SA^T FRANCISCO^ WEDI^ESDAY, MAY 7, 1902.
PRICE FITE CENTS.
DEATH CLAIMS SAMPSON,
WHOSE CLOSING CAREER
IS CLOUDED BY RANCOR
Continued 1 on Page^Two.
¦ ¦'¦'-'.- ¦¦-—" '-'- ' :"'' -' . :.- ;• *.. ,'¦ ' ' '
CAEEEROF SAMPSON.
Command of the Cuban Fleet Follows
Long Servicein Navy.
.William .¦'>> Thomas ••¦ Sampson - - was born' : at
Harriman's Yosemite Outins-.
YOSEMITE, May 6.'-E. H. Harriman.
president of the Southern Pacific, and his
party, arrived here yesterday from Wa
wona, on horseback. To-day Mr. Harri
man opened the trail from Nevada Falls
to Glacier Point. He will leave to-morrow
morning on the limited stage for Wawona,
where he expects to spend several days.'
Lava Pours Upon Factories.
ST. THOMAS. D. W. I., May 6.-Thc
flow of lava from the volcano of Mont
Pelee began Saturday last and completely
destroyed^ the Guerin factories, situated
about two miles from St. Pierre, Mar
tinique. It is reported that about 150 peo
ple have disappeared. A great panic pre
vails at St. Pierrt.
ASK COURT TO EXCLUDE • HER.
PRAISES' THE ADMIRAL.
London. iTimes Says Sampson' Did:
Much ! for j Our 3 Navy.
LONDON. : May 7.— The" Times devotes a
longer. obituary, notice to Admiral. Samp-;
son thari^ it does to. Bret Harte.- It de- :
scribes ".'¦ the\admiral as one of "the best
seamen' the A.rrierican navy ever possessed
and- '¦• says ¦* his . personal ; : energy • '- entered
more, largely than 'that of any othcr'i of-;
fleer, in the construction, -the 'armament, 1
the organization; and. the/fighting qualities'
of the fleet that 'defeated "the" Spaniards.'
CONFESSES THAT HE WAS
MISS GABEL'S ASSAILANT
Young Negro Held by the San Jose
Authorities Admits Brutal
Crime.
BAN JOSE, May 6.— James Robinson,
the colored man "who pretended to have
discovered Miss Mary Gabel, who was
brutally assaulted, lying unconscious on
the street early Sunday morning-, confess
ed to the Sheriff to-night that he was her
assailant. He said that he ."knocked her
down with a club and then dragged her
into an adjacent yard. He gives no ex
planation of his motive. The girl is still
in a critical condition.
GIVES THE BAY STATE
THIS NEGRO TO REFORM
Facetious Governor of Arkansas
Turns Loose a Criminal as an
Experiment.,
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., May 6.—Gover
nor Jefferson Davis to-day pardoned
Andrew Thompson, a negro, on condition
that Thompson go to Massachusetts,with
in the next thirty days with the Intention
of becoming a citizen of that State.
Thompson was convicted of assault with
Intent to kill, and sentenced to three
years in the penitentiary. .-
The Governor issued the pardon be
cause, he • says, he "has just returned
from the North, arid has heard many ex
pressions of sympathy by the citizens of
Massachusetts for what they were pleas
ed to <all the 'poor, oppressed negro -of
the South,' and. desires that , they shall
have an opportunity to reform a portion
of the negro population of our State."
ano^the country have suffered a great
loss." * ¦.• • ' '.¦,-
GREAT LOSS TO NAVY.
Representative Foss, chairman of the
House Committee on 'Naval Affairs, : said :
"Admiral Sampson's death is a great Idas
to the navy. ' No; man had a more thor
ough comprehension of the navy, in its
minutest detail or as a great whole than
he. J His work in.- the Spanish war Is a
matter of history, and will be more ap
preciated as it is better understood 'and
known, and ;his 'fame will, grow, brighter
in coming years."
Senator 1 Hale, of the Senate
Naval Committee, ' said : "Admiral Samp
son'was- one of. the silent" heroes of ; the
late war. He, was brave and -patient and
equal to every occasion; but he fell Into
the current , of hostile .criticism, and 'I
have no doubt, that the rancor which pur
sued him shortened his life. ' It is a sad,
pathetic story, but . time, will get him
even." ; ' ¦ ¦"¦•¦•.•¦;. ; ; - >- : ' -y ¦ ,:'..'•' i--:
Rear Admiral W. S. Schley arrived in
Washington to-night. ;' "I do not care to
discuss Rear Admiral - Sampson's death
to-night," he said. "I "may; have some
thing'to say , to-morrow. I have just re
turned from an .' exhausting trip, and : I
cannot talk now." : " ;
NOTED NAVAL. OFFICER WHO
1 DIED YESTERDAY -AT.: HIS
WASHINGTON HOME. ;
•$•- ~ : ¦_ .. — — ¦ — ; — *j*
Palmyra, Wayne : County, ' New . York, Febru
ary 9..-; 1840, of Scotch-Irish stock. - He was
appointed to the .Naval Academy by Congress
man | Morgan of ' Aurora, : N. ¦ Y.,' and entered
September. 24, 1840, on a few days' notice.
He graduated at /the . head.- of : his class In
1S01, .and the -Civil- War being then on, en
tered, at "once on . active . service with the.
"Potomac Flotilla."', - He was " soon' promoted
to ? master and assigned . to the frigate Po
tomac, as • watch and division officer. July
16,\ 18G2,' he > was; made, lieutenant and trans
ferred to the Water : Witch as executive offi
cer, and with her saw service in all. parts of
the Gulf of Mexico. -In 1802-63 ha served
on the practice ship John Adams, and in 1864
as ' instructor at the Naval Academy. Later
'in that .year he became . executive .of fleer of
the ' Ironclad . Patapsco, * and when- that vessel
- was j destroyed ; ¦ by a ' torpedo off , Charleston
harbor, July . 15, -1865, he - was in command
of iher. • He was blown into' the water, but
rescued by a picket: bbati ; For his conduct In
this, affair. he : was- specially mentioned In the
report ."of the cpmmandlnz "officer, r, -- ,
».He .was' next asslcned to the steam frigate
Colorado, ; then flagship of the European squad
ron, and .commissioned as lieutenant com
mander " July . 25, - r 1866. He returned to the
United States in 1867, and Was ordered to the
Naval '.Academy'-, "as Instructor in ¦ natural
philosophy, . and*. in 18G9 wes made head of
that department. In '_ January, 1871, , he was
ordered . to < the . Congress as executive officer,
ond on .that ship, under CaDtaln.H.~ K. Dav
enport, '" was .' sent"- to : Greenland # on special
service. In August 'supplies were landed . ; at
Godhavn^lfor the ; Polaris, of Captain Hall's
exploring expedition, ; and ' the Congress re
turned, and joined . the : European squadron.
Sampson ';• • was . commissioned commander
August . 9, '1874,; and 'the following year put
In command of the. Alert, a third-rater. .In
1876 ,he "was 'again at , the Naval : Academy,
where" he stayed -until 1878 at the head, of the
department 'of physics and chemistry.' In 1878
he was: detailed to' head a party which went
with Professor Newcomb to Wyoming to ob
serve the total ' eclipse of the sun,' which took
place. July 29 of that ; year.
' "From 1879^ to '¦ 1SS2 hs ' was in command of
the : Swp.tara; on ; . trie .'Asiatic i From
1882 to 1SS5 he was assistant superintendent of
the V United . States /". Naval - Observatory at
Washington; r being also ' a; member of the In
ternational Prime Meridian . and Time Cbn
ferer.ee held in that city' in .1881. In . 1885
1SS6- he 'was on r torpedo duty and ¦ a member,
of -"the . board ' of '; fortifications and . defenses.
From .1SSO 5 to ; J900 j he was' suoerintendent of
the*;: United States- Naval /Academy, and also
acted, as "a. delegate to the International Mar
itime . Conference held in Washington in 1H8QJ,
, In ¦ 1889 > he . was promoted to , a captaincy,* and
for ; three iyears - folio wins '• was In command of
the j San* Francisco, 'on the. Pacific '.station.
_He*,left "• that' service ;' January, 1893, to V, take
FIVE MEN LOSE LIFE •
IN MOLTEN METAL FLOOD
Ore Boils Over and Converts a Pit
Into a Pool of
Fire.
HARRISBURG, Pa., May 6.— Five men
are dead and three seriously injured as
the result of an accident last night at the
open hearth steel department of the Penn
sylvania Steel Works at Steelton. The
disaster was caused by the boiling over
of a ladle of hot slag at a furnace, its
fiery contents engulfing eight men in a
pit, whence thev were powerless to es
cape. The victims were all Austrian la
borers. The dead are: j
YAKO MOROVICH, entire body burned
to a crisp.
MIKE MUSA, almost entire body
burned.
ALEXO ARAKEANOVICH, burnea
about legs and abdomen.
JOCAIAH JUREVIC, burned over entire
body except face and hips.
UNKNOWN AUSTRIAN, burned on
arms, chest and legs.
The injured are: Marto Persin, severe
burns on arms and feet; will probably re
cover; Pavano Baryfatum, severe burns
on face and arms: Maro Tashum, burns
on face, arms and feet; will recover.
w -wy -pr ASHINGTON. May 6.-
H /H /. Rear Admiral William T.
K|X fix Sampson! retired/died at
Hr H^ his home in this city at 5
» * o'clock this afternoon.
The immediate cause of
death was a severe cerebral hemorrhage.
He had been in a semi-conscious state for
several days. At the bedside when the
admiral breathed his last j were Mrs.
Sampson, Mrs. Lieutenant Cluverius, the
admiral's married daughter; Admiral
Sampson's two young sons, Ralph and
Harold Sampson; Dr. DIxon, the attend
ing physician, and nurses and attendants.
Mrs. Sampson has broken down- under
the severe strain and was quite ill all
during the day. But for the critical con
dition of the admiral she would have been
confined to her -bed.
PLANS FOR FUNERAL.
The arrangements for the funeral of
Admiral Sampson will not be completed,
until morning. \ It has been suggested to
Mrs. gampspn that the Naval Academy
at Annapolis would be the proper place
for the last resting place,* while other
friends have represented to her that; he
should be buried in Arlington Cemetery,
near this city. Admiral Sampson resided
In Annapolis eight years, during- four of
which he was superintendent of . the
academy there. Mrs. Sampson prefers
Annapolis, but the matter will not be
definitely decided until to-morrow. The
pallbearers have not yet ' been selected,
but they will include ¦¦ among them some
of the captains of the ships of the fleet
which engaged in the Santiago campaign.
Mrs. Sampson suffered a slight ¦ accident
four days ago while attending to the
wants of the admiral and has been in bed
since. She probably will not be able to
attend the' funeral services.
MESSAGES OF CONDOLENCE.
A number of telegrams and messages
of condolence have been received already
at the house, among them one from Sec
retary Moody. . ¦
The death of Admiral Sampson occur
ring late in the day there has been no
opportunity yet for any action- by the
Navy Department for participating: in the
funeral services. Suitable representation
will be made, however, Including a de
tachment of bluejackets and marines. ;
j Washington is divided to-night between
regret that a heroic figure has passed
away and sympathy for the family. Secre
tary Moody said:; "I have learned of the.
death of Admiral Sampson with deep con
'cern, which I am sure will be shared by
every officer of the navy, both on the active
and retired lists. His name has been in
separably connected with the great events
of our recent history. His life was too
important and his services too conspicu
ous to be dealt with summarily": as 4 must
needs be at this moment, and I can say
no more than that in his death the navj%
Rear Admiral
Leaves Good
Record.
Devoted Wife
Remains at
Bedside.
'¦./When the hearing of the arguments in
the matter of; the final destribution of
the 'Fair estate was called "ijliv- Judge
Troutt's court yesterday > morning Attor
ney Wheeler arose and let loose a flow of
oratory and '. reasoning that lasted, for'sev
er,al hours." ; He left'a well-defined impres
sion that the Fair, children and their law
yers .were tired of • the litigation \ that has
, been kept up by Mrs. Craven, even after
Mrs. Craven Suppressed.
Lawyers for the Fair] Heirs Want
THE HAGUE, May 7.-Advices received
here from Castle Loo, dated 1 o'clock this
morning, declare that Queen Wilhelmina'a
condition again excites grave anxiety.
Another consultation of the Queen's doc
tors was held at 11 o'clock last night. The
result of this consultation is not known.
Extreme secrecy is maintained as to the
contents of the telegrams dispatched from
Loo Palace. This and other measures are
believed to indicate that the condition of
her Majesty is much graver than appears
from the regular bulletins. It is said that'
the Queen 13 so weak that she has been
unable to take any nourishment since last
Saturday.
PREMIER KEPT POSTED.
Dr. Roessingh never leaves her Maj
jesty's bedside, except for a brief and
much-needed rest, when he Is always re
placed by Dr. Pot. After the consultation
held last night Professor Rosenstein was
summoned to the palace. He was con
sulted before the operation of last Sunday.
v A special Government wire has been
established between Loo Palace and The
Hague, and Dr. Kuper, the Dutch Pre
mier, is Informed every half hour of the
progress of the royal 'patient.
The Queen mother and the Prince Con
sort remain constantly at her Majesty's,
bedside. Dr. Roessingh very carefully
dictates whatever news concerning Queen
Wilhelmina' s condition is issued from the
palace, and he declines to say anything;
further concerning his patient.
STILL GRAVE DANGER.
It is understood that although the offi
cial bulletins represent the Queen's tem
perature as normal, it invariably rises
toward midnight, and that never for a
moment since last Saturday has there
been a cessation oX anxiety.
The weather at Loo Palace continues
very cold.
LONDON, May 7.— The Brussels corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph says the
Netherlands legation at Brussels has re
ceived a dispatch to the effect that the
physicians still fear peritonitis and blood
poisoning in the case of Queen Wilhel
mina. ' i
the court has declared that she was not
the wife of the late James G. Fair.
After Mr. Wheeler Garret McEnerney
appeared on the scene as the attorney for
the execcutors of the Fair estate, and in
a very able and forceful^argument in fa
vor of a final distribution and the setting
aside of Mrs." Craven as an obstacle to
the settling up of the case, he, too, gave
vent to arguments and expressions which
plainly denoted that his clients were tired
of their jobs and desired to hand over the
estate to those to whom It rightfully be
longed.
Mrs. Craven's attorneys, Messrs. Ma
guire and Pence, are fighting hard to
have the proceedings attending the final,
distribution of the Fair millions " post
poned, giving as a reason the fact, that
they intend to bring suit against the
heirs over the property to which Mrs.
Craven holds deeds, which have been al
ready declared by the court to be for
geries.
During the course of Mr.' Wheeler's ar
gument he waxed fervid and handled tha
subject of "litigation that clogs the
wheels of justice", without gloves. He
said:
A dozen new trials or a hundred or a thou
sand or a million to determine the status and
interest of a litigant Is not contemplated by
any scheme of the law. The Leeislature did
not contemplate that a litigant should be al
lowed to come Into court at every stase of a
probate proceeding and ask the court to go Into
matters again and again and again and make
new conclusions of facts when It has already
declared its findings. This court has distinctly
declared that Nettie R. Craven is not tha
widow and never was • the wife of , James O.
Fair, deceased, and it is the duty of the court
to now make an order declaring her an in
truder — to exclude her from further participa
tion In the case and refuse ' to hear her any
further, on any matters attendant ttpon the
settlement of this case.
The policy of th« law as I take it Is not to
hinder the administration of estates. It would
be a premium on blackmail If persons could
come Into court and attempt to have the same
thing tried over and over again and thereby
tie up estates running: Into millions.
To say that > this court ¦ has not during: the
trial of this case, which has taken up a period
of eleven months, taken -Judicial cognizance or
knowledge and so declared that Xettic It.
Craven Is not the wife of James G. * Fair Is
nonsensical. If she la to be recoznlzed here
in this proceeding, then I say that our probate
law Is in an anomalous ' and chaotic condition.
One time Is sufficient to determine- the status
and interest' of a litigant and that should set
tle it for all time. If K is not, new trial will
follow new and the claimant can come
Into court and block the progress of the final
settlement of an estate as often as she pleases.
McEnerney then, bored into the kernel
of the situation with his weight of legal
lore. He pointed out that as far as the
executors of the Fair estate were con
cerned it didn't make any difference to
them who got the estate. He further
showed that even if the Supreme Court
were to declare that Mrs. Craven was
entitled to a share, she would be none the
loser for having lost her fight ; to block
the final distribution. . The hearing Will
go on again at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Special Dispatch* to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL., May 6.— During the trial
to-day of the suit brought by Joseph Har
vey against Adolph Silva, which has been
occupying the attention of Judge Angel
lotti in the Superior Court for several'
days', sensational accusations were made
by the defendant's attorney. While Har
vey was on the witness stand he was ac
cused by Innuendo of having received $40,
000 from the Fair estate, with which to
pay Silva and others for services rendered
during: Mrs. Nettie R. Craven's contest
of the. late Senator Fair's will. This
amount was paid,' Silva's attorneys Inti
mated, in four certified checks of $10,000
each, drawn upon the Crocker- Woolworth
National Bank of San Francisco, and was
given to Joseph Harvey in April, 1900. The
accusatipns were made during- the cross
examination of Harvey. Attorney O. H.
Meldon, who represents Silva, after as
certaining that the witness knew Herman
Oelrichs and Charles Fair, asked this
question:
"Is it not a fact, Mr. Harvey, that in
April, 1900, you received from George A.
Knight the sum of $40,000 to be paid to
Adolph Silva' and others for services ren
dered in the Craven contest of Fair's
will?" ' . " .
"I did not."
] "Is it not a fact that on or about April
30, 1900, you. received four checks of $io,000
each, certified to by the Crocker-Wool
worth National Bank, to be given to
Adolph Silva and others for services ren
dered in the Fair, case?" .
. "I did not receive a quarter of a dollar
from the Fairs or any one else to be paid
¦to^Silva^ox., any one- in, ¦ the .Craven . con
test:' 1 ' ;/: . : ; ; :r- : "5z ¦ -^"v"" 5"-^ ¦
PAID SILVA NO MONEY.
"Did you not pay to Adolph Silva the
sum of $20,000?" ,.
"I did. not." •'-..,
"Is * it not a fact that on April 25 you
rented a safe deposit box for Silva, in"
which' he was to place the $20,000 paid to
him for services in the Fair case?".
"No, I did not. The whole story is ab
solutely false and preposterous."
"Is it hot a fact that in February, 1901.
Silva asked you for $1000 on account of
money, due him for services in the Fair
case and that you told him that you had
just paid out $17,000 to State Senators to
protect poolselling in this State?".
"I did not."
"Is it not a fact that in October, 1901,
you received a letter from Adolph Silva,
claiming money due him from the Fairs
and demanding the same?"
"I did not."
"Is it not a fact that In "March, 1900,
you and Silva went to Meiggs wharf to.
wait for a steamer for the purpose of in
tercepting pertain witnesses for Mrs.
Craven?"
An objection to this question was sus
tained.
NATURE OF THE LITIGATION.
Joseph Harvey is suing Adolph Silva for
a. one-half interest in the Sausalito Elec
tric Light Company. . He alleges that he
gave . Silva $4000 with which to purchase
that- interest for • him, but that Silva
bought the property in his own name and
refused to assign the deed. Silva has in
stituted a counter suit, alleging that $4000
was paid to him by Harvey, but that the
sum was in- part payment of 520,000 due
him from Harvey. He prays for judgment
for the balance. of $16,000.
Other witnesses called to-day were
Thomas Frost, owner of the other one
half interest in the electric light com
pany; G. W. Ebner; of the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank, John Farley of the Peerless
saloon. In San Francisco and Frank Da
rcux, a bookmaker at Sausalito.
FROST, SUPPORTS HARVEY.
Frost's testimony supported • Harvey's
contention. ' He j said . that he wished to
become sole owner of the electric system,
and tried to get the money wherewith to
purchase the outstanding half-interest.
Silva told him that he (Silva) could get
the money from Harvey. Silva saw Har
vey • and later told Frost that Harvey
agreed to let him have any sum up to
$5000. Silva said he would bid in the elec
tric light interest in Harvey's name and
Frost could repay Harvey. Silva in real
ity bid in the property in his own name
and still retains it.
j Ebner, Farley and,Daroux gave testi
mony, to prove that the $4000 was given to
Silva by Harvey, the former telling of its
having, been certified : to by the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank, and the other, two men
having seen .Harvey give the check to
Silva in Farley's saloon. '?'»'"'.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STRETT, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 6.— If Congress
falls to pass the Philippine civil govern
ment bill and the Cuban reciprocity meas
ure, President Roosevelt will call an ex
tra session of that body for the purpose
of enacting this legislation. Roosevelt has
notified the leaders of the Senate and the
House of his determination, and they un
derstand that he is thoroughly in earnest.
The present session will probably last
till the middle of June, and if the Phil
ippine and Cuban bills are not passed,
Congress, therefore, will be compelled to
reassemble later in the summer.
CONVEYS THE NOTICE.
The President, within the last twenty
four hours, has conveyed notice of his
purpose to call an extra session to such
men as Senator Allison, Senator Hanna
and other members of the steering com
mittee of the upper house. These Sena
tors are, of course, doing the best they
can with the pending measures, but the
positiveness of the President's position
will doubtless spur them to greater ef
forts.
Democratic Senators have expressed
their determination to talk the Philippine
bill to death, if possible, and the Repub
lican leaders, if they desire to avoid an
extra session, will have to stop this char
acter of filibustering. On the other hand,
there are Republican Senators who are
standing in the way of the Cuban reci
procity measure, and they, too, will have
to be brought to a realization of the ne
cessity of the enactment of some legisla
tion for the bill for Cuba.
. _ WILI* _W0BK JHABDEB.. ,„
It is hoped that the necessity for an ex
tra session will be avoided, and most of
the leaders in Congress will doubtless do
their utmost to prevent it. By June the
lawmakers for the most part will be
ready to quit for the summer, for Wash
ington Is not the most salubrious place in
which to live during the hot months, and
furthermore, most of the Representatives
and Senators have political matters at
home which require their attention during
the regular recess. Such men as Sena
tors Allison, Hanna and Aldrich will em
ploy every legitimate means to secure the
enactment of Philippine and Cuban leg
islation during the present session.
Meanwhile no one of the leaders has
anything to say about the Nicaragua bill,
which is a matter quite as important to
the Republican party as any now pending
in Congress.
WASHINGTON, May 6.— For almost
four hours to-day a fierce discussion of
the Philippine question raged In the Sen
ate. It was started by Bcveridge of In
diana, who made some sharp' strictures
on the members of the opposition, be
cause, as he said, they persisted in telling
in their speeches only one side of thj
Eton*.
Carmack and Rawlins -warmly resented
any Imputation of unfairness. Rawlins
declared that no partisan motives had ac
tuated the opponents of the present Phil
ippine policy, but that they were moved
only by patriotism and love of country-
Turner of Washington delivered a
scathing criticism of the methods prac
ticed by the military authorities in the
Philippines, dwelling particularly upon the
alleged order of General Smith, whom he
denounced as a monster in human form.
WILL BE INVESTIGATED.
Turner referred to the special dispatch
frcrn Lynn, Mass., which, on the author
ity of Rev. "W. H. Walker, told of. the
execution of 1000 Filipino prisoners by. a
battalion of American troops because
there was not sufficient food for them.
Rev. Dr. Walker told the story on the
authority of his son, J. B. Walker, a pri
vate in Company I. Sixteenth Infantry.
Turner said he did not vouch for the
truth of the story, but felt that it ought
to be investigated.
Lodge replied that he would investigate
the matter, althougk he felt it was ut
terly without foundation.
Hoar of Massachusetts briefly defend
ed the action of the Philippine Commit
tee, saying that already it had furnished
much valuable information.
I TVhen the Philippine Committee met t6
6ay Senator Lodge presented a cable from
General Chaffee, giving the charges and
specifications of Major Gardener rela
tlt-e to Tayabas province. The charge
consisted of allegations that troops had
burned buildings, ill treatment of the na
tives by Lieutenant G. D. Catlin and
criminal assault on five ¦women by sol
diers. Senator Lodge stated to the com
mittee that Catlin had been under treat
ment for deran&ed mind.
The witness bofore the committee to
day was R. V. Hughes of Philadelphia.
formerly private in Company H, Eighth
Infantry. He testified to seeing the water
cure administered to a native when the
troops were searching for information; he
also saw one native knocked down twice
by order of Lieutenant Merchant anh
another beaten on the chest with a stick
to make him give information. He said the
insurgents engaged in similar work and
gave an instaj/e of an American soldier
cut to pieces with bolos. He testified that
the native prisoners were well treated, the
Fick cared for and the food furnished very
nearly the same as that furnished the
American troops.
REGRETTED BY CHAFFEE.
""= "ar department this evening re
ceived the following cablegram:
"MANILA— Adjutant General, Wash
ington: General George \V. Davis reports
Saturday. 1 p. m.. May 3. prisoners that
hao been disarmed sitting on open hill
top and surrounded by strong guard at a
concerted signal sprang to their feet and
rushed down the hill. Several endeavored
to seize rifles from guards and one suc
ceeded while soldier was drinking from
canteen. Direction of the flight such as
to brine them to the rear of the camp,
eo that Sring upon the Moros would en
danger our men. Guard and company
opened fire without orders, killing thirty
five. Nine were recaptured and the others
«scaped. Regret this accident, as it was
desire to release the prisoners except a
few of the leaders, and encourage the re
turn of the others to peaceful labors.
"CHAFFEE."
General Chaffee also cabled that he has
rescinded the order for the establishment
of reconcentration camps in Laguna and
Batangas provinces, the only provinces
in the Philippines where the system has
been practiced. These provinces lay on
the south coast of Laguna de Bay and
are about forty miles distant from Ma
nila. *?'. - '".<: ¦• : r : .: ¦_¦
Roosevelt Tells the
Leaders He's in
Earnest.
Gen. Chaffee Sends
Charges Made by
Gardener.
Physicians Conceal
True State of
Patient.
Says One-Half of Sum
Is Still Due His
Client.
Senators Promise an
Investigation of
Massacre.
Hints at $40,000 Pay*
ment to Witness
in Will Case.
Will Call an Extra
Session if It Is
Necessary.
No Cessation of the
Anxiety Since
Saturday.
Wilhelmina Is Still
in a Critical
Condition.
President Works for
A dministration :
Measures.
sation in Harvey*
Silva Suit.
Lawyer Springs Sen*
Turner's Criticism of
Army Methods in
Philippines.
BRINGS
IN NAME
OF FAIR
PASSING
BILLS BY
PRESSURE
STYLES
SMITH A
MONSTER
QUEEN'S
LIFE IN
BALANCE
VOLUME XCI-STO. 158.
The San Francisco Call.NEW HAVEN, Ma^ 6.-r-The University
of California track, team came to the city
this afternoon. \Flaw, the hammer-throw
er, was the only member of the team to
don. a uniform. He threw the . hammer
repeatedly ' more than 160 f e.et. Once he
sent It 170 feet. . . ' '
Berkeley Athletes at New Haven.
- -Parties desfringr to visit the Bakersfield Street
Fair and Carnival can secure tickets j at one
fare for the round trip. These tickets will be
on sale at the 'SantaJFe office,. 641 Market st.,
for all trains May 7, good to return until May
11. • v '"-¦ ' ¦ ¦ • ¦ - • " '
Bakersfield Excursion.
In the absence of the. big packers St.
Joseph retail butchers, some of them for
mer managers and salesmen for Armour,
Swift, Nelson, Morris, Cudahy and Ham
mond, told of trust methods In St. Jo
seph. • . ¦ ¦ . . • . .
-.The testimony at : the morning session
was to the effect that damaged and part
ly spoiled meat is sold to the butcher at
a reduced price, for sale 'to restaurants
and boarding-houses, after- a concession
has been granted to the wholesaler by the
arbitrator representing the other firms;
that an arbitrator fixes the price of meat
for all the packers and' imposes fines, and
that rebates are paid retailers by the
packers. ::..,*
In response to numerous 'questions one
witness testified that it was customary
for the packing companies to notify their
best customers in advance of a rise in the
price of dressed meats, to give them the
benefit of buying before. the advance; that
rebates were paid by- packers and that he
had received such rebates from both Ar
mour & Co. and Cudahy & Co.
John Wood, a St.. Joseph retailer, tes
tified that four packing companies con
trolled the beef in St. Joseph. AVood said
that the 'price of rreat had Increased four
or five times Since January 1.
LYNN, Mass., May 6.— An' anti-beef eat
ing league is being organized among the
5000 employes of the General Electric
Company here. : Between 1500 and 1700
names have been secured., representing
3500- consumers. Local dealers complain
that the consumption of meats Is falling
off rapidly. .; v ..."
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo.,' May 6.— None
of the officials of. wholesale packing
houses in St/ Louis, St. Joseph and Kan
sas City appeared before Judge Burgess
to-day in the inquiry begun by Attorney
General E. C. Crowe into the allegeU beef
trust.
tem of Favoritism and
.Fines... .
Retailers Complain of.tbe Sys-
spun..
Peculiar Methods of the
'Big Packers of Mis- V
BUTCHERS TELL
OF MEAT TRUST
Continued From Page One.
- Australian - Tim Murphy ~ arid Young
Gibbs: will, fight fifteen , rounds . before the
Acme Club. Oakland. Friday night. -Fitz
simmons is-, expected to be an interested
spectator at tho ringside. The men signed
,to:flght'at - 154."pounds. which ; . gives Mur
phy a decided. pull- ln the : weight,,-- ¦ ¦ •
Murphy and Gibbs' to Fight.
LOS ANGELES. May 6.— Two. important
measures, one. referring .„ to individual
clubs and the other the passage of the
application of a club ;- through the merri- ;
bership committee, were, considered to
day by the General Federation "of Wom
en's Clubs. Both: were parts, of the com
promise amendments, one section' . i"of
which was accepted ' yesterday, to the' es
pecial satisfaction of the South as against
Listens to Addresses.
Convention Acts on Amendments arid
ROUTINE OF THE DAY.
¦.Just': before .-leaving Redding this morn
ing Toung met an old friend and told him
pf .the recent accident' to- Frank Whipple.
Young said he would iook : for "the : place
i.where the accident occurred. He sat down
to rest and' was killed within 100 yards of
where -W.hipple lost his foot.' • . -
•Walter D. Young was ason of. Captain
Young of an Oakland ferry-boat,' and his
two.brothers " are. dentists In San Fran
cisco. Young lived at 1841 Polk street, San
Francisco: He was: a- friend of Frank
Whipple of Middle Creek, who recently
lost -a -foot -under tha wheels of
at.; freight— f rain, - through alleged
negligence. Whipple- wrote . to Young
that work was plentiful in.-.-thU
county, and Young came up from San
Francisco. He left Redding to walk to
Middle Creek. When near that station he
sat down, on' the end of a tie to rest. The
down freight rounded'the curve just above
him and the engineer blc w • " his ' whistle
loudly; ? v but 'j Young . paid no heed." <The
train could not be stopped in^ime, and
the locorhetive struck the man just as he
realized his danger and tried to spring out
of : the way.VHe.was hurled : many yards
and suffered numerous injuries. , . "
REDDING, May 6.— Walter D. Young. 40
y^ars of-age. was fatally Injured by be
ing, struck by south-bound freight train
No. 221 near Redding at noon to-day. He
died two: hours later. ,
Is Struck by Train/
San 'Franciscan, Bestjng on Spot
. \yhere Acquaintance Was Mairned,
KILLED AT THE SCENE
• OF A FRIEND'S ? MISHAP
BUTTE, Mont., May 6.— A special to the
Miner from Boulder says that the safe
of the Boulder Hot Springs Hotel was
rifled last night a*d over $1000 in money
and jewels was taken. • A clerk named
Raymond is mt?sing, and it_.Is-Said by the
management .that he was familiar with
the combination of the safe. The authori
ties are on his track, and it is believed he
will soon be apprehended.
Suspect Clerk of the Robbery.
The parade passed through the principal
streets and ; in front of Queen Tessie's
throne the little ruler of the juvenile
court. Florence Crossman, descended from
her float and took her place, beside the
throne. Prizes were awarded for the pa
rad* features and in the baby show that
followed. The Fresno military band sup
plied the music for the parade.
To-morrow will be Elks' day and the lo
cal older will celebrate it by giving 1 a cir
cus parade, for which elaborate prepara
tions are being made.
BAKERSFIELD, May 6— The second day
of Bakersfield's street carnival was given
up to the children of the city, the public
schools being dismissed that the young
sters might fully enjoy the event. The
juvenile parade got under way at 3:30
o'clock this afternoon and proved to be a
most pleasing spectacle, with its beauti
fully decorated floats, juvenile court, char
acter representations and a long line of
bicycles decked in ths riesta colors.
Witnessed by Carnival
Visitors.
SCHOOL CHILDREN RULE
THE BAKERSFIELD FAIR
Juvenile Parade a Pleasing Spectacle
charge of the bureau of naval ordnance, on
'which duty he continued until appointed to
'command of the battle-ship Iowa, June 16,
. 1887.
. • On February 17, -two days after the destruc
tion of the Maine in Havana harbor. Captain
1 Sampson was appointed chairman of a com
-mission to investigate the affair, his associates
being Captain F. £^ Chadwick and Lieutenant
Commander F. E. Pattee of . the cruiser New
York and Lieutenant Commander Adolf Marix
of the Vermont ' ; i
The work of that commission is* well known.
• Alter dally sessions' and expert examinations
-from February 20 to. March 19 its report was
j handed to President McKtnley March 25 and
by him sent to Congress on the 2Sth. It stated
S In brier that'. .the Maine had . been destroyed
' by the explosion, of a submarine torpedo or
mint, ¦ but did" not fix the responsibility for the
,act ¦ . • . . ¦.: ¦ . :;-..
Captain Sampson . then returned to his com
mand, but soon after, -under orders from the
Navy Department and with tha title of acting
.rear admiral.; began --to assemble a fleet at
Key V'ett in anticipation of- the declaration of
war which was surely expected. ;• >>>-.
On receipt or oew« •' April • 22. 1898,- that the
. United States Minister to Spain had demanded
his passports, with the Xew York as flagship
-the fleet set out from. Key West to begin the
. blockade of Cuban ports. The formal declara
. tlon of war came three' days later. On May
12 with several of hi*-- largest vessels Sampson
I bombarded the city of. San Juan, Porto Rico.
' and then returned to -the blockading station off
the coast of Cuba. , -
• On May 19 the- Spanish fleet under Admiral
C Cervera, which had left -the Cape Verde Islands
¦ for Cuba April ,30, .entered • Santiago harbor,
where It was discovered on May 27 and block
¦ s<!ed by the division of Sampson's force under
. Commodore W.' •&. Schley. A few days later
Sampson arrived with other vessels and as
sumed command.- ! The blockade was main
•tained rigidly until ihe early morning of "Julv
3. when Admiral Cervera. seeing the capture
'of the city inevitable, sought to escape with
. eome If not all his vessels. .
The result is yet fresh In the minds of the
¦people of the whole world. The Spanish fleet
. was utterly destroyed, with a loss of 400 killed
and 1<X)O taken prisoners, of whom 500 were
wounded. The glory of the affair, of which
¦Schley said there was enough for all in his sig
nal report to Admiral Sampson when the latter
"arrived on the scene of the surrender of the
Colon, th« last of the Spanish fleet, was dim
,me<l. however, by the very unseemly contro
versy which arose over the question as to
r who was ln command during the fight.
j In view of the tact that Admiral Sampson
nearly an hour before the fight began had
¦eteamed away with the New York to Slboney.
1 some fourteen miles to the east, and did not get
¦ back in time to participate in the battle.
'Schley'e friende. contended that as the next in
'(rrade a.n<2 seniority he was <3e jure and de facto
. the commander during the battle.
This dispute opened up charges and recrlm
' inatioc • dating back to the beginning of the
war, the bitter echoes of which are yet sound
ing in the ears, of the people, who. In spite of
'the fact that Sampson was officially accorded
the credit for the victory, 'by a large majority
Admiral Samptson was considered one: of the
first officers of the* navy in matters of naval
science. He was an expert "on ordnance, tor
pedoes, etc., and with Lieutenant Strauss de
vlstrt and perfected the plan of superimposed
turrets recently adopted in our navy. Admiral
fcampson was twice married— first in 1862 to
Miss Margaret Aldrich of Palmyra, N. Y., by
whom he had four daughters, and second In
1882 to Miss Elizabeth Burling of Canandalgua,
a. Y., who bore hirn three sons.
- In September. 18S8. Sampson was appointed
one of the three Commissioners to settle affairs
:n Cuba and in December of that year, having
been made commodore, resumed command of
the North Atlantic squadron. In 1809 he was
promoted to rear admiral, and on October 4 of
that year was put ln -command of the Boston
navy yard.
repudiate the decision and persist in award
ing the victor's crown to Schley.
That this painful and bitter controversy hast
ened Admiral Sampson's death there is no room
for doubt. During the war Admiral Sampson
nad under his command a fleet of 125 vessels,
the strongest ever assembled for hostile pur-
Then came a friendly contest ; for the en
tertainment of the • next biennial Mrs
Williams, who spoke for Minneapolis said
the Commercial Club had pledged the
money and promised to do all the work
and tried to tempt the delegates to believe
this would be taxation without reorespn
tation Mrs. Shields of Missouri, backed
f^ tl0I1S . fr ?, m men ln nlsh'positionB,
extended a similar "courtesy from st!
The last question considered related to
the reduction of the per capita tax from
10 to 5 cents, which induced, Mrs. Lydia
Williams of Minnesota to speak ; scorn
fully of the federation as ''doing business
on a nickel basis." Mrs. Lowe also made
pertinent remarks • against a reduction.
She said the tax might be cut in two and
still not cripple Xhe treasury, -but. at the
same time she hinted at the advisability
of the federation paying the expenses of
every officer. This suggestion pleased the
delegates. If one might judge by: the ap
plauee.y- ¦ . ,. : ¦ .,
The decision to adopt the parliamentary
manual of Mrs. -Emma Fox; the present
recording secretary, as authority for the
federation, led Mrs. Urquhart Lee, an*ex
pert parliamentarian who has crossed
swords with Mrs. Fox more than once, to
urge the acceptance of some manual writ
ten by a man. Mrs. Fox's indignation
found vent in a few tears, but consola
tion came in the ultimate support of the
convention. • .
NO TAX REDUCTION.
Then came consideration of section 3
of article II, the second feature in the
color problem. This section is part of
the present by-laws and when Miss Jane
Addams of Hull House, Chicago, offered
to amend it Mrs. Lowe, notwithstanding
that the usual sixty days' notice had not
been given, so graciously gave indulgence
to the famous sociologist as to call forth
warm applause and the appreciative
acknowledgment from Miss Addams Won
a like tribute from the audience.
Miss Addams, who believes in the ad
mlsion of colored clubs, desired to have
this section amended, so that two instead
of one adverse vote on the membership
committee of five would be necessary to
keep out an unwelcome club. Miss Ad
dams made a worthy -plea, but it was re
jected by a large vote. ... .
The convention then turned its atten
tion to the compromise amendments, first
Considering section 0 of article I. After
several attempts to change it, it was ac
cepted as prepared: by' the compromise
committee. :' . •
Massachusetts was obliged to bow to
adverse fate,' in'the first place "' when it
was discovered that her, cherished series
of amendments'," which have been promul
gated throughout the length and breadth
of the country these; last' two years, were
Illegal, in that they disfranchised mem
bers already accepted. They were, there
fore, stricken from the lists • of amend
ments to be considered.
ILLEGAX AMENDMENTS.
While Massachusetts is sorrowful, there
is no element of bitterness , in the defeat,
- the .union of the South and North, as
far as women's" clubs are concerned,
promises, to remain cemented for some
time to come-- Mrs. Lowe's management
of the j convention,' moreover, was mas
terful at every-turn. \
LOS ANGELES, May 6.— Tuesday,
. May 6, may be chronicled as the
day when Massachusetts club
.women saw all the, pet plans, for
.. ... which they had been fighting for
two'years go down before the vote of the
convention of the • Federated Women's
Clubs. The final protest* was given to the;
admission of -colored women's clubs,;' the"
effort, to down the individual club, as a
step" toward reorganization through State
federations, failed, and the plan to reduce
the per capita tax i'rom 10 to 5 cents was
snowed under. Massachusetts was defeat
ed at every? turn, while the women of the
South, who have led in the opposition,
particularly on the color and reorganiza
tion questions, are' happy. Indeed, the
dispatch with which the three, issues
were defeated, in the midst of intense ex
citement on both' sides, is a matter of
surprise even to tfce delegates who aided
in this result. " .,
The "What' Local. Federations
May Accomplish : in ! Civic Work" was
Thus Massachusetts is defeated at all
turns, and it may be said that the Mas
sachusetts amendments' which were
scheduled to have the consideration of the
convention, along with the compromise
amendments, were withdrawn this morn
ing. They were" pronounced', illegal,', in
that they proposed to-disfranchise mem
bers already In the federation., . =
*"We are far from our counsel," sal-1
Mrs. Anna West of Boston, "and rather
than contest the point we withdraw."
The matter of the per capita tax, which
is now 10 cents, and on account of which
several clubs have left the federation on
the ground that it is excessive, came up
In the form of an amendment, to make it
5 cents. This was lost.' as was also the
effort to reduce the taxation of clubs of
less than forty members to $2. The an
nual dues for State federations shall be
20 cents per club, as heretofore, and a
new clause provides' that dues for each
local federation of clubs'. shall" be. $1 per
Club. ¦ • •. - V' ; ¦ - • :* 'Vi
Invitations , were formahy presented
from the platform by Mrs. Williams of.
Minnesota that the next biennial be'-hela
in Minneapolis, and Mrs. Shields of Mis
souri extended, similar hospitality on be
half of St. Louis. = • s-
At the suggestion: of Mrs. Lowe it was
decided, to send the 'sympathy of .the fed
eration to Mrs. Potter Palmer of .Chicago
because of the death of her husband.
Just at the close of the . session Mrs..
Decker, upon request, was called to the
chair, and the greeting she received was
taken as evidence of her popularity as a
presidential candidate. ¦ • , i
Mrs. W. W. Peattilo of Georgia deliv-.
ered an address on '-'Work of Local Fed
erations in Philanthropy and" Reform,'
followed by Mrs. 1 Virginia. McClurg : of
Colorado Springs, who presented the work
of the Cliff Dwellings Association of Colo
rado.. , . • . . .
: The president shall refer all applications for
membership to the committee on membership
appointed by the board of directors for its
action upon the same. The action of the com
mittee on membership shall be In writing and
a unanimous vote -of the committee shall.be
required to elect. In case the committee falls
to agreed the application shall be referred to
the whole board,; the written vote of.two-thiraa
of which shall be necessary to elect to member
ship. ' " . I ,.> -
In the proposed adoption of section 3,
of article II, special indulgence of the
house was accorded Miss Jane Addams
of Hull Houae, Chicago, in that she had
not served sixty • days' ¦ notice of an
amendment to a present by-law. Miss Ad
dams wished to have two adverse votes
on the membership committee necessary
for the rejection of an application," in
stead of one, but this was lost. Tlje. sec
tion remains as heretofore, with barriers
around the .possible admission of . a col
ored club, and is as follows: :_¦;£»
¦ Each State or Territorial federation of twen
ty-five clubs or less shall - be 'entitled to be
represented by five delegates. Each State or
Territorial federation shall be entitled to one
additional delegate for every additional twen
ty-five clubs.
The first one, knowmas amendment sec
tion 9, article I, -.is -a triumph- fot the, in
dividual club as* against reorganization
through State federation, and, as finally
accepted,' after numerous attempts to
amend Xt. re'ads: U? , 4
'¦' Each federated club, '.national society or kin
dred organization of fifty members or less shall
be entitled to be represented by one delegate;
for a membership of flity and one
hundred, by two delegates, and for each ad
ditional one - hundred, members, one additional
delegate. ¦ ¦ £ ¦¦ -' ' < " ; "
Massachusetts. The other sections," ac
cepted this morning, were likewise vic
tories for the South." J ) - \\ -.'¦.¦' .
handled by Mrs. -Lillian Duncanson of Il
linois, who said In part:
The problems of one " community are much
the same, as thoae of another community and
an interchange of experiences is most helpful.
Through local federations the work of one club
may be given to another and general commit
tees formed with representatives from all
sorts and. kinds of organizations, making a
unity of interest and a combination of effort
that would be a great power.
K The federation meeting is the clearing-house
of the system. Accounts are balanced by ac
counts and credit given where credit is due.
It is an exchange of values and acts as a valve
on expenditures. Time is too valuable to
duplicate efforts as must be done where sev
eral organizations work along the same lines,
and an idealsystem is that of local federations
as centers, from which the direction of all
the . work shall emanate. ,
One of the afternon sessions, on "Value '
of Subordinate Federations," was in j
charge of Mrs. A. H. Thompson of Kan
sas. In closing her report Mrs. Thomp
son said: . .
Much has -already been accomplished by
lecal federations in civic work, and here, per
haps, their value has been most apparent to ;
the community, for good housekeeping, clean- •
lir.ess and love of beautiful surroundings are
essentially womanly virtues, and the . interest
in these things in the community as well as
in the. home is accepted as the natural province
of women. THis.work is, however, still In its
Infancy, and will increase in ever widening cir
cles of influence and opportunity. ;
If the subordinate federation would open its
doors not only to clubs devoted to study, but
invite all those interested in either philan
thropic or educational movements,' including
the teachers of the schools and the boards of
local charitiee, the value of the federation
would be greatly Increased.
¦ Simultaneously another session on civil
service -reform was in charge of Miss Per
kins of . Massachusetts. Among the lead-
Ing speakers were Mrs. Sarah Platt
Decker, who presented the subject as it re
lates, to public institutions of charity and
correction, and Mrs: Thaddeus Stanwood
of Illinois, who handled "Civil Service Re
form in Our Public Scttdols."
Mrs. Stanwood argued that the teaching
of civics In the high schools should be so
arranged as to bring to the minds of tho
pupils the dignity and honor of civil ser
vice, and should leave in their minds a
practical and genuine desire to further
.the work of civil service reform.
This, evening the musical programme
tendered the biennial by the California
.Club women con$lsted of an Illustrated
musical lecture on "Wagner Festivals at
Bayreuth."
-An- all-day complimentary excursion
will be given the visitors .to-morrow. • In
the meantime Invitations for private so
cial functions and for sightseeing parties
after the biennial are as thick as buds on
a Los Angeles rosebush.
LOS ANGELES, May 6.— The Nom
inating Committee of the General
Federation of Women's Clubs,
after a" five hours' secret session,
. to-night, decided to place but one
ticket,- headed by. Mrs. Denison of New
York for the presidency, before \the con
vention. The ticket is as rollows 1 : •
Mrs. Demies T. S. Denison, New York,
Pr Mrs. ei Robert Burdette, Pasadena, first
vice-president. . ,
Mrs. Emma Fox, Detroit, second vice
president. ¦ _ . ' ,
Mrs. W. P. Coad, South Dakota, record
ing secretary. . - . >r *
SOME OF THE NOTABLE WOMEN
WHO ARE LEADING SPIRITS IN
THE GENERAL FEDERATION.
SOUTH ROUTS MASSACHUSETTS
IN THE WOMEN'S PARLIAMENT
THE SAN KCJAI/E;, WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1902.
2
DEATH CLAIMS REAR ADMIRAL WILLIAM T, SAMPSON
* * ¦ *
Economy in medicine must r be
measured by two ; things--cost
and effect. It cannot be measured:
by either, alone.; It is greatest in
that medicine that* dp.esjth.e|most ;
for the money^-that radically and
permanently cures 1 at the least ex-,
pense. That medicine is :
Hood's Sdrsaparilla
It purifies and enriches the blood, cures
pimples, eczema and all. eruptions, tired,*
.languid feelings; loss ,. of appetite ¦ and
general "..:¦ -:','.;¦ !.. .' , '.• - .:- '.. -. "-.¦.,
Sarsaparllla promises .to
cure and 'keeps tho orbrnise. "
:¦'. •¦: ¦ '.-¦¦ . - ¦ --. -¦;•>.-.
/6O Doses
For One Dollar
j ADVEBTISE2CENTS.
VOTERS!
Registeiral Once,
All citizens mtist register to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m., and WEDNESDAY.
EVENING from 8 to 9. *
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
.Registrar of Voters.
H optical n
u-ork exclusively. We S^
5v« have the facilities— the f^^g
j g knowledge and skill to! ¦
: B produce the best of br^H
E^ spectacles and eye- p^SJ
y HOGUE-KINCki
OPTICAL CO.,f J
211 Post. St. alwe Grant Ar. gg
1 Richest
¦Flavored '
Coffee
50 6 Pound • • • Phone BujK 3 lO
* ME KONA KOFFEE ROMPANY
Agents
14-5 StOCKtOn St. ncarOewyit
OVf. City of Pswria Dry GoodJ Compa.Tiy
*m*. VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
J§?T**m> MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
«mt& »SA have been in usa over fifty
MS&W&w3aSL years by the leaders of the
RaFSifc "xlrSa Mormon Church and their
f£9«iv l ™'*£» followers. Positively, cure the
B'Ss'n JStS&S worst cases in old ar.d youn?
»^'*i'vFSM arising from effects of self-
1^\)M abuse. di?3lpatlon, excesses or
«£M (^>iSJ cisarette-smoking. Cure Lost
¦ *S§T?&i7 Manhood. Impotcncy, Lost
¦ TjgiKBraF . Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nla. Pains in" Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
1 Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
1 ry. Loss of Semen; imm Varlcocele or Con-
: atipation. Stop Ner • fT» tLJt ,Vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are 2Tl.m-rm immediate. ,Im-.
, part vigor andpote *•«¦« * • ncy to every.func-'
tton.' Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
' Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
' the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
: money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
' San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third st. ;
dvisiT DR. JORDAN'S great/
' {HUSEUH OF AHATOSYJ
' \ The Lirjest Anatomie*l Mujeam in the *
1 FJ mt~^~~»i w^rid. Wukneoes or any conirxcteri A
: 4 $Il~ fi D3 - JORDAN-DISEASES (1£ MEN A
I A I^^S Consultation free and sti icily priTat-. \
I r Jl A?S£ « If 01 ' 1 "*' 11 personally or by letter. A Q
' \ a » II H "*"">* C*r* in every case undennken. T
I 1 m V a 11 w AV " te fnT C?1OK - rnaosos'ti y «f A
I ";' J |l~ HARHIACE, MAILSO tXZZ. (A.X
A u IS- valuable book (or m'n ) \
1 1 Van. Jonn a n «s «;&.. icoi Mnricptst.s. f. v
•,i — — — — — — — ' '
I \ thia eignafcore is oa every box of the gtsanias
1 Laxative Broino=Quimne Taiiet*
' thi remedy that enrcs a cold Incae day.
ADVgTlSEMEirrS.
Nerve-racked, weary and
I heavy-eyed, the head that
'seeks repose finds only
. tossing and fever-
. ish 1 unrest. Strange fancies
i_ Ivague forbodings— -fill
the mind 'with harrowing
•thoughts until morning
brings its rasping headache,
irritable temper, and loss of
. appetite. » Rest the nerves —
build, them up — and
' ' gentle,, restful, refreshing '
sleep will be yours.
"My greatest trouble was sleepless ,
ness. I was nervous and restless, and
. would toss and roll for hours. Had
no ambition and had tc- abandon
- business. One bottle of Dr. Miles'
- Nervine pot me on my feet agam.
• Simon A, Gibson, Georgetown, Els.
Nervine
gives that sweet sleep so
grateful to body and mind, j
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
V Dr. Miles Medical Co, EBchaxt, Ind.
AUCTION!
M RBEIN R, E. CO.
813 CALIFORNIA STREET.
THURSD/\'V, 7V\/\^V IStIi
12 O'CLOCK M. SHARF.
Cor. Geary and Laguna — 7 Superb
Lots, All Sunny.
'...,-. ; 137:8 ¦ ~T| 4
27:8 I 27:6 27:6 27:6 27:6
GEARY STREET-
PACIFIC AVE. — HOME OP JUDGE "W. C.
VAN FLEET.
27x127:6—3721 Pacific. W of Scott; 12 rooms.
3 baths: hardwood floors; furnace, range, bil-
liard room, reception hall, etc.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
27:6x132:6 — 2914 California, sunny side, west
of Broderick: 0 rooms, bath, laundry, etc;
good yard,
JOIT. JONES ANI> FILBERT— REJJT3 S63*
41x70 — NE. cor. Jones and Filbert: 4 flats;
marine view; 'bank mortsaso can remain; 990-
996 Filbert. '
LEAVENWORTH. NR. ELLIS— Rents $57 5a
22x86:6 — 310 and 312 Leavenworth. For ab-
sclute certainty of advance ln value no location
superior to this.
21st-STREET FLATS— RENTS $30-
25x100 — 2932 and 2934 21st St.. N. line, east
of Treat ave.; each flat & rooms and bath.
S. "W. COR. 17th and CHURCH.
100x100. with store and residence improTe-
merits 3711 to 3717 Seventeenth St., or will
sell corner. 55:6x100 and adjoining lot oa
Seventeenth st.. 44:6x100.
BUILDING LOTS— CASTRO AND 19th ST3.
45xSO — West line of Castro. 30 feet N. of J
19th. in 1 or 2 lots; also 45x75. N. Una of
10th W. of Ca3tro, in 1 or 2 lots.
TWO DIAMOND-STREET LOTS^ — BARGAIN.
Two lots, each 25x115. west line of Diamond,
310 feet S. of Twenty-first street.
LARGE DOLORES- STREET LOT.
30-6x117:6 to an alley— Mission sunny belt:
east 'line of Dolores. 122 N. of Twenty-second.
Jolces is one of the widest streets in the city.
GEART-STR--ET CORNER— RENT $34. Q
*>5x92— 2295 Geary and 1318 to 20 Broderick:
suitable for grocery; $3000 bank mortgage caa
remain.
Ku QSssov • b9 hBhqb£1 IiVsL
CM fiflBHBun M ¦^BW. m&Vl&tEM El
M flmf • n^B B m$i Jt\
1 DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL'
DISCOVERY
FOR THE .
1 BLOOD,LIVER.UJNCS?
ISM CHICHESTER'S CNQU8M
PeHHYROYAL P3LIS
D »«^y^ik <= **** ® r '*' a *> Ma Only Kenuino.
lfJ,,*>',O,3AFZ. 41WBTsr«llabla. Ladles, ut Dra-rfr*
fr**^^ 1 " MD «<l Gold 1 B^ulUo bo«.. miU
fn *» S^«^?" # ?»«"<«*«««i» •«* imltM.
yVVVVV\VlW A JVVVWVMAAMVVVWV
|£|J>siS>P INJECTION. 5
V A PERMANENT^ CURE X J
a of the most obstinate caaes of Gonorrhcea 5
\ ? ant l Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 • to 6 5
5 d»j» ; no other treatment required. >
5 • Sold by all draggists. — S
X^^ WONQ WOO,
•ftO CHINESE TEA AND HERS
'*¦•' Vfe^T' SANITARIUM.
¦jjS&fehl 76^6S Clay St., S. F., CaL
ALL DISEASES CURED
_ 'VJ&uJ^M* £ t\ exclusively by Chinese
n $.*: °7. er 30CO var >«tie» being used. Hours.
l>:3a to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
Ti D TT Q IJ 17 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DIlUOilJEiO «•*• bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, " candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
nar.fcers. printers. ¦ painters, shoo factories,
stablemen, tar-rcof era. .tannera. tailors, etc.
biJCM A:\AV BUOi.
Erush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramsnto St
uy. t. hess,
KOTASYy PUBLIC 1H3 ATTOKSSY-AT-IiAW.
Tenth FIocr.Room 1015, C!au3 Spree Jcels EldJ.
Telephone Main 0S3.
Residence. S21 Caltrornia st.. belo-w PowsU.
Residence Telephone, James 1501.
DR. KILMER'S SWAHP-ROOT.
WHATTMMlOmF 7
To Provs What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-
Root, Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
\ May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
• W. F. Lohnes. a prominent business man of Springfield, Ohio, writes the fol-
lowing strong endorsement of the exeat kidney remedy, Swamp-Root,* to the edi-
tor of the Springfield. Ohio. Republic:
'. Springfield, Ohio, Feb. 21,' 19011 "
"Having heard that you could procure a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, free
by mail. I wrote to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, If. Y.. for a sample bottle and™
it was promptly sent. I was so pleased after trying the sample bottle that I sent j
, to the drug store and procured a supply. I have used -Swamp-Root regularly for
some time, and consider It unsurpassed as a remedy for torpid liver, loss of appe-
tite and general derangement of the digestive functions. I think my trouble was
. due to too close confinement in my business. I can recommend it highly for all
.:. liver -and kidney complaints. I am not in the habit of endorsing any medicine, but
In this case I cannot speak too much in praise of what Swamp-Root has done 1
for me." ' ¦ .;. ¦ . • .
(W. F. Lohnes) f f Ar ft//5^^>*/?
43# West High Street * "• %/ c -H^ V J^/Z/UL^-y
~ JE5 e Id ?£? extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and bladder
• is^h,?5b^rt5. s^%^& > 2ffer lteed - % stands ih^ gsMbs its
-' new E dis^-^^r N KTin;r r^ ££ *J!V Ic ! E 6 l " feeI bad!y> " begln taking the famous
new ciscovery. Dr. Kiln»er s Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys are
well they will help all the other organs to health. A trial will convince Anyone
rj Tou may have a sample bottle of this wonderful remedy. - Swamp-Root ' sent
absolutely free by mall, also a book telling all about Swamp-Root and containing
many of the thousand? upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men
and women who owe their good health, in fact their very lives, to the great cura-
tive properties of Swamp-Root. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bin K hamton N
Sll SUre l ° Eay y ° U rCad thiS senerous offer in Th e San Francisco Daily
If you are already con\inced that Swamp-Root is what vou need you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
Kilmer s Swamp- Root, and the address. Binghamton. N. Y on every bottle • '
1 JsM hp tpmnfpH
; .Itt^^H by beauty alone
1 7 S3^^^Ai^>\\ Wi B& Sj?s7«^ Many dealers, in. order to tempt a buy-
{ :=s^SgC-^~'^^ffiOlwf /fAzs T 1 er > offer for sale a fine, showy piano at a
<j tZTT^-Tg^^^^WjgLfn I Vtlyf / low price. Outward appearances count
•* 1 *.l .""^^V-rd^: ', /A&\(&X)l f , ! for little. It is the perfect construction of
} ~EES==3^ ! ' ! 'li the j n^erlor of a piano that makes it
i >-^~ jyff ¦*LKU.A*'*>g A PIAXO. Buy from us a Steck, Ever-
iinwwL'i^— j^^'^^'ij^^ ,", ett> Hardman, Packard, Conover or a
* -"^'•T- ~7i^T? % ** - 1 n°niir i*SSi w and is 'as good as it is handsome.
931 Market **t.. San. Francisco.
ALL MARKET-ST. CARS STOP IX FRONT . OF . OUR . BUILDING/MAN WHO IS WANTED BY THE
POLICE FOR THE MURDER OF
NORA FULLER.. '
Racehorses at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO; May 6.— Two car loads
of horses have arrived ; from San Fran
cisco and Oakland to tafte part in the
spring meeting at Agricultural Park next
weekT to be run in connection with the
fair. Prominent members of the Sacra
mento Driving Club, which is to have
charge of- the races, say. twelve more car
loads of horses will arrive within the next
few days. It is expected the meeting will
be one of the largest ever held in Sacra
mento. • a '
Ariel Club Boxing Eouts.
Milton Hayes will referee jthe fights at
Mechanics* Pavilion Annex to-morrow
night, held under the auspices ' of - the
Ariel flowing Club. Some . interesting
bouts are scheduled. Paul Martin and
Jimmie Little at 125 . pounds and Barry
and Young at 140 are the choice bits on
the card. In addition there are four
other bouts.
Promising Series cf Six Baseball
Games Begins To-Day on
Oakland Field-
Los Angeles and Oakland will furnish
amusement for the baseball fans this
week. The first of the series of six games
will be played on the Oakland diamond
to-day at 3:30 p. m. An unusually large
crowd will doubtless be on the spot, as
the cranks on the other end of the pond
have simply jrone wild at the success
Ewing's men have met with in the -past
four v.eeks of play.
The coming series of frames should
prove th« most interesting and exciting
the baseball public has yet witnessed.
Both Los Angeles and Oakland have
shown themselves to be the fastest ball
players ever seen In this State. Oakland
leads the leagrue. but one game would put
the Angels at the top of the ladder. In
EWING AND MOBLEY
TO FIGET FOS LEAD
the south, the Angels took four out of
seven games from Ewing's* bunch, but
away from home may make a difference
in the playing of the southern stars. Fol
lowing: is the line-up for to-day:
Oakland. Positions. Los Angeles.
Gorton ; . Catcher Anderson
Schmidt or Hodson. Pitcher. McPartlln or Slagle
Strelb First base Hanlon
Mohler Second base .Raymer
Devereaux Third base. ......... .Reilly
Francis Khortstop. ... ... Toman
Dunleavy Left field Hannlvan
" alters Center field. . . .Householder
McCreedie Right field Waddell
WASHINGTON SHUT OUT
•.; \BY PHILADELPHIA NINE
Plant Pitches a Great Game and Is
Sacked Up by Brilliant and
Perfect Fielding.-
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. May 6.— Plant pitched a
masterful game to-day, and, aided by brilliant
and perfect fielding, succeeded in shutting out
Washington. " Carrlck was batted freely and
his support was poor. Attendance, 19S3. The
score : • . .
•¦R. H. E.
Washington .'. 0 4 '5
Philadelphia.. ...;.. 11 15 0
Batteries— Carrick and Drill; Plant and
Powers.
BOSTON, May 6.— With one out and ' three
on bases in the ninth inning Freeman drove a
hot one past Williams, scoring . Parent and
winning the game. Dlneen was effective ex
cept In the second, while Foreman was batted
hard throughout. Attendance, 3S55. The score:
R. H. E.
Boston ; ; 5 VZ l
Baltimore ..' 4 (7 2
Batteries— Dlneen and Warner; Foreman and
Robinson. . , •.
CLEVELAND, ,May 6.— ThJ largest crowd
ever present at : a baseball game in Cleveland
attended the opening to-day, there being 11.740
paid admissions.- Both Griffith and Taylor
were hit hard. McCarthy's error gave Chicago
Ihe game. The score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 l.{ ;j
Chicago •••-,6 14 4
Batteries — Taylor, and Bemls; Griffith and
Sullivan. ¦ -. -t "•;;• *-.-.*¦
DETROIT, May C— Detroit-St. louls game
postponed on account of rain. ' ¦ -
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, May C— Up to the ninth 'in
nlng. Phillips and Chesbro had- indulged in a
genuine battle, with honors about even In
the ninth, however, . Pittsburg . bunched two
doubles, a triple and a home run, 'with a base
on balls, and won. Attendance, ' 1100.- The
score: . , ,
Cincinnati ..'..,... .'...2 V ¦ u'J'--n
Pittsburs ...................... ..o g o
Batteries— Phillips and Bergen; Chesbro and
Zimmer. Umpire— Emslie. .
CHICAGO, May 6.— Chicago-St. Louis gnme
postponed on account of rain. . --
Eree'-View : off Big 'Trees.
' ' SANTA'CRUZ, ¦ May, 6 APor" many years
there : was" a ] public; road through/' the tfa
mous \ BigiTree' grove, * but', for some time
it has been closed to travel by gates, placed
by.; one * of i the i owners s of ; the I grove • and ? a 1
charge I made -; for ~ J admittance *-, to * see ;. t he
forest giants, y To-day^the Supervisors ¦ or
dered '% the ;i obstructions ~j removed ; and ; in^
structed District'Attorney.Knight'to bring
suit, If necessary,' to keep the road open, v
Baseball Cases in the Courts.
> ST. LOUIS, May' 6.— In : the . Circuit
Court , to-day. Judges Fisher and Talty
denied $ the 'application for an '.'¦ injunction
made by the National League , to restrain
Shortstop i Wallace/Pitcher w Harper, and
Center Fielder Heidrlck from playing
with 'the '.St. y Louis ' American League
team. v -The ; .decision of each Judge- is
basedort a lack. of mutuality of the con
tract, its abrogation of ; personal * liberty,
which",' it is declared .may not be bartered
away;, its opposition to public .• policy,
and its showing the' existence of a- com
bination . in violation 1 of the anti-trust I
laws. .This last showing Is stated by t,he
¦decision; to be fa; sufficient ;bar<to the en
forcement of the contract were it .valid. . '
. PHILADELPHIA, May 6.— The ; Com
mon'Pleas Court entered a degree to-day
refusing "to allow 'the appeal ». taken r; to
the '. Supreme Court w • by S Second "Baseman
Lajoier and : Pitchers Bernhard and Fraser,
the t enjoined ¦ players of the - Philadelphia
American League Baseball Club, , to - act
as a supersedeas.' v The effect T of "the- deel-'
sionUs'that-LaJoie/ Bernhard and Fraser
are to continue to obey the injunctions re-'
straining them from playing on any other
than the ¦ Philadelphia v National. : League
Club until a' final settlement of .'the case
ls'made.,
A fight. to a finish was arranged Jn this
city yesterday between Jack Root , and
George Gardner, the middleweight box
ers. The men are to meet in : Nevada on
a day. between the 2d and the 6th of July
This is the first finish fight arranged in
America since the memorable world's
championship ',- battle between Fitzsim
mons and Corbett at Carson, on March
17, ,1897. ¦'. . Senator A. Livingstone, who
framed the law permitting finish fights in
Nevada, has been here several days ar
ranging, the details of the fight. He was
interested with' Dan Stuart, in the for
mer affair.'
He met Alex. Greggains," representing
George Gardner, and Western "AI. Smith,
representing Jack .Root, at Harry .Cor
bett's last night, when the articles 'were
signed. Mr. Livingstone offers a purse of
$5000 for the fight. Of this the winner,
will receive 75' per cent and the loser 25
I>er cent. „
The men agree to weigh in at 9 a. m. on
the day of the 'fight at 165 pounds; give or
take two pounds. The referee is to -be
from : this city and is to be selected by
the men ten days before the contest. Tho
boxers agree to be In' Nevada three weeks
before the 'contest and will do most of
their training there.
The fight will take place in" the daytime,
.probably in Reno or Carson City.
George Gardnerand Jack
Root Matched
for Julv
As Mr. Hartnagle of the Driard Hotel would
not let Palmer cut out the pages -from the reg
ister I had Palmer make traces, which I in
close.
Inclosed yon will find receipts for.the sum of
$10 25 forwarded by you for the plate of Had
ley. Yours truly. J. M. LANGLEY,
Chief of Police.
Detective Palmer's report te as follows:
Detective Department,
City of Victoria. B. C. May 3, 1002.
J. M. Lancley, Chief of Police — 81ri Acting
upon your instructions of the 1st inst., I inter
viewed the DroDrletor of the Driard Hotel, G.
A. Hartnagle. who said he could not allow the
leaves of his register to be cut out. but he would
be pleased to loan Captain Seymour them on
condition that they be returned to him Intact
when finished with. I inclose tracings taken
from the registers of Hadley's signatures, two
of each — one copy taken by myself and one by
the hotel clerk, John H. Smith, who was cl«rk
in 1899, and remembers Hadley and can swear
to the signature. I interviewed Marsden, the
news agent, who says that Hadley was smooth
shaven when here, but he came into his store
one day wearing a dark false mustache, which
he explained that he wore for devilment to fool
girls with. I also saw Saunders, Oe hackman,
who says he never saw him with beard- or mus
tache, but says Hadley had sore eyes; that the
bartender, Vaughan, gave- him a souvenir beer
glass of the Brown Jus saloon; that Hadley
left -on the Vancouver boat . one night, was
drunk and never left the boat and returned,
here, which would account for the two entries
in Ausust. 189C. Tours obediently,
THOMAS PALMER. •
Detective Serjeant.
Chief .of Police "Wittman Issued a cir
cular yesterday furnishing an excellent
description of Hadley and formally ac
cusing him of the murder of Nora FuIIt.
The circular also bears several exemplars
of .Hadley's handwriting "and a sample
of ,the handwriting of the man who sicn
ed himself C. B. Hawkins. These circu
lars will be scattered; broadcast over tho
land.
between the ages of 14. and 16 'years to
his rooms.- - .
L,lttleby little-Detective Gibson Is cor
roborating i the story told .by ¦- Ollie Dixon,
who ) lived : with Hadley : : as . his wife for
more' than a; year, and who first directed
"suspicion .Jn. "Hadley's direction. In her
statement to the police Mrs. Hadley,. as
she was known, stated that she at one
lime found a little girl in Hadley's room,
and on learning that she was wilting for
Hadley, Hadley's alleged wife ordered her
to leave 'the' house. The Dixon" woman
said' in her, statement to the( police that
Hadley's visitor., was a young girl. De
tective Gibson and Captain Seymour, who
have been working on the case personally,
have located the girl whom Hadley'-s mis
tress,found in' the room. . She confesses
that she had visited Hadley at his apart
ments,- and also | gave" other valuable in
formation which Captain Seymour refuses
to divulge. It- is known, however, that
Hadley gave her a pair of diamond ear
rings . and a gold watch and tried to In
duce'her-to run away from her home
and go with him to Honolulu. This young
girl is • said to know something important
concerning Hadley's ! connection with the
murder of. Nora Fuller, and for this rea
son Captain Seymour will not- at present
make known her identity.
EVIDENCE IS DAMNING^
Handwriting. Expert -Kytka has secured
another large batch of the missing man's
handwriting, and he has made several
more important discoveries, .tending 'to
prove that Charles B. Hadley Is the man
who rented the house on Sutter street and
Inserted the advertisement in the newspa
pers. Up to the present time Captain Sey
mour has succeeded In securing some very
strong evidence against Hadley— evidence
that will undoubtedly be sufficient to send
him to the scaffold if he is apprehended.
Captain Seymour is of the opinion that
Hadley has made his escape to Mexico,
where he fled fourteen years ago when
he got into financial trouble in*Chlcago.
At that time he wore a false mustache
as. a disguise. . The .theory is advanced
that ever since then he has at various
times been compelled to wear a false
mustache to avoid .detection by people
who came to this city from Chicago and
who knew him there.
DISGUISED IN VICTORIA.
That. Hadley was in the habit of wea/
ing a false mustache is no. longer de
nied. While ih Victoria in 1899 he went
into the store of the Examiner agent at
that place wearing a false j black mus
tache, and when asked why he wore the
disguise replied: "Oh, just to have some
fun with the girls."
Chief of Police Langley of Victoria has
been doing all he can to assist Captain
Seymour in working up the case against
Hadley. He has sent tracings of Had
ley's signature on the register at the Ho
tel Driard, which correspond exactly to
the signature of C. B. Hawkins, which
Expert Kytka says Hadley wrote on the
rental contract at Umbsen's. Captain
Seymour is anxious to get the page of the
register on which the signature is written
and he has' requested the police of Vic
toria to induce the proprietor of the hotel
to allow them to remove the page of each
register upon which Hadley wrote his
signature on his various trips to Victoria.
Following is a copy of a letter received
from Victoria yesterday and also a re
port made by Detective Palmer, of that
place; .
HANDWRITING SECURED.
-> John- F.j Seymour. Captain of Detectives, San
Francisco,' Cal. — Dear Sir:- In' answer to your
letter of the 26th ult.. I Inclose copy of 'report
No. 2 by Detective ' Palmer.
VICTORIA. B."C..""May 3, 1002.
THE police now- openly charge
Charles B. Hadley, the' missing
accountant and bookkeeper of the
| Examiner, with the brutal; mur-
der of Nora Fuller. Chief of De
tectives .', Seymour: has located^ a promi
nent citizen, . whose -name he refuses" to
divulge at this time, who saw Hadley and
Nora Fuller together near the corner of
Grant avenue and ¦ Geary street a short
time before she disappeared.' This im
portant^ discovery is, perhaps, the first
positive^ evidence that' has been unearth
ed in connection ' with the | investigation
into Hadley's connection with, the mur
der. Detective Tom Gibson found the
man, who makes the. startling statement
that he saw Hadley with Nora Fuller,
and. both Gibson and his superior officers
are satisfied that their witness is riot mis
taken. For reasons best known to them
selves the police do not intend' to give out
the name of .this witness. There has been
a powerful influence at work to obstruct
the police department in investigating the
case against, the missing man, and this
perhaps accounts for the refusal of : the
detective to divulge the name of the new
and important .witness.
RECOGNIZED HADLEY.
The witness in question is a respectable*
business man' and bears an excellent-rep
utation for truth and honesty. He knows
Hadiey well, and when he I saw him ac
companied by a young girl, rather oddly
dressed, he took particular notice of her.
He says he spoke to" Hadley, who bowed
and looked rather sheepish, supposedly
for the reason that he was a bit abashed
at being recognized by a friend while in
the company of such a little -girl. .'The
man in question has examined Nora Ful
ler's photograph in the costume she wore,
when she left home to meet the mythical
Bennett, and he positively; identifies it as
a likeness of the girl whom he saw in the
company of Hadley on either January 11
or the day before. The picture shown
this new witness was the one taken ex
clusively for The Call.
The day after the finding of : the body
Nora Fuller's clothes were placed on an
other girl, who posed at the suggestion of
The Call. A, likeness of the head of Nora
Fullerwas pasted on the photograph thus
taken and then rephotographed, the re
sult being a life-sized pictured the mur
dered girl as she looked the day she met
her brutal slayer. • , .
GIRLS VISITED HIM.
Captain Seymour and his detectives
have also unearthed other important evi
dence which brings the crime closer to
Hadley's door. The investigation into the
missing man's manner -of living
has borne fruit. The police - have se
cured positive' information that Hadley
on more than one occasion enticed girls
FINISH FIGHT
FOR NEVADA
flor e Evidence Is
Brought to
Lignt.
physician or a Protestant elergyman: wears dia
nirind ring and diamond, shirtstud; generally
wenrs collar and ¦necktie* as shown in photo
graph, v
GENERAL .APPEARANCE — Walk* with body
very erect, but with head tilted forward; one le«c
is slightly bowed, and it shows when he walks;
is a man of pleasing address, good conversation
1st, correct, language as to grammar, fairly good
edncation. • • ¦ . t
HABITS AND PECULIARITIES — Cohabited with
a ' woman not his wife during . one year prior t«
his disappearance; resided in lodging-houses lo
cated in questionable portions -of the city) his fe
male companions -were inmates of houses of pros
titution, or other women of loose character; he
drank heavily at times, often remaining drunk
for a week; he spent his money freely,' and was
considered a good fellow by the 'men and women
with whom he associated » he ate at 'restaurants,
and always had his meals eooked to order, avoid
ing the regular bill of fare; he generally ate beef
steak, and would nc-ver eat the tenderloin portion
of the steak: he was fond of salads, and of fried
chicken and chicken prepared with mushroom*;
he always carried a newspaper in his coat pocket ;
he : sometimes wore false mustaches, and had then
made to his order.
• HISTORY— During the . fourteen years prior to
his disappearance - Hadley was employed as a,
bookkeeper by the San ' Francisco Examiner, a
daily newspaper, and for some time prior to his
disappearance he was subscription cashier for that
paper.; His mother's name is Mrs. John Start
(widow), -who now resides in Chicago, Illinois, U.
S: A. . ' :-. .:,- '- - • .
\ i 'All officers who shall receive copies of this clr
icnlar «rc requested to cause, a diligent search of
all hotels and lodging-houses, steamship and rull
•way ticket onices vrithln their respective Jurisdic
tions, '• for. the purpose of ascertaining the present
or prospective whereabouts ! of Charles B. Hadley.
It is further requested that any positive informa
tion touching. this matter be communicated with
out delay to thin department. In the event of the
arrest of any person suspected of being Charles B.
Hadley. 'a photograph and full description of the
suspected person should be at once taken and for
warded to 'this department.
GEORGE W. WITTMAJf, Chief of Police.
CHARLES B. HADLEY Is wanted by tills
' (leiiartment for the mnrder of Miss Elen
nor Maude Fuller, a ffirl 15 years of as*''
'Tlii» girl.'; who 'wan commonly, known as
Nora Fuller, loft her home In thin city on
. the afternoon of January 11, 1OO2,' In re
,...;¦ '. ; '.. • sponse.to n ncwupapcr advertisement for
•* .-. a young- tvbite i?irl to^take -care ;. of : a baby In ; a
good home and with n Kood family She wan to
meet'her, employer nt u reatnnrnnt In the bnnlnesn
portion of tKe'clty.. After . leaving: 'her home,-' the
• ICirl was not again - Keen alive. - On February 8,
19O2,tbe dead body \ of the -jrirl was found .In an
unfurnished house at 2211 Sutter street, this city.
.The bouse had, previous to' January .11, 1OO2, been
-•-,* rented and supplied, with: a' second-hand' bed and
second-hand bed- clothlnff. ¦ The -body of the ffirl
was found on this bed. The girl had been stran
. gled to death, and previous to death she had been
• sexually: abused.
.* On the niorninK of January 16, 1OO2, the San
Francisco newspaper* published extended nc
. counts of the mysterious disappearance of Elea
nor Maude Fuller, toR-ether .with portraits of the
K grlrl. On that day also Charles II. Hadley mysteri
ously disappeared from San Francisco, and has
not since been seen. This department, acting: upon
evidence now in its. possession, 'accuses. Charles B.
¦ Hadley of-the mnrder of Eleanor " Maude , Fnller,
. and flcmandN.his arrest . and detention wherever
..lie may be found. ~, v
. PEilSON"., DESCRIPTION OP CHARLES B. HAD-"
LEY— American; apparent afire, 40 years; Jieijrht
about '5', feet. 0 inches;- weight abont ISO pounds;
hnir dnrk.anid tinged xvlth array; parted on risrht
side and 'combed', flat, as ; per . photograph! 'face
square nnil full, and without beard or mustache;
chin square and: slightly dimpled; month large
and straight j nose rather -broad, bridge" sllgrhtiy
. humped, base slightly flattened, .point of ' base
• ,hangs below line of nostrils; ears medium large '
and prominent: eyes gray, medium large and well
open. " . . ' -'¦"¦.
MARKS AMD SCARS— Irreicnlar oblique scar,
right upper lip; thin scar, right eyelid j slight droop
¦ to right eyelid; : concave Irregularity, lower riin
right car; mole, center of throat. - •
' DIJKSS — Geiurnlly wears plain business suit of
good material, but has,- been known to " assume
garb .'which' gave him ' the appearance of either a
FORMALLY ACCUSES HADLEY OF MURDER.
F u g i t j y e Boo k=
keeper Accused
of Crime. :Ja|
POLICE FIND WITNESS WHO SAW CHARLES B. HADLEY AND NORA FULLER
TOGETHER A SHORT TIME BEFORE THE MURDERED GIRL DISAPPEARED
THE': SAI^
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| CURES W^^
Irsures Love and a Happy Home for
-All. ;...
. How any man may quickly cure himseif after
years of suffering from sexual weakness lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele,: etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vl*or
Simply send your , name and - address to iir
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building Detroit-'
Mich., and they will Rladly send the fr1e re l
celpt with full directions so - any .1 man • mav
easily cure himself at home. This ls v certainJv
a most generous offer, . and the , followin/r ex
tracts taken from • their dally mall show what
men think of their generosity:' ¦
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours . of recent date. :•-¦ I « have given your
treatment a > thorough test ' and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely < braced
me up. - I am Just as vigorous as when a bov
and you; cannot realize how happy I am." ¦
"Dear^Slrs: .Your method . worked beauti-
fully. *^Hesults were exactly . what \ I -needed
Strength .^and • vigor have completely ', returned
and enlargement is ' entirely ', satisfactory " > ••-• -
."Dear Sirs: Yours was received and *I had
no trouble In making use; of the receipt as di-
rected, and ' can truthfully : say ; it is a boon to'
weak men. I am greatly ? Improved • in i size
strength ; and vigor." . • ... ¦•'--.¦•-.'.
;'AH- correspondence : Is < strictly ".confidential ¦!
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The : recelnt
In . free r for < the ¦ asking and - they ¦ want everv
mim to have it. . '.-- .-.-- "-¦
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
A- car-load of Call Superior
Atlases i\an arrived and tliey
arc now' ready, lor dtstriba-
' tlon. .":' All sun«i^rll>ers to Tlie
Call- are entitled. to a copy of!
thin grreat book'nt the prem-
ium ' rnte bf ; ?1.;CO. Out of
toivn subscribers dcnlrlii^ a
copy; of .this splendid ' pre.ml
.ium.- trill be supplied on ie-
.eeipt' ..'of. J|fl HO. , AH
orders' tTill be Mbipped by, ci-
liress at subucrlber's expense.
'fc%! ¦?li H!^^^ Nine dollars buys in our store a suit , Jfljffl $wl$m
WM SI iilrS' ° f all " w ° o1 materi:ll > with a- proper curve fi|!i|l|||j i WmM
1#^^ 'iilill a P erfect set t0 the shoulders and a styl- 'jfpH llfflr^
ishhangto the trousers, as well as all W^mJWi//
¦Sy»||^ those other details which go to make a V< \^Si^H ¦'¦//
I |EBI choice of four materials in fifty patterns; lilSlfiif'/
' ¦ ' ¦ ' ' _^__' •' ¦ ' ¦''¦'*¦"" ¦'>¦.•' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦¦ ¦ ¦ "
¦ The suits are our own make; we are /M^ify^^Mi
'mSjkmb liin g ih^ m for^ n 'y * 2 ?° to i " tr ° duce MSmm^m
\lMMSSi' these novelties and prove to .you that trom /^"M^p^f^l
"^^^^" "maker to wearer" is the only economical '^^^^^^^-O
¦¦¦¦ : ®l^ :^i The:; suits come in bright, summery ' \1bS1S' '
Hi /it Ml patterns and are the neatest togs for little V3ifC vm*t
.Spring' .and v summer _. 'wi'T'iJ/v i-^— '» . >h Out- of - town orders
goo s a * e novv u T if fj 1 Ai m j| v filled for men's or boys'
formation end prices. 718 Market Street^ « n 9*«
Under Royal
tmMm, "THE GUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
is supplied to
His Majesty, The King of England
and to
H. R. H. The Prince , of Wales,
and served at all the Court Festivities,'
¦ _ ¦-?.._
,r ' 3 Days to Chicago.
y Comfortable tra^ehtvsf on" the r jr ':''
Galiforni^ Limited
is like the leisurely reaxiing of 2>c delightful illvLstrateidLook— Arrived '¦•May "S stmr Kai
sow,; from . Seattle .. and . Tacoma. . for Homtkoni?
and London. :_ • ... 6
•; SAIGON— Arrived May 4— Stmr Chinsr Wo"
from. Tacoma, .- via . Yokohama, Shanghai and
Hongkong-, for.^Condon.; . ¦¦¦,.."¦
„¦ QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 0— Stmr Oce
anic, from: New, York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. ¦ ¦' -.- - ; ;:; ¦ l , , . • . -.. . •
s- GIBRALTAR — Arrived May 5 — Stmr Hohen
zollern, from New York, for Naples and Genoa
> PORT SAID— Arrived May 0— Stmr AtholL
from Liverpool, : ; for Shanghai and Seattle
-BREMEN— Arrived May.. 0— Stmr c'assel
from -New. York. ,. .. -. , . ..
. -HAMBURG— Arrived May C— Stmr Herodot
from 'Seattle, Guatemala, etc, ' via Havre "•- ¦¦¦
i'MOVILLE— Arrived . May - C — Stmr Ionian
from St John, N:B, and. Halifax, for Liver
pool. •¦-: ¦ " : . v ¦¦•¦ , " . . .
- BOULOGNE — Arrived . : May 0— Stmr ' Pots
dam, from New .York,' for .- Rotterdam
:.~ NAPLES — Arrived ;.. , May • t$--Stmr ' Neckar
from-New -York. . " : - ., . . . '
Sailed May C— Stmr Georeic, for Liverpool;
stmr ...¦: Kronprinz-. Wilhelm, . for , Bremen, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Moltke. for
Hamburg, , via Plymouth . and . Cherbourg; strcr
Phoenicia, for Naples and : Genoa.- . i -..'.„=.
' NEW YORK— Arrived May, 0-r-Stmr Bremen
from; Bremen. , ¦-':.- « •' - i: . .. ,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA,' BC-^Arrived' May C— Jap stmr
Klnshfu Maru, from" China,- and Japan, ordered
into ' quarantine,! as Chinaman -'has smallpox;
schr .Victoria, with 143 skins; schr Zillah May,
with 75 skins. ¦'¦ •. " \" ' ¦- -
. s Sailed May 0— Jap stmr Iyo Maru, for Japan
and China. •¦': ". . * ?¦ • '
FOREIGN PORT.
TACOMA — Arrived May 0 — Stmr Mineola,
fromSan Francisco.
..Sailed May 0 — Br bark Pax, for • Seattle ; 'Br
stmr Braemar, ' for Vladivostok. ¦
SEATTLE — Sailed May 0 — Jap ¦ stmr Iyo
Maru, "for; Hongkong; stmr, Farallon, for Skag
way.
•" Arrived. May C— Slmr John S Klmball, from
San Francisco. ¦ ¦ A- -
. PORTLAND — Sailed May C-^-Stmr Alcalde,
for San Francisco; stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ • ' "¦?'*¦¦. -*..'¦ „ * '
PORT TOWNSEND^-Salled outward May 0
— Br stmr Braemar, 'from Tacoma, for Hong
konK; JUr bark . Kelverdale, from Seattle,- for
Queenstown.- ; : - ¦
• EUREKA— Sailed May 6— Stmr Eureka, for
San Franciaco: stmr Alliance, for Portland;
stmr Santa Ana, ¦ for Seattle; stmr Cella, for
San : Francisco.- ¦ . ¦
FORT BRAGG — Sailed . May 0— Stmr Na
tional'City, for San. Francisco. • ..
CASPAR— Sailed May U— Stror I-uella, for
San Pedro.' • ¦ . - • ,
DOMESTIC PORTS,
. , Tuesday, May. 0. *
•\Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, 10 days 10 hours
from Panama. ¦ ' .^
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NEW YORK, May 6.— Old England, fresh
from the Pacific ¦ Coast, and running In the
colors of G. B. Morris, won the Toboggan, at
odds of 15 to 1. to-day at Morris Park. Some
of the best : sprinters -in training were engaged
in this race. Ballyhoo Bey was favorite, but
performed badly, finishing away back in the
ruck. Results : .
First race, six furlongs— Bon Mot won, Khlta
second. Colonel Bill third. Time. 1:16.
Second race, the "Withers mile, selling — Dr.
Riddle won. Jack Demund second, Rough Rider
third. Time. 1:41. •
Third race, the Larchmont, last seven fur
longs of Withers mile — McDowell won. Grand
Opera second. Flying Buttress third. Time,
1;28&. Waterboy won, but was disqualified
°Fourth race, the Toboggan handicap, Eclipse
course — Old England won. Arsenal second,
Cervera third. Time, l:12-}4. '"h;
Fifth < race, four : and a half furlongs — Irish
Lad won.' Navasota second Rightful third.
Time, :64Vi- ~ -
Sixth race, the "Withers mile. handicap-
Kilogram won. Carbuncle second,. Francesco
third. Time, 1:41^.. .
ST. LOUIS, May 6. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, four furlongs, selling — Bear Creek
Won" Dlnoc second, Don Ernesto third. Time
:62%*. .
Second race, ji* furlongs, selling — Parnassus
won. Little Maner second, Maggie Clopton
third. Time, 1:18\4".
Third. race, four furlongs, selling — Goudy
won." Gchiemness second, Maltoferin third.
Time. :51'/..
Fourth race, one mile, purse — Alice Turner
won, Dewey .second, -El' Caney- third. Time
1:4a- .
Fifth" race, fix and a half furlongs — Peter
Duryea won, Tom Collins . second, Jake Weber
third. Time. I:25i4. . . /
.. Sixth .race, one mile and an eighth — All
Saints won, ."Wallabout second, Ida Ledrord
third. Time, 2:00Vi.
".CHICAGO, May 6.— "Worth summary:
. First race, one mile — Gra-my-Chre won,
Mihsa second, The Rabbit third. Time
1:54%. - ,.-,..-.
Second race, six furlongs— {Small Jack won,
Aratoma second, Dodie S third. Time, 1 :Zi%.
¦ Third race, five furlongs — Philo .won. Cour
age second, ¦ Dross third. , Time. 1 :07.
¦ Fourth : race, one mile and twenty yards,
handicap— '-Articulate " won. Hoodwink second
Vulcaln third. Time, ,1:51. ¦¦:'.: .
Fifth race,-' six furlongs — Braw Lad won,
Jerry Hunt : second, " Peace third. Time
1:213-5. , ,
Sixth race, ¦ mile and - one-sixteenth — Lava
tor won, C.'B.' Campbell second,' Digby Bell
third. Time. 1 :58 3-5.
V LOUISVILLE.. Ky., May 6.— Churchill
Downs.. summary: '
. First race, four and . a half furlongs Sav
able 'won. The? Plckett second. Grand Mary
third. .Time,;' :55%.v:. . , , ; •
. Second race, selling, . seven " * furlongs
Stuyve won, Klnloch Park second, Masterful
third.; Time.: 1:20. . . ". *_
",Thlrd race, / selling, one mile — Audophonea
won, Troador second. Cross .' Ties third.
'j; Fourth: race. ; Belling, four and" a half, fur
longF — Prince : of - Endurance won, Priam «>ec
ond. Senator Morrison third.'. Time. :&iy t .
.'Fitth, race, one mile — Monacka.won. Alide
M tecond. , Merlto third.*.. Time, • 1 :41 V4.
".• Sixth racs, '¦ five furlongs— Golden Rule ¦ won.
Foreda second, Prima "II third.: Time, .1 :01%.
OLD ENGLAND CAPTUBES •
THE TOBOGGAN HANDICAP
The Morris Horse Starts at Long
Odds and Defeats a Strong .
Field.
Court Adriatlco No. 137, Santa Clara — F. j Fer
rari.
Ccurt Silver Gate No. 13S, San Diego — J.
Conwell. M. Ernsberger, H. C. Fritz.
Court Dante Altghierl No.* 139, Los Angeles
— John Louizich, M. Orsati. . ¦-
Court Shafcta No. 141, Sisson — J. W. Sullo
way.
Court Sotoyome No. 142, Healdsburg — "W. F.
O'Leary. Ed Whitson. . ' ,
Court Jamestown No. '144, Jamestown— W.
H. S. Slontcker. . _
Court Saratoga No. 146, Saratoga— A. Rus
sell. ¦ • ' '
Court Serra No. \147, Santa ¦ Barbara — E.. M.
Burke, F. M. Silva.
Court Jackson No. 148. Jackson — A. Goldner.
Court Castroville No. 149.: Castroville — W. F.
McGuigan.
Court Sausallto No. 150, Sausallto— J. ' N.
Nelld.
. Court" Soledad No. 153, Soledad — W. D.,Mc-
Phie.7 ; ' ¦• ' ' .' ,;
Court San Lucas No. 154, Kings City — J. . E.
Reinhart. -
Court Merced No. 155, ¦ Merced — J.-'.B. • Ivers.
Ccurt Novato No. 157. Novato — E. R. Sam
uels. «. • . .
Court Madrone No. 158, Redwood City — John
J. Read, Charles Roller. ¦
Court Union No. 101, El Dorado— M.' T Da
vis. ¦ . ¦ , ' ' -. , ¦
Court Cavallotti No. 163, Stockton— G. Alle
grctti. .¦ >¦• . .
Court Mazzlnl No. 104. Sonora — H. J. De
voto. .. H ....
Court New Era No.- 1C5, , Oakland — Joseph E.
Ennls. . ¦ . ¦'¦"¦-¦,• '. .
Court Chris Brcmer No. ICO, Crockett— J.' M.
Lackey. • ;• -. ¦. .1-
Court Alcalde No. 167. Stent— F. J." .Young.
Court Vcrbano No. -168, Oakland— D. Mig
nola, J. B. Reboll.
Ccurt Grafton No. 1C0. Grafton— E. * A; Al
len. '¦¦¦«<•.". ' - . • '-.-¦.¦¦ .:...-. .. i
" Court Bakersfleld No. 170, Bakersfleld — J. p.
Grljalva. .-"•.-; " -
Court General ¦ Lawton . No. - 171. San • Fran
clhco — B; Thomsen, S. Zazzi. - . •
Court Donner"No. 173, . Truckee— Dr. G. W.
Bryant. . ; • ¦
Court Elmhurst No. 174, Elmhurst—Frank
Stcrer. • •'-':; ' .-¦¦' -. ¦¦¦'..¦¦»"•;-.-
Court Fullerton No. 175.' Fullerton — "Will lam
Schumacher. . • . : ¦ . (
Court - Palomar, No. 170, . Sari Diego A. P.
JohiiBonJr, . :¦..-. -",]'¦.¦ , ;
• Court - Grumento No. " 178, Los Banos-^-J. V.
Toscano; - ' . ¦
Court Tangerine •'.- No. 179, • Azusa— -C. ¦ D '
Sharp.-. • • :'';;-¦ . '.,'-'¦¦ ¦'-'.-. . . . ':'¦*¦ '¦
Court Mussel . Slough .No. ISO, Hanford— E ¦
L.- Sherman; '.^ ¦. ~ ' .- , ¦
Court Porter^'llle j No. • 181— Porterville— Zi
Fohlman.' . * ! ' .. ¦'•
C.ourt Mineral King No. 182, Viealia— -J TV
Emerick. * " , ' • ' .
Court -Pride of 'Selma No. • 184, Selma—
Charles, Schuwendt. ' . '¦¦'¦- - '. •! •. .._.
¦ Court . Snnger . No. 185, Sanger — N. T '-Sin-'i
gietcn. : . -! '*.j -
Court \ Sunflower No. 187, > San. Francisco— T
J. ; Emerj'. 1 • • ' ¦ - -: '
¦ ¦ Court Contra Costa ' No. 100, ' Antloch— A.'
Waldie.' -'.,'••• *
• Court Marsh i-No. 101, Brentwood— Fred
Gambs Jr. -¦ .•.-.-- ; :
Court Gilanda Margarita No.' 102 'Black Dla
mend — J. A. 'Junta. "
Court Fcrndale No. 195 Femdale^— S : G Xtz :
giler. V ' s
Court San' Benito. No.'- 108, Hollister^L"- C ¦
Hall. .'. ' : . '• ¦
Court - Vendome • No. 107. > San . Jose— "William
F. 1 "James. '•••'.. •',.¦••. •¦•. ¦?. ¦¦¦'¦ -¦¦.,.,
Court Sadl Carnot No. 198, Oaklandi-D. Mll
lctte. - - . •¦ . • ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦ .'.'.¦;--:-•>_
Court Cruz No. 01. Santa Cruz— R t
Blaisdell, H. D. Hall, George C. Staffler J a
Taylor. . - •, ' •
Court San Antonio No.'' 200, ' Pomona L r*
Hannum. ¦; . • ¦. v : : •• : •''.V*;
:- Court Crown. City No. 201. Pasadena— H 1 J
Munger."-' -.:-."•'-• ¦¦-:.-;>:-,..¦ "-...t -'.:,--;•¦. ..-¦'• •.',
Ccurt Tucson No. 4, Arizona— Felix Levy.
Eagles' Day at the Bakersfleld Fair.
Friday, May 9, will be Eagles' day at the
Bakersfield Street Fair and Carnival. Tickets
will be sold at Santa Fe office, 641 Market St.,
at one fare for the round trip for all trains
May 7, good to return until May 11. This Is a
good chance to visit . the San Joaquln Valley
and the Kern County Oil Fields.
r- The question of interesting the press
and public in educational problems was
the : subject of a -talk by Superintendent
Daub of Kern County.: j Superintendent
Robert Furlong L of Marin County epoke
vpon "School i Visitation— Its 'General
Purpose"; Superintendent J.B. : Brown
of Humboldt, upon "The Special-Pur
poses of School Visitation'.'; R. »A: Web
ster of San Francisco, : upon ¦ ','The Special
Mr. Hyatt of Riverside spoke on the
condition of school 'buildings, throughout
the State,.. referring especially, to their
generally, unkempt, appearance and the
absence of fences and paint. ¦ ¦, ... • -
We, the county and city superintendents of
California, in- convention assembled., send cor
dial greetings., to the - biennial '- session ¦¦ of
women's clubs, and extend to them hearty sym
pathy and co-operation in all educational work;
This resolution was telegraphed to Los
Angeles. :¦•-.-.«; . . •
The following resolution was adopted
Officers were selected as. follows: Chair
man, : State Superintendent | :.T.. J. ; . Kirk ;
vice president, Superintendent Mrs. Pearl
of Yolo; secretary, Superintendent George
L. Sackett of Ventura, and assistant sec
retary, F. F. Atkinson of Sacramento. s
Superintendent Robert Furlong of Marin
County, who responded in behalf of the
visitors, spoke of the beauties and re
sources of the garden spots of California,
and referred to Fresno as- the culminating
point. Superintendent James A. Foshay
of Los, Angeles spoke briefly for the city
superintendents. -
. FRESNO, May . 6.— The biennial con
vention'of city and .'county Superintend
ents of -Schools of California met to-day
in Einstein Hall. The meeting was called
to order by State Superintendent - T. J.
Kirk, who; immediately called upon. Su
perintendent Freeman of Fresno County
for a few remarks. . Freeman's address
was in ; the nature' of a speech of .welcome
on behalf of this county. He emphasized
the fact that the people as a whole were
beginnlng/to realize the good accom
plished by these conventions I and were
giving them hearty support.. City Super
intendent McLane welcomed the visitors
on behalf of the cltyof Fresno^" ;
At the 'close of the session Superintend
ent Daub of ' Bakersfleld : invited the su
perintendents to visit the Oil City. Super
intendent McLane of Fresno, In behalf of
the Chamber of Commerce, extended an
Invitation- to take - a drive through the
vineyards. -.This evening- a reception was
tendered the visitors in Armory Hall.
"Teachers'-Institutes" was discussed by
Mrs. J. E. Chbpe of Monterey County.
Superintendent P. W. Smith spoke on
"The' Collection of Subjects to Be Dis
cussed at Teachers' .Institutes," and was
followed by Superintendent E. E. Hill of
Salinas, who also spoke on topics ' con
nected with the . institutes. "Trustees'
Meetings and How to Promote Them"
was the subject of a talk by. Superintend
ent J. ¦' A. of Stanislaus County.
FRESNO, May 6. — John Bigot to-day pleaded
guilty to sattiiiR forest' fires, and was sentenced
by Judge 'Wellborn to six months' imprisonment
in the Fresno' County Jail. . .
Purposes Subserved by the City - Super
intendent's Visits."
In a dispatch from Rome, the corre
spondent of the^aily Express reports thnt
one man was wounded as a result of the
disorderly conduct at Trieste, of the four
sailors from the cruiser Chicago. The
men arrested were handed over to Cap
tain Taylor of the Chicago, continues the
correspondent, . who paid all claims for
damage against the American sailors.'
LONDON, May 6.— In a dispatch from
Rome the correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle says the sailors from the Unit
ed States cruiser Chicago have indulged
in disorderly behavior in. a cafe at Trieste.
Bottles and glasses were thrown about,
•says the correspondent, and four, of the
Chicago's men were arrested.
UNCLE SAM'S SAILORS
UPSET THINGS IN; TRIESTE
0AKL.AND," May 6.— Licenses to marry
were issued . to-day to . George | Brauer,
aged 30 years, San Francisco, and Caro
line Euler,'3O, Stockton; Brent A. Bolman,
38. and Tillle Miller, 26, both of Alameda;
Carl 0. Carson,. 26, and Amanda Olsen, 29,
both of San Francisco; Nathaniel A. Ek
lund, 22, Alameda, and Judith M. Olson,
21, Fruitvale. ,
Licensed t6 Marry.
; PHOENIX, Ariz., May 6.— Probably the
hottest city election that ever occurred
in Phoenix took place to-day. Two Coun
cilmen were to be chosen. The import
ance of the issue lay in the fact that if
the two Republican nominees were elect
ea it "would change the control of the
city government from Democratic to Re
publican, while if the Democrats could
elect one of their : men they would retain
control.- The -Democrats won by elect
ing N:- A: Sanders; M.' W?"Messinger, Re
publican; won in -the other ward.
Exciting Election in Phoenix.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, May €.— T he deliberations of
the City Council last evening were
stormy. A petition and affidavit were
presented by H. H. Griffiths, vice presi
dent and manager of the Stockton • Brick
and Pottery Company, which is bidding to
supply the city of Eureka with sewer
pipe for its new system. The affiant al
leged that a combination, which he called
the sewer-pipe trust, had been formed
against his company and that this asso
ciation, by improper means, had a clause
placed. in the specifications whereby the
pipe must be supplied within forty-five
days from the time the contract was let,
making It impossible for' any. one com
pany to ship the quantity of pipe neces
sary within the given time. He further
alleged that the city of Eureka would be
overcharged $15,000 for the pipe if the
specifications were not altered.
Serious charges were made against D.
C. McDonald, recently appointed sewer
pipe inspector. .In the affidavit the fol
lowing appears:
That affiant had several conversations with
said D. C McDonald from March 2(i to April
1 or 2 in regard to bidding- upon the pipe for
the eewer system of said city of Eureka; that
McDonald Informed the affiant that If he would
stand in with him he could get the contract for
furnishing the sewer pipe for the city of Eu
reka and that he had absolute control of the
Common Council of the city of Eureka; that he
cculd arrange for the sum of $8000' to get the
contract for eaid newer . pipe for the Stockton
Brick and Pottery Company; that be also could
have anybody thjit we should select appointed
aa the Inspector of sewer pipe, so that all the
said eewer pipe that came Into the city of Eu
reka, whether it be of first or second or third
claxs, would be accepted by said city of Eu
rtka; that this eaid conversation was had with
Bald McDonald on Wednesday, the 26th day of
March, at the Grand Hotel in San Francisco.
The affiant further declared that his
company rejected an offer of $2000 made
by McDonald in consideration that the
company put In no bid, and informed Mc-
Donald that it would enter into no such
combination.
Councilmen Buhhe and Coonan got into
a wrangle after the affidavit was read.
Buhne made a statement to the effect
that Coonan had a hand in the appoint
ment of the sewer-pipe inspector. Coonan
then walked over to Buhne's chair in a
threatening manner and declared that
any man who Insinuated that his motives
were not pure was a deliberate falsifier.
McDonald this evening denied by affi
davit the charges made against him.
Hansted Is Held to Answer.
When the case of Fred Hansted,
charged with an assault to do grievous
bodily injury upon Thomas Garrett, was
called In Judge Cabaniss' court, yester
day morning. Attorney Archie Campbell
for the defendant submitted the case.
Judge Cabaniss thereupon held Hansted
to answer before the Superior Court. At
torney O'Connor for the prosecution
asked that the bonds be fixed In $4000, or
$2(O0 cash. Attorney Campbell argued
that $1000 bonds or $D00 cash was ample
In the circumstances, and the Judee
agreed with him. 8
STOCKTON, May ,6.— The principal fea
tures of to-day's session of 'the .Grand
Court of the Foresters of America were
the street parade this afternoon and the
ball to-night in the pavilion. The street
pageant was participated in by fully 100ft
Foresters. C. P. Rendon of this city, wlio
is the supreme sub-chief ranger, officiated
as grand marshal. After the marchers
had passed in review Mayor Catts, on be
half of the citizens of Stockton, presented
the key of the city to Grand Chief Ran
ger John Heenan. Responses were made
by Mr. Heenan and Grand Sub-chief
Ranger Is. I. Wolfe.- both, of San Fran
cisco. . .
The ball to-ni&ht in the pavilion was a
brilliant affair, attended by 3000 persons.
The grand march was led by Mayor
Catts and wife.
The election of officers will take place
to-morrow and some keen electioneering
is being done by the aspirants .and their
friends. •¦ ; -¦ • ¦
The delegates to the grand body are:
Court Robin Hood No. 1, San Francisco-
Charles Caine and Daniel • Teare.
Court Aurora No. 2, San Francisco— E. J.
McDevitt and T. H. Webb.
Court America No. 3, San Francisco — P..
Hansen and Ras Rasmussen.
Court California No.. 4, San Francisco — A.
Burkhelm. - 1
Court Golden Gate No.- 5, San Francisco — J.
Calmann, H. E. Helneman. S. Lubliner and D.'
Sanders. i
Court Capitol of California No. 6. Sacramento
— C. G. Carlson, Phil Hirsch and H. W. M.
Ogg. • . .
Court San Francisco No. 7, San Francisco —
H. Goetz, M. Pander and Ben\Levy.
Court Pride of Grass Valley No. 8, Grass
Valley — W. J. Rowe and Frank Steel.
Court Garfleld No. . 9, * Newada City — B. A.,
Bost, T. J. Sandow and H. S. Sweeney. ,
Court Star of Woodland No. 10. Woodland —
C. B. Nichols and H. R. - Saunders. "..
Court Bay City I No. 11, San Francisco — J.
Kallman. *
Court Sacramento No. 12, Sacramento — John
Morris, C. A. Root and F. C. Van Walbeck.'
Court Eucleian No. 13, San Francisco — E. P.
Figel. . . ¦ s
Court Eclipse No. 14, San Francisco — T. .B.
Goodwin, J. Millmore and John. Quist. • . ¦ • . '
Court Hubertus No. 15. San Ptancisco^-H. ' S.
Canaris, P. A. Kamenz and EdRoemer.
Court Justice No. 16, San Kranclsco — TV
H/mberger, P. J. McVeigh and E. C. Sewell.
Court Shell Mound No. U, Oakland — Charles
Kiernan and F. McDermott. . -»
Court Inter Nos No. 18, San Francisco— J.
F«ppiano. J. F. Hallet and S. A. Whiter
Court Pride of Alameda I No. . 19, Alameda—
J. W. Bird and Ed Lange.
Court Golden West No. 20, San Francisco —
G. J. Stockwitz, R. Steinman, B. Scharff and
! G. W. Alexander. .- - • . . : . .
Court Zenith No. 21, San Francisco — M. T.
Alliman and E. W. Haughy.
i Court Defiance No. 23, San Francisco— k^rl
Cohn, Abe Coleman and P. J. Murphy.
Court Santa Rosa No. 24. Santa Rosa — H.
Fechtelkatter and D. R. Hodgson.
Court Harmonic No. 25, Oakland — H. Dohr
man.
Court Stanford No. 27. San Francisco — H. M.
Saundere.
Court San Diego No. 28, San Diego — E. C.
Bangs, George D. Goldman and B. F. Mead.
Court Magnolia No. 29, ¦ San Francisco — E,
Isaacs and C. L. Scharff.
"Court Los Angeles No. 30, Los Angeles — E.-
G. Comport and E. Heyes.
Court El Dorado No. 31, San Francisco — Wil
liam Bueneman and* Thomas £1 Gibbons.
Court Golden Eagle No. 33, San Francisco
A. Kidd.
Court Pride of Marysvllle No. 34, Marysville
— L. Ashley, G. T. Herzog and M. T. Harring
ton.
Court Star of San Luis Oblspo Noi 35 — -W. M.
John. - a". ... - .- .v . .: .
Court Golden Era' No, 36,. San Francisco —
M. Levey and L. L. Rey.
Court Washington No. 37, .San Francisco
F. Detherfsen, S. Grosslicht and Joseph Rlzzo
Court United States of ¦ America No. 38,
Oakland — T. L. H olden and . J. L. Palinbaum.
Court Olive No. 39, Los Angeles — H. E.
Elkeles and Charles Levy.- . .
Court Presidio No. 40, San Francisco— W. J.
Donlon and M. J. Magulre.
Court Mayflower No. 41, San. Francisco — J.
C. Irvine.
Court Yerba Buena No. 42. San Francisco
G. Waschle.
Court Bonita Xo. 43, San Francisco — S A
Byrne and R. Urbais. . "
Court Pajaro Valley Rose No. 44, Watson
ville — G. C. Cleveland, < Joseph Fay and A '. M
Martin. 1 & •
Court Peal Rock No. 45. San Francisco— E
J. Coffaney, J. Gallagher and E. W. Jakobs '
Court Oakland Np. 46, Oakland — E. W W
Baylis and H. A. Luttrell. '
• Court Del Monte No. 47, Monterey R. Sar- :
gent.
• Court Paragon No. 48, Napa— A. Ferrogiaro
and C. A. Maxwell. B
Court Fremont No. 49, Los Angeles — J h
Foley. . "
Court Castle Rock No. 50, Santa Barbara T
T. Gould and J. L. Moyer. .
Court Acme No. 51, San Francisco— A. J
Glover, R. Reinnelson.
Court Farragut No. 52, Vallejo — William H
Holzhauer, S. J. Riordan.
Court Palo Alto No. 53, San Francisco L
Kaufman,' M. Levy, .J.S. Meyer, j
Court Ban Jose No." 54, San Jose — P. A Mae
estretti, H.' E. Pratt. . . ¦
Court Columbia No. 55, San Francisco— J Q
Chase Jr., T. F. Tully. . - .
Court Stockton No., 56, Stockton — H. D Han
sen, J. D. Kalck. • . . ¦ . ' "
Court Hayes Valley No. 09, San Francisco
Thomas Donahue. . . , . .
Court Sherwood No. 60. Santa Clara — Georce
Dragbicevich, G. W. Whyback. „ .-..¦'
Court • Rafael No*. t!2, J, San Rafael — August
Boden. ¦ . •
Court Petaluma No. 63, Petaluma — M Flohr
H. Lezinsky.. . ., ¦ , . ..." !
Court Live Oak No. 67, San Francisco II
Jurgens, J. C. O'Brien.
Court Sunset No. 6S, Los Angeles — William
M. Barber. F. A. Muswich.
Court Santa Lucia No. 70. Salinas — H V
Muller. • ' *
Court Farallon No. 71, - San Francisco P.
Sermattl. - -. - ¦
Court Yosemite No. 72, Fresno — W. A Bean
T. E. Collins. H. L. Hall.
Court Marin No. 73, Tiburon — Henry TJnna
Court San LeandroNo. 74, San Leandro — H.
Abernethy. .
Court Port Costa No. 75, Port Costa — S. J.
Hutton. I ¦ ¦ . .
• Court Livermore No. 77, . Livermpre — W G
Beck. W. G. Rees.
Court Haywards No. 78, . Haywardi — J H
Dale, T- H. Thorndlke. /-
Court Barbarossa No. 79, San Francisco — ¦
Henry Haab, •
Court.- Eureka No.'- 80. Eureka — G. T. -Rolley
G. A. Waldner.
Court Pride of Colusa No. 81, Colusa — W. K.
de Jarnatt.
Court Colma No. 83. Colma — A. Sturla.
Court Century No. . 83, Oroville — G. N. West
wood.' .' ¦ . • ¦
Court Richmond No. 86, San Franclsco-^-A.
R. , Ahlborn. . ¦ '
Court Winters No. 87, Winters— W. V. Over-
hous£. . •
¦ Court. DIxon No. 89, Dlxon — W. V.: Duncan.
Court Teutonla No. 81, San Jose — Dr W
Di*tz. - ¦ • / ¦. • ' "•¦-..
Court Citrus No. 04, Riverside — R. J. Welch.
Court Forbestown No. 95, Forbestown — F. C.
Burroughs. • . ' ¦' - . : . '
Court Liberty No. 90, San Bernardino— J B.
Kltrine. - / . . .
Court Francalse^ No. ¦ 97, Los Angeles— F.
Puissezeer. ¦
Court .Rose Hill No. OS," Mountain View — J.
H. Owen.' ' . "•* r, .
Court. Neptune No. 99, Santa Monica— C. 7 J.
Marvin. i •-¦•'. ¦' ¦ ¦¦' • '•
Court Oak Park No. .100 — John Latourette.
Court Columbun No. 102, Los Angeles — D.
Antunez, B. N. Olivas. ; - '
- Court Cinnabar No. 103. Mlddletown— H.
Koopman. • : ..• •. -
Court Independence No. -104, San Francisco—
P. J. Gray. Edward Mitchell, H. McGrath. ,'
Court Tracy No. 105, Tracy — C Ramage.-*V
Court Sari Pedro — O. Jacobson. .- ; • - •:'
. Court Allsal No. 108. Plea«anton-^Lee Wells.
. Court Miguellto No. 109, Lompoc — W. L. Tal
bott. ¦ ¦• -• ' ' •- " - . ¦ .•..¦ r
Court i Nlles No, 110.- Niles— P.- A. Ellis; '
' Conrf Germanla No.-- 111.'' Los Angeles — Ed
St«<?tz. G. A. Zalser. v ¦ '
Ccurt C6nfltJence No." 117, Placcr\-llle-^-N.
Fox.'E. Shcppard. : '¦• - •
Court Mount Diablo.' Danville — R. Dobson.
Court Concordla ! No..'. 119, Sacramento— B.
Gespner, J.~ O. Steiner; '. -¦< *•¦¦ ¦: ¦
•Court Schiller No. - 120, Stockton — Henry
Puchmiller. ¦¦. " -i *
Court' Gem' of * Yuba Tfo.' 121, SmartsvlHe—
W. P. Cramsle.'^ ", ." .' 7 ¦ . ¦
Court Sequoia '• JCo. 128; Angels • Camp-^-G. B.
Court lone No. 131, lone — J. Neuman E W
Perkins. . , ¦ .. , .-•'., ' ,'
Court Ferrueclo No. 132, San Francisco— A
N. Codfglla. A. Michelottl. - -.
Court Santa Ana .- No. 133,' Santa "Ana— I
Gr^cnhach. ' ' .'."" . -. -" '.--. . .:¦ -.*'
Court Mokelumne . No. 135, Lodi-^-O ¦ H
Rrasoner.- ¦ ¦ '.• ¦ .- . . . ,-
Court Sutro Heightii ' No. • 138."' San Franclsoo
— W. J. Boradori.' J. J. Clancey. -. ¦ ;
Ida O. Hodardon (Crooks) and Herbert E.
Hodgdon to Minnie Schoenfeld (wife of
Adolph) lot on E line of Stelner street, 87:6
S of McAllister. S 25 by E 93; $10.
Adolph Schoenfeld to same, same; $5..
' Mary J Tracy to Helena M. O'Brien, lot on
"W line of Scott street, 100 N of Fell. N 23 by
"W 100;- $10. * '
Anna C and Joseph F. Brouchoud to Eliza
beth BWgen (wife of William), lot on S line
of Oak street, 162:3 W of Central avenue, W
30:10% by S 137:6; $10.
Butler E Shaw to Henry Bohls. lot on N
line of Fell street, 153:3 E of Ashbury, E 25
by N 137:6; $10. i
Mary Fosarty to John O. Dyar. lot on "W
line of Tremont avenue, 835 S of Srederlck
street. S 25 by W 80; $10.
George H. Moore, Marcella C. or Cora W.
Moore C. H. and Carrie L. Ollnger to Saul
and Josephine Helno, lot on E line of Portola
street M0 S of Waller. S 25. E 90, N 11. W
8:9 ¦ N ". W 81:3, lot 11. block 1. Marion
tract (hospital lot); $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Charles Stubbs. lot on N line of Four
teenth street. 75 W of Treat avenue, W 25. N
S3 585 E 25. S to beginning; $10.
Sarah E. Henderson to Nellie Tlrrell (single),
lot on S line of Liberty street, 152:6 W of Guer
rero, W 30 by S 114; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Estelle
Knox lot on W line of Guerrero street, 7T N
of Eighteenth. W 120:8. NW 50:3, W 7:8&, N
25, E 10. N 25. E 125, S 100: $ .
Annie . M. or Annie Boland et «1. to Ogden
Mills and Elizabeth Mills Reid (wife of White
law) lot on N line of Buah street. 137:6 E of
MontKomery. E CS:9 by N 137:6; $10.
Thomas R. and Annie L. Turner to Techau
Tavern Company (corporation), lot on W line
of Mason street,- 80 N of Eddy. N 57:6 by W
137:U; $10. . . ¦
Albert Meyer to Arthur D. Reynolds, lot on
W line of Seventeenth avenue, 100 S of H
street, S 25 by W 120; $10v . ¦ . \
Agnes S. . and Edward R. Taylor to Louisa
C. Smith (single), let on S line of California
street, 81:3 E of Webster. E 25 by S 137:0; $1<J.
Henry Raschen (by E. A. McDonald, com
missioner) to German Savings and Loan ' cio
ctety, rerecord 1716 D 75, lot on N line of
Grove 'street. 10ti:l% E of Larirna. E 31:4%,
N 120, W to point, S 76:2. E 0:9%. S 43:10;
$3283.
Sarah J. Yordi (Duffy) to Bridget Duffy, lot
on E line of Laguna street, 01:8 N of Pine,
N 22:11 by E 91:8; also lot on W line of First
avenue, 300 S of Point 10003 avenue, S 23 by
W 120; also lot on W line of Connecticut
street, 100 S3 of Colusa, 'S 100 'by W 100; $10.
'CJty and County of San Francisco to Hart
land Iaaw, lot on NW corner of Pacific and
Van Ness avenues, W 124:9 by t>6; $ .
TUESDAT, MAY 8.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
EDUCATORS MEET
IN RAISIN CITY
.•George Lake, thfc^aged. brother of the
deceased, is down with grief. "When the
surveying' party' first discovered the
plight of Charles Lake on the, opposite
side of the river, , they summoned the
brother to the 7 river t>ank. / It was only
by force J that he was restrained .from
jumping into the torrent and endeavor
ing to swim to the other side. . "
Dr. M. V. Higgins received the call at
the latter^place, attached a riding horse
to his buggy, placed a saddle in the ve
hicle and started. Traveling in his buggy,
on horseback and on foot, he reached the
cabin, and the time in which he made the
tripiof almost eighteen miles is conceded
a record-breaker for mountain . travel.
But he arrived too late. A few minutes
before he reached the cabin old man
Lake breathed his last. .;.-:.• ¦
PHYSICIAN'S QUICK TRIP.
The surveyors racked their brains to de
vise some means of reaching the wound
ed miner.; Finally they built a rude cock
swain s chair, and Charles^ Scutt under
t00 _ k the , feat ¦ of / traversing the
cable thereon. It was a- perilous
Journey and it took Scutt a half
hour to cross the three hundred- feet
of wire. His hands were badly lacerated,
but eventually - he reached the opposite
shore and hurled to where Lake was
lying, some distance up the river. He
took the old man to the cage and across
the river,. but first' tied up the wound to
stop the flow of blood. Lake was carried
on a litter up the steep hillside. When
more accessible , ground was reached,' one
of the men was sent to Yankee Hill, six
miles away,, to telephone for a physician
at Cherokee.
WOUNDED MAN'S PLUCK.
The gun fell to the cage below, but
Lake held. to and reached the top of the
ladder and made his way half a mile -up
stream to '.where he knew a surveying
party was located on the j opposite bank.
The roar of the. water prevented the sur
veyors from hearing his calla, but they
saw he was wounded and hastened down
stream to the cage, only to find that it
was on Lake's side of the watercourse.
Ihey could see that the old man needod
assistance -badly, but the attempt to
swiiu the North Fork meant almost cer
tain death. ¦ ... .
Lake, who was '71 years old, had lived
'». a eorge of the North Fork, of Feather
River for fourteen years, eking but an ex
istence by scraping the: bedrock of pla
cers-abandoned by the. early- miners. He
lived , alone until last autumn, when a
brother from Boston, nearly as old as he,
came to share his cabin. Lake started on
Sunday morning to visit a place across
the river and took his shotgun. There
is no bridge over the river, but a cage
supported by a cable above and suspend
ed on. rollers affords a means* of 'crossing
the swift stream. Lake had reached the
o PP? s lte shore and had begun to climb a
ladder of about twelve rounds, 1 which led
to the rock above, holdinghis gun by the
Barrel, when the weapon was discharged.
The load passed through his right arm
above the elbow, tearing bone, flesh. and
muscle and leaving the meihber hanging
by a shred; on either side.
:OROVIL,LE,'May'6.— Coroner Bulllngton
of Butte County has returned - from . a
trip of twenty-four^ miles into an almost
inaccessible part .of .'.=¦ the , mountainous
country, north of this place. He went in
answer to a call' to take*chai-ge .of : the
body, of Charles Henry Lake, an old mi
ner,:; who was killed .by; the accidental
discharge of a shotgun on;Sunday morn-
Ing. I The story that Coroner Bullingtqn
tells; though sad. is interesting in its de
tails of the heroic efforts made to save
the man's life. ; . . ' :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Johnson was about 18 years of age. His
father is a longshoreman and resides on
Telegraph hill. Ulbrich went out on the
launch only for a pleasure trip. He is a
waiter by occupation and resides at 441
Minna street. » *
When, the accident was reported at the
Crowley boathouse another launch, under
the command of Willie Tegari, was sent
out to ' search .for Johnson, but not the
least trace of ' the engineer' or of any
wreckage was found. It is believed that
Johnson perished. . .
About 11:30 o'clock "Johnson and Ulbrich
had the launch just off the Broadway
wharf, where the boathouse is sit
uated, when the Tamalpais bore down
upon them. Owing to tue br«ak in the
machinery , the launch had no lights and
could not be seen by the captain of the
Tamalpais. Both Johnson. and Ulbrich
did the best they could to attract the at
tention of those on board the steamer, but
without avail. The little boat was struck
directly in the middle. Both Johnson and
Ulbrich were thrown into the water. Ul
brich says that he saw Johnson go down.
Although Ulbrich went beneath the
steamer and was struck by the wheel,
he escaped being- drowned. He managed
to get hold of a piece of driftwood and
keep afloat until rescued by a boat from
the Tamalpais. . . ,' .- .
The Socotra -was lying about a mile out
in the bay, directly off the Broadway
wharf. The launch succeeded in reach
ing the British, vessel and in putting the
captain and the merchandise aboard. On
the return trip of the ili-fated little boat
the machinery broke down. Engineer
Johnson . tried to- repair the break, but
without avail. With tne assistance of Ul
brich he attempted to '. propel his craft
back to the boathouse with a plank. This
crude method did not prove very success
ful, and the launch drifted for more than
four hours about the bay.
. The collision between ' the Tamalpais
and the Scout -was the result of an injury
to the launch earlier in the evening. At
about 7 o'clock the launch put off from
the Vallejo-street wharf to put Captain
Hardy of the British bark Socotra aboard
his boat.. Besides Captain Hardy, the
launch carried a quantity of merchandise
for tjie Socotra. . • , :
¦• steamer Tamalpais on her return
trip from Sausajito ¦ last night . at .11:30
o'clock ran down the Scout, a launch be
longing to Thomas Crowiey.-and it is be
lieved that Walter Johnson, the. engineer
QL the little .boat, was • drowned^ Alfred
Ulbrich, a'ybung man who was accom
panying Johnson, had a most miraculous
escape from being killed, by"- the paddle
wheel of the steamer.. When the collision
occurred he was thrown into the water
and passed beneath the steamer. The
huge wheel struck him a slight -glancing
blow just above the right' eye, but did
him no serious injury. A boat was low
ered from the Tamalpais and he was res
cued. ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦.. ¦ , ¦ ,
. The woman has been arrested time and
again within the past ten years, and this
morning her trial on a charge of grand
larceny will | commence before a jury in
Judge Lawlor's court. She is accused of
stealing $200 from Matthias Michels, a
butcher from Portland, in a saloon on
Kearny street. , . I •
"The police -. are persecuting ' me," she
yelled, '"and some one will have to suffer
for it. Take me to the Chief; I must see
him." A friend finally induced her to go
into the elevator and she was taken to
the prison and .booked. In her cell she
continued to rave that the police were
persecuting her. .When asked what she
intended doing' with the revolver she re
plied/she meant it for the officers whom
she alleged were • persecuting her. "They
won't let me alone,"- she said, "and what
can I do?" She made the usual charges
against the officers, which is a habit with
women of her class, but the Chief at
tached no importance to them. •
Belle Naylpr, alias Scott, a colored
woman wljo has been arrested several
times for grand larceny . and : vagrancy,
created a email sensation at the Hall of
Justice yesterday afternoon when it was
discovered that she had a loaded revolver
in her possession and was demanding to
see. Chief Wittman. The woman went
into S. Raphael's; store at the corner of
Sacramento and Kearny streets to buy
a revolver, but Raphael refused to sell
her one as she appeared to be. laboring un
der great excitement. She left Raphael's
and crossed the street to, Ladd's gun
store, where she purchased a five-cham
bered revolver and . had it loaded with
cartridges. : The weapon was placed in a
pasteboard box, and she left the store.
Raphael, who was suspicious,' followed
her to the Hall of Justice, and he caught
up with her as she reached the top of the
steps at the entrance. Detective T. J.
Coleman saw him expostulating with her,
and suspecting that sometning was
wrong, Coleman joined the pair. "When
he found that the box contained a'revol
ver he placed the woman under arrest for
carrying a concealed weapon. She de
manded to be <taken to Cnlef "Wittman,
and Coleman took her to- the Chief's of
fice, v/here he was instructed to lock her
up in the city prison. She struggled
fiercely with Coleman and screamed at
the top of her voice while he" began drag*
ging her to the elevator. ¦'"
Murphy.
County of San Francisco— El Dorado No. 52,
Sequoia No. 160, Presidio No. 194; Plumas— •
Quincy-No. 131; Sierra — DownlevUle No. 02,
Golden Nugget No. 94, Golden Anchor No: 1S2J
Nevada — Hydraulic No. 56, Quartz No. 5*1
Lassen — Lassen No. 89, Honey Lake No. 102).
Big Valley No. 211.
Jones.
County of San Francisco — Rincon No. 72,
Nlantlc No. 103, National No. 118; Shasta—.
McCloud No. 149; Trinity — Mount Bally No,
87: Sisklyou — Sisklyou No. 188, Etna No. 192,
Liberty No. 103 ; Napa— St. Helena No. 83.
Napa No. 62. Callstoga No. SO : Lake — Lowetf
Lake No. 159, Mlddletown No. 212.
District of Grand Trustee Martin
Devlin.
County of San Francisco— Precita No. 137.
Olympus No. 189, Army and Navy No. 207;
Yuba — Friendship No. 78; Stanislaus — Oakdala
No. 142; Madera— Madera No. 130; Merced—
Yosemite No: 24; Tulare— Vlsalta No. 19. Han
ford No. 37; Fresno — Fresno No. 25; Kern— •
Baker No. 42; San Joaquln — Tracy No. 186.
District of Grand Trustee George L«
County of San F"randsco — California No; 1.
Stanford No. 76, South San • Francisco No. 157;
San Benlto — Fremont 1 No. 44; Monterey-
Santa Lucia No. 97, San Lucas No. 115, Gabt
lan No. 132; San Luis Obispo — Los Osos No.
61, Nipomo No. 12". San Marcos No. 150. Cam
bria No. 152; Santa Cms— Watsonville No. 63,
Santa Cruz No. 90.
District of Grand Trustee W. H,
Wagner.
too No. 23, Redwood No. 63, Seaside No. 93.
Menlo No. 1S3.
District of Grand Trustee Walter D.
County of San Francisco — California No. 1.
San Francisco No. 49, Yerba Buena "No. 84.
Hesperian No. 137, Sequoia No. 160. Mar
shall No. 202; Santa Clara — San Jose No. 22,
Palo Alto No. 82. Observatory No. 177; Ma
rln — Mount Tamalpais No. 64, Sea Point No.
158. Nicaslo No. 183; San Mateo— San Ma-.
Devoto.
County of San Francisco — Mission No. 33,
Stanford No. 76, Nlnantie No. 105, Marshall
No. 202, Dolores No. 208: Sonoma — Eear
Flag No. 27. Santa Rosa No. 28, Sotoyomo
No. 68, Glen Ellen No. 102, Sonoma 111, AI
tamont No. 167; Mendocino — Brodsrick N'o.
117. Alder Glen 'No. 200, Greenwood N«. 209*
Humboldt — Humboldt No. 14, * Arcata. Mo. 20;
Golden Star No. 88, Ferndale No. 93. Com
modore Sloat No. 197; Del Norte^ — Tontockett
No. 156.
District of Grand Trustee James A.
Knowland.
County of San Francisco — T.erba Buena No.
M, Bay City No. 104, Hesperian No. 137;
Amador — Amador No. 17,. Excelsior No. 31,
lone No. 33, Plymouth No. 48, Keystone No.
173; Calaveras— Calaveras No. 67; Tuol
umne — Tuolumne No. 144; Mariposa — Hornl
tos No. 138, Mariposa No. 171; Alameda—
Las Positas No. 96, Eden No. 113. Piedmont
No. 120, Washington No. 168. .
District of Grand Trustee Joseph It,
Dooling.
County of San Francisco — Pacific No. 10,
El Dorado No. 52, Bay City No. 104, Alca
traz No. 145, Precita No. 187, Army and
Navy No. 207; Sacramento — Sacramento No. 3,
Sunset No. 26, Granite No. 83, Courtland No.
106, Oak Park No. 213; El Dorado — Placer
ville No. 9. Georgetown No. 91; Placer — Au
burn No. 59. Sierra No. 85. Mountain No.
128. • Prospect No. 201. Cape Horn No. 203.
District of Grand Tmstee M. T.
S. Martin.
dent James I». Gallagher.
• County of San Francisco — Golden Gats No.
29, Rlncon No.' 72, National 113, Alcalde No.
15, Olympus No. 180, Dolores No. 208; Santft
Barbara — Santa Barbara No. lid; Ventura —
Cabrillo No. 114, Santa Paula No. 191; Lo«
Angeles — Los Angeles No. -45. Ratnona No. 109,
Pomona No. 174, Corona No. 19tJ; Orange — In
vincible No. 74; San Bernardino— Arrowhead
No. 110, Redlands No. 168: San Diego — San
Diego No. 108.
District of Grand Treasurer Henry
County of San Francisco — Golden Gate No.
29, Pacific No. 10, Mission No. 38; Solano—
Solano No. 39, Dixon No. 60, Vallejo No. 77;
Rio Vista No. 109; Tolo— Woodland No. 30.
Winters No. 163; Placer— Silver Star No. &J;
Yuba— MarysvJUe No. B, Rainbow No. 40; Butt*
— Argonaut No. 8. Chico No. 21; San Joaquin— •
Stockton No. 7.
District of Third Grand Vice Presi-
dent Charles E. McLaughlin.
- County of San Francisco— Saa Francisco Par
lor Ho. 49, Alcatraz No. 145, Alcalde No. 154;
Alameda— Alameda No. 47, Oakland No. 30.
Wisteria No. 127. Halcyon No. 14tf. Brooklyn
No. 151, Athens No. 195, Berkeley No. 210;
Contra Costa — General Wlnn No. 32, Mount
Diablo No. 101. Byron No. 170, Sunrise No. 204,
Carqulnea No. 205.
District of Second Grand Vice Presi-
H. B. McNoble.
It was resolved that all visits as far as
practicable should be made before Janu
ary!. 1903.
The visiting board then^ apportioned th*
State into the following districts:
Dirtrict of First Grand Vice President
It was decided that the board shouH
participate in the Admission day celebra
tion at Santa Rosa and that it would ac
cept the invitation of Mount Tamalpaia
Parlor No. 64 to Join in the- Fourth of July
celebration at. San Rafael
At a meeting of the board of gran<l
officers of the Native "Sons of the Golden
West, held in the office of the grand sec
retary since the adjournment of the grand
body at Santa Cruz, all were present ex
cept Junior Past Grand President Frank
L. Coombs. Grand President Lewis* F,
Byington presided.
Introduction of the presiding officer • G A
McElfreeh. high chief ranger of California, by
G. Q. Stewart, chairman of the committee
of " arrangement ¦ opening . address. • G. • A.
McElfresh, high chief ranger of California;
address of welcome in behalf of the city of
San Francisco, Hon. Eugene E. Schmitz
Mayor; eolo, Mrs. Cecil W. Mark; Instrumental
solo. Miss Violette Johnson; ' response -to the
address of welcome by Hon. Dr. ¦Oronhyate
kha, supreme chief ranger;' music;-:. orchestra;
solo. G. M, McBride; address, John A. Mc-
Gilllvray, K. C. supreme secretary; music. Mo
zart Quartet; short addresses by other Supreme
Court officers, interspersed by .music from the
orchestra. ,- •¦,•¦•'
The visitors will be taken on an excur
sion to Mare,, Island this morning.
Selections, orchestra; music, Mozart Quar
tet—Mrs. Cecil W. Mark, Mrs. Frank V Cox
Oscar L. Llenau, Q. M. McBride; Miss Ada
Clement, accompanist.
In the evening there was a public re
ception in the Alhambra Theater to the
supreme officers and representatives un
der the auspices of the local courts
through the board of deputies. The the
ater was tastefully decorated with Ameri
can and English colors. There was a
large attendance. The order of exercises
was as follows:
Appointed officers — C. H. Rea of England,
actuary; Right Rev. Charles Riley of Aus
tralia, orator; A. E. Stevenson of Chicago,
superintendent of juvenile courts; J. C. Morgan
of Ontario, organist; J. Wilson of North Ire
land, senior, and II. Goodwin of Wales, junior
woodward; Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Parker of
Wisconsin, marshal; F. K earns of Quebec, con
ductor; J. Falrweather of -California, messen
ger; W. Hunter of • Toronto and. M. Morgan
of Michigan standard bearers; G. Groves of
Ontario and C. Bowman of Ohio sword bear
ers; Frank Hand of New York' and Clarence
Scott - of N Malne senior and junior- beadle re
spectively. .
.- The Supreme Court was closed in most
impressive form.
Executive council — Dr. Oronhyatekha of
Toronto, supreme chief ranger; 'Judge W. Wed
derburn of Hampton, N. B., past, supreme
chief ranger; John D. Clark' of Ohio, supreme
vice chief ranger; Lieutenant Colonel John- A.
McGillivray. supreme secretary; H. A. Collins,
supreme treasurer, and Thomas Millman, su
preme physician, all of 1 Toronto; Elliott G.
Stevenson of Michigan, supreme chaplain; B.
W. Greer of Ontario and Charles R. Fitzger
ald of New York, auditors. < "
This was followed by the presentation
of a handsome gold chain of twenty-one
links to Supreme Chief Ranger Oronhya
tekha, symbolic of the twenty-one years
of continuous service in the position he
now nils. V" ".¦.?¦ -
The following elected and appointed of
ficers were then installed by Past Su
preme Vice Chief Ranger James B. Hal
kett, assisted by the officers requisite to
carry out that ceremony: \
A beautiful gold watch, ( chain and
locket was presented 'to High Chief Ran
ger McElfresh of California by the su
preme body in recognition of the work he
did in the way of hospitality for the su
preme officers and representatives. .
The principal business was the presen
tation of the report of the committee on
state of the order,' which shows it to be
in a very prosperous condition, and of the
report of the memorial committee, which
included a beautiful; tribute to, the mem
ory of the late wife of the supreme chief
ranger. It was decided that the supreme
body shall furnish the new ritual to each
court that is without it. . ¦ j
The Supreme Court of the Independent
Order of Foresters held its closing ses
sion in the Red Men's building in this city
yesterday. . ' ,
CLAIMS OFFICIAL
SOUGHT A BRIBE
The reprieve of Mrs. Taylor and her
daughter, who are now at Columbus, does
not expire until June 39, and the authori
ties here are anxious to have Miss Clara
Taylor and little Margaret here at that
time If possible. The newspapers, women's
clubs and others have been raising what
has become known as the "Margaret Tay
lor fund" to defray tue expenses of de
tectives and others engaged in the search
for the missing girl and it has been pro
posed to-night by some who have taken
part in raising these funds that the father
of Margaret be sent with the officers to
Italy so as to avoid any mistaken iden-
WAEHINGTON, May 6.— A cablegram
received at the State Department from
Embassador Choate to-day reported that
he had succeeded in locating Margaret
Taylor, the kidnaped Cincinnati girl, in
Bordlghera, Italy. The Embassador added
that he had supplied the Cincinnati de
tective who is looking- Into the case with
a letter of introduction to Embassador
¦Meyer at Rome to facilitate his quest It
Is believed that extradition proceedings
will lie against the aunt.
Miss Clara Taylor was indicted over two
> ears ago at the same time that her
mother and her sister. Miss Prances L.
Taylor, were indicted, and; on the record
of that Indictment the application for a
requisition was based to-day by the
Prosecuting Attorney. This indictment
still stands, and it Is for her trial under
It that the long search has been made and
the extradition is now requested by the
local officials.
CINCINNATI. May 6.— The kidnaping
of Margaret Taylor has agitated this lo
cality tor almost four years and there
was unusual excitement to-day when it
was announced that the eight-year-old
girl and her aunt. Miss Clara Taylor, had
been found at Bordigrhera, Italy, and that
Governor Nash and Prosecutor Hoff
heimer. In connection with the State De
partment at Washington, were • taking
such action as w ould secure speedy extra
dition. .
Alfred Ulbrich* His Compan
ion, Seizes Wreckage,
aqd Is Saved.
Vigorous Search, Extending
Over Years, Is Sue-
Grand Court Election Occurs,
To-Day and Aspirants
Are Busy.
for Carrying a Re
volver.
Arrested at the Hall of Justice
The State Is Districted for Of
- ficial Viaits'Before Jan
uary Next.
Victim Expires After Crossing
Stream by. Means of ;
a Cable.
Presentations Followed by
Public Reception at the
Alhambra. % .
Belle Nay lor, Alias Scott,
Arms Herself for
Trouble.
Is Drowned.
Walter Johnson, Engin
eer of Smaller Craft,
Parade and Ball Features
of Foresters' Con
clave.
Elected and Appointed
Officers Are Impres
sively Installed.
Native Sons' Grand Offi
cers to Visit Santa
Rosa Fete.
Mountaineers Toil in Yam
• to Save
Man's Life:
Margaret Taylor of Cin
cinnati Is Located
in Italy.
VOWS TO K ILL
THE POLICEMEN
CHOATE FINDS
KIDNAPED GIRL
DEATH BAFFLES
UPLAND HEROES
FORESTERS AND
THEIR LABORS
WILL ATTEND
CELEBRATION
TAMALPAIS RUNS
DOWN A LAUNCH
LODGEMEN MARCH
AND THEN DANCE
THE SAEFBMCISCO CALL.TO
' , NEW,- WESTERN i HOTELS :
W-H Hubert. & w. Mo M>W Stevens,' : Mo '
P L Jones '& w, r I»T.-- J G -Wells, Mo--.
A . M G Babcock. '.Tenn D . Berjreda '¦ Nashville
J . H ¦ Elkinson, Pa "T-i ¦: ; W Curless. Oakland ,
M Paleson & ; w,- Mo : A B Hammond, Boston
A.LHusrhes, Mo.... ¦- ¦ J ' 8 Kosure, Waco
R, P, Chapman, Mo V H M Thompson, -Waco
T, Bock, /Kansas City • R C Palmer/. Waco \
TJ Thompson,- Chlcag C W, Sporks, ,Waco.*~ ;
C,W Roberson, Mo r. . A D Adams & bro, Wls
E: Morison, Mo;.*- . , 4 *• ¦. > ...--
HOTEL" * ABRI VALS.
The Prager Company, which will open &
large department .store in this city shortly,
was incorporated yesterday, with a cap
ital stock of $300,000. The directors are L.
Prager, R. Prager. T. Prager. H. Gold
water and George Saalbury..
Will Open Large Store.
PLACERVIL.L.E, May 6.— L. Hovitz a
few weeks ago waa tried in this county
on a charge of stealing hides. The Jury
stood ten for conviction and two for ac
quittal. He had another trial last week
and was found guilty. Judge Bennett to
day sentenced him to serve seven years
in the penitentiary. To-night he escaped
from jail and is still at large. *
Escapes From Placerville's Jail.
4
- " POSTTJM CEBEAL.
.WAS DOING HIM.
The "Hold Up" Mbtj, Coffee.
Few people know how many persons
are made sick and kept sick by coffee
drinking. A trained nurse relates her ex-
perience with a number of different per-
sons. She says, "Quite a long time ago I
discovered that coffee was the cause of
the violent palpitation of iny heart, and
frequent sick headaches, and attacks -of
Indigestion, so I quit coffee ! and - went
onto hot water, not knowing then of Pos-
tum Food Coffee.
"Quite a while after I quit coffee my
husband began to. complain of coffee com-
ing up In his mouth more or less during
the forenoon, and It made it very disagree-
able for him. One day I said, 'Suppose
we try that Postum Food Coffee which Is
advertised so much.' So we did 'and I
prepared It according to. directions. The
beverage f roved delicious and we liked it
eo much and it agreed' with us so well
we have used It for over two years now
"My palpitation of the. heart, headaches
and Indigestion have gone altogether.- it
i«. very easy to make by boiling fifteen
or twenty, minutes with a small piece of
butter put In the pot to prevent its boil-
Ing over. , •
"My cousin, who Is a telegraph opera-
tor, had nervous dyspepsia, having to
stay from work every few days. He gave
up the use of coffee .and commenced us-
ing Postura, and Bince that time he has
not been troubled with dyspepsia.
"One woman told me she had suffered
with indigestion for three ; years. -She
drank nothing but tea, I made P-ostum
for her and showed her how to- make It.
She liked it and now uses it In her fam-
ily regularly and Is well and happy.
"I could name a dozen or more similar
cases." M. N. Clark, • 222 Ogden . Ave.,
Chicago, ni.
fy ¦ If you want a
jrfL good food for
J\ infant try Mellin-s
£ Food. It requires
no cooking arid is
and (juickly j
prepared; Write for j4
¦^Jfr^'sample;;^^-;^
Mellin's Food Co.,
Boston, Mass., U. S. A.
b Tht "World's Cure £09 F|
Jtoten! Laxitln Woeml w»t«f.
HI It is the Best ana Safest rem-
Ba edy for disordered stomach, ml
HI- biliousness and liver trouble, l^-j
§H and It Cures Constipation. t>}|
Drink one-half glassful on |v]
a£i arising in the morning and you lg|
EM will feel the .remarkable 'and p?l
agreeable* effects in a short I; J
Si Hunyadi JANOS H
(Full Name). . If you simply j|i
Bm ask for Hunyadi Water you f |
JH may be Imposed upon. |N
IH BOTTLE HAS BLUB LABEL jT-J
1--4 ' vmn RED CENTRE. |HBRITISH VESSEL. WHICH
BRINGS HEAVY CARGO OF
NITER FROM TUNIN.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tidea
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the . successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. . ¦¦.- •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic • Office, U; S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, .-San Francisco,' Cal.,
May 6, 1002.
• The Time Ball on the tower of - the • Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
- Tuesday, May 6. -.--
Stmr Santa. Barbara. Zaddart. S8 hours from
Port Ludlow, bound to San Pedro; put in to
land - passenffers. ¦_¦ : - . ' - ".'-.-.
.. Stmr JJavarro. 1 Devi tt. 24 -hours from West
port.' '¦" ¦ "
; For. ; Sails.
Dc'«phln Ska K way & "Way Ports. May 9
Bertha... .... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 10
City Seattle.'. Skagway & Way - Ports. May 11
Al-Ki........ Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Dirigo Skagway & AVay Ports. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way. pts. "May 15
City Topeka. . I Skagway A Way Ports. [May 20
» . . ' . ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
. May 7. ' ~- , '..'.•.¦
Argc Eel River Ports...: 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ' 1 :30 p Pier »
Curacao... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
May 8. ¦. ¦¦
Mandalay. . Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata..... Cojs Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier Vi
Coronado. . Grays harbor 5 pm Pier ¦ 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way., n am Pier It
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
San Jose... Panama. & Way... 12 mlPMSS
May .». . , 1
Despatch... Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm Pier 16
Phoenix Mendocino City 3 pm Pier 13
Eureka HumboWt » am Pier K
Nip. Mam. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Neko . . Hamburg & Way Pier —
May XO.
Wtstrort.; Bear Harbor * 6 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
B'.t5ieK... Golofnln Bay-Teller ...... pier IB
Rival...:.. Willapa Harbor ... 4 pmlPler 2
PC Arena.. Point Arena : 2 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
May 11.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier l>
Mayas. .'
San Pedro.. Humboldt ...:..... 10 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt .".......'. 0 am Pier '£
Xewburg... Grays Harbor ....: 4 pm Pier 2
May- 13.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
May 14.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Guatemala. Valparaiso *-. Way. 12 m Pier 10
La Urnc... Astoria .t Portland ...... Pier
May 15.
Leclanaw.. N. Y. via Panama 2 pmlPier 16
May 10. I .
Queen..... Pugret Sound Ports. 11 amIPier' 9
„¦ ' ¦ • • -May 17. ¦.:. . ¦ I ?:¦ ;
Jl eru - China & Japan..... 1 pmlPMSS
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul :... ..lPler.20
TO ARRIVE.
Gteamer. From. J Due. !
Mandalay. ... Coquille Rlvxer.. ...May 7
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford May 7
AlamMla Honolulu .....; ..May 7
G. Dollar. . . Fairhaven May 7
Albion River. Hadlock May 7
Euieka Humboldt May 7-
CilyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports May 7
SontaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports. May 7
Edith Seattle, May 7
San Pedro Humboldt May. 8
Phoenix Mendoclno City May 8
Despatch San Pedro May 8
R. Dollar Redondo May 8
Coronado ' San Pedro May 8
Tltanla Nanalmo •. May 8
Rival Willapa Harbor May 8
Point Arena. . Point Arena . . : May • S
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports May 8
Algca Manila via Mojl May 8
Hyades Honolulu May x
Newport..... Panama & Way Ports.. May 8
Newburg Grays Harbor ..;• May »
North Fork.. Humboldt May 0
Santa Monica Humboldt May 10
Pleiades Oyster Harbor May 10
Chehalls Graye Harbor May 10
Pomona Humboldt May 10
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....'May 10
Peru......... China & Japan ...JMaylO
Lakme Portland & Astoria |May 10
G.C.Llndauer Grays Harbor..... JMay 11
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 11
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoraa May 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... May 12
Queen....... Puget Sound' Ports '. May 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May ]2
Serapls ... Hamburg & Way Pprta. May 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... May 15
Rainier Whatcom direct May. 15
Bonlta....... Newport & Way Ports. May ]5
Coptic ... China & Japan .| May 17
Umatilla Pugct Sound Ports |May I"
The Italian ship Fortunato Figari loads lum
ber at Blakeley for Iquique at 40s.
The British bark Woollahra Is chartered for
redwood from Eureka to Sydney.
Shipping Merchants.
matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
George TV. Hume & Co. have purchased the
American ship Clarence S. Bement for service
on the coast. The Bement is at present in New
York. Captain George C. Grant has been sent
East to t&ke command of hex. She is chartered
to carry oil from New York to China. She will
come from the Orient to this port.
K"ew Ship for This Coast.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed May 6— Stmr
Westport, for San Francisco. _ ¦ .
UMPQUA — Sailed May, 3— Schr Magcle C
Russ, for San Pedro. . ¦ ¦
Arrived May 3— Schr Lucy, from San Pedro.
Arrived May 4— Schr Zampa, from Klawack.
PORT KEN YON— Sailed May 5 — Stmr Argo,
for San ¦ Francisco. ¦ ' , , „ „
POINT REYES— Passed May 6.' 9 a m—
Stmr Coquille; River, from Fort Bragg, for tiarj
-Arrived May 6—^Stmr ,- John S
K Saned 1 May Ce^Shlp :! Roanoke; for New York;
Jap stmr Iyo Mam. for Japan j and China ;
S Tned 1C May f °5^s a tmr Z City of Topeka. for Ta-
C0 Ar a rlve n d d May =^U -8 "stmr Daniel Manning.
fr EUREKA-Sailed May 'O-Stmr Alliance, for
P °nf"Th BAY— Passed in May 1 6— Stmr John
S-Ktaballfhence May 2, for Seattle; stmr St
Paul from : Unalaska, ¦ for Seattle. _ • . :••-.••
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May C— Stmr Samoa ;
echr Benlah, from Umpqua. . , ¦* i~?-~J? i-
Sailed May. O-Stmr Despatch, for San Fran-
Cl 'TACOM A— Arrived May C— Stmr City of , To'
neka from Skagway: stmr Elihu - Thomeon,
«v,W Seattle- stmr Mineola, hence May 2. :.
sTllfd Mav tf-Dutch .bark Pax. for South
Africa? Br stmr Braemar. for China.
Arrived May 6— Stmr Queen.' : - r-
Sailed May 6— Stmr City of Tooeka; for
S1 COQuVlLE RIVER— Sailed May 6-Schr
° n G > R a rYS f °H A^BOR-Arr^ed May 6-Stmr G
C Lindauer, hence May 3.J, ... i'\
DOMESTIC . PORTS,
POINT LOBOS, May C, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
April 18. lat 11 N, Ion 26 W— Ger bark
Gerda. from Bremen, for Honolulu. __
May '.i lat 33 40 N. Ion 130 W-^hil bktn
Alta, from Portland, for Tsintau. \
SPOKEN.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 2 days from
Ventura; up riverdirect; In tow tug Rescue.
- Br ¦ bark Procyon, James, 73 days, from Ju
nin, via Pisa)rua 62 daiya. ., — : . ¦¦.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 13 days from Port
Schr Queen, Nelson, 15 days from Port Gam
ble ' ¦ ¦ ' ' ' '
SchrT William Olsen. Rorvlck, 12, days from
POrtGamble ' ; CLEARED. V
Tuesday, May 6.
'• Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. Victoria: Goodall,
Pe strnr S Enterprise. Miller,*' HUo; 'J D Spreck
els & Bros Co. , < . .
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Ladyamith; R
Dunsmuir'B Sons Co. : •
Bark St Katberlne, Saunders, Hilo; Welch
& Co.
. SAILED.
< Tuesday, May 6.
Stmr Geo Lodm's.Bridgett, Redondo.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro. - ¦
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Giosy, Leland. Santa Cruz. .•
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart,' San Pedro. •
Stmr Enterprise, MlUef, Hllo. t .
Schr Joseph Russ, Anderson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Fannie Adele. Bellenson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mizpah, Anderson. Bristol Bay.
Schr Ida A. Campbell, Point Reyes.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived | May 6— Bktn
Robert Sudden, from Wallahroo. . .
HULL — In port April 2(5 — Br ship Pegasus,
for San Francisco. ¦'> ¦ :
LONDON— In port April 2G— Br ship Pengr
wern. fcr Victoria; Br shlu.Toxteth, for San
DIp<o. - . ' . " ¦
. BROWHEAD— Passed May 4— Br shb Bal
lacliullah,- from Fraser River, for Liverpool.
LIZARD — Passed May 3 — Br ship. Glencona.
from Hamburg, for San . Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Sailed April 14— Ship Henry
Fnillnzv for San Francisco. "' : ••¦ ¦ >
DUBLIN— Sailed April 20— Fr bark Briz
eavix, for Swansea. ' j
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 5 — Ger bark
Ta r Denbek, from i Astoria. . ¦ .
Sailed May 4— Ital bark Carles P. for Glaa
£OW. ¦'¦¦'¦.'
¦ IQUIQUE — Sailed March 10 — Br ship Craig
more, for San Francisco. ' ¦-- ' 1.;
VFALMOUTJI— Arrived May 6— Ship Arj'an,
hence Dec 27. ' ¦*• '
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived May 5 --Tlr ship
Bracadale, hence Jan 1. • •'•
HAMBURG— In port April 23 — Br bark Nor
ma. for Honolulu and- Puget Sound.
Arrived .May 3— Br • ship - Dendrath Castle,
from Ta coma. May 6— Br ship Cleomens, from
Oregon : Br:sM3 Travancore. from . Oregon ; Br
ship Pasa of Melfort. from Tacoma.
CORONEL— Arrived. : Arril 15— Xor stmr
Horda, fronvTucoma. for St Vincent. ;' L
SHANGHAI— Arrived May 3— Shi^ Wm P
Fryc, from New -York. .
PORT NATAL— Sailed May' 3— Br bark
Eddyslde. . for Royal Roads.' - ..
ANTWERP — In port March 25— Br ship
Clan , Robertson, for San Francisco. ¦ *
• ST NAZAIRE— Sailed April 2S— Fr bark
Jean, for San . Francisco. - ¦ • > ¦
MONTEVIDEO— In . port March 10— Ital
bark Prospero e Davlde, for — — . ' : .
• NOUMEA— Sailed April 5— Schr Muriel, for
Port -Townsend. :• : ¦ . ' -.
CALLAO— Sailed May 5— Ger stmr Pentaur,
for San : Francisco. ¦'¦' ¦ -¦ , •
SYDNEY — Arrived May 5— Stmr Sierra,
hence ;> pril 10. =. ¦ . ' . ¦
FALMOUTH — Arrived ' May 5 — Br ship
James Kerr, hence Jan 1R. . . • • '
Reported .p.rrlval *of - Tarpenbek at Queens
town was. an error. - .; •
NANAIMO-^-Salled May 6— Nor stmr Tlta
nlft.' for San Francisco. . • ..-
Sailed. May;. 6 — Nor., atmr ¦ Tltanla, for San
Francisco. ' ' ¦ ¦/. -• ¦ - ,¦
• FREMANTLE— Arrived Mny 5— Bark Hes
per, from Hastings Mill,' via Honolulu. -
FOREIGN ' PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared May 5— Stmr
Hawaiian, for San Francisco, via New York.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed out
May 5 — Stmr Shawmut, for San Francisco.
. NEW YORK— Arrived ¦ May 6— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon: . - -
Sailed May 6 — Stmr Orizaba, for Colon. .
EASTERN PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 6— Stmr Rival,
for Pan Francisco. - . . ¦
ASTORIA — Sailed May C—Fr bark Vendee,
for Queenstown. . '
COOS BAY— Sailed May 6— Schr Charles E
Falk, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed May 6— Schr
John D Tallant, for San FrancUico.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed May 6— Schr
Courtney Ford, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived May 5— Stmr Ruth,
from Eureka. May | 6— Stmr Aberdeen, from
Astoria.
Sailed May 6. 12 noon— Stmr Robert Dollar,
for San Francisco. '
SAN DIEGO — Arrived May 5 — Br stmr Wye
fleld, from Nanalmo. '
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High ¦ and Low
¦Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city Iront ; (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 7.
Sun rises .5:07
Sun sets 7:05
Moon sets (new) 0:00 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
c F t F t. Ft. Ft.
• L.W H TV L W| H TV
7 4:48—0.4 11:49 4.8 4:42 ~2A loiio "ITs
8 5:36—0.7 12:44 4.8 6:28 2.6 11:39 6.8
9 6:25—0.8 1;S8 4.8 6:17 2.8
H W L, W • H W L. W
10 0:20 5.7 7:18 — 0.8 2:34 4.8 7:12 2.3
11 1:01 6.5 8:12 — 0.6 3:30 4.8 8:19 3.O
12 2:10 5.1 »:1O — 0.3 4:29 4.9 9:34 3.1
13 3:16 4.8 10:09 0.1 5:22 5.1 10:55 2.«
14 I 4:34 4.411:081 0.6 6:13 5.2 |
Sun, Moon, and Tide.
The accident occurred while the cars
v.ere being switched. Yardmaster E. Pot
ter says that somebody must have turneJ
a switch the wrong way. Others give dif
ferent reasons, but the result was the
same, however. The cars took the wrong
track and went calling over the barge
apron before any steps to stop them could
Le taken.
p-r|«aHREE Santa Fe freight cars slid
I over the wharf at Main street
jl at 10:30 o'clock Monday night, and
il ' about 510,000 worth of merchan
\ dlse and a chunk of the railroad
company's rolling stock are In need of the
cervices of a diver. The cars contained
v»all paper consigned to Uhl Bros., crock
ery for Nathan, Dohrmann & Co. and
Iron pipe. The cars containing the crock
ery and iron pipe are completely sub
merged. The wall paper car is only part
ly under water. The wrecking operations,
which commenced at daybreak yesterday,
•will occupy several days. The cars may
be put into serviceable condition agraln,
but the wall paper is thought to be a
tctal loss and much of the crockery
smashed.
THE SAN; FR^CISCOV CALL^^
LOADED FREIGHT CARS SLIDE
OVER FERRY WHARF INTO BAY
5
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
FOR-^- — .
LEAVE : SK.A.TTLE, •
SENATOR ' JUNE 1
VALENCIA i.. .JUXK t
Anl fortnightly thereafter during the- season.
' Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 20 and. May 31 ra- .
spectively, connect 'with above steamers. Th«
new and elegant steamships Senator and "Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last 'year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nom*
folder, arjply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery
street f Pa lace Hotel). . : .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA. .May UfCOLOMBIA . . . Jun« 21
PALENA May3l|TUCAPEL ....July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pa.«enger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
. ] ; ,
AAA51*ftf J> ft CT f*£\ ™ 1! - 3AMM > MEW
_ ¦ OWECIllMEwTiHITt .
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. May 10, 2 p. in.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 22, 10 a.' ml
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..... '.....• -
.. Sunday. June 9, 'TO a.' tn.
I. P. SPBICKLS k BEOS. CO., General Agti, 329 MarXJt
Gsn'l Pass. Cfflcs. 643 Market SL, Pier In 7. Paclfls St.
EAT AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AMD YALLEJO,
Steame:3 GEN. -FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. in., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:42 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 0 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* 5^1
cents. Telephone -Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. U.isslon-street dock. HATCH
BROS. :¦¦¦¦¦¦ .
iS^S^'fti^^r j^^^CrrREoby Dr.Pierce's A
¦]^^Msshe€^s^r.i,vx"TKiv. tkiss H
CM "^^K^T^-^'f'tlilngliVeit. Comfort & B
H—^'/IKV^ security! A Perfect Retainer, mi
B /»n V' does '^ e wor!c - *^" Call or JM
//IfX write A*£xrfor"BOQKLET«o.l.'*aK
x Address: Miqnette E.Tn»$ Co^ g£
206 Pof t Street, San Francisco, Cal. JHkJ
or 1145 Broadway, Now York. Mention tii» P»p« §ElS
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE.. UIVIGORA-
* - tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexe*. .
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of the Kid*
neys and Bladder. Sells on its <ms merits.
' NABER, ALFS It ERUNE. Agents.
323 Market st.. S. F. — <3ead for Circulars.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON 1 STS.— RE-
ruodeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European pian. Rooms, 5Uc to $1 SO day:
$5 to 98 week: *S to $20 month. Free baths:
hot and cold, water every room: fire grates la
every room; elevator runs all night.
The Weekly Call
$l'per Year.
OCEAK" TBAVBL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
tw . Steamers leave Broadway
Hkj. Wharf, San Francisco:
KSaw'aBt r ° r Ketchlkan. Juneau,
iwSS^Plk^, Skaguay, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
||r^Kwd rn.. May «, 11, 16, 21, 26. 31.
rogaml June 5. Change to com-
EgSVZirC^l ¦ pany's steamers at Seattle.
r'"«8B^Sa For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Tot\-ns»nd. Seattle, Ta-'
; . ¦ "[% coma. Everett, New What-
com — 11 a. m.. May 6, 11, 16, 21, 26. 31, Juna
C. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1 :30 p.* m..
May 7, 12, 17, 22, 27. June 1.
' For Los Angeles (via - Port X«a Anireles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa.' Sundays, 0 a. m. ' ¦
State of California, Thursdays, 8 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, San Luis Obispo
(via Port f Harford),'; Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport- (»Bonlta only). ¦¦ -
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.,May 6, 1-4. 22; SO, June «.
Bonita. 9 a, m.. May 10. IS, 20, June 3.
For Knsenada,- Magdalena Bay,. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., • 7th each
month.
• For further Information obtain folder. -
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.'
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
: 10 Market »t..-San Francisco.
O.R.& N. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
Arid Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets * to All
Folnts, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.... May 3, 13. 23, June 2
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails. ......May 8. IS, 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 a. m.
D: "W. HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt., 1 Mong'y. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan • streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA' and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board o t day . of
Is - NIPPON MARU. . . .Friday. May 8th, 1902
SS* AMERICA MARU
*¦•" ;..;.;. ¦..¦•.. '.Wednesday, "June 4th. 19C2
SS "HONGKONG MARU
....-...-....•Saturday. June 28th. 1902
Round-trip tickets . at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4°1 Market street, corner First.
! . W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
TO KEW YORK , VIA FANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin.- $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S.-S. Leelanaw. Sails Thursday, May 13
S. S. .........:<
s.. S:. A ,-:.•- :...-.•••-•• -• -•••
From Howard-street Wharf Pier 10. at 2 p. ra.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CON'NOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0XPA8NIS GENER AL3 TKAN3ATLAKTIQDS.
DIRECT. LINE -TO HAVRE-PARIS. Ifofrj-.
Sailing every Thursday, instead oi «?P^H
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. «SMB«»
North River," foot, of Morton street..
- First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Secon.I
class to Havre; $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES, and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson • building). New
York." J- F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paclflo Coa«
Agent* 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.'
Tickets ;. sold by all .Railroad Ti.-k-t Agents.
4 : -AMEKICAX MXE.
NEW YORK.' SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. PauLMay U. 10 am Pblla....May,28. 10am
St.Louis.May 21. 10 am St. Paul. June i. loan.
¦ ".-' REUSTAR LISB. . • - --
- NEW YORK. "ANTWERP. 1 : PARIS.
Soathwrk-May H. noon|Kensingtn.Maya>, noon
Vaderland.May21." noonlZeeland...June 4, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. •-•
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,G.A.P.C..30 Montgcm'y >U
"AT SLOANE'S"
ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE
We are offering; to close during this sale many pieces from the most
famous factories, including Parlor, Dining-room, Library, Hall Furni-
ture, etc., at reductions of
25 TO 50 PER CENT.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT—
Lace Curtains— Exceptional Values.
A few examples: . v
Battenberja: Lace, formerly $20.00, now $15. OO per pair.
Battenberg Lace, formerly $14.00, now $11.00 per pair. .
Irish Point, formerly $11.00, now $8.5O per pair.
Irish Point, formerly $7.75. now $6.OO per pair.
Muslin, formerly $4.25, now $3.OO per pair.
Muslin, formerly $3.50, now ?i2.5O per pair.
CARPETS-
IMMENSE VARIETY of patterns in HIGHEST GRADES.
BODY BRUSSELS—
Formerly $1.25 and $1.50 per yard..
Reduced to $1.12^ and $1.25 per yard.
HIGH PILE AXMINSTERS—
BEST TAPESTRY BRUSSELS—
Sewed, Lined and Laid.
AT3TFNTAT DTT/*C
UIvlL.il 1 AL IvUuj '
We are showing a large selection of rare pieces at reductions varying
from 25 to 40 per cent.
We invite inspection of stock and comparison of prices.
W..&J. SLOANE&CO,
Carpets, Furniture, Upholstery.
114-122 POST STREET.
>• SAN FRANCISCO.
. ¦ THE. EMPOBITJM. V; | i, - THE EMrOBrTJM. { THE EMPOBrUM. ,\ j THE EMPOB*i*Tj:M:. r
g Men's Hose 11 Cm \/j^ X/*" r • Tooth Brushes So* jj
If These are fine ''..quality^ : Maco- Yarn, with -_ lisle . :^6^"^ J^^y£^^J^t/f^/- *M g W g>£f- Imported Tooth Brushes,: made" by Loonen, the X
fc » finish; either black or tan, a good weight, seam- ; "ft^^/ix^^^iK^&C/^O^^^^i^^^ famous French manufacturer; . brushes which if JJ
j^ less, t" well mads/^cxccllent wearing hose,v on California's mir.rgT. ''''^¦'¦"'¦'w^^^^P ¦ bought in the regular way would ' bz ' 1 5c each, %
a,° sale Wednesday 6ti\y, pair .'. . .'. if/c iiillliltMliH 118 * 1 """* ' on sale Wednesday fie* V
tf . . , "¦^Bg^»»» as^>UlflERICA-S GRANDEST STORE. •
E° -'• Q ' "' ""_' ' " ' " ' 1' ''¦ ¦-'¦"-¦ ¦' -' ¦ "" "Q ¦ ¦ ¦ ' Q •'-••-" -¦¦--.. . . . °^
J The Embroidery Sale 0! ihc year begins Thursday. See lat ge display Lester, and Kent's beautHui Electrical Exhibit, -2k Hours in Ihc Alps," J
tr of [these goods in show case \at : l m tin entrance of the store, and . continues all this week. Attraction HjII, second floor, admiss.on x
j£ more tacts iii.the newspapers later. free. Dailv from to a.m. until closing time. ¦
I * ' %u£. m nt£u^ a A Great Silk Clean-Up. rheVery Latest' \
I ¦¦. J ine P'"* 11 "**- 4 Different Lines of $1.25 Silks' Novelty Ribbon, 29G \
* By fine we mean not only excellence in quality,^ . . O— i.*i*«f TV. #»««# dSOn ' Another of our sensitional Ribbon offering* to- £
g tut, also superiority, of finish and printing.' . . / OJieC#a# M O'Uay, OSfG. day, the very newest product of the. loom; jf
K ¦¦' These are this season's best styles, in: plain From four previous Successful sales held within the last few weeks, we have left lace open work, soft-weave taffeta ribbon in .«
K co 1 ors and up-to-date fancy designs and color- about a OOO yards of choice $ I. 2? silks, which, without regard to cost or moire designs, in a complet; range of neck j|
»• per yard ."...;.... 12C them out for good snd all, per yard U%PQ* on w ' 29c •*
$ 4&v nn Wai^** at:** ' In These Four Lo's Are: sw Gammas S6.9R $
% &J.UU WaiStS, J56C. 24 . inch Cilcred Ttlfetai, b desirable shades of emerald, : tuiqu^ise, white, maise, Vuet, garnet -f' U U3m ~ r3S ' 9 O"»<>» ,
K N?w P Up-to-Date. >nd « r : s: . ¦ - . Bu "" d . fv^^^-^ss^^^ \
i ¦ . *•:"¦¦ < .., ah k> t- i Colored Feauds Soie, in the very newest shades of mo<?es, greens,, grays and browns. lagazine rOs,
£ ¦ "-i^OT.'iij5& ¦ ¦ '• ; r .¦ i.- • iT 1 *7-inch Flannel Tafeta that is warranted to wear, in some pretty shades of cardinal, heliotrope, -T 1 " 11 !**?. *-L<«H- Jf I X
* I ¦¦•©«"flfe^ " v i- J -u. ' bluet.'.browri, lavendenjandgobe:in.b:ue. ,. - • ' • that hold , gja^S^ fi jff \ X
Jf W^^Jr .\*( ¦¦-.' -^7" m ? J dc w " h Fancy Si.ks that wilinnake neat shirt waists-probably "thirty broken lots of these, not much of twelve 4 x * B I \\\\\\ AT IX
S ¦ iiPw^i^ A but a,l pretty and Arable.:; .-: -. - ,' - ; Jf £« WMI/ O f
I'rfffi^^^™^ SweanfoSf Reductions in Trimmed Hats. L n y %t^^ Uj
S i Jill lVi/rV fwide - ra ' jz^Sm§^5^ Trimmed Hats that were $18.00, 520, !- o , bethe . . ' :?
2° ///I iW bro«dery. inserting, &&&*&*&r«m^_ r „ ' ¦+ ._¦ ¦ - - . , tf « ja R f% b=st and- mist accurate magaiine in the mar- %
* KAiHll - hTi b ° th 5n all ' size3 - $22.^0, CUt tO. Z>1*+*OU ker, have a fine achromatic lens with bulb X
*\sMEllfwki ii.oo; to- . Trimmed Hats that were. #8.00 and «|« e » hutt f r ** » «*7 ••npe and effectual •;
* VAa 7 #?«*» V. V, -'3B£Am CUt tO 9OmOU on special sa'e Wednesday. . ¦ '— * ,1 X
* Y>Ql r ' ° oc ' <-TS!gF'* Special Shirt Waist Hat, $2.95— Just like $6,98 : ;
Sf ~* — ~* - iT", -jJirtZ&t' v picture, only the original looks much bet- D flaf ,<H,,i «„,„ «/¦#«.. «
| Curtain Sale. ,^^ ter; good straw, extmstylish shape, liberal *?*"*'*"' New Man- *
t^t^X " e ' veivet trimming and two buckles;, special at $2.95 'Miring and Hair- $
J Ver^- F ne Lace Curtains-Impcrted to sell at ¦ "¦ ~ ~ UreSSing Parlors X
Jf ."from J 6 to Ji 5 per pair, of which we have . LatiiCS S>lm25 KiU GiOVCS, T9C. Nt»W Ont*f9 '5
»f onlytmall lots of ; i, 2, 4 or 6 pairs of a Anothrr splendid glove offeriEg. for Wednesday— Women's Rque, Glace Kid nww i/|fCH« .^
Jk ' kind left, about 200. pairsF in all, including l '/-n • -l s j j ¦ l< > - j t.*. ' a a *ui The most ha-dsomely appointed in the city." -••
JC Bauenbergs, Insh Poku, ' Brussei, Po-nt de G.oves in browns, trns, • modes, redv grays,' black and white; -.sorl flexible All of th, modern appHances for treating , he *
tf Luxe, Ca'ais and handsome norety curtains, '. skins, made. CXtra Strong, fine, embro'drred backs and two patent C.asps, a sca'p, the hair, face massage, manicuring, 9.
it made on best Fiench net. : To-day .good value {J I 25 g'ove; ' special Wednesday ony, on sa'cstab'es m 9^k^ % ¦ ctc - On '7 «pert»* «n their profession are jf
K OHO* quartet* Off regular \ m ma : n aisle, per pair . ... "-#"2rO employed in these parlors. Private Shampoo "X
J prices* . ' r Mjjjjg, Roonjj^ Electric Fans to .•?
5 500 Curtain Endf— Fine Saxony Brussels, . ' ' 0% ' " B' tftt ~*2 quickly dry the hair. First chss se:v!cu "jj
*.' Ir'sh Pcinti and Battenbergs, all of them 1 \i (UfMMd& StUtS Bm6B&®$W "'¦ ¦ ' moderate prices. ,«
JC yards 'one, sonie of them very wide, suitable «fes»L^v ; -,' J • ¦ : ¦ ¦ — — — — — — — — — •
tf for sash curta-ns, tidies and odd windows, reg- . . 98 15 &22ff5fBm Dj*8SSed <^77O<\ ' X
£ ular value 1 1. 50 each; sale p.ice—^ /^^^^5^ • . W^*^" mmmm%^mmm n MT 00 FWbC \\ *
5 to-day ............ 75c /' imv^^teft/- uolf, 22c. vJp^tX S
$ Ony 2,4 or 6 of a kind. ¦¦ff\ 1 S^^^^^^^4^^% l^P^^^k\- A nice I i-icch-Ion; QMZ. *
J Bathroom, §3.15. %Ju}^^^^^^^^^p^T^^^^^y • v-ir r hair, g ia, s eyes, fui-.f,/ /' Vy S
JC MtdicirtiChest or Ea hrocm Cabinet— Sire S-^-^ — r-~- n . - j^"CI^ Iy drtsssd in pre:tv R^ /• \ W j|
fl I 20x26 inches, made of solid oak, interior pro- .< ¦ \^^ - - . • Hfht~*C0*cr3 With (I I \\ X
9* vided with shelves, dcor has a beveled French '¦'¦ .''..,• . ., kf V • i, ; // \ •*
*| plate mitror, worth : $4-75} <«"o ,f ff^.Thousands of R : fles; Carb : nes, Guns and Muskets of various makes taken by * ac ,. l '**'.(/ ".-> \ "5
| special Wednesday only. .^^.lg, V thc T hrcc Great Powers-the United States, ; Eng^'and and Germany-from h^wX^ \J^ 5
K r*~~>~ **„:<*** Y~ -#— . the na«ves 'in' 1 Samoa in June, 1899, arc now on special sale in The Empor- ' ' oo -^ X
I GrOCerieS iO-Uay. mm _ Fully zooo of tbem> with a little cleaning, polishing and ci in ? , will °° iy W •*
1 Jf Lennox Soap^Proctor & Gamble's, Wednes- > . fe e J ln g 0O d condition for shooting; all of them will make most a:t*itlc decorations &b _n_ c* • • C ' H £
IT day, 18 bars . .5^0 fcr den?, cozy corners, club rooms, etc. Guns in this collection that co3t as mF%^G Sf3GGIQi &3>*Q Of •*
ft Who e Wheat or Graham Flour— Wednesday, high as $30 and $40; all on sale at the uniform price, each . . . . ... B h&t&SBjIiftn W/l/s/fV. X
* 10-lb. sacks . . . . . . . ¦ • ¦ 18c • : — — %0.***MMMJoMMmm wvMMM^njr.
J PcarUe-z-Ib. packages, Wednesday, IV^ HemS titChed TrayS, t HoM H*lr Pins.
JC As-or'ed Soups and' Beans 'in'Tomato Sauce, - 12C. 7 *. G f*\ H °™ **?* **?> a " ° f *?* 3 ¦ good,. It is on special sa'e Wednes- *
I VanCamp-Vwedn^ay 3 tins . , 2BO 7OO fine Hemsutched Lawn Trays, s*« l8 x2 7 T' Cu^fft S£kv Wne^aV « 5 £fe2 f
* fardines-Extra quahty bonel«s, Penaros, large ]nch worth at ;cast aoc each> • ' / . . . / . ." SC ZUt " 5 , A - Wh »«y- Wecinesda y " ¦%*'" %
*. tins, cur legular 25c tin?, and there are none Wednesday onlv %2C special price, per bo'te 6SO
{• better at any price; to-day, 5 f/ns. :•• •'¦¦- :'. * "" ¦ ' '•'¦¦¦ ' v - : • /»..*.« O*-« ' Domes ic Port* r-Equa^ o tic . imported
S . ..... . . . . . . . $1.OO : „ ¦ ¦- o ¦•-¦•• ¦•¦¦ -¦¦"-• ¦¦¦ UUpa P§nS. Wednesday, .d«z=3 . . ... . . $1.OS X
» Kona Coffee— Our already famous Hawaiian ' ' \' ~ " KUff &/tCGiai. 250 Dczen Cube Pins, in an assortment of Extra Fruit Syrups— Ra;pberry and Grenadine, X
}?•" blen^, 1b ...¦•.:.... ..jfOc Heavy ; pile . Axminster Rugs, size 27x60 : fancy des'gns, and containing all whit:, a'.l Wednesday, bottle. ..-. . ¦ ¦ : 23c "f
j^ Orange -Marmzlede^-Madam' Creitcher's or : inches, 'Persiaa_ ; /and floral effects,- beautiful mourning, all jet, and fancy colors a:s3rtcd Teble Claret — An extra good quality '. that give* "jg
W Mrs. Spence's,: /both, homemade, * both'"- very colorings," ; regularly .^3.00; '£'**' *±m* with E jet; worth I oc each; on special : _ satsfiiccon to a large number of our patrons, ;^|
JC nice; glass, tOdi j**" • ' • . • • • • 2QC . special Wednesday .• i -_.;';. n^JCadSO sae Wednesday,, each . ...... OC gallon . . . ..".•• • . '. . 4-Q6
ttflr Mb K9a wgO B(J X9*Jm ism mk - WS*L Jf R ISA CS
1 C E FLEA L,
«L ¦. x m AsK Your Grocer HWEDNESDAY MAY 7, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
kitttn AH Cexnacfiieatioiii to W. 8. LEAKE, Xansger.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS S17 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPH0OT3.
ailTfor THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered br Carrier*, X0» Cents Per Weelc^
Single' CopleM, 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Poatacet
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $0.00
DAILT CALL Oncluilne Sunday), 6 months S.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), S months.... 1.50
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «5c
EUNDAT CALL. One Tear 1.50
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
¦nbacrlptlona.
Eample copies will be forwarded -when requested.
If all •ubecrtbera tn ordering change of address should be
particular to tfve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a proaapt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.... .1118 Broadway
C. GEOBGB KROGXESS. ¦
Xtztger foreign Advertising, Kargaette Building. Chicago.
iLcce Distance Telephone "Central £619.")
NEW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.Y .Herald Square
\ NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. \
BRAXCH OFFICES— 327 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 6:20 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open ur:tll 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
.NEW .YORK,; May 6.— The following
Californians have arrived : San Francisco
— A. ¦-•; Pearson,: J.' Olson, at the Grand
Union; C.' Jenkins, . L. W. Sanborn and
wife. H. Ir-McGIll and 1 wife, at the Her-
Californians; in. New York.
It took a yard of words for an Oakland • Chinese,
recently , deceased/ to make disposition of his prop
erty. Perhaps if he knew of the danger of super
fluous phrases in ordinary wills he would have been
more, brief.
Excessively-high prices for butter in the East are
said'to have been broken down by shipments from
California, so it se'ems we are getting: there with a
new competition that is beneficial \ all round. It is to
be regretted; though, that the prices broke.
¦Edward Chambers, freight manager of
the I Santa ' Fe, r with , headquarters at Los
Angeles, is at the Palace, accompanied
by his, wife. '.•« .-¦¦..¦..
Dr. C. A. Devlin, a prominent dentist of
Vallejo, is. among : the arrivals at the
Grand. . » ' > >
C. M. Hintz, the publisher of an agri
cultural paper at Los Angeles, is at the
Grand.;;*-/ ,
Countess de Gaste arrived here yester
day from-Montreal and is a guest at the
Grand.
:F. G. Noyes, a -well-known resident of
Napa, is among, the arrivals at the Pal
ace. . ; ','¦¦ ...
D. S. Rosenbaum, a well-known capital
ist of Stockton, is at the Palace.
S.E.- Lowe, a well-known resident of
PacificGrove, is at the Occidental. .
PERSONAL: MENTION;
. The reports of the Weather Bureau show, Chicago
to be the windiest city in the Union, surpassing even
San Francisco in that respect, and yet "there are not
winds enough to .keep the air clear of coal smoke.
According to a' recent statement, "every post
mortem examination of a person who has lived any
length of time in Chicago shows a deposit of coal
dust in -the lungs." What Chicago needs is a breeze
that will whistle through the lungs of.the citizen as
well as through his whiskers. '
Cecil Rhodes'. will is likely to undergo an over
hauling in the -English courts, as a question has
arisen as to the location of his. domicile at the time
the will was made. The will itself declares Rhodes
to have been domiciled in Rhodesia, but it is claimed
there is evidence to prove""he was really domiciled in
England, afrd the Westminster Gazette says: "The
mere statement in the will that he was domiciled in
Rhodesia is of noweight in law* except as' evidence
of his belief that it was so." If 'domiciled in Eng
land the estate will be taxed for death duties, which
will amount to about $800,060, and, what is more im
portant, serious questions will arise under English
law as to the secret trusts, to which a very large
portion of the estate is left. V . C -.\ T."-'-'^V-
What has been done for the bleak, blizzard States
of the Northwest and for the Canadian 'provinces
can be done for California. We have here far bet
ter inducements to. offer to men of industry and
thrift than any other State in the Union.' If we have
not as. cheap land as Manitoba we have vast quanti
ties of land which will yield a better profit to intelli-.
gent cultivation than any other land in the world. In
comparison with the : revenues received from culti
vation our -higher' priced lands are cheaper than
¦ At the-present time a vast migratory movement is
under way in the East. /-Thousands of home-seekers
are journeying from the Mississippi Valley to the
Northwest, whence they are overflowing our boun
daries and entering Canada. The movement in
that direction is due to the fact that all the* induce
ments which Montana, North Dakota and Manitoba
can offer to settlers h?ve been elaborately advertised
in the East. The Canadian Government, in particu
lar, has been distributing far and wide reports of the
good opportunities that are afforded for home
seekers :n the western provinces of. the Dominion,
and as a consequence the thoughts of the people are
turned in that direction. The migratory movement
then, is not in any sense a spontaneous one. It has
been carefully worked up and "directed by intelligent
and organized effort. i
A RRANGEMEN.TS • made for the excursion
ZA of San Francisco business men through the
*• San Joaquin Valley^ give evidence of the keen
interest taken by many of our leading citizens in the
movement for the upbuilding of Northern Califor
nia. The excursion will of course be a pleasant one,
but it is not for pleasure only that so many of our
business men are going to leave the city and ta'ke
part in the tour. To them the occasion "will be one
of business as well as of pastime. While giving due
attention and appreciation to the scenery along the
route and to the hospitality of the people, Ithey will
not neglect to carefully study "the industrial possi
bilities of the various localities they visit and note
the opportunities offered for the profitable invest
ment of capital. > «
THE SAN JOAQUIN TOUR.
A lady of this city is suing her husband for divorce
on the ground that he refused most emphatically to
eat a pudding which with much care she had made
for him. This certainly suggests itself as a timely
subject for argument by that august assemblage of
women's clubs which is to make Los Angeles wiser
and better.
SACRAMENTO, 'May 6.— A convention
of swamp land owners, trustees of re
clamation .districts and others interested
in the subject of drainage and river im
provements, called at the suggestion of
the Sacramento Valley Improvement As
sociation, met to-day in Pioneer. Hall. J.
O. Coleman of the Improvement Associa
tion called the convention^lo order. There
was a large representation of swamp land
owners. Frank Miller of Sacramento was
elected temporary president; G. F. McNo
ble of Stockton, .temporary vice president,
and T. H. Sullenger of Grimes, temporary
secretary.
Welcome was extended to the delegates
by Mayor George H. Clark. Addresses
pertinent to the questions to be consider
ed were made by A. L. Shinn, F. D.
Ryan, Commissioner of. Public Works;
Senator R. T. Devlin of Sacramento and
John C. Ferris of San Francisco.
The following committee on organiza
tion was appointed: A. T. J. Reynolds,
John H. Glide Jr., C. E. Clarke,. Sacra
mento; G. F. McNoble, John Herd, San
Joaquin County; Jesse Poundstone, Julian
Boggs, Colusa County.
In the afternoon R. T. Devlin, P. Van
Loben Sels, Will S. Green and others
spoke op the necessity of organization
and legislative action to obtain unanim
ity or results. ->-f' 1
A general committee of twenty-four was
appointed, eight from the country north
of Sacramento, eight from the river coun
try west and south of the city, and eight
from the San Joaquin River district. They
are as follows: J. W. Browning, B. G.
Peart, John Coughlan, G. W. Chapman.
John Hart, L. Tarke, E. E. Poffenberger,
A." C. Blngham, J. P. Sargent, J. N.
Woods, W. C. White, B. F. Rolerson, W.
B. Matthews, Fred H. Harvey, E.L. WI1
hoit, G. F. McNoble, A. T."J. Reynolds
A. L. Shinn, J. H. Glide,, F. F. Ryer,
Peter Cook, B. Ettlinger, : Fred Zelle, P.
J. Van Lobe n Sels. . -
Later the committee met and elected
an executive committee composed of
Messrs. Harvey, McNoble, .Glide, Van Lo
ben Sels, Tarke and- PeartI
aid Square; J. H. Scanlon, F. G. Baker, I
at the Imperial; E. E. Walley, C. P.
Heininger, C. Wood, at the Broadway
Central; G.D. Cooper,. F." Titus, at the
Manhattan; C.'F. Hunt arid .wife, Mm.
N. McMurray. at the Gilsey: L. A. Levy
and wife, at the Savoy; P. D. Martin, D.
Porter, at the Holland; R. Ornard and
wife, at the Netherlands.
San Jose^-J. Brooks and wife, at the
Manhattan. . , ¦ ...
. San Diego— H. A. Putnam/ at the Plaza
The names of the departed comrades
are: Job Sternberg, O. T. Lemen, Benja
min Collins Jr., George D. Flack J \.
Me Arthur, W. B. Benchley, Christopher
Specht, J. J. Shattuck, : Fred Hayes, Eu
gene Wiegand, Ed Downer, William O
Gould, W. H. Seamans, H. C. French'
Ed Carlson, R. B. Milroy and James
Dewing. ( .
The officers of the post who took part
In the services were: Post Commander
A. D. Cutler, Junior Vice Commander F
L.Turpin. Adjutant John H. Roberts and
Chaplain Seldon Stringer. Miss Helen
Colburn Heath sang ''The Star-Spangled
Banner" and "Soldier, Rest, Thy War
fare's O'er." She , was accompanied bv
Miss Julia Tharp.
George H. Thomas Post, Grand Army
of the Republic, held impressive memo
rial serivces last night in Golden Gate
Hall in memory of those comrades who,
during the last year, were summoned by
the Great Commander to join that ever
increasing throng of veterans whose life
journey has been completed. The hall
was appropriately decorated for the oc
casion. On both sides of the stage were
suspended large American flags and folds
of red, white and blue were draped
around the gallery. The post's colors
were furled and dra*ped in • mourning. A
large number, of Grand Army veterans
were in attendance at the exercises.
General William R. Shatter delivered
an eloquent memorial address, in which
he extolled the loyalty of the Civil War
heroes and praised the United States Gov
ernment for t the care which, it Is taking
of its veteran' soldiers. He described bow
the United State3 is having brought home
the bodies of all soldiers who lost their
lives during the late Spanish war in Cuba
or in the Philippines, so that they may
rest in the family plats or be consigned
to earth in the national cemeteries wher<»
their graves will always be kept green
and honor,? paid to their memory. \
He said that the cardinal principles of
the Grand Army constitution were fra
ternity, charity and - loyalty. The first
two, he said, were intended for the ben
efit of the comrades themselves, but the
profession of loyalty is for their country
He said that it .was one of the objects
6t the Grand Army to inspire the youth
of the country « with a feeling of loyalty
for its native land, and the great success
which it was encountering in doing this
was well attested by the response with
which the young men meV the Govern
ment's call fbr troops at the breaking out
of the recent war.
TO RECLAIM
CALIFORNIA'S
SWAMP LANDS
"^TWO GENTLEMEN 'WHO ARE
, INTERESTED IN SUCCESS OF
THE BENEFIT. ¦¦'.
The difference between the genuine reform cut
lined in the New York budget and that which is
embodied in the estimates of Auditor Baehr for San
Francisco is .striking. San Francisco has a popula
tion at the last national census of 342,782, while New
York by the same census had a population of 3,437,
212, or approximately ten times the population of
this city. Baehr's estimate for the San Francisco
police force .is $913,172. The reform budget of New
York allows $11,336,830. For our School Depart
ment the Auditor estimates $1,200,000, but that sum
is to include expenditures for permanent improve
ments and a children's playground at North Beach.
The New York budget allows to the Department of
Education $19,223,017. It will be seen that the re
form government in New York gives for education
more than sixteen times as much as we give for
schools with permanent improvements included; and
it also makes nearly a« good a showing in providing
for the police and the protection of the community.
San Francisco cannot afford to lag behind pro
gressive American communities in the work of mu
nicipal development and improvement. The children
of the city are entitled to adequate education and
suitable school buildings and facilities. Ample po
lice protection, clean streets, good hospitals and a
well supported public library are also among the
things the community has a right to expect. It is
the duty of the city authorities to consider' the gen
uine needs of the people in making, up the next tax
levy, and in doing so they should bear in mind they
are going to b.e judged by something more than the
rate of taxation. The people will take note of what
is done for education, streets and public security,
and will not accept parsimony for improvement.
The San Francisco authorities may profitably
study the example that has been set by the adminis
tration of Mayor Low. It teaches that reform does
not mean stinginess nor does economy mean parsi
mony. A good city government will not hesitate to
expend money required for the public good, nor
will the people disapprove of such expenditures if
the disbursements be made with honesty and the
work of the various departments be faithfully per
formed.
Some of the items in which an increase of expendi
ture is given are worth noting. The Tammany esti
mate for the Department of Public Charities was
$1,598,884; the Revised budget allows $1,773,960, or
En "increase of $175,076. For hospitals the 'original
estimate was $462,086, while the revision gives $572,
086, being an increase of $110,000. The estimates for
the Department of Street Cleaning was raised from
$5,176,712 to $5,187,112, an increase of $10,400. For
library purposes the Tammany estimate was $364,
843, while the budget gives $391,543- Thus it will be
seen that in the important works of charity, hospi
tals, street cleaning and public libraries the reform
administration not pnly purposes to give a more
economical and more efficient administration, but al
lows larger expenditures as well.
The revised budget made up by the reform gov
ernment is actually larger than the budget originally
estimated by the Tammany officials. A detailed
statement of the two published in parallel columns
by the Brooklyn Eagle shows that while the Tam
many estimate was for a total expenditure of $94,210,
905, the revised estimates give a total of $94,932,872.
U.NDER the administration of Mayor Low
New York City has entered upon a career of
genuine reform. The estimates which have
been made for the various departments of the gov
ernment show that it is the intention to carry out
reform by doing good work and not by making a
pretense of economy by the practice of parsimony.
Apparently there is to be no stinting of money where
money is needed, and public approval is to be
sought not by making a display of low tax rates, but
by the practice of true economy and the accomplish
ment of beneficial results.
GENUINE REFORM.
THOMAS POST
HOLDS SERVICE
FOR ITS DEAD
The profession has never more willingly
lent its services. ¦ The institution, which
opened in New York on the first of the
month, appeals to every actor and ac
tress, and they have volunteered with
alacrity. The programme is a long one
and is filled with surprises. Milton Noble*
of the Orpheum, who has arranged it,
states it will take four solid' hours to run
off. Encores will not and cannot be allow
ed. The audience will be treated to vaude
ville, comic opera, tragedy and comedy.
The cleverest people now winning favor
in this city have contributed their best
acts. Every theater will send its best tal
ent. A handsome souvenir programme
will be distributed. The doors will open
at noon, and the performance will neces
sarily begin at 1 o'clock sharp, in order
that the entertainment can be concluded
at 5 p. m. ¦ I . .¦
EVERY seat in the Columbia Theater
will be occupied Thursday after
noon and standing-room will be at
a premium. The benefit entertain
ment in aid of the actors* home
fund has attracted a great deal of atten
tion among local theater-goers. They
have generously , come forward and by
patronizing the coming entertainment will
add many hundreds of dollars to a cause
that is a worthy one.
In the course of .time the . true California will
make itself known. Bret Harte's pictures will
then cease to be harmful misrepresentations. Peo
ple will recognize them for what they are, pictures
of a vanished and romantic class which did not last
long and was never really dominant in the State.
We have in his death to. mourn a brilliant promise
that was unfulfilled, but none the less to rejoice that
he left us so much that is tender, beautiful and true
of the brave days of old. ;
Harte's relations . to California are curious. He
did more to make the State known and to excite
popular interest in :t than any other man, or any
other ten men, for that' matter. His pictures of
California life were universally read and admired,
and it is not too much to say that he formed the
Eastern and European ideals of what Californians
are. It happened, however, that the State rapidly
changed and developed from a mining camp . to a
great and ; highly diversified community, while
Harte's stories presented always the same types of
picturesque figureT*1n wool shirts and high' boots'
ready with the pistol and reckless alike of gold and
blood. Thus in the e^nd his romances did us per
haps more harm than good, and we can hardly agree
that he is so genuinely Californian as the East deems
him.
That there is much in the early writings of Harte
to justify the bright expectations of his admirers is
not to be denied, and many of his short stories will
live among the enduring gems of American letters."
His more ambitious works, however, were.compara
tive failures. After he left California" he did not
grow as was expected. - While he "never at'any time
sank to mediocrity in his writing, he did not
produce anything after he left the State that was
equal to that which he brought , forth while here.
Perhaps had he remained in California and devel
oped with the State itself he might have achieved
far more than he did.
Thus it happened that while in San Francisco he
was not accounted a man of pre-eminent genius, his
success in the East and in Europe was enormous.
During the days' when "The Luck of Roaring
Camp" and "The Heathen Chinee" were new Bret
Harte had a reputation in the East not inferior to
that which Kipling enjoyed in the early days of the
Kipling craze. .There werepeople who declared him
superior to Dickens in his capacity to create char
acters, in his pathos and in his humor. It was
freely predicted that he would write "the great Amer
can novel" and stand forth as a master novelist of
his time.
In the East and in Europe Bret Harte stands as
the distinctively Californian Vvriter, the delineator
of California life and character. He obtained that
reputation early in; his career by his picturesque
stories of the mining camps and the . adventurous
men and women who established them in the days
of the gold excitement. Those stories "and poems,
written in a charming style, with" graphic clearness
and with no little force and skill in the delineation
of certain types of men, were sufficiently infused
with local color to be recognized as genuine pictures
of the mining districts, and yet at the same time ro
mantic enough to please people who had never seen
California even more than they pleased Californians
themselves.
BY the death of Bret Harte American literature
loses a writer who at one time gave promise
of reaching the 'highest eminence .in the
world ofletters. That promise was but inadequately
fulfilled, and yet enough was accomplished to give
him a wider, repute than any other Californian of his
time and obtain for him a recognition abroad as
well as at home. It is therefore a notable man who
disappears from the world, and his loss ' will be
widely mourned on both sides of the Atlantic.
BRET HARTE.
The British Government has been caught trying
to seize a Malay state.' One would think that our
friend John .Bull had. more . than he needed for
awhile at least on the seizing tine. His experience
in South Africa would satisfy an ordinary nation for
d century.
If her Czar would go to school to the Mikado he
could get some lessons in government and in re
spect for the rights of man that would benefit his
people if he had sense enough to apply them.
This minion of a -tyrant, in other words, com
plains of that in the Finns which any other Govern
ment would hail as a sign of soundness and security.
It seems hopeless to expect that Russia's inverted
and pernicious view of life and government will ever
be reformed, except by a revolution which will sweep
Czardom and all her other diseases to destruction.
She lingers unduly on the modern stage. In the
Pacific she assumes offensive airs toward Japan,
when that insular empire is more her superior in
every quality that makes a modern nation than she
is the superior of the Esquimaux of the Lena.
The Finnish Bulletin reports the suppression of a
lafge number of newspapers. Within the last few
weeks one in Viborg was suppressed for good, an
other suspended four months, another three months
and three for two months. Five others have re
ceived warning. The Finnish telegraph, a press as
sociation for supplying news by wire, has been or
dered to cease business. This shuts out from Fin
land all news from the rest of the world. The Bul
letin will not long escape the brutal vengeance which
has overtaken so many of its contemporaries, for it
makes bold to say that these measures are part of
a deliberate policy to suppress freedom of opinion
and prevent the dissemination of news.' General
Kragorodof, a provincial Governor appointed by
General Bobrikof, complains of the bad habit of
reading newspapers, and of their cheapness and
large circulation!
One leading offense most infuriating to Russia was
the free press of Finland. There were more news
papers printed in Finland, in proportion to the
population, than in any other part of Northern
Europe.
All this can have but the reason we assign to it.
The Finns were a living rebuke to the policy of re
pression practiced by Russia. They showed what
men can do for themselves and the world when free,
with their minds not subject to degrading supersti
tions and their personal rights respected. It is not
for their vices that they are cast into slavery, but
for their virtues. They have sinned against the pol
icy of the Holy Synod and the Czar, and 'the man
hood must be scourged out of them with Cossack
whips.
All the liberties of the. people are now under ban.
Their schools are reduced to the level of the rest of
Russia. Public spirit has become a crime. The
country is garrisoned by Cossacks. The people are
commanded to use the Russian language and are
even whipped for their slow acquisition of that bar
barous tongue. Where recently was happiness there
is misery. • Discontent has taken the place of con
tentment, and the blight and curse of Russian au
tocracy, ignorance, superstition and tyranny rest
upon a land but recently "the most contented in Eu
rope.
' Abrogation of the treaty was purely arbitrary and
tyrannical. It was made by an ancestor of the Czar
and has been faithfully observed by his house until
now. Th«re existed no reason" for its arbitrary
withdrawal. The Finns are an orderly people, not
ill disposed toward the empire, , and offending, if at
all, only through their system- . of education, their
general intelligence and enjoyment of freedom. It
may well be that these things are offensive to Rus
sia, where education is" repressed/ students are mur
dered by Cossack soldiery, and the country is held
back in the jjrim grip of a medieval, civilization by
denying tc the people the means of progress which
have been used by the Finns, and " have developed*
other parts of Europe. One can .see why the Czar
should desire to remove a good example beyond the
sight of his people, and should therefore striRe down
education, progress and manhood, preceding his
ghastly act by the" dastardly "withdrawal of a solemn
treaty. . 1
RUSSIAN policy toward Finland is illustrative*
of what comes upon a people when they are
ruled by arbitrary power. The Czar has set
aside the ancient treaty which guaranteed the auton
omy of Finland, and by a series of most oppressive
acts 'has attempted to minister to the Finns the
same treatment that has niade Russia odious - to
Poland. ;^ ; > ..-..¦ ;¦ ''"' . ¦ " '
OPPRESSION OF THE FINNS.
lands which in the remote wilds of the Canadian
provinces are given away. To' all home-seekers,
therefore, who have any capital to start with Califor
nia is a better land than the/can find elsewhere.
The excursion to the San Joaquin will enable our
business men.to see for themselves the richness of
the land and the magnificent resources that await de
velopment. They will thus be given a new enthu
siasm in the movement to bring settlers into the
State and at the same time they will have attained a
better knowledge of how to go about the work. On
the other hand, the residents of the San Joaquin will
get acquainted with the business men of the city and
learn how willingly San Francisco will co-operate
with every local effort for improvement and ad
vancement, j Thus a benefit will come to visitors and
to hosts alike, and there can be. little doubt the ex
cursion will be^so successful that it will be followed
by many similar ones in the near future.
ACTORS' HOME FUND
WILL NET TIDY SUM
REPUBLICAN
PARTY LEADERS
DISCUSS PLANS
The sub-committee of the Republican
State Executive Committee, which was
recently charged With the duty fcf pre
paring the general features of a call for
the nominating convention of the party,
will soon be ready to present a report. It
is understood that the committee will rec
ommend Sacramento as the place, and
Monday, September 1, as the time for
holding the convention. As the State
Fair opening has been postponed until
September 9, the pavilion at Sacramento
can be used for convention purposes dur
ing the first week of that month. The
Democrats will probably hold their con
vention to . nominate State officers some
time between the 20th and 30th of August.
Democratic leaders remark that Sacra
mento is not the only convention city of
the State, and that the pavilion of the
State Agricultural Society is not the only
convention hall in California. This year,
owing to the lateness of the Republican
convention, the Democrats may be forced
to put their ticket in the field before the
Republican delegates assemble. Many
Democratic leaders favor San Francisco
as a place of meeting. The fact is re
called that Governor Irwin was nominat
ed at Union Hall, Governor Bartlett at
Odd Fellows' Hall, and Governor BudcT
at the Baldwin Theater of this city. Gov-~
ernor Stoneman was nominated at San
Jose. San Francisco Is the luckiest of
all the places for the Democrats.
Accounts received by The Call from va
rious sections of the State are to the ef
fect that the Gage machine cannot elect
a sufficient number of delegates) to orga
nize the Republican convention, hence no
surprise would be created if the Gage or
gans should come Into line for Lieutenant
Governor Neft for chairman. The stal
wart forces of the Republican party now
engaged In the battle for good govern
ment and clean politics would prefer that
the bosses should disclose the name* of
their candidate for the chairmanship, but
the manipulators in the boss camp are
afraid to submit the issue to the people.
The Republican voters of the State, how
ever, will name the chairman of the con
vention at the primary^ elections on
August 12. As it seems to be generally
settled that Gage caimot win the fight for
renomination. the politicians are begin
ning to speculate concerning the second
choice of the machine forces. Gage will
probably favor some gubernatorial as
pirant dwelling In Northern or Central
California, so as to make affairs a little
smoother for a Senatorial candidate from
the south.
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz and Fire
Commissioner Parry will visit Vallejo to
morrow evening and address a union la
bor meeting under the auspices of the
Vallejo Federated Trades and Labor
Council. Mayor Schmitz has a multitude
of friends in Sclano County.
Wants Buena Vista Park Improved.
The Market Street and Eureka Valley
Improvement Club has filed a petition with
the Board of Supervisors requesting that
Buena Vista Park be Improved. The pe
tition says that the parlc is the rendez
vous of criminals and tramps and that
recently a footpad made his escape by
taking refuge within the deep shadows of
the park's bushy lanes and trails. Soma
one proposes to build an observatory in
the park, and the club suggests that the
upper part be used as a temperance re
freshment parlor, where a band could
play popular music.
THE ;&AK; r FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1902.
6
AHUSEMENTS.
Columbia Theater — Extra — Benefit of the New Actors'
Home, Thursday afternoon.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Leather Patch."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle De« Dee."
California — "L'nder the Red Robe." , •
Tivoll— "The Einslng Girl."
Central — "Mrs. Partington." . J
Alcazar— "When the Heart "Was Tonne.'*
Columbia — "An American Citizen."
JCew Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. "
ANOTHER GERM DESTROYER.
Herpicide Is Death to Dandruff
Germs. '
The germ burrows into the scalp, throw-
ing up the cuticle in thin scales, called
dandruff, or scurf, and. digging at the
root of the hair, where it saps the hair's
vitality. First . comes . brittle hair, then
lusterless;and dead-like hair, then falling
hair, and, finally, baldness.- Nine-tenths
of the hair ' troubles, are caused by dan-
druff. "Without: dandruff hair will grow
luxuriantly, as nature intended. "Herpi-
cide" kflls the dandruff germ, leaving the
halr_to grow unhampered, as it does with
the American fedmari.
1 - ¦ - ¦-.-¦¦"". - . »
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER
Call tmbnertbern contemplating a chancre *>1
residence Anrlng the mnmer months can have
(heir paper forwarded br mall to their new
addresses hy notifying- The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented or a local aarent In
all tomu on the const.
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's*
, Townsend's "California glace fruit. 50c a
"pound; In boxes ox Jap. bask-
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses . and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main KM! .•
"Dr." is an abbreviation frequently
used to express the relations of a patient
to his physician.
T? Going to Thunder Mountain ??
The Northern Pacific Railway is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lcwlstan
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon roa.Cs
to#elther Warrens cr Dixie," from which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATEL.5K.
G. A.. 647 Market St.. S. F.
One bottle of Burnett's Vanyia Extract is
better than three at doubtful kind. Though cost-
ins a few cents more per bottle, its purity ani
treat strength make it most economical brand.
Interest of the public in a man's private
affairs increases as he climbs the ladder
of fame.
SiiTscHiwTi
§ PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. |
I A SWELL, SMART STYLE. I
*3 Never before were patent leather fj
M shoes in such demand. Fashion B
j has stamped them as the proper f;
H style, and every one wears them. H
B This week we will make a special fa
i offer. Ladles* patent leather lac* }3
¦ \ shoes, with dull kid tops, straight l
I perforated vamps, new coin toes H
and tips, extension soles, with fair U
stitching and military heels. THE ft
sT^id^A^Er 13 - Slzea **& I
STRAP BUTTON SANDAlS^fn 1
coin toes turned soles and French 1
heels. REDUCED TO 91. SO for 1
,uiSthrA k toD l3r - Slzes * to 7 * : 1
ou^^endTor^ont catalo^ e * ust 1
Country orders solicited. p
¦ B. KATSGBINSKI, J
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO; S
I IO THIRD STREET. |
p '^ an Francisco. r]Malt-Nutrine is especially adapted to
sufferers from nervousness. It soothes
the nerves and induces restful slumber.
Prepared only by Anheuser-Busch Brew
ing Ass'n, St. Louis, U. S. A. '¦ ±1. '[ '-',* ¦
Helpful to Nervous People.
The launching of the steel tbwboat
built for the Ship-Owners' and Merchants'
Tugboat Company by the Fulton Engin
eering, and Ship Building Works will
take place . to-night at the company's
yards at Harbor View, at 10:50 o'clock.
The vessel will be fitted with oil-burning
apparatus and . will be one of the most
powerful tugs on the bay. *
New Vessel for Company.
DELIVERY WAGON CLASS: Class 4S—
Best exhibit station wagon, double or single.
Class 4&— Best exhibit delivery wagon, double
or single. Class 50 — Best exhibit milk wagon,
double or single.
be shown before a buggy. Class 47 — Beat pair
driving, horses, to be shown before a six-seat er.
CARPENTERS
READY FOR WAR
Getting Hot.
Dispute With Building
Trades Council .Is
Brotherhood Openly Defies
the Action of Master
Builders.
. The troubles between the members of
the United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners and the ¦ Building Trades
Council threaten to develop into a serious
muddle unless one or the other side backs
down gracefully. At 'present both fac
tions are defiant and members of either
organization look for an open rupture at
an early date. . , :^-'^
At a meeting of /the Master Builders
last night a resolution was. adopted sus
taining the Building Trades Council~in
its controversy with Carpenters' Union
No. 483. This union insisted upon holding
its membership In the Labor Council and
when the Building Trades Council de
manded that it withdraw, from the Labor
Council it declined to do so. The result
was that it severed | its connection with
the Building Trades Council, and the
opening gun in the war was fired.
When the District Council of the.broth
erhood heard of the action taken by "the
Master Builders, a resolution of defiance
"was immediately adopted.. The following
notice to the brotherhood was issued, ar.a
it is important in that- it calls upon
members to quit work on any building
should one of the brotherhood ' b« dis
charged • because of the dispute . now on
between the rival organizations:
To All Members of the Brotherhood of Car
penters: At a meeting of the District Council
held on this date a resolution was adopted In
structing members not to be guided by any ac
tion taken by the so-called conference of build
ers held on this date, and that we ¦- do not
recognize - the right of any builders' organiza
tion to force locals of the brotherhood to take
action In violation of Its laws;
You are Instructed In case of the discharge
of any member of the brotherhood on account
of said builders to immediately cease work on
any building on which you may be employed
and ¦ report at headquarters.
The council received a letter from Pres
ident W; D. Huber of the United Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners of Amer
ica calling upon them to remain firm in
their atitude against the Building Trades
Council. He said that the laws of the
brotherhood must be adhered to, and he
expressed regret that- Carpenters' Union
No. 22, to which . P. H. McCarthy of the
Building Trades Council belongs, shows
a disposition to run the entire machine.
The District Council was assured that the
rank and file of the brotherhood was with
the San- Francisco members in their fight
for independence.
Delegate D. Hupp of the District Coun
cil, who a member of Carpen-ters'
Union No/** 304, Said last night that his
union had withdrawn from the Building
Trades Council because the officers of
that body "persisted in hounding all
members who remained *- faithful to the
United Brotherhood." This leaves two
unions which are still affiliated with the
Building Trades Council, and it is ex
pected they will soon withdraw from that
body. "
The Building Trades Council last night
issued a statement in connection with the
adjustment of the dispute between the
material teamsters and contractors, Mn
which it says that the contractors were
perfectly willing to meet - the teamsters
half way on all their demands, and that
they showed a commendable spirit in the
negotiations which ended in a fair ad
justment of the controversy.. The con
tractors, did not oppose the demand for
more wages, because they believed that
the . demand was just and should be
gTanted. The result is harmony of action
between contractors . and teamsters. '
Children's First Communion.
A large class of boys and. girls will take
first- communion in St. Francis Church,
Valiejo street, at 8 o'clock on Thursday
morning next. The course of instructions
in St. Francis Church for first communi
cants embraces the fundamental facts of
human existence, the commandments of
God and the three phases of the future
state. The music at the 8 o'clock mass
and at vespers will be rendered by the
young- ladies' choir. . "
HORSES OWNED -BY LI VERY STABLES
OF.- SAN MATEO ' COUNTY : Class 45— Best
slnrle '¦; driving -horse, to be ' shown ; before- a
buggy. ' Class -Iti— Best pair driving; horses, Ho
' DRIVING COMPETITIONS: Class 3S — Best
performance of an amateur : In driving a" ; tan
dem through : obstacles ¦ (other tests at ,the op
tion " of: the judges). ;' Class 39— Best perform
ance of an amateur in. driving; a, four-in-hand
through obstacles (other tests. at the option of
the judges). . ' Class _ 40— Best performance of
a professional! in -driving a pair, throughiob
stacles'(other tests at the option of the Judges>;
mounting and dismounting the box. good form,
generally, will -be counted \ as well as ¦ hbrse-^
mariship. : . ¦¦:' ¦...' ¦"'¦'.¦ '¦..-.' ¦ ¦=¦ -.v '1 ' ' : - \
, -i STALLION CLASSES: Class 41 — Best thor
oughbred stallion. Class 42— Best . trotting
stallion.' Class • 43 — Best . - ; hackney stallion..
Class 4t— Best hackney stallion and- get. _¦
POLO ; PONIES : /.. Class 31— Best polo pony;
to be shown through bending poles. HandlneaB
to count CO per cent; conformation and sound
ness .50 per, cent. ; '¦/..¦¦ :'¦ V :
JUMPING CLASSES : Class 32— For ama
teurs only ; • conformation of horse to count 50
per cent, -performance over hurdles 50 per" cent.
Class 3:J-— Open j to all ; ' performance over hur
dles only '- to • count. ¦ Class ' 34 — For ' ponies < 14
hands 3 -Inches • or under; performance over
hurdles only to count; gentlemen riders. Class
35 — Best \ high jumper. Claes * 30 — Consolation
class; open to all; first prize winners In classes
32 and 33 barred; performances over > hurdles
only to -count.' Clas» 37 — Consolation -class,
pony jumpinB; class; 14 hands 3 inches or un
derj'first prize winner, in data 34 barred;, gen
tlemen riders; , performances , over s hurdles only
totcount. ... .. ¦,..
•PONIES UNDER SADDLE: All ponies en
tered in these classes ¦ must be practically
sound and have Rood manners. The gaits re
quired to be shown will. be. the walk, trot and
canter. Class 29— -Best t>ony under 13 hands 2
Inches. ,¦¦ Class 30— Best pony 13 hands 2 Inches
and under- 14 hands 3 inches.
, SADDLE HORSES: Saddle horses to be
judged on their quality, manners, race, con
formation and ability, to carry weight • speci
fied.« T»fe calts required to be shown will be
the , walk, trot and canter. -Class 25 Besi
horse up to carry 150 pounds, 14 hands 3 inches
and ' not exceeding 15 hands • 2 Inches. . Class
20 — Best horse up to carry 200 pounds, exceed
ing 15. hands- 2 inches. Class 27 — Best lady's
saddle horse, : 15 r hands" or over, (/lass 2S —
Best double-gaited horse.' /
PONIES IN, HARNESS:: All ponies entered
in these classes must be practically sound,
have . sr jod manners" and be shown to appro
priate vehicles. Class 2;J — Best pony, 13'hands
'1 Inches and under 14 hands 3 inches. Class
24 — Best pair of ponies, 13 hands 2 inches and
under 14 hands 3 • Inches. ,
FOUR-IN-HANDS : S Class 20 — Best park
team; horses to count, SO ner cent; brake or
coach to count 50 per cent. : Class 21— Best
road team; horses only to count; suitable for
country work before a brake > or coach.' Class
22 — Best Dark team; shown before a brake or
coach; horses only to count. — ""¦ ¦ •'
APPOINTMENT CLASSES: Class 13— Best
horse 14 hands 3'lnches and not over 15 hands
3, inches, suitable for lady; ! must be shown
before appropriate trap; horse to count CO per
cenu trap and appointments 40 per cent. Class
14 — Best pair of horses 14 Hands 3 inches and
not over u . 15 hands 3 inches, suitable for a
lady (same conditions as class 13). Class IS —
Best horse and runabout; horse to count 60 per
cent, runabout and appointments 40 per cent.
TANDEMS : ¦ Class 10 — Pony harness tan
dem, wheeler over. 13 hands 3 inches and under
14 hands 3 Inches. Class 17 — Best harness tan
dem, wheeler 14 hands 3 inch*; or over. Class
18 — Sporting tandem; horses only to count and
performance over hurdles. Class 19 — Beat har
ness tandem.
HARNESS HORSES (open to all)— Horse3
entered in these classes must be practically
sound and have good manners. They will be
judged on I their quality, conformation, action
and manners. No ' horse to be driven faster
than an ordinary park gait (ten miles an hour),
except In class 15. Class S — Best horse 1-i
hands 3 inches and under VS- hands 3 inches,
suitable for gig. Class 9— Be«st pair of horses
14 hands 3 inches and under 15 hands 3 Inches,
suitable, for spider, T . cart. Stanhope phaeton
or Victoria. Class 10 — Best horse 15 hands 3
Inches or over, suitable for brougham. Class
11 — Best pair of, horses 15 hands 3 inches or
over, suitable for landau, vis-a-vis, wagonette
or bus. Class 12 — Best high-stepper in . the
show, over 14 hands 3 inches, champion class.
' HARNESS HORSES, bred in California,
novice classes — Horses entered in these
•classes must have been bred in the State of
California. They must be practically sound,
have good manners, and be shown before ap
propriate vehicles. ; They will be Judged on
their quality, conformation, action and man
ners. No horse to be driven faster. • than ' an
ordinary park gait (ten miles an hour.) All
blue-ribbon winners in previous California
shows are barred, except in class 7. This
rule will not prohibit the showing of a blue
ribbon winner as one of a pair, the other
being a novice. Class 3 — Best horse 14 hands
3 .inches, and under 15 hands 3 inches. Class
4 — Beet pair of horses 14 hands 3 inclie3, and
under 15 . hands 3 Inches. Class 5 — Best horse
15 hands 3 inches or over. Class 6 — Best pair
of horses 15 hands 3 inches or over. Class
7 — Best hizh-stepping horse over 14 hands
3 inches. Mouth, style, conformation and
hock' action also considered. To be shown in
harness before appropriate vehicle.
ROADSTEKS — Horses entered in ttese
classes must show conformation, quality,
style, ¦ and be practically Sound. Roadsters,
when mature, , should not . be under fifteen
hands one '• inch - high, and will be
judged as horses driven regularly on fhe
road. Pacers will be eligible in these
'classes, but they yvill not be judged in com
petition with j trotters. Class 1 — Horse, ": and
best- appointed rcad-rlg; j horse to v count. 60
per- cent, v wagon 20 per cent, harness -and
general appointments 20 per cent. Class 2—
Fair of horses (same conditions as in class 8.)
The complete list of classes follows:
Maior J. L.. Rathbone,. chairman; Henry
T. Scott, Thomas A. t)riscoll, E. D. Bey
lard, Frederick S. Moody, Joseph B.
Crockett and George Aimer Newhall.
Several cups have been offered for com
petition, the prizes otherwise being rib
bons. Entries will close on the 22d i'nst.
with the secretary of Jthe show at Bur
lingame Country Club. The committee in
charge consists of:
The list of events for the third annual
open air horse show, to be held under the
auspices of Burlingame Country Club at
Burlingame on the SOth and 31st lnst.,
has been Issued. Harness horses, hack
neys, roadsters, tandems, , four-in-hands,
saddle horses, ponies and polo ponies will
be seen ; in competition. There will be
driving competitions for amateurs with
tandems and four-in-hands and also
jumping competitions.
Outdoor Fete.
Burlingame Oofhmittee
Plans an Elaborate
HORSE SHOW
CLASSES FIXED
7
THE SAN FEAJSCISGOfiCALLV WEDNESDAY. 'MAY r 7. 1902;
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A car-load of Coolc Boole*)
has Just arrived from Chicago
and tliey are ready for distri-
bution at the business oSlee
o< thla paper. All Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy
of this great Cook Book' at
the premium price of fifty
cents.
An additional charge of SO
cents to pay expressase Trill
be required from out of town :
subscribers ordering by mail.
EAUWAT TEAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy. /
' Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
Local Lim'd Ovrl'a Local
Daily Daily Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8tOO p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
• f Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Freeno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Har.ford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia.. 3:39p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
•' Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
"Chicago 2:lBp 0:00p
a for morning, p lor afternoon.
0:CO a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace _ Sleeping- Cars and
I Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
> runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
i local arst-class passengers. No second-
! class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
! responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
fe p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free lleellnlng Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via. Sausalito Ferry.
•: - I Commencing April 27. l»02.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 0:45. *7:45, 8:45. 9:30. 11:00
a. sn,. 12:20. '1:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. »6:t5.
ti:45 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run 'to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. «10:00. 11:00.
U-30 a m., 12:30. *l:30. 2:80, *3:45. 5:00, 6:00
7-.30 9:45. 11:45 d. m. -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. •8:20. 7:40, 8:16, »9:30
jl-Mtm.. 12:25. 2:15. -3:30. 4:40. 5:30. 6. : 45.'
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00. "8:00. 9:30. »ll:O0 a. m.
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:10. -S:^. 4:15. •SAS, fl:^'
7:S0. 10:15 p. m.
Tratns marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40 v 7:45, 8:25 9-45
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 0:10, 5:20, 7:io'
10:15 v. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:30, 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 a. m
12:15. 1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:05. 7:15. 10:l6
1- m - THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
station*. ' :~-\:'-
8:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
0:15 P. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) -
— Tomales and way stations. % - .
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and train* win run on
Sunday time. ,
fcoacs-r FollOW
JRi» the
And Travel via the -
WabashLine
They have the nne*t tourist car service from ,
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
ROES C I CXrINE, P. , C. P. Art., Lo* An-
geles. CaU , ¦ . •',
C. S. CRANE. G. P. Agt. St. Louis. Mo.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABKY ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of rrivxte
Hispn<es. f/OHt Hanbood.* Debility or
djxras* vreariuiron hody and mind and
Skin Dinpuses. The Doctor curfs when
others fall. .¦ Try ¦ him. t'hnie*-" low.
<• 11 r«>» trua r»»i !«•«•<!. Oil) or write.
Dr. J. f. uiunax, ban Francisco, Cal. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Powell st., near Market.
• SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MR. N. C. MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN LlLIOTT
'A\iCkL To-night and Saturday Matinee,
/*IM AMERICAN CITIZEN.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights,
"WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
JOHN DREW,
In ¦'THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
By Kobert KarahaJI, author *f "A Royil Timily. '
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
PDirCC Evenings.. $2, %\ 50. $1 75c, 50c. 23o
r ftlVC 3 Matinees »1 50. $1. 75c, 60c. 25c
COLUMBIA THEATER-Extra
TO-MORROW,
THURSDAY, Afternoon, May 8,
Commencing at 1 :30 Sharp.
EXCEPTIONAL GALA ENTERTAINMENT
In Aid of the
NEW
Given Under the Direction of the
ACTORS' FUND OF AMERICA
THE PROGRAMME WILL INCLUDE:
N. C. GOODWIN. MAXINE ELLIOTT AND
COMPANY.
JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY,
EDWARD KARRIQAN JLND THE GRAND,
, OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY.
/TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY.
FEATURE ACTS FROM THE ORPHEUM.
ALCAZAR THEATER COMPANY,
CENTRAL THEATER COMPANY.
SEATS NOW ON SALE
\ PRICES— $2, $1 50, $1. 50c.
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE BIG SCENIC PRODUCTION.
VCTT-f it An" American J
W h phi t h p p| 4 ay f ? r the
Tf SB lull 1 IIG American- • I
IT 11 V 11 HIV People. j
Heart Was Young.
. PRICES — Evenings, 15c, 25c, 35c 50c and
75c. Matinees — 15c, 25c, 35c and ' 50c, all re-*
serv«d. •
Next Monday Nieht — ThA Society Comedy,
LOST 21 HOURS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
; ' PACKED LAST ; NIGHT TO SEE
America's. Greatest Author- Actor.
EDU/A RDHARRIGAN
In Mr. Harriean's Famous Play,
THE LEATHER PATCH.
A Whirlwind : of Fun and an Avalanche of
Laushter.
Hear Dave Braham'a rionas: "Denny Grady*n
,¦ Hack." "It ' Showered Agarn." "Bax-
ter Avenue" and "Put on Your • •
Bridal Veil." .
POPULAR PRICES..... 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, "So
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
NEXT WEEK. "RE1LLY AND THE 400."
DELIGHTING IMMENSE AUDIENCES.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
; 55^^ to-pay.
MR; JAMES NEILL and CO.
x ""¦%'." Presenting on a Grani; Scale, >- r
UNDER THE
/ REETRGEiM
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, .
Bronscn Howard's 'Powerful Comedy Drama.
A Ri STOC R A CY:
¦'.-": BARGAIN - MATINEE THXTRSDAY
: SEAT. SALE THURSDAY.
EATLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave anil art? <1 ue to arrive at
?>AX FRANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street >
UtTi — From Apbil 20, 1902. — abmtk
7CCa Beuida, Su!»un, Klralra and Sacra-
mento 6-55f
7.00a Vacaviile, TVinters, Eumsey- 7.55*
7 -20a Martinez. San Ramon, Valiejo,
Kapa, Caiistoga. Santa Bosa 6-26'
8-C0a Davis, Woodland. Snlght* Landing,
MarvsvlUe, OrovlUe 7.B5P
8.09a. Atlantic Express— Ogden and Eact. 8.25a
6.00a N lies, Lathrop, Stockton 7-2&r
8.00a Ni'-et. Mendota, Hanford. Vlsalla,
Portervllle 4-567
6.50a Ehsf:a Express — Davit. "Wllliami
) <tbT Bartlett fprlnjs), Wlllowa,
Eed Bluff, Portland., 7-B5P
6.50a Ean Joee, Llvermore, Stockton.
IoDe, eacramento. Placer\-IUe,
Marytvilie, Chlco, Bed Bluff 4.25*
8-30a Oakdale,Chlnese,So&ora,Tuolamne 425r
900a Vallejo. 12-25*
S-CSa Lo« Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.ttocktcn.Mcrced.
Raymocd,Frcgnoa&dLotAn;;f.les 825a
9 30* Vai'.f jo. Mr.rt'.nez and Waj-sistions 7-55p
tiCCOA Hayward. Kllet and Way StatioDi.t12.S5P
10 -CO a Tee Overland Limitea — Ugden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago B.2Sp
tl-OOr Sacramento Rlx-er Bteameri... tll-OOF
S^JOr Benicla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knifrhta Landing,
Merr*vll!e. Orovllle... 10.55a
5 33r Haj-werd, Xlle« acd War Station*.. 7.E5F
4-CCp Mait'ncz.SanBaQon.Vallejo.Kapa,
CalUtojfa, Santa Bo&a 9.25a
4-OOp Xlles, Llvenaore, Stockton, Lodi.. 12.25P
4.S0r Haj-*-«rd,Xlle«.San4o«e,LJvermare tt.55A
AZQr The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Sangus Xor fcanta
Barbnra, Lot Angeles .' 8-SSa
6-OOp PortOosta.Tracy.Lathron.Stockton 10.25a
5-OOp Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Raymond, .Freeno 12.25*
tfi.3Cr KUei Local 7.25a
6.DCp Hayward. Mica and Ean Joee 7.65a
16.C0F Valiejo 11.25a
6.C0p Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omaha, 6t. Louit. Chicago 4-25p
7.C0r Ean Pablo. Port Costs, Martinez
and Way Etatlonc. . ...... 11.25a •
:7.CDj> VcUcjo 7-65P
t 06 p Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento. Maryerllle, Bedding.
PorUacd, Paget Sound and Ea*t. 8.55 a
i tiAQr Haywcrd cud Mlet tiLBSA
COAST LINE (»arrew Uange).
t (Foot of Market Street.)
' t7-45A Santa Cruz Excursion t8.05P
8.15a Xewark, Cent«r«-ll]e. San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek. Santa
Crnz end Way Stations..... S S3r
12.1EP Kcwark, CenteiriUe. San Jose.
yew Alisadcn, Felton, Boulder
Crret. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way station*..: 1050a
4-15p Xewarir, Saa Jo«r, Los Gato« 18.50a
fe4.1SP San Joi-e. Lot Oatos. Santa. Crnz... eZ-htJA.'
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Trom SAN i'KAK CISCO. Foot of Market St. <S»p «)
•—+7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 SCO 6-16 r.M.
Trom OAKLAXD, Foot of Broadway — +«:00 JS:O0
+8:05 1U:Q0a.M. 12 CO 2-00 4 CO r.M. •
COAST LINE (Bro.4 Uwt).
< Third «na Towpgend Street*.)
6.1 U \ buu dote ana Way Stotlona 6.40a
17C0a San Jose and Way fetation* 1300a
7.00a Sew Almaden.. /4.10P
.7.15* Monterey Excursion iS-ZOr
800a Comt Line Limited — fian Joee.
Gllroy. Sallnan, Sac Lnls Obispo.
Kacta Barbara, Los Asgcle* and
Principal Infcrmedlste Stations. 10.45r
e CO a Ban Jo»e. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas. S»n Lul«
Obl*po and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations „ 4.10P
1Q.30a San JoEe end Way Stations......... 836a
11.50a San.Iote and Way Sutlone......... ' 9.46a
«1.30r San Jose and Way Stations a7.0Cr
tz.45r San Mat<-o, Redwood. Menio Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres Plnos. Santa Cr«. 6allnaR,
Del Mocte, Mootcrey and Pacific
__ , t1045A .
IS3r 6anJose, IX!l Mont*.Paclflc Grove,
Sanu Cru* and Way Station*."... 7.30P
U.ISp Kan Jose and PrlnclpalWayStatlons 5.30P
t5-00p San Jose. Los Gatot and Principal
Wsy Stations 13.00* '
6-50r San Jose and Principal Way Station* 6.30r
6.30." San Jo«e and Way buttons 7^0p
/ 7-02p »w Orlein* Express — San Luis '
Oblrpo, Barbara. Lot An-
geler, Dealng, El Paso, New
Orl?an« end Kast.... 10-38A
eliASr Sag Jot-e and WayStatiom
A for Morning. * P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
« fiatardar only. c Monday only.
* ftatarday and /Tuesday and Friday.
SandAV mtlr.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Pages. $VperYe*ar
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTOWESTESN RY. CO
LESSEES
SAN fRANCISCO AND NORT.l PAG1F1S
RAILWAY COMPANY,
ribnron Ferry, Foot o£ Market St.
SA$ FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a, m.; 12 35
3 i 30 ,', 6 . : i 0> 6:30 p - m - Thursdays— Kxtra trip
f^n ?i •£?• Sa turdays— Extra trips at
1 :50 and 11 :30 p m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30 3 30
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN llAFAfaL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— C:05, 7:35, 7:50, 0:20 11-15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
—Extra trips at 2:05 and 0:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS-8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40
4:55, 5:0a. 6:25- p.m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclscol. May 4, 1902. |san Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Wee^
Days. | days. | - tlon. { dayt . | Da^*
7:30 a 8:00 a • Ignacio 9-10 a R--tn<.
siloE %^ \x and . lO^aloiloa
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p e-'On
. [ 7:35 p ' "
VVnil^nl Petil r a 10:40 al 8:40 a
.3.^0 p 9:30 a and 6-05 n ift'txi =
6:10 pj 6:00 p] Santa Rosa tSm p| 6^0 \
_' Fulton ' ' j ; —
7:30 a Windsor 10 .o 0 _
•¦¦,:-- 5:00 p Healdsbure 10:40 a
Lytton
Geygerville
3:30 p 8:00 a Cioverdale 7:35 t - 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Hopland 110-40 a~t n-oiiZ
a:3o P |5:oo P | Uklah rTiaMff, i
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WlUits^^jr^ r | f ~ 0 -
_^liio?ji_o^:^n__i sisa sS?
;iga.i:s;| Sebastopo1 f§gg°^
Stages connect at Santa Rosa fo- Marv
West. Springs and White Sulphur Spring S
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for 5.5
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs- at
Cioverdale for the Geysers and Boonevufl-' ac
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland 1 fcprinsrs
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lak-'
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah 'or vfchv
Springs Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laurie
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake p™
Potter Valley. John Day^s,* Riverside Llefle??'
Buckneir*. Sanhedrin Heights, HullViiie OrA
Hot Springs, Half- Way House, Comntche
Camp Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City Fori
Bragg Westport. Usal; at Willita . for Sher
™°R?- £ al }t°. Covelo. Laytonville. Cumrninga
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. PebSfr'
wood. Scotia and Eureka *«t.*epper-
refuced^rYtes^ • Mon<ia y r ° u nd-trip tickets at
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to allnolntu
beyond San Rafael at half rates P»«nti
touTldtaV ° ffiCe ' C5 ° Mark6t Etr ' eet - Chronicle
H< C "', WI " TIN G.. n. X. rtanI
G*n. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Chicago
¦'"' LESS TH4N
'3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at lOa.m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-seelion Drawing-Koom
and Private. Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone, j Electric-'
reading Lamps in every Berth, Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet. Smok-
ing i and Library - Cars, with Barber and
Eath. Dining Cari= — meals a la' carte -
Electric-lighted throughout."' J
Daily Tourist Car Service - at ,6' p.' m.
and Personally conducted Excursions every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m - from'
San Francisco. Thpbest of ''everything.
; :.. R. R. K1TCHIE
61T MARKET ST. . Gen. ; Agent Pacific Coast
Patace Hotel 'San FraniTsco '• '¦*
"ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor ,
to. Men.
A Free Trial E^ckacre Sent by Ma}l
to All V/ho Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being, mailed to all who
•will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of lost manhood that
the institute has decided.to distribute free
trial packaaes to all who write. It Ik a
home treatment and all men who suf-
fer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can
now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act di-
rect to the desired location, giving
strength and development Just where it
is needed.' It cures all the ills and ttou-
bles that come from years of misuse of
the natural functions and has been an
absolute success in all cases. A request
to the State Medical Institute, 32S Eiek-
tron building. Fort V/ayne, Ind., mat-
ing that you desire one of their free trial
packages, will be complied with prompt-
ly. The institute is desirous of reaching
that great class of men who are un-
able" to leave home to. be treated, and
the free samples will enable them to see
how easy it is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a. plain
package, so that its -recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment or publicity.
Readers are requested to write -without
delay.' ' . ; : ..
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service ,(|aily to ¦-,
Kansas City and St. L^uis
¦via Scenic Route. New; ;
observation cafe . cars/
Meals a la carte.
¦ Personally • conducted excursions to Kansas
City, St. Louis, Chicago. New York, Boston
and all Eastern points. For full information
address. ' • L.M. FLETCHER,.'. ¦
, • -. ¦;..'.. Pacific Coast . Agent,
;.'.;V'126 California' st.. San Francisco, Cal. ',
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito terry I Arrive .- -
San Fran. Foot o f Market St. San Fran.'
Week Sun- , TJ ,. 6:15 ,.«.^.. a , tep . w Sun- Week
Days, days. .. Tltera .7^. days. Days.
9:30a. 8:00 a. v^.- wtaritog i«t M at 7:20 12:15 p. 9.15a.
l:45r. 9:00a. I»., tn ,^ l , t i 1 .dt r .tt:U l :^ p< f : ?5 p -
6:15P. 10:00 a. ; ¦„ ; weekDarionJi •• 3:30 P - 5:00P -
......... 11:30 A. ";,,„., nr tii'ii ni-f 4:5 ° p - -•••-
1-30 p ¦ THEIM OF TlfcALPJliS 550p •.t.*.-.;
I.:Z!. 2:SQ p! * ¦;<)»»»*"«"?""»»»'• / 8:15 pi .....:...•
SATUBDAYS C'LT-i^tr* T»«r« 9-.m ». .m,« s. n r r .not«o u^s ». -
> Tl«k.t Oflwt, 621 MARKir STREET ani SAHSALITO F£KBT. ' :
This algaature is on. every .box of the geimiaff
I Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets
tin remedy that' cores a coM la one (Jaj,
1 A STlTeH IN THE BACK, j
| . MANY SAN FRANCISCO PEOPLE HAVE IT. |
S /.'' JH@Ptk*' Kidneys are sick. Can't do their work. Can't take %
• '^m fj 4V Neglect means backache, lame back, urinary @
I' ¦'¦:¦¦ jf^f/BJmB^j DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS |
% / ' "f^te^^Bi^Ml •• ' cure ever^ orm °^ ne y HI. S an Francisco people ©
§ sJ //^^^^^^M^^mi. ¦¦ sa^ s0 — P eo P Ie w^ 10 iave k een cured — your own &
9 'A^V^^ 4 thing wrong with those organs. Natural- Q
5 " ' JmHgffllMroB«ISBfilwB^' Ji.'M "'i' J i *y a man ln tnis condition is on the out- ©
*S "^- -» FriirTg / ¦" "• ,~— -^— ;> look for something, to radically dispose ©
§ ~\!ff~ ¦ one cven * n ST while reading; my paper I
2 ; Iff ' _^_ i0^0^^ 0 i3SiSSS^^^^^**~' came across an advertisement which stat-
0 : M iM^ fljMfUIWaMja^jltyjA^nr" '^fa < ed that Doan's Kidney Pills could be de- ®
a § \sZZ^~ KJraHBE^^^^^^r / Percentage Drug Store, 949 Market street, ®
© - S - -- : f KEa«^^pg)rf» y Ay^^ /. for a box. It performed its work quickly ,?
lB - . HBBBqSSfi&ll; 3|pij&£|l treatment the backache ceased and up to 2
© " 2bfefc_. wKB^Sffi » §w3k<%' date there ha.3 not been a symptom of a S
O fc '"am " * Doan's Kidney Pills are ?or sale at all druft stores— 60 2
§ '* * Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y. ©
©©©©©©©©©©©©••©©•©©©••©•©©©©©©•©••••©••••©••©©©••©•©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©
Parlor Furniture ?tt a
.W* ''''^^^h^liCii^-^^^^J'Ws '^Jj/.Vtt: ,. >*y~--. To-day we place on sale about 200 odd
-» !|fe"- j '^''mV^a^^^ESBfe^^^^^*^*. 1 *'^^^^^^^ picces ' a!so *»ve and three-piece suits of
£/'"*; "!r4- / V'Jri'*'^^V-jMi^MJ^^*l !^^^Pfet^'fe^^r ''^" 4 ''«^SSiSr^ n account °* *^ c tremendous volume of
ijj ..' s-yM ;N V //' ; -'^'j^^V^'i 1^^^^^''^^^'i'-' *¦}$$&$££& business done by this department we have
] ' l '- : '''&^^^^^i^^^^^^^^^^ffWM hundreds oS "Odds and Ends" on hand,
!4i^fS^P^WS^»ifeffiH which we intend to clean out at a great
P^^^^^MM^^^^^^m^^^^ sacrifice. All of our Parlor Furniture' is
Fi'-^^^^^^^S^^fe) - nmde in OUP own factopy and abso ' lutel y
'¦MfM^^^i^^^^^i^^^^^^^^^ Ua in a order'to give a fair idea of thc price
W^i^fe|fe^^^^^^^i^^^ : .^- '* ' ran £ c of thcse £° ods and thc saving that it
W^^^m^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^^ 1S nOW possibIc to make we mention a few
Js^f^^^./'r °* the man y remarkable values on sale.
J^S^^a^^^ *5 5^^^^"" Upholstered reception chairs at 1.5O.* Genuine leather couches, hair filled,
-;&Jvi|v ( QrJfrs&y Women's upholstered rockers at 1.75. carved frame, 24.50. ..•.^.•
*' r ' < i7 .'' X^' "¦- Upholstered spring seat arm rockers, Upholstered back and scat arm rockers^
-^§ -<!^ft^^^ $&&&/ Large patent rockers, spring seat and Sleepy Hollow tufted seat and~ back
Solid 'oak ilp^ris chairs, reversible Large overstuffed easy arm chairs, ?9.
Es"ri&JK^^'jffim^j&i3?'<?' cushions, '',' j,_,,i, eM f. Upholstered seat inlaid arm-chairs,
t jM^'ticrKStv^^Zi^w fCiT? DsmtV parlor OIvoTIS, Vlalllcicit &Cal5, -g (\f
• r £^^^^jjf) Mah'Sny Davenport sofas, . S " *S-piece carved parlor suites, 22.50.^
J Ke_ .. ' <** - — Large mahogany arm chair in - figured Mahogany parlor chairs, damask seats,
tapestry, 13.50. L 3;75 -
3-piece mahogany parlor suites 17.50 Inlaid mahogany divans, 1O.5O. s-piece inlaid parlor suites, .?29.
1-piece inlaid parlor suites. 1O.5O. Large leather chair, tufted seat and Parlor rockers, with upholstered seat
Large couches, leather styles, at 12.50. back, 24.00. ; and back, 3.-5.
Buy lace curtains at lower prices
than your own fondest hopes ever fencied, brought about by belated, arrivals of 1002^patterns, which we re-
ceived enly on condition of great price concessions because of failure to ship on time. Every cut in price to us
is given to our customers. Tor your new home or the old home this is the curtain selling most^intensely in
tout favor. . a r «« r ri*\ " "»t «'¦"-'
hi&3§S$^^ soo cr a r i^iu R s fri^ pl X$ 1 2.50 .Upholstery and
ysS/Sof^feaS&SA* 85 -<i-n« r o om ... $s : 00 .." p : ..V' Curtain Goods.
$1O.OO, $12.50 *J ioo-pair let Dropped Patterns of Scotch 20c Rug Fringe, yard ........ /....lOc
¦'"'''••;'"^Viiv : " 1 '« M, Guipure Curtains, all styles^eRardless 3OC Tapestry Squares/yard .20c
150-pair lot Philadelphia makers Ma- of their great worth, we^n ° _.„ ,. 3 H 5. ¦ K
chine Arabians, 1-3 off- C A QC offer them at • < ? 3 - 50 .LJfc^r& 12c Silkohne, yard 5c
very handsome — pair S» M % '** $1.05 and 'Jr^F^& 25c Burlap, yard... ;.....' 20c
JJ57.OO, J?5.OO and 15c Curtain Muslin, yard. ..10c
'""-,.—, , T\ ?• — 20c Ruffled Muslin, yard.......... .15c
%$£*%&£ off* Tm Portieres. 5OC 0P a qU e §8g*M m
-beautiful teigns^ and 4» /|' UU feoo Rope Portieres $3.75 15c Brass Curtain Rods...... 10c
qualities, pair «?1— .oU. wfc ™ - ¦ j * c • < *i
«1O.OO «6.90 S5.OO A $40 French Velour Portieres, pair atiaaeS 10 aDCCml iHCaSlirC
' ' S24.OO
iooo-pair lot, i to 6 pairs of a pattern, ••••• j n quantities of ten or more for resi-
PL d'Calais Curtains— C A Qf\ $7.50 Tapestry Portieres, pair. . §6.OO dences or private apartments. We will
a big assortment — »p M •7\f measure, make and hang complete
frand values, pair r\ ¦ J^TVP^tl^TPSI shades of oil opaque, mounted on
6.75, $4.50, $3.95.. « lajICAUlC^. : Hartshorn's improved f n
looo-pair lot Summer Grenadine Cross $3.75 Silk Velour, yard ;$2.50 rollers, workman-^%B^/)
Stripe Curtains-stylish £g 35 $3 .oo Verona Velour, yard $1.50 guaranteed, at.yj^
and grood. pair $-« •<>», »p B •**** Y *> ¦if T eacn
$2.15, $1.75 £ $2.50 Silk Frou Frou, yard $1.95 NvR _ These shades are guaranteed for
75c Armour Tapestry, yard. ... 45c 2 years.
Mission. . ¦ ill 1 Wwl&iii %£%&® Mission.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
"IT'S GOT THEM COMING."
Alice Neilsen's Greatest Success.
THE
SINGING GIRL
Never Before la This City At These
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c.
Telephone^ — Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, MAY 7.
'•¦ Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c. Chll-
¦ dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
ELITE VAUDEVILLE!
Hiss Julia Heinrich; Raymond and
Caverly; Brothers Hoste; Hilda
Thomas and Company; The Flor-
enz Troupe; The Five Mosses; Lou-
ise Dresser; Wilton Brothers, and
Last Week of Milton and Dollii
Nobles, presenting "A Blue Gras3 ,
Widow."
&ELASCQ *» a T&All'S *+jfiRS£
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. : :'./|
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Funniest of All Comedies,
MRS. PARTINGTON.
The Richest Play of Its Kind.
GREAT SPECIALTIES. ETC.
First Appearance at Thia Theater of
WILL, H. BRAY., '
PROF. BOTHWELL. BROWNE'S JUVENILB
RAGTIME FLORODORA SEXTET
AH This Week— The Talk of the City.
pnirCC Evenlngra 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50o '
lAlWEO Matinees 10c. 15e, 23o
Next Week— "THE WORLD."
| FISCH ER'S T..EATEP
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell su.
Telephone Main 'JZ1.
IT REQUIRED * I TO KEEP
four Policemen | the line
" IN ORDER LAST NIGHT.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Drew 1CC0 people, and 200 of these stood up
and yelled themselves hoarse at KOLB. DTLL,
BERNARD. BLAKE. HERM3EN AMBEU.
COLEMAN, KELLAR, HOPE. EMERSON
and the rest - of the great bunch of famous
comedians, etc.
Matinees Sat. and Sun., 25c anywhere.
Night Prices, 25c and 50c. Children at Mati-
nees, 10c.
And they are all reserved.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
JACK NORWORTH; THE CLIPPER QUAR-
TET; GORMAN AND KEPPLER: PETCH-
ING BROTHERS;' FRED STUBER; GRANT
AND GRANT and New Moylne Pictures.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
COL. EDWARD BEAUPRE,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
FIRST AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY,
* LADIES' HURDLE SACK" RACE!
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, flc
Phone for Seats— Park 23.
Pjll/JPP location.,
1 UlUVV unsurpassed cuisine.'
unequaled ser- '
orj/i vice and modern
UllU conveniences. are the
' 4 attributes that have
Iff* off /| made these two ho-.
U I dull tels ¦ popular with
_ tourists and travel- .
llAifMC ers who visit San
¦ HUlwTJ Francisco.
WeeHy Gall, $L00 jerYearNew York Money -Market.
. NEW YORK, May, 6.— Money on call,^6@10
per cent: closed offered at 9. Prime mercantile
paper.' 4'4 <g5ii Der cent. Sterling -, exchange
steady at the decline, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 8754 for demand and at
$4 85@4 85%^ for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 86 and $4 88%@4 89. Commercial -bills
9* »4%@4 85%. Bar silver. 51c. Mexican
dollars, 41c. Government bonds, steady; State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, Btrong. •• ;
Condition of the--. Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 6.— To-day's statement
STOCK MARKET.
New j York Metal Market
NEW YORK, May 6.— The metal markets at
home and abroad were generallyln good condi
tion- to-day. • At London ,the' quoted. "price for
tin was advanced 10s,, with spot; at £131 and
futures at £127 ICs. The; local market - was
firmer, but business ' in " sheet '. lots was mod
erate at $28 35<g28 60/ ' Sales . were five ' tons
May. at $28 35 and five tons June $28 12%.
Ccpper was, firmer here and 10s higher in
London, closing there at £53 Ss for. spot and
futures. At new York lake closed at $12®
12 10, 'electrolytic at $11 65@11 75, casting at
$11 62%<@>11' 75 and -standard ; for spot to. Au
gust delivery at $1112%®11 45. .
Lead was steady and unchanged at 4%c her.e
and unchanged at London at £11 12s 6d..; .-
H Spelter was steady • and. unchanged here at
$4 40, but" at London the price declined 2s 6d
to' £17 58. '. ¦;-.--.¦,-.. ,. ¦-.,-..; . ; v ; ¦ ¦' /:. r,
_ The local. Iron market ruled steady and un
changed.. Warrants ' were ', nominal. . No. -1
Northern, foundry. $19@20; No. 2 foundry,'
Northern, $18@19; . No.-. 1 . foundry, . southern,
soft, $17 50018. English markets 1 were nom
inal. Glassow closed at 53s and Mlddlesboro
at 48s. , : - . . ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦.,
New York Cotton Market.
- ' NEW YORK, ; May .' 6.— The cotton market
opened steady . with priceg unchanged . to , 3
points lower on near months and unchanged to
3. points' higher on late months, rand closed
steady, and net 10@17« points higher.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May >6.— CATTLE-^Rccelpts,
Eastern i Livestock Market,
London Market.
NEW YORK. May 6. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial . cablegram says:
Stocks were idle and cheerful, . pending some
definite news about peace. Consols rose % to
05 and the new Indian loan was 2 yi premium.
Copper was % up to £53% the ton on Paris
buying, and Rio Tlntos were up % to 42%. • .
American stocks have been the feature. At
first the local business, was very restricted
with prices simply firm, but In the afternoon
New York started a strong upward sweep, with
the coalers leading. Private cables I say that
the strike in the mining region Is likely to be
averted. Reading was strong on rumors that
the company had arranged terms with Its em
ployes. Louisville and Nashville is blazing
the way on talk of being put on a six per cent
dividend . basis in • July and Union Pacific is
talked to 150 on the expectation of a similar
dividend action.. Canadian < Pacific bulged in
the street. Gold to the amount of .£107, 000. in
bars has been bought.. A' rally In silver sur
prised the market. It ! was due to speculative
buying and some Eastern support. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California \ Family* Extras, $3 50®
3 75. usual terms: Bakers' Extras," $3 40@3 50:
Oregon, $2 7503 25 per barrel for family and
$3(^3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers',' $3@
3 50. > • .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour,' $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4:Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: ¦ Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 3509; in
sacks, $6 8508 50: Pearl Barley, $5 50: Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $G 50 per 100 lbs.
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
Bran, Middlings, Rolled Barley ; and Corn
products are; all: very firm, with moderate
stocks; and very .firm raw grains. Hay Is
weak, - owing to the .ample receipts and fine
crop prospects. ' ¦ ... . .
. BRAN— ?17@18 50 per ton. -
MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 50 Der» ton
iFEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. ?21@21 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26;. job
bing. $26 60@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn
Meal. $29 D0@30; - Cracked Corn. $30 50031;
Mixed Feed.$16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8 50(fll: Oat. $8<S>10 50; Alfalfa. $S@11 ; Clo
ver, $7@9; ; Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock, $6@8
per ton. . - " . ¦
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Beans and. Seeds.
BEANS — Bayos, $3@3 10; small White, S2 50
@2 65; • large WJilte, $2 60@2 70; Pea, -$3 25(»
No further changes in Beane -were reported
yesterday, but the market was very. firm, with
a continued demand for shipment. ; Bayos and
Blackeye : are scarce. ' Whites are; wanted for
the East;. ¦,.»."; :-- ; :<•;¦>-..* ;..., . -¦¦¦.¦.¦.,. ¦
3 60; Pink,' $2 10@2 25: Red,-$2 50<g)2 75-
Blackeye, $4 75(j?5;: LI mas, $3 60@3'70; ,Red
Kidneys, - $3 50®3. 75 per ctl. -
• s SEEDS — Trieste 'Mustard,- $2 50@2 65; Yel
low-Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax.. $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from -Utah,
A va liable Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, May .6.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications . to Bradstreefs
show the following changes in available sup
plies since the last report:
WHEAT — United States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, decreased < 4.574,000 bushels:
afloat for and In Europe, j decreased 2,400,000
bushels; total supply, decreased 6,473,000 bush-
CORN— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 949,000 bushels. '
' OATS— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 588.000 bushels.-
Provisions.
- Chicago .was lower and featureless".- The
San Francisco market is also dull and without
change. .' ¦ ' • . . .
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15c" for extra light and 16c for sugafcured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c: Califor
nia -Hams, 13%@14c: Mess Beef, $9@J> 50 per
bbl: extra Mess. $10@10 50: Family, $11®
11 50: prime Mess Pork. $15 50(916; extra clear
$23: Mess, $18 50®19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50@
12 50; Pig Pork, $25: Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked
Beef. 13%@Hc per lb. ,
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8^4c per lb for
compound and ll%@12c for pure: half barrels
pure. 12V4c: 10-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins, 12% c. ™
¦ COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 10% c; three
half-barrels, 30Vic; •' one "tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, 10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
*£? LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.. Sept.
Opening <jl 6 0% f. 2%
Closing .......6 1% . 8 154 6 3%
_„ , PARIS. V
_ Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ....22 35 ,20 40
cl0 , s , lr >B '22 35 20 45
Flour —
Opening ...'.'... i. .' 26 55 26 30
Closing .....26 60 26 30
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries. 19@22c- dairies
18<if20c. Cheese, easy, 12(313y, c . Eggs - easy'
fresh 14%e. ¦ . • ' •
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
eaey; No. 2 spring wheat. 76%®77Uc; No. 3,
75',4c: No. 2 red. 82^4©R3'4c; No. 2 oats 42c:
No. 2 white. '43%@44c; No. 3 white 42%'@44c;
No. 2 rye. 58@58%c; fair to choice malting bar
ley. C8@71c; No. 1 flax, seed, SI 64; No I
Northwestern, $1 72: prime timothy seed $7;
moss pork, per bbl. $16 85@16 90; lard, per 100
lbs. $10 07%@10 10; short ribs sid°s <loos=0
$3 45®9 55; dry salted shoulders' (boxed), 8®
SUc; short clear sides (boxed) $10 05@10 15
clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Receipts. Shipments.
™Z U \ b u TT t ls , ••• — ••••• 16,000 13,000 "
Wheat, bushels 47,000 : 79 000
Corn, bushels. 211,000 '. 135*000
Oats, bushels .236,000 . 22J) 000
Ryp, .bushels 3.000 2*1:00
Eatley. bushels 51,000 12 000
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market remains as heretofore quoted,
and there is nothing new besides the reported
contracts for new Royal Apricots at 6%@7c.
Stocks of everything except Prunes are small,
and there will be very little of anything on
hand when the new crop comes in.
The Weather Bureau reports Prunes dropping
seriously in Sonoma. Santa Clara and several
other counties, as will be seen in the first
column. These, reports have been coming in
of late, but have heretofore been unconfirmed.
They are now increasing.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples. S@9c; sun dried, 5@5%c; Peaches,
6VKSSV4C; Pears. 6<B«c; Plums, pitted, 5@6c;
unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%®6c for red
and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for black
and 5%S?6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-JOs, 6Vi(B6%c: 40-SOs. 1 5@5}ic: 50-60s. 4%
@4%c: 60-70s. 4«MVic; 70-SOs. 3%@>3%c; 80
90s, 3@3%c; 90-.100S, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5Vic for seedless; 3-crown, 6c: 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7®
8%c-for bleached. Clusters — Imperials. $3;
Dehesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25<S1 35.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softsheU, ll%c: No.
2. 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell. ' 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, "10%©12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell' and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; ¦ water white extracted, 5@
5V>c: light -amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27 %@29c per lb.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. May 6. — The stock market
made a. remarkable showing of recuperative
powers to-day. Yesterday's nervous disturbance
growing out of the collapse of the Webb- Meyer
group of stocks was freely lacking from the
outset to-day. That development, in fact,
seemed to be accepted as highly beneficial.
Immense relief was professed over the weeding
out which had been accomplished of an inflated
group of securities whose precarious condition
must have remained a menace to the market
as long as it existed. The collapse of an infla
tion is always a hazardous operation, owing to
the danger of the sentimental effect, however
strictly localized. The effect Is inevitably to'
shake the fabric of credit, and endanger sound,
properties as well as the products of manipula
tion. The firmness with which the market took
the shock was a surprise to the more confident
observers. The effect was manifested in the
opening dealings, where large buying orders
appeared well distributed throughout the list.
After yesterday's test confidence has not been
eo general in the soundness of the market posi
tion for many weeks as It was to-day. The
money rate continued stiff at 10 per cent, at
which rate large sums were loaned by the
banks, and the rate receded only after most of.
the demand was satisfied. The maintenance of
the money rate, however, was believed to be a
symptom of the pressure exercised. by the banks
against extending credits for undesirable spec
ulative purposes. The belief is general that the
recent liquidation had greatly strengthened the
position of the banks and has added much to
the soundness of the whole fabric of credits.
To-day's Clearing-house exchanges were re
ported as $500,430,954. Only on four previous
occasions, all of them. -during 1901, have the
New York exchanges exceeded half a billion
dollars for a single day. No large . syndicate
transactions are known to have figured in the
result, ¦which may be taken, therefore, as a
measure of the amount of liquidation accom
plished on Friday and Saturday in the stock
market. The transfer of $400,000 by telegraph
to New Orleans was an incident of the day.
Aside from the natural revulsion of sentiment
due to the appreciation that yesterday's anxie
ties were unduly acute assurance . was felt in
the financial district that means had been found
to avoid a strike by the anthracite miners. The
coalers were natuarlly prominent in the vigor
ous upward movement. The movement in Louis
ville and Nashville, Chicago, Indianapolis and
Louisville and Illinois Central gave color to the
rumors of the extension of the Louisville to
Chicago and the establishment of a commercial
unity among the Southern trunk lines. An
unusually favorable batch of fourth week rail
road earnings reported by Southern and South
western railroads, . and further .rains in the
Southwestern States, stimulated the report.
The answer filed by the Northern Securities
Company to the Government's brief was favor
ably regarded , in Wall street as an argument
from the financial side of the device of securi
ties-holding companies, and prompted some
buying of stocks available for mergers. This
was notably the case with the Chicago, Great
Western stock. The strength of the market,
however, was quite universal and gains of as
much as 1 to 3 points are . common 1 throughout
the list. The /market closed active and strong
at about the top.
The bond market shared in the tendency to
ward recovery of stocks. . Total- sales, $3,305,
000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. _ -..-_>..,
NEW. YORK STOCK LIST. .
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 15,100 80 79 79 T *
Atchison ufd ..... 2,200 98% 08% 98%
Bait & Ohio....... 4,200 108 < .107% 107%
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 100 95% 95% 95
Canadian Pacific. 11,100 127% 124%, 127^4
Canada Southern. . 400 94% 93% 94%
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,600 47Vi 1 46% -47
Chicago & Alton.. 1,300 36% - 35% 5&V-
Chgo & Alton pfd.. 100 ,75% .• 75% 75 "
Chgo. Ind & Louis. 14,900 79% .74 78^
Chgo. Ind & L Dfd. 1.000 86% 85 88
Chgo & East 111... 300 166% 165 167%
Chgo & G Westernl09,lo0 32- 27% 31%
Chgo & G W A pf d 100 89T4 89% 89 •
Chgo & G W B pfd 3,600 .60 - 47% 49U
Chgo & K western. 1.600 263 259% '262%
Chgo. R I & Pac. 1.800 .177% 174% 177
Chgo Term & Tran 1,500 21% 20% 21%
Chgo T & T Dfd.;. 3,500 .39%.. 37 39>4
C. C. O& St L... 1.500 106% 104, 106%
Colo Southern 2,000 31% 29% 30%
Colo So 1st pfd 100 72% 72% 72*1
Colo So 2d pfd..... 200 « 44 44 * 44
Del & Hudson ...... 3.200 177 173 % 17« -
Del. Lack & West. 700 283 * 277 282
Denv & R Grande. 500 42% 42 " 42%
EASTERN MARKETS.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director cf the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weather has continued cool In all parts
cf the State until near the close of the week,
and light rain has fallen in the central and
northern sections. Fcgs have prevailed along
the southern coast. No injurious frosts have
occurred. .
Grain is making good growth and is in ex
cellent condition in all sections, except portions
of the south and in parts of San Benito Coun
ty. Wheat and barley are rapidly heading out
in the great valleys, and. give indications of
an unusually heavy yield; the crop will be light
in the south, and possibly a failure if rain does
not come soon. Hay harvest is progressing,
and good crops are the rule in all sections. The
first crop of barley In the San Joaquin Valley
is reported heavy, but of inferior quality.
Potatoes, hops and sugar beets are thrifty, but
needing rain in some places.
Prunes are being seriously injured by blight
in. portions of Sonoma and Santa Clara coun
ties, and the crop will be very light in those
places. Tulare County pears are also being in
jured by blight. There are several reports of
deciduous fruits dropping, mainly prunes,
pears and apricots, but as the trees were heav
ily laden it is probable there will be a good
yield of nearly a.11 varieties. Vineyards, wal
nuts and citrus fruits are thrifty.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The weather con
tinued cool and cloudy during the first part
of the week, but higher temperatures prevailed
Kt the close. Light rain fell on Tuesday and
Wednesday. There were no injurious frosts.
Haying will commence during the present week,
and a heavy crop is expected. Grain contin
ues in excellent condition, and in some sec
tions it is predicted the yield of wheat and
barley will be the largest ever harvested.
Orchardists are spraying and thinning fruit.
French prunes and pears are dropping to some
extent in Yolo County, but the crop will prob
ably be heavy. Dtoiduous fruits are reported
superior in quality and of large size, and orch
arcjists expect good markets. Cherries are be
ing fchipptd in considerable quantities from
Vacaville.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— Cool weather
continued until near the close of the week,
and light rain fell in the central and northern
portions Tuesday and Wednesday. Frosts oc
curred in some of the northern districts, but
were too light to injure fruits or vegetables.
Grain, hay and feed are In good condition. In
the northern and central districts there will
be heavy orope of grain, but in Sen Benito and
other southern coast counties the yield will
probably be below average, owing, it is said,
to cold weather and scarcity "of the early rains.
Good crops of hay pre now being harvested.
Hops and vegetables are in good condition.
There is a probability of a very light yield
of prunes in portions of Santa Clara, Sonoma
and other counties, and as no Injurious frosts
have occurred this season, orchardists are un
able to explain the shortage, though some at
tribute the blight to late rains. Other deciduous
fruits give promise of full crops, with the ex
ception of apricots in a few places.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— The weather has
been generally clear and warm during the day,
with cool nights, and light rain has fallen
from Fresno northward, greatly benefiting grain
and pasturage. Wheat and barley are rapidly
heading out. and good crops are probable in
nearly all the central and northern counties,
though barley is reported light in Merced Coun
ty. .Haying is progressing In all sections; the
first crop of alfalfa, is reported heavy, but of
inferior quality. Pasturage is plentiful, and
stock are in good condition. Small fruits have
commenced to ripen in the viojnity of Reedley.
Apricots and peaches ! are dropping In some
localities, but fair crops are expected. Blight
is injuring pears in Tulare County, and the
yield will be light. Other deciduous fruits are
in good condition, and vineyards are thrifty
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Cool weather
ha* continued during the week, and fogs have
prevailed along the coast, benefiting growing
crops. Dryir-K winds in some sections have
been unfavorable for late grain. Hay cutting
has commenced, and a fair crop Is being har
vested. Early sown grain is still in good con
dition in most places, but needing rain, and
the same Is true of sugar beets, potatoes and
other crops. Deciduous fruits are not making
rapid progress, owing to continued cool weath
er, but are reported in fair condition. Straw
berries are being shipped from San Diego. Cit
rus fruits and walnuts are doing well.
EUREKA SUMMARY. — Weather conditions
favorable. Farm work is well advanced. Some
fmail grain unhealthy: growing slowly, la a
few localities prunes were slightly Injured by
laft f rosf.
LOS ANGELES SCMMARY.—Grain harvest
and haying in progress in some places; early
«own. a rood crop; late sown, light. Lima
bean planting begun. Frost In Campo Mountain
Valley damaged potatoes, vines, etc ,
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO, May 6. 1902—5 p. ra.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
Articles — Open. ' High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No 2 — ¦' • • • • - ,
May .i73%i..,74% ;,.73;s .74%
July :....-. 75 U • • 75% : 75 \ ' 75%
September . . " 74% ~.. 74% ' 74% 74%
Corn, No. '2— ¦ - _¦¦..,¦ .-,«
May '......... 60 -60% - 59% 60%
July 61 U 62 60^4 61V*
September .. 00% 60% 60- 60%
Corn, ¦ No. 2— ) -
May 4Ui 4n\ 41 41H
July old.... 34% 34% 34 34ii
July] new... 35% 35% 35V. 35%
Sept.. old... 29% 29%. 29'" 29^4
Sept., new .. 30% 30!{| 30%' ZOy H
• Mess Pork, per bbl — . . . v .
May :.. .... .... 16 85
July 17 05 17 05 16,95 16 95
September ..17 10 17 10 17 00 . 17 00
Lard, per 100 lbs— • '¦ ' - -- '
May ..10 10 10 10 . 10 07^ 10 07%
July .... 10 12% 10 17% 30 07% 10 10
September ..10 22% 10 25 ' 10 15 10 15
Short .Ribs, per 100 lbs— - •
May... .... ....' ..... 9 47%
July 9 52% 0 55 9 47% 9 50'
September .. 9 57% 9 60 9 52% , 9 55
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Strawberries were lower, as the bulk of the
receipts came to hand late and the wet weath
er operated against their sale. •.
Receipts of Cherries were about ISO boxes,
and as the offerings were chiefly of undesirable
stock the fruit sold slowly at lower prices.
There was nothing new in the Citrus market.
Two cais of Oranges will be auctioned to-day.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $7@10 per
chest; Mallndas, S3 50®5 per chest and 75c@
SI per crate. ¦ -.
APPLES— $1@2 DO per box. according to
quality: from Australia. $1 50@2 50 per box.
CHERRIES— White, 75c(g$l per drawer:
Black, $1@1 25 for small and $1 50@2 for large
» CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@1 75
for standard. $1@2 25 for choice and $2 23@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@2 50; Va
lencias, S2 50(33; Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50
@2 50; Tangerines, in quarter boxes. 75c@Sl
and $1 25@1 50 in half boxes; Lemons. 75c@$l
for common and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice
and $2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit. $1@2 50,
Including seedless; Mexican Limes, $4<g5;
Bananas $2 25©:! per bunch for New Orleans
and for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has fallen slowly over the en
tire country west of the Rocky Mountains, ex
cept a small area from ' Point Reyes to Cape
Blanco, where there has been a slight rise.
Conditions 6till continue favorable for settled,
fair weather over the greater portion of the
coast.
The temperature has risen over Southern Cal
ifornia and has fallen over the northern portion
of the State.
Light rain has fallen generally on the coast
from Fresno northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for , thirty
hours ending midnight. May 7, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
probably light showers; light southerly winds,
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
possibly light showers; light southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday; probably light
showers; fresh southerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; probably light showers; light southerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADlE,
• Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 86 Ji
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — * 89%
New York Exchange, sight.... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver. Der ounce — ,
Mexican Dollars, nominal....... — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Are steady at 25s@
26s 3d. usual options. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered • tonnage of 19,
840, against 26,650 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 19,000 tons, against 5032;
on the way to this port. 228,900 tons. . against
173,950. , '
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher, and
Paris futures lower. Bradstreet's gave the
world's stocks as follows: .East of the Rockies,
a decrease of 4,574,000 bushels; Europe and
afloat; 2,400,000; total decrease, 6,974,000 bush-
Chicago opened firmer on light receipts and
firm cables and the market advanced from
74%c to 75%c. There were some small foreign
acceptances and Bradstreet's decrease in stocks,
given above gave the market a very firm tone,
it being the opinion that stocks would clean
up. There were 215,000 bushels worked for
export and there was a good shipping demand.
The weather over the wheat belt continues
to improve. There are general rains from the
British line to the Gulf. Nebraska has been
thoroughly soaked and Kansas reports general
rains, except a light fall in the central coun
ties which are the great wheat area. Taking
theState as a whole there is now a possibil
ity of half of last year's yield of 90,000,000
bushels. . ¦ ' ' . :
This market was steady and unchanged.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $112%; milling,
$1 13%@1 15 per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, $1 09%. -•
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 56,000
C Afternoon^Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 12%.
December— 4000, $1 09%. •
BARLEY— The market continues to creep up
gradually under the light stocks and good-in
terior demand frequently spoken of of late.
Feed. 98 : >ic(gSl for No. 1 and 95@97%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, $1 ;
Chevalier, $1@1 20.
- •' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second- Session— No sales. 'i-
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ctls, 79Hc; 2000, 79%c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS Chicago, reported 3<5,000 bushels
taken for shipment, with a firm market. This
market continues very strong and would ad
vance under very slight influence. Stocks are
light and there are all sorts of rumors of large
orders for export. • . ~ -
Grays $1 82%@1 40; whites. $1 32% @1 45;
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 20@l 32%; red,
$1 ,'IOSU 42% per ctl. •
CORN— Chicago advanced l^c owing to the
alarm among the shorts over the report that
the Gates, party 'bought- a -million bushels on
Monday. There were 325,000 bushels taken for
shipment.
This - market continued firmly held, but
quiet. Most of the spot stock Is held by one
Large Yellow," $1 37%@1 47Vi: small round
do, $1 40@l 50: White, $1 50@l 60.
UYE — Is unchanged and very dull at 90@95c
per ctl. •» -
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@l 75 per
Ctl. " ¦ . ' ' " : ¦ ; ' '
LOCAL MARKETS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is quoted steady to firm in spite of
liberal receipts, >as the lively packing Is keep
ing stocks down. Dealers say that at present
prices they would rather sell It than pack , it,
but the excessive supply forces them to the
latter course. Prices remain unchanged. ' •
The situation in Cheese remains as befpre
quoted, the market being plentifully supplied
and weak.
Eggs are quoted firm and most dealers re
port 19c for the finest ranch, though the figure
is extreme and somewhat of a squeeze. There
is no lack of supplies and every dealer has all
he cares to handle.' '
Receipts were 55,500 pounds and 327 tubs of
Butter. 1825 cases of Eggs, cases of East
ern Eggs. 13,500 pounds of California Cheese
and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 20c per pound for fan
cy 18%@19c for firsts and 17<318c for sec
onds; dairy, 16@18%c; store Butter. 14@13c
per pound. • ¦•;¦¦¦ -*j
CHEESE— New. 0@10c; old. 9@llc; Young
America S@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS^-Ranch. 18y.®19c for fancy and 17@
ISc for fair to good; store, • 15@16c per dozen.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 6. — The following reports of
the London and Liverpool ' markets, dated to
day, liave been received: Consols,- 94 13-16®
95; Silver. 23 9-16; French rentes, lOlf 7%c@
lOlf 12%c; cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; No 1 . Standard California, 30s 6d;
Walla Walla, 30s 9d; English country mar
kets,, firm. ¦ . ¦ ¦ „ •
LIVERPOOL, May 6.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California. 6s 4d@6s 5d; Wheat In
Paris, dull; Flour in Paris, dull ; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, showery; Cotton, uplands, 5 5-3-.
co . - S g o 52 3
3 f-il^ •& I
5B 33 3 »: "o S.
STATIONS. SS »S a • § er~ p
? 3 3 3 - " : o ? g
: c = : " : v
.*•¦¦¦ 2 . . ¦ '
m o n . #
Astoria 29.94 62 48 SW Cloudy .02
Baker 29.98 70 40 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 29.90 66 34 SW Cloudy T.
Eureka 29.92 72 58 SW Cloudy .24
Fresno 29.92 82 48 E Cloudy T.
Flagstaff 29.84 74 28 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Ida.29.96 72 36 S Clear .00
Independence. .29. 86 76 46 S Cloudy T.
Los Angeles.. 29. 90 80 48 W Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.70 94 58 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 29.94 72 58 E Rain .04
Red Bluff 30.00 64 50 SE Cloudy .32
Roseburg 29.86 70 " 52 W Rain .01
Sacramento ..29.98 68 68 W Cloudy .05
Salt Lake 29.98 68 44 NW Cloudy .00
San Francisco.30.02 66-50 SW Cloudy .24
S. L. Obispo.-30.02 SO 42 W Clear .00
San Diego. . ..29.92 78 56 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.92 72 46 S Cloudy T.
Spokane .....29.94 76 42 W Cloudy T.
Neah Bay 29.92 60 48 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 90 80 60 E " Pt Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca ..29.94 72, 42 SW Cloudy .00
Yuma. 29.76.96 58 SW Pt Cldy .00
Temperature — 7 a. m., • 56 degrees.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from New York say
"The feeling in all lines continues quiet,
the market presenting some easiness on a few
cf the more important descriptions. The move
ment is mainly jobbing In character, buyers
r.pparently not being disposed to purchase in
excess of actual consuming outlet. Prunes are
steady, but more disposition is shown by hold
ers to move goods as the storage season ap
proaches. This applies particularly to old
prunes, the market being irregular as to qual
ity and condition of the fruit, and somewhat
in favor of buvers. We hear of occasional job
bing business in C0-70s. 70-SOs and 80-90s at
less than inside quotations. Small fruit is
pressing for sale at somr«.ha.t easy figures. The
market on old fruit is difficult to quote. For
new prunes the pressure of offerings of oid
has affected the situation somewhat. On 40-50s
fc-anta Claras in 25-!b. boxes ti?sc is the gen
oral view, though reports of sales at less
money are heard. Other sizes take the usual
range below the 40-5Cs basis. Reports of dam
age to the new crop in Santa Clara Valley
heard yesterday were discredited by wire this
morning. Oregon prunes" are fairly steady.
"In currants the spot market Bhows more
f4ea<iine£s with 4%c quoted on fine Amalias In
barrels. The demand, however, is light, an
occasional lot being reported sold around quo
tations. Advices from the primary market re
port the situation a efcade firmer.
""In raisins the movement and demand for
California loose and see3ed are dull. Prices are
somewhat nominal. Layer Valencias ehow
s«ome firmness and a Jobbing movement at
7%c. Spot peaches are a little firmer and In
fair request. Apricots arc also steadier with
«=tocks of both descriptions in strong hands.
In dates vie note a moderate demand. Stocks
are cleaning up and the principal holders are
holding firmly. Ftps, layers in 10-lb. boxes, are
scarce and firm. In nuts Brazils are reported
Fteacy at 4%c to 4%c on medium and larg».
Some buying" is heard of. Western ideas are
bflow the market in many cases. For walnuts
Naples continue firm. Shelled almonds are
fairly steady and show a Jobbing interest."
Northern' Wheat Market.
OREGON.
TACOMA, May 6.— Wheat— Quiet and
steady. Bluestem, 66%c; club, 65%c.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, May 6. — Walla Walla, 65%c@
66c; bluestem, 67c.
Eureka 72-58iSan Diego 78-56
Fresno 82-62 'Bacramento 6S-58
Los Angeles 80-54 Independence ....76-52
Red Bluff 68-58 Yuma 96-58
Ean Luis Obispo.. 80-56
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers* Protective Association :
BEEF — Roast, 10@15c per lb: Tenderloin
Steak. 15S17 1 bc: Porterhouse Steak, 17%@'20c;
Round Steak, 10@12%c; Stew Beef. 8@10c;
Corned Beef, 8(glOe.
VEAL — Roast, 12@15c: Cutlets. 15@18c.
MUTTON — Roast, 12Uc; Chops, 12V><gl5c;
Stew 8!51Oc.
LAMB— Spring, 12%@20c; Roast. 15318c;
Chops. ir>@20c.
PuRK — Roast, 12%@15c; Chops, 15c.
CHICAGO, May 6.— Trade in wheat was
largely, the kind of affair that might be expect
ed after thV considerable slump on' the burial
of the drought scare. " The. natural inclination
was to figure on a reaction, and when cables
showed no response to our slump, .but rather
improved, and receipts showed a marked fall
ing off, prices opened somewhat higher. The
big influence, however," was .a new weather
scare in the news of delayed spring seeding In
the Northwest because of -the excessive rains.
The ground in the Northwest is reported veri
table ponds, with the rains still falling. The
bulls seized on ! this, argument I to emphasize
the probability of a great decrease in the spring
wheat acreage, i Northwestern receipts were
very small and the outside markets showed
good strength. Additional bullish . incentives
were Broadstreefe". report of a decrease of
6,974,000 bushels in the* world's available sup
ply and the decrease of 2,400,000 bushels in the
European. visible, i The cash situation here im
proved when prices broke yesterday and local
sample -men reported eight loads taken here
for direct shipment to Europe. These factors
influence holders of wheat to retain their own
ings. There was ¦ practically, no - pressure to
sell stuff at any time, either for short accounts
or for liquidation. Trade in general, however,
was rather quiet, without prominent features.
Bulls, were cautions. July^ started %@%c to
a shade up, at.75%@75c, advanced to 75%@
75%c and closed .flinv %c higher, at 75%@
75 %c. The copious rains which. have been so
much needed ..in the Southwest had; been large
ly discounted yesterday and their bearish effect
was offset to-day by the number of bullish in
fluences. :"'¦¦' , '
Corn showed marked strength In the face of.
bearish news. Firmer cables started the early
upturn and wheat strength" added , to the pit
situation. One cause of an absence of selling
pressure was that yesterday's break shook out
most of .the' available stuff and deterred any
response to to-day's bearish news. ¦¦ July closed
strong, l@l%c up, at 61%c.
. Good , business'. in' cash' oats and sympathy
with the advance in corn and wheat resulted
in only a fair trade in oats. July closed %c
higher at 35%c.
Provisions ruled weak. The hog situation
was weaker and influenced the pit and out
siders sold liberally. • July pork closed 15c
lower. July lard 7%@10c down, and ribs 2%
@5c lower. '
The leading futures ranged as follows : j
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. May 6.— -Clearings, $606,352; bal
ances, $136,878. '¦ ¦
TACOMA. May 6.— Clearings. $200,398; bal
ances. $38,789. ' „ «. "
PORTLAND. May 6.— Clearings, $520,281;
balances, $75,720. . " . „„ „_ ._ V
SPOKANE, May 6.— Clearings, $305,706; bal
ances, .$41,704. - - - . , .. .¦
in Call-
peratures were reported from stations
fornia to-day:
Chicago Grain Market.
Poultry and Game.
There was no more Eastern Poultry mar
keted, but there were a great many Hens of
fering at $5 50®6, which were carried over
from the previous day. Receipts of local Poul
try were ' moderate and there was . a fair de
mand for good stock, but poor Hens and small
Broilers were hard to sell. Young Ducks were
weaker, owing to the large, receipts o£ small
stock from suburban districts.
There were no changes in Game. Receipts
were 14 sacks, consisting chiefly of Hare.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, $4 50@5
for old and $5 50® 6 50 for young; Hens. $3 50
@4 50; young Roosters, $ti@7 50; old Roosters,
$3 75@4; Fryers, $5^5 50; Broilers, $3 50@4 50
for i large and $1 50(32- 50 for small ; Pigeons,
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25: Rabbits. ?1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
$3; White Geese. $1@1 50; Brant. $125 for
small and $2 for large; English Snipe. $3;- Jack
Snipe. $1 50.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bazs, June and July, 6c: 8aa
Quentin, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%<§8c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 2-lb stand
ard. 85c; sifted; 95c; extra sifted. $1 10; petlts
pols. $1 25. Gallons — Standards. $3 75; extra
sifted. $4 25. Asparagus, per case, 2 dozen cans
to the case — Mammoth White. $2 50@3 75;
Large White, $2@3 75; Medium White, $1 75®
2 65; Small White. $1 60; Mammoth Green.
$2 65@3 t55; Large Green, $2@2 90; Medium
Green. $1 75©2 50; Small Green, $1 50.
CANNED FRUITS — Though the feeling Is
somewhat better and the Eastern wholesale
grocers are ordering fairly for this time of the
year, stocks are ample and the local packers
expect more or less carry-over. The California
Fruit Canners quote as follows. In 2%-lb tins:
Apples, $1 35<fjil 05; Apricots, $1 25®1 50;
Peaches, yellow, $1 40@l 65; do, Lemon Cling.
$1 5O@l 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 50@l 75; Plums.
$1 10@l 30; Nectarines. $1 25@1 50: Muscat
Grapes, $1 15@1 35; Quinces. $1 3O@l 55: Straw
berries. $1 50@l 75; Blackberries, $1400160.
COAL. — Wellington, $D per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $»; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Walla
end. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $3 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and ?8 50 per ton.
according to brand.
» CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 16%c per lb:
Sisal size, 12%c; Bale Rope. 12%c for Sisal and
16%c for Manila; Duplex, 11 %c Terms, 60
days or 1% per cent cash discount. Lots of
1C.OC0 lbs, lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 3%c;
cases. Regular. 4%c; cases. Extra Large, 4%c;
cases. Eastern style, 6c; Boneless, 6c; "Nor
way," 5c; "Narrow Gauge," 5%c; "Silver
King." 7c; Blocks. "Orientals." 6%c; Blocks.
••Seabright," «%c; Tablets. 7c; Middles. 6%@
8c; 5-lb boxes, Fancy Boneless. 9c; 2-lb boxes.
Fancy Boneless, 7@8c; Desiccated, per dozen.
80c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each, $7; Pickled
Cod, half-barrels, each, $4 25.
COFFEE— Costa Rica, 14@15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12%@13%c for prime
washed; ll@12c for good washed; ll%@13c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 10%® lie for
good to prime peaberry; 10%@llo for good to
prime; 8%@10c for fair; 6@Sc for common to
ordinary.
Salvador — 12%@13c for strictly prtma
washed; 10%@12c for good to prime washed:
9@10c for fair washed; 10%@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%@10c for good to
prime semi- washed; 8%@9c for superior un
washed; 8%®8%c for good green unwashed;
9@9%c for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 6@7c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15c for prime to fancy
washed; 9»4@llo.for fair to strictly good
washed; S@S%c for good to superior unwashed:
9@9%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13@15%c for prime
to fancy washed; 11%@12%c for strictly good
washed; 10%@ll%c for good washed; 9%3>
10%c for fair washed; 839c for medium; 6@
7%c for lnfefior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9@10c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 8%@8%c for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 29@32c; extra
heavy, 30@40c per lb; medium, 27®29c; light.
24@26c; Rough Leather, 26®28c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@39c for No. 1 and 30®.TGc
for No 2; medium, 30@37c; light. 29@35c;
Skirting No. 1, 40@42c; No. 2. 36@3Sc; Collar
Leather 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather, 40®
44c; Kip, unfinished, 40i#50c per lb: Veah
finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits,
14@16c: Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $25<§2S per ton; stick,
$16@1S I>er cord.
OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
78c- raw. 7Cc; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter sprained, -barrels, 95c; cases. $1;
China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon: pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per
gallon; Fish Oil. barrels. 42%c; cases. 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
1 !- White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13V.@14c: Pearl Oil. In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star/ 20c: Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 2oc; Eocene.
22c- deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c:
In cases 22%c: Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; In
cases, 21c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases. 26%c. - -
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in. cases and;
61c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 6%@7%c, according
to'quantity.
SALT — Liverpool, $30® 32 50 for the best and
$2SiQ20 for factory filled. Domestic — Imitation
Liverpool. $26 25@27; H. R. H.. $26 25@27;
California Dairy. 50-lb bags. $26: Rock Salt.
$18 50@19 60, according to quantity; Granu
lated. $26 25<?J27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER — $45 50@47 per flask for lo
cal use and $44 for export.*
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c: Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners" ¦ A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c:
Extra C, 3.73c; Golden C. S.65c; "T>." 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more: ¦ half- barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes.
5c per 1b. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Us equivalent.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $!S<g>19 50; extra sizes,
higher; Redwood. $17(320: Lath. 4 feet. $.1 90®
4: Pickets. $19; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and
$1 75 for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for split and $14
for sawn; Rustic. $25@31.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. MAT «.
Flour, qr sks... 1,120 Wool, bales ; KH
Wheat ctls 2,995 \lfalfa Seed.sks .19
Barley, ctls 2.69? 1 Tallow, ctls.... 217
Oats, ctls 400 Pelts, bdls...... 403
Corn.' ctla 520 Hides, No 81.1
Potatoes, sks. .. 1.190 Leather, rolls.... M
Onions, sks 300 Wine, gala 69.600
Hay, tons 323 Sugar, ctls 2,630
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 800
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May 6.— The third series of wool
auction sales opened to-day with a large num
ber of buyers present. A representative cata
logue, consisting of 12,658 bales, was offered.
Buyers from all parts competed briskly and
a, general . improvement was noted. Merinos
and fine cross-bredg were 7% to 10 per cent
higher; coarse 10 per cent, and Cap* of Good
Hope and Natal 7% per cent above the last
sales. ' . '
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. May 6.— There has been no change
in the condition of the wool market here. this
week. The. strikes in the wool mills through
out New ' England acted like a blicht on the
market and buyers are using them as a club
to depress values. While there has been no
quotable change from week to week. ¦ the ten
dency has been downward for some time, while
the average of quotations is fully a cent lower
than -the high price touched in January. Ter
ritory wool js dull. Choicest staples, scoured,
are quoted, fine, 50@52c; fine medium, 47<3>4Sc;
medium, 45c. The ordinary territory grades
are - selling on the scoured basis ' of fine. 47®
4Sc; fine medium, 43@45c. and medium at 38@
40c. Fleece wools have had a fair inquiry, but
sales have been very light.
Local Stocks and Bonds still quiet.
Wheat and Wheat freights about as before.
Barley, Oats and Corn very firm. Rye neglected.
Feedstuff s firm and Hay quiet and weak. • [• [
Beans still firm and in demand for shipment.
Butter firm, Cheese weak and Eggs a shade higher.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Provisions quiet and featureless, here and in the West..
Wool very dull. Hops quiet and easy.
Beef, Veal, Mutton and Lamb in better supply.
Hogs in light receipt and limited demand.
Hides working around better again. . ;
Rather more demand for Canned Fruits.
Weather Bureau reports Prunes dropping seriously.
Potatoes firm and scedisig stock higher.
Onions still firm. Vegetables dull.
Fresh Fruits dull, owing to the rain.
Poultry and Game quiet and featureless.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Supplies of Beef, Veal, Mutton and Lamb sjt*
increasing, and the three latter are still lower.
Beef is barely steady. Hogs are not coming la
freely, but the demand is light and local deal
ers say that the feeling ia not as firm as It has
been. ' •
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6#@"c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7®8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes. 7%®
8c per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, "%®9%c per lb. •
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8%@9c; Cowb and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4®oc per lb.
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gros» weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 S0®2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings. 4
@4%c oer lb. . * w
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6»i<5"
6%c; 200 lbs and over, C@6y 3 c; feeders, tkj?
V%c; sows, 20 per cent off; boars. 50 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent oft from the abova
quotations. • ,
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Denv & n G pfd.. 1,000 91ii 90% 91
Erie -•• 1S.500 38%-. 36% 38%
Erie 1st pfd....... 800 70 68% 69%
Erie 2d pfd .-. . 200 64% 53 54%
Great Nor pfd . 700 184% 184 184%
Hocking Valley.... 2.100 84% 82% 84%.
Hocking Val pfd.. 300 91 91 91 '
Illinois Central.... . 9,600 154'A 152% 154%
Iowa Central...... 1,200 47 45% 46%
Iowa Central pfd.. 1,500 87% 84 87.
Lake .Erie & West. .... .... 66
Lake Erie &W ptd. .. 125
Louisville & Nash. 35,100 142%, 139% 141
Manhattan Elev... 12,300 133% 132y. 133%
Metropolitan St Ry 3,500 152% 150 151
Mexican Central... 6,300 , 29U 2SW 28%
Mexican National.. 4,900 19% 18% 19%
Minn & St Louis.. 300 113 112 112
Missouri Pacific. .. 16,900 101 100% 100%>
Mo, Kans & Tex.. 700 25%. 25% 25%
Mo. K & T nfd.:.. 800 57% 53% ,56%
New Jersey Cenb. . . 100 V 102% . 102% 102
New York Cent.... 10.200 160?i 158%, 159%
Norfolk & Western 11,400 58% 57% -58
Norfolk & W pfd..:\ 200 91 01 90%
Ontario & West... 13,000 34 : 33% ¦ 33%
Pennsylvania 20.400 151 149% 150%
Reading 155,900 ¦ 67% " • 63% 66%
Reading 1st pfd... 14,900 \ 86% 8-1 S5vt'
Reading 2d pfd 26,100 71% 6S% 71
St Louis & S F 600 . 69 , 68% 68%
St L & S F 1st pfd 4,900 85 84% 84%
St L & S F 2d pfd 700 ' 73% 71% 73
St Louis Swestern. 100 : : 27% 27% 27%
St 1- Swestern pfd. > 600 60 69 59%
St Paul 30,500 171% : 169% 171%
St Paul pfd. 200 191% 191% 191
Southern Pacific... 13,900 66% 65% 66V>
Southern Railway.. 20,700 37% 36% 37Vi
So Railway ptd.... 600- 95% : 05% 95%
Texas & Pacific... 2,200 42% 41% 42%
Tol. St L & West.. 300 22 21% 21%
Tol. St L & W pfd. 1.200 . 38% 38 38%
Union Pacific 29,800 104 102% 103%
Union Pacific pfd.. 700 87% 87% 87%'
Wabash 7,200 27% 26% 27%
Wabash pfd 8,400 45% 45% 45V*
Wheel & L E. ..... 1,200 22% 22% 22%
Wheel & L E 2d pf 700 37 36 36
Wisconsin Central. 10,900 27% 25% 27%^
Wisconsin Cent pfd 2,000 49% 48 49%
Express companies —
Adams .... .... 200
American .... 225
United States ' 117
Wells-Fargo .... \.... 200
Miscellaneous — • . ,
Amalg Copper 21,400 67%' 65% ':. 67
Am Car & Found. 1,600 30% 30% 30%
Am Car & Foun pf 600 90 ' 80 • 90 -
Am Linseed Oil... 1,000 26% °5 ''5
Am Linseed Oil pfd .. 54%
Am Smelt & Refin. 5,600 46% "44% 45%
Am Smelt & R pfd 1,400 95% 95% 95 •£
Anaconda Min Co. 300 112 110% 112%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 7,200. . 67% . 66% 67%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 32.900 104% 101% 10:t%
Consolidat-d Gas.. -2,400 227 223% 226
Continental Tobpf 400 121 120% 121
General Electric... .'. 600 . 327%^ 321% 326
Hocking Coal ..... ~ 700 19% 18% 19%
International Papr. -200 "'l'i o l*i °1
Internat Paper pfd. . 74
International Powr. .... "" no
Laclede Gas "-
National Biscuit... 4O0( 49% 49% 49%
Nate! ia?t d .::::: ..!°° :.»*¦ 19 i e 0^
National Salt pfd.. ['-" '"" {jnaj
North , American .. 1,100 ¥>7 V^Kii •T'T
Pacific Coast -t... 7f)
Pacific Mail ..:... "s66 40% 39% 40%
People's Gas ...... 1.500 104% 103% 104%
Pressed Steel Car. -2,100'.4« 49% 45s?
Pressed St Car pfd. 300 85 84% 84^
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 240 240 237
Republc Steel ..... 3.200 ' 18% 3S lS«i
Republic Steel pfd. 1,400 74% 73% 74%
Sugar ...^....46.000 130% 128 1^9%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 8,200 C9% 67% <n2
Union Bag & P Co. 300 10 -16 15%
Union Bag & P pfd ... ioil
US Leather 1,000 13% ii'ii io2
U g Leather pfd.. 2.200 84% 84 84%
us^^rpfd::- 10 ° 16^ # IP
&8 8 s!^U:::::: SfS M £ % ¦ sg
Western Union.... 1.200 91% 91 fliv,
Am Locomotive ... 3,000 32% 32 T>.y
K. C Southern 400 26U ' 9fi ' orv
K C Southern pfd. . , . 500 59 % . 11^ . ||^
Total sales 883,000
NEW YORK BONDS
US ref 2s reg. ...109^ L & N uni 4s . 103
Do 2s coupon... 109V, Mex Central 4s " 83
Do 3s reg...... .108% Do 1st inc.? i" 33%
Do 3s coupon.. .108% Minn & St L 4s. 104%
Do new 4s reg..l37% M K & T 4s.. . lOlii
Do new 4s coup.137% , Do 2ds. 03 *
Do old 4s reg.. 111% NYC lsts.V.' " ' 'lO4U
Do old 4s coup.. 11 iv* Do gen 314s 10914
Do 5s reg... ...105% N J C gen 5I „ '. " lioit
Canada So 2ds...I08- St L Swstrn lsts" 98
Central of Ga 5s.. 109 % Do Ms s^u
»o 1st inc 86^ S A* TpU:." »i|
Chesa &O 4^s..lO8V; S Pacific 4s.! 95%
Chicago & A 3t,4s. S4Vi S Railway 5s.. 122%
C B & Q new 4s.. 95% Tex & Par* let* 1S1
C M & St P_g 43.116% TrtSt-Li.W 4s""i
«^ K I & P 4s... 112 • Do conv 4s ifttt't.
cc c & st l g 4s.ioa% wabash istf. : ::::l^vi
Chicago Term 4s.. 89 Do 2ds;... m 3
Colo & So 4s : 05% Do deb B.... 77a:
Denv & R G 4s 104% West Shore 4s...:il4v!
Erie prier lien 4s. 100 W & L E 4s {nil
rwfnrVV'i?^ Wls Central' VsV.: 04^
Ho7k«fg D v^ 1 4ts:l 1 m4l Co^ Tobacco4s ••• 60
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con. 20 Little Chief .. u
Alice 45 Ontario 7 75
Breece 50 Ophir X 1Q
Brunswick Con.... lllPhoenix ...... Ort
Comstock Tunnel.. 0(NPotosi . "'20
Con Cal & Va 1 55 Savage "..!".! !!!!!' 10
Deadwood Terra... 75 Sierra Nevada.. ' • 2fi
Horn Silver 1 80. Small Hopes.. . . . . 40
Iron Silver 72,Standard V........3 35
Leadville Con 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— United Fruit 105
Call loans .5 @0 Westinghs Com... 109
Time loans 4?5@5 Mining—
_ B °" ds — M Adventure 23
Atchison 4s... ....103 Allouez 31/
Gas lsts 87 Amalgamated .... 6Jit
Mex Central 4s. .. 82 Bingham ......) 37.^
N E Gas & Coke; 55 Calumet & Heclfi.5424
Railroads— Centennial 19a:
Atchison 79% Copper Range.... 50%
Do prefd 98% Dominion Coal... 136%
Boston & Albany. 263 Franklin ... u
Boston & Maine. .197 1 -i Isle Royale . " *'13U
Boston Elevated.. l<33^i Mohawk ' asvi
N Y N H & H...237 Old Dominion...! 20
Fitchburg pfd 146 . Osceola fli '
Union Pacific... '.103% Parrot ....... \ .'..2a*A
Mexican Central.. 2S% Quincy 125
Miscellaneous— Santa Fe Copper'. 294
American Sugar.. 129V4 Tamarack \ ..... .168
Do prefd 119 Trimountain 98
Amer Tel & Tel.. 181 % Trinity ioti
Dom Iron & Steel. 62% Utah *>2U,
General EIectric..326Mi Victoria "41?
Mass ElectHc..'.. 43% Wlnona. ... ....'" \v,
N E Gas & Coke.. 3H TA'olverine ... " 55
U S Steel 41% United Copper.. !! 35%
Do prefd 02
. LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money.94 13-16 Louis & Nash. . 142%
Do, account.. 95 M K & T....^ 27 s '
Anaconda 6'4 Do prefd.... " 58
Atchlson ......... 81% N Y Central. ...... 1«2 14
Do prefd IOO14 Norfolk & West.. 59
Baltimore & O...109% Do prefd....... Qiv,
Canadian Pacific. 128^4 Ontario & West. 34V,
Chesa & Ohio 48^i S Railway prefd. . 97V,
Chicago Gt West.' 28 S Pacific 67^
C M & St Paul. ..174V; U -Pacific. . ..'.;.:. 105*2
Denver & R G... 43% Do prefd.... 90'
Do prefd 93y 4 U S Steel 42%
Erie 38 Do prefd.. . 94 .
Do 1st pfd ...... 70'4 Wabash 27>4
Do 2d pfd...... M Do prefd.. 4fiti
Illinois Central... 15o Spanish 4s ¦• 78?i
Bar silver, uncertain, 23 9-16d par ounce.
Money, 2*4 per cent: - •
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per, cent. I The rate of dis
count in the open market for three months'
bills Is 2% per cent. ,
NEW " YORK. . May 6.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.5S3 ] bushels; ' exports,' ,13,804 barrels; more
active and steadier with higher prices asked
on some grades. - . . ¦'
WHEAT— Receipts, ' 304,200 bushels; exports.
119,523 bushels; spot steady. No. 2 red. S9fcc
elevator; No. 2, red. 90%c to. b. afloat, _ No.
1 Northern Duluth; 83%c for afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, 81%c f. o. b. afloat. . uen « ra L 7 ?£ m .
ness prevailed throughout the day in wheat
reflecting : excessive rain in the Northwest,
higher cables.- very small spring wheat receipts,
strong. outside markets, a light primary move
ment, export demand, extensive covering and
the big decrease in world's Btocks -,/ Th %nVira
was firm, at %c net ¦ advance. .May. »o%@
81 7-iec.. closed 81^c; July, SO 1*:^ @H * d
closed 81%c; September. 79%@.9%e. closed
79%c; December, 81@81%c, closed 81%c.
HOPS— Firm. . - ,. •
WOOI^-STEADY. -v " . . '¦'¦'^ . ',„.
COFFEE— Spot Rio,' nominal. No. <^ ' nvt », ce 
5 7-lCc ; mild, . dull. ., . Cordova, , S@" c - /"e
future market closed steady, with prices net
5 points lower:, Total sales, 23,250 bags^ in
cluding : June, 4.95c ; July, 5.05c ; September
5.25c; December, 5.45@5.50c; January, 5.5oc.
February, 5.65c; March, 5.70c. fl .„_ o-.
SUGAR— Raw. steady. Fair reflning,
centrifugal. 96 test, 3*ic. . Molasses sugar. 2«4c.
Refined was steady, i i
DRIED FRUITS
The general demand for evaporated apples
was moderate, and although some holders are
a shade firmer in their views, prices remain
about as last quoted. State common to good,
7<g>8%c; prime/, 9Vs@0Uc; .choice, 9> /2 @10c,
fancy, , 10Vi@HcJ - -.'.•¦" , ' '. ¦
New prunes are bringing full prices and are
in fair ; request Old prunes are about steady,
but not active. There is a fair demand for
apricots and prices , are pretty firm. Peaches
are moving well at steady prices. ¦ .
PRUNES— 3%@6%c. ••¦'"' -/-<"" , A ,,,,
Boxea, 10*i@14c; bags. 10%@
- *PE ACHES — Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, 6%®
He. . ¦ ¦;>..- .<-:, ¦ - ¦
New 'York ! Grain and - Produce.
Potatoes,- Onions and Vegetables.
. Offerings of table Burbanks In first hands
were . firmly held at the quotations, - but the
market was dull throughout. A few small lots
of gilt ' edge stock commanded a small pre
mium. In several sections along the San Joa
quin- River .early; Potatoes have been com
pletely destroyed by frost, and ¦ growers are
looking about for new seed. This had a stim
ulating effect on the local market and Oregon
Burbanks for seed had a sharp advance. \
¦ New Red Onions came to hand in fair condi
tion I and "prices were firmer. A small lot of
old Oregon, which arrived on the last steamer,
was sold at 3c per lb. Other descriptions of
old were , unchanged.
The vegetable market was generally dull.
Choice and fancy Asparagus was unchanged,
but offerings of No. stock dragged and prices
took a wider range. Choice offerings of String
Beans, Peaa and Tomatoes were in demand
for northern shippings at good prices. String
Beans from Vacaville were offering and sold
for 15@20c per lb.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2®2%c per lb;
old,' $1 50@l 75 for Burbanks from the river:
Oregon Burbanks, $1 75®2 15; Oreson Garnet
Chiles, $ 1 50@l 65; River Reds, *1 30@l 50;
Early Rose, for saed. $1 65@1 75; Oregon Bur
banks,- for seed, $1 35® 1 t!5; Sweets, i- 25 for
Merced.
ONIONS— Nevadas. $2 50@2 75; Australian.
$3 50@3 75. second hands; new red, 90c@$l per
sack: Green Onions, 25650c per box; Silver
skins, 75c@$l ser box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 25 per box, $1 75@2 for No. 1. and $1@1 50
for. No. 2; Rhubarb, 40@65c per box; extra
fancy, 85c@fl; Green Peaa, 75c@$l per sack
and lc per Alb to the canners; String Beans,
from Los Angeles, 8@12%c per lb, including:
Wax; Cabbage. 50@65c per ctl ; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, $1 25@2 25 per box and crate; Mexi
can Tomatoes, $1 25@1 75 per box for repacked;
Dried Peppers. 10@llc per lb; Los Angeles do,
13@17%c; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, 50@75c.per dozen for small and $1®
1 25 for large; Garlic, 2@3c; Los Angeles Green
Peppers,. 15c; Mexican do, S@10c; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, 15@17%c; Summer Squash,
from Los Angeles, $125@175; Marrowfat
Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15
@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of, the $150,000,000 gold ; reserve I in
the division of redemption, shows: ¦' r • '
Available cash balance $1S6.161,O99; gold,
$95,038,014. "
3000; market steady to strong. -Good to prime
steers,. $6 S0@7 20,' nominal; poor to medium,
$4' 60@6 75; stockers and : feeders, '$2 50@5 30;
cowt, $1 40®5 75; heifers, $2 50@6; canners,
$1 40<3'2 40; bulls. $2 50@5 75; calves, ' $2@5 35;
Texas-fed steers, $2 55@(J 25. -¦••¦ '¦-
HOGS — Receipts, 18,000; to-morrow,' 25.000;
left over. 2500. Five to ten, cents lower. Mixed
and butchers, $6 80@7 15; good to choice
heavy, $7 15@7 30; rough heavy, $6 85®7 10;
light, $0 60@6 05; bulk. $6 80@7 10.
SHEEB—Recelpts, 10,000. Choice ¦ steady;
others lower. Lambs. 10@20c lower. Good to
choi co wethers, $5 75@6 25: fair to • choice
mixed. $4 75@5 60; Western sheep, $5 25@6 25;
native lambs, clipped, $4 75@6 50; Western
lambs, $5 25@C 50; wooled Colorados, $6 85.
ST. JOSEPH
ST. JOSEPH. May 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
600. -Steady to 10c higher. Natives $5 25@
6 10; cows and heifers, $1 60@6 25; veals $3 25
<g>6; stockers and feeders, $2 25@5 35.
HOGS — Receipts, t>700. Five to ten cents
lower. Light and light mixed, $6 85@7 10;
medium and heavy. $7. 05@7 25; pigs, $4 25@6.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3300. Steady. Western
lambs, $6 20@6 85; Western sheep, $5@6 25. .
10»l@llVic; California, 10@10%c; : Rape, 154©
2^ic; Hemp, 3%c cer lb. • ¦
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@2; Green. 51 50
@2; Blackej-e, nominal. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL;: WEDNESDAY, MAY: 7, 19UiI.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE COAST RECORD.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
67; minimum, 5C; mean, .62.
8
Wool is quoted very dull, as the early pur
chases at high prices have made buyers very
cautious. , The : strikes in the mills on ¦ the
Atlantic seaboard are also affecting business.
Prices show no change and the market is re
ported in an unsatisfactory condition.
Hops' rule quiet, as previously- reported,
with fine crop prospects . and more ¦ on • hand !
than at this time last year.
Hides are working around firmer, both here
and in the East. Some large, sales have been
made j and local dealers are expecting an im
provement in prices. Several are already Quot
ing higher. . ,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'ac under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%igllc; medium, 9V'«@10c; light 8®
0c: Cow - Hides. 0c for heavy and 8@8%c for
light: Stags, 6«.®7c: Salted - Kip. 8V4<S9c-
Salted-, Veal, 9@9%c; , Salted ? Calf. 10c: Dry
.Hides. 15@lG%c: Culls,. 14c: Dry Kip. ll@13c
.Dry Calf. ., 16@lSc; Culls * and Brands I5c :
Sheepskins, 5 shearlings, 20030c each- short
Wool, n5(S6Oc each: medium. G5@75c: Ions
Wool. 90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides s.ilt $•» 75
©3 for large and $2 25(32 50 for medium $l
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides dry
$1 ! 75 for large, $1 25©1 50 for medium, $1 for
email and 5Oc for Colts. Buck Skins Dry
Mexican. 32%c: dry salted Mexican. 25c- dry
Central American. 32%c.' Goat .Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and ¦ smooth, 5Oc; medium
35c. ¦¦,•',, - ; .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5U.@6c per lb-
No. 2, 4%«?5c: grease. 2%@3%e!
WOOL— Spring— Northern free. 14@16c; do
defective. i:i@14c: Middle County free. ¦ I&3l5c*
! do.-, defective,-: 12©I3c; Southern, 12 months 0®
Continued oa Page Eleven.
There was fair trading on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, but the only vaiia
! tion worthy of note was a decline In Pacific
Gas at $3U<3>40. The oil stocks continued dull,
but Sterling was higher at $1 80@l 82%.
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
Oil stocks ex-dividend yesterday were Im
perial. 20c. and Thirty-Three. 10c.
The following quotations for the' United Rall-
10c; do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill, 11313<j;
Nevada, 12@15c i>er lb.
HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice. .;,-¦ ;r
ITacomaCo. 1
Steel 1
'Is. a good stock to buy at 15c. f|
Advances to 20c May 10. Why 9
lose five cents a share? Will go |l
to par quicker than the average ||
stock. Safe. Profitable. . .? Pros- 'm
pectus tells the true story of this m
• big company and its big proper- n
.ties. Ask 11s for it. u
The American Poaranty andTnist Co., |
829-823 Haywari Enildiag. £j
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
TO-DAY, May 7, we will sell at auction at
7 Seventh st.. the contents of ona 8-roora lodg-
ing-house, as carpets, bedding, stoves, lac»
curtains, chairs, tables, kitchen utensils, etc..
on account of tearing down the house. Mo-
BRIDE & CO.. Auctioneers. 785 Market st.TVASHINGTON, j May v - 6.— The \ President
to-day f Berit' these - nominations to the Sen-;
ate:"; Alexander- S: f.Brodie,*. Governor !of
Arizona, 7? Postmasters: ¦'< California—Aus
tin - Young, 2 Randsburg.^; Montana— George
.we. Hiiffmaker." Helevaa. - i i' -r - ..'.
Governor for 'Arizona " Nominated.
f-DENVERi ;': May^ 6.— Four ' hundred'wbod
workera5in the-flvellargest:mills ; 5 of Den
"ver^went' on strike to-day^ to : enforce their
demand I for, an .eight-hour, day. ; They i are
supported ". by everyi building; trade ! in 'the
city, i and unless the strike is settled with-'
in* forty-eight' hpurs ; building operations
may; be ; entirely. stODDed. : ¦";•; ' ¦.- ' . f : - :
Woodworkers ; Go Von . Strike.
EL. PASO, Tex., May 6.--A.H.; Schofield,
secretary . of the Caples Lumber Company
and prominently. Identified with the \ Bap
tlst: church {'of '. this 'city , as assistant su
perintendent' of i the Sunday-school,'" cpm
mltted suicide .to-day : at ; the lumber yards
by ., shooting . himself with • a' pistol. Busi
ness : worry > and" bad ¦ health ¦ are • assigned
as the ¦ causes .for -his . carefully formed
purpose to take his own life. ¦
v.Schofleldi disappeared 'this morning at' 1
o'clock. ;]He, .was found -sitting in an up
right *- position 2- behind . a -'. pile of i lumber,
with. a pistol; in -his hand. .. ; He had. shot
himself : in: the , mouth. . A note addressed
to his .wife i was found beside 1 him, buf . in
it he •; gave no r . reason ¦; for ¦; killing, himself. 1
He was a half-brother of Gen
eral i Schofleld * U. ¦> S.- A., retired, and had
lived, herei about 'four years.> His former
home was in Missouri.'- .. ¦¦¦¦ :¦-.-'.
Schofield Commits - Suicide in
: v- \ . -Tescas^City. ',"' !.;'.. . ; '
Half -Brother of Lieutenant . General
SUNDAY SCHOOL WORKER
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
EL, pASOi Tex.; May 6.— John Graham,
a wealthy .ranchman, living fourteen
miles west of town, Just over .the New
Mexico line, "was ; beaten into . insensibility
and bound to the Southern Pacific "Rail
way track by "his wife,; his 16-year-old
daughter and James Crow, his daughter's
lover, and left .there to be mangled -by the
first passing traln.%;: r.: 1 "'..' . • '
Graham recovered. consciousness,: broke'
hin bonds and i escaped > a; horrtble ; death.
As soon as he was able to talk the Sheriff
of ; Dona* Ana'; County was [notified," Crow,
armed : with a^ rifle,'; fled to the mountains
and defied the officers.- He with Mrs.rGra
humand her "daughter, were, located! hero,
early - this morning -s and t the •: house was
surrounded: ; Crow v surrendered ¦'¦*¦ and v all
the " accused i persons are ¦< now ' in 'custody. 1
, Graham states '¦¦ that ; his , family .i and | pros
pective son-in-law ; wanted him' out of ¦. the" 1
way, soNthat they, might get possession of.
his property.-;,;- . ; -\v • 1 "
Wealthy Rancher's Wife and Dangh
v ter Participants in Attempt to
" : ' • .;' • Atrocious Crime. ,
EIND HIM TO A TBAiCK .
TO CATJSE -HIS DEATH
A lecture on "How to Build California"
VlU be delivered to-right at Golden Gate
Hall by 'William A. Smyth of San Diego,
president of the Construction Leaarue of
California. The lecture is to be under tha
aufcpices.of the Unity Club. '
"How to Build California."
Monthly with a political purpose, but
with no thought of aught but its local ef
fect." ¦ ¦¦: - ¦¦•;•' ¦/ ¦ ¦• .' - hi 1
"The Outcasts : of Poker Flat," "Mig
gles," "Tennessee's Pardner," "Flynn of
Virginia," ( "Dicklns In Camp" and other
sketches and poems followed. These add
ed to his growing reputation and fortune.
, In 1S70 ; Harte : was appointed professor
of recent, literature In the University of
California, '¦; but soon resigned . that place,
as well as his editorship of the Overland,
and went - to ; New York. " Later he at
tempted . to • found ajllterary magazine In
Chicago, but failed. He then accepted a
nominar position on the Atlantic Monthly
at a large salary, which he drew for two
years but did very little work.
Bret Harte never returned to California,
and in recent years lived abroad. In 1878
he was appointed United States Consul at
Crefeld, Germany, and In 1S80 was trans
ferred to Glasgow, Scotland,' where he re
mained until v 1885,'. when having a suf
ficient income from his works he retired
from active work and devoted himself to
literature.
Bret Harte depicted things and men as
he saw them, and few writers of any day
are more vigorous or veracious In- por
trayal. ; He was a slow worker, but In his
time turned out much that will live long
and little that is not worth living. Among
hi3 later. works are "Mrs. Skagg's Hus
bands'V (1S72), "Tales of the Argonauts I
and Other Stories" (1S75), r "Gabriel -Con
roy.'Va novel (1876) ; ."Two Men of Sandy '
Bar." a drama- (1S77);- "Drift. From Two i
Shores" '• (1878) : ' "The ¦ Twins of Table*'
Mountain" • (1S79) ; "Flip and Found at
Blazing- Star", (1882); "In the Carqulnez
. Woods" (1S83); "On the Frontier" , (1884; ;
"Maruja," a novel (1885); "Snowbound at
"Eagle's" (1886); "A Millionaire of Rough
and.'Ready" v (1887); "The • Crusade ; of the
: Excelsior,", a novel <1SS7),. and "Th'e Argo
nauts of North Liberty" (1888).
The boxers entered the ring at Mechan
ics' Pavilion Annex and after fighting ono
round were taken into custody. by Lieu
tenant of Police Blrdsall. They were re
leased on $100 bail. The case will be tak
en at once to the Supreme - Court on a
writ of habeas corpus.
The officials of the Bay City Athletic
Club hold that, having paid $1200 for. a
license to promote boxing, they may give
as many contests as they please and the
Supervisors can place no restrictions on
them. ¦¦- - ¦ ' ¦' '
The first steps were taken yesterday to
test the ordinance governing. boxing con
tests in this city. James Neill, manager
of Bay City Athletic Club, and John How
ard and Louis Burns, boxers, were ar
rested for violating the ordinance. They
fought without having secured a permit
from the Supervisors.
Matter Into Court.
Bay City Athletic Club Takes th3
TEST BOXING OBDINANCE.
FAMOUS AMERICAN AUTHOR
WHOSE DEATH OCCURRED
AT HIS ENGLISH HOME.
Mrs. Frank Griffith has returned to her
home on Washinton street.
Mrs. Caesar Bertheau and Miss Helen
Bertheau leave to-day, en- route- to Eu
rope. They will remain abroad six
months. ' . , .
¦ Mrs. M. I/. Conn was "at home \ on
Monday at 1358 Post street A number of
callers were received. •
¦ Mr. and Mrs. Herman Hyneman, Miss
Hyneman, Miss Lollta Hyneman . fend
Master - Walter Hyneman left yesterday
morning for an extended Eastern trip.
Mrs. Edward Selfridge and' Miss Cath
erine Self ridge departed Monday for West
Point, where they will remain for the
graduation of Mr» Edward Selfridge Jr. .
Miss Maud O'Connor is at Napa Soda
Springs. ' ¦
Monroe Salisbury left- yesterday for a
trip) East. He will remain several weeks.
Misa Irene Canarvan and "William T.
Valentine were married by Rev. Father
Cooper Saturday evening. The only at
tendants were Miss Eva Canarvan, the
bride's sister, who acted. as maid of honor,
and C. M. Kellum, best man. The bride
comes frprn San Mateo, while the groom
is a resident of this city. .
A most enjoyable dinner* was given at
the Palace grill on Friday evening by Mr.
Dwlght M. Collins of Berkshire, Mass.
Among those present were: Mrs. Charles
W. Hathaway, Miss Hathaway, Mr. and
Mrs. Mansfield Lovell and Miss Lovell. •
Mrs. Albert Baer gave an informal tea
at her residence, 1383 Geary stret, yester
day afternoon. The drawing-rooms were
prettily decorated with spring flowers and
foliage. A number of callers were pleas
antly entertained. Refreshments were
served during the afternoon.
" Mrs. Glass, wife of Admiral Glass, gave
,a pleasant ; luncheon in honor of Mrs.
Casey, wife of Admiral Casey, a few days
ago" on Mare Island. . Covers were laid
for fourteen. ; ..The decorations were sim
ple and in excellent taste. Among those
present were: Mrs. Rawles, Mrs. Lewis,
Mrs. .William Ingraham Kip, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. Arthur Fprster, Mrs. Stoney,
Mrs. Llvermore, Mrs. .Vandelynn Stow,
Mrs. Rodgers, Mrs. Nokes, Mrs. Johnson.
Mrs. Roe, Mrs. Carter Pomeroy, Mrs.
Llewellyn Jones.
His natural tendencies in due time be
came too pressing to be longer unheeded.
He wrote a story, ''M'llss," which was
published in the Golden Era and attract
ed much attention, that of Starr • King
among others/ who, calling at the 1 office
and learning the Identity of the author,
advised that he be taken from the case :
and put at a desk. After "M'llss" came
other sketches and- hla "Condensed Nov
els.", but none was so good as "M'llss."
His name, however, had begun to attract
attention, and by some one's favor Jn 1863
he was made secretary of the branch mint
in this city, a political sinecure, which he
held for six years. He continued writing
during this time and put out "John Burns
of- Gettysburg," "The Pliocene Skujl,"
"The . Society Upon the ; Stanislaus" . and
other stories. Then came "The Luck of
Roaring Camp," by which his fame began
to grow and with it the reputation and
circulation of the' Overland, In which it:
was published and of which he was then
editor. .¦¦•¦,
, Soon' after "The Luck" came !'The -
Heathen Chinee." , This fixed his fame as
a. writer and? humorous poet. "Truthful
James" and- "Bill' Nye" became persons
of national' reputation, and Bret Harte's
name was on everybody's tongue. >.;;.
Bret Harte said once: ", 'The Heathen
Chinee' Vwas Iwritten for the ; Overland
After the; pedagogic effort for several
years, as he himself expressed it, he
"wandered about California, from city to
camp and camp to city, without any spe
cial purpose." He did. anything that fell
to his hand in order to make his living.
Finally he learned to set type, and. after
working, on papers in Eureka and other
country places, In 1857 , returned to San
Francisco and found work, at his newly
adopted vocation on the Golden Era. '
There-he worked for some time, in em
bryo, as it were. It was a sort of prelude
to the development into the higher sphere
in which he was to win fame and for
tune. When he was only, 11 years of age
he * had written a little poem entitled
"Autumn Musings," which he sent to the
New York Sunday Atlas. It was accept
ed and published. He showed it to his
parents, but only to be discouraged from
any future attempts in that direction for
a long time. '•
He gave up all poetical aspirations, yet
did not find anything else that suited hi3
bent. It was better so, for persistence in
that direction would have doubtlesa lost
him the opportunities for observation • of
nature and natural men that he. en joyed
in his years of wandering in the campj
arid ¦ sierras of California. - • ¦ \
i With pick and ¦ shovel ; he sought the
"color," / but after some months of, for
him, hard and disappointing work he
gaveit up. He next took the place- as
Wells-Fargo messenger of a man who had
been shot a few days before. This posi
tion he held for some months, and then
started a school, in Sonora, which had by
that time ..become' -quite ; a town. . The
school was a failure and he left It. _ '
cles of the Middle Ages," "Don Quixote 1 '
and "The Argonauts." ¦-•'¦•
His father died when the boy was about
14 years of age. Soon after he came with
his mother to California. He worked in
San Francisco j at anything he could fin<l
to do for a few months in the first half
of 1853, and then started for the gold
mines, walking from San Francisco to
Sonora. •'¦; • , •
GIVES DINNER
IN HONOR OF
HER FRIEND
We are also* to have a telegraph station on
the Farallon Islands. This Is a matter In
whleh The Call has taken a deep Interest, and
I am pleased to say that the agricultural ap
propriation bill, which passed the House a
week ago, carried the sum of $40,000 for this
purpose. If cables are to be used, or $3000 it
wireless telegraphy Is to be Installed. ¦¦
It was a matter of great regret to ua that
no member from the "West was en th« co.n
fcrence committee In either house of Con
gress. Of course. that was largely due to th»
make-up of the committees from which the
conferees were chosen. Under ths custom that
prevails in Congress the conferees are gener
ally taken from the committee which originally
reports the bill. Mr..Flatt of Connecticut was
put on the % conference committee In tne sen
ate, although not a member of the Commit
tee on Immigration, which ortgtnally
the bill. This was a radical departure from
the usual rule and Senator Frye In making the
appointment of confreres on the part ¦ of the
Senate referred to the matter at tfcat time,
saying that in view of the attitude of the Sen
ate In adopting the Platt substitute he deemed
it to be the desire of the Senate to have Senator
Platt in the conference. No word of P««e"
was raised against this procedure and tnat is
how Senator Platt came to be one of the con-
C The' bill as finally passed continues all the
existing laws in force until otherwise provided
by law! It extends those lawa to our Insular
1-Sssesslona and prohibits the i"™»n*J£»«£
Chinese laborers from those insular possessions
the mainland and from one i^ular posses
sion to another. It also Provides for the regis
tration of all Chinese at present in our Insular
' possessions.
TO CKEATE NEW/ STATES.
I expect to hurry back to "Washington to
cast my vote In favor of the bill to create the
States of Arizona. New Mexico and Oklahoma
I am in hearty favor of its P&»sa*e It will
mean the election of six additional United
States Senators from the West. U seems to xna
that our people at this time are Interested In
seeing men elected who will etand by "Western
Interests. No matter what the political faith
of the new Senators may be, it is certain that
whenever any Western Interest will be af
fected they will stand for the protection of
those Interests. ...
I am glad to say that we will secure a new
custom-house for.. San Francieco In the near
future The House has already appropriated
$100,000 for thl« purpose and this amount will
be materially increased by the Senate. The
new structure will occupy the site of the pres
ent building. I had an interview with Mr.
Taylor, the supervising architect of the Treas
ury, Just before I came away with- a -view
toward securing the use of California materials
in the construction of the new building. Mr.
Taylor assured roe that preference would ba
given to California building material and that
in all likelihood the new structure will be of
granite. - -
Indeed the State has fared very well In the
matter of appropriations for public Improve
ments. Although the entire amount appro
priated by the House bill aggregated $16,000.
000, California gets over one-sixteenth of the
total amount. The amount appropriated for
river and harbor improvements is also very
considerable. - - -
Mr. George Edward Raum, the kind-hearted,
disinterested friend, who has applied for letters
of I guardianship, "just to protect Mr. Flnlay
son's estate from robbers and designing people
by the strong 1 arm of the law," informed me
this evening that he never had been interviewd
by a reporter about- Mr. Finlayson's affairs
until last evening at San Rafael, and then was
asked but two questions, and further said that
he bad never told any one that Miss Ingarglola
had demanded Finlayson's keys at the Hotel
Rafael, or that she had ever claimed to be his
niece or any of the other statements published
concerning her. . A. C. BARRY.
Editor of The Call— Sir: I desire to call
your attention to an article that appeared in
this morning's Issue of The Call about the
sickness of James ; Finlayson in which this
statement appears: ' .
. "Last week 'Countess' Ingargiola callea at
the Hotel Kaf ael and claimed she was Fin
layson's niece. She demanded the key to his
strong box and Informed the hotel manager
that she would have • her 'uncle' removed to
her home in San Francisco. The hotel man
ager refused to give the woman . the key to
the box, and attending physicians declined to
allow tie sick man to be moved from his
rooms: . ¦". ¦ . .
"The ; 'Countess' then declared that Finlay
son had made a will in her favor, and that
A. C. Barry, claiming to be an attorney and
who resides In her flat at 9Q5 .Eddy street,
had drawn It."
I desire to Bay that this statement is ab
solutely false. The article further states that
the 'woman calling herself Countess Ingarglola,
who stftted last week that she was a niece
of Finlayson, is now keeping in hiding. This
statement is untrue, as are a number of other
statements and insinuations of the writer of
th.} articles here referred ' to. A brief state
ment of facts in this case Is as follows:--,-
Mr. James Finlayson has been an intimate
friend of mine for the past fourteen years, and
for a portion of the time has lived In the same
house where I made my home. I have acted as
his legal adviser In most of hlsbuslness trans
actions where legal advice seemed to be nec
essary. Since he has been residing at San
Rafael I have seen him almost every day at
his office or place of business in this city. As
soon as I was notified of his present Bickness
I immediately went to .see him at the Hotel
Rafael, In San Rafael, and found him almost
wholly unconscious; and learned from his physi
cian and the people at the hotel that he was
found in his room In that condition. I He has
all the care and attention from the hotel man
agers that could be given to any one, besides
the constant attention of a very competent pro
fessional nurse, and th« best medical service
: and skill that could be obtained. I with many
of- his friends from this city called to see him
quite often, with no othe'r motives than kind
ness and disinterested friendship. Among his
callers was Miss Ingarglola, who had been well
acquainted with him for years, and was In the
I habit of calling him Uncle Jamea. as Mrs. Nel
j eon and other ladles often did, but Miss In-'
I gargiola never claimed to be his niece, nor did
she ever tell any one that she was. Miss In
garglola never demanded Mr. Flnlayson's keys
or anything else that belonged to him. . " •
The following communication has been
received from A. C. Barry in connection
with the affairs of Jamea Finlayson, the
aged capitalist, who is lying at the point
of death at the Hotel Rafael in San Ra
fael;
WHY FLATT "WAS CHOSEN.
Julius Kahn, Congressman from tna
Fourth District, sllppeu quietly into Ibo
city last Sunday night. He kept hia pres
ence a. secret in order that he might have
a needed rest and enjoy the society of his
family. He stated last night that he cam©
home to see Julius- Jr. and his mother
and he found them both doing well. He
further said he was not here to transact
business and would depart immediately
for Washington.
In discussing matters of interest to resi
dents of this State, Congressman Kahn
gave some interesting facts. He spoko
especially about the Chinese exclusion
bill, in which he took an active interest,
saying: ,«.,.:. "--
While the bill that passed ultimately was
not all that the Pacific Coast members desired
it was the very best that could be obtained
under the circumstances. There was no diffl
culty in -passing the Mil that was wanted by
the people of California through th« House, but
the Senate insisted that the existing lawa
should be continued. As a matter of fact tne>
so-called Mltchell-Kahn bill was practically tha
codification of the existing laws, treasury regu
lations and present practices. In the latter
bill the existing lawa were continued in ex
press language. The Senate bill simply con
tinues them by reference. The members ofthe
California delegation made a strong effort to
secure the retention of the seamen's clause la
the Senate bill, but without avail. In. view oC
the short time that was left within which to
secure an agreement the House conferee3
finally yielded this point, because they did not
want to assume the responsibility of having
the bill fail altogether.
Denies She DemandsclKey to
the Strong Box in His
Magnificent New Custom-
House for San Francisco
Is Assured.
Congressman From the
Fourth Talks on Ex
clusion Act.
TelJS of Her Interest
in Capitalist James
Finlayson.
BARRY DEFENDS
MISS INGARGIOLA
JULIUS KAHN
HOME ON VISIT
ITALIANS MAY
BEAR THE BLAME
New Light Thrown on
Arrest of Ameri
can Officers.
Letters Indicate That Action
in Venice Was an
Outrage.
LONDON, May 6.— Private letters from
Home give a very different complexion to
the arrest of the American naval officers
at Venice. They say that instead of
thanking the King of Italy for the clem
ency in pardoning the officers, the United
States should demand an apology.
A correspondent writes that when Unit
ed States Embassador George \ r on Meyer,
first heard the news he was "inclined to
let justice follow its course," but on sec
ond thought he was touched by the prob
able ruin of the future careers of the
officers and therefore approach
"ed the Foreign Minister to arrange mat
ters if possible. ..>
The action of the American Consul at
Venice, Henry A. Johnson, was much
criticized by some people, as showing
•want of tact;" but. according to reports
which have now arrived here, he acted
in the most energetic manner and with
proper backing would have had the offi
cers returned to their ship.
A correspondent writes that when the
Consul was summoned in a hurry after
the fight he energetically protested
against the arrest of the officers and de
manded their immediate removal on
board the Chicago. The Italian author
ities, however, would not yield the point.
The Consul's failure to exercise * - tact"
seems, according to the correspondence
from Rome, to have been failure to "of
fer immediately adequate pecuniary com
pensation for the damage done and to
those who were wounded in the fight."
?'PING-PONG ANKLE"
OUR VERY IiATEST WOE
LONDON, May 6.— "Ping-pong ankle" Is
the latest companion to "tennis elbow."
The medical name is tenosynovitis, and It
hurts much.
An account of a case of "ping-pong an
kle" is gi\*en prominence in the British
Medical Journal. The patient had consid
erable swelling of the left leg above the
ankle*. The swelling subsided after a day
passed in bed. An examination showed
acute inflammation of the Bheaths, of the
tendons connected with the muscles
avound the shin. The attendant ascribed
the suffering to the results of pins-pong
playing, and he wrote to .the Medical
Journal, warning players that the game
involves a great strain on the shin bone
and muscles, and until a costume and
footgear appropriate to the popular sport
is evolved the disease is likely to fre
qvently occur.
DEATH STAYS THE VIRILE PEN
OF WORLD =FAMED BRET HARTE
Celebrated Author, Whose Stories of the Pioneer Days in California
Brought Him Prominence in \ Literature and a Fortune,
Passes Away Suddenly at His- 'English Home in Camberley
POPE DEPLORES
PRELATE'S DEATH
Passing of Archbishop
Corrigan Grieves the
Pontiff.
Body Will Lie in State in
the Cathedral in
;V New York.
The Westminster Gazette remarks:
"The world has lost one of the most be
loved of its-writers."
• "His work." says the Pall Mall Gazette,
"was the common property of the Anglo-
Saxons on both sides of the Atlantic."
"Except a little cold," said Harte, "I
have no ailments or complaints. While I
am getting to be a pretty old man" (point
ing to his snow-white hair) "there is life
in the old dog yet," and thereupon he lit
a cigar so large that it would have done
credit to any of his P.oker Flat friends;
He was hoping, he also said, to do more
work, but he confessed he was growing
lazy.
The afternoon papers make very sym
pathetic comments on the death of Bret
Harte.%
Harte had been living in England for,
years. Most of his time was spent in the
country, and when, in. London he was al
most secluded, having few visitors to' his
rooms at Lancaster Gate, and only going
to the houses of a limited number of very
intimate friends. Several months ago,
when a false report of his death was cir
culated in America, a correspondent called
at his rooms. '• Harte then appeared to • be
perfectly well.- He laughed heartily and
quoted Mark Twain's old saying about
the report being. greatly exaggerated.
Harte had been suffering from swelled
tonsils since December, last, but . did . not
consider the attack to be serious. A week
ago he went Jto visit friends at Camber
ley and was present at Funch, as usual,
yesterday. He suddenly became ill in the
afternoon, went to bed and died in a few
hours. His end was peaceful.
LONDON, May C— F. Bret Harte,
the American author, died sud
denly last night at Red House,
Camberley, near Aldershot, .from
hemorrhage, caused by an affec
tion of the throat. ' ,
Francis Bret Harte, though one of the
first Californians to achieve wide fame
as an author and whose inspiration and
material for his best works was gathered
among her hills and canyons, was not a
native of this State. He was born in Al
bany, N. Y., August 25, 1839, of English-
German parents. Hebrew blood was
mixed in his veins. His father was a lit
erary man and a- professor of Greek in
the .Albany Female College. Young
Harte, , though not fond of hard study,
inherited some of his father's taste for
reading, and had early absorbed a num
ber of such books as Froissart's "Chronl-
Many Celebrated Stories.
Interesting Career of the Author of
HABTE'S EVENTFUL LITE.
NEW YORK, May 6.— The arrangements
for the funeral of Archbishop Corrigan
are being rapidly completed. The body
will lie in state in the cathedral from 11
o'clock to-morrow until 11:30 Friday. Be
ginning to-morrow, a guard of honor, con
sisting of members of the Sixty-ninth
Regiment, the Knights of Columbus, Holy
Name" Society, Catholic Benevolent As
sociation and other Catholic organizations
will stand watch over the body in the
cathedral. There will also be representa
tive Catholic citizens such as John D.
Crimmins and W. Bourke Cockran, who
will act as a guard of honor.
Throughout the city to-night meetings
were heid by numerous Catholic societies
for the purpose of framing suitable . reso
lutions and taking action regarding the
death of the Archbishop. j _-- ¦
The services over the remains will be
gin Thursday night in the cathedral. with
the divine office. At 11:30 o'clock Friday
morning a solemn high requiem mass will
be celebrated. Archbishop Ryan of Phila
delphia, a life-long friend of the deceased
Archbishop, will preach the funeral ser
mon. Bisnop McQuaid of Rochester will
be celebrant.
The following Archbishops have sent
telegrams saying they will be present' at
the funeral: Archbishop Elder, Cincin
nati; Archbishop Feehan, Chicago, who
will be represented by Bishop Muldoon;
Archbishop Williams, Boston; Archbishop
Crystie, Oregon. •
ROME, May 6.— The Pope was greatly
distressed when informed of the death of
Archbishop Corrigan of New York. His
Holiness had been a constant inquirer for
news throughout the Archbishop's illness,
sending daily to the American College for
information regarding the prelate's con
dition. . • '
The news of the death of Archbishop
Corrigan was conveyed to the Vatican in
a newspaper dispatch. Mgr. Angeli, the
Pope's private secretary, broke the news
gently to his Holiness. The latter was
greatly depressed and said:
"It has been one of the greatest bitter
nesses of my long life to see the strongest
champions of the militant church claimed
by death. Archbishop Corrigan was very
affectionate to us. We esteemed and loved
him greatly."
The Pope then retired to his private
chapel to pray.
PEORIA, 111., May 6.— The national conven
tion of the "Women's International Union Label
League met here to-day, being called to order
by National President Mrs. Ellen LilUbrldge of
Streator, 111. There are 180 delegates present.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, " 1902. .
9
The Bad Boy ? s Bowel Blessing
Nature punishes every excess, not only of the bad boy, bat of ourselves. as
well. Over-eating, over-drinking, under-sleeping result in bowel troubles liablo
|^- ( to become serious.
' . JfZ ' jLb^. ¦ "My ehildren will taVe Casear«ti iooner than »ny othM
- J?j^& - jy^ -medicine." — Mr*. Frank Manert, Princeton, III.
J&Zjr >^~ "I am bow -nsina Ca.icaret* in my family and they »r*
t&T /j^. 4T~ v '* -^k-' wonderful among children." -
; ¦ -,.- BT.^ '.•" > : 4bf j[ \ ~^** V. Thompson. Portsmouth, Ta.
SJm JrM\- >VV^ 5 ?JN 1 ' "Our little irlrl was troubled with constipation for OTer
Siml /£5l rllJ 1 A iwo yea"- Cascarets cured her. They arc also the besl
WSB LtSlr" 1 *^V remedy for colds we ever used."
fiSlJf v!»ili»t« —Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Dntord, Clayton, N. Y.
Is3ftg I % ¦ vli lift "^ aTB nsed Cascarets and have found th«m a most
HrVEVw V^/i^ I/A3k 1 A eieellent remedv for both mysilf and mr children."
ITt5aj A.«r^i^er^ "'J&V Jl ~ Mrs- Brid * 8t McCrosson, 9<W Bead St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
V V§€ ZJS '^"\ *V 9 Jl "Cascaretg are the easiest medicine to give to ehlldren
".' ** . _ e I ever came across." •'--'. "
ffft"^ \U — Mrs. E. P. Eellly, 4581 CalTin St., Pitt«hUT«. Pv
Bl J^jr*\— -?V tr "Cascarets are. wonderfnllyeood for children."
I <V —Mrs. Jvjn. Roan, Catamount, K. Y.
~* TO^3.^ffi*fl5^\f J^W^ "^ 9 hav » «»e<i Cascaretj for thren rears for th»
JS&S& V&&S? 1 U / 1 1A children as well as ourselves. They do just what
- .'• rfWft^S'ffl ¦" -if/// they «r« recommended to do.". <»¦-£« -"*•>¦<?"-
'jjf '^, —Mrs. P. M. Kolllnc. 418 Dock St., StoubenTille. O.
**^ >|^ "'My tir-oboys think Cascarets are eiady. .1 nev^r
\^r -'f ' ' - * ' ¦ ' I ' 1»«to to insist on their takina them. I sleep with
i ' / i^^- \~ f ¦ *^»kP »i.r > / * Do:lt °* Cascarets under my plUow. I«o home
<¦ Its - , / should be without them." \ r* tt **fSH
I [Gf t ( -Mrs. O. A. Preseott, Chicago, 111.
'¦» - liff llv^C^^. * \ ' "Cascaretii are" tho most pleaiant remedy I hare
VlAsSttI 1 I WVV^V I erernsed. The only trouble I hare with them la to
W) f iff ok IB >J^ "^V / ' ' keep the children from taking too many."
JSUl M-il I A- '^^L-l —Mrs; Jennie F.Mitchell. ¦ - '
x^«fl4 fj - 1 " B -a«»— * 1913 Locust Street. Plttiburg. Pa.
JH&l^l^W 1 Pou^.' "I have never used any remedy that h«n been as
fiBjH' ' y jf y ' rood as Cascarets. Have to keep th«m hidden from
JBsSBO''™*^ ' 1 / ¦ my little boy, as he eats them like eandy." ¦
.-.- . •"¦ < 'W^^^V'v. ; — Mx«. KobUQ. Fay, Goes, Ohio.
Every good ,\ healthy,' hearty boy is sometimes a bad boy — bad to himself; and
will do things in - the green ; apple, mince pie or other over-eating line that will
'.twist nis bowels. Men are only. boys grown tall. , In such a case what is needed '
I is not 'a violent physic that wSl rack.the tender bowel tissues, but Cascaretsli
'Candy Cathartic; gentle but. sure to act.at once and put things right. 'They
"are the most peFfect medicine in the world forall forms of indigestion, dyspepsia
.and constipation.
' /SSx'/i'/.'™ V»4"rv Best for the Bowels. All druggists, :oc; asc, 50c. Never sold ta balk.
I tAJtJ VjCAJ ftAl/VtJ The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money .
j' ViT bac k ' Sample and booklet free. Address • '
I , Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. GJ
GBAPE-NTTTS. .' ' •¦_¦__•__'_;_'_;:_;. .._;_;,,
I ricst hisrh i
Teaches the People j
SOne pound of Grape-Nuts contains more nourishment— that the I
system will absorb— than ten pounds of meat; &
An experiment was tried by a man Who found that by leaving off meat (f
! altogether at breakfast and lunch and taking in its ( place four heaping f
teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts, he began to gain flesh and strength and 'i
before the full pound package was gone had gained four pounds in weight, c
whereas he had been losing on his meat diet, £
t " A gentleman in Baltimore writes: "I was a steady meat eater three times a day for " Jl
V several years. . For a long time I steadily ran down because of an intense pain in my side **
j and also in the pit of my stomach. I was miserable and everything I ate caused distress. jj
g I fell away from 185 pounds to 150. Somebody told me that if I would change my diet and \
I take Grape-Nuts Food at two meals in the day, I would improve. I made an experiment and \
ii in Icsa than two weeks began to improve very rapidly. I discovered that a few teaspoonfuls /j
\ of Grape-Nuts would furnish more nourishment than quantities of meat. My improvement I
1 has continued until now I weigh 195 pounds, which is a gain of about 45 pounds in five months |
g and I feel in magnificent condition. |
H Grape-Nuts is a crisp, dainty and delicious food, selected from the |
« proper parts of the grain and treated by heat, moisture and time to |
gj slowly and perfectly develop the diastase from the grain and transform !»
!the starch into grape sugar in the most perfect manner. The small par- J
tides of phosphate of potash found in the certain parts of the cereals are /S
retained, and these elements vitalize and nourish the body, brain and |
nerve centers. . a
|> Grape-Nuts is a condensed food, and about four teaspoonfuls with ; 8
jj cream is sufficient for the cereal part of a meal. It requires no cooking (I
or preparation of any kind, and is ready for immediate use and suited to K
w the laborer, athlete, brain worker, epicure and invalid. J
I Sold at all grocers' and made at the Pure Food Factories |
V ofthe Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich/ [I
nnii ' t\-Qt\ ,» m 1 rac < n n<i '¦ r> -faf";. rj ran ' t — ¦ri^. l « 1 iHTum dtCt mit JTifiUm 1 JuTn^-jT? KWidE. >j^^j* (^aw;the san FRANciseo call; Wednesday, may; 7; 1902.
10
¦¦HKtr WAiyTED~MAI,F^ro___
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 429 Bush- st
New Railroad Work
.............. FOR NEVADA ..............
2000 teamsters and laborers. .$2 to $2 25 a day
10O concrete laborers V .$2 25 a day
500 rockmen... .........$2 25 a day
3 blacksmiths r.r.;..7.V. ....$3 a day
2 blacksmiths' helpers .$2 25 a day
....... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
BOO tunnelmen, . machine men. drillers and
muckers .........: $2 to $3 a day
500 outside laborers . . . V. $1 75 a day
................ SHIP DAILY-...." ---•
Free Fare. :...... Free Fare .Free Fare
5 foremen. ,'R. R. construction work, $3 a day
and free fare, see party here.
Planer man, sawmill, country, $50 and found;
20 lumber pliers, same place, $35 and found,
see . boss here; 2 carpenters, country, $2 50 a
day and board; 20 farmers, milkers, chore-
men and others. $20 to $30.
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef cook, country hotel. $100; head waiter.
$35; 2 waiters, $30, same country hotel ;, sec-
ond cooks, fryers and broilers, $40 to $70:
dishwashers,- kitchen hands and others, $20
to -fMO; extra confectioner, $2 50 to $3 a day.
country hotel, fare paid; extra- sllverman,
$1 50 a day, country hotel, fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. .429 Bush st
WANTED — First-class wash goods salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' .
WAN.TED — Bright boy from 16 to 18 years of
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between S and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a..m. at
HALE BROS'. _ ¦ ¦
BOY wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO., corner
Powell and Eddy sts. :; *; •¦
WANTED — First-class wrapper. S. N. WOOD
6 CO.. 718 Market st - * * -:
WANTED— A thorough boys' and children's
. clothing salesman. Apply at S. N. WOOD
& CO.'S. 718 Market st. «.
WANTED — Errand boys. large, not under 15
years of age; good chances for advancement
Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN COMPANY.
124 Sutter st *
ENERGETIC young man, genteel appearance,
to take permanent charge city soliciting for
established business; $18 per week. Room
115, Phelan building.'
WANTED — Bright, wide-awake man with $200
cash as partner in profitable office business;
big money for right party. For full particu-
-lars apply P. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny. r. 1.
WANTED — Live energetic man to present first-
class Investment proposition: salary and com-
mission; must have rets. .Box 1635, Call.
$50 — GOOD chance for steady man; cigar store;
full value given in stock: no night work.
Inquire cigar factory, 257 Fourth, nr. Folsom.
BLACKSMITH, finisher^ and carriage painter.
. O'BRIEN'S, Gulden Gate ave and Polk st
WANTEI>-Tallor to work on coats. Apply at
141. Seventh st
BARBER shop wanted, downtown. Address
720 Post st
WANTED— Dishwasher at 15S1 Valencia st.
WANTED— Cash boys, $15 a month. ROOS
BROS., 25-37. Kearny st
BARBER ehops supplied with towels, 40c per
100. Phone Kate 26. :,
, BARBER wanted — Good barber, $15 week. J.
J. SCHNEIDER, San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
TRIMMER to trim coats for machine. 541
Market st - . '
BOYS wanted. Ill Clay st . ' .. '
WANTED — Miners for Alaska, 60c hour and
board; must pay fare. Box 808, Call, of flee.
WANTED — A good barber; short hour Job.
1743 Market st.
ELEVATOR boy. 29 Stockton st
BARBER wanted. 304 Folsom st ..."''
FIRST-CLASS bushelman; steady work. 308
Bush st. ¦ . \
LUNCH waiter wanted. Call 100 Second
street.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 123 Sixth st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 434 Fifth st
WANTED— Experienced lunch cook; ' steady
place. 130 . Howard st
MAN for chores on ranch; $10 and found.
Box O44. ; Call office.'
WAITER wanted at 2002 Fillmore | st Call
.before 10 o'clock.. . • - :
WANTED— A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
clal proposition; successful candidates earn
. $100 to $300 mo.; salary and. liberal commis-
. sion paid. Apply T. W.'Griffln. daily from 2
to 4 p. m.. except Sunday, St. Nicholas Hotel,
room 237, 1C0K Market st
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
- inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st,, San Francisco. '^
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver. House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. -HOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. ______
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
- be graduate grammar school, and well recom-
• mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 492S, Call.
WANTED — An experienced window frame cut-
. ter; also bench hand. Ingler & Youns .Mill
" Co., Fourth and Washington sts.. Oakland.
WANTED — Bench hands for -brass works. Ap-
ply superintendent, after 10 a. m., THOMAS
DAY CO., 725 Mission st
WANTED — Boys about 15 years of age to learn
' a trade. Apply superintendent after 10 a.
m., THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mission St.
WANTED — A few bright boys to work In shirt
factory. Apply THE.L. ELKINS CO., 29
and 31 Battery st. ¦"> .
BARBER shop — Will buy a good barber shop,
city or country, for cash. GUS JOERSCHKE
1161% Mission st. _ . . '
BOYS wanted" for the American District Mes-
senger service. Apply at once at 607 Mar-
. ket st.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. 111-115 Larkin.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. \563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
./-to COc. 563 -Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PAYING. barber shop at your own price; living
rooms; rent $10. Box 1513, Call . of flee.
A FIRST-CLASS foreman wanted for coat de-
partment; good steady position to the right
¦ party; good wages. D. J. B., box 1711,- Call.
WANTED — Two good coopers .for making
kegs. Apply: JOHN OCHSNER. Sacramecto.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. MCDONALD _ PERRY. 241 3d.
SAILORS wanted. For a square deal go to
LANE'S, 504 Davis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Solicitor. - Call a* 1322 Pacific st.
.between 8 and 10 a. m. .
YOUNG man to do janitor work -for his tul-
¦¦¦*, tlon. S..F. Barber College, 741A Howard st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
. • Australia. HERMAN'S,' 26 . Steuart st
PENSION atty., E. A. BulIIs. room 40, Phelan
'.big. Past Com. Geo. H.' Thomas Post, .G.A.R.
500 MEN ' to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c <up; soling 20c up. 02:$ Howard st.. nr. 5th.
.WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
j ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; fre«
. 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 FlUmore et
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 16C0; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see: them at Occidental Horse Exchange. . 246
.Third st WM.-Q. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of hones for sale at 'Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, '327 Sixth st. ;' also- buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
. .11 a.- m. , JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses — The - famous Searchlight and
"Orace- Thoborn cheap. . Inquire ORMSBY.
'. 20 : Montgomery st- ¦•'. .'
FOR sale, Santa- Rosa.Salesyard — Just* arrived,
several - fine road and business horses, new
: buggies and harness. 1499 Market, ccr. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary- College— Fourth' ses-
' - 1 slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M.L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds j of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
,. etc... cheap. ,; EG AN & SON., 2U7 Mission at.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons', buckboard,* sur-
rey,harness,work.drlvlng horses. 15th_Valend4.
AN ''A** No." -1 ': express j. wagon; ' single : * also light
-camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
.... ,.' HALLS \TO,- LET.. -/ :
FOR rent— TeutonlaHalV 1332 Howard st. bet
Oth : and 10th. ¦: f or^ a ; term ot * years ; barroom,
/"large and 'small halls and all fixtures connect.
. ed; therewith.'- For* particulars address F.
I -.:.* HAGEMANN.t Albany t Brewery.'; 409 Eighth.
BUSIKESS CHAXCES- — Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB... ;.......... 850 Market st
A — Hotel of 28 rooms; 41 T>eds; 70 steady
boarders; place clears $450 monthly; • good
bar room trade; price $4000. • ? • Bakery In
good country, town. ' $55. • • • IJutcher shop on
Mission st; good location; horse and wagon,
icehouse, etc., $S50. • • • Branch' bakery on
• Sth st; good opportunity; owner cannot at-
tend ; price $300. • • • Saloon with 14 rooms
upstairs; doing good business; price $1800;
investigate. * • • For particulars call on JO-
SEPH STRAUB, 850 Market st
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash; plain work; no experience required; $15
week; steady place. BROWN, 1221 Market
FOR sale — An established delicatessen store in
Hayes Valley; $30 a day Income; rent $25; 3
rooms and kitchen In rear; good business for
man and wife. Call at 645 McAllister st,
between 11 and 1. * -
WANTED — Sober, reliable man, with $150 to
Invest in a paying business that will clear
• $70 per month; no experience required; light
work and short hours. Apply at 1016 Market
¦ et, room 10. ¦
CIGAR stand— Will buy a good paying cigar
stand for cash: must stand Investigation.
H. JANSEN. 1161% Mission st t
FOR SALE — First-class cigar stand; good lo-
cation; business part of city; no agents. Box
1629. Call office. . "¦
FOR Sale-^A fine barber outfit. Including 2
French plate mirrors, 4x2; price $30, . 828
San Pablo ave.. Oakland. *-
RESTAURANT for sale: living rooms complete;
no trlflers. 136 Second st. -
GOOD inside routs on morning paper for. sale.
204 Leavenworth st - ' - ¦
RESTAURANT for sale, 310 Third et. ; good
location; reason for selling, leaving the State.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY house on monthly payments. ___
100 rooms; elegant; modern: investlgate.$2e,000
«5 rooms; corner; a bargain 7,000
40 rooms; central; clears $250 3,500
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms 1,700
25 rooms; rent $30; income $S5; only.. 225
9 rooms; corner; very good " .375
7 rooms ; snap ; Geary st 200
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
Rms. 7-S, 5Kl6 Market St.. cor. Ellis, upstairs.
$550 — 8 ROOMS; downtown: clears $60; $200
cash, bal. monthly. RETSLOFF. 906 Market.
Business is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low interest
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market Bt. (upstairs).
I Office near Call building.
Our telephone^ — Black 1-8-0-3
Correspondence solicited.
List your house with us by telephone.
All houses for sale on our installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house; new furniture $1800
36 rms.; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men........ 6000
60 rooms: offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $65; terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man bouse; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money leaned at 1 r^r cent
Hotels, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL _ CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL _ HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$858
20 rooms; sunny; good renter..... 950
8 rooms: sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
______________
1026 MARKET ST.
9 rooms; rent $40; must, sell $525
15 rooms; $500 cash, bal. $10 month... 950
30 rooms, sunny corner; clears $100. . . 2550
20 rooms; must sell (new): see it..... 1400
120 rooms (new); clears $325; swell 5450
100 rooms; rent $2 per room C800
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
860 Market 6t — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 2SL
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A, CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If yon have hotels, rooming-houses or. business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned, 1% per cent
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered in lodging-houses dur-
ing the present week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. - :
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th & 6th. sts.
Buyers, notice above announcement and
call at his office before you buy a house.
APARTMENT house, 27 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished; rent $125; going East; sacrifice for
$2600. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
LODGING house, 19 rooms; transient; clearing
$185 per month ; price $1500; easy terms. MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery St., room 4.
85 ROOMS; rent $C5; lease; good corner house ;*
tenants mostly workingmen; house clears $123
a rr.onth; furniture mixed; house must be sold
on account of other business. For particulars
address box 1724. Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON Sf CO., 105 Ellis st, room 10
(Glascow block).
LODGING-HOUSE on Turk st, 9 rooms; rent
$45; price $500. F. DE FREITAS & SIMS.
413 Kearny st u
$90 PUTS you in possession of a house clear-
tng $20 per month. Inquire at 842 Howard.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Surf., 8 p. m.; 50- 10S4 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. meium;
life reader: . medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter S2. 1164 O'Farrell Et.: EH1< car.
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow nlKht. 8 o'clock; only friends admit-
ted. 10S4 Bush st; $1. Phone Larkin 4133.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th st. nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve., 25c; readings daily.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak. circle Tuesday and
Friday. S p. m. ; Wed.. 2 p.m.; reading daily.
Mrs. Eeal, spiritual ar.d bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Markst.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1G01: seance Sunday and Thura.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: teat to all to-night: 103.
CLAIRVOYAJfTS. „___
MME. E. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bide.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
lescYiption of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4500.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE— The great reader of
human destiny; the first registered clairvoy-
ant and palmist ever In San Francisco; ex-
traordinary clairvoyant power,, combined with
his superior knowledge of occult forces and
the science of/palmlstry. enables him to read
human destiny with unerring accuracy. 127
Ellis st. *_ ¦ -
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, '$1; full life,
$5; rend lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket ft., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Pert ect satisfaction ' guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for- pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles 50c,
gents >1 : palm, and clalr. sit. SI 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sepa-
rated, finds treas. 1016 Market, parlors S-9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to crave. What
I tell" comes true; Bend dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
11ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth St.*
A — Mrs. Mel vlll, ' wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth: German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant' and * high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50; readings dally. - 132 Sixth st
MME. ODF-LU, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately: L. -25c; G. W)c. 521% Eddy:
MRS. JENNIE REYNOLDS, life reader, lato
of Los Angeles, le now at 1 008 H Market st.
MME. AUGUST.- clairvoyant" reader, palmis-
• try;, truth or no pay.. 20'^ Kearny, \ room 2.
25c — SPECIAL, one week. PROF. MILES,
clairvoyant palmist, 1010 Mission " nr. 6th.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th/
6AN FRAJfCISCO CALI*.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets: open
cntil 12 o'clock ex-ery night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«£9 McAllister ctreet ; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
• 22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tmtil 0 p. m.
:06 Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
JC96 Valencia street: open until 9 P- xa-
Nortbwcct corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 nilmore street ; open until ft p. m. • '
MEBT1XG SOT1CBS. .....
A
"vEUXEBDAY) EVENING at 6:45 JZJf
o'clock. Third degree. By order of / V '
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge. No. 44. F. _~"
and A. M.— Seated meeting THIS ¦•*
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 8 XX
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. /V'
CROCKETT Lodse No. 139, F. and A. Si
M d. 2 at • p. m. Stated meet-
Ing at 8 o'clock. By order of the TvJT
\V7 M. H. FORTREIDE. Sec. /TT >
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A
A M. — Stated meeting THIS _#\_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 %j£
o- clock. H. J. OWENS. Sec. *tT T
TEMPLAR Lodee No. 17. I. O.
O F.. will initiate three candl- ~2£T3S&=
dates THIS EVENING. Members "^^W^
will please aprear at 8 p. m.
sharp. Visiting brothers are cordially in-
vited to attend. E. J. LLOYD. N. G.
O. HOFFMAN. Rec. Sec.
SPARTAN Lodge. No. 125, I. O.
O F — The decree team of Pa- 5*YJ35sSi?
cine Lodce will confer the Sec- -s^a^ff-
ond Decree at the meeting held '"*
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING. May 7.
Visitors cordially F »« M _ rNHO _ Dfc N . G .
T. C LEARY, Eec^
NATIONAL UNION. Call- n- <^>-rt J FJ!7 r^\_
fcrr.ia Council, meets TO- 5: <i_j__^^>
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall,
EfSeVhWS). 8 °vSmng <l ?riend. cordially In-
vited. By^order KINGS _ ORD> presioent .
C H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary. __
THE regular monthly meeting of
the Servian-Montenegrin L. and nva
B. Society will be held WED- --TrTTgr ...
NEED AY EVENING, May t. at R^Ty__a
7 :30 sharp, at 1*09 Market gt. f^CTjf^S
Final report of the Cemetery LW»J_b5S
Committee will be brought up. WffiWffi
All members and officers are re- VRfcayjfjjir
quested to attend. By order of Vjgj-rfiJ'
JOHN KUKAVIZA. Pres.
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Sec^
THE Associated Veterans of the Mexi- AJ/A
can War — Annual meeting at hall, ?«<3h-%
on THURSDAY. May 8. Palo Alto — S^
day. V.*M. L. DUNCAN. Sec
THE British and American tTnion — The regu-
lar monthly open meeting of the British and
American Union will be held 111 the Acad-
emy of Sciences. 819 Market st, WED-
NESDAY EVENING. Kay 7, at 8 o'clock.
H. B. U. Consul General COURTENAY
BENNETT will give an address — subject,
"Cecil Rhodes." Admission free.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from H. L. Clark, in the
Gold Point mine, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings In the dam of the
Golden Needle mine in Dry Creek, and from
M P Beever, in the Castello mine, at
Brownsville. Yuba County, to deposit tailings
lu Dry Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 94. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. on May 19. 1902, at 1:30
p. m^ : •¦.-. '
STOCKHOLDERS MEETING— A meeting of
the rtockhoider-i of the United Crude Oil
CcTnp&ny will be held at the office of the
<:n— .pany, 418 Parrott building. In the city
end county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, May 13. 1902. at 12
o'clock noon for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
'
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
€13: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections.
etc: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's: call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick:quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yre.
G. \T. HOWE. 850 Market rt., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market sf
L~e. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket ft: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sat le or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st and 305 Market Et
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
cases, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1M6 Market st..bet.8th&9th.
ROEISON'S BIRD STORE — — —
335 and 337 Kearny st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOOKS— XEWAXU OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1148 Market; teL Howard 1946.
BOOKS, new and old. bought, sold and ex-
changed. W. L. PAXSOX. 22 Seventh et
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^4275TSALOON. with hall. In first-class lo-
catlon. on San ilateo electric R. R. ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 % Kearny st
A — $G50; CORNER saloon, on Folsom Et;'rent
$25; good paying business; value in eight;
large transient custom. Call R. G. WILKE.
-<i\i Kearny st
A— $1250; HAMMAM, Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest Improve-
ments; first-class location. See R. G.
WILKE. 2t!% Kearny gt ..
A — $25C0; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
building; a good business; dally receipts
about $75. or owner will take honest man
for partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— $400; CORNER saloon on Montgomery St.;
rent $25; owner must sell at once, as family
affairs call him East R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A— $350; SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$42 Co; place is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying business ; only reason
for sale partners bought hotel in .the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; HARDWARE, cutlery and ¦' tool
store doing a large business; location first
class; rent low; stock will invoice the price,
or party willing to take stock. Call U. G.
WILKE. U6\j Kearny st. ¦
A— S550; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
store; no better location in this city: living
rooms; a good-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. SC'/i Kearny st. V"".- ;"
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
St.; established for years and known as first-
class paying propsitlon; rent $175; return
rent $99; Investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st
A — $150; PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady young man satisfied with $15 to $20 a
week; no previous experience required; short
hours:. 25 Geary St., room L
A — $300; PARTNER wanted in established bus-
iness; $18 to $25 a week; too much work for
one; no night or Sunday work; duties light
and easily learned; trial given before buying.
2S Geary st, room 1.
FIRST-CLASS country hotel: must be sold on
account of rlckness; price $2500; - average
monthly business $1150; this is a chance for
1 or 2 hotel men; half cash and half to euit;
full investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBRIDE _ CO.'S 765
Market et. : V
WK have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants
laundries, ealoons, notels, cigar stands and
many otber business chanoes for sale; also
city and country real estate for " sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR, 713 Market st. room 406.
$9?Q0 — A good opportunity to obtain a half
interest in a manufacturing plant including
a half interest !n the realty; location cen-
tral; convenient to S. P. R. R.; see owner
by calling en J. ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery.
A. — $250 — Saloon city front; clears $100
month; bargain to-day. STRAND, 209
Kearny st
A — 30 CIGAR stands; prices. $75 to $2000; rents
$6 to $125 monthly; profits, $2 to $7 dally
HEDGES. 461-4C2 Parrott bldg., 825 Market
$250 WILL buy best fitted up, well established
end centrally located real estate office in the
city; fine opportunity. Box frtO, Call office.
FOR sale — Light manufacturing plant, build-
ing, boiler and engine; ground lease $50 per
annum. Box 807. Call office.
FOR sale^ — A saloon with good etock of liquors;
lunch served daily. Call at once, 521 Market
¦ALOON for rale. 112 Berry st.'!
WANTED — Cigar stand in good location; 'only
owners reply. Address box 1512, .Call office.
FOR sale — An evening paper route, centrally
located. Box 332, Call office.
CABUPETjBSATING iPJ^d^j^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3e yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market,bet.Sth_9th;tel.Howard 2013.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM - CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;'
tel. East 725. -A.' Q. KLEINERT. Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
¦ vatlng Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74. -'¦'
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No cftarge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
. COTTAGES TO LET. 1 : "
MENLO (Fair Oaks)— New CotUge, 7- rooms.
. bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 7H Geary.
l^O^TA^^S— SUBUaBAK-^'OXF,T._
MF.NLO . (Fair . Oaks) new cottage ; 7 > rooms,
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON, 78,
Geary st ¦ " . " -¦-*¦¦ • ,
$12 — COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 9 Priest st; off
Washington, bet Jonea and Leavenworth.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-;
derful secret, painless method; 20 -ears' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7 ' Flood bldg. ; extractions done %>aln-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 56
up; office hours, i) a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D. P. S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled, operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S.". proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fllUngs. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st. — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st —
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. a
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses v a
specialty. 7S "Rausch st. bet. 7th and 8tlf.
EDUCATIONAL^
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. - - . -
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they ali get positions and hold them?
! 84 positions In March. 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Bus.
•College. 1236 Market st. -
A — GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 13S2 Market st, on or about May 1. 1902.
HEALITS SCHOOL. OF MINES, .24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day. and night; catalogue free
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the . university. , law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — $50; life scholarship at AYRES' Business
College, 723 Market st, pays for combined,
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
writers; positions secured; catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
-ave., 8. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine, 433.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typmg, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe's Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab'd 1871 -.ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 1484 Market
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; Individual in-
struction; Pitman system;$5 mo. 1217 Folsom.,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery St.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good i
teacher. . 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class. 1
BARKER'S Academy, 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free."
¦ ELEVATOHS^ v^^ '
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
priced. J.E.Upphoff.5C5 Mission; tel.Joha 3856.
EMPLOYMENT
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-ChineseTEmp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. .Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help. .
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best, help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce^ — Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlcg, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 850L
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY,— CO.. 040 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main G1S8.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
A NURSE girl with good references; city or
country. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A SWEDISH woman with a child: first-class
cook and housekeeper. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child; good cook and hpuse-
" keeper; reference.. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
• ter gt. . - ,-.¦• ...
AN experienced American .woman : desires
work by the day; thoroughly competent:
¦will do most aftiything; strong and willing;
good worker. 305 Minna St., up 2 flights of
stairs, room 6. " - ,
TWO young Swedish girls wish a place together
in a private family; one for cook and one for
second' work; wages $25 and $20. Call at 5
Vaspar place, between Second and Third sts.,
- off Harrison. ' . • ' : , '
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, .wishes position as housekeeper or cook
¦ for men. .Call 63 to 76 Ellis st, room" 131,
between 1 and -4 p. m. '.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to
cook for 2 or 3 men on ranch. Call Branch
Office, 100 Eleventh Et.'box A. ._
EXPERIENCED stenographer j wishes work
" for half the day, mornings or afternoons; or
to-do ¦ -work by the - piece; best references;
: . salary reasonable. Address box -933, Call. ,
A-^JCOMPETENT young woman , desires I a po-
sition as second girl or> housekeeper. Ad-
dress 1133 ; Guerrero st., near Twenty-fourth.
MIDDLE-AGED American ." woman desires
cooking and light housework.' Please ¦ call
'. at 130 Second st, near Mission. - . :.
YOUNG woman wishes work by day washing
\ or housecleaning. ' Call MRS. H., 534 Sec-
' . : ond st. • .- •'",.' -
LADY wishes sewing and mending to " do at
home. "150 Fourth st, room 7, first floor. ,
WOMAN wants work by I the day or, half day ;
> quick and neat , 111% . Minna st; room, 4. >.
GERMAN -girl wishes position; V general* housk-'
,. work. 730 Vermont st. , . near " 20th." - v f ¦ :> \ .
COMPETTENT nurse "wishes -full charge of an
' Infant ;- no objection to going to the country
for the summer with the : fa mlly ; can ' give
best of city references.^. Address 1128 Pine st.1
DRESSMAKER' would .like engagements-^ out'
by day; good fit guaranteed. "Address. D*615
. Larkin st."-' - ¦ > :-.l:~- : *:j- :¦:-¦•¦:.;'• :. -A. .;..,'
•WANTED — Work -by ' experienced :'; dressmaker
Immediately. Address box 1637. ' Call ' office.',
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do general
. . housework. 1005 Wisconsin, bet ; 24th & 25th."
YOUNG
", tlon.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
i'OUNG colored woman would like . a place as
cook or second girl; can ¦ furnish '.good .city
reference's.' Address MISS DORA BLALOCK.
2125 Lombard st. v ; : .¦•¦ . -. .¦ * -.'*%. ¦¦'.-
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 «0 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; frea
_. bus and baggage to and from ferry. .¦¦¦-. .¦¦¦¦
WANT ads and subscriptions taken _ for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAlUster st.
EMPLOYMENT WAiVTEP — MALE.
ENGLISH butler and wife wish Inside family
work; nice people; wish situations. See J. F.
CROSETT _ CO., 334 Sutter st. ¦
ROUGH carpenter,, general workman, wants
work: well recommended; city or country.
Call or address Carpenter, 1648 Mission st., in
. the rear. . ¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦"¦'..-
YOUNG German wishes position as driver on
delivery wagon or as coachman and work
around the house. Box 1636, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist and mill-
wright, tool and die maker, expert- on en-
B gines, pumps, hydraulic . machinery- and
¦ presses, daughtsman - and ,-. patternmaker. ±1.
R. and stat. • engineer, first-class references,
wants suitable position. E. B., box 1609, Call.
COMPETENT, reliable man wiehes ( a position;
I understands thoroughly care of fine blood
horses, milk care garden: careful driver or
take charge "of stable; first-class references.
¦ Address T. S.; 259 Shipley st.
W ANTED — Work as bookkeeper or assistant
cashier, dlerk, business manager, expert ac-
countant Aor - otherwise; electric execution,
strenuous \ Imperturbable. N. R. G., box
-.1011, .Call office.. '
MAN and wife (young English); man", expe-
rienced coachman, milk, et*; wife first-class
cook; city or country; $50 up; references.
. Box 035, Call office. . ' ' ¦:.¦
WANTED— Position by an experienced sales-
. man; can handle any line clothing or. furn-
ishings preferred.- Address Salesman, box
1738. Call office. ¦ ¦¦ .'--.;
A YOUNG ip.an having practical knowledge of
electrical' engineering wants situation with
electric light or power company; wages no
object. Address A. Z.. box 1544, Call office.
MAN and wife want situations; wffe first-clas3
American cook, man useful about place or
store". Box 1631, -Call office. . ¦ "
YOUNG : man 19 desires position In office; 2
years' experience; can : operate type-writer.
: Box 1627. Call office. , ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements : and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
"¦¦' ¦' ¦¦ : ,.'*'IH(A«t!IAL. V -.-'..
COMPANIES . incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
Investigate our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date " financial paper;
we have always . opportunities for investors
to come in on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
. Bt; established; 1892. • .
WOULD like to borrow $1750 on good security.
Box 943. Call office.
' FLATS . TO LET. _J
BEAUTIFUL new flats. Just finished; 5 and
6 rooms; all modern Improvements, gas
and electric lighted; Mission warm belt;
corner Noe and Elizabeth sts. ; the MIs-
slon and 24th" Bt. cars pass the door.
PACIFIC ave., 2922— Elegant eunny, modern
upper flat; 8 rooms and bath; beautiful ma-
rine i view; rent reasonable. SPECK & CO.
$12 — 4-ROOM flat; gas, cellar, water and ash
man free. "20 Sumner st, off Howard, near
Eighth st. " ' ;
OAK, 427% — Upper flat, 6 rooma; 'modern im-
provements. . :
ELEGANT new sunny upper flat; 10 . rooms
and bath. 870 Eddy St., near Van Ness ave.
$20 — SUNNY 6-room and bath flat 9 Page
-st. 'off Market.
$15— FLAT of 13 rooms. 27 Broadway.
FLAT of 7 rooms. 250 Shipley st; $12 per
month. . • • v ¦ ¦
LIBERTY, 221— Flat of 5 large rooms and
bath, gaa; modern Improvements.
MODERN flat,* 6 rooms, bath; yard; 'basement;
reasonable. - 1933 O'Farrell st. . ¦ " -
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, ¦•" bath; all modern; large
, back yard :'. fine basement Owner, 2134 Pine..
FLATS : TO'. -LET- — FURNISHED. ,
FLAT of '4 rooms;' bath; gas; Mission warm
belt. Address R., 1096 Valencia st. -¦- ;. ¦
FURNITURE FOR. SALE.
FURNITURE cheap, also piano; must sell
Thursday; going East; call morning. 1508%
..;•¦ Howard st - - ¦ , ' - ¦ •
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
\ FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
:, ? reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner b'.g.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
¦ GLOVES. ¦¦ Tr
SPECIAL sale Danicheff glove, own make at
90c 121 Grant ave. - :
__J_g^P WANTED — FEMALE. x
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.'. . .429 Bush st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
, 2 head waitresses, city hotels. $.30
Waitress, Santa Cruz County.. '$20
• Waitress, Bakersfleld ...". $25
Waitress, Uklah, fare paid..;." $20
I Waitress, short distance. ; .$25
50 waitresses,' city, ; country. ."¦ resort, hotels
............... ,' . ...:....'.".......... $20 * $.10
Chambermaid, city ..............'. ;'- ~.%Yi bo
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook, $25; second girl, American fam-
ily, Oakland, $25;, housegirl, Martinez, ' $20;
.housegirl, Mt. - View, ¦ nice place, see party-
here, $20; cook, Redwood City, $.10; second
girl, city, $25. and any girl or woman looking
for a position In this department at going
wages call and see us, and if you ¦ can't se-
cure a place at once to suit you register with
us and we will try and please you..;
C..R. HANSEN & CO. ...420 Bush St.
'-•'¦¦: (Opposite California Hotel.) . .
WANTED— North-German nurse, 2 ' children
3-7 years of age, $25; 2 other nurses, $20;
first-class parlor maid and waitress, $30,
country; second girl and seamstress, short
distance, $30; 4 German or Scandinavian sec-
ond girls, $25; laundress, $30; 3 cooks, small
country hotels, $30; 3 waitresses, summer re-
sorts, $25; 3 waitresses, restaurant, ' $7;
' 6 chambermaids, wait- one meal, city, $20:
governess, $20; 44 girls to do cooking,- plain
wash, also general housework, $20, • $25, $30,
vfHnd country. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
-.___?•___ Sutter st. ,
THREE waitresses, . first-class hotel, near city.
$25 and found. MRS. M. E..DAY, 335 Geary.
25 WAITRESSES. , first-class springs - and re-
f°rts, city and commercial hotels.? $25 and
•$20. MR3. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary St.
W ,°MAX cook for hotel,, short '. distance, $35.
MRS. M. E.DAY..............335 Geary gt.
A COOK and second girl, same house, family
1 °£. tw °. $•"<> and $25; 6 second ffirls; $25 and
$-0; 2 cooks, $35 and $30;, women' for house-
work, no cooking,; $20; laundress, . $.H0; . wait-
ers, S25; cook for Santa Cruz. . $35. MRS
_NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A NEAT woman,- ¦ with some experience . in
; nursing, to act as '-'housekeeper in a small
State institution, $30 and found. Apply to-
day - between -"1 and 2 p. m/ to MURRAY &
.READY. 634-C3(J gay st V ; ¦...;). ¦
¦¦ ¦ • * ~ .-"¦•¦ ./ -¦ ¦ • . - ¦
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. TO LEARX
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS : WE TEACH
-YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY~\\ r ORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI BTRAUSS *_' CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.-
FIRST-CLASS finisher 1 - on- coats. ROSEN-
7 BLUM & ABRAHAM, Odd Fellows' building,
-V 1103 Market st - '¦ . - :
BRIGH^,. self-reliant* woman with fair educa-
* . tion; . employment refined and > remunerative.
Box 1740, Call offlce.y. ..;;:-. >y. ,-- .¦'-¦- ; ¦ ¦'.•
.WANTED-— A competent ¦ woman ;• to do general
, :: housework ; In ¦ private ¦ family." Address box
. 941,: Call office. - J - . .
WANTED — Middle-aged , or elderly { woman' to
. assist, -in .'.light r housework;;.-- good home;
_wages '• $10 ; to $12. 'Apply. 1649 Post ; st." - ; ,<
WANTED— Girl '• for housework ; "¦ no ' washing.
' -;; 117 >. Clipper --- st.,'C- between ¦ Twenty-fifth *¦ a*id
.'Twenty-sixth. ; • '¦¦ .> i .-.-,.. ' .
.WANTED — First-class -< finisher,/ on pants;
- k steady/ work. • ¦ 104 > Kearny. st.':- ~ s •, ;,¦
¦WANTED-HBody 7 ironer at 1 the '. French Laun-
.j.. dry.; Company; 3372 ; Mission . st • ,\
WANTED — A"- young Jf girl " - ; who * understands
.: sewing, i for. dressmaking. "'700 Sutter St., >; ¦
WANTED— GirlV for ".' housework. ' 3037 ' ; Wash-
"¦: ington ° t . l^f>?tf_ySiffii5TCTB'" : .''.,', '•;•? :-.'»-
GIRL'for light" housework;-good.home; ¦ small
'¦-., family. f- 623 Haight.Et', ' ' ; -* .'-¦'•,-
WANTED—A ; girl • to help In :; dining-room ! at
_E 615 ¦ st.'___________N__B__l _i
r HELP . WAJl1T_D--FEMALE--Con>
GIRLS • ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
/ FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WOP.X.
: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 82% FREMONT
" BT.; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Strong girl -for general housework.
, 2712 Folsom st. ,' -
HANDS wai.ted on ladies' ovexskirts to take
.work home. ; 656 j Mission st, third floor. -
OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts to work In
factory; good pay. 656 Mission st, 3d floor.
EXPERIENCED, operators on ladies' under-
* wear. 656 Mirslon st. third floor. , '
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' over
skirts; good pay.. 650 Mission st. "third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
good ¦ pay. 656 Mission > st., third floor.
EXPERIENCED . ironer. 656 Mission st,
third floor. . '
WANTED— Girl to work In shooting gallery.
' Apply restaurant,. 523. Pacific st.
WANTED— First-class waitress ; . - wages $8.
Breuss Cafe," 70 Third ¦ st - I . i"
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats. 364% Third
¦"street-. '. .. ¦¦/ •-; -.--. * ' -- . .....
MANGLE girl wanted to-morrow morning at
Electric Laundry, 837 Folsom st '"
WANTED — A first-class skirt hand. Apply at
782 Geary Et ,.'• . . > • ' . . . ' ¦"." '
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
• learning. 121 Post st, room 49. • - '
A GOOD vest hand wanted. ..Apply 13 Mason
. St., room O.Tgj
WANTED — Chorus girls at once. Room 26, 26
O'Farrell st: / ¦ ¦>.,'-;.¦ ¦ -'
WANTED — Amateur talent; apply at once.
Room, 26. 26 O'Farrell st '-.. , , : ¦"
A* GIRL to assist with housework; 3 In family.
1316 Fulton st. ¦-¦¦""-. ¦ ¦'
VW ANTED — An experienced tailoress. Please
i call at 455 Eighth st, "Oakland. .
WANTED-^5 girls to learn halrdressing. manl-
' curing, massage and hair work; only 'i weeks
" required: bring ad; costs only $3 50: 3 poil-
. tions waiting; private customers assure $30
to $76 ¦ per ¦ month ; day and evening class.
; College. 233 Geary st.. roonn 13-15.
WANTED— Experienced |ady canvassers - ot
good address to represent local company; re-
. fined and remunerative" employment. Call
during this week on E. I. MOGER, 431 Par-
1 rott building. - - . .;, . -V. • ¦¦¦•-."¦_
WANTED— Good German cook; references re-
g quired. Call between 9 and 10:30 or 6 to 6,
1S40 Pine Bt.H cor. Franklin.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners paid while, learning. C^.
W. REYNOLDS. 597 Mission st. cor. 2d.
PANTS finishers; 75c a pair; steady work. 853
Howard St.. bet 4th and 5th, over handball
COUrt. ¦'.--•. ¦¦¦¦:-:.
Halrdressing. massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College.l24G
Market rm. 04: splendid position; day, eve.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at^HALE BROS'.
WOMAN to cook In. private boarding-house."
4122 Twenty-fourth st. near Castro, 1 to 4.
EXPERIENCED operator on gent's custom
and stock shirts. Rogerson's. 535 Valencia Et.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted on custom
coats. ~, 34% Moss 8f '¦-•¦"< : .
2 EXPERIENCED girls for cooking, second
work and sewing; good wages. 1180 O Farrell.
WAITRESS wanted— Hours 11 a. m.toSp. m.;
good pay. - Popple's Restaurant, 631 Clay, st.
WANTED — A "good tailoress on fine coats. 929
Filbert Bt. . ,. . * . -..
GIRLS wanted — Sewing and making bags.
GULF BAG CO.. .700-711 Front st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
GIRL for light housework; small family: wages
$10. 710 Capp st. ¦¦-. - ¦ ' -
A GIRL to help around kitchen and wait at
table. Apply 2030 17th st, cor. Vermont.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st. -
WANTED — Experienced Fhlrtmakera. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 533 Market st. - - ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements" and
subscriptions has ' been established at 1096
x Valencia st. . ¦ ¦ ¦
" HEL1' WAA'fKD— MALE.
X MURRAY _ READY ..Phone Main 5843
Leading -Employment and Labor Agents.
.Office Open 7 a. ro
Nevada To-day Free
STATE OF . NEVADA
Carload of teamsters Nevada. ...Free fare
Carload of laborers Nevada Free fare
600 rockmen ... .150 drillers. ..... .Nevada
Wages $2 25. $2 50 and. $3 day Free fare
...... SANTTAFE. CO.'S OWN WORK.......
50 laborers, extra and section gangs, $1 i5
day, free fare, ship daily.
77.......... FACTORY WORK
5 sack sewers for a large factory, $2 30 day;
4 truckers for- a large factory. $2 day; 3
laborers to do trucking, $00; 10 laborers, no.
experience, factory near clt^; 5 boys, city
factory; fireman, city factory, steady job,
S2 25 day; young man, some knowledge elec-
tricity, city factory, $2 25 day; 5 men make
wire beds, city factory, steady work.
- ; MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Blacksmith, ranch, 75c fare.... $50 and found
Blacksmith's helper, country shop $o2
8 blacksmiths, shops and ranches. ..........
. if" i .$2 50 and ¦ $3 day
Woodworker, country shop ...» $3 day
Bench hand, planing mill, S3 day; 4 carpen-
ters $3 day; 6 rough carpenters. $2 50 day.
... ./MISCELLANEOUS
Cant hook man, ?2 25 day; leather worker.
city job;, 6 stablemen and buggy washers and
hostlers, $30 to $60; farmer and wife " 90c
' fare $40 and found; man and wife, private
¦ place country, $40 and found; 5 section
" hands *' S ¦ P. Ca's work; 150 laborers and
¦ teamsters, city and country. $1 75 to $2 50
' fff-^.^W^ILL^^D WOODS.........
150 laborers, no experience necessary, mills,
yards and • woods, different lumber com-
panies, $30 and $35 and found; cut-off . saw-
yer, shingle mill; 3 snipers, $57 50 and
found;. a shingle packers.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
..V .....HAY FIELDS. ETC.
\ BO* men ¦* to ¦ work in hay . fields, $30 to $40 and
found; 5 men to rAn mowers, <¦ etc. ; 10 scraper
teamsters, large ranch, $30 and found; 36
farmers, orchard and vineyard hands, $26
to $30 and found; 40 milkers, dairies all parts
of • State, . $30, $35 and $40 and found ; 7
cheese and , butter . makers, ' $35 and $40 and
found; 9 choremen and boys. $25, $20 and $15.
... . . . . HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS . . . . . . .
Cook, -small hotel, Arizona, $50, fare -paid;
»' 15 cooks., different places, $.t0- to - $50 and
• found; second and third bakers and helpers,
,,$40, t $35 and $25; 2 butchers; dishwasher,
.'. ranch, $25 ¦ and found; ¦> 15 "dishwashers and
kitchen ,' hands, $20 and"$25; 2 bedmakers,
$30; 8 waiters, boat; $25; porters; 5 waiters.
MURRAY & READY, .. 034-036 Clay st.
JOBBING blacksmith, ' $2 25 to' $2 50 v day;
; wagon maker, $3 to $4 day; 2 car repairers,
-'$2 2-5' day; carpenter, for city. . $3 50 -day;
. carpenter/, for- country. ", $3 50 -day; bench
; hand," -.country ¦mill,*- S3 -day; edgerman, $3
' day; boy for paint shop,' $4 -week; 10 laborers,
" , for mill and woods, $30 and found, "* fare ad-
.-'vanced; 5 laborers for ¦ mill, $35 and board ;
/ 4 lumber pliers, $G0;> 5 laborers for mine, $2
'day; 3 drillers, $2 25 day, .free fare; -3 coal
•"minerB, $2 50©2 75 day and others. J. F."
.CROSETT& CO., C28 Sacramento st.
GERMAN \ or Scandinavian coachman, ' $35;" 5
.¦ farmers and wives, $40 and j $50 | and found
i 5 •: milkers. ; $30:" 2 . milkers, same | place, [ $35
' and found ; . milker, $35. fare paid ; driver for
milk wagon,: 50; gardener, $30. and found;
. choreman -fcr, ranch, $25 and found; 3 labor-
- ers.for ranch, $25 and found; and others. J.
.F. CROSETTJ— CO.; 02S Sacramento st.
NIGHT"' cook - and waiter, country .. hotel, $35
.and found; '2 restaurant cooks, f$40 'and
found and $70; hotel waiter, country, $25 and
' t found ; " bakers'-' 1 helpers, porters, dishwashers,
. elevater boys and others. . J. F. CROSETT _ •
. CO.; 628 Sacramento st. - j
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
¦ '59 Third st.,' near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405. I
. .-; . . : ... RAILROAD LABORERS . ;" : . .-.T. V,
....FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.... '
. 100 teamsters, Nevada.: .'.$2 to $2 25 per day
'25 rock drillers, :. laborers. . ...."..: .\$2 25 day
. 50 concrete men ..... V :..'. .'..V. .$2 25 day
;.FOR SAWMILL AND LUMBER WOODS. .
50 sawmill ; hands and ..woodsmen. $30 : to-. $65
per month "and -board, po experience -neces-
sary,' steady; work ; i lumber pliers, : yard men,"
',' '¦ railroad * hands. ,: swampers,-- fellers, •. crosscut-
-¦ ters, hook- tenders, ; etc. " .'.........'
. Fare". Advanced — ...':..". ..'.r.:'. — Ship To-day
2 doggers, mountain mill.". ..... $2 80 per day
2 hook tenders,; mountain mlll_.$2 80 per' day
; ¦ • •Board for above, i $15 per montn. ;. .
10 lumber pliers: . . ... . . v .$2 to $2 25 per day
. - Teamsters and • laborers, . jcity ; . .': .'.-.-; . . $2 day
-•• Camp waiter.;.. /¦..'..".......:. '.$20 per month
"¦' 4 milkers,' 25 cows ."..'. $30 and $35 per month
v Cooks welters and dish washers, city. ;;;.'.. r
'V " v^. • -CAL.* EMP.'AGENCY; 50 Third st i.
: ANDRE'S • Office. ; 316 Stockton St.— Cook "for
city;restaurant.r$CO;- eook,*$70; 2 restaurant
¦' "waiters, $40;- waiter." plain hotel, $25 ; : knife-
cleaner, hotel," $25; dishwasher, $30; potwash- :
" er,' ' country j hotel;! dishwasher,': small j place,
•$15;young man around small boarding-house,
¦,'$15; buggy. washer; assistant butler, $25; por-
¦'ter for;city;hotel,i$25; elevator. boy, $15; etc.
A*^ MAN , to s work 5 in ' a' factory,' $20. ''¦• Apply / to
". ; MRS..; NORTON,^. 313; Sutter, st;-r, : •
! BUSHELMAN X for \ repairing { shop.' .' Call , "early
1 '";' ready; for; work. ; : 118 ; Montgomery . ave.
HOUSES TO LET..
A PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Fine 8-room house, with bath and larsa
basement: 11S1 Oak st. near Devlsadero;
rent $27 50; by CHAS. QUAST, 4W Pine st;
key at 1183. next door. '
COTTAGE six rooms; 0 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. App.y
10 Ewer place. . . " " ' '
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner st.
near El Ha. ______
$35— A SNAP; 10 new sunny rooms- In flrst-
ciass order. 1449 Devlsadero at.* cor. Geary.
HOUSES TO SHEP.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house. 1»
Beulah st, near the park. ______
. MYPXOTISM. :
PROF. GOLDBERG, phrenologist, hypnotist;
guarantees teach these sciences in 4 lessons.
$20; past, future revealed $1. 0 Powell, rm. 8.
. 1XVEST31EXTS. : -..
THE Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st.
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AND IJ*OU?II>.
LOST— Gold watch, engraved "Roale." at-
tached to beetle clasp; good reward. Return
to 41 Rltch st _____
LOST — Gold watch with double chain, also
locket, on Claremont ave., bet. Summer and
Telegraph avea. Reward at 104 Claremont
LOST — The blue rosary beads. Reward if re-
turned to 752% Harrison st. ________
$5 REWARD— Lost, gold headed umbrella,
name Ida, on Oakland ferry Sunday morning.
Return to cigar store. 32 Turk st *> 12
LOST— A gold nugget bracelet, between Cali-
fornia Theater and Post st. : $10 reward. Re-
turn 201 Shotwell st, near Sixteenth:
LEFT in Columbia Theater last Saturday
. night pair- of pearl-mounted opera-glasses; <,
$15 reward for return to 2718 Sacramento.
, ___ , ¦
LOST — Fox terrier; license 613; answers name
of "Tip": reward. 37D Fulton st
LOST— 2 bunches of keys. Return to 1S37 Fill-
more st; reward. '
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs oid
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES ASP PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421. *
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F.- Hotter. 712 Mission : tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on femala complaints:
menstrual, female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief to alt
ceses taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstlnat*
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. Dr. G. W. CDON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 8th.
"DRUGS cannot do It"; Inclose 75c In atamp«
to Kinney Medicine Co.; Los Angeles, for a
bottle of famous "K. R. K. R-." Kinney »
Rheumatic and Kidney Remedy, a. pure dlstil-
! lation from the buds and berries of. our for-
est trees — pines, firs, etc. ; not j the balsam^
but the essence; grave troubles^ — rheumatism,
sciatica and urinary dleorders — are relieved
at once. • ¦ j
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladles*
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home la
confinement; hours 9 to S and 7 to 8. Re-
mcved to 1008% Market st, opposite 8th st.
MRS. D WYETH— Well-known ladles' special-
¦ 1st. 30 years' experience. remov<»d to 1008 V-t
Market St.. opp. 5th; hours 9 to S and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET, e06 Guerrero, nr. 18th, a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 23 yrs.'
experience in midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement: best motherly
care; infants adopted; confinements, $15; rm.
&board $5 week; all who are sick or in trouble
consult me before going elsew're. TeLBlue-tll.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERfl
original method of treatment Moved from
122S to 1126 Market st ¦
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles* reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital: home for Infants free;
fee low. 90U Market st.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and durtnc
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADJES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fsfla;
, ( . price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay A Kearay.
DR. ROSEN, 1007% Market st. nr. Sixth."
treats ladies only; relief in all cases taken.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St. opposite
Union Fquare: all dlsea3ea cured by herhg.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stoc_; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Ths
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co..' 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250, will sell If taken at once for $10O cash;
bust 38. Box 1728. Call office. ' -
SECOND-HAND bollersTSngines. pifmps, dyna-
. mos. water pipe and belting. H. S. WHITE.
130 Beale st
WANTED — To sell good collection of postage 1
- stamps, containing rare Australians and other I
. British colonials. G. FELIX. 418 Sutter st. '
A — $3 50 Derby an<1 Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, SCO Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery »U
FOR sale — Good stove; cheap. Box 942 Call
Office. .
FOR sale — A fresh Durham cow; second c__»
122 Farallon st.. Ocean View.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
™ ¦
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Badgalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-haa<l
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
SAFES^ — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boiler*
.go to D.J.McMa3tera,SE. cor. 2nd — Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post si
MISCELLAXSOCS WAKT9.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gent*"
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlca. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. Box 4960. Call of flee.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
, theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jeasla 2881.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sixe«_any
condition. FarnsworthElcctrlcalWk-^iaTnrk.
' jioXBT TO LOAJT. __ \ '. >
K— R McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery et, room J.
• Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. ¦ , " _
On second mortgage*. , tJ
On third mortgages. . _._
On -undivided interests 1 In real estat*, .
On estates in probate. -, -_ ,. i{
On legacies.
; NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
', B. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery «t , room &
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner biz
...*...... $4,500, 000 at Lowest Rates *
.......On First and Second Mortgages..... «
'........On Life' Interests la Estates ....
.......Property Being Held In Trust „
.....Undivided Interests. In Real Estate. ...„
Life Insurance Policies; Estate* In Probat*.
Financial Problems of all sorts and size*.
'..."... IF YOU NEED MONEY ,
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc..). •
$30o,00U at 5 V, and 0 per cent lnju_ns to suit;
' City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securittas. MANHATTAN LOAN
. CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
second and third mortgages," estates in pro-
- > bate, interest In estates. legacies, undivided
. Interests', securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms in.
. 1st floor. Chronicle big. GKORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY. to loan In euros to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON. _ CO.. 105 Ellis st. room 10 (Glasgow
block). <¦''*'¦ * ' .
Lean Office. 103 Grant tT*., star
• Geary »t ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY 1 respectable private place to ObUla
"-liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest ¦**. rates. - Baldwin : Jewelry ¦ Store, . 81*
Market at; tel. Main 164*. Branch 19 Thlr_Continued on Page Twelve.
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Stock - * 24 73 @ 25 Z*'- Preferred.
$60<g60 50; 4 per cent bonds. $90 50S92 and
: Interest; subscriptions; $101 S7%@102 12ft.
STOCK AND BOITD EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May 6—8 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. •".' I-
• Bid. Ask. I , "• .. -Rid A*!r
; 4s qr coup...lll%H2 Us qr c (new)137s;i38tk
4 3 qr reg....lll%H2 Us qr coup 'l0S«il09U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. 92% — * Oc SS Co 5s BS ! inn
Bay CPC 5s.lO8 10S*i Omnibus £ ! - -
Cal-st 6s.... 119 — p ac G Im 4s. 97% "-,-
C ? st^ I s - • 110^ — Pk & c H 6S.107 lTo
f* 1 JV. & T?« 6a ~ — Pk*OR6a.ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — , —
S e %1a St K^- ~ ~~ Sac EGR 5s.l02%103
H C&S 5%s.— — SF & SJV53.120%121U
LALCo6s.l03 105 (19C9) 113^11331
Do,gtd 6s. — — (loio) -....imS —
Do gtd 5s. — 1031.4 S P of C to •- ,
L " p £ S -J°j* — <19C5)Sr A.10«m07
Do lcm 5S.102& — (lf»05)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6«. -~ (1006) —110%
Do lcm 5a. — 121« (1912).. — v4u,
N R of C 6g.li2 — ¦ S P of C 1st '? %
Do 03 120%12I c *ntd 5s — ' ' .L
5 £ aC , £ p 9lO0V * 110^ Do stmpd;iO9% —
N IVof C 5s. 114% — SPBr Cal 6s. — 138«
Oak Gas 6s — 113% S V Wat 6a. — m
°^? r ? k 8124 V Do 4s 2dm.lO2% —
« 0 ?*' ~~ 115 Do 4a 3dm.l01% —
Oak W G 5s. — 104 Stkn G*E6s.lO2 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% 77 (Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co.... 59 — JSprins Val.. 91% dl^
GAS AND ELECTRIC. *
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light. .. 45 _
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 35V. 4O
Mutual ..... 4 4$ S F G & E 4S% 44U
O G L-& H.. 62% 65 S F G L Co. 5U -*
Pac G Im.. 39 41 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.260 270
BANKS.
. Amer B & T.110 — First NationI — - — ¦
Anglo-Cal ..90 91 L P & A 16SU -_
Bank of Cal.428 — Mer Ex (liq) 24 —
Cal Safe Dp.120 122% S F Nationl.140 —
;? SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....1990 — S&v & Loan. — no
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.340 390
ifF^avuT.-sg **?;'*£&»>, "
. STREET RAILROADS.
California . .170 ISO 1 Market .... .100 — .
Geary .. — CO (Presidio 33
POWDER.
Giant 79 79%;vigorlt ..... 3 —
SUGAR.
Hana -. Z% 4%'Kilauea — 914
Hawaiian .: — 40 iMakawetl ... 23 Ziv.
Honokaa ... 10% 11% Onomea: 24% 28
Hutchlnson . 13 . — IPaauhau ... u' 12 Vi
MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska Pack.l61%lG2 Pac A F A 2M —
Cal Fruit As — 102% Pac C Borx*165 —
Cal Wine As.101% — Par Paint... 28 27%
Oceanic S Co 30, 35 ~\*
/^ Morning Session. -
Board — - -
20 Alaska Packers* Association, b 3 182 0O
-.50 California Fruit Canners 10^ 00
/25 Giant Powder Coik ....*" 79 25
20 Hutchinson S P. Co 13 00
250 Pacific Gas Imp/ s 90. 39 CO
50 Pacific Gas Imp 40 00
- 25 Pacific Gas Imp....... * 30 50"
200 S F Gas & Electric Co... 44 iv)
50 S V Water ;..[ 9? j£
$2000 S F & S.J Valley Bonds "r>n «tu
•- .Street— .: . ¦' ; . * 8< *»
$5C00 Los Angeles Ry 5 p. c. Bonds... 119 00
$3000 Market-st Ry 1st Con 5 p. C....121 00
Afternoon Session."
. Board —
110 Alaska Packers' Association.... 162 00
10 California Fruit Canners'.......io2 00
85 Hutchlnson H P Co 13 00"
6 S F Gas & Electric Co * * 44 23
5 S F Gas & Electric Co..... *" - 44 no
$2000 S P of Arizona (1010) '.'.'.tU 87%
100 California Wine Association.... 101 25
$4000 Los Angeles Ry 5 p. c. Bonds 119 00 -
$4000 Market-st R R Con 5 p. c? Bds 121 0O
$7000 S V 6 per cent Bonds, 3 10. „ .110 75
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1902.
11
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany,- Con.— A dividend. No. 41, of sevanty-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-4-6. (Hayward building. San Francisco, on
May 10. 1002. Transfer books close May 3,
1002. at noon. J. R. LEAVELL. Secretary.
. : MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Andrew Ross, 26,- Haywards. and Zoe ' A.
Cottle. 26, Haywards.
William W. Scott, 40, 430 Ellis street, and
Sophia K. Morrln, 26, 42 Oak street.
Vernon G. .Young, 30, 504 O'Farrell street,
and Lola E. Fried, 30, 963 Post street
Jose P. Dias, 40. 114 Pacific street, and
Anna O. Dias. 23,. 114 Pacific street
• Eugene G.' Severance, 39, Los Angeles, and
Grace Pearce, 29, Los Angeles.
Sven M. Olson, 41, 616 Third street, and
Margarethe Lande, 38, 51(i Third street.
Christian A. Rasmussen. 28, 159 Tenth
street, and Mathilda Knapp, 18, 912% Natoma.
Adolph F. Gerlach, 24, Emeryville, and
Annie L. Anderson, 28, 803 Filbert street.
Ferdinand B. Spieler. 25, city, and Anna M.
Kast 22, city. . . . -
William H. Gride, - 26. - 72 Willow avenue,
and Mabel C: Layman, 23, 132 Fourth street.
Luigl Butorl. 25, city, and Filomena Glgll.
23, city.
Thomaa F. Riley, 30, Palermo, and Stella
McCallen, 18, Westcliffe, Cal.
Henry Y. Kobayashl. 26, 532 Pine street,
and Nao Russ. 18, 4 Bush-street place.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
HILTON— In this city, "May 5, 1902, to the
I wife of H. B. Hilton, a daughter.
HOWARD— In this city, May 4, 1902. to the
wife of George H. Howard, a daughter.
MYERS— Tn this city, May 1, 1902, to the wife
of C. L. Myers, a daughter.
SMILEY— In this city, April. 27. 1902, to the
wife of J. W. N. Smiley, a son.
SMITH— In San Rafael, April 18. 1902, to the
wife of W. A. Smith, a daughter.
• MARRIED. ~~
JACOB — JACOB— In this city. April SO 1902
b 7. Rabbl IsI <iore Myers, Joseph Jacob and
Helen Jacob..
KOHN— STERN— In this city. May 4, 1902 by
Rabbi Isidore Myers, Alois Kohn and Celia
Stern, both of San Franclaco.
~~ DIED. "
Abrams, Adolph J. Isaacson, Bessie
Barrowman, Fannie Lett. Anton
Ber;:, Sadie Lockren, Anna
Berirand, Adele Lorenzen. Henry
Blller, Clarence A. Lunn, Mary
. Campbell, Gordon Mosher Ella. M.
Cocmes, James E. *"Neff, Mabel V
Damkroeger, Dr. H. O'Neill, Ellen N.
Dorn, George Reynolds, Alice M.
Eldred (infant) Rosenwasser, Elaine
.Falkensteln. Gustave Ryan. Elizabeth- J.
Farrell, Louise K. Schacht. George
Garland. Richard Stahl, August C. L.
. Hagen, Adelbaide Perfetto, Almo
. Haro, John AVentworth. Rebecca
Henry, Jeanne A. White, John S.
ABRAMS-^In this city, May 4. 1902, Adolph
J., beloved husband of Margaret Ann Ab-
rams, son of the late Henry and Rlcka Ab-
rams, father of Harry Abrams, and brother
of Max and Morris Abrams, Mrs. Annie
Lemos and Mrs. Ray Levin, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 47 years. A mem-
ber 'of Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W. ;
Court Sutro Heights No. 136, F. of A., and
the Elks of Portland, Or.
. E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at y o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, .405
Powell -street, near Post, thence to St
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue .and
O'Farrell street, for services, commencing at
9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriages.
BARROWMAN— In this .city. May 5, 1902,
I Fannie Elizabeth Barrowman. dearly beloved
wife of James Barrowman, and beloved sis-
ter of Mrs.- John Byron, Mrs. John Johnson,
Mrs. Charles Bower and Joseph R. and Sam-
uel R. Morrison, a native of San Francisco.
D^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1035 Noe street, . between Twenty-
- third and Twenty-fourth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BERC3 — In this city, May 6, 1002, Sadie, be-
loved wife or Charles F. Berg, and sister of
James F. ftnd Thomas J. Dixon and Mrs.
F. L. Gadsby, a native of San Francisco.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
BERTRAND— In this city. May 6. 1902. Adele
Bertrand, beloved mother of Adolph de Bon-
net, a native of Belgium,' aged 78- years 4
months and 11 days. j
.E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
¦ May 8, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first
Interment 7 Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BILLER— In this city, at his residence. 323
Grove street, near Franklin. May 6. 1902,
Clarence Augustus, beloved son of John and
Sophie L. Blller. and brother of Adelaide L.
Blller. t. native of Stockton, Cal., aged 19
years 1 month and 27 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the First
Baptist Church, Eddy street, between Jonas
and Leavenworth streets. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
CAMPBELL— In Oakland, at the Home of the
Adult Blind, May 6. 1002. Gordon Campbell.
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 81
years and 5 days.
COOMES— In this city. May 5, 1902, James
E-, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth R
Coomes, a native of Kentucky, aged 7a years
1 month and 23 days.
tC"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
j dence, 740 Baker screet. thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for the repes* of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
.Cross Cemetery. .:
DAMKROEGER— In this city. May" 6, 1902.
Dr. Henry Damkroeger, beloved- husband of
Henrietta Damkroeger, and son of Gottlieb
and the late Annie- M. Damkroes-er. a na-
tive lof San Francis 2O, azed 3t> years U
months and 20 davo. r
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at Grace
Methodist Church, corner Capp and Twenty-
first street Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. -j
MEMBERS of Nlantlc Parlor No. 105. N. S.
G. W-i are notified to attend the funeral of
our deceased brother," Dr. Damkroeger at
Methodist Episcopal Church. Twenty-first
and Capp street, Thursday afternoon, at 2
O'clock. W. H. HERMAN, President
J.- F. TWOMEY. Secretary.
DORN — In the City and County Hospital, May
5, 190l\ George Dorn. a native of Germany,
. -a^ed 51 years. .
ELDRED — In the City' and County Hospital.
May 6, 1002, Infant son.of Rolland and Mary
j Eldred. a native of California, aged 2 days.
FALKENSTEIN— In this city, May 6 1902 '
Gustave A. Falkensteln. beloved husband of
Betty Falkenstein, father of Alex and Isaac
-Falkensteln and Mrs. Joseph Hoffman a
native of Germany, aged 72 years.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
May 8. at 10 o'clock, from his late residence'
1 1522% Ellis street. Cremation strictly pri-
vate. By special request please omit flowers.'
FARRELL— In Haywards. May 5, 1002, Louise
K. Farrell. beloved wife of the late James
H. Farrell, mother of Myrtle. Charles Edna
Ruth, Louise, Pearl and Sarah Farrell and
sleter of Herrman and Charles Metzler Mrs
Matthias.; Mrs. F. McGowan. Mrs Van
Rown and Mrs. Terry, a native of San
'Francisco, aged 42 years II months and 5
days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
. day, at 2-o'clock, from his late residence.
Interment I-one Tree Cemetery.
GARLAND— In this city, May 4, 1902. Rich-
ard Garland, a ¦ native of Cock Hill, County
•Antrim, Ireland, aged 55 years.
ff^Remains at the parlors- of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.,.7C7 Mission street.
HAGEN— In this city. May 4, 1902, Adelhaide
bsloved wife of the late Robert Hagen, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 71 yeara 9 months
and 24 days. " • : _ .¦ -
EyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funer.al services to-day— (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 1801"
Jones street, corner Vallejo. Interment pri-
vate. . '
HARO— In this city. May 4. 1902, at his resi-
. dence, 45 Zoe street, John Haro, a native of
..Finland, aged 4S years 10 months and 28
days. V'
HENRY — In West N Berkeley, May 6, 1902
Jeanne Alice, beloved wlfe-of Ira M. Henry.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
-(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
.-- .20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
"•¦ • - v ¦ -¦. ' Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet; Cemetery,
NEAREST* THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367. '
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
fc'amuel iicFadden, IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
' McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C CCon-*
; nor. & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission St.. between Seventh
¦•ami Eighth. Telephone South 44.
flWlTC?lJNlSraTAS?H"s l i
I Z7 and 39 Firth St. Tel. South w «
¦ rUNERAL DIRECTORS ANJ> EMBALMERS.fi
£ nncst ;. Equipment^at Moderate R&tcs. \
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEt, and solar flats, 525-5^Turk^Hot' and
scold water -baths, electric lights free;.fur-
nished or unfur. ; tel. East 312, Sutter 41. ...
BELL (The). 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20. ¦-.
BUSH, 1001, cor. i Jones — Van Nuys ; modern
' furn. and unf urn. suites ; new house ; hot and
cold water; -baths; electric lights; first-class.
BDDY,'U8— Sunny 2 rooms for man and wife;
light housekeeping; cheap; gas; running wa-
- ter.- - : ¦• ; •¦ ..
EDDY, 724 -(middle flat)— Fine front room,
newly and well furnished; sun all day;- hot
and cold water, bath, phone; with 2 other
well-furnished rooms, all complete for house,
keeping; every convenience; see them; sult-
able for 2 or. 4 adults; reasonable. &3":!
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3, $12;
3, $20; 2 beds; also bath; single. $4 up. ,.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— $11; 3 large,
sunny unfurnished rooms; nice yard and
water. , - . . •
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622—2 sunny front
rooms; bay window;. gas range; bath. •
HOWARD. 1063 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished rooms; range; running water; $0.
JACKSON, 020, near Mason — Furnished large
Sunny front housekeeping room; $10 month.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Nicely furnished sun-
ny housekeeping rooms for rent. '
MCALLISTER, 907 — 3 sunny furnished bay-
window rooms; bath; gas; coal stove;' $20;
German. ...
OAK, 117 — Extra fine sunny suite, $16;. suite,
" $8; single, $5, $7; all complete for housek'pg.'
OCTA VIA, 1403, corner Geary — Sunny fur-
nished room; folding bed; kitchen; gas stove;
sink; pantry. . . . . ¦ .
POLK, 605 — Two large," clean sunny bay-win-
dow rooms; gas stove, running water; rea-
sonable^^ , --.
SIXTH, iO2% — Newly furnished rooms; also
housekeeping - rooms.
STANYAN, , 1202 — Sunny upper flat, 4 rooms
and bath; furnished or unfurnished.
THIRTEENTH. 18!), cor. Howard — Fine suite
rooms, furnished complete for housekeeping;
gas; rent $15. " . , : - v . .;
TURK, 543 — Sunny : bedroom and kitchen; gas
and bath; $14 50; also front parlor.
VALENCIA, 1232—2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; gas, stove, bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions • has been established at 1096
Valencia. st. ¦¦'.-- .-. !--»»lL;*'.
K'OOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Untnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister-^New, elegant,
¦ sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached. - ¦ •
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $.1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night ' r
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission— Changed
hands; 100' rooms newly renovated: »0u to
$1 CO night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A — EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary —
Sunny rms.; single,- double; mod. conven'ces.
A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; turn, suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles- day
week or month; bath;, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. . 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
-furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ;
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35c;
$1 50 night; $1 W. $6 week: open all night -
ELLIS. 1229— -Sunny room In elegant new flat
• for gentleman.
FOLSOM, .834— Single sunny rooms to let-
> cheap. .
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ui sulte3 and single; travelers accommodated.
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market— Fur-
nlshed room. .$5 per month.
MINNA. e67, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room; $1 per week ; : transient.
MISSION, 959 — Sunny bay window suite new-
ly furnished; other rooms. .
MONTGOMERY, 121— Handsomely furnished
suites; also Blngle rooms, $1 50 week up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 279— Front room, first floor $3
per week; other rooms, $1 50, $2; 25c and 50c.
O'FARRELL. 914— Elegantly : furnished sunny
alcove room; running water; private family,
ONE room, furnished or unfurnished. Apply
¦ 723 Shotwell st. . > • • r
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
- lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week $2
r to $8; month, $8 to $30; -elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BF.VENTH, 171, corner Natoma— Sunny, fur-
nished rooms, double or single, by day week
or month. :
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth 3t..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
"THE WARREN" — Sunny corner house; single
¦ and suites; reasonable. 303. Jessie st, cor.
4th; entrance Jeaale Bt .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
* received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmor^.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
ROOJIS AND HOARD.
THE Co-operators — Nos. 2 and 3, at 645 Folsom
st. and 4 and 6 Vernon Place, are -to be re-
furnished next week. These are nomes for
¦ self-respecting, self-supporting girls with'
' small salaries: terms $2 50 and $•'{ per week
Write or call upon MISS EMMA HANKS, 645
Folsom st. ; phone Red 6123. Miss Flora Bol-
linger, manager. ¦
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hctel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HAIGHT, 326 — Elegantly furnished large rooms
suitable for couples, "With board; reasonable.
IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
suite or single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished EUltes or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished ' sunny
1 EUltes: single rooms: first-class table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and room, at reasonable rates in re-
fined private family by reputable young
lady; will assist in light housework. Box
800. Call office. .
~~ " ROOMS WANTED.
BY- man and wife, 3 small rooms; north of Mar-
ket; cheap. Box 945, Call office. .
*. SPECIAL NOTICES.
B4D tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING ¦
AL.\i kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing:
¦ lowest rates: phone Howard 32C4. 145 Sixth. ¦
STORAGE JiiyD^WAItEHOPSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPIl Storage & Moving CoTTof^
> flee Post and Powell sts. : tel. Priv. Ex. . 671.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; "advances made, 840
I Mission Et; til.. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfusa.
BEKlNS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 3.-S4O; shipping at cut rates.
; PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2330 FiKniore st : rbone Jackson 281.
• - . . " : . ( TO LEASK. ~~
TO lease — Kenilworth Inn; romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride- from
: San Francisco; comnletely furnished; In good
condition: 40 rooms: steam' and hot water
baths; ' electric lights; heaters throughout; j
elevators, etc: rent. low. Apply MADISON!
V &• BURKE, 30 Montgomery -St., -or ROB-
- ERTS. Real Estate ¦ Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GR^ATTbXrGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
j sell better machines for less money than any
i house In the city; rentals $S. The .Typewriter
¦'.Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WKBSTTif .Typewriter Inspection Co.'— Expert
•.typewriter doctors ;estlnaate free. 209 Sanaome.
TYPEWRITING AND MI.MKOGKAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewriting, ; 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
eographlng. 927 Markt.rm. 305; Howard 1530.-
DISSOLUTION OF ; PARTNERSHIP. ;
NOTICE- of ¦ dissolution.— The. co- partnership
v heretofore ¦ existing ' between ¦ the undersigned •
, is this day dissolved" by mutual consent H. :
,; A. .DENHARD withdraws from the' firm and -
• \ E.'V A: .: KOLB takes over ¦ all • the assets . and '
' : - assumes all . the t liabilities . and • will • continue
Ivthe business at the same stand, 417-419 Mont-
'" gomery. ¦• sf. San Francisco, under the firm
l " name .-of THE : KOLB COMPANY. All • ac-
t ¦ counts due ; or • to become ¦ due Kolb ' & ' Den-
,-J hard must be paid to THE KOLB COMPANY
* only. . Dated San . Francisco, April 22. 1002.
MOySV TO LO.vy — Continued.
ON real cttate, 1st or 2nd mortgagee and cn fur-
niture cr pianos; no removal; any amount-
lowest rateg. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 36."
ANY smownt on furniture, pianos; ao removal-
lowest late; private, confidential. ORMSBY*
-6 Montgomery gt. rocra -7, opp. Lick Kou»e!
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture. piar.es; no removal; low rates; conCden.
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
TKE^TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
Cn tarniture. planes; no removal; money quick-
JoxreFt interest; easy terms ; no brokerage- rel
liable party. 1170 Market et.. room 68.-
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Rocrn 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos
furniture, etc.. at 2 perj^rx without removal-
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal-
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister stl
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. 5th fir.
3^- ON furniture & planes; $15 up; no removal
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without e«:urtty.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc., 431 California.-
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan Bums to
cult; Interest low; also eaey payment loans.
ONE per cent cn furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lnocrser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS *5° ne y on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
?!fE£5£ A iiJ? XSTRCMENTS '
'AS we are closing out~tSe~Halfet & Davis
agency on account of the sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet & Davis $350 styles for $165; 200
pianos, 20 different makes to select from;
fome special bargains:
1 Bourne $47
1 Weber , 65
1 Knabe ....„ ] 95
1 Marshall 135
3 Smith & Barnes $135 to 240
2 Stelnway 265 to 385
3 Heine 235 to 385
2 Chickering 195 to 280
5 Organs 15 to 35
Rents, $2; installments, $3. or your owa
term*. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall.
235-237 Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way. of prices
end terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally flne pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
6HERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
ccr. Kearny and Sutter etc.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
•witfcin 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed cn a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
OTarrell et; established 1850.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Cecond-hand organs from $25 up; pew upright
pianos from $175 " up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
6ON.16 to 20 O' Farrell. Chickering. Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
ft.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; beat
renting pianos la city for $3' per month.
ECOTT-CTJRTAZ PIANO CO.. 860 Hayea et
A BARGAIN — Private party must sell at once
elegant walnut case, upright piano, on ac-
count departure for East. 522 Eddy et- •
A— ?700 STEINWAY upright piano, half price
for cash. Call morning. 27 De Long ave.
BCT a Wissner or a Baumeister If you •want a
reliable article. MAUVAUS'. 769 Market st
Corr.peUed sacrifice by private family leaving,
$550; new upright grand piano. S95 Ellis st
6NAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights,
drappefl from catalogue.$250. Brnenn.208Po»t
$170;great sacrifice ;almost new upright Schmiti
& Co.. 16 McAllister st. next Hlberla Bank.
ALMOST new large sire Stelsway upright left
on E&le; bargain. 235 Geary st
BYRON* MAUZY. SCS-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
and ether pianos and pipe organs.
erPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AJfD STORES TO LET.
$700 — VABTs.-j.-x store; stock and fixtures for
sale and to let; rent $25. Apply 853 Fifth st
STORE -with large basement; below Kearny;
alterations to suit tenant 636 Clay, room 1.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Q. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post Bt. corner of Jones; phone Pollc 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist, Cl«
Taylor st.. bet Geary and Post.tel.Black C61.
j^yfERS AJTP DECORATORS.
f IRST-CLAES work: low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAIXE. 640 O. G. ave.: teL Polk 1423.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnant* lor relts to order,
115; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of 'charge; ether cults on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh ana Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms,
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus asd baggage to and from the ferry.
CXLY artistic hair dressing. 25c, any style;
ehfcmpooing. 50c; manicuring, 25c; largest and
best etock 01 switches on the coast G
LEDERER. 123 Stockton tt.
ilAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out:
newest ehirt waists and Jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
efflce, 1021 Market gt, near Sixth.
A— TCHAT fio you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each-
eame as white shirts; selection SOO patterns.
IF any person troubled with asthma, will call
et 133 Turk Et. they will find a remedy that
w.q cure. Full particulars and trial free.
"*" IAV I — Home treatment for mothers and
daughters; booklet free. The VI AVI COM-
PAN\. 2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; tel. East 282.
AT less than cott uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market «t-
MONEY loaned at low Interest; tola, silver.
6^' ?"" "
CO.. 1210-1512 Stockton «t.. new Broadway!
A "r>r f^« U M halr 1 .?? or ? ou ar * bald ' call on
Pr.G.S.Mocre.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 EutterYt
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and mcles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Urs. Eriggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1718 Buchanan; tel. West 253.
I , L S )R A. MA J? E l S Us - * 7 dre «« Pants, $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 2g O'Farrell; country order*.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
«lectric cefedle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll'O Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores erey
hair to its natural cokir: $1; at all drugglsta.
ONE MtNUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
_ ir.stai:t:y; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
WaSQUERADE costumes, piay books, wigs-
oraers. GOLDSTEIN~& CO.. 733 Mkt.
*5>.. LAKOTTE'S FHENCII CORN PAINT, the
r.»«t com c-j-e. 25c: all druggists*.
_ PHYSICIANS AND SURGKOXS.
RVPTURE end piles cured; no pay until cured •
r.o operation, no detention from business; all
rrivate diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
I> ?." lr ",« iIeG REG °R~WILLSON has removed
his office from 1122 Market to 1208 Market
ta.. ccr. Golden Gate ave.
C ?/-;->i C iV »V ojDONNELL-Offlce and residence.
3 02114 Market rt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
; ve. V L *J9Ji^&^^^^^^.
£ AN FRANCiSCoT'cal... MS - y"3TTSo2^5elueJl
proposals in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, j until 11
0 clock a. tn., Wedntsday, June 4* 1902, and 1
ti!;ca o;jened, for furniehliyr, during the first
months of fiscal year, commencing July
1. VM-J, forajre and straw for San Diego
i.arrack.y Cal.; aiso at same time, at this 1 ,
clfice only, for Toragc and straw for Alca- '
traz If land. Fort Baker, Benlcia. Barracks.
1 ort JIascn, Fort McDowell, Presidio of San
¦ J rancisco. San Francisco, and San Fran-
risco. Cal.. for shipment to Honolulu, H T.
Government reserves right 1o reject or ac- '
o«r.t any or all bids in whole or In part
Preference given to articles of American
jiro'uction. conditions ol price and Quality
<!nclu»J!n& in the price of foreign produc-
tions the duty therecn) being equal, andT euch
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coaet, to ex-
tent cf corjumstlon required by the public
«r vice there. All information furnished on
Replication to Quartermaster at San Diego
Barracks or to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining bids to-be indorsed "Proposals for
Forage and Straw." and addressed to said
c,uerter:nE«;tcr. or to D. D. WHEELER. D.
Q. M. General. C. Q. IL • -
REAL ESTATE— -CITY—FOR SALE.
SAN MATEO—" " ¦ " '- ~ ~~~
-¦-•' SAN " AIj!\.?£]O ' "¦"¦¦•-'
san mateo! ¦¦: ; ' iStelfi
... SAN , MATEO.
SAN MATEO.
-. SAN MATEO.. V'.- ' V :; , .; .
.. ¦ SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
-SATURDAY, MAY 10TH
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH*
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
"• SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
. SATURDAY, MAY 10TH.
ipeSsPaP -i SATURDAY. -MAY 10TH
SATURDAY, MAY! lUTlt
SATURDAY. MAY 10T1I.
—EXCURSION—
60 cents — Round Trla — 60 cents
. : ¦ Including lunch at Hotel Mateo.
Trains leave Third and Townsend " at 9
10:30, 11:30 a. m., returning from SanMateo
at 3:27, 4:31.- 5 :2J and 0: 4o p. m.
Have the time of your . "
. lite. Take a day off.
Everything free : alter you
'- reach San Mateo. ' , Conveyances to
. ¦: drive "about and eee the pretty
homes. -Lunch will be- served . under ¦
the trees In the beautiful grounds
of the Hotel Mateo.
1 :o0 p. 1 m.
1:30 p. 91. . ¦'¦'•
• 1:30 p. fa. -- -
97 BEAUTIFUL LOTS J *"'
.' - — in — \;-|. .
San Mateo Park. 1 .'
' The new addition
to the prosperous >
- arid progressive city .
San Mateo. t
Only 10 minutes' walk •
v from the depot. " ¦
• Surrounded by beautiful
homes. Just- subdivided
into villa lots — one acre each.
A portion of the i
. celebrated Clark Tract. - ' -
¦ ' In the ownership of ¦
one family since'
1858.
An ideal place" for • ¦
a home or to make
money in. ¦ . . — . _
Don't fall to •
attend this' sale.
; Buy a lot. .
. only one-third cash.
¦ . . ' - — :: . ¦- ¦ ¦
'¦ Further particulars of '.'
BALDWIN & HOWELL, .
10 Montjjomery gtreet.
JOSEPH STRAUB, Real Estate Agent
850 Market St.: telephone Grant 177
¦ Rents Collected. . "
$3,000— Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath
*->/« on aemen tlna st, near. 6th; lot 20x80*
$3,500— Two cottages on Filbert st. near Fill-
«n^_ mo ? : lot 26:9x120;; two frontages
$35,000— Best opportunity to-day 12 flats and
residence with stable; pays d per cent-
. ' owner must leave on account mckn»««'
$6.000-Two-story house. 6 rooms" batr^ £££
ment, laundry, garden; everything in
.= ,„* good order : lot 25x92; Buchanan sit.
$8,500— Jackson st, near Baker; three modern
.,«a™ flats;" rents $81 50 per month.
$10,000— Bay-window house of 3 modern flats-
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:0x96- on
at .,,~J? cott , Bt - near Geai> y: worth $12,000.
ALAMEDA — Modern bay-window house of 5
rooms, bath, pantry and finished base-
ment; windmill, greenhouse, summer-
house, blrdhouse, etc.; nearly, half an 1
acre of land; convenient to both trains !
and electric road: will be sold on ac
. -count of departure for $4000; part
. cash; excellent neighborhood; Inves-
tigate.
A very flne residence of 12 rooms, bath, pantry
etc.; furniture, stable and outhouse-
windmill; lot 125x230; corner, fronting
on. three streets.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished: lot
126x300; price $2000. *
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
gUBPRBAS REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1: rent $60 per
- month.- J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
TO rent— Furnished . cottage for summer
months. , 1101 Park ave. .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL * ESTATE.
WHY. pay rent, when we will sell you a good
5-room modern house on a large lot near
station for $50 down, balance small month-
ly payments no larger than you now pay for
rent. HOME REALTY CO..
GOOD 4-room cottage; 3000-gal. tank and
good windmill ; lot 35x130; street work done;
lot worth price asked, for place; only one
block from Ashby station; price $1200; terms
same as rent. HOME REALTY CO.,
Lorln Station, Berkeley, Cal.,
Open Sundays. '..'¦ . . .1
A NEW modern high basement cottage of 5
• rooms and bath; pretty, mantel, china closet,
."etc.; large lot: close to station, stores, etc.;
• price $1800; only $50 down, balance same as
." : rent. HOME REALTY CO.
NEW. up-to-date house, of 7 large rooms; gas
and electric fixtures; in flne neighboorhood;
close to station ; street : work all done and
cement sidewalks about house; must be seen
to be fully appreciated; price $2750; easy
terms. HOME REALTY CO.,
Lorln Station, Berkeley. .
Open Sundays. " - ¦¦' ¦
SPECIAL BARGAIN FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
$2500 — Modern,- up-to-date Colonial cottage;
5 spacious rooms, fine reception hall, large
- bath, tinted walla, electric fixtures, laundrv
coal Dins, concrete walks, 'etc.; lot 60x115;
on .wide improved street; convenient to new
' high pchool, station, etc. . :
Don't fall to see this flne home. <
. _ ,H. D. IRWIN.-Lorin Station.
' ' ¦' • ..'" '". ' .*¦ . ";|
YOU should see that lovely home of 6 rooms
and bath in the Daley Scenic Park; such a
splendid, view; laree ' lot :. an . ideal place for
. a poet; only $3200. JOS. ¦ J. . MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station. - . •
COTTAGE— 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc. ; . easy ' payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
- 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FRUIT VAL£ A DVERTISEMENTS
KRUXTVALK REAL ESTATE.
A— W. E. RUDELL, cor. Fruitvale ave and
Washington st. Fruitvale. Cal. " a
$S00 — House, 3 rooms, , high basement- good
. sewef and city water; large barn- lot 30
xlO5;. corner; all fenced; 4 block's from
-station; $100 cash, balance $8 40 per
-.'¦ month. . ' .¦'- , x i
$050 — Cottage, 3 rooms; good well and pumt>-
lot 102x140, with privilege of buying ad-
Joining land; $50 cash, balance $10 80
per month. ¦
$1100 — House, 5 large 1 rooms; lot 45x145- 'all
fenced; $100 cash, balance $12 ' per
month; near Allendale. ;¦
$1200— New • house, 4 rooms, grained in oak •
• lot ' 50x174; city ?water; $200 cash bal-
ance $12 per month. .
$1600 — House, • 5 rooms, and . bath; lot 50x164-
. $21: per month will buy this home- For-
est Park. ' t ?¦ ' ¦ . '¦' ...
$1700 — Modern house, 5 rooms and bath- half
block from ¦ school ; 1 block from' car
line;: 4 blocks* from station; nice bar"
. city wate r: lot 35x124; $200 cash, ball
• ance $1S per month." ; .
$1SOO^-Modern ' cottase of 4 rooms a'nd bath-
all furnished : hlsrh basement; good
•-¦--.' brick foundation; - city water; - bearing
;..; fruit; trees; two chicken-houses; lot 175
; xl50;,all fenced and cross fenced; fine
X place for raising chickens; $300 cash
- balance $18 per, month, which -includes
principal, -Interest and taxes- if vim
. want *a nice home this place will ¦ suit
• : you. ¦- . . • ' • - / . l
rVf-'E. RUDELL. Fruitvale ave. and Wash
lngton St.". Office hours, 8 aV-m to 6n -m
Sundays Included. " ' . - ; '-.: -.'
FOR ; sale-^-5 < acres, ' Rose ¦ ave. and Hleh mt
;-v Fruitvale. ..-A: R.; HARRISON. 7S Geary st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
. • ¦¦• 10 pages, in wrapperfor mailing; $1 per year!
OAKLANI) -ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE; 1118 BROADWAY^;
OAKLAND FURNITURE : FOR ; SALE.
FURNITURE "good and cheap this monthT~iT
.:SCHRI.LHi*S; 4fl« Klevitnth St.." Oakland. '
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE &.'CO.~ '
' ' 638 MARKET ST.
GRAND MARKETrST? CORNER.
$75,000 — Lot 75xl24>feet;\ three frontages; east
of Gough.st; a grand site for a fam-
ily hotel or apartment house; this lot
will double In value In the next few
years.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
Two Blocks From City Hall. . .
?25,000 — Make offer; three houses and 4 flats;
renting for $1872 per annum; on the
north side of street; key lot from Van
.. Ness ave.; 55x120; this is an estate
and the owners are very desirous of
making a quick sale." . -
CHOICE SITE FOR FLATS;
$12,000— North side of Folsom st, near Tenth;
largo lot, -69:6x138 feet; this lot will
hold 14 flats and pay big interest on
tte investment..
$7,500 — Make offer; must be sold to close an
e3tate; north side 'of Folsom st; oppo-
site Columbia Square, between Sixth
apd Seventh sts. ; well-built three-
story building containing .store and
- 4 fl.its; rent $S40 per -annum; lot 25x
75 feet; is alone worth the money.
.- *~> WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$..000— North side of Page st #i near Golden
Gate Park; two modern flats, 5-6 rooms
and bath, renting for $660 per an-
num; lot 25x100 feet
.„ ,~> MISSION FLATS.
$0,500 — 1 modern flats of 4 rooms and bath
each, near Twenty-fourth and Mission
sts.; always rented; pays $720 per an-
num; lot 32:6x117 feet to rear street.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
., .^ DENCE.
$5,500— Sunny up to date, well planned, sub-
stantially built two-stori house of 8
rooms and bath; brick foundation; first
class condition: lot 25x137:6 feet; near
__, ' Golden Gate Park.
« ~« ~ MODERN RESIDENCE.
$5,000— Two-story well-built modern house of
9 rooms and bath; near Duboce Park;
and on the main drive to Golden Gate
, ,. M __ MISSION FLATS. *
$3,500 — Two modern well-built flats of 4-5
rooms and bath; near Fourteenth and
.' , JofS fee"/ rCntS $372 P^ annUm;
MODERN COTTAGES
EASY TERMS^. b . F MUST BE SOLD. ,
$2.800— Tremont «t. near Frederick; 6 rooms
and bath . .' ,
$1,800— Stelner et.. near Filbert; 4 rooms and
bath.
$5,000— Clayton st., near Frederick; 7 rooms
and bath.
lt'^Z?t^ *H near Eco ":.6 rooms and bath.
ff'9S~2 ak st - near La « u na; 5 rooms & bath/
$1.800— Twenty-second st. near Sanchez- 4
rooms. . •
$2150— Twenty-fifth st, near Diamond- 5
rooms and bath - < '
$2.100— Twenty-seventh 'st, near Sanchez; 5
rooms. . "
!? p ££—£r lp !, ne Bt - near Ri^ey; 7 rooms.
$4,250-WaUer .st. near. Scott; 6 rooms and
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st.
SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST
Opp. Kearny, Real Estate Agents
; and Rent Collectors.
$175,000-rCorner within 2 blocks from Market
and Powell sts. ; modern brick build-
ing; stores and 100 rooms; rents
about $900.
$67,500 — Brick building: stores and offices-
•««««_«' iVS 08 . f I? : 2 fronta « e »; rents $576.'
$55,000 — Half block -from Orpheum; one block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
. ' Flood building; stores and lodglng-
* houses. \.. :
$50,000 — ©"Farrell-st. corner, Inside of Larkin-
70x77:6 feet; rents $285; mortraKe
$24,000 can remain.
$45,000 — Second-st. corner, few blocks from
Market st; partly Improved; lot 130
xlOO feet.
$40.000— Corner: vicinity Fillmore and Geary;
rents $290; stores and flats; large lot.
$35,000— McAllister-street corner, 85x98; good
Improvements; rents 5220.
$35,000 — Sansome-st. corner; lot 70x108 ft ;
2 frontages; brick building; rents $257
$30,000-^-Flne business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats; buildings cost $25,000; lot 68-9
x71; rents $2450 per year.
$30,000 — Geary st, near Jones; flne Improve-
ments; rents $170.
$22,500 — North Beach pore corner, 75x110
feet; stores and flats; rents $215
$9,000— Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown' in-
vestment -.
$5,500 — Geary-«t corner; 62 feet frontage;
half of property Improved; a -cheap
" • buy. • :
. RESIDENCES.
$15,000 — Modern Jackson-st residence; twelve
,- , rooms and baths; rents" $100; near
Alta" Plaza. -. .
$7.500— Cozy Page-st. residence, 9 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100; close to Park Pan-
handle. ¦ •'•¦.. . -¦
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
$30,000—137:6x128 feet; NW. cor. Gough St. ;
J marine and panoramic view; choice
residence site.
$5,000—100x100 feet; one block from Golden
Gate Park.
$3,500—75x120 feet; Castro-sf corner; 3
frontages. r ¦
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
"OCEAN VIEW" Is booming; finest car ser-
.vlce every 10 minutes.
You never will secure a suburban home in
sight of Old Ocean" as cheap as now. Cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st. Ocean View.
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro st.. at 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
view; all sunny rooms; terms to suit Apply
on premises.
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro st, at. 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
view; all sunny rooms; terms to suit Apply
on premises. ,
$650— SAN JOSE; cottage. 5 rooms; barn-
must be sold for half its value. J. RUBKL.
1209 Eagle ave., Alameda. "**".
$5000— PACIFIC. Heights: corner lot THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st '
REAL ESTATE — COPKTRY For Sale
SONOMA COUNTY. -~~-~~~
$1650 — 8*4 acres sandy loam land, 4 miles from
. Petaluma; house, barn; well good
water; horse, harness; wagon and farm
stock; 100 cords wood on place; $1000
cash, balance' 7 per cent. (285)
$1800— 10. acres No. 1 land, 7 miles from Peta-
luma, near railroad station, store, school
. ¦ and Postofflce; house, barn, poultry
houses and orchard; in good locality-
•m™ cash ' ba j ance 7 Per cent. (2c«)
$1600 — 8^ acres sandy loam land, 7 miles from
Petaluma on county road; 5-room house
and barn; 10 poultry houses; 175 fruit
trees; near Postofflce and railroad sta-
tion; $800 Cash, balance reasonable
terms. . (287)
¦ ' • CONTRA COSTA COUNTY..
$4150—110 acres hill land adjoins town; 6-1 oom
house in town; lot 50x150; large barn-
15 good cows and well established pay-
- Ing milk route; will rent for $500 per
$24«M30 a acres land. 4' miles from Martfnez;
- 15 acres orchard. (2S21
$3000-^0 acres land, 4 miles from Martinez;
15 acres orchard. ' - (2S3>
$1550— Sj^acres fine land. 4 miles from Mar-
$1500— 154 Z 'acres level fertile land, airfl^T-
- . year-old trees; 1300 choice almonds, 75
?f a nn'r«» t a Ki ricot ' few Bartle tt pears,
%¦ acre table grapes; good 4-rooni
house, barn, well and tank; 2 rriles
from Oakley. . e>7n\
n300 ~M a rtfn r p S fl rH nC i,> y ' 8 ' '"lies from
• j£ a £ lnez : abou t 15 acres tillable; fine
'& rii 5aS: d wood enough to ha } 2 -i?y
$900-4 Acres garden land. % mile from
i2« n i,n5r n i?i ia i, ""v:"*' barns - o«tbuii°
'>."> \. (278) ch «cken h 0Use . faml , v orcnard#
$1900-80 acres foothill land, 3 miles from
Clayton; 4-room house; barn and chick-
1 £n,,i^ U ?«f : flne 8prlng water, pipid to
house; ,{(i acres can be plowed; balance
P a8 n ture "and- fenced and cross-fenced
fronts on county road - e>-m\
$2600-200 acres- hill land.4 miles from Ifar-
Se; ai
_; MISCELLANEOUS FARM LAND "
~.J ? , I 0 ' 00 ?, feet » er acre, 1-3 sugar
- (271) PW P ' ne> ¦ 1 " 8 flr «d -cedar. ¦
... TO EXCHANGE. : \ ';-,,
rfuslresj 1 property in Stent $1650, renting for
?JO per month; want small ranch «9<is\
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO
'• - 820-823 Hayward Building: "
BEAUTIFUL suburban liome about 15 acres
•San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
pa f£ P r p.P ert y; n 'ce 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses
well-cultivated, bearing orchard ; of - finest
semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
• P. MORIARTY. owner. Elmhurst. . . .
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^—
bmall tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, onRancho'
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing' rapidly; location
best for pouitry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati ¦ Co., 302 • California , St., for
..- pamphlets and - information. ;-. . - ..
FARMS, ranches,; city and -suburban- property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
• large and small tracts in Alameda, San Joai
. ., quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list HEALY & CARR, 713 Market, r. 406.
Santa Clara .Valley. San Jose, and Peninsular
properties. - See WOOSTER. . WHITTON ' St
. MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. B. F.; & San "i-
REAL ESTATE — -CITY—FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,. '¦ : ~~~
14 Montgomery it.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION, , ;,
auction!
'¦2i " , ¦ • AUCTION. _
Of Investment, Residence and Unimproved
• Properties. i . ' .
At our salesroom MONDAY, May 12, 1902,
At 12 o'clock noon.
EDWIN B. MASTICK ESTATE.
, Executor's Bale.
Subject to confirmation by the court. ,
Nob. 1 and 2 will be offered to close the
above estate.
No. 1.
J*o. 103 Commercial st., bet Dromra and
Davis; improvements consist of a two-story
brick building; lot 25x59:9.
No. 2.
The following Outside Lands blocks will be
o£ered as an entirety: Nos. 1035, 1036. 1037,
1039. 1109. 1110. 1111. 1112 and portions of
blocks Nos. 1038, 1040. 1108, 1113. ¦ 1114, 1115,
1116.
CHOICE ELLIS-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 1919 Ellis st,, bet. Scott and Devisadero;
a substantial two-story and finished basement
residence of 9 rooms and bath; sunny and de-
eirable: rent $37 50 per month; lot 25x137:6.
BUCHANAN-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1409 Buchanan «t., bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell; improvements consist of cottage of 4
rooms and 2 flats of 3-4 rooms each; rent $3'J
per month: lot 25x90.
GREEN-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 717-719 Green St., bet. Powell and Ma-
son: improvements consist of dwelling of 10
rooms and bath and 2 fiats of 5-6 rooms -and
"bath each; bank mortgage of $3000 at 6 per
cent can remain; lot 46:6x137:6.
LOMBARD-ST. COTTAGE.
No. 1017 Lombard st, bet Leavenworth and
Hyde; cottage of 5 rooms and bath with stable
In rear; lot 21x137:6.
N. D. THATER ESTATE.
Executor Sale.
Subject to confirmation by the court
The following seven pieces of property offered
to close the above 1 estate:
No. 1.
Lot 15, block 2, Lakevlew Tract
No. 2. y
Lot 11. block 26, Lakeview Tract
No. 3.
Part of lot L block 12, Ploche & Robinson
subdivision. . . .
No. 4.
Lots 10, 11 and 12. block 73S. Outside Lands.
No. 5.
Part of lot 59. block 9. Flint Tract Home-
stead Association. •
No. 6.
Two lots, block 19, Market-st. Homestead
Association.
For catalogues and -further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
- 14 Montgomery st
paoposAJLa._
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage-
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, Cal., April 23,
1902. — Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will
be receved at this office until 10 o'clock a.
m., Thursday, May 8, 1902, Pacific standard
time, and then opened, for furnishing Waist
Belts. Woolen Stockings . and Scrubbing
Brushes. Quantities to be subject to 50 per
cent increase if desired by this department
Bids will be opened for the delivery of the
same articles at either the San Francisco,
Boston, Chicago and Philadelphia depots.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the articles to be furnished bid-
dens will carefully examine the standard
samples and specifications, so that proposals
may be eubmitted by them with a full
knowledge of what will be required, as an
¦ absolute compliance with the shandards and
specifications will be insisted upon in the
inspection of the goods. Unguaranteed bids,
and bids- upon samples differing from
Etandards and specifications will under no
circumstances be entertained. Proposals for
less quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids for delivery or lnspuctlon
at other points than those named a>ove will
not be considered. Tarty deliveries are es- '
eentlal. Bidders must state in their pro-
posals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded t? them. The articles
advertised for are the same for which bids
¦will be opened at tne other depots. • Prefer-
ence wil^ be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including In
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture* produced on
the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service
there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or
any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
Indorsed "Proposals No. 3344." and ad-
<*j-eBEed to Major C. P. MILLER, Quarter-
master. U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men-
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary to the erection of an addi-
tion to the Bacon Art Gall-ry and "Library
Building on the grounds of the University
of California at Berkeley, Alameda County
and said bids or proposals will be received
at the office of the secretary of • the Board
of Regents, room 16, South Hall. Berkeley
°? l i' r at r J5f fore 2 o' c! °ck p. m. of th6 16th
of May 1902. And notice is hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of said
building have been made and adopted and
ere placed In the above-named office where
the same may be seen and examined' during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
F- m.. from this dato until the said 12th day
«f May. 1902. No bids or. proposals will bo
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of eaid pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that It said bid or proposal shall be accepted
tho party proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the duty
and obligations in accordance with said rro
poeal. and plans and specifications which
ehall be and are hereby required to be a Dart
of such contract" The right to reject any and
al! bids is hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an ace
entitled, "An act to amend an act entitled
•An act to create and organize the University
.of California," approved March 25. 186S and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof an-
proved March 28. 1S72. relating to the con-
struction of buildings," approved March 3
1897. By order of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings of the Board of Regent* w
- A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretory. * " *
TREASURY. Department, office of General Su
perintendent U. S. Life-savin* Service
Washington. D. C. April 26, 1902— Sealed
proposals will be received at this office until
?. °' clo ££. p " °2- ot Monday, the 26th day of
May, 1902, and then publicly opened for fur-
nishing supplies required for use of the Life>-
»« vl I&.? ei T Ice for , the fiscal year ending June
dO. 1903; the supplies tp be delivered at such
??. in u S In i*"| W Y £ rk CIty « Grand Haven,
Mich., and San Francisco. Cal., as may be
required, and in ihe quanUties named in the
. specifications The supplies needed consist of
beds and bedding, blocks and sheaves cord-
age, crockery, furniture, hardware, lamps,
lanterns, etc.. medicines, etc., paints oils
etc., ship chandlery, stoves, etc.. tool's and
miscellaneous articles, all of which are enu-
merated In the specifications attached to the
form of bid, etc., which may be- obtained
upon application to this office, or to the in-
spector of Life-savin* stations, 17 State st
New York City; superintendent Twelfth Life-
savlnr District Grand Haven. .Mich and
superintendent Thirteenth Life-saving Dis-
trict New Appraisers' stores, San Francisco
Cal. Envelopes containing proposals should
be addressed to the "General Superintendent
U. S. Llfe-eaving Service. Washington, D
C," and marked cn the outside. "Proposal
for Annual Supplies." The right Is reserved
to reject any cr all bids and to waive de-
fects. If deemed for the Interests of the
Government. S. I. KIMBALL. General Su-
perintendent. ¦ ¦ • ¦ "
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., May 6. 1902 —Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will d« received herp
until 11 o'clock a. m.. Friday. June 6 S
and then opened for construction (including
plumbing and electric wiring), at Fort Baker
Cal.. of Officers' Quarters. Barracks Admin'
irtration Building, and for construction (in
eluding plumbing, heating and electric wir
ing) at Fort Miley. Cal.. of Hospital HosrA
tal Steward's Quarters, Bake House and Fuel
Shed. Government reserves right' to reject
or accept any or all bids in whole or in part
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given • to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, -to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice there.. Information furnished on appli-
. cation to D. D. WHEECER, Deputy Quar-
termaster General. Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Army trans-
- port Rosecrans. Office of General Superin-
tendent Army Transport Service, 30- New
. Montgomery st, San Francisco,- Cal., May
3. 1902. — Sealed proposals, In triplicate, for
• the purchase of the Army : transport
Rosecrans will be received in this office until
12 m. June 6, 1802, and then opened. Vessel
to be delivered to successful bidder at San
Francisco, Cal. The , Government reserves
the right to reject any or all proposals. En-
velopes containing proposals should be In-
l dorsed "Proposals for Purchase of Army
"transport Rosecrans," and addressed" to the
General Superintendent Army . Transport
Service. San Francisco. Cal. Particulars as
to Bonds required, and information as to .the
". character of. vessel, etc., furnished on appli-
cation. / ¦ . •
PROPOSALS for. purchase of U. s; army
transport Egbert — Office of General Superin-
• tendent, Anny Transport Service, 30 New
Montgomery et, San Francisco. Cal., May 1
1902: Sealed proposals, in triplicate, for the
purchase of the army transport Egbert will
: b* received in this office until- 12 -m. 'May
- 20, 1902, and then opened: vessel to be de-
livered to successful bidder at - San Fran-
cisco. Cal. : the Government reserves the
right to reject ' any ' or all .proposals;- en- 1
velopes containing proposals should be in-
dorsed, "Proposals for purchase of. - army
transport Egbert" and addressed to the
General Superintendent, Army Transport ser-
vice. San Francisco, Cal, . Particulars as to
. bonds required, and information as to the char-
acter of vessel, etc., furnished on application.
mother of Alice Lucile Henry, and daughter
of John and Helouife Rlsotard. a native of
London, England, aged 28 years and- 6
months.
£7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Cully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday) afternoon, at 2 o'clock.
at "Westminster Church, corner Eighth and
Bristol streets. West Berkeley. Remains wilt
be Dlaced In receiving tomb at Mountain
View Cemetery.
ISAACSON— In this city, May 5, 19C2, Bessie.
¦ beloved wife of John Isaacson, xrfcther o£
Henrietta, Flow, Lee, Sam, Theo and Teddy
Isaacson, beloved daughter of Jacob' and the
late Lizzie Wolf, and sister of Joseph, Abo
and David Wolf. Mrs. Heins and the lat<»
Morris Wolf, a native of California, ascd
38 years. (Chicago. Clifton. Ariz.. Salem.
Or., Ames. Texas, and New Mexico ' papers
please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
May 7. 1902. at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors . of Julius S. Gudeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to Third and Townsend
streets to 11:3© o'clock train.
LEIT — In the City and County Hospital. May
6;- 1902, Anton Leit, a native of Portugal,
ared 52 years. • . :
LOCKREN— In Oakland. M% 5, 1902. Anna,
dearly beloved mother of Charles A.. Mary
J. and the late John C. Lockren. a native of
Ireland, asred 67 years and 20 days.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. May 7. 1902. at 1:30 o'clock, from her
late residence. SOS Peralta street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. A solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
on Friday, May », 1902, at 0 o'clock.
LORENZEN — In this city. May 5. 1902. Henry
-L'orenzen. uncle of Peter and John C. Droge.
a native of Holstein, Germany, aged 72 years
11 months and 25 days. .
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LUNN— In the City and County Hospital. May
6, 1902, Mary Lunn, a native of Ireland, aged.
.42 years.
MOSHER— In this city. May 6. 1902. Ella M.
Mosher, beloved mother of Charles Moaher,
only daughter of Nettle S. and the late EJw.
B., and sister of Walter Lorlng.
E7Remain3 at 113 Powell street. - Notice
of funeral hereafter.
NEFF — In Oakland. May 5. 1902/ Mabel V..
daughter of A. D. and Victoria W. Neff, and
sister of Roy Neff, a native of California,
O'NEILIr— In this city. May 5, 1902. Ellen
Nora, beloved wife of Timothy J. O'Neill,
and sister of R. I. Fitzgerald of San Fran-
cisco and John Fitzsrerald of Grand Ledge,
Mich., a native of Canada, aged 53 years 6
months and 22 days. . • ¦
' C7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8 :30 o'clock, " from her lata
residence, 1404 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. ; where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
¦ of her ¦ soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
.terment Holv Cross Cemetery. .
PERFETTO — In this city, May 6. 1902, Almo.
dearly beloved son of Fred L. and Tlllie Per-
fetto, a native of San Francisco, axed 9
m».ntha and 7 days.
C7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the
residence of his parents. 710& Vallejo street,
between Stockton and Powell. Interment
New Italian Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city. May 5, 1902. Al!c9
M.. beloved daughter of Mrs. Margaret Rey-
nolds and the late James T. Reynolds, and
sister of Mr3. Edward H. Coleman. a native
of New Haven, Conn., aged 22 years 8
months and . 4 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
. dence of her sister. Mrs. Edward H. Cole-
man, 1635 Oak street, thence to St. Agnes
Church. Masonic avenue and Page street,
where a requlam high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at OUSO o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROSENWASSER — Elaine H. Rosenwasaer. In-
fant daughter of Julius and Carrie Rosen-
wasser. aged 3 months and 22 days.
RYAN — In this city. May 5. 1902. Elizabeth
J. Ryan, beloved mother of Belle, Frank B.
and J. S. Ryan, a native of Vermont, aged
65 years., -^r . .
C?" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Wednesday. May 7,
1902. at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 904
Filbert street. •
SCHACHT — In the City and County Hospital.
May 6. 1902. George Schacht, a native of
California, axed 37 years.
STAHL— In this city. May 6. 1902, August C.
L. Stabl, I dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garethe Stahl,. and beloved father of Carl
¦ and Adele Stahl, a native of Meklenburg,
Germany, aged 44 years 4 months and 6
days.
WENTWORTH— In this city. May 6. 1902.
Rebecca, beloved wife of A. A. Wentworth.
- sister of Mrs. Amelia Manderlein, and niece
of Mrs. Hannah Simon, a native of Jamaica,
aged 32 years and 1 month.
WHITE— In. this city, May 6, 1002, John Sam-
uel, beloved husband of Lucy H. White,
and father of William and Florence White
. and John Stanley White of Seattle, a native
of Kentucky, aged 63 years 10 months and
3 days. ¦¦
SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
.HOTHOUSE ROSES. FRESH.
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER DOZ.
SWEET PEAS. 10c PER BUNCH.
311SUTTER ST.
. Phone Grant 197.SAN FRANCISCO, May 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03ljustice .. y ... 04 05
Alta 03 05|Kentuck .\ . . . 01 O2
Andes 03 O5,Lady Wshgtn. — 04
Belcher ....... 08 09 Mexican 61" 62
Best & Belchr 23 24 Occidental ... 11 12
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 180 165
Caledonia .... 42 44, Overman .... 21 22
Challenge Con 16 18 Potosi ....... 23 2-i
Chollar 16 17 j Savage 11 13
Confidence ... 60 62 Scorpion 04
Con Cal & V.160 1 «55 Peg Belcher ..01 03
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 30 31
Con NY — ill Silver Hill 48 52
Crown Point.. 07 OS St Louis .... — 08
Eureka Con . . 18 — ' Syndicate .... — 07
Exchequer... — 01 Union Con.... 30 31
Gould & Curry 16 17jUtah 03 04
Hale & Norcs 20 21 Yellow Jacket 12 13
Julia — 04
CLOSIXG QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
200 Con C&V..1 «2%| 200 Ophir 1 6714
200 Gld & Curry 18 300 Ophir 180
300 Mexican ... 66 300 Savage 12
500 Occidental . 10 200 Union Con.. 32
100 Ophir 1 92Vi 200 Union Con. . 30
200 Ophir 190 200 Utah 04,
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... 43 1350 Ophir 180
100 Ccn C & Va.l CO 80 Ophir 1 75
COO Hale & Norc. 20 1500 Savage 12
400 Mexican 60 200 Union Con... 28
200 Mexican 61 200 Union Con... 29
500 Occidental . .. 11
400 Best & Blchr. 26j 300 Ophir 1 90
600 Caledonia 47 200 PotosI . . 24
100 Con Cal & V..1 60 200 Savage 12
500 Gld & Curry. 18| 600 Sierra Nev 30,
1000 Justice 04! 400 Union Cons... S2
300 Mexican 66! 100 Union Cons... 33
100 Occidental ... ll! 400 Utah O4
Afternoon Session. }
000 Challenge 17 500 Mexican 60
100 Con Cal & V.I 60 600 Potosi 23
200 Gld & Curry.- IT
Morninr Session.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
1 Hanford 85 00
100 Reed Crude / S3
1000 Shamrock «5
7 Shamrock ' 60
200 Sterling (b 90) 1 S2\t,
200 Sterling 1 80
Afternoon Session.
300 Cala-Standard 20
100 Lion ' 06
1000 Occidental of W. Va (b 90) 21
2200 Occidental of W Va 20
500 Petroleum Center 13
50 San Joaquln Oil & Dev (b 00).... 7 60
100 Sterling 1 82%
100 Sterling (s 90) 1 80
Morninjr Session.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS.
Company of Arizona vs. E. 'O. Miller and
the New York Oil Company, on the
ground of lack of jurisdiction.
27EED NOT DESIGNATE
SCHOOLHOUSE SITES
City Attorney Advises That Charter
Provisions for Bond Issue
Are Vague.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
yesterday that it is not necessary to
specify the exact location of sites to be
purchased for school buildings under the
proposed bond issue. Lane holds that the
charter does not contemplate the holding
of a bond election until the necessity for
the public improvement has become man
ifest and if it is not now possible definite
ly to ascertain what property will be
available when bonds may be issued for
the improvement, it is not necessary to
describe definitely the piece of property
which the board desires to obtain.
Lane says further that the charter is
altogether too vague to permit of any
absolute determination of the question.
He advises that the selections of sites be
made definite wherever it is possible to do
so, leaving a narrow margin for conjec
ture or dispute as may be necessitated
by the conditions.
Hot and Cold Air Machine.
Not a josh, but the real thing, at "W. G. Sep
pich's Russ House Antiseptic Barber Shop, 217
Montgomery. It dries the hair and face per
fectly. Cream Foam for easy shaving: without
soap sold here, retail or wholesale. ' •
Leaves Estate to Friends.
The will of Irvine Steuart, the broker
who died at the Hotel Savoy last Sat
urday, was filed for probate .yesterday.
He leaves the bulk of his estate to Miss
Daisy White of Alameda and Frederick
Samuels of this city. The estate is val
ued at $20,000.
Last "Week of the Gilbert Sale.
To-day (Wednesday) ar 9 a. m. twenty
cases of ladies' and men's fine shoes will
be opened and placed "on sale for $1 S5; all
sizes, widths and up-to-date styles. Also
500 pairs of odds and ends, large and
small sizes (on the table), for 90 cents.
These are the balance of the Gilbert
stock, and are worth from $3 50 to $3 a
pair. 224 Kearny street. •
Holt to Be Taken Back.
An order was received yesterday from
the Governor of Indian Territory asking
that Earl Holt, now under arrest by
United States Marshal Shine, be returned
to that Territory for trial for the murder
of James Holland.
Big Harness Sale.
$9 00 will buy a good bugrgy harness. ID
per cent off Wednesday and Saturday.
L«lbold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin street,
opposite City Hall. •
Federal Appeal Is Dismissed.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday dismissed the appeal in
the case of the California Oil and Gas
Julia E. Kamm, a Milliner, Is Asphyxiated by- Gas, and as
There Was No Apparent Reason AVhy She Should
Commit Suicide, Friends Believe Death Was Accidental
YOUNG WOMAN IS FOUND
LIFELESS IN HER BED
Dolores Gonzales de Alsina has filed a
suit for divorce against Andres Alsina on
the ground of desertion. She charges that
'.'Not in the house at 2418 Washington
street. She can board," was the reply.
He then made the remark which caused
his wife to give way to her feelings and
which caused Judge Hunt to put the mat
ter over until next Friday.
Marie M. Leonard is suing John P.
Leonard for divorce for failure to pro
vide, alleging that for the last year he
has not contributed toward her support.
They were married in 1899. r
Attorney Hanlon, counsel for Mrs. Ros
enfeld, asked Max at this juncture if he
expected his wife to clothe and feed her
self and the two children, pay house rent
and servant hire on $65 a month.
"How much are you willing to give your
wife now for her support?" .
"Well, Judge, it will cost me about $35
a month to live. I am willing to give 'her
the rest of the hundred."
"Never mind that," said Judge Hunt.
"Tell me how much it has cost you a
month for living expenses for the last six
months." . - .
"About $180 or $200 a month," was the
reply.
"Do you ever get presents of money?"
"Yes. sir; quite often. But if this thing
comes to my father's ears 1 won't get any
more. The honor of the Rosenfelds^ "
"You say you only g^et $100 a month sal
ary?" asked Judge Hunt.
"Yes, sir; that's all."
AS TO HIS SAI/ARY.
JYoung Rosenfeld then took the stand
on his own behalf. He said that his
wife was extravagant and that he had
frequently to pay $40 or $50 a month over
and above the amount he allowed her.
He said that a year ago last Christmas
his brother's wife called his attention to
a bill run by his wife at the White House.
"It was an awfully big bill," said the
witness; "as much as $80 or $90. ., As the
honor of the Rosenfelds had never been
questioned, I cautioned my wife, and so
did my brother. She told him she had a
right to spend her husband's money' if
she felt like it/'
. "I had $60 and some stamps in my
purse," said Mrs. Rosenfeld yesterday,
"when my husband left our home at 2418
Washington street. He took the money
and the stamps when he left. He allowed
me $57 80 a month to run the house on.
he paying the rent and servant hire. I
did the best I could to make both ends
meet, but failed, sometimes. I never
bought my clothes. His sister did that
for me."
She said Rosenfeld had visited the deal
ers from whom she had been purchasing
her supplies and informed them that she
was not to be given credit, thus placing
her in an embarrassing position.
Mrs. Rosenfeld appeared in court last
Friday and stated thafshe was compelled
to borrow clothes to wear to the court, as
her husband had t given her nothing but
reception clothes, which ¦ she said were
not the proper garments for a woman
in her position to wear. She also said
that while the books of John Rosenfeld
showed that her husband received only
$100 a month, he received presents"
amounting to $150 a month more. When
the case came up yesterday Mrs. Rosen
feld repeated ( her tale. She said that
Louis Rosenfeld, vice president of . the
Rosenfeld corporation, had told her that
this salary arrangement was made to
prevent the other employes of the firm
asking for more- pay and in anticipation
of difficulties • between young Rosenfeld
and herself.
CUT OFF SUPPLIES.
Mrs. Rosenfeld stood rigid for several
minutes, while young Rosenfeld sat ner
vously clasping and unclasping his hands.
The young wife tried to control herself,
but the insult was too much for her to
bear, and she sobbed hysterically. Her
mother and lady friends soothed her and
she finally became quiet, but never for a
moment did she take her eyes from her
husband.
The scene abruptly ended the hearing of
the investigation into the financial affairs
of the Rosenfelds, Judge Hunt continuing
the case until next Friday. Mrs. Rosen
feld will subsist until then on $50,. which
her husband handed over -to- the court
clerk by order of Judge Hunt.
Max Rosenfeld is suing for divorce on
the ground of cruelty.: He is the son of
John Rosenfeld, the wealthy coal mer
chant, and his wife is a niece of Colonel
W. R. Smedberg, the well-known retired
army officer. v ¦ •
A few days after the filing of the suit
for 1 divorce Mrs. Rosenfeld asked the
court for an allowance of $150 a month,
pending the trial of the suit and for $75
to relieve her immediate necessities,
claiming- that she was witnout, provisions
or clothing for, herself, and two children.
"I asked her mother if she -wouldn't
take her . daughter as a boarder just as
she did other people, and she said she
would not. because she was afraid her
good name would be injured."
Max L». Rosenfeld deliberately blacken
ed the character of his wife yesterday in
Judge Hunt's court by making the above
answer to a question put to him by Mrs.
Rosenfeld's counsel. He smiled as he did
so, but hung his head when the accused
woman rose from her seat and cried out
in heart-broken tones:
"Oh, Max! Max! How dare you?- How
could you, Max?" ; ...
ruptly With Hysterical
• Outburst.
Alimony Proceedings End Ab-
Mrs. Rosenfeld Weeps at
Husband's Reflection
on Her Honor. "
HER TEARS FLOW
AT CRUEL WORDS
• Among ' the letters found in her room
was one torn communication from her
cousin, F. L. Riser of Rawlins, Wyo., in
which the writer acknowledged the re
ceipt of $53 from deceased. '
. When. Miss Kamm left the Wells store
on Monday evening at 6 o'clock she was
in the best of spirits. She was deemed to
be an expert milliner, and when she did
not present herself; yesterday morning, as
she had. always been punctual, it was
thought- to be yery strange. ¦ . . .
The .body was removed to the Morgue
and Coroner Leland communicated by tel
egraph with deceased's family. '
»r? a' decorator,, and though they were
leeply attached to each other Miss Kamm
)ften said they could never marry, owing
o Palmer's delicate health. ,
YOUNG WHO WAS
FOUND ASPHYXIATED IN. A
LODGING-HOUSE.
The colored contingent- of cleaners in
the Appraisers' building were overjoyed
yesterday when they were informed by
Customs. Collector- Stratton that their
wages had --been 1 raised » by the Secretary
of the Treasury from $000 per, annum to
5480.; • •¦ ' ¦ ¦'•¦: ' . ¦ • ' ¦- ¦ :.
Janitors' Wages Are Raised.
The will of Horatio J. Reynolds, an old
man, who on April 16; while despondent,'
committed suicide by J cutting his ' throat,
was filed for probate yesterday. -.The .will
is . holographic and ; is dated ' the day ; of
liis death. He leaves', his property, the
¦"alue of which is unknown/ to Jerome A.-
Hughes. Attorney M. I. Sullivan is
named as executor. . .
Reynolds Leaves a Will.
A dams' j Hair Restorer ; promotes growth. . re
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair. 00c *
' The Federal Grand Jury yesterday
found an indictment against Oscar Dun
lap and Thomas Doyle , for stealing $125
¦worth of material from the Mare Island
Navy Yard. "An indictment was also
brought; against John Gavin and. Joseph
Kirk for receiving, concealing and facili
tating the -transportation of smuggled
opium, '<jfflSK{ ' ¦
Federal Indictments.
United States Commissioner Morse yes
terday made his report to United States
District Judge de Haven in the matter of
the ; petition of the • Pacific Coast Com
pany, owner of the Walla Walla, and the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company for lim
itation of liability. The claims for loss of
life are by Lolia Field and Myra Moore
for $50,000 each." Claims for loss of per
sonal property, merchandise and personal
injuries aggregate $10,264 39, making a to
tal to date of $110,264 39. ¦ t
Liability of the Walla Walla.
Elizabeth Boyne of 613 Bryant street is
suSrg for the cancellation of two prom
issory notes, bearing her signature and
made payable to Dennis . Kearney, the
former sand-lot orator and anti-Chinese
agitator. She alleges that the notes are
forgeries.
Mrs. Boyne says that she^ was sum
moned to the Crocker-Woolworth. Bank
on the 3d inst., where demand was made
upon her for the payment of the notes,
one of which is for 5350 and the other for
S1&00. She refused to acknowledge, she al
leges, that she owed Kearney any money
ef that she had ever signed any notes,
end demanded, their cancellation, de
nouncing them as forgeries.' She alleges
further that Kearney has threatened to
sue for their' collection and unless re
strained will cause her great annoyance.
Does Not Owe Money to
Dennis Kearney.
Bryant-Street Woman Says That She
MRS. BOYNE CLAIMS THAT
THE NOTES ABE FORGERIES
A special train under the direction of a Joint
committee of the commercial bodies of San
Francisco, carrying business men only, will
leave Market-st. Ferry at 9:30 p. m., May 8,
via the Santa Fe. Rate of one fare for the
round trip has been made and parties desiring
to join this party should make arrangements
at once. The train will go via the Santa. Fe and
return via' the S. P., thus touching all Impor
tant points in the San Joaquln Valley. Itiner
ary and other information at Santa Fe Ticket
Office, 641 Market st.
Business Men's Excursion.
Customs Collector . Stratton was re
lieved from an embarrassing position yes
terday by the receipt of a letter fromthe
Secretary of the Treasury allowing- bllla
to the amount of $463 15 in favor of Dr. M.
J. White, assistant surgeon of the Federal
quarantine service at this port, for. sub
sistence,'laundry, etc. The bills had been
allowed by Customs Collector . ' Stratton
and had been disallowed . by, thA» Auditor.
This made the Collector personally re
sponsible, for the amount drawn*- for sub
sistence by Dr.. White and he • was about
to collect it from Dr. White by withhold
ing the sums mentioned from the doctor'*
salary. - ,
Collector Stratton Saves Money.
When at the Hutchinson residence she
was visited by a young man named Palm T
The Hutchlnsons learned from her that
her family lived at Lakewood, 111., and
was well to do, and it was also known
that she and her father had . had some
little misunderstanding, but two weeks
ago she telephoned to Mr. Hutchinson's
sister the news that her father had sent
her a conciliatory letter. Indeed, there is
reason to believe that Mr. Kamm sent his
daughter a present of $100.
When the clothing of the deceased .was
examined the sum of $70 was found tied
in a small piece of cloth to her corset. ¦
All her friends, speak of the young
woman as having been of a remarkably
happy disposition, and none can entertain
any other theory than accident to account
for her death. •
FAMILY WELL TO DO.
Clifford Morris and Andrew Donovan
accompanied her back to the house. and
Morris climbed through the transom and
found the lifeless body of the young
woman on the bed. There was no mark
on the body to indicate violence. The
window was closed and the door was fas
tened by a bolt on the inside. Morris
opened the door and admitted Donovan,
who examined the body and K pro
nounced life to ¦ be extinct. The
girl's clothing was found tidily placed
upon a chair and her hat and jacket
carefully - arranged on the bureau. The;
bed-clothing was in perfect arrangement
and there was no sign of a struggle hav
ing taken place or disorder of any kind.
Inquiry developed the fact that Julia
Kamm, though a clever milliner, had^
worked as a servant in the house of . H.
T. Hutchlnson from December last until
March. She was highly esteemed by the
family and was always regarded as. a
merry, laughing young woman and of ex
emplary conduct.
FINDS. LIFELESS BODY.
On Saturday she told Mrs. Metcalf that
she intended going to Oakland to pass
Sunday with friends and that was the
last the landlady saw of her alive.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Metcalf went
out shopping and returned at about 11
o'clock to prepare luncheon,' when she
found there was a strong .odor of gas
throughout the house. After visiting sev
erel rooms, she knocked at the deceased's
door and, not getting a reply, fried to
open it, but was unable to gain admit
tance. Her fears were then aroused and
she hastened to Dr. E. J. Creely's vet
erinary establishment, opposite, to seek
assistance.
Mrs. Metcalf let the room to Miss
Kamm on April 22, but beyond seeing her
at intervals knew little about her lodger.
calf, 515 Golden Gate avenue, yes
terday morning. The single gas jet was
partly turned on. The girl when discov
ered looked as though calmly sleeping.
Death was no doubt due to asphyxiation.
JULIA E. KAMM, a milliner cm
ployed at Wells' v millinery store,
Market street, was found dead in
her bed at the house of Mrs. Met-
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Elizabeth Blackburn from W. H. Black
burn, Thomas J. Atkinson from Alice J.
Atkinson, James W. Cook from Mary
Cook and Samuel Whaley from Rachel
Whaley for desertion, and Emma Osman
from C. H. Osman for failure to provide.
Ludwig Reinertsen, who is being sued
for divorce by Louise Reinertsen, in an
swer to her complaint, filed yesterday,
denies that he has ever treated her cruel
ly. In a cross-complaint he charges his
wife with infidelity, and names William
Paulsen and James Cullen as co-respond
ents. ¦
Mary E. Milnthorpe is suing Arthur
Mllnthorpe for divorce for desertion, and
Minnie Walker has brought suit for di
vorce against Fred Walker on the same
ground. Lulu Mugrage is suing Harry
Mugrage for divorce for failure to pro
vide. Tillie M. . Littlick seeks a divorce
from George C. Littlick for cruelty, 1 " and
Margaret Brown is suing George A.
Brown for divorce for desertion.
J. R. Beckwith, who was married to
Evelyne Beckwith in . October, 1901.
brought a suit for divorce yesterday on
the grounds of cruelty and desertion. He
alleges that she commenced running
around with dissolute people a short time
after marriage, finally leaving him. in
February of this year.
• Albert J. Elliott is suing Martha J. El
liott for divorce for desertion. They were
married in October, 1892.
SAYS WIFE BAN" AROUND.
Alsina abandoned her in 1SD4, five years
after their marriage.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1902
12
hot muffins, hot cakes,
¦ made with Royal Baking
Powder may be freely .
eaten without fear of
indigestion.
¦'^. ¦ '• _- - -.•¦¦'¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. £ _^_^
DOMESTIC
DEPARTMENT.
CURTAINS, PORTIERES,
COMFORTERS and BED SPREADS
VERY LOW PRICES.
500 PAIRS FINE LACE CURTAINS In IRISH POINT
1 RENAISSANCE and COLONIAL NET, WHite, Cream ani
AraWan colors. All with fast lockstitch edge's.
S3.50 Pair
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
50 PAIRS FRINGED TAPESTRY PORTIERES In a
good assortment of colorings, full length and width.
S3.5O Pair
10 CASES SILKOLINE COMFORTERS, full Size and
pure white snowflake filling.
$1.00 Each
4 CASES FULL SIZE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS,
white and colored.
82.50 Each
SPECIAL.
100 PIECES 36-INCH WHITE CURTAIN MUSLIN In
dots, small figures and lace stripes.
10c Yard
50 PIECES 40-INCH CURTAIN MUSLIN In white and -
colors, all fancu designs. &££&u
2Oc Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples^:
forwarded free to any address.
s
III. 113. 115, lit, 119, 121 FOST STREET.
•*-&$&?** w «ak Eyes Strengthened.
Paln mi or Inflamed eyes ln-
guSaBffiggagg stantly relieved with GEORGE
~~3S[ MATERLE'S German Eye
*4«fe--^^ ( ' Water, 60c, at 1071 Market
'MjBy!Sb.<^^ 6t - Te l- fouth 672. None gen-
™ - uine without " this trademark.
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTINC
in .* 22 or 38 Caliber, $3.73
O A*taItt/\* 6HKEVE & BARBEK
nTPVASVPI^ °°- Saa Francisco.
IVwYi/lVwI Gun£ ' FiBhlns Tackle
w v* i w* and £portlng Goods.
Sentf for Catalofue.
Red Rough Hands Itching Palms
arid Painful iFinger Ends
. : ¦ .-,¦ : ¦ ¦ , < .;- '_ ¦ . '¦•¦ - '. - ' ¦¦ '; ¦ ¦ . . . ! ¦ . ,--",:'¦'-¦.
Soak the hands on 'retiring in a strong, hot, creamy
lather of CUTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely
with CUTICURA, the great skin cure and purest of
emollients. Wear, during the night, old, loose kid gloves,
with the finder ends cut off arid air holes cut in the palms.
For . red, rough, chapped j hands, dry, fissured, itching,
feverish palms/ with shapeless nails arid painful finger
ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.
Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap
Assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for preserving, i»uriryiiijj,t«nd v bejiatifv-*'
ing the skin, for cleansing the scalp of, crusts, scales, and daiidmfl" »ad the
stopping of falling hair, for softenhijj, whitening, and noothinj; red, rough,
and sore -hands, for baby rashes and charttig9,iu th*-. form, «>f baths for
.Annoying irritatious mud- inflammations of women, or t.cw» n«t> or offensive
perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative wftiik nesses, nod many
sanative, antiseptic, purpddcs which readily suggest ihwcnselvus, as well as
forall the purposes of th« toilet, bath, and nursery
. CtrrnnjRA Kksolvkst Pilw (Cbocolato Coated)* are a new', iasi*ie»s oriurlcs* «conoin.
leal substitute for the celebrated liquid Oiiticcua 'Kehoi.Vrnt. as well a*' T»i all ot'ljer blond
purifiers and humour cures. '. l*ut up in ncrew-cappm1 pocket vials, ooniamlim «iO dose*
price 25o. Ciitiouka Pills ar« &lterativ<v:intise|>Mc. tonic,' ami digestive aud Iwnyond
question tlie purest. Bwcetest*, most successful ami ocououiical Mood a:nt s'kiu i/unhers
hiisnour cuiej, ami tonic-digestives y«t coaijuiut.ded ¦ .;•-•. ¦• - ¦ .. ".
Complete ExternAf and Internal Treatment for Every Humour, $1.00.
©¦»©<' ' • • CrmsUtliitf of flrjTicnh* ?m»m-; 2.V.,; to ciiaii*e the t-klii «( cmU*
BB/f^BTSB 0 © anfl K<:lles ;inc1 wfitri tlie UiW-kenol cuticle, i.'uticiika ointmknt
E,fi.QJaai.<I2 r '"''t lo l»««"t!y ; 'l'»f >U-.litn« ami ititlainmatloti ami ooctliu iin.I
-*?T ~*T ~ lical,' and cimnoKA Kmoi.vknt ., Pills, aw. to root anri deaiihO
Tho<iotCI tlic |l| oo' 1 A :. Sinulk Mfr.»K T «ifteii Multlrlpnt t«i cure tlie tiiofl
• ¦ ¦ lne . ael a> P . torturliiR, dlbUKurlOK.Mtcliln^.' buniln g ."ar.rt,wn» ? ,tuiuand blood
; nomourB, eczemas,' rai»UcH, and trrlutioni*, with iu«t> of' hair, when ail el*« falls' ,s o id
throughout the world. Urittfti .Oepot -27 tH. OhnrtcrUo.ihe Sq.;'Lon<3ou ¦'. Vre.D<-b'I>ODOt'
:6BuvdeU PttU.Farla.- PorreaDBOO uau Cwm: Loju-vgyit l l win., liyaton.Ub. A.
VERYBESTBUTTER32ic
Xone better made. Same as you pay 43c
for. Wednesday and from 6 to 11 p. m.
Saturday night. No limit.
SLICED PEACHES. 3 CANS 25c.
RflMR HflMFY Pure white; full frames;
uUmD nUiiLI just in from San \y\L
IMegro; usual 13c; each lUu
APRICOTS. 20c CANS. lOc.
LOWNtY'S COCOA S£3H > S5.«SS
3 for ZOG
100 dozen on sale at this price.
A. B. C. BEER. DOZ. QTS.. 82.25.
JAVA and MOCHA SPViS: 50c
Has flavor and strength of 35c quality
Ground or whole. Always special.
BEST BREW PORTER. $1.25; DOZ. »5o.
RAnnN 5660 * 1 Nut: s »c« d : Klass jar;
DMUUil sweet and mild; sold the ifl«
world over, usually 15c ". lUC
BRILLJANTSHINE. 15c CANS. 3 for 25c
HORSE SHOE WHISKYg o S s V K °r
size bottle J)OC
Standing special. 90c "quality.
POINT REYES BUTTER. 2Oc.
TOILET SOAP c r ed l 15c
Witch Hazel. Cold Cream and Glycerine.
Heather Bell. Usually 25c
JESSE MOORE WHISKY. 65c. '
BETTER WINES | a ano y n ear .... oM; $1,15
Port, Sherry, Angelica.
Exceptionally rich wines. Usually JL75.
BUTTER PACKED— ANY AMOUNT.
CLARET 5 year old: Eallon • - 39c
"We have claret as low as 25c, but rec-
ommend the older and better grade.
119 taylor st.
phone howard 1021.
McAllister and fillmore sts.
phone page 545^
j Sophocles* 8
Antigone
I To be rendered in the original Greek, \
with Mendelssohn's music, at »
The Harmon Gymnasium, i
¦ Berkeley.... §
I Salvrday, May 10th, 8 P, M. S
1 Take 7 o'clock boat from San Francisco. S
1 c Th e ', original • performance given at D
0 Stanford University, to be repeated bv 3
¦ kind invitation. . S
| \ OVER 100 PEBFORMERS. 1
1 Admission. 50c and 75c Tic'tctiand g
| a translation prepare J for the je per- |
I forminces on sale at
I Elder and Shepard,
I 238 Post Street. . . . Sin Francsco
9 Smith Bros.' Bosk Store, Oakland.
¦ University Co-operative Store, Berkeley 8
: ¦ ¦ m m - m JP
(^A PUDDING HAS '
U TWO SIDES/' ||f
It has an inside and an outside!
The inside of a pudding, like the inside of
a shoe, is the most serious part of it
If "the proof of the pudding is in the eating"
the proof of a shoe is in the wearing of it
' ' It is the wear of $3*50 Regals, which proves
the materials put into them equal to their $6,00
appearance*
"Tannery to Consumer" system helps the
inside of Regals, even more than the outside.
Style book explains why. ,, j
Sold only in 45 Fcgal Stores from Atlantic to Pacific, and London.
• Also by mail.
SAN FRANCISCO STORE
S. V. Corner Stockton and Geary Street,
Don't you want a cart like this? We have it, and others too w»
sell the standard old Studebaker Farm Wagon, as well as the most S w
Pleasure vehicles. Two thousand T\ehIcTes " stoc™ It Salri,
Ask for 1302 Catalogues.
firroDEBAKEBfRROS. f jQMMSY
OP CALIFORNIA.
Market and 10th Stretts. San Francisco.