MEMBERS OP! SCHOOL DEPART
MENT AVHp -.TOOK 'PART IN
TEACHERS*^ MASS-MEETING. .
"¦ Continued ''¦ on .Page ¦ Two- S
PRETORIA; .May. 2.— Colonel Barker re
ports that April 30 he captured Command
ant. Maiil Botha", his, adjutant and elRven
othcrs,:"near" Frankfort, Orange ltiver
Colony. C Mani I Botha' is a ; nephew of i he
commandant' general 'and is General. De
wet's ablest', lieutenant.; , ' '
Mani Botha Is Captured.
Russia Will Rebuild Forts.
VIENNA. May 2.— A telegram from
Warsaw! announces that the Russian Gov
ernment has decided to rebuild the forti
fications on the German and Austrian
frontiers at a cost of .'430,000.000 '.rubles.
This action is necessary as the result of
Colonel Grimme's betrayal of the plaus of
the existing Russian fortresses .;.
- LONDON,'* May: 2.— Embas3ador ; Choate
presented .Miss Helen de Young, daughter
of • .M." H. ¦ de Young of San Francisco, at
to-night's court.' She/ haa just left a con
vent In Paris, where sho was educated.
She wore -a gown of white mpusseline dc
sole, exquisitely embroidered "with sliver,
with a court train, of liberty satin.
Miss Helen de Young at Court.
CONSTANTINOPLE,. May 2.-The dis
putes of two rival Albanian chiefs,' Risa
Bey and Blram Surah, resulted in a battle
between j their partisans at j Daikova. on
April 30. The two parties ultimately with
drew to their towers, whence they bom
barded each other. The inhabitants of
Daikova were panic-stricken.
Albanian Chiefs in Battle.
ENGINEER AND FIREMAN
DIE IN TKAIN WRECK
Thirteen Mail Clerks Sustain Severe
.. Injuries When the Crash
Comes.
CLYDE. . N. Y.. May 2.— A New York
Central fast mail train, west bound, col
lided with a fast freight going in the op
posite direction a quarter of a mile west
of the station here at 5 o'clock this eTfen
lng. killing the engineer and fireman .pt
the mall train and seriously Injuring thir
teen mail clerks. 'The dead are:
JOHN, GRANT, engineer, Syracuse. -
WJLLL\M K. NOXSON. fireman, Syra^
cusc.
The injured, all mail clerks, arc: J.'W.
Shepard, E. R. Force. R. Mills. E. E. Gib
son.', all of Cleveland; R. C. Balrd. John
M. : Meft and G. "NV. Nutnmer of Elyria;
J." P. Putnam of Brockton. N. Y.; George
M. Smert and George Crowney of Buf
falo. <G. E. Wright of Rochester. Arthur
Underhtll of Norwalk, Ohio,.; &s4 John
Fitts of Corry. Pa ,
The Board • of ,Kudcation hold3 . a , different
opinion ¦ from the Auditor' and they" hold It very
strongly. ,'\The 'question- at; Issue Is , now, passed
up ; to .the-urtiDlre-y-selected by:. the 1 charter— to
finally decide, such questions. It .wlU'be/our'
duty, to see. that'; the ") umpire gives a.thorough
ly; unbiased and i impartial 'Opinion; in :'favor. of.
the public (Laughter.) !. Of 'course,; If
It ; were ' actually, necessary. ,; If . there . were no
other/way, out-of.lt, the teachers of Sah'Fran^
clsco would 'contribute one: month's^ salary; to
fit and s equip : the.' necessary houses for
the V young.';; . \ ( I-iaughter. ) ;i Bu t ; the'- people "of
San Francisco do 'not wish' them i* to make any,
i sucli '. sacrifice. They, have shown by^the : mag
i nlhcent' vote- they leave , on the the 'constitu-i
tlonal' amendment i that they , will amend-' the",
'charter; ¦¦ 'that", they»wlll- suffer^* an ] emcrKency;
tax' and have'-, the 1 *. teachers '"o'f San 1 Francisco*
matter carefully, and; will put it before you bo
that: you. will. knoV. it ; ( throughout.", jit. is only
necessary for. me to say. that thli cause ought'
to enlist' all ' our 'sympathies. ' It" isTa cause'
upon", which, there ought not, to 'be, and prob-:
ably "will not. be', any •difference ¦ ot ' opinion! 1 .
The Auditor', fn- the performance' of /his duty,
in accordance with his -best lights, "has ; madu :
an ; estimates of - all. the money ' that can -b^.
put : In- the hands of the -Board of; Kducatlon
for the j nextr fiscal '.. year "and x that ' estimate is'
now in the hands of :tHe Board of j Supervisors.
DIFFERS FROM } THE • AUDIT0P-:
. We are assembled here thls'afternoon, to con
sider a question whlch'ls not altogether new to
us. ¦ We are somewhat familiar with', this "sit-'
nation. There ,ia not . quite' enoujfh money '} to
run • the School Department as it, ; should :be
run. The, members of the. Board of Education
are present •'by,.; Invitation" and will : Kive. ,you;
the ' exact situation! They have' studied 'thu* 1
In calling the: meeting to order C. C.
Young," .'president " of .; the ' San • Francisco
Teachers' Club.'stated the reasons for the
gathering. ' " He; then called r for nomina
tions for : temporary, chairman, j and j Prin
cipal A. L. :• Mann of tho Denman Gram- i
mar ; School was nominated by acclama
tion. He was warmly greeted when 'he:
too* the platform and spoke as follows: ';
tost against the meagerncSs of
the appropriation suggested for the main 1
tenancc of the schools during the next
fiscal year. .More than 400 'teachers'. ] at
tended the meeting. Addresses .were de
livered by members of the School Depart
ment 1 and Board. of Education, and all
those' present were in hearty accord. with
the spirit of the meeting. > V - : . :
¦f VM HE- teachers of . the .public
. B;.- schools \ held a mass-meeting
B ' . yesterday in the auditorium of
. B the Girls' High School for the
. purpose, of voicing their pro-
LONDON. May 3.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Dally Express says
in a dispatch that Count Bobrikoff, re
cently Governor General of Finland, has
been appointed Russian Minister of War,
in succession to General Kuropatkin, and
that Count Lamsdorf has been replaced as
Minister of Foreign Affairs by Vice Ad
miral Alexieff, commander in chief of the
land and sea forces of Russia in East
Asia,- who has given up the latter post.
New Russian War Minister.
''"\VI11 San Francisco awake from her Rip Vaa.
Winkle '. sleep in school J matters ? ' 'Will she,'* the
greatest* and : most ; prosperous , city. on*, the ". Pa-'
cine , Coast, with .her ; srreat .commercial < devel-'
! opment 'to the ; eastward.*- with all the Pacific
Ocean ;before" her. . with possibilities - of ;' future
greatness, . such . that; she c is^ bound to , be" the
greatest f aggregation of: human life \ on '¦ this
continent, v turn" her; back oni her I school chil-'
¦dren/iforget^erereatneis'ahdher success and"
:'^Ve are> here to-day to hold, up :the rnlrVor
of -truth to'; the, people; and >to the Supervisors
of .this 'city/; It U necessary, to plainly
to therrv and "we "stand -here squarely confron'.
lriir' the • proposition. ; .'
SAN "FRANCISCO ; MUST AWAKE.
" I am sorry to have to Bay it, but I have 'se«n
in my short term of 'service ramshackle build
ings 1 In .'thfa city . that ' would ¦ be considered a
'disgrace ¦'- In 'any live community ..of much
.smaller .'population,! and worst {of ;ali, .1 have
Ween ' innocent .j little : children';, crowded in these
"unsanitary bullpena- to..a'.polrit ' : that their
health ,1s seriously 'endangered.
,'.*"I.'-have entered. UDon. the .duties .of ; School
Director V with an I earnest ¦ desire to . see i the
schools' of. San' Francisco' ¦' rise to'such', a pre
eminence ,. that \ the, fame, of ', our • fair cltyj in
matters ; educational , shall' become world' wide.
! School . Director. :Roncx»vieri, .who was
next introduced, spoke; in part as follows:
I paid in ; full : the salaries they' de«erve. (Ap
plause.) . ••¦'"' ¦ » .' ' V^ '.;; ,'"•
", : , The meetlnr,ls now open and I will call on
Director.' Roncoyierld to ! make, a ; statement ' of
the exact condition of affaln. .'.
Allowance >l in i Proposed r Jax
Budget Said to Be
Too Sriialt
Hold Meeting
to Discuss
*£Matieftk\-l
If is • understood that. an agreement' has
been . reached -whereby • $31,000 of the
amount appropriated shall go to the phy
sicians and the remainder will te used
to defray the: funeral expenses. Friends
of the dead President and ! others inter
ested have been consulted and it is be
lieved that the allowance will be entirely
satisfactory to all . concerned. A state
ment off all expenses ; Incurred \"was sub
mitted to the committee and the amount
named will cover, all obligations of the
Government. . ¦ .
: CALL . BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May 2.— Congrc33
will pay the funeral expenses of the late
President McKinley, including the phy
siolans' bills, over which there has been
so-much contention. An item is to be
inserted In the" urgent deficiency bill now
under consideration the House Com
mittee on. Appropriations, whlah provides
for an appropriation of $50,000 to defray
expenses attending 'the death and burial
of .the President.
Cost. of Interment and Bills of Physi
t .-'.'' . dans Bef erred To in
GOVERNMENT TO PAY T
FOR M'KINLEY'S FUNERAL
Chairman Carter of the Government com
mission, letters from '• whom . were trans
mitted to the Senate, to-day by Secretary
Hay.'! The communications were read in
the Senate, after which Senator Cockrell
introduced an amendment : to the sundry
civil bill providing for the opening of the
fair on May 1, 1904, and closing on Decem
ber 1. folio wing. The amendment further
provides for the coinage of $250,000 in gold
dollar pieces,, to be sold, as souvenirs.
President Francis and Carter said that
the postponement until 1904 is In order
that proper, preparations may be made.
The reauest in behalf of the St. Louis
fair was. made by President Francis of
the Exposition Company, reinforced by
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 2.— Congress
has-been asked to authorize a postpone
ment of ; the opening, of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition until 1304 and to
grant relief to the managers of the Pan-
American Exposition at Buffalo.
Officials of the Proposed St. Louis
/Exposition Require Increase
: : in Time.
CONGRESS IS ASKED
TO DEFER WORLD'S FAIR
MANILA, May 2— The trial by court-;
m-rtial of Arthur Howard, alias Waller,
a deserter from the United States army,
ivho was captured in . August . last by
Lieutenant Hazzard of the Third Cav
alry, was <*onr!uded to-day.. .Howard's
trial on tbe rharpp of desertion was tie
la} rd owln^ to his being used as a civilian.
scout under General J. Franklin Bell," in i
the- latter "e campaign against the insur- !
gents in Batangas province. It' is be
lieved that if Howard is convicted he will
be pardoneJ because of the services he
n-ndered to Van Government, but he will
probably be roarrested by the civil au
thorities on the charge of murder. j
Howard denied that he was ever a.n\
American soldier and claimed that he was !
born In Spain of Ensjish and Spanish pa
rentage. He esserted\that he cast his Jot
¦with Aguinaldo at tHp time of the rup
ture with the Americans and that lie
brought in sixteen American prisoners
under a flag of truce la t Angeles.: Pam-
Continued on Page Two - 1
TRIAL OF HOWARD.
'General MacArthur insisted that there
had been a great upheaval and the ground
*wc!l was still apparent, some of the in
cidents of war continuing even after the
pacification of a locality.
Culberson went through most of the bill
of right?, his questions seeking to de
vJop that fundamental rights had not
been implanted in the islands. General
MacArthur maintained, however, that all
of the fundamental rights except trial by
jury and the right to bear arms were In
operation as far as conditions would per
mit. He read a proclamation he had
Issued specifying most of the constitu
tional rights.
The committee in executive session
agreed, at the request ¦ of Rawlins, to
summon Corporal William W. GIbbs, now
at. Springfield, Mass.. he having been an
eye-witness of the massacre of Balangi
ga. the Senator said; also Dr. A. L.
Parker of New Hampshire, who is said
to have been a witness of much "water
cvrir.g."
FUNDAMENTAL BIGHTS.
WASHINGTON. May 2.— General Mac-
Arthur was Interrogated to-day by Sen
ator Culberson of Texas in a rather iron
ical vein at the hearing before the Phil
ippine Committee. The general bad re
ferred to the advantage of implanting
republican institutions in the island. Cui
bcrson asked if the Declaration of Inde
pendence and the constitution were not
the foundation for republican institutions.
General MacArthur answered that the
whole constitutional history of the coun
try, with the preceding English history,
together with the Declaration of Inde
pendence, together with the constitution
had to be considered. Culberson took each
of the principles of republican institu
tions, free speech, free press, self-govern
inont, trial by jury, etc., and asked, how
far these had been implanted in the Phil
ippines. As. to free speech General Mac-
Arthur said he had. told the Filipinos that
Jf they would give him their guns they
could have a mass-meeting on every cor
ner. He said soldiers were quartered in
private houses as an incident to war.
This led to a discussion of whether war
was 5n cx!stence.
.SAN DOMINGO, republic of Santo.D«
mingo, .Tuesdayr;"April 29.— A revolution." '
headed by -Vice President Horacio Vas
quez, has broken out. The revolutionists,
in etrong force, are marching on this city,
the capital. The Government Is u taking
serious steps to defend the citr. Tel
egraphic communication with the interior
has been cut. No further news is obtain
able. The capital is quiet while awaiting
events.
PORT AU PRINCE. Haytl, May 2.-AU
the republic of Santo Domingo, except the
port of Porto Plata, on the coast, and
.the capital, San Domingo, on the south
coast. Is in the hands of the Dominican
revolutionists commanded by Vice Presi
dent Vasquez, who with considerable
forces was expected to arrive before San
Domingo to-day.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Haytl, May 2.-Vlce
President Vasquez of Santo Domingo,
leader of the revolution against President
Jiminez, has arrived at Guerra. near
San Domingo, the capital. The fall jC
the Jiminez Government is expected to
day or to-morrow. .
. Porto Plata, the principal port of Santo
Domingo, is quiet. Large numbers of
Government troops have been concen
trated to-day and they are supported by
warships. The Governor of Porto Plata.
General Deschamps, has decided to de
fend the place.
WARSHIP MAY BE SENT.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— In the opinion
of administration officials a change of
government is impending in Santo Do
mingo. Minister Powell, in San Do
mingo City, reported -to Secretary Hay
this afternoon that the revolution headed
by Vice President Vasquez is gathering
headway and that the wires have besri
cut.
Powell did not request that a warship
be sent, but Jt Is likely that a vessel will
be directed to proceed to Dominican
waters. Powell, who is also accredited
to Haytl, has not forwarded to the S tat »
Department a copy of the alleged agree
ment entered into by General Leconte,
Minister of the" Interior, and a German
syndicate by 1 " which the latter obtains the
exclusive right to locate coaling stations
in Haytl.
The State Department has not concerned
Itself about the matter in view of the"*
assurances ofUhe German * Emperor that
he has no Intention of violating the Mou
roe doctrine. It will be time enough to
act, the officials say, when Germany com
mits an overt act.
iJic^stMus'of this matter iia.T ; Bccn
made by cable, and it was decided
to suspend action until a response
could be secured.
CALL BUREAU, 1406
G STREET, N. W.,
WASHINGTON, May
2. — The Senate Philip
pine Committee to-day reconsid
ered its decision to ask the War
Department to have Major Corne
lius Gardener brought from the
Philippines to IVashington in ad
vance of his regiment in order to
testify before the committee. It was
stated that at last accounts Major
Gardener had not filed the specifica
tions to sustain the charges mode
by him as Governor of Tayabas
Province, as directed by the Secre
tary of War, and that it was not
considered desirable to bring him
from the islands before that order
had been complied with. It zvas
further stated that inquiry as to
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENICE, May 2.— In an interview with
a representative of the Associated Press
the Imprisoned officers of the cruiser Chi
cago warmly repudiated the reports from
Rome that they were under the. influence
of wine at the time of the trouble, and
said that, on the contrary, they were ab
solutely sober. Lieutenant John S. Dodd
ridge remarked:
- "After the accidental upsetting of a
table in a cafe by myself and a compan
ion at 11 o'clock at night we were fol
lowed and attacked by a mob and two
municipal policemen appeared on the
scene, I with my open hand motioned to,
the crowd to keep off. The police then
seized us, but the mob continued go
threatening that our brother officers and
a marine who happened to be on the
piazza ran to our rescue. We acted only
in self-defense and against a large hostile
crowd. We did not strike the police.
Doubtless the misunderstanding of the
two languages had something to do with
the trouble. We have been allowed to re-"
main together In prison, but the room In
which we have been confined swarmed
with Insects."
THREATENED BY THE MOB.
Whether this can be done, in view of
the action of the King in granting a par
don, remains to be determined. . While
grateful for the liberation of Captain
Wynne, Lieutenant Doddridge, Assistant
Surgeon Ledbetter and a private \ of ma
rines, it is insisted that this was only an
act of justice and that it should not be
allowed to stand in the way of a demand.
for reparation in case inquiry should
show that the Americans were victims of
an Italian misunderstanding. News of
the release of the officers and men camo
to both the State and Navy, departments
to-day, the message received by Secre
tary of the Navy Moody reading: '
"VENICE. May \ '.-Secretary; of the
Navy, Washington: Party released on
1 pardon from -King and are- on board. •••
"DAYTON." .
£~j M0OD/3£; A WAITS^RJSPORT, % S
, Secretary Moody has determined ~to give
no instructions for an investigation of
the arrest and imprisonment of the Chi
cago's officers until he has received
report of Captain Dayton, which is now
on its way to Washington. : In this report
Captain Dayton will describe the conduct
of Captain Wynne, Lieutenant Doddridge,
Assistant Surgeon Ledbetter and the pri
vate cf" marines in resisting arrest.
With this report at hand Moody will be
able to determine what proceedings are
necessary. If., as reported, one of the
conditions of the release of the men was
their punishment by the United States,
then, of course. It will be necessary to
act. In view of the charges that intoxi
cation "was responsible for the trouble, it
is likely that an application will be made
by the officers themselves for a court of
inquiry. About the time Captain Day
ton's report is received Rear ¦ Admiral
Crowninshield will have arrived at Na
ples, and he will be ordered to take ac
tion which may.be considered desirable.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. May 2.-Should in
vestigation relieve the sailors of the Chi
cago from blame in connection with the
trouble in Venice their friends propose
to urge the President' and Secretary of
State Hay to make diplomatic representa
tions to Italy with a view of obtaining
redress. . •"
¦ -For many years the Silver. Peaks mines
hare attracted the attention of mining:
men and many experts have declared that
they, were the greatest low grade proper
ties in the world. Charles Larie visited
the * camp only, a .few months ago and
made an offer to the Blairs for the claims.
His proposition involved a time payment,"
which was declined. The owners demand-'
£d $750,000 cash, no time, no bond and no
conditions. John ,\V. Mackay. ahso took' a
look at the property, but relinquished his
Intention of a possible purchase because
the claims were being fought over In the
courts" and, he could not get a clear title.
As,he expressed'it, he "refused to buy a
.lawiuitJ',^^ ,. -~ , . ¦- V
J*ln" thT_Unlt«<)~ StatesTDtstrict Court here
only, t his- : week' a ' decision was recorded
against J.'B. H.'.Harfis, .who has been at
law. with the -Blairs for years over some
claims -that*are^in the -group.. Whether
this decision s will finally end the litigation
Is not known.
. .-¦ - . - - - ~
CARSON, May 2.— Word came to this
city to-day of a remarkable gold strike
in the Silver Peak mines, the property of
the Blairs of . New Jersey, and over which
a fortune has been spent in litigation.
S.'A.' Knapp and Dr. Berry, both of Haw
thorne, brought ! the news. They report
that' the company has had a force of fif
teen men at work recently, under. the di
rection of Samuel ' Wasson. In following
a email stringer they came upon a treas
ure-house, of gold nuggets. In one day
more than $100,000 was taken out and the
"pocket" has not yielded all of its wealth.
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
y> ORTO PLATA, May
B Jj 2. — Vice President Ho
3 ratio Vasquez, leader of '
the revolution, is in
Gucrra with his insurgent force.
He is now only about four hour/
march from the capital The Gov
ernment is expected to /fall either
to-day or to-morrow. The revo
lutionists are in- posscsssion of the
whole republic, with the exception
of the capital and Porto Plata.
General Deschamps, Governor of
Porto Plata, is determined to hold
out against the revolutionists. There
is a large number of Government
troops in Porto Plata, and a Do
minican war vessel is also in the
harbor. Alexander Joseph Gill has
been appointed Minister of War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Contemplated.
Until Full Reports
Come No Action Is
General Mac Arthur Is
Still on Witness
Stand.
Wealth of the Treas=
ure Cache Not Yet
Exhausted.
San Domingo's Fall
Will Terminate
the Strife.
If Facts Warrant It
Italy Will Get
a Bill.
Major's Allegations
Are Not Properly
Sustained.
Day's Work Yields
Sum of $100,=
Rapid Progress
in War.
Vasquez Makes Most
Success of the Revolt
Headed by Vice
I President
Not to Summon
Gardener.
Philippine Committee
"Pocket" Found by
Delve rs in Silver
Peak Mines.
Friends of Arrested
Officers Talk of
Reparation.
TEACHERS TO APPEAL
TO SUPERVISORS FOR
LARGER APPROPRIATION
AMERICA
MAY ASK
DAMAGES
JIMINEZ
WILL BE
DEPOSED
AWAITING
EXPLICIT
CHARGES
UNCOVER
STORE OF
NUGGETS
REBELS MARCH UPON THE CAPITAL,
MENACING DOMINICAN GOVERNMENT
SAN FK ANCISCOS : SATURDA Y* MAY; 3, : 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 154.
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page One.
AWAITING EXPLICIT CHARGES,
The bill is brought in the name of the
United States of America, ex rel. Attor
ney General P. C. Knox. The principal
allegation is to the effect that Armour &
Co.. Nelson Morris & Co., Swift & Co..
G. H. Hammond Packing Co.. Cudahy
Packing Co. and Sehwarzschild & Sulz
berger Co., are engaged in an illegal com
bination in restraint of trade, an$ the
prayer of the bill is that they be perma
nently restrained by an injunction. In
support of the main allegation of tne
bill it Is alleged that secret agreements
controlling the price of dressed beef
rxist between the six packers named and
1 hat meetings are held at stated intervals
at which the market price of dressed beef
for tbe entire United States is raised and
lowered at will.
White the lawyers were busy tinishing
the bill word came from the stockyards
lhat by the middle of the month 13,000
men, or one-third of the working force
at the yards, will be out of their jobs.
Tbis information came from the inside- of
the yards and includes not only. the regu
lar summer lay-off of men because of dull
trading and a consequent reduction in the
umountor" manual labor, but aldo several
thousand extra men, as a result of the
present beef agitation. Kvery packing
house in the yards will reduce tne num
ber of its employes. In fact, the process
has been going on for over two we-iits
pa^t. This action has been taken by the
packers in syite of the fact that beef
continues to rise in price and canned
meats will surely follow.
The completion of the bill to-day
marked the ciose of preliminaries to the
injunction suit against the packers and
mates it possible for the bill to be filed
by next Tuesday or Wednesday. All now
depends on the action of Attorney Gen
eral Knox. If he has no changes to sug
gest, his approval will be telegraphed to
Chicago and District Attorney Bethea
will iile copies of the bill immediately.
If the Attorney General has any consid
erable amendments to make to the bill
it will be necessary to send it back to
Bethea for corrections before it can be
liled.
CHICAGO, May 2.— William A. Day,
special attorney of the Department of
Justice, left Chicago for Washington this
evening- to submit to Attorney General
Kqox a bill for an injunction against the
companies. comprising the packers' trust.
Work on the bill was hurried through
to-<lay to enable Day to go away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Federal Department of
Justice Nearly Ready
. H. -7
Twelve Thousand Employes
of Packers Scon to
Be Idle.
to Act.
LAW MOVES
ON BEEF TRUST
THREE LEADING LOS ANGELES CLUB WOMEN WHO ARE ASSISTING IN
THE ENTERTAINMENT OF THE -THOUSANDS OF VISITING DELE
GATES TO THE BIENNIAL OF THE GENERAL FEDERATION. . t
Continued From Page One.
Director .Mark, submitted to a committee
for amendment. ¦ ' •
Upon motion the following named com
mittee of eighteen was appointed to pre
pare the resolutions to be submitted.-to
the . Supervisors: Principals O'Connor,
Madame Fechin. Miss H. Stinson, Mrs.
Prag. R. Faulkner, • Mrs. North. Miss
Kodkinson. Judge R. C. Daniels, Mrp.
O'Neill, Miss O'Neill, Miss Dean;: Miss
Pauline Hart, Miss Nolan, Miss Morton,
Mis3 Conklin, J. H. Simmons, J. H. Ly
ser and W. H. Edwards.
The committee will meet this morning
at 10 o'clock in the rooms of the Annuity
Commissioners, City •'Hall.
Causes Physician's Arrest.
SACRAMENTO, May 2.— Dr. J. E.
Poore of this ?clty was • arrested to-day
upon complaint of Mrs. Marshall, who re
sides at 2121 K street. v She claims/ that a
few days. ago, while Dr. Poore was pay
ing a visit to her house, he attempted to
take 5 liberties with her.. She ran scream
ing into tho yard 'and aroused the^ neigh
borhood. Dr. Poore gave bail for his ap
pearance in court. ;
Found Bead in Bed.
EUREKA,' May 2.— C. ,'A". Loughead, a
candy-maker employed by | E. :: B. Hall,
was found dead in bed this morning.
Loughead arrived here only last Monday.
Letters found In his pockets indicate that
he had been 'working in ; ' the candy 'Store
at 1 1064 Washington street, Oakland. He
had a brother and sister at Salem,^Ore
gon. Loughead * was about 30 years old.
Charged- With Cattle Stealing.
.FRESNO, May, 2.— Ernest ; Dickie -and
Frederick LJnder, "residents ,\of Fresno,
were arrested to-day for cattle stealing;
The cattle were stolen from the James
ranch, the brands mutilated and some of
the animals sold to Supervisor Mitchell.
GROWTH OF TfiE SCHOOLS.
Roncovieri then dwelt at length on 'the
growth of schools in this- country and the
manner in which the .various cities aro
providing for the accommodation of the
children. He spoke of the splendid build
ings erected throughout the East, and ad
vocated that similar bulidlngs be provided
for the local School Department. .
School Director Thomas P. Woodward
followed, and stated that the School Di
rectors have not been able to do all the
things the teachers wduld like them to do
and they would like, to do owing to -the
lack of funds. He said the members of
the board were aware of the poor accom
modations, but they could not better con
ditions. ¦ '»'.» ¦¦.;¦•. .
¦. .'/The Auditor's task," he said," "Is not
for the want of a few dollars let her schools
be ruined and set herself back educationally
half a, century? Progression or retrogres
sion, that Is the question.
I confess that it hurts my pride to have
to say these thincs, but the people and the:
teachers of this department, must realize "the
true state of affairs, and the sooner concerted
action Is brought into play for more and bet
ter schools, for smaller classification, not to
exceed forty-five • children enrolled, and for
more and better rtald teachers, the sooner will
we reach th» ideal in education. We havj
not in San Francisco a single modern up-to
date - fireproof school building of steel and
stone construction. ¦ -. . -
The. public and the Supervisors must realize
that most of our school buildings are going to
seed and ire In need of immediate repairs;
that we must have new schools In new dis
tricts that have none at present; that we
must have more teachers, ¦ both to reduce the
classification to a reasonable number end to
keep pace with thg natural increase, and that
for these and many more reasons, and because
we cannot wait for a bond issue, which will
take toolontr, as special emergency tax will
hav* to be levied this year, an increase, which
I believe, every honest tax payer but the miser
and tax dodger will gladly approve. ,
The conditions v/e face to-day are th*» re
sult of years of neglect. We must have clean,
bright, cheerful schoolrooms and joyous and
enthusiastic teachers, and this influence on
our rlalnar reneration -will give us an Ideal
citizenship advanced, in all the arts and sci
ences, and leaders in the world's progress.
•The people and the Supervisors . must be
made to understand above all that in the edu
cation of the American youth we are molding
the American type of manhood of future gen
eration!". . and they must treat the schools lib
erally in order to make -the American " type
ideal. We murt have more schools and bet
ter accommodations and more teachers, not to
morrow, bMt to-day. , , - '
In conclusion, let me -entreat every friend
of tbe public «bools to constitute himself a
committee of one to urge upon the Supervisors
the nftCFFfity for .in increased appropriation. .
The : speaker ¦ then stated the Auditor
had set apart; the 6um>of . $450,000 as a
eort of a fr6e-for-all scramble - for the
various departments, and whatever, de
partment .could advance • the best right to
a claim on this sum would receive a part
or all of it. -He appealed to the, teachers
to use their individual influence. to secure
at least half the sum for' school purposes.
He next suggested that a series of .where
ases and resolutions be prepared and sent
to the Board of Supervisors " as a memo
rial.-' ' :¦....,' v |- .•¦ : ¦. ; ... ¦ -; .,: .- . ¦ •;
Principal ' R.< Faulkner .then read '¦ a set
oi' resolutions .which vw ere, o^n motion of
School Superintendent Reginald Web
ster was next introduced and was given
an ovation. In part he spoke, as follows:
• Our republic during the last sevenyears has
experienced an unDarafleled prosperity in ' its
material conditions. . The 'Dulse beat of this
prosperity- forced through the arteries of trade
and finance has reached this city. .... I am ¦ in
formed that ; during the coming year twenty
millions of dollars will be Invested in perma
nent improvements in this, city and county
and its population Increased by. the most con
servative estimate 15,000 people. This ¦ condi
tlan ¦ of things has found > San > Francisco un
pftpared, educationally at least. I •will not
fto Into any further exploitation of "the con
dition of our public school business^ and the
insufficient accommodations and ¦ school facil
ities. About 20.C00 children of school age do
not attend any school in this city and county.
You know, full well that' if 5 per cent of that
number were compelled to attend "school, there
would be no .seats to accommodate them. •' This
is a lamentable condition of affairs.
PUI.SE BEAT OF PROSPERITY.
Cecil Mark, a< member of the Board of
Education, follrtwed. He • created' some
merriment in his speech by saying 'that
Boards of Supervisors came: and went;
that the Mayor, Auditor and' other of
ficers were oirly temporarily in power*
while the teachers remained forever. This
was an insinuation that the school teach
ers, grew old in the service, and he tried
to remove the impression,. by. saying it
was incumbent "• on the members of the
department to secure relief from the Leg
islature. ' ¦ . . v.
an enviable one. What he has done was
dbne with a sincerity of purpose. He has
your interests at heart, and he informed
me that if you would call on him to-mor
row he would see that you all got your
warrants." (Laughter.) ¦ -• - •
Woodward apologized for the absence of
the Mayor, whom- he 6aid was detained
by- the annual inspection of the Police
Department. "We know where his- heart
is and where his pen will be," said the
speaker. He was interrupted at this junc
ture by Miss Stinson, principal of the
Whlttler Primary School, who announced,
"His heart is here because his wife is
with, us." ..... .. ... . , , .....
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protrudlne Piles
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment ¦ to refund
money where It fails to cure any case of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itchlner instantly. This la a new dfsebvery and
is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will ba
*ent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
It in stock-send 60c in stamps and-we will for
ward full size box^y mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE V CO.. St. Louis, Mo., who
"also manufacture the ¦ celebrated cold cure
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. . •
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
DENVER, May 2.— The Coroner's jury in
the case of Albert Gabrin, member of the
Colorado Legislature, who died on Janu
ary 8 last, finished its work late this
afternoon, returning a verdict to the ef
fect that Gabrin came to his death by
arsenical poisoning/ at the hands of a
person or persons .unknown.
Immediately afterward a' warrant was
issued by- Justice of the Peace Hynes on
complaint of Chief of Police Armstrong,
against Mrs. Nellie Gabrin, widow of the
dead man, charging her with murder.
Mrs. Gabrin was arrested at her home
by Detectives Carberry and Sanders. She
was taken to the police station and placed
in charge of the police matron. The pris
oner takes h*»r arrest coolly.
Sensational Developments in the Case
of the Poisoning of Colorado
Legislator. '
WIDOW IS ACCUSED
OF HUSBAND'S MURDER
LOS ANGELES. May 2.— The politi
cal feature of the club woman's
convention is the withdrawal to
night of Mrs. Robert J. Burdettc
from the presidential race. This
assures Mrs. Denison's election to that
office, with Mrs. Burdette's chances for
the first vice presidency, excellent. In a
statement which she presented first to a
meeting of the California delegation anJ
then gave to. the pre*ss Mrs. Burdette
said:
At the beginning of the General Federation
presidential campaign I said, in private and in
the columns of the press, in many interviews.,
that Mrs. Denlson of New York was the logi
cal candidate for the presidency, and If sh«
would accept the nomination she ought to be
«>l«cted. Mrs. Denlson having said positively
tbflt she was not & candidate, ray friends made
ust> of my name, in pursuance of their own
desires,- and, by their loyal and zealous enthu
siasm, have made my -candidacy a factor in
this campaign. But now that Mrs. " Denison
hae announced her candidacy through the col
umns Of the press, I wish it understood, in all
sincerity, that I leave her pathway to the
presidency to the General Federation, so far
ac I am" concerned, unobstructed.
Following the morning session, when an
r attempt made by a Massachusetts dele
: gate to precipitate the color question fell
flat, the club women took a recess to view
the flower parade. Mrs. Lowe rode In a
victoria decorated with 3000 rose* by the
Friday Morning Club.. She was accom
! par.icd by Jessie Benton Fremont, daugh
ter of the Pathfinder, and* attended by
eight outriders In white flannel garb. The
ladies were gowned in gray and carried
parasols of the same-shade.?? '-)¦.''
REPORTS BY STATES.
The afternoon session was devoted to
two-minute reports of State presidents,
who told., of the practical work of their
federations. Such announcements as the
establishment of 900 free -traveling libra
ries in. Ohio and the opening of twenty
rest rooms for farmers' wives in Texas
precipitated so much, applause that th»i
presiding officer asked, that it be sup
pressed in order to save time.
A feature not down on the programmo
and which threw the Utah delegation into
a furor was the appearance of Mrs. Char
lotte Ives Kirby to report for that Stat.;.
The Utah president was not present,
whereupon Mrs. Kirby announced that she
was to-represent that official. "Mrs. Eliza
beth K. Royle of Salt Lake City, honorary
vice president of the General Federation,
who was seated on the platform, crawled
on her knees to the president's chair in
order not to attract the audience,- and
begged that the speaker be stopped. Mrs.
Kirby was allowed to proceed, however,
and when the two-minutes were up and
she had been called down twice, she be
gan to repeat. "Let us, then, be up and
doing." The laughter of the . audience
ended the episode.
A Utah delegate arose and declared Mrs.
Kirby was not even a member of the
Utah delegation. Mrs. Kirby. who had
in the meantime sauntered, off to the
pr.ess tent to give out her speech, said she
had been sent by the Governor of Utah.
MRS. ROBERTS A WARCLO0D.
. Utah's delegation believes it has more
than its share of trouble; inasmuch as the
rumor is abroad that Mrs. Roberts, wife
of the Mormon leader, has come to urge
her claims as a delegate. As a balm for
its injured feelings, Utah wants to claim
the office of recording secretary. ~ .
Some of the members appointed at
meetings of State delegations, late this
afternoon for the Important nominating
committee are: Mrs.* St. John Gaffney
of New York, Mrs.' Thaddeus Stanwood
of Illinois, Mrs. Henry Weaver of Ohio,
Mrs. O. A., Granger of Georgia, Mrs. H.
M. Youmans of Wisconsin. Mrs. Ernest
Smith of Delaware, Mrs. Percy Penny
backer of Texas and, Mrs. Greenleaf .. of
California. • ' " '
At these same meetings an effort was
made to promote a new amendment in
substitution forthat recently accepted at
the New York* color conference' by Mas
sachusetts and Georgia representatives,
but afterward rejected by. Massachusetts.
The new amendment originated with Ne
braska, and already has the support oi-
Massachusetts, Missouri, Montana, Idaho
and Iowa. It provides that, if the New
york compromise fail of acceptance by
the convention, "all future -Applications
on the part of individual clubs for mem
bership in the general federation shall be
made to the State federation and that
qualifications for membership shall be
only such as are provided for admission
to the State federation, except they shall
show no political or sectarian test."
GROWTH OF FEDERATION.
The reports given to-day of the growth
of the general federation In the last two
years are interesting. There have been
admitted 225 new rtubs. three State fed*
erations: and three district federations.
The federation now aggregates 763 clubs,
with a membership of 72,500; four dis
trict federations of 4000 and thirty-nine
State federations of 3275 clubs with a to
tal membership of 211,703.
To-night . Simpson Auditorium was
crowded by an audience gathered to heat
an address by George Gunton of New
York on "Association Progress."
To-morrow, there will be five sessions.
In the- morning ''Education" will be con
sidered.- with Miss Margaret Evans of
Minnesota In the ch'anr, and "Reciproc
ity," with Mrs. Philip Moore of Mis
souri presiding. In the afternoon me ses
sion on "Clubhouses", will be In charge of
Mrs. James D. Whltmore of Colorado,
and the "Press" will <>e handled -under
Mrs. Ella W. Peattle of IlKnots. At night
will occur the literature session, under
Mrs. May Alden Ward of. Massachusetts.
TE3^.OH:E3K.S TO APPEAL TO THE SUPERVISORS!
WASHINGTON'. May 2.-Secretary Root
is writing to Senator Culberson an ex
planation of the reason why the War De
partment thus far has made no response
to the Senate resolution adopted April 17,
calling for exact and detailed statements
of the cost of the war in the Philippines.
This is answer to criticisms made' by
certain Senators to the effect that the
department was purposely suppressing In
formation on this subject. The Secretary
will show that from the moment it was
received every one of the supply bureaus
of the War Department has been engaged
In collecting material for the answer. The
Secretary had explained to Senator Cul
berson as he thought the great difficulties
connected with the collecting of the in
formation he desired and its compilation
would require the service of a large part
of the clerks in the department for a con
siderable time. The Secretary did not feel
justified in diverting them from their nec
essary regular employment upon the re
quest of a single Senator. As soon, how
ever, as the United States Senate by reso
lution called for the.. information the en
tire- machinery of the department was put
in motion to meet the demand. The diffi
culties In the way of making a satisfac
tory response were enormous, and in
many instances it was found actually im
possible to answer specific- questions by
approximate statements. This is true, not
withstanding the fact' that every one of
the depot and supply officers here and in
the Philippines has been called upon
whenever acquainted with any of the
facts desired.
The editor of the Volcano was sentenced
April 22 last to one day's imprisonment
and to pay a fine of $100 for demanding
the* removal cf the Judge, who had fined
Senor VaJdez. editor of the Miau. $W0
for libeling two Filipino members of the
United States Commission.
SECRETARY ROOT EXPLAINS
MANILA. May 2.— The Government is
dissatisfied with the sentence of the edi
tor of the Volcano and has appealed to the
Supreme Court in an endeavor to obtain
a heavier sentence.
WOULD INCREASE SENTENCE.
panga province. In September, 1S89.
Among other charges brought against
him was that he commanded the Filipino
force at San Mateo which killed General
Henry W. Lawton. December 18, 1899. This
the prisoner denied.
Lately about $8000 of Chambers' money
was missing. -. He wanted to use it -and
could not remember where he had hidden
it. He lives with his nephew, Samuel
Taylor* whose family made an energetic
search to recover the money. This week
they cleaned out an old cellar and found
the cash beneath some jars of preserved
fruit.
For some reason Chambers is unwilling
to turn his funds over to younger mem
bers of the family for safekeeping. When
he dies the entire place will have to be
ransacked to recover money he has se
creted. . . • •
Chambers a year ago buried $S00 and
six months elapsed before he could re
call where he had placed it. Last winter
he offered a lady in Yakima City his
cashbox, asking her to invest his money.
She declined and it is almost certain he
then hid it away. He has always been
afraid of banks. At another time he hid
away $6000- in cash, . which was subse
quently found by men digging pestholes.
They knew of his failing and promptly
returned the money.- • . '
TACOMA, May 2.— During the last year
Thomas Jefferson • Chambers has buried
915,000 in gold coin and greenbacks at
Yakima. City and then forgot where he
deposited the, money. Chambers is 70
.years old and has been gradually losing
his memory. I
lars and Cannot Find
; X the Coin. •
Aged Han Caches Thousands of Dol-
FORGETS THE LOCATION
OF HIS BURIED" WEALTH
PEKING, May 2.— A detachment of sol
ditrs belonging t6 the troops of General
Yuan Shi Kai, the Governor of Chill pro
vince! iecently lost sixty men killed while
attempting, to quell an anti-indemnity up
rising near the border of Honan province.
General Yuan Shi Kal is sending three
regiments to destroy the towns in the
neighborhood of the scene of the fighting.
PARIS, May 2.— The Foreign Office here
has received a dispatch from Peking con-
Hi ming the report that a Jesuit priest,
named Le Mouler, has been murdered in
the province of Chili. His head was taken
to Yuen Chen and hung on a tree.
Put Down Anti-Indemnity
Uprising.
Governor of Chili Province Strives to
LOSES SIXTY MEN
IN FIGHTING' REBELS
In 1S8S Britt became the head of the
publishing company. He was still the
mainspring or" this business when he fell
through a hatchway three floors and
was. so badly hurt as to be unable -to at
tend to his work. He was forced to sell
out at a loss.. One by one things went
wrong.; Finally he fell in with the crim
inal element and in due time gravitated
to the "levee."
Adrian Britt was- the son of a Louisi
ana merchant, who died, leaving an es
tate, of 51,000,000. In 1874 he got control
of the Jacksonville Union. He was an
active spirit in the effort to wrest the
control of 'the State ° from the Repub
licans. When the Hayes-Tilden cam
paign was at its height Britt's paper
was the most powerful organ in Florida.
At the time the electoral vote of the
State hung in doubt he was looked upon
as holding -the key 'to the situation.
Clarkson M. Potter was a personal
friend of Britt, and the Jacksonville Un
ion conceded the election in the State to
the Republicans. Influence was created
which led to the delivery of the votes
to President-elect Hayes. The result
was that instead of Tilden being elected,
enough electoral votes had been swung
over to Hayes to elect him President by
a majority of one.
From that time Britt'a. career took /a
downward course. His- paper lost pres
tige. He sold it.. went to Washington,
and secured employment in the Govern
ment secret service. Afterward, in New
York he was one ofthe publishers of the
Bankers' Magazine, and In 1884 started
the American Bankers' Mutual. This
failed and he became an advertising
agent of the New York Tribune.
CHICAGO, May 2.— Adrian Britt, at
one s time editor and publisher *of the
Jacksonville (Fla.) Union, and in 1SS8
president of the Lcmo Publishing Com
pany" of Chicago, died at Dunning poor
house Tuesday, The body will be buried
in the potter's Held. Britt was arrested
a sjiort :time ago for drunkenness, bur
his condition Was such that he was re
moved to Dunning.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
You come, here to-night from every quarter —
from every State of the Union — from ! the isl
ands of the Eastern seas. The ' republic has
put up its flag in those islands anil the flag
will etay there. May we now show, our fealty;
to the great men Who did the great deeds of
the past, not. alone by word, but* by deed, by
so shaping the policy of this great republic as
to make it evident that we are Tiot unworthy
of our sires. /They did justice, and we will do
Justice. ..Thoy did Justice as strong men and
net as weaklings.
With righteousness must go strength to
rnakf that righteousness of avail. And in the
names of the mighty men of the past I a*k
each man here to do his part in seeing that
this nation ' remains true in. deed as well as
word to the ideals of the past; to remember
that we can no more afford to show weakness
than we can afford to oo wrong. . Where wrong
has been done by any one the> wrong-doers have
been; punished, but we shall not halt in| our
great work because come man has happened to
do wrong, v Honor to the statesmen of the past,
and may the ' statesmen of the present strive
to live, up to ; the example they set. honor to
the army and i navy of the past and honor to
tha gallant Americans wearing the uniform of
tin American republic, who in the army and
ravy of the present uphold gloriously the most
glorious . traditions of the past. ¦
.. To-day, I have, been down to Annapolis to see
the graduating class of the Naval 'Academy and
it would -have done your hearts good to have
seen those • fine/ manly, upstanding young fel
lows that looked every man straight in the face
without flinching. We may be sure that tha
honor of the republic is. safe in their hands.
I was glad to meet those young fellows to-day.
I am. glad to meet representatives of. the navy".
lik<? you. Admiral Watson, and of the army,
like. you. General Brecklnridge. I am glad
that we as -Americans have cause to be. \ proud
of the army and the navy of the United States.
I. ask you now to join me in drinking the
health of. the men who in the past have upheld
the honor of the flag and of their successors,
the soldiers and sailors of the present, who,
during the past few years, have done such
splendid work in ; the inconceivably dangerous
an,1- harnyelng warfare of the Eastern tropics.
I thank you. fellow Americans; I thinfc"~you
make it evident that you Intend the flag shall
"Stay put."
WASHINGTON, May 2.— A banquet at
the New Willard Hotel to-night, attended
by. "nearly 400 persons, brought. the annual
congress of the Sons of the- American
Revolution to a close. The occasion was
made notable by the presence of Presi
dent Roosevelt, himself a compatriot, who
delivered a felicitous speech. The Presi
dent said in part: ' : «
Man Who Caused Defeat of
\ Tilden Dies in a ..
'~Xk
Tropics and Says Flag
: Will "Stay Put."
Alludes to Warfare in Eastern
Revolution.
President Talks to Sons
of the American .
Adrian Britt Passes From
L'fe to Potter's
PRAISES ARMY
AND THE NAVY
DISGRACE ENDS
NOTED CAREER
THE SAN FBANCiSCC^ CALI^ SATtrRDAY, MAY 3, 1902.
firs. Burdeite Withdraws From i he Contest for the
Presidency of the Women's Clubs.
MRS. DENISON OF NE W YORK
WILL HEAD THE FEDERATION
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Thai
Tired Feeling
Is a Common Spring Trouble.
It's a sign that the blood is deficient
in vitality, just as pimples and other ;
eruptions are'signs that the blood is im-
pure.
It's a warning, too, which only the
hazardous fail to heed.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Remove it, give new life, new cour--
age, strength and animation.
They cleanse the blood and clear the
complexion. '
Accept no substitute. /.
Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keeps the promise.
OCEAN TRAVEL. ,
U. S. MAIL ROUTE.
Ws®&®*- SAILINGS.
XORTHEM COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch its flrst-class steamers, carrying
-United States mails, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows: ' \ ,
From San Francisco- •
S. P. DORA.. TUESDAY, May ZU
S. S. ST. PAUL.. '...June ."
Sj S. PORTLAND. July 1
From Seattle.
3. S. OHIO JureS
S. S. INDIANA June 7
v Connecting at Nome with steamer* Saidle.
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting 'at St!
Michael with the company's river steamer* for
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
• • 645 Market St.. San Francisco,
Or ; EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO
Puget Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
TOYO IISEN KAISHA.
Ct TEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
*-' ner First and Branaan streets, at l'n m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling at
Kobe (Htogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing. . '
SS. .NIPPON MARU Friday. May Oth VXf
SS. AMERICA MARU
¦' • -Wednesday, June 4tn"*1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
-............/...Saturday. June 28th.""lJHtt
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates < For
freight and passage apply at company's of flee
421 Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
\J$amburg-&merican.
I twin-screw' express service
j PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
! A. Victoria.....: May 22 IColurnbla .. June "5
j F. Bismarck.... May 29|DeutschIand !.Juntl2
| TWIS-SCREW l ASSENCJER SERVICE
I PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMEURG
j Patricia ...;.:. May 13! Waldersee May->0
Klautschou-....May 13[Pennsylvania.. May 27
Hamburg-American Line, 37 li'wav. N Y
HERZOG & CO.; General Agents Tor Pacific
Coast.' 401 California at.. S»n Francisco. \'
C0MPAQN1S GEHBRALS TRAHSATLAHTIOUZ
DIRECT. LINE TO "HAVRE-PARIS. -1
Sailing every Thursday, instead oC 4KT&
Saturday,, at 10 a. m.. irom Piur 4-\ SStfatS
North River, foot, of. Morton street. ¦¦,'
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
S ™ to^ H S. vre> -* 45 and -upward. GENERAL'
NC .I , FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, o2 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. -i FUGAZI . & CO., ' Pacific ' Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
DR. PIEHCE'S REMEDIES.
When the story of Chinese atrocities
filled the papers and shocked the world,
it was the women who drew the pity and
sympathy of all. Doubtless many a wife
who heard her husband's words of sym-
pathy for these women thonght with a
pang, of the blindness of men to the suf-
fering nnder their very eyes. It is true.
The suffering of women in China was
severe but short. Many a wife suffers
for years with a daily agony of pain, her
nerves shattered, her strength almost
gone, and never hears p. word of sym-
pathy.
To women such as these Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription brings the oppor-
tunity of a new life of health and happi-
ness. It establishes regularity, dries the
drains which weaken women, heals in-
flammation and ulceration, and cures
female weakness. It makes weak women
strong end sick women weil. Accept no
eabstitute for the medicine which works
wonders for weak women.
T had fsiling of internal organs and hid to
" £o to bed ercry month ; h«d irregular periods,
¦w-h ich would sometimes last ten or twelve days,"
•writes Mrs. Alice L. Holmes, of Coolspring- St..
Uniossterwn. Pa. ¦ Had also indigestion so bad
that I cculd hardlv eat anything. Dr. Pierce'*
Favorite Prescription and • Golden Medical Dis-
covery" cured me. I toot three bottles of the
' Favorite Prescription * and oae of the 'Golden
Medical Discovery.' "
Sick people are invited to consult Dr..
Pierce, by letter, free: All correspond-
ence is held as strictly- private and
sacredly confidential. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce,"Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse
the bowels and stimulate the sluggish
liver. ¦ Ji" -
OCEA3ST TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 -w Steamers leave Broadway
W&fc- Wharf. San Francisco:
pSKj&JC,- For Ketchlkan. Jun?au.
KP^i-i'vJU-*. Skaguay. etc.. Alaska — It a.
jSTSr^J^Sl ™.. May 6, 11. 10, 21. 2S. 31.
j&2^£*|V4g June 5. Chanze to eom-
flbSK*d££3iki P an >"' 9 steamers at Seattle.
P^"*EShHH5 For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
, * "^!^ coma, Everett. New "What-
com— 11 a. m.. May 6. 11, 16. 21. 2C, SI. Juna
5. Change at Seattle to this Company' a
steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry. ; at Seattle
oc Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
May 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara. —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. ¦
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a.m.
For Los Angeles ' (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa. Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San' Simeon. Cayuccs. San Lois Obispo
(via Port Harforu). Ventura, Hueneme am}
•Newport (*Bonita only).
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. May 6. 14, 22. 30, Juno 7.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. May 10, 18, 26. June 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena. Bay. San Jose de!
Cabo. Mazatlao. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Hex.) — 10 a. m., 7tl* each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is/reserv««i to change steamers or sail-
In? date*.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). • . '
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
I 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
—FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA - JUNE ! T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
r.ew and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. •For passenger rates and Nom«
folder, apply Tlcfcat Office. 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. .Gen. Agents.
. 10/Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R.&N-CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets lo All
F feints, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
"IiOIVEST JFC.A.'X'ZErS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS.'COLUMBIA Sails May 3, 13. 23. June 2
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails May 8. 18. 23
Bteamer sails from foot of Spear St. 11 a.m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
PACIFIC STEAKL NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South* American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m. ...
GUATEMALA*. May 14[COLOMBIA ...June 21
PALENA May 31ITUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasenger office. SIB California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oeeaBics,s.co.iH5"
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. May 4. 10 a. m.
S3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
.....Saturday. May 10. 2 p. bC"
SS. VENTURA.' for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
' land and Sydney. .Thurs:. May 22. 10 a. m.
J. D. SPEECKELS & BEOS. CO., GfilSial AZtl, 323 Marfct
Gen'l Pass. OSes, Kai&st si, Pier So. 7. Pacific St.
PANAMA R, R.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin,- $103; Steerase. 940; Meals Tree.
S. S. Argyll...... sails Thursday, May 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday, May 10
From Harrison-at. "WTjarf. Pier 16. at 3 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
. F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Philadel..May 7, 10 am St. Louis. May 21. 10 am
St. Paul.May 14. 10 amtPhiladel.May 28. 10 am,
RED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Friesland..May 7. noonlVaderlad.May 21. noon
South wk... May 14. noon [Kenslngn. May 23 noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.O.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y 3t.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamers GEN. F1ISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:43 a. m.. 3:15 arii 8:30 4. "to., except Sun-
day Sunday. 0:45 i. m.. 8:30 p.- m. Leaves
\allejo,7 a. . m., : 1SU0 . noon. 6 p. m. r except
Sunday. Sunday.* I. m.,. 4:15. p. m. Fare 50
cenis. Telephone Main 1608. Landing and
office. • pier 2. Mlstion-street dock. HATCH
BUGS. lamnajBUDnpaiMpr 1
¦ ¦
COMPOUND
Thousands of Physicians, Men
and Women of Note and Posi-
tion, and People In Humbler
Circumstances Say It
Is Unequal8d asa^
Spring Medicine.
A Prominent Business Han Saved
Prom Nervous Prostration.'
It Is by true merit, and true merit
alone, that Paine's Celery Compound has
•won its wondrous popularity in every part
of the civilized worlcl.
"When all other, medicines fall, when tba
best directed efforts of physicians accom-^
plish but little for the banishing of des-
perate diseases, Paine's Celery Compound
saves Hfe and restores health. ,
It Is natural, therefore, that men and
women saved from the perils and dangers
of nervous diseases, rheumatism, neural-
gia and blood troubles should acquaint
their friends— the sick and well— of what
was accomplished for them fey Paine's
Celery- Compound. In this way the glad
tidinga oi prompt and effectual cures
have beenspread from day to day to tha
remotest towns and villages, and the
blessed work of life saving progresses in
every direction.
One of the most remarkable cures of re-
cent, years effected by Pairie's Celery
Compound is the case of Mr. "Wyan Nel-
son, president of the Nelson Grain Co. of
Kansas City. Mo. With intense gratituda
and thankfulness Mr. Nelson writes a3
follows:
"I was nervous, despondent, irritable,
had no appetite, could not sleep and had
night sweats. My physicians said I_ was
threatened with nervous i/rostratlon, anJ
advised a rest from business. However,
on the recompaendation of my partner, I
commenced using Paine's Celery Com-
pound, and to-day I am as sound as a
dollar, eat well, sleep well and am not at
all nervous."
DIAMOND DYES gives faster and bright-
er colors than any other dyes.
.< T < t"X>' §m /"'-..You actually get the nutritious ||| I
y^ySf ii| and health giving: properties of J|b j
tne f ru i ts and grain in your morn- G$&
f^" '' "^@l in S CU P of Figprune. Jlr
\54%FrUiH§L Looks like coffee Mf
fir A JnagsJaL Tastes like coffee j®W
y^jg»L Better than coffee J$W
Wa aqia!^aiBaiiuug^'^^''^^^^^Boil 5 to 10 minutes <^di£&r
AlJ GrocensBAKERSFIELD CITIZENS WHO HAVE CHARGE OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE*ST REET /FAIR.
Advance Gu a rd of
Visitors Is Ar
riving.
SANTA CRUZ, May 2.— The grand trus
tees of the' Nntive Sons have elected
Judge M. T. I>ooling of Fremont Parlor,
Holllster, president, and Joseph R. Know
land of Halcyon Parlor, Alameda, secre
tary. Nearly all of the Grand Parlor del
egates have returned to their homes. :
Grand Trustees Elect Officers.
¦ •-¦.•¦ . j. *•>
to-mofrow -night with a message] from
President Roosevelt.
CORONATION \ FEATURES.
The programme for the evening will be
as follows r
1.—Queen's coronation hymn by the
band. . ,
2.— Coronation of the queen by little
Florence Crossman and Gladys Taylor.
3.— Queen confers the honor of knight
hood upon her prime minister.
- 4.— Prime minister .reads ' the queen's
proclamation. ,. ¦ J -;¦
5.— Reception. of message of congratula
tion from President Roosevelt.
6.— President of Board of Trustees, as
sisted. by the president of the carnival
and general manager, presents a golden
key, giving the freedom of the city to the
queen and her court:
7.— President Gunther and members of
the executive committee and president of
the honorary advisory board pay their re
spects to the, queen and are granted an
audience.
8.— The queen confers the honor of
knighthood upon the president of the car
nival. - • . : ,
9.— Band selection. ' ¦ • ..
10.— Free refined vaudeville show, under
the direction of Archie Levy_pf San Fran
cisco, including the following sensational
acts: The crest cycle .whirl;. the Leandros,
acrobats and- head balancers; the Leons,
aerial wonders; Paul Lecroix; the tramp
.Juggler: De Boe. the upsidedown man.
11.— Band selection. The queen and court
leave the throne.
Streets Take on
Colors of the
Carnival^ |i
will be an all-land winter -trail* to White
Horse. It will cost | over $100,000 and • will
be finished in autumn. Sixty miles of tho,
river, is open.. TKe last maihfrom .Nome
over the ice, arrived 'last 'night, en; route
to Seattle and proceeded' to-day..'-.
SAN ' DIEGO, May 2.-Rev. II. B. 1 Res
tarick of this city, who was tendered the
position ; of Bishop of Honolulu, has de
clded'.to send in his : formal' acceptance.
The consecration probably will take place
in this city. . ,, , : :
Accepts Honolulu Bishopric. .
; PORTLAND,^ Or., r May 2.— Articles of
incorporation "• have been "filed with the
County Clerk c of the . Great Central Rail
road* Company,: with a capital ' stock 1 of
$10,000,000. The -incorporators are J.'. Tho
burn Ross, John K.-Kollock and John E.
Aehesoivall of Portland," but it is. under
stood' that: Eastern capital", is = back of
the • movement.' The', articles of incor
poration 1 state .that : the oropoaed railroad,
with ¦•. its ¦ eastern terminus: at , Salt ; Lake
City, r. will "i run > through : Utah ,- Idaho and
Oregonto Coos Bay," on the Pacific Coast.
The Etnpire Construction * Company, was
Incorporated to-day with; $1,000,000 capital.
It; is .understood ¦ that; the construction
company is. organized, for the- purpose of
building the Great-' Central -Railroad, v v
Central.
Termini of ,the Great
Salt Lake City, and Coos Bay; Will, Be
RAILWAY THROUGH UTAH,
IDAHO AND OREGON
WOODS IS NOMINATED
TO SUCCEED HIMSELF
Cured Fruit Association. Members
Favor Continuance of the
Organization.
SAN JOSE, May 2.— At the nominating
convention of the California Cured Fruit
Association to-day F. M. Woods
was renomlnated for president to
Kucceed himself and all of the
directors were named for re-election
H. P. Stabler of Tuba City was named to
fill the vacancy in the •directory. The
meeting was harmonious and the nomina
tions were by acclamation.
Those in attendance met In mass-meet
ing after the adjournment and discussed
the association and Its future. A commit
tee of eleven was named to act with the
board of directors In revising the by-laws.
The board will meet to-morrow. The re
sult of the meeting shows: .
First— That the growers are a unit for
co-operative effort on some line.
Second— That If the California Cured
Fruit Association Is to continue, it must
bp made less cumbersome.
Third— That whatever organization Is
attempted. It must be able to obtain ad
vances for growers who may need money
when their fruit is delivered.
The majority of the growers favor the
continuance of the association.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, May 2.— A special dispatch
from Dawson says: Rampart advices of
April 15 state that the food supply there
has been reduced to the scantiest amount
necessary to keep the camp until the r^ver
opens. The warehouses are all empty,
oil, candles, cereals, sugar, potatoes,
bacon, ham, lard, canned fruits and vege
tables having been sold. The spring out
fits for the mines will strip the stores.
There is no danger of any suffering, but
the Bhortage Is prompting all to buy, and
a general scramble will result.
Other Yukon points are well stocked.
A temporary wire over the Ice from Gib
bon to Rampart is being placed on land,
and telegraph connection with Nome and
St. Michaels will be retained.
A Gibbon dispatch says: A river man,
not further identified, was burned to death
there in a cabin. Black Sullivan was seri
ously burned.
Judge Wickcrsham has wired, an in
junction against sluicing Four A, one of
the Banner Glen claims, and appointed
the Rampart Marshal receiver of the
ground disputed. Ottawa instructs that
the Dawson gold export tax be fixed at
2% per cent. The royalty was 5.
The territorial engineer will begin on
Monday a survey of 300 miles of new road,
and a winter trail, two-thirds of which
j Constable. Stingley said" to-day that he
knew ; his ,man, but ho to -' give
; his. -name,-; saying, -however. - that ; he
would •' arrest " him .* before : - ano ther • ¦ day
passed.; ; ' .. , •-¦.".,
: .'After i waiting some time for. the third
man. the .robber became impatient . and
started out after him, warning the men
in .the cellar not. to attempt to leave: •
.Bollin and "his; clerk remained in -'. the
cellar, for what seemed to : them ; hours.
Finally, - , hearing nothing. ;• they, crept
out and: soon ; spread the report of the*at
tempted crime.' .To Constable - Stingley
they gave an ; excellent * description ¦ of the
robber,; whom; they » believed ¦ they^ recog- ;
nized, in Hpite of .the mask he wore.'- The
cool,; familiar., manner, in which he con
ducted .himself /.would indicate that ", he
was a mans experienced at; the
However,; he was not . a : stranger, ."as "he
was familiar not only with- the. town,;, but
.with? the^ interior of, the* store. t>-'
The highwayman ordered the merchant
and his clerk into the cellar and ; gave
them instructions to stay there -under
penalty of - death If either attempted to
climb out. He waited some time for the
bookkeeper, but the latter did not ap
pear. Subsequent investigation -, brought
out the fact that the bookkeeper had not
been thoroughly, . aroused, and while .he
was wondering. whether. or not he should
arise he went >, to sleep again. i. ¦ : - . ,
The highwayman then compelled Bol
lin to lead the -way to the residence: of
this clerk,: who was awakened and told
to dress and join; them. -He was marched
to the store wjth Bollin. -The clerk, too,
protested his ignorance of the , combina
tion, claiming it was known by the book
keeper only. The robber was a determined
fellow, for he made 'the . two men march
ahead of. him i to- the '¦ home of the book
keeper, who ; was awakened and i told* to
dress 1 and ... come to the store. The trio
then, marched back to the, store to wait
for. him. ¦¦ -, :
.About 1 o'clock this morning Bollin was
awakened by a rapping on his front door
and was told that Constable Stingley
wanted to see him. at his store, as there
was something wrong. Bollin hurried into
his clothes and started S for the store.
Whan about half way thither he was sud
denly stopped by a masked man with a
revolver, who told him to lead the way to
the, store and there to open the safe. Bol
lin asserted that he did not know the com
bination, but was nevertheless ; compelled
to go. At the store the highwayman
made numerous - threats, but Bollin' s
nerve held out and he protested vehe
mently that the combination was known
to one of his clerks only.
•'¦ FRESNO, May 2.— The boldest bit of
criminality ever attempted by. a desperado
in this county was reported at the Sher
iff's office to-day by Constable Samuel
Stingley of Reedley. The' victim of the
desperado was Henry Bollin, a: mer
chant. ' / • r .\ • ¦'' .-.'. :
g Special Dispatch to The Call.
The fire started in the dry house below
where the miners , hang their clothing
after coming off -¦ shift. . Some ¦ garments
came In contact with a stove and started
the ,fire. • '¦¦ ' ¦¦ - ¦¦ '..¦:¦¦¦--:' - ,--.' J •¦
Mead is an ex-Sheriff of Sierra 'County
and a former State Senator. He has re
cently held a position in the Mint at San
l<ranclsco. He is one of the well known
Democratic State politicians and a prom
inent member of the IroquoisClub. . ¦-.'- I
Walter Black, another miner,: did -r not
take the window route, but .ventured
through smoke and- flames, finally making
his way to the ground. When rescued he
was in a pitiable condition. After having
escaped ho was bewildered and in his
dazed condition wandered back Into the
burning building to secure some personal
effects. Miners finally rescued him. The
other, six miners were' more or less in
jured.-, •¦-.', .- ¦- . ¦' • -• ¦-•;' ¦ ">;.-', ¦'¦¦¦• • ';.
.Goff, without taking time to attire him
self, rushed through the aisles, awakening
the men. Mead and Thomas Hotting were
reached by flames before they : could es
cape by the stairs. Botting jumped
through a window to the ground twenty
feet below. His night clothes were on fire,
but by this time aid had arrived from
Sierra City and Botting was rolled on the
ground to smother the flames. Besides re
ceiving burns he had' badly Injured one
leg in Jumping. Mead has burns about the
face, body and head. His condition is se
rious. . ' .- ¦.•¦¦• .- , : • . -.
With Goff, Mike H. Mead, one of the
largest stockholders! In the property, and
six other miners were peacefully slumber
ing in bunks in the upper story of a build-,
ing used as a combination dry house and
sleeping quarters. At the hour named
Goff felt the stifling effects of smoke and
arose from his bed and looked out of the
window. The entire building was envel
oped in names. • • . '
NEVADA CITY, May 2.-That eight
men were not incinerated this morning at
2 o'clock was due entirely to the acciden
tal awakening of Peter GofT, one of the
men employed at the Keystone mine, one
mile from Sierra City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 2.— The insti
gators of the peasant riots in the Voronej
and Uharkoff governments, : who succeed
ed in bringing. the former serfs and land
owners into collision by circulating the
report ; , that . the Czar had ordered the
lands of; the nobles to be divided among
the emancipated serfs,- prove to be identi
cal with the organizers of the student
movement here. ; , . -/
After the student agitation was stopped
the Dress bureau turned its attention to
South Russia and < the "underground"
press and turned out thousands of bogus
proclamations, with the Czar's forged sig
nature attached to * them, directing the
peasants to partition the nobles' land 'and
distribute | their goods among themselvea.
The proclamation set forth that the peas
ants should disregard the t officials, who
would,, probably .interfere,":, as., the- latter
always tried to thwart . the Czar's | will.
. Labor, troubles have broken out at No
vorossisk, on, the east coast of the Black
Sea. Nearly all the southern mines and
steel mills have been closed the v whole
winter and . the . laborers returned to their
native villages," where they are now swell-
Ing the "ranks of, the famine-stricken.
; It. is reported ¦ that- fifty-seven military
officers; have- been- arrested here. '
LONDON, May 3.— A dispatch received
by Reutor's Telegraph' Company from St.
Petersburg, dated., April 30, says: = The
most serious feature of the political situ
ation is the growing disinclination of the
ti oops to act against the people. Punish
ment has already, been dealt out to 800
men of the Sumay Regiment for refusing
recently, to fire on" the rioters at Moscow.
They, have been transferred to service in
various remote provinces.
A detachment of marines stationed here
will, it is said, be disciplined in the same
manner for similar action at the time of
the student riots In March. ¦
Eight Men Have a Nar
row Escape Near
, Sierra City.
All Warehouses at Ram
part in the North
Are Empty.
Refusal to Fire Upon
Rioters Causes Pun
• ishment.
Summons Merchant to
His Own Store to Be
Robbed.
MINERS DASH
FROM FLAMES
FOOD IS SCANT
IN GOLD FIELDS
ROBBER'S NERVE
HAS NO LIMIT
ings of Bakersfleld. Across the
main business thoroughfares float banners
BAKERSFIELD, May 2.— The last
twenty-four hours have worked
a wonderful change in the ap
pearance of the streets and build-
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
The grandstand, which has been com
pleted except for the decorations, is pro
nounced entirely, safe by competent en
gineers and the work of dressing it in
LARGE CROWDS COMING.
the width of the sidewalk with bunting
in the festival colors, strung on an over
head arch.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 2.— The lumber
schooner Amethyst, which turned turtle
in the February storm off the Oregon
coast, her master and crew losing their
lives, has been saved by George Bishop, a
contractor of this city. She drifted on
Village Island, on the west coast, and
Bishop and his men righted her and ara
now repairing the vessel. She is not bad
ly damaged. *^- ; ";> ¦¦'¦''¦-•'¦
Schooner Amethyst Saved.
Queen Theresa to
Be Crowned
To-Night.
TROOPS SUFFER
FOR SYMPATHY
Already it is noticeable that-Bakersfleld
is filling up with strangers and it is ex
pected there will be a crush.'. Reports
that ' come from all points of the State
as to the crowds that will be here con
tinue to encourage the promoters and It
is believed this city will never- have seen
so many strangers as will come and go
during carnival week.
The wire was strung to-day from the
Western j Union office to the ' grandstand,
where the fiesta will be formally opened
gala attire has been commenced. The
bandstand across the street> also is re
ceiving the attention of the decorators.
Early this morning linemen began "string
ing electric lights across the main thor
oughfares and this work will'' have been
completed before to-morrow evening,
when the city will be ablaze with light
in the colors of the fiesta. •
The most attractive booth yet erected i3
that of the country store, put -up under
the auspices of the Eagles and whose
signs and legends are causing not a lit
tle merriment. The entire half-block from
Hughes' corner to Wall street is covered
and streamers . and the* fronts" of nearly
all of the business houses have beer, at
tractively decorated. This work is still
in progress and before to-morrow even-
Ing brick and stone will have been lost
in the maze of carnival colors. Booths
are being reared by merchants and show
men and the streets are fast becoming
a tented city unto themselves. Many of
the smaller shows are being located on
K street, Chester avenue and Nineteenth
street being largely reserved for the busi
ness concerns.
Captain George E. Leslie registered at
the Occidental Hotel from Boston on
March 26 of this year. He remained there
until April 3 and later returned and stayed
at the hotel from April 15 to 17. Ho
claimed that he was formerly an officer in
the army and that he had seen service in
the Philippines. A few days before he
left the Occidental for the last time he
exhibited a large sum in gold. A few
nights ago the police took -a supposedly
forged check to the clerks of the hotel
and compared the .writing with Leslie's
signature on the hotel register. There
was a close resemblance. ;.*¦¦>,>.; Cf
I am amazed at the reporU I have received
of what has been done on the streets. I
thought that there would be some innocent
fun, but it ne\-er occurred to me that It
would be possible for hoodlumlsm to run
rampant, as I am Informed it did at times on
tprinc street. I have been Informed that the
permit which has been riven has been grocsly
• bused. An order, therefore, will be issued
to the Police Department to stop the throwing
cf confetti en the streets hereafter aad this
cider will be etrlctly observed. It is unfor
tunate that hoodlums should by their actions
naki this course necessary, but from what I
bave learned I am convinced that the peace
of the city and the safety of pedestrian* de
mand the rigid enforcement of the ordinance.
In addition to the objectionable con
fetti throwing a variety of Instruments
were brought Into use for the purpose of
making noise and annoying pedestrians.
Borne of these instruments, captured by
the police, were found to be extremely
dangerous.
Mayor Snyder said to-day In regard to
the order forbidding the throwing of con
fetti:
Orders were to-day Issued by Mayor
Fnyder that the throwing of confetti on
the streets during the fiesta be stopped
by the police. Hoodlumism ran riot on
the streets last night, and the Immense
crowds were more than the police could
handle. Tens of thousands of people went
out to view the electric illumination and
listen to the band concerts, and the side
walks were packed to the curbing with a
solid mass of humanity, all bent on hav
ing a good time. Twenty policemen were
on duty between Temple and Fifth
streets, but they were helpless against
the mob.
HOODLUMS CAUSE TROUBLE.
The honor of the day. however, rests
with the Los Angeles Fire Department.
Euch a. prodigal use of flowers and the
beautiful and artistic form of their ar
rangement earned for the fire boys the
heartiest applause accorded any of the
divisions. .
The innovation of having a woman for
grand marshal proved a popular one. Mrs.
George L. Cole, who had the place of
honor, was mounted on a handsome black
charger. She wore a stunning riding
habit of black, trimmed in gold, while her
mount was decorated with yellow flowers.
Her aids were twenty young women,
chosen from among the best horsewomen
of Southern California's "Four Hun
dred."
Picturesquely clad v&queros and caballe
rofi headed the Chinese section, lending
a touch of early California life to the pa
rade.
The Chinese section, with its wealth of
color* and the great dragon, attracted
much attention, as did the automobile
section. '
The delegates to the triennial camp of
the Supreme Court of the Independent
Order of Foresters made up one division,
""hey were led by their band and the
prize marching company of the order. Be
hind the marchers came Grand Chief
Oronhyatekha and the other grand of
ficers in carriages.
One of the most elaborately decorated
vehicles was a victoria occupied by Mrs.
Rebecca Douglas Lowe, president of the
General Federation of Women's Clubs,
and Miss Jessie Benton Fremont, daugh
ter of General J. C. Fremont. Mrs. Lowe
was the recipient of an enthusiastic re
ception at every point.
FEATURES OF THE PARADE.
Through avenues of brightly robed
buildings and walks lined by the entire
population of the city for two hours the
parade wended its way to the point of re
view and disbanding. Every detail was
carried out in an orderly and systematic
manner, and not an untoward incident
occurred to mar the perfection of the
tvhole. From the time the grand marshal,
llrs.. George I* Cole, and her charmingly
gowned and splendidly mounted aids
made their start at • Sixth and Main
streets until the fire laddies brought up
the rear and disbanded at First and
Broadway there was continuous applause
for the many beautiful features.
LOS ANGELES. May 2.— As If to do
special honor to thousands of guests
within her gates, Los Angeles to-day sus
pended the more serious affairs of life and
devoted her energies lo a display of na
ture's floral blessings. It was the occa
sion of the annual parade of La Fiesta de
las Flores, and it eclipsed ail those that
have gone before— at least that is the
opinion of Los Angeles. Even the bien
nial convention of the General Federation
of "Women's Clubs and the triennial con
vention of the Supreme Court of Forest
ere forsook the business that had brought
their delegates across the continent and
joined either the favored ones on parade
or the happy thousands' thai watched and
applauded.
Constable Downing, who returned this
evening after a two days' hunt in Stm
Francisco and Oakland, brought back the
information that Llttell spent the winter
months In Honolulu.
Returning in March, he passed under the
name of Captain George E. Leslie • and
since his return has stopped at the Occi
dental Hotel in .San Francisco and the
Metropole in Oakland. An Oakland young
lady whom be met on the steamer gave
the Constable much information concern
ing him. From her it was learned that
Littell intended going to Portland.
WOMAN" GIVES A CLEW.
Littel! undoubtedly came to Suisun to
conduct hl3 line of business on an exten
sive scale, but before he could carry out
bis plans he was recognized by a' local
resident who had met him in Healdsburz
two years ago. When Llttell learned that
he was known he took a hasty departure.
Answering a hurried summons to meet
his New York attorney in San Francisco,
Littell gave Edwards a worthless sight
draft on the National Shoe and Leather
Bank' of New York in payment for $30
advanced. An answer to a telegram to
that institution revealed the true charac
ter of the stranger, and as a result a war
rant was issued charging Llttell with ob
taining money under f alse pretenses.
During his brief visit here Llttell spent
money freely and ended by contracting
for the purchase of Robbins* 900-acre or
chard for $300,000, the deal to be closed by
May 1. Before leaving, however, he ar
ranged for the expenditure of an addi
tional (40,000 on Improvements on tha
place. • ,
DEALS IN BIG FIGTJBES.
SUISUN, May 2,-George E. Leslie, who
styled himself George E. Llttell and posed
as a New York millionaire* came to Sul
sun on April 4 and registered at the Ar
lington Hotel. The next day he visited
"W. H. Edwards, manager of the Hatch
orchard in Suisun Valley, owned by K. D.
Bobbins. Edwards had met Llttell while
in New York a little over a year ago and
journeyed homeward across the continent
in the tatter's company. Llttell' s gentle
manly demeanor and his display of many
credentials convinced Edwards that tha
man was all he claimed.
PORTLAND, May 2.-Georga E. l.«ili«
was arrested here to-night on a charge of
forgery, on the telegraphic request o£
Charles H. Downing, Constable of Sulsun,
Cal.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call. T
Cashes Check That Is
Worthlesa
Poses as a Millionaire and
brilliant Precession Threads
the Thoroughfares of
the Angel City.
Woman Acts as Grand
Marshal of Fiesta
Pageant.
Portland .Police Capture
Man Wanted in
BEAUTY LEADS
FLORAL PARADE
WOMAN'S CLEW
ENTRAPS LESLIE
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT WILL BE THE SIGNAL
FOR THE FORMAL OPENING OF BAKERSFIELD'S STREET FAIR
THE S^ FRA^
3
the most agreeable and rerresning
water, alone or mixed with wine, etc.
Its moderate alkalinity admirably
counteracts the effects of wine and
JL r'THE QUEEN. OF TABLE WATERS."
A 'PVTrRT TR ' F -' lv rT i v WTT ' H - . . -'
MARCONI WIRELESS
TELEGRAPH CO;
( OF AMERICA
has been organized to control the Marconi system of wireless telegraphy '
and all inventions and patents relating; theretoin the United States
of America, and Cuba, Porto Rico, the Hawaiian Islands, the ; ;
Fhilippine Islands, Alaska, the Aleutian Islands,
and all ships under the American flag.
of the $6,650,000 total Capital Stock of
MARCONI WIRELESS TELEGRAPH CO. OF AMERICA
is hereby offered at 65, par value 100.
¦ ¦••¦-..-
The above Is the only public issue that will be made, and shares
will be allotted in the order applications are received, but we re-
serve the right to allot or reject any subscription in whole or
Of this capital stock $500,000 has been placed in the treasury of
the Ccmpany for, future requirements.
We offer the shares at $65 each, but reserve the right'ta advance*
the price without notice. '-:>.'
Payments to be made :
r , $J0 per share to accompany application, to be returned if sharew-
are not allotted;
$55 per share on allotment, when'csrtificates will be issued by the
Morton Trust Co.
E. ROLLINS MORSE & BRO.,
: / 6 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
>' - 43 STATE STREET, BOSTON.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS^
WTLLTS E0ISETERBETT3. . H. H. MoCLURB,
FREDERIC H/ BETTS, - Of th* S.S. McClure Company.
Of Betts,'Bett^; Sheffield xndBetts, Lawyers. JOHN J. McCDOK,
JOHN. W. GRIGGS. Of Alexander & Greco, Lawyers: j^
;" Ex Attorney-General of ths U. S. G. MARCONI, '-Hi '¦¦
SAMUEL INSTILL, Inventor of the Marconi System.
President of the Chicago Ediscn Company. E. RCLLINS MOISE.
COMMANDER. J.D.'.J., KEI LET, Sf -',]¦ Of E.-Rollins Morse & Bro., Banken.
., . Jr Commander U.S. Navy. CYRUS SWAN S2DGWICK,
EUGENE H.'- LEWIS, • ;}. Treasurer of tha Hall Signal Com|a»y.
, Of Eaton 4 Lewis, Lawyers. L0TAL L". SMITH.
" SPENCER TRASK, Of Sieccer.Trask 4 Co., Binkeri.FLYCASTERS MAKE HIGH SCORES IN STOW LAKE COMPETITION.
x'HE SA^T FB AXCISCO CALL, sXTXIRDAY, MAY 3,
':. ATTOnNET ¦; StJES '"fORTEE?— Attorney F
P>Bull ; Us f Bu1ns John Tuttle' for ,$1711.75 al-
Ipged vto' be ¦ due . for legal « services 'rendered the
defendant.-;-; V'^^,V ' — r v.-o-.^^. \
-;¦'-'-• ¦¦»¦-••¦¦ v i .. ... .,.'»¦.„.. -.•' -.";¦;¦-, ¦
¦ Wireless telegraph stations are 'now be
ing Erected- by; the authorities
on the Koreantcoast.V • ->^>,"
'¦-?,--¦¦¦:' - ¦;¦.¦ /'¦- '-: ¦-¦•¦•¦• ¦•¦•¦-.•¦ ¦
j Bid were opened yesterday by the
Board of Works . for making alterations
and additions to the Hearst School. James
B. McSheey vas the lowest bidder at $9200
' and he .was awarded' the contract.
Will Alter Hearst School.
. p*rtle» desiring to visit the BakeraHeld Street
Fair -and -Carnival can secure ; tickets at i' one
fart.for tha round^trlp. ' Theaa tickets 'will i be
en sale at 'the Santa Ke office, B41 Jlnrket st -
tor. all trains May 7," jfoodto return. until May
Bakersfield Excursion.
The members Union Gun Club. .will
smash bluerocks 'at ilngleslde- to-morrow,
while. ( the: California Wing Club- will
shoot live birds- at; the same place. ' - ' •"¦
> On' the -18th; lnst." there" will be a;mer
chandise r. ahoot at . Ingleside ¦ under ? • the
auspices of ; Clabrough, . Golcher ¦& Co. ¦ In
all there wlH ; be.seventy»prlzes." . \ •.-'.-•¦;
>\The' men: entered ; will ' be : divided Into
fdur classes: i Experts, first, second and
third." -*Each"< will shoot at thirty blue
rocks, .their first i fifteen from the > 16-yard
mark, after: which ithey will be*, handi
capped according to their work. «The_: first
prize in -each, class; will be.a'hanrmerless
shotgun. .Ties for first place' will | be shot
off' at twentyiflve^ birds. / High ; guns to
.wlri:v; v ¦/_•; . •;.¦_ . >r. /..¦ J x ¦ ;
Bluerocks; While Wing Club Will
. ; ¦ 7-^-:/ Shoot 'I Pigeons. • ; . ; '¦'
Union ] Gun Club - Men Will ; Smash
The charge of perjury against Robert
Shenson was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. He was. accused on complaint
of his fatber-in-Iaw, A. Muller, S41 Clem
entina street, with falsely swearing be
fore "Cupid" Danforth on September 26
last, while procuring a marriage license to
marry his daughter Ida, that he was 21
years of age, whereas he was only 20.
The young couple had only been married
a few months when they - separated and
•divorce proceedings are now pending.
The Judge, in dismissing the case, said
that although he could not invoke legal
authority for doing so still he had very
nigh dramatic authority for such a course.
The defendant, in stating that his age was
21, did not wrong any one, hs it was
known to his intended bride, and to all in
tents and purposes he simply told a lie.
He deprecated the spirit shown by the
young wife In trying to send her husband
to the penitentiary. '...'.,' :
Dismisses a Charge of Perjury in
Connection With a Marriage '
License.
TRAPSHOOTEBS TO MEET
'' AT INOLESIDE GROUNDS
JUDGE CABANTSS SAYS
SHENSON SIMPLY LIED
Eight years' imprisonment- in- the peni
tentiary at San Quentin'was the punish
ment meted out yesterday by United
States District Judge de Haven to Thomas
J. Johnson for passing counterfeit; dollar
piecesv Johnson was .arrested , by ..Secret
ServiceT Agent Haaen two weeks ago with
several of the counterfeit coins in His pos
session. The case .was so strong against
Johnson , that he ¦ pleaded guilty . last
Thursday. He is an ex-convict and was
released from the penitentiary last Octo
ber after serving seven years for. counter
feiting, that having been his second term
for'a similar offense. Johnson's counter
feit-dollars were very; poor Imitations of
the genuine. '. •. ' - -iV ¦ ,
for Making Some Atrociously
Bad Dollars.
Goes to Penitentiary for Third Time
COUNTEBFEITER JOHNSON
'"'.TO SEIIVE EIGHT YEABS
i :. Coursing will be resumed In Montana
on the 18th Inst. W.Jones,^ who is inter
ested -in. the; game there."; is, in the city
He is noting • how coursing Is ; conducted
and. will buy. a. few dogs. -Special events
will. be run. on Miners' Union day Julv
4 andrLaborday. The park is under the
management of » Dave O'Connor n
>The; annual meeting, of , the California
Coursing Committee will -., be held on the
last Saturday ot this month.. Ou the fol
lowing day the California Coursing Com "
"Dr." Rike, who~ gold a For ' Freedom-
Nancy R puppy in Texas recently, has
an offer ; for another * of . the ; same . litter
The first one has: already proved a" win
ner. - j TTimW* 'I rjiiiiWiffmii'fti'ffiitirimj
greyhound exhibit will be able
to see the dogs to-day and to-morrow In
their natural environment. The major
ity of them will compete at Union Cours
ing Park In the special stakes arranged
for them by the management.
The reserve stake will be run in Its en
tirety to-day. In adltion. there will be the
first round' of the bench, show open stake
and two rounds of the sapling stake. To
morrow . the , bench show l champion stake
and the class reserve stake will be run
through. There will also be the deciding
course 'of the saplings • and the remain
ing rounds of the bench show open stake.
The winners look to be:
. Sapling stake — Conroy, Ready Address, Hike's
Amiga and Plyingr Pasha. -
Reserve stake-*— Snapper Garrison. Rich Ar-
Bosy, I Fly-by Nlghf, Lovina, Challenger, | Lady
Chlqulta and Delia M. <
Class reserve stake — Prompto. "White Hat
Haphazard. Homer Boy, Sir Paaha, Cold Shiv
ers, So fata, and Loyal Lad. .
Bench snow champion stake — TameTralee
Palo Alto. Sacramento Boy, Melrose Lad, Fly
ingr Fox. ! Charta, Rona and Lost Chord.
Bench ' show open stake — Re^al Attire, Roy
Hughle, Belle Rocket. Tyrone Prince. < Gambit
General de "Wet; Royal Archer,^ Belfast, TJona
Magnlfloa. Liberator, - Gold HilK May Hemp
stead. Gilmore. Lily Wright. ' Fannie Ilughle "
Pat Freedom, Rocker, Flora McDonald. Promel
theus, Miss * Wilson. • Brutus," Lilac. Cneswlck
Bright- Gold, Honor Bright.- Doreen, Honesty'
Petronius. Santonin. Rural Artist ¦ Ascie W
Mose and Bonnie Hughie. -^ ' '
VISITORS at the recent - dog show
' who' were , surprised at the
' • strength and the. quality of the
The Bay City Wheelmen have won this
remarkable race four times, Garden City
Wheelmen , three times and the Olympic
Club Wheelmen and Acme Wheelmen
once each.' The race this year undoubtedly
lies between the Bay City Wheelmen and
the Garden City Wheelmen. The teams
are closely matched and the slightest ac
cident may influence the result.
The Oakland Wheelmen, San Francisco
Wheelmen and ; California Cycling Club
will also be represented. The five teams
shoud make an interesting race, as ther-3
was little difference in their time last
Sunday at San Leandro.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a
club run and excursion to Vallejo to-mor
row.- .They will . leave Jackson-street
wharf at 9 a. m. on the steamer Caroline,
Captain Leale. At Vallejo there will be
motor and other races on the half-m'.Ie
track. There will be many entries for the
bicycle races from this city. '
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers "of .California Associated Cyclists will
be held cm Tuesday evening, the 20th inat.,
}?. e ,£ oom S of tne Ba * Cit y Wheelmen.
441 Golden Gate avenue. ' - ¦
mittee stake will be run at Union Park.
The best dogs on the coast compete In
this, being named by the various mem
bers of the committee. *
- The Imported greyhound, Graphite, has
been- lost. She *aa jus.t rounding 'into
condition and would soon have been seen
in competition. •
A • puppy ; stake* limited to ' sixteen en
tries will be runiat Union Park the 17th
aiidlSth inst. |
A. R. Curtis Has a , lot of greyhounds
coming up to.taUe the place of the clever
ones r now in th« running. "He has four
dogs a year oil by Beacon-The- Fram,
which are said; to.be handsome-speci
mens of the greyhound. They look like
ii I ii n i i i 'lila^ii UMlMiniBllMiiiiMiiiiM > -
The hundred-mile course around the
bay, starting In this city at the City Hall,
and ending In Alameda will 'be the route
taken by the riders.
THE tenth annual relay race of the
- California Associated Cyclists will
be run one week' from to-morrow.
The opening cricket match of the sea
son of 1902 will .be played to-morrow
morning on -the grounds at Webster
street. Alameda, beginning at 11:30. The
contending teams will represent the Ala
meda and the Pacific Cricket clubs the
only two now In existence in San Fran
cisco and neighborhood. The Alameda
e-even will be chosen from the following •
Arthur Dlckenson.J. Guild. C. Banner J
H. Ward, Bert Bird F. J. Tcroll A F
Stahl. A. E. Olivers. -H. W.. Brown J
Brown, W. J. Richter, W. G. Fortman'
Harry Bird and H..Ward Sr. According
r> the usuai custom, the captain of th~
Aiameda team will be selected on the
ground, and 1 will probably be Arthur
.Dickenson, whp formerly played with the
old California Cricket Club, and added
great strength to its team. He is an ex
cellent batsman and a good bowler, and
will be an 'efficient substitute for the
former captain, R. B. Hogue.'who Is in
Australia. Nearly all the members ct
tin: Alameda eleven are young Americans
who have learned the game here and
play It with great proficiency. Last vear
Kert Bird made the greatest aggregate
number of runs and was third in the bat
ting list with an average of 37.08 runs for
twelve completed innings. . He stood tlrst
on the bowling list, taking 23 wickets at
an average cost of 6.50 runs.
The Pacific eleven will be chosen from
the folicwing: H. C. Casldy (captain/. C
IV Coles, A. W Wilding, ,W. Petherick:,
J. J. Theobald, E. T.. Langdale, T. J. A.
TIedemann, D. Jamiefeon, F. Bennlon E
A. M. . Lannowe. C. M. Storrs and'V v'
Sollom. Of the foregoing H.C.. Casldy
took the largest number of -. wicket? last
season, 61 for an average of 7.63 runs. He
played in more matches during the fcea-"
eon than any other cricketer except I* J
Croll,*; being sixteen . times % at bat ' as
against Croll's eiKhtcen ' times. <.'. P .
Coles has done good service for the Pa-'
cities as a batsman and a bowler. E A"
I.L Lannowe Is a former member of the
Citrus Colony Cricket- Club In Placer
County. • ~ ' I
Meet in the Opening Game on
Alameda Grounds.
Alameda and Pacific Teams Will
Bay Cities and Garden
Cities Look the
Best. r x
CBICKETEBS TO PLAY
FIEST MATCH OP YEAH
Will Be Seen in Action
on, the\ Field at
Union Park.
Palo Alto, Luxor and
\ Others Are in the
Running.
Tenth Year of the Big
Contest for Cycling
Honors.
-¦¦ In '.-the playoff cf the tie between the
Sun Vranciseo and Oakland Golr Clubs at
Br.rllngame.; last; Saturday ~the Adams
Point * eight was - much '. weakened by the
absence of ,W. P. Johnson and C. P. Hub
b&rd. The former, is playing, the | strong
est .game of any of the Oaklanders, "and
had he been present would have been pit
ted against John Lawson. C. P. Hub
bard has represented Oakland in nearly
all the lnterclub matches since their'In
stitution in 1898. . As the- last * two
men Included : in : the Oakland -team
were ; reaponslble for . a loss of ; sixteen
holes, It Is quite likely the pres
ence of Johnson U' and > Hubbard
would, have changed defeat Into victory,
especially as Lawson and Adamson, who
played 1 and 2 on the San Francisco team,
peered ¦ only one hole between them for
their. side. 1 B.:D. Adamson played an ex
cellent game .; against- R. M, Fitzgerald,
wbo : was-dormle 3 at -the* sixteenth' hole
of the afternoon play. .By-taking the last
three, holes Adamson-. tied ; . his opponent
on the second eighteen 'holes andretalned
his advantage of . one hole ; on -the * morn
lug's play. -•-. .The playoff - of the- tie be
tween the two clubs In 1S99 at'Burlingame
resulted -, in a" victory for Oakland, which
wontheitirat lnterclub trophy. The series'
of 1900, 1901 and 1902 have all* resulted -in
I victories '. ¦> for ' the ' San 1 Francisco • Golf
Club. /.Though; Oakland has -had six play
ers on? almost r all, its .teams since. 1898, it
has had ; a I dozen I or. more men filling I th«
las t ' two • places.' -, The San \ Francisco - Clu b
has only two men who played on its first
teamrS.L:< Abbot Jr.' and J.^W. Byrne
but" Itsi teams: have been'of more uniform
strength. than those of ; the rival: club and
have i had, a Etronger. Vtall."
Last' Saturday -the, Best Ball: handicap
for men and~TTomen of the San Rafael
Golf 'Club began at 9:30 in the morning
and will be concluded to-day. Nearly all
the. playing members of the cluh are en
tered, there being two -prizes . for the
lowest net scores, one for each sex. '¦* The
stroke competition, open to any amateur
golfer, which is.on- the schedule for to
uay, has been postponed, as owlnar to the
late rains the course Is not yet In suitable
conditioner an ooen contest.-
Although no definite arrangements have
been made, 'it is possible that the handi
cap . that was set for April . 19 ] between
Class A and 1 Class B of the San Fran
cisco -Golf Club - may '.take placQ this
afternoon on the Presidio links. J
Each team should consist of eight men,
but 1 if. difficulty Is -experienced ingettlng
full teams the match may be played" wltn
six men on. a side. The handicap "over
eighteen holes, medal play,, open "to mem
bers of any golf club on the Pacific Coast,
two prises to be given, has not yet taken
piece, the date, May 1, having been set
down- in error. The event will be held
later. : - - •
Contest Whiclj Began Last Saturday
;i Will Be Concluded at - 6 O'clock
¦ This Evening.
EEST.BAIX HANDICAP
\ " ON SAN . RAFAEL LINKS
RELAY RACE
WILL ATTRACT
FIVE TEAMS
BENCH SHOW
GREYHOUNDS
TO COMPETE
MEMBERS OF SAN FRANCISCO FLYCASTING CLUB COMPETING IN
THE LONG-DISTANCE CASTING EVENT AT STOW LAKE, GOLDEN
GATE PARK, IN ONE OF THE CLUB'S SEMI-MONTHLY CONTESTS.
The Academic Athletic League officiate
have decided to hold their annual tennis
matches on the California Club- courts
May 17 and 24. The singles. will be played
on the former date and the doubles on tlfcj
latter. Heretofore both singles and
doubles have been played on tne - same
day, but an unusually large entry list Is
expected this year and it will be Impossi
ble to finish both tournaments on the
same day. For the last three, years Low
ell High School has carried orf . the hon
ors with such ease that little interest was
shown In the matches.. This year Lowell
will be considerably, weaker, and as some
of the other schools have much stronger
representatives than last year It would be
a difficult matter to pick the winner. Al
Rosenberg j is easily the best player in
the league, and. if his partner, Gardner,
had not left- Lowell 'that school would
have won this year as easily as last. The
latter's place will be taken by Beyfuss, a
much- weaker man. Some of the schools
have already picked their teams and will
be as follows: Lowell — Rosenberg in' sin
gles and I Rosenberg and Beyfuss : !n
doubles; Polytechnic— Geary In singles and
Geary and Mann in doubles; Lick—Gor
ham In Blnglesand Gorham and Walker
In doubles. Other schools that will lie
represented are Boone's, Hitchcock's,
Alameda High, Berkeley High, Oakland \
High, St. Matthew^3,t Napa High, Bel
mont and Central High. Each " school
will be represented by one man In* singles
and one team in doubles. An, effort is be
ing made to get medals . for the , tourna
ment winners, as in previous years. •
The exhibition matches to have' been
played by the local experts to-day and to
morrow at Penryn were called off at the*
last moment.
The 1 public courts have proved 'a "much
greater success than was expected, and
in spite of the fact that ten are already
down it has become necessary to build
more \ to accommodate all SS the i players.-
Two courts are being constructed at pres
ent, one Of which will be of bitumen and
will be used or exhibition matches.
The ; winner of each of the classes will
receive a silver challenge cup to be won
three times. Only those^ who entered the
first tournament will be eligible to take
part in the remaining ones. The matches}
not completed last Sunday will be fin
ished* to-morrow. ¦'-''.'} • '•¦--;.
and. most successful ever held. there.
Forty-two men entered their names,, and
of this number but two defaulted. The
largest tournament ever held in the city
previous to this had "but thirty .partici
pants and was aflHnJJajj.fe.yent'-heldV'-on
the Calif orti^Club|e^rt|i|j^t yea.r..-. .'-v
In the flrst-«Ja^vt'bT^ev§f^||»e-'.j^; > iptri ;
entered are^ft;.tq; 'flghtiior. tiifi ; .'hpnor^ot^
being the" flr&t .winner of£ the. "inSp.^ Will'
Allen reached- the' final and will, playi the
winner | o,f i 3nttstch7:ibjeitH')ecivtHatry;
Routh and fiViit Geary". .~Roulh.,ahd:-'CH;ar:y*
had euch; w-oVa'set/iWheri'-thejlauerywaa 1
forced to retife,-. : Kouth : waa .-enUttea t ta'
the.imatch,- but, '.did; not Ifprccttbe j issuer
and the mat<}h> was. postponed for. a wtJck:
The showing- »of J tieairy iwas' a • surprise,
as Jio has pjaTyed rbut-, little recently, uj-y
was formerly one- Qf the- cleverest placy^
era\ In-.,- the Northwest. In all probabtut^
Allen ann 1 . Routh. will meet in the nnai
and an exciting match is looked for.
Allen isca memoer of me California Club,
while Rbuth is one of the strongest ot
the park players. In the last clasj tour-;
nament Allen carried off the honors ot
the first class quite easily, but he will
have to play his best to win this time: '.
In the second ciass thirty-two men en
tered and eignt are; still in the fight. The
matches: win be as follows: Marr vs.
Griflin, Stapff vs. Campbell, James vs.
Finnigan and Brady vs.' Reading. These
players are all evenly matched and will
undoubtedly furnish some gopd sport.
Marr and Griffin are the strongest play
ers and one of them will surely figure in
the final match.
THE class singles tennis tournament
commenced • on Golden Gate Park
courts last Sunday was the largest
It is most gratifying to air patrons of
the game to note how few kicks are be
ing made at the umpire's decisions. .If
this will only continue, California will
lead all the other- leagues in placldness.
It is a singular fact that the captains
of the Oakland, San Francisco and Los
Angeles nines all play third base, and
all are good men in their positions.
The American League, with all its
stars, does not seem to draw any better
crowds than the old tottering National.
Considering the salaries the former is
paying, it does not look so much like a
young mint as many seemed to think.
Comiskey has a young giant named
Jwewlin with his white sock aggregation
who promises to develop into a second
Rusie. Though only 19 years old, he is
over six feet tall and weighs nearly 200
pounds. He has a world of speed, and
if any one can develop him Clark Grif
fith should be the man. ¦¦¦•-' '
Lajoie is having his share of troubles
In trying to find a place where he can
play ball without having the lawyers and
juages butting in and spoiling his plans."
Perhaps he will compromise and hie him
self to California, or he may be com
pelled to resume his old task of doms?
stunts on top of a cab. :-<• uu "'5
Win Mercer won the flret game Jje 1
pitched this season, holding down the
high-priced St. Louis American League
sluggers to five hits. Mercer has a lot of
friends on the coast. Although he has
been in the game for twelve years many
are of the 6pinion he is anything but a
dead one.
Charley Rellly's batting optic has been
¦slightly dimmed by : the glare and 'v^hlrl
of 'Frisco. Charley does not line 'em* out
in keeping with that high-average of>his.
Los Angeles certatnly- pdstfesses -the'ex
tremes in pitchers in •Av'addell and Mc-
Partlin. It will be Interesting to note
whether speed or slow, brainy work is
the. more effective. - So far, tne^ tedious
one has the better of the argument.'.:^
¦ ; It seems strange 'the management- does
not take steps to make the - Oakland
grounds look good to the crowds and the
players. As they are at present, it is
nearly impossible, to play good ball on
them, while fast work is out of the ques
tion. . . . . . 7
get in and do something In a hurry.
The season is young, however, and radical
changes may occur before many more
games have been played.
Bill Hanlon jslays the first bag just as
of yore,' but that old-time batting eye of
his does not seem to round Into shape
as fast as the fans had hoped.''
IT begins to look as though the race
this year will be between Los Angeles
and Oakland unless the other teams
The South End Rowing Club Is 'display-
Ing a good deal of activity. Several barge
crews were, out last Sunday. , The "Fel
ton" was manned by F. Mayo, bow; Rob
ert'McArthur, No.- 2; E. Pallas, No. 3; E.
Cashman, stroke,*, and Albert Sonnenbers,
cockswain, on one trip, i and another • by
A. Hennessey, bow; P. Connolly, No. .";
P Dermer, No. 3; J. O'Brien, stroke.and
Albert Sonnenberg,' cockswain.- In- • the
old "Flyblister 1 . 1 were James Palla3', bow;
J. P.Foley. No. 2;. J.- Lyons,* No. 3;" E.
Scully,^stroke, and ¦¦ Romeo, ' cockswain.
Several ¦ men. went , out " ii\, > the outriggod
skiffs;. among them being Charles Jenkins;
D, Methmann, G.-. Wright, J. -O'Brien and
A: Hennessey. :'-,..;••¦ • ; : i
An Olympic Boat Club crew, consisting
of Dlnsmore, bow;, Scott, No.\2; -.Clawson,
No.;3; Longwell, stroke, and Percy Pem
broke, 'Cockswain,. Is practicing and will
row a trial race against acrew, made up
of George . James , or ' Percy Burr, ¦ Charlws
Lelghton, Xharles..;Melrose ¦ and F. J.
Sherry.. ¦ - . , « •. - , . — ¦
The oarsmen of- the Alameda Boating
Club have had little practice so far this
season. When the weather has been fa
vorable the tide has been too low to per
mit of launching boats on the creek/and
on other Sundays there has been wet or
stormy weathert. Last Sunday, however,
from noon till J dark, barges and. skiffs
were In constant demand. W. . Bl Hinch
man, John Lewis, F. -W. Ayers,'. Edward
Edwards and A. Q. Bell were out in the
skiffs, and a barge crew composed of Ed
ward Edwards, bow; Roy Pollard; No. 2;
Fawn Nott, No. 3; Sidney Pollard, stroke,
and Bert Cameron, cockswain, had a prac
tice row
The Ariels would like to see a Pacific
Coast Rowing Association formed, which
would consist of active rowing men and
which would, devote itself to ; furthering
the interests- of local oarsmen: \.- .
Mr. Frankenheimer said a barge crew
of the Stockton 'Athletic Association has
teen practicing and. wants to know what
encouragement will be offered for it to
enter the annual regatta on Lake Mer
rltt. The crew has been told that if it
goes on practicing and does good work an
effort will be made to have them take
part In the championship races at . Oak
land. The Stockton oarsmen will at least
send down a single sculler. .:
The Ariel Rowing Club -' officials f e.ol
hurt at the manner in which the registra
tion committee of the Pacific Association
acted in inflicting a fine of $25 on the club
for permitting a. boxer, said to be unregis
tered,; to take part In the tournament
held last month at Woodward's Pavilion.
In similar, cases the committee iias never
inflicted a' .fine without: giving- Ihe clubs
warning. .An .appeal has been taken to
the board of managers of the Amateur
Athletic Union against the local directors,
who sustained the action of the registra
tion .committee. •¦¦'-.
THE first event of the rowing season
of 1902 -win take place to-morrow
over the North Beach course of the
-\ : Dqilphiri ; Boating Club. ,
The four. barge, crews competing will be
captained by ; George Baker, A. W. Pape,
\T. R.'Dixon "ahd'W. O. Patch. The Matter's
crew . has lost ! Its .stroke, E. O. , Kragnes3.
Paptrr^Cixtin-^nai^a-ker w4H-draw- lots^t
<the;. boathouse w -f Qr boats'ih'rUli
teats.. ; : "the L"cr ; ewj tjr$wfng 4 th V 9 1 * 'Jjarge'.
'wJ&A^&0i-)i%\ti&ti4teap fi %":'four;gbeat.
lengths > : :'{&*r£'ihf rj.rac|ns
ibatee, " Tfe^-dke'pf 'the :cr#w-tKatild*ss
ot-;? af cy»
'crew r 'Jn ; 'th^^ednd j ;heat.H"The^thirdiheat
,^rill be f';th^flna.j';tr T t he .'first'-Heat ,:wty ;8tar^
at • JO'o/cfQck" In^ttte^oriimg..' • V;. v 1 ** Q KK ;
'- TJier^arfitf so* many\gbed ; : swjhime'rs/' In.
MfeDg^ln.vfclub^
organic a<;whiVr"pQlb ftehrhi'the; members
• of . which iwiir.tb'e/.'th'tistn-. from Edward
Harris,- Thomas Harris,. Lester Hammer
smith, F.- J. Sherry,* Ev H. Coney, Frank
Curry and othcrsr - > . . •' - . - "
W. B. Hlnchman, president" of the Pa
cific Association' of the Amateur Athletic
Union, visited Stockton last week and had
an Interview with" Mr. j Frankenheimer,
president of the Stockton Athletic Asso
ciat'on. " »
Penryn Trip of Crack
Players Hastily Aban
doned.
Quartet of -Barges Will
Be Harmed by
Members.
Oakland Diamond Is Yet
Unfit for Snappy
Playing,
Dolphins to Open the
Rowing Season Ails
;¦ ; piciously.
Los Angeles Possesses
the Two Extremes
in Pitchers.
BELVEDERE Cove and the boat
house of the Corinthian Yacht Club
will present a. gala appearance to
day. The fleet lying at its moorings
will be decorated with flags In honor of
the opening of the Corinthian season of
1902, and the brass cannon on the veran
da will welcome, noisily, the yachtsmen
and their visitors. : .' t
During the afternoon ladies will be re
ceived in the clubhouse and on board the
yachts and there will be dancing in the
big room. Boats leave the city for Tib
uron at 12:35, 3:30 and 5:10, returning at
4:05 and 5:40 p. m. The 6:30 p~ m. boat
from San Francisco will carry a crowd
of yachtsmen, and on their arrival at the
clubhouse a Corinthian supper will be
served. At about 8 o'clock an adjourn
ment will be made to the main hall to
witness the jinks, the principal item of
which will be a farce.
On account of the large number of
members and the comparatively small
capacity of the clubroom only those hav
ing badges will be admitted to Uje even
ing performance. Invitations have been
sent to the commodores and secretaries
of the San Francisco, California,- Encinal
and South Bay yacht clubs. Commodore
j S. S. Marshall will cruise over from Oak
land Creek in the flagship Thelma, and
the "Challenger" will sail o\'er from Sau
salito. Commodore R. S. Bridgman's
slocp Thetis will also be on hand with
her crew. A special boat will leave Tib
uron about midnight to bring bacjr those
yachtsmen who desire to return to* the
city. "¦¦¦'-¦£¦'. . ¦¦--¦
The reception committee consists of
Commodore E. F. Sagar, Vice Commo
dore Thomas Jennings, Port Captain John
H. Keefe, Treasurer Chares L. Barrett,
Secretary J. C. Brickwell and Directors
W. B. Short and Harry D. Hawks. For
the afternoon dance E. S. Emmons will
be floor manager, the committee being J.
A. Lavensaler, R. H. Morrow, Adolph
Brcnxmer, Samuel Wilson, W. C. Corbett,
F. A. Bartlett, Charles Gerlach and J. K.
Bulger. The jinks committee, in charge
of the evening entertainment, consists of
J. V. O'Brien, E. J. Bowes, L. W. Harris,
Frank W. Thompson, W. H. Crowell and
W. Howe.
To-morrow morning colors will be made
at 8 o'clock, and yacht-owners will report
on board the flagship Edna at 10. The
opening Corinthian cruise wIH begin at
lL The fleet will be accompanied by sev
eral yachts of the San Francisco Club,
Commodore R. S. Bridgman wishing to
have as large an attendance as possible.
As the time for the Perpethal cup race
V is drawing near it has been found neces-
V=ary to hold the first trial of speed be
tween the sloops Presto and Harpoon to
morrow. The second will take place on
Saturday, May 10, and the third on Sun
day, May 1L The boat which wins two
out of the three trials will be selected as
the defender of the Challenge cup, and
will be put on the ways at once to get her
into the best possible trim for the race.
The racing length of the Harpoon Is now
32.18 feet and her owners say that they
can get her down to 33 feet without al
tering her sailing qualities at all. The
Harpoon has not yet carried racing- sails.
After the Corinthians have settled which,
boat shall defend the Perpetual cup the
regatta committees of the San Francisco
and Corinthian clubs will meet and settle
the details of the race, which will take
place on May 24, or possiby on May 31, tha
last of the sixty days since the receipt of
the challenge from the San Francisco
Yacht Cub on April 1. The Corinthians
desire to have ae longr a time as possible
•within which to get the defender, into trim
and to train her crew. Frank Stone will
Ball the Presto and Fred Cook the Har
poon.
To-morrow the California Yacht Club
will hold its annual dinner race, open to
all yachts on the roll. Working sails only
will be used, and the course will be fif
teen miles, including two beats to wind
ward and two runs. Hitherto the dinner
race has been sailed over a triangular
course, but the course has been changed
in order to increase the interest of the
spectators, who In previous years saw the
competing yachts only twice, at the start
and the finish, the craft being too far
away to be watched during the Interval.
Under the present arrangement the
yachts will come up to the mole at the
end of the first run and will finish at the
same place. The time limit is four hours.
The South Bay Tacht Club will hold its
opening cruise to-morrow,' starting from
AIvlso at 10 in the morning. The number
of members has considerably increased,
and many of the boats have been im
proved since last year. Commodore H.
A. Spencer Is looking forward to a lively
season, and intends to make vigorous ef
forts to secure a clubhouse.
A. -iB.:r Finch is looking forward to
another outing at Big Meadows* He con
siders this stream affords the finest fish
ing in the State. The trout range ?n
weight from' three-fouTths to two and a
half pounds each. Alex Vogelsang and
wife,: Al Cumming and wife and John
Siebe may also go there again this sea
son..' .;: ¦ ¦ •¦ • .' ' . . -; -¦-._«
/AlCumming is at present on the Kla
math and may go into the Williamson
R.ver country before returning here. This
is one of the best- streams on the coast.
THE gentle artof flycasting Is at
tracting many recruits from among
. H the ranks of the, anglers. Clubs are
being formed in Portland, Spokane
and Los Angeles and the pastime gives
promise of becoming a popular one.
The members of San Francisco Fly
castingfClub are showing unusual inter- ,
est in the contests this season. The at
tendance at Stow Lake. Golden Gate
Park, is large and the results attained
are excellent. The average distance of
the casting Is about 100 feet, while a cast
of 120 feet i3 not unusual:-, On" a trout
stream -an angler usually casts from
thirty to fifty feet.
: The executive CQmmittee of the local or
ganization will soon commence to plan
ior the open^ to- the world tournament,
scheduled to be' held here in August. ~
The- season in which it is lawful to take
trout . from the streams of Monterey
County opened on Thursday.
:. Paper Mill Creek is a/fordlng some ex
.cengnt.r,atriped_ bass fishing at the pres
l«! t >yrae...in addition to steelhead and
,tvout;>;.i he fish 'come in from the ocean
.through yTprnales.- ;Bay on , the incoming
4* d eand;-ar§. taken. about two miles from
therbridgeTat'. Point .Reyes.
.-¦C*.'J.,Stovel. caught seven recently, some
'ri u «ning^uii;,.t9Xn4n§; pounds.
'/.JYanlfiycrndn': took live and was then
.cleaned out ; by 'a^b}g fish. He is goins
..up -again kt'o-da'y '- and will have heavier
tackle.-, Dr. Kavanaugh caught two and
was.-algo cleaned out. -Ordinary troutlng
tackle will not r hold, the big fish. .
r'M; * Metticevlch caught ten good-steed,
nsh-in.one day.' : \- -
"• Bert \ Spring caught two dozen trout In
the Paper Mill last Sunday.
.1 he -anglers who saw a four-pound rain
bow sent by-J. F. Dougherty, of Boca to
William McMurray of this city are long
ing for a day on the Truckee. The river
is gradually clearing and within the next
three weeks it is expected the fly can bo
used with satisfactory results. The fish
ing now Is with spoon and bait.
T. Rothschild and Will -Haas will fiah
tfce San Oregorio to-morrow.
Dr. C. G. Levlnson, E. L. Goodman and
J. B. Kenniff will try their luck at Point
Reyes.-V .-" • .;¦ . •;-,- . -
In the Afternoon They
Will Welcome Fair
Visitors.
Tournament Commenced
Last Week Ends To-
Morrow.
PARK TENNIS
ATTRACTS A
LARGE ENTRY
BIL L HANLON'S
BATTING EYE
IS STILL DIM
for, Sport on the Big
Streams.
Anglers Are Preparing
BOAT RACES
ON THE NORTH
SIDE COURSE
Corinthian Yachtsmen
to Make Merry
To-Day.
Are Improving Rapidly
t in Bothpisiance and
Accuracy.
TIBURON MEN
INAUGURATE
THE SEASON
ROD WIELDERS
SHOW SKILL
IN CASTING
4WASHINGTON, May 2.— The State
Department has been notified that the
Mexican, Government has finally refused
tho application of the United States
Government for the surrender of
Charles Kratz. ex-councilman of St.
Louis, charged with bribery. The man
has been held under arrest at Guadala
jara, the Mexican Government having
consented to his provisional detention
for eight ¦ days pending consideration of
the request. An effort was made to se
cure the prosecution of Kratz in Mexico,
bVt^without avail, and under the decis
ion just announced he will be dis
charged and go unpunished. -
Mexico Refuses to Surrender Him.
At - the closing session an . increase of
$2000 ' in the salary of Dr. | Oronhyatekha
was. declined by that officer. The other
grand officers also declined to accept in
creases in salaries. A vote of thanks to
High Chief Ranger. McElfresh of the Cali
fornia Jurisdiction and to the local com
mittees for their arrangements and hos
pitality to the grand officers was adopted
Boston has been selected as fhe next place
of _ meeting. . • ; - * .-
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— The triennial
meeting of the Grand Supreme Court of
the Independent Order of Foresters ad
journed late to-night. One day's session
will be held in Red Men's Hall in San
Francisco next Tuesday. . The Intervening
time- will be -spent in sight-seeing in
Southern California.. ..
POBESTERS ADJOURN TO
MEET IN SAN FBANCTSCO
Hereafter two entrance credits will be
given in elementary Spanish, and the
actual presentation of notebooks in his
tory will be waived. ' Applicants for ad
mission to the university who have ¦ ful
filled the requirements of the Middle
West State universities and graduates of
certain Japanese schools will be admitted
hereafter without examination except in
English composition.. I
Among the new faculty appointments
for next year are: Associate professors
Adams and McLean, of the history and
economics departments - respectively; As
sistant Professor Browne of the depart
ment of mechanical arts, and Instructors
Whltaker, Copeland and Suzzallo In the
departments of economics, botany and
education, respectively. ,
Acting Associate Professor Rolf a Is to
be an associate , professor of Greek; In
structors Storey, Snow, Baum and Mad
dock will . be assistant professors, 5j and
Assistants Brown, Allin and Lawson will
be promoted to instructorships. '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, , May 2.—
Dr. O. L.s Elliott, university registra>.
gave out Information to-day In regard
to the college register to be distributed In
the near future. Several' important
changes will appear in the entrance re
quirements,, and a number of faculty
promotions will be noted.
Alterations in Entrance
Requirements. .
Faculty Promotions at Stanford and
NSW COLLEGE EEGISTUB
NOTES TVTAiTJY CHANGES
.^Fourth race, one mile — Owenton won, Luclen
Appleby second, Otis third. Time, 1:451-5.
. Fifth race, five furlongs — Brookston won,
Mlrance second. Lady Matchless third. Time,
1:04.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Marios
won. Homage second, Miss Liza third. Time.
1:52 4-5. , ' -
NASHVILLK, Tenn., May 2.— This was the
closing day at Cumberland Park. Results:
First race, Blx furlongs — King Daly won,
Jim Clark second, Joe Martin third. Time, 1:15.
¦ - Second race, four and a 'half furlongs^ — Fore
and Aft won, Stand Pat second, Oulta third.
Time, :57%.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, the Char
ter Memorial — Jordan won, Ethel Wheat sec
ond. Blink third. Time. 1:47%.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — Aules
won, Sallle Green second, Commena third.
Time, 1:09%. '
Fifth race, six furlongs — Alea won. Tom Col
lins second. Pillardist third. Time. 1:16%.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Algle M. won. Orla
second, Klnloch Park third. Time, , 1 ;16.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 2.— Four and
possibly five colts, among the best
three-year-olds of the Western turf,
will battle for supremacy at Church-
Ill Downs to-morrow afternoon, when the
Kentucky Derby will be decided for the
twenty-eighth time over the historic old
course.', Abe Frank was made a ' prime
favorite in the winter books by virtue of
his superior two-year-old form, but the
figures have been- changed since his re
cent ; performances. - He - will be backed
liberally ' nevertheless, for . many believe
that, his" true form has not been shown.
Inventor,' while not figuring* as a .first
choice/will not be without friends.- Fol
lowing are the starters announced to
night. There may be an. addition or two
before post. time to-morrow:
Thomas M. McDowell's cb. c. Alan-a-D»J»
(Turner), Halma-Sadle McNalry- ' >
¦ Thomas C. McDoweirs b. c.Tha Rival (J.
Bansch), 115, Halma-Brace Girdle. ,
•G. C. Bennett's ch. c. Abe Frank (Coburn),
122, Hanover-Imp. Cheesestraw.
Thomas W. W. Moore's ch. c. Inventor (T.
Williams). 118. imp. Goldsby-Imp. Duchess
Caroline '
..CHICAGO. May 2.— "Worth summary:
'First race, four furlongs— Filly Deck -won.
Courage second, Totllla third. Time, :52.
¦ Second race,. six furlongs — Theory won. Peace
second, Sandfla third. Time, 1:18 2-5. j
; Third race, seven furlongs — Charley Moore
won. Automaton second, Hermencla third.
Time, 1:313-5.
Great Three-Year- Olds
Will Coinpete at '
- --' \ . " - •
Louisville^
The Hanover Colt Meets
Alanl- a- Dale
To-Day.
ABE FRANK'S
CHANCES GOOD
IN THE DERBY
WASHINGTON, May 2.— The PostoflBce
Department to-day announced: Postofilca
name changed — North Ontario, San Ber
nardino County. CaL, to Upland. Post
masters ' commissioned: - California-
George B. Hayden, Upland; Jeremiah S.
Goodwin, Tou Bet. Washington— Carl A.
Sorenson, Lawrence. Appointed: Wash
ington—R. E. Watts, Echo, . Stevens
County, vice J. R. Allen, . resigned.
These pensions were granted:
California: Original— Warren Vose, Dl
nuba, $12; Hudson u. Barton, Orosi. $5;
Austin A. Fairbanks, Oakland, $(f; George
F. Elliott, National Soldiers' Home, L03
Angeles, $6. Increase — Aaron Boyles,
Biggs, $12; Leverton Clay. Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12; John Montgomery, Na
tional Military Home, Lbs Angeles, $12;
Ephraim Owens, Oceanside, $12. Widows —
Elizabeth H. Turner, Los Angeles, $8.
Mexican War— Margaret Isabelle Bur
dett, Elmer, $8.
Oregon: Original — David B. Reavls, En
terprise. $12. Increase-r-John C. Young.
Corvallis. $8. Widows— Eliza Jane Lef
fler, Heppner, $8.. \
Washington: - Original— Harvey Ma
thews, Seattle, $10; William Walsh; Peola.
$S. Increase— Owen D. Wilson, Spokane,
$12; Bethewel Hendrix, Hussum, $10; Na
than Vorhels, Western, $12; Adolph Jae
ger, Cohalis, $12; Patrick Fitzgerald,
Peola, $8..
Army orders announce that Major
James S. Glennan, surgeon. Is transferred
from the Department of California to this
city; leave of absence granted First Lieu
tenant Arthur Cranjton, Seventeenth In
fantry, Department of California, Is ex
tended two months.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OE THE PACIFIC COAST
BAKERSFIELD, May 2.— Charles
Thurston of San Francisco and Mike
Donovan of New Tork fought fifteen
rounds to a draw here to-night before the
National Athletic . Club. The fight was
scheduled to go twenty rounds, but was
cut to fifteen rounds on account of the
limited audience. . The men fought fabt
from the start and the pace was of the
whirlwind order throughout, with honors
evenly divided In each round.
The fight wsb conceded to be the clean
est and clevesest that has taken place
here for some time. The decision was
well received by the audience. Two pre
liminaries of five and six rounds -re
spectively between local amateurs pre
ceded the main bout. ' . .
TETPTEEN SOUNDS TO DRAW.
Charles Thurston and Mike Donovan
Meet in Baker3fleld.
Prior to the sixth round Weinig seemed
to have the better of the bout and in the
third round Weinig landed again and
again on Choynskl' s face and jaw. Just
before the . end of the round he - sent
Choynskl to hia knees with a hard rig.ht
to the Jaw. Choynski seemed unable to
rise, but the gong sounded just In time to
save him. . • * " v -,
It was several minutes before he was
able to rise and even then he 'was badly
dazed, for when Choynski attempted to
shake hands with him, Weinig squared
off ready to continue fighting, unconscious
that he had been counted out. .- .? v;. -•
"LOUISVILLE, May 2.— Al Weinig of
Buffalo was knocked out to-night by Joe
Choynskl of Chicago before the Empire
Athletic Club in the sixth} round of one
of the fiercest bouta ever fought in this
city. Both men were forced to take a
severe drubbing and Weinlg's defeat was
after a display of sameness rarely
equaled in the prize ring.
Twice in the sixth round he was knocked
to- his knees by Choynskl' s hard rights
and lefts to the jaw, but each time he
came up ready for more punishment. He
was too dazed; however, to defend him
self and Choynskl finally beat him down,
landing him against the ropes unable to
move.
Six-Bound Pight.
Both Boxers Severely Punished in
CHOYNSKI DEFEATS WEINIG.
Tommy Cleary and George Fuller con
sented to go on In place of the pair.
Fuller won- by a knockout in the third
round. In the preliminaries Dave Clay
ton put out Ed Williams in the second
round, and Frank George knocked out
Joe Nealing in the eighth round oi a
scheduled ten-round bout.
In announcing that Welch and Oil
feather had violated their contract with
the club, Superintendent Walter Fawcett
said: "This is the first time in the four
teen years' history of the Reliance Club
that such a fluke has been perpetrated
upon it and the management begs the
Indulgence of the club members and tha
general public Welch and Gilfeather
both came here and when the time came
to enter the ring they refused to do so.
We made several reasonable offers to
them, but they believed they had the
management in a hole. They were mis
taken, however, and their bluff failed to
work." '..' :¦•.:¦¦.
Club, Oakland, last night, "fluked"
at the last moment, much to the disgust
of the club management and of the spec
tators. Welch and Gilfeather had agreed
to fight for a certain percentage of the
receipts. They broke their agreement
because, as they said, the attendanco was
not large enough to suit them.
SPIDER JOB WELCH and Tommy Gil
feather, who were billed to box fif
teen rounds before the Reliance
ators.
Gate Receipts Are Too
Small for the Gladi-
Welch and Gilfeather Re
fuse to Fight in
Oakland.
BOXERS FAIL
TO KEEP AN
ENGAGEMENT
BOXING, RACING AND B ASEBALL ATTRACT MANY SPECTATORS
REDDING. May 2.— W. S. Haalclns has re
1 lgned as superintendent of the Iron Mountain
copper mine In this country and has been euc
ceeued by C. F. Nourse, heretofore assistant
enperintendent. • ' '.
STANFORD' UNIVERSITY, May 2.—
In the second election for the positions
of editor and manager of the Sequoia,
the colleg-e literary Journal, which was
necessitated by the failure of a choice in
Wednesday's balloting, Waldemar
Young '01, "was elected editor; and M.
IL Farrar, 04. business manager. Young's
opponents withdrew, and Farrar defeat
ed J. B. Glldersleeve, '02, by the vote of
217 to 25L . ».v -.v "L .':"*;. : -/r
Young 1 and Farrar Chosen.
LONDON. May 2.— At the Newmarket
races to-day Sceptre, the winner of the
2000-guInea stakes last Wednesday, won
the 1000-guinea stakes. St. Windellne was
eecond and Black Fancy third. Fourteen
horses ran.
Scepter "Wins Another Race.
LONDON, May 2.— Hutchings carried off
the amateur golf championship to-day at
Hoy Lake, defeating S. H. Fry by one
hole. Hutchings played a splendid game.
In the first half, using an American ball,
he was eight up at the end of eighteen
holes to play. Fry picked up wonderfully
fiuricg the afternoon.
Hutchingfs Is Golf Champion.
The annual sale of thoroughbred year
lings from James B. Haggln's Rancho del
Paso will take place at Sheepshead Bay,
commencing June 13 and extending over
five days. One hundred and ninety-four
head in all are listed for the sale. The
most fashionable blood in the world
courses through the veins of these aristo
cratic youngsters.
Young: Thoroughbreds for the East.
HARTFORD, Conn., May 2.— The Nut
meg Athletic Club was refused a license
to-day by Mayor Sullivan for a boxing
contest between "Young Corbett" and
?erry .McGovern, which the club in
fnded'to hold in this city next October.
Jhe Mayor announced that there will be
3 licensed boxing in the city during his
administration. Mayo^ Sullivan was re
cently elected by the labor vote. ;
Hartford. Ears Boxing.
The annual field day of St. Marv's Col
lege \rtll be held to-morrow afternoon at
2 o'clock on the college campus.
Officers of the association who have
labored zealously for the success of the
meeting are President J. P. Towey and
Secretary C. A. Adam. The entries are
as follows:
100 yard dash, college championship— W.
Kclley, C. Ryan, L. Serventl, A. O'Brien.
100 yard dash, maiden race — R. McNally, T.
Lundy.
Shot-put — T. McDcnough. A. Porter, T. Lun-
Cy, J. Towey.
440 yard flash — C. Ryan, L. Serventl. E. Ho
gan.
Hammer throw — G. McDoncug-h, T. Lundy,
JL rcrtcr, C. Adanv,
•220 yard hurdle— R. McNally. N. Bradley. O.
HcDonough, G. Rlgley.
Pole vault — W. Grow. P. Ferguson.
High Jump — J. Devine, N. Bradley, F. Fer
guson, J. Rooney, T. Lundy.
22'J yard dash— W. Kelley, C. Ryan. A. 3X.
O'Brien. R. McNally. W. Blanco.
Bread Jump— L. Ryan, J. Devine, T. Lundy,
JJ. Bradley. W. Grow.
120 yard hurdle — X. Bradley, TV. Grow, F.
Ferguson.
Siile run — T. Blgby, E. Kcgaa, J. Fernandez,
W. Blanco. ... .
The graduating class of the business de
partment of the college gave a play, "The
Hidden Gem," last evening at the college
hall. The cast was as follows:
Kuphesi!aa. a Roman' patrician, C. C. Joyce;
Alexius, under the name of Ignotus, his son,
J. J. Morrissey; Carlnue a boy. his nephew. D.
F. Bigley: Proculus. his freedman and. stew
ard. W. G. Stephens; Euseblus, freed axler act
1, E. J. Silver; slaves, Bibulus. O. W. Do
mergue; Dams. A, R. RuSo; Ursulus, G. J.
Haley; Verna, "W. B. Blanco; Fumatus. H. F.
Gallagher; Strigil, W. P. Barnett; Gannlo,. a
beggar. W. A. Grow; Imperial chamberlain. P.
J. Merrill; Roman officer. R. C. McNally.
FIELD DAY GAMES
OF ST. MAST'S COIXEGE
The Young Athletes Hope to Lo-wer
Many of Their Former Records
at the Annual Meet.
Oaklsnd Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 2.
The following table shows Lavigne is a
shade larger than Britt in all measure
ments except height. The former- will
present much the stockier . appearance
when they strip for action in the ring.
The table:
BniTT. LA_yiGNH.
6 fe«t 6 Inches Height 5 feet 3H inches
o^H- Inches Reach C5 inches
133 pounds Weight 133 pounds
IS Inches Neck 15*4 Inches
25V Inches Chest 37 inches
"<S inches ....Waist 32 Inches
12 inches ..........Biceps. 13 inches
J0 l . inches ........ Forearm 11 Inches
7 inches Wrist 7^4 inches
1»H Inches Thigh 20 inches
13 inches Calf 15^ inches
This flesh will give him an excellent
basis upon which to work, as both be and
Brltt will weigh In at 133 pounds, the
lightweight limit.
Brltt is living out of doors at Ala
zneda, storing up vitality for the most
important fight he has had up to the pres
ent time. Spider Kelly and Charlie Reno
are his mentors.
The former Is at Blanken's, hia
favorite resort, under the watchful eyes
of Mark Shaughnessy. The man from
Saglnaw has been taking only gentle ex
ercise and has increased his weight ten
pounds, now tipping the scales in ring
costume at 12S pounds.
KID LAVTGNE and Jimmie Britt have
settled down to training for their
meeting; on the 29th ins t.
Measurements of Boxers
Show Them Evenly
Matched.
Is Building Up in An
ticipation of Hard
Work.
KID LAVIGNE
GAINS WEIGHT
IN TRAINING
) ' PHOENIX,vArIz.," May 2.— Charles Liv
ingston "was shot *. this afternoon at ,4
o'clock in a saloon " at . Benson by James
Shcpard, who ¦ previous ' to that time ; had
been " a . warm, friend. - ¦ Livingston stag
gered- across the" floor,. fell. and was car
ried '-' to ' his - room, ; where he died three
hours later, i Shepard -was | under the 'In
fluence ' of liquor -and Livingston i tried to
"put hiiri toibed^ln doing so he 'accident
ally * scratched f Shepard's lace. • and S the
latter; thinking U" 1 was -done "purposely
arose.r staggered; behind^; the; bar,', got .a
gun ; and "shot- him in the left' breast. -
Drunken Man Kills , Friend.
Monday, May 4.
Btmr Coqullle .River, Johnson, . for Fort
Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PQRT LUDLOW— Sailed May 2— Stmr Santa
Barbara, . for. San Pedro. .
•SEATTLE — Arrived May 2 — Stmr FanHlon.
from Skaerway; Br stmr Yang Tsze, from Van
couver, . B C: Ftmr Discovery, from Unalaska.
Sailed May 2 — Bktn - Ruth. ¦ for Bristol Bay. ,
1 1 REDONDO — Arrived . May 2 — Stmr Geo
Loomis, hence May 1, and sailed for San Fran
cisco. - ~ - . ¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May . 2— Stmr
Olympla, from Hongkong; schr Ruth E God
frey, from San Pedro, for Ballard; schr Alice,
hence- Aorll 1(5, for Seattle. .-" - -
- Bound In May 2 — Schr>Phillpplne, from San
Dieeb. ' ¦ - - ; ¦•".-' " • - .
PORT HADLGCK— Arrived May 2— Bark
LevlG Burgess, hence April 13. ..';.¦ :
- BALLARD — Sailed -May. Wempe
Bros, for Redondo. . " •' ; ¦ ~:
•-#•; ' f"~r , OCEAN. STEAMERS. - ; v. - :'-¦:¦
' LIZARD — Passed May 3— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, from New York,- for Plymouth,-: Cherbourg
and Hamburz.' . ¦ ¦• - \ -v .-•:;•
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 2 — Stmr Cam
pania," from New York; for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. ' ' ' '" " • : ;.' " . Vi ',' "*,'¦:
. . ¦ . ¦ .. ¦ . ¦'. r.\'
Iiate Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Holly had fifteen chances at short in
yesterday's game and accepted them all
without an error. . _^"~
Rube Waddell was asleep In the ninth
when Josh Reilly hit one to the score
board.-He could have captured it if he
had started in time. ' ¦ . ,
Charley Reilly forced a man at third
twice in yesterday'S'came and each time
reached second whlleythe other putout
was being made.
Jimmy Whalen got to first three times
out of four trips to the bat, and made
the circuit once. , , .
Charley Reilly will not load the league
in \ batting , much longer if he does not
hurry up and get a hit. He has not
made one In three games. ;
Roach has a habit of letting out a loud
yell every , time a good one comes over
the home plate.
Nordyke made a great catch of Reilly's
foul in the fourth. He got the ball in one
mitt ' and . balanced it until It was , safe
in his grasp.
McPartlin is not quite so slow as he
used to be. Perhaps he would have won
out had be been more deliberate. ., t
Jimmy Whalen is suffering from* a se
vere sore throat, but nevertheless : Mor
ley' b men could not get to him very. hard.
Slagie may pitch for the Angels to-day.
He is a* young fellow, but' is said to be a
Hannivan is the first player to. get a
home run with the bases full this season.
Baseball Notes.
¦ c SAN i' RAFAEL,."" May ," 2.— Tho ' North
. Shore , Railroad • Company..- has : mortgaged
its entire property, f or $£.000,000 and given
the 'Mercantile Trust •'Company a'deed of
trust; f or . that amount. .'¦ The papers | were
filed late this " ; af ternoon in. the Recorder's
offlce of this , county. fjSjJ is "stipulated that
the. outstanding Vbonds :to the -amount : of
$1,400,000 shall be refunded and that a new
issue shall be made; that I the North Snore
Railroad -.Company,- in conjunction with
the Mercantile. Trust Company, shall is
sue / 6000 ¦ forty-year gold bonds of $1000
each, -bearing interest -at ,5-per cent- per
antiuxn:'££?!3»Q&! .. ¦ < ' ' " *
Six Million Dollars, the Consideration
. Named in Papers Uncorded in -
V V '¦* . ".'. 'v.' :: :San Rafael.' ;-'-V ;
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD
; . . . y FILES f& BIG : M0RTGAOE
A number of railway men will Journey
to the Oakland league grounds to-morrow
to see the opening game played by ' their
traffic team against the J. A. Folgers."
The grounds have been secured by Man
ager Brown from 12:30 o'clock on, and the
games during the season will begin ! at
that time. Bronson, formerly of.the-Sui
sun team, will bo in the box for the traf
fic men, while-Nichols will be in' the < box
for the Folgers. Both teams have a
strong line-up:'. . '..•¦• :'' '." . ;
. J. A. Folsers. Positions. -"Traffic Team.
Wynnes Catcher .Jenifer
Nichols Pitcher . . . . ...... /.Bronson
Morelock First base.........Pomeroy
Dalzell: Second base.... Fraser
Quls .*. . . Third base. Darms
Foley .v Shortstop Spenco
Ireland ." Left field. .... . . . .Settle
Bartley. ' Center field .Stubbs
Hughes Right field .Bell
Traffic Men vto Play . Baseball.
Ealtimore Men Bat^Young of Boston
• Out of the Box in One ;'
.;•' .Inning.---;' •._;¦- /.
'(- \ ' : AMERICAN LEAGUE.* • " ' • "•• ' " ".
DETROIT.; May ,2.— The _.Detrplts ; bunched
' their ' hits ;. In [ the seventh Inning: and : took the
second, game of the series, from Cleveland.: At
tendance, 1800. Score:, , . .
, ... .. v . .->..--— - ,*.; -, . ¦ ~ /r..- -. H< - .1 E; '
Detroit .....;.'...... 7 j - 10 > • 1
Cleveland ¦..:...;;."..." ;. :.'8 11' 4
• Batteries — Yeager and.-McGulre'; Taylor and
. Bemis.'. ,¦...;; ,'¦ . J- ; '-¦•-¦--•.¦¦ . - ¦< . . .-> • ., > j
¦ PHILADELPHIA, • May 2.— Th» ..American
League season Opened here to-day with* a .de
feat for the local . team - at the hands of'Wash
ington. Attendance, 1233. Score: • . • "
. -¦:. ,..;: ¦. •.'¦'.'••:¦:,¦¦ •¦--^ ' - ¦¦ 'R.-.-H.- E.
WafihlnBton. ;. ,7 12 1
Philadelphia ....«" 10 : v 1
Batteries-^Patton and "Drill I' ."Plank and
Powers.; ¦»•.¦¦¦..» .;;«-.- ¦'..=.• -;;¦*• .-t*'. .•;•. • ¦•'¦
¦: . BOSTON, May , 2.— Baltimore drove", Younif
from the box in one inning and batted Prentlss
at will thereafter/winning easily. Attendance,
4453. ' Scorer -
:.¦'•¦ ;•¦+; ':¦".. H - ', •- • - R. ; :H.:.iB.i
Boston .."".*. '..' 6 10 ' 6
Baltimore ; .....;. ;v . .-. .-. . . .'. . . ..14 ¦ .-. %1 ¦' ¦¦ 3
.; •'. Batteries— Young. \ Prentlss and ; Crlger; Mc-
Oinnity, Robinson and Brenahan. ';• ¦-•¦,; .•• '¦ "\
'.ST. LOUIS, " May 2.^-Chlcago : was shut out
to-day, Powell" allowing but five scattered -hits.
Long lilts at- timely intervals -gave .'.St.. Louis
an early lead.' • Attendance,- 1200. " Score:
••,'.. • ¦ • ¦. : • ¦¦,'<:' ¦'.¦• ¦ :R- H.-.' E.
St. Louis I..'.".'....". ..." 7 ' 10 '•• 2
Chicago .'... ¦.....'...;..*..:. r" 0 ,'. 5:.. 2
.'*•' Batteries— Powell and '» Sugden;- Gar\-ln and
Sullivan. ,, , ¦ . -'<¦' ¦', . ¦ .: . - •_• -. .:
¦ NATIONAL LEAGUE. , '¦-•i :'v -/;
PITTSBURG, May 2.— Wicker made the best
showing of any St. Louis, pltcherso.farin. the
series. Attendance, 2100." Score: .
- -'¦. '\: '¦¦^,- :.'•.'• .;:•¦;;•:,¦.. E-_R.-:oH.-r-vB.:
Pittsburg 4 7 1
St. Louis- ....V.'..'..:......;..... 1 • 8 r • 3
¦' ¦ Batteries— Leever . and O'Cbnnor; and
Ryan." •; Umpire^Emslle. ; " . ;¦ _;__._•• \ .¦ \ *¦ ;
. . CHICAGO, " May .2— The Chlcagos , were ' out
played ¦ in all' departments ; of the garner to-day,
Cincinnati . doing « much ; cleaner fielding and
hitting at the right '. time. ?, 'Attendance, 3000.
¦Score:'". '," ¦ - : -"i ':>¦'¦ :-''.-.'.-.:-."../< .¦.¦:¦;¦•..¦..-..,
.>:;: .•":-.•¦¦¦''•¦: (^'fi','. f^ H.' E.
Chicago '. 2. , 9 4
Cincinnati ;6 • ll,^ -• 0
¦-•¦••".'- -'"¦•'•¦-'¦ ¦ i'i - ; '-:¦•• V-- : -' '• ' ¦
DETBOITS BUNCH: HITS V ; \ 7 . t
j AND ' DEFEAT CLEVELAND
spectlng the cells of this station Alfleri,
the grand opera singer, .who traveled with
Grau but ¦ who 'is now under arrest for
forgery, sang '.'The t Holy City." . The of
ficials and the prisoners in the cells main
tained silence while . the. clear, strong
notes of the singer rang . through the
prison. '•¦ -' ¦ 7 ' ' -.' ..¦••¦¦
The tour of inspection .was commenced
at . the Central station. On. Merchant
street the • men from' the Central 'station
and also from the Harbor [ station were
arranged in two lines, one on each side
of' the I street. The ' Central station I force
was' under, the command of Lieutenant
John Martin^ aided by acting Lieutenant
Helms and Sergeants 'Burnett,. Donovan,
Christiansen and 'Kelly. • The men' from
the Harbor. station were: commanded' by
Captain Dunleavy, assisted by Sergeants
Mooney, : Ellis, Cook .and' Mahoney.. The
men from the Central- station -numbered
OF SAN - FRANCIS-'.
V CO'S FINEST AND OFFICIALS
WHO INSPECTED THEM.
Pitcher Dowling Is Wild and Errors
Are Numerous.
SACRAMENTO. May 2.— Dowling was
unable to find the plate .iri"^ to-day's
game. Oakland virtually won the game
in the first inning by scoring four runs
with only one hit, as the other three
runs which they tallied were . not
needed. The Sacramentos .went wrong
after witnessing . Dowllng's wild work,
and errors were numerous. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- E.
Sheehan. 3 b 5 0 3 0 14 0
Hulen. 2 b 4 0 2. 0 2 1 1
Doyle, rf 6 O 0 O 3 0 .1
P.ebsaroen, cf 4 1 3 3 1 1 1
Unglaub, g. ¦ 4 0 0 0 6 2 1
Eagan, If 4 1 0 0 2 0" 1
Birmingham, lb..... 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
Graham, c 3 0 1 0 3 3 0
Dowling, p 4 110 0 8 2
Totals 36 3 10 3 27 14 ~7
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf 4 10 0 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b 2 2 0 0 3 8 0
Strelb, lb.... 4 0 0 0 11, 0 0
McCreedle, If 6 2 1 1 0 0.0
Devereaux, 8b 4 1- 2 0 0 3 1
Schmidt, rf 3 0 '0 0 2 8 0
Francks, e. a 11114 2 0
Lehman, c... 8 0 0 0 5 0 0
Hodson, p 1 0 0 0 Oil
Totals 27 7 4 2 27 12 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 10 02 0 0 0 — 8
Base bits 2 0 3 0 0 2 2 0 1 — 10
Oakland 4 00011100—7
Base hits 1 00011100—4
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Graham. Two-base hlU —
Sheehan, Hulen. Sacrifice hit — Hodson. First
base on errors — Sacramento' 2, Oakland 3.
First base on called balls — Dowllng 10, Hod
eon 3. Left on bases — Sacramento 0, . Oakland
6. Struck out — By Dowllng 2, Hodson 1/ Hit
by pitcher — Mohler, Lohman. Double plays —
Unglaub to Birmingham, Mohler (unassivtrd).
Wild pitch — Dowling-. Time of game — 2 houra
10 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell. , • Scorer —
Rutherford. y>- .
OAKLAND WINS HANDILY.
It looks as though the Angels and- the
Ponies would Just about break even- on
the series. At present the Ponies are- a
game ahead.' . ; ,.
The Mayor complimented the officers at
the Central station on the neat manner in
which everything was arranged about the
prison and in . the kitchen. While - the
Mayor, Chief and Commissioners were in-
comer. He is also rated as a slugger,
and can field some. ' — ~ . •
The policemen, without an exception,
made a fine appearance and executed the
few movements required of them with
precision and promptness. Everything
was found to be In good condition about
the various prisons.
MAYOB IS COMPLIMENTARY.
Contrary to the custom established in
former years, the officers did not parade
in military fashion on Van Ness avenue,
but simply, formed in line in the streets
adjacent to the stations. This ! arrange
ment, although not spectacular, was
pleasing to the men. After the inspection
of the men the inspectors turned their at
tention to the prisons and the quarters
of the officers.
" nished to the brightest hue, with
their clubs polished and suspended at
their sides, with their hands incased in
soft white gloves **id with their shoes
bearing the evidence of a recent visit to
the bootblack, the members of the Police
Department assembled yesterday after
noon at the various stations for annual
inspection by Mayor Schmltz, Chief Witt
man and the Police Commissioners.
ATTIRED In their nattiest uni
forms, with their stars and but
. tons and the brazen decorations
on their, belts and helmets bur-
, '¦" ¦ •'" ' r ' .' R.' H.\ E.
Boston ' ; 4 ¦ . 4 : . 2
'Brooklyn;..; '.....¦......"... 2 0/ 4
... Batteries— Plttlnjjer - and' Moran; Donovan
and Ahearn. Umpire—^O^Day. — . ; : -
NEW YORK, ¦ May -2.— Boston" defeated
Brooklyn to-day in ; the . second game of their
series at 'Washington Park. 'Attendance, 2100.
Score: ¦' • , : »; -f. .. • , _¦.>.¦¦..»
; Batteries— Felix, and , Jacklltsch; Evans and
Bowerman. Umpires — Brown and Power. •
5 NEW- YORK, i May 2.— In one of the fastest
games played this season the New York team
•defeated Philadelphia at the -Polo grounds to
day, making their sixth straight victory Blnce
last Saturday. Attendance, 6200. ' 'Score: I
¦.¦¦.;.:/.. ' ¦ . , : ¦ . - . . ¦ V ,R.' H. E.
Philadelphia,- ...' 1 ' " 4 1
New York-:... ;...¦.'.-.. ...... ;..*.. .'5 - 11 : 1
Batteries — St. > Vraln . and ' Kahoe ; ¦ Currle • and
Peitz. • • Umpire— Cantllllon.' ' " . ¦
• • The men, j 262 j in, number, . with twenty
officers, were in line on the Larkin street
side of the/ City Hall. . They presented a
splendid I appearance. All . the equipment
was in first-class condition, and person
ally the men : looked as If they had ar
ranged their toilet for a pink te^a.*
• The tour of scrutiny was closed at the
Seventeenth-street ' station, where . the
stalwart officers who guard the citizens of
the Mission' were. put through the.paces.
They were lined up on Seventeenth street
in front of their headquarters. They were
under command "of Acting Captain M. A.
Anderson and Lieutenant Price. v At the
conclusion . of * the inspection . the Mayor
and <the Commissioners expressed them
selves as being pleased' with the showing
made by the: Police Department. - \ ¦
MEN FORM IN I-INE.
¦ one hundred, , while the harbor contin
gent was fifty strong. The inspection at
the Central station, as at the two other
stations, was , rather a. perfunctory per
formance. The inspectors merely walked
. past the men without pausing. to examine
their equipment or dress.'-. ¦ ¦¦ '
- . After completing their work at the Cen
5 tral station the Mayor, Chief and Com
missioners went to the Southern station,
- where •¦ the v officers from the Southern,
North"End, O'Farrell-street and Stanyan
. street ¦ stations were in line, . under the
command of Captain Splllane, ' aided by
-Lieutenant Birdsall, Lieutenant Jisola,
v acting Lieutenant Shea and Sergeant
Coogan, . who . had charge of the mounted
. officers -. from the park. ¦ At this station
the same procedure as at the Central sta
tion .was gone, through by the inspectors.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, 1. f. S 1 1 0 2 0 0
Bone, r. 1 4 0 1 0 0 0\ 0
Nordyke. lb... 5 1 4 0 16 0 N l
Hollr, b. s 4 10 2 8 7 0
Stiu&art. 3b 5 110 13 1
Leahy, c 4 12 12 0 0
Lawler. c. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
J. Reilly. 2b 5 0 2 0 0 6 0
Whalen, p 5 1 1 0 0 6 1
Total* 41 6 12 3 SO 22 ~3
LOS ANGELES.
- ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, «. « 5 0 0 0 4 4 VI
Hannivan. Vt 4 2 10 10 0
Householder, c. t 5 0 2 0 3 0 0
Raymer, 2b.. 4 0' 1 0 5 2 1
C. Reilly. Sb .... S 0 0 0 3 2- V
Roach, c... 5 0 1 1 2 1 0
Hanlon. lb 3 1 0 0 10 0 1
Waddell. r. f 4 110 0 0 0
McPartlln. p........ 3 110 0 0 0
Totals 38 6 7 1 »28 14 ~4
•One out when winning: run was scored.
RTJNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles... 0 00040010 0 — 5
• Base hits 0 01120110 1—7
San Franclsco.O 00200210 1 — 6
Base hlts....l 0^12 1 1 2 1 1 2—12
SUMMARY. '
Home run — Hannivan. Two-base hits — Nor
dyke (2), Shugart. Leahy. J. Reilly. Sacrifice
hits — Lawler, McHale, Raymer. Bone. First
base on errors — San Francisco 4, Los Angeles
3. First base on called balls — Off Whalen 3,
oft McPartlln 3. Left on bases — San Francisco
10, Los Angeles 7. Struck out — By Whalen 2,
by McPartlin 3. Hit by pitcher — Leahy.
Double play — J. Reilly to Holly to Nordyke.
Time o£ same — 2:20. Umpire — McDonald.
SAN FRANCISCO.
The Ponies became busy and. ham
mered out two runs in the fourth. Then,
just to sustain interest and incidentally
to make himself -solid with Morley, Han
nivan hit It out of the lot while the
southerners were lamenting on the bags
because 'two had been called out. The
Ponies went- to It again in the seventh,
aided by two cushion punches by Nor
dyke and Leahy, and - Hanlon's error of
Holly's easy pop fly.
In the eighth both were made glad with
another tally, and it was aces up ah
around. The ninth was played without
any balloons arising. Bobby McHale
opened- round ten for the locals with a
clean single past short. Bone sacrificed
him as far as second, and Nordyke's
fourth hit put an end to all the fun and
made Uncle Henry a happy man, for Mc-
Hale was on the spot with the run which
counted most.
Lawler made a spectacular catch of
Hanlon's long drive In the eighth. The
little chap did the turn with one mitt and
robbed Hanlon of a two-bagger. It was
really a mean thing to do, for Hanlon
needs base hits as badly as some peopl*
need the money.
Nordyke did some fine stunts with the
ash. Out of five times at the stand he
secured two doubles and as many singles.
There might have been a different tal«>
to tell had not Reilly and Hanlon made
bad errors in tight places, but the crowd
received all that was due and nobody had
anything disagreeable to say except
Morley. .He felt sore and was not so
much to' blame. The score:
IT all happened In the second scene
of the tenth* act of a little comedy
drama written by one James Morley
and entitled "Oh! "What a Shame!"
It was a measly shame, and for two
reasons: Snowball McPartlln was as ag
gravating and as effective as ever, and
Hannivan cleared the fence with a wal
lop when every base was decorated with
an Angrel. Still the southern land did
not land in the limit and the Ponies
packed off the bulky end of .the 6 to B
package. - . . V . .
It was the strenuous artlcle.m'om • th«
drop of the hat. Several kinds of fancy
ball were crowded into the struggle, ' in
cluding good pitching, rank errors and
blood-curdling catches. It swayed from
one side to the other, and both sides had
eever"al ! chances to be It until the last
batch of fireworks was exploded. All the
fans and those who were not fans, but
merely came to lamp- around, agreed
that they h'ad really Beamed upon the
best game the season has so far offered
the public.
Hannivan Gets a Homer
With Three Men on
Bases.
Both Teams Play Good
Ball for Ten See- V
Saw Innings.
NORDYKE WINS
A GREAT GAME
FOR PONIES
Equipment and Quarters of Men; Examined by the
Mayor arid Board of Cpmmissipners.
POLICE ARE AT THEIR BEST ,
AT THE ANNUAL INSPECTION
5
Only Safe Medicine for Babies
The insides of babes-in-arms and little chil-
/w25™^ ren are ve! 7 e^ cate anc * tender. Mothers must
/^^ffiaj&klk not be recIt^ ess in the use of physics. There is
/^iiir^SpilL ° nly ° ne gentle> P erfect t safe medicine for babies:
fv^I^ ./roll*l J'S,* 8Care J 8 l r i^ fl ? 9 for v 1 »<Jl«» Trtth Infants, as they Veep both
Y311S5 •¦ jflCSm mother and chlM from baoominj bilious. I ub« them daily la
V^?*l /*^.W^K2S>/ m^ pr » ctlce - Dr - A - E - GrJffln, Stubble2eld, Tex.
VgSjy^ 4~3>» fsfHJCf ETea B^ Da!>y boy like* thorn."— Mrs. Llda Cermak, Jersey City.
xSilk *^ F&2& #>1 f onni Casearets, In th» case of
«a»BFTi|mi / i ii^i ra y oaoy who is not very stronsr. ths
r^\ "^(ftS'^^^T^ yer 7 k" s * medicine I ever used. They
. •¦ \ T %'. ¦ ' II do rast what you raconunend." — Mrs.
j^jdr*.' l^i- S- »• Chapman, Stephens JIUls.N. T.
' S^^Tzlkl I /»l\*£>*.'~-'.s:ji - . "I think Casearets splendid. Tbey
Jr j "XItTjIN - _l k. lPty&i£e& haT0 benefited me trreatly. My baby
J*!>:r \f \- v\St j*^ 1 * WB * afflicted with cronp^and Cascaret*
S\. >¦* ' 1<L^£ m IL L*£ ivi£$£» ¦'Masama has nsfd Ca*carot» and pe-
• ".>¦.• ¦¦:^«.«,jfr~"" / ,^S?t3» J&X&k eetved great benettt. She thinks they
ijLfZ/^f^^ *^*J&i59k9: < fjV<fi2r&&- •" wonderful, and e»ve them to our
IT £>' . • baby befor*- h« was threw years old."—
I &y Alice Sewell, 691 Eighth Sc.,S. Boston,
\ \r7///.\ _^^^r- . J ' "Our baby wa., tick andweweroad-
SC/J'A J^ " ' I 'S i Tiled to try Caseareta. Ho was en-
/ Y/r /( / FiSPi+J Jfttik tIrBl^ cur8<1 - w " snnnot lay toomuclx
/ tx £/ /k /»*5«ga'w M^ _^Jr^r ~ iIrs - iIoUioEowman ' Metropolis, Til.
. >/ f*m^f f "s£^*~^^S&£2r "Cascnrets are Indispensable for
V\/ , f A SK£3bgrff]?l 7$&3 youn? children and always bring bat«
1 ' ' ¦""** * "i<lWif<MifS^"TSBMmTfll^ fi ' — Henry Joyn». P. M.. Wesley, S.D.
1 . . '^ 1 V'mi a 'iTiMITiffl> liffi^Py %A§M "Caacarets work *aiy and without
\ A.«\ Vf 1 pain. I have (riven them to my bablea
1 i^£0>W £*£82$s£*fta* <? *T with splendid results."
\*"^^>V W%ttS*^iiF ! yff\& ivt — Mrs. E. Bettae, St. Ix>ul», Mo.
• V^^ £jp »* I W&W "Cascarpta ar« wonderfully good fo*
*:-'.'„ Y-~ ¦¦ — Mrs. VTm. Eoaa." Oataioonnt, N. T.
Mamma takes a CASCARET, baby gets the benefit. Isn't that good sense? The
sweet; palatable Candy Cathartic Cascaret, .eaten by the nursing mother, not
only regulates her system and increases her flow of milk, but makes her milk .
mildly purgative. JBaby gets the effect diluted and as'part of its regular/natural
food;— no,violence--n6 danger— perfectly natural results. No more sour curds in
baby's stomach, no more wind, colic, restless nights. .. . ' - .
/?T\i»A14ft4'TV Mt for the Bowels.' All druggists, ioc, 25c, 50c. Never aoltf la talk.
lVV»VvW^Vfc5 Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
m&^0^ t»ck. Sample and booklet free. Address /
-^^WHBB^^^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or N«w York. bj
\ Our Made-to-Ontergi| J
Are the perfection of |Mi$W$| Wi
tailoring in point of w^^pwMT
fit and style; in fact, wW^^MW
in all the requisites ' v6%^|^^'"
of good dressing. vp$M?
The fabrics used in \'*$/f*
their construction \bs< i(if'
are exclusive <ie- \j$» \j'x
signs and have the |V V V
best wearing quali- K)] W
ties as well as smart Jl£ \e
appearance. We will &*\. - ] v
make you a suit for ***
One Dollar a Week
and you may wear it while paying for it
128 ElliS St. AbovePcnvell
San Francisco.Science is now, trying the experiment of vaccinat
ing cattle to prevent •. the . appearance of . blackleg!
,What a splendid triumph it would be if science could
apply" with success .its cure ¦ to human ; beings of dis
eased, morality, ; - . ,
, . . ¦ r ' -...-..
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, May '• 2.— The following
Calif ornlans have "arrived: , San Francis
co — J.* ; Bowden a t the S t. George ; . Miss Er
Davlson and W. Davison, at : the ' Holland ;
Mrs. P. Franklin, at .the \ Savoy; • J. '. Mc-
Davi tt, at I the Gilsey ; Miss F. Read ; and
T. v R. Read . and ,t, wife, at the St. George;
G. TV... Richardson; at the St.- Denis;, M.
Brandenstein, at the Hoffman; A. T. Hen
derson, at^the; Grand Union; I. H.. Ople
and wife, at the 'Herald', Squares V ,
-i Los > Angeles— Miss ' Veeder? and • Miss L.
M. Woodward,; at the Victoria. „',
Sacramento is. enjoying the unique spectacle of
seeing a man who was sent to the asylum for" the in
sane sitting as a- member of, the Board of Trustees.
The other members of the board' can see no,incon
gruity in the situation. -V.
The Santa Cruz murderer who was sentenced the
other, day to serve ah imprisonment of ninety years
in the penitentiary probably : would have thought
that^the gentle spirit of 'mercy : had 'descended upon
him if. his sentence had been for life. . '• '.
Allen's Foot-Ease, a. powder. Makes tisht or new
shoes feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunions, Swollen
Tired. Sweating.- Aching feet. 30.000 testlmonl
lals. At drusKists & shoe stores. 23c. Ask to
day. Sample Free. A. S. Olmsted. Le Roy, N. T
Shake Into Your Shoes
. . CLOSING A DAY-B. L. L. Jamestown
Cal. The following is an answefto your
question about a day's difference In sail
ing from east to west. Aay person trav
eling around the world from west to east
with his watch set to the time of «he
place at which he started, will note that
the sun comes to his meridian, or noon
four minutes earlier than, his watch for
every degree passed over, one : hour for
every fifteen degrees and twenty-four
hours for 360 degrees, the total circuit of
the earth. In other -words, every one who
completes such a Journey gains a day,
and to > dispose of this superfluous day
so as to make his reckoning correspond
with that of his starting place, he must
call the day on which he gets back (or on
which he passes some certain point or
meridian line) and the next following day
of the week and month by the same name
and date, having thus two Mondays, for
example. On' the other^and, 1 every per
son traveling from east to .west in mak
ing a complete circuit of the 'earth, to
his calendar; ; must skip lone day
of some week.
A local pugilist found tRe other day that he had no
pull when trying in the Federal building to evade the
payment of a liquor license. - He certainly, missed the
office of the Internal Revenue Collector, or perhaps
he is not in the political set. j
Thirty to forty miles an hour i9 the rula
for railroad trains in Russia: in Siberia,
nfteen to twenty. w "~
NEW ORLEANS AND SAN FRANCIS
CO-W. j. P., Sierra Blanca. Cal The
area of New • Orleans is 196% square
miles; the area of San Francisco is 4ni
square miles. The population of New Oi
leans is. according to the census of 1900
287,104, and San , Francisco Is 342,782 Ac^
cording to population. - San Francisco is
the ninth larg-est city in the United States
and New Orleans the thirteenth
Some of the divorce suits of Klondike millionaires
which are working their merry .way through 'the
courts of this city an'd of Oakland seem to reverse
the old adage and prove that when wealth comes in
at the door love flies out through the window.
The Northern Pacific Railway la th» b«»t.
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlstoa
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wayon roads
to either Warrena or Dixie, from which point 1
the trails Into this district are most accessible.
Fon rates, etc. address T. K. STATEUER.
G. A.. 647 Market St.. S. F.
fr*' Going 'to Thunder Motmtaln f?
Three hundred and thirty-flve places of
worship provide 166,391 sittings for mem
bers of the Presbyterian church of Eng
land, v
SEVEN UP-C. M... City. If in the game
of. seven up,' or "old sledge." as it is also
called.- the players^adhere to the rules
the dealer, by a misdeal, loses the deal'
If. however, the game is played, as many
do nowadays, in any old way, it makes no
difference if there is a misdeal or not
The Governor of Kansas is of the opinion that pro
hibition has produced a different type 'of young man
from any other on the planet. .The Governor is
probably right, but he was unkind not to tell us what
sort of a young fellow the youth of Kansas is. \
Special Information , supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A NOTE-M. C, City. . A promissory
note in California runs for four years
after maturity; if executed in the State,
and for two years* if executed outside of
the State. -1 :r 1 :¦.'...
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a"
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Oakland girls are nothing if not; original. One
of, them was surprised by an armed burglar and the'
strict injunction to keep quiet the other night' and
she screamed till the* marauder fled in terror. That
young lady possesses an invincible armament in her
lungs. . ' {} " ¦'" ; .-' ' ¦ ' ',;-, ; ¦ ¦'¦- .
Prunes stuffed with aprIcots.Tawnsend's.»
ELEME FIGS-A. N. E., City. Eleme
figs are so named from the fact that they
are grown and prepared for the market
in Eleme, a small village near Smyrna.
Dr.YVy.' A. Rese, Dr. 'I. Q. Shaw, both of
Sacramento," and Dr. I.* .W. Hayes of
Grass ;Valley,aro spending a few days In
the city and .have made* their headquar
ters at the ; Grand.
Thomas J. Kirk,' State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, is here from Sacra
mento and. is staying at. the; Palace.
Dr. W.'. L. \ La wlor, superintendent of
the Home for Feeble Minded at.', Glen
Ellen, Is a guest at the Grand.
J. B. . de Jarnatt, an extensive fruit
grower of Colusa, registered at. the Occi
dental yesterday.
D. McPherson, edl{or of the Sentinel of
Santa Cruz, is among the guests at the
Occidental.. ¦„ \ V.f,
Somers B. Fulton, County Clerk of
Sonoma ' County, is among the arrivals
at (the Lick. ; ;v ; v
Nathan Cole Jr., a real estate man and
capitalist of Los Angeles, Is at the Cali
fornia, . ../-¦
A. W. Simpson, the well-known lumber
dealer of Stockton, is staying at the Occi
dental.
Allen B. LennonV a newspaper proprie
tor of Santa Rosa, is at the Occidental.
EC. Clark, Mayor of Santa Cruz, is
at the Grand. . .. :
Dr.-; Thomas Flint and wife of San Juan
are at the Palace. ; '
M., Biggs Jr., a well-known capitalist of
Orovllle, lsat the Grand.
L. H.:Hatfleld, formerly Mayor of Sac
ramento, is! at the Occidental. ; .
Nicolas Tubino, Italian Vice Consul at
Honduras, Is at the Occidental.
Dr. G. F. Shiels ~ leaves to-day for a
three months' trip to New York.
W. H. Devlin,- an, attorney of Sacra
mento, Is registered at the Lick.
R..G. Barton, a theatrical manager of
Fresno, Is a guest at the California.
HUSBAND— A. N. E., City. The word
husband is derived from the Anglo-Saxon
hus, a house, and bonda, a master of a
family.
It is said that Lord Pauncefote must leave his
Washington post because of a stubborn case of gout.
It is surely for him an unfortunate incident that his
aristocratic affliction did not "offend him before the
publication of the correspondence which showed us
who were and who were not our friends during the
war with Spain. , ¦ ,
Professor Burr's address was directed mainly to
the work of construction. According to his estimates
the commission gives eight years for the completion
of the Nicaragua and ten for the Panama canal, but
these figures ought .to be changed. Among the
statistics were the following: Excavation, 98,000,
000 cubic yards for Panama, 228,000,000 for Nicar
agua; amount' of iron and steel, 33,000 tons for Pan
ama, 40,500 tons for Nicaragua; number of curves,
on Panama route 29, on Nicaragua route 56; length
of curves, . for Panama 23 miles, for Nicaragua 49
So much has been said by Senator Morgan and
others. about the defective title to the Panama route
it is somewhat surprising to note that Mr. Morrison
contends that the' Panama title is the better of the
two. On that point he says: "The Panama position is
legally. in a "much clearer light than is the Nicaragua
position. It has an absolute quitclaim from any one
who has. any rights there, but all they have at
Nicaragua . is the assurance of the Government that
it has forfeited certain rights which had been granted
but never have been used." . '
The points of superiority on the part of Panama
are, first; that the toute is so much the shorter, that
a vessel can pass it in one-third of the time
required to go through the Nicaragua route; sec
ond, the Panama canal will cost less than the other,'
and, finally, as Mr. Morrison put it: "The Panama
canal, taking up a narrow portion of the isthmus, will
not interfere in any way with the countries on either
side. It is, simply the occupation of a line of transit,
which ' can be kept entirely , free from international
complications. As the Suez canal is the recognized
boundary between Asia and Africa, so the Panama
canal should be the recognized boundary between
North and South America."
PROFESSOR WILLIAM H. BURR and
George S. Morrison, members of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, recently addressed the
Massachusetts Reform Club and gave their reasons
for preferring Panama to Nicaragua as a route for
the isthmian canal. Mr. Morrison, who was the
principal speaker, stated that twenty years ago the
construction of a canal at Panama would have been
so expensive that it would have been desirable at that
tUne to choose the Nicaragua canal, bur that is no
longer the situation. "The changes which have
taken place* in the merchant marine," said he, "have
been so rapid that while Nicaragua might have been
a good substitute at that time, it could not be so
now." - %
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL ROUTE,
Gunner Morgan has at last received the commis
sion for which he struggled and which was so per
sistently denied to him because his social status was
not what some of our great naval captains thought
it should be. Can it be possible that this promotion
means a revolution in the etiquette of naval afternoon
teas?
An urchin of our acquaintance went to
church one Sunday morning when the
minister preached about Samson, the
strong man of Israel. On his return
from the service his father began to
Catechise him.- ,;~ ..• '-'.^
"Can you tell me what th© sermon, -was
about, Willie?" .
"Yes, papa, I know what It was
about, but I didn't like that sermon very
well." - v.fj
"Why not. my boy?"
"Because the preacher talked all the
time about Sampson; never said a word
about Dewey."— Uttle Chronicle (Chi
cago.) ..> ' F .'-'.:;¦: sSv&'its*
¦ • ¦
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's«
''I'll make all the noise I want to." bel
ligerently responded the man at the news
stand. "I'm sellln' 'Ram's Horns.* "
Little Georgie was taken by his aunt
to see the newcomer, aged one day. He
was duly' and profoundly impressed with
the specimen, and asked where the little
brother came from. "God sent it," an
swered the aunt, reverently. The answer
made a deep impression on Little Georgie,
for that afternoon he was seen out In the
backyard gazing up Into the deep blue sky
and spreading his diminutive apron ex
pectantly as he said: "Dear God, please
me one down, too."— Troy Press.
"You needn't make so much noise about
it,'.' grumbled the crusty citizen.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Taper, "Autobiography of Anton Rubin
stein," Mrs. WJlllam A. Deane; sonsr, "Pru
llngszelt" ' (Reinhold Becker), Miss Etta M.
Eiben; piano, "Scherzo Op. Si" (Chopin), Miss
Julia Rapier Tharp; songs (a). "The" Quest"
(Ele&nor Smith), (b) VL'Esclave" (Lalo), Miss
Elsie Arden, accompanied by Mrs. A. J. Leon
ard; piano (a), "Etude Op. 10. No. 12" (Cho
pin), <b) "Lieibestraume No. 8" (Liszt), (c)
"Hungarian Dance No. t5" (Brahms), Miss
Julia Rapier Tharp. "•-:
The San Francisco Musical Club held a
most enjoyable session yesterday after
noon at Century Hall, where the.mem
bers and many lnvite*d guests listened to
a well arranged' and ably rendered pro
gramme under the direction of. Miss Flor
ence Doane. The following programme
was given:
Miss Ida B. Overman and Harry B.
Gregg •frere married Thursday evening at
the residence of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Wellington Gregg Jr., 2601 Fill
more street. J Rev.- W. f K. Guthrie of
ficiated. The happy couple are touring
the south during their honeymoon and
will reside In this city upon their return.
Dr. Calvin W. Knowles, Joseph B. Duggan,
David B. : Torres, CArcy Stewart, M. de Lyons.
Harry Bailey. Robert Marshall. George Fuller.
Allan W. Diamond, Herbert "Walters.
the club had -the arrangements, of the
dance in hand: . : -.-:-.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Mrs. Milton H. Cooke left Thursday fop
Paris.
Dr. and Mrs. Jame3 A. Black, with
tlveir little son, left for San Rafael on
Thursday. They will remain at the hotel
a month, "after, which Mrs. Black will
take a short trip to the mountains.
" • * • |
Alfred S. Gump Is on his way to Eu
rope.
At Los Angeles on Thursday Mls3 Em
ily Jarvis became the bride of Edwin T.
Earl of that city. Mrs. Earl is a former
resident of Louisville, Ky. After her
wedding trip to Europe Mrs. Earl will
reside in Los Angeles, where her hus
band has prepared a beautiful home.
• ? .• • ¦•
Mrs. Lovell White was guest of honor,
at a dinner given In Los Angeles on
Wednesday by Mrs. Mary Stetson at her
residence. A number of the most prom
inent : women attending the convention
were among the guests.
Miss Elizabeth Burt, sister of Mrs. C. J.
Wilder, sailed for the Orient yesterday,
the guest of Major and Mrs. L. W. Cooke.
Major Cooke goes to the Philippines to
join the Twenty-sixth Infantry, in Luzon.
The two ladies after a visit. to the Philip
pines will tour China and Japan, and re
turn to this city In the fall.
The evil effect of undesirable immigration is in
creased by the fact that it affects those who most,
need protection from it. American labor in the
struggle for existence is brought into direct compe
tition with the new corners, who are willing to con
tinue in this country the low standard of life and
wages to which they were accustomed at home. It
is nothing more than justice to the American work
ingman that he should be freed from that kind of
competition. A better system of immigrant re
striction is therefore one of the imperative duties of
the time. • : .
Upon that phase of the question the report says:
"The existing immigration .law prohibits the landing
of paupers who are likely to become a public
charge; idiots and insane persons; persons suffer
ing from loathsome or dangerous contagious dis
eases; persons who have been convicted of a felony
or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; polygam
ists; prostitutes, and persons who ""are assisted by
others to come here. But, notwithstanding those
provisions, a glance through our charity reports, a
visit to our asylums, our hospitals, our police courts
and our prisons discloses the alarming fact that a
kirge majority of the victims are the product of the
too careless enforcement of our laws and of *a grow
ing remissness of our nation's rights." '
Of course there is no objection now any more than
in the past to desirable immigrants. As the report
says: "The advantages of the immigrant to the re
public cannot be overestimated. It has but begun
to develop our vast and unoccupied domains, and the
State of Texas alone, if as thickly settled as Massa
chusetts, would contain a population of 50,000,000."
The objection runs, then, not against immigration it
self, but to the coming of unfit persons who add to
the pauper and to the criminal population, or, if
above that grade, are still an evil element in the com
munity, by reason of the fact that they underwork
American labor and tend to bring down the standard
of American life to the level of Eastern or Southern
Europe.
The report directs attention again to the change
that has come over the character of the migration
from Europe to this country. In times past the
great bulk of the immigrant population readily,
blended into the composite of American life, but
now, says the report, "the solution has become super
saturated and a discoloration of American life, lan
guage and manners has commenced." In former
times it required the energy of enterprise to come
to America, and an expenditure of money, time and
endurance was the price of immigration; but now
"five or six days in an express steamship, and per
haps a prepaid passage, or at most a ticket for from
$12 to 18, is about the only cost of admission to the
United States." Then we had few cosmopolitan
cities, but now we have foreign colonies in all our
large cities, and the immigrant, if of a low character,
is kept absolutely away from all Americanizing in
fluences.
WHILE Washington authorities are seem
ingly giving little or no attention to the
immigration f problem, the people of New-
York, noting the great stream of immigrants from
Southern and Eastern Europe that is flowing
through their city, arc making vigorous efforts to
bring about a more effective system cf restriction
upon undesirable immigration. Recently the Repub
lican Club of New York published a carefully pre
pared report on the subject, which ably demonstrates
the inefficiency of the existing laws and the impor
tance of the issue to the public welfare.
THE IMMIGRANT PROBLEM.
TWO POPULAR YOUNG WOMEN WHO WERE AMONG THE GUESTS
AT THE ASSEMBLY GIVEN BY THE ARGONAUT ' CIATB LAST
NIGHT AT THE PALACE. ¦¦"• ? : , ; . : ¦ , . • • -
SATURDAY MAY 3, 1902
JOHN Dr'SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Cocmcciettioiis to W. S.' LEASE, Manager.
PCBLI CATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third. S. F.
EDITOItlAL HOOKS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Axk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered l»y Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Sfnsrlr- Copied, JV Cent*.
Termn by Mail. Including l'ontnsret
DATL.T CALL (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DATLT CALL (lncluJtr.g Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL <«nc!u<JIng Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receire
•nbscrlptlona.
Eerr.ple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers tn ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXU OFFICE HIS UroadTvay
C. GEORGE ICIIOGXESS.
tfer&ger Foreiga Advertising, Mtrquette Building Chicago.
<Lobk Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAIILTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK! REPRESENT ATIVE: •
STEPHE.V II. SMITH.... SO Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
- Ehennan TJrrsse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. .. .1400 G St., N. W.
SIORTOK 1Z. CltA\E. Correspondent.
"NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: '
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 EleventhJ open until 9'
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call tnbicrlben contemplating- a. change. «1
residence daring the summer .month* can 'have
(heir paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses by nottfylner The Call Business Office.
Tht* paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented oy a local agent in
all toirns on the coast.
In this connection it is worth noting that the dis
cussion of the responsibility of the beef trust for the
high price of beef has led to a' careful calculation of
the amount of beef controlled by the trust," and while
the figures may not be strictly reliable they are at
least interesting. The National Provisioner says:
"There are killed in this' country about 11,000,000,
cattle, including calves; about 5,000,000 of these are
'killed at the fifty odd; official>orTinspected*abattOirs,
while about 6,000,000 are killed at the' other 900 un
official abattoirs and by farmers and small slaugh
terers all over this country. The whole of the cattle
and calves as well as the hogs "and sheep slaughtered
by the five packers in question are killed at the Gov
ernment inspected abattoirs, : and are among the
5,000,000 head given out by the Secretary of Agricul
ture as our official slaughter. 'Assuming that the
five concerns cited kill 3,000,000 of the total, there,re
main the other 2,000,000 and the 6,000,000- of outside'
cattle— 8,000,000 head in all — to - hit the market in
competition. With so much >beef and veal for com
petition the outside concerns would kill -any such
combine if.it existed."
If -the figures stated are reliable it is evident the
Complaint against the trust is urifouhded. It is fur
ther to be .borne in mind that' there was a heavy
shortage in the corn crop last year, and consequently
the farmers did not raise so many beeves as usual for
the market. In any event there is no reason for any
excitement over the matter. We. have only to'con
serve the pastures of the West that are now being
ruined and provide for irrigation of the arid lands, to
provide us with a supply of beef ample for our own
needs and extensive export for generations to come."
After giving .those figures the bulletin goes on to
say: "No reports were secured concerning the value
of animals not on farms and ranges. They probably
have average values somewhat greater than the ani
mals on farms and ranges, since'the greater number
are located in the States having" the highest average
values for animals on farms. the same
average values, however, the animals not on farms"
have a value of $215,192,928. It is probable, there
fore, that the domestic animals in the United States
June 1, 1900, had a value of at .least $3,200,000,000, of
which amount the value of animals^ on farms and
ranges constituted over 93 per cent."
» The gain of course was far from being uniform
throughout the census' divisions of the country. : In
the North Atlantic division the value of livestock
declined from $313,902,564 to $305,360,856/ or 2.8 per.
cent. This decrease was caused by losses in the num
ber of neat cattle, horses," sheep and swine, the in
crease in average values and in the/number of other
animals having been insufficient to balance the same.
In .the South Atlantic States the value increased from
$161,631,801 to $184,152,273, a gain of 13.9 per cent;
in the North Central States, from $1,195,704,262 to
$1,529,975,317, a gain of 28 per cent; in the South
Central States, from' $392,155,328. to. $598,255,687, a
gain of 52.6 per cent; and in "the .¦Western State's
from $245,373,678 ;to $361,453,453, a ! gain' of > 47.3 per
cent. -. •- '. ;.¦"¦. .'-.V ¦' : V / ;• ¦''¦: r W"' 'y-.:' .'''. ¦
A summary of the numerous detailed tables "of
statistics contained in the report, shows that on -June
1, 1890, the value of all livestock on farms in the
United States was reported as $2,208,767,573. ..The
estimated value of all livestock on'ranges was $100,
coo,ooo, making the total 'for farms, -.; and ranges
$2,308,767,573. The corresponding^ total on June 1,
1900, was $2,081,722,945, a gain of .29.1 per .cent. .¦
>-> ENSUS BULLETIN No.' '156 purports y'io
I give a more > complete enumeration of live
•^»—-^ stock in the United 1 State's than was "ever, be
fore authorized by Congress or undertaken by any
census. It says: "Not only were previous, census
reports deficient with respect to the number of do
mestic animals, on ranges and in barns and en
closures elsewhere, but the .statistics of livestock and
of livestock values were .too general to be of practi
cal value to either breeder or .shipper." The present
report aims to be free from" those defects and the
statistics were carefully collected with that end in
view. ¦ , ¦ .- " ' ¦¦/-'• ;'-¦..¦ ¦ •'. .¦ :; -:
OUR DOMESTIC ANIMALS.
An amendment was agreed to appro
priating $100,000 for the construction of a
revenue cutter* of the first class for ser
vice in Hawaiian water, the total cost of
the vessel not to exceed $100,000. The Sen
ate then, the reading of the bill hav
ing been concluded, at 5:15 went into
executive session and at 5:20 p. m. ad
journed. J>"
As an instance of the political methods
employed in North Carolina, Pritchard
asserted that an emissary of the Demo
cratic party from the State had ap
proached him, promising that If he
(Pritchard) wc.uld have entered a nolle
prosequi in certain cases of election frauds
the proceedings of impeachment of Re
publican Judges by the Democratic Legis
lature would be dropped. Pritchard saiu
he indignantly declined the proposition
and that subsequently the brave and pa
triotic members of the Legislature, Demo
crats and Republicans, by their votes, had
prevented the unjust impeachment of the
Judges. In reply Simmons asserted that
the man who approached Pritchard with
the proposition to drop the impeachment
proceedings was not in the remotest way
an emissary of the Democratic party.
"I state," declared Simmons, "upon my
authority as a Senator and as chairman of
the Democratic Executive Committee,
that the stories of outrages committed
by "red shirts' are absolutely and utter
ly without foundation. I know of no out
rage that can be traced to that organiza
tion."
• "Does my colleague say," Inquired Prit
chard, "that the "red shirts' did not run
through the State and terrorize voters?"
"That organization" (the red shirts), re
plied Simmons, "never had for It3 object
any bellicose or belligerent purpose
toward any. part of the voters of North-
Carolina. It is merely an organization for
more effectually organizing the voters of
the State." (Prolonged laughter on the
floor and In the galleries.)
Pritchard asserted that the "sand cure"
was used by Democrats in North Carolina
on Republicans. He said that a Repub
lican voter was taken from. hl3 home at
night and beaten, his face being- crushed
into the sand to stifle his cries. Simmons
declared that this was the first time he
ever had heard of the "sand cure." Prit
chard inquired if it was not a fact that
organized bands of ."red shirts" rode over
the State of North Carolina for the pur
pose of terrorizing the Republican voters.
"If we retain the Philippine Islands,"
said he, "as we will, the Southern States
will retain the bulk of the trade with the
Philippines and the South will be the
chief beneficiary of the extension of the
cotton goods trade in the Orient."
Pritchard said he was in favor of the
prompt and speedy punishment of those
guilty of cruelty in the ' Philippines, but
the charges had nothing to do with this
measure, »which provided merely for a
civil administration in the Philippines.
"That is true," replied Pritchard, "but
the paper opposed him purely on the issue
of free silver." s
"Does not the ; Senator know." inter
rupted Simmons, "that the Charlotte Ob
server opposed the election of "William J.
Bryan to the Presidency?"
¦WASHINGTON, May 2.— A lively debate
was precipitated in the Senate to-day by
Pritchard of North Carolina by some re
marks he made on political methods in
North Carolina in the, course, of a discus
sion of the Philippine bill. Simmons, also
of North Carolina, vigorously denied his
colleague's assertions.
The Rosebud Indian Reservation bill
and the sundry civil bill were again con
sidered, but. not completed.. The Philip
pine government bill then was laid before
the Senate and Pritchard spoke in sup
port of the measure. He declared that a
majority of the people of North Carolina
and of the South were in favor of the
proposition of the majoritv of the Philip
pine Committee and he quoted the Char
lotte Observer as a leading Democratic
paper of the South In support of the re
tention of the Philippines.
..Mexico and Austria ha've made up after being very
bad friends since 1867. , It is strange how the big
quarrels of, some nations' are' so? little-, to' the. rest of
us. : The busy 'world appears to have known little of
and to have cared, less for' the' fight which" these two
interesting countries' have maintained so long.
It is to be borne in mind that appeals for contri
butions for enterprises of this kind go out to the
whole body of the community and not to any special
class. Local members of the Knights of Pythias^ and
of the Mystic Shriners have in" the past contributed
to .the entertainment of other fraternal orders, and
now members of all other orders are bound to sliow
a reciprocity of favors. As to the work of the Pro
motion Committee, it is to benefit every class of peo
ple. The attraction of investors and settlers to the
northern counties of the State will increase the ac
tivity and the prosperity of every industry and every
trade in San Francisco. All citizens are to share in
the benefits to flow from it, and all, in proportion to
their means, should share in the expense of carrying
it on.
We cannot afford of course to drop all thought of
the St. Louis exposition by reason of the postpone
ment, but still our main consideration must be given
now to the immediate needs of the year. The sub
scriptions to the Promotion Committee should be
promptly raised to the amount required to put the
work of advertising the Stare into effective opera
tion without delay, and the sums needed for the en
tertainment of the Mystic Shriners and the Knights
of Pythias should also be forthcoming at once. The
sooner the amounts required are raised the better
will the work be done.
There is certainly enough for us to do during the
present summer, without rushing the. work for a
State display at a world's. exposition next year. We
have entered upon "a great movement for the up
building of Northern California, and that will require
the expenditure /of 'considerable sums of money and
a great deal of energy. Furthermore, we have to
entertain during the summer a host of visitors whose
numbers it is estimated will exceed 100,000. That in
itself is a task of first rate importance and cannot be
treated in a scant or hesitating way.
The postponement of the exposition will not jus
tify Californians in wholly neglecting this summer
the work of making preparations for a grand- State
display, ¦• but it will nevertheless save us from the
trouble of making preparations in a rush, and thus
allow us to devote more of our energies to the work
undertaken for the promotion of the counties north
of Tehachapi and the attraction of immigration to that
section of the State. We therefore will derive bene
fits from -the postponement and have no reason to
regret that it has been decided upon. More time has
been given us to" make preparations, and if we make
the right use of it the results will be greatly to our
advantage.
The delay is no discredit to the energy of the peo
ple of St. Louis. It is the inevitable result of their
determination to prepare an exposition on a scale of
unprecedented magnitude. Had they been content
with such an array of buildings and exhibits as. were
comprised in the Columbian Exposition at Chicago
the work might have been accomplished within the
time fixed. St. Louis, however, was animated by
the spirit which prompts Americans to surpass all
previous efforts of the kind and to. break records.
She planned her exposition on a truly gigantic
scheme, and, having done so, has to accept the con
sequences. It is certainly better in enterprises of
such magnitude to take'the time required to do them
well rather than to hurry them forward and present
them to the public in an incomplete shape.
OFFICIAL? announcement of the postpone
ment of the St. Louis., exposition to 1904
comes as no surprise to the public. It; is
true the managers have from time to time declared
that St. Louis could have the buildings in readiness
for the installation of exhibits at the date fixed, and
would do so as a demonstration of American en
ergy, but all reports of the conditions of the grounds
and the lagging of foreign preparations for taking
part in the display have prepared the country for
the announcement which has come at last. ' The ex
position cannot be made ready on time and the
postponement has been decreed.
miles; total curvature, 771 degree's for 'Panama, 2339
for Nicaragua; estimated annual cost of operation
and maintenance, Panama six-tenths? of Nicaragua
route. ¦;}¦ »" r ¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦. -¦' /.
"SAND-CURING"
A DIVERSION OF
THE TAR-HEELS
THE POSTPONED EXPOSITION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATTJBDAY; MAY 3, 1902.
ARGONAUT ASSEMBLY
A PLEASANT AFFAIR
THE Argonaut Club held !. the final
"assembly of the season last even
" Ing in the maple room of the Pal
ace Hotel/Every arrangement was
made for "the comfort and pleasure
of the i guests, and nearly' 150 young
ladies : and gentlemen enjoyed ; the
hospitality, of the club. The guests ar
rived early and at ; 8:30 dancing' began.
There was no german . or grand march,
but the- assembly was delightfully in
formal. Many .beautiful women in stun
ning gowns added to the gayety of the
scene. Light refreshments.. were ' served
during the evening, and'dancing continued
until a: late hour. The well-known "pa
tronesses of -the affair' were Mrs. S. W.
Knowles, Mrs. H. P. • Diamond and Mrs.
A: I. Torres. The following members of
6
Alcazar— "The Lash of the Whip." .
Columbia — "When We Were Twenty-one."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Old Lavender."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "The Starbucks."
Tivoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "Slaves of the Orient."
Recreation Park — fiaseball to-day.
New Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
AI7CTIO2J SAXES.
By Santa Clara Milk Company— Monday. May 5. at 1
o'clock, entire Rollins Stock, at 721 Howard street.
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
.' ,A car-load of Cook- Books
Jnst arrived from Chlcoffo and
• are ready for distribution at
the bnilneig onice of this
pappr. All Call subscribers
are entitled to a copy of this
great Cook Book at the prem-
ium price of flftr cents.
An additional charge oX 20
cents to pay «prcs«»ge will
• *»V reqnlred from ont of town
subscribers ordering; by ma 11. I"" Business' Meii J s ; Jtsxcursion.
-A special train under the direction of a Joint
committee of the commercial bodies of San
Francisco, carrying business ' men only,- will
leave Market-st. ' Ferry at 9:30 p.-m.'. May u
via the Santa , Fe. Rate of one fare " for the
round trip has been made and parties desiring
to Join this party should make arrangements
at once. The train will go via the Santa Fe and
return via the S. P., thus touching all impor
tant points in the San Joaquin Valley. Itiner
ary and other information at Santa Fe Ticket
Office, 641 Market st .
WASHINGTON, May 2.— H. A. Barrows,
disbursing clerk of the United States
Census- Office, has been summarily re
moved as the result of the discovery of a
shortage in the accounts of his office,
which are being investigated by two ex
perts from the Treasury Department.
Barrows was subjected, to rigid examina,
tions to-day by Director Merriam and
Chief Clerk McCauley, and he gave the
amount of . his discrepancy as ¦• $7400 and
credited , the trouble to speculation, j The
Government is amply secured from I loss
by bonds aggregating almost $300,000. Bar
rows was formerly an employe - of the
Treasury Department. He lives at Ber
wyn, Md., and has a wife and seven chil
dren. .
lation and Is Summarily
. Ousted.
He Admits a Shortage Duo to Specu-
CENSUS OFFICE CLERK '
MAKES AWAY WITH COIN
Representative Foster of Illinois to-day
Introduced a bill to place all livestock on
the free list.
Representative Naphen of Massachu
setts to-day introduced a resolution re
citing that it is publicly alleged that pub
lic lands are leased to members of the
meat trust, and directing the Secretary of
the Interior to furnish information rela
tive to lands so rented.
He also attacks the provision of the bill
fixing the rental of the leased lands at 2
cents per acre. He declares that the gen
eral effect of the bill would be to place
the control of the public lands in the
hands of the extensive stock growers,
with the corresponding result of making
the small owners pay tribute to their
more prosperous fellows or go out of the
business.
Herrman says that under the terms of
the bill practically all the public lands
west of the Mississippi would be subject
to leasing, and that as it is provided
that when under the lease they shall not
be disposed of except under the home
stead and mineral . land laws the sale of
the public domain would be greatly cur
tailed.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— Senator Gibson
of Montana to-day presented in the Sen
ate a letter from Commissioner Herrman
of the General Land Office in opposition
to the policy of leasing the public lands,
as proposed by a bill now pending in the
Senate. • ¦ . . .
Government Official Op
. poses Bill in the
Senate.
Nominations by the President.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: Joseph R. Reid, Iowa, Chief
Justice, and Henry C. Sluss of Kansas,
William W. Murray of Tennessee, Wilbur
F. Stone of Colorado' and Frank I. Os
borne of North Carolina, Associate Jus
tices of the Court of Private Land Claims.
Navy: Assistant surgeons, to be passed
assistant surgeons — A. G. Grunwell, C. D.
Langhorne, F. L. Benton, W. H. Bell.
Passed assistant surgeons — William C.
Braisted, to be surgeon; R. E. Hoyt of
New Hampshire and Joseph P. Traynor
of Maine, assistant surgeons. Gunner
Charles Morgan to be chief gimner.
Army: Captain F. B. Andrus to be lieu
tenant colonel by brevet (infantry).
Hailroad to Thunder Mountain.
L.EWISTON, Idaho, May . 2.— Miners
from Thunder Mountain report that En
gineer Mills' party is making a prelim
inary survey into the district for the
Northern Pacific Railroad. The party has
been working briskly .for several weeks
and is now in the Chamberlain Basin
country. Work is being pushed as rap
idly as possible.
ATTACKS PLAN
TO LEASE LAND
Mr. Edwards is one of the firm of Ed
wards Brothers, ¦ who have wholesale
houses in both New York and Chicago.
The happy couple will reside In Chicago.
Miss Bohen, daughter of Benjamin Bo
hen, is a charming young woman with a
handsome face and figure. She has beer,
liberally educated and splendidly bred.
She is especially clever at pen and ink
work, and her well executed and interest
ing studies In black and white have won
the commendation of able critics.
' , New York has been announced
at a small informal tea given Jo a num
ber of her intimate girl friends. There
will be a pretty wedding at the residence
of Miss Bohen's aunt, to which only' a
limited number of friends and relatives
,will be Invited. All ideas of a large wed
ding have been abandoned owing to the
serious illness of an uncle of the bride
elect. There will be two bridesmaids and
a maid of honor. Mr. Clark of New York,
a close personal friend of the groom-elect,
will come out from the East for the event
and will act as best man.
-jt| erf ISS GERALDINE BOHEN is to
Al/W be numbered among the hap
n W \\ P Iest oi June brjdeB. Her en-
JL V 1\ gagement to Case Edwards of
Mott had not concluded his testimony
when the committee adjourned until Mon
day.
Senator Platt — Suppose there . should be a
reduction of Cuban sugar duties, would the
buyer get the full benefit of it or any part
of it?
The witness — The buyer would not get any
part of the benefit. The reduction would not
make any difference in the purchase price.
The benefit would accrue to the Cuban sellers,
the holders of the sugar. The experience with
the Porto Rlcan sugar, which comes in free,
Justifies that conclusion.
"I have not," vaa the reply.
' Senator Platt — So far as you know, has the
American Surar Refinlnn Company taken any
interest whatever in forwarding or opposing
the reduction of the duty on Cuban sugar?
"No, sir. I don't think it has."
Senator Teller — You speak of 'it as a corpo
ration?
"Ye*."
"Do you know whether, the stockholders
have taken any interest as such in the reduc
tion?"
"I do not: I know nothing about it." . ,
Henry C. Mott, purchaser of raw sugar
for the trust, was the next witness. He
said he had acted in that capacity for the
past five years and that he buys all the
raw sugar for the company, except Louis
iana sugars. He confirmed previous state
ments that the trust had bought 93,000
tons of Cuban sugar since January 1.
"You have taken some interest in securing
a reduction of sugar duties by Congress, have
you not?" asked Teller.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— Arthur Donner,
treasurer of "the American Sugar Refining?
Company, to-day testified before the Sen
ate Committee on Cuban Relations con
cerning American holdings, of Cuban
sugar. He said that Havemeyer's state
ment yesterday to the effect that his com
pany had purchased 93,000 tons of sugar
since the first of January last was cor
rect. No more Cuban sugar could have
been bought," as none could have been
purchased without his knowledge' as
treasurer of the company. He promised
Senator Platt to send to the committee a
memoranda showing the purchases made
and giving dates. All the sugar which
had been purchased had, he said, been
paid for. \ ,*'
Senator Platt called attention to the dis
crepancy between Havemeyer's statement
as to purchases of 93,000 tons and the re
turns made by the War Department, but
Donner was not able to explain it. Re
sponding to questions by Senator Teller,
JJonner confirmed Havemeyer's statement
that of the trust's purchases of Cuban
sugar 45,000 tons still remain in Cuba.
He also said that his company dealt en
tirely with brokers, ' principally with
Zaldo & Co., Franck & Co. and Czarno
kow & Co. of Havana and New York ana
did not know the names of the producers.
The American Company has made no-ad
vances to the Cuban planters and had not
advanced any money, to the Cuban banks
for the planters. "While he did not know,
he said, he presumed there were other
purchasers of Cuban sugar besides his own
company in the field. Asked as to realty
holdings in Cuba, he said that the trust
had none there. He knew nothing of the
private holdings' of stockholders of the
trust.
Amount of Recent Purchases
of the Product Ex
plained.
American Refining Com
pany Officials Give
Figures.
Engagement of Talentied Young Lady to
Eastern B usi ness Man I s Arinou need .
MISS GERALDINE BOHEN
TO BE WEDDED IN JUNE
SENATORS HEAR
OF CUBAN SUGAR
By, acquiring the holdings of the -Petro
leum '.-, Development Company the Santa
Fe has I Increased its output of oil fuel to
about: 80,000 a month, i The, new
purchase - is capable ;, of ,-, producing . x 35,000
barrels ¦ a ; month, the amount '¦ necessary
for J'.use , on ; the i San 1 Francisco and San
Joaquin : Valley line. .'This output ! can be
exceeded,:; if-, necessary, - but* no 3 attempt
will be 'made in 'that direction "unless, the
fuel should be- necessary. .•>¦•". .y
LOS ANGELES,"^ May 2.— President E.
P. ; Ripley has closed the j deal that i trans-"'"
fersthe holdings: of 5 the Petroleum Devel
opment' Company to the; Santa, Fe' Rail
way ; system. .' If was given : out "officially
at Santa Fe headquarters. to-day that tho
purchase price was in excess of $1,000,000,
or. on a basis of about: $10 a share" -The
Petroleum Development Company is ; cao
italized at ; $125,000. A third of the pur
chase price has been paid over to Edward
L.;Doheny and the balance will be trans
ferred to the former owners at the option
of. the railway company, it is understood,
within 5 three months.^-
troleuiEb Development
Company. J:
Takes Over the Property of the Pe-
SANTA. FE COMPLETES
OIL LANDS - PURCHASE
AMATEUR MINSTRELS GIVE
PLEASANT ENTERTAINMENT
Clever Artists of Golden City Club
Hold Successful Social at Odd ,
Fellows' Hall.:
The Golden City Minstrels, an organiza
tion composed of clever amateur perform
ers, gave 1 an entertainment and dance last
night - Odd Fellows' Hall. The affair
was under the auspices of the /Knights of
the Maccabees and was "well attended.
A minstrel first part gave i the mem
bers an opportunity to display their
merits as entertainers, i Their : efforts
were, judging from the many - encores,
quite successful. , The .witty sayings and
up-to-date. jokes of, the end men kept the
audience in pleasant humor and the solos
contributed by some of the club members
proved . them vocalists of no little ability.
The Golden City "Octet, the Manhattan
Quartet, Calvin Dix, Ed Hogan, Bernard
GleasonV Norrls -Parent, C. S. Girard,
Mike - Scanlon,. Master Melville Calish,
Richard' H. Hunt, Lloyd Spencer, Elton
Lambert, Thomas : Nowlan • and ' Morris ' S.
Kramer aided in making the entertain
ment" a success v \ : ¦ ¦ .. .
Want Firemen. tq.Ride Free.
The Board of Fire Commissioners re
quested' the- Board of ¦ Supervisors that in
awarding future franchises . to street rail
way'companies a clause be incorporated
that' will permit all members, and em
ployes of the i Fire | Department : to have
free transportation at « all. times on . the
cars, a privilege that Is now. only granted
during the progress of a ftre.'V
SEATTLE, May 2. — The Chamber of Com
merce has extended an invitation to the Gov
ernor of Nebraska to be present at the laying
of the keel of the battleship Nebraska at
Moran Brothers Company's shipyard on July
4. A telegram of acceptance haa been received
from Governor Savage.
DEMENTED WOMAN LEAFS
TO DEATH IN A WELL
Patient Escapes From the St. Helena
Sanitarium and Commits
-Suicide. ..'> '^ :A ;
'ST. HELENA, May 2.— Mrs. C. J.
Browne of Sacramento, aged about 23
years, committed suicide • to-day f by
drowning herself in a well. Mrs. Browne
was a patient at the St. Helena Sani
tarium, receiving treatment for, a mental
trouble. .While in a state of melancholia
and during the absence of her nurse she
escaped from the building: .arid ran to a
spot about two miles up the road, where
there was an old well." Throwing off the
boards from the top of the weir, she
jumped in. Her, body was recovered soon
afterward. ~
The. amendment providing for the ma
chinery for the enforcement of the per
sonal tax law of the District of Columbia
passed in 1878, was placed on the District
appropriation, bill as a rider and the bill
was passed.; :_ ', •• -
; i The bill to provide diplomatic and con
sular officers for the republic of Cuba was
also passed. . »> V ¦ •• &.*#***
"Nothing In this act shall exempt from
punishment '. otherwise than : , herein [ ac
cepted any persons guilty of 'conspiracy
for which punishment is now provided by
any act of Congress/but such act of Con
gress shall as .to the agreements, combi
nations and .contracts hereinbefore re
ferred to be construed as if this act were
therein contained.'' ¦• K .; - •:¦¦¦ :¦¦:?.: ¦->¦.<
"That no agrement, contract or com
bination by or between two or more per
sons to do or procure to be done, or not
to do or procure not to, be done, any act
in contemplation "of furtherance of any
trade dispute between employers and em
ployes in the District of Columbia, or in
any Territory in ; the United States, or
between employers and employes who
may be engaged in trade or commerce be
tween the several States, or between any
Territory and another or between any
Territory or Territories, and any State
or States or the District of Columbia, or
with foreign nations, or between the Dis
trict of Columbia and any States or for
eign nations, shall be deemed criminal;
nor shall those engaged therein be in
dictable or otherwise punishable for the
crime of conspiracy, ir. such act com
mitted by any person would not be pun
ishable as a crime, nor shall such agree
ment; combination : or contract'- be •. con
sidered as in constraint of - trade or to
commerce, nor shall any restraining or
der or injunction be issued with relation
thereto ; . rv, -- : > •
WASHINGTON,' May 2.— The House to
day, passed the anti-conspiracy , bill re
ported from the Judiciary Committee
without a word of debate. It came up
rr.ther unexpectedly, and Littlefield of
Maine, who filed a minority report on the
bill, and had intended to offer, some
amendments, came In Just as It was put
upon its passage, and the vote was taken
before he understood what was going on.
The bill is as follows^ :¦-:-.'
RED BLUFF, May 2.— The jury ren
dered a verdict to-night for H2,00O in the
suit of Joseph Strieker, aged 10 years,
against the Southern Pacific Company for
the loss of both legs. The boy was run
over by a car in the railroad yards hero
a year ago. D. M. Delmas appeared for
the plaintiff and P. F. Dunne for the rail
road.
Thousand Dollars for Loss
of Both Legs.
Red Bluff Jury Awards Boy Twelve
RAILROAD HEAVY LOSER
IN SUIT FOR DAMAGES
Passage of Anti-Conspir
acy BillWithout Word
of Debate.
HOUSE AMAZES
TARDY LAWMAKER
'- SAN FRANCISCO "GIRL- AND
m THE -. MAN , SHE IS TO WED
. SHORTLY.
' The annual dinner of the Union League
Club of. California' will .take place this
evening at the xnqple room of the Palace
Hotel. Colonel George H. Plppy. presi.
dent of the club, will preside. After the
feast the oratory will come. Several bril
liant speakers are on the list of talkers.
The State Executive Committee qf the
Allied People's party— the new political
organization "formed at Louisville April
2, will meet this; afternoon at G. W.
Montelth's office to prepare a call for a
State convention to be held in San Fran
cisco. _.-. • > : ¦ :' . . •
On the other hand, in the rank and file
of the party;- and among citizens of the
State generally, there is a strong and
openly expressed sentiment that Gage is
simply an Instrument of the bosses — that
he does not deserve a renomlnation and
could not- be elected if renominated. The
Call will keep the people posted concern
ing movements in the boss camp.
Duncan E. • McKinlay, Assistant United
States District Attorney, and well-known
campaign orator, la the latest addition to
the list of Republican aspirants for nom
ination to the office of Attorney General.
To block this game the>-People must
elect delegations ; that cannot be handed
over to the bosses. Let every candidate
for a place r on the State ticket stand on
hi3 own i merit. To further check the
game of the bosses the chairman of . the
convention : should be chosen by general
voice of the people. Let the, bosses name
in the open their secret candidate for
chairman. The - forces opposed to cor
rupt bosslsm have named Hon. Jacob
H. Neffof Placer. '
In the long Senatorial contest The Call
; foreshadowed every Important . movement
in the boss camp, and from the outset as
serted that the bosses could never corral
a sufficient force to make Burns the Sen
ator., Perhaps nine-tenths of the people
of 'the State fancied that the machine
push, backed by the Governor, the rail
road and • the State Committee, would
be able to force the election of Burns,
but the result established the fact that
the bosses were boasting of goods that
they could not deliver. The' Call knows
it to be a fact that the Gage forces are
boasting of strength that they do not
possess. Outside of the appointed State
office-holders and their deputies and em
ployes, the sentiment favorable to Gage
is Slight. < l
INSTRUMENT OF* THE BOSSES.
HOW TO BLOCK THE GAME.
It is out. of the ordinary line of prece
dence to bring a , candidate ¦ for chairman
into the open neld before ! the : delegates
are chosen, but the ;: fact ¦ Is" well known
that the t; bosses in secret-" have "'.desig
nated a man to preside* over, the conven
tion and his name. is. not Jacob H.. Neff.
To checkmate the- bosses the ..people
must put forward a candidate — a man of
sterling integrity ¦ and firmness ¦ who can
not be moved by promises, of 'reward nor
threats . of political punishment to take a
boss programme.' - "\"
It is worth while here/ to bring out
some of the concealed history of the. late
municipal campaign in-' San. Francisco.
It Is the truth that" Crlmmins. Burns
and Herrln organized' the convention,
named the officers and designated the
ticket from top to bottom. The dere
gates in a perfunctory style simply cast
the ballot tor each of the candidates
named by Crimmins, Burns and Herrin.
To begin with, the bosses- did not have
a majority of the delegates, but district
leaders who were behind candidates for
Auditor, Treasurer, Tax Collector, Sher
iff, Public Administrator and other of r
flees were made to believe that the only
way to win for their respective candi
dates was to place their delegates at the
disposal of, Crimmins and Burns.' In
that manner a. majority of .the conven
tion was given' to* the oosses. \
The same; game, varied, perhaps in
some respects, will be attempted at the
State convention. The day after the
convention ,the • bosses will shout that
Gage delegates in sufficient numbers lo
dominate the convention have won out.
This claim will be made if the bosses
succeed in electing 100 of the 800 dele
gates. Candidates for - Senator, Gov
ernor, Justices of the Supreme Court,
Treasurer, Controller, Attorney . General,
Secretary of State, Superintendent of
Schools, Surveyor, Clerk of the Supreme
Court, candidates for the Board of
Equalization \ and Railroad Commission
and also Congressional candidates will
be cordially invited 1 to hand over their
delegates to Burns and Herrin. \
The supporters of . E. F. Preston,. Dr.
Pardee, Thomas > Flint, E. B. y Edson, "W.
M. Cutter and Frank Short favor the se
lection' of Lieutenant-Governor Neff for
chairman. - . ; , • ; , . ,
EEADYv TO CHECK THE v BOSSES.
Dan Burns, BillwHerrjri and Ben Feh
nemann will not/n'ame ,the, chairman of
the Republican 'State c6nvention. \ The
question; of the chairmanship - will be set
tled I at the primary election August 12.
The forces opposed to ! machine rule may
hot be able to agree in advance on any
candidate for Governor, "but they will
have no trouble in "combining forces for
the purpose .'of choosing: a man of high
character • for the chairmanship of the
convention. ; : Speaking ..or Hon. .Jacob H.
Neif, Mayor. Eugene E. Schmltz yester
dai remarked: - :.
Governor Neff Is a grand man. He is a pio
neer who has done great j work for the State."
He Is worthy of all honor and should be the
chairman of the oonventlon. ¦•' ¦•
D. E. McKinlay Is a .Candi
date for Office*of : Attprney
; ;
Forces Opposed ito / Boss
Rule Favor Candi
> dacy of Neff.
CHAIRMANSHIP
OF CONVENTION
THE S AN FB A^ CISCO- ClLL^ SATURDAY, MAY 3, ; 1902.
7
\^l AMUSEMENTS.
MATIXEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. MAY 3.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE
The Florenz Troupe; The Five Nosses;
Louise Dresser; Jack Norworth;
Milton and Dollie Nobles, and
the Biograph. Last times of the
Pony Ballet; "Wilton Brothers, and
Knight Brothers.
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY J
Beginning SUNDAY MATINEE. Only Appear-
ances In Vaudeville of
JULIA HElNRICH !
America's Greatest Concert Contralto.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP
OLD LAVENDER.
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
SECOND WEEK of the Popular Author-Actor.
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
In Mr. Harridan's Celebrated Play,
THE LEATHER PATCH.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 13c-. 25c, 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
PLAYING TO IMMENSE AUDIENCES.
LAST 2 TIMES
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT. -ivV ,;
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY. PRESENTING
"THE STARBUCKS."
By Ople Read.
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY.
BEATS SELLING.
TO-MORROW EVENING,
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
SEATS READY.
I FISCHER'S THEATER I
O'FarwlI. bet. Stockton and Powell eta. ;
Telephone Main 231.
tLJm » * — » I O KZL, r~i.
YOU 1SOO
EVER I L*«*^I«=*S
ALL IN A BUNCH AT ONE MATINEE?
"FIDDLE DEB DEB"
WILL DRAW THEM THIS AFTERNOON.
COME AND SEE THE SIGHT
AND COME AND GET HEALED.
No science, no doctors at hand. Only KOLB
TILL, BERNARD, BLAKE, HERMSEN. AM-
BER, COLEMAN. HOPE, KELLAR, EMER-
SON and a lot of Comedians and Comediennes,
who will cure you ot all ills. For there is one -
laugh for every breath you take.
Night Prices, 25c and 50c; Matinees, Sat.
and Sun., 25c; Children at Matinees 10c
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP!
LAST TIMES! LAST TIMES!
TOU SHOULD NOT OVERLOOK IT.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
MONDAY. May 5th—
"THE SINGING GIRL."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
$?% S SI mi ES I & FEM!C!SC8'1
VvLUlVlwIn IDiOIKGTHEAia
Powell ot.. near Market.
MATINEE TO-DAY. -
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAYS.
MR. N. C. MISS MAXINE
goodwin Elliott
In their greatest American and London success.
When We Were Twenty-One.
Next Week — Last Nights of
N. C. GOODWIN and MAXINE ELLIOTT.
First 3 Nights and Matinee Saturday.
"AN AMERICAN CITIZEN."
Thursday. Friday and Saturday Nights,
"WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE."
pDIfpC Evenings.. $2, $1 B0, 11. 75c. 50c, 25o
IU1WLJ Matlneee $1 50. $1. 75c. 60c. 25c
May 12— JOHN DREW
In "THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
BElASCO^*°TrsAlC8^fefStg&
THE GREATEST HIT IN YEARS
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHT.
Most Gorgeous Spectacular Melodrama. Ever
Seen In This City.
SLA VES OF
THE ORIENT
OVER 100 PEOPLE IN THE
PRODUCTION. THE GREATEST EVER.
New and Up-to-Date Specialties.
FKIfF^ Evenings 10c to 50c
I HIWLuJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Monday — The Greatest of Farces,
"MRS. PARTINGTON AND HER SON IKE."
Eelasco & Thall. Manager*.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AJCD SUNDAY — LAST TIMES.
The Most Novel of Unique French Farces,
The Lash
«The Whip.
It has convulsed London, Paris and New York.
PRICES 15c. 25c. 35c, 50c, 75c.
NEXT MONDAY— The Event of the Season,
the American Play.
When the Heart Was Young.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
TAKE THE CHILDREN TO-DAY!
A Host of Attractions on -the Ground*
and in tbe Magnificent Theater,
Seating 4000.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE PERFORM-
ANCES EVERY AFTERNOON and
EVENING.
THE AMAZEMENT OF ALL.
Col. Edward Beatipre,
Absolutely the Largest Man on Earth. Seven
Feet Ten and One-Half Inches In Height.
ZOO in CHA'RGE OF COLONEL DANIEL
BOONE.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, 6c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL;
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON * STS.'— RE-
n>odeled and renovated. KING, WARD /k
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to f8 week: J8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates in
•very room; elevator runs all ni*bt.\ -¦ -
Pears*
I - All sorts of people use it,
all sorts of stores; sell the
famous English complexion?
¦ soap. Established 1789. I
: ( ' Sold all over the world. \ .J
A car-load ot. Call Superior
Atlases aprlvedyeiterdny and
are now . ready for distribu-
tion. All RubHCribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
this e reat book , at the prem-
ium rate: of fl; 50. Out of
town subscriber!! desiring? a
copy of this splendid prem-
ium .Trill '-. be supplied on re-
ceipt of ft ' 50.; All mall
orders -will be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
Established 1823. \\
" JAKE JOSEPH. Representative. 300 Battery Street. San Francisco-
A luxurious up -tb-cJate train, traveling* J /
" tKrou^h interesting old-fajshioned : plaices
Chica>^fo iiv three;^days
_ ; , . AJVEBTISEMENTS.
And 1 All Women Who W6rk, either
for tlieir Living or for Society,
are Subject to the Same Organic
Troubles. How Many Are Cured.
v A gorgeous costume flashed beneath the brilliant lights of a ball
room. The queen of society is radiant to-night
The nervous hands of a weak woman have toiled day and night,
the weary form and aching head have known no rest, for the dress
had to be finished in time. /
To that queeji of society and her dressmaker we would say a word.
One through -hothouse culture, luxury and social excitement, and tho
other through the toil of necessity, may some day find their ailments
a common cause. '
Nervous prostration, excitability, fainting spells, dizziness, sleepless-
ness, loss of appetite and strength, all indicate serious trouble, whiph
has been promoted by an over-taxed system.
1 For the society queen and the dressmaker alike, there is nothing so
reliable as Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to restore
strength, vigor,- and happiness. ,'
Six Years' Suffering Cured.
" Dear Mrs. Petkham : — I suffered for six years, sometimes being -unable
to get about at all. It seemed to me as though I could not live, and I did not
care 'to. I had womb trouble, kidney trouble, leucorrhoe'a, backache, was
nervous and had no ambition to do anything or go anywhere. Was obliged
to give up my trade of sewing. I tried three doctors but they did me no good.
Seeing your advertisement I thought I would try your medicine. I felt better
after the first b'.wtle, and by the time I had taken six I was able to resume my
work again. I shall always praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound." — Mrs. JIaby A. Etjssell, Chincoteague Island, Va. (Dec^
14,1900.)
If there is anything in your case about -which you would
like special advice, write. freely to Mrs. Pinkham. No man will
see your letter. She can surely help you, for no person in America
, has such a wide experience in treating female ills as she has had.
She has helped hundreds of thousands of women hack to health.
. Her address is Lynn, Mass., and her advice is free. You are very
! foolish if you do not accept her kind invitation.
.•'-¦.- • » ' --i ,
Mrs. Lizzie Anderson, 40 Union St., Salem, N.J.
.«' Dear Mrs. Pixkham:— I feel it my duty to write and tell jonhtr*-
grateful I am to you for what your medicine has done for me. At one time I
suffered everything a woman could. I had inflammation of the ovaries, falling
, of the womb, and leucorrhoea.' At times could not hold a' needle to sew. The
first dose of your Vegetable Compound helped me so much that I kept on
using it. I have now taken six bottles and am well and able to do my work:
. I also ride a wheel and feel no bad effects from it. I am thankful to the Giver
of all good for giving you the wisdom of curing suffering women. I recom-
mend your medicine to every woman troubled w,ith any of these diseases."
tfffcr A AA REWARD.- We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn,S5000.
VMlBllll 'which will be paid to any person -who can ttnd that the above testimonial letters
_ I S I are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
IpU U U U mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mail.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANOTHER WONDEB OF SCIENCE
Biology Has Proved That Dandruff
Is Caused by a Germ.
Science is doing wonders these days in
medicine as well as in mechanics. Since
Adam delved, the human race has been
troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a buc-
cessful cure until Newbro.'s Herpicide was
put on the market. It is a scientific
preparation that kills the germ that
makes dandruff or scurf by digging into
the scalp to get at the root of the hair,
where It saps the vitality, causing itch-
ing scalp, falling hair and finally bald-
ness. Without dandruff hair must grow
luxuriantly. Herpicide at all druggists.
It is the only destroyer of dandruff.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaiinej Water
220 BROADWAY. N. T.
D#|l#|pp Desirable location,
I UIUvv unsurpassed ' cuisine,
.') -"^'; r unequaled ser-.
Oft A ' vice and modern-
CillU conveniences are ?the
_ - t attributes that have
¦Tf5lf1n made these two ho-
UlUlIil tels. popular with
__ ¦' tourists and travel-
rmfAlc ers who visit San
liUlCid Francisco.
COKE! GGKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates; Fur-
naces and_Copking,' r
There Is no fuel that -will compare with coke.
Delivered In any quantity. Country order*
«oHclt<d P. A. McDONALD. 813 FoUom »t.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
3:15 P. M. . :-.- -¦ 'j-
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
. SAN FRANCISCO isTlOS AN6ELES. •
RECREATION PARK, .
Eijrhth «nd Harrison sts. "-*.!"
Advance Salt ot Seats, 0 Stockton it. <NOTED NEWSPAPER MAN, VET
ERAN .AND STATESMAN WHO
DIED AT BALTIMORE.
PRIEST .WHO PROPOSES ; TO *
ESTABLISH AGRICULTURAL
SCHOOL FOR POOR BOYS.
Narrowly Escapes Gas Suffocation.
B. Wurthman, a saloon-keeper at Tenth
and Mission streets, narrowly escaped
being suffocated by gas in a back room
of his place ' early yesterday morning.
Wurthman fell asleep in a chair and a
puff of wind blew out the gaslight. . A be
lated pedestrian detected the smell of es
caping gas. and broke into the room. A
neighboring physician resuscitated Wurth
man.
GRAND DEMONSTRATION
BY SALVATION ABII7
Will Bally to Celebrate Nineteenth
Anniversary of Their Work in
i Son Francisco.
The Salvation Army, Pacific Coast divi
sion, will celebrate -the nineteenth anni
versary of its work in this city on Thurs
day evening, the 8th inst.
There will be a grand demonstration at
Metropolitan Temple at 8 p. m., preceded
by an international parade, commencing
at 1139 Market street, at 7:30 p. m. The
programme will consist of musical drlll3
by Salvation Army Orphanage children,
public enrollment of recruits and the
commissioning of the provincial' staff
brass band. <
Speeches will be made by leading of
ficers from various parts, . and addresses
given by Rev. George Adams, D. D., and
other ministers. Facts and figures of the
army's progress will be given by. Colonel
and Mrs. French, and a striking feature
of the meeting will be twenty-five nations
represented In national costumes. —
Rev. Dr. Foute of Grace Church Con-
ducts Public Services at De
cedent's Late Residence.
Although the funeral of Mrs. Susan
Sanders . Tevis. widow of the late Lloyd
Tevis, was strictly private, the friends of
the noble . woman paid their last respects
to her . memory,' yesterday. Loving friends
sent many handsome floral tokens and
letters of condolence to the children of
the , deceased. . „ ¦
- Services were held at deceased s late
residence/Washington and Taylor streets.
Dr. Foute, rector of Grace Episcopal
Church, officiated. In the morning he
conducted a private service for the fam
ily and relatives, and at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon public services were held. -" "
The casket was In the. sitting room. It
was covered with white roses and was
surrounded with numerous floral pieces.
At the close of the services the casket
was conveyed to Third and Townsend
streets to the Southern Pacific depot. A
private car was in readiness and the re
mains were taken to Cypress Lawn Cem
etery. Owing to the fact that the Tevis
mausoleum is not yet' completed the body
was placed in a receiving vault. /_._
-Deceased was extremely popular with
residents of this city. For many years
she was the acknowledged social reader
and many fetes were given by her in her
late residence. She was also deeply In
terested in philanthropic and Christian
work. - ,. .
MANY PEOPLE ATTEND
FUNERAL OF MBS. TEVIS
Of the name/BUDWEISER isfsubh as to
tempt; many,; brewers: to/attempt .its', use
on inferior, brands. 'The U.S. 'courts have
accorded ¦ that name', exclusively -to the
Anheuser-Busch ; BUDWEISER . brand.
Orders promptly . filled by;E. G. Lyons :&
Raas Co.,* wholesale ' dealers, San ¦: Fran
cisco.' . ¦¦.;.'.¦";¦ v: - • -. ¦ ¦ v - , ; .'..¦• ;
Two' Corporations Are Indicted;
' ; Indictments, were returned yesterday by
the United States Grand Jury against the
Atlantic", . Gulf * and j Pacific ' Company and
the - San \ Francisco Bridge " Company* for
working' their ? employes; more than eight
hours per. day on the Government contract
in'the tidal canal at Oakland harbor, laaH:
November.<The .defendants recently ¦ paid
fines -aggregating: $400 for; a -similar ;of
fense.---- ---¦•-•• .-.-.- .- --- .
"Will of Late J. Sterling Morton.
•NEBRASKA CITY. Nebr., May 2.— The
will of ' the late " J. Sterling Morton > esti
mates the estate to-be worth about $100,
000. .The will ¦ provides for . an , annuity to
be paid to Miss Emma Morton, sister of
the deceased, during the- remainder of
her life. ¦• The , estate is then divided Into
four, equal • parts, , one part each,; for his
four, sons or their heirs. , .The homestead.
Arbor Lodge, 'goes to the oldest- son, Joy
Morton. •, ' .. ' .' ,C'^. : '.< V '- ¦
¦ SANTA CRUZ, ¦ May 2. — The I Congregational
church, at Soquel has called Rev.'F.M. ,Waeh
burn. of - Lincoln, , Placer County, 'to the pas
, *ore.te.'~ He baa accepted.' - ¦ , ¦
Infant Girl Is Rescued.
Grace '/Wilson,' £ years of age, was taken
yesterday.'', to the "Little Sisters 1 , f Infant
Shelter by Officer '^McMurray. of the So
ciety :fof "the" "Prevention of "cruelty, to
Children. IMcMurray states that he found
the little Birr living with • &¦ family by the
name . of Parnens at the corner of Hyde
and: Union streets, and '.that in addition
to 1 being , poorly clad and - cared - for she
was surrounded by ' pernicious influences
A Dangerous i Character.
Carl Andrews, alias Anderson,' who says
he is : a sailor, ; was seen ' acting in a sus
picious manner at Taylor and Sacramento
streets about -1: o'clock, yesterday morn
ing'by Policeman Ring. He; was. searched
and a . piece, of lead pipe with , a handle
was found in his '.pocket. He was booked
at the City Prison' on a charge of carry
ing a concealed weapon. .'He appeared be
fore" Judge Cabaniss vesterday morning," 1
and the Judge, recognized him as -having
been before him " about - three weeks ago
on a similar : charge. > The case was con
tinued till to-day. The; police look' upon
the prisoner as a' dangerous : character.' - :
Frightened Bandits Leave a Train.
EUREKA SPRINGS, Ark., May 2.— An
attempt to hold up the St. Louis-Frisco
express was made near Seligman, the 1
first station' north of here.- Two men
boarded the . train : there and' under cover
of darkness crept over the tender, and
leveling their revolvers . at the engineer
ordered ' him to reverse his engine. , He
told them that to, stop his train: before
reaching the • next elding' meant certain
destruction, as he was , closely, followed
by an,' extra. When the, train slowed up
at Washburn the robbers ¦ became fright
ened'and fled Into .the timber. Two sus
pects have been arrested. at Seligman.
Judgment Against Ctney.
Judgment was rendered yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven in
favor of the plaintiff in the case of the
Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion against Alexander K. Coney to, re
cover $6500 and interest on* a promissory
note secured by mortgage on the defend
ant's residence, corner of Octavia and
Post streets. •
To-Day?s News Letter.
A frontispiece . showing Market street during
the recent strike Is presented with to-day's San
Francisco News Letter. • VThe Package," ¦ the
eecond of ! the "Trekking With Travis" | stories
by Alfred Oalpin, ¦ is 'even : brighter than . the
nrst; "The Old .. Newspaperman" --• continues
his interesting -of the establishment
of . the • first steamship line between *iere and
Australia. ¦ "The New 1 Culture .In , Pugilism''
is a series . of letters arranging a; fake fight
for . the world's ¦ championship. They • are . ex
tremely funny. "The Three '¦ Floors" . de
scribes realistically what might' have ihap
pened In one of San Francisco's many" French
restsurant*. ' "The' Millennium Has: Dawned"
exposes one of the, worst fakes > that has ever
been 'tried in San Francisco. ., The Looker On
and the Town Crier are full of timely : stories
and blistering ' satire. Politics, finance, lit
erature and the. drama are well , handled by
special writers. The society ' department r - is
complete and authentic..- ¦ ¦ ¦¦:• •• ¦„¦' • -
Liberal Contribution Made for Enter
' Tainment of Guests at the Com
' : ; " ing Annual Games.
'¦ ¦: Thie Caledonian Club held. a social and
business ¦ meeting in Scottish Hall- last
night,' 1 which .was presided » over by^ Chief
M. ! A: • Macpherson. The* meeting was
largely^ attended. The -principal feature
was/an, address 'by.: ex-Chief -D. R. , Mc-
Nelll.'on a trlpMo.and from Mexlco.'dur
inK which he .spoke^ in a most entertaln
lng t and 'Interesting manner on 'what he
observed and the people he had met.' His
description of a bull .fight ; in« the City or
Mexico. In wttlch two of the leading tore
adors of Spain took part, was I thrilling
and thoroughly >' appreciated. .While not
agreeing with- certain features of the.per
formance he- could not help extending all
praise: to 'the /daring, skill," courage and
intelligence i of the, toreadors. The ad
dress was so i thoroughly enjoyed that by
special votche-was asked and , agreed to
repeat It soon. . . ... :
V After .the: address . certain .matters^ in
jconnectlon -with the' annual" games .at
Shell Mound Park on May 30. were dis
posed of. It was unanimously voted that
$500 should be set' aside for. the entertain
ment of the-; guests at the games,* ; which
will: insure a genuine Highland welcome,
' as . usual . to : those -who . accept ¦ the ' hospi
tality of the? club.' "The event will be in
charge ; of - First Chieftain ; J. A. McLeod
and a corps of able assistants.
Koreans Have a Fight.
Jim Young Jung and Chung Hong Yik,
Koreans, were arrested Thursday, night
on Jackson street, between i Dupont and
Kearay, by Detectives Ed Gibson and
McMahon and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of disturbing the peace. They
had hold of each other's topknots with
one hand and were each blowing a police
whistle. They appeared before Judge Mo
, gan yesterday and through an interpreter
said they were both doctors; that they
had no evil Intentions; that they had been
drinking and were .very sorry, for what
they had done. The Judge « admonished
them to keep the peace and dismissed . the
ca&e. -. .;.!_ . -
Large Audience Listens to. an Inter
esting Literary and Musical
Programme. - : :
" The Epwofth League of the Simpson
Memorial Church. gave an entertainment
last night in the -parlors ¦ of the - church
that was well- attended. < But three enter
tainers—Miss F. Binnie de Forest, read
er; Mrs. Frank J. Thayer, soloist, and Jo
seph • Guthrie de ' Forest, impersonator —
took part in the programme. . <i
The programme rendered was as'fol
lows: •;
Recitation, Miss De Forest; vocal solo, Mrs.
Frank J. Thayer; "She Wanted to Learn Kle
cution," Mr.* D« Forest; "Scene From Pick
wick Papers.". Miss De Forest; vocal solo,
Mrs. Frank J. Thayer; "Artermi3
Ward's Mormon Lecture," Mr. De Forest;
"The Ni&ht Watch." Miss De Forest; "Wish* t
I Was a Rock," Mr. De Forest;, vocal : solo,
Mrs. Frank J. Thayer; "Ship of Faith," Miss
De Forest. r . , r £
Humane Society Directors Refuse to
, Place Irwin in Charge of Their ,
• Property. .
" It was definitely decided yesterday, by
the board of directors of the Society: for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals that
H. O. Irwin, the new,: poundmaster, can
riot have the use of tjie animals' home/
which for many years has served as the
public ' pound; The city owns nothing. In
connection with the pound, so that; Irwin
wlllhave to start in business on. his* own •
account and catch stray animals .with
whatever appliances he may see fit to hire
or purchase. • ;¦ . ¦ ' • ¦
He was Invited to attend the.^meeting of :
the board of directors of the society yes
terday. He presented himself, and when
asked what he had., to say replied "Noth
ing.*' He asked the members of the. board
what they, had rto say, and they in turn
refused to make any proposition. Irwin
left the meeting, and ; then it waa decided
that he could not use the society's prop
erty.' He stated last night that ' he was
not; prepared to say., whether 1 he would
set up a pound on his own account.
The officials of the humane society, say^
that fees for Impounding animals are not
sufficient to pay the running expenses of
the institution, - and • that > Irwin > conse
quently, cannot make- any. money (out. of
his office., The animals'* home will still be
open to receive disabled animals. \ ' v ;t v
H..D. Hougham'to Lecture.
. One : of ;. a ¦ series < of; lectures . now being
given' by. the Mechanics'. Institute will be
delivered to-night by- H. D. Hougham. '. '^
I35PWOB.TH LEAGUEHS
GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
Would Pave Mission Street.
The ' Board of • Works requested the
Board of Supervisors yesterday for per
mission to pave Mission street, between
Silver and Ocean avenues, with bitumen
at a total estimated cost of $22,500, less
$7500, contributed b? property-owners.
Great Victory "Won Over the Forces
of France in 1862 to Be Fit
tingly Commemorated.
The local Mexican colony will hold a
celebration Monday evening in commem
oration, of the great victories achieved
by the Mexican army in the city ot
Puebla In 1862, when General Ignado
Zaragoza and General Miguel Negrete de
feated the armies of Napoleon III of
France, who were sent to Invade Mexico.
Appropriate exercises will be held in the
evening at Washington-square Hall, cor
-ner of Stockton and Union streets.
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz will deliver
cm oration^ Hon; Alexander K. Coney,
Consul General of Mexico, will be presi
dent of the day. A. de la Torre Jr. is
chairman of the reception committee. The>
affair will be given under the auspices ol
the Zaragoza Club, which Is one of the
leading Mexican societies of this city. A
special musical programme has been pre
pared, and a grand chorus will be -one of
the distinguishing features.
The following committee has . the affair
In charge:. A. de la Torre Jr., Judge A_ B.
Treadwell, S. Moreno, L. Boehme, J. Pa
checo, R. del Palcio, T. Zaragoza, J.
Harris, VL Chapltal. C. Santa Cruz, L..
Gonzalez. E. del Palcio, Judge E. P.
Mogan, M. Aguilor and W. Brown.
San Francisco Architects' Club Hold3
Second Entertainment in Club
' ' ~ rooms. ;
The second entertainment of the San
Francisco Architects' Club was held last
night at its rooms in the Lewis building.
14 McAllister street. The feature of the
entertainment was a lecture entitled
"Egyptian Architecture," delivered by
C. P. Nellson of the California Society of
Artists. The . lecture proved highly
interesting and the lecturer showed great
knowledge of Egyptian art.
The San Francisco Architects' Club was
organized last September and now has
thitry-flve members. The \ officers are;
A. L. Johnson, president; E. G. Bolles,
vice president: H. G. Cbrlvln, treasurer;
George Wagner/ secretary. The directors
are C. R. Ward, M. A. Schmidlln and E.
B. Scott. The members of the club have
entered . Into competition to produce the
best picture pf picturesque San Fran
cisco. " • .
Run Over by a Heavy Truck.
John Marlnslck, a five-year-old boy,
whose parents live at 26 Welch street,
was run over by a heavy truck on Golden
Gate avenue yesterday afternoon. The
little fellow, with other children, had Just
left a private school when a twtf-horse
truck passed up the avenue. 'In some un
accountable manner the hind wheel passed
over the boy. He was removed to the
Emergency Hospital, where - Dr. Weyer
pronounced his Injuries to be serious and
possibly fatal. 'The name of the driver
could not be ascertained, but it Is believed
that he lives on Halght street.
ENTBBTAININGIiY LECTURES
• ' - ON EGYPTIAN ABT
. < ¦»— <^ AL.TTMORE, May 1— Congress-
LJj/ man Amos J. Cummings of New
¦ Tork died at 10:15 o'clock to
, I JJ night at the Church Home and
Infirmary In this city of pneu
monia incident to an operation, aged 61
years. The Congressman's wife and
cousin, Charles H. Cummings, were at
his bedside when death came. Congress
man Cummings came to Baltimore on
April 11 to undergo treatment for kidney
XjOCAL MEXICAN COLONY
TO HOLD A CELEBRATION
Becommends City Shoeing- Shop.
At a meeting of the Labor Council last
nlglit a. report .was. presented," by .the ex
ecutive committee recommending' the city
to establish its own horseshoeing depart
ment. It was stated that at present the
regular, fire department employes do the
horseshoeing for their department. This
is considered by the union laborers to be
in conflict with the letter and spirit of
the municipal charter. The matter will
be presented to Mayor Schmitz and th«
Board of Supervisors. A caution was
Issued to the iron machinists against re
sponding to a call for help in Cananea.
Mexico, where a strike has lately taken
place by the men working in the mines.
the bread of nations from his hand." It is as
honorable to be a good farmer as it is to be
a goo'd lawyer or a good doctor, but farming
must be learned like any other science, art
or craft. >' ¦:.-:•¦'.'¦ -'v ' r.v t --'¦' .--¦•
H A training school < for farmers, however, must
teach farming, practically and must' give stu
dents not only a knowledge of farming, but
also a liking forMt. There is no such school
in this State. . The college of agriculture at
Berkeley is , simply a chemical laboratory. It
' graduated last year only one student and that
one graduate was a! young woman, who prob
ably has no .'intention of cultivating a farm
for a livelihood. '
* x SCIENCE OF FABMING.
To know the > constituent elements of ' tha
soil, to understand the special needs of special
plants, to comprehend the value of a rotation
of crops in order to - prevent the exhaustion
of slnKle elements in the land, to study the
signs of the season and regulate the business
of the farm so as to profit most fully by ..win
ter rain and summer heat — all this fa but
a small' part of the knowledge required to be
a successful farmer. •-_-'. ¦ - . .
California farmers have suffered because
many of .them do not know the science of
farming. - A a farm is a profitable Investment
If it is managed with. industry, skill and.In
telligence, but a shiftless. ¦ improvident and
unskillful .man /will not succeed at farming
* any. better than' he will succeed at other
crafts. The sons of 'farmers who hare failed
migrate toward the city.
¦France maintains nine - national schools of
agriculture, and connected with each school Is
a well-kept farm in which the students put
their lessons into . practice.' In addition., to
• these national " schools \ there is a ' large - num
ber of intermediate farming schools. ~ There
are I about forty agricultural • Institutes besides,
under the ' control and direction ¦ of the church.
These schools have popularized farming as a
means of livelihood and have very much Im
proved the farming methods of the French
people. Consequently France has ten millions
of peasant proprietors, while England and Ire
land together nave * less than nine hundred
thousand.
A school like the one proposed should sup
port Itself after the first cost and the ex
penses of the first few years are paid. But
It would be worth many thousand dollars each
year to the State of California.
To purchase the land already bonded and
make > the needed Improvements - thereon will
entail' an ''expense of eighty thousand dollars
or thereabouts. - /We therefore appeal to the
people'of the State of California to contribute
" ' the necessary funds to promote and brlngr to
a successful completion this most worthy en
terprise. - ... ' ¦_¦..- *;
caledonians enjoy
; .; : ; - lectuhe on Mexico
Amos J. Cummings was born in Conk
ling, Broome County, N. Y., May 15, 1841.
Receiving a common school education, he
entered a printing office as an apprentice
when 12 years of age and later set type
in nearly every State in the Union. While j
still a boy he was with Walker in the
last invasion of Nicaragua, s He was ser
geant, major in the Twenty-sixth New
Jersey Regiment of Infantry, Army of the
Potomac, and received a Congressional
medal of honor for gallantry on the bat
tlefield. Later In life he became inter
ested in politics and was a delegate to
the Democratic national conventions In
1S92 and in 1896. He filled editorial posi
tions on the New York Tribune' under
Horace Greeley, on the New York Sun,
New York Express and was editor of the
Evening Sun when elected to the Fiftiqfh
CongTess. Preferring to give his whole
attention to editorial .work, he declined a
renomlnatlon. However, he was elected
to the Fifty-first Congress to fill the-va
cancy caused by the death of Samuel Sul
livan Cox. He was elected to the Fifty
second, Fifty-third, Fifty-fourth 'and
Fifty-fifth Congresses, and re-elected to
the Fifty-sixth Congress.
THE managers, of the Youths*'Di
rectory have issued an appeal to
the people tot California . to aid
them in\ the laudable work of
establishing an agricultural school
for boys. It is the aim Of Rev. Father
Crowley, president of .the directory, which
is opened to abandoned boys of every
race, color and creed, to in the near fu
ture open a school that, will assist poor
youths , in securing: a practical knowledge
of agriculture^ Such a school will be of
great benefit to the entire State and an
enthusiastic commendation of the project
is assured. The Rev. Archbishop P. W.
Rlordan has given his most cordial ap
proval to the Idea of opening . an agricul
tural school, as outlined in the following
circular: .' . .
-' For several .years the idea' has been con
sidered of establishing . an agricultural school
for.-.boys. to be affiliated with the Youths'. -Di
rectory ..and to complete ¦ or supplement- the
work done by that Institution. ,, This idea has
been .commended .with, peculiar earnestness by
the I press, - both . metropolitan , and rural. I and
by many thoughtful and experienced men who
have watched with dread the tendency of popu
lation toward cities, where environment Is
vicious and who have Joined in the cry "back
to the land." ¦ •.- .-.••- . ¦ '¦
Many promises of pecuniary aid for such a
school have been volunteered. Encouraged by
such promises, » by the general enthusiastic
commendation of : the project . and by a strong
conviction that such: a school for boys is need
ed, the managers of the Youths' Directory. have
bonded ¦¦. a fertile tract o£ one thousand acres
In a neighboring county and they now appeal
to the public for the;.money required for the
purchase . of • this land. - ' - % -, ' . ¦ •
OPEN TO ALLCBEEDS.
• The soil Is rich, level, well wooded, well
watered and the farm is • accessible. There
are buildings on the land, which, with- some
alterations, can be adapted to the purposes
of the school. No better bargain of this kind
can be had in the State because the property
is perfectly suited to the requirements of an
agricultural college and .the price Is reason
able. An opportunity ¦ to secure such a farm
may not come' again and it is hoped that an
ever generous public will give freely the money
required. " ! ¦ ' ' :•'••'• ¦-'¦-.
The broad policy which has made the Youths'
Directory a home for abandoned boys of evewy
race, color and creed will guide the i managers
of the farming school,' and for that reason^ this
appeal Is addressed not only to Catholics, ' but
to men and women of every creed. The work
to be done by the new school will redound not
only to the glory of God," but also to the im
provement of citizenship and the benefit of the
r There Is need In California of fanners who
will be at once practical and scientific. .The
drift toward the cltleaimust be counteracted.
Boys are leaving the country and flocking
toward the > crowded- cities ¦ and towns, where
life Is • artificial • and - where, too - often. ¦ they
i find bad environments and become vicious. and
e "Back to the land"., must become the shib
boleth of | the coming decade. Agriculture ¦ Is
the foundation of the country's wealth. ; It Is
the first of the sciences. • The best line that
Edwin Markham ever wrote is that In which
he said of the farmer sowing grain : .' He hurls
CITY HAS POUNDMASTEB,
BTJTL_HE HAS NO 'POUND-
trouble. Four days later an operation
was performed and Mr.. Cummlngs
seemed to be on a fair way to recovery.
A week later, however, pleurisy devel
oped, and on April 23 it was announced
that- Mr. . Cummings was suffering from
pneumonia In one lung. Last Tuesday
It was announced that the malady had
extended to both lungs, since which tim*
Mr. Cummings has been hovering be
tween life and. death.
Judiciary and Police Committee De
cides'to Make Ho Recommendations
; on Proposed Ordinances.
The- Supervisors'. Joint Committee on
Judiciary. and Police yesterday decided to
report back to the board without recom
mendation the proposed ordinances de
signed-to prohibit the playing 1 of card,
games for mdney In any public place
where liquor Is sold. The Chief of Police
and Police Commission • will be invited to
attend the next session of the board to
express their views on the subject.
Supervisor Eggers objected to the or
dinances on the ground that If would pre
vent >aman from playing cards In a gro
cery. Eggera thought the . proposed;
legislation was too sweeping . and that if
it was. aimed at such places as the Cafe*
Royal and the Baldwin Annex It should
be more specific in its provisions.
: Chairman Comte said . the ordinances
- were ' directed against a public evil, but
I the committee held the view that they
would prohibit card games for money ex
cept-In private dwellings. Supervlsor-Mc-
Clellan thought the police would be able
to cope with the evil under the existing
laws. Supervisor Boxton held that no
exceptions should be made and that the
prohibition should tie made general. Su
pervisor Booth said the - measures came
from the Police Commission, which ho
thought was qualified to Judge of the
necessity of , the . legislation. ..,;.•; •
BOASD TO ACT ON" ULWS
AGAINST POKES PULYINQ
The executive; comn\lttee of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee of San Fran
cisco has - received subscriptions aggrega
ting;$2252'44 perTmorith- for the 'period of
one year. The hope of the . committee Is
to increase the subscriptions to. the. total
of $5000 per -month, and the prospect lor
accomplishing i appears > to '.be good.
The ¦ list of the present subscribers, with
the amounts subscribed as supplied by tne
committee,- K is a«. follows:. .
Anglo-Callfornlan Bank, $50; Ames & H arrli »
$15; American Biscuit Company, $10; Charles
R. Allen $5; AbramBon-Heunisch Glass Com
pany $15; American Steel and Wire Company,
$25; Anglo- American Crockery Company, $2 00;
Allen's Press Clipping Bureau, $5; J. K. Arms-
y The Bank of California, $50; O. D. Baldwin
& Son, $10; i Boston .Woven Hose and Rubber
Company, S.Blum, $2; Blake. Moffltt &
Towne, $10; Baldwin & Howell, $5; Baker &
Hamilton, $25; Jacob Brandt, $2; Buckingham
& Hecht, $10; John Breuner & Co., $10; Bauer-
Schweitzer Hop ' and ' Malt ' Company. $5 ; Bass,
Hucter & Co., $5; Brewers' Protective Asso
ciation." $50. ' -¦'¦¦! :-> ¦ ¦ ' ¦:< 'ijii '•'-£. ,'
Capay Valley Land" Company, $10; Cyclopi
Iroiu.Works, $2; Castle Bros., $10; Crocker-
Wool worth Bank,. $25; California Barrel Com
pany. $10; Crocker, estate. $25; N. Clark &
Sons, $10- Christy- &: Wise Commission . Com
pany. $5; H. S.-^ Crocker & Co.. $10; Cunning
ham, Curtiss & Welch, $5; City of Paris Dry
Goods Company, "$10;; California Safe Deposit
and TruBt Company, $50; Commercial Union
Insurance Company, $10; J. V. Coleman. $10;
California Wine Association, $25; C, Carpy. $5;
California Northwestern "Railroad, $50.
Dunham. Carrlgan &'Hayden Co.. $25; Deck
elman Bros., $1; R. G. Dun & Co., $10; Thomas
Day & Co., $10. . - ¦ „ „
The Emporium, $25; J. W. Evans, $2 50.
W. P. Fuller & Co., v $ 15; George H. Fuller
Desk Co.. $5; Christian Froellch t $5; -Fisher &
Co.. $5; L P.: Fisher Advertising Agency.
$2 50; John Finn Metal Works, $5; J. A. Folger
& Co. $15; Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany. $25; S.H. Frank & Co., $10.
Gladding, McBean & Co.. $10; Guggenheim
& Co., $5 # ¦ Gas-- Consumers' ! Association, $5;
Charles Quillet, $1; German Savings and Loan
Society, f&P; William Giselman, $5; Goodyear
Rubber Company. $5; Goldberg, -Bowen & Co.,
$10; Getz Bros., $5; W. R. Grace & Co., $5; D.
Ghirardelll Co., $5; J. Goldman & Co.. $5..
Haggln & Tevls. $50; Hyman Bros. $5; Hale
Bros., $10; Harron, Richard & McCone, $10;
J. R. Hansen, $2 50; Henshaw, Buckley &
Co., $10; Henry Hickman, $2 50; C. A. -Hooper
& Co.. $10; Jacob Heyman, $1; A. P. Hqtallns
& Co., $7 50; Hlbernla Savings "and Loan So
ciety, $50; Hulse, Bradford & Co., $5; Heald's
Bufciness College, $5;. Fred- B. Halght, $2;
Hirschf elder & Meaney, $2 50; Holbrook, Mer
rill & Stetson. $15; Hooker & Co., $10.
Indianapolis Furniture. Company, $5: Italian-
Swiss Colony, i $10; Italian-American Bank,
$10; John G. Ils-& Co., $2 50.
J. C. Johnson & Co., $10; Thomas Jennings,
$5; Johnson-Locke Mercantile' Company, gro
cery department.' $5; Johnson-Locke Mercantile
Company, tobacco department, $5. ¦ ¦:
Frank Koenlg, $0; C. C. Kinsley, $5; Kast
& Co., $5. ' -¦-, ¦
London and San . Francisco - Bank, Limited,
$50; Liverpool and London ¦ and Globe Insur
ance Company, $10; London, Paris and Ameri
can Bank, $50; R. Liphtenberg, $2 50; Otto
Luhen & Co., $1; Lachman & ¦ Jacob!, $15;
William Lewis & Co., $2 50; Langley &
Michaels Co.. $10; Le Count Bros., $3; Levlng-
Eton & Co., $5, -.
Miller & Lux. $25; Mercantile 'Trust Com
pany. $10; Murphy, Grant & Co., $25: McAfee
Bros., $5; Thomas Magee & Sons, $25: F. ¦ E.
Mayhew & Co., $2; McNab & Smith, $10; Mu
tual Label and Lithograph Company, $10; Mor
ton Drayage and Warehouse Company, $10; C
M. Mann, $2 50; Daniel Meyer,. $100 flat, equal
to $8 33; W.-.W.- Montague. &;,C6^ $15;. John
Martin. $25; Main & Wlnchester,~$50 flat, equal
to $4.16. -¦-- ',¦¦ '
The Nevada National Bank, $50; Norton
Tanning Company, $2 50; H.: M. Newhall &
Co.. $10; New York Belting and Packing Com
pany, $3; 'Neuetadter-Bros.. $5;Neville & Co.i
$15; Nolan, Hewes, George & Earle, $5: Nathan
Dohrmann & Co., $12 50; National Tube Com
pany,-. $100 flat, equal to JS 33; Newman &
Levlnson, $5.
Owens, Varney & Green, $50; the Orpheum,
$10; Ottls, McAllister & Co., $2 50.
A. J. Prager & Sons, $2 50; Porter Bros., $10;
Pacific Metal Works, $5; Paraffine Palnt-.Com
pany. $10; Parcels, I Greenwood . & CoJ,- $5;
Payot. TJpham & Co., $5; Pacific Hardware and
Steel Company, $25; Phoenix Seed Company,
$5; Patrick & Co., $5; Pel ton -Water Wheel
Company, $10; Phoenix of L: and Prov. Wash.
Insurance Company, $10; Pacific Coast Syrup
Company, $5. '
Redlngton & Co.; $10: John Rosenfeld & Son,
$100 flat, equal to $S 33; Rothschilds & Ehren
pfort, $2; Rosenberg Bros. & Co., $5; John A.'
Roebllng & Co., $10; Boos Bros., $60 fiat, equal
to $5. :. ¦' . ¦ ¦ .. ; . - ...•/¦
Shreve & Co., $10; Ehainwald, - Buckbee ' &
Co., $10: Sherman. Clay & Co., $10; Stanley
Taylor & Co., $5; Sperry Flour Company, $20;
Val Schmidt, $2; Sterling Furniture Company,
$5; Sussman, Wormser & Co., $10; San Fran
cisco Savings Union, $50; San Francisco News
Company, $5; Louis Sloss & Co., '$5; Savings
and Loan Society, $20; Levi Strauss & Co., $25;
W. & J. Sloane & Co., $10; Sherwood & Sher
wood, $5; A. Schilling & Co., $15; Sachs Bros.
& Co.,- $10; Sanborn. Vail & Co., $5; Stockton
Milling Company, $10; Selby Smelting Works,
$50 flat, equal to $4 1G; C. Schilling & Co.. $5;
Security Savings Bank, $50 flat, equal to $4 16.
John H. Taylor & Co., $10; George H. Tay&
Co., $5;-R. R. Thompson, $5; Triest & Co., $5;
Tatum & Bowen, $10; Tlllmann & Bendel? $10;
Tubbs Cordage Company, $10. • • . ••¦•.- ¦ * ¦ .
Union Gas Engine Cpmpany, $10; Union
Pulp and Paper Company, $5.,
N. Van Bergen & Co.,,- $15. ,• .
Western Meat Companfc, $20; Welnstock,
Lubin & Co., $2 50; Wlcrfnan. Lutgen & Co.,
$5; Wells'- Fargo 1 s Bank," f50: Wetmore, Bowen
& Co., $15; J. C.Wilson & Co., $10; Williams,
Dimond & Co., $10; C. R. .Winslow, $1; Wll
merding Lowe & Co., $5. , ¦., '¦ / -
- An additionaPlist of subscriptions re
ceived will be published next week. ¦
The promotion committee has requested
the appointment In each of thirty-seven
California counties north'of Tehachapl of
a representative who shall be. In regular
communication with the 'executive com
mittee, to which he shall make-known the
wants of his particular section, together
with any suggestions that he may wish. to
offer. This representative wlll.be known
as "County Promoter of the California
Promotion Committee." The committee
recommends very strongly that all coun
ties that have no exhibit with i the State
Board of Trade shall each prepare ah ex
hibit and have it installed with the. board.
In'the circular letter that has ; been sent
out the following statement Is made:
Jt will be. seen that the Idea of this commit
tee Is to be closely allied with the several coun
ties and also to enlist their sympathy with the
work now - inaugurated for the I development", of
California.' By* this method it is thought . that
the best results can be accomplished and In a
systematic manner. - • ;¦.
Committee Expects tq;Secure
Fiv9 Thousand Dollars
. v ;a Months v. :
Fund to Build Up*State
Gi^>W3 Steadily in
Amount. \V
BUSINESS MEN
AID PROMOTION
A PPE AL TO TH E PEOPLE
OF CALIFORNIA FOR AID
to Build an Agricultural School/
Managers ofrVoiiths' Dirctbry Ask for Funds
CONGRESSMAN CUMMINGS
SUCCUMBS TO PNEUMONIA
Passing at Baltimore of the Distinguished
Veteran, Editor and Statesman.
THE- ; SAS-PEi^ UlSUO CAlili, S ATUKi3AY^ A Y 3, : 1UUS. ';. ',;
8
Thfe Popularity
:¦ .''"•' : — -^- — '— -
• :-:. .. A car-load of Call Superior,
: ' Atlases arrived ' yesterday and :
,f tire < now . ready for dintribn- |
tion. /All ; subscribers "[ to The r
•| Call are entitled to a, copy of '
, r this great ' book at^the prem-' 7
«4nm rate . ofC?l 5O.,; Ont :of_f
'town- subscribers desiring a :..
of this splendid preni- ;r
lum vrlll be supplied on- re-
ceipt of ' - $1 :« 50. " All mail •
orders -will be shipped by. ex- \
. press ' at subscriber's , expense/ : "
i*' .,"',''-" ' "'".'' V' '•'.'• ..' : . '
v ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE!
' From x and aft^r Mau 1,
1902, the price of Malt will
he $1.95 ner cwt, instead
of $1-85 Der.cwt,;as;liere-
EMPffiE; MALT HOUSE.
NEW YORK MALT HODSE. •
PIONEER MALT HOUSE;
SOUTHPARK MALT HOUSE;
- <wv«. -mm- w^^A . ' uii ktorwi^n^M
P THE REAL RAV.O.NA.
By Pf oftssor Gior ge Vharton J«ne«.
E. H. HARRIMAN, THE MAN.
CALIFORNIA GIRL WHO WILL ' /
ATTEND CORONATION OF /
J EDWARD VII. v |_
rT^JE WATERSPRITE.1
¦ First of a notable series,' of costume poses by well-known society ladles. «
¦ M " - - ¦ ' * s *¦•-¦" I ¦ . ¦ ' . ¦ * H
""""^""l f HE NEW OUTING GIRL. T? *
I FASHIONS, FICTJON, PAGES 1
I; OF HUMAN INTtfcEST |
I STORIES. |
I THE LAND OF MIRACLES. |
j PAT AND HEINY IN NEW AD- I
> \ VENTURES. J
/ V ADVERTISEMENTS.
•arruaHT itM *r tk« raoorn » «u»i« eo. emeiMUTi ."- ¦ • , . • .
TTY7^"^ T7 AT T TT7C?
' j' 1 WU * V/YLUilO»
gSBIHERE arc two values to every purchase —
$§V& what it costs and what it pays you. Cork
§&i|| costs 8 cents a pound, but if you arc drown-
• [ : ';£P*&! ' m g half a mile from shore, its value would
be "not what you pay for cork, but what cork saves
you/' When a woman buys soaps she often^ con-
fuses the two values. She sees only what she pays.
She overlooks what she receives. Now a single
cake of Ivory Soap pays back from ten to twenty
times its cost in the saving it effects.; Test ft -your-
self I Vegetable Oil Soap. Ivory white. It floats!SOME OF THE CLEVER STUDENTS OF THE OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL
WHO WILL TAKE PART IN THE PRODUCTION OF THE "MERCHANT
OF VENICE," TO BE GIVEN.TO-NIGHT IN THE GYMNASIUM;
. SUES, FOR HEAV Y: DAMAGES.— H.J. M nV
ler.- who; i while. In ;.the employ," pf- the.-.Uniun
lumber' Company/ A wes '.injured ;by J the ' fall of
a pile of,Iumber,\ls suing the company for S0l7a
damages. ¦>: >¦:•'.'.'• ". ; .^ -;:-.- r'v^ '".':•--;¦
Prince George Ernest.
. BERLIN. May. 7 2.— Prince > ." l.WUMam
George, Ernest" of Prussia -died \ here • to
night,: aged -76 years. • ¦ -, 7
>'-:..>: " >¦ ¦ •• •..;¦ ¦•;':•:!-' . ..
Purchases White Star Line.
LONDON. May 3.— The Daily Express
fisso rts that the purchase by J. PJerpont
Morgan of the White Star line of stcim
«rs ie an absolute purchase of everything
the company possesses, Inclpding good
will, real estate • and all." the vessel*. . In
.the New Ztaland. and Australian services
: PORTLAND. Or.. Mayj 2..-H.. W. Kerrl
gan of..: the > MultnomahT Athletic Club
broke two world's records to-night \ < H*.
efttabjished a'new -mark ¦ of ; 6 feet "34
jinches In the .running^ high : jump, aWd
cleared J U; feet: 3V4 Inches in" the ; running
long jump -.-¦ ' . • ¦¦-.-,-
Breaks; Two World's Rec6rds.
SAN JOSE. May, 2.- Chang KceHong
pajd a. 'fine -of $100 in Justice Herrlngton's
court in Santa Clara to-day: havinc been
convicted - of practicing medicine : without
a license... . . .•,.-¦..-•
Chinese Doctor Fined.
ROME,' May 2.— Mgr. Falconi, the acting
Papal delegate in Canada, 'Is. to succeed
Cardinal Martinelli as Papal delegate to
the United States.
NEW YORK. May 2.— A Tribune special
from Rome says: Vatican circles are as
sured that Cardinals Martinelli; and Gib
bons have both been summoned to Rome,
and will be here during the negotiations
with Governor Taft about the Philippines
question.
Falconi to Be Delegate.
- DENVER. May 2.— Assistant District^ Attor
ney -Sales to-day filed an Information charrinr
Mrs.^.Efne Whlffln.:the'yeung wife of a man
who fs,70 years of age, with the murder of her
infant.^ 11., days'old... An -autopsy disclosed th«
fact . that the child was ! killed ' by an Irritant
poison,* presumably ; arsenic
MANILA. MW 2.— .The ports of - Batariraa
and = La suna provinces have again been opened
to - trade, . subject to the cholera •_ regulations
The cholera, statistics show. a further increase
in the . spread of • the . disease. : The record to
date > is as follows: Manila, ~<Vt.case< 55.1
deaths ; 'provinces.; 200Q cases., H73 deaths'
THE HAGUE.- May Z— The bulletin'^ Boated
at Castle Loo . this mornlnK announced -th«»
Queen. Wllhelmlna- slept quietly last night and
that her condition; continues to be satisfactory.
< NEW 'TORK, - May 2.— Dr. ,'e. L. Kev»a
Archbishop . Corrlean'a physician, said to-Jav
that -the Archbishop had passed a good n!*hf
and was. steadily gaining: strength. . .-..: .
Percy McDonald pleaded guilty in\r U d B e
Lawler s court yesterday;.to a charge of
grand larceny and will be sentenced tn
day. He wan accused of stealing & ffnM
watch from Manuel Salito In A C John
ror.V fhilnon ; 159 Third street,' on fhe"
morning cf- February. 1 - 26 icetj ' ¦ ¦• ,
: . . , • ' '* ' •'¦•-'¦ '¦¦< : ¦-¦.:.-. ;¦¦¦
Pleads Guilty to Grand Larceny.
'OAKLAND. May 2.-The Oakland Tran
sit Consolidated* has contracted with the
Tacoraa" Mill Company, of San Francisco
for the lumber which will be required to
build the -Emeryville ferry pier The
structure " will , require 3,000,000 or 4.000 000
fefet -of timber. , ' '^ pW
""Transit Company Lets ContractT^/ 1
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. May 2.-License8 to marrv
Wer f o l .? SU^ e t; t °- day to Charles E. Hefner
f£ ed Oakland, and Charlotte E m°v o '
Ofen.-lS.-San Francisco; Peter J. Kelly °a
and Margaret Skahean, 24, both of Oak
NEW. YORK, s May - 2.-A .Times - spe'eial
from Omaha says: General Manager Dick
inson, of the- Union -Pacific is to have' the
operating department^pf 'the Central' Pa
cinc i lines of the Southern Pacific added
to his other duties as general ; manager of
the • Union Pacific; according to an official ,
of the' company. r E. H. Harriman, " chair
man of the Union Pacific. and president of
the , Southern v Puclfic. invited all of the
Union' Pacific^chlef officials to dine with
him' May ¦ 1 . in . San Francisco, if. the re
port which waiS given -out this morning
fc correct the object, has . been made pTaJn
• j-'Kruttsc|initt, whols vice president of
the Southern Pacific; now • has charge of
the operating department of the Southern
Pacific. - If the : change is - made his Juris
diction, in the; ; future^wlll . extend -from
San; Francisco to r El* Paso, taking In au
lines ficuth of the . main line between Oir
den- and-? Sans Francisco. ¦¦;-'. Since-; Erastus
Young. ¦; auditor of the Union , Pacific, was
made general, auditor of ; • the entire line a
consolidation making a single line to j tha
coast has .been looked for.- • ¦ -.
Union'; Pacific'. Manager to Exerclss
Contfok'of Part of Southern
: U .-;'.: ; .Pacific; ;.
REASON FOB CHANGES
BAILEOADS EXPLAINED
OAKLAND. May 2.— "Long Shot" Con
ley, the colored jockey, who was arrested
for insulting Miss F. Asqulth. did not ap
pear for trial . to-day on a battery charge
and his $50 ball was declared forfeited
The'bairwas reduced from J200 to $50 at
the request- of Conley's .attorney this
morning. >, ¦ - ¦ , . • - . ¦
"Long-ShotV- Conley Forfeits Bail.
OAKLAND. May 2.— The board of di
rectors of the Board of Trade has named
the following committees:
Executive — R. H. Chamberlain, chairman;
George E. Fairchlld. J. Tyrrcl, D. Edward
Collins. H. C. Capwell.
Auditing: and Finance— K. J. McMuIlen,
chairman : Hugh Hcgan. C. J. Heeseman, John
Mitchell, B. P. M. Greeley.
Harbor and Water Front — James P. Taylor,
chairman: Edson F. Adams, M. J. Keller, IS.
C. SeiEions, J. Tyrrell.
State Board of Trade Exhibit — John Mitchell,
chairman; Hugh Hogan. R. P. M. Greeley,
George E. Fairchild, J. Tyrrel."
Railroads — M. J. .Keller, chairman: R; II.
ClsambMialn. C. J. Heeseman, D. Edward Col
lins, R. P. M. Greeley. , •
Publicity — H. v C. Capwell, chairman; Hugh
Hogan. Georee E Fairchlld, R. H. Chamber
lain. C. J. Heeseman. :< - . •
De>l«gat« ' to State Uoard of Trade— E. W.
Watson. . .
Board of Trade Committee. "
Jollity Attends j Initiation to the In
" ter-Fraternity Or ganization at :
". - Stanford. . ~C^~CT': '^ ;
STANFORD [ UNIVERSITY, * May < 2.—
The annual "running" of '.the: initiates of
Sigma Sigma, the local mterf raternity or
ganization, - occurred Jin f ront : of ; the unl
• eity i postofflce to-day. - The. neophytes
were arrayed -in a varied character; of
fantastic costumes, and kept- thev large
crowd of students that assembled in a
' state "of continued merriment by . their
antics durinr.thenoonrhour. : • >t , _
The following, -were Initiated: ; L. ;.;. P.
Bausbach ¦ *04 and A.': B. C. * McOilvray '04
of Denver, "-i members- of » the Sigma Nu
Fraternity ;H. H.>Yerington '04 of Carson
and \V.~ Young '04 of Salt Lake City.- mem
! bersofthe Phi Kappa Psl Fraternity; G.
H ' Clark '04 of San Francisco, a Phi Delta
Theta: r C.' 3/ McNaught ¦ '04 of-Spokane, a
: Chi Psi: R.'N.!Park'O4 of Salt Lake Cltyr
:T. - Manwarlng :*04r-of 'Merlden,-; Conn..
C.'H.'Baker '03 of Oakland, ;member3
of the Zeta > Psl yraternity^BBfei&aa&IMllll
sigma sigma's doobs
open; to '¦: novitiates
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 2.-
No decision was rendered. In the intercol
lezate debate here to-night between the
universities of Washington and . Stanford.
A C Freeman,' one of the judges, failed
to appear and the remaining two were
unable to agree, so evenly matched was
tho contest. Judge W.' P. Lawlor and E.
n learning rendered the tie decision, the
formlr favoring Stanford and, the latter
lS qu Q c r stion for. debate was upon tha
advisability of granting ; euffrag^t0 f the
n(1 » rn ; i n - accordance - with the -spirit of
thi? fifteenth amendment Will T. Laube
mad« the best speech for Washington and
E. W. Rice for the ¦cardinal. ;•- , •.•¦.- ¦/-.-; ¦ •' ;!
Judges - Unable to Decide Between
Washington and Stanford
Universities.
DEB ATINQ TEAMS PROVE
; '.TO iBE EVEin*Y MATCHED
The weights for the Metropolitan are:
Water Coltff. 126; Alcedo. 122: Bdnnlbert.
121: .'McMekln. 120; Herbert. Jen candles.
117; Roehampton, 116; His Eminence. 110;
Heno. Far Rockaway, 107; Colonel Pad
den. 104; Kamara, Carbuncle. 103: Reina,
102; Whiskey King. 101: Old England.
Smoke. 107; Sombrero, 99: Pentecost. Sat
urday, Smart Set." Chilton.-9S; Dixie Una."
97; Luxcasta. 93; Arsenal. 90.
. , _ . -. _
The Bakersfield Street Fair.
The Carnival and Street Fair to be held
next, week at Bakersfleld promises to be
of unusual interest. The valley people are
all enthusiastic and are arranging to wel
come visitors with prodigal hospitality T> •
one-way fare for the round trip over the
Southern Pacific makes It a very inexpen
sive outing. .Tickets wiU.be:on sale May
7 and will be good returning untlJ/May li.
A large party Is going from San-Fran-
LOS ANGELES. Majri-Tht rtsidene* , of
O \. Hancock, (Ml Carondalet street. . waa de
stroyed-by 6>e to-day. 1 Th« low is estimated
at $30,000. v
VACAVILLE. May. 2.— At a rousin* meeting
here to-day a Board of Trade with a member
ship - of - 160 ' was: orjanized. F. ¦ B. ; MeKevttt
is president and E. E. MeFarland secretary.
The occasion was one of the most de
lightful In the history of the institution,
wbich was founded June 1, 1852, at BenJda
by Miss Susan "August Lord. J3 Shortly
afterward it passed to Miss Mary Atkins,
u pioneer educator, who conducted this.
the first Protestant school for women In
California, until 18C5. Then Dr. and Mrs.
Mllle took charge, removing in 1S71 to the
. present site in the hills back of Oakland.
There was one small building then in a
cow pasture. How there are six large
structures surrounded by a beautiful
: park, adorned with all that the landscape
gardener's art can bestow.
In Lisser Hall this morning, which was
crowded with guests, the formal' exercises
' wc-re opened by an address of welcome by
' Mrs. C. T. Mills. The response was by
Mrs. VV. H. Byington, president of the
.Mills Club. "The College in the World".
. vst the BuJjject of an address by Miss E.
B. Holbrook, A. M. Miss Hazel Boyd
gave a piano solo, being followed by Mrs.
Susan M. Farr.ham. who epoke on "En
dowment of History." Mrs. Lizzie Fisk
Peart. Superintendent of Schools of Yoio
' County, and a graduate of .Benicia, gave
, an interesting reminiscent talk. After a
vocal solo by Miss Ada Hartley there was
an address by Lueila Clay Carson, head
of the English department of the Univer
sity of Oregon, on ."College Women of the
P*oific Coast."
The Rev. Raymond C. Brooks of Oak
land gave the invocations. The orchestral
raucic was under direction of Professor
LeroJJa.
After luncheon the Alumnae Association
met. It us? announced that the : Mary
Atkins branch, now affiliated with the
¦Mills College graduates, v/ould establish
a scholarship in honor of Miss Atkins.
Mns. Charles G. Youngberg. president of
the association, reported that Mrs. Page
of Crown Point. N. Y.. a friend of Mrs.
' Mills, had given $500 toward the endow-
inent fund and that the association had
•given 311)0 to the organ fund. -
With a reunion of the alumnae of Mary
Atkins' echool and Mills College. Its suc
cessor. Founder'* day was celebrated as
b. semi-centennial anniversary to-day at
Mills College.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 2.
BERKELEY, May 2-Slx warrants were
ssued to-day for the arrest of peSo^a"
eged to huve violated the State mile limit
Hquor law Only three were returned™ y
Marshal Kerns, although foururtests
were made. One man-John Doe Kelu
a cook at the California Hotel-Leaped
the vigilance of the Marshal
Those arrested and placed under bond.,
by Justice Edgar were W. J- Ache-on
? r a °n P ,^ tOr °' the Ache s°n Hotel; James T
{foSrtsk r p E rlet T°o r beV f , x c s ni *
fornia Hotel, and John McCarthy P a di?rk
in the Acheson Hotel. Keefe, after *n£t
was started toward court unescorted hut
has not yet reached his destination
Nealon and Acheson were convicted re"
&% a PP a e a r iiar sssBss^^SS
foTml^^d^^ 6^^ "MM
prominent resident and chairman oft ho
citizens' committee, which has been Lht
Ing^Vspeak easles." The cases will come
up for arraignment to-morrow at"o a. m
Those arrested -were releaBPrt «J Tt^
bonds each, with sureties Is foUow^-lw
Acheson-Joseph Davis and J. T Landr?
gan; for Landregan-Jacob Baunil and \v~
J. Acheson; for Tobey-C. A Cain ,!i
John Blersch. . -.- . M>n. and
Celebrate Semi-Centen
nial of the Pioneer
Women's School.
The camp of Klondike, twenty-two
miles southeast of Tonopah. Is in Esmer
alda County, a-tjd from old maps the sup
position has arisen that the principal
camp is wrongfully held by Nye.
Twenty-four of the leading clalmholders
of Tonopah have organized a stock ex
change. . -Vi • -V ...
Before gold was discovered In the Tono
pah section the line waa never in dispute.
After the news of the bonanza had gone
forth Esmeralda made Its claim for the
territory and was ignored by Nye County.
At a meeting of the Grand Jury of Es
meralda County the question was dls
cuesed and the Jury authorized the em
ployment of a surveyor to determine the
boundary line.
CARSON.. Nev., May 2,-r-Two counting
of this State will -contest for the posses
sion of the mining properties In the Tono
pah section. According to the records of
county lines now existing, they are in
Nye County, but Esmeralda will cause a
resurvey to, be made in the hope that the
line may be moved a score or more of
miles to the eastward and the benefits
from the millions of dollars of golden
store accrue to its treasury. '
TWO COUNTIES CLAIM
TONOPAH GOLD FIELDS
Pour Alleged Keepers of
"Speak. Easies" Are
Gathered In.
J. B. Haggin's Water Color Equal
Favorite With Mackay Stable.;
NEW YORK. May 2.— The racing sea
son at Morris Park will commence to
morrow. The Metropolitan handicap, one
of the rich prizes of the turf year, gives
distinction to the opening day. Of • the
sixty-three" nominations made for the
handicap, probably twelve will start In
the race. They represent a field remark
able for Its balance. 1 In the Dlay that
will precede the start a wide distribution
of the money Is looked for.
The probable starters, with owners,
jockeys, and straight betting, as given to
night, are as follows: -.¦.-
METROPOLITAN HANDICAP.
of the White Star Company, in addition
to thc-se engaged in the Atlantic service.
The White Star Company Is further de
barred, says the Express, from buying or
building any ships or' engaging In- the
shipping: business In any part of the
world for a period of ten years. It Is
considered certain, adds the paper, that
all the White Star vessels will be trans
ferred to the American flag at the earliest
possible moment.
President. S. E. Colerrtan; : first vice
president/ Miss C: A. Whelan: second
vice president; William Gorrlll; treasurer
Charles Koenlg; corresponding secretary.
Mis? Addle Girrill; financial secretary. O
K."McMurry; dlrectors-^Dr. Charles Gil
man and- Miss- Ada : Bates.
"Ceci. Rhodes dreamed a great dream.
It is better for the wqyld that he did. His
works will endure forever. He may have
committed some wrongs: he may be
guilty of the exercise of the right of emi
nent domain, but the greatness of most
great men is sullied, -and he did what he
did for a purpose. He was the instru
ment that civilization chose with which
to develop South Africa and vhe did civi
lize it. He carved a great commonwealth
out of.a. trackless* j desert waste
Rhodes' will is not a plan. It is a dream
but it has 'set men thinking, talking. It
attracts attention to this world charac
ter, one of the greatest since Napoleon, a
manwho left a text for friendship that
will endure while civilization lives '•'
;.o' b f ?H&, Char , !es 5-,? r . own 8poke u Pon
"Social Effort in Religion" ; Professor
Leon «lchardson. upon "Combined Ef
fort." and Judge. Henry A.- Melvln upon
"Anecdotes. Their Uses and Abuses " '
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: - |
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway! May 2.
Starr King Fraternity held its annual
banquet this evening at Wendte Hall in
the First Unitarian Church. Several hun-
Qred members sat down ; . to a : ;.ba.n.quet
that wasi followed.'.bjf ' a-leerles bf : ad
dresses from prominent speakers.,- .*„
:! "Cecil Rhodes' .Will'', was -thesubject of
an -address by- Gavin . MeNab r . of San
Francisco. Mr. NcNatJ " said: "I believe
the .dreams of this great" dreamer -will
never be fulfilled, because the races of
the world can never be assimilated. - Still.
the builder of empires has by his mes
sage . contributed to the peace of the
world and his generosity will result in
great benefits.
D. Edward Collins' : complaint against
Dr. George C. Pardee, Henry P." Dalton
and G. B. Daniels for. an accounting of
the Enquirier" Publishing Company, .got
sbmehard knocks In Judge Ogden's court
to-day, where - Mr. Dalton's.: demurrer to
the document was \ argued by, the- attor
neys for both; sides. ¦ . ; -. ¦¦¦¦;¦ ' ' .J-. .-¦'..
•Attorneys Abbott and Snook made an
effort in the morning to have the entire
supplemental arid amended complaint
stricken from the flies, but after much
legal jarring. Judge Ogden denied their
motion This decision was followed by
argument to strike from the. files -an^ ex
pafte order that Judge^ Ogden made two
weeks ago, allowing the' plaintiff to file
the supplemental and amended complaint.
Judge Ogden found that he was in error
in • granting the order, as it should >have
been done by motion in open court, and he
anowed the motion of the defendants..
After the defendants' motion . to : segre
gate certain matters In the complaint had
been denied, the defendants argued
twenty-eight specifications on a motion to
strike them out. At the end of, the day
the^ court had expunged - sixteen of these
from the complaint.- The expurgated
changes relate principally to the defend
ants' financial condition and the realty
holdings of Frank A. Leach. ;¦ -
Oakland Office San. Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. "May 2.
Sixteen of His Charges
Are Stricken From
Document. ;
Gavin McNab Addresses
Gathering on Great
Man's Will.
ARREST DEALERS
IN COLLEGE CITY
Archibald Jones rises to the part of Shy
lock with the same ardor that makes him
a success on the diamond. The parts are
ail well cast- and. everything seems to
premise a very pleasing entertainment.
•Others in the cast are; Jessica, Miss
Alice Laws; Nerissa, Miss Cornelia Strat
ton; Duke of Venice, Charles Miller; Bas
sannio, Harry Gutterson; Antonio, Ray
mond Snowdon; Gratlano, Coleman
Schwartz; Salanio, Roy Warner; Salari
no. C. Miller; Lorenzo, Rossiter Mlkel-
Tubal, Coleman Schwartz: Launcelot
Grover O'Connor; O.d Gobbo. R. Mikcl-'
Leonardo. Balthasar, Stephen. Gurdeii
Edwards. . •?:%/;+¦ '
MILLS' ALUMNAE
HOLD A REUNION
OAKLAND. May 2.— After many
¦weeks of preparation, the stu- ..
dents of the Oakland ¦ High
School are ready for their pro
duction of the "Merchant o£
Venice," which will be presented Satur
day evening at the gymnasium of the
high school. There has been a great d*-
mand for tickets, and the reserved seats
have already been sold.
The play is being given for the purpose
of raising funds for the gymnasium.
The stage in the gymnasium has been
fitted with a i curtain, scenery and foot
lights. The costumes are rich, and every
thing has been done to present the play
with as attractive a setting as possible.
The rehearsals and the general handling
of the preliminaries, costuming, staging,
etc., have been In charge at Miss Annie
Brown. . ¦
The young people in the cast have done
surprisingly well at rehearsal. Mi as
Ethel Kent makes a charming Portia and
ASSERTS RHODES
WAS A DREAMER
." -: The * funeral services over the remains
of »¦ Kloppenburg will -be- held to-morrow
afternoon at his late ..residence and will
r be conducted- by .Rev,.. Herman Gehreke.
¦*pastor of -St. /Matthew? s Evangelical.Luth
*«ran Church: . ThesTemains-' will be'ere
; mated at Odd" Fellows 1 -Cemetery. -«. -
Kloppenburg then started a clsrar box
factory on Brannan street and again suf
fered a heavy loss by fire. Again: he set
tled with his creditors in full, and his
constant statement was that he would
not owe a- cent to any man-in business
affairs. -For the last fifteen years Klop
penburg was engaged in various mercan
tile enterprises and was highly respected
by all with- whom he came in contact.
He is survived by his widow and one
child, the wifeNof Philipp Kiefer, a whole
sale liquor dealer. Three grandsons of
the deceased— Otto C, Gustave H. and
Harry N. Kiefer— are well known in tha
mercantile world. '¦' .... ¦'.'• ..
itors and insisted on paying hla debts In
full. ¦¦'.'¦
- » ' ¦ , •
AGED PIONEER AND FORMER
TREASURER OF . THIS CITY
WHO DIED , YESTERDAY.
Superior Judge Lawlor appeared before
the committee in reference to demands
for jury fees in criminal cases. Auditor
Baehr holds Hhat Jurors should not be
paid unless they served on a trial. Judge
Lawlor, however, held a contrary view,
to the effect that every Juror ; who b»
called into court is In attendance and en
titled to pay.
Secretary Emery or the Health Boarfl
explained the needs of his department,
and was enjoined by the committee in
future to file itemized statements of ai!
bills for transportation and buggy hire
incurred by the chief emergency surgeon.
City Physician and other employes of th^
Health Department. .
Among the other heads of departments
examined were 'the Recorder, Coroner, and
County Clerk. .'
Whether or not applicants have be«n refused
admission during last year by reason of lack
of accommodations.
"What is the contemplated Increase in number
of pupils for the year 1902-1903? /
The members of the Board of Education
took up most of the morning session In
an endeavor to urge an appropriation of
$1,805,000 for the School Department. The
Directors admitted that this amount was
largely in excess of. the charter allow
ance, but they had designated the actual
needs of the department in the hope that
they would get mos,t of them.- Denman
made a defense of the figures on enroll
ment as returned to the Auditor by the
board. He produced figures showing that
on August 24, 1900, there were 40,591 pupils
enrolled, and up to June 7, 1901, new pu
pils had increased the total enrollment to
49 035. Denman held that this meant pu
pils in average daily attendance, and as
$32 50 per pupil the department would be
entitled to $1,534,117 50. The remaining
sum was ' wanted for new buildinga.
Woodward said; When Supervisor^Wllson
asked Denman to- pay the same salaries
as last; year the last named replied: '. .
. *,*If you give- ua- money enough, yes; oth
erwise we- must. cut down salaries."
Director .Roncoviert said some of the
schools had long waiting lists of pupils
and more' new teachers were necessiary.
The "committee thereupon submitted . the
following questions to the board for, re
. Wfcat - is the daily averag* attendance Irt
piimary. grammar, polytechnic and high
schools? ismMHtmmPmmtm
The Supervisors* Finance Committee
held an all-day session yesterday for the
purpose of hearing the heads of the vart
ous departments regarding their estimates
of the amount necessary to conduct their
affairs during the next fiscal year.
nance Committee.
Board of Education Appeals to Fi-
EXPLAINS NEEDS OF SCHOOLS.
COLLINS' PLAINT
GETS HARD HITS
sf*^. TTO- KLOPPENBURG, a pioneer
ft V\l resident of this city and formerly
II II Treasurer of 'the city and county
of San Francisco, passed away
-.-.. at his residence. 224 Grovestreet,
on Thursday last at the age of 84 years.
In the. death of the. aged 'argonaut his
bereaved widow and'only child are over
whelmed 5 with -grief/and byi-a strange
significance Kloppenburg's \ body . will be
cremated to-morrow on the sixty-first an
niversary of -his wedding day.
.Kloppenburg was born In Scharmbeck.
Germany, and came to the United States
when he was a young man.- He resided
in New York City for a time, and when
the news'of the discovery of gold in Cali
fornia reached- the East he decided to
come to the land of promised He arrived
In this State in the early fifties, and six
months Mater was followed "by. his young
bride.* Kloppenburg embarked in -the gro
cery business and won the confidence of
all with whom he came in contact by his
sterling qualities and integrity. He
opened a store on the southwest corner
of Pine and ; Montgomery streets, where
the Russ House now stands. - -• . ¦
He was a- partner in the wholesale liquor
firm of Kloppenburg & Bretvidel and en
joyed the trust' pf the entire commercial
community. In 1S68 Kloppenburg "was
elected City and- County Treasurer and
won a second term by a large majority.
He was a candidate for a third term, but
the Democratic party, to which he be
longed, suffered a. defeat on that occa
¦ Klopper.btjrg 1 embarked in < the seventies
in a . lead^sntelttng; enterprise;, and; with
hie associates erected a costly plant near
the Sixrmile House. He invested a lar«:e
sum: of 'money in the concern," but the <
proved a failure and .Kloppenburg
was a heavy loser. -He refused to accept
the offer of a- compromise from. his cred-
The authorised capital stock of the cor
poration Is $3,500,000, of which $2,650,000 is
outstanding: $5,5W,00O first consolidated
mortgage gold bonds are authorized bear
ing 5 per cent interest, payable in May
and November, to run until May 1, 1919,
of which . $2,400,000 is outstanding. One
million five hundred thousand dollars gold
hdnds • of , the Denver Consolidated Ga^
Company, subject to redemption at 103
-and ¦ bearing 6 per cent Interest. Is out
standing, and also $800,000 of bonds of tha
Denver Consolidated Electric Company,
subject. to call,. bearing 6 per. cent Inter
est. The Interest due yesterday on the
$2,400,000 first consolidated mortgage bonds
was. defaulted. Receiver Doherty said to
day: ; *?'
"The company, while virtually con
trolled by Emerson McMillin of New
York, is owned by individuals living In
Denvor. Columbus. Ohio. Grand. Rapids.
Mich., and New Tork City,"
The suit developed that the company's
available cash assets are $250,000. and it3
liabilities, aside from the bonded indebt
edness, are approximately $500,000.
' DENVER. : May 2.— Judge Morton S.
Bailejr ">of the Eleventh Judicial District,
sitting at, Canyon: City, has appointed
Heriry L. Doherty receiver of the Denver
Gas and Electric Company 'on application
of Dennis Sullivan, who brought suit
against, the company on a promissory, note
for .$15,000, to which the company'con
fessed judgment. The receiver's bond was
fixed at JUJu.OuO.
¦ i Reqetver, Doherty has been president of
the Denver Gas and Electric Company
since May, 1901. and was acting president
from the . preceding October until -that
date. Extensive additions have been mad*
to plants and service of the company dur
ing -.hts incumbency, and the default in
payment of obligations, it Is said, la due
to the fact that bonds. of the company
bearing 5 per cent interest have command
ed only Ti per. cent of face value In the
market, and the officers of the company
have not felt justified In floating them at
that price • to meet the ' current construc
tion expenditures, -which have averaged
about $25,000 per month; .
/Prizes were awarded,«to cadets as fol
lows:'For excellence in target ¦ practice
with great guns— Frank D. Hall/-. Illinois -
first prize, gold medal; Frank C. Martin
Illinois, second prize,'. silver medal: JH
Blackburn, Massachusetts, third prize
silver medal: Clayton M. Simmons, Penn
sylvania, fourth i prize, bronze - medal !
Walter Q. Diamond. Massachusetts, fifth
prise, bronze: medal; Nell E. Nichols
Michigan, captain 'and fullback of -last
year's footbd.lt team and <this year stroke
of the Academy, crew, was accorded the
honor of; having his name , engraved on
the Thomas silver trophy cup for having
done, the best athletic work during the
year at the academy; Emory S;. Land
(Wyoming, handsome sword; for ' having
done the most for athletics in the past
year; Francis S, l A,Vhitten. New Mexico
gold medal, . for beine one of.- the cham
pion '¦'. fencers in the intercollegiate fenc
ing tournament held. In New York last
March. ¦ He ? also receiver! .a 'gold medal
for - being the cadet >mall
swords man. V ~ .'¦- ¦" ¦:- -.-:' .'"¦ -, - .-. , .. •-
At the conclusion , of his address '" and
distribution of diplomas the President!
requested to be taken to the hospital,
where Cadet Emory S. Land of : Wyoming,
a member of .the graduating class, is
lying 111. Sitting up in bed the sick boy
received his diploma from the President,
who made a few appropriate remarks, in
which he expressed the hope that he
would soon be out. The President was
then given the (Opportunity of witnessing
thn customary prank^of the plebes throw
ing a graduating class out : of quarters,
which afforded a* great deal of amuse
ment. ¦ .-¦ ¦ '.¦•¦'.- *
After luncheon the President and party
went aboard the torpedo boat Owynne
for a short trop to Chesapeake Bay, after
which they took the train for Washing
ton. • . -. • ;•-. ' '¦ • ¦ . .
HONORED OUT SICKBED.
Some of you will have to do your, part in
helping construct the ships and the guns which
you use. T You need to bend ¦ every energy to
ward making these .ships and suns in aff their
details the most perfeet-of their kind through
out Ihe world. '.-irhe''s,Mp*niust, be""seaworthy,
the' armament fitted '-/dr the' .b<ssf protection" to
guns and men, the gims in all their mechanism
fit to -do the greatest: possible execution In" the
shortest 'possible' time. •¦* Every" detail,- whether
of'protectlon to'the gun crews; of rapidity and
sureness'in handling the ammunition and work
ing the elevating and 'revolving- gear," or -of
quickness and accuracy In sighting.' riiusf be
thought out far In advance, and the- thought
carefully executed In -the actual 'work: • The
best ships and guris and the most-costly mech
anism-are. utterly valueless If the men jB.ro not
trained to use them to the 'utmost possible ad
vantage. -From now ori • throughout -your lives
there ean.be:no.slacknessonyour part. .' Your
duty must be present -with -you, .waking and
sleeping.'.: You have got to train yourselves,
and you have got to train those .under you,
in th* actual work of seamanship, .In the actual
woik of gunnery. '~
If the day for battle comes you. will need
all that you octsiss of boldness, skill, ¦ deter
mination, -ability to bear punishment and'in
stant readiness in emergency. But though
without these qualities you can do nothing, yet
even with them you can do but -little If . you
have not had. the forethought and set 'purpose
to train yourselves and. the enlisted men under
you aright. Officers and men alike must have
the sea. habit; -officers and men alike must
realize that in battle the only shots that count
are the shots that hit. and that normally the
victory will 1le with the side whose shots hit
oftenest. Seamanship and marksmanship, these
must.be the two prime objects of your train
ing, both for yourselves and for the men under
you. •' . ; ¦ : ' .
DUTIES OF OFFICERS.
We, all of us. earnestly hope that the occa
sion for war may never come, but if It haa to
come then this nation must win: and the prime
factor in securing victory over any foreign foe
must of necessity be the United States navy.
If the navy falls us' then we are doomed to
defeat, no matter what- may be our material
wealth or the high average of citizenship. It
should, therefore, be an object of prime impor
tance for every patriotic American to see that
the navy is constantly built up, and, above
all, that it Is kept to the highest point of efn
ciency. both in material and In personnel. It
cannot be too 01 ten repeated that in modern
war, and especially In modern naval-war, -. the
chief factor in achieving triumph 19 what haa
been done in the way of thorough preparation
and training before the beginning of the war.,
It Is what has been done before the outbreak
of war that U all important. - After the out
break'all that can. be, done is to use to best
advantage the great war engines and the sea
manship, marksmanship and general practical
efficiency which already have been provide'l
by the forethought of the national Legislature
and by the administrative ability, through a
course of years, of the .Navy Department.
A' battleship cannot be Improvised. Ittakes
years to build, and the, skill of the officers and
crew- In handling it aright can likewise never
be improvised, but must spring from use and
actual sea service and from the moat careful,
zealous and systematic- ' training.- .You,- to
whom I, give these' diplomas,- now Join the
ranks of the officers of. the United States navy.
Tou enter a glorious service, proud of its mem
ories of renown. You must- keep ever In your
minds the thought of the supreme hour which
may come when what you do will forever add
to or detract from this renown. : >,".-.
POWER OF' THE . NAVY.
i 'A - great crowd gathered around the
grandstand, where the cadets were to re
ceive at the hands of the President the
t'iplomas which would make them officers
In the .United States navy. .
The graduating classx . discarded their
guns and accouterments and advanced
close to the platform. President Roose
velt then • addressed them, his ; remarks
being frequently Interrupted by applause.
Following is the President's address:
- ' In receiving: these diplomas you become men
who, abov* almost any others of the entire
Union,. are to carry henceforth the ever-present
sense of .responsibility which must come with
the knowledge that on- some tremendous day
It may depend upon your courage, your pre
paredness, your keen intelligence and knowl
edge of your profession whether or not the na
tion is again to write her name on the world's
roll of honor ¦ or to know, the black shame of
defeat. ¦ , •• '¦¦.:¦¦."'• *~':-^ ¦ -
As the president aligHted from 'the train
hiewvas received by Superintendent Wain
wright.and his aid, Lieutenant H.J.
Stegeraier. A battalion of marines under
command;', of Captain Lucas, was drawn
iip at: the station. The party, proceeded in
carriage"^ to~ the academy, grounds, the
President' going directly to the superin
tendent's house, where there was a short
Wait- to permit -the .assembling of : tha
cadet battalion at the chapel. • The. 'day
was , most j propitious, and : the cadets in
their uniforms presented a line appear
ance. ;¦ ¦••¦.:•'.¦ . ¦-.. ¦ :
.ANNAPOLIS, Md.7 May. 2.— The special
train conveying President' Roosevelt and
party to Annapolis to attend the gradu
ating exercises at the Naval Academy ar
rived here at 9 :45 this morning over the
Pennsylvania railroad, ti
Inabilities Half a Million
' /and Far EJxceed Cash
.¦.Y'.^: .Assets.
Young. Officers ; Are Told
; Al5out the . Navy's
Company in Diffi
culties.
Denver Gas and Electric
President Attends An-
napolis Graduation
Exercises.
Oakland High School Students to Play To» Night for
the Benefit of the Gymnasium Fund.
RECEIVER RULES
BIG CORPORATION
¦Funeral of Honored PioYieer to Take Place on
; Anniversary of Wedding: Day.: v
OTTO KLOPPENBURG DIES
AT FOURSCORE AND FOUR
CLEVER AMATEURS TO APPEAR
IN THE "MERCHANT OF VENICE"
NATION'S CHIEF
HONORS CADETS
THE SAN FRA^CISCar GALL, SATURDAY; MAY 3^ 1902.
9
HORSE.
L
Jockey. |
Owner.
IBetttns
Watercolor... Wonderley J. B. Haprstn 4 to X
McMeekin.... Landary.. W. Barrlck.. 20 to 1
Herbert.....^ Odom W. Rollins.. 12 to 1
Ten Candles.. Booker.... J. Widener.. 12 to 1
Roehampton.. J. Woods.. J. O. Fol- * '
-- f . lansbee .. 8 to 1
His Eminence Bullman. . C. H.Mackay 4 to 1
Heno. ........ Burns C. H.Mackay 4 to I
Kamara Brennan.. C. H.Mackay -4 to 1
Far Rockaway Miles J. Seagram.. 100 to 1
Bonnlbert McCuo F. Farrell... 8 to I
Col. Padden... J. Martin. F. Fwrell.. 8 to X
Rejna....."... O'Connor.. A. Feather- . .
stone . ... . 25 tfl 1
Arsenal J. Daly ... A. - Feather-
- ¦ ¦ ¦ " ' - • . ' stona 25 to 1
Whiskey Kins Redfern... Pepper Stbl. SO to 1
Old England.. Jackson... O, B. Morris 15 to 1
Sombrero..... I>. Smith.. O. B. Morris 15 to I
Pentecost Cochran... J.-E. Madden 15 to 1
Saturday Thompson. A. II. & D.
.' ..V H. Morris. 50 to I
Chllton » C. E. Smith 10 to 1
Carbuncle .... Shea T. J. Healey 29 to 1
Smart Set.... Smith L. Walbaum 40 lot
Dixie Line :...^.... R. . T. Wll- -V
¦ ¦ . son v Jr. ,.. 30 to t
iAixcasta..... Creamer.. H. T. Oxnard 40 to I.
Alcedo Shaw L. V. Bell... 8 to 1
•Smoke. ...... .......... ....................
•Doubtful.
HORSE.
L
Jockey. |
Owner.
IBetttns
Watercolor... Wonderley J. B. Haprstn 4 to X
McMeekin.... Landary.. W. Barrlck.. 20 to 1
Herbert.....^ Odom W. Rollins.. 12 to 1
Ten Candles.. Booker.... J. Widener.. 12 to 1
Roehampton.. J. Woods.. J. O. Fol- * '
-- f . lansbee .. 8 to 1
His Eminence Bullman. . C. H.Mackay 4 to 1
Heno. ........ Burns C. H.Mackay 4 to I
Kamara Brennan.. C. H.Mackay -4 to 1
Far Rockaway Miles J. Seagram.. 100 to 1
Bonnlbert McCuo F. Farrell... 8 to I
Col. Padden... J. Martin. F. Fwrell.. 8 to X
Rejna....."... O'Connor.. A. Feather- . .
stone . ... . 25 tfl 1
Arsenal J. Daly ... A. - Feather-
- ¦ ¦ ¦ " ' - • . ' stona 25 to 1
Whiskey Kins Redfern... Pepper Stbl. SO to 1
Old England.. Jackson... O, B. Morris 15 to 1
Sombrero..... I>. Smith.. O. B. Morris 15 to I
Pentecost Cochran... J.-E. Madden 15 to 1
Saturday Thompson. A. II. & D.
.' ..V H. Morris. 50 to I
Chllton » C. E. Smith 10 to 1
Carbuncle .... Shea T. J. Healey 29 to 1
Smart Set.... Smith L. Walbaum 40 lot
Dixie Line :...^.... R. . T. Wll- -V
¦ ¦ . son v Jr. ,.. 30 to t
iAixcasta..... Creamer.. H. T. Oxnard 40 to I.
Alcedo Shaw L. V. Bell... 8 to 1
•Smoke. ...... .......... ....................
•Doubtful.AMERICAN SHIP WHICH WILL
BE CONVERTED INTO AN
OIL-CARRIER..
Movements of Steamers.
675 pkgs hardware, 754 lbs hops, 10 bales
leather, 17 cs liquors. 1791 gals lubricating oil,
3400 lbs millstuffs. $5 pkgs machinery, 250
pkgs metal polish. 50 rolls and 23 bales paper.
14 bales overalls, 1080 lbs raisins, 150 cs canned
salmon, .599 lbs eeed, 11 cs scales. 9 pkgs sew
ing machines, 1 cs wine.
To New Zealand— 10,941 bbls flour, 16.240 lbs
dried fruit, 6 cs boots and shoes. 8 pkgs bi
cycles and sundries. 600 lbs chocolate, 2000 lbs
cereals. i:56 pkgs building material. oOU cs
canned goods. 3435 lbs coffee, 70 pkgs drugs,
20 cs fuse. 25 pkgs groceries and provisions,
79 pkgs hardware, 4!H gals lubricating oil.
10,509 ft lumber. 170 pkgs metal polish. 161
pkgs machinery. 180 rolls 40 bales paper, 15,440
lbs raisins, 307 cs canned salmon, 74 pkgs sew
ing machines. C pkgs sporting goods, 10 cs
55 gals wine, 11,200 ctls wheat. J
To Samoa — 31 bbls flour, 410 cs canned sal
mon. 13 pkgs salted salmon, 413 lbs ham. 123
cs assorted canned goods, 78 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 6 pkgs dry goods. :; cases wine, 32
pkgs hardware. 5 pkgs paints and oils, 340
lbs lard. 2376 lbs bread, 5 cs table meal, 240
lbs coffee. 4 ctls wheat, 200 lbs peas, 7 pkgs
machinery. 1960 lbs rice, 389 pkgs building ma
terial, 71S9 ft lumber, 15 pkgs windmills.
To Fiji Islands— 7 crs bicycles, 40 cs canned
salmon, 3 bales dry goods.
To South Africa — 305 cs canned fruit, 550
ca canned salmon, 1000 ft lumber.
TO ARRIVE.
- -SATURDAY. MAT. 3.
Sun- rises ....................... v 5:12
Sun sets ............ i. '.'...'... ........: 7:02
Mcon • rises - ........'. 2:14 a. m.
The steamer Sonoma, which Eailed on Thurs
day for Sydney and way ports, carried a gen
eral cargo valued at $142,465, exclusive of the
shipments to Honolulu. The cargo was mani
fested and destined as follows: For Australia,
S45.6R2: New Zealand. $83.48?; Samoa. $7602:
Fiji Islands. $519; South Africa, $3174. The
following were the principal exports:
To Australia— J>100 lbs dried fruit. 3K0 cs
canned goods. 3 csks bottled beer. 345 lbs but
t«>r. 28 cs boots and shoes. 53 cs corsets, 21 cs
chewing gum. 23.492 lbs coffee, 23<5 pkgs drugs,
10 ca fuse. 15 pkgs groceries and provisions.
The Sonoma's Cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British steamer Caithness will load lum
ber on Puget Sound for Buenos Ayres at i5s;
chartered prior to arrival.
Reinsurance Advance.
The reinsurance rate on the American bark
Tosemitc was yesterday advanced to 30 per
cent.
The revenue cutter Thetis left Filbert -street
wherf yesterday and anchored in the stream.
Captain Healy expects to leave to-day for
Seattle, from which port he goes to Nome.
Goes North To-Day.
Th<» schooner Amethyst which turned turtle
off Vancouver coast last February and drifted
to Barclay Sound has been righted and is be
ing repaired by settlers. .
Schooner Amethyst Is Righted.
The eteamship Vmatilla arrived yesterday
from Puget Sound with one of the largest car
goes 5he has brought for many days. Handling
the freight at Seattle and Victoria occupied
more time than usual and the Umatilla reached
Broadway dock several hours late.
Steamship Umatilla's Big Cargo.
The stea— iRhip Australia will sail on Sunday
fr>r Tnhiti with passenger* and a large cargo.
Th<* cargo includes 140.000 feet of lumber.
Among the passengers will be Mrs. I£. S. Lin
coln, the wife of a prominent railroad official.
Australia Sails Sunday.
John Hytlop, in charge of the Merchants'
Exchange lookout station at Point Lobos, re
turned to <Jutr yesterday after a two weeks'
vacation. During Hyslop'p absence Michael
Fitzgerald, the Exchange reporter at Melggs
wharf, was in charge of Point Lobos.
Hyslop Returns to Duty.
CaiJtaln "Ike" Smith of the Sea Queen has
twen appointed to command the army trans
port tender Slocum in place of Captain Harry
Marshall, resigned. •"Ike" Smith is consid
ered one of thp most capable towboat men in
ihp harbor and his old command will be his for
the asking if he does not find Uncle Sara's
¦oa-rtoe to his liking. Captain Tonneson takes
the Sea Queen and Captain Sanstrum gets the
Liberty.
Ike Smith Gets the Slocum.
New Marine Publication.
Tlie Maritime World Company has launched
the first number of the Maritime World, a
publication which will be devoted to the ship
rung news of the world. The publishers prom
ise for the Maritime World that it will be a
magazine on the Review of Reviews order and
that everything of interest to the « larine world
at targe and to the lecal shipping community
will have a place between its covers. The first
number is handsomely bound and contains
rhim-six uaEes of attractive reading matter.
The Harbor Commissioners held a conference
yesterday afternoon regarding the recent col
lapse of Howard-street wharf No. 2, and con
sequent destruction of the coal bunkers there
jii Xothir.* was done in the way of fixing
the rctponsibilSty lor the disaster, although
the board's attorney, ex-Governor Budd, de
clared ihat in his opinion the commission was
not legally liable for the loss sustained through
!lic tumbling doTrn of the State'6 teredo-per
forated wharf. It was agreed that W. G. Staf
ford & Co. should remove the coal without
prejudice to any future claim they might make.
The removal of the coal •will permit an ex
amination of the wreck by expert engineers,
asid when this is done the matter will once
more be brought before the board.
"Will Bemove the Coal.
KING COAL, is rapidly taking a
back seat as an important factor
in the merchant marine, and the
domain of King Oil is as rapidly
increasing in size and import
ance. Fuel oil is here to stay, and within
a few months there will be established by
the Matson Navigation Company at Hon
olulu thoroughly up-to-date oiling sta
tion. The American ship Marion Chilcott.
which arrived yesterday with a cargo of
sugar from Hilo, has been selected as the
I>ioneer of a line of oil transports which
will be employed in keeping full the oil
tanks of the Honolulu depot* Just as soon
as the Chilcott discharges her sugar she
v.ill be hauled to the Rlsdon Iron Works'
Potrero shops, where everything is ready
lor converting the sugar boat into an oil
carrier. The Risdon people have engaged
to complete the transformation in ninety
days after the ship is turned over to
i hem. She will be fitted with tanks hav
ing a total capacity of 16,000 barrels. The
Marion Chilcott is a well-found ship, with
a smart pair of heels. She went down to
Hilo in ten days, and her return trip,
which occupied twenty-three days, is con
sidered good time under the weather con
ditions at present prevailing.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
CLEARED.
Friday, May 2.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, for EHreka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Iacua, Gunflerson/ for Portland- Dol
beer & Carson. • - • •' . . .. . ¦
• Stmr ' Columbia, Doran, . for Astoria; .'Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company. - . k- -.
Stmr ganta Roea. Alexander, for SanDleeo-
Goodall, Perkins & Co. , -.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May 2.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Gualala, - Weber, 11 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
IStmr Newsboy, Johannsen, 18 hours f-om
Fort Bragg. ' * ¦
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka-
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 66 hours > from Vic-
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 24 hours from. Eureka.
Jbhlp Marlon Chilcott. Nelson. 23 days from
I-nlo. . • . . ¦ . . .
Schr Newark. Nlelion, 0 hours from Black
Point. • . . ,
Shipping Intelligence.
;• Rev/- James - H. ¦ ' JCelIey|V; pastor] of j the
Third ; Colored .Baptist 'Church on Powell
street,'; was % instructed ! : and 'I arraigned in
Judge ¦') CabanissV"- court j yesterday on ., a
charge of betrayal under promise of mar
riage. : g The ,- complaining v witness, ; Miss
Hattie 'Bynum, r« was r in - court. Attorney,
Scott . appeared- for.s the.i defendant and by
consent / the •' case : . was ' continued till ; next
Thursday. ;. • ' ; -, _- _ ,.• ..--
Colored * Pastor j Arraig^ned.
The case of Thomas 'Flaherty.' charged
yritlv the rimrder of Frederick* H. -Roller
in William »Umland;s . saloon S 311 1 Franklin
street, oti r the : night of January 28, will be
piven tO T the Jury ,this morning.
George: H. : Bahrs made? the opening ad
dress for. the prosecution: yesterday and
was followed by 'Attorney Frank J. Mur
phy <: for >:the*.-; defendant. - Porter : Ashe
nmdc . the : closing , address for the prose
cution;; ai.a the -Judge [said'; he • would
charge the jury this, morning/.
Flaherty ' Murder. Trial.
\ William C. ,' Butts was instructed "and
arraigned before Judge Cabaniss yester
day on the charge ''of, assault with intent
to do*; gr:ov«us bodily ' harm , upon .Thomas
Garrctt." - • O'Connor ¦" requested
that as Attorney Peter F. Dunne was ab
sent from | the city the • case | be continued
till Monday along with the ¦ cases of Fred
Hanstc-d and W. E. O'Donnell. ¦ Attorney
Archie . Campbell, ¦ on behalf , of the three
c'efen«lanis;<- objected ' to ' a continuance
And showed that the prosecution expected
it. -as none of .it's witnesses iwas present.
The ! Judge ' continued the cases J till ¦ Mon
day Rft«.rncon"at 1:30 o'clock and said
they must;go on, at that, time. • ,.: '
Garrett's Attorney Absent.
The fight between George : Mayerle an3
his brother, Frank Mayerle, the opticians
at 1071 and 1073 Market street respectively,
which has been -taken into the Superior
Court, willalso have.a hearing in the po
lice court. Yesterday Frank ; Mayerle se
cured a warrant for the arrest- of W. - F
Elsea. a "spieler" for his brother, George
on the charge of , battery. He alleged that
during a dispute yesterday morning Elsea
struck r him om the face, V breaking his
glasses and cutting his , right eye. Elsea
then threw, Mayerle to the sidewalk and
fell on top of him.* Bystanders lifted them
to. their feet and Elsea again struck him
Elsea , was arrested and released on bail'
Mayerle Brothers' Troubles.
Dr. Caldwell said he was at the Chutes
Thursday night and saw the. special'brut
ally beating a bt y, W. J. Dray, of 156 Sec
ond street. He atruckthe boy on the ear,
bringing blood,: and .was. hammering away
at him when Caldwell interfered and re
monstrated with the officer for his brutal
ity. .' The special used offensive language
toward the doctor 1 and struck him a .vio
lent blow on the. right eye.- -
The boy's parents, if is said, will swear
out "a- warrant for. the special's arrest on a
charge of battery. ., V
Dr. E. J. Caldwell,- who stops at the
California Hotel/swore "to a warrant be
fore Judge Cabanlss yesterday for the ar
rest of ""John Doe,", a. special officer at
the Chutes, on the charge" of battery.
The doctor has a badly swollen and black
ened eye as a result of his encounter with
the. special/ whose name he did not know.
for His Arrest on Charge
. of Battery. ,
Dr. E. J. Caldwell Obtains a Warrant
SPECIAL OFFICER AT THE
CHUTES ON THE RAMPAGE
Branch Hydrographic : Office, U. S. N., Mer
, chants' Exchange, '. San Francisco, -Cal.,
May 2, 1902. . • .
The Time Ball on - the j tower of the i Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e.. at noon of the 120th : meridian. . or at 8
p. ra.. Greenwich »tlme. ¦. , - -• •¦
-¦ W. . H. STANDLEY.
. Lieutenant. U.S. N.. in tharge.
Time Ball.
J. F. McWilliams'got a thousand good
cigars for a little talk over a telephone
yesterday, - but. he wasn't ] satisfied with
this, and' in making an effort to" secure
the second thousand he fell into the hands
of the police. ¦• : : , ; ~
McWilllams telephoned to M.,A. Gunst
& Co.. 23 Kearny street, stating that ho
was the buyer ,'of Redington &¦ Co.,
wholesale druggists, 23 Second street, and
wanted 1000 cigars of a certain brand de
livered to a boy whom he would send up.
When the boy called the goods were de
livered to him and , according to • instruc
tions from McWilliams, he left them at a
grocery * on Eddy -and . Polk : streets.
Then he repeated the scheme on the Red
Front store, ,857?Market street, but there
the manager became suspicious and,tele
phoned : to police headquarters, detaining
the. boy meanwhile.' > .' , - ',.
•~ Detective Roy Levings accompanied" the
boy V when he returned to -the grocery
and caught McWilliams just,' as
was leaving with the first bundle of
cigars.: He was taken to the City Prison
and . his name placed on the. detinue book
until his record can be looked into. Mc-
Williams, It is said, is not the prisoner's
real name, 1 and it is supposed . he was. at
one time a solicitor for a wholesale liquor
establishment, in 'this city. . ¦:
Co. and 'in
Jail. •
Foses as Buyer for Bedington &
McWILLIAMS SECTJItES .
GOOD CIGARS CHEAPLY
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early moiping tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive, tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs.' The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except. when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given . is subtracted from I the depth given by
the charts.. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. .) /.» ' l
PRAWLE POINT— Passed Anril 30— Ger
bark G H Wappaus, from Oregon, , for Queens-
PORTLAND BILL— Passed May 1 — Br ship
Glencona, from Hamburg-, for San Francisco. -
HAMBURG— In port April 30— Br ship Mat
terhorn. for Oreeon. . -¦. ,',
ROTTERDAM— In port April 15— Br ship G
W Wolff, fw Swansea and San Francisco. 5
TABLE BAY — In rort March 2&— Br ship
Marion Woodslde. for Fraser River. •¦
GIBRALTAR— Off the rock April 17— Ital
bark SDeme. from Genoa, for San ; Francisco
HAVRE — Arrived May 1 — Ger stmr> .Hero
dot, hence Jan ¦ 22.' _"-¦¦• - ;
FOREIGN PORTS.
Sailed May 2— Br stmr Strathgyle. for China.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 2— Stmr Santa
Monica, from Santa Barbara; stmr Phoenix,
from Mendoclno; stmr Despatch, from Re
dontlo; stmr .Brunswick, from Eureka.
Sailed May 2 — Schr Stimson; for Ballard;
stmr Santa Monica.' for San. Francisco. ,
SAN DIEGO^-Arrived May ,2 — Schr Emma
Utter, from Coos Bay. - ¦
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 2— Stmr
Phoenix, for San Francisco. : ¦ -
EUREKA— Sailed May 2— Stmrs Ruth and
Alliance, for . San Francisco; ¦ stmr Pasadena,
for San -Pedro.' : - ¦ ¦= -.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed May. 2— Schr H
D Bendlxen. for San Francisco. ¦ ¦ 5 . .
PORTLAND. Or^ — Sailed May "2 — Stmr Geo
W Elder, for San Francisco; bark Vendee, for
Queenstown. ¦ ¦ .- •¦';. . .
' Arrived May 2 — Bark Nomla, from Hong
kong. " .'.¦..-
TACOMA— Arrived May 2— Br - stmr Sel
kirk, from Ladysmlth; Br stmr Braemar, from
Seattle. _____
NEAH BAY — Passed In. May 2 — Nor stmr
Titanla, hence April 28. for Nanalmo; etmr
Olympia, from Hongkong; schr Alvena, from
San Pedro, for Tacoma. '
ASTORIA—^Arrived May 1 — Br Btmr Queen
Mary, from Vancouver. ¦ : . •
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward May 2
— Schr Ruth E Godfrey, from San Pedro, for
Ballard; schr Alice, hence April 16, for, Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mny 2— Stmr Na
tional City, for - San Francisco. ' . . ,
BANDON — Arrived May 1 — Schr Gem^ hence
April 24: Bchr Mayflower, hence April 20; schr
Corinthian, hence April 25; schr Parkersburg,
hence April 16; schr Albion, hence April -'0.
Arrived May 2 — Schr Confianza, hence April
21 ; schr Berwick, from Rogue River. ' . .
Sailed May - 2 — Stmr Mandalay. for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 1— Schr Western
Home, hence April 22: ' '• ¦:
Arrived May .2 — Schr Novelty, hence 'April
20.
Sailed May 2— Schr John F. Miller, for San
Francisco.' •»
UN ALASKA— In. port April 13— Whal stmr
Karluk, hence March 12. . . • ¦ . .- .
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 1— Stmr
Santa Barbara, from Port Gamble.
OLYMPIA— Sailed, May 2— Bark Vidette, for
San Pedro. ' . ..-¦¦¦ ¦ -¦ ~. ,-. .-
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 1— Schr De
fender, for Apia..' ..¦ '. -
Arrived May 1 — Schr Halcyon, hence I April
21. ' - •¦ . : - .,"...
HUENEME— Arrived May 2— Schr Jas • A
Garfleld. from Blakeley. . . .
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 2— Bktn Omega,
for Sydney. * " ' , -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 2— Stmr Humboldt,
from Skarway. .• . *
Arrived May 1 — Stmr Dispatch, from Una
lasha. . • - -.
POINT LOBOS, May 2, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 12 miles per hour. ¦¦¦
TELEGRAPHIC.
...- Friday, May 2. ;
Stmr Mineola, , Kirkwood, for Sari ¦ Jose de
Guatemala, via Tacoma and Seattle. • -
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, for San Pedro.-
Stmr. John S Kimball, Jhwlng, for Seattle.
Stmr Chehalis, Thompson, for Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, for Eureka. • ¦¦ •
Etmr. Gipsy. Leland, for Santa Cruz.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, ¦ for Coos Bay.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, for Portland. •
Stmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, for San Pedro.
Simr Alcazar,' Martin, for Greenwood. '.
Stmr Argo. Dunham, for ' Port Kenyon.'-
Br ship Fred E Scammell. . Compllng, for
London. • . - ' •
Schr Mary Dodge,' Olson, for Eureka.
Schr Chas. R Wilson, Johnson, for Astoria.
Barge Santa Paula, fpr -Ventura.
SAILED.
Stmr North Fork. . Nelson, ' for Eureka; The
Charles ' Nelson Company.
Bark Olympic, Evans, for Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co. - ; -. • ¦
Br bark Invereek, ¦ King, for Queenstown;
Glrvin & Eyre.
Bktn W H Dimond, Haneon. for Honolulu;
J D Spreckels & Bros. Company.'. ' V'.--
I Schr Lillebonne. Jensen, for Bristol Bay; P
M Nelson. ... . • .
Schr Eva, BJornstrom. for-Brifitol Bay; La
goon Packing Company. -
Sun, Moon and: Tide;
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
• Times- and Heights of v High and Low
Waters at 'Fort Point. : entrance to San
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦ /
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than. at Fort Point;
the' height " of, tide Is . the same at both places.
NEW YORK — Arrived May 2— Stmr Bul
garia, from Hamburz;.. stmr Peruvia, from
Naples; stmr Lucanla, from. Liverpool and
Queenstown: strnr Phoenicia, from Genoa and
Naples; stmr Philadelphia, from Southampton
and Cherbourg; stmr Canadian, from Liver
pool, r ' .--•¦
BOSTON— Arrived May • 2— Stmr New Eng
land, from Liverpool; stmr Ultonia, from Liv
erpool. '. ---¦•. • • • -7 ...'.-¦ , ¦ . I
¦ MOVILLE — Sailed . May 2— Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow, for New Yprk; stmr Pretorlan,
from Liverpool, for Montreal. •
LONDON — Sailed May ; 2— Stmr Mesaba. t pr
New ; York.''- "V .r-- ->;¦'*¦.¦.*....¦¦> .: - ' ¦
; LIZARD— Passed May 2— Stmr- Kensington,
from New- York, for. Antwerp. ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ -
BROWHEAD — Passed May -2— Stmr Cam
pania, from- New; York, for, Queenstown and
Liverpool.. : '• V ¦ : •¦ .
OCEAN STEAMERS,
VANCOUVER— Sailed May 1— Br stmr Yang
Tsze, for Seattle; Nor ship Pronce Louis, for
Cardiff. ' --¦¦¦. .
.Sailed May 2— Br stmr Moana, for Sydney.
MOKORAN— Sailed April 30— Br stmr Cym
bellne. for San FranciBco. „,
LIMERICK— Arrived May 1— Ger ship Slam,
hence Dec 24. . ¦'¦.'.' _
LONDON — Arrived May 2— Fr bark Due
d'Aunjale, hence Nov 20. - '¦
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed May 2— Br ship
Dimsdale. for Oregon. ,- »" i '
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to May 2— Br stmr
Aorangl, from Vancouver.
MADEIRA— Arrived prior to May 2 — Br
stmr Pembrokeshire, from ' Astoria.
MONTE VIDIO— Sailed , April 2ft— Ger stmr
Nicaria, for . Hamburg. ' . i
VICTORIA— Arrived May 2— Stmr Olympia.
from Hongkong; stmr Pleiades, hence April 28.
MANILA— Arrived April - 17— Br «hiD ¦ Al
bania, from . Newcastle, Ana.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Arril SOr-Ital bark
Carlo P, from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 1— Ft bark
Grande Duchesse Olga, for Hull.
Arrived May 2— G«r ship Elfreida, hence Jan
4: Br ship Oweene, from Tacoma, and proceed
ed to Hamburg.- .
ANTWERP— In portj April IS— Br ship Mus-
GRIMSBT— In port April IS— Br ship Falls
of Halladale. . ;'.
¦ Divorces were granted yesterday to J.
B. Lafabregue from Maria J^afabregue
for desertion and An tone Fero from Maria
Kero for infidelity. » ¦
Maggie A. Gardiner, who .was married
to Charles H. Gardiner in July, 1S92, filed
a suit for divorce yesterday, alleging in
temperance and failure to provide.
Arthur S. Ensign, a solicitor, is bein^
sued for divorce by Elizabeth E. Ensign
for desertion. They were married in Oc
tober, 1896, the desertion, . it. is alleged,
occurring four years later.
M. Safere is suing Maria Safere for
divorce on the ground of infidelity. He
names Ivan Zarembo as co-respondent.
The Saferes were married in Russia in
1885. ¦ . ,- . ,' i : . ;.-•:¦ ;¦ ¦¦' '.-•.,'
Hazel C. Hansen is suing Theodore S.
Hansen, a stationary engineer, for divorce
on the ground of failure to provide. She
also asks for the custody of their son,
aged two and- a half years, who, she
claims, is now in the custody of her hus
band's mother. The Hansons were mar
ried in March, 1S99.
Judge Graham issued an order yester
day directing Court Commissioner Thom
as' Mulvey to take the evidence of Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred Ellinghouse. who are
plaintiff and defendant in a suit for an
nulment' of marriage. . ' Mrs. • Kllinghouse
seeks an annulment of . her -marriage -to
Ellinghouse. who . Is the" well known the
atrical manager, on the ground that when
it was contracted at Portland, Or., in
January last she had not been divorced
from her first husband, Sieb % ein, for the
six months the. Oregon laws provide is
necessary before a second .marriage can
be contracted. '• ; - ¦
Judge Hunt ordered the casccontinuod
until Tuesday at- noon,- when., the. books
of the. coal, firm which .employs -young
Rosenfeld will be produced. . — : •
MTJLVEY TO TAKE TESTIMONY.
Louis Rosenfeld. a brother, of the plain
tiff, in an affidavit corroborated the tes
timony of the latter. He said his brother
only got $100 a month, with little prospect
of a raise. .. ¦ '¦ ' , . , - »-v~
"Before I was married I was given
about $800 a year in addition .to my sal
ary. I am very willing to provide for my
children, but not for my wife's extrav
agance. I had between $4000 and $5000 in
the bank when I was married, but it is
all gone, because of her extravagance. • I
was not the only one who got presents of
cash. My wife frequently - received as
high as $600 a year from her relatives."
Max Rosenfeld said in his testimony
that his wife was very extravagant. He
said his salary was only $100 a month,
"but."' he said, "I receive presents from
the firm t amounting to $1100 or $1200 a
year.
MORE MONEY AFTER MARRIAGE
Max gets $250 a month/ but. his father's
books show that he only gets $100. He re
ceives . the rest in "presents" from the
firm, f? n • <
WIFE TELLS OF INCOME.
_The inquiry into the financial affairs of
j X , Rosen feld led to some very, 1 queer
admissions on the part of the young
couple. Mrs. Rosenfeld, who was first
placed on the witness stand, said her hus
band got at, least $250 a- month for his
services, to the John Rosenfeld & Son'*
Co., but that according to tlie books of
the concern he only got $100.
,- He as P aid this way," said the young
w . fe ilx <ln order tnat the' other clerks
m i? nt not be impelled to ask for a raise."
r -Mrs. Rosenfeld then went . on to tell
how she borrowed clothes in which > to
appear in court in a manner befitting a
wife in her position, "who," she said,
should be modestly attired."- I went to
the Emporium a few days ago," she said,
'to order some goods and found that since
the commencement of the suit for divorce
my husband had stopped my credit. I
own the furniture at 2418 Washington
street. That is all I have. I paid a nurse
$20 a month, and a cook $25. I am now
doing my own cooking, and for the first
time, too."
According to Mrs. Rosenf eld's testi
mony their home at 2118 Washington
street has not been a particularly happv
one, and a great deal of the trouble seems
to have arisen over the question of
finances. Young Rosenf eld says- his wife
is extravagant; Mrs. Rosenfeld says she
is not. Mrs. Rosenfeld says she pays $25
a month to a cook, $20 a month to a nurse
and $47 a month house rent. Her husband
says he only gets $100 a month.
"I, borrowed the suit and hat I ...now
have on from afriend in order to appear.
In court in a -manner . befitting: a. wife in
difficulties with- her husband. I have
plenty of gay clothes,' but I do not think
I should wear them on an ' occasion like
this.": / : V •.,'.; ¦ - - .
Mrs. Max L. Bosenfeld, who is being
sued for divorce, made the statement aa
quoted during the hearing of the case in
Judge Hunt's '.court yesterday. Her hus
band is the youngest sbn of John Rosen
feld, the well knovm merchant. Mrs. Ro
senfeld appeared j hi; court to support her
claim for $150 a riionth alimony pending
*}£,-} t 1 °£ th f dlv °rce proceedings. Her
voting husband was in court also, smiling
and grinning occasionally, seemingly, tak
ing great delight in the testimony of his,
Son of Wealthy Coal Dealer
Objects to Payment of
Alimcny.
Mrs. Rosanfeld Say3 Her
Own Clothes Are
. Too Gay.
WEARS FRIEND'S
GOWN TO COURT
HONOLULU IS TO BE SUPPLIED WITH FUEL
OIL TO BE CARRIED THERE BY TANK VESSELS
. THE SAN FRANCISGJO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 3, 1902.
10
Steamer.
From.
I
. Due.
Empire Coos Bay May 3
Victoria Comox May 0
C. Nelson Seattle &. Tacoraa May 3
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 3
Mackinaw... Tacoma ..May 3
Coos Bay San -Pedro & Way Ports. May 3
NekG Seattle IMay 3
Phoenix San Pedro ..|May 4
Mandalay Coqullle River May 4
SanMateo... Nanaimo May 4
Edith Seattle May 6
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 8
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria..... May 5
Coronado San Pedro May 5
Lt-fclanaw New York via Panama. May 5
Pomona Humboldt May 6
Crcsctnt City Crescent City May 5
Despatch San Pedro May 5
S.Monica Santa Barbara. ...... ..May S
R. Dollar j Redondo IMay 5
Corona ; Southern Coast ..'.|May S
Arcata ;Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|May . 6
S. Barbara. . . i Seattle IMay 6
Alameda Honolulu IMay 6
E'Jieka Humboldt May 7
Rival Willapa Harbor May 7
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....May 7
FontaCroz.. Newport & Way Ports. May 7
Point Arena., point Arena May S
Banta Rosa. • San Diego & Way Ports May S
Algca Manila via Mojl May 8
Hyades Honolulu May 8
Newport i Panama & Way Ports.. ;May ft
Newburg 'Grays Harbor (May 9
North Fork.. | Humboldt iMay 9
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports'Mrty 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria IMay 10
P«ni China & Japan |May 10
Lakme Portland & Astoria .... May 10
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. ..|May 12
Queen ... Puget Sound Ports..... |May 12
Steamer.- Destination. Sails. Pier..
May 3. . ~~
=sn Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt .' 9 am Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria' & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
Rainier.... Seattle & Fatrhaven 5 pm Pier 2
May 4.
5anta Ana. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 amjPier 2
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 11 amjPier 3«
Eureka.... Hnmboldt 9 am|Pier 13
5. Rcra San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pier 11
Phoenix Mendoclno City ... 3 pm'Pler Vi
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 amlPier 7
May 5. |
rair.pleo... Honolulu v. Seattle 5 pm Pier 17
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Dt-frateh.. Puget Sound Ports. 5 pm Pier 16
-.Monica.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Soronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May C.
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Lxnatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
May 7. I
R'estport.. Bear Harbor I 5 pm Pier 2
Btwle K. . . Golofnin Bay-Tellerl. pier 16
Pomona Humboldt .'. .11 :30 pIPier 9
*rcata Com Bay & Pt. Orfd|12 m|P|pr 13
Seattle & Tacoma.. | Pier 2
Curacao... Mexican Ports ilO amlPier It
SJandalay. . Coquille River 110 amlPier 2
May 8. i
State Cal.. San Diego & Way..) 9 am Pier 11
3. Elder... Astoria & Portland.lU am Pier 2t
San Jose... Panama & Way... 112 • m PMSS
Jlay O.
S*lp. Mam. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Veko Hamburg & Way Pier
RJval...... Willapa Harbor .„. 4 pm Pier 2
May 1O.
Sonita Newport & Way Pts fl am Pier 11
Vlameda... Honolulu 2 pmjPier 7
L*c!anaw.. N. T. via Panama 2 pmiPier 16
May 11. .|
nty Puebla Pugret Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
Mny 12. .
'Cewburg. .. Grays Harbor 4 pmjpier 2
Steamer,
For. 3
1 Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. IMay 4
City Topeka.. Kka^way & Way •Ports. |May R
Chlco Sunrise & "Hope" City.JMay fl
Farallon SkzRtvay & Way Ports. |May C
Dolphin... -.. Skagway & Way Ports. | May »
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtsJMay 10
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. May 12/
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Porte.jMay 15
Santa Ana... -Cooks Inlet & AVay Pta.jMay 15
p Ft.
» L ? W -
2. 0:57 2.6
3 1:« I 2.0
.4 2:35 1.4
5 3:18 0.8
6 4:00 0.1
7 4:48—0.4
1R 5:36^0.71
9 6:25—0.8
H:W :. ¦• |
10 0:20 6.7
lime ¦ ¦ • lime lime
Ft. Ft.
H W L Vfi . H W
6:37 - 3.9 12:55 1.5 7:43
.7:48 . 4.1 1:42 - 1.6 8:24
8:56 4.4 2:28 1.8 8:58
9:58 4.6 3:13 1.0 9:30
10:54 4.7 3:5S 2.110:10
11:49 4.8 4:42 2.4 10:50
12:44 4.8 5:28 2.6 11:39
I 1:38 .4.8 6:171 2.8 .
L. TV H Wl , L. W
,7:18 —0.8 2:3* -4.8| 7:12
Ft.
5.0
5.1
5.3
5.5
5.7
5.8
5.8
!
' 2.9
Steamer.
From.
I
. Due.
Empire Coos Bay May 3
Victoria Comox May 0
C. Nelson Seattle &. Tacoraa May 3
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 3
Mackinaw... Tacoma ..May 3
Coos Bay San -Pedro & Way Ports. May 3
NekG Seattle IMay 3
Phoenix San Pedro ..|May 4
Mandalay Coqullle River May 4
SanMateo... Nanaimo May 4
Edith Seattle May 6
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 8
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria..... May 5
Coronado San Pedro May 5
Lt-fclanaw New York via Panama. May 5
Pomona Humboldt May 6
Crcsctnt City Crescent City May 5
Despatch San Pedro May 5
S.Monica Santa Barbara. ...... ..May S
R. Dollar j Redondo IMay 5
Corona ; Southern Coast ..'.|May S
Arcata ;Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|May . 6
S. Barbara. . . i Seattle IMay 6
Alameda Honolulu IMay 6
E'Jieka Humboldt May 7
Rival Willapa Harbor May 7
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....May 7
FontaCroz.. Newport & Way Ports. May 7
Point Arena., point Arena May S
Banta Rosa. • San Diego & Way Ports May S
Algca Manila via Mojl May 8
Hyades Honolulu May 8
Newport i Panama & Way Ports.. ;May ft
Newburg 'Grays Harbor (May 9
North Fork.. | Humboldt iMay 9
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports'Mrty 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria IMay 10
P«ni China & Japan |May 10
Lakme Portland & Astoria .... May 10
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. ..|May 12
Queen ... Puget Sound Ports..... |May 12
p Ft.
» L ? W -
2. 0:57 2.6
3 1:« I 2.0
.4 2:35 1.4
5 3:18 0.8
6 4:00 0.1
7 4:48—0.4
1R 5:36^0.71
9 6:25—0.8
H:W :. ¦• |
10 0:20 6.7
lime ¦ ¦ • lime lime
Ft. Ft.
H W L Vfi . H W
6:37 - 3.9 12:55 1.5 7:43
.7:48 . 4.1 1:42 - 1.6 8:24
8:56 4.4 2:28 1.8 8:58
9:58 4.6 3:13 1.0 9:30
10:54 4.7 3:5S 2.110:10
11:49 4.8 4:42 2.4 10:50
12:44 4.8 5:28 2.6 11:39
I 1:38 .4.8 6:171 2.8 .
L. TV H Wl , L. W
,7:18 —0.8 2:3* -4.8| 7:12
Ft.
5.0
5.1
5.3
5.5
5.7
5.8
5.8
!
' 2.9
Steamer.- Destination. Sails. Pier..
May 3. . ~~
=sn Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt .' 9 am Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria' & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
Rainier.... Seattle & Fatrhaven 5 pm Pier 2
May 4.
5anta Ana. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 amjPier 2
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 11 amjPier 3«
Eureka.... Hnmboldt 9 am|Pier 13
5. Rcra San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pier 11
Phoenix Mendoclno City ... 3 pm'Pler Vi
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 amlPier 7
May 5. |
rair.pleo... Honolulu v. Seattle 5 pm Pier 17
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Dt-frateh.. Puget Sound Ports. 5 pm Pier 16
-.Monica.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Soronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May C.
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Lxnatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
May 7. I
R'estport.. Bear Harbor I 5 pm Pier 2
Btwle K. . . Golofnin Bay-Tellerl. pier 16
Pomona Humboldt .'. .11 :30 pIPier 9
*rcata Com Bay & Pt. Orfd|12 m|P|pr 13
Seattle & Tacoma.. | Pier 2
Curacao... Mexican Ports ilO amlPier It
SJandalay. . Coquille River 110 amlPier 2
May 8. i
State Cal.. San Diego & Way..) 9 am Pier 11
3. Elder... Astoria & Portland.lU am Pier 2t
San Jose... Panama & Way... 112 • m PMSS
Jlay O.
S*lp. Mam. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Veko Hamburg & Way Pier
RJval...... Willapa Harbor .„. 4 pm Pier 2
May 1O.
Sonita Newport & Way Pts fl am Pier 11
Vlameda... Honolulu 2 pmjPier 7
L*c!anaw.. N. T. via Panama 2 pmiPier 16
May 11. .|
nty Puebla Pugret Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
Mny 12. .
'Cewburg. .. Grays Harbor 4 pmjpier 2
Steamer,
For. 3
1 Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. IMay 4
City Topeka.. Kka^way & Way •Ports. |May R
Chlco Sunrise & "Hope" City.JMay fl
Farallon SkzRtvay & Way Ports. |May C
Dolphin... -.. Skagway & Way Ports. | May »
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtsJMay 10
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. May 12/
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Porte.jMay 15
Santa Ana... -Cooks Inlet & AVay Pta.jMay 15
TIbsoSiite security.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&^?^**6
¦ - • "' - _^___^___._._._i_i__sj>_s__M|_Wsl-sWsBsls-s>»WMs»s-PW
Tery sicall aad as easy
to take as sugar.
l^APTrb > cl F0BHEAPACHE ' SEE
btL CARTERu FOR DIZZINESS.
lillTTLE FOR BIUOUSMESS. rrMfllMl?
GENUINE V VER F0R T0RPID UVER ' GENUINE
m LXf^ for comstipatiok.
WDADDCD H JjEfi FOR SAUOW SKIK. WRAPPER
WRAPPER Jf^ijFORTHECOMPLEXlOH nArrcn
"PRINTED ~~C>3X REP PAPER.'
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains CISCO^"^ '*
/vf»ln Line, foot or Market Street.)
Im-TK — FKOM Apbii. 20. 1902. — iMITl
""7.00- Benida, Sulsan, Elmlra and Sacra- _
mento •• 2-f?'
7.00a V«c»TlIle, ¦Winteri. Kumsey....... 7.55»
7S0A Mertlnez, San B«mon, V*UeJo,
Napa, CslUtoza, Santa Ross 6-25F
100- Davls,"Woodlsnd, Knights La-din*.
Jiarysvllle, Ororllle 7.55*
8 00a Atlantic Eipres*— O&den and East. |-2|A
0.00a Nfles,Lathrop, Stockton. .......... 7.25r
tioOA Xiles. Mendota, Hanford. VlsaUa.
Portervllle "• 4.86»
8.30a Shasta Express— Davis, WilUani*
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Eed Bluff, Portland 7-5W
830a San Jose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrllle,
Marysvllle, Chlco, Red Bluff 4-2Sr
8J0a Oa_dale,Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolnmne 4.25*
8.00a Vallejo- _••• • 12.25*
8.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy, _»throp,Stockton.Merced.
Raymond,FresnoandLosAniceles 8-25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55*
t1OO0A Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. t12.55*
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago 5-?.5p
ti -00* Sacramento River Steamers.. T 1 1 -Oar
S.DOp Benida, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvllle. Orovllle 10.55a
3.30* Hayward. Klles and Way Stations.. 755*
4.00* MartInez,San Ramon. ValleJo.Hapa,
Callstogs, Santa Rosa 925-
4.00* Nlles, LiTermore, Stockton, Lodi.. 12.25*
4.30* Hayward,Nlles.SanJose.Ltvermoro t855A
4.30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare,
Bakersfleld, Saagus for SanU
Barbara, Los Angeles .S'SS*
6.00* PortCoBta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
6.00* Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno... 12-25*
t5.30r Klles Local Z2§ x
6.00* Hayward, Xlles and San Jose, 7-5§a
tB.OOr Vallejo 11-25-
6.00* Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Lonls, Chicago 4.25*
7.00* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martines
and Way Station* 11.254
J7.00* Vallejo 7-65*
8G5r Oregon ft California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Redding.
Portland. Puatet Sound and East. 8.55a
t».1O* Hayward and X lies t11.55A
COAST LINE (»arr»w Saage).
• (Foot of Market Street.) m
HAS*. Santa Crnz Excursion J3.05*
8.15a Newark. Centerville, San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 55u*
t_.15* Newark, Centerville, San Jose,
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek, Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Stations „ 10-50-4
4.15* Newark, San Jose, Les Gatos t850*.
64.1 5r San Jose. Los Gatot. Santa Cruz... c8-50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip t>
— tt:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 5.15 r.x.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:0O JS:CO
t8:O5 10:00a.m. 1200 2 00 4.00 *.M.
COAST LI N E (Broad flange).
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a ban Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
17.00a San Jose and Way Stations........ +8.00*.
7.00a New Almaden..... /4.10*
17.15a Monterey Excursion 18.30*
8.00a Coa*t Line Limited — San Jose,
.- ._ . Gilroy. Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,
. •, Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and '
' - Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
8.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas. San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations ....; 4.10*
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations... 8-3Sa
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.48a
«1.30r San Jose and Way Stations a7-00*
t2.45* San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park.
- Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Del Monte, Monterey and Paclae
Grove tlO 43*
3.30* San Jose. Del Monte. Pacific Grove,
Santa Crux and Way Stations.... 7.30*
t4.15r San Jose and PrlncipalWay Stations 6.30*
tS.OO* San Joee. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations.. tS-OOA
5.30* San Jose and PrtndpalWsv Stations 6-30*
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7.00* New Orleans Express — San Luis.
ObUpo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlng, El Paso, New
Orleans and East ."... 10-304
sr11.45r San Jo»e and Way Stations
"~ A for Mornlnsr. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday exeepted. ¦ t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. c Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
tta—lmv nnlr.
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AN* N03R PACIFY
RAILWAY COMPAXY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, U:00 a. m.; 12:33.
2:30. 5:10, ti:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. ra. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 d. r i.
SUNDAYS— 8 :W>. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
8:C0. 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 45:10. 7:50. »:2O. 11:10 a. nx:
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — E_tr4
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. ,.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive-
San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 190l| San Francisco.
"Week I ' Sun- I I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. | Destination I days. I Days.
7:30am S :00am Ncvato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Fetaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
t Fulton.
7:30am . Windsor. 10:23am
6:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyaerville. * .'¦
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm «:2Opca
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:2Sam
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 8:20pm
,7:30am ~ 10:40amll0:25a_»
* 8:00am Gueenevllle. 7:35pm!
3:30pm 5:00pm ¦ ¦ \ g:20pm
7:30am S :00am Sonoma 9:15am S :40am
and
E :10pm 5:00pm Olen Ellen. 6:03pm g :20pm
~7:30am| 8:00am| . J10:40amjl0:25am,
3:30pm[ 5:00pmf Sebaatopol. | 7:55pm[ 6:20pm
Stages connect aC Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at CloverdaU
lor the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper ' Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. 1 Riverside, Lierley*s.' Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heighis. Hullvtlle. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal
Wllllts, Laytonville, Cummins, Bell's Springs!
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and, Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates).
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael 'at half rates.
• Tlcket.off.ee, 650 Market street. Chronicla
bunding. " "¦¦.¦-.
H. C. WHITLVG. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive; .
San Fran.: Foot of Market St. San Fran.
— — i —-L nl;ht it th» «T»-— ra »f Tamil-
5:15p. 10:00a. •ri J ¦ a^JOp. o:oor.
11-30 a " It " w - kB *J»<>»'j- 4-50 i»
I! iiso v. "T» nn of THUpur l^ *. ;;;"j™.
2:30 p. . Op«» «"«*« jtinami.; ft;\5 p. ....._
S1TUSQATS SILT— L-n T«— ra P-.3O 7. ant— Sn rmdM \\-M r. ¦
TkV«t OffiCM. 6C1 MARKET STREET aad 8ACSJUJTO TUXT-
aDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARMT ST. KstabllshMl
lu 1834 for the treatment nf rrfvat*
IM.sea.ses. l.<»*t idanbood. CeMlltyor
rli.«»>a»i» iveariiijron body and mind and
Skin Dtseitses. The Doctor cure* wtien
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<'nrr«|raarant«(d. C;illor wrlia.
»r. a. r. UIBBU.\, sau Francisco, CaL
TWENTIETH CEHtURY COOK BOOKS
A car-load . of .' Cook Books
¦ jnst arrived from Chicago and '
; are ready for distribution at ¦';
v the- . bnslncis , office; of : till* •'
paper. . All Cnll tubscrlbem |j
; are entitled to a copy of. tills T
grreat Cook Hook at the prcni-
lnm price of fifty cents../ '
An additional 'charge of .'20: ;
cents to i pay ;expressaae --rill , •:
* be required ¦ from ont of to— rn ---
¦ Mnbscrlbers ordering: by mail. ..
ADVEBTISEMENT3. J
WHERE TWO'S
COMPANY
You want your linen immaculate; henca
you want It sent home from the United
States Laundry if you would have an ab-
solute guarantee of perfection in finish
and cleanliness. '
No saw edges! * " *
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street. *
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off ice— 54- San Pablo Ave,
GORORKHCGA AND TIRINAET DI8CHAKGS3
_P_f __?rff^_l \ V £§* r^_r 4 ir^r i S?rV
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
i •• •¦¦• ,.„¦-.. ..••;;-¦..-'.- --::.•.¦:.¦-.,.. .
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
fMUSEUM-OF ANATOMY^
A 1051 J!A_SXTJT.l«t.6iaWi > 3.r.C»l. k
\ jEg The Lareest Acatomical Museum in the \
m Mi-jnTTi w <»ld. Weakne«ses or iny contracted i\
" VSS * iel->e P«»'««»«">7 cored by the oldest Y
¦ © f8gj3 1 bpecialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. Q
A 4_S?| DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN d
\ f($S£Sjba Consultation free and strirlW priTate. \
fl I j5«L H Treatment personally or by '.etter. A g
T 8 » «B J»ositto« Cure in erery case undertaken.- \
_ r ! II ft w " te for B 00 '^ raiLotupav «r A
<f ' H ¦ I] 1 ! -MRIACE, MAILED FREE. (Af
A fl or ¦ valuable book for mrn ) \
V DB. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
BAIL WAY THAVEL^
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiy
Leave Marktt-street Ffrry Depot
. . ¦ • i Local I Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8-00 p 4:20 j»
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p,
¦" Merced.. 12:25 p -1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
*' Fresno.:. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
'¦¦'.¦" .Vlsalla.. 3:39 p|. ..'..:. 5:00a
•'. EakersHd 6:15p 5:20p 7:45a.......
- "'Kan. City ....;.. 2:40a 7:30a..
¦¦•". Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p
¦ a for. morning. • p for afternoon.
' 9:00 a. m. trafn Is "the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace. Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Baker sfield for accommodation o(
local flrst-clasa '¦ passengers. No second*
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor.
'responding. train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, 3£erced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p rn. daily. —
8 "P- ¦ n>. la the. Overland Express.- with
I through Palace . and Tourist ; Sleepers and '
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
- Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m.
dally.
'' 1 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at : all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
I Offices — 641 Market '¦ street and . in Ferry
Depot. ¦ San Francisco; 1113 Broadway,
Oakland.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
• - 'Via. Snn»alito ¦ Ferr y,
S . Commencing ' April - 27. 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. - AND SAN KAFAEL
. -WEEK DATS— 6:45, *7:45, 8:45, 9:30. 11:00
a. m.,' 12:20. '1:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. »6:15
B:45 " 9:45, 11:-13 P. m. 7:45 a.- m. docs not
run 'to Mill -Valley.
SUNDAYS^-7:00, 8:00. »9:00, *10:00. ' 11:00
11:30 a-m.; 12:3O,«l:30, 2:30, •3:45,5:00, «00
7:30. 9:45. 11:45 D. m. , ,.
.¦- Trains -marked- (•) • run to San Quentln. v
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
...WEEK: OATS— 3:20. «B:20. 7:40. 8:15. •ajju"
;i 11:00 a.:m., 12:25. 2:15. »3:30. 4:40. 6:30, 6:«
lo:15 D.' m. ¦ - ¦ . *
-SUNDAYS— 6:00, »S:00, 9:30. *11 :00 a. m
•1^:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15, •3:30..4:15. »5:45. 6-45
7:30, : 10:15 p. m.- -) • ,
Trains marked <*) start from San Qu«nttn .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:43. 8:25 9- 43
11:10 a.- m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 6:10. 5.-2ci 7-10'
10:15 d. m. . , "• '•*"•
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55 , 10:05. 11:10 " a. m
12:15, 1:20, 2:30, 3:45,. 5:0O.; e:03. 7:15, 10:40
P- m " THROUGH 'TRAINS. ¦' \ '
7:45 a. m. week. days — Cazadero and way
stations. ' " ¦ ¦ : ¦¦¦ .' •¦ - :-' -• '
. 3:15 p.* m.- Saturdays— Cazadero *and way
stations, v ¦ ¦"¦¦ ¦ • . ' - -. ; . " ¥ ¦• *
.:¦ b :15 : p. ' m. . week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales'. and way ,-statlons. ¦—- •
; ; 8:00 r a. ¦«!.., Sundays— Cazadero . and way
, stations..', .'¦' " , - ¦. - :";•..- -..•¦ . . ,
' - 10 : 00' a. . m. •, Sunday s-^-Polnt Reyes : and • way
' stations.-*-.:.- . . ;¦-.- .\,.^ ,. _ ¦ ¦ .. : . ¦....-, ¦ *
¦ v Legal .Holiday .boats, and 'trains will" run ; on
., Sunday time. :;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I QK 1
@ No let dovn in the uniform 0
(5 standard of highest quality of ©
I H Hunter |
H U-tfiH Baltimore '§
(%\ ti* isl _L__JP 7 ____¦: ><
i__r^ t ™ __Fi Ji»t *T *_w i~"i >**
-S-s&kjJ&hIjI 4*_1 or s pky s * c -' y
« CTOISTT*-TCEC»_3_SSIOS CO..lne_ X
(•) *2S&SS&C_UfomiaSt-.SfcnFr«iM_«oo.C_J_ «
W Telephone JUin K3l^ @ j
_j» CHICHESTER'S CNGLI8H
Pennyroyal pills
& »_/V-V yriglol M4 Only CrouirMw
>i> £+ivL *" CHI€ HESTER'S KSGWLSH
£"S>»iK^ 'a 11E» «a4 Gold m^-Uio bcr«. ml*
J& _^*« ribbon. Tnkel. other. Refu.o
4M Wft *<2 Dnctrtu Och«tttBt!o». and 1 ralta.
If" {K tivn*. Boy »f y««r Dmrrl»t. or »o4 A*, la
I *— ' mg *t«BM for Partienlara, T««lliaanUU
— X If tarn Mall. J «.O«O 1«t)_oni»l-.. Sollbf
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
fcS A GREAT KESTORATIVE. IN'VIGORA-
• lor and Xervine. -
Tlif most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organ*, for both sexes."
The Mexican Remedy lor Diseases of the Kld-
jicj-e and Bladder. Seila on its own. merits. .
SABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
CZJ Slarket £t.. S. F. — (Send lor Circulars.)New York. Cotton. Market.
NEW- YORK. May; 2.— Cotton opened barely
NEW YORK, p May 3 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11.126 barrels; exports, 18,280 , barrels; > quiet.
\ WHEAT— Receipts, 244,725 bushels;; exports,
32,158. : Spot,, easy ; No. : 2 j red, nominal elfva
tor; No. 2 red, nominal f. o. b.: afloat; No. 1
Northern" Duluth,. S4%cf.o. b. ofloat;'Na"l
hard Manitoba, 88%c f. o.-.b.'. afloat., ;. ' •> • .
.* -A brief decline In wheat at the start quickly
gave way,. to strength and, advanced on bullish
crop news. 'At noon the market was ¦ unsettled;
followed by f a rapid advance to the high point
. . , . . . . ¦ ¦ -. ¦ ..-¦.-.¦,,...
(120th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
perature* were re;»orte<i in California, to-day:
Eureka. K4; Fresno. 70; Los Angeles. 68;
Red Bluff. «S; San Luis Obispo. O6; San Diego
fiO; Sacramento, C4; Independence. 72- Yuma
8(J.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO: minimum. 47; mean, 54.
Weather Report,
NEW YORK. May 2.— The home and foreign
market for tin was without important change.
London cicsed with snot at £130 12s Cd and
futures at £126 17s 6d. At New York th«»
spot price was 28.30@28.60c.-
Cooper was active at New. York and steady
at about yesterday's, closing prices. - The sales
Included '100 ¦ tons standard for July delivery
at 11.15@11.17%c. .
Fifty tons September and fifty tons October
were sold at 11.15c. and 200,000 Dounds elec
trolytic for June-S«r>tember delivery at 11.65c
At London the copper market was • 2s Cd
hUher. with spot and futures at £52 15s. -.
Lead was steady and unchanged here at 4%c
and at London was unchanged at £11 13s 9d.
• Spelter was firm at $4 42 here- and London
was 2s 6d better at £18 5s.
Iron, was Htealy to firm, but unchanged.- Pig
Iron warrants nominal: No. 1 foundry North
ern, $19620; No. 2 foundry Northern. $18@19-
No. 2 foundry Southern. ¦ $17 50@l8; No 1
foundry Southern soft. , $18 50019. '' . ' •
g The English markets were firm, . with- Glas
gow at 53s 7d and Mlddlesboro At 48s 4%d."
New York Metal Market.
- , Exchange and Bullion. ;
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...;. — $4 SOU
Sterling Cables, sight.. ........ — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — ' -4 89%
NeW York 'Exchange, i sight.... — ' "15
New York Exchange, telegraphic "J — ' jj 17%
Silver, per ounce..*... :.'.'. .:..;.' — ' 50%'
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....:¦—-• 45 %
Wheat; and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool -futures were higher.
Paris futures were unchanged.
Chicago \ advanced from 76%c to 77%c, fall
ing, back to' 76%C ; The demand was moderate
and offerings /were light. , The market took
a lot I of selling and still * remained . firm. St.
Louis and-the -Southwest bought {freely. '.; A
new feature was > the • taking of .. a cargo by
•France, which, . coming at this time "of . the
year, tended to confirm , the reported smallness
of^Co'ntinental ; stocks. ... Bradstreet' s gave the
exports of wheat and : flour for the 1 week at
S.SOS.OOO bushels..'" Stocks at .Minneapolis 'de
creased 1 850.000 bushels during : the i week. , - .'
, The weather 'and- crop reports continued In
teresting. " There were heavy rains in the Lake
- region and i Northwest, • but I the . weather in the
Southwest was warm . and dry. , ; The, Missouri
report, [ expected ' In a couple of days, • was ex
pected to be very, bearish.'" Reports from Kan
sas continued .very bad. - d Forty of the ¦ largest
.wheat counties report no rain and no signs of
any. V with a hard wind over 'Central
Kansas.'. . Of • h three - counties which produced
7,000,000 bushels 'last year two wlll^notget
Condition of; the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May- 2.— To-day's . state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $184,812,670; gold," $91,914 -
i>36. . '
LOCAL MARKETS.
. Cereals prices have been less inflated by
speculation than they were last week, yet a
high level was maintained and only slight re
actions occurred. 1 The general tenor of crop
news v^as much more . encouraging.
¦ Oood foreign crop conditions were calculated
to weaken the- tone, yet, exports of wheat from
the United States, flour Included, amounted to
5,579,037 bushels, against : 4,132,357 bushels a
year ago. '.'-.''¦.¦ ¦ ~- •. v./ .. v .- ,.- . .
¦¦ Failures in the United : States this week 'were
225 against 212 last week, 261 the preceding
week and 226 the corresponding week last year
and in Canada 17, against 18 last week, . 24 in
the preceding week and 24 last year. . •
' A better volume , of orders taken by -New
England shoe shops - is one : of the most en
couraging signs of the -. week. Exports of
leather continue ; larger than a year ago. ' ¦
Consumers of finished steel products are com
pelled to place .orders subject to the convenience
of manufacturers and it is the exception when
any near-by deliveries are promised. ¦;•,• -
Two large strikes scheduled to commence on
May 1 were averted, at least r temporarily,' and
a number of • smaller ones .were settled, ; but
many new controversies, have begun. This
labor factor is the only ' seriously ¦ unfavorable
one in the industrial situation, exerting consid
erable influence ¦ over ' the . volume of transac
tions, and also tending to unsettled confidence.
In seasonable merchandise, 'especially . dry
goods and clothing, warmer : weather has stim
ulated dealings, while outdoor : work - is prose
cuted vigorously. Collections are more prompt
as a rule, ¦ fewer extensions .being asked. Ship
ments are less delayed .by traffic congestion and
railway earnings thus far reported for April
exceed last year's by, 7.2 per cent. •
i NEW YORK,. May 2.— R. G. J Dun & Co/s
weekly review of trade' to-morrow will, say:
LONDON, May 2.— Consols. 95 1-16. ; Silver,
23%d. s French rentes,: lOlf 7%c. Cargoes on
passage, sellers at advance, 3d ; ; cargoes No. 1
Standard California,^Os 3d; . cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s; English country markets, firm. ' •
LIVERPOOL. May 2.— WHEAT— Steady;
No. . 1 Standard California, 6s 4%d@6s 5d;
wheat in Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet;
French country markets, quiet; weather in
England, showery. :\ . •
COTTON — Uplands, 5%d. .
Foreign Markets.
, . WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. "May 2.— WHEAT— %c higher;
blue stem, 66%c; club, 65%c. _
PORTLAND, May 2.— WHEAT— Nominal;
Walla Walla, C5%@66c; blue stem, 66%c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat -Market.
NEW YORK. May 2. — Money on call, 6@
10 per cent; cloned offered 6 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4<jr4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
in bankers' bills $4 87@4 87% for demand and
at $4 85%@4 85% for sixty day».
Posted rates, $4 80i9>4 86% and $4 88%@4 89.
Commercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%.
Bar silver, 50?<C. „ v
Mexican dollars, 41c.
Government bonds, steady: State bonds. In
active; railroad bonds, weak.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. May 2. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Londbn financial cablegram says :
Trading in stocks was restricted but cheer
ful to-day on the peace outlook. Consols were
% up to 95 1-16. Americans opened about Y*
above parity and were quietly steady. Bui
ten minutes after New York's opening that
quarter -sold, causing a persistent sag till the
close, the disquieting rumors being of labor
trouble and dear money In New York. Louis
ville and Nashville was the single exception to
the general weakness. The stock bulged in
the street three points to 138%, expecting an
increase In the dividend. Canadian Paciflc
relapsed two 'on profit taking. Rio TIntos were
% up to 42%, ex-dividend.
The market Is still compelled to renew loans.
Silver was dull and unsupported at 23% d,
almost back to the lower record level.
London Market.
Offerings of Poultry were moderate but the
market . was dull. Young stock sold fairly
well, but the demand was nothing extra. Old
s;ock was not wanted at any price. No Eastern
cano in. ¦ '
Kteeipts of Game . were 13 sacks and the
market cleaned up at unchanged prices.
¦ - POULTRY — Live ITurkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15(f«16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, $4 50
©5 for old and $5 50@8 for young; Hens, $3 50
@4 50; young Roosters, $6@7 50; old Roosters,
$3 75@4; Fryers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3 50@
4 50 for large and $2@3 for small ; Pigeons,
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs."
GAME — Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush: Gray Geese.
$2 60@3; White Geese, 75c@$l: Brant, $125
for small and $2 for large; English Snipe, $2 50
©3; Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Quotations for Butter seem pretty well es
tablished for the present, and . nobody seems
disposed to* alter them, one way or the other.
The market continues . heavily ' supplied, and
were- It not .for the continuous packing wouiJ
be in a bad way. ¦
Cheese remains weak under large supplies.'
Eggs rule very firm, - with stocks more mod
erate and sellers less anxious . to make <*ales.
There are still plenty. on the market, however.
The Exchange again advanced Us quotations
to- 16@17c for ranch and 14%@15c for gath
ered. • ' .'
Receipts were 79,700 pounds, 35 kegs and 256
tub? of Butter, 1805 cases of Eggs, —5— cases
of Eastern Eggs, 16,450 pounds of California
Cheese and - 1 pounds of Oregon Cheese. .
. ; BUTTER — Creamery, 19c ¦ and occasionally
20c per pound, for fancy, 18@18%c for firsts
and 17%c for seconds: dairy, 16@lSc; stops
Butter. 14@15c per pound. . • >
CHEESE — New. 9@10c; old. 9@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
•EGGS— Ranch, 17%@18c for fancy and 15@
17c for 1 fair to good; store, 14%@I5c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
'.•-¦. - -
Three boxes of red Cherries were received
from the river and 3 boxes of white from Va
cavllle. The red sold for ?2@2 50 per box and
the white for $1 50.
. Malinda Strawberries came to hand 'in. fair
condition and prices showed some improvement.
Attractive offerings of Longworths sold readily
at full prices, , but , green bervles were hard to
sell.': Receipts were 91 'chests' Longworths, 11«
cbests.and 350 crates Malindas.
¦.•¦. Previous prices rule on. Oranges, but' the
market continues dull,.-. especially on ' large
sizes. At the auction two cars were 'sold a9
follows: Fancy Navels, $2 10<R2 00; choice do
$1 40@2 80; standards, $1@1 90; -choice Seed
lings,; $1 2O@l 30. Stocks .of. Lemons were
heavy and the market continued dull.
Five cars of Bananas came In from New Or
leans. ' Hawaiian were cleaned up.
; STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $S@ll per
chest; Malindas," $4@6 per chest and $1@1 50
per crate. I - ¦ „. ¦ . '¦ •;•'..-.
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good . to choice and- GOc@$l ; for or
dinary; fancy from Australia, $2 50 per box.
: CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges; - $1@1 75
for standard, $1©2 25 for - choice and - $2 25@3
for ' fancy; > extra fancy, . $3 25@3 40; , Seedlings.
Poultry and Game.
SEATTLE. May 2.T-Clearings; $451,116; bal
ances, $88,383.
TACOMA. May 2. — Clearings, $265,780; bal
ances. $41,368.
SPOKANE, May 2. — Clearings, $37^.608; bal
ances. $139,620. A
PORTLAND, May 2. — Clearings, $434,041;
balances,. $98, 161.
Northern Business.
¦ /
The report of the United States Weather
Bureau, for the Oregon Crop Bulletin, week
ended April 23, is as follows:
The weather during the week has been ab
normally cool, with light scattering showers
over nearly all sections of the State. With
the exception of a few of the northern coun
ties in the Willamette Valley the rainfall was
not of sufficiently long duration as to seriously
interfere with outdoor work, and plowing and
seeding made satisfactory progress. There has
been considerably more sunshine on the aver
age than during the preceding weeks of the
month and the few warm, bright days have
caused an improvement in the condition and
color of fall-sown wheat.
In the Columbia River Valley work on sum
mer fallow continued uninterruptedly through
out the week and the farmers are well along
with that branch of their work. In the Wil
lamette Valley and Southern Oregon but little
plowing has been done on the low lands on
account of the wet condition of the soil. Fall
¦wheat and oats are generally In a promising
condition, and spring wheat, although back
ward in germination and growth, is doing as
•well as can be expected, owing to the cool
weather. With the advent of a few bright,
ftjnshiny days a marked Improvement will
take place in the condition of the wheat crop.
Hope are growing nicely and in some of the
earlier yards the vine* are being trained on
the poles. Training will not become general,
however. Jwfore the middle of next week.
Grass and alfalfa have made a luxuriant
growth, and meadows, pastures and ranges are
T'-ported to be in excellent condition. There Is
now plenty of feed for stock on the range, and
in the dairy fectior.f there has be«n a satis
factory increase in the supply of milk. With
the exception of apples, fruit trees all over
the State are now in bloom, and in portions
of Willamette Valley Italian prunes have be
min to set. The outlook is very promising for
en abundant yield of fruit.' Stock continues to
improve, and Fheep shearing has commenced
in some localities, in Lane County, Angora
goats are being sheared.
Oregon Crop Bulletin
• The market remains as before quoted. Beef
being steady. Pork and-, Mutton firm under light
receipts, and Lamb weak.
.DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as>follows: ¦ ¦ ;-•¦• . . -•.••>. ;/ ...-*..
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6%@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 8®9c: small. 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8%@9%c; Ewea. 8®3%o
per-lb. :..."¦ •'• • .
LAMB — Spring Lambs. 10©llc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%(39%c per lb.
" LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steera. 8%©9c: Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4@4%c; Ewes, 3%@4c pep
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50®2 75- per
head or 5®5%c per lb liveweight: yearlings. 4%i
@5# per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6%©
6%c;.20O lbs and over. 6@6%c; feeders. 60
6%c; sows. 20 per cent off; boars. 50 per cent
off. and stags. 40 per cent off from the abov*
quotations. .
General Merchandise.
¦ ' ; .
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July,* 6c: San
Quentin. 5.55c; -Wool Bags. 32®33c;. Fleece
Twine. 7%@8e. ¦
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 60: Bryant, $8 50:
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $3 50; Greta, $8; Walls
end. $8 50; Cc-operatlve Wallsend. $3 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egy, -: ; Welsh Anthra
cite. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
In bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lba and $8 50 per ton,
according to brand.
OIL — California Castor OH, In cases, No. 1,'
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
78c: raw. 76c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 95c; cases. $1:
China Nut. C7%06Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 70c; cases, 73c; Sperm, pure,
65c. Whale Oil. natural white. 40030c per
gallon: Fish Oil. barrels. 42%c; cases.. 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil. ' barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl OH. In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c:
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 16c;
In cases. 22%c; Benzine. In : balk. • 14%c; • In
cases, 21c: S6-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26%c
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon in cases an!
61c in drums and Iron barrels. .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes ¦ as follows, per pound. In 100-1 »
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.60c; Powdered. 4.35c: Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), nonej
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.S5c:
Extra C. 3.75c: Golden C. 8.65c: "D." 3.55c;
barrels,- 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.- 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlno8— Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. "
. Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. MAY 2.
Flour, qr sks. ... 7,604 1 Wool, bales..... 45J>
Wheat, ctla..... 7,530 Hay. tons. ..... _ 3-t7
Barley, ctls ..... .53,902 ! Straw, tons • IS
Corn sks. 863. Tallow, ctls 219
Beans, sks .. '.l.:H)7i Sugar, ctls..... 2.73«
Potatoes, sks... 720' Pelts. No ; 3.43H
Onions," sks..... 250 Hld«s. bdls.:.... 26!>
Bran.' sks. ' 5O Quicks! l.flsks... 417
Middlings, sks.. 210 Leather, rolls... ' - B.1
Screenings.' sks.. ,. 4fiT» Wine. , gals 24,400
Feed, sks....... 50 Lime, bbls ;..... 182
Continued on Page Thirteen.
San'' Francisco Meat Market.
, . ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 2.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 275; steady; natives, ?5 15@6 85; cows
and heifers,. $1 25@6 25;- veals, $3 25@6; stock-*
era and feeders, ?2@5 25. • • .
HQGS— Receipts, $4600; 10<? higher; light
and light ' mixed. $6 8507 15; .medium and
heavy, $7@7 30; pigs, $4 35@fi .
SHEEP— Receipts, 8CO0; steady: Western
lambs, $0 35@7; Western sheep, $4 85@« 15.
CHICAGO, . May 2.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1000; market . steady. Good to prime steers^
$6 75@7 30; lioor to medium, $4 50@6 45;
stockers' and feeders', $2 50©4 50; cows, $1 40
<S:5 75; heifers, $2 25@4 60; canners', $1 40®
2 40; bulls, $2 25@5 25; calves, $2@5 75;
Texas-fed steers, $5 25@6 25.
HOGS — Receipts, to-day, 18,000; to-morrow,
12,000; left over, 3000; market 5@10c higher.
Mixed and butchers'. SO 75<R>7 15; . good to
choice heavy, $7 10©7 30; rough heavy, $0 85
®7: light. $6 65@0 95; bulk of sales, $0 85®
7 10. . ..
SHEEP^-rReceiDts, 4000; steady; lambs
weak. ¦ Good to choice wethers, $5 50@6 20;
fair %o choice mixed, $4 75@5 50; Western
sheep, $5 25©6 20; native lambs, clipped,
$4 75@0 t0; Western lambs. $5 25@0 60. -¦
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market:
Business failures in the . United States for
the week number 174, as against 191 Islet week
and 163 In this week last year. In Canada,
for the week 22, against 20 last week and 17
a year ago. • . ' . -•
Wheat exports July 1,- 1901, to date (forty
four week) aggregate - 215.854.S22 bushels,
against 175,716,827 bushels last season.
Wheat, Including flour, exports for the week
aggregated 5,308.555 bushels, against 3,750,589
last week and 5,100,763 in this week last year.
It lias a .been a weak market -for cereals,
good crop advances deciding : " liquidation, but
reports of dry weather in Kansas and too much
rain in parts of the ' Northwest, added to the
strong '¦' . statistical position " (American ' and
Canadian stock declining 16,000,000 ; bushels
during the month) and ' large clearances (par
ticularly of Canadian wheat) were stimulating
features, later raising price- levels to the high
est points reached In the. week. The primary
movement of grain Is very small for the sea
son. . ¦ : ¦'.'-,.'..¦¦'
. It has been a weak market for cereals, good
crop advices deciding ' the "bull" reports of
dry weather In Kansas. .
Wool Is dull at the East, reflecting the cur
tailed consumption and irregularity. Small
stocks at ¦ Eastern points are a ' steadying ele
ment in view of the lack of demand, but at
the West buying is heavy, at slightly higher
prices than a year ago.
With the exception noted, agricultural opera
tions have made good progress and weather
conditions have been in the main favorable,
particularly In the eastern portion of the win
ter wheat belt, to the oats crop generally, in
the newly planted spring wheat sections and
In the larger part of the cotton belt. ,
More seasonable weathe'r over wide areas has
helped distribution at retail points. Exceptions
to this are found In some portions of, the South
west, where lack of "rain affects crops, ana
also in portions of the Northwest, where the
reverse is the case, too much rain interfering
alike with spring ' wheat planting' and distri
bution of seasonable goods. ¦'
NEW YORK, May 2. — Bradstreet' s to-mor
row will say: : -.
Bradstreefs on Trade.
¦**v.* , :'' LIVERPOOL. ~ "7" v —
Wheat— " May. .'" July. - Sept.
Opening .6 2% 6 1% 6 3%
Closing '..:.- V. 8 2 • '61% "6 3%
PARIS.
' Wheat — ' May. , Sept.-Dec.
Opening '. ... V 22 35 - 20 55
Closing ..22 40 20 65
Flour— 1 .
Opening.. .. 27 05 20 45
Closing 27 05 . ,, 2645
"The local and coast lumber conditions dur
ing the past month of April have been most
prosperous throughout the length and breadth
of the district. Building demands, especially
in the city of San Francisco and Its outlying
districts, have been heavier than for any 6im
ilar period, as the investments In realty and
the latter' s improvement have been exception
ally large and widespread in Its character. In
fact, there has been no lumber to offset the
increasing demands of this and other cities
of the west, coast. The mills, in many cases,
have been compelled to put on extra shifts.
an3 the saws have no cessation from their
labors. All in all, there has been no rest for
any companies interested in the lumber circles
nf this and the other coast States, and all of
the middlemen have been kept busy looking for
available cargoes and rail shipments.
'•Prices have been FtiJC. but no advances have
J.oen scheduled during the last thirty days, and
f-.here seem? to be no opportunity for further
#r.s»s owing to the competitive character of the
lumber trade circles, for should quotations be
piaced any higher there is every probability of
?•ncroachment of other woods than the redwood
and pines of our coast.
"Shingles are also Ptiff and the demand Is
daily growing beyond the control of the numer
ous mille of Ihe shingle zone. The Eastern and
Middle Western markets are keen in their call
for the wood products of this coast and shin-
Bles have kept pace with the other mill com
modities. Prices range well Into the profit side
of the ledger, and there is no reason to be
lieve that any depression is liable to occur for
tome time to come, if it appears at all during
the entire year's business activities."
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says of Lumber
in April:
The Lumber Market.
Foreign-F.fiiures.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 25@2 50 per box. $1 75<§2 for No. 1 and $1 50
@1 65 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 40@65c per box, ex
tra fancy, S5c@$l; Green Peas, 75c@$l per
sack, and lc per lb to the canners; String
Beans, from Los Angeles, 10@12%c per lb, in
cluding Wax; Cabbage, 50@65c per cti; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1 25®2 25 per box and crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, $1@1 25 per box for re
packed; Dried Peppers, . 10@llc per. lb; Los An
geles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers, 35@75c per dozen for small
and $1@1.25 for large; Garlic, 2@3c: Los An
geles Green Peppers, 10@15c;- Mexican do, -8
@10c; Egg. Plant.-, from Los Angeles. 15@20c;
Summer Squash, from Los Angeles. 75c@$l 25;
Marrowfat Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $15<@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, 1%@2%c per lb;
old. $1 5CHg)l 75 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks. $1 75@2 15;. Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 60@l 75; River Reds, $1 30@l S5;
Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 65 ; Oregon Bnr
banks, for seed, $1 35@1 60; Sweets, ,2c per lb
for Merced. \
ONIONS — Oregons, $2 60@2 75; Nevadas,
$2 75; Australian, $3 25@3 75, second hands;
new Red, 75cfi$l per ?ack; Green Onions, 20®
30c per box; Silverskins, 75c@$l 25 per box.
New vegetables cleaned" up well under a
steady Inquiry, both locally and for shipping.
Los Angeles vegetables were offering more
freely and some descriptions were lower.
¦The market is almost bare of Oregon Onions
and stocks of old consist chiefly of Australians
and Nevadas, which are firmly held at the
quotation. New Red were plentiful and sold
slowly at lower prices. Large quantities of
green, which were carried over from the pre
vious day. sold below the. quoted price. One
car of Nevadas came In. . - "
Oregon. Burbanks are moving out of first
hands as well as can be expected at the high
prices. The top quotation was obtained' for a
few lots of extra choice stock, but 2c was the
top price for the general run of offerings.
There was a noticeable improvement In the
demand for river Burbanks, ¦ owing to the
scarcity of Oregon. The Oregon Burbanks for
seed continued to meet with a brisk demand,
but other descriptions of seed • Potatoes were
dull. New Potatoes were a shade lower under
heavier receipts. • _/
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales High Low Clop e
Atchison 21.800 80% 78 . 78%
Atchlton pfd 4,900 98% 87% • 07%
Baltimore & Ohio. 3,900 108% 107 107
rtalto & Ohio pfd .... .... 95
Canadian Paciflc... 18.200 12«% 122% 121%
Canada Southern... 000 flr,34 U"? 03
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.700 476{, 46% 40%
Chicago & Alton.. flOO 37% 36% Z<\
Chi & Alton pfd.. 200 7«.t 76" 75%
Chicago. Ind & L.. 18.100 74T4 72 72%
Chi Ind & L pfd. 4,«00 85 Vt 82% 84
Chicago & East 111 200 1(VT ' 1G7 ' 1G0
Chicago & G W. .. 6,600 2*»tl 20% 20%
Chi A- G W A pfd ..... 88%
Chi & G W B pfd. 200 4S% 4<5% 45*
Chicago & N W. ... COO 265 2C5 2C0
C R I & P 1.000 170 175 175
Chicago T & T... 2.700 2C% 20 20
Chicago T & T pfd 1,000 37% 37 37
C C C & St Louis. 900 105 104% 103*4
Colorado Southern. 3,800 .".1% 29% 29%
Colo. So 1st pfd.. 300 7.1% 73U 73
Colo So 2d pfd.... 900 41 43% 43%
D*lAware & Hudson 2,200 177% 175 175
Del Lack & West.. 100 282 2S2 282
Denver & R G 500 43 42 41%
Denver &. R G pfd. 2.800 91% 91 no^i
Erie 5.200 3914 37% 37%
Eric 1st pfd l,{»00 <K)% 09 C8«
Erie 2d pfd 200 54 5.1% 53
Great Northern pfd 200 180 185U 1S4
Hocking Valley.... 1,500 84- 82% 82%
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 mV A 91% »i
Illinois Central ... 1,800 155% .152 153%
Iowa Central 200 48% 47% 47S
Iowa Central pfd ."• ... so y -
K C Southern 500 26% 26 25%
K C Southern pfd. 300 69 0S% ssu
Lake Erie & West 000 C7 CS cr»
Lak* E & IV pfd. - 12S
Louisville & Naeh 49.900 l."50% ' 132% 134
Manhattan L 14. «O0 ¦ 13514 132H 132'4
•Mttropolitan St Ry l.ooo 151% ibou. lrsoi/.
Mexican Central .. 2,500 2«% 28 23
Mexican National.. 4.700 10% jr?; j^
Minn & St Louis.. 200 114 112% 112
Mi=?ourl Pacific... 12.100 101% US% m
Mo ICan & Tex 1.000 2flM, 24% 2i»l
M-» K & T pfd.... 2,700 r,7% 56% 6C *
New Jersey Central JOO 192 J02 188
Tifvr York Central. 8.700 10Hi ir,8 159M
Norfolk & Went... 3,500 58% 57% 57%
Norfolk & West pfd pg
Ontario & Western 2,700 34K m% -. 3 ,^
Pennsylvania 5.1.000 154% 162% 152%
Reading - 57,400 «7V{ 04% C5
Reading 1st pfd... 1.600 Sfl% 84% 84V4
RMuUng 2d rM... B.900 72J4 70 70tt
Rt LpuIs & S F... 400 C8% 67% 67%
BtL&8FlKtpM. ..... ...; .... ! R3%
Bt L & 8 F 2d pfd. 800 83% 72% ,72%
St Louie B W 100 2S% 28% 23%
St Louis S W pfd 300 «0% 60 d
St'Paul .00.000 174% 170 171
NEW YORK. May 2.— The stock market re
ceived a shaking out this afternoon, which has
been considered overdue for some time by com
petent observers of conditions. As usual, the
constriction of the money supply is j the im
mediate cause of the fall in prices. Needless
to say, the ground has been prepared by the
manipulation of speculative pools and cliques,
with a resulting inflation in prices which gave
purely fictitious values in the. most flagrant,
cases and a highly speculative range of values
in the whole list. - 'i he lesson of the Interna
tional Power episode was reinforced to-day by
the example of another group which has been
lifted recently by highly manipulated- tactics.
The abrupt break to par of Rutland preferred,
compared with 120 yesterday, was a sufficient
indication on the Stock Exchange of the state
of distrust which has arisen. The displaying
of credits which resulted from the disorgani
zation against collateral loans caused a lively
disturbance in the money market, which was in
a tight condition. Some of the largest banks
loaned very freely at an arbitrary rate of 0
.per cent, but this did not prevent an active
demand at a higher range of rates all the way
up to 10 per cent. The forecast for a weak
bank statement did not give promise of any
immediate relief from the strained condition of
the money market. Indications point to a loss
by the banks of nearly $3,000,000 in spite of
receipts on balance from the Interior and ow
ing to the Sub-Treasury requirements of $4,
134,000. The steadiness in the foreign exchange
market at near the gold export point was also
regarded ominously, as threatening a possible
further complication next ' week. The calling
for payment of a 25 per cent installment of
subscriptions to the steamship merger syndi
cate will require next week an amount ap
proximately $7,500,000. on the supposition that
CO per cent of the subscriptions are payable in
New York and 40 per cent abroad. ' There are
other heavy requirements imminent, including
the disbursement of the dividend to the United
State Steel underwriting syndicate. That some
heavy transactions were carried through yes
terday was indicated by. the large clearings of
the banks, which reached about $447,000,000
for the day. The weakness of the market . was
contested for a time, ; apparently by the ele
ment which has led the speculation for some
time. They had to contend with large Western
orders to sell. The notable strength of Louis
ville and Nashville, which touched 139%, was
attributed to the maneuvers of this element
and said to be facilitated by the existence of
a short interest. Strength In Pennsylvania
was also a help. In the late dealings all at
tempt to support the market was abandoned
and stocks were unloaded indiscriminate;}',
causing a break In prices which reached as
much as 3 per cent and under in the majority
of affected stocks. St. Paul suffered to the
extent of 4%, Canadian Paciflc 3% and other
less prominent stocks from 3 to 7. International
Power continued its eccentric gyrations, which
extended from 102 to 85. with a net loss of
13 points. Hasty profit-taking by the shorts
caused some spasmodic rallies, but the closing
was weak and semi-demoralized.
The bond market shared the weakness of the
stock market, but In much less degree. Total
sales, $3,220,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
New York Stock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butte:
market was steady; creameries, 17@21c; dairies
17@20c. Cheese,, steady, 12%@13%c. Eggs
steady; fresh, 15c. '
Articles — ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 19,000
Wheat, bushels ......... 00,000 130.000
Corn, bushels ......... ..120,000 8,300 -
Oats, bushels 240.000 17,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 .
Barley, bushels ...: 4,000 '
EASTERN MARKETS.
$1 25<32; Mediterranean Sweets, $1®2 50; Va
lencias, $2 75@;J; Malta Blood Oranxea, $2@3;
Tangerines, in quarter boxes. 75c@$l and $1 -i
@1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and $2©
2 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit, $1@2 50, includ
ing seedless; Mexican Limes. $4 50@5; Bana
nas, $2 25@3 per bunch for New Orleans and
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2 50(34 per
dozen. -
Dried Fntits, Nuts and Raisins.
, The report of the wholesale damage to tha
Sar.ta Clara Prune crop, started In New York
and subsequently circulated in San Jose, ia not
jianDing out very well as- a sensation. It 13 now
said that while in several sections in the valley
the fruita failed to set &s expected, tht crop
as a whole promises to be very large, and ie
thrte-quarters of the present setting of fruit
drops off it will be a good thins for the quality
of the fruit.
Peaches, Pears and Apricots are practically
cleaned up, but there are still some old 1900
Prunes to be disposed of.
FRUITS — Apricots. 9@10c for Royals and 10
@ 13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples, S@9c; sun dried, SQSfte; Peaches
«\i<3SVlc; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 5®6c;
unpitttd, 1%@2%c; Nectarines. 5>;,«@«c for re.l
and 6%#6c for white; flgs, 3%®4%c for black
and 5%@tic for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted aa follows:
30-40's, 6%@0%c: 40-50"s. 5<g5%c: 50-60'a. 4Vi
@4%c; 60-70's. 4@4%c; 70-80's. 3%@3%c; 80
60-s? 3<@3%c; OO-lOO's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6VI
@7%c; Loose Muscatels. 6%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 6%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7©
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3;
Dehesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. ll%c; No.
2 6%®7%c: No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c-
Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10o for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts. 5@
7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb. ll®12c for bright and 9@llo
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@
¦ 6%c; light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%ig29c per lb.
Provisions.
There was another decline at Chicago yes
terday, but this market remained as previous
ly'quoted.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for augar-cured-
Eastern sugar-cuied Hams. 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams. 13%@14c; Mesa Beef, *9@9 50 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $11@U 60;
prime Mess Pork. $15 50@16; extra clear. S'£l- m
Mess. $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. $U 50@12 50;
Pig Pork. $25; PJgs' Feet, fi 75; Smoked Beef.
13%@14c. per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels
pure, 12 Vic ; 10-lb Una. 12%c; 6-lb tlna, 12%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c. _
COTTOLENE— One halt-barrel, 10%c; thre«
naif-barrels. 10%c; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10c; five tierces. 9%c per lb. £i-V-»
; Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c: medium. 9®9%c; light. 8@8%c;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8®8%c for light:
Stags, 6®6%c; Salted Kip, 8@8%c; Salted V«al.
»au%c; Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16c; Culla.
14c; Dry KId, 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls ami
Brands, 15c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@^uo
each: short Wool. 35@60o each; medium. t>5<a
75c; long Wool. 80c©$l 10 each; Horse HidesT
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium, $l r for small and 60c for Colts; Horaa
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50o for Colts. BucK
Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can. 25c; dry Central American. 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
-00c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb:
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c
WOOL — Spring — Northern free. 14@lCc: do,
defective. 13@14c; Middle county free. 13@15c;
do, defective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, 0®
10c; do. 7 months. 9<@llc; Foothill. ll@13c;
Nevada. 12@15c per lb.
HOPS — 12@13c for fair and 14@15c for . lb
for good to choice.
BARLEY — The ehirments of barley during
the month were 3K2.527 centals, valued at
$:;CL9«9, against 4<i.S31 centals, valued at
$3H.40S» during the same month Ia*t year. The
total exports from July 1 to date were 4.160,
1M centals. Valued at $3,809,577. against
I.Vtl.lflg centals, valued at $l,S22,207 In
19O0-C1.
WHEAT — The exports of wheat during the
month were 87:1,500 centals, valued at $988,905,
fe?ainst 547,977 centals, valued at $566,842 In
April. IflOl. From July 1. l'JOl, to ADril 30,
ihese exuort.* aggregate 8.U92.726 centals, val
ued at «a,171.<;^7. agaJnst 6,077.823 centals,
valued at $6,S65.t!49 during the corresponding
period last season.
FLOUR — Exports of flour from this port dur
ing the month of April were 31.931 barrels,
valued at $102,729, against 81,040 barrels, val
ued at $244.*C3 in April. 1901. The total ex
l-orte for the fiiet ten months of the crop
j ear, commencing July 1, were M56.992 barrels,
-valued at $2,'.Hi7,O35, against 789,149 barrels,
¦valued at $2,4 < j4,tfJO during the same period
:r. I'JOO-l'.tOl.
There was no further advance In Beans, but
the market was . quoted firm, with a contin
ued demand for shipment.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 55@2 SO ; " small White.
$2 50@2 00; large White, $2 4002 60; Pea, $3©
3 25; Pink, $2 05@2 20; Red, $2 50@2 75; Black
eye, $4 75; Llmas, $3 50®3 65; Red Kidneys.
$3 75@4 per ctl. /
SEEDS— Trieste 'Mustard. $2 50@2 65: Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa 'from Utah.
10%@ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@
2%c; Hemp. 3%c perlb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60@2; Green. $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
Cash quotations ' were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 75%©7«%c; No. 2
red, 84%c; No. 2 corn, yellow, t>2%c; No. 2
oats, 42%@43c; No. 2 white, 44@45%c; No. 3
white, 43%@44%c; No. 2 rye, 68%c; fair to
choice malting barley, GS@71%c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 67; No. x l Northwestern, $179; prime
timothy seed, $7 10@7 20;^mess pork, per bbl,
$16 80@16 85: lard, per 100 lbs. $10 10@1012%;
short-rib' sides (loose). $9 45@9 55; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 7%@8c; short clear sides
(boxed), $1010@10 20; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Ran Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
warmer; light northerly winds, changing to
westerly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE, I
Forecast Official.
Northern California— "Fair Saturday; bris\c
northerly winds in the interior; fresh westerly
winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; warmer; light north
west winds.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the coast
north of San Francisco and rapidly over North
ern Utah and Southern Idaho. The depression
of moderate depth overlies Arizona, but will
probably move ranldly eastward.
No rain has fallen in California during the
past twenty-four hours. The temperature con
tinues below the normal in the great valleys
but will probably rise slowly Saturday.
Fort-cast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight May 2. 1902:
Wheat— April 1. May 1.
Port Cotta 46,582 36,205
Stockton 31,206 25.192
City 1,716 1,523
Barley —
3'ort Costa 16,2fi4 7.3S7
Stockton <5.O52 3,442
<:ty 1.537 2,443
oats li,454 5,789
r,,rn ' SC9 891
Uran 177 83
The receipts in April were 26.430 tons Bar
ley. 1251 do Oats, S75 do Corn and 8SS do Bran.
Exports 0/ Flour and Grains
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
t'Orts Ftocks of grain in warehouse and on
v hart May 1 as follows In tons:
Stocks of Grain.
The exports of wine from this port by sea
during the month of April were 28,884 gallons
and «t«es. valued at $12,941, making the
total exports cince January 1 2.244,557 gallons
and l.'.'ic case*, valued at $744,76S.
Exports o: Wine.
Quicksilver exports In April were 565 flanks,
valued at $24,875. making the total exports
eince January 1 170» flasks, valued at $S0,3U5.
Exports of Quicksircer.
Middlings have been advanced 50c per ton.
Bran is unchanged. There is nothing at all
new in Hay. Rolled Barley Is firm, in sym
pathy with the raw grain.
. BRAN— $17 60@18 per ton. . » . .
MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20 50@21 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; job
bing, $26 50@27:. Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Corn
Meal, $29@29 50; Cracked Corn, $2» 50@30;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and OaU
$8 50(gll; Oat, $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock, $6@8
per ton.
STRAW — iO@e5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3-40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers"; Washington Bakers',: $3Q
3 60.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per ll>0 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@475; • Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats . (barrels) $7 35@9; in
Backs, $6 85@S50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
TMe steamer Sonoma took . for New Zealand
10,941 barrels of Flour; valued at $35,202.
Flour and Millstuffs.
#_ _ — — : — : ; ••*
* CHICAGO, May 2.— Firm' cables,- too much
rain in the spring -w.heat country and continued
drought In Kansas brought 'a. slight up-turn
early .in wheat.'. Bears,' however, soon attacked
the market on the - depression . of a dull corn
market and reports of excellent conditions in:
the wheat country, where rains had fallen.
Prices slipped off,' but were at once buoyed up
again by good buying orders on the decline.
Cash business was improved, clearances were
fair and experts had the Kansas crop damaged'
75 per cent. July,' which had opened a shade
to %@%c higher, at 77c to 77%c, and sold off
to 76%c, soon jumped to 77%c. The early out
side , markets ' had been -weak, but improved
somewhat; export business was reported good;
and material strength was' manifested. Then
came another attack by • the bears on fears of
rains : in Kansas. Corn < continued to decline
and wheat sold off. .July dipped again to
76%c and closed weak, %@%c lower, • at . 76%
@76%c. r - . - - ,. .. - - :.' "-¦-
Corn was dull all the . session and because
of its inertness slumped badly. July- closed at
the bottom, l%c lower,. at 62%@62%c.
Oata were weaker by the depression in other
grains. July closed weak, %c lower, at 36%c.
Provisions showed marked strength early,
but lost much of the gain near- the close on
liquidation. July pork closed 5c up, lard 5c
higher and ribs unchanged. -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Ch tea go j Gra in Market.
Light stocks active and lower.
Silver lozccr again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley a fraction higher.
Oats and Corn very firm. Rye quiet and steady.
Middlings advanced. Bran and Hay unchanged.
Beans in continued shipping demand, but no higher.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs very firm.
Serious damage to Prune crop not credited.
Dried Apricots, Peaches and Pears well cleaned up.
Provisions quiet at previous quotations.
Meat market as before.
Lumber trade reported in good condition.
Cherries in fr.om Vacavillc and the river.
Oranges and Lemons dull.
Five cars of Nczv Orleans Bananas arrived.
High prices raider Potatoes quieter.
Onions continue very firm. ;.
Poultry dull.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, May. 2.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, . shows the bank clear
ings at the principal .'cities for the week
ended May i. with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspqnd-""
ing week last year: : , . .... \.
..; ' Percentages.
Cities — Amount. ! Inc. Dec.
.New York.. .$1,767,632,377 . .... 21.0
Chicago 164,982,936 -:" 2.4 ....
Boston 146,848,835 V 16.1
Philadelphia .....' 117.651,038 1.0 ,
St. Louis.. 56,574,442 »r 28.5 ...".
Pittsburg 44.334,732 'r .... 9.2
Baltimore -22,837,876 . :• .:.. 2.4
San Francisco.... 25,482,100 1.0
Cincinnati ....... 18.186, H50 . 4;9
Kansas City...... 16,889,208 ....
Cleveland 13,941,144-11.0 .-...
Minneapolis 11,974.576. 19.2 ...\
New Orleans 12.093,002 ; 15.9 ....
Detroit V i 9,267,105 .........
Louisville ........ 10,181,983 6.6 ....
Indianapolis 10,531,838 64.7
Providence .6,228,200 .... 16.7
Omaha .......... 6,422,877 2.7
Milwaukee ..*..... 5,712,131 •'.... 5.3
Buffalo 6,998,902 2.8
St. Paul. 6,234,150 7.6
St. Joseph 4,225,722 11.7 ....
Denver 3,724,125 ...... '¦....
Richmond ........ .4,210,749 13.5 ' ..:.
Savannah ....... 2,819,061 7.3
Salt Lake City.... .2,774,147.-,.... ..\.
Albany 3,361,103 13.3 ....
Los Angeles , 4.619,734 37.5 ....
Memphis >. 2.628.853 2.5
Fort Worth....... 2,537,808 : 6.9 %.....
Seattle • ; 3,221,349,- 51.7 . ....
Washington .'; 3.861. Ifi5 " 26.2.
Hartford /. -,.2.512,218 ...: 7.1
Peoria ; ; 2,330,040 ,9.3
Toledo 2,338,992 6.7 ....
Portland, Or 2,50fi,70tf- 25.3. ....
Rochester. 2,815.389 ,3.8 ....
Atlanta 1,751,891 1.0 ....
Des Moines .'...... 1,901,839 ". 28.8 ....
New Haven...... 1,68:1,988 •", 9.6 : .....
Worcester 1,543,679 .... 14.8
Nashville 1,503.170 7.4 ..w
Springfield. Mass. 1,622.961 9.0 '..'.;
Norfolk... ... 1.49S.432 14.1
Grand Rapids;.... l,6t!0, 458 .... 6.7
Scranton 1,491,439 .... 6.8
Portland, Me..... 1.4.18,512:. . ....
Sioux City 1,808.100 19.4 ,•'...'.
Augusta ......;..* 789,534 41.3
Syracuse 1,158,296 - .... 5.7
Dayton, 0 1,572,648 16.6
Tacoma 1.172,53(1/ .... 1.1
Spokane 1,467,936 . 60.3 ....
Topeka ' ,968,400 10.1 ....
Davenport 1.237,147 43.3 l\
Wilmington, Del.. l,076,»55 .4.7 ....
Evansville 858,274 24.3
Birmingham-.... 1,0(2,90. 18.8 ....
Fall River.. A.... 816,468 6,8 ....
Macon 585,000 3.9 ....
Little Rock 846.401 47.6
Helena - 420,604 .1.1
Knoxville ........ 570.385 ....
Lowell 675,976 . ¦ 3.5
Akron i , 578,000 ..... 1.7
i Wichita -602,714 . 5.0 ....,
! Springfield, 111.... 5(53,828 ,: ¦
Lexington ,439,430 , .10.2
i New Bedford...... 748.416 61-4 ...:
i Chattanooga 508,212 20.3 "
Youngstown 6C8.57S 23.3 ....
1 Kalamazoo 477,564 18.0 ....
Fargo i 402,204 21.7. ....
Blnghamton 345,300 3.2 ...'.
Rockford 37K.00-, 23.6
Canton 397,000 10.7 ....
Jacksonville, Fla.. 338,310 40.2
Springfield, O..... 289,732 9.4 ....
Chester 286,335 11.7
Quincy 321,111 '.... ..„
I Bloomington 321,255 43.3 ....
Sioux Falls 218,365 '8.4 ....
Jacksonville, 111.. 165.4S8 ....
Fremont 159,150 .... 3.0
•Houston ./. 13.5S1.276 49.9
•Galveston 7,490,000 4.6 ....
?Columbus. 0 7,491,000 8.5
•?Wheeling 867.46.V 39.6 ....
??Wllkeebarre ... 1 895.000
••Beaumont ..1... I 328,fi03 . .... ; ....
Decatur 208,234 .... ....
Totals, U. S.. $2,572.025, 67fi .... 15.3
Outride N. Y 804,403,350 0.8
CANADA.
Montreal $20,691,050 25.0 ....
Toronto 17.096,740 39.6- ....
Winnipeg .'.. 3,1S8,437V 72.9 ; ....
Halifax 1,770,282 17.7
Vancouver, B. C. 750.556 3.2 ....
•'Hamilton' 774,469- 22.8
St. John.; N. B.'.V. t!57.498 ' 6.8
..Yictorla. B. C 375,973 .... 22.2
••Quebec 1,085,511 ....
Ottawa 1,715,194,; ..... .....
Totals, Canada $45,311,009^, «29.2 ......
•Not included in totals, because containing
other • items tha n " clearings! ! **Not Included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
St Paul pfd 1,400 193 193 190
Southern Pacific .. 12,800 • 67«4 65% 66
Southern Railway.. 22.800 37% 36 36%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.70O 96% 95% 95%
Texas & Pacific... 1,800 42% 41«4 41 •
Toledo St L & West 300 22% 21% 21%
Toi st L & W pfd. 500 . 40% 40 , 36%
Lnon Pacific 59.800 104% 102% 102%
Union Paciflc pfd.. 1,700 87% 87% 87%
W r a^ as |j 4,100 27 25% 25%
A\ abash pfd. ....... 12,300 45% 43% 43%
VV heel & Lake Erie 2,500 22% 21 % 21%
&'L E 2d pfd 300 36 35% 35 |
Wisconsin Central.. '2,000 26% 25% 25
Wis Central pfd... 600 49 47% 47%
( Express companies —
Adams ;. ;. 20C
American jk>5
United States 100 118 118' 110
Wells Fargo 210
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 12.100 66% 66 .65%
Am Car and Foun 3,600 31% 30% 30%
Am Car and F pfd. 700 01 90 00
Am Linseed Oil.... 16,000 27% 26 24
Am Linseed Oil pfd .....' ." 54 .
American Loco 12,700 33%. 31% 31%'
American Loco pfd 4.300 95 92% 92%-
Am Smelt and R. . 6,400 45% 44 43%
Am Smelt & R pfd 300 95% 05% 1)5 }4 j
Anaconda Min Co. 100 112 112 112
Brooklyn R Trans. 16,400 09% 67% C7 .
Colo Fuel and Iron 27.100 106 102% 103%
Consolidated Gas.. 2,900 225% 223 £23
Continental T pfd. 1,700 121% 119 118
Hocking Coal 1,100 20 19% 19%
General Electric... 200 326 325% 325
International Paper 100 21 21 .20 '
Intern Paper pfd 74
Intern Power 3,000 102 85 .88 '
Laclede Gas • 90'
National Biscuit... 300 50 49% 49%
National Lead 1,100 20 18% 16% i
National Salt '20.'. !
National Salt pfd ..*.. 69% i
North American... 2,300 130 125% 125
Paciflc Coast ..... «7
Pacific Mail 600 42 41 Vi 41
People's Gas 2,100 105>/i 103 103
Pressed Stsel Car. 3,700 15% 44% 44%
Pressed S Car pfd. 800 85% 84% 84
Pullman P Car.... 200, 240 238 230
Republic Steel 1,000V 19% 18% 18%
Republic Steel pfd. 800 1 74% 74 74
f' u sar 2«, t»00 \ 128% 125% 126 '
1/nn Coal and Iron 13,700 ; 70% 66% 67
Union B & P Co.. 400 16 16 15*4
U B & P Co pfd . . slit
IT S Leather 2.500 13% 13 ' 13 ¦
U S Leather pfd.. 1,300 «5U S4U 84
U S Rubber 1,800 17 17 Tf
U S Rubber pfd... 300 00 60 BO*
U S Steel 21.800 42 41 41
U S Stsel pfd 84,600 92W 91% »fu
Western Union 1.000 91% 91% ofi^
, Total sales 1,023.000
NEW YORK BONDS
U -,? Te i t s reg...lO9%iL & N unif 4s...lO2Si
too ref 2s coup.. 109% Mexican Cen 4s.. 83
. Do Js reg 108% Do 1st inc 33Ji
Do 3s coup ...10S% Minn & fit L 4s.. 101-3
Do new 4s reg.137% M K & T 4 8 ....101%
Do new 4s coup. 137% Do 2ds 83%
Do old 4s reg.. 111% N Y Central ists.lUl*
Do old 43 coup. 1114* Do gen 3%s ...100%
£° 5s reg 105% N J Cen ge^5s..lu9i|
Do os coud ...105% Northern Pae 4s.lO5U.
Atchison gen 4s..l0o>> Do 3s .. 73%
_Do adjust Is... 94Vi Norf & W coA'4s.'l01%
Ba ' 1 * Ohl ° Reading gen 4e.. 99%
Do 3%s 9U% StL & I M con 5s.ll6%
Do conv 4s ...109 St I. & S F 4s... 09
Can South 2d8....1OO St Louis S W lsta 9S«,
Central of Ga 5s.llOV4 Do 2ds 85^
Do 1st inc 86 San A & A P 4s. 91 '
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% Southern Pac 4s.. 95%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% Southern Ry 5s... 122%
C B i & . Q new 4s. 06 Texas & Pac Ists.l21«i
C M&StP gen 4s.ll6i,i Tol St I, & W 4s. 832
C & N W con 78.135 Union Paciflc 4s..lOG%
C R I & Pac 4S.112U Do conv 4s ...HXifg
CCC & StL gen 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts . ...117%
Chi Term 4s 89 Do 2ds Ill
-Colo & South 4s.. 95I/-' Do deb B .¦ 70'I
Denver & R G 4s. 104% West Shore 4s ...114
Erie prior lien 4S.100I4 W & L Erie 4s.. 93%
Do gen 4s SS Wisconsin Cen 4s. 94V
Ft W & D C ls»ts.lH%'Con Tob 4s 60
Hocking Val 4%s. 112 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .... 11.,
Alice 45 Ontario .8 25
Breece ... 50 Ophir .*. 1 90
Brunswick Con . 15 Phoenix 00
Domstock Tun .. OS'/ilPotosl 20
Con Cal & Va..l 63 Ravage ... 12
Dead wood Terra. 75 Sierra "Nevada. .. 25
Horn Silver 140 Hmall Hopes ". * .. 40
Iron Silver CS Standard ; :.3 35 •
Leadville Con ... 05 - , .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . United Fruit ...107%-
Call loans 3%@4 Mining— . ft Si
Time loans 4@4% Adventure .....V. 21" '¦'
Bonds — . ¦ Allouez .......... 3%
N E Gas &• Coke 55 Amalgamated ... 65
Railroads — . . Bingham 34%
Atchison 78% Calumet & Hecla.546
Do pfd 97% Centennial 17%
Boston & Albany.. 263 Copper Range ... 54
Boston Elevated . .165 Dom Coal 135
N Y. N H & H..235 Franklin 10%
Fitchburg pfd ...146 Isle Royale 13%
Union Paciflc ...102 Mohawk ....'. ... 34
Mexican Central.. 27% Old Dominion ... 17%
Miscellaneous — Parrott 24%
American Sugar .125% Quincy 123
Do pfd 118% Santa Fe Copper. 2U
Am Tel & Tel. ..182 Trinity 12%
Dom Iron & Steel. 65 Utah 22%
Mass Electric ... 44% Victoria... 4%
Do pfd 97 Wlnona .... 1%
N E Gas & Coke. 3% Wolverine ....... 54
U S Steel 41 iy Daly West 45
Do pfd 91% I
, . LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.94 13-16N T Central ....105 ¦••
Con for account95 1-16 Norfolk & West. . 60
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 92%
Atchison 82% Ont & Western.. 35%
Do pfd 101 % Pennsylvania .... 79 %
Bait & Ohio..... Ill Reading 34%
Canadian Pac ..125% Do 1st pfd ... 44
Ches & Ohio ... 49 Do 2d pfd 37 '
Chi G W 24 Southern Railway 38%
Chi, Mil & St P. .179V41 Do pfd 98%
i Den & Rio G.... 44% Houthern Paciflc . 68%
Do pfd 94Vi Union Paciflc 107
Erie 40% Do pfd 90
Do 1st pfd 71% U S Steel ... 43 ¦
Do 2d pfd 57 Do pfd 94%
Illinois Central ..157% WabaEh 27
Louis & Nash... 136% Do pfd 46%
Mo, Kan & Tex. 26% Spanish Fours ... 7fi%
Do pfd 55% ; •
Bar Silver — Quiet, 23%c per ounce.
Money — 2%@3 per cent.
The rate of discount In open market for
ehort bills is 2 13-10 per cent.
The ¦ rate of discount in open market for.
three months' bills is 2% per cent. ...
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
of the day. • The close was at a reaction under
'realizing, • %@V>c net decline. = May, 81%@
S2 7-16c, closed "84%c; July, 81%@82%c, closed
82c; September, £l(g81%c, closed" 81 %c; De
cember. 82%@83%c. closed S2&c. . '
Hops and hides steady.
COFFEE— Spot — Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice,
5 7-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8Vi@12c. .¦ • ' r
.SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3c; Cen
trifugal, 96 test,. 3%c; molasses : sugar, 2%c;
refined, firm. \ ¦ ". ¦ • . . -.'¦ ' '.'-."
' DRIED FRUITS. '
Buying In evaporated apples Is small both for
export and jobbing . account, but - on light of
ferings the 'tone of the market- held steady at
old prices. State- common to good, 7<gS%c:
prime, 9i£@9>4c; choice.' 9%@10c; fancy, 10%
@llc. ¦¦ ¦ - j v ¦¦ ¦ ¦' ..
A moderate Jobbing trade is noted in prunes,
with steady prices' for new fruit. Old, fruit,
weak- and irregular.' .Peaches in -good demand
and about steady; ; Some jobbing trade reported
for ' apricots./ Actual ¦ business light.-. .- -, • -.-
S PRUNE&i3%@6%c.
APRICOTS— Boxed, 10%@14c;- bags, 10%@
12c. ¦ - '-"¦'¦ -'¦ ¦•-. ¦' .
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, QV^
lie, .-.-¦¦
steady, with prices unchanged to 5 points lower
and closed steady, 3 points lower to 5 points
higher. ¦' ¦¦• •:"". . , ..''.:
- NEW YORK, May 2.— Cotton closed net un
changed to 5 points lower. Total sales. 2S, 000
bags. July, $5 15; September, $5 25@f» 35;
October, $5 40; December. $5 60; March, $5 75.
seed back and the third reports * condition of
2o per cent. It Is pretty well agreed now
that the Kansas crop is about gone. "
'- This market was unchanged on call, but
higher on the spot. Freights continued firm.
The steamer Sonoma took for New Zealand
11.200 ctls.~ valued at $13,600
» Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 12% ; milling,
$1 13 %@1 15 per cental.
•-. ; ~ CALL BOARD; SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 10%; 2000, $1 10.
Second Session — December — 20C0 ctls.
$1 10%; .2000, $1 10%.
-Regular' Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 10. n
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— Quotations advanced again, both
on and off call, under a good demand all over
the ..coast, with light supplies. The monthly
statement of the Produce Exchange shows
stocks In San " Francisco and vicinity May 1
of only 13,278 tons, against 23,853 April I,
while there ia a good demand for the East and
Puget Sound, Honolulu and Europe, to saji
nothing of local requirements.
Feed, 95@97%c for No. 1 and 93%c for oft
grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97 l 4c@
$1; Chevalier. $1@1 20.
- CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 • o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, 79c.- ¦ s ¦ .-•
Second Session — May — 20C0 ctls, 92 %c; 2000.
93c; 4000, 93 Vic. -
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctis,
04c. . December — GCOO. 79e.
¦ Afternoon Session — No sales.
. OATS — The market Is .. quoted very firm in
sympathy i with the other grains. "While the
demand here is light It is said to be very good
up North, where the English Government is
reported to be buying, though to what extent
is not known. Prices stand the same.
J Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites. $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise,- $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 32%; rtd.
$1 3001 42% per ctl. .
¦ CORN — Rules firm at about the same quota
tions. Offerings are now very , light on the
Produce Exchange, while small round' yellow
and white are actually scarce.
Large Yellow. $1 37%@147»4; small round
do, $1 40@l 50; White, $1 50@l 60.
RYE— 90695c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
Ctl. : . . .
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATXJEDAY, :JMAY 3, 1902.
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Review of Trade.
11
New .York Grain and Produce.
Articles— Open. , High.
'Wheat No. 2 —
May ........ -75% • ' 76%
July 77% 77%
September .'. 76% -." 7G%'
Corn No. 2— . ¦
May ...'. 62% v '. C2%
July ..'......:; 03% :<tt%
September ... 62% 02%
¦Oats No. 2—
May .... 42% ' - 42%
July, old -35% 35%
July, new 37% 37%
Sept., old.... 30% 30V4
Sept., new...,. 32% 32%
• Mess Pork, cer bbl —
May 16 80 17 00
July 17 05 17 20
September - .. 17 20 17 30- '
Lard, Der 100 lbs — ;-
May ........ 10 12% 10 15. W
July'...- .10 15- .10 15
September ..10 25 .10 32%:.
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — -.'.
May 9 42% 9 42%
July 0 57% • 9 57%
September . .' 9 C5 • 9 65
Low.
.. 75>A
76%
':¦' >75?4
60%
\62J4
42
34%
- 36%
29%
,31%
16 80
17 02%
.17 10
10 07%
10 15 . .
;iO;22% "
9 42% ,
0 45
9 62%
- Close.
75%
70%
. ¦ W%
' 60%
• C2%
61%
•42%
35%
: 36%
29%
• 31%
16 SO
17 02%
17 12%
.10 07%
.10 15
" 10 25
, 9 42%
9 50
9 65
in
ii
lli
j/>
SJ3i. UK4JUKU.
STATIONS.
C
3
K B O
5?5 3f
S3 33 *-
S 2 5S P 13 "
e «• : o
— g • r *
? • !: --
?! i
o
Gloria ..
Ijaaker ...
O,rpon ..
i:urc-ka . .
rrtfno ...
I"lar«aff .
rocjiteUo
30.16
30.02
30.00
30.20
30.02
28. 06
Ida.39.00
M
TiO
r»2
54
70
4S
40
32
24
48
41
34
W
KW
s .
Rain
Cloudy
Clear
Cl^ar
Clear
Cl«ar :
.Cloudy-
.10
.00
.00
.12
.00
.00
.02
Independence .29.7(5 72
Los Angeles.. 29. I>6 «8
Phoenix 29. 70 88
Portland 30.14 54
Red Blurt 30.04 «S
R«»?<?burg 30.20 50
Sacramento -.30.04 64
Salt Lake 29.08 52
Sap FrancJsco.30.10 BO
S L. Oblspo..30.06 firt
San Diego ...29.98 00
fWttle 30.06 54
Spokane 29.96 4(5
Neah Bay ....10.04 48
•VVellR Walla.. 30. 04 42
Wlnnemucca .30.04 50 !
Yuna 29.72 86 .
40 SE
48 W
GO W
44 W
46 N
42 S\V
42 W
38 NW
46 W
44 W
56 AV
42 S\V
40" S\V
42 S\V
40 S
24 N\V
00 W
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Rain .02
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .17
Clear .00
Clear T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .04
Rain .08
Rain .04
Rain .03
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
I Temperature at 7 a. m.
i.. 4S.
in
ii
lli
j/>
SJ3i. UK4JUKU.
STATIONS.
C
3
K B O
5?5 3f
S3 33 *-
S 2 5S P 13 "
e «• : o
— g • r *
? • !: --
?! i
o
Gloria ..
Ijaaker ...
O,rpon ..
i:urc-ka . .
rrtfno ...
I"lar«aff .
rocjiteUo
30.16
30.02
30.00
30.20
30.02
28. 06
Ida.39.00
M
TiO
r»2
54
70
4S
40
32
24
48
41
34
W
KW
s .
Rain
Cloudy
Clear
Cl^ar
Clear
Cl«ar :
.Cloudy-
.10
.00
.00
.12
.00
.00
.02
Articles— Open. , High.
'Wheat No. 2 —
May ........ -75% • ' 76%
July 77% 77%
September .'. 76% -." 7G%'
Corn No. 2— . ¦
May ...'. 62% v '. C2%
July ..'......:; 03% :<tt%
September ... 62% 02%
¦Oats No. 2—
May .... 42% ' - 42%
July, old -35% 35%
July, new 37% 37%
Sept., old.... 30% 30V4
Sept., new...,. 32% 32%
• Mess Pork, cer bbl —
May 16 80 17 00
July 17 05 17 20
September - .. 17 20 17 30- '
Lard, Der 100 lbs — ;-
May ........ 10 12% 10 15. W
July'...- .10 15- .10 15
September ..10 25 .10 32%:.
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — -.'.
May 9 42% 9 42%
July 0 57% • 9 57%
September . .' 9 C5 • 9 65
Low.
.. 75>A
76%
':¦' >75?4
60%
\62J4
42
34%
- 36%
29%
,31%
16 80
17 02%
.17 10
10 07%
10 15 . .
;iO;22% "
9 42% ,
0 45
9 62%
- Close.
75%
70%
. ¦ W%
' 60%
• C2%
61%
•42%
35%
: 36%
29%
• 31%
16 SO
17 02%
17 12%
.10 07%
.10 15
" 10 25
, 9 42%
9 50
9 65
Independence .29.7(5 72
Los Angeles.. 29. I>6 «8
Phoenix 29. 70 88
Portland 30.14 54
Red Blurt 30.04 «S
R«»?<?burg 30.20 50
Sacramento -.30.04 64
Salt Lake 29.08 52
Sap FrancJsco.30.10 BO
S L. Oblspo..30.06 firt
San Diego ...29.98 00
fWttle 30.06 54
Spokane 29.96 4(5
Neah Bay ....10.04 48
•VVellR Walla.. 30. 04 42
Wlnnemucca .30.04 50 !
Yuna 29.72 86 .
40 SE
48 W
GO W
44 W
46 N
42 S\V
42 W
38 NW
46 W
44 W
56 AV
42 S\V
40" S\V
42 S\V
40 S
24 N\V
00 W
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Rain .02
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .17
Clear .00
Clear T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .04
Rain .08
Rain .04
Rain .03
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
I Temperature at 7 a. m.
i.. 4S.
AUCTION SALES
CLOSINfrOUT SALE!
Having consolidated our milk trade with that
of the Standard Milk Company we will sel3
at public auction our entire rolling stock, con-
sisting of 60 well-broken gentle horses. singl«>
and double harness, bike carts, road buggies,
together with office fixtures and one large ie»
chest. Sale takes place at company's lat*
plant,
721-723 HOWARD ST..
MONDAY. MAY 5. AT 1 P. M.
, SANTA CLARA MILK CO.
£* fe fe fe
Sale of Thoroughbreds I
On Tuesday. May « at 11 a. m., I will sell
the great stake winnars VOHICER. WILLIAM
ACK and EARL W. 1 At the same time (by
oraer of the Court) the following: RIO CHI-
CO. MOCORI7O. IRMA A. GUS ABERCROM-
3IE. JOSIK H and! MIMI. besides the magni-
ficent untrlpd two-year-old filly REVOLT by
St. Carlo-Anarchy. Also saddles, blankets,
hoods, bridles, etc. This is a rare chance to get
goc<i money winners that are In perfect condi-
tion. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
21*5 Third et. WM. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL.; SATURDAY, MAY 3, 1902.
12
CAUPET BEATING AND CLEANING. I
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work ;
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market, bet.Sth_9th;tel.Howard 2913. .
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st :
tel. 'Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices :
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. . H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250. ( (
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk; ,
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, \Prop. . ,
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74.
COTTAGES TO "LE T. /'_' <.
TO rent— Furnished cottage for summer j ¦,
months. 1101 Park ave. -
COTTAGE, 3 sunny rooms; yard and stable.
10 Byington ave.
MENLO (Fair Oaks)— New Cottage. 7 rooms.
bath, furnlsfied. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
. 7- I>BKTlSTS.T&y#: ,
A — DR.TTsriHIGGINS. 927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 '-ears ex-
perience; no students;, advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
i 4tn. r. 7 Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 30
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m-; Sundays, I
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager, j
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operatorb;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S. .proprietoraad_manager : ____ ; __
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break; _
¦warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
-plates. $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st .
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
TuII set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. SOc.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st. — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER.; 46 O'Farrell. late of . 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gag specialist
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
"" EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD' s" SCHOOL OF"ElESCTRJCAL~ENaT
NEERING — Theory demonstration, construe- j
tlon laboratory and shop work;' thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. vs
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 13S2 Market St., on or about May 1. 1902.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ;comp!ete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogua free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges ; references. President Jordan or any ;
; Stanford professor. Phelan building. " ; j
A — $50; life efcholarshlp at AYRESV Business i
College, 723 st., pays for combined '
commercial and shorthand courses; new type- j
writers; positions secured; catalogue free. '
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur- I
vey assay cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van !
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall, I
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast; j
beginners and college graduates perfected..;
TARR. -expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg. j
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough j
modern methods; positions for all graduates; |
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions In March; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market.
ACTING, elocution, specialties-; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
GOLDEN Gate Com" 1 College, 630. Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand, ;
bookkpg., penmanship; poeit'n when qualified. '
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In j
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433. j
Chicago Business College,' 1435 Market, nr. 10th ; |
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo. j
SPANISH.French.etcProf.De Filippe'sAcademy ¦
of LanEruages,320Post;estab'dlS71;ablest profs. !
Harpist, only teacher West.desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, SOc lesson. 14S4 Market
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual in- j
struction; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom. \
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, j
j etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or ¦ personally, j
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class.
BARKER'S Academy, 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863 ; new SC-page catalogue free.
-LliVATORS. SS3;
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate !
priced. J.E.Upphoff, 505 Mission; tel. John 385».
, EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable housecleaning, cooks
and v, niters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 1293 Page. cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton-; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help, jg
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Bert help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 51(i.
CHINESE . and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post; GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42(5 Powell. nr.Sutteritel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — By a refined lady with" young girl,
position as housekeeper; no objection to coun-
try. Address 954% Seventh St., room 13,
Oakland. '
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
dc light housework; best of references. .1004
Howard st - . .
WANTED — Position as stenographer and tyrte-^
writer by young lady of experience; refer-~
: ences; own machine. , Box 1714, Call office.
' A POSITION by an experienced hotel house-
'' keeper; aa matron o£ institution; best of
, city references.- Box 1551, Call office."-
¦ A REFINED American middle-aged lady de-
1 sires position for house cleaning by the: day;
j very willing . to - work. 1231 Market: st. •:
• YOUNG married couple; English; man coach-
: man, etc. ; wife fine cook; city or country;
¦ ?50 us. Box 1715, Call office. .
¦ YOUNG English lady desires engagement . as
'< companion; domesticated; needlework; good
musician, piano and mandolin; would teach;
no objection to. travel; moderate salary. Box
' 1504, Call office. ¦.--.- . ; ; ,
' WANTED — By a middle-aged woman as house-
- j keeper for a gentleman and wife: Is -a good
j cook. Apply W., box 1563, Call office. ;
• COLORED woman wishes; day's v/ork house-
ji • cleaning or washing. Box 1587, Call office.
1 COLORED girl would like a place to do light
• * housework.. 1412 Powell st.
-' GIRL of 10 desires situation to assist In house-
• work. Call at 1028 Montgomery, st..
. WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
- ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nlght;'$t 50
» 'to. $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
- * bus and. baggage N to and from ferry.,. '
r WANT ads and subscriptions - taken i for TThe
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st -.
- CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
!. received at- Call b»-nch office," 2200 Flllmore.
.; A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
i. subscriptions has been established at 1099
- ¦ Valencia »t. . : . ...
• f i
- ' EMl>Ll< : V - >IKX '|' y^' 1 '*-»-—¦ HALE.
t' A • MIDDLE-AGED • German- man wants, any
_ kind of work. , MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
TRAINED hospital nurse; German gentleman;
_ i single;, with- good, reference; wishes engage-
¦ . merits: would also travel with Invalid.. Box
:. 1713, Call office. " ;
~ MALE ', nurse ; - surgical > or medical ; - Al I rcf s. j
rates ?1 60 day. Box 1606, Call office./ .
e SITUATION wanted as day" or night watch-
t. man ; ¦ best references. Box 1524, - Call , office.
MEDICA-— Continued.
"PLASTERS belts and liniments at best only
relieve." Do not hesitate to mall 75c in
stamps to Kinney*s Medicine Co., Los An- r .,
geles, for, a bottle of "K. R. K. R." — a pure
distillation from the pine, fir, etc.: not the
balsam, but the essence. Rheumatism, sci-
atica, lumbago, troubles of urinary organs.
DR." AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment Moved from
1228 to 1126 Market st
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
lst; maternity hospital; home for infants free; •
fee low. 906 Market st, opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumron'l is safe & mure; nev<* r falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN, 1007 % Market st. nr. Sixth.
treats ladles "only; relief in all cases taken.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. oppoaite
Union Square: all diseases cared oy nerp:..
ilATKJ.UOAlAU
MARRIAGE bureau: est 1SS7: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 708 Ellis.
MATTKESSE3 AXP HILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 41* Powell
st; tel. Buah 421. , s
Brass, iion beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J. F. Hotter, 712 Mission :tel. Main 730.
— FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machlneiTn_crM-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
SECOND-HAND boilers, engines, pumps, dy- J
names, motors, water pipe, belting bought; %
sold and exchanged. H. S. WHITE. 130-133 T
Beale st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear st
TWO ship anchors with 1 91 -inch chain; one 54-
inch by 1(5 feet boiler with stack and fittings.
o01 California st. { -
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th*
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
FOR SALE — First-class ticket with stopover
privileges to New York and return. Box
1580. Call office.
WOULD like to sell marquise diamond rins.
diamond earrings and diamond pendant; no
dealers. Box 1531. Call office.
WANTED to sell good collection ot postag»
stamps, containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX. 418 Sutter st.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR3, 437 Montgomery st.
FOR- sale — A fresh cow. Inquire 2699 Union
street.
NEW steam beer pump for sale; cheap; also
furniture and carpets. Inquire 1897 Folsom.
$10 — DOMESTIC sewing machine; in good con-
dition.- 1071 Market at. near Ttvelfta.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a flrst-class harness !
shop. B. MAART, Valley Ford, Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (alt
makes). ALEXAND3R & CO.. 110 Montg-y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st^g;
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER - HAMILTON.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN* SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
. bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD &. BRECK, 131 Post st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
I J - BURKE. 139 Beale st
• aUSCELLAXSOliS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also genu'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
I Of flea. 25 Stockton tt.: phone Bush 4S4.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins: .
send postal; will call. Box 49C0. Call office.
1 TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
j theatrical good, 154 9th st: teL Jessie 2S51. .
i Wanted — 2d-hanti electric motors, all sizes, any
j condition. Fartn»worthElectrlcalWks..418Torfc.
V' . MO.VEV TO LOAN.
x^£EKLv>Tiiinn^_rrti^
....$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates* .,
On First and Second Mortgages
........On Life Interests in Estates. .......
Property Being Held in Trust.......
Undivided Interests In Real Estate .
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems ot all sorts and slzaj.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
! ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
I First. «eccnd and third mortgages ....»
(• Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
! Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
1 R. McCOLGAN ...?
.-. ..24 Montgomery st. room 3...
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. <Inc).
I $oCft ttOO at hVi and C per cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate ar.d legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN .
CO. CROCKKR BUI-DING. 1
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first. /
tecond and third mortgages, estates in pro- *
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 18.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc., at lowest rate o£
Interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO., 105 Ellis st, room 10 (Glasgow
block). .
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant avt.. new
Geary at. ; phone- Red 16O3L
HIGHLY respectable private placa to obtain
liberal advances' on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
z lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st. room 38.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removsJ|
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBT.
26 Montgomery st.. room 7. opp. Llcb Houna.
A PRIVATE party loans'any amount on furni-
ture, plane*: no removal: low rates: conflden- j
¦ tl_l. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salarle-1
people on their note,
THE TOUSLEY CO.. ...... 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick:
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage; re-
llable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
ELFVING. 618 Examiner big. : loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent, without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential: open even.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; privat*
party. St, Ann's bldg.. r, Eddy, r. 104, 5th fir.
3% ON furniture & plano3; $15 up; no removal^
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
¦ Mrney leaned salaried people without security.
1 HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE Mills building, will loan sums to
suit: Interest low, also easy payment loans.
1 ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each !
$10CO: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned milarted people on note without
r lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
Btrtctly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st
- LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
; plan. "Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
i MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are now decorating our new warerooma
and hall and must have the room, every piano
: - Is cut to- tbe lowest possible figure. Over 200
1 on our floors, of which the following are a
, few. Rents, $2; Installments, $3, or your
own terms:
" - 1 Boti^ne $47
1 Weber 85
"; 1 Knabe 95
I . 1 Marshall 135
1 1 Haynes 155
. 3 Smith & Barnes. $135 to 240
r 2 Stelnways ; ;.... 265 to 3S5
I 3 Heine 235 to 335
} 2 Chlckertcg ..., 195 and 2SO
10 Hallet & Davis... 185
j HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237
1 Geary st.
. ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
• propositions are offered In the way of prices
. and terms. upon pianos, please bear in mind
*. . . that we cannot only duplicate them, but e_n
¦ offer exceptionally fine piano3 and largest
: Kg assortment of best makes to choose trom.
» SHERMAN.* CLAY & CO.*. Stelnway dealers.
• cor. Kearny and Sutter sta.. S.- F.; Broad-
- ' way and Thirteenth sta.. Oakland.
s ANY piano soid by us taken back any tln*»
' ,. within 2 years and full p>:rchas<> price al-
t flowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
» .price; costs • you only 20e a -day to buy *
piano from us. KOHLEK & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st: established 1S3Q.
\
SAN FRANCISCO CAL_
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner o* Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:3C p. m.
S00 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet; open until »:30 p. m.
315 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
22<J1 M&rket etreet corner Sixteenth; open
tmtil a p. m. /
JOG Eleventh street: open nntll 9 p. m.
J036 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Nortbwert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p.m.
J1EKT1 XC NOTICES. _
MISSION Lodge No. 160, F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _#*_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second J£3»;
degree^ R. E. ALLAN. Secy. <V'
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F.' and A. M.— *
Social meeting .THIS (SATURDAY) IfK.
EVENING at 7::iU o'clock. Third >Zyt
degree. Master Masons are cordially /^r '
invited. By order of the master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secy.
DIKNA forget the St. Andrew's pic- » •»£»¦
nic. Fain ax Park, SATURDAY, 3?n «UU
May B. An excellent programme 1j__yy»
of games and prizes has been ar-
ranged; boats leave Sausalito ferry at 7 and
V:'M a. m. and 12:45 p. m. Tickets, adults,
50c; children. 25c.
JAMES ROLPH JR.. President
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent v^<_^j
Association will hold its 24th annual ©jus*?
excursion at Fernbrook Park, Niles rgSllip !
Canyon, SUNDAY, May ~4. Various <'&£'»
jrames and prizes will be given. A
good time is assure^, to all.
¦ THE COMMITTEE.
"NOTICE of meeting of stockholders lor pur-
pose of voting on Issue of bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
ward building, corner of California and Mont-
gomery sts., San Francisco, Cal. April 2S,
lVKC^-Notice is hereby given that pursuant j
to a resolution of the board of directors of .
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously I
adopted on the 2bth day of April, 1U02, ax a i
regular meeting of said board duly held iu I
the city and county of San Francisco, State |
of California, whereat more than three- J
fourths of tbe directors of saM board were j
present and voted, a meeting of the stock-
holders oi said corporation will be held at
the office and principal place of business of
said corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
HaywanJ building, corner o* Montgomery
and California streets, in the city and county
of San Francisco, State oi California, said
building being the building where the board !
of directors ot said corporation usually meet, \
and said place being the place in said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of July, VJQ2, at 11 o'clock a. m., tor the
object and uurjiose cf then and there con-
sidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness, of said Ar-
sociated Oil Company, in the' sum of five
million dollars, payable in United States gold
coin, and to secure eaid bonded indebtedness
eo proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon or deed of trust of all the property
of said corporation now owned or hereafter
to be acquired by it during the life or term
of Faid mortgage or deed of trust By order
of. the board of directors Associated Oil Com-
' (Seal) By O. SCRIBNER, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from H. L. Clark, in the~
Gold Point mine, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to der>osit tailincs in the dam of the
Golden Xeedle mine in Dry Creek, and from
M. P. Bee vermin the Castello mine, at
Brownsville. Yuba County, to deposit tailings
in Dry Creek, give* notice that a meeting
-sv-ill be held at room 94, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., on May 19, 1902, at 1:30
p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— A meeting of
the rtockho'.ders of the United Crude Oil
Ccmpar.y will be held at the office of the
company, 4 IS Parrott building, in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, May 13, 1902. at 12
«'c!ock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board cf directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
AGI5NTS WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE, energetic party to sell stock
in successful manufacturing business; salary
and commisMon to right party. Apply at 316
McAllister rt.
GOOD energetic man wanted to take outside
position en a first-class trade journal. Box
1C07. Call offic^
AGEN'TS wanted by manufacturing company
in this city; a proposition to right party:
men or women. Apply at 346 McAllister st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. etty.. Examiner building, room
CIS: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
etges. partnerships, attachments, collection*!,
*tc. ; lepal r a P« rs drawn; consultation free;
v.o advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick;quiet;
re charge without success; established 16 yr3.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market **t. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. Sl'J Market st.
L R. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Kt. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
UICVCLES — For Sale or Exehacce.
ALLEN bas some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
:;<:] Larkin tt. arid 305 Market st.
niKDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fitsh, pet stock,
c_£et>, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
lood of all kinds. 154U Market st,bet.Sth&9th.
___________________ ~
::;:5 and 337 Kearny st
ALL KINDS OF BIKDS, DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOOlvS-— NEW AM) OLD.
BOOKS ot all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 194B.
BOOKS, new end old, bought, sold and ex-
changed. W. L. PAXSON. 22 Seventh st
BCSUnSSS CUA.VCES.
A^JSsoT HAMMAM. Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest improve-
ments; first-clats location. See K. G.
WILKE, 26 »i Kearny st
A — ?2500; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
i building; a good business*; daily receipts
8 tout $75. or owner will lake honest man
tor partner. Call U. G. WILKE, 26'^ KearSy.
A— $100; CORNER saloon on Montgomery st;
rent Sj>23; owner must sell at once as family
a Hairs call him East. K. G. WILKE, •.tj'.A
Jitarny fet.
A— Jf'd&u; SALOON in wholesale district: rent
$•_: «0; place is establ. for many years and
doing a goud paying business; only reason
for tale uartners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 201$. Kearuy.
A— £2000; HARDWARE, cutlery and tool
store doing a large business; location first
class; rent low; stock v/ill invoice the price,
or party willing to take stock. Call K. G.
¦VILKt. 26% Kearny et '
A — $G50; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
store; no better location in this city; living
rooms; a good paying business. Call It G.
WILKE. 'M l /i Keurny et
A ilAUK chance for lively and honest man'
the whole or half interest in old established
ealoon; in nn-i-class location; price $S0O.
Particulars It. G. WILKE, 2«V£ Kearny st
. A — $2500; CORNEli saloon on Montgomery
Bt ; established for years and known as first
clatss pay ins proposition; rent $175; return
rent $W: investigate at once; rare chance
R. G. WILKE, 'MVi Kearny st
A — $1100; COR. trocery and bar, with living
rooms and bath, in best location of the Mis-
sion; rent $45; a good paying business. Cal!
K. G. WILKE. 2CV6 Ke_rny at.
A— $1500; SALOON, few doors from Markei
et.: firet-claes paying; established years; reni
$45: elegant fixtures; large stock. Call R
G. WILK1", 2d'A Kearny st.
A — $4200; DAIRY' produce, delicatessen and ta
male deoot. clearinc 5400 per month; ren
" *130; no better Investment in any kind o
buElne«s. Call R. G. WILJtE. 20«A Kearny
TH E inventor of a new and rapid Drocess •©
separating pold from dry places, without th
xibe \of water, desires to Interest some on
with ¦ capital in order to place the same oi
the market; its value can b« seen at one
by any practical msn. TOMLINSON _ CO.
103 Ellis st, room 30.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands an<
many other business chances for sale; als
city and country real" estate for sale o
exchange. Call fcr write for our free Hs1
HEALY & CARR. S27 Market JEt, room 20t
$350 — RESTAURANT, centrally located; ren
$30; dally receipts $22 to $25; trial allowed
sells at sacrifice on account of other bus!
ness. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st..
HOTEL 27 rooms, completely furnished an
property in one cf the best business . towni
• - 20 miles from city; -will clear ?230 per month
price $5000; terms to cult Particulars I. C
SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st " *-
A — $150; PARTNER wanted; suited to plalr
steady young man satisfied with $15 to $2
a week; no previous experience required
short hours. 25 Geary Bt. room 1. '-. •
Af-30 cigar stands; prices, $75 to $2000; rent
JO to $125 monthly; profits, $2 to $7 dailj
HEDGES. 401-4C2 Parrott bldj., £23 Markei
_nKJSP^^AKTJEli^VEMAl.E-—Con.^
GIRLS ABOUT ~16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
- .¦ . V ¦ . . - - .- _____ .. . . I -
..FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.," 32% FREMONT
.ST.; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — 5 girls to learn hairdressing, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting;- private customers. assure $50'
to $76 per month: day and - evening clais.
College. 233 Geary «t. room'- 13-15.
OPERATORS ;" and girls to learn. Standard
Shirt ' Factory, s corner Gough and Grove sts.
: - -- : - ; ¦-',' - '¦"'¦"¦--""• -¦-.•'"• \ •
Halrdressing, massage, manicuring, 1 bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks,,$5. Coilege.1238
Market, rm. 94:. splendid position: day. eve.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
*•: CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. " N. WOOD &
CO. I Apply at factory, ' 27 ' Geary st.
A NEAT girl for second work and sewing. 1180
O'Farrell st. . , %
AN operator on pants; steady work. 36 Geary
. st, room 33. • . ' •'
WANTED-^-Experienced Fhirtmakers. EAG-
LESON _ CO.. 635 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore tt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has: been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. ... „
HELI- WA-N'A'KJJ MALK.
MURRAY & READY....... Phone Main 5diS
..Leading Employment " and Labor Agents..
: .634-630 Clay st. ..............
Office fee $1.........
. .... ...3000 RAILROAD MEN
300 teamsters, Nevada $2 25 to $2 50 day
600 rockmen, Nevada. ....... $2 50 to $3 day
500 laborers, Nesrada $2 day
-Free tare Ship morning and night
. i^-.yr.... Santa Fe Co.'s own work...
75>Iaborers to work in section; steel ballast
'gangs on Santa Fe R. R. Co.'s work
Free f are . .... . .Ship morning an*-atternoon
.... . v: . . . MECHANICAL HELP ..........
' Carpenters Engineers
2 hoisting and stationary engineers, see boss
here 7. i $80; freeware
¦2 carpenters, fare 25c, 8 hours' work, $3 50
day; 6 carpenters, city, $3 day; 6 carpenters,
city, $3 50; 2 rough carpenters; blacksmith,'
country shop, $3 day; blacksmith, camp,
city, $75; 4 blacksmiths, other jobs; 3 car-
. riage painters, country, $3 day; sticker hand,
¦ planing mill, city; 4 cut-off sawyers; 10 box-
' makers, city jobs . . '. '• • • • •
...MINES— BRICKYARDS
V. . Laborers ••
3 miners, good mine, north, $75; 4 miners,
south, $55 and found; 15 laborers, mine, $42
.and tound; 5 laborers, north, mine, $b0; 3
brick molders, mine company, "$75; 3 brick
setters, $75; 2 kiln burners, $75; 10 laborers,
brick yard, $60; 10 laborers, surface work
for mine, $30 and found; 20 laborers, city
work. $42 and found; 15 laborers. $1 75 day;
5 laborers, San Matco County, $34 and found;
10 laborers. Napa County, $34 and found; 5
laborers, $60. •
MISCELLANEOUS
Grocery clerk, country store, near city, call
early; 3 boys, city factory, $1 25 day; boy
•for surveyor's pi-fice; 3 stablemen; 2 buggy
washers : stableman, country livery - stable,
south, $30.
75 farmers for fruit farms and vineyards,
$26 to $32 50 and found; 20 Eastern farmers,
$26 and $30; 3 haymakers, $32 60 and found;
175 farm hands, hay and grain ranches, $26
to $40 and found; 15 choremen. city and
country, $25 $30, $35 and ..found; 10 chore
boys, city and country, $10, $15, $20 and
found; 89 milkers, city and country dairies,
$30 to $40 and found r •"•
T. .......... MARRIED HELP :
Man and wife, country place. Santa Clara .
County. $40 and found; farmer and wife. :
Yuba County, $40 and found: choreman and
wife fare $2 50, $45 and found; farmer and
wife ?35 and found; married stableman,
country livery stable. $40 and house :.
;.... SAWMILLS
WOOD .....r........ ...-•• YARDS
125 laborers, no experience. required, to work
in mills, yards and woods, $30 to $i5 and
found; cut-off sawyer, shingle mill, $35 and
• found: shingle packer, mill 25,000 capacity*.
$35 and found: gang edgerman.. $4a; sniper.
woods, $75 and found'...
..* HOTELS, ETC :..-
' Cook for "hotel. Arizona, fare paid, $50 and
found; cook for Nevada, $50; 13. other cooks,
$30 to $55 and found; 22 waiters; 2< kitchen
v * hands; butcher and drive wagon, city, $1-
week; butcher, small country shop; laundry
man, small Institution, no women and chil-
dren's work, $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st. • ~ ¦
4 CAR repairers; carpenters for steady work;,
tinsmith, $2 75 day; blacksmith helper, $2
day; boy for factory, $6 week and increase;
carpenter. $3 50 day; wagon maker, $3 day;
carriage blacksmith, woodworkers and paint-
ers; edgerman, country mill. $3 day; bench
hand, country mill, $3 day: young man with
some experience in blacksmith shop,- $1 day
and increase; circular sawyer for small mill,
$2 50 and board, and others: ranch black-
smith, $40. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento Bt. v ;
CHEESE maker and wife. $40; 3 fruit farm-
ers and wives, $40 and ?50; man and wife;
private family, ?55 to $60 and found: milk-
ers for Monterey, San Joaquln and Mendo-
£tno counties, ?30 and found;" farmers, $23
and $30 and found; man for resort, Santa
Clara Co., ?30 and found; man about place,
$25 and found; 'choreman for ranch, $25" and
found; laborers for mill and woods; miners;
lumber pliers, $60: woodsmen. , and others.
J. F.' CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT cook, $70; hotel cook. $50, and
dishwasher, same place, ?20 and found; 2
cooks for men, $49 and found; hotel steward,
$40; hotel and boarding house waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. x ' - . . -
AN ' errand boy for this office. J. F. CROS-
ETT. 334 ; Sutter st. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush St.
New Railroad Work
FOR NEVADA . . . .'
2000 teamsters and laborers.. $2 to $2 25 day
100 concrete laborers. ...... .$2 to $2 25 day
'100 rockmen...... ..$2 25 day
...... . .FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
500 tunnel men, machine men, drillers and
muckers for 3 new tunnels — .$2 to $3 day
500 outside laborers, same place.. $1 75 day
Ship Daily
Free Fare... Free Fare. ...:.. Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ....429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 ' Stockton st — Cook for
plain French restaurant, $60; assistant cook,
' $25; 2 dishwashers, country hotels, $15 and
$20; 'waiter, nice country place, $25; waiter,
- coffee house, $40; •. 2 dishwashers, city, $8
to $7 a week: farm hand (2-horse teamster);
Sonoma Co., $25: elevator boy,. $15; gardener
: for institution, $25. ¦' ' .- t . - •
A — HEAD waiter, for summer resort, $50.
MRS. M..E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men, between ages of 21 ard 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
¦ perate habits, who can speak, read a-rtd write
English.- For information apply to Recrult-
' . Ing . Officer, 121 . New .Mongomery st. San
Francisco,- or Masonic building, Sacramento.
WANTED — A bright young man from 18 to
-20 years of age to learn the dry goods. busi-
ness. A'iply between 8 and li a. rn. at
HALE BROS.
RELIABLE man with $125 to Invest In an old-
established business that will pay him $65 a
i, month;- no experience required: light vcrk.
Apply at 765 Market St., room 3.
WANTED^— First-class chef cook; cooks; wait-
ers; porters; kitchen help; no fee. 526
Montgomery st..' rooml. ', .
COMPETENT assayer; 3 yrs.' experience: well
, recommended : must furnish -.1 blanket and
[ start with $13 G5 mo. and f d. Box 1550, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS foreman wanted for 'coat' de-
. partment; good. steady position to the right
y party ; good wages. "D. J.B., box 1711, Call.
WANTED in a wholesale house — Strong Fln-
1 gle man for second porter's work.- Address
with references, W. Y. S., box 1005, , Call.'
WANTED — Man with $.200* for candy store; at-
¦ tend cash; no- experience required; , $70* mo.
BROWN & CO... 1221 Market st, upstairs.
WANTED— Good barber "for 'to-day and • Sun-
day; 10c Bhop;. wages $5." Apply 1033 Kearny.
WANTED — A . good barber for Saturday and
1 Sunday. ' Apply 1303 Castro Bt.;.- .
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $3; if suit-
able steady. 322 Grant ave. - .
BARBER wanted for Saturday! v 623 Clay st. -
BARBER; 2 or 3 yearsat business; steadj
;¦ place; state, wages. Box 1547, Call .office.
CASH boys with references. ' Call at LIV-
INGSTON BROS.. -123 Post st. : !• < -
WANTED— Experienced - - planten -pressman.
Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741 Market
WANTED — Two good •> coopers - for maklnt
;kegs. "Apply. JOHN OCHSNER. Sacramerto
'.WANTED — Driver at once.y Apply HOWLANf
" & SMITH,, Ninth and Washington st, Oakld
WANTED — Neat j cash boys -. aft j once. - Applj
; superintendent's ¦ office, - The ' ynporium.
DISHWASHER" wanted.; 204 Sixth «t. ""-•
SECOND cook wanted.: 123 Slx_h st '
RESTAURANT waiter, $9 week. 611 , Mont
..; gomeryiBt. J :W,-; > *. ' _ •_. ¦ . ».
A GOOD bargain; cigar stand In good locaUoi
. jfor sale at invoice; $50 required. 257, Fourth
YOUNCTclerk • for 'grocery and' bar: references
•Box 1602. Call. 7 ; , -s-. ;_.-;•
EMPLOYMENT /WANTED— MAMg.V
MAN and wife want positions In country hotel,
resort or springs; .wife -experienced waitress >
or chambermaid;. 'man as' porter and "all-
round work.- Address box • 1548, Call - office.
4.N experienced . shoe man wants ; position in
country as manager or salesman; references;
Nolan, Hewes. George & Earl,' 318 Market.
~ S. . F. Add. ¦ J. M. • JONES, care above .firm.
INTELLIGENT young - man ! to work morning "
and, evening for. home; understands all kinds
of work. . Box 1712, Call office. . .
3ITUATIQN wanted man about place to make
himself useful ; can milk and take care of
' horses: city or country. 1 Please call or ad- ¦
dress 8. LAUX, 26 Turk St.* Park Hotel."
K YOUNG man having practical knowledge of <
electrical engineering . wants situation with
electric light j or power - company ; wages : no
object. Address A. Z4 ' box 1544, ; Call office.
A. ' COMPETENT, reliable man .wishes a posi-
tion to take care of horses or garden; careful
driver; can take care of stable; references.
T. S., 2C9 Shipley st.--,:-- . . ,. " ¦ -;
COMPETENT experienced traveling salesman
wants position; liquors or tobacco preferred.
Box lG95._CaU office. :- -
A BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096'
Valencia at. , .' . . ¦ ¦
"¦¦¦'.•--- :' KINANCIAL.'.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
s.t!on to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
American plan;:send for the "Pacific States
•Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities .for investors
to come in on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Paeiflo
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st. ; established 1892. " •>••;-. - /. - .
I FLATS TO LET.
EIGHTEENTH. 4543, nTar~CT_ra ave/— Upper
sunny flat 5 rooms and bath; modern im-
provements. * .. ... ;. ¦-.,-
UPPER flat S rooms, bath, modern: 2017 Sac-
ramento: low rent. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Mont-
. gomery st. '- ¦¦¦• \
CHEAP new flats; 1848-50 McAllister; all mod-
ern improvements. .. Apply G. H. UMBSEN
---& CO.. 14 Montgomery St., '. ¦-.
MODERN flat, C rooms, bath; yard; basement;
reasonable. 1933 O'Farrell st.
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, 'bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Owner. 2134 Pine.
flats to; let— furnish tat>.
MODERN 8-room furnished flat to rent or fur-
niture for sale on easy payments If necessary.
Apply from 4 to 6 p. m. at 1028 Ellis st.
COMPLETELY furnished upper floor, 3 sunny
rooms and bath; adults. 2110 Baker st. ,
FURNISHED flat, flrst-class condition; cheap.
4131 Eighteenth st., near Castro.
SUNNY corner 5 rooins; rent $10; furniture for
sale cheap. 98 Cumberland, bet, lfrth & 20th.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517—4 rms.; bath;gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
POLK. 1002— Flats of 2 to 5 rooms for house-
keeping; complete. ~ \
-JT-^^- T ____ B FOIt SALB -
* ROOMS furnished In oak,~$48 60, with No/ 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
816 ELLIS; furniture of 3 rooms; piano, sewing
machine, etc.; price $300. Call and see.
FURNITURE W ANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for CO days: special
reasons. S. J. WAUQH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
7 GLOVES. ' -¦ -_ ¦¦
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best in the world;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WA.STJbJIJ — KEMALE.
AT C. R. HAN^EN^^C^O.'s77rrrr42T_usirs"t
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .. ...
Head waitress, 'commercial hotel $30
2 waitresses, summer resort $20
¦ 2. fancy ironers, summer resort $30
Mangle— i-irl, city- $20
Shaker-out, laundry, experience not neces-.
pary ; J. .....$20
Waitress, small hotel, country $25
2 chambermaids, city $18-$20
• • FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and, second girl, American family,
Oakland, see party here 11 o'clock, $35-$25;
ranch cook, $_>, fare uald; houseglrl, Mar-
tinez, $20; cooks. houseKlrls, • second girls,
nursegirls. city and country. $10-$30
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ........ .429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.)
MRS. M. E.' DAY. .'...'..Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Head waitress, $35; head waitress. $30; 2
- waitresses, ' same hotel, city, $25, board and
room; waitress, resort, $25 and found; wait-
ress, light work, restaurant, near city, $20
and room ; 1(> waitresses, ; commercial and
city hotels, $20, $25; 4 chambermaids to I
wait, $20 and $25
..7: . FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Choice positions for .flrst-class reliable help,
city and country, best wages,. ...;...
MRS. M. E. DAY........ ....335 Geary st:
WANTED — Laundress, $30; 4 cooks. $30;' 6
second girls, $1:5; cook, San Mateo, 2 In fam-
vily, $30; 20 hotel and restaurant waitresses,
$20, $25; 2 nursegirls, $15. $20; 10 chamber-
maids, wait one meal. - $20; 40 housework
Eirls, little washing, $25, $30;. 90 girls for all
kinds of housework, city and country, places
' too numerous to advertise. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A WAITRESS, . boarding-house, $30; second
girl, $30; cook, $30; woman with a child, $20
to $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE ANDPAYWHILB
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI BTRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
6T,; MR. DAVIS. \. ''.'¦
WANTED — Experienced girl, second work and
, waiting, . with good . city references. Call at
. 2619 - Buchanaiv^st,* • corner Broadway, after
9 a. m. ; good wages.
WANTED — Trustworthy, reliable and compe-
¦ tent woman to take full charge of small cigar
I factory and Btore ; good wages to right party.
Call at, 818 Kearny st. room 1.
NEAT reliable girl for'general housework and
cooking; small family; apply between 8 and
11 a.. m. 2116 California st. •
| SAN • RAJAEL young lady to assist in famiiy
of 4; no washing: salary $15; must, be Pro-
testant. Box 15C3. Call. ;<;•¦¦,'
AN experienced nurse girl,- light second work,
$15 a month; not over 30 years. Apply 233
Third ave. ; Sutter-st. cars. s ._ -
WANTED— Girls to fold shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO., 20 and 31 Battery st. *
EXPERIENCED operators- on lidies' under-
.. wear. 656. Mission st, third flobr. ¦
EXPERIENCED .operators on ladles' over
skirts; good pay.: 056 Mission st, third floor.
I EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
I good pay. 656 Mission St., third floor. .- ,*
EXPERIENCED ironer, C50 Mission st. third
floor. ... • -^' \
WOMAN or man for dishwashing or kitchen
work by, the day. 3204 Fulton st.
GIRL for general housework. Call at 7 Chen-
: ; ery st, off : Thirtieths - ; :'. '- ¦- .-: '¦ .
j WANTED — Girl <to care for baby;'. references.
10% Walter st, 13th & 14th, Sanchez & Noe.
• PANTS finishers; good pay. . Royal Pants" Co.,
| .-223 Kearny Et. '¦ ~ " ' ¦ \-
WANTED— Young girl. 15 or 16 years; light
housework and help in bakery. 635 Castro st.
i WANTED— Waitress; , $15 and , found. 2021
I Folsom st. ' j ¦ ,' '¦' '¦'¦'¦
i YOUNG girl to assist- very light housework;
-'.good home; $7 month. .'; 305 Devlsadero st: --....
HANDS wanted on ladles' oversklrts to take
, work home. C56 Mission st..- third floor.
OPERATORS. on ladles'. wash skirts to work In
factory; good - pay. •-- 656 Mission ; st, 3d floor.
i GIRL for light housework and assist • with ln-
1 fantv 1008 Flllmore st .V- -. >" ¦¦ . •-.- . .:
, GIRL •, for general S housework and assist . In
j bakery; German preferred. 8116 Sixteenth Bt.
| WAITRESS wanted; hours 11 a. m. to 8 p. m. ;
I " good pay/. 631 Clay^st. ¦"-:* • ' ' 7 '¦ '
FIRST-CLASS cook: for delicatessen store; ref-
¦; erence;j$40. . 619 . Larkin st. ...
IF. you wish-. to marry desirable gentlemen ; call
'.or write Mrs.' Hertz, 706 Kills st.; no charges:
WANTED^-Experlenced - saleslady. Apply "be-
i tween 8 and 11 a. m.'at HALE BROS. . ;
EXPERIENCED operator on t gent's ! custom
"and stock shirts. Rogerson's, 635 Valencia- st.
GIRIi for* general housework;. wages $20. Call
y. 1317i Caroline st.;" Alameda. .,•',-. r- ?.-;:... -._u'>\:
I A CATHOLIC -girl ¦'- 1 or ¦ general housework;
S small family in 'Alameda r must 'furnish ref-
' erencea;? wages $20. ,7 Box! 1502, Call. ;.»¦« : ' r.
. GIRL' attending school wanted to run errands
r for good : home -In refined ¦¦family.' lGlO 1^
.v-7 Bush ¦; st. .'.-:.¦¦• r 'v,'-, ¦*.'., .'.-;.¦':."->:. ¦'.-- • *' ¦¦ : r ::-
r. A ; YOUNG girl to assist with , two children; a
good home. Call at 3953 25th et. nr. Church.
for summer
BUSINESS /CHAKCES — Continued.
A— *550— BRANCH bakery, variety store; 4
rms; rent $14; full value. Strand. 209 Kearny.
A— $323— COFFEE and chop house; receipts $20
day ; . rent $18 ; bargain. Strand. 209 Kearny.
A — $575 — DELICACY^ store; receipts $10 day;
rent $15; bargain. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A — $175 — BARBER shop. 3 chairs; clears $30
week; 3 rooms. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A — $750— HOTEL and bar; 12 furnished rooms;
clears $150 month. 'STRAND. 209 Kearr.y st.
A— $125— FRUIT store; rent $11 50; receipts
about $12 day; bargain. Strand. 209 Kearny.
ARE you looking for the best interest on your
money? We have the best proposition ever
offered to the public, where there is no risk
#nd your money is always _t your disposal
and will draw an average of over 4 per cent
per week. Just think of it; more than you
get In the bank In one year. We invite you
all to our office where we will give you full
particulars. Remember you can Invest from
$10 up. AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE AS-
SOCIATION, suite C15, Emma Spreckels
building, treasurer's department; open even-
lngs 7 to 8. ¦ . .
FOR sale — East of Haywards: a Junction house
consisting of 9 rooms, stock of liquors; also
large cellar, 1 acre of land with large barn,
chicken house afid other outbuildings; all in
good condition; windmill, tank and large well
of good water. For particulars apply SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN, 322 to 332 Sansome
st, S. F., or at premises, D. H. VAGTS,
Haywards. Alameda County, Cal.
$250 — ONE-HALF of the best day trade saloon
in mercantile district for sober and Indus-
trious man. Particulars 257 Fourth st.
! LADY partner wanted; half Interest;, light
! agreeable business; exorbitant profits; strictly
business and confidential. Box 1549, Call.
PAYING hardware and ship store: good,' clean
- stock; can be bought on easy 'terms; make
* offer; no agents. Apply 16 Folsom st
FOR Sale — A fine barber outfit, including 2
French plate mirrors. 4x2; price $30. 828
San Pablo ave.. Oakland. "
FOR SALE — A good paying fruit store. Cor-
j ner Buchanan and O'Farrell. 1459 Buchanan.
I WELL established tobacco and cigar store; llv-
j ing rooms; rent $13; must eell. 140 First st
I ¦'
i LOPGING-UO-SES FOIt SALE.
i ANY house sold on monthly payments.
CALL FOR OUK LARGE LIST.
100 rooms; elegant; modern, investlgate.$20,000
65 rooms; corner; a bargain 8,000 i
40 rooms; central; clears $250 7.. 3,500
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms 1,700
25 rooms; long lease; payments 2,400
8 rooms; downtown; clears $60 ....... 650
25 rooms; rent $30; income $85; only.. 225
9 rooms; corner; very good 375
7 rooms; snap; Geary st.. 200
12 rooms; Mason et.; clears $70 ' 700
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
- Rms. 7-8, 906 Market St., cor. Ellis, upstairs.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
" 850 Market ct. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
I you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
j flats, all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
j SPECIAL SALES THIS WEEK.
16 r.; rent $30; rms. sunny: good loc.& fur.$600
11 r.; rent $50; Al loc.; hardwood fur... 350
36 r.; fine loc: 45 boarders; clears $200.. 3500
_- . Money loaned, 1% per cent :, ¦
GOOD transient house; new furniture. .. .$1600
86 rms. : mechanics' hotel : man and wife • 750
100 rooms.; country; transient; low rent. -6500
300 rooms: corner house: for men 5000
¦1 60 rooms: offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only 565: terms. 1400
I 40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
; Mcney loaned at 1 per cent
I Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms,
j EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
: MITCHELL i HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st
i We have rooming-houses all sizes and
j prices, in all parts of the city.
¦ 11 rooms; good location: Al furnished.. $850
20 rooms: sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
IS rooms; rent $37 50; make offer ... 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
,850 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281..
Reliable dealers' in rooming-houses, hotels,
- business chances and real estate.
x We furnish vacant houses and
/ Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. «*
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered in lodging-houses
during the present -week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
: 017 Market st. (uostairs). bet 5th & 6th sts.
j Buyers, notice above announcement and
; call at his office before you buy a house.
! $650 — 10 ROOMS; Mason St.; nets $50.
SI SO — 7 rooms; 3d st; $80 cash.
SCSO^ — 15 roms; Market; good payer. ¦ ; >
$375 — 20 rms. ; Jackson; good mechanics' house.
$1300 — 21 rooms; Kearny; snap^-feay-windows.
And 60 more houses; honest trade.
Inquire at McBRIDE & CO.'S. 76S Market.
A^ Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan. ¦
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn,; rent $55..$S50 :
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture.. 550
11 rooms; housekeeping: rent $32 COO
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HEALY & CARR, 927 Market st, room 208. !
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart -
i ment house call on us; we can suit you.
j 1»OMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis st, room 10
i (Glafcow block). _^ .
I N ATOM A, 217, near Third. 2 blocks from Call
j — 2 flats, completely furnished, 5 rooms each,
I all light, clean: gas; bath; large yard; a
: barzaln; rent S32.
! $175 — House of 20 well furn. rms.; clears easily
I $75 mo.: great bargain; acc't sickness; don't
miss this bargain. Strand & Co., 209 Kearny.
$300 — FINELY furnished house, 8 rooms and
bath; a bargain. 5% Polk st, near Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tbe
United States or Canada one year for $1. ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face;eeance
Tues., Frl., Sun., 8 p. m.; 60c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. meium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell-Bt: E11U car.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak, circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; reading dally.
KATIE HEUSSMANN sittings resumed at 1774
Fifteenth st, near Guerrero.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
i habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market '.
[ EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thura.
i FRIENDSHIP Hall. :»5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
! • Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 103.
clairvoyants.
\ mmeTeTbernard! ~"~ — ~-
the famous
, i Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
j located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bids.
Fhe r*>ads your life correctly, gives an accurate
• description of the past, reveals ths present hap-
1 penlngs and portrays events to occur in the fu-
; ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
, happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
, love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
¦ them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life: 25c
' up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
\ A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently located HOi Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
; 6 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
I in person: 3 questions answered, $1; full life,
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
' MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
¦ medium. Is permanently located at 120(5 Mar-
- ket Et, cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
1 2C; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send Ftamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Punday.
• MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
: reader, born with double veil — second sight;
1 diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles SOc.
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. tlSO. 126 Turk.
\ A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l;"10 a; m." to 8 p. m.
Z ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
. -of the Northwest: locates mines, unites sepa-
t rated, finds treas.'1016 Market, parlors 8-9.
• YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
~ t I tell comes true; send dime arid birth date,
e PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
' j MME. WALTMAN— Readings daily. 10 a. m.
n . to 8 p. m. ; circles Tuesdays, Thursdays and
e ' Saturday, 8 p. m. 2C5 Turk et.; ground floor.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
- advice: names given; 25c up. 8 Fourth st
d A — Mrs. Melvlll. wonderful clairvoyant, water
® reader. 11 6«.h: German spoken;- hours, 9 to 9.
ir ; ¦
L MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader, palmls
i. try; truth or no pay. 26V4 Kearny. room\ 2
it CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana
[; only 10c; from 1 to 8. 202 Minna St., nr. 4th
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leave:
- read accurately; L. 25c. G. 00c. 621 % Eddy
g LINCOLN — Clairvoyant i and high psychlst
,'• hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st
-• HAVE you been to see that wonderfully gifted
« life reader at 1035 Market st? '
h MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladlri
j 1 : 28c. gents 50c; reading- dally. 132 Sixth st
_ COLLECTION OFFICES.
r- GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— OMo^cnarr*
t unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st
JTRLP VTA MA T.K— -/~«»-. )
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st., near Call bldg., phone Bush 405.
. RAILROAD. LABORERS
FREE FARE.. . ..'••'¦ FKEE FARE
ICO teamsters, Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers ...$2 25 day
60 concrete men. $2 2a day
SHIP DAILY.
V ; \ FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill ' hands and men for lumber woods,
$30 to $C5 month and board, fare advanced.
, 20 railroad laborers.... $30 per mo. and board
N Edgerman? .: .'.... "....$3 per day
10 lumber pliers and loaders.... ...52 per day
Men on log deck. ;. .$2 25 per day
Men on Jump saw.. $2 per day
4 woodsmen. $40 to $50 per mfnth and board
4 lumber pliers .........$60 per month
Man and wife, restaurant, city, man to
cook,. wife to care for dishes, $50 per mo.
Cook, country hotel, fare paid.. $50 per mo.
4 milkers, 25 cows $30 and $35 per month
¦ Man and wife, small hotel, country, man
' to cook, wife to wait, see boss here, fare
paid $65 to $70 per month
Dining-room porter, city'. .... .$15 and found
WANTED— Young man who fs an experiencea
\ dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 ana 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' ;
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class domestic salesman Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROa.
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men' to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo. ; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. 1 Apply T. -W. Griffin, daily from 2
to 4 p. m.. except Sunday, St^ Nicholas Hotel.
room 237. 1C00 Market st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches "and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
! further Information apply at the Recruiting
. Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. ' }
I WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkiiv Reno House proprietor, still
! runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Boy of about 18 years, mechanical-
ly inclined, to learn good trade; one who has
had some experience around machinery pre-
f erred. W. F. C. box 1546, Call office.
BARBER shop and bathrooms in Vallejo, doing
a good business; cost $1000: to be sold at
once at a bargain. Apply JOS. R. BLEILY,
Cor.-FIn. secretary J. B. I. W., 927 Market
MEN to learn j barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
OFFICE boy about 15 In wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
CUTTER and marker on overalls and pants:
must be thoroughly experienced; steady posi-
tion; references required.' Box 1545, Call.
' BARBERS— Rare chance; must be sold; 2-chair
barber shop In country at bargain. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
AN experienced salesman for billiard business.
Box 1581. Call office.
BAILORS wanted. For a square deal go to
LANE'S, 504 Davis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Gentlemen for theatrical business:
experience not neces. 1015 Linden. Oakland.
BARBERS — Barber shop; must be sold this
week; rent cheap. 1220 Market st.. Oakland.
WANTED— Solicitor. Call at 1322 Pacific st,
between 8 and 10 a. m.
j 2 BARBER chairs and pole for sale; cheap. 17
Rues Et.. flat 8. f
{ COATMAKERS and bushelmen , for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tul-
tlon. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st
I SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
j Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. •
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 5C3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d-sts.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bull is, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R,
i ¦ . — ... i
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes, I
50c up; •soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th. ]
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half j
I price. S03 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions has been established at 1096 !
Valencia at. . . . , . j
" . -^HOUSES AND WAGONS. ~ 7 ~~
JUST. arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
j die horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; weli-
! matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
! see them at Occidental Horse Exchange 246
j Third st. WM. G>LAYNG, proprietor.
i A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st: also buggies, wagon3, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J." DOYLE, Auctioneer.
i FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
I several fine road and business horst-s, new
j buggies and harness. 1409 Market, ccr. 11th,
i —-^-_-_-_— ———__— —-___—__
! San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
' slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
! M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
i GOOD driving and work horse, weight 1100
pounds, price $40. Apply 238 Fulton st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. . EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness, work, driving horses. • loth& Valencia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES ¦ TO I.ET. ___-.__
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. . . •, '
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner st,
near Ellis. ¦ ' ¦ ¦-..-•
HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent — Teutonia Hall. 1332 Howard st, bet
9th and 10th; for a term of years; barroom,
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address F.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.
; HYPNOTISM.
. PROF. GOLDBERG," phrenologist, hypnotist;'
guarantees teach these sciences in 4 lessons,
.$20; past, future revealed $1. 9 Powell, rm. 6.
INVEST3IENTS. ~
• THE Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st.
I S. F. Call or write for particulars.
! LOST AND FOUND. - ¦- .-
i LOST — Boston (bull) terrier; Market street;
Friday,. afternoon: brlndle color; crooked tall;
" .silver mounted collar; name* Sir Montez*
• liberal reward. Return to W. B. SINK Jr
; 903 Oak st, Oakland; notify by telegraph.
THURSDAY— At Presidio; black~pocket-bock"
containing $2 or $3; gold ring; diamond" set
button. Return drugstore, 25th and Valen-
1 cia sts. ; reward. ....
LOST C in the Park, May 1, green enamal
brooch. . Return to 1427 Webster st. and re-
" celve reward. .
IN G..G. Park; black leather purse; $15 gold*
- some silver; certificate of "Old Home" rain-
I Ing stock. Return to Call; reward.
. LOST— An ear screw, emerald, set with small
- diamonds. Finder will receive vjlberal re-
¦ . ¦ ward r by returning to 508 Devlsadero st -
•I 1 " 0 - 1 rrle^ bltch ' ™«th tag. numbered
349 °: reward. Return 595 Geary st \,
s LOST— In Fischer's Theater, Thursday matinee
lady s green leather purse ' containing about
$10 and keys. Finder return to cashier Call
- . office and receive reward.
; LOST— Angola nugget, bracelet, between Call-
- fcrnla Theater and Post st; $10 reward. Re-
- turn 201 Shotwellst, near Sixteenth.
i LOST— April 26, small black dog; long hair
• L^c^^^ a rewa r r\l 3 l^llsT°^
1T • wl Hr Pay t0 " R emember" that the Califor-
nia. Watch Case,Cc 220 Sutter st" needs old
- gold and silver to make new watch cases.
" ! MEDICAL. '•',:.
- A-DR O'DONNELL, world-renowned special.
_ 1st— Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble
( consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
; rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In 'aM
g cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
K have relieved . thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
y ,\ of a delicate nature. ¦ Dr. G. W CDON-
L . NELL, office fe residence. 1018 Mkt., op. 8th.
r .'¦: MRS. • D. KOriL— Well-known reliable ladles 1
specialist; instant- relief guaranteed; home in
- , confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 1008% Market st," opposite Oth st
- MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladies' special-
, Ut. 30 years' experience. ' removed to 1008^4
_.¦ .. Market st.; opp. 6th; hours 9 to 5 and 7. to 8.
: " MRS. SWEET.: 606 Guerrero st. near • 13th—
;. Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 23
n years experience in midwifery cases; takes
i. ; ladies before and during confinement; best
- . :rcotherly care; Infants adopted; confinements
J. . $15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
• I ¦ fore going elsewhere.' Phone Blue 411-¦ NEVADA CITY, : May 2.— During a ; fire
at Allen's ¦ foundry: this evening,' Fireman
Al-K.' Snell of the Pennsylvania Company
was seriously ¦ in jured.-X Snell , was . ascend
ing a ladder, when; it \ broke* in .two, pre
cipitating : him • to " the ground, - fifteen .feet
below. . He h struck" on ra fplle'of .' wooden
moldings:.; ¦= .... V^V-k -"-U.
Ladder Breaks With ; Fireman
VICTORIA, B. ,C, - May 2.-A fresh
breeze brought home to-day 'the first of
the fleet of, sealing schooners which have
be^n hunting' off tho coast' of California
Oregon, Washington and British Colum
bia. They t bring reports from -twelve of
the? twenty-nine, schooners. /The average
catch is'but'*118 skins,' as against- 226 last
year- If Is said. that the schooner which
went ; farthest north secured " the -most
skins. .¦-'-•¦ \ •;.,' ¦. . ..-.'• ¦-,'.'¦ ?'-l.'. ¦'.". ,-.-¦
Sealers Make ' Light Catches.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1300 Bst & Bel... 27 400 Ophir 175
200 Chollar 16 2C0 Ophir 180
200 C C & Va..l 57% 300 Overman 23
200 C C & Va. .1 62% 1200 Overman 22 "
200 C C & Va 160 800 Potosl 27
200 Mexican 60 500 Savage ...:..• 14
20O Mexican ..... 59 600 Savage ..27
100 Ophir 190 400 Savage .; 20.
100 Ophir . ..185 500 Union Con... 27
200 Ophir .....1 77%
Afternoon Session
400 Best & Bel... 28 230 Occidental 12
400 Best & Bel... 27 200 Ophtr 2 CO
300 Caledonia ... 5.1 200 Op Mr 105
200 Caledonia ..; 51- .500 Overman .... 25
200 Caledonia ... 60 .200 Overman ..... 2%
500 Challenge ... 18 600 Potoai.... . . 23
500 Chollar ...... 18 3CO Potcsi 27
250 C C & Va 1 70 600 Potosi ' 26
200 C C & Va 1 «5 S0O Savage ...... 1«
150 C C & Va..l 62% 200 Savage 15
600 Gould & Cur.. 19 £00 Savage 14
600 Justice: Ort 3CO Sierra Nev... 30
2C0 Mexican ..... 64 300 Union Con... 30
600 Mexican 63 300 Union Con... 2S
SOO Occidental ... 13
Morning Session
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday 1 . \
100 Best & Bel... 26 600 Mexican . 59
200 Caledonia ..; 4S 900 Mexican ..... €0
200 Challenge ... 17 600 Ophir , 1 85
400 Chollar 16 100 Potosl 2«
600 C C & Va 1 60 500 Savage ...... 15
300 C C & Va 1 65 100 Sierra Nev... 27
200 Hale & Nor.. 22 500 Union Con... 27
Afternoon Session
Morning Session.
500 Belcher OS 500 Overman .... 23
200 Caledonia ... B2 200 Potosl ....... 30
100 Chollar 19 500 Potosl 29
100 C C & Va 170 200 Potosl 2s
5C0 Gould & Cur.. 19 BOO Saraga IS
100 Mexican 65 200 Sierra Nev... 2!»
500 Mexican 64 100 Silver Hill . 43
400 Occidental ... 14 300 Union Con... 2»
100 Ophir 2 00
The following were the sales in the Ban Fran
<Jsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS,
Cent L. & P.' 2% 3% Pac Light ..45 —
Eqt G L Co: 3V 2 3% Sac E G&R. 35 40
Mutual k 3 — r S F G & E. 44V4 44?i
O QL. & H. 62% — 8 F G L Co. 6Vi —
Pac G Im.. 41% 42 Stktn G- & E. 8 —
;. ", . . : INSURANCE. . ¦
Flrem's Fod.260 270 - 1 ¦•¦' Sl^^S^E
¦ .-¦¦ - ¦- ¦¦¦ ' BANKS. .fk'i^V^
AmerB&T.107 110 First Natlonl — _
Anglo-Cal .. 00 01 LP&A 168% —
California :. 42ft — Mer Ex (llq) 23 —
Cal -Safe Dp. 120" 122 Y* S F Natlonl. 140 —
-.;•;>. : .SAVINGS BANKS. I' - _
German ..'.1900 — - " Sav & Loan. — *
Humboldt ... — — Security Sav.340 -300
Mutual Sav. 80 — ; Union Trst.lS30" —
S F. Sav U..525 —
. ' ¦ - STREET RAILROADS. '
California '¦'. . — 162 % I Market . : . . . 100 s —
Geary. ..,'... — 00 [Presidio .;;. 35 —
// ': powder. ,.; •
Giant . / 79% 80 ,' Vlgorlt ; ... .73 —
-:\;V SUGAR. : . ." •'
Hana- ?....".... 3%: /.", Kilauea:.... — '.', 91;
Hawaiian. :: 32V3-^- Makawell ....— 23%
Honokaa '. .:' 11' 11% Onomea" . . . . 24% 27
Hutchinson .12%! — Paauhau ... il ¦ : 12?i
GAS AND ELECTRIC,
Contra Costa 76% 7?H|Port Coata.. 63% 68
Marln Co 60 — | Spring Val.. 9lii 92
WATER' STOCKS,
Do 5s .^—121 c gntd 5s. > —
N Pac C &s.109%110M Do etmpd.109% —
N R of C fes.114% -f ISP Br Cal 6sl.38%138^
Oak Gas 5s,.. — 113% S V.Wat 6*.110& —
Oak Trn-6s.l24»/i — j Do 4s 2dm. 102 "^
. Do 1st c5s. — 115 Do 4s 3dm.l01% —
Oak W G 5s.l03%105' Stkn G&E6S.102 104
Geary-st 5s.. — : — Sac EGR 5s.lO2U—
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJVos. — 121
Do 5s 06SJ— Sierra Cal 6s. 11C Ii5u
L Ang.R 6s.llS?ill9 S P of A 6s v
LAL Co6s.l03 103 - (1900) ....ll.i^ll.Tii
Do gtd 6a. — — (1010) ....114?i —
Do gtd 5s. — 103% S P of C 6s
L A & P 5S.1OJ, — • (19C5)Sr A.10fi%107
Do lem 5s. 102t$ _ (ldOS)Sr B.107U —
Mkt-st C 6s. — <19O<5) . — 110%
Do lem 5s.' — 121% (1012) — 121 »A
N R of C Cs.112 — SP of C 1st .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ¦ • *¦,
Ala A TV 5s. 92^ — Oc SS Co 5s. 08 03%
Bay CPC 5s. 108 108% Omnibus 6s.. — —
Cal-st 5s 119 — Pac G Im 4s. 97%
C Costa 5s.. 110% — ' Pic "ft CH 6s.lO7 110
Ed I, & P 68.129 — Pk & OR 6a. 117' 120
Fer& CH'Bs. — 123 Pwl-st R «s. —
¦ BId.Ask. -.; Bj,j
4s qr cou P .'..mj4U2 4s qr c (new)137«il3S^
4s qr reg... .111^112 3s qr coup.. — , —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
FRIDAY, May 2—2 p. m.
STOCK AND.VBOXTD' 3SXCSHAKOE.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were recei'ved yesterday
from New York by Bolton. ' De Roy ter St Co. :
Common stock. $25 75@27; pfeferred, $8O@
61 50; 4 per cent bonds, $1»1 and Interest: sub
scriptions, $101 75@102 60. -
Alaska Packers' will pay Its regular month
ly dividend (No. 101) of $1 on the 12th. Peer
less Oil will pay its second dividend of 5c/, or
J4G0O, June 1. Imperial Oil ..will' pay,, one of
20c, : and Thirty -ThreexOil one of 10c, on the
6th. . ¦¦ • • ¦•:¦••'
On i the Oil Exchange there -was -a further
advance in Sterling at $1 70@l 75.' the other
stocks being featureless. . . -
In the afternoon the light stocks were sud
denly a(jV»ve, Gas and Electric' Belling from
$15 50 down to 944, Pacific Gas from $42 to
$41. and Oakland Gas at $02 75. Spring Val
ley Water- waa lower, at $01 "5iR1U SO . -and
Hutchlnspn Sugar higher at %\t fiO@12 75.
Sterling Oil sold up to $1 80, buyer 00.
Interesting -sales" on the Bond Exchange yes
tertlay morning were ofttie old. Merchants" Ex
change Bank <ln liquidation) at $22 fiQ. and fit
the American Bank and Trust Company at $108.
Oceanic Steamship was- lower, at - 931* Other
wise the ¦ market-was dull and featureless.
THE STOCK MARKET-
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Afternoon Session.
500 Monarch of Arizona 18
100 Occidental of W Va.. 20
1000- Reed Crude.. .........'..*...- S3
100 San Joaquin Oil and Dev 7 00
700 Sovereign, B 30 35
1000 Sterling ...» i 70
60O Sterling ".»- 1 72%
500 Sterling. B 30 .1..., 1 75
600 Sterling, B 10 ."...;. J 75
600 Sterling. B 80 ; 1 go
Board— -
GO' Home .- 3 65
2000 Occidental of W Va. B 90....... 21
1508 Reed Cnid«....... 33
100 Reed Crude 83
100 San Joaquin Oil and Dev 7 25
400 San Joaquin. Oil and Dev 7 00
65 Shamrock .-' SO
100 Sterling 1 TO
500 Sterling, S 00 170
100 Sterling 1 72*4
600 Sterling. B 36 , 1 75
600 Sterling, cash. \ 72»4
: . Street— ~
150 San Joaquin Oil and Dev. 7 l2Vi
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE. j
¦ The election of a commissioner -to repre
sent the presbytery at New York brought
on a fight for the place. Rev. R. F. Mac
laren of this city and Rev. C. C. Herriot
of Santa Cruz were nominated. Dr. Mac
laren : was elected by an overwhelming
majority. ¦ This aroused the ire of Rev.
Mr.' Herriott. • An attempt to make Mr.
Herriott alternate commissioner brought
him to his feet. He said he would not
serve with Rev. Mr. Maclaren, and also
resigned from a. committee on which he
and Mr. Maclaren were serving. He had
just gained the floor to make a statement
when the presbytery went into executive
session, and Mr. Herriott Was pacified.
Phllo Hersey of Salinas was elected al
ternate commissioner, G. W. Campbell of
San Jose lay commissioner and J. M.
Luark of Watsonville alternate lay com
missioner.
SAN JOSE, May 2.— The presbytery of
San Jose held: a. meeting this morning in
the First Presbyterian. Church' pursuant
to an adjournment ' taken at . Holllster a
few weeks ago. Rev. S.-W. Miller of
Lakeside was moderator. The presbytery
embraces a district extending from Menlo
Park to San Luis Obispo, and twenty-five
churches were represented. The principal
business was the reception of Rev. Fran
cis Palmer of Columbus, Ohio, who comes
to accept the pastorship of the First Pres
byterian Church in this city, and Rev. M.
Mclnnis from St. Paul, who goes to Santa
Clara. . ..-,
Strife Over the Honor of Being Sent
as. Delegate to New
York.
SAN JOSE PRESBYTERY
HAS LIVELY MEETIKG
- Same owners with . R. P. Hurlbut . (contrac
tor), architect «ame — Carpenter andmlll work
tinning, plastering, -electric wiring and j bells!
painting and' mantels for. : same on same'
$10,050. . ,- :, ,\ - ~ . •' • ' "• •'
s Marshall . Brothers, a . firm \ (owners) .with
George Moore (contractor), architect J. Tharp
— Excavation, concrete. '. brick : work, fireplaces,
cementing and sidewalk for a three-story and
basement. frame building, (fiats) on W line of
Franklin atreet. 112:6 S of O'Farrell, S 25 by
W 112:6,>WesternAdditlon block 132; $1300^
Same owners with Robert Dalziel ' Jr. (con
tractor),' architects, same — Steam heating, in
cluding radiators for same on same; $13,500.
- - Crocker Hotel. - corporation i (owners), with
Roebllng Construction . Company, • corporation
(contractors), architects I Bliss ft-Faville—Fire
proof floor arches, roof arches, strip filling,
suspended ceilings and cornice ; forming for a
ten-story and basement hotel building on NW
corner; of Geary and . Powell streets. N- 137-6
by W 165; $50,642. . /
; James P. .Treadwell (owner) with" Richard
Rice (contractor), architect Clarence R. Ward
— Plumbing. - sewering, etc., for a three-story
frame with brick foundation on NE corner of
Sutter and Buchanan streets, E 35 by N 87 "6
Western Addition block 233; $1808. ¦>•¦ -
Elizabeth Hancock (owner) with SuITivan's
Sons (contractors), architect ¦ A. W. Marquis
Excavating for basement; vault- under side
walk, piers, trenches for footings and elevator
pits for building on N line of Ellis street 77 '0
W of Leavenworth. W 60 by N 137:6; $3975
James P. Tread well (owner) with Hans
brough & Johnson (contractors), architect Clar
ence R. Ward — ExcayAtion. concrete, stone
brick, carpenter, lathing, plastering, tinning,
galvanized iron, marble work, mantels. - hard
ware and painting, «tc. for a three-story frame
building with brick foundation on NE corner of
Butter and Buchanan streets,' E 35 by N 87-6
Western Addition block 233; $13,533.
Estate Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Merritt
and AV. -R. H. Adamson, executors) to ¦ San
Francisco Construction Company ~ (a corpora
tion), block bounded by Sixth and Seventh ave
nues, H and Hugo streets; also lot on SE cor
ner of Second avenue and I Btreet. E 240. by
S 144:5%; also lot on SWcorher of Second
avenue and I street, W 240, S 285, E 120, S 30.
W-120. S 08:8%. NE 250:2^. N 342:11; also
block bounded by I and Parnassus streets.
Third and Fourth avenues; also block bounded
by -I and Hugo streets. Sixth and Seventh
avenues;; entire O. L. blocks 663. and 660; also
block bounded by I and" Hugo' streets; -Third
and Fourth avenues; also 'block 'bounded by
I and Hugo streets. Second and Third avenues;
also lot on BE ; corner of Second averiiie ¦ and
H street, S 270. E 240, N 109, N W 72 ' thence
on curve to a point W 42; also block bounded
by I and>Hugo streets.: First. and. Second ave
nues; also . entire 01. L. blocks 676 and 677;
also lot onSE corner of Seventh avenue and
I street. E 240, S 225, ,W 120. N . 75. W- 120.
N .150; also lot on NE corner .of Seventh ave
nue and J street, E 240 by N 225; also entire
6. L. blocks .703 and 764; also block' bounded
by Parnassus » and K streets and Fourth : and
Fifth avenues; also. block. bounded by K street,
Laguna . Honda (Serpentine) ' road ¦ and Fifth
avenue; also block bounded by K street, La
guna Honda (Serpentine) road, Fifth and Sixth
avenues; also lot on SE corner of Seventh ave
nue and K street, S 285:5, NE 110, thence fol
lowing meanderlngs of road to Sixth- avenue '
thence 200, W 240; also lot on SE corner of
First avenue and Frederick street. E 627-4 S
278^7, W 611:10. N 270:6; $361,000.
Same to Charles B. Newman, lot on N line
of Broadway, 25 E of Pierce street, E 32:6 by
N 137:6; $10. ,,'--
Squire V. and Carrie M. Mooney to James
J. McNamara, lot on J N line-of Broadway, 57:0
E of Pierce street. E 5 by N 137:6: $10.
M. J. Rudolph Mohr and Tlllle Mohr to May
glo-O.-Power, lots 204, 206,. 208, 210 and 212.
Gift Map 2; $10. '
John Voss to Maria; Voss," lot 'in Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery; gift. . ; ¦= .- -. r-%.
Henry F.' Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Rein
hold Neckritz. ' lot on SW line of . Eighteenth
avenue. ISO NW of R street. NW 125. by SW
100. block 372. O'N. and H. Tract; $10.
J. - W. Wright & Sons tnyestment Company
to Mary E. D. Dorris (wife of -W. J.). lot on
E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 300 S of J street,
S 60 by E 120; $10. . . .
Emit F. and Dora Zahler to Anthony Phelan.
lot on W --line, of Eleventh avenue, 250 N of J
strcat. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to August Mausshardt. lot on
K line of Eighteenth avenue. 175 S of H street,
S 25 by E 120; $10. •
San Francisco Construction Company (a cor
poration) to Albert J. Ralschi same; $10. ' ¦
Stephen Clearylto.' Catherine J. Cleary.lot on
W line of Fourth- avenue. 175 N of Clement
street. N 25 by W 120: gift. ¦
Eliza C. Monson (by John A. Grennan. eli
sor) to Bertha F. Smith, lot on SW corner ot
First avenue and California street, SW 70. S
120:11. E 76:5. N;i37:6; $4500. ;
. John F. and, Louise Delsol to Domenlco Fl
ronzi, lot on S : llne of Valparaiso street, 183:3
E of Taylor. E 23 by S 60; $10.
Nellie A. Sullivan (single) to Ernesto Leporl
and R. Milanl. lot on S line of Jackson street,
01:6 W of Powell, W 46 by S 68:9; $10. .
Louts and Maude M.-Bertschmann (Smith) to
Blanch S. .Morton, let on N. line, of Sutter
street, 87:6 E of Taylor. E 50 by N 137:6; $10.
Jacob Snyder to Las Cooper, lot on NW cor
ner of Twentieth and Diamond i streets, W ' 25
by N 110; $10. . .
Rosalie Faure (single) to Julie Faure (sin
gle), lot "on E line of Belden street, 77:6 : S of
Pine. S 20 by E 60; $5. ¦ .. ;
Jcahlm H; Voss to Maria Vo38 (wife), lot on
E Una of Douglass street. 272:6 S of. Seven
teenth. S 24:6 by E 125; gift. - X
Emma : and Lemuel Chipman to ¦ Alme E.
Marx,, lot on "W line of Laguna street, 50 S of
Ellis. B 23:6% by Wj77:6;. $10. ' '
Sarah U' and James Coffin to Lucius E.
Greene, -lot on S line of Vallejo street. 137:6
E of Fi Ignore, E 57:6 by 9 137:6; $10.
Cornelius and Lizzie Garson to George w.
and Emma A. Splller, lot on E line of Lyon
street, 82:6 S of Fine, S 27:6 by H 93:0; $10.
Henry C. ahd Charles A. Bennett to Helen
M. Tompkins, lot on S line of Waller street,
100 E of Belvedere, E 25 by S 108:9; $10.
Henry and Grace L. Rosenfeld to Leland S.
Lathrcp , : lot ' on N line of Jackson street, 50
W of Spruce. W 30 by N 127:8%;. $10. •; '
Mary E. and William McDevitt to E., J.
Coakley, lot on N line of Fifteentn street, 72
W of Shotwell, W 24 by N 74; $10. . ¦ ¦ -
Henrietta and Valentine Stubenrauch to
Sarah E. Henderson, lot on S 'line of Liberty
street. 152:6 W of Guerrero, W SO by S.1U;
$10. --..-¦-.'¦¦. ¦¦-• ¦
Theresa M. Brooks to Annie and Katie M.
Butler, lot on SE. corner, of Twenty-first ahd
Sanchez streets* E 101:10 by S 114; $10.
Port Blakely Mill Company- (a corporation)
to Henry Kleebauer, lot on Wllne of Belcher
streetf 150 N of Fourteenth, N 50 by W J25;
$3C00. ¦ .--¦ - • ".'¦. -• • "'.'¦•¦¦•".¦
Margaret Campbell to Catherine Nicolai, lot
on E line of Noe street, 53 S of Ford, S 25
by E 110; $10. . .; • •-. .
John Deignan to Hugh McElroy, lot on N
line of Hancock street, 180. E of Noe, E 25
by N, 114; also lot-on N line of Hancock street,
155 E of Noe.vE 25 by N 114; $5. ' •'• •; '¦
Robert C. Brann to Harry H. Brann, lot on
S line-of Cumberland street. 305 W of Guer
rero, W 25 by S 114; lots 34 to S6, block 551,
Bay Park Homestead; gift. »; > ¦' •
Jchn and Florinde . McBride to John W.
Wtlch lot on N line of Noe street, 76;C Not
Elisabeth, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Martin and' Jane Sanders to' John A. Whelan
Company (a corporation), lot on NW corner of
Nineteenth and Castro streets, N SO: 1 by W
S0:6; $10. . . . - ¦'.- ¦
. Adam Wagner to Charles Ealtz, lot on N
line of Eighteenth street, Gl W of Clara ave
nue, N 110 by W-75; $10. ' ; - . • .
SEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS
\V. L. i Valentine to George Easton, lot on
S line of California street, 245:3 E of Van-
Ness avenue. E 60 by S 137:6; $10.
Robert W. Jr., Julia -C. and Grace G. Mur
phy to Rebecca C. Tucker, lot on NW corner
of Bush and Gough streets, N 30 by "W 110;
$10. • ..-- ' ' '¦•.¦, v ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ .'
Edwin S. Tucker to same (wife), fame; gift.
FRIDAY,. MAY 2.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The Interstate
Commerce Commission met here to-day
to investigate charges that the immigra
tion bureau maintained in New, York City
by trunk line railroads is operated in vio
lation of United States laws. Judson C.
Clements, A. R. Prouty and J. D. You
mans were, the 'Commissioners present.
Clements acted as chairman.
Edward E. McLeod, - chairman of the
Western Traffic Association, was asked
to. give a copy of the agreement consti
tuting that association, with the names
of .the officers who signed it. He'said'he
would procure a copy and send It to the
commission In Washington. McLeod ex
plained that the establishment of the
bureau in this city has benefited the im
migrants as well as the railroads. He
said that previous to the organization , of
the bureau the middleman made lat'ge
profits at the expense of the Immigrants.
"Under present arrangements," he went
on, "the steamship companies made con
tracts with the immigrant' at the port of
sailing. If an immigrant desires to go
from Denmark," Bay, to North Dakota he
buys his through ticket in Denmark. He
is landed at Ellis Island, passed by the
United States authorities, where his rail
road ticket is supplied him at. the ticket
office maintained at the ¦ Island under
lease from the Federal authorities. He Is
brdught, immediately he Is released, to
the barge office and forwarded to his des
tination. No hardship, is worked to the
immigrant. He may, if he choose, se
lect his own line of travel, but . few of
the • immigrants • know anything of the
geography of the country, and our bureau
tries to divide the business among the
roads west of Chicago. Rates are cheaper
since the establishment of the burdau In
1894 than before. In 1893 the fare to San
Francisco from New York was J64 25. To
day it is $47 45."
"The association" was formed to main
tain rates, was v, it not?" • McLeod was
asked. -¦ ' —.--.;¦ - '. -. . • .- .
"One'of its purposes, yes." : • . C
"AncVyou' maintain rates by^'destroying
competition?" ~\ - ¦.--. ¦' ¦• '...'".'¦ -'.Z .V-~..-.
"Well,' I would not say that." Before-the
organization of the bureau there was de
moralization and cutting of, rates." '-
"If the immigration bureau was dis
solved ]it .wduld ' result in a cutting of
rates among the Western roads?"
, "I think It would result in demoraliza
tion.? « ¦ r ; ,-
Charges; Made That Trunk
Lines Violate Federal
Laws, i
Thelnterstate Commerce
Commission Is After
: - Easteria R'oads.^
Morning Session. *
Board— ' ¦
25 American Bank and Trust Co... 108 00
20 Cal Wine Assn ....101 00
20 Giant Powder Con S 8O 1^\%
10 Merchants' Exchange Bank 22 5O
10 Oceanic S S Co 31 00
. 25 Pacific Gas Imp 41 75
195 S F.Gas and Electric Co.... " 4*> 5O
$1000 Oakland Water 5s. cash 104 OO
$5000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s. B 3 97 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Cal Wine Assn 101 00
40 Giant Powder Con 8O l-J 1 *
100 Giant "Powder Con.... 8O 00
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 12 541
10 Hutchlnson S P C6» 12 f.2ij
10 Hutehinson S P Co VZ 75
20 Oakland Gas 62 75
25 Pacific Gas Imp 42 OO
. - 1O Pacific Gas Imi» '. 41 «21i
1 30 Pacific Gas Imp 41 50
150 Pacific Gas Imp - 41 25
: tK» Pacific Gas Imp 41 00
35 S F Gas and Elec Co 45 50
25 S F Gas and Electric Co 43 00
40 S F Gas and Electric Co. ....... 44 75
40 S F Gas and Electric Co........ 44 25
100 S F Gas and Electric Co 44 00
"MSP Gas and Electric Co 44 50
40 B P Gas and Electric Co 44 37&
15 Spring Valley Water »1 5O
15 Spring VaUey Water 91 25
10 Spring Valley Water 91 37&
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 00
$1000- Oakland Water 5s.... 104 00
14000 Oceanic S S ii 98 25
$5000 Sacramento Elec Gas and Ry 5s. 102 25
$1000 Spring Valley 6s 110 62}4
Strtet— . I
25 Pacific Gaa Imp ; 42 00
Alaska Pack.181 162 PacAFA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As.lOlHlO'-Vi PaC C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.l0OS4101% Par Paint... 19 —
Oceanic S Co 30 33
MISCELLANEOUS.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are slightly higher again. Butter and
Cheese remain as before. ..
Meats. Poultry' and Game Bhpw no changes
of any consequence. Fruits aficTVegetabtes are
In seasonable supply at normal prices for this
time of the year. .'-.--.:' ';— >
COAL, PER TON— .
Cannel ,...$— — <@13 001 Southfield
Wellington. . -@11 00 Wellington $— ®11 00
Seattle ....' —^-@ 3 JOlCooS Bay ... — <H 7 (H>
Roslyn .... -® 0 001 Greta — @10 00
DAISY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq35@45| Common Eggs.l5@17^i
-Do good... #...S5@—j Ranch Egg3, peT
Common ......30@ — dozen 20®23
Cheese, Cal...... 12^15 Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17S20 pound 13®2()
Cheese, Swiss 20©30 Do extracted...- 8®tJ
MEATS. PER LB — —
Baconr... Sausages. 12%®13
Hams ...;.... ...13©17 Smoked Beet 17&2O
Larfl 15#— !¦
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
toclation announces the following retail price*
for meats: , ".." *
Roast Beef 10^15 1 Spring Lamb ..12%®2il
Tenderloin Stk.l5®17^ Roast Mutton .12^©—
Porterhouse do.l7%®20 Mutton Chops. .12^ W13
Round Steak... lOfa 1^4 Mutton Stew .... 8<aiO
Beef Stew 8® 10 Roast Veal 122*15
Corned Beef 8@10 Veal Cutlets ....15@is
Roast Lamb 15@1S Roast Pork ...12^313
Lamb Chops 15^20 Pork Chops — <j*u
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50®»0 Pigeons, pair ....40@5o
Young .Roosters, Squabs, per palr.50@63
each ..........«50$1 Rabbits. each..,.15@2ii
Old Roosters. ea.50@75 Hare, each ©"u
Fryers, each B0©75 English Snipe..
Broilers; each.... 30©») per dozen .. — @$4 00
Turkeys, per lb.-SOgz: Jack Snipe — ©*2 59
Ducks, each 65@£1 Wild Geese, per
Geese, each . . .$1 50Q2 pair « 75@$1 00
Goslings $2«2 50 Brant, each ...\25e55
FRUITS AND NUTS— ' ..
Alligator Pears. . w ,,|P 1 r «< 1 Pigs, per 1b— ©*>
each fff on r es * dozen 10@15
Almonds 15@20 , Lemons, dozen... 20@30
Apples 8 foj;lEr anses ; dozen... 20@60
Pecans r:® 20 "neapples. each.30@5O
Brazil Nut *l--"?2f^SSi sln »-_P er ">.. 5@15
Bananas, doz 15®25 Strawberries, per
Cocoanuts* each..— «10 drawer 30@75
Grape Fruit. V^r Walnuts. p r lb...i 5 ®20
dozen oo«f»o
A«SS5^^^~52WjO*». dried. lb.._@23
Artichokes. doa..l5«40i^otatoe 8 , perlb..!® 4
Beets, dozen •••• 10 <t-j N , ew potatoes. . .2%® 5
Beans, white, b. 6@- g"nh». per dx.lo|-:
Colored, per lb. 5g— .Radishes, doxwi
Dried Uma. lb... 6@ 8 b «Mhe« 15@2d
Cabbage, each... 5@ — Rhubarb , 3O tt
Celeryf head 6#— Sweet Potatoes. "
Cress dx bnahs. .20@30) per lb 2 %® 4
Cucumbers. dx.$I ,50®S Sage, doz bnchs.25@3«
Egg Plant, lb. • • -^f 4^ St !^fS P«««w. Per
Garlic ....;.••• 4 @ * pound "20<ar!S
G?een Pepp«rs.lb.l5#23 Summer Sq Ua3b y™*-*
Green Peas, lb...2%@4 *per pound.. ;i2U@n
Lettuce, per dox.loW-'O Sprouts. perlb..._|i:
Leeks; doibnchs-lS^iO Spinach, per lb..HH
Onions, oer lb..2%© * Thyme, dz bchs..2S
Green Onions, dx rurnips, per doa.lo®—
bunches -;-—»•» Tomatoes pr lb.8®^
Mushrooms. lb...40@60
yj<5jj—^ " ¦ •' ¦ *•
Carp ... — ©10 Sea Bass ........—»_
Catfish ..10@— SmelU ........12%®15
Codnsh 12%«— soles 10@1214
Flounders 10®— Skates, each . S@u
Halibut — @12% Squid @^
Herring — #— X 0 "} 00 * 1 10#12 V t
Mackerel - .— <8— Turbot- 20@3u
Do horse — #— Trout 35@50
Perch ........ -.-10^ — Brook Trout ....— @64
Pomplno ..•....'.. 75® *1 Whitenah 10® —
Rockcod ' — &15 Clams, gallon . ..30@—
Rockflsh - — @13 Do. hardshell. - ¦-
Salmon, fresh.. 12%@15 per pound ... 8010
: Do. smoked 15@25 Crawfish — @—
Sardines .'. — @ — Crabs, each ...12ii@15
Shrimps — ® — Mussels, quart...— 9 —
Shad .10@12fc Oysters, Cal. 100.40@50
Striped Bass...l2V4@15 Do Eastern. da.23@40
PROBES BUREAU
FOR IMMIGRANTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIj, SATURDAY, MAY 3, .1902.
13
FRIDAY. May 2-1 p. 'n.;
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 OK 1 Justice 05. 07
Alta ......... 03 C5 Kentuek 01 02
Andes'. .:...; 04 OS Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher '..:... • OS ' -10 Mexican - 53 6O
Beet & Bel.., '25 2« Occidental ... 11 13
Bullion .'....; 02, .03 Ophir ...1 SO 185
Caledonia ...< 47 4!> Overman .... 21 23
Challenge ... '10 .10 Potoal 25 2S
Cfeollar ..,....1« 17 Savage ...... 14 .'. 15
Confidence ... ,60 62 f-corpion — 04
C C & Va....l 55 1 CO Seg Belcher.. * — OS
Con Imperial. — . 02 Sierra Nev;.. '2S 2t>
Con NT.... — 021 Silver Hill... 45 4»
Crown -Point., -CS CU St Louis — C8
Eureka Con.. IS ' — Syndicate ... — OS
Exchequer ... ' — 02 Union Con... 28 29
Gould & Cur. 1" 1» .Utah ...... \. 04 05
.Hale. & Nor... 21 . SMYel Jacket... U U
Julia........... --.— 0*f
ATTEN-TION. KAttTxxTm-xii.K-S— I
•^ond-hand upright pianos from $35 up. I
square pianos from ?."0 up.
r-^ccnd-hanfl orenr.s from ?2S tip: new upright
rl'isnoE frcra |X3S up. BEN.I. CURTAZ A
EON. 10 to 20 OTarre'.I. Chickering. Mason
_ Cr -J Btnatn. Vote. Sterling pianos.
'WE have a choice lot of pood instruments.
«=Iiphtly used, that can be obtained upon very
*a*y terms and rt low prices. We have also
Wissncr-RaumciEtcr nnd Ptodard planes.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 703
et. _^___
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For eaSe
truly by the Wiley B. Alien Co.. 031 Market
it.. Ean Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain: best
rer.tlrjr pi3ncs in city for $3 per roosth.
FOOTT-CL'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0 Hayes 6t.
Corr.pel'ed sacrifice by private family leaving,
SC50; :-.»•»" uptight piano. R95 Ellis Et.
6NAP 2 cn!y. row. $450; hlsrh-jrrade uprights.
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,20SPo?t.
ilTO;Ereat €«criftc?;a!mcst new upright/Schmltz
& Co.. 16 MrAKister s\.. next Hiberia Bank.
- A LOT «f Ftcra^e pianos for almost a sons.
WILFON'S Pierage. 1710 -Market St.
ALMOST rtfvr large size Steinway upright left
en ea>: bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON MALZY. SOS-310-312 Post et.: Sohmcr
end other pianos and pipe organs. ¦
61'PnrtIOR. rie'.in*. zithers, oM and new.' H.
MTLL"n. rr.s.'ker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
! OFFICES A\D STORES TO LET.
LOFT for rer.t. <0xC5 feet, fcr light manufac-
turing purpofcts: with water $16 month. WM.
I .PANE. Plumber. 439 Fifth st.
BtOBB •oilh large basement, below Kearny; al-
v terationa to suit tenant. C5G Clay, room 1.
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. in rood order; all sires- !
cheap. II. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st. |
OIL LAJVDS. ~
FOll Sale — Cheap; 10 acres, patented land, sec-
tion 29-23-SS; h*art of Bakersfleld district ;
ere well on property; oil guaranteed under
every foot. ' L. AY. MYERS. L&ushlin build-
ing. Lo.» Angeles.
PALMISTttY.
MS?ETcr~Lri<EEKGAARD^reads 1 toT 700 ''¦
Post Ft., corner of Jones; phone Polk S37. ;
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 151* I
Taylnr St.. bet. Geary and Pest.tel.Black Ml. I
PAINTERS AND DECORATOBS.
BOOHS papered $3 up; painting & tinting done'
Kartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLAPS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. C40 Cw. G. are.: tel. Polk 1423.
PERSONALS.
A— CERTUS
Actually grows hair on bald heads; cleanses
and beautifies the hair; promotes a luxuriant
growth: never fails to restore gray hair; cure*
candruff, scalp diseases and hair falling;
price JX (to agents 50c): everybody should
write tor trial package. Bohemian Hair and
f-kin Specialists. 131 Post St.. third floor. S.
F. ; treatment and consultation free. !
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these cults we make an extra pair
cf pants free ct charge; other suits on install-
ments. Jl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
si., between Seventh and Eighth.
JIT hair dressers are all artists.
Hair Aressias - 1 " 2
Shampooing 50c
Manicuring 23c
f G. LEDEREH, 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per weeK;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAT Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and Jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to gee at Domestic
effice, 1021 Market et., near Sixth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAS, 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame es white thirls; selection 300 patterns.
Facial massage treatments- faxnt
URIGGS CARR system and preparations.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. -
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 00c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
;n SO mm. Miss A.V.Dcyle.1702 Ifltt. Qp. lOth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
tailor. 721 Market et.
HONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, sliver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
Bt W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth et. -
WHITE enamel iron beds," eiiurle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Et., near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call oa
Dr.G.S.Moore.222 O'Farrell;send lor circuar.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
tlectric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Gutter st.
LADY would like to borrow money on diamond
jewelry from private party. Box 1530. Call.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
end moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaten, 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE, German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy St., corner Mason.
Itlrs. BripF?— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed.
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 258.
tTAILOR-MADE suits, f 7 50; drees pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Alasquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical coetumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders,.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
., treatment for rheumatism. etc 233 Geary.r.27.
hair and moles removed by
| electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse, 1170 Market.
JLLFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 ; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly ; 10c and 25c AH druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play, books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
X3R. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
beet corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1G - pares, cent to any address In the
United State* or Canada.- one year for tL -
. PHYSICIAAS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation, no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
ts lion free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield, 6 Turk.
PR. C. C. O'DONKXLL — Office and residence,
102114 Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
~~~ TO LEASE. — —
St) SALT MAKERS.
. To rent — About 150 acres cf salt marsh,
suitable for the manufacture of rait, near
Alvarado. Alazneda. County, In the center of
a calt-znaklng district and on navigable waters.
For particulars apply to the Alameda Sugar
Co., 122 Market st.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^AViBA^GTlNTIEN^YPEWRITE^S^We
»<ell better machines for Jess money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, C38 California; telephone Main 2C6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.'
TYPEWRITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
-~ 1 , — — - - — — - — —¦»¦¦¦-.-— — -.- ¦¦-
fcftXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies. 2c; mlm-
f eographlKg. 927 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 153».
_ _^ PROPOS ALII. - -^^^
UNI VEpJrrY~cT^3a7if^irnla™^erk^Iey^5?o^
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men —
JkOtice is hereby given to all concerned that
pealed proposals or bids are solicited for
l^rforouns the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary to the erection of an addi-
tion to the Bacon Art Gall»ry and Library
Building on the grounds of the University
of California at Berkeley. Alameda County,
end said bids or proposals . will be received
at the office of the cecretiiry of the Board
ct Regent*, room 16. South Hall, Berkeley.
Cal., at or before 2 o'clock j\ nx of the 15th
of aiay. 1902. And notice is hereby further
ptvca that the pJaas and specifications of eaid
building have been made and adopted, and
tre placed in the above-named office where
the tame may be seen and examined' during
rat-h day from 0 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m.. from this date until the said 12th day
of May. 15*02. No bids or proposals will be
conFidcred unless the «ame are accompan!p«3
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
7*>ser equal to ten (10) p*r cent of his pro-
IK>saI, v.-ith eufficient eurcUea. conditioned
that, if said bid or proposal shall be accepted
tho party proposing -ullj duly enter into a.
tremor contract to faithfully ixrfonn the duty
and obligations in accordance, with eaid pro-
xmeCL and plans and specifications which
shall be and arc hereby required to be a. part
o? e-uch contract. The light to reject any and
nil bids Is hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant .to -an 'ace
j entitled, ,"An act to atnond an act <-ntii|f-d
i 'An act to create and oreamse th* University
of California,' npiirovwl Hutch 25. l*0s. and
et\ act pro^niJatory of Msction 23 thereof ao-
• proved March 2>>. 1932. relating to the 'con -
t;trucUon of buildinsE." approved March n
IS87-. «y onder of the Coajm!tt«se on Grounds
ar.rt Ruildinr« of the Bnard of Reg-eat* ¦ W
A. au-KOWEX. Actint- SccrtUrj". . - •-,"
ROOMS FOR HOUSEIvEEPIXG— Con.
OCTAVIA, 1131 — 2 beautiful sunny j housekpg. ,
suites: gas ranges, run. water; phone; cheap.
SIXTH. 102>£— Newly, furnished rooms, also
Housekeeping rooms. - • -. " - 'V'" ' •
STOCKTON. 120S— Model house; newly furii."
slngle. double hskps. rms.; free gas; bath.
TURK, 130 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
1ns: cheap. . ' , '- , ..\' --. -:¦- -..;
CLASSIFIED. advertisements and subscriptions
received - a t* Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisementa and
subscriptions has been established : at . 1094
Valencia St., '' ,' ,. .,'-¦¦¦'..
ItOOMS TO LET—- Pnrn. ami llnfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, "elegant^
snnr.y; 75c day upward; rates by -week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached.'
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c. to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all 'night. •
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission— Changed
hands; v ICO rooms newly renovated: 50u to
$1 50 night; $2 to $7. week: parlor; elevator.
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Sunny rms. ; single, double ; mod. conven'ces.
A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. -Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or "singles;- day,
I week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (oia No. 1364) — Fur"
'. nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1105— Pleasant room for gentleman;
running water; 15 minutes Call of fled;' $9'.
BUSH. 161 0y 3 — Handsomely furnished sunny
suite with use of dining-room and kitchen,
?20; also single rooms, $7 and $10; bath; tel.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-^Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50. $0 week; open all night.
ELLIS, 325 — Single and double rooms neatly
furnished; also housekeeping . rooms. '- •
FOLSOM, S20, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. ;
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
cr. suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOWARD. 950— Nice . front room for two, $8;
private family.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARREL, 914 — Neatly furnished, sunny al-
cove front room; reasonable.
- ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, emoking-room and ladles' par-
. lor; rocme, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30: elevator on 'ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 171. corner Natoma — Sunny fur-
nished rooms, double or single, by day, week
or >month. . '
SHERMAN Apartment House 28 Eighth at.,
near Market — Furnished; also* 3 unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 603— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, single, suite; also housekpg rooms. '
STOCKTON pi.. 10, off Grant ave.— Furnished
rooms, double and single, $5 a month up. !
TENTH, 119 — A finely furnished room to let
. to gentleman. . - - . - -
THE Earl House, 310 Stockton— Under ' new
. management; elegantly furnished sunny
rooms single or en suite: day, week or
month; elevator; hot and cold water; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH, office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia Et. • . , ..
'^ ROOJIS AND BOARD. ,
THE CORBIN. 836 Sutter — Elegant cor. suite
and single rooms; table first-class; phone
Polk 4102.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HAIGHT, 326 — Elegantly furnished large rooms
suitable for couples, with board; reasonable.
IRVINGDALE. 626 Eddy — Sunny roonjs, en
suite, or single; good table; reasonable.
LAilBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat. - -
VAN NESS, 510 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $lpVr
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching,- external,, internal ¦- or - protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4f collections" made:
city or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. C580.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for"$l. •
S EWIKG MACH1 NE » . _ ANP^ SUPPLI ES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing;
lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Ppweirsts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mia-
eion St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 41, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, rooms
- 202-4-6. Hay ward building, San Francisco, on
May 10/1002; Tranjfer books close May 3,
1902. at noon,' J. R. LEAVELL, Secretary.
• MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were' issued
yesterday: .
Hiram Krause, 28, 805% Howard Btreet, and
Mary Hamilton, 28. 805^ Howard street.
Samuel B. McCullagh, 30, Los Banos, and
Grace J. Menjoulet. 27, Los Banos.
Millard H. • Krueger, 36, city, and Bertha
Schwartz, 21, city. .. ....
Joseph A. Foran, 32, 2025 Devlsadero street,
and Mary L. Prendeble, 21, 121 West Mission..
Karl J. M. Burmeister, 31, 1220 Vallejo
street, and Henrietta Schwarze, 27, 800 Hayes.
' BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices • sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the DUbllcatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
EISENBERG— In this city, April 24, 1902, to
; the wife of Henry Eisenberg, a son.
FRIEDMAN— In this ' city, April 20, 1902, to
the wife 'of. Louis H. Friedman (nee
Schnitzer), a son. ~-.
WHITE— In -this city. April 5, 1902. to the
wife of Richard Clayton White, a- son. '
:marbikd~
QUINTON— CROSSFIELD— In this city, April
30,-1902, by Rev. W. E. Dugan, George H.
' Quinton and Maud May Crossfield, both of
San Franclsoo.
WALSH— GIBBS— In this city. May 2, 1902.
William Walsh of Stockton and Mrs. Lena
Gibbs of Oakland. /
DIED.
Bray, William H. McCarthy, Catherine
Burt. Virginia A. Pratt, Ernest H.' L.
Cook, Hermann Rathbun. Minnie
Denechand. Mary A. Rodriguez, Delores :
FaHon. Edward- D. Schroder, Mrs. C. A.
Frltzschen, Mathilda Shorton, Florence C.
Hazelrigg, Ellen A. Stearns. Charles A.
Henrioulle. " Gustave ' Straub, Bertha r
. Holland. Margaret Theisen, Elizabeth ¦
, Kloppenburg, Otto ' Vahey, Hannah
v Magulre, Mra. Anne' Wertheimer, Isaac
Mangan, Thomas F. White, Clayton R,
Mayer, Christian F. Wightman, James S.
Mayers, Nellie I.: ' - -... ¦
BRAY— In 'Oakland. April 20. 1902, William
H., husband * of Grace A. Bray, a native -of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
' (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. . "
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
,20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
r\'-; : NEAREST THE CITY, '
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone ; Bush 367. ' ' '. '
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
. Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager 'for
the United Undertakers'. Association; M. J.
' McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P.. F; Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
ncr & Co.. have opened new Funeral' Par-
lors at 1171 Mission . St.. .between; Seventh
and'Elsbth.^ Telephone South 44.' j. . , ,
I 55^i'_^ ESTATE — CITY--FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE FOR- SALE BY -
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,." ' .
5 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY SOUTH OF MARKET AND EAST
OF NINTH. r \-
Mission St., rnly 70 feet frorii Fourth: 40 fact
front by SO feet deep; rents $70; a fine prospec-
tive buy; $30,000. •
Second-st. corner, above Howard;- 45 feet
front; S31.0C0.
$32,300 — Mission St.. in growing portion; over
yU feet front.' -
S20.000— Fourth st. ;' 50 feet front; stftre and
flats; rents $140.
Large corner, within l'A blocks of Market,
with fair improvements; In vicinity of fine im-
provements... .
Fine corner buy on Howard St., with old
improvements ; pays fairly now, 1 but with new
building Lfwould" bring in fine income.
North siJe Howard. 57x75; old brick Improve-
ments; rents $90. . ' '
Howard «=t., west of • Third; 25xS0, with im-
provements; only £$000. ; .: . - .
Harrison-st. corner, near ' Seventh; ' 60x00;
very cheap; only S4300. .
$10.000— Large brick residence on First st ;
large lot; needs to be changed into business;
would pay very well.
Minna si. ; $75 rent a month; 50 feet front.
Natoma Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh; 42x75;
rents $79; $8500. ¦ ¦ /
Minna-st. lot. suitable for wholesale business;
40 feet front; $13,500.
Brannan. near Seventh; 50x75. with old frame
Improvements; ?4<1O0.
Geneva St.; 50x100; $1500; very cheap.
Brannan-ht. lot, bet. Sixth and Seventh; 25x
73; J2(XX».
Third st. ; 23X1C0 to rear street; 3 stories. 11
rooms; rents $33; rear portion of lot vacant;
can be improved to pay good income; $CSO0.
109x132 on corner of Folsom, near Second st.
Third-E-t. corner investment, near Howard;
105 feet front on Third: rents $280; $65,003; new
builcUns would pay big Income.
Elevtnth-st. corner; lOtolOU, with Improve-:
ments; rent $150.
st.; 30x97'i. with two stores and
three flats; rents $30.
Minna St.. near First; 3Sx90:. rents $52; $5000.
Sir-GO—TWO fiats of 5 rooms each: large base-
ment with two finished rooms; wa,ter and
pas; lot 23x114: Apply 201 Corbett ave.. be-
tween Seventeenth ahd Eighteenth and Hat-
tlo and Danvers sts. ¦
HAIGHT and Fillmore sts.. northwest corner:
transfer point; 150x137:6. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st
REAL ESTATE — CODXTRY— For Sale
TO let or for sale — 5^i acres of nice land at
Kent station: lovely cottage of 6 rooms and
salt water baths; 130 fruit trees; 10 minutes'
jvalk from railroad; rent $50 month; selling
price $5500. For further/ particulars call on
HEALY & GILLESPIE, 630 Market St., op-
posite Palace Hotel. . , •
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard " of finest
teml -tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY, owner. Elmhurst. -. <
600 ACRES at a bargain* fine land: no adobe;
oak trees; very best of improvements; good
v/ater supply; adjoining railroad station*; 12
tiains each way daily; Just the place to sub-
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIE, Redwood City.
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^
.Small tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
. to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
A SNAP — Finest country home In San Mateo
County; 23 acres of beautiful grounds- ele-
gant residence, barns, etc. ; % mile irom sta-
tion; 29 miles from city: 26 dally trains
GEO. W. LOVIE; Redwood City. \ -
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payraents_ HEALY & CARR, 027 Mkt.-. r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. ' See WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 MarRet. S. F. v & San J.
SUBURBAN HEAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY— 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anseimo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS:
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! bXrGAJNsT"
$1200 buys a good cottage. 4 rooms and
bath; lot 50x150; a snap.
$2500 buys 8-room house; lot 35x150; a bar-
gain.
Eee the ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park «t.. Alameda.
Homes built, rented and exchanged. I
$2000 — NEW 6-room cottage for sale or rent.
Apply 1522 Santa Clara ave. . . • ' .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A 6NAP EUY'— $3500; 9-room residence in
Berkeley; modern throughout. See IRWIN
or MORAN. Lorln station, or address Owner
box 1586. Call office, city.
$3500^-NEW 9-room house, all modern Im-
provements; large corner lot; near the sta-
tion and electric R. R. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.: easy payments. MURDOCHS S14 Pine.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
VKUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — 5 acres, Roee ave. and High st.,
Fruitvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 .BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2300— ONCE SOLD FOR $4400. -
Lot 40x140; elevated ground; near business
center, cars, schools.- etc. ; house ? of five
rooms in splendid order; elegant dining room
and kitchen; finished in basement; large
barn; in- a -high-toned neighborhood;- terms
$500 cash; balance on mortgage; owner non-
resident and has instructed ¦ us to sell with-
out reserve; a positive bargain; seeing is
believingj call early. .
- J. S.- MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
$3600— TO DUPLICATE WOULD COST $4200.
A new seven-room house; only been occu-
pied one year; In perfect repair; an ideal
beauty in architectural design and. finish;
only three blocks from the local train and
business center; large lot; terraced lawn; in-
terior finish in imitation of rare wood; pan-
eled dining room and beamed celling; side
boards, bookcases, writing desks, etc., in
dining room; space too expensive to extol its
many qualities. Owner's occupation com-
pels him 'to leave the city and prefers to
sell Instead of renting. . " -. .
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
' Oakland. CaL
$4700— COR. 20TH AND WEBSTER.
An ideal colonial house; 7 rooms and bath;
the very latest in everything; large lot; 6
new houses sold in this location and only
this one left; terms $1000 cash; price is at
least $1000 below the present market value
on account of rise in material and ground.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
Note — We have other choice investments
which are not advertised. Carriages and
courteous clerks at your disposal free of
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland. CaL
OAKLAND FUIIMTCR.E FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 403 Eleventh st. Oakland.
APARTMENTS lor light housekeepingT^nrnTshK
ed sunny suit, with Uitchen; all modern im-
provements; bath: telephone: $16 to $20 suite.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna sts.
ARIEL and solar flats, 525-531 Turk — Hot and
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
niehed or unfur.; tcl. East 312, Sutter 41.
BELL (The), 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with
• kitchen, gag or coal stove. $12 to $20. . -
BUSH, 1001, cor. Jones — Van Nuys; modern
furn. and unfurn. suites; new house; hot and
cold water: baths; electric lights; first-class.
EDDY. 724 (middle .flat) — Fine front room,
newly and well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold water, bath, phone, with 2 other
* well-f urnished . rooms, all complete for house-
keeping; every convenience; eee them; suit-
¦ able for 2 or 4 adults: reasonable.
FELL, 1071 — A newly. -furnished sunny suite;
. housekeeping. . ¦-•'-•
JESSIE,- 333 — Large sunny front ' bay-window
room; furnished for housekeeping; $10.
HYDE, • 408— -Sunny back parlor with kitchen,
suitable for 3; large room, gas Bfove. hskpg.
MCALLISTER," 1050 — Furnished sunny room,
with or without kitchen; hot water; range;
bath; $C. $13. $1S. ¦ • '¦> • ¦¦ • ¦
MINNA, 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing; single . and double ; rooms 75c, . $1 week.
OCTAVIA, 3303, comer Geary— Large sunny
furnished room, with kitchen, pantry, .closet,
¦' gas stove. - ... . ¦ .' . ,. ¦ ' : .'¦* ¦ ,'
OAK. 117 — Very: desirable 'sunny parlor eulte,
furnished; sink; gas range; phone;. laundry;
' drew,' William Clarence and the late Michael
and | Thomas Vahey/ a native of Carramorey
- parish .'.of /.Kilmain,,, County Mayo. Ireland.
Her duties are ended,'. " ' -
':• -Her troubles- are o'er. -. . .. ¦¦"¦'.'
I ;- She has crossed . the Dark; River ¦ ,
. v. -To : the heavenly, shore. : i,;.- . . '-¦ -
'."•-' -. IC3?" Friends' and acquaintances -are respect-
: fully, invited- to" "attend the " funeral to-day
(Saturday)/' at 0 o'clock,' from her late reslv
dence, 1505 Montgomery, street, thence to St.
Francis • Church, - where \a solemn requiem'
mass will be celebrated' for the repose- of
¦ the soul,-: commencing" at 10 o'clock. Inter-'
ment Holy. Cross Cemetery.'- '.- • ¦ .:.-.
WERTHEIMER— In Medill. Missouri. April
. 30,; 1902, lb'aac ; Wertheimer, beloved _ father
j of -'Monroe A. Wertheimer, formerly of San
' Diego, a native of Germany, aged, 07 years.
- ICT'The funeral cortese will start- from
•Third and Townsend streets at 11:15 o'clock
'• Sunday, May r 4. -Services will be held at.
Home of. Peace Cemetery. ' . - •> '•
WHITE— In this city. May 2,' 1902. jS Clayton
- Richard White, beloved son of Richard Clay-
ton, and Ida M. White, a native of San
• Francisco, 'aged 27 days. ¦•. -¦
WIGHTMAN— In this city. May 1 1,' 1902, Jame»
S. Wightman, beloved husband of the late
Lizzie Wightman, and beloved father of Hat-
tie, John, Alice and Albert Wightman, .. a
1 native of Belfast, Ireland, ased 36 years B
¦.months and 15; days. A .member of the
" Piledrivers' 8 and ! Bridge Builders' Union
No. .1. -?¦¦¦ ' .;.. . '•,-..-¦ y . '•' - . " ¦ ¦
IcyFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3309 Seventeenth street, corner Guei-
rero. Interment Motmt Olivet Cemetery by
. electric funeral car from '¦ Seventeenth and
Guerrero streets.. ' ' ' '-- - '- ¦
.'England, aced. 70 years 9 months .aiid ,21,
; days. -¦;-"¦ ;" '-"' ¦¦;-"• -.-•: \- ¦ ¦•
C^The funeral services will be held to-
niorrotv (Sunday),* at 9 :U0 . o'- ' clock; : at t'w»
funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 266(5 MIs-
i Eion ttreet. - between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, Mission Masonic Temple. In-
terment private. ¦ . - •. :
BURT— In Oakland, May 1, 1902.. "Virginia A.,
daughter' of J. VA and C. H. Burt,- a native
of Alabama, aged "19. years, and 4 days. : • :
COOK— Iri Birdsall, Fruitvale, ADril 30, .: 1902,
Hermann; beloved husband • of Anna Cook,
and brother of "Henry, Doris, Mrs.- Johanna.
' Brcmbacher and the late* Lonia- Covk. 'a- na«
• tlve of Bremen, Germany, aged 49 years 5
months and I'O days.
¦ (prKriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully ,. invited to attend the funeral, services
Sunday,' May 4, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at the
-¦German -Methodist : Church, ..corner East
Seventeenth street and Twenty-third avenue,
; East- Oakland, i Interment j Mountain View
Cemetery. . " . . \ - . ¦
DENECHAND=— In this! I city, May 2, 1 1902,
Mary A. Denechand, beloved wife of the lat«
•' John Denechand, and mother of Eleanor, Do-
i lores and Ftancei Denechand, a . native : ot
Ireland, aged 51 years 1 month and 8 days.
FALLON— In this city, May 1, 1902, Edward
"D.. beloved husband of Mary FaHon. and
¦ father of William J. and Edward D.Fal-
lon Jr.. a native of County Westmeath, Ire-
land, aied 60 years. • .
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 539 San Bruno avenue, corner Elght-
eenth'street, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass . will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment private, in Holy
Cress <fcemetery. '¦'.-. . , .
FRITZSCHEN— in Oakland, May 1, 1002, Mi-
• thllda C. W.,- beloved wife of Hermann B,
Frltzschen, mother of Mabel and the late
v Albert Frltzschen, daughter of "Mrs. Anna
" C. '¦ Mangels, and sister of Mrs. C. Flath-
mann; Mrs. E. Fricke, Mrs. J. H."Hol]es
and H. J., Charles D. and W. F. Mangtels,
a native of Germany, aged 30 years 5 months
and 0 days. : [ . 3 "¦-
CTFriends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Bunday.-May 4, rU02, at 2/ o'clock, at her
late residence. 1307 Peralta , street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HAZEI-RIGG— In this city. May 2,' 1902, El-
- len Amanda, beloved wife of A. Hazelrigg
of Suisun, Cal., and mother of H. C, T. F.
and Eda A. Hazelrigg, aged 78 years. 5
months and 3 days. \ : ¦ .. . -
HENRIOULLE— In. this city, April 30, 1902,
Gustave Henrioulle, - dearly beloved husband,
of Elizabeth Henrioulle. beloved brother of
Gregorie John B. Henrioulle, Louis Jo-
seph Henrioulle of San Mateo and the late
Elizabeth • Boccus of Mountain View,- and
uncle of Elizabeth, Ninna and Henry Hen-
rlonlle of San Mateo and Louis Henry and
the late Louis - Joseph ¦ Henrioulle of- San
Francisco, a native of Noduwez, Belgium,
aged 47 years 1 month and 3 days. "A mem-
ber of Winnemucca Tribe No. 61, I. O. R. M.
IGTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t6 attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, ¦ 1209 Mission i 'street, ¦ between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to Notre Dame
des -VIctolrea Church,. Bush street, between
Grant avenue 'and Stockton Btreet, where a
requiem mass will . be celebrated for the re-
pose. of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLLAND— In this city. May 1, 1902. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of John J. Holland, and
devoted mother of Daniel C. and John F.
Holland and the late Mrs. Jennie Casey and
Mrs. JuIia^E. Johnson, a native of County
Cork. Ireland. - "\ ' '-.- " - ' V . ' :"•
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral -to-day
(Saturday),- at 9:30 o'clock,, from- the- resi-
dence of ¦ her son, 730 Fell street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for, the. repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
"Holy 1 Cross Cemetery. -
KLOPPENBURG— In thl3 city. May 1, 1902,
Otto, dearly beloved ¦ husband of Lucie Klop-
penburs. father of Mrs. Philip Kiefer, and
- grandfather of Otto C; Gustave -,H. and,
Harry N. Kiefer. a native of Scharmbeck.
Germany, aged 84 years -1 months and 27
days; ¦ ¦ ••' ¦ • _\- - ;
(C?-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully; invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Sunday), May .4, at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence.' 22i ' Grove street,.: between I Van
Nets avenue and Franklin streets. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ~
MAGUIRE— In this city. May 2. 1902, Mrs.
Anne Maguirc,. beloved - wife of Owen Ma-
guire, and -'mother "of Dr'. ' Charles S. and
the late Dr. Andrew A. ¦ Magulre, and sister
of Mrs. Elizabeth Maguire. a native of
Macroom, County Cork, Ireland. .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 'Monday,
May 5, at 9 o'clock, from her late residence,
279 Page street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, .where a requiem high mass will.be
celebrated for the repose Of her soul, com-
mencing .at 9:30 o'clock. Interment jHoly
Cross Cemetery. ¦ : ' |
MANGAN— In this city. May 2, 1902, Thomas
• P.; beloved husband of Mary Mangan, father
-. of.Tnbmas. • William, Edward, Clarence and
VMoyslus ¦ Mangan, and brother of Eujrene,
Katie and Esther Mangan and Sister- Zeta
of the Holy Family; a native, of New York
• City; ag;ed-"45 years. -¦.¦^- • _-wr»,. i «--¦-'.-'
tCTThe funeral will: take place . to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, "from" his late resi-
dence, 12 Ford street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ," \ ', - . . •
MAYER— In this city, May 2. 1902,' Christian
F., beloved husband of the late Elise Mayer,
and father of" F." C". Mayer, a native of Wur-
temburg, Germany, aged 74 years 5 months
and 8 days. A member of Sigel Hain No.: 7,
u. a. o: d.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully InVited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), May 4, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1226 Railroad avenue. South San
1 Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
.teiy. , ... * , V, ..
MAYERS— In this city. May 1. 1902. Nellie
Isabelle, beloved daughter of John and" Anna
J. Mayers, and sister of Walter H.. Carrie
J., .Ed;ar J. and Vera Mayers, a native of
Stockton, Cal. . .'• .
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 817% Golden Gate avenue, under
the auspices of Lincoln Lodge No. 2, Friends
' of the, Forest, thence to St. Stephen's Church
.for services commencing at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Cyoress Lawn Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. May 2, 1902. Cath-
erine McCarthy, beloved wife of Peter- Mc-
Carthy, a native of -Ireland, aged 70*. years.
• JE7*The funeral will' take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from St. James
Church, corner. Guerrero and Twenty-third
streets, where services will be held.
ment private. Holy > Cross, Cemetery; ; ->. .
PRATT — In this city. May I, 1002, Ernest H.
L. Pratt.' a native of '- Sydney, S. W.,
aeed 30 years. £*•-• •-•, .
RATHBUN— In this city, May 1, 1902/ Minnie
Rathbun, beloved wife of Frank W. Rath-
bun, mother of Lottie and Juanita Rathbun,
and dauEhter-lri-law of F. L. Rathbun, and
daughter- of Mrs; M.' Fustlhl, a native of
San Francisco, aged 22 years 9 months and
9 idaya. '
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited"' to attend -the funeral to-day
(Saturday), ar 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
p»rlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909
Mission street, between -Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriage. ¦ • '. - " r '. >. -.' . . .
RODRIGUEZ— In this city, May 1, 1902. De-
lares Rodriguez, a native of Mexico, aged 11
years. ~ . ¦ ;-.¦ . •" ;; . ' ,
SCHRODER— In ; this city. May 2, 1902, Mrs.
C. A. Schroder, wife of C. A. Schroder, and
mother of Mrs. T. M. Statelcr, a native of
Massachusetts.
- ETThe funeral will taJce • place Sunday,
May 4, at 2 o'eloclc from- her late resl-
• dence, 1106 Bush street. Interment private..
Please omit flowers.
SHORTON— In "this city, May 2, 1902, Flor-
ence Cecilia, . beloved daughter of -William'
and Mary Shorton, and dearly, beloved - sis-
ter of Marlon E. Shorton, a native of San
Francisco, aged V year and 2, months. •
C^Frlends and acquaintance's are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), 'at 10:30 o'clock, • from the resi-
dence of her parents, 649% Stevenson street.
Interment' Holy Cross ¦ Cemetery.
STEARNS— In this city. May 1, 1902, Charles
¦ A. .Stearns, ". formerly of Aurora, III., a native
Sot New Hampshire, aged 82 years 11 months
' and' 24 days. -.; , -"• ¦".;. -• . .- • ¦-¦ ¦ '
Cy Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909 Mission
Ktreet, betweeen ..', Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
¦ Funeral and interment at Aurora, 111.
STRAUB— In this city. May 2.' 1902,"' Bertha,
beloved wife of Frank Straub, and. mother
of 'Freddie and Albert Straub, a nat.'ve of
Germany, aged 32 years -1 month ;a«d ' 24
¦ days. "-. " . ¦- " • ¦' -. ¦ , ; -¦• - ¦¦''. " ".¦
C?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend'the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt, 26C6 Mission ¦ street;
between Twenty-second .and Twenty-third
streets, Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. .'• " ' ?;.' -
THEISEN— In this city, May 2. 1902, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late John Theisen,
and ; beloved .mother of Mrs. J. C. Witt,'. L.
Theisen, Mrs. | E. ' Russell and Josephine and
Emma Theiaen, a native of 'Bavaria, Ger-
many, aged 61 years 2 months and 25 days.
{C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the*funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), May 4, < at : 2:30, o'clock, ; from her
.late residence,' 310 Persia avenue, between
' Madrid and Lisbon ¦', streets. . Interment
. Cypress Lawn : Cemetery. : -• \% • --¦,
VAHEY— In this city, April SO,; 1002. Hannah,
biloved wife of - Patrick Vahey, . and : mother
1 Of John : Francis, . Patrick :' Henry, •. Martin An-
Florist ©>;
S 7 -ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS - V
y Prices Reasonable .;:
107 POWELL ST.Nt^ELUS 23£ 5050
SHIBELEYr THE FLORjST.
¦-' HOTHOUSE ROSES,- FRESH. *
TNVENTY-FIVE; CENTS PER.DOZ. •¦
"•'¦-\*j- SWEET PEAS. 10c PER BUNCH. '¦'-'•
31 1 ©UTPrr E R ST.
; ',..;.,...:.,*..' ..'.Eho^e Grant .197.: ., , .... . ,,Next week special programmes will be
arranged: by the ladles of the booths,
who will . be in charee of the fair each
evening, and many surprises are promised
to the public. Superintendent Charles H."
Tldball. who decorated the pavilion, Is
now arranging for many unique attrac
tions. , • , :
and gentlemen witnessed the presentation
of Irish dancingr.
A jaunting car. will be In operation at
the fair to-day and wilL be used on a
track 200 feet long. An electric automo
bile track will also be opened and 250- large
potted palms are to be placed in position
in the pavilion this morning.' The mer
chants' lunch will be served dailv from
11 a. m. to 2 p. m.; when admission to
the fair will be free.
By race — BS8 Caucasians, 47 Mongolians S
Africans: single, 312; married, 199; widowed,
104; divorced, 15; unascertained, 10; under om
year, 08; from 1 to 10 years, 75: from 10 to 70
years. 428; 70 years and over. 87.
Pulmonary tuberculosis, 83; diphtheria. 16;
measles, 6; typhoid, 3; cancer, all varieties, 27;
diseases of the heart, 80; cerebral apoplexy, 24;
alcoholism, 5; old age, 9; broncho pneumonia,
27; lobar pneumonia, 2S; Bright' s disease, CO;
violent deaths, misadventure and negligence,
35; homicide, 1; suicides. 17; c£ which 372
were males and 263 female*.
Statistician Edward 3H. Coffey filed his
report on births and deaths for the
month of April with the Board of Health
yesterday. The total number of deaths
were 60S and births 405, showing a de
crease in both instances from those of
April, 1901, when they were, respectively
659 and 430. The death rat* for April 1302!
was 1.688 per 10Q0, and the birth rate 1.125.
The- principal causes of death were:
SUBMITS APBZL BEPOBT
ON" BIRTHS AND DEATHS
EUREKA. May - 2.— The Norwegian bark
Allsa. laden with nearly 1.000.000 feet of rough
redwood planks, sailed . to-day for •„ Glasgow
This is the first cargo of redwood ever shlPDed
from this port direct , to Glasgow. -
Frank Coffey, a painter residing at 120^
Geary street, was run over by a Sutter
street car yesterday morning and received
injuries which may prove fatal.r Coffey
¦was crossing: gutter street at the inter
section, of ! Kearny. and . dldt. not . see an
approaching car.- .:. which - struck and
knocked c him * down. : ; The physicians . at
tending him fear that he received a frac
ture of the spinal column. . . : . :
Badly Injured by a Car;
; Tasquele Mezzera, who conducts a v fish
market at, 4129 Eighteenth v'etreet/;. was
booked at the -Seventeenth-street' ; police
station yesterday afternoon^ on a charjre
of assault with a deadly weapon. Mez
zera Js accused of having struck Jesse
Mar ther, driver of a butcher wagon, on
the head; with. a. hammer. A dispute
arose between the men and, the fish mer
chant,'it Is alleged, used a hammer.
Uses Hammer as a -Weapon.
Friday,': May 9, will be Eagles' day at the
Bakersfleld' Street' Fair and Carnival. Tickets
will be sold. at Santa Fe of flcce." 641 Market^ st. '
at one fare : for ..the round .trip ', tor all • trains
May 7, good to return until May 11. This is a.
good chance to visit ;the San . Joaquln Valley
and the Kern County Oil Fields.
Eagles' Day at the Bakersfleld Fair.
Big Transfer of Property.
A deed covering the transfer by the
Sutro estate to the. San Francisco Con
struction Company "of the Byfield tract
located south of the park and west of
First avenue was filed in the Recorder's
office. The Jract Includes nineteen pieces
of property. The consideration mentioned
is $361,000. A mortgage for $250,000 on the
property is given by Albert J. Raisch,
president of the company, to Henry T
Scott and Charles E. Green as guardians
cf the estate of th© Crocker heirs.
In connection with the announcement of
the opening the board of governors issued
a statement of the benefits ' of the mu
seum. ¦ Special reports are .given of'con
ditions surrounding the introduction 1 of
lines of goods In- each - of the countries
bordering on the Pacific Ocean. A list of
foreign -firms up ¦•. to date is available. at
the office of : the museum. Information
concerning exports of each Pacific coun
try and also concerning the customs tar
iffs of foreign countries has been collect
ed, and suggestions are given concerning
the necessary methods of packing goods
to go to foreign lands, etc. ¦
The spectator who sees the exhibits
without being aware of their purpose
would be. liable to be surprised, for in
manufactures only cheap goods are to be
viewed, and the remainder of the exhibi
tion is composed principally of raw ma
terials, .such as aje exported from the
Latin American countries. But these ex
hibits furnish the information that is
needed by those who wish to deal with
the people of these lands or to gain ma-"
tprial information in a trade way about
them. .
The beginning of the installation of ex
hibits was mentioned some time, ago in
The Call. Since then many, cases have
been filled with samples illustrating the
manufactured articles -that are. sold -in
Pacific Coast countries, the array being
an exposition for the benefit of the com
mercial community* of . the; goods for
which ready market . has been found
among the Latin Americans. The exhib
its from countries other than South; and
Central America are yet to. arrive, and
ample space has been reserved for them.
Only a comparatively small share of the
space allotted by the State Harbor Com
missioners to the museum has 'been occu
pied. Exhibits are. to be'-received-from
the Philippines and from Oriental coun
tries—in fact, from all Pacific territory in
which the Pacific Coast may hope to find
a market for- its wares and manufac
tures. A, special'' commissioner, has col
lected .goods in the Philippines for the
museum. • :''•¦•¦ . ;¦• . ".'
Resolved, by the board of governors of the
Pacific Commercial Museum, That in. view of
the installation ot exhibits already on view In
the ferry building and the additions thereto
daily expected to arrive and of the substantial
equipment of the bureau of .'commercial in
formation in connection i therewith the . Pacific
Museum be and is hereby declared
open; and be It further ;. • •
Resolved. \ That . the monthly • dues of -mem
bers shall be collected from this date. ,
The board of governors of the Pacific
Commercial Museum met yesterday and
adopted a resolution declaring the mil-,
seum open to the public The resolution
is as follows: . ¦ . ¦ . • ¦".."• . : .
Commercial Exhibits Are
Now Ready to Be
Inspected^
Iron "Works Suit to Be Tried.
The demurrer of the defendant in the
suit.< brought against the -Union Iron
Works on behalf of the United States by
United States \ Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth wasi overruled yesterday by
United States District Judge . de Haven
and the case will go to trial on its merits.
Suit was brought to recover a penalty of
$1000 from/ the company for having im
ported; from; Stockholm. \ Sweden,- Sven
Johannsen, a coppersmith, under a parole
labor contract. .. ¦ . - .. . *
Native Daughters' Memorial.
The local parlors of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West will hold "me-!
morial service jln' honor of the dead 'of
the order to-morrow afternoon In; the
main hall ". of the " Native Sons' building.'
There will be an oration- by Grand Presi-;
dent Mrs. V Gerievieve Baker, eulogies \ by^
Dr. Marian Bertola, remarks by Dr. Spen
cer, and' vocal selections by the Native
Daughters'. Quartet and several well
known soloists. . . ... ;¦: ' . I
Gray and McDonough. Are Indicted.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday
brought in. an indictment against Fred
Gray and James McDonough, charging
them "with conspiracy to commit an of
fense against the United States and with
making and having in possession counter
feit half eagles and tools for making the
fame.
Petitions in. Insolvency.
Petitions In Insolvency were filed yes
terday In the United States District Court
p.s follows: Harry GIbbs. railroad brake
man, Sacramento, liabilities $753 90, no
assets: J. P. Swain, brakeman. liabilities
$2633 9o, no assets: Gilbert L. Smith, car
penter, Stent, liabilities $1251, no assets,.
SCENE AT THE IRISH FAIR SHOWING,. VISITORS AFTER LEAVING
GLENARM BRIDGE AND INSPECTING THE "MAP OF IRELAND,"
COMPOSED OF EARTH FROM THE EMERALD ISLE. r
¦ The Republican Primary League of San
Francisco hereby sends greeting to the Good
Government League of San Jose and tenders Its
sincere thanks- and appreciation for the mag
nificent reception - and hospitality extended to
our delegation 'at. the convention of Republican
Clubs of California, The secretary will for
ward .t& the Good Government League and to
Its president, E. A. Hayes, the cordial sym
pathy and good wishes of this organization
• The league further declared Its unalter
able and continuous opposition to all
the bosses. .
The following message of greeting was
approved by the directors: ' '
The president of the Republican Primary
League 13 hereby requested to "appoint a com
mittee of three to transmit to each of the
daily newspapers a copy of these resolutions;
and in person to call upon their proprietors or
managing editors for the purpose of Impress
ing upon them the Importance of these consid
eration!? and of . effectuating the requests and
recommendations . herein made. . "
Wherea3 The primary election to be held on
August 12 1002 will determine, through the
delegates thereat elected, who shall be the
Governor of the State of California for four
years and who shall constitute the next Legis
lature of our State to honor It or to disgrace it,
and will also determine who shall administer
and expound the laws of the land as t.nief
Justice of the Supremo Court of the State, as
associate Justices of cald Court, as Judges or
the Superior ¦ Court and as Justices .of the
Peace; and
Whereas. The nominations to b« made to
these most Important offices are matters of the
utmost public concern, and It Is essential that
none but reputable and representative men shall
be selected as delegates to the nominating con
vention; and • • ¦ .'
"Whereas, This result can be accomplished
only by. active participation of all good citi
zens in such primary elections, which are now
under a beneficent primary election law sur-;
rounded by all the" safeguards aad sanctions
which attend a general election; and
"Whereas. Further, no citizen may this year
¦rote either at the primary or at the general
election without' having registered anew; ¦ ,
. Uesolved. That this league hereby calls, the
attention of all citizens, irrespective of ¦ party,
to the fact that registration Is now open at
tha City. Hall and that to entitle an elector to
vote, it is advisable to register at once.
, Registration now will be good without rereg
istration for two years (except In case • of
change of residence) and will entitle the elec
tor to vote at all elections held within that
period. ; . ,. - . ¦ * ; .
Resolved.. That the press b« earnestly re
quested editorially and otherwise to Interest
the body of our citizens In this matter oC im
mediate registration, and to point out the ne
cessity and Importance thereof and the danger
that corrupt control of government ' and courts
by irresponsible and unworthy men is likely to
result from apathy and negligence on the part
of the masses of our people to qualify them
scl\ es by registration to . take part in the ap
proaching primary election.
A meeting 'of the Republican Primary
League, was held last night at the head
quarters. 16 Geary street, with all the di
rectors in attendance. A. resolution was
adopted authorizing the appointment of a
central committee in each district, to con
sist of ten members, to conduct the com
ing primary campaign. A resolution was
adopted thanking the advisory. committee
of the league for its assistance during the
last campaign. t
The league also adopted resolutions
commending the independent, manly and
just attitude of Mayor Schmitz in the re
cent strike of street car employes. The
patriotism, good sense, zeal • and »*mir
able self-control of Division No. 2<b of the
Amalgamated Association of Street Rail
way Employes of America were praised.
The United Railways and the press of
San Francisco were commended in the
resolutions. -.-- .
The importance of .prompt registration
13 set forth In these resolutions adopted
by the league: ,
Send Greetings to Good
Government Forces
of San Jose.
PRIMARY LEAGUE
DIRECTORS MEET
i The employers .claim that the agree
ment under which the drivers were to be
given increased pay after January l of
this year existed prior to the strike of
last August, and that by that strike the
drivers broke the agreement and were
not entitled to claim the advance in
wages at the beginning of the year.
Nearly all the contractors admit that we are
not asking anything unreasonable. A rate of
$2 25 a day" for the driver of a single team and
$2 50 for the driver of a double team for eleven
hours' work Is little enough. In fact we are
asking only what the contractors promised to
give tip. but of course they, will not get to the
point of giving it until we insist.
The drivers' union will hold a meeting
to-night at Teutonia Hall.
The effort to secure better pay and a
shorter work day for the teamsters en
gaged in hauling materials used in the
building trades is being conducted by
the Building Trades Council, with
Building Materials Team Drivers' Union,
No. 1, is affiliated. It was the central
body that made the demands upon the
employers, and it is that body which will
wage the contest if the contractors re
fuse to comply with those demands.
The Team Drivers* Union numbers about
500 men, and it Is claimed that nearly all
the non-union drivers will quit work
with the union men if the increased pay
Is not granted. While the places of the
drivers might be filled, partly at least,
the other building trades unions would
refuse to handle materials hauled by the
substitute teamsters, and the sympa
thetic- strike resulting would, it is
claimed by the labor leaders, stop the
building industry until the controversy
should be settled. The unprecedented ac
tivity at present among the builders
makes it highly improbable, the union
leaders assert, that the contractors will
hold out against the drivers' demands.
Richard Thane, president of the union,
said yesterday:
The drivers are sanguine that the con
tractors will grant their demands and
that there will be no occasion for them
to strike Monday. Some of the larger
employers are already paying the rates
asked and others have expressed a will
ingness to do so whenever the rate be
comes the accepted one.
Members of -the Contracting Team
sters' Association and representatives of
the executive committee of the Building
Trades Council will probably meet this
afternoon at the office of C. A. Warren
to attempt to reach an understanding
concerning the demands of the Team
Drivers' Union for increased pay and a
shorter work day. Both sides hope that
an amicable adjustment will be made
and the threatened strike averted.
Cox is a mining expert and went to Mex
ico with Will S. Tevis In that capacity.
Previously he owned machine shoos in
this city and sold out. It is said, for $28 -
000. The woman, in speaking of him, said:
"He is an easy mark and you can easilv
separate him from, his pile." They all
left the courtroom together.
When the woman was questioned by the
Judge yesterday she said she did not be
lieve Cox cut her throat. She had at
tempted to put him out of her room and
at the time he had a knife in his hand
paring his nails and she supposed the
knife had been jerked up accidentally and
cut her. She admitted they had been
drinking extensively. She said she would
not 6 wear out a warrant for Cox's arrest.
Duarte also declined to prosecute Cox,
saying Cox was repentant. The Judge
•wanted to hear Cox's version of the affair,
but Walter Gallagher, his attorney, would
not allow him to make a statement. The
Judge thereupon, with- the consent of
Assistant District Attorney Ashe, dis
missed the case.
Policeman Pearl went to the scene and
found several men and women in the
room. He searched for a knife and dis
covered a pocketknife with the blade open
and blood on the blade lying under a pair
©f gloves on the mantel shelf. He ar
rested Cox on a charge of assault to mur
der and sent the woman and Duarte to
the Emergency Hospital, where their
wounds, which were only superficial, were
stitched and dressed. .
Since her husband's tragic death she has
been a denizen of the "tenderloin" and at
present occupies a room at the PaJmerlee
on Ellis street. Thursday night Cox, who
had known her for about three months,
called at her room. They drank consider
able liquor and early yesterday morning
Cox and the woman quarreled and she
ordered him, she says, out of her room.
Her friend, Joe Duarte, who says he is a
barber in the shop in the Hotel Langham,
and Cox mixed up things and the woman
received a cut on the throat and Duarte
a out on the abdomen.
Belle Chappelle, otherwise known as
Mrs. Paul Antolne, was the central figure
In a case before Judge Cabaniss yester
day in which C. B. Cox, a mining expert.
was charged with an assault to murder
her. More than a year ago her husband,
Paul Antolne, the French Vice Consul, be
ing driven to desperation by his mes
alliance, committed suicide in her pres
ence by blowing out his brains. He had
the night before attempted to butt out his
brains in her room at 35S Geary street.
MUSEUM OPENS
TO THE PUBLIC
The booths were the scenes of activity
and the many games of chance were In
full swing.' Some very valuable articles
to be raffled for are to be found at almost
all the booths and tickets for them sold
rapidly last nij?ht.
The ladies of Tipperary booth held a
reception during the evening, assisted by
the ladies of Wexford booth, and a pleas
ing musical and vocal programme was
rendered. A physical culture drill was
given on the band stand by the graduat
ing class of a local college and was en
joyed by the crowd of lookers-on.
,The lunch parlors and icecream booths
were kept busy during the evening and
helped to swell the improvement funds
of St. Peter's Church, for which the fair
Is beins held.
A cross-country road and dancing booth
was opened last night and many ladles
There was a good attendance last night
and the visitors, were entertained In a
delightful manner. Blarney Castle was
well patronized and the "map of Ireland"
was Inspected by a steady crowd of
sightseers. The panoramic view of the
Emerald Isle, with its mountains and
silvery lakes, is a clever piece of con
struction and the sight of earth from the
thirty-two counties of Ireland appeals to
the hearts of all.
Dozens of willing hands were busily
engaged during the day and by 7 p.' m.
the various booths were prettily decorated
and a wealth of< articles displayed for
sale. .
- | -J NERGETIC work on the Dart of
I those Interested resulted In the
|*^ Irish Fair at the Mechanics'.-Pa
. I -^ villon being ¦ aJmost completed
when it was opened yesterday for
the second time. ,
Employers and the La
bor Leaders' to Hold
Conference.
Belle Chappelle and a
Man Stabbed During
Drunken Orgie.
DRIVERS' STRIKE
MAY BE AVERTED
MINING EXPERT
USES A KNIFE
; ¦ . ¦ . " _*"¦-¦¦..¦ .... /'¦-. -¦..¦;<¦*:¦
THE SAN rRANCISeO CAliL, SlATUBDi^Y^ MA^Y 3^ 1902.
Affair Is Now in Full Swing at Pavilion and
Novelties Are Arranged For.
SECOND DAY OF IRISH FAIR
SEES ALL BOOTHS COMPLETED
A promenade concert will be given this
evening by the Iroquois. Band, under the
direction of Conductor Robert Allen. The
programme will be .as follows:
March. '.'Black Cat" (Schuler); Irish over
ture, "Erin Go Brash" (Beyer); gavotte.
"Elsa"/ (Daniels); waltz, "Irish Airs" (Sulli
van); march, "Fox Hunters" (Pcnn); medley,
popular airs (Allen) ; characteristic dance.
"Nutmeg 1 , 1 (Ellis); gallop. "Home Rule"
(Cary). ..- .'
14
;NccK Pulls. A Lvckv DaV Veiling Sale;
creations, in ..-..• , v J J ; 25c a yard for all of
black and white liberty _ -- ' ' tt ¦m w^ ' ' ¦ ' •
silk from *1.50 vp- t(\V ChV^l\j\H\]'VPVK ° Ur Very lat6St 35c and
wards. *VTX- Vfc** WAV * J-»VJT V-A O 40c VEILING.'
Here^Are Some Bargains Worth
||lll||i|^^tf|lli
;W ; Ribbon Specials.
Q Q «' for '•WHITE LAWN WAISTS; ¦ Iflr* a y* r *' f w 3%-inch wide LIB-
OC»C pretty styles,' hemstitched and\ . l^Y- ERTY- SILK WASH RIBBON.
• trimmed with three rows of embroidery. I ftc for re B UIar ?5c quality
<C1 OSt «r FINE WHITE INDIA -, 5l W . FANCY or PLAIN WASH . RIB-
«J>l»^t>.' LINEN WAISTS;- made with B .E N - t
yoke of all-over tucking. . and finished QKp "• yard for the NEW LIBERTY
"with embroidery insertion, through r.T.y SATIN ...WASH KIBBON — 4X(,
which Is run narrow black velvet rib-, , inches wide; regular price, 40c per yard,
bon; tucked front pouches prettily from : A Rid f.nr^r ¦-
. yoke. ¦ The regular price of these pleas- A Big , OOrSCl apCCWJ. : .
-' Ing waists 1b $2.00. ¦ TO-DAT— ?1.OO . for our : regular $1.50
QKrt for, our rerular $1.25 QUALITY CORSETS; all sires; all styles.
OOv CHAMBRAE WAISTS; all col-. , v n j* Underwear
ors, neatly trimmed with rows of hem- Ivnu wnnCT-WCOT. ,
stitching and tucks. . • tfhr' for - WOMEN'S PINK AND .
<C1 A EZ. for KINE WHITE ORGAN- • lUt BLUE SLEEVELESS, UNDER-
«I>I«T-©:..-DY WAISTS. These regular^ ' VESTS. : .
J2.50 waists will delight the most crit- OPCr* f °f WOMEN'S LISLE OR COT-.,
ical; made with full pouch front effect. 4Uw TON UNDERVESTS; long or
, tucked and Inserted with rows of dainty 'shorty sleeves. . i
'¦ Valenciennes lace insertion. •' ,. yjO/» for regular ' 76c quality WOM- /
«tO'Q^ for ate NEW: ,IX)UISINB ; tOt KN'S . COLORED COTTON UN-
<PZ«aO SILK -WAISTS; newest ef-; r DERVESTS. •
• fects in tucks and hemstitching; a regu- O^r» for WOMEN'S LIGHT WEIGHT
lar 55.00 value. . ¦ . :: tfUt-: > WOOL UNDERVESTS.
<I>PC rkrk for elegant BLACK and COL- 1O/- for WOMEN'S' BALBRIGGAN
tJ>O«"" OREP PBAU.. DE .SOIE 1*/^' UNDERVESTS: Ions sleeves.
SILK WAISTS. Beautiful effects in ICCr», for CHILDREN'S 'KNIT UN-
hand embroidery, tucks and (hemstitch- • iOw , DERVESTS or PANTS,
ing are combined in these waists. Reg- ": ¦ ' r u ,;i ntt r «k««ic •
ular Drice. $7.50. :; , ' ' UUiing iKiriS.
Thiiri^rt'c '' Cnrw*- ¦ ' '' €\PZr- for GRASS , LINEN OVER-
thllarcn StapCS. .-- UOC SKIRTS; made .with full flare
<t1 fZf\ FINE WHITE PIQUE . flounce and trimmed with braid; only a
tplcOvP CAPES, lined with : -be3t limited number; wortM 51. SO.
quality Marseilles and ., trimmed with ' Mn.lhi ilnH^Fwajii-
threa rows of - deep embroidery. . Regu- ¦ mUSlin unOCrwear.
... lar selling price, $2.50. .-..-; . " / > JuSt Two' Specials.
Hosiery. Novelties. , r -Vjf-'UVfor wo me n-s muslin
OPt/-» for- regular 35c qiiality: WOM-; ¦ Dot ; GOWNS,' neatly .trimmed .with
Zut EN'S 'FANCY COTTON HOSE. ' ; ? ¦ embroidery; a $1.00 quality.- :J-
v -Over six different styles. - % >~: . Off/; ; for regular 50c -, quality WOM-
1Or» for? reeular 25c -quality- -WOM- UW^iiK'S 1 DRAWERS; ; tucked and
,\%J\* EN'S BLACK LACE HOSE. • All 'v ., hemstitched and trimmed with embrold-
| .sizes. . .•' ' . , .. :..-.¦.¦¦: ¦ • cry. > .....' -' . . ¦ -.
75/» QQ/* - " ¦'¦'¦ '-**^' ¦¦'''•I';---' t .."¦ ¦¦¦' '"¦ ' ¦' "cd with cut steel
iD h 7 0C > 1212-1214 MARKET ST.,v 81 *!"?!*? In
$123 :. .between, Tay^and ;J on M .^V \$*$$*Sg.
• OPEN TONIGHT TILL. 11, O'CLOCK. : price,' 75c. ¦ -
AD VEBTISEMeWtS. ' "
\ :
Something for Mothers to Think" About
EVERY CHILD born' into the world with an inherited
or early developed tendency to distressing, disfiguring;
humours of the skin, scalp, and blood, becomes an object
of the most tender solicitude, not only because of its suf-
fering but because of the dreadful fear that the disfigura-
tion is to be lifelong and mar its future happiness and
prosperity. Hence it becomes the duty of mothers of
such afflicted children to acquaint themselves with the
best, the purest, and most effective treatment available,
viz,, THE CUTICURA TREATMENT.
Warm baths with Cuticuea. Soap, to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales
and soften the thickened cuticle, gentle anpintiugs with Cuticura Oint-
meitt, to instantly allay itching, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and
heal, to be followed in the severer cases by mild doses of Cuticura Resolt
vent Pills (see below), to cool and cleanse the blood, are all that can be
desired for the alleviation of the suffering of ekin-tortured infants and
children and the comfort of worn-out, worried mothers. A single set cost-
Ing $1.00 is often sufficient to cure when the best physicians fail.
Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap
AMlBted by Ccticcea. OixTMEJfT, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the ¦kin, for
cleantlnr the scalp of cruste, scales, and dandruff, and tne stopping ot failing nair, for
softenlnc, whitenlnir, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, Itcnings,
and chafings. In the form of baths for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free
or offensive perspiration. In the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and for many
sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, especially
mothers, aad for all the purposes of the toilet, bath", and nursery. j
CcncCRA Rbsolye<t Pills (Chocolate Coated) are prepared to meet the wants of
¦women and children, and are pure, sweet, tasteless, and odorless. They are beyond ques-
tion the most successful skin and blood purifiers and humour cures yet compounded, and
especially appeal to all having tne care of children.
Ccticwa RexcMct »re told thrrmehout the worlds Boap. He, OnrTMisT. K)e^ Pills. SSe. British Depoti
27-28. Ch«rterhoB« go, Loadoa. French Depot: t Rme de U P.ii, Paris. FOTTSK D*DO AK> CM*. Com,
6ole Propt., Bo»ion, U. S. A. " All about the Skin. Scalp, and Hair." free.
Hale's. I Hale'g. » _ _ .__
Anniversary
Sale 4
Is attracting unusual attention, but then the advantages
are unusual, when you stop to see what we are selling:
See how new and fresh it is and how low priced. You'll
wonder how folks can keep from buying. Look .at these !
2oc stockings at I2^c. Aren't they stylish? (See picture.) ?
, And hats, and flowers, and handkerchiefs. .
Wish we had time to tell you about them all; we
haven't. But if you like nice things, like to save money,
' this is
Your Opportunity.
* We feel as glad over our birthday as a io-year-old ]
youngster does. And like him we are inviting our friend3 ;
to a feast.
Who stops to think of the cost of such a party if it
means closer friendship and good-will?
?Market Street, [ ffl dg^&<j^s} Markct Street, T
i Opposite Golden J ,Jm ~l*£* I o ppos | te Golden ,
Gate Avenue. 1 *-" -^^^*pOl> COOt»^^ L c °te Avenue.
A P V K KTTRT ; r ivr T ; TNT3l
a guarantee of ABSOLUTE
<PUR[TY*~id SAFETY
the Lihel beto<o> prbdedon 'BLUE
TAPER {s pasted on every . /;.£
Kitchen Utensil
of GENUINE
AGATENICKEL-STEELWARE
A foil assortment of these goods for sals
by all the leading DEPARTMENT and \
HOUSE FURNISHING STORES. L
LALANCE&GROSJEANMFG.CO. J
trzvr vork. ' boston. Chicago.
(Sustained by U. S. Circoit Court)] .
HAME OF UTENSIL.
— -%(fflFGSCoJf
%$&
Patented ¦ .V Fab. 12.1398.
COST j SELL
Aa^ySi Jf o. W.S3. Niw Tors, Ceo. T.1S98L ' ''
«» MT« o»d» a careful •xamiBaOoo of a
•amptoof "A««t« Nickel Steel W»r« - reenrwJ
tnm n» lalaaoe ft Qros^stn Jifj . Co.. Not A.
enamel coating la ioxaoyeceoua. of aitia
tmokaeas, sad fre«t purttr.
It U tnHnly frt» from, orient had lid <mtU
wwj i«Witl*iooft»BfoaadtoeBaMeled»ooaa,
. ¦ I 8OTLLW&L_4GLAD£>rHO,
CMaJsta to tia New Tork Produce uohaagtb
Asalnte No. liBlk NBW Toax, May 4. fijT. ¦
OzHTLxavr t-Aa roqussfted by you, we pmw
cbMod la ttoopea^Jfaattet a «ara?l« oJ - Agate
Nickel Bteel Ware n and bare oude a cartful
chemical aaaljBtsof U» eounel covering of tte
aune. - ¦ . .
We fis4 tUaeaaaal k ateofaMv pm aad /rw
/row Arwenic, Antmmoma. Lead aad oOmr euA.
Mcmec* OtfMrfaiM to iualtk. We can therefore *
. rwomiMBd It for all euitaary aad dria^la*-
Cbealeta to tte ». T. Meui BiSaafo.
. BuniM Dsoiiii Csitd ul Atoiateu Puts
Coffee
Richest
Flavored
.Cof fc c
Crown . ¦ . -; -
50 t' Pound • • •: Phone BujK 51O
™ E K0M KOFFEE KOM?ANY
- : .Sole Agents
W5 StOCktOn St.. Kca.rGeiiry5t
O?p. City of P*rl* Dry Goods Comn^v
t • ,- " . ' '-' ' ~ 7— ~T
?iiJta^u -Weak Eyes Strengthened.
Painful or inflamed ey«L' n p
%*£&??*!&*& Ptantly relieved withGEOR'' 1 "'
Uipi i ¦ ll «*r*. MATERLE'S ' German *•>•
%J>^— ZfcJFi Water. 60c. at 1071 Markot
st. Tel. Pouth ST2. X"" e K*^"
tttno' without thia trademar*.
TO -AUTHORS SEEKING A PUBLISHER.-^*
Manuscripts 'In all branches of literature
suitable for publication In book form, are re-
quired by an established house. Liberal terms.
No charge for examination. Prompt attention
and honorable treatment. "BOOKS, box
¦ 141. The Herald. 23rd «t. New York.
'¦¦¦---.: ' 1 '' . '•
ill i^^^^siliij "Rt phHs
some
Makes delicious \ hot biscuit,
griddle cakes, rolls,
¦ ¦-¦ ' •¦' • j " rr*^'--
. • , onH , TniiTTinc
eLllyJL * lllUlilllo*
ROYAL BAKmQ POWDER ZO n 100 WILLIAM ST. NCWYORK.