WITH A PEN PRESENTED BY A CALIFORNIAN THE PRESIDENT
PROMPTLY SIGNS THE CHINESE EXCLUSION BILL AND THE
AMENDED PACIPIC COAST MEASURE BECOMES LAW OF LAND
Continued . on Page Two.
ROME, April £>.-The Pope has decided
to hold a consistory earlier than he pr«
vlously intended. It will now be held in
the latter part of May. No new Cardinals
will be created and only a few Bishops
v/ill be 1 appointed. •
Bishops Are to Ba Appointed, but
. Creation of Cardinals Is Not
Intended.
POPE LEO WILL HOLD
A CONSISTORY IN MAY
sponslblllty for the orders of General
Jacob H. Smith to" make Samar. a howl
ing wilderness. Replying to a question by
Senator. Beveridge, General MacArthur
said that -absolute chaos would result
sWuid . the Filipinos be given . complete
Independence and the United States en
tirely, withdrew from the islands, but he
said he would iflie to explain this 'state
ment at ; another, session of ! the commit
tee.'! He was thereupon* excused until'{to
morrow, -the committee going Into execu
tive "¦ session to further consider the [ ad
visability of summoning :'wltnesses asked
: for tey" the '.minority...
F. C. Burns, a surgeon . in the United
States, army, as to how he came into pos-^
session of it through a Filipino who. made
a copy of the : original. The Senator re
ferred to a later, statement by Dr. Burns
to the effect that the Filipino' might have
stretched" things a little.
DEPENDS ' ON THE DOG./ ;1:
General MacArthur claimed there might
have been two" orders..
"Would you hang a yellow; dog on the
testimony that is paraded here as to the
genuineness of those orders?" asked Sen
ator Patterson.
The witness said it would , depend '< on
what kind of a yellow dog It was.'
General MacArthur disclaimed any re-
CourU Martial Trial of Smith Continues and
Senators Stiil Criticize the "Kill
and Burn" Order.
OFFICER WHO WAS FUNSTON'S SUPERIOR IN ; THE PHILIPPINES,
AND SAYS HE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL DECEPTION PRAC
TICED IN THE CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO. >?"'
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
. WILL AID FORECASTEBS
Island Stations to Be Established to
Ascertain Condition of the
i Weather. .
WAf HINGTON, April 29.— In a signed
statement Professor Moore, Chief of the
Weather Bureau, says:
"It is difficult and oftentimes Impossible
to forecast for the Pacific Coast, because
xr? cannot ascertain the •weather condi
tions that prevail in the ccearj to tne
westward. Wireless telegraphy offers i
solution of the difficulty, and already ar
rangements are being made to
stations on" some of the near-by islands
of the Paclfio. Observers stationed on '
these islands will flash their observations
across the intervening waters to land
stations, and the information they contain
will enable the Weather Bureau to issu»
warnings of fogs and weather changes
with a greater degree" of accuracy* The
observers on these Islands will also be
charged with the duty of reporting -ves
sels.for the benefit of commerce. Another
application of space telegraphy will be in
the warning of vessels at sea of danger
ous storms."
Reverting to tb© Sandlco order. Senator
Patterson quoted from a report of Dr.
The witness could not recall a letter
of General Reeves, who was the Chief of
Police at Manila, in irhich he stated that
he did not believe a massacre was Intend
ed, because it was entirely contrary to
the manner in which the Filipinos had
wagred war in the past.
"With regard to the order for the Manila
massacre. General MacArthur, answering
further questions by Senator Patterson,
said the order he saw was signed by San
dico and not by Luna. General Mac-
Arthur detailed the efforts made by him
to ferret out Luna's connection with It.
"I am responsible In that matter In
every way and particular," said General
MaeArChur. "It is one of the deceptions
frequently practiced in war, and whatever
deception attaches thereto I take."
MACARTHTJR'S DECEPTION.'
"W TT IT ASHINGTON ~' A P r11 a —
fa M f The Senate Committee on
gl /|| / the Philippines to-day re
t^r i^r Eumed the examination 6f
'¦ w '-,''¦ <w, \ witnesses in connection
with the investigation of
affairs in the Philippine Islands. General
Arthur MacArthur continued his testi
mony. He explained the statement in his
annual report of June 30, 1900. that "the
United States had acquired sovereignty
by treaty and in a. way owned th« Phil
ippine Islands, but did not own the Phil
ippine people," by saying that these con
clusions were reached after conversations
with an Infinite number of people and ob
servation, and that they represented the
bulk of the views of the Nationalist par
ty. He then, in response to questions by
Senator Patterson, described the different
towns embraced within the American
lines on the night of February 5. 1899.'
•when the outbreak occurred, and identi
fied what purported to be a copy of the
order of General Luna for the massacre
of the foreign residents of Manila, Sen
ator Patterson sought to show that it
¦vras not difficult to deceive Aguinaldo by
forgery, and referred to his capture by
General Funston a forged letter
signed "La Cuna." General MacArthur
•with considerable emphasis declared that
General Funston was not responsible in
any "way for any methods which obtained
In the capture of Aguinaldo.
Was Only the Usual
Deception Due to
Warfare.
It had been expected that the French
representatives would arrive, at New York
on a passenger steamer. Late this after
noon the State Department wa3 Informed
that they, would take passage on the
Gaulois, which will come direct to Balti
more. Assistant Secretary of State Pierce,
representing the -President; Colonel Blng
ham, representing the army, and Com
mander Rodgcrs. representing the navy,
will probably greet the visitors on the'
cruiser. The plan Is for the squadron to
meet the Gaulois outside of marine Ieagua
limit and escort her to her moorlng3 In
Baltimore harbor.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N"
W.. WASHINGTON. April 2D.-As a mark
of special courtesy to France, the North
Atlantic squadron will probably meet the
cruiser Gaulois. which is to bring to th«
United States the representatives of the
P.ochambeau and Lafayettft families and
of the French republic. The cruiser will
arrive In ample time for her guests to
reach Washington to participate in tho
ceremonies connected with the unveiling
of the statue of Count de Rochambcau.
One of .'the questions he refused to an
swer, was whether, former Internal Rev
enue. Collector." Henry- of ; the 1 Seventh" In
diana district : had received financial con-*
tributions for political 'purposes. ¦
WASHINGTON, April 29.— C.C. Self, a
clerk in the office of the Commissioner of
Internal ; Revenue, • has been dismissed by
Secretary Shaw" for.' refusing to answer
questions - put - to him by the Civil Service
Commission. I
Testimony and Must Leave
¦ Revenue Office.
Federal Employe Declines "to Give
SILENCE OF A CLERK
CAUSES HIS DISMISSAL
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G, STREET, N.
W. WASHINGTON. April 29.— James J.
Hill, president of the Northern Securities
Company and the Great Northern Rail
road, has been in Washington for several
days in close conference with several Sen
ators. The object of his visit was not
made public. He has conferred with Sen
ators Hanna and Spooner and ex-Senator
Carter among the Republicans, and Sen
ators Clark and Gibson of Montana on
the Democratic side. Hill has ceased to
talk lor the public about the northern
railway merger, and -he has remained
away from . the White House, 'where I he
v. as a frequent visitor during .the McKin
lcy administration. The hostility of the
men behind the railway merger to Presi
dent Roosevelt is because of the proceed
ings against the Northern Securities Com
pany in the- United States courts, and
Morgan's efforts to merge the Atlantic
steamship lines to offset the effect of
these proceedings have given rise to the
rumor that the trust magnates are plan
ning, to"; array th'e captains of industry
against the President in the next cam
paign! The idle talk of those engaged in
various* trusts is in a large measure re
sponsible . for this rumor., for some -^of
them have said that organized capital «ill
oppose the renomlnatlon of the Presi
dent. They have also predicted there Will
bo small contributions to the Republican
campaign for Congress this year, with an
intimation that they will not assist In the
re-election : of ~a Republican House.
Trusts Will Work Against the
President's Rsnomination.
Euraor. That Men Behind the Big
CAPTAINS OF INDUSTRY
MAY OPPOSE ROOSEVELT
Difficulties have arisen between the Bel-
C.ians and the British in the Lado En
clave. A fresh revolt Jias also broken out
or. tho Upper Ubanghl River, French
Congo. . .->;.:¦.':
BRUSSELS, April 29.— The Viengtieme
Sieclc reports a serious situation on the
Nile. Several ¦ Belgian posts have been
attacked by rebel natives from Uganda,
says the paper, and British troops have
established themselves on Belgian terri
tory.
• April 23.— President
Roosevelt has turned completely about in
the Miles case. He has decided to glve.no
further consideration to the retirement;of
the 1 commanding --^general, and will now.
permit General Miles , to serve until he
' shall /retire .by 'operation of law. /¦ •' .'- ¦ :,"
'^ The 1 ; President first! listened to his War
Secretary and 'decided to 'forcibly;. retire
General .Mile's '.without; delay. Secretary
Root was piqued at the testimony General
Miles Fgave^ before^_the ' Senate : Committee
on Military Affairs, .which had' the' effect
of 'killing : the - Secretary's - general staff
bill." ./ .. • -.- . - . .- ,''-:''-¦ *•¦¦¦¦'¦"••>;¦
Consideration -to the Proposi-
President Decides. to Give No Further
GENERAL MILES NOT -„;:. fp ;
i v TO BE RETIHED NOW
Former Congressman Tells of the Ex
traordinary Vigor of the Ven
erable Pontiff. ¦'¦'¦
NEW; YORK, April 29.—Ex-Congress
man W. Bourke Cockran arrived to-day on |
the Kronprinz Wilhelm. Asked as to the ;
health of the Pope, Cockran said hip
vigor, intellectual and physical, was sim
ply amazing. '£•¦¦'- . *
"He seemed to have grown stronger in
every sense of ths word than when I saw
him five years ago. ; I /believe .he will live
one hundred, years. His voice was as
resonant and musical as before^ his in
foYmation as extensive and his power of
statement as remarkable. Two days af
terward I saw him visit St. Peter's, where
he received an address, delivered a reply
to it in the presence of 30,000 persons, and
received separately— that is to sajvshook
hands, and spoke with 200 per
sons/ It was the most extraordinary ex
hibition of mental and bodily vigor that I
have ; ever ' seen.^V
COCKRAN SAYS POPE ,
WILL LIVE A CENTURY
The ''anti-sale element is now 'devoting
Its attention to Influencing the Voting of
the islanders themselves. , It is known
thct one influential person has already
mailed thousands of. anti-sale circulars to
the island of St'. Thomas.
The Landsthing is expected to agree to
the Folk'ethlng's deefsion. with some
miner modification regarding the details
of the plebiscite. . .
"The Rigsdag (Diet, composed of both
TlousesV approves the cession on condi
tion that the inhabitants of the islands
declare in favor thereof by a* plebiscite,
similar to the one taken in 1867."
The Folkethlng by a vote of OS to 7
adopted this proposal.
COPENHAGEN. Anril 2!>.— The bill pro
viding, for the" sale of the Danish West
Indies to the United States, as amended
by the Lantlsthlng 1 * came up for discus
sion in the Folkothlng to-dc.y. The party
in the majority submitted a proposal, as
follows:
SALE IS LEFT
TO THE VOICE
OF ISLANDERS
BRITISH AND
BELGIANS MAY
CLASH ON NILE
FRANCE GETS
SPECIAL MARK
OF COURTESY
"We / know 'what the packers will tell
•him," said -a leading butcher^ to-day".
j'.'Let Crow come' to , us : and -we .will show 1
that there is no competition between the
packers in the Kansas City trade.' -"
There" are a number of ', butchers in
Kansas City under obligations to the
packing-houses "for credit' in the manner
described and- there •; are others who en
joy special favors from the packers by
other means and it will be difficult to get
them to'glve any ' explicit^ testimony. There
are many, others, however, who are bound
by no obligations and talk freely- on the
subject. By/ these it Is known ; that the
sales agents or. other representatives of
the packing-houses reach an agreement
every Saturday regarding the ; prices fthat
go into effect for the. following Monday.
The price,- sometimes, varies half a . cent
a' pound at thej different houses, but the
butchers assert that* when^th'ey order from
the houses quoting the' low price they, are
told that 'their • orders cannot be, filled.
Some of the butchers who have" the favor
of .tho packers gef tips "on' Saturday after
nooiJ' as soon ' as the ; new quotations have
been agreed .iipon; andfplaco their orders
that ; day ] for. the next 'week so as to'get
the % benefit r of the- old; prices when they
are to the buyer's favor.
FAVORITISM IS SHOWN.
KANSAS CITY, Hoi April 29.— Butchers
say that if Attorney" General Crow wants
evidence, to; sustain tho proceedings
against the beef trust. /which he instituted
yesterday, he should call on thfim and not
on the packers. : They declare they can
furnish him plenty. The strongest." evi
dence they have as to -the agreement, be
tween the packers is the uniformity of
the wholesale price of beef, at all the
houses; and in^fact that the rise in quota
tions takes place simultaneously on a cer
tain day of the week. .This is conclusive
ly ( shown by the bills ; rendered by the
packers. Another evidence ' cited' by the
butchers is. the blacklist system, under
which a. dealer .who misses the regular
weekly payment of his , bills to one pack
ing-house, is unable to buy any meat from
another until that-bill 1 is paid. While his
credit may be extended a short time at
the house to which he is obligated, he be
comes entirely "subject to that house in
the price he ; pays for meat. •
Several South Water street men will
testify to the ' conditions, and will say
their frequent repetition means the driv
ing. of the commission firms out of exist
ence If 'there. -in no prain'from the man
who wants a duck or broiler for his Sun
day- dinner.
""BTJTCHEIIS HAVE. EVIDENCE.
An alleged corner in poultry, said to
have Leen. worked by the Swift, interest.?
recently, will have careful consideration
by the United States Attorney. South
Water street merchants who by virtue of
the corner could buy little' poultry except
from tho Swifts,; found their profits cut
until there; was. no living in the business.
COB-NEB-^IN^P^UXTRY.
:¦ Something -definite, came^out -of *the of
fice of United States Attorney Bethea to
day about the* beef trust. It vras only a
little something, but the result will re
lievo the feelings of the. people who have
read. and listened to the thousand and oiie
rumors of what was to be and what was
not to be done. Bethea said .results
showed that the days of conference could
be shortened and that the end would
come quickly. A. statement;with
in proper bounds stating what has been
learned from the witnesses and from the
independent investigation Js being pre
pared, and the public, tired of shadow,
will get substance, and' Wiat soon.
Superintendent Morrow/ of : the Libby.
McNelll & Libby plant, who, was pressed
for a statement, laic to-day, said: "Yes,
men have been discharged— flulte a num-
Her; in fact,- the exact figures I. will not
give. , The ; investigation," into . .what is
called the. beef trust had .nothing to dp
with it. - -There is no intention of shut
tins'.down the 'whole plant." -
CHICAGO. April 29.— AVdirect result of
the Government investigation into the al
leged meat trust was shown to-day, by
the discharge of 500 men ; from the Libby,
McNelll & Libby packing": 'P'aut. .The
plant is controlled by tho Swifts. The
men were let out Saturday; night, but the
fact .was not made known until to-day.
When asked about the matter to-day the
officials for a time would] say simply, "A
dull trade is the reason ;ithat's all."
Special Dispatch to -.The Call.
Kansas City Butchers
Anxious to- Give
Testimony.
Progress Is Made m
Fight Against the
Beef Trust
Provided, however, that if said Philippine Commission shall find that it is impossible to complete the reg
istration herein provided for within one year from the passage of this act, said commission is hereby ' authorized
and empowered to extend the time for such registration for a- further period not exceeding one year.
• Section IV— That it shall be the duty of every, Chinese laborer, other than a cftizen, rightfully in. and en
titled to remain in, any of the insular territory of the United States (Hawaii excepted) at the time^of the passage
of this act. to obtain within one year thereafter. a certificate of residence in; the insular territory wherein he re
sides,'which certificate, shall entitle hinrtp residence thereirv,. and upon failure to obtain- such certificate as herein
provided he shall ,be'depofted : from such; insular "territory; the Philippine. Commission is authorized and re
quired to makcalj regulations and pr6visions'.necessary-ii5fl;lic- enforcement- of this section m~~the Philippine Isl
ands, including the form and substance of the certificates of residence, so that the same shall clearly and sufficiently
identify the holde"r thereof ahdenabie officials to prevent 'fraud in the transfer of the same.
Section III — That nothing in the provision of this act or any other act shall be construed to prevent, hin
der or restrict any foreign exhibitor, representative or citizen of any foreign nation, or the holder, who is a citizen
of any foreign nation, of any concession or privilege from any fair or exposition authorized by act of Congress
from bringing into the United States, under contract, such mechanics, artisans, agents or other .employes, natives of
their respective foreign countries,- as they or any of them may deem necessary for the purpose of making prepara
tion Tor installing or conducting their exhibits or of preparing for installing or conducting any business "author
ized or permitted under or by virtue of or pertaining to any concession or privilege which may have been or
may be granted. by any said fair or exposition in, connection with such exposition, under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, both as to the admission and return of such person or persons.
Section II — That the Secretary of the Treasury is JVereby authorized and empowered to. make and prescribe
and. from time to time to. change such rules and regulations not inconsistent with the law of the land as he may
deem necessary and proper to execute the provisions of this act and of the acts hereby extended and continued
and of the treaty of December 8. 1894, and with the approval of the President to appoint such agents as he may
deem necessary for the efficient execution of said treaty and said acts. >-.'«*
Provided, however, that said laws shall not apply to the transit of Chinese laborers from one island to an
other island, of the same group, and any island within the jurisdiction of any State or the District of Alaska shall
be considered a part of the mainland under this section. . ".v,!^.*:-
That all laws now in force prohibiting and regulating the coming of Chinese persons and persons of Chinese
descent into the United States and the residence of such persons therein, including sections 5, 6> 7, 8, o, io, II. 13
and 14 of the act entitled "An act to prohibit the coming of Chinese laborers into the United States," approved
September 13, 1888. be, and the sann- are hereby re-enacted, extended and continued so far as the same are not
inconsistent with, treaty obligations, until otherwise provided by law, and said laws shall also apply to the island
territory under, the jurisdiction of the United States and prohibit the immigration of'Chinese laborers not citizens
of the United States from such island territory to the mainland territory of the United States whether in such
island territory at the time of cession or not, and from one portion of the island territory of thfc United States to
another portion, of said island territory. . 'fJt£ W#k
gress assembled:
-A' N:ACT to prohibit the coming into and to regulate the residence within the United States, its Territories
/ra and all territory under its jurisdiction and the District of Columbia, of Chinese and persons of Chinese
/w I descent. . ,V\L
A. ¦ JL Be it. enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Con-
One Packing Concern
discharges Many
Enigloyes,
FULL TEXT OF NEW LAW
PREVENTING AN INVASION
BY CHEAP ASIATIC LABOR
RESENTS
FEDERAL
INQUIRY
VOLUME XCI— NO. 151.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY,: APRII; 30, 1902.
J/f^ ASHINGTON,- April 29 .-'Pres signed tke^C exclusion bill The pen
used was given to Representative K in the bill
GENERAL MACARTHUR TAKES
ALL THE RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO
The San Francisco Call.Woman Prominent in Society and Zealous in Church
and Charitable Work Is No More.
MRS. LLOYD TEVIS PASSES AWAY
LEAVING A MOURNING FAMILY
GEHERAL MAClMUll TAKES ALL RESPOHSIBILITY FOR THE CAPTURE
Continued From Page One.
mediate cause of death was-Brlght's dis
ease. '•¦¦ - v • . ¦ ¦ •
At the time of her detnlse' Mrs. Tevls
was attended by her • watchful- son, -Dr.
Harry C. iTevis, and her daughter, Mrs.
Gordon Blanding.. Her other surviving
daughter, Mrs. Fred Sharon,- Is In Paris,
and Will Tevls, her other' son, who
has made his home for several years in
Bakersfield;" Is absent in Mexico. Dr. M.
Herzstein, ¦ who .had attended Mrs. Tevis
for many years, was present when the
end came. . .
The deceased was born in -Frankfort,
Because of Will Tevls' absence in Mex
ico the time for the funeral has not been
determined. It is expected, however, that
he will b'e^.able to arrive here to-morrow
morning, and in that event the obsequies
will take place In the afternoon.
The direct heirs to the estate are the
four children and the children of Mr. and
Mrs. W. Tevls and Mr. and Mrs. Gordon
Blandlng; Miss Breckenridge, daughter of
Mrs. Fred Sharon; Alice Boalt Tevis and
the infant son of Mrs. Cornelia Baxter
Tevls. :-i/v a '¦-
In the '50's the Saunders family left
Kentucky for California and made their
home in Sacramento, becoming prom
inent among the leaders of the most ex
clusive set in the .State. Lloyd Tevla
married Susan and her sister became the
Wife of J. B. Haggin.
Mrs. Tevls was regarded as one of the
leaders of California's exclusive social
set, and was always in sympathy with
all the social functions of her Southern
friends. Her home was noted for the
gathering of refinement and culture, and
her hospitality was known and acknowl
edged over the whole continent. She was
ardent in all church matters and was a
most active member of Grace Episcopal
Church. She performed many acts of
charity, all unostentatiously. .:-.. '.*-•
Ky., in 1834, hec family being among the
most prominent of the social and political
celebrities of the South. .
LEADER IN CALIFORNIA'S MOST
EXCLUSIVE SOCIAL SET WHO
PASSED .AWAY YESTERDAY.
Court Annuls Contempt ; Order.
1 HELENA, - Mont., ¦ : April 29.— The - Su
preme ' Court' to-day- heard • arguments on
the riiotlon.toset aside 'the order made by
Judge • Harney last Saturday, adjudging
Lawyers John F. Forbla : and. L. O. Evans
of.* Butte guilty of I contempt • and .' fining
them : each $500 \ and, > sending". them^to » jail
for hours. • The", court 'I an
nulled the order and released the bonds
men.'' ¦< The contempt -consisted '. : of -filing
affidavits in a mining suit reflecting on the
Judge. :. : ,;¦¦ ~\: . ¦¦:¦¦¦',¦ ,-¦¦ ; -¦;¦-. ¦¦¦,-- ;
.The • majority; for. the bill -was so . over
whelming that only ; nine members backed
a demand for the ayes i and. noes on i the
passage of the bill. There was some crit
icism of the method! by '¦ which It was pro
posed to pass the bill, without opportunity,
for : amendment, jj which ' Mercer, chairman
of the committee, ' answered by stating
that if the bill had been subject to amend
ment-the .appropriations"" carried ;.by !t
would have been increased to $60,000,000.
.The consideration. ; of,.', the agricultural
appropriation. bill 1 was resumed, but oniy
seven pages were disposed of. 4 , ; ¦
'The, bill provides for seventy-seven new
buildings and. sites,. six buildings on sites
already purchased, seventeen buildings on
donated sites, and fifty-eight increases, in
appropriations for buildings already au
thorized. It also provides for the, pur
chase of sixteen sites. ¦¦ -. ¦. ¦-.¦¦. , ¦• . ¦
I WASHINGTON, April 29.'— Under a spe
cial order which allowed there hours . for
debate, but which cut off all opportunity
of amendment, the House to-day: passed
an omnibus public building bill, which
.will distribute $17,405,450 among 184 cities.
Aa the bill covers Into the treasury $1,585,'
000,- the total amount carried by the 'bill
is reduced to* that, extent. , .'
Measure Garry ing Seven
teen Million Dollars
: -Passed.
General George A. Davis has , arrived at
Lake Lano, island of -Mindanao, and has
had an interview nine dattos , who
were desirous ¦ of peace ; and v friendship.
Pappou, one of these- dattos, said -he did
not write the defiant, letter • received by
the Americans at the time "of the* mas-'
DATTOS v DESIRE . PEACE.
MANILA, April 29.— When the trial by
court-martial of , General ! Jacob V H. Smith
was resumed to-day Pedro Bella, a boy
"mascot" of Company; E ; of .the Ninth
Infantry, commanded by Captain Thomas
W. Connell, who Was , niassacred by ¦ the
Samar natives at Balangiga, testified that
he saw Captain Connell's ; death wound
given "by a boy of* 15.. The witness saw
several other boys of the.; same age
among the natives 'who took t part in the
massacre and thought- he could, himself,
use .a .bolo against' a soldier.''- , ¦../.
Captain Waldo ,;E.'- Myer, General
Smith's .adjutant- general, : said-, he; had
been closely in touch with all , the move
ments and knew General J: Smith's plans,
purposes and feeling , at every '¦• phase. I He
added that on ; the general's arrival the
coast was deserted and, he saw-the same
towns filled with- people when he. left. But
so far' as the people of Samar were con
cerned he met only one . man * worthy i of
respect, -who was sincere,'; patriotic and
honorable.' He must admit, however, that
the man with this qualification was born
at Marinduque of Tagalog ancestry. ; •
- - First Lieutenant Van de Man ot ' the
Twenty-first Infantry, ; who had c charge
of- the military . information:: bureau, de
scribed from the records the treachery of
the natives of Samar. . -" -. — : ' -," \
AT SMITH'S COURT-MARTIAL.
famous policy?" . : ¦¦--.-
Bacon of Georgia expressed the belief
that the disease and great > mortality
among the natives of Batangas province
had been caused by .the laying waste of
the province by war. \,
Parties desiring to visit the Bakersfield Street
Fair and Carnival can secure tickets at one
fare for the round trip. These tickets will be
on sale at the Santa Fe office, 641 Market. et.,
for all trains May 7, good to return until May
11. ¦ ¦ - i ..,¦ ¦ " " ¦ '
Baker sfleld Excursion.
HOUSE RUSHES
BUILDING BILL
MRS. SUSAN SAUNDERS TEVIS,
widow of } Lloyd Tevls.-died at
5 o'clock yesterday, morning at
her late residence, 1316 Taylor
street.
Although she had: not been in robust
health for. some time and though 'she
deeply lamented the death of her son,
Hugh Tevls, which* occurred while he was
on his honeymoon in Japan, there was no
reason for the family to anticipate the
ead ending of the gentle life. The im-
sacre of the. American troops in Minda-
nao. , He asserted that It was written in
the house of a priest- fro m Taisacia, while
he was sick. The priest fled on the ap
pearance of the troops. . '
General Davis says the; policy of wait
ing for a strong force, showing friendship
to the natives and paying for supplies is
having good results. » . '', :
Captain Leo Feblger of the Seventeenth
Infantry is clearing the trails. He.gets
more work out of the Moros than' any
one else. .When the reinforcements reach
Samar the Americans will be near Datto
Bayan, and «may Invite: the chief ¦ to a
friendly conference and request him . to
deliver, up the murderers of American
soldiers, who arc known. to be among his
forces. If be refuses the troops will de
molish his fort;- ¦ ¦¦-•' ' '¦'
Not a' shot has been' fired since Lieuten
ant . Colonel Frank D. Baldwin of the
•Fourth Infantry captured the fort. The
Moros are now impressed with American
valor. They • previously ¦-: thought them
selves Invincible, the Spaniards not hav
ing .reached the -lake. It is believed tliat
when the campaign ig concluded the most
satisfactory conditions will sxist. that the
natives will be friendly and. will fast as
similate with the ways of the Americans.
After some discussion it was decided to
postpone the taking of a vote on the prop
osition until to-morrow morning, at whica
time the committee also will pass upon
the question of the advisability of send
ing a Sub-committee to the Philippines to
continue the Investigation. -. !
RAWLINS" EXPLANATION.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— A spirited
discussion of the Philippine situation oc
curred in the. Senate io-<3ay_ It revolved
around the order alleged to have been is
sued by General Jacob H. Smith to mak
the island of Samar. a howling wilderness
and to kill all the male inhabitants over
the age of 10 years. \
At the conclusion <>f routine business
Rawlins of Utah made a. personal state
ment as to a report of his speech made by
the Associated Press to the effect that he
had. in effect, characterized General
Chaffee as "a dastardly villain" on ac
count of the alleged -..barbarities com
mitted ln the Philippines. Rawlins said
'that an unintentional injustice had been
done him and quoted from his speech in
which he said:
• "I am unable to fix the responsible head
and emanation of these -fearbaritles. which
would disgrace the annals pf even a seml-
Vivtlized country, not to speak of the na
tion which claims to" hold aloft the es
cutcheon of honor and Justice and fair
dealing. Did Chaffee, alone, unaided. In
coldness and in brutality and in savage
and unrelenting disregard of every hu
mane sentiment or possibility of human
suffering, conceive this iniquitous scheme?
Whence— from what diab*olical source wa6
it derived? The American people ought to
know. Is there any penalty beneath the
sun adequate enough to be meted out to
th*- dastardly villain who has thus
brought dishonor upon the American
army and the American people?"
Discussing the alleged order of General
Smith, Teller said he understood that
General Smith had tried to Justify his
order by what is known as the "Tom
Ewing order" during the Civil War. By
this order the population of two counties
in Missouri were deported and their prop
erty destroyed. He' was proceeding to
characterize "the action " of the American
army in the Philippines as most cruel and
barbarous when he was interrupted by
Spooner of t Wisconsin with the inquiry.
"Does the. Senator not remember Fort
.Pillow?" •
"What does the Senator mean by his
reference to Fort Pillow?" -Inquired* Car
mack of Tennessee,. „
"I had in mind," replied Spooner, "what
has been considered a massacre of col
ored.troops there." .
TELLER'S AMENDMENT.
Carmack insisted With some heat that
there was no massacre of troops or killing
ofprisoners at F-ort Pillow.
Teller was continuing his remarks about
General Smith's order when he was in
terrupted by Fairbanks.
"I do not understand," said he, "that
the Government approves of General
Smith's alleged order. A court-martial to
try General Smith was ordered as soon as
Information concerning the matter reach
ed Washington."
Teller replied that, according to a news
paper article he had read to the Senate,
the Information had been in Washing
ton many months, but he knew nothing
about the matter himself. I
Teller offered an amendment to. the
Philippine government bill, providing for
a commission, to be appointed by the
President and to consist of not less than
seven nor more than fifteen persons, to
proceed to the Philippines and to try to
secure a lasting peace between the
United States and the Filipinos, th6
United States to pay the commissioners
salaries of $10,000 a year and all expenses.
Teller said that if- it be true that Gen
eral Smith issued the alleged order, he
ought to be dismissed from the service.
"In the records of all ,the great wars
since the middle-ages," he declared, "you
cannot find such a disgraceful and wicked
order as that issued by General Smith."
Lodge said nothing was known here of
General Smith's order until It was pleaded
by Major Waller as a defense for his ac
tion ln Samar. As soon as Waller had
pleaded that order as his defense, the
President himself had decided that Gen
eral Smith be court-martialed. He said
he did not know whether the order of Gen
eral Smith was verbal or written.
Carmack of Tennessee insisted that the
evidence Indicated that^orders- of t ~a very
extreme character issued in the-Philip
pines were being suppressed— not, i he be
lieved, by the War Department, but by
the military authorities in the Philippines.
In calling attention to the report of the
Secretary of the Batangas province, that
there had been bo great a mortality in the
province as to reduce the population from
300.000 to about 200,000. 'the mortality being
due to disease, Tillmah inquired whether
the Philippine Committee had Investi
gated that matter.
When informed that it had not, he ex
claimed: • • •
"Well, how long are we going to hold
on to this bag of cats? What; benefit is it
to the American people to pursue this-in-
Friday, May 9, will b« Eagles' day at the
Bakersfteld Street Fair and Carnival. Tickets
will bo sold at Santa Fa office*, 641 Market st..
at one I are for the round trip for all trains
May 7, rood to return until May 11. This is a
good chance to visit tho San Joaquta Valley
and th» Kern County Oil Fields.
Eagles' Day at the Batcersfleld Fair.
WASHINGTON. April 29.-Gunner
Charles Morgan of the navy has at last
succeeded in attaining the new commis
sioned grade of chief gunner. Morgan
was recently examined by a board of
chief gunners to determine his fitness for
promotion, and the board reported that
while he was mentally and professionally
qualified his general reputation was such
that his promotion could not be recom
mended on moral grounds. *
Secretary Long determined to give Mor
gan a second chance, and another board
was appointed to examine him. This
hoard has reported that Morgan Is men
tally, professionally and morally eligible,
and its recommendation that he be ad
vanced to the grade of chief gunner was
approved by Secretary Long to-day. -
These confirmations by the Senate are
announced: William H. Moody of Massa
chusetts, to be Secretary of the Navy;
Ruf us Waterman of Rhode Island, Con
sul at Dublin. Postmasters— D. A. Daw
son, Reno, Nev.; S. F. Kelly, San Bernar
dino. Cal. '
OUNNEE CHAELES MOBGAH
OBTAINS A CO2QIISSX02T
The above ¦ mentioned . railway lines
should be finished and exploited in strict
adherence to the agreement made be
tween Russia and Great, Britain on April
16, 1899. and to the , agreement made on
September 28, 1898, with a private com
pany with regard to- a- loan for the con
struction of , the above-mentioned lines,
and with adherence,- to . the obligations
taken upon itself by this company, name
ly, not to enter into possession or in any
way' whatever administer the lines of
Shanghai, Huan, Inkoy and Slnmlntin.
"Should there take place in the future
a continuation of railway lines in South
ern Manchuria or construction of branch
lines to them or erection of a bridge at
Inkoy or the remOvalotthe existing ter
minus of the railway;llne, all these ques
tions must previously be agreed upon' by
the Russian and Chinese Governments.
In consequence of the fact that the ex
pense incurred by the Russian Govern
ment for the construction and exploitation
of the railway, lines of Shanghai, Huan.
Inkoy, Slnmlntin were not included in
the total sum of damages— the Chinese
Government shall compensate the, same
after deliberating with the Russian Gov
ernment on the sum to be returned.".
DISPOSITION OF KAIL WAYS.
In view of the necessity of warding off
in ' future the possibility of a repetition
of the disorders in which Chinese troops
stationed in the provinces participated,
an agreement is to be reached as to the
strength and distribution of Chinese
troops in Manchuria until ' the province
has been evacuated. After complete evac
uation the Chinese Government "will have
the right to decide upon the strength of
the troops stationed in Manchuria, sub
ject to 'increase or decrease after timely
information of the Russian Government,
"as it is understood," to quote the article,
"that the maintenance of troops in undue
numbers in the above mentioned region
would immediately bring 1 about the in
¦cre'ase'pf Russian^ forces Iri-the neighbor
ing*' disttlcts 'and wcruld">thus involve a
very disadvantageous increase of expen
diture for warlike necessities for both
Jcountries," '•¦¦* '- .' ' ¦'¦ ' -: ! ' ; lV: \ '
- ¦ China - agrees; to 'strictly execute the
terms' of the contract" entered upon with
the Russo-Chtaese- Bank in 1896- 'and to
protect by all means the railway line and
its employes, as well as to Insure the se
.curity within -the limits, of Manchuria of
all Russian subjects located. there and the
enterprises established by them. For
police service and the maintenance of or
der outside of the territories set apart for
the Chinese Eastern Railway, there will
.be formed exclusively of." subjects of the
Emperor of China a Chinese mounted and
foot police guard* at the local governor
ships.
Article IV of the treaty provides: "The
Russian Government consents to return
to the owners the railway lines of Shang
hai, Huan, Inkoy, Sinmlntin,- occupied and
protected by Russian troops from the be
ginning of September, 1900. In view of this
the Government of his Majesty-the Em
peror of . China, promises should there be
a necessity. of protecting, the above-men
tioned lines, this obligation would be im
posed uport the. Chinese Government alone.
No other. Government is to be invited to
take part In "the protection, construction
and exploitation, of these lines, or. allow
foreign powers S to', occupy -the territory
evacuated by the Russians."
OBLIGATIONS FOR CHINA.
Government officers say that this ar
ticle conclusively vindicates Russia of the
charges so .persistently circulated by the
European press— that she proposed to
maintain permanent sovereignty over
Manchuria. Russia agrees by the treaty
to evacuate Manchuria within eighteen
months, the first six months to withdraw
from the southwestern part of the Muk
den province; within the next six months,
the remaining part of Mukden province
and the province of Ghirin, and within
the following. six months the province of
Kheyluntslan. : - .. , . •
CALL BUREAU," 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 29.— The Call
correspondent obtained to-day a copy of
Ihe convention entered into by Russia
and China with regard. to Manchuria, It
is now published .for the- first time. It
provides primarily, for.'the.cornplete evac
uation of Manchuria in -fulfillment of the
pledge made by Russia when she' first oc
cupied that section : of- China. In addition
it has many other important and inter
esting provisions which establish Rus
sia's preferential position in the northern
part of the empire and will prevent any
further question being raiseu by foreign
powers regarding it.
The first article states that the Emperor
of Russia, "desiring to give' another proof
of his love of peace and friendly senti
ments toward his Majesty, the Emperor
of China, notwithstanding that the first
attacks v . were made from Manchurlan
frontier points upon peaceful Russian set
tlements, consents to the re-establishment
of the rule of the Chinese empire and re
turns . to the Chinese Government the
right to establish their government and
administrative power, such as existed be
fore the occupation of this territory by
the Russian troops." * - ¦ ¦ •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stories of a Desire to Maintain Per
manent Sovereignty Over the Ter- .
,-— xitory Are Disproved, by-Lat
v. ~ '-,,. est Diplomatic Action.
Complete Evacuation by the
'-¦ Czar's Troops the Chief
¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ .
-: -.:"i-' Featura
WASHINGTON", April 23. — President
Havemeyer and other officials of tha
American Sugar Company will be asked
to appear and give testimony before th«
sub-committee of the Senate Committee
on Relations -with Cuba, "appointed to in
quire into the question or Cuban sugar
holdings, and they will be the tlrst wit
nesses called.
- The sub-committee held its .first meeting
to-day with all the members of the com
mittee—Senators Platt of Connecticut,
Burnham and Teller— present. The dis
cussion was a very general one, but no
definite result, beyond that of deciding to
call the trust officials, was reached. The
suggestion that they should be summoned
was made by Senator Platt. who said that
for obvious reasons the Inquiry should, be
gin with them. Senator Teller replied
that the proposition met with his entire
approval. No time was fixed for the next
meeting, but it was agreed that it should
take place as soon as the witnesses could
be secured. No names of other witnesses
were mentioned, but Senator Teller said
he -would from time to time make sugges
tions in that respect. He said he had no
very extended list and the opinion was
generally expressed that the investigation
would not be long-drawn unless men
should be summoned from Cuba, in which
case some time might be necessary to se
cure the persons wanted. The committee
has not decided whether any Cubans shall
be invited to attend, but Teller indicated
his purpose to press for their appearance.
Aiter the adjournment Senator Platt.
chairman of the committee, expressed the
opinion that the consideration of the reci
procity bill would not be delayed on ac
count of the proposed inquiry, but that
the committee would probably proceed
with it3 work independent of the investi
gation. .;.
Public.
Details of the Convention
:V With China Made
Legislators Begin Inquiry Into
Cuban Sugar Ques-
American Sugar Com
pany President to
Give Testimony.
RUSSIANS
WILL LEAVE
MANCHURIA
SENATORS WILL
HEAR HAVEMEYER
THE SAN FKANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30, 1902.
2
All Humors
Are impure matters* which the ,skin,
liver, kidneys and other organs cannot
take. care of without! help, there is such
an ' accumulation of them!
., They litter the whole system.
¦ Pimples, boils, eczema :and other,
eruptions, loss ?of .appetite, that tired
feeling, bilious turns*, fits't of j- indiges-
tion, dull headaches, and many other
troubles are due to. them.- \ ;•;.'.:•;
Hood's Sqrsqparillq
and Pills
Remove all humors, overcome all their
effects, strengthen, ', tone and invigorate
the '.whole system. . • • ;f'- - :
'. i Testimonials *of remarkable cures. mailed oii
request. } C. I." HOOD CO.,"; Lowell,; Mass.' 7."
ATTENTIOlC
VOTERS!
Registerjt Once.
All citizens - must register to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m., and WEDNESDAY.
EVENING from 8 to 9.
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF AHATOHY^
¥ bP 1551 UA2SSJK. tat. 6ai?^,S.?.CiI.i
\ J~4 Tbe Larvest Actatomictl Musram in the \
0 iiJVj _ u 'orid. We«kaestes or any contracted M
iL ¥& $&I *«««.»-" lll »-»r cor.* hy the oldest f
0 is£ fe I ea *' lst on >^ >e Coasi Eit. 36 years. Q
V K^fa 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ P(SSSh Con-mltition free and strieily prirate. \
9 I TiWH Ti«annent personally or by letter. A 4
f I » ? ¦ /"»«ift»3 Curs in e»ery ease under taken. \
B&U A Write for Book. Pait.O1OPIY<if >
9 • H * IAHIMGE. MAtLSO FXBB. (A Y
1 Q I , valuable book for mm) \
9 JDB. J OltDAN * CO.. 1051 KarketSt.a F. f
lj^^^@^<^^^KLECTUIc r TRrSS S M
U "^ Nothing like it. Comfort &M
H l --^>fcv*' security 1 A Perfect Retainer, JBj
H ' fMft n"* doe9 tne wor k! i^" Call or mm
/jS9\ write today tor "BQOXI^T bo. 1-" Jm!
Address: Maonf tic E.TrossCo^ ISS
206 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal. BS ;1
or 1 143 Broadway, New York, Mention ttla ?ap«r Bmt
j&ZE&F&S&Ja m^ r a t0T Gonorrhoea,
£i^J« Spermatorrhce<
**e» In 1 to 5 days. \fl chargBi, or any lnflammi-
QiC¥ Q»ax»ni»d u» *• tion, irritation or nlcera-
Bh— m Pittent eoot»fi.a. : uob of mncoQB men-
|PS|THEE»*MjCHEM:aiCo. b £?JV N^!f^!«L at -
B Circular sent oa request.
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
»x -i v 8SCa0iber,?3.T5.
U/\VT/vlvT/>4* SHR£VC & BARBER
K P, Vfl I VP I CO - San Francisco.
1 \V Y VI 1 7 V 1 Guas . Fishing: Tackle
and Sportlns Ooodi.
¦ 8«nd tor Catalosrua.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
_ on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON-
JCWILSON & CjK. T5SSS%ff&
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
FA^ RftVF"?*rO ShiPPta* Butcher*. 104
JAJ- DUIE.3 C CU cuy. T»l. Mato 13M.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD i ET.Uia.
; <13 Front it.. 8. F. Phone Main UU.
PRINTING.
EvC HUGHES. ,uaS,».
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
the HicKa-jcDi> coMMBplKBi
33 FJnt itreet. Eaa Fraaclica.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(what is weakness? I
" ' ''"'.'. J The ldea that
- '• functional weak-
VS5Sa3fc'5£Ka ness, in men Is
-' '.dMWffBpy^lftt ' due to lacJc ot ner-
/tPrfSw*^ vous energy has
t&ivlW \ lons been preva-
il JHS3 mi hA Ienl- But the P rev -
KnSs /xsnTftl alenee of a theory
w**Sl -~5r y is no proof »t its
W^TtL x \ correctness. Hun-
Vvv^Vk VJ :' dreda of men with
I TS^iSc./* -jg&ZAJ nerves like steel
are' afflicted "with
' 1 bo -called "weak-
• K- MJ8BWS] ' ness.". The condt-
A tion Is merely due
- y\ \ A^v t0 a 8t *te .of
/'A. I-' ji\"-y -Tronic inflamma-
/ VVl'-^tif \ \ tlon ln the pros-
l \<rrwn V-J tate. gland.. This
* \\JFl gland, being tha
' \ VwL / ¦ . vital center of tha
* TB> •¦: . organic ii^iten,
O. C. JOSI-EN, M. D., functional disorder
The Leading Specialist, naturally follows.
"' Of what use. then.
can stimulants . and tonics be? I have per-'
fected a .nystem of local treatment that
cures quickly and ¦ permanently. It re-
stores the prostate to its normal condition
which brlnjrs ' full ; and : complete J strength
; and vigor. By no other method can a radi-
cal cure be- hoped for.
Write for my pamphlet. "Live All Your
Tears a Man." r Consul tation free at office
or by mail. " _ --. . .- ¦
dr. o. ;-'c. joslen;
''1049 Market Street,
Diagonally Opposite Hlbemla Bank.
ThU «lgnatnra Is on every box of the gennto*
, Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabieu
thi remedy that cures a roia tn one day,
A Good Piatlo
- t^^^^^^^^^^yC ' more nJ £h Rrnde pianos than any other
t^jL fcnuse on the coast, among them the
' Bteck. Everett, Hardman, Conover.
'^^^^^^^^^^PPlplf arc°E0l'd BA n RGAIN COUNTER P'ANOS"
\'^^^^^^Mj^Mk 931-933 MARKET STREET,
vlliinmk \ u^^Ttm &.11 1 " t " Btreet . ca . rs 8t °P 'M
. Oakland Branch Sal Broadway.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DID NOT KNOW SHE
HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Never Suspect It.
¦ ; - ; — :M Wi
Gertrude Warner Scott Cured by the; Great; ;
Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root. ;
Vinton. Iowa, July 15th, 190L
DR. KILMER & CO., Binghamton. N. T.
Gentlemen— In the summer. of 1S93. I -was taken violently 1IL My trouble be-
. ran with pain in my stomach and back, so severe that it seemed as if knives
were cutting me. I was treated by two of the best physicians in the county,
and consulted another. None of them suspected that the cause of my trouble
was kidney disease. They all told trie that I had cancer of the stomach, and
would die. I grew so weak that I could not walk any more than a child a
month old. and I only weighed sixty pounds. One day my brother saw ln a
paper your advertisement of Swamp-Uoot, the great kidney remedy. He bought
me a bottle at our drug store and I took It. My family could see a change in
me, for the better, so they obtained more and I continued the use of Swamp-
Root regularly. I was so weak and run down that it took considerable time
to build me up again. I am now well, thanks to Swamp-Root, and weigh US
pounds, and am keeping house for my husband and brother on a farm. Swamp-
Root cured me after the doctors had failed to do -me a particle of good.
(Gertrude Warner Scott.)
"Women f 6Uffer untold misery because the nature of their disease is not cor-
rectly understood; in many cases when doctoring they are led to believe that
•womb trouble or female weakness of some sort is responsible, for their ills,
when in fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and bladder-
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A trial will convince anyone—
and you may have a sample bottle sent free, by mail. ...
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Free by IVIail^
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms ; of kidney or blad-
der trouble, or if there is a trace of it In your family history,- send at once -to j
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.. who will gladly send you 'by mail, im-'
mediately, without cost to you. a sample bottle" of Swamp-Root,, and a book
telling all about Swamp-Root and containing many of toe rupon • thou-^.
sands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. In writing
to Dr. Kilmer & Co,. Binghamton, N. Y.."be sure to'say that . you read this '
generous offer In the San Francisco Dally. Call. - ... . ; .
, If you are already convinced . that Swamp-Root Is what you' need, you 'can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug" storei '
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle. .TACOMA. April • 29.— "Bie * Mike" , Burke,
who killed M. J. Griffin in Tacoma last night,
was arrested at Kalama this morning. .
EUREKA, April 29.— Carl Anderson, em
ployed at a bolt camp near Glendale, was
acidentally killed this morning by a log
rolling over him. Anderson's body was
crushed flat. He was about 22 years old.
Crushed by a Rolling Log. »
- CHICAGO, April 29.— A Judgment 'for
$952,017 against > Jose - F. de ; Navarro ? and
in ; favor of the. New York Loan * and t Im
provement Company was entered in; the
Supreme, Court to-day. Navarro --Is- the
father-in-law of Mary - Anderson, the re
tired actress, and the builder- of the Na-»
varro flats in - Fifty-ninth street. , ..The
Judgment Is the result of the financial
stress - in which Navarro became involved
in 1S86.
Must Pay* Nearly a Million.
SEATTLE. April 29.— The establishment
of a new line of steamers, to be operated
from Seattle and Tacorria In connection
with the Northern Pacific, is announced
In a special dispatch from Boston -to the
Post-Intelligencer. The company has been
financed in Boston by the banking house
of Kidder. Pcabody & Co. ; .
The steamer Shawmut of 11,200 tons,
launched ¦ at Baltimore on December Jl;
sailed from, Philadelphia for Seattle to
day and upon arrival will at once begin
her voyage, which will extend from the
Sound to Vladivostok. Chinese and Jap
anese ports and Manila. A sister ship,
the Tremont, is now being built at Balti
more for the company. Other vessels al
ready procured are the Hyades, the Plela-'
des and the Lyra, well known in Pacific
ports. Frank Waterhouse & Co. of Seat
tle are to We Pacific Coast managers of
the line. An' official of •the company la
quoted in the special from Boston as say-*
ing:.- ¦ .-..-<. . ¦¦• ¦ ¦ • : - . .¦ -
' 'The line will bo for .. freight purposes
only, and. If. everything goes as we ex
pect, it\wlll not be long before we will
nave to build more steamers.".- ' . -
. ¦ ¦¦• ; ; — _4i _ .¦ ¦" : : -.:
Puget Sound and Ports of
' Far East.
Five Great Steamships to Ply Between
FREIGHTERS TO CONNECT
SEATTLE . WITH I ORIENT
HAMBURG, April 29.— The Hamburg-
American line steamer Deutschland, dis
abled at sea by the loss of her rudder
while on a voyage from New York, has
been examined and - the officials of the
company admit that the repairs will neces
sitate laying up the r vessel for some time.
The Deutscnland' will. proceed to Belfast
¦for Royal Roads.
BERLIN, April 29.— Captain A. Albers
of the Hamburg-American steamer
Deutschland.fell dead of heart failure in
the charthouse of hl3 vessel- as she was
approaching the port of Cuxhaven.' He
exnired in the arms of his - first officer,
who caught him as he fell. -
The . long hours spent ' by Captain /Al
bers on the bridge of the vessel after the
loss of her rudder at sea, which occurred
before the Deutschland reached Plymouth
and during the passage of the North Sea;
probably hastened the captain's collapse.
As the senior captain of the Hamburg-
American ' Steam Packet Company, 'Cap
tain Albers expected to retire after a few
more trips.- Emperor William has sent a
telegram to the Hamburg-American Com
pany, in which he "expresses -his sorrow at
the loss of so excellent and canable an
'officer, < who "brought my brother • from
the United .States. The. steering of the
rudderless Deutschland ; with. her. screws
ton. her last homeward trip was a "master
stroke of seamanship. -Honor to his mem
ory.", • -; r - ¦-.:.--' -•• ¦... ¦»¦ ¦' •.;...
Rush to Yosemite Valley.
YOSEMITE. 'April ' 29.— Never - before ,in
the history of Yosemite Valley has there
been such a < rush of travel. More than
500 tourists have passed over- the AVawona
route into the valley , during April. All
the trails in the valley are open.
SAN JOSE, April 29.— The charges made
before the City Council last night by
Henry E. Miller, who accused Andrew J.
Mackenzie and other ' members* of the
Police and. Fire Commission of malfeas
ance in office, and asked forHhe removal
of Mackenzie, were sworn to -to-day by
Miller and formally filed with City Clerk
Cook by Attorney H. A. Hardinge. This
probably means an investigation, in ac
cordance with the City Council's resolu
tions of last night.- The. resolutions de
nounced Miller as an erratic and irre
sponsible person and contained a clause
with the proviso £hat the Council would
Investigate the charges "if sworn to by a
responsible person." It Is not believed the
Council will take refuge behind the pro
viso, especially as the accused men de
clare that they court a hearing.
Miller and his- backers declare the half
has not been told; that not only will they
show that extprtion has been practiced In
the Fire Department and among the
gamblers, but that the "gang" has levied
upon all departments of city work. ¦
While the charges are centered upon
Andrew J. Mackenzie, other, members of
the commission are included in a blanket
charge. If the accusations against Mac
kenzie can be proved, the others will be
taken up one at a time. It is known that
Miller has received the backing of reput-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fortunate Escape "of Trainmen in an
Accident Near Mill
Valley.
MILL VALLEY, April 29.— A wreck oc
curred on the North Shore Railroad, near
Mill Valley, this morning. ! Much damage
was done to the company's property and
the engineer and fireman both had narrow
escapes from death, but no passengers
were injured. The engine was overturned
and the smoking car went on top of it,
but fortunately there was no one in the
smBking car at the time. A defective
switch was the cause of the accident.
The train left Mill Valley for Sausalito
at 7:45 o'clock. It consisted of locomotive
No. 2 and three coaches. Conductor
Stein was in charge, Charles Stocker was
engineer and P. Begley fireman. Th<»
train had gained considerable speed, and,
when passing the Robert Dollar lumber
yard switch, the rails spread and the en
gine was hurled into the ditch. It over
turned and the smoker piled on top of it.
Engineer Stocker jumped to save him
self, but Fireman Begley went down with
the locomotive and had a narrow escape.
A re!ief train was sent from Sausalito
and the passengers were delayed only an
hour.
ENGINE AND SMOKER
GO INTO THE DITCH
CAPTAIN DIES
IN MATE'S ARMS
Mayor Martin and the Council make
light of the charges and denounce them
as malicious. The Mayor said that no
special meeting would be called > to con
sider them, but that they would be taken
up at the Council's meeting next Monday
night. . .
If the charges are true, the gamblers
were the main support of the California
Club. It is declared In the accusation
that they were assessed $25 a month and
sometirn.es as much as $400 a month was
carried to the California Club by Frank
Cheek, a saloon-keeper, who gave the
money to John D. Mackenzie. The Police
Commissioners are charged with having
known of this alleged system of black
mail.
According- to Miller, the money collected
from ; the . firemen • was, deposited in- the
Commercial andhSavings Bank of this city
by. the men' who made the collections and
was subsequently drawn from the bank,
turned over to the Chief of the Fire De
partment and by him taken to. the Cali
fornia Club, where it was given to John
D. Mackenzie, now a State Harbor Com
missioner.
able citizens and* .that some witnesses
have been'secured..-,-
In order to prevent confusion and for
the general protection of the public wir?
ropes will be strung along the route of the
parade, and all trade, including street
ccrs. suspended after 10:30 o'clock on Fri
day morning. On Thursday afternoon
similar protection will be afforded during
the Elks' parade, which promises to be
one of the big features of the week's
celebration.
Already thousands of visitors are pour
ing in, and it is believed that the crush
on the streets during the fiesta parade on
Friday will be greater than ever before.
LOS ANGELES, April 29.— Los Angeles
is rapidly assuming a gala appearance.
Decorations are becoming general
throughout the business section, and from
every roof and window float fiesta colors —
green, gold and red— and the national em
blem. Electric bulbs are strung on both
sides of Spring street, Broadway and
Main street, where every convenient tele
graph, telephone and electric light pole
is used to hold decorative palms and
streamers of bunting. All work of deco
ration will have been completed by to
morrow noon and at night the current
will be turned on.
the Days of the Fiesta Is
Expected.
Record-Breaking Attendance During
CABNTVAIi COLORS GBACE .
LOS ANGELES STREETS
many of the visiting brothers. 'Hon. |
Thomas Flint of San Juan and Judge
Angellottl of San Rafael are both past
grand masters of the Masons in Califor
nia, . and C. S. Henderson of Stockton is
the present deputy grand master.'
This evening at the plunge ,• baths a
swimming contest was watched with keen
interest by many of the Natives. ,
One of the popular forms of entertain
ment provided by the • people of Santa
Cruz for guests. Is. the. trip "around
the cliff . drive and - to Capitola.- ¦ A' stop
is made at the Ben Lomond winery, and
¦ The first half-hour of the Grand Parlor
session this evening was taken up with a
stereopticon exhibition -for the exemplifi
cation of the ritual. Native Son Masons
who are in attendance at the Grand Par
lor, \o the number of about seventy, were
the guests of the local Masonic fraternity,
¦which tendered them a reception in Ma
sonic Temple. It was an informal affair
and was followed by a banquet in the
Masonic collation-room. The tables had
been elegantly decorated for the occasion,
and Worthy Master T. G. McCreary was
toastmsister. There were speeches by
MASONS ENTERTAIN.
'¦¦; During, the evening session Senator Bel
shaw reported for the, committee on leg
islation. A number;: of V changes in the
constitution were- made.' r ,- The seven trus
teesyare. to, be, 'fleeted ,At large, and in
consequence r the work' of the committee
on redistricting the' State came to an end.
An amendment- was-passed delegating to
the board of grand officers : power to re
move, a grand; officer for neglect of duty
or for, unbecoming conduct. A new com
mittee was authorized— that on the de
velopment of 'the resources of California,
It is to . consist of eleven members, who
are; to act with similar committees from
other organizations for the promotion of
the material welfare of the State. An
other committee, on "publicity and press,"
Is to receive information from the officers
and members of each parlor and give it
out .to the press of the State. Another
committee of. ten, on "home industry,"
was created. " ' ." ". . .-. ' -:
Washington Dodge- of San Francisco
spoke at some length on a suggestion
that the order interest Itself In the ques
tions of irrigation and forest preserva
tion. . •" . • . . •
other societies and committees of a like
nature. ¦• • ¦ . ¦• .¦
CAPE TOWN, April 29.— At to-day's
hearing in the Supreme Court of the
charge of forgery brought against
Princess Radziwill, the defendant, testify
ing in her own behalf, swore that the
notes were not forgeries and said they
were handed to her by Mrs. ¦ Schultz.
whose husband died since the case was
opened.
Says Notes Are Not Forgeries.
MILLER SWEARS
TO HIS CHARGES
Under a beautiful bower the tables were
ret. The spot chosen v was beneath the
immense veranda in front of the plunge
baths, skirting Monterey Bay and scarce
200 feet from the rolling surf. Above and
on the sides redwood boughs and ferns
had been placed, and the green foliage
was interspersed with calla lilies. Besides
the mussels and potatoes there were nu
merous varieties of liquid refreshmentsr
and the banqueters consumed 300 loaves
of bread, two kegs of pickles and several
Great preparations had been made for
the mussel bake. In the rear of the bath
house a monster pit had been dug; rocks
had been placed, to line the bottom anil
sides, and all night long Head Chef
Frank Gilbert watched the fire. At 7
o'clock this morning 100 sacks of mussels
were placed on the rocks. • They were
then covered with canvas and wet sacks,
over which was placed a deep layer of
sand. When disinterred the bivalves were
done "to the queen's taste." About 209
pounds of potatoes were baked in the pit
as a side issue.
joyed in very few places outside
of Santa Cruz. The mussels were served
In full view of the broad expanse of the
Pacific. ' " ¦ ' . :
Immediately upon the adjournment of
the Grand Parlor, at riooff;' a parade was
formed, in charge of Grand Marshal
Taaffe. Hastings' band led the van, and
the members of the local . parlor. . with
Leonard Winkle as marshal, preceded the
members of the Grand Parlor, who pre
sented a fine appearance on the march to
the beach.
SANTA CRUZ, April 29.— The mus
sel bake was the ( "real McCoy"
of the Native Sons' programme
to-day, and the visitors were
treated to a novelty, to be en-
At the . afternoon session the report of
the grand trustees in regard to the pres
ervation of the historic landmarks of Cal
ifornia was read by Past Grand President
J. Knowland and adopted. In this report
it was recommended that Immediate steps
be taken for the preservation of land
marks connected witB the early history
of the State. Those particularly pointed
out were' the ruins of Fort Ross, in So
noma County, wiiere a Russian colony
was founded in 1812; Colton Hall, In Mon
terey, where California's first constitu
tional convention was held, and all the
old missions, whose history is' so inter
woven with the early life of the State. It
was recommended* that the new grand
president appoint a committee of seven,
to be known as the historic - landmark
committee, to work, in conjunction with
In the Grand Parlor session this morn
ing the most exciting business was 'the
selection of the, next- place of . meeting.
.Bakersneld . was chosen. . George Cos-,
grave presented the claims of Fresno,
promising., therjdelegates all .the ijraisins
they could '-consume. r J.' VW.. :Ahenr» of '
Bakersfield told of his nine ; days' • trip; to-
Santa Cruz and of the hot. air he had ex
pelled in advancing the attractions; of
his city. - He promised to show, the dele
gates the championship oil belt, the-big
gest irrigation ditch, the finest - alfalfa
patch, the sturdiest boys and the pret
tiest girls In the State. The vote was' by
roll call and the majority was with the
Kern metropolis.
There being no opposition, Santa Rosa
was. unanimously awarded-the Admission
day celebration. . v
TWO CITIES MADE HAPPY.
wagonloads of "oranges. There were seats
at the table for 500 persons. . After the
mussel bake a promenade concert was
enjoyed. •„*
here "a great surprise is In waiting. . The
winery is one of the most complete in the
State, and In it are several tunnels, each
more than 100 feet In length, penetrating
the solid rock of the hillside. At the end
of one of these tunnels is a typical min
ing scene, the sight of which brings ex
clamations of surprise and delight from
spectators. There is a miniature water
fall, and near by among the . rocks are
several miners with picks in hand who
are engaged in washing, gold. -The light
'imy-of the tunnel-is "•entirely- by candles
and the effect is extremely picturesque. -
NATIVES CAUGHT "ON THE WING" AT SANTA CRUZ BY THE SNAPSHOT KODAK OF A CALL CARTOONIST.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," ¦ $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall."
the best $1 fountain pen in the world.
Sanborn.-VaU & Co.. 7U Market st. •
The Best Fountain Pens.
Crone at once took legal steps to gain
the place to which Mayor Clark had ap
pointed him, bringing suit against the
members of the Board of Trustees to
compel them to recognize him as a rep
resentative from the Second Ward. The
suit v.'as heard by Judge Bennett of El
Dorado County, the Trustees contending
that there never had been any valid ad
judication of insanity, and that Kent's
absence from the city was with the per
mission of the board. Judge Bennett de
cided in line with this contention.
SACRAMENTO, April 29.— Robert E.
Kent was to-day Judicially declared en
titled to his seat as a member of the
Board of Trustees of Sacramento. The
proceeding which culminated in to-day's
decision by Superior Judge M. P. Ben
nett of El Dorado County was a remark
able one. Kent became afflicted with a
mental trouble which required his com
mitment to the State Asylum at Stockton.
After a few months had passed Mayor
Clark nominated John W. Crone to fill
the place on the Board of Trustees
which, he held, Kent's commitment to
an asylum had rendered vacant. When
Crone sought to take his seat he found
it occupied by Kent, who meanwhile had
procured his release at Stockton on the
ground that his commitment, in view of
a recent Supreme Court decision, was not
valid.
City Trustee of Sacra
mento.
SETAINS OFFICE WHEN
ASYLUM GATES OPElV
Court Declares Robert E. Kent Is a
"I am not prepared to say. what caused
the great drop in Leroi. It is Impossible
for me to say whether the showing in the
mine is such as to justify this 'bear' raid.
Any one may organize a 'bear' raid. It Is
possible in such cases that there may be
no reason from the mining point of view,
and, again, it may be a bluff which no one
has seen tit to calL There are 3300 share
holders in the Leroi, of whom more than
1000 are Americans." •
The Leroi is the largest mine in British
Columbia ana reguiariy ships lOuO tons of
ore a aay. Last week at tnis time Leroi
was selling at £5, and there being JWU.UXI
shares, the total value of the stock was
$5,OU0,ou0. To-day its total value was but
VI ,000,000, which leaves a balance of $3,0oo,
u»j as net profits to those who sold
""short."
It is said that the returns from ore sent
to the Northport smelter from the Leroi
lately have been lower than for any pre
vious time in recent years and that lower
grade ore has been handled. Besides, a
large number of men have been laid off dur
ing ihe last couple of days tor the reason
as given by the management, that copper
prices are too low to make the handling:
of that ore profitable. Nevertheless, it is
a fact Aha t copper has been low in 'price
for several months and there has been no
recent change in the market, as the lay
ing off of men to-day would seem indirect
ly to indicate. Bernard McDonald, former
manager of the Leroi, said to-day:
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 29.— One of
the most remarKable instances of the ef
fects of a "bear" raid on a British Colum
bia mining stock in the London market
has occurred during the last five days.
Stockholders who sold "short" on Leroi
have cleared $3,000,000 and the stock was
changing hanas on the London exchange
to-day at a lower figure tn.au ever.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
It was suggested to Mrs. Lowe that the
women were greatly excited over these
questions, and she was asked if she didn't
really believe that this biennial would
prove something out of the ordinary.
"I have heard nothing at all about all
this," replied Mrs. Lowe. "To speak for
my State — although I have been quite de
tached from State work for several years
past— I will say that the women of Geor
gia are not at all concerned over the
questions indicated. Indeed, I. have not
heard the subjects discussed anywhere. I
have no fixed opinion myself."
GRAND CANYON, Ariz., April 29.—
Three Santa. Fe trains en routs to Los
Angeles and numbering 500 club women
spent to-day sightseeing at the Grand
Canyon. Mrs. N. P. Caldwell of Provi
dence, R. I., and Mrs. A. , B. Chamber
lain of Grand Rapids, Mich., were tem
porarily overcome by their exertions. The
parties, including the Illinois, Ohio. Iowa
and Missouri specials, left to-night four
hours behind schedule time.
Mrs. Lowe expressed herself as delight
ed with her five days' trip across the con
tinent and was none the worse for the
Ions Journey. When asked, if she expect
ed any serious contests in the convention
on the subjects of reorganization and tha
color line the national president was non
committal and blandly replied that she
had not given either question serious
thought. ' ¦
"Oh, I am sure there won't be any,"
she continued. "We always have had de
lightful times at our biennials, and I an
ticipate the best convention of all hero
in your beautiful city. I really haven't
any opinions myself. I am willing, more
than willing, to abide by the decision of
the majority. I have perfect faith In the
good sense and wisdom of our women,
and whether we reorganize or not, or
whatever steps are taken, will be after
judicious deliberation by the women, and
the verdict will be acceptable to me. I
am the presiding officer .only, and ray
duty is solely to see that everybody has
fair play." ' » • :
LOS ANGELES, April 29.— A large num-r
ber of delegates to the 'biennial conven
tion of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs . arrived in Los Angeles to
day, and by to-morrow afternoon prac
tically all will have been escorted to their
headquarters, in readiness for the open
ing session.' Delegations from Georgia,
including National President Mrs. Re
becca Doufflaa Lowe, Kansas, Texas,
Iowa, Nebraska, Minnesota, the Judson
and the Raymond-Whitcomb parties cama
In during the day. Mrs. Lowe's party
was met at San Bernardino by a local re
ception committee and escorted to head
quarters In the Van Nuys Hotel.
1
All Is in Readiness for the
Opening of the General
¦ Federation.
Britith Columbia Stocks Are
Attacked on ths London
Exchange.
Club Women Invade Los
Angeles on Special
' Trains.
Leroi Mine Shares Fall to
Two-Fifths of For
mer Value.
FAIR DELEGATES
CROWD THE GARS
"BEAR" RAIDERS
WIN MILLIOIIS
NATIVES FEAST UPON LUSCIOUS BIVALVES
WITHIN SIGHT OF THE THUNDERING SURF
Five Hundred Quests of Santa Cruz Regale Themselves With flussels in a Redwood Bower
Overlooking the Blue Expanse of the Pacific.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, APRIL 30, , 19O2L
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. ; , _
Parasites y Cause All Hair Trouble?;.
.Nine-tenths of the diseases of the scalp
and: hair are caused: by parasite germs.
.The ' Importance of this 'discovery, by Pro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg, Germany, , can not, be overesti-
mated. It ' explains . why ordinary hair
preparations,'- even. of the most_expensive
character,; fall" to \ cure dandruff; because
they doVnot, and i they can , not. ' kill the"
dandruff germ.'- The only hair preparation
In; the world^ that, positively 5 destroys the
dandruff parasites .that; bu'rrowV'up /the
'scalp"; into scales \ called scurf r or dandruff,"
Is Newbro's ; Herpicide. V In . addition \to Its
destroylne!:; the j? dandruff ,- germ Herpicide
is al so a delightful * hair dressing," ma king
the hair glossy,, and soft ;as sllk.r '
Noteworthy Eaets.
» ¦ ¦ . ..-¦,.
Apollinaris Sales in 190 1 exceeded
the Enormous 1900* Figures— 28,000,000 bottles
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE V/ATERS." -
Bottled at, and imported from,
the Apollinaris Spring, Rhenish Prussia, Germany,
charged ' only with, its OWN Natural Gas,
Magic
TXi* way SajTa-cea cures Piles.
fif|i|t i^^^^ ' Nine dollars buys in our store 'a suit Sli|il|W^®i
Mi !S*x^/ °f all-wool material, with a proper B$k MlllSiflm'
:I|»fV SB] // c urve t o the back, a graceful roll to the K WMW$m/ l
1 WFtiBBm !a P e1 ' a P erf ect set t0 the shoulders and if u « Mm/
\\W^M ip! . a stylish hang to the trousers, as well pM^|i|^/7 I
\\ lfjS^P^*f^jj' ! as all those other details which go .to
\' l ti!JPff/ ijj make a suit look neat and wear well. wMM^i0W ¦
l\i'lif!wf// Single or double breasted — your- V^fJ^H' '
J 'p#^ All worsted striped trousers in sev- . /^jsjJM'l \
/ffip, eral patterns; the $2.50 kind for only ' ""^^wEV
If The suits are our own make; we are i/^imwM^^m
') selling them for only .$2.00 to introduce
these novelties and prove to you that from ' jf
"maker to wearer" is the on'y economical \\fejfe|S^
The suits come in bright, summery pat- M \W^W I
1 terns and are the neatest togs for little fel- r,® "Ipl
\ lows from 3 to 10 yea/s that you ever saw / H M'f- i
~ - '_.^..,~~, .:-. ,,,-."'""- : . ¦'!¦"¦,;' .."" ¦'- .;:¦'¦•' — ~~~~'
;-.•¦ Spring goods are now -«-x -p> t A 7v~w w~v '-•'"'"* Out- of - town- orders
.fully represented in f| jRl J£, |j| . iHIed for nien's or boys' ]
every department— write Y— ' Ir^ \& *L \Jr fkjr O/ « « V Wff^f^BBKS^tS^- '¦¦", --,:
-'¦ 1 ' -' t ¦' v ¦'.••-'•¦ j M y •?-.«- -¦-- -•- :¦ jJl~y^ clothina. fiats cr furmvt.
for information end . ;/rr — —^-^ v-r ¦ " *• .-'-"T>
prices. v ¦'*;.*: 718 Market Street. ings..SCENE IN MECHANICS', PAVILION,
WHERE PREPARATIONS FOR
IRISH FAIR ARE GOING ON.
Jockeys ? Maher, and .Martin -.Win: '•'
K-.\ LONDON, April ; 29.ii-The social' success
of the spring meetirigr "'< at Newmarket,
" Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards; selling;
the Darktown Derby; four-year-olds' and up
ward. •>; .(•_•'; " '. ¦'- ¦ ¦ '" \ ¦
(3C62)D. of York 11.147 3C32 KlHeen ...>.. 147
3450 Sam Green. . .147 3062 Barnato . .'. .:i50.
3330 Monda . . . . . ..147 3584 Mission . . ...'.147
3648 Lodestar .V. .147 . 3670 El Mido . . . .147
3676 Sen.; Matts . .147 3C35 Master Cal- . ,147
3G62 The Gaffer. ..147 3871 Elmer L 150
3C70 Loyal S 147,
SELECTIONS ; FOR TO-DAY."
First race— Milas,; Saul of Tarsus,
Solinus.- ' • ; 7 * . f : ¦'.,';. ': ¦'' ;.: ''.,
:. Second race— Porous, ;Xena, Rasp.
Third; race— Scliool for ; Scandal,
John Boggs, Tiburon. U;
,FourthVrace T -Eonic, Hagerdon,
Escalante. . ». '' • '"
Fifth' race— Horton, Brutal, AIo
ha:IL, ,> ;- r _ .. . \; :; \\ , .' :
Sixth, race— Duke of York, Lods
star/ELMido. ; : . •
(3661)Narra G 110 3669 Solinus .......107;
367«'Jarret. d'Or.. 107 '3647 Yellowstone .110
3C57 Beau Monde. .124 3G75 May W. :'. . .'.119
3675 Sea Queen 110 3031 MacFlecknoe .121
' 3673 Breton 11U 3651 S. ot Tarsus. 121
(.•5633)Milas .110
Second -'race— One mile; selling:; three-year
olds and upward. . ¦ ; : ¦ ¦¦; ¦¦-' ¦¦-¦<' - '
;3603 Swif tlight • . . . 09 3657, Porous ... ...104
3652 Lena ... -....114 3639 Headstrong ..»7
36C5 La Borgia ...lit '3671 Gold Baron... 110
3275 Kastatne V...114 3630 Baldo ....... 97
3657 Lief Prince ..115 3041 Intrada '...... 112
3659 Sir Claus' ... 07 3605 Cath. Bravo.. 110
3671 Mike Rice ..110 8661 Rasp ...;... 112
3617 Rlonda .. ...10U 3673 Dawson ..... 97
" Third race— Six and a- half. furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds, and ,usward, ' ¦ ' ¦.';... '
,3671 The Miller.. Mil .... Outright ....111
•3042 Golden Light.108 3083 Nellie Forest. 106
3051-Tlburon .....111 Siesta -...:... lOu
3627 Hilary .......111 .36(53 Bagdad ... ..Ill
3071 Maresa ......100 3570 S. for ScandallOe
3038 John Bcggs.. Ill <3C35 Parsifal .....108
36G8 Limelight ...111 3G70 Marineuse 1CS
36*2 Straggler :...lll . 8C09 San Venado. .114
3CG1 Illllouon .....10S ¦
Fourth race— One mile, the. Town Hall handi
cap; three-year-olds and upward. "•¦ .
3009 Hagerdon ....107|(3(H!8)Antolee ......108
3069 Escalante . . . 88 (:tCOO)FIush of Gold.113
3021 La Goleta ... 105 1 (3645) Eonic ........ 100
Fifth race— One mile and an eighth'; selling;
three-year-olds and upward. .' .* - . ¦ . '.
3652 Plan ........ 107 3670 Maraschino .. V 8S
3(550 Invictus ;. 103 3658 Aloha II ....107,
3656 El Fonse 7.. .103 3002 Klckumbob . . . 107
3052 Sunello .....: 107 ,3074 Windward . ..110
3652 Merops ... ..107 3650 Brutal ... ...100
3656 HortOn .: 113 3C70 McNamara ..107
3652 Canejo 105 3670 Prank Woods.107
3652 Alicia . . . . . .105J 3670 Expedient . . .107
"Monk" Sheehan, astride Ishtar. favor
its lor.the concluding mile selling affair,
turned up a clever winner. - He rode with
excellent Judgment," and. with ¦ something
left, , ran in ; more than a length before
Walter Jennings' filly. Sister Jeanie
considered one of the soft spots 'on the
card, lost the decision to I Rubus in the
six and a half furlong run. Josle Gibson,
formerly Josie G, ; piloted by "Monk"
Sheehan, Jumped away , In front, \ leading
to the stretch. Donnelly, on Rubus, then
made a well-timed move and in a hard
drive downed the favorite. Sister JeanleTa
head in l:20.VAlgareta ran last.
Tower of Candles, the fast sprinter from
Caesar Young's stable, seems unable to
get away from the barrier in her recent
races. She closed a 9to 5 favorite for
the second Beven-furlong run, but a poor
off » worked her . defeat . Dollie
Weithoff made most of the running, and
&°>? Kh T^ h , ard .. pressed at the close beat
H^ ty n K h Uy '^ alf a , lensrth - The favorite
ridden by Donnelly, made *up a dear of
lost ground, finishing a close third. -
Roscoe Troxler, . astride "Halmetta, the
5 to 2 choice for the mile and a sixteenth
selling number, •• led his company a wild
goose chase- from the Jump. At the wire
the Halma filly - disposed of Jingler and
Dawson with something in reserve.
Trainer W. J. Spiers of the Baldwin
Etable uncorked the fast Clivoso in the
two-year-old dash at half a mile. The
youngster had shown fast trials, but his
previous .• performances were . disappoint
ing:. In the betting yesterday the odds
fell from 15 to 7, and with Ransom up the
colt spreadeagled his field. The Fog, the
1 to 1 favorite, led out Orosius for the
place. .
James Rey Dare was the
steaming hot one for the opening seven
furlong purse run, the uncertain gelding
g-oing to the post a 7 to 5 chance. Hoar
had the leg up, and Just after .the start
his mount swerved into the fence, ruin
ing his chances. The long price of 10 to 1
could be had about The Fretter and the
O'Rourke entry won, galloping, fnyn Mike
Rice and Elmer L.
Among the parcels unwrapped
•were The Fretter. Clivoso, Dollle Weithoff
and Ishtar.. Those , in on« the know,
climbed aboard at remunerative odds. The
fields were large and : Haimetta and
Ishtar were the only winning choices.
HE large' crowd of ."last chance"'
1 1 players found'.-, many surprises
I awaiting them yesterday at Oak-
JJL Iac3 t rack. . ' • . • ;
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY.— George H.
Ely, railroad employe, living at Santa Crux,
tiled a petition in Insolvency yesterday in the
United : States District Court. He owes $573
and has no assets. ¦ - .¦
Amateur Boxers to Fight.
Alez Greggalns promises some rare
sport to-night at the monthly boxing ex
hibition of San Francisco Athletic Club.
There are seven bouts on the card, all
the boxers weighing under 130 pounds
each. -The principal bout will be between
Joe Angell and William Brodle. - ?j»
Track , Notes.
To-day's programme of events brings
the long racing season at Oakland to a
close. The gate receipts .. will be donated
to the new Town Hall . building fund.
Among other attractions offered is the
Darktown Derby for colored riders who
shone on the turf "befo^ de wah." Monroe
Johnson, the "unbleached costermonger,"
will have the mount on the favorite, Duke
of York, assisted by "Rahzor Pete" and
a'full company.' • 'i '- -
F. E. Mulholland took the place of Jalco
Holtman' yesterday- with,* the starting
gate.
"Monk" Sheehan, is sailing along
smoothly these days,, - and bids : fair to
make an excellent rider. He landed *Ish
tar first, finished a close second. on Kitty
Kelly and was third with Josie" Gibson.-
Donnelly was the only rider to put two
winners over the plate. ; This lightweight
v.'lll be seen on the Montana tracks the
ccming season.
Ishtar. owned by A. Josephs, was bid
up -to. $900 by -Jack Atkin, whose, horse
Jarretierre d'Or ran secpnd. . The filly was
entered to be sold- for $300. The stable
retained her. , > ¦
• Following are the entries for this after
neon's events:
First race — Six- furlongs; -purse; three-year
olds and upward. • ; ' . : • -•
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 29.— An Inter
esting sequel to the unsatisfactory ending
of the Phil Green- Young Donovan bout at
the Salt Lake Athletic Club last night
developed to-day. Chief of Police Hilton
notified the club officials that Donovan
must be -iven the big end of the purse
or future contests would • be prohibited
Keferee Bennett declared the fight "no
contest" in the fifteenth round after.
Green's seconds had thrown up tha
sponge, Bennett claiming that the pollca
had stopped the fight. A riot almost t#»
suited. . . . .
Police Change Referee's Decision,
Decorator Tidball, who is superintend
ing the work for Shea & Shea, the archi
tects, has assured the committee > that
every detail will have been completed to
morrow, when the hour arrives for open
ing the great festival. The miniature cas
tles and towers which have already been
completed were turned over to the ladles
yesterday to be decorated with buhting
and flags. For months ' the ladies • have
been making preparations by gathering
material and raising funds. They have
their scheme of decoration fully arranged
ahead of time and it will 'not take them
long to put the bunting, flags, flowers and
foliage in Dlace. .'
When they are in place and the frown
ing battlements and turrets are wreathed
in many colored streamers, with flags
fluttering from the windows, the whole
it the scenes which it is'intended to repre
sent. •
HE skilled mechanics and decor-
I ators who have been intrusted
I with the work of decorating Me-
UL chanics' Pavilion for the Irish
Fair made . great progress with
their work yesterday, and the interior of
the immense structure is now adorned in
a very attractive manner. There is con
siderable work yet to be done before the
plans of the committee In charge will be
fully completed. It is intended that the
interior of the pavilion, when the cas
tles, towers and churches are all in place,
will present a composite picture of a
number • of the most famous , historical
scenes in Ireland. The picture is to be
so complete and so true, that Irishmen
who are ! familiar with their native land
will have no difficulty, in recognizing in
Jarretierre d'Or, the second choice. La
Calma was third. , .
ST. LOUIS; April 29.— Arguments at
counsel on the petition of President Rob
ison, of the St. Louis National League
Baseball Club, to restrain Harper, Wal
lace and Heidrick from playing with the
St. Louis American League Club, were
heard to-day by Judges Talty and Fisher,
Jointly. The case was then submitted.
CHICAGO, April 29.— President Hart of
the Chicago National League Club and a
member of the league's governing trium
virate, said to-day of the Pennsylvania
decision in the Lajoie case: "The injunc
tion cannot be circumvented. Talk off
carrying- the case to the United States*
Supreme Court is ridiculous, as the Penn
sylvania Supreme Court is the court off
last resort in that State. You mar be>
prepared to see a long list of injunctions.
It may be that the players we go after
will not strengthen our teams much, but
the action will have a good effect on the
future crops of players." .«>./-
Interesting Base ball Litigation.
Eastern' Racing Results.
CHICAGO. AprU 29_— Lakeside results: ¦¦_: .
First race, half^"a. mile — Miranee won. Belle
Graham second," Filly' Deck .fhlrd. Time.
Second race, one mHe-7-About won. Chancery
second Hanwurst third. ' Time. 1 :45.
Third race, one mile — Owenton won, Dewey
second. Hoodwink third. Time, 1:42%.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs —
Moneymuss won, Maggie Davis second, Albula
third. Time. 1:08 2-5. < _.,.", ,
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs-^Our
Bessie won. Silver Fringe second, • Pennant
third. Time, :B8 2-5.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Schwalbe won. Miss Liza second. Red Apple
third. Time, 1:52 2-5.
.NEW YORK, April 29.— Aqueduct Summary:
First race seven furlongs, selling — Satire
won, Marothen second, Locket third. Time.
1:28 2-5. ' ' ' "
¦ Second race," five and a half furlongs^ — Clon
mel won. Eddie Busch second, Khita third.
Time. 1:07 4-5. -
Third race, four and a. half furlongs, selling
Lady Abercraft won, Kennard second, Adele
Harding third. Time, :56 2-5. .
Fourth race, the Rockaway Stakes, seven
furlongs— April Showers won. Puritan second.
Moronkanta third. Time, 1:27 3-3.
Fifth race, handicap, mile. and seventy yards
Ethics won. Kilogram second, Agnes D third.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs — Mamie
Worth . won. Impetuous second, George W.
Dasch third. Time, :56 1-5.
NASHVILLE. April 29. — Cumberland Park
results: •. . . . - -~\ .
First race, five furlongs — Carrie I won, Aules
second, Aaron Pond third. Time, 1:02%.
Second race, four furlongs — Vogue won,- Gold
Ornament second, Christiana . third. Time,
•49%.
Third race, mile and twenty yards. Gerst
Handicap — Blink won, Aladdin second. Brulare
third. Time, 1:45%. • • :
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs — J.
Sidney Walker won, Fore and Aft second, Dr.
Carr third. Time, :56.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Jordan won. Menace second. Lamp Globe third.
Time. 1:51%. r* I ' V
Sixth race, five furlongs — Crimean won, Joe
Martin second. Echodale third. Time, 1:02%.
Ed Austin won, but was disqualified for foul
ing. .: ¦.-¦¦,.. 4.V.V . r y,»i
which commenced- to-day, f.has been as
sured by : the presence ¦< of c King: : Edward,
who Is occupying his. rooms at JhS Jockey'
Club, until Friday.. . The feature/ of ' the
meeting "will be the race of to-morrow for
the 200Q Guinea stakes, for 3-year-olds,' In
which a number of the Derby candidates
will meet. In to-day's events the Hast
ings plate of , 500 sovereigns, for. 3-year-=
olds,. one mile and a half,- was won by St.
Alwyne,, ridden by J.H. Martin. The
2000 Guinea trial plate, of 200 sovereigns,
3-year-olds and upward, one mile, was
won by Pharisee, on which Maher had
the mount. ¦ . . ¦ -, ¦ .
scene will constitute a picture not unlike
the spectacle witnessed in the days of
chivalry when the feudal castles were
adorned for a tournament. .,
Although the great fair is to be opened
to,:the#public to-morrow-. night the ladles
of. the ; various - counties are still raising
funds. .County Antrim gave an entertain
ment .last- night at ¦'•¦ Maennerbund Si Hall;
Twenty-fourth street and Potrero avenue.
.The affair was a great success and those
who j attended enjoyed a- delightful time.
The- -evening -was passed! with vocal and'
instrumental music and dancing. Many
earnest workers are laboring for the'suc~
cess of County Antrim's booth, among
whom is Miss Sarah Early, who had the
honof-of being born in that county.
At the residence of Mrs. Thomas Ken
drick/,1202 Treat avenue, the members of
the academy booth will give. another "at
home" this evening. This booth will have
the distinction *of. being .the only one ¦ at
the fair that will not represent a county
of Ireland. Its proceeds are to be devoted
to secure better accommodations for the
sisters of St. Peter's; School. This' booth
has many earnest workers, among whom
are the following named ladles and gen
tlemen: :" "•- ¦
I J. C. Flood, president; David E. Gog-gin, vice
•president; Miss Agnes Sullivan, 1 secretary; Mrs.
P. J.'Haggerty, treasurer, assisted.. by Miss
Hattie Goggln, Miss Minnie Malone, Miss
Theresa Hasklns, Miss Gertrude Hackell, Miss
Meehan, Miss Kendrlck. Miss Fitzgerald, Miss
Welsh, 'Miss Sullivan, Miss Smith. Miss Drew.
Miss Byrne,' Miss Dunn, ¦ Miss • Desmond, Mrs:
Burrowes. Mrs. ¦ Fitzgerald. Mrs. Welsh, Mrs.
Day, Mrs. Owen, Mrs. H. F. - Wynne, Miss
Agnes O'Connell, - Miss Lillian Traynor, Miss
Clara Fitzpatrick, Adrian Melody, Mies * Jen
nie White, Miss Agnes Haggerty, Miss Nel
lie Argent!. Miss May . Barry, . Miss Ruff.
Messrs.; Humphrey,' Gallagher, Major Powers.
, Captain George Welsh, Dorgeloh, I Crawford,
D*Arcy, ¦ Barres, Kendrlck,, Delury, Doyle,
Drewand Swan. • : , ',¦¦ '.£.-. ¦•' ¦ ¦ ¦
Manager Morley's - Ball-T~ossers Wl 1 !
i Make Their Bow to Local Fans
¦' , ¦. ¦. ¦ •'• ¦ To-i>ay; \- ' ' ."' \ \:
The Los Angeles* baseball team will
make its northern debut this > afternoon
at 3:30 o'clock at the Oakland_ grounds,
where they will line up against San Fran
cisco. Jim McDonald will do the umpir
ln Morley*3 sluggers lead in the "race . 1 'or
the pennant. They have been^practicaJly
invincible on their own grourids.^Accord
ing to reports of the various player? and
mlnagers^the southern city- has a 'strong
aggregation of talent, but whether or not
tfiey will play as good ball ' away/ from
home remains to be seen.
The local line-up will be changed a lit
tle. If Nordyke cannot play Delmas will
hold down first, and Josh Reilly, whom
ManagerHarris has signed *or emergency
purposes, will chase a few in the vicinity
of second. Meredith will probably pitch
though Kane or Whalen may possibly act
ln A e few of the old. familiar faces will be
among the Angel contingent. Bill Han
lon, who played with Sacramento last
year, is stationed at the initial bag, and
Charley Reilly, last season's Los Angeles
captain, will resume his duties at tnira
base. Eddie Householder still gambols
on the green in center field, while old
Slowball McPartlin will be there with
his tactics, which aggravate batsmen and
spectators alike. Jones is also well known
in the local ball colony, but the rest of
the team is composed of imported talent.
CK course, Rube Waddell needs no intro
duction, for stories of his pranks always
precede him. ....... -. • .\ . ...-
ANakLS WILL '.CROSS . , :
BATS WITH PONIES
game postponed to-day on account of rain.
NEW YORK SHUTS OTTT
BROOKLYN HI . SIX TU H INGS
Winnie Mercer Pitches Winning Ball
for Detroit in Game With
St. Louis. '
., NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. April 29.— The New York team
shut out Brooklyn at the Polo Gruonds to-day
in a game which was called in the latter half
of the sixth Inning. "Jim" Sheckard played
left field for the Brooklyna. Attendance. 1500.
Score:
• ' R. H. B.
Brooklyn ...... .~~. _. ..U..... 0 4 4
New York 8 » • 0
' Batteries — McMackln 'and Ahearn; Kennedy
and Bowernan, Umpire — Bown.
PITTSBURG. April 29.— Rain to-day caused
tho postponement of the Pit taburg-St. LouU
game. . . ;
PHILADELPHIA. April 29.— Philadelphia-
Boston game postponed; wet grounds.
- .. ¦:. AMERICAN. LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— Inability to hit
Patton consecutively and bunching of five hits
by Washington In the second Inning lost th«
?ame for Philadelphia to-day. Attendance,
2000. Score: . . ;
. R. H. E.
Washington <7 11 3
Philadelphia 2 - T t
Batteries — Patton and Drill; Plank and Steel
man.
ST. LOUIS. April 29— Mercer had the local
players at his mercy, to-day and was well sup
ported, while Donahue was batted all over
the field. Attendance. 2000. Seore:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 S 4
Detroit : ...11 14 4
Batteries — Donahue and Donohue; Mercer.
Buclow and McGulre.- . >•'¦ "~
CHICAGO, April 29.— A gift, an error and
three base hits gave Chicago to-day's game In
the seventh. During the other Innings Wright
was invincible. Attendance, 2200. Seore:
" • R. H. • B,
Chicago C. ... 4 4 - 3
Cleveland ,. ••."••— * ¦¦• U • .0
Batteries-^Callahan and SulUvan; JRTrlf ht
and. Bemls. A , ,.. .
.BALTIMORE, April 29.— Baltimore-Boston
The official Fremdenblatt of Vienna an
nounced April 20. 1901. that the friendly
rapprochement between Austria-Hungary
and Mexico in consequence of the erec
tion of an expiatory chapel at Queretaro.
where Emperor Maximilian was. executed
in 1867, would result in an early resump
tion of diplomatic relations, between the
dual monarchy and the Mexican repub
lic, interrupted; since the Emperor was
shot. ¦• •- ¦¦¦•
The same day a bill was introduced In
the -Congress of Mexico providing for a
renewal of diplomatic relations with Aus
tria-Hungary, and an appropriation 01
$15,000 was made for the salary of a Mexi
can Minister to Austria-Hungary. June 1.
1901, Count Herbert Hohenwort was ap
pointed Austro-Hungarian Minister to
Mexico. ~- . 1 - -i -
A. Government bill arranging for com
mercial and consular relations between
Austria-Hungary- and Mexico was adopt
ed without debate by the lower house of
the Austrian Reichsrath March 13 last.
A number of hotel men have been vic
timized recently by unscrupulous . persons
who uttered fictitious-checks, drawn ap
parently by the Earl Fruit and Produce
Company. According to a statement Is
sued by the California Bankers' Associa
tion yesterday several of these checKs
have been left at' the local banks for col
lection some drawn upon the American
Bank and Trust Company of S*^*/* 1 !"
Cisco, others on the j Bank of San Jose.
No such concern as the Earl Fruit ana
Produce Company being : . known to tne
drawee, the checks were^ promptly -ais
. The checks vary in amounts "0™'^°°.*°
$200 and have been negotiated principally
at hotels. The identity of .the Personsvut
tering the" checks is unknown, • nor have
the names of the hotels making advances
upon the same been made public, it »
known that the more prominent hotels are
among the victims. ••¦•/; ;-- ; ¦ ¦
The form of check used has been spe
cially printed on tinted paper, one tint De
ing used for those on'the American BanK
and Trust Company and another for tnose
on the Bank of. San Jose.. They bear the
heading, "Earl Fruit and Produce Com
pany, San Francisco, San Jose,.Sacra
mento," are machine numbered .and on
their face appear to be the checks or an
extensive business concern. ¦ ' ,'. .
The signature of the Earl Fruit, and
Produce Company is printed, . and- De
neath is written a signature,. a - Pf r J ¦ °*
which can be read as Earl, but the Initials
aro too. involved to be deciphered.
BUDAPEST. April 29.— The lower housa
of the Hungarian Diet to-day ratified the
Austro-Hungarian commercial and consu
lar treaty with Mexico, -which lapsed in
1867 and had not since been. renewed.
Name of a Non-Existing Firm
Used by Forgers to
Advantage.
Trouble Over Execution of
Maximilian Now a
Memory/
Hungarian Diet Agrees
to the Treaty With -
Mexico.
Many Fictitious Ghecks
in Large Sums Are
TTf f otpH
SHARPERS WORK
THE HOTEL MEN
NATIONS FORGET
OLD QUARRELS
DECORATORS ADORN MECHANICS'
PAVILION FOR THE IRISH FAIR
ROAD DRIVERS
IN THE SULKY
DISPUTE ARISES
OVER A PRIZE
Expect That Flags and Bunting Will All Be in Place
for the Opening jTp^Morrow Night.
Amateur Reinsmen Are
Preparing -for Their
Annual Meet.
Novel Question Develops
During the Recent
Dog Show.
Ownership of Ho Yow's In
ternational Trophy Is
Involved.
A. B. Spreckels' Horses S
'for Cleveland Blus-
Ribbon Sale.
The members of Golden Gate Park
Driving Association are making elaborate
preparations for their; annual race meet
ing, to be held at. Oakland track May 30.
At their meeting last night President
Edward Aigeltinger appointed a pro T
gramme committee consisting of M. M.
Donnelly, J. W. Bonney and Al Schwartz.
A printing committee made up of J. W.
iionney, Al. M.. Donnelly and F. W.
Thompson was also appointed.
The programme will include a 2:40 class
for horses that have never been raced, a
2:bO class and a 2:20 class. The*re will also
ue a race for the Frank G. O'Kane chal
lenge cup, now held by Henry Miller.
Tnere will be pari mutuel and' auction
pools tor tne betting men, who can thus
wager on the -outcome of a heat or of the
race. Admission will be free for ladles,
but men will -be charged twenty-five
cents. ' .
secretary Thompson was instructed to
write the Golden Gate Park Commission
ers, thanking them on behalf of the
horsemen for excluding automobiles from
the main driveway.
The horses from Aptos Stock Farm,
which A. B. Spreckels will- sell at Cleve
land. Ohio, late in May, are ""en route
East. They are in charge of . Sandy
Smith, who conditioned them, at Aptos.
The horses will be taken from the- cars
at Denver and rested one day. , The con
signment is pronounced the equal of any
t-at ever left this State, both 'for looks
and for speed prospects. The horses will
be driven regularly at Cleveland track,
where Intending purchasers may seethem
in action, thus knowing what they are
buying.
The American Kennel Club officials will
have a novel controversy to settle, which
developed during the recent dog show.
GL M. Carnochan, who came from New
York to judge fox-terriers, placed George
S. Thomas' wire-haired terrier ahead of
all the dogs of his class in the show.
After he had won everything for which
he was apparently eligible. Mr. Carnochan
purchased him for $5oO.
At the time of the sale neither buyer
nor seller thought of furtner competition.
The next day. However, the dog won the
•International trophy," a splendid bronze,
presented by Consul General Ho Yow for
the best dog in the show, irespective of
breed. '
As the owner of the dog when he won
the trophy, Mr. Carnochan claimed the
prize as his. It then developed that the
sale had not been consummated; 1:0 trans
fer having been made and no money paid
over. Mr. Oarnochan at once wrote his
check for the amount, but this did not
alter the status of the case.
The entry of the dog was in. the name
of Mr. Thomas and he was the only per
son the kennel club officers coVild recog
nize in the distribution of prizes. There
was some friendly bantering between Mr..
Thomas and Mr. Carnochan over the mat
ter and It is to be submitted to the gov
erning body in the East for adjustment.
This is the first case of the kind which
landers remember.
Although the street railway strike made
a comparative failure of the show, there
is no deficit to be made up. There will
also be a small balance available for char
itable purposes. Had conditions been nor
mal It is estimated there would have been
between $5000 and 510,0000 for distribution
among deserving charities.
The managers are far from being dis
heartened and stand ready to sponsor an
other show one year hence.
RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK
"No Strike."
There Is no strike in our factory. All
orders can be promptly filled. L«eibol<l
Harness Co., 211 .Larkin street. ,' ¦ . •
THECALL j S RACING FORM OH ART
THE SAN FEANCISCO CA^L,
OAKLAND BACETBACK— Tuesday, April 29.— Weathei* fine. Track good.
3071. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs ; four-yeai -olds and up; to first, $325.
_ „_ __ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St- %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3045 iThe Fretter. 6. . .124 3 51 4 h 1 1 16 F. J. O'Rourke. Donnelly 5 10
KCS7 |MIke Kice. a llti 1 3 15 Jl 2 1 2 3 T. K. McLaughlln.. Prior 10 10
Sl»6 JEimer L, 4 104 5 61 5b 41 SI Kl under & Burns.Burlgm 10 7
:t6Cl Kovia, a 105 4 2h 12 3 1 4n Brown & Co See 7 8
3653 Geld Earon,' C...10:; 7 7 h S 2 5 2 5 2 H. L. Haskell..... .Bell DO 60
3C5S Our Lizzie, a 119 0 92 93 81 02 L. Daly L. Daly 4 , 8
3<K3 |The Miller. « 121 2 In 3 h « h 7 1 G. P. McNeil.. A. Kelly 8 20
3590 ISir Hampton, 5.. 124 8 82 «h 7h 81 George Miller. .Bozeman 4 10
SB01 jRey Dare. 4 103 11 11 . 11 9 1.. .0 1 J. C. Xealon ....... Hoar 2 7-5
3C48 {Har. Thatcher 5.10Ui 9 10 10 10 10 10 4 ll> 10 \V. Johnson... J. Sheehan 30 : 40
3612 jJCaresa, 4 ...HOilO 4 1 7 h 11 11 J. H. Dolan.". ..Frawley ' 8 16
Time— '-;. :24»4; *a. :43; %. 1:15%; %. 1:2S»4. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, T. E. McLaughlin's ch. h. by Brutus -Xerva. The Fretter best.
Kovia quit. Key Dare swerved into the fence at start. Scratched — Narra G • lltt, Katie
Walcott 119, Billy Lyons 118. .
3672. SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds ; to first, $325.
1 " i I '. Betting."
InfieiiHorse and Weight. St. %. '%. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op/ d. :
SC43 JClivoso 106 1- ... .15 ... 1 Sy t Baldwin & Coi.. Ransom ¦ . : ,iorft .-t3 *
SG55-tThc- Fog 113 5 ... 4 1 ... 2 2V. W. B. Sink Jr Hoar 2 *"i< '
3379 [Orosius 113 3 ... 2% ... 3 »4 W. O'B. Macd'gh.Troxler : ." " 2 13'-5'-:
2570 iLen Reno 110! «i ... 7 % ... 4 1 . . Dickey '.& Linder.,. Kelly 15' 33 ' :•.
SliCO jHoratius Ii:{jl2 ... 9 >i .... 6 «4 Cbinn & Forsythe.Donly ' "5 6
(Presentation 11012 ... 3 4 ... «4 J. ; S. , CampbelLMcCarty 20 60
«C55 jJ. H. Bennett.... 1131 10 ... 0 2 ... 7 1»4 - L... A. BlasinKam*. .Trtor ' 10 '"12""
3<A0 ! Katanga 10-t 7 ... 12 ... S-V* > A. U] SpreckelS.:L, Daly ** 8- '16 '"
3037 I Ta mm 106 9 ... 5h ... «1 MagTane & Co'. . Frawley " 60 ISO
S594 lEstoy Llsto 106'H --• 8 »4 ... 10- El Primero Stable-. .See "10 12
3«313 I Levant 113! 4 ... 10 ... 11 F. W. Grossheim.Howsn 50 100
S655 IGorg&lete 104| 8 . ._. 11 1 ... 12 - Theo Winters.. .Webster . 50 200 "
Time— Vi. :24; U, :49. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, E. J.
Baldwin & Co.'s b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-Chloe A. Clivoso had worked very fast and
was eood to-day. Orosius tired. The Fog runs out. Estoy Listo showed no speed: Scratch
ed—Jennie McGowan 110. Prestolus 103. Maud Sherwood 110.. .- ;
3673. THIRD RACE — 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds; to first, ?325. -
I ¦ ¦ BetUna. •'¦'¦¦
Indexi Horse, Age, Weight. St. M,. y,. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. :
306« jHalmetta 105 1 1 114 1 1% 1 iy» 1 114 W. H. Ketcheman.Troxlr 3 5^2
3047 iJingler 104 3 3 % 2 n 2 1 2 2% D. S. Fountain... .Prior 2 21-5
3C57 iDawEon 104 6 6 1*4 4 n 3 1% 3 4 W. B. Sink Jr. ....Hoar 3 7-2
3(553 ISyce 104 10 10 1 7 M 4 1 4n W. L. Stanfleld. Donnelly 15" 1'
r63fi Pirate- Maid . 102 9 7n 6>45n 54 C. W. Chappell.Watrbrj- 20 30
863» jBreton 107 5 4 *i 5 1 01. C« Mrs. Lottridge.. Webster 20 40
<S657)!San Lutlon 107 4 2n :{ % 7 1 * 7 H. James Wilson See 12 .15
£653 Forest King 107)2 9 1 »h 8^83 S. J. Junes..... Frawley 8" 12
SC36 Knockings 102U1 11 10 10 10 If. rt 10 Earl & C0......L. Daly 20 £10
3640 Ba«:senzo 118 9 5 1 8 6 9 10 10 20 L." O. Wa!z.J3urlin&ame U 15
3C48 Constable 104 7 8 1 11 11 11' Musto & Ruiz. .Sheehan 6 10
Tim*— V*. :24; %. :4»; %. 1:16; m, 1:42;:1 l-16m. 1:48%. Good start. Won cleverly. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, W. H. Ketcheman's ch. £. by Halma-El Dorado. Winner ¦
probably bost. Dawson came in for heavy backing: but was outfootAl. Forest King should
ga "back to the woods." Saddle on Constable slipped.*
3674. FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and up; to, first, $325.
Icflci Hone. Age. Weight. St. %. , %. • Etr. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. 6^ ttll ci".
(3e38)|DoIlle Weithoff, 6.103 4 lh 2 3 ' 1 «i l 14 D. Lees.... Hoar 4 «
3633 Kitty Kelly. 5.... 101 8 2 1% 1 n 2 1 2% W. L. Stanfleld.. Sheehan 6 6
3e51 T. of Candles, 4.. 101 10 10 »h 3h 3 1<4 Caesar Young. .Donnelly 3-2 9-5
3664 Ada. X. 4 104 » 7n 61 41444 Antrim Stable Prior 4 8
36*3 Sly. a 107 3 3 1 8^ «, % 6h D. M. Hanlon. . .Howson 7 92
3665 King Dellis, 5....106 6 4n 3h On « 2 - - S. P. Tate Tullett 10 15
360» The Singer, 5 106 7 5h,42 7173 Magrane & Co.. Frawley .15 30
3664 Diomed. 6 107 2 9^10 8 2 8-2 Brcwn & Co Troxler 10 12
3058 Col. Ballantyne.4..1O6 9 8% 51 92 92 James Wllscn.... ... .t5ee '12 20
3C40 Windward, 6 109 1. 6 2 7 2 10 10 Hennery & Co Feary 12 12
,... Mercldlta, a 104 11 11 11 Pulled up T. W. Lottrldge.. Webster 60 100
Time— %. :24; %, :48%; jJ^ljUJiS^ji." 1:27%. Good start. . Wonflrst three driving. ,Wln- '
ner. D. Lees' bn m. by Dark Days-Florry Myers. Dollie ran a game race. Tower of
Candles should have won. She is fractious at the post and did not get away well Slv
ga'veltupeariy^^Scratched—^ernota 100 L Tlr.ona_103, Oscar Tolle 103, Horton 106.
3075. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; three -year-olds and up; to first, $325.
index^Hcrge. Age. Weight. St. %. ". %. Str. .Fin., j Owner and Jockey. <§!" ll ct
CS658) Rubua, 3 98 2-3n 3^21 lh Chlnn & Forsyth..Donnly 2 7T2
<»g**> S} s « r ftt al * 3 ,"iS r?fjf 2 s % 2 % Jennings & Co. . .if. Da y 8-6 tl
3332 'Josie Gibson, 3.. IOC 3 1- % 1 1 1 % 34 J. S. Gibson Sheehan 5 a
<3647) May W, a....... .109 1 2 2% 2 % 4 2 4 2 D. Cameron.... "..Prior 5 5
3663 Sea Queen. « 109 6 7 7 61 6 4 John A. Lewis. ..... .See 6 10
. 3(512 Mike Strauss, 6.. Ill 4 61 51 52 63 W.. E. Cotton ........ Hoar —40 - l«O
(3665) Algareta, a. 112 5 4% 6 1 '7 7, . J. A^. Murray .'..££%£ 12 M
Time— Vi. :23%; %, :48%; ft, 1:14; 6% f. 1:20. Good start. Won first three driving Win
ner. Chinn & Fors>ahe*s b. f. by Bramble -Meriden. Sister Jeanle would have won in a few
more strides. Josie Gibson tired under the pace she set. May W retired early. Scratched
Flush of Go'd_ 114. _Matt_Hogan 111. 'Formerly Josle G. - # ... . - . «"- v -" cu
3C7C SIXTH RACE — One mile; celling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325. ;
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. V*. %. ' Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. O^?"'"*?!.
3CC0 Ishtir 3.... 101 5 3 2^ 2 3 11 1 1H |A., Josephs.. ..:. Sheehan * 3M15v"
3654 Jarr. dOr. 3 107 4 4 1 1 h 2 2 2 1% J. P. Atkln. .....Troxler 3 4
3«57 LaCalma, 4 108 9 8 2 6 14 3 2 3 3 Elm wood Farm... Tullett 10 20"
3ii»8 Bab, 4 11617 J h, 8^ 4h 4h William Cahill...'.. Hoar 6- 10';
.•!0C2 Loyal 0. 4 118J1O 10 11 '-On r.3 ? V. Gilbert. McCarthy '30 60 ¦
3<S4S Fondo. 4.. 113 11 u 2 „ » % j « 14 6 2 P. G. Lj-nch Frawley 30 40- 1 .
»** A Jtm > I ,n Bt « r - 3 3O1 I « II 1 10 '7^ 7 1 W. D. Randall.. Ransom 8 «V
2S2 El Pllar 3. 10212 ti 1 51-8 1 8 1 Los Gatos Stable..L. Daly 6 ¦ ' " 10 -
?SS? ?. 8t 1 rneII> , 3 M 8 Cn 4h u -1 »2 A. Andrews.... Donnelly 10 12
0521 j My thro*. 3 104 1 2 M 7 1 10 10 2 D. S. Fountain.,... Prior -20. -12
SSSISHSMJKi H-, : i ,. X h 5. 1 * 11 ' ll • A. B. Spreckels-Bozemn 15 25 •
8«2 Fcrmrro « 117 13 12 12 12 12- J. Hackett See 20 25 £
8475 (Senator Matti. ti.iKl 2 13 13 13 13 ¦ H. L. Haskell.. ... ..Bell 30 80 :
1 **?r-; M; %> 1:15 'i ; mile, 1:42%. Good eUrt. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. « inner. A. Josephs' b. f. by Sam Lucaa-Isaic. IshUr well rated and best
La Calma ran a good race. Scratched— Plan 117 Dandy 101 , -
4
; ADVERTISEMENTS. • :
T CURES WEAKVMENVFREE.
Irsures Love and a Happy Home for
:'¦¦( •.; v- ; ' Aii.-'
¦ How any man may quickly. cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.'
Simply send your name and address ' to - Dr.
Knapp Medical- Co., 1373 Hull.bulldlngr, Betrolt,
Mich., ' and . they, will, gladly • send the free re-
ceipt with 'full- directions bo any .man* may
easily cure himself, at. home.. This is certainly
a most ' generous offer, and - the following ex-'
tracts taken from, their dally mail show what
men think of their, generosity: ¦¦ :: • '.- , .' ¦' -
"Dear Sirs: .Please accept my sincere thanks'
for:ypurs of recent date. . • I have given your
treatment a thorough -test -and the benefit has
been extraordinary." It has completely braced
me up. > I . am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize ? how happy I am.!' .
¦ ¦. "Dear Sirs: ¦ Your, method, -worked ¦ beautl--
fully.' ' Results I were I exactly what • I needed..
Strength and vigor; have completely! returned
and ¦ enlargement is entirely satisfactory." • -
'. "Dear Sirs:.; Yours was received and I* had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can.. truthfully say It ; is a boon- to'
weak men. -I am greatly Improved In size,
strength and vigor.'.'. ,-.. : ¦¦-..- ,. ';•. -¦<;;, . ....
• ; All : correspondence'- is • strictly 'confidential;
mailed ¦ in plain, r sealed; envelope. ".' The, - receipt:
U ' free ' for. ¦ the ' asking ' and they * want " every
man to; have it. .. ' " j : i . .
,' :; .,,.; . . - NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. -.'* v r. ¦> ,ff r,V- W-/ ¦>-^'"'-" y^
I . San Francisco
p .know what bad backs are.:. The hard work in the mills 'and- fee- . \\^£-«L. '^V
J tories— the lifting' and straining, the' heat,' the draughts, with /&"{ */^ : *' :^V
H now and then sudden chill; are all bad for the kidneys. "'¦Little -/^/ >^]/^ y """^^l
0 -filters .of the blood can't stand such strains. Backache is the / l^- f 1/ •
¦¦; '..Backache, lame back and iirinary; troubles. But there's a w ¥^' 'iilH 'i
i- boari's.' Kidney Pills N ¦ '/ = w§
H San Francisco workmen know about it. Hundreds ¦ -/ h\ r Jffll
Jj ;.:;^of , them *haye been i; cured-— Hundreds -Yriore are . being / \\l / / fyM
¦ ;.;cured,ev^ry,'day., Arul. they are telling about; it-f glad of / \^ / -fM^hi
a Could you ask better proof? '»';-.-_"•. , "' ,. '"'••/ // J^ 'sifasC&Ssgsk*
& William -Ellis, stevedore, of 731 Folsom street, eays: "I was-never lal/l /_ '/ ,. S-.- , ¦jZnBBBSRBttfi^
B up with backache, but many a time I thought the pain acrofs my lofn, /^Stf >^^^ffim
Q woud force me to leave work, particularly if I was engaged™ aw hear? /%" -~^^ - <m
H employment. before backache existed I had trouble w1th-th«fkld5ev"'-Hr>W- ' 1
1 secretions which were of a dark^and sometimes sandy color. I noticed » PWTW^WbHBbBBF^^B
¦ Doan's Kidney Pills advertised. and as my back was lame and sfrhhii nJ '\aLJ m*"*^ "• WaBBraHRSB^?-"- ¦ 1
H the time I went to the No Percentag-o Drug Store. 949 -Market It tar I ¦ *®&§^ yW7N«1iWlTlPfH
B. box.. A continuation of the treatment absolutely cured the last attack." lliSr WSS^KKW^HJSSJI
» : Doan's Kidney Pills are for sale at all drug stores l^^^^t'^^HHHr
| ¦.;.:-. ;, 50c a box. Foster-MilburnCo., Buffalo, N. Y. • B, W?^^W
BBBBBBBBDBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBflBBBBBflBBBBflBBflBBB Wi } g^»W^Ww .THE BAR LIGHTSHIP WHICH WILL, REPLACE THE GAS BUOY THAT HAS OCCUPIED HER STATION SINCE
APRIL 1, WHEN THE WARNING VESSEL WAS BROUGHT INTO PORT AND SUBJECTED TO A GENERAL
OVERHAULING.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Merchants.
The bark Nuuanu loads sugar at Honolulu
for Delaware Breakwater for orders at $8 75:
if to Philadelphia 50 cents extra; chartered
irior to arrival. ;
Matters of Interest to Mariners ani
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
will Fall for Honolulu and Australia to-mcr
row. but will leave the Oceanic dock at 7 p. m.
Instead of 10 a. m., as advertised. The late
arrival In New York of the British-Australian
mails has necessitated this departure from the
schedule. . ,
Change in Sailing Hour.
There were fewer arrivals of vessels yester
day than have been recorded In many years.
TTp to sundown only three vessels had entered
the Golden Gate and they were- all coasting
craft. The steamers National City and Che
halis and the collier Progreto made up the
re-cord for the day.
Captain Andrew Hall of the steamship Queen
yesterday delivered to the Merchants' Exchange
two pieces of wreckage found on the beach of
Goose Island by Indians. One is a panel from
the cabin partition of a small vessel, the other
a piece of cedar railing, very light and appar
ently part of a sealing schooner. .
Few Arrivals of Vessels.
Wreckage Ftobi North.
. The setamshlp Curacao, which arrived late
Monday evening from Mexico, went to the Selby
Smelting Works yesterday to discharge a con
signment of gold ore valued at $1,200,000. This
treasure came from the mines at Sinaloa. ¦ The
Curacao brought forty-two passengers.
Curacao Brings Treasure.
Reinsurance on the German ship H. F. Glade,
now out 182 days from this port for- Queens
town, was yesterday advanced to 70 per cent.
Otherwise the market on overdue ships was
weak. The rate on the Yosemite dropped to
15 per cent and th« Tweedsvala was marked
down from 15 to 10 per cent.
Reinsurance Bates.
and when the Star of Italy begin* tumbling
about on the restless Pacific the "hands" will
pay a bitter reckoning for their farewell cele
braticn. - ~V
The ship Star of Italy will eai! to-day for
Vrittol Bay with cannery hands and supplies.
The "hand*" devoted yesterday to bidding
pood-tiy to their friends. The ceremony was
accompanied hy alcoholic Indulgence In varying
decree* and the assistance of the harbor police
K-as required to confine the farewell perform
pnc*i to the limits of Fremont-street wharf.
Many of the "hands" are youns?ters. but most
of th?m were old enough to exchange all or
jiart of their ad ranee wapes for Ftron* drink,
¦whioh they Fhared with th* friends that came
to say good-by. The result was disastrous.
Off for the Canneries.
Wliile she has been In port, however,
oeep-water ships have been arriving as
usual. When these ships left England,
Australia, China or whatever land from
which they sailwJ, their skippers were
provided with charts which told them
they would know San Francisco by the
lightship anchored outside the Golden
Gate. Fortunately for these mariners the
weather has been clear during No. 70*3
vacation and they have reached port
pafely by means of. other landmarks and
beacons and in spite of the gas buoy with
which the lighthouse authorities replaced
ihe lightship. An effort is being made to
secure an appropriation to build a substi
tute lightship which can be used on the
various stations to relieve the regular
craft at overhauling >time. Shipping folk
generally will breathe easier when No. 70
5s shackled to her station on the bar. and
the marine world hopes with all its nau
tical heart that Uncle Sam will have in
commission a substitute lightship before
the next overhauling period.
nonth. No. 70 has been under
going her annual overhauling, repairs that
even anchored craft require at certain in
tervals. The overhauling has been thor
ough, and with her- glistening coat of
bright new paint the lightabJp looks'
f-mart and caucy as a bar boat can. Bhe
left hej station on the bar April 1. She
has attracted much attention along the
•water front, and shipping folk generally
are pleased to notice the care the light
house inspectors are devoting to the Gov
ernment property in their charse-
SA.2C FIIAICCISCO Ko. 70, as the bar
lightship Is officially named, will
to-day be taken to her station at
the bar after an absence of a
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coaet and Geodetic Survey—
-Times and Heights of High and Low
- Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ba^ Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. -
NOTE: — The ni^h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes luter than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places.'
WEDNESDAY. , APRIL 30.- v ,
Run rises • >.i.
Snn Bets .*.'.'.'.".' ' " * ' 'a'-iia
Moon rises nhlrc quarter) ....0:2»'a m.
NOTE — In the : above . exposi tlon of ' the tides
tha early mornine tides are civtn In the left
GEAND JURY • DISMISSES
CASE AGAINST HANSTED
Alleged Assailant of Thomas Gar
"rett Appears Before That Body
and Tells His Story.
The. Grand Jury yesterday completed its
investigations into the assault upon Thom
as. Garrctt, and by. a decisive' vote dis
missed the case against Fred Hansted,
alias "Young Dutchy." Among the wit
nesses examined was Hansted, the alleged
perpetrator of the assault: The ' latter
was -sworn by Assistant District-Attor
ney Ash and instructed as to his rights.
Hansted simply. told the members of the
Grand'.'Jury . that -he +iad saved Editor
Garrett from being kicked, to death,. and
was arrested and abused, for his trouble.
He said 'he would be unable to answer
any- questions put to him by the Grand
Jury, -as '.he was advised by his attorney,
Archie Campbell, not to do so. He. fur
ther stated he was answering a charge of
felony in the Police Court;
, Billy Lyons, owner of a saloon on Post
street, in. front of which the assault took
place,, was subpenaed but was not called,
as 'he -was in bed at the time of the inci
dent. Chief of Police Wittman . and Sec
retary Cadwallader of the Police Commis
sion were examined. The Chief was asked
about. crime in this city. -He denied that
it was rampant, and by statistics showed
what; the; officers of the law -were doing
to suppress lawlessness.' . ,
A. vote was taken and the case against
Hansted. was dismissed.
Jlrs. Lain g Convicted.
•Mrs. Hattie La ingr,; proprietress of the
Hotel Bohemia on Post street, near Grant
avenue,; was convicted by: Judge Mogan
yesterday of the charge of battery and
will be sentenced this morning. She was
accused of striking Eola Brusco, a young
girl, who lived in her house. .
, ; arrived.
- Tuesday, April 29.
Stmr National. City, Johnson, 16 hours from
t'ort Brasg. ¦ ' -
Stmr Chehalia, Thompson, 40 hours- from
.¦ian Pedro.
¦ Stmr Progreso, Sears, 09 hours from Seattle.
Schr- Ida Schnauer, 'Brasting, 10 days from
.-"ort Gamble.
- CLEARED. - '
Tuesday, April 29.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu; Welch
t Co. > :
SAILED. . .
. . Tuesday, "April 29.
Stmr Aiitak, Rasmuasen, Alltak.
Stmr GIrsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. •
Stinr'Redwood.City, Moe, Bowens Landing.
¦ Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
' Stmr Newsboy. Johannsen, Fort Bragg.
Br shlD Samaritan, Dexter, Queenutown.
Br ship Mylomene, Jones, (jueonstown. . >
«ark Annie Johnson, ! William. Hilo.
Schr Newark. Nielsen,' Stewarts Point. ' .
? Schr Ida A, Campbell, Bodega. v
TELEGRAPHIC. . \. '
POINT LOBOS, April 29, 10 p m— Weather
:loudy; wind SW, .velocity 10 miles per. hour.
' 'p DOMESTIC POKTS. .: ,
NEAH BAY^Passed ' in April 29— Stmr
Jrace Dollar, hence' April 25/ for Seattle. •• ¦
Passed out April 29 — Br _ stmr Wyefleld, for
3an Francisco. . . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' '--
EUREKA — Arrived- April 29— Stmr Pasade
la, from San Pedro. ' . , ¦ •
Sailed • A;iril "0 — Stmr Pomona, . for San
/rarcisco. ¦ >
WESTPORT— Arrived April 29— Stmr- West
port, hence April 28.'- - «
SAN PEDRO — Arrived April 29 — Stmr Alca
.raz, from Greenwood. • *| ' ¦-'¦
Sailed April 29 — Schr Advent, for Willapa
stmrs Iaqua and Alcazar, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived April 29— H B M stmi
Graf ton. ' from, cruise. , - ,
SEATTLE — Arrived - April 29— Stmr , Edith, .
hence April 25; stmr. City of Puebla, henoe
April "20. •
Sailed April 29— Stmr Umatilla, for San
Tranclsco ; Ger stmr Neko, for Port Gamble ;
U S stmr Bear, for Alaska. ;t
TACOM A — Arrived and . sailed April \ 29 —
Stmr City of Seattle, for Alaska. •
LORING— Arrived April 22— ShlD Balclutha,
hence Ariril S. I
PORT LtlDLOW— Sailed April 29 — Schr
Ethel Zane. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 29 — Stmr Ful
ton, hence April 28. ', -.
Sailed Aprtl 29— Stmr CoqUllle River, for
.-¦an Francisco, i
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Arjril 29 — Bark
Tidal Wave, for San Francisco. ¦
EASTERN PORT. ,
'¦¦NEW YORK — Sailed April 29 — S~tmr Nevad
ih, for San Francisco; stmr Finance, for
Colon. ¦ . . '. • . '
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived AdHI 2fr— Br stmr
Chins Wo, from Tacoma.
Sailed Aurll- 20— Jap stmr America Maru,
for San Francisco. •
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Anril 28— Br. stmr
Hyson,': ¦ from '•. Liverpool. April 26 — Br stmr
Athenian, from 'Vancouver. - April 28 — Br stmr
Empress of "Japan, from Vancouver, . ' . - - -
- Bailed April 20 — Br stmr Tartar, for' Van-
AUCKLAND— Arrived April 29— Stmr Sierra,
hence i April '10. - ¦ ¦¦-¦ ¦¦-¦¦' .' " "- ¦' '
SHANGHAI— Sailed April , 28— Bktn Aurora,
tof Port Townsend.
PORT TABOR— Sailed April 26— Fr bark
Marcchal de.Turenne, for
NANA1MO — Arrived April 28 — Stmr San
Mateo, hence April 24. " ,-
Sailed Aoril : 28— Br stmr, Wyefleld, for San
Diego. ' ¦' -" •
TENERIFFE— Sailed. April 16— Ger stmr
Numantla,- for San Francisco. ' ¦:
' ANTWERP— In ' port April 10 — Fr bark
Bourbaki, for San Francisco; Br ship Brenda,
for San Frnnclsco; Br : ship Indore, for San
•Francisco; Brship Pass of KUH»crankle, . for
San Francisco: Br ship Bidston -HJ11, for Ore
gon: Danish shin Copley, for Oregon. .
IQUIQUE — In port March 8— Br ship Craig
more, for -San Francisco.'- -i
• CALLAO— Sailed April 29— ;Ger stmr Hathor,
for San Francisco. , • " ' ¦ r '
HAMBURG— Sailed : April 27— Ger stmr
Menes, for ': •'¦ ¦'¦¦{¦
galled Anrll 20-rEr: shin Miltonburn, for
Santa - Rosalia. V'.- ' .
- NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed April 20 — Br ship
HouheromonJ. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed 'ADrll 20— Br stmr Tar
tar. ' for Vancouver. - '¦ .-^3*<«B;H?6fl»gK&iiaffl»flg»
' ; Arrived ': April ,' !»6— Br stmr ¦ Athenian, from
Vancouver.-- April ;2S — -Br, stmr. Empress of
Japan, from 'Vancouver. , r. , -
:• ¦¦' DEAL — Passed April 26— Br ship Manydown,
from Newcastle, England;- for San: Francisco. , -.«
;: BRISBANE— Arrived April 27— Br' stmr
fAoranirl. from Vancouver." :
I LEGHORN—^Arriy.ed April .14 — Br stmr Ptfla
tlnla. from Astoria. " ¦-¦_¦¦- - — , .,
':¦ OUEENSTOWN — Sailed April : 27 — Br ship
Lady Wentworth, < for Hull. . -
• I Arrived *¦ April- 28— Br ship • Bracadale, hence
Jan l; .,-•.;¦ .¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ \V ' ".• - : . ¦.-,: •¦..•¦' .¦ ¦ • ¦
PANAMA— Arrived April 10— Stmr Newport,
hence : March 18. . ' '.:¦'•' ¦¦'¦:'¦
Shipping Intelligence.
Branch' Hydrographic Ofnce. U.S. N., .Mer
,- chants' - Exchange,- Kan Francisco, f Cal.;
April 29. 1002. . ->; "**n -^~-r
-The Time .Ball on the. tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon j to-day,
!. e., at noon of the' 120th meridian, or. at 8
¦i. m., Greenwich time.
• V/. H. STANDLET,:
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Time. Ball.
hand column and the successive tides ot the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
ourth time column gives the laat tide of the
Jay except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United- States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
gtven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane ot reference Is the mean
ofiths lower low waters.
QITEENSTOWN — Arrived April 29— Stmr
Westernlantl. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,
and proceeded. • -. ¦ •
NEW TORK— Arrived. April 29-^Stmr;Fries
land. from Antwerp: .stmr Calif ornian. from
Marseilles, Genoa and- Naples: stmr Moltke,
from Hambars and Houthamrfton^ ¦
".''Sailed April 20— Stmr'NevaSa'. f° r San Fran
cisco; stmr Nomadic, for "Liverpool; stmr Pre
toria; for Hamburg, via Plymouth.
MO VILL.E— Arrived * . April. 29— Stmr An
chorla, 1 from New. York, for Glasgow.
BREMEN— Arrived April 29— Stmr Frleder
ich der Grospee," from New York.
LIVERPOOL. — Arrived April 20— Stmr Sax
cnla. I from New York.
NANTES— Sailed ".April 12— Fr bark Lafay
ette,'for San Francisco, f- . • i
VANCOUVER— Arrived April 2»— Br stmr
Yangtse, • from Hongkong.' • * . - -'
Sailed April 29 — Stror Al-KI, for Skagway.
MELBOURNE — ArrUed prior to April 2«J —
Ship W II Smith. hen<-e Feb 3.. • .
Arrived- March 21 — Shio Great Admiral, from
Port Townsend. ,
Sailed April 11— Ship John A Briggs. for
Xewcastle, A us, .and \ San -Francisco. . :./;
. - ' *.V,- : - OCEAmMTEAMERaVv }^~^> i
Gas Buoy to Be Replaced by San Francisco No. 70 and
Mariners Will Breathe Easier.
LIGHTSHIP READY FOR DUTY
AFTER MONTH AWAY FROM BAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, APRIL 30^ 1902/
5
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
i _
Arctic- ...... Humboldt Apr. :>
Rainier Seattle &- Fairbaven Apr. 3;^
North Fork.. HumUoldt Apr. Sf
Fan Jose. ... . I l'anama & Way Ports.. Apr. SO
Columbia.. -.-] Portland & Astoria..... Apr. 30
Poipona ..; Humboldt - '. Apr. Hs
Alliance | Portland & "Way Ports. Apr. -3<
Wyeficid . .... N*nalmo ........'. Apr. ."
Aigo.... .. ."..!Ke! Rlvtr Ports |Apr. Stt
E:r.piro j Coos Bay (May 1
Point Arena.. Point Arena |May 1
Santa Rasa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 1
Victoria . Comoi [May 'J
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ....(May :
Nippon SIcru. China & Japan ...; |May 1
UiTiatilla Puget Sound Ports .....JMay :
Euieka Humb61Ct 7 (May :
Mackinaw... Tacomn .IMay ;
Pl'ocnlx Mendocino City |May :=
Coos 13ay.... San Pedro & A\'ay Ports. |May :
Xeko. ....... KSeattlo ..|May i
Mar:dalay. ...jCocuille River |May -i
SanMateo... Nanalmo May i
Edith Seattle 'May .'
Stat^of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. )May i
O. W.-Klder.. Portland & Astoria. K . . .(May f
Coronado t San Pedro May f
I^t-fclancw — . New York via Panama. May 6
AlArn*-<la Honolulu .... May I
City Pwsbl.t.. Puget Sound Ports .... May '.
SontaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports. May ',
-Algca. ....... Manila via Moji May >
Hyadns...... Honolulu May .<•
Newport..... Panama & Way Ports. . May
Guatemala'... Valparaiso 4 .Way PortsJMay '.
Pfim... ..'...'. China & Japan JMay 1(-
Lakme Portland & Astoria ....I May 1«.
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. Pier.,
•April ao.~ ~~ ~ ~~
Cbehalis... Grays Harbor . 5 pm PJer —
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt^Orfd 12 m|Pier 1 .
. Mny 1. . .
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor ..... 3 pmlPicr '
San Juan.. Panama $ Way Pts 12 m PM.«S
San Pedro.. Humboldt jlOamlPirr •'
Argo Eel River Ports. ..15 pmlPler 2
State Cal..; San Diego & Way..|'O am Pier li
.1. Klfiball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amjPier '
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 7 pm|Pler 7
Doric China & Japan | 1 pmlPMSS
! 'Argyll;. n,.: N. Y. via Panama. I 2 pmlPier It
Queen Puget Soutvi PortsJH amlPier l
May a. j • | • .
Alliance... Portland & Way Ptsl 5 pmlPier ll
Santa Cruz Newport & Way Ptsl 0 amlPier 11
Pomona Humboldt |l:30p|Pier I
May a. II
Tanr:plco... Honolulu v. Seattlel 5 pm'Pier —
Arctic Humboldt 110 am Pier '
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Xorth Fork Humboldt ..'.I 0 am Pier •
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland|ll amlPier 21
Rainier Seattle & Falrhavenl 0 pmlPler 2
Bccsie K. . . Golofnin Bay-Teller IPler ll
Kurekn Humboldt ..."...... 9 amlPier IS
SRcca.... San Diego & Way. 9 am|PIer 11
Phcwnix.... Mcndocino City 3 pm pi cr i
Auftralia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
May C. ¦> .,
Wtstport.. Bear Harbor ....... 5 pm Bier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier •
May O. i . ¦
Coos Bny.. Ban Pedro & AVay..| 0 amlPier 11
Lmatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am'pier 9
Mu>' 7. I " " i '
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Manc'alay.. Coquillc River .... 4 pm Pier "
May 8.
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier ° ¦
San Jose... Panama & Way... 12 m PSISS
May 9. i
Nip. Mam. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS 'v
£? k ° Hamburg & Way.. .:...; [Pier — "
ft iv al Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
I
For.
I Sails.
pottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr 30
flumboldt Skagway & Way Ports May "
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May I
- h!c °; Sunrise & "Hope"' Citv. May 5
£ a :f» on Skagrway.* Way Ports. May S
cr tha. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. I May in
jantaAna... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. |May 1 5
3 Time Tinref , Time ¦ Time
» Ft.' — Ft. Ft. Ft
s _h_vv V \v : h.w . l w i * •¦¦
50 3:52 4.0lTT02 1.1 6:30 "Tb ..... ~~
L W , " H.W L W H.W
1' 0:00 3.1 B:1S 3.0 11:67 1.3 7:10 4.3
2 0:B7 . 2.0 C.:37 3.0 12:55 1.6 7:48 ' 6.0
3 1:4S 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 ;1.« 8:24 6.1
4 2:35 1.4 8:66 4.4 2:28 l.R S:68 ¦ 6.:j
B 3:18 , 0.8 9:59 4.6 3:13 r 1.0 9:30 6 6
0 4:001 0.1 10:64j;'4.7 3:68 ". 2.1 10:10 5.7
7 4:48|—0.4 U:49| ;\\ ,4:42| 2.4|10:50|.. 6.R
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
i _
Arctic- ...... Humboldt Apr. :>
Rainier Seattle &- Fairbaven Apr. 3;^
North Fork.. HumUoldt Apr. Sf
Fan Jose. ... . I l'anama & Way Ports.. Apr. SO
Columbia.. -.-] Portland & Astoria..... Apr. 30
Poipona ..; Humboldt - '. Apr. Hs
Alliance | Portland & "Way Ports. Apr. -3<
Wyeficid . .... N*nalmo ........'. Apr. ."
Aigo.... .. ."..!Ke! Rlvtr Ports |Apr. Stt
E:r.piro j Coos Bay (May 1
Point Arena.. Point Arena |May 1
Santa Rasa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 1
Victoria . Comoi [May 'J
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ....(May :
Nippon SIcru. China & Japan ...; |May 1
UiTiatilla Puget Sound Ports .....JMay :
Euieka Humb61Ct 7 (May :
Mackinaw... Tacomn .IMay ;
Pl'ocnlx Mendocino City |May :=
Coos 13ay.... San Pedro & A\'ay Ports. |May :
Xeko. ....... KSeattlo ..|May i
Mar:dalay. ...jCocuille River |May -i
SanMateo... Nanalmo May i
Edith Seattle 'May .'
Stat^of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. )May i
O. W.-Klder.. Portland & Astoria. K . . .(May f
Coronado t San Pedro May f
I^t-fclancw — . New York via Panama. May 6
AlArn*-<la Honolulu .... May I
City Pwsbl.t.. Puget Sound Ports .... May '.
SontaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports. May ',
-Algca. ....... Manila via Moji May >
Hyadns...... Honolulu May .<•
Newport..... Panama & Way Ports. . May
Guatemala'... Valparaiso 4 .Way PortsJMay '.
Pfim... ..'...'. China & Japan JMay 1(-
Lakme Portland & Astoria ....I May 1«.
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. Pier.,
•April ao.~ ~~ ~ ~~
Cbehalis... Grays Harbor . 5 pm PJer —
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt^Orfd 12 m|Pier 1 .
. Mny 1. . .
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor ..... 3 pmlPicr '
San Juan.. Panama $ Way Pts 12 m PM.«S
San Pedro.. Humboldt jlOamlPirr •'
Argo Eel River Ports. ..15 pmlPler 2
State Cal..; San Diego & Way..|'O am Pier li
.1. Klfiball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amjPier '
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 7 pm|Pler 7
Doric China & Japan | 1 pmlPMSS
! 'Argyll;. n,.: N. Y. via Panama. I 2 pmlPier It
Queen Puget Soutvi PortsJH amlPier l
May a. j • | • .
Alliance... Portland & Way Ptsl 5 pmlPier ll
Santa Cruz Newport & Way Ptsl 0 amlPier 11
Pomona Humboldt |l:30p|Pier I
May a. II
Tanr:plco... Honolulu v. Seattlel 5 pm'Pier —
Arctic Humboldt 110 am Pier '
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Xorth Fork Humboldt ..'.I 0 am Pier •
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland|ll amlPier 21
Rainier Seattle & Falrhavenl 0 pmlPler 2
Bccsie K. . . Golofnin Bay-Teller IPler ll
Kurekn Humboldt ..."...... 9 amlPier IS
SRcca.... San Diego & Way. 9 am|PIer 11
Phcwnix.... Mcndocino City 3 pm pi cr i
Auftralia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
May C. ¦> .,
Wtstport.. Bear Harbor ....... 5 pm Bier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier •
May O. i . ¦
Coos Bny.. Ban Pedro & AVay..| 0 amlPier 11
Lmatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am'pier 9
Mu>' 7. I " " i '
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Manc'alay.. Coquillc River .... 4 pm Pier "
May 8.
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier ° ¦
San Jose... Panama & Way... 12 m PSISS
May 9. i
Nip. Mam. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS 'v
£? k ° Hamburg & Way.. .:...; [Pier — "
ft iv al Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
I
For.
I Sails.
pottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr 30
flumboldt Skagway & Way Ports May "
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May I
- h!c °; Sunrise & "Hope"' Citv. May 5
£ a :f» on Skagrway.* Way Ports. May S
cr tha. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. I May in
jantaAna... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. |May 1 5
3 Time Tinref , Time ¦ Time
» Ft.' — Ft. Ft. Ft
s _h_vv V \v : h.w . l w i * •¦¦
50 3:52 4.0lTT02 1.1 6:30 "Tb ..... ~~
L W , " H.W L W H.W
1' 0:00 3.1 B:1S 3.0 11:67 1.3 7:10 4.3
2 0:B7 . 2.0 C.:37 3.0 12:55 1.6 7:48 ' 6.0
3 1:4S 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 ;1.« 8:24 6.1
4 2:35 1.4 8:66 4.4 2:28 l.R S:68 ¦ 6.:j
B 3:18 , 0.8 9:59 4.6 3:13 r 1.0 9:30 6 6
0 4:001 0.1 10:64j;'4.7 3:68 ". 2.1 10:10 5.7
7 4:48|—0.4 U:49| ;\\ ,4:42| 2.4|10:50|.. 6.R
'Si STBE ¦ EMFOBITJM. r- j ;;; ; : THE r : EMPpBITJM; | THE EMPOBIXTM. '-,-;• j THE EMPOBIUM. • .
| Among Thursday : Ejiira\ Special Offerings are l beautiful Spachtel Scarfs and Squares .at a j
t A Muslin Sal** *r?s?* fif • Some Beautiful %
f^'T^"v> &^/K*^fc^?*,*^ Waist Patterns $1.12. $
$( , . ' . '¦- ¦ '. ¦ ¦ v ' *^ •' ¦ ¦¦'•¦' - : " ' ¦ ~ • ** M^jmmS wr 9r^^^M M _y .-' ¦ ferent ' patterns " &\ '^
fc" Two Iot3 of Bleached Muslin — On special sale CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- M rrf -*^^^'^~~~~~ ~~~~^ c • . j **
JC LoM— Extra quality Twilled jarTIrid°Mi5inj ~~ tl 0$£J!xRto * AfciERICA'S GRANDEST STORE of bet quality /^^W *5
jf for night wear, driwers, etc.;- a 12c Q^ i^iterjtnd Kent's^.beautiful|El&"teS-ESibidra^Hv'H™^:^the Alps— Sw!s3 hand " /jOTQjLkf* . '&
I U^^SytS^' Muiin ; ¦' V^cH J- created grjat intercstin all cf the large cjtic. of the East, is now |^W^. |
J. 36 inchfs w.dej no dressing- yard.. . 5C bdng shown in our Attraction Hal], second -floor, free of charge. Hourly Ieo ; n v a ll), W rVK "^
£ -:': ¦-¦' : ¦:¦¦/——— — : from 10 a. m. until. closing time daily. ,'J ' \ : . worth fm ™-r^Sff'ff$^$J \wi
I ¦*tJMmiJkim %ZZff** Another Great Ribbon Sale To-Day. &££" hM/)J : ?
GipanSiag &*8BGj ?
JC fl/Jcn'S &&litS $£7 &£} ofajbbbe-'s stock of these particular kinds, on sale Wednesday^ at a reduction /^$TxM*^ X
tl':... /-<». v - a - j of mere than one-third from regular prices. .- Here are the particulars: $1.12 ; l 'v " JS
& - ' * —^v '"¦ " - good assort- • ¦ * ~ - ' - - '¦»'.'- ¦.'. ¦¦¦-¦*.' .- tg
«..-. ¦ ¦:-. S^OJs ' ment still left of 1500. yards of 4^-inch Brilliant Luster Soft Weave Louis ine Rbbort — all $illc; a complete '¦;¦;/> . l\ ;
K< '¦- •fe''^j>) : >. v '¦: these 1 ooa' arrivals -,-- »ngc of the favorite summer colorings, worth 35c per yard, sale price ......... 24C Caf« nf fyrofsinr« "5
X VX J v, in Men's Fine Suits i8°o yards of Novelty Weave Silk Ribbons, aVi inches, wide,, solid colors,- b - every . durable *>aie OF GXUEJSMur jj
g" y*^l_ NjtN^' ' — serg'ss," cheviou, summer shade, worth' 3 5c per yard, sale price . . . .;V". . . 1. . ... . . . IQc Fountain SyrittffBSm J5
If f\ \ ' cassimeres and v-cu- 2000 yards of superb quality Satin and Taffeta Ribbons, 3^ inches wide, all colors, the regular The best quality pure Para Rubber Syringes; J*
|£ / \ -¦ "•'{ .\ nas, in nobby stripes,^ 30c quality, sale price,' per yard .. . ... ... ..-:...:. r.. . .- ¦: . . . 18O complete Outfit including 3 hard rubber 5
if •'¦'/¦ II • \ ' '''¦ ' °verplaids, checks A well-known brand of At.-Silk Tiffeta Ribbons, the best quafity; : as some of the colors are sold p j peJ . guarant< . e d perfectj guaranteed t»we*r; *
titrwi "';'¦ and 'pliin mixtures, cuV we' ofi^r the entire stock of No. 40 and No. 60, which are lold regularly at soc and 25c spcc ial tor Wednesday: Jt
If • \> <C \ / broad 'shouldered per yard, for^ . ... . . . . ........ . .V.'. ..... ... . .'.. . 14O a^juart 75c size for . ..... ... . . 59 O 5
«f \ .v\X 1- ; coats with shape re- No. 80 of these All-Silk Taffeta Ribbon!, which sell regularly : tt 28c per yard, marked to j^juart 85c size for 69o %
S -^V"^^^"^Tv ' % taining fronts. ¦ close.' . . . . . "?'••' '• '.^ •". • • • .'v- •¦..,....:.. . . ... .. IQc ¦ ~. ' 5J
$ ' {^m of^^*^^ $2.OO Curtains $1.47. $1.00 Wrappers Special Sale of J
51 / : W) VJ**-so,>i5.ooand X Rare Bargain. G3c. - Satchel Baskets. s
£ \ / l^'i Jl t I*.*™ '56-inch Nottingham Curtains, 3^ yards long, ' '¦%S£9'" This offering J
»* I I | r e tocos: either single or double bordered panel curtain, %ifl New light colored /9=^~~^^^-~^ comes just in time 3"f
K I I 'I • jSLtfll -white or ecru; a handsome, strong curuin J^JSi Percale Wrappers, !&£MB^?^<£M& far the Mav Dav °5
$'.;' \' i-% /-¦'^. # -""" : suitable for hotel, ,nd lodging-houses, as well Hj^M^. likc P ictu «» lb = d pLS! and they 2
5' 1 '/ Boys' Sailor and « private homes; worth JS2.00 a pair, on wa^ts, properly made »^^§;^^>| £, con ; ea5eat for \ %
$ ULL * 5 -2%r2L Writing Paper 9c, IKf \T^Z^ e £**4 mM . „ , n x
* )4^ :¦,,.-. $3.48- 500 bow ' Iflfflm- -Wra FP «s in all sizes; ««*J ™£*f* JJ "£ ZZ^AsZ I
« W ¦•' Boys' Waists and 5 O r cream, ru.ed or plain, in the sizes known " /Jffl|'- both were.gx.ac, to- ix-»nch 30c size g^Q 18-inch 65c size 45O .%
X Blouses— For ages 4 > to 9 years , only; \ as St. James and octavo, good satin wots cr I ?sP/M dayonly.. . 69c x J»
If fast color percales; many broken lots worth : ii nen finished paper, , 24 sheets with 25 square H ? KlU\\ /-si. ur ivi - GPOCEPV SslCSm . 5
Jf Soc each; on special sale to-day,—^ envelopes to match, Wednesday only, box.flc .11? \\\\\% ev-I w J* » J. T \ 1 c 7- > -1 \
V j t # > ..-.I. . .' •' . . . . . ZmC'- ¦¦ * " ' . n\ i >iV\n Skirt: — We have Bacon — The fancy breakfast kind, on spec* 1 •<£
Jf * "•-*• .'•••• ' > ¦ _^ •»» 2 ___ i _ f%¥ tUSomt 9^ II > \\\ in them now in all- sale Wednesday; lb 15}4O X
S Pn^rl Button fS B.aS* UayS OMiViUn S B \\\\\ Skto, New Sman Beans-Wednesday; 8 lbs . 25O \
$ ~ , .£ I. lons ' Furnishing Goods ¦¦.¦JkWASh^ "-^ p / oper -If Extra susarco.-n- ¦ Am *
$ r Special Wednesday. Safe JMM I\\\m lensd " /or l^ ' £<» ofd* ¦ J^k^ *
% 1500 cards o/purewh^ Pearl Button,, perfect Among the many are of special in- W///] '"'/^S, -,ooo tin lot of *
mmakem fiveszes: ifi,^18 20 .,.«.. and . tere f t to Wednesf ay ,h oppers: \W\WV . . . - $4*45, C^ 01 " SUSar "'f 5 flhSS*W S
» =4 line, or, : sale Wednesday, only; Men s jj.cO'Underwea-- Good weight grav *Ull? >W^^ . • • . $5.45. m « £ . remark - BL Wfo *
% card ot i dorcn . . . :¦ . Q G Merino, niceiy made and finished, to-day and ableoffenng C 7" Si r^if^^^fWs, %
£ ¦- ~ ... -¦ •¦ --V ' balance of the week, :garment.. . .69O $1.75 TrlmtnOd HaiS, ™* e ""1°^ I S %T • "5
J. JeSSe SVIOOre A A Men's .'hlri^Unlaundered, made of excellent Special U $1.19. to-day per do.en .J? fjggS&M \
%. mjJhS*st**r Tf* fist%w 7O« muslin, with 2100 linen bosom, reinforced Like picture; olSC • j"S
tt. VrMSKyi I O^KJay #<£rC? back and fronts, and all, the latrst improve- splendid 2. Imncrted Sardines— r' /*/\OJySkl 3f.
?C The^ genuine Jesse Moor: A A Whisky — On ments, worth 75c, sale price . . • • 53C straw, as-- <<5gj[pS^s5§gi5Jjg5g$g5> Prim el brand; Nfea^J^V^jy XA
.» special sale for Wednesday only; bottle 79(3 Men's 50c Grade rf Ntw Neckwear — Impe- sorted colors, V^hSJ|S5|§8^*s|![2 ! 5'» packed in good oil; * •*
fg Port or Sherry — Extra five-yeir-o:d wine; rials, Nirrow Four in-Hands and Tecks; full fancy /^^"^''^^Jl'' ' lit^^ Wednesday, per dozen, Q5CJ 3 &« 25O I*t
X Wednesday, gallon . .... ... . 55G -good silks, up-to-date patterns and a Jarge drape and l&Z^ "^^^ Washing Soda — Wednesday, 20 lbs. . 23 ZS •*
K: Oocd Brancy — Wednesday, quart . . . 65c variety, sale price .'. '. .../.'.;; . . . 25C • good qu31, r . T ,~r. <& Oy»ters — Selects, Wednesday, 3 tins .. 25O 5
If Sonoma Szuternt — A c!ear white wine; gal : on Men's Hosiery — Solid color Macp yarn, black to-day only, V~ €2»* jr Fancy Rice — A clean grain Japanese Rice; jg
t£ ..... ... . . . . . '. . 75O or tan, pair . . . . '. . '. '-". . . *. 11o nonefor' v \^j^( ' Wednesday, 5 lbs 25c «*
K Our Extra Claret— The Black Letter Brand; Men's Stout Working Shirts— Good material, to-morrow . ChO'CC H'OaS — Uncolored Japan; ¦'£
jC quarts; 4 bott'es .. ...... . $f.OO cutful. . .'.... ... . . .47O .-.$1*19 .."."'¦ "" Ss «-, English Breakfast or Oolong; per. lb.. 40O . jf
OCEAN TRA.VEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. ' - Steamers leave Broadway
fl&W-_ Wharf. San Francisco:
Hiisabh. For Ketchikan, Juneau.
EsssFPSbw*: Skagway. etc.. Ala«ka — 1\ a.
BSTMlSf*!?! W- April 16. 21. 26. May 1.
i iMkHaTfal Change to company's uteam-
i BSaSSatSl «* »*- Seattle.
JHoBmfim . ¦ For Victoria, Vancouver.
*^ Port Townsend, Seattl-. Ti-
¦ ."•«*^-, conia .Bv^rett, New What-
24 ror'Ensenada. Mardalena Bay. San Jom de!
Cabo MaAtlan. Altai-. La. Pa*. Santa Ro.a-
lia Guayrnas <Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change »t«amer» or sall-
>n^j0^T?rri' O-p-ptCE— * New Montgomery
Pacific- Coast Steamship Co.
' "' s " ; ,'' '' :"i : — --FOR
'•LEAVE SEATTLE.'
SENATOR .:... ..,..••.•. • -*K55 I
VALENCIA -..V1 ; .•.-.:.: JUNK 7
And fOttniehtly thereafter during the season.
Eteam»=hip» CITY OF PTTEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving Sans Francisco May. 26 and May 31 r«-
•pectlvely; ceftrnect with nbove steamers. Tn»
new and. elegant, steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made TeeiiUf trips to Nome lart year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Norn*
fold»i -- apply .Ticket Office, 4 New Montjrom-.
ery street 'Palace Hotel). ' . • ;
- GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents;
_.-_.,-. . .10 'Market rt.. San Francisco.
d^:iF?v«:/V.'GO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP -LINE TO
Or., f
And Short Rail Line. prom Portland to All
Points East.. Through Tickets' to AH
Foints, all .Rail 'or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
S.S COLUMBIA- Sails.. May 3, 13, 23, June 2
SS GE0.--W.. ELDER Pails
. ..;:7..;. :.V.. ...... .April 28.May S. 18. 28
Steamer sails from foot cf Spear st.. 11 a. ra.
D."W. HITCHCOCK.' Gen. Agt.. 1 Mons'y. S. F.
PACIFIC^STEAM NAVIGATiON CO,
And Cia Sucl Amsricaha de Vap.ores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing irom How-
ard a, pier lo,-12 m. ' -.
OUATEMALA.'.May 10ICOLOMBIA.;. .Jui.e 21
PALEN A. >.'... May. 31|tUCAPEL. July —
These steamers are built expressly fer Cen-
f»al and- South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end pa SEenirer office, am California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
TO^ NEW; YORK. VIA FANAMA DIRECT.
¦ "v Cabin, $105; Steerage.' $40; Meals Free. r \
S.S. Argyll...... sails Thursday. May 1
S. S.Leelanaw/.Salls Saturday, May 10
From HarriBoh-et. "Wharf, Pier 16, at 2 p.. m.
Freight and Passenger Of flee, 3St> Market " st.
\ F. P. -CONNOR,. Pacific Coast Agent
' AMEKICAX L1>E.
"KEW YORK, .SOL^IHAMProy. LONDON.
Phlladel . .'May ' 7,' 10 am St. LouIs.May 21, 10 am
St. Paul.Mar 14,' 10 am Philadel.May 2S, 10 am
RED STARVLIXE.-
new york,';antwerp. paris.
Friesland..May 7. noonlVaderlad.May 21, noon
Southwk..May 14. noonlKensingn.May 28 noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.;
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..S0 Montgom'y st.
BAY :-,-. AND BIVEB U-STEAMEiiT
FlliTJTiiAVf^
¦ Steamers: GEN. •;. FWSBIE ;or MONTICELLO
. b:i5 *.' m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day . Sunday, 9:45 a. m. . 8:30 p. m. Leaves
-Vallejo 1 a. .. m..- 12:30 noon. 6 . p. '¦ m., . except
Sunday. Sunday, 7a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fars 50
cents. ; Telephone Main 1503. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BR08.> v, , '
. r
A'Most Remarkablo Remedy Tint
. (^uickiy Restores Lost Vigo^ : !
¦ , to Hen.
A Free Trial Paekaea Sent by Mali
to All Who Write.
. Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so -many men who had bat-
tled-- for years agalnstv the mental - and
physical: sufferings of lost manhood that
the 'institute has decided to distribute free
trial, packages -to all who .write; It is a
.home treatment- and -all men who suf-
fer .'from any ¦ form : of sexual weakness
resulting from -youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele <' or - emaciation . of .parts \ can
now cure themselves at home, f :¦ ¦ - ¦
, ¦ The . remedy =. has a ¦ peculiarly grateful
effect ' of warmth and seems -to . act di-
rect ; to the • desired • location," " giving
strength and development y Just where ' it
is needed. "It. cures all the ills and trou-
bles that come , from years of : misuse of
the natural > functions ' and has , been . an
absolute success in all cases. A request
to .the ?, State Medical- Institute, 32S Eiek-
iron .building. Fort Wayne, >. Ind..
Jng that you desire one of their -free tiial
packages, 1 -will be^compHed; with: prompt-
ly.:- The institute is desirous of reaching
that/ great class ; of.; men , who are un-
able to : leave ; home to, be treated, , and
the jfree, samples; will enable them to. see
how ; easy . it \ is 1 to . be • - cured ; of :' sexual
.weakness ; when i the j proper remedies 'tire
employed. ¦" The institute makes no restric-
t!ons..:Any man who- writes will .be: sent
a- free: sample, :carefully sealed in a; plain
package, ', so • that ; its -. recipient • need i have
no •: fear -.of : embarrassment or publicity.
Readers are - requested ; to .write , without
delay. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
-«,.'. : tJ. S. fn.J\ll* ROUTE.
Wm*®* SAILINGS.
mmmm commbrcial co.
Will dispatch its first-class steamers, carryias
United States mails, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follo-wa:
From San Francisco
S. S. DORA TUESDAY. May 20
8. S. ST. PAUL........ j une 3
S. S. PORTLAND July 1
¦ . . From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO .'. June .1
S. S. INDIANA June 7
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saldle.
carrying United States mail, for Teller and
Contlta Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golovin -and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers fop
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
645 Market st.. San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
Puffet Sound Agent, Seattle.. Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILT. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Branoan streets, at 1 p. ro..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe iHiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with ' steamers for India.
etc. ><"o cargo received on board on day of
talKng. • • .
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1003
fSS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. June 4th. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 28th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and pa=«age apply at company** office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
SS. SONOMA, for* Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 17pm.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for ¦- Tahiti .'
Sunday. May 4. 10 a. m,
t SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, May 10, 2 p. m.
I. D. 5PEECKELS & BBOS.CO., Gfiflgral Agls., 329 HaiXsl
Gsji'I fass. omes. 643 Marist si, Pier so. 7. Pacific St.
COXPASNIE eZHI&ALE THA53ATLA5TICJT;S.
UJKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of -«J"KfCfift
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier -U.
North Klver. foot of Morton street. "
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second '
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. !£! Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paci.io Coast
Agents (~> Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets cold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Ifjji.sis*' INJECTION. I
f^A PERMANENT CORE I
S Of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
? and Gleet, {raaranteed in from 3 to ft C .
c days : no other treatment required. ¦ 5
! . ' 5 Sold^ 1 all druggists. ; 5
PEHNVRpy^L PILLS
D— ffTv _ «^ Orl » lll «» •"<• Only ««ia)i>«.
/<,tt &}*k tor CHICHKSTKJP/S ENGLISH
f^^i^iSn^ ia i;.EI> i»fC«M u«tall!<i boxw. t*»:M
- Ta-^«l5(jJ«>blp«rlbHoo. T«ke6»otl»«r. Reflua
1*1 3% <K4 l»«iarer»i» >vl<«iitD>io4s aad imit*.
I / . ttj «•¦•• Bny >J y»»r OmfjUi. or wad 4«. la
I SI Hi "fff^i f •'«•»»•«. Te-tf»«Uta
\V -ft? »«<i* 4 RelUrf«rL«*lefc' > *»l«w«r,h/re.
-A. ff fnr«.Mmli- 1 0.OIM> Teniooalal-. S*l4by
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rocms, 50c to $1 50 day;
(5 to ?.S week: $S to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold -water every room; flre grates in
every room; elevator runs all night. ..*»•>
¥ /PATENTS* >J
MARKET lr!sf*§Bi£r
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TH£
Great Mexican Remedy: gives hsalth and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
jrf&r ojr^ . REST FOB TH& RSW?! **l
\^ CATHARTIC jd&
_ ..... CASCAKKT8 1 CASCAKETS _ ,
tmet* co«d> 2«t them inrrr-umr the Sow of
' a>m]w like caxjdy. Thejw- miUclannrsinemotli- DAABl FAB
ChEDT ™ r1 "' «T t) 8^ tut * en - -A- *»blet eaten BOON FOR
WMUWI lnUi«in«w»h.l««vlB« brtlie mother nakes •**»*»!¦ 1 wi»
PSTH^RTTP tae breath sweet and her milk mildly ponr- HflTHFR^
; wAlnAnftb pprfaraed. It Is n atlve and ban a mild . IHU I itVlO
rtia\ pleamiTe to tato but eortaln effect on ¦ '
1 ' them InnVead of n*c- the baby, the oniy ' '
**aiiMg Mcnidt or ciunon-ball pills. »^fe laxative for the babe-in-arms.
, CASCAKKTS ..... CAS CAKCT8 ,
1 ar« pnrely T«setable «re liked by the ehll-
DIIDFI V and contain no mer- <lretu They taste ¦ DIC1CC
rUnCLT cnrlal or other niln- cood and do c««<l- rLtAoEl
er&l poison. They stop wind-colic and
VFRFTtn P are n?ade of the la£ mept. .cd kill and TUC f»UII RRPH
I*>CC1#&OLX fix Trmrdirn iUkcot- drire off vormi and I ISC UnlLUnCn
*T«d and are a scien- all V'.nda of para- .
'tiflc combination «ite« that lire in the* •
L*Tcr before pst toeether in any form. bowels of the growing ehiid.
, CASCABKTS CA6CAEETS '
! ar» antiteptic. That .taken potirotly. per-
IWTlCrnTTO raean« th»y «top in- «itt«ntly, are cuaran- mint*
AH I 15 Lrii'j <^ic«*ted fond from i«ed to cure any case WWliC
. ' — * ¦ aonriue in the atom- of conatipation. no
I IYITTVP erh - Prevent fer- matter how old acd fifI/5 Dl UTCCn
a-KAi»llfC mratation in the obstinate, or pur- BU AHA It I ECU
_^^^^ —-mm——-^____^_ bowela and kill dia- chase money will be
..¦^^^ a , . . ea ** cerm» of any -cheerfully refunded '
Had that breed sad feed la the tretem. . . by yonr own dmjei't.
¦ CASCAIiETg CASCABirrS "
toaethettoinach and are sold by all drug- 1
I fUCQ bowe'.a and sticnlate «ri«U for lOc. 25c« ursi Til
LlVCn lb« Hit lir«r. rcak- J.OC a bm, accord- HtilLTn
._.-,.,. .»,_. J"C 5t work. Tbey Inc to size. A lOc ..—«...••
STIMULANT etw.jrthen th , bow . hnK wU l r-ror* thrir prtD (A OClJTe
0IUU«>kAHI »1« and pet them Into merit and pnt yon on rUil III wCHId
I 'I Tlcorf>n» healthy the right road to per- :;
, , ~ . condition, taaklnc feet and permanent ' . I
their action ea*y acfl natnraL .... health- Don't risk delay.
j Don't judge CASCARETS by other medicines you have tried. They are
new, unlike anything else that's sold, and infinitely superior. Try a ten-cent
>¦ v °=yg>n - box today, if not pleased get, your money baci!
I /P /P iPj «^f Jl!S • Larger boxes, 25c or 50c. Sample and booklet
k/L^lJ BewareNjf mailed free. Address 537
Imltatloft*^ steruno rcucdy co.,cHic*ao:uoNTReAi, : e*ii:ViitwToniiV ; ;At the meetine of the State executive
committee, - heltAk-esterday afternoon at
the Young Men's Christian "Association
building, the reports of the officers and
committees • were presented and ordered
read to ' the convention this morning.
These reports show, a large advance In all
the lines cf association. work. Every line
shows a gain over all previous years.
The officers of the State association are
as follows:
• . President, Rev. ]W. M. White. San Francisco.
\VIce"presidents — Rev. L. M. Walters, Fresno;
Rev.' Philo Fhelps, Salinas; A. A. Macurda,
San Francisco; C C' Lombard, Oakland.
General and financial secretary, Earl S.
Bingham.*. San Jose; assistant secretary. Miss
Nellie M.Bill. San Jose.
Statistical secretary. Mrs. Charles Harp,
Stockton. \
; Treasurer, J. V. Bacon,- 4S7 Thirty-fourth
street, Oakland. )
Superintendent primary work— Miss Helen
Babb, San Jose."
Superintendent home deparment. Rev. J. E.
Squires, Colusa.
Superintendent : normal work, . Rev: S. A.
Nesblt. Saratoga. • -
Kxecutlve 1 committee^ — Class . of 1002 S. W.
Mack, Gonzales; C. B. Perkins, San Francisco;
FAVOEABLE REPORTS.
Stockton; -Rev. C. "W. Jopson. Los Gatos.
. -- Resolutions— J. L.. Van Derweker, Alame
da: A. "W. Beam. Selby; Rev. U - O. ' Herald.
San Jose.
.^This'.week.Sl 4th st., front barber & gro
cer, best eyeglasses; & spectacles, 10c-40c.»
Special ! ipf ormation 5^supplied, dally to
business ? houses ? and t publicf men t'- by ¦ the
Press I Clipping ! Bureau .(Allen's)/ 230 Call
i&rnia street. . Telephone Main ' 1042.' •
The Governor of New York;is (coming out to see
us. For "the ., sake ; of the '; State's 'reputation I it is to
be t hoped : that the' chief- executive "of California I will
follow:his ¦ custom and; remain out 'of ' sight. -\
;^Towhsend's California glace! fruit. 50c. a
pound,"* in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets.^. A nice .present for ¦ Eastern : friends.'
639 , Market ; st. .Palace , Hotel -building" •
Prunes stuffed apricots. Townsend's.*
Szn Francisco has given up the* completion of
Dewey boulevard. This road, v/hich begins nowhere
and ends nowhere, is not unlike Dewey's reputation,
the concluding' cHnptcrs of which might perhaps have
Cal. v glace ' fruit 50c' per lb at Townsend's*.
\ ,The school , officials are very, much ex
ercised over the recommendation of Aud
itor Baehr to - the 'Board of Supervisors
that the; appropriation, tor the public
schools be, limited, to, $1,200,000 for next
year.* This amount, the Directors say is
entirely Inadequate to run the department
properly. , A memorial will be drawn at
the;' mass-meeting: and signed by the
school r officials and 1 teachers urging the
Supervisors : to Ihcrea3o the; appropriation
above that esUmated by the Audi tor. The
following; circular! on the subject was is
sued, to principals yesterday by. President
Denman:
J Offlce . Board of ' Education.— Circular No '4
' . SAN: FRANCISCO, April 29. 1902" - >:
To Principals: You- arc authored "to close
your »schools on ' Friday, the " 2nd of May at
2 o'clockp.. m., the .purpose of allowing
the teachers • to attend a' mass-meeting 0 *
teachers at the, Girls' Hleh School Auditorium
at 2:30 o'clock "p." m. •. ;.' ' - v ;
_^ The ; meeting^ ha^ , the earnest support of i thi
Board or Education, and; is for the purpose of
urging ¦ ; the Board of;, Supen-Isors , tS rn^ke a
more liberal appropriation for ' the support ot
the public schools. Respectfully. BU PP° rl oc
'< .'. " ¦:.'. -r JAMES DENMAN,
; ; .President Board. of Education."
The Board of Education met yesterday
in executive session and decided to call
a mass-meeting of : the! teachers' in the
public schools with ; the object of urging
the Board of Supervisors ; to , provide lib
erally for the administration of the
schools in the next. tax budget.
The meeting will ; be held at ' the Girls'
High School Fridays afternoon at 2-30
o:cl6ck; Director " Denman, president - of
,thf Board of Education, 'will explain the
object of the meeting-,* and Directors
Mark, Roncovieri and ! Woodward and Su
perintendent of Schools N Webster will de
liver addresses. ' ¦ '-."v- ,
i-j Holmes, was of akindly, and genial dis
ipositlon: and materially assisted -; In ' de
veloping . various 1 interests ' in " the State. ¦
--In^l887r-he: organized the Sunset Lime
Company ] in Tehachapi; Kern' County, and
became': president "of one of the only two
wholesale! lime companiesvonj the 'Pacific
Coast. '¦' ~ The i Holmes :•*• Lime <•! Company's
works : are situated ¦. in Santa Cruz and El
Dorado I counties, ; and 5 have • a • yearly out
put of ,80,000 barrels... .: • • ...
VThe deceased was at one time a Super
visor in ¦.Sacramento "and was, also: on! the
first ; Board ; of ; Levee ' Commissioners ;in
Sacramento 1 in 1861. /.This > was ¦ the board
which constructed -the^Sacramento ; River
levee. ; ; He wa's;also ; one of ithe; early suD
scribers .'.to ] Huntington's v ' Central ¦. Pacirtc
venture. / >.\- • ¦.¦.:'¦''¦..:¦- ¦" .-•' ¦" '" ,-' •- ' :- \'i''-'-'
. ' Henry Holmes was one of ¦ California's
foremost pioneers.' - He ! was born in Lan
dingburg., Rensselaer County, New York.
February 28, 1829, and started out for him
self 'as* a grocery, clerk at the age r of 1>.
\Vhenthe news of the great gold discov
ery In • California in 184S reached the -Kast
he . was one ' of j the < first to start for the
gold fields. } He came around the Horn in
1849 and .commenced mining. near v Auburn,
butlater.with a keen business; sagacity,
openedf'a general -merchandise store .at
Missouri, Bar. -He .built", the first tele
graph; line in^ California...; It was -owned
by the ;Alta.: California Telegraph Cord
pany and ran between Auburn ! and • Qras3
iValley. ! Later ,the line "> was extended to
Sacramento and , San " Francisco, where; it
was .'; finally " : by the ; - Western
Union "Company.;- ¦ :,!_ .. .¦! _¦. "/¦¦¦:' " /
Henry T. Holmes, president- of- the H.
T. Holmes ; Lime Company, - died Monday
night after, a Jlngerlrig illness at his home,
1922 Plr.e : street' - : -' ' :
It is still • some time before registration will ;close;
but it is none the'jess just as weir to begin, reminding
citizens of their duty in that respect. v The bosses
will see to it ' that their men are.registeredj'.'>the
henchmen' of the corporations will get, every service-.
able_ heeler, on the" rolls," but there is no one to ro.und
' The -delay invariably brings 'with it two evils. In
the first place if, citizens would register early they
would have little 1 or no difficulty .in 1 getting them
selves enrolled, but when they: wait until the last
week, or perhaps even the last day, there is of neces
sity a good 'deal of annoyance . caused by having , to
stand in : line wasting perhaps an hour at what could
have been done earlier in ten -minutes. ; In the sec
ond place when the delay is carried too far citizens
sometimes find it impossibleto register at' all, and
thus they lose the- franchise and the privilege of
having a voice ; in • deciding' .what candidates shall • be
elected. . :-iV.' '.". ' ' ; , '.'¦ ¦.. ¦. ' > ¦'.:)
The delay in registration is far from being sur
prising/ Unfortunately the average American busi
ness man,: workingma'n rand professional man is so
much absorbed in his own affairs that he is prone to
neglect even the most primary of his public duties!
Every election year, whether the contest be national.
State or- local, furnishes .new '¦• illustrations of the
seeming indifference of the general public to' the
duty of registration. , 1 1 is not until the excitements
of the campaign are-under^way that, the attention of
citizens is given to the importance of, the subject:;The
result, is much the same year after year — a lagging
enrollment for months; and then a rush to enroll dur
ing, the closing, days of registration.
AT the meeting of the executive committee of
• the Republican State Central Committee on
Monday evening Chairman Stone directed at
tention to the fact that registration, throughout the
State is progressing very slowly. While theenroil
ment has been in progress for; more than three
months it, is reported that in several: counties less
than 100 persons have, registered. ,'
SEEK A LARGER
APPROPRIATION
FOR SCHOOLS
/ THE DUTY OF REGISTRATION.
It is well known that nothing makes a. .-more
prompt or a' more permanent impression upon a vis-:
itor.to a city than' the condition .of.' J the streets.
.Where > the pavements are igood; and : \ are kept well,
swept and clean. the visitor, forms ,a favorable opinion
of the community, .but 'if the fpavihg ' be .'rugged,
ragged or/dirty/ or if tie be every where . annoyed ' by'
clouds" of dust raised':by : eyery,vbreeze, "no amount of <
hospitality, can excite" in his mind any '¦¦ great adrnira-.
tion for .the community. We are going : to put our-,
selves to cdnsiderable/expense^and; are ; to exert.our
best '; energies to ; the - entertainment " of f the '.visiting
Mystic Shriners and; ; Knights^ oH Pythias, : so-; we'
should attend, to the matter of; making "a clean r sweep
of our main ¦thoroughfares as ' : a; part oV the i work ;'of ;
preparation. ; -" ¦
Before all that political sweeping be
gins and the phrase loses its force let us talk business
awhile on the advisability of making a # literal clean"
sweep of the thoroughfares of San Francisco by. way.
.of! preparation for, the coming of the 'many, thousand
visitors to our. city 'during the summer. ;•:,.; ; -
That the streets of San Francisco arc m'uchicleaner
than: they were in days gone by: is indisputable! We
have , got past the silurian age and > our principal
thoroughfares are 119 longer: foul.: Still theyare a
long way from being as clean as" they should b'e)-
When the summer^vinds- blow.: about: the town' for
the cooling of the air ;- and ; the "refreshment : [ of the"
Eastern ¦ : fugitives ; from . thel sweltering^ torridity' of.
the Mississippi and the Atlantic Statesthey : will carry
a good deal-of dust witli them if'there be not much
better clean. sweeping than is done now. ;
AS election times are coming on there is going
to be a good depl of talk throughout the'
. country of "clean sweep." Republicans are'
going to exhort one another to make a sweep ofthe
whole country, Democrats will try to make a sweep
of a State or two, and even the populists, fu'sionists'
and independents will get out -brooms more or less
new and make a vigorous effort to sweep a county or
perhaps even a Congressional district.
A CLEAN SWEEP.
The American flag is worrying the manipulators
of the British merchant marine. Our British cou
sins should congratulate themselves that the flag ap
pears on a mission of peace, prosperity and profit, or
the worry, mights be more serious than that which
now attaches to any reference -to South. African af
fairs. ; ¦ "
While the situation is thus far from reassuring, the
executive committee deserves credit for leading off
in the fight for open primaries. It is a, step in the
right direction and gives encouragement to those
who are demanding that the right be conceded to
every Republican to' have' a vote and a voice in the
selection of the delegates who are to nominate the
State ticket. The action of the committee tends
toward the ultimate harmony of the party, which is
threatened only by the effort of Billy Herrin, a Demo
crat, to force the rcnomination of Gage. If now the
rank and file see to it that the recommendation be
followed in every locality the prospects will be bright
for the nomination of a ticket that will sweep the
State and aid in bringing about victory v in every
county. , ¦*'¦¦-
It is hardly necessary to point out that while the
following of the bosses is not numerically strong,
the combination is nevertheless a formidable one.
The corporation has called to the aid of Gage all
its henchmen of both camps. Even where primaries
are held there will be a fight made for Gage by a
combination of the Democratic with .the Republican
"push." In short, the corporation forces are thor
oughly organized and thoroughly unscrupulous.
Very little will they care for a recommendation of
the State Central Committee if they can see any
chance of advantage by .setting it aside, and unless
the rank and file of the party be vigilant and reso
lute a good many Republicans may have the morti
fication of seeing themselves misrepresented in the
State convention by i»Pichine delegates appointed to
obey Herrin and vote for Gage.
That the bosses, who, under the direction of Billy
Herrin, are making the fight for Gage, will accept
the recommendations without a struggle is not to be
expected. They are working for delegates who will
take orders, and they will not hesitate to resort to
trickery to obtain them. They are well aware they
have but little chance to elect their men at primaries,
and accordingly will have delegates appointed wher
ever they can.
While this first step toward the attainment 'of
honest primaries is gratifying, it will not do for the
rank and file of the party to depend too much upon
it for ultimate victory. Neither the executive com
mittee nor the State Central Committee can do any
thing more than make recommendations on the sub
ject. It will remain with "the local authorities of the
party to choose delegates by any means they may
designate, and the final decision as to the validity of
the choice rests with the State convention itself.
What has been accomplished, therefore, is but little
more than a victory on the skirmish line and the
main battle is yet to be fought.
The special committee may be relied upon to carry
out the instructions. There is every reason to be
lieve that at least a majority of its members are in
favor of primaries and would have recommended
them even without instructions, As it is, it is probable
there will be a unanimity of sentiment on the sub
ject and the desired recommendation will be duly
and strongly made.
BY the executive committee of the Republican
State Central Committee the first step has
been taken to assure every genuine Republi
can a right to a rote in the selection of delegates to
the State convention. A special committee of five
has been appointed, to which Chairman Stone was
added, to prepare for submission to the general com
mittee a call for a State convention and such.resolu
tions as it may deem advisable, and it was instructed
to include in its call a recommendation that all dele
gates to the State convention be elected at open pri
maries.
PRIMARIES RECOMMENDED.
DEATH SUMMONS
NOTED PIONEER
OF CALIFORNIA
At the : close of the meeting President
"White announced the appointment of the
following committees: .-' . ¦ ;
Rev. 1 L.M. Walters of Fresno, first vice
president, delivered an address entitled
"Go Teach— Respond Quickly to. the 'Call.''
He said the international Sunday-school
system "was inaugurated in 1S73 and at the
close of that year had a membership of
5,00<f,000. In thirty years its scope had ex
tendedto all parts of the world, and now
it numbered 25,000,000. "It is planted," he
said, "in! every country,: in every mission
post and every school district, and it is
the advance guard'; of 'church cl.viliza
tipn.""•::. : . . 5i-' . 1 '. ' .*;
, Rev. A. B. Banks of Sacramento made
a brief, and humorous response, in which
he referred to the hospitality of the peo
ple of ! San Francisco' as exemplified in the
reception accorded to the delegates to the
Christian Endeavor, Epworth League and
the present conventions. . •.. •
CITY IS HOSPITABLE.
: Sf we must realize that we have to develop
the Sunday school.- which is the very vital part
of . cur v church; The Sunday school, enhances
popular • education and the morality of tho
reople. j The Brele Is out. of the public schools
and it is probably out to. stay. Then how are
you going to grasp the problem of morality If
we 'do not teach . the Bible in . the Sunday
school? We have either to teach morality to
the pupil of the public schools through the
medium of the Sunday school or else put a po
lice officer upon him as a safety valve.
Th* Sunday school Is as old as the history
"bf the church. All the leaders of Christianity
favored them and ursed-, their establishment,
the ereat heretic in the first century,
eald:- "Destroy the school, for if the youth
of the land are educated, our cause .can make
no headway." _ Martin Luther, the ' Jesuit?,
John Wesley and other noted religious ", leaders
favored the establishment of the Sunday school.
After the singing of the hymn "Onward,
Christian, 'Soldiers," Rev. W. M. : White
opened the exercises with a brief address.
He said that he was extremely sorry that
Mayor. Schmitz, who was*to deliver the
address of welcome on' behalf of the city,
was not present, having been . detained
by a press of . municipal business. In the
Mayor's place he Introduced Rev. F. . M.
Larkin of Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church/ who delivered the welcome on
the part of the churches. . He said in part:
Ing-ton of Plymouth : Congregational
Church. : ... -,..¦¦.
WEDNESDAY. ....APRIL 30, 1902
"I ; JOHN D. SPRECKELS." Prcprietor.
Ailnu All Cesmn&ict.tia&i to W. S. LEASE, Ktnager.
ri'BLICAT7oX^3KFIClS...Mnrlcet and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROO31S U17 to 2S1 Stevenaon St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE V CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered bj- Carrier*. 15 Wnt* Per Weelc
Slnsrle Coplen. 5 Cent«.
Terms bj- Mall. Including PosUjfei
DAILT CALL (lncladinp Sunday), one year $8. 00
CAIX.T CALL (inc!u3Ine Sundajr). 8 months 8.00
DAILT CALX, (including Sunday). S jnontlw J.BO
»AILT CAL1>-By i51ngle Month 65c
fiUNDAT CALL. One Tear 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* ore authorized to receive
KnbRcriptlonK. -
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
MaM cubscriben In ordering chenpe of address should be
perticular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to insure a. prsspt and correct compliance .with their re<jueti:.
OAKUM) OFFICE 1118 BroadiTBy
*
C. GEOBGR KROGSESS.
Ku&etr Tcreira Advertising. Ktrjcett* Ballcinp Chic*g».
(Lens Distance Telephone "Central 2619.") y,
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX - r Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building:
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehertuan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIJVGTOY <D. CV> OFFICE. . . .14OC G St., N. IV.
MORTOX E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 aiontgotnery. corner of Clay, open
until 0:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o" clock. C15 Larkin, open until
B:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open untti 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109C Va
leacia. epen until 0 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open .until 9
o'clock. N'W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 3 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open unti! 0 p. m. •
Surely it is high time for the people of the United
States to put a stop _tO' this defiance of law. Either
the Interstate Commerce Commission should be
given power to enforce its rulings or it should be
abolished. ItJs up to Congress. to act,. and the peo
ple should see to it that the action is taken promptly.'
That is the situation. "The railroads' ignore the
commission, the courts and the public. . It is not
merely that a comparatively small city like Los An
geles is, unfairly treated, but even so great a city as
Chicago is wronged. The defiance runs not only
against the minor tribunals of the> country, but the
Supreme Court itself is mocked.
This defiance of the law and the courts is hot a'
thing- of to-day only. It has been going on for some
time! _¦¦ In the report submitted to Congress last Jan
uary,, the. In terstatec Commerce Commission ; said:
"It ' s is not A the business 1 of., this .commission
to enforce .the. \ anti-trust, n 'act,\ and. we express
no opinion - as t!o, the legality of the means
adopted by these associations.' We ' simply
call attention to the fact that the decisions in the
United States Supreme Court in the trans-Missouri
and Joint Traffic' Asspciation cases have produced no
practical effect upon the railway operations • of the
country. Such associations,' m fact, exist ; now as
they' did before those decisions and with the same
general effect."
It is probably quite true that Mr. Hill was correct
in saying the decision of the United States Supreme
Court would have no effect whatever upon his com
pany.; Whether his "acts are legal or illegal makes no
difference. He is as sure of his ability to defy the
court as President Ripley is: to defy the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
Another recent incident is pertinent to the issue.
Only a few days ago President Hill of the,; Great
Northern was asked what would be the effect "if the
Supreme Court enjoined the merger planned by the
Northern Securities Company, and replied: "It makes
not the slightest difference to, us, not the slightest.
We own the properties now, and whether we control
them in one form or another doesn't make much dif
ference. It's something of a fashion, just like the
coat you wear may be cut in' three or. four different
ways, and still be a coat.- If the courts should finally
decide against the securities company it would hurt
people interested in other railroad corporations, but
it would not affect us." . '
On the very day that President Ripley in Los An
geles was; expressing: his .intention to appeal to' the
courts the merchants and manufacturers of Chicago
joined in making representations of unfair, discrimi
nations on the part of the railroads centering in that
city. The charges made by the complainants are
probably true, since 'they; are made by a body of re
sponsible men, and yet those roads' have been spe
cifically enjoined. v by. the courts from making such
discriminations. The roads -therefore have not only
violated the law, but have violated the injunction and
are in contempt of court. .- :.-
On the face of "it that refusal ¦ to \ comply ' with the
ruling of the commission until the courts have. passed
upon it seems fair enough. It dismisses the "com
mission, indeed, as a body! of no authority, but it,in
timates a willingness to obey the, courts^ If any con
fidence could- be placed in th<r apparent respect for
the courts all : would be well, .bill, unfortunately, no
such confidence can exist;'" The great railroad man
agers ha-ve in repeated* instances, paid no more at
tentioh-to the- courts "than, toi the commission.
REPORTS from Los ; Angeles are to the effect
that the officials ' of • the . Santa Fe road will
not comply with the recent ruling of the Iri
terstate Commerce Commission that railroads must
make .shipments by • whatever ; routes the shipper : se
lects. 'President Ripley of the Santa Fe/ who is "now
in Los "Angeles, is quoted as saying: "Our course in
regard to the . ruling of the ; Interstate Commerce
Commission in the citrus fruit case will depend on
what the lawyers advise. T '. do not expect we will
comply, with the. ruling, but we wilt let the '/courts
decide whether we.: are right or : the shippers are
right."-' '..- " ¦/¦ .' "., 7 '¦¦ ' , '¦ ':¦¦¦ ¦¦.-• ' .:¦¦.., v
RAILROADS AND THE LAW.
Upon this the followers of the prophet of Lincoln
take their stand and refuse to budge. 1 And it was for
this that Bryan unhitched his horse. ;
Then this call to arms proceeds to denounce the
courts, call attention to Bryan's exclusive ownership
of the Declaration of Independence, and then, seem
ing to see David Q. Hill again, runs at him like a dog
with a collar does at the pound wagon. With its
finger on the public pulse and with the furred tongue
of the United States under its inspection, this Bryan
crowd prescribes for the patient a dose of initiative
and referendum, to alternate when' the patient is
awake with popular election of Federal Judges and
Senators, to be followed with "liberal pensions of
faithful public servants Who retire from age." With
all this the patient is to take a bath in a Government
ownership of all utilities, and, as a soporific, the
single tax.
This piatform re-enacts those of 1896 and 1900,
upon which Chairman Jones won the greatest vic
tories ever, won before election in the history of
American politics. Upon the platform of 1896 he
carried every. State in the Union except Vermont,
and in 1900 had hopes of that. These victories were
won in August and September, and the, merit \of
those two platforms is -that they got in' and woh'ih'
huckleberry time' and before the first frost,, while the
Republicans had to wait till November before they
carried a single State. 'We think tKeJJryan men are
wise in not parting with those platforms.- They are
like a family totem to a Siwash Indian — they mean
much. •:. : ;*'
Having given a good licking to these offenders the
Bryan Democracy proceeds to adopt a platform, and
any fellow not standing on it, or even seen loafing
near the ,edge where it would be easy to jump off,
is ruled out, cannot be a delegate, and if caught vot
ing the ticket will find the finger of scorn loaded and
aimed at him.
The offense of Tammany is that it has entered
into social relations with Mr. Hill and has returned
bis* calls. For this Tammany is stripped of war
paint and feathers and the sachems and wiskinskies
are treated as if they, were just reservation Tndians
and not big braves at all.
A convention is called to meet in New York June.
7 to nominate a full Bryan State ticket, and candi
dates for ! Congress and local offices. The call for
this convention hops on to David B. Hill and makes
him look as if he had been attacked by a company of
buzz-saws. His record since 1894 is overhauled, -and
by no means for repairs, but to make them neces
sary. If he is left* uncccused of any political crime
it is because it was like parricide among the Greeks
— never \heard of. Tammany, the new Tammany,
the disinfected, vaccinated and just-out-of-quarantine
Tammany, then comes in for a roast which rises to
the dimensions of a barbecue, and the scent' of its tor
ment is detected as fcr as the smell of burning gar
bage in the valley of Hinnom. .
Then appeared Colonel Bryan on the scene. He
looked over the load and failed to find free silver, or
the platforms of 1896 and 1900, or a copy of his
"First Battle," or even an issue 'of the Commoner.
There was no pledge to celebrate his birthday or do
any other thing to keep him* or his memory green.
Then. Bryan was mad. He proceeded at first to
abuse everybody from Watterson to Hill who hitched
the team and loaded the wagon, and then -took: off.
his coat and unhitched his silver horse from the
wagon and rode him off, leaving the gold nag
whinnying for his mate. As a result there are two
Democracies. The effort to v hitch up in harmony
began in New York, and theVe it ended. -The Bryan
Democrats have come out utterly and set up for
themselves, and their missionaries are out promoting
the movement in the Middle and Western States.
EVER since 1900 the divided Democrats have
been trying to get together. The two wings
were exactly like t\yo balky horses pulling or
refusing to pull the same load. When one wants to
go the other doesn't, and so they wear out the
whiff] e-trees, one by backing, when the other goes
ahead. However,- since the high; harmony dinner of
the Manhattan Club the two nags' seemed to be" so
far in accord as both to balk at once. This was such
an improvement that hope ran high. Both crowds
stood neck and neck, '^neither pulling a pound, but
standing still at the same time. The like of it had
not been seen since 1892, when they were both pull
ing together. This was the first time they had agreed
upon anything, and, "iilthough it was an agreement to
balk in harmony, it was something.
TWO 'DEMOCRACIES.
SOME OF THE ACTIVE WORKERS
ATTENDING THE SUNDAY
SCHOOL. CONVENTION.
Rev. F. H. Maar. Redwood City; Rev. "W. C.
Sherman, Sacramento. Class of 1903 — C. M.
Campbell. Sacramento; Rev. J. J. Morgan.
Woodland: Rev. T. S. Young. Saa Jose; Jerome
Ik Van Derwerker. Alameda. Class of 1904 —
Rev. E. Nelander, San Francisco; G. A. Capen,
Sacramento; Rev. C. "W. Jopson. Los Gates.
Honorary member — Rev. W. S. Hoskinson,
Sacramento.
International convention officers — Vice presi
dent, C. M. Campbell, Sacramento; member ex
ecutive committee. H. Morton,- San Jose; mem
, ber primary department, Mrs. I*. A. Maxwell,
Napa.
Chairmen of Commlttees- : -Conductors, Mor
ris Marcus; entertainment. Donald Mackenzie;
reception. Dr. Sara E. "Wise; press. Dr. J. N.
Beard; ushers. George Littlefleld; hall. C. B.
Perkins; finance. Rev. G. B. Beatty; badges.
Miss Sadie Philips; registration, C. H. J. Tru
man.
MANY EARNEST WORKERS.
Among the prominent leaders in • the
convention are the following named:
. I. N. HaUlday.- Oakland, salaried superin
tendent of Firat Congregational Church of Saa
Francisco; Miss Sadie ; Eastwood. - San Jo*e.
secretary Santa. Clara County Sunday-school
Association, the banner county; A. D. Camp
bell, president Santa Clara County Association;
Z. T. Spencer, Suisun, secretary Solano County
Association; Rev. J. E. Squires. Colusa. sec
retary Colusa County Association; C. M. Camp
bell, Sacr-.mento; S. W. Mack. . Gonzales, sec
retary Monterey . County Association :' Rev. Levl
Gregory, San Jose; Mrs. George Miller. Kresno;
W. A. Maxwell, Kelseyvllle. secretary La'.:e
County Association; MIs3' F.~E<3ythe "Wall, An
tloch, secretary Contra Costa County Associa
tion; Miss Clara Hooker. Santa Rosa, secre
tary Sonoma County Association.
Charles D. Meigs of Indianapolis, who 13
popularly, known as the "Indiana Cy
clone," will be the principal speaker at
this morning's session, which will be held
In the lecture-room of the church, com
mencing at 8:43 o'clock.
r? Going to Thunder Mountain ??
The. Northern Pacific ' Railway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. Krow Lewlston
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie* from which points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc. address ,T. K. STATELSR,
G. A.. 647 Market st. S. F.- .
The savins of a few cents on a bottla of Va
nilla Extract will not atone for annoyancs o£
having: dessert "just a little off" In flavor.
Always buy Burnett's, the standard quality.
Men shaved without soap, 15c. at Russ Hotut
Antiseptic Barber Shop, 217 Montgomery. * '_'
S UNDAY-SCHOOL WORKERS MEET
IN THEIR ANNUAL CONVENTION
up, the good citizens;- : If '.-they, are to be' registered it
hiust be upon theif^own? initiative.; i It ; will/be , well,
therefore, for "earnest • and" ' public-spirited • men to
urge the indifferent to give attention to the matters
at once. ;-In, a "short tim'eUhe^ summer holidays ; will
be at hand, ;and then Hundreds of citizens will go out
"of town • and forget; all about -politics and return to
find the registration office closed and their franchise
forfeited. It is best to' register at once. ; ¦
THE SAN FBAKCISGO CALI^ WED^ 30, 1902.
S"' UPERINTENDENTS -and teachers
'of. Sunday-schools from all over the
'State meti last night at the First :
.Congregational Church in their thir- ;
'- ty-fifth annual convention. Rev. .W.
M. White of ; this city, president of the
California State r Sunriay-schooi ¦ Associa
tion, presided. The exercises were opened
by a brief invocation by Rev.'F. B. Cher-*
•'.,- Nominations— Rev. . Philo Phelps, Salinas;
Rev. CM. Hill, Oakland; L. J. Norton, Napa;
Rev. '•. W. > v C. Sherman, Sacramento; Al V.
Campbell, Ban. Jose;. H. Ii. Buchell, Gilroy; C.
M/ Buck, Hay wards; Professor S. Sturgess,
San Francisco.'
' Future work— C. M. Campbell, Sacramento;
Miss F. Edythe Wall. Antioch; ¦ T. H. Brady,
Berkeley; V.V-E.. Ward. San Jose:, Rev. E. J.
Harper, ¦.. San Francisco; Mrs. C. A. Harp,
6
nddretie* br notifrins The Call Bnslnesa Ofllce.
Thf s paper vrill also l>e on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented 'oy a. local agent in
fill towns on the coast.
Call rnbserlbers contemplating n change of
residence daring the *ammer months can hare
their paper forwarded bj- mall to their i»ew
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIXG TOWM FOR. THE SUMMER
Tivoll — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "Slaves of the Orient.*"
Alcazar — "The Lash of the Whip."
Cclumtfta — "When We Were Twenty-one."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Old Lavender."
Fischer's Theater— "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California— "The Starbucks."
New Chutes — Opening Thursday, May 1.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AJttUSEMKKTS.
B.KATSCHINSKi I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. lj
10 THIRD STREET^AM FRANCISCO. |
White Canvas J
Oxfords. h
May Day marks the beginning of I
summer and from now on we can 11
.expect warm sunny days, and to 1]
be in , the fashion we must 'wear £
- summer stvles " of - clothing ' and f
footwear. White .canvas oxfords II
: always feel comfortable I and look [j
right smart. They have a rich ap- If
pearance and match any kind of if
dress. This week a special— Ladles' H "
white canvas oxford ties, with coin H ¦
toes and kid tips, hand-turned soles I]
and French heels. PRICE RE- I
'DUCED TO 95 CENTS. Sizes ZU> II
to 8: widths AA to E-. "* J.|
I LADIES' TAN > OXFORDS.
y- If you like - tans, '. why not- wear I
m, stylish ones? Here is an up-*o- 1
H date fashion. Ladies' tan vici kid I
B , oxford . ties. . with brown ribbed |
a cloth tops, coin toes and. tips, kid I
H front stay and band, turned soles I
B and -French heel3. .THE PRICE I
g ONLY i $1.95. Sizes 2% : to 7; widths \
9 COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. ¦
M :.-,New Illustrated catalogue just H
d out. Send for one. "- *j
I B. KATSGHINSKF, I
H PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO' h
i IO THIRD STREET. * W
w San Francisco.- ' ljCharles' J. Waterhou'seV Is i suing ;'j.iM.'
Armstrong and T. R/Dawe, securities for
G. C. Watson., a . contractor, "- for $400,? al
leging that Watson " failed ' to carry out
the terms of contract: to alter and rnakc
additions: to • the 'Branch County.-' Jail > of
Santa- Barbara ¦County.'.-.*'':" " =
Alleged Breach 1 of Contract
Those who were unable to receive atten
tion yesterday, the sale ; of ; ladles' and
men's 7 fine v- shoes, 'including '"Sorosls,"
Douglas and ; other popular- makes,-, will
continue ior two more days only, for ?1 85'
worth from: $3 50 to $5 a pair., 324 Kearny.*
For the Benefit of All
; G. F.. Ochs, a Jeweler at. 702 Guerrero
street, '.reported to the police : yesterday
that his. store -was entered Jast Thursday
morning and gold and silver watches op
era glasses and other articles to the value
of about $100 stolen. : Entrance. had been
effected by prying open a window in the
'rear. ¦ . . : ' - • •.¦-- ¦ •¦ . ¦¦••*.- ¦ .-
Bobbed a Jewelry Store.
-tander. in the - Merchants' - Exchange
building, or at the office of the executive
committee at 6 . California street. ... V
Within "a few days -the California Pro
motion Committee expect ', to ¦ publish the
names of all their subscribers. Those who
have no subscription cards can get them
at>the office of the secretary, T. C. Fried-
Subscriptions Nearly All V In.
Whether - convalescing , or whether in a
weakened condition from any cause will
find great relief and speedy restoration to
healthy conditions in the Tonic influences
following the regular use of Malt-Nutrine.
With 14.60 per cent of nutritive : extract
and but 2 per cent of alcohol, there Is no
other tonic so practical or palatable: All
druggists have it. Made by. Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass'n,' St. "Louis, U. S. A.«
Women Needing Strength,
Librarian George T. Clark of the Pub
lic Library yesterday placed 1500 volumes
on the shelves of the branch, library on
Noe street", near Seventeenth. The library,
which is now open to the: public, will be
in charge of .Miss Mary Carson, .who will
have as hei' assistant Mrs. H, L. : McDou
gall.-'--, '-.. , .; . , -.../¦' \-i\-j ¦;
Eureka Valley Has Its Library.
'The following named compose the com
mittee in charge of the monster Pythian
excursion to and reunion and picnic at
Los Gatos to-morrow:
C.W. Nevln, J. W. C. Beattie, Charles
Milly, James Healing, Gus, Pohlmann, R.
F. Lange, M. A. Samuels, l A. K. : Lucas
and F. A. Brooks. j ¦ v :
The indications from reports of tho
lodges in this city, Alameda, San Mateo,
Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Marin, Contra
Costa and San Joaquin counties are that
there will be about 4000 people on the
grounds. There will be several companies
of the uniform rank that will enter/the
contest for prizes, and in addition to the
games and races that have been arrange!
for there . will be a floral fiesta. Grand
Chancellor L. S. Calkins is coming from
Nevada City to take part in the festiv
ities: A special train will leave Oakland
at 9 -in the morning, to carry those who
may'wlshto start from the east side of
the bay.;. ¦ . .. , • •
Pythian Picnic Committee.
A trip designed to open the eyes of Cali
fomlans as well as of Eastern visitors
has been arranged for Saturday and Sun
day, May 3 and . 4. A special Pullman
train, with dining car attached, will leave
here Saturday morning at 9 ; o 1 clock,
reaching Penryn at 1 p.. m. Champion
ship tennis matches will be 7 , played^ on
Saturday afternoon, and carnages wlll.be
provided, without cost; for drives through
the orange groves. The ¦ visitors will be
entertained at the LpomlSs- Club House.
The cost for this, delightful. trip. is only
$10. which Includes all expenses except
meals on the train. ' ,\,
Orange Trees in Full Bloom.
BLOSSOM FESTIVAL AT PENBYN.
Business Men's Excursion.
A epeclal train under the direction of a Joint
committee of the commercial bodies of 'San
Francisco, carrying business men only, will
leave Market-st. Ferry at 8:30 p. m.. May a
via the Santa Fe. Rate of one fare for the
round trip has been made and parties desiring
to join this party should make arrangements
at once. The train will go via the Santa Fe and
return via the S. P., thus touching all Impor
tant points in the San Joaquin Valley. Itiner
ary and other information at Santa Fe Ticket
Office. 611 Market st.
He Was Convicted of Grand Larceny
for Bobbing Mrs. Ellen J.
Foote. , . V
Thomas Galvin, the bartender who was
tried for robbery and convicted of grand
larceny by a jury, in Judge Cook's court
appeared for sentence yesterday. The
Judge sentenced him to the extreme penr
alty, ten years in San Quentin, remark
ing that the jury by its verdict. had ex
tended to him all the leniency possible.
Anita Clark, | who pleaded guilty to rob
bery, will come up for sentence May. 3.
Galvin and the Clark woman robbed
Mrs. Ellen J. Foote in her rooms at the
Elysium, 566 Geary street, on' December
29 of 1400 and during the struggle with
them Mrs. Foote's jaws were broken. At
his trial Galvin testified and was later in
dicted by the Grand Jury for perjury. He
has to stand his trial yet on that charge.
Photographic Supplies.
We have just received a large stock of
-the new "Century" cameras. Come and
see them. Catalogues free of charge.
Films, plates, paper, printing and devel
oping. The best of everything and the
lowest prices in the city.. Sanborn, Vail
oc Co., 741 Market st. - - •
Illegally Practices Medicine.
Pierre Bernard, a teacher of hypnotism
at 1335 Golden Gate avenue, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Detectives Dillon
and Crockett and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of practicing medicine
without a license.
Judge Graham rendered Judgment in
favor of the defendants yesterday in a
suit on a promissory note brought by R.
A. Edwards against John T. Davis and
H. F. Williams. The plaintiff failed to
appear. The note, which Vas for $300,
was held originally by H. Lorraine, who
assigned it to Edwards, who was a
stenographer in the employ of the Board
of Public Works under the name of R. F.
Elllston. His failure to appear yester
day to prosecute the suit led to an in
vestigation, which developed the fact
that Edwards or Elllston had not been
seen since March 17. Secretary J. Leo
Park said he received a note from Ed
wards or Ellison, as he was known in tha
office, stating that he would leave for the
East in a few days to visit his brother,
whom he said was very ilL That was the
last heard of the stenographer.
Works Has Not Been Seen
Since March. 17.
Employe of the Board of Public
GAXVIN SENTENCED TO
TEN YEABS IN PRISON
BTENOGRAPHEB, EDWABDS
DISAPPEABS 1OTSTEBI0USLY
The Oregon Short Line will be repre
sented by Vice President and General
Manager W. H. Bancroft/ D. E. Burlev
general, passenger and ticket ¦• agent, arid
Thomas Schumacher, freight traffic man
ager, all of Salt Lake, and A. L Craig
general passenger and ticket agent with
headquarters at Portland. Or. They will
all arrive here. at 11:30 to-morrow morn
ing in their private cars. "'/ -
OTTICIALS TO ATTEND BANQUET
Harriman's Dinner to His Employes
' . Promises to Be Notable.
Great preparations are being made for
the banquet that President Harriman
will give to his employes to-morrow even
ing; President Horace ,G. Burt of /the
Union Pacific is coming to attend the
dinner, as are 'also E. Dickinson, general
managers. J. B. Berry; chief engineer;
Judge AV. R. Kelly, general solicitor; E.
L.-' Lomax. general passenger and ticket
agent, and J. A. Munroe; freight traffic
manager of : the Union Pacific, all of
whom reside at Omaha. . . ¦ •
G. Almazla. William Alvord, Charles R.
Allen, J. H. Ames. Edson F. Adams, Thomas
Addi*on, , A. Arorson. Richard Altschul,
Charles L. Ackerman. C. L. Behr, R. I. Bent
ley, C. H. Bentley, John BermlnshamV E. E.
Bergln. Robert Balfour, Courtney Walter Ben
nett. H. M. Brittan, Thomas B. Bishop, 0.
II. Brennan. John Breuner, Frank H. Buck
M. U. Bates.- H. Bird, W. E. Boyer. Dr. G. S*
Backman, K. N. Belgrado, J. S. Bunnell, K
S. Benedict. John F. Bleelow, Major W. ' H
Baldwin, W. H. Boyteaux, A. C. Bates. P. S
Bullock, Leon Blum. Everett X. Bee, J. Dal
zell Brown. C. H. Crocker. W. Cerkel, H. M.
Cochran, Andrew Carrigan, George W. Ca&
well, George D. Cooper, W. M. Castle. Wll
liara H. Crocker. R. 1 A. Crothers, E. S. Clp
rlco, K. F. Connor, Dr. P. de Vecchi, Wllllan:
A. Doble, Clinton Day. R. D. Davis, E. G.
Dennlston, W. H. Daily, W. J. Dutton, S. U.
Darbcie, Kdward E. Drake, James Denman,
Dudley Evans, Jacob Epplnger, W. P. Elch
baum, A. A. Foster, John F. Fugazl, M. J.
Fontana, William Fries, Herbert Flelshhacker,
A. Fodera, Nathan EL Frank, A. C. Fteese,
S. L. Goldstein, Jacob Goldberg, Harry M.
Goldbersr, Sol B. Goldberg, H. M. Gorham, D.
J. GugKenhime, Wellington Gregg Jr., F. C.
Gibbons, B. S. Hubbard, A. J. Hechtman,
George H. Illgbee, Charles W. Howard. Wil
liam Hanson; Charles F. Healy, James Hogg,
Henry Hlckman, Mr. Holladay, David Hewes,
Arthur Hill. George H. Isman. F. C. Immel,
Rufus P. Jennings, C. R. Johnson, Byron
Jackson, H. S. Jerome. Frank Jaynes, Homer
S. Kin«r. John M. Keith, Ray Thurston Kim
ball, F. J. Koster, George A. Knight,
John Klrkpatrick, H. D. Loveland. ¦ G. P.
Lauinger. Robert Bruce, D.' H. Law, J.
K. Lynch, -Herbert E. Law, F. F. Lyden.
P. N. Lillenthal. C. S. Laumeister. H. T.
Lacey, A. Mack, J. J. Mack. Byron Mauzy,
C. A. Malm. William Malm, P. McG. McBean,
Irving M. Mpulton. Percy T. Morgan. Fremont
Morse, James McNab, J. K. P Moflltt, T. D.
Marsh. Emlllo Martlnoni. T. Mlklmoto. ! J. P.
Morgan. John Martin. M. Meyerfleld Jr., M.
Hall McAllister, E. W. Newhail, Allen Pol
lack. E. S. PUlsbury, Charles W. Pike, W. P.
Plummer. Horace G. Platt; - Prince . Andre Po
nlatowskl, C. E. Parcells, E. E. Potter, J. M.
Petttgrew,- George A. Pope. J. W. Quick, R. E.
Queen, P. C. Rossi,' David -Rich, A.' J. Rich,
Henry Rosenfeld. Louis : Rosenfeld, John W.
Richards, C. F. Runycn, Merrltt Reid,; Charles
Sutro, Moses Samuel. Alfred E. Sbarboro, Ro
molo A. Sbarboro, Dr. H.S. Sartori, George
W. Scott; Dr. James H. Seymour.. M. . Schweit
zer, J. C.'Sala. Charles Sonntag. Morgan Shep
ard, H. C. Somers. J. T. Scott, James B. Smith,
A. G. Towne., Copeland Townsend, . Charles D.
Taylor, James Tyson. I. J. Truman. E. K.
Taylor, I. W. Taber. F. L. Turpln, Otto F. von
Rheln, W. Esters von Krakau. A. H. Vail,
Frank A. Vail, W. M. Well, James K. Wil
pon, A. , B. Williamson, Charles A. Warren, 1
Fred Woerner, M. L. Washburn, A. W. Wilson
W. R. Wheeler. T. S. Williams, Alden Ander^
son, George W. McNear, Jr. • - **£.
The full list of others who have been
honored by invitations to the banquet
and who have signified their intention to
attend follows: , • • .-- . •
LIST OF INVITED GUESTS.
Harriman has already shown a^ tend
ency to consider the interests' of the peo
ple of California in the short period dur-.
ing which he has controlled the affairs of
the Southern Pacific. It is hoped that
this' event will tend to cement and
strengthen the good feeling which has
risen on both - sides. The banquet will
take place in the American dining-room,
which will be decorated very elaborately.
George A. Newhail, president of the
Chamber of Commerce, will act as toast
master. On Newhall's right President
Harriman will sit and on his left Mayor
Schmitz. The two most important toasts
of the evening will be responded to by
Harriman as president of the Southern
Pacific and by Gavin AIcNab as the rep
resentative of the commercial Interests of
the State. Other toasts will be respond
ed to by President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University, Benjamin ! Ide
Wheeler of the University of California,
Julius Kruttschnitt, George W. McNear.
Andrea Sbarboro. Frank J. Symmes, Wil
liam Sproule. William A. Bissell and Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes.
On Mr. Newhall's right and left, in
what are the seats of especial honor, the
following named gentlemen, aside from
those already mentioned, have been ac
corded places by the committee in charge
of arrangemepts: T. C. Frledlander, J.
A. Pilcher, E. Scott, Frank Dillingham.
N. T. Smith, E. O. McCormick, W. F.
Herrin, J C. Stubbs, H. E. Huntington,
Captain A. H. Payson, A. W. Foster,
Claus Spreckels, Hermann Oelrichs, Red-
Cross." J- Stanley Brown. Colonfil
Baldwin, William Hood. Eugene E. Good
win, Charles E. Bancroft and L.. M. King.
man as president of the Southern Pacific
can exercise enormous power toward tho
development of the West. It is felt that
the railroad has not always acted bene
ficially for this section of the country.
Since the . beginning of the new regime
the representatives of development and
commerce have been very desirous of in
augurating an era of good feeling with
transportation ; interests. • Harnman's
visit to this city seems the accepted time.
Accordingly the feast of honor has been
arranged that the great, railroad man
may hecome acquainted with and' appre
ciate the feelings of the prominent men
of this State.. ,
newhail; as , toastmastek.
. Tho banquet .theoretically represents , the
good feeling § of ; the commercial men
toward the famous railroad king. Lead
ers in the professions, capitalists, public
officials, the- presidents of the State's
great universities, and in short most of
the greatest and most representative men
of California will be present. In scanning
the list of guests, about three hundred- in
number, the absence of the name of the
State's chief executive is conspicuous. 63
The commercial men realize that Harri-
The commercial men of San Francisco
have completed all arrangements for the
grand banquet they , are to tender to
President B. H. Harrimsrh of the South
ern Pacific at the Palace Hotel to-night.
California's prominent j men in' all of the
more important .walks of life have been
invited to the feast, which it is hoped
will mark the beginning of a new era in
the commercial ; prosperity of the ; State.
Preparations; for the , affair . have \ been
made in the ..most elaborate manner
throughout. 1 ¦-. ;
Doubtless your honorable body is familiar
with the principles of law governing the cases
here in question as well as with the . position
of the municipality in relation thereto. Your
statement that the recommendation you make
is a compromise one does not, for that reason,
entitle it to any other than an • impartial and
respectful consideration, nor warrant any other
determination than that which existing con
ditions lend lecal support to. since It Is the
purpose of this board to perform its official
duties regardless of any proposition Involving
a limitation to the performance of such duties.
If there be any lesal -obligation on the part
of the municipality to>remove fences which are
now maintained on portions of the streets in
the said district, notwithstanding the unim
proved and naturally rugged surfaces of such
streets which render them unsafe for vehicular
travel ' and such obllcatlon is declared by a
court of competent Jurisdiction, then this board
will willlncly obey Its mandate and cause the
removal of such fences. . .
As to the opening . ol Thirty-fourth and
Thirty-flfth - avenues. ; between K street and
Railroad avenue, this board deems that - th«
removal or the fences; on the easterly line of
K, street.' where said avenues Intersect it, to
be at the present time inadvisable, since .they
serve as barriers to protect the ...traveling pub
lic from the dangerous chasm which - extends
through the roadways of K ' street and ' said
avenues at said intersections. . : Instead of re
moving said fences --now ¦ serving as barriers
this board, as the result of an investigation
by Commissioner Casey 'and upon his' recom
mendation in the premises.) regards it essential
to the protection of . vehicular ( travel j to have
erected and maintained fences on the westerly
line of said K. street, where.it intersects said
avenues,' until' such time as said ' street and
avenues are graded and- otherwise improved
at the expense of owners of the property liable
therefor, as provided I in the . charter, or until
bridges are constructed | by such owners "of a
good and substantial . character and approved
by this board. Meanwhile, for the accommoda
tion of persons on foot, turnstiles will be built
and maintained at suitable locations, provided,
however, that substantial foot bridges with
proper euards be constructed across the said
chasm In K street by property owners.
¦ In reply this board begs to inform your
honorable body that : It will, at the earlkst
practicable date have a survey made of the
block. in which the South End School is. located
and ; of the streets surrounding the said S block,
and from which survey it -will be enabled' to
nx the official lines of the said streets. -When
these lines are definitely determined this board
can intelligently and .effectively proceed to
cause ' the said streets to be opened to the
official widths thereof and. thereby preclude the
probability of future controversies relative to
the extent of encroachments thereon.; . .
The Board of Public Works senfa'caus-'
tic reply yesterday .to the Grand Jury,
which had previously [requested- that" the
evils existing in the'' University Mound
and - Bay '< View districts . be remedied ; by
opening 'Thirty-fourth andi Thirty-fifth
avenues; between K and Railroad, and the
streets bounding the block in which the
South End School is 'located. The com
munication says: ...
Says Fences Serve as Frptec
tion to the Traveling
'Public.
Feast Is Aimed • to Promote
a Feeling of Mutual
Friendship.
Men Will Honor !
Harriman.
State's Leading Business
Refuses to -Open Streets
in tlfe' Bay View-
BANQUET PLANS
ARE COMPLETED
BOARD REPLIES
TO GRAND JURY
THE SAN FBANGISCOK GM^I/, WEDNESDAY, 30, 1902;
7
_ BAELWAY^ TRAVEL.'
CALIfORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COl
LESSEES
SAN TRaNCISCO ANJ N8HTI PAW
r. n All* WAV CO3IPAXY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot ol Market St.
SAN FRAXCISCO TO SAX BAFAUL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:20, 5:10, ti:30 p. ra. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :C0 p. m. . Saturdays — Extra trips at
' 1:50 and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. «;2O p. m.. ¦ i '
SAN RAFAKL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 6:10, 7:50, .9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
, 12:45.' 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
-trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. - • • -'
SUNDAYS— S:10.. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05, U:2S cm. ;
Leave I In Effect I .Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 2S. 1901) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I . I Sun- r Week
" Days. [ days. \ Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:G0am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am !
8:30pm 0:30am Fetalurna, 6:05pm 10:25am ]
'5:10pm 5:C0pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
. Fulton.'
7:30am Windsor. ' 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton. t
Geyserville.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am| and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 :30am ~ -¦• - . 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm • l 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
- . ¦ and
' 5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30a ml 8 :00am I T~ |10:40am|10 :25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. ¦ | 7:35pm[ 6:20pm
I Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for.'AltrurU: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at '. Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, . Witter !
Springs. Upper Laks, Porno, Potter - Valley.
John. Day'*. Riverside. Llerley's. 'Bucknell's. i
Sanhedrln Helghis. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendocino City. Fort Eragrgr. Westport Usal
Willlti, ~Laytonv1Ue.r Cummins," Bell's Spring*
Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
. '¦ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced- rates . .'¦-'
On - Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket off ce, C50 Market street. Chronicle
building. .
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
'-Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
—~" ! I Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally i
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 0:00 a ?-00p 4:20?
Ar. Stockton. 10:lSa 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:lSp>
¦.-': Mrrced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.:. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford. .1:12p 3:27p 8:05 a . ..'..i.-j
•• Vlsa.la.. 3:39 p(. .. 5:00a ....:.
•• Bakersfid 6:l5p 5:20p 7:45a.......
•• Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30a
-'"Chicago.. ......: 2:15p 9:00 p .......
a for morning, p for afternoon.
• ¦¦-.: 9:00, a.* m/- train is the California Llm-~
lted. carrying r Palace Sleeping > Cars and
Dining Cars through' to Chicago. | Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for i accommodation ' of
local flrst-class passengers. No i second-
E class tickets are honored on this train: Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
",4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
' local.' Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
: p m. dally. " - - ' -
¦ 8 p. m.- Is tha Overland Express, with
. through Palace and Tourist Sleepers . and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
"Palace Sleeper,' which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at, 6:00 p. m.
¦¦¦.;¦ • •¦¦¦¦ •-'- '¦• - ¦'- -¦•-.-'_;--•
v. 7:20 a. m.' Is Bakersfleld Local, stopplny
at alt points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
- responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.'
Offices — 641- Market street and in Ferry
.Depot,- San Francisco; \ 1112 Broadway,
¦ Oakland. i.___^ii__2_' . ' '
ilOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- Leave Via Sau3alito r'erry , | Arrive :
A San, Fran.', .- Foot of Market St. : -San Fran.
W« k Sim- rn.»a5 f .i..W^.^ fun- Week
9:30a. 8:00 a. ntlTmlat i nM , tla> 12:15 p. 9.13a.
5 ;S?: i^A A : Z&l: &£
::::::::: i;» £ "Tm« of tuilpki- i$ \\ ;r;;z
' 2:30 p. ;-.*t»M**j**n*M.:-_- 8:15 r. „,......
! SATURDAYS 81LI_1«»« Tmn *X r. >rrin g>. r<utht 11 ; J6 r. . ..
;-. ifaiwt Offlett. en maiuui bt&eit %*i s ausauto tckkt.
, 13 \S TT C O r? C : FOR BARBERS." BAK-
UrlLJ 0 11 H<kJ ers - bootbtaeks. bath-
-*. IT., •".r^.r'/ houses.' billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders. : candy-makers, ¦ canners,
dyers,' flourmills,'; foundries; laundries, paper-
hangers, .printers."- painters, shoe: factories.
; stablemen, tar-roofers," tanners, tailors, etc.
.' :. ;' uuCdA^Air. BROi;
Brush Manufacturers,": 609 SacramsntoSt
IfMWia— watiWfrHrirHa^rniiirrfiJfnsi^ IHiiii hin MiliiMi- iiirniiiiiMi ¦ ii m idiiin '
- BARGAliSJS.' - ; f
: •: As we aro now decorating , pur new' ware-
rooms and hall and must have't&e ropm, • every
piano Is cut to the lowest possible figure.: ,Ov«r
200 on : our floors," of which the following are ¦ a
few., .Rents, ?2; Installments, $ 3,. or your own
terms. • :. ¦¦¦ ¦ , ' ;' ¦'" ."':' /¦¦'¦•-": « >".'
: 1 Bourne .'. . , . .-'¦ 547
1 Weber .....:. .885
. 1 Knabe * 895
: 1 ; Marshall . . V.^ ¦ ; . SI35
3 Smith & Barnes '..;... •ISO" to »24O
', 2 Stelnways' . ..'..'...¦. ..820S and R!;,H5
. 3 Heine;. .'..... ..V.. ...... ...$235 to 1&39O
2 Chlckerings ..... r. :....... .9 105 and »2SO
10 Hallet & Davis. ... ... /. .... . . . . ... . . $103
. Piano Warerooms,' 235-237 Geary St.
• Pill f&rP Desirable location.
1 UlUVW .unsurpassed', cuisine, •
¦ : .-:v r ' : !•¦•;.: u'rife qiu a'l'e d^ser-j.
I- €kt%n ' v{' y)M !.f. an 4 .rnodern:-
;.C111U ; " conveniences are:! the'
• ; -^ v ; . attributes 7? that;, have"
Iff* Jl'li fl made '; these i two ]< ho- i
ill UlIU tels ;¦••;,; popular^ ;wfthl
¦ Tt "j '¦ t " ; tour ' sts^ * n .^ ; travel-;
H A TAlC crsr. J who "visit - San
11U IC15 •Francises- •¦:¦ . ¦ _;;,
AMUSEIIENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY. April 30.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part except reserved.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY JIATINEE
Thursday Jflay Day
MODERN VAUDEVILLE
The Florenz Troupe; The Five Nossss;
Louise Dresser; Jack Norworth;
Milton and Dollie Ivobles; Pony
Ballet; Wilton Brothers; ,Knight
Brothers, and the Biograph.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THIS WEEK THE LAST.
DON'T MISS IT.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
MONDAY. May 5th—
"THE SINGING GIRL."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 75c "t-
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
LAST NIGHT Another Tremendous Audience
Greeted the Popular Author-Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
In Mr. Harrigan's Celebrated Comedy,
OLD LAVENDER.
One of the Best Plays Ever "Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. J 5c, 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week— "THE LEATHER PATCH."
xksgfgm
Belasco & Tball, Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Most Novel of Unique French Farces,
The Lash
of the Whip.
It has convulsed London. Paris and New .York.
PRICES... :J15c, 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c
»C«ct Week — "When the - Heart Was Young."
RACING
t *Ajp?@i!r=&^r* Every Week Day—
*&r Rain or Shine.
hEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLU3
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
I'.ecf s rtart at 2:15 p. m. eharp.
Kerry-boat leaves S*n Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. I. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. zn.. connecting
with trains stopping at the , entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train . reserved for
ladles and their escort* ; no smoking-. Buy your
jerry tickets to Shell Mound. All train* via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, -Oak-
land. .'Also ali trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars af Fourteenth
end Broaoway, Oakland. These electric cars
L'o direct to the track In fifteen minutes. ,
fietumlng— Trains leave' the track at 4:15
and 4:i5 P. ra. and immediately after the last
tace. •*-¦'¦
THOMAS H. -WILLIAMS JR.. President. *.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mjcr.- i
AMUSEMENTS.
ATTENTION!
TO=MOBROW (THURSDAY)
MORNING at 10 O'CIock,
GRAND OPENING OF THE
NEW CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
A Host of New Attractions on the Grounds
and In the Magnificent Theater, j
Seating 4000 People. *.
PERFORMANCES EVERY AFTERNOON and
EVENING.
SPECIAL FEATURE:
Col. Edward Beaupre,
THE FRENCH GIANT.
Absolutely the Larcest Man on Earth. Seven
Feet Ten and One-Half Inches in
¦villa Stockings.
ZOO In CHARGE OF COLONEL DANIEL
BOONE.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c.
Phone for Seata — Park 23.
Powell st./near Market.
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAYS.
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
!?. R 6 GOODWIN
maxine ELLIOTT
In Their Greatest American and London
Success.
WHEN WE
WERE TWENTY-ONE.
PDirCC Evenings.. $2, $1 CO. $]. 75c, 50c, 25c
IA1VLJ Matinees..' $1 50. $1. 75c, 60c, 25c
Next Week— Last Nights of
GOODWIN-ELLIOTT Engagement.*
BEL&&CQ AHoTtzALESjr-j'ffip'
~A t fXfSit £!TV HAM
THE GREATEST HIT IN YEARS.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Most Gorgeous Spectacular Melodrama' Ever
Seen Jn This City. '
SLAVES OF
THE ORIENT
OVER 100 PEOPLE IN THE X
PRODUCTION. THE GREATEST EVER.
. TCew and Up-to-Date Specialties.
Appearance of - the Brilliant Actor, EARLE
BROWNE.
PPIfCC Evenings 10c to 50c
IIUV.LJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "MRS. PARTINGTON."
ANOTHER MAGNIFICENT -TRIUMPH—I
ALL THIS WEEK.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting the Very Latest of Pronounced
State Successes,
"THE STARBUCKS."-
By Opie Read. ~ ~. .
SEATS SELLING.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING *
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
SEATS THURSDAY. "•
| FISCH ER'Stheate*
OTarrell. bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
;.- Telephone) Main 231.
Do SPECIAL
Not MAYDAY
Forget MATINEE
the TOMORROW;
"FIDDLE .DEE DEE"
THE GREATEST OF ALL SUCCESSES.
Reserved 'seats to any part of the theater,
25 centc; .Children, 10 cents to the matineea.:
.' ADVERTISEMENTS.
You cannot judge a Book by its coyer
-nor a shoe by its looks*
The author's name on each is significant!
Ffaish today conceals equally-good leather,
and poor shoddy*
Wear alone tells the difference 1
Shoe-insurance consists in buying respon-
sible Regals, which are sold direct by the Makers,
from their own 45 stores, and by mail
O^ Style book explains.
Sold only £a 45 Regal Stores from New York to Saa Francisco and |
London. Also by mail.
SAN FRANCISCO STORE
S. V. Corner Stockton and Geary Streets.
',. ; .: ,'_ -jC : V ¦"'; ¦'--. '¦: "¦ _V. : '-. : . '.: ADVERTISEMENTS.^ ,
ii s b n nil 9 miD n roc
MAnuUNI WlntLtoo
f\T? A lVfT^UTsT 1 A -
KIT iilTlIjAlUii.
has been organized to control the Marconi system of wireless telegraphy
and all inventions and patents i relating thereto in the United States
of America, and Cuba, Porto'Rico, the Hawaiian Isfands, the
. Philippine Islands, Alaska, the Aleutian Islands,
and all ships ondsr th^> American flag..
vof the $6,650;600 total Capital Stock of
MARCONI WIRELESS TELEGRAPH CO. OF AMERICA
is hereby offered at 65, par value 100. .
The above is the only public issue that will fee made, and shares
will be allotted in the order applications are received, but we re-
serve the rl^ht to allot or reject any subscription In whole or
In part. , .. . : .' ¦
• Of this capital stock $500,000 has been placed in the treasury of
the Gempany for fuiurs requifcmehts.
. \7e of fer the shares at $65 eacb, but reserve the right to advance
the price without notice. ,
¦;.-•"¦ Payments to be niade :
: $J0 per share to accompany application, to be returned if shares
arc not allotted^ ,
$55 per share on allotment, when csrtificates will be issued by the
Morton ¦. Trust Co.
E. ROLLINS MORSE & BRO.,
6 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
43 STATE STREET, BOSTON.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS..
WYLLYS BOS SBTBR BBIT3. H.' H. MoOLUBB,
FREDERIC' H. BETTS, - Of *&« S. S. McOlure Company.
Of Betts, Betts, ShefSeld ;nd Betts, Lawjers. "JOHN 7. McOOOK,
JOHN. W. 6RIQ6S. ®t Alexander & Greea, Lawyers.
: ; Ex Attorney-General of the U. S. G- MAECONI,
SAMUEL INSULL, Inventor of the Marconi System.
-President of the Chicago Edison Company. E. ROLLINS MOESE,
COMMANDER J. D. J. KELLEY, ° ; f B - Rollins Morse & Bro., Bankers.
, Commander U. S. Navy. CYRU3 SWAN SEDGWIOK,
EUGENE H. LEWIS, ,' .. ( Treasurer of the Hall Signal Company.
,. ; Of Eaton* Lewis, Lawyers. L07AL L. SMITH.
. . . SPENCER TRASK, Cf Specoer Trask & Co., Bankers. -.
RAILWAY TBAVIX.
Don't Hesitate
to go east with one of tha -.-
Burlington Overland Excur-
sions because you think tho
"passengers won't be nice."
They will be. \
Objectionable people can
not secure berths in our
cars AT ANY PRICE.
Travelers are gradually
finding this out — to their
advantage and ours.
From San Francisco threa
times a week — Omaha. Chi-
cago, Kansas City. St. Louis
and points beyond.
Folder giving full informa-
tion furnished oa request.
j ~^ W. D. SANBORN.
631 Market St.,
1 California.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
~ Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Marfcet Street )
liui — Fkom Apkii. 2ftT 1902. — inm
/ 7.00a Benicla, Suisun, Elmlra and S&cra-
mento . .... ...... w. 6.55?
7.00a Vacavllle, Winters. Rumsey. 7.55j>
7J0a Martinez, Saa Ramon, Vallejo.
Naps. Callstoga. Santa Rosa...... 8-25?
S.OOa D»vU,Woo<lJ»nd, Knlghta Landing,
Marjaviile, OroTllle 7.55P
8.00a Atlantic Expres*-Ogden and Ea»t. 8.25a
9.00a Nile*, Lathrop, Stockton. .......... 7.25?
8.00a Klles. Mendota, Hanford. Ylsalla.
. Porterrlile 4.55»
840a Shasta Expreis — Davis. Williams U
(for Bartlett SprlDgs), Willows,
Red Blaff, Portland. 7-55*
8.30a San Jose, Llvermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle,
MarysTtlle, Cnlco, Red Bluff 4.25P
8.30a OakdaIe,Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25i*
800a ValleJo.. 12.25*
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy. La throp.StocKton.Mereed.
Kajmond,Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25a
' 8.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55i»
ti 0.00a Hay-ward, Klles and Way Station*. tl2-55r
1000a. The Overland Llmltea — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 6.2SF
ti-COr Sacramento River Steamer* tii-QQr
3.00r Benicla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, - Knights Landing,
MarysTille. OroTUle 10.55a
5.30? Hayward, Miles snd Way Stations.. 755?
4-OOr Martin ez,SanKamon,V«i:cjo,Xapa,
Callitoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a -
4.00r Xiles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodi.. 12.25F
4.30r Bayward,Klles,SanJose,Ltvermore 18-55*
4.30r Th« Owl Limited — Fresno, Talare,
Bakeiifleld, Saugus for Santa
Barbara, Lo« Angeles 8.55a
B.OCr PortCoata,Traoy,La:hrop.Stockton 10.25a
6.00p Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.25?
t5.30P SUesLocal 725a
6.00p Hay ward. Xilcs and San Jose , 7.55a
tROOr V.HeJo ;. 11.25a
6-CQy Oriental Mail — Osden. Denver.
Onfaha. St. Louie, Chicago 4-25?
7-OCr San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
I7.00p Vallejo 7-65F
8- 05? Oregon to California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysvlUe, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
t9.10? Hay ward and S lies til -56 a
. COAST LINE Oarrow «»age}.
¦ (foot of Marfcet Street.)
J7.45a Santa Crui Excursion « 18-06* ¦
S.I 5a Sft-Ht, CenterriUe. Saa Jose.
.-. yclton. Boulder Creek. Sasta
Cruz and Way Stations........... 5 SOr
t2>15r Xewark. CenterrlUe. San Jose.
Xew Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations « 10.50a
4.15? Xew»rk. San Jose, Lo«G»to* t8.50A
>4.16p Ban Jose. Los Qato*. Santa Cms... c850a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KRAJJ CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip S)
— 1«:13 9:C0 11:00 a.m. 1X0 3C0 6.15 r.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +«:tx) {3:00
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12-00 2 00 4-00 F.M.
COAST LINE (Broad G»a«ej.
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
H.I 0a aan Jose and Way Stations 8-40a
+7 00a San Jose and Way Sutlons t300*
7.00a Xew Almaden /4.10*
J7.15a Monterey Excursion :3.30r
800a. Coast Lino Limited — San Jose.
Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
8.00a San Joae. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Lnis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations.. 8-36a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
a1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a7-00?
t2.4oP San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San Jose.
Tres I'lnos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Paclflo
Grove t1 045a
3 3Qf Ssn Jose. Del Monte. Paciflc Grove,
Santa Crnz and Way Stations.... 7.307.
t4.15r SanJoseandPrtncipalWayStatlons 5-307
tS-OOi* San Jose. Los Uatos and Principal I
Way Sutlons tSOOA
B-30p San Jose and PrindpalWar Stations 6-30p
8.30p San Jose and Way Station* 7.30?
7.00P New Orleans Express — San Lula ~*MejA
Oblipo, Santa Barbara, Loa An-
geles, Demlngr, El Paso, New 1
¦ -- ¦ Orleans and East 1Q.30a
all .45? San Jnne and Way Stations
A for Morning. • P for Afternoon.
1 8unday excepted. t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. e Monday only.
. * Satarday and /Tuesday and Friday.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
- Via Sansallto Ferry,
Commencing April 1T7, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAE1*
WEEK DATS— «:45. "7:43. 8:45. 9:30, 11:00
a. m. r 12:20, »1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. •6:ti.
i 0:45, 9:45. 11:45 x>. m. 7:45 a. m. doea net
run to Mill Valley. .
. SUNDAYS— 7:00,' 8:00. »9:00, *10:00. 11:00.
11:30 a. m., 12:30. *l:30^ 2:30. »3:45, 5:00, «:00.
7 :3o. 9 :45. 11 :45 d. ¦ m.
- Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40. 8:15. •»:3U.
11:00 a, m.. 12:25. 2:15. M:30. 4:40, 5:30. 8:40.
10:15 v- m. -
SUNDAYS— 6:00; »8:00. 9:30. »ll:00 a\ m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15, *3:30. 4:15. »5:45. 6:45.
7:30. 10:15 p. m. .
Trains marked <*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 8:40. 7:45, 8:25. 9:«.
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10, 5:20, 7:10,
10:15 cm.
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55 ¦ 10:05, 11:10 a. m..
12:15, 1:20, 2:30. 3:45. '5:00. .6:05. 7:15, 10:40
»- m - THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week,. days — Cazadero and way
stations. , ¦ ; - ¦
3:15 p. m. . Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. • ¦ • .-. .< ¦ .
6:15 p. m. -week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales and way stations.
S:0O a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and. way
stations.
¦ 10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦-*"¦",: • .
• Letral Holiday boats and trains win run oa
Sunday time. . ' .
IsW^-r Follow
'4^m the
- \ * M \CLgL
And Trayel via the
WabashLine
They have the finest tourist car serrtca from
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
ROSS . C CLINE. P. C. P. Agt., L«» An-
geles.. Cal.
.C'S. CRANE. O. P. Agt."St. Louis. Mo.
— — mmmm mmmm -¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
612O KEAB5Y ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diaraxes. l^iit Manhood. Debility or
dhpaso wearirijron body and mind and ¦
Skin Disuses. The Doctor cures winn; f
others fall. Try htm. «b«ryc8 low.
<'iirf>cuar»nlffil. Cull or write. ' :
Dr. jr. F. CiIBCO>. Siu Krauciaco. Cal> OMB
ADVEBTISEMENTa \
Neat.single or three-
quarter white enam-
eled iron' bed, only....
.._.:.:.;.......... S2.25-
Your hcme. '.furnished^.
. complete frorn our large
1 < assortment of furniture,
carpets' and draperies
for cash or little amounts
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STRiET,
Opposite Union ' Square.
VIM VIGOR, VITAlilY lor MEN
&2H^mL MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
mSv# have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders cf the
OWW-SiX-Kslfl Mormon Church and their
GsSrar'&nilH '¦ t olldwers. -Positively cure the
i?TSf'I(v*-%Ka worst cases fn old and young
PjJ \$A » tSa arising fiom effects of self-
!sDm abuse, dissipation, excesses or
WWni^m cigarette-smoking. Cure 4 Lo?t
\^K^ar Manhood, Impoter.cy, Lost
•*HlBHr ."¦ Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry /Loss of Semen, • ¦ gmm V'arlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *^ a 3 ,vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are 71^ . immediate. • Im-
part vigor and pote . ** K . *• ncy to every func-
tion. ; Don't get despondant; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped orjrans. Stimulate
the brain apd nerve centers; 50c a bcx; 0 for
$2 50 by. mall. A'written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with U boxes. Circulars free.
Address, BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.,
San FranciKCO, . Cal: GRANT. DRUG CO..: 33
and 40 Third st. . , .
iILJf favorite
ImscRipnaN
% IJI FOR WEAK WOMEW.j ¦
WONG WOO,
IpY CHINESE TEA'AND HERS
lC '¦'/¦¦ SANITARIUM. :
.JKAk " -764-66' Clay St., S. F., Cal.
ymWttWFW A LI ' DISEASES CURED
; *<B^Wla»w!>'' " . by Chinese
herbs, ; over , 3000 varieties being used.'. Hours,
0:30 to 11 a. m..'1-to 3'and'7 to 0 p].'m.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. • f '¦.
' : &MC:A : GOt '
) l^lLESS than ¦ ¦ ; ';';.;¦
i y,'::'3 : days.:.
From ** .
San Francisco at 1O a , m .
CHICAGO, UNi6nV>ACIFI3":
&5NORTH WESTERN LINE
. : Double Drawing-room Sleeping-cara,
Buffet,'., Smoking - and • Library ¦ Cars,
•with barber, f Dining-cars— meals a 1 la i
carte. " Dally Tourist Car Service at <5
p.m., and : personally conducted excur-'
' elons . every .Wednesday, and Friday at
1 8 ¦ a." xn." from " fe an , Francisco. -'¦ Tho best
.of .everything.? ¦ 1 ;.,.:, ; .;¦/ .;:_¦ .. ¦ •;>¦• • -• w
¦¦;.¦; :
: 617 M ARKET ST. ' Gen. Agent Pacific" Coait ';
-Jj-^- Palace Hotel ; - ¦ San Francisco r"..LIVERPOOL.
'< Wheat— Hay. July.
Opening 6 1% 6 »i
Closing t .. .-*. 6 1% C if,
'¦ PARIS.
Wheat— ; April. Sept.-Dec.
Orening 22 20 20 40
Closing ; 22 20 20 40
¦ .Flour — .::';;-;• ¦¦-¦¦: - ¦•¦•. .
Opening ...-2B 85 26 30
Closing ....' 20 85 .26 30
Nezv York Metal Market. —
NEW YORK, April. 29. — The, local and for
eign- markets for tin were lower. -London closed
£1 off. with spot at £128 15s and futures at
£125 23 6d. New York was dull and lower,
with spot at $27 87%@:>8 10. ..
Copper was easier here and lower abroad,
In large. supplies and light idemand. London
closed 5s lower, with spot and futures at £52
2s' 6d. I At New York prices were shaded a lit
tle, with lake at $11 75@11 95; electrolytic and
casting, $11 37%<gll C2%. A sale of 100 -tons
standard for August delivery was made at
Lead remained about steady. and unchanged
at'.$4 12>& here, while London was also un
changed at £11 13s Ud.
Spelter was steady at £18.
The local iron market presented little fea
ture, ruling steady and unchanged. Plgiron
warrants were nominal; No. 1 foundry North
ern, $19@20; No. 2 foundry. Northern. '$18@19-
No. 1 foundry, Southern, $17 50@18; No 1
foundry, soft. $17 50018. • ,
Foreign markets were easier, with Glasgow
closing at 53s lid and Mtddlesboro at 48s 7%d.
rNrtV York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. April 29— The cotton market
opened steady, 2@7 points lower, and closed
steady, net 5010 points lower. .
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO,
CHICAGO, April 29— CATTLE— Receipts.
3000; steady; good to primesteers, $6 i;0ig7 4.0';
poor to medium, $4 75@7 50; stockers and feed
ers, $2 5005 25; cows $1 S0@«; heifers, $2 50®
0; canners. $1 40@2 40; t bulls, $2 50®5 50
calves, $3 50-55;. Texas fed steers, $5 50(g.O 50
HOGS— Receipts to-day,, 18,000; steady to
strong; mixed and butchers. $6 80@7 30- good
to choice heavy, $7 25@7 40; rough heavy.
$6 90@7 15; lleht, $6 75®6'95; bulk of sales,
$H 00@T 20. ¦ . ~ ¦ • - .' .-
SHEEP— Receipts,,' 8000 ;i steady to 10c
higher; lambs, steady: goods to choice^ wethers.
$5 50@0 20; fair to choice mixed, $5 40@5 70;
native lambs, clipped, $4 75@6 60; Western
lambs, $5 25@0 70; Colorado wooled lambs,
$7 10. , ¦ >---''r
ST. JOSEPH. .
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1600; steady to 10c. lower; natives,
$5 25@7 15; cows and heifers, $1 25@6 25:
veals,. $2 75@5 75; stockers and feeders. $2©
5, "5. . • • : . .- . ¦ ¦ ¦•¦•
HOGS — Receipts, 4900; steady to 5c jower;
light and light mixed, $6 95@7 15: medium and
heavy, $7 12%@7 30; pigs, $5 35@ti; bulk,
$7@7 25.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1100; steady to weak;
Western lambs, $6 25@7; . Western sheep,
$5® 6 30.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, April 29.— Very few '. buyers have
traded this week. The strike in the wool mills
In this section does not : tend to improve the
market, and although there Is a tendency ' to
weakness to be * seen -, here and there, ~ ¦ prices
are practically unchanged. i-' Territory wools,
choicest ' staple, are quoted on the scoured
basis as follows: - . ,
¦ Fine, 50@52c;.flne medium, 47@48c, and me
dium, 45c. The ordinary grade of territory is
quoted: -Fine, 48@50c; fine medium, 43@45c,
and medium, 40c
Australian wools are featureless.
Northern Business;
¦ ' ' * - - '¦ t . . ' Y <
SEATTLE. April 29.— Clearines, $456,000;
balances.' $09,062. - ' '•"(. - : > • :
TACOMA, April 29.— Clearings, '' $267,578;
balances, $27.S23. . / . - .... .
PORTLAND. Aorll 29.— Clearings, $423,697;
balances, $94,472. " . ¦ :
.SPOKANE. April 29.— Clearings, $219,920;
balances, $46,614. .
Northern Wheat Market. .
¦¦ . • ¦ " ¦ *'
',r:>,-.;i'-y OREGON. - . : , ,' ;¦¦ : ' ' =
PORTLAND, April ;,' 29.— Wheat ¦ nominal.
Walla .Walla," 65%@C0c;' Blu'estem, 66%c.
4 _ ' _, " WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April v 29.— Wheat' . unchanged.
Bluestem, * C6c: Club, . 6r>c. • ,' ¦¦¦ ':..-
\. Foreign Markets.-,
LONDON, . Arril - 29.— Consols. 94 '7-I6; ,'• sil
ver,- 23%d; '. French \ rentes, ;100f, 57^HiJ cargoes
on patsage,. rather" easier; cargoes NoTY stand
ard .: California, 1 29s •. 9d; " English - country mar
kets,—quiet.- :.: :.'¦,..-• ;,¦ •"..•• :'¦'.-; ,-.,¦• . ¦ ,
¦¦- LIVERPOOL, April 29— Wheat. ; steady ; -No.
lstandard California. -6s 4d@6s 4%d; wheat in
Paris : dull; : flour . In ¦ Paris.-, dull : French coun
try/: markets, .quiet "and .steady; "weather in
England,' ovcrca8t."v4BRn£n'jnsBta4feMHHIHBn|
COTTON— Uplands, 5 ll-32d. '
Business continued quiet on ta« Bond Ex
change and the only fluctuations were aa ad
vance in Alaska Packers to $160 and In Oak
dui? GaS t0 iS2 80 ' Tb * 0U » tock * wer# ver T
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New Tork by Bolton. De RuyteY *
f« 0 ". stock * * 26 M®?! 25: preferred.
$61 62%@C2: 4 per cent bonds. 1; aubscrln
tions. $101 87%@102. . auosenp-
ST0CK, AND~BOND~ EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. April 29—2 9. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
<« qr COUP...111J4112 u qr e (new)139H138%
4s qr reg...HH4111% 3« qr coup..N»2uo
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A "W 5s. 80 — Oc SS Co 6s. 8T 100
Bay CPC 5s.l07%"l07% Omnibus e^ _ X ™
Cal-st 5s 119 — Pac G Im 4s. 97U
S/V 03 ! 8 -^"} 10^ — Pk^CH 6s 107/110
Ed L & P 63.129 — Pk &. OR 6s.U7 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6». — _
Geary-st 5a.. — — Sac EGR 5s.l04%105tf:
H C&S 5%s. — — BF & SJV5a.l2oS —
Do 5s — — Sierra Cal e» 116 —
L Ang R 5s.ll8%119 S P of A «,
L A L Co 6sU03 105 (1909) ... 113t4
Dogtd^s.X- _ (1910) 1142 —
Do gtd 5s.l02%103% S P of C 6s
P — (1905)Sr A.106 108
TX> lem 5».102% — fl906)Sr B.107U _
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (1906) ..7.-110%
Da lcm 5s. — 121% {1912> 119V;i«l
N R of C 6S.112 — S P of c" Vst
SJ? °o f a? fsi^mu IVw^^ - «*
°^ T 1 ? * s ' m 12 * V * 4s2dm!lO3% —
Do 1st c5s. — 116 Do 4s 3dm. — 102V.
Oak W G 5s.l03%104% stkn G&EeT.lOS IoP
WATER BONDS.
Contra Costa 76% 77%, Port Costa.. «3U 69
Marin Co*.. 60 — * Spring «?«
GAS AND ELECTTRIC.
Cent L & P. . 2% 3%iPac Lleht 4iu
Eqt o l co. 3% 3 g Sac c g e <?ln: li % z
Mutual 3% — s V G & E a\ a*il
OGL&H. 62% 63 SPGlCo! W-"
Pac G Im.. 40 40% Stkn G & E 8 —
*,:•• INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.260 * 270 1
BANKS.
Amer B & T.lOft 110 First Nation! — —
Anglo-Cal ..90 90% L P & a 168 170
California ..425 "427 Mer Ex niq) ll% —
Cal Safe Dp.119% - 8 F Natlonuio* -
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 -^ .Hav & Loju». _ . 00
Mu^uaf d | a v- - SeeurItySa^:34O 396
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 182% Market 100 _
G«ary — 60 Presidio .... 35 — '
POWDER.
Giant 79% R0% ,'Vlgorit » 314
SUGAR.
Hana ... 8% 4% Kllauea ftu .
Hawaiian ..33 — . MakaweU ..r 23U 24
Honokaa . . . 10% — Onomea .... 25 —
Hutchlnson . 12 12% Paauhau .:. 1Q-V 12
. MISCELLANEOUS. ,
Alaska Packl60% — Pac A FA.. 2*1'-^.
Cal Fruit AslO2 103 Pac C Borx.165 Z
Cal Wine AslOO?; — Par Paint ia
Oceanic S Co 32 35
Morninr Session.
• . Board —
'50 Alaska Packers* Assn \en a
25 Contra Costa Water .'..... "*' 77 Jv>
5 Giant Powder Con. cash. • : "' rl ™
40 Gtant Powder Con ?» '
35 Oakland Gas .. : *""" r™SU
695 8P G & Electric Co *\ ru\
50 S K Gaslight • *% "*:,.
18 S V Water ...,. "; 9" oA
$2000 Sacramento Elec.Gas & Ry 5s.!*iO5 00
Afternoon Session.
•10 Cal Wine -Assn. 9 10 tm on
15 S F Gas & Etectrtc Co... "43, «vj
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.' I!II 45 37%
Street — * *
$10,000 Oakland Water 5a iru no
$4000 S P Cal 1st Con 5s (stamped)! "m 73
. PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnr Session.
Board —
1000 Apollo ..'. « ft
2000 Occidental of W Va. b 00 £1
500 Sterling . .\.~ '.'.'.'.'.'.', 1371-
Afternoon Session.' •
400 Clalrmont «.
600 Reed Crude ."....;"*"""*"* v
100 Ran Joaquin OU"& Dev .""""'« V-i
100 Sovereign ••...... o «^>
600 Sovereign V
lOOfl'Sterllng . „»
100 Tbirty-Threc ".'. ' >'.'. "'.!M g 00
Continued onTage Elevea.
higher and ranch are firm at the ¦ advance ¦ of
several days ago. There Is no lack of supplies,
however, and . most dealers are carrying large
lines'.
Receipts were 65,100 pounds and 23S tubs of
Butter. 2087 cases of Eggs. 372 cases of East
ern Eggs, 11.150 pounds of California Cheese
and G200 pounds of Eastern Cheese. '
BUTTER — Creamery. 19c and occasionally
20c per pound for fancy, 18@18%c for firsts'
,and 17%c for seconds: dairy. 16@18c; store
Butter, 14O15c per pound.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old. 9@llc; Young
America, SiglOc; Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 16%@17c for fancy and 15@
16c for fair to good; store, 13%@15c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The first Cherries of the season appeared yes
terday from Vacaville. two 3-lb boxes being re
ceived. They were of the red variety and sold
for $1 75 and $2* per box.
Strawberries were in heavy receipt and
showed the effects of the recent rain, most of
the offerings being soft and muddy. Receipts
were 92 chests Longworths, 169 chests and 203
crates Malindas.
Oranges were dull. The high prices nave
checked the local demand and there was little
Inquiry for shipping. Lftrge sizes were espe
cially weak and dealers had to make conces
sions to effect sales. Lemons were neglected
and supplies were excessive. Bananas moved
off well at steady prices. There was no no
ticeable change in the other fruits.
Five cars of Oranges will be auctioned to
day.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworth-s. *7©10 per
chest; Malindas, $3@5 per chest and 75e@$l 50
APPLETS— $2@2 25 per box for extras, W'25
@1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for or
dinary: fancy from Australia. $2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. -$1@175
for standard, $1@2 25 for choice and $2 50®3 '
for fancy: extra fancy, $3 25@3 40: Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1® 2 50; Va
lencias. $2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges. $2@3*.
Tangerines, In quarter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25
@1 SO In half boxes; Lemons. 75cS$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and $2®
2 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit, *1©2 50, Includ
ing seedless; Mexican Limes, $*50@5; Bana
nas. $2 2S@3 per bunch for New Orleans and
$125@2 25 for Hawailans; Pineapples, $384
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
A local trade Journal says of Honey: "After
a thorough canvass of . Southern California, a
well-known honey man reports that about fif
teen carloads remain in the hands of the bee
men. They are holding it for an advance on
the present price of 4. cents. The coming crop
will be unusually large, the recent rains In the
South being of great .
All descriptions remain about the same as
before. The movement In everything Is small
¦but sufficiently continuous to clean up every
thing before the new crop comes in. if it keeps
up. as operators think it will.
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples, &§9c; sun dried, 5c; Peaches, 6%
@8Uc; Pears. 6@9c: Plums, pitted. 5@6c; un
pitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines. 5%@6c for red
and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for black
and 5%<&6c for white. ,
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s, 6%<36%c; 40-50*8. 5©5%c: 50-60" s, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's. 4@4%c; 70-SO's. 3%@3%c; 80
90's, 3®3V t c; go-loo's. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6&
<5'754c; Loose Muscatels, 6Y4C for 4-crown and
5>/4c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c: 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials. $3;
Dehesa. $2 50; .Fancy, ?1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2, 6%@7%c: No. 1 hardshell. 9c: No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c; for papersheli, 9®10c /or
softshell and OaTc for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@
7c for "Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber: water white extracted. 6@
5%c; lisht amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27 %@29c per lb. ,^~
Provisions.
Chicago was steady on moderate receipts of
Hogs and a good cash demand. The market
has been, less unsettled and more - inclined to
steadiness of late.
¦ This market continues dull, with local dealers
still talklns of a further advance in Hams,
Bacon and Lard to bring this market up to the
level of Chicago.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
lie for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c: Califor
nia Hams. 13V,@14c: Mess Beef. $0<@9 50 per
bbl; extra Mess, *10«»10 50: Family. $11011 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15 50<?n6; extra clear, $23;
Mess. $18 50CW19: Dry Salt Pork. $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef.
13%ei4e. :*r lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at'8Uc per lb for
compound and ll%(5 1 12c for pure: half barrels,
pure, 12!4c: lO-lb-tin3,' 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-Ib tins. 12%c - ¦ . ¦ • ¦ • ,
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c: three
half-barrels, lO'^c; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. ,
Hides, -Tallow, Wool and Hops.
While Wool continues dull and featureless
bere, more or less activity In the country is
reported. A Dress dispatch dated Red Bluff.
April 20, says: "The - Northern California
wool market has been very active here during
the week. About 3000 bags of 'wool were sold
and over $300,000 paid to the^wool-growers of
this section. The clip this spring ia a very
fine one. and the prices raneed from 15% c to
16»ic. There never lias been so much rivalry
between buyers* as was witnessed durlns the
week. Much. of the wool was sold before it
was taken from the sheep's back."
There is nothing: new in Hops and quota
tions show no change Whatever. ¦ *>
Hides are quiet and conditions remain as
before, salted stock being in better supply than
dry. - ¦
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ]%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9&9%c; light. 8SSVic-
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8@SV4c for liKht :
Stam-s". e??6%c; Salted Kip, 8®8%c; Salted Veal
0@0%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry HVles. 16c- Culls
1-ic; Dry Kiu. 13e; C*y Calf, lSc; Culls and
Brands. 15c: rTheejjsklns, shearlings, 20@30c
each; short Wool, 35®60o each; medium 650
75c; Ions Wool. 90c<g*l 10 each; Horse Hides
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and SOc for Colts- Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c: dry Central American, 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c;. large and smooth,
SOc: medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb-
No. 2, -!%©5c: grease, 2%©3%c.
WOOL — Spring — Northern free. 14@16c: do,
defective, 13014c; Middle county free, 13@15c:
do, defective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months. 9®
10c; do, 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill, ll@13c;
Nevada, 12@15c per lb.
HOPS— 12@13c for fair and 14@15c for lb
for cood to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations show a few changes, both In live !
and dressed stock. Beef is steady, 'with lighter
receipts. Mutton Is coming In rather more
freely and the market is hardly as stiff as it
lias oeen. The supply of Lambs is compara
tively free compared with 1 the other meats.
Veal is firm. The demand for Hogs, as already
mentioned. Is curtailed by the high prices and
neither the butchers nor the packers are using
any more than they can help at present quo
tations. . ' . - ¦' . . ¦
DRESSED MEAT3. -
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : -
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6%@7c per lb
for Cows. .
. VEAL — Large, ,8@0c; small, 9@10c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@9%c; Ewes, S@S%c
per lb. - . . •
: LAMB — Spring Lambs, 10@llc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
¦ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. following quotations are. for good sound
livestock delivered . at San : Francisco, : less 00
per- cent 'shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers.' 8% ®Oc; Cows and Heifers
7@7V.c: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. '
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes. 3%@4cner
lb (gross weight). • . " 18 '* c . per
LAMBS — Suckling " Lambs, $2 60@2 75 ner
head or 5«5%c per lb llvewelght; yearlings 4K.
®5c per lb. . ¦•¦.,.-•. ' ' 3
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under 631®
6%c; 200 lbs and over, C@6%c; feeders, 6®
6%c; sows. 20 per cent off: boars, 50 per cent
off. and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations. \
" General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; San
Quentin, 5.53c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine." 7}a@Sc. -
/ CANNED-^VEGETABLES— The quotations
for Asparagus are largely nominal, as the as-;
soclatlon has sold out its stock, refuses to con
firm further Orders and has withdrawn its quo
tations. Peas. 2-Ib, standard. 85c- sifted 05?
extra sifted, $1 10; petit* pois, $1 23 Gallon^
Standards.: $3 75; extra sifted. $4 25. Aspara
gus, per case, .2 dozen cans to the case—Mam
moth AVThlte. W8068 75: Large f- White 5?«J
Sg^.^ Green.® 5 l 75^^
CANNED 'FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners '. quote as'- follows, ' In 2*i-lb «tlna-
Apples.?lS5@l' e 55 :ft . Apricots. $1 25#1 Co";
F, e^?'-? el lS w -;, $l ; 4 5 m C5: do." Lemon Cling,
$1 5(t@l 7u: Bartlett Pears. $1 50@l 75- Plums
$1 10@l 00: Nectarines, $1 25@1 50: Muscat
Grapes, SllSgra;. Quinces. $1 30(R!l 55:
Strawberries. *1.50@l. 75; Blackberries. $1 40.™
1 60.' ¦ >--.-"_¦
\ C ,'?. AL ~ We «!i ln $, ton - " * 9 P* r ton : Southfleld
Wellington. $9;- Seattle. $« 50;- Bryant, $6 50-
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta. $S; TValls
enii. $« 50: Cc-optratlve W^allsend. $8 60- Cum
berland, f 12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks:' Penn:
STOCK MARKET.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, April 29. — The movements of
prices -were "confused and irregular all day
and there was evidence of a diminishing specu
lative Interest. The wide movements. in lilgh
prlped stocks- continued a feature-, but the in
fluence of the advances was impaired by some
equally notable relapses In stocks where at
tempts were made to take profits. A case- in
point was that of New York. New Haven and
Hartford, which fell violently 9 points on an
attempt to' market a .email amount of the
stock because of the emphatic disclaimers from
both Pennsylvania and New York Central au
thorities of the rumors of purchase of control.
There was a late rally of several points In the
stock. New York Central and Pennsylvania
also quieted down from their recent activity
and strength. In fact, there was very little
yhow of strength throughout the Eastern rail
road field. The session of the Joint • commit
tee of operators and miners to discuss disputed
points in the anthracite field was a repressive
influence on all coalere. The decrease reported
in Reading surplus earnings for March was
an unfavorable influence. The very heavy de
crease In net earnings of the Southern Railway
for March was certainly not a stimulating In
fluence, although it was accounted for largely
by the notable Increase in operating expenses.
The Western railroads, on the other hand, were
benefited by the crop news and by the weekly
crop bulletin of the weather report, which was
considered very favorable, not only regarding
the condition of winter wheat, but as to the
progress in seeding corn and spring wheat. The
grain-carrying railroads also were helped by
the complete strength of the Northwestern
stocks, which rose 10% and 6*4 respectively.
Rock Island gained an extreme 5%, but 'lost'
over 2 points of It. The strength of the Wa
basb stocks and of the .Wheeling and Lake
Erie stocks was evidently due to the apparent
certainty that the bid of the syndicate repre
senting the Gould interest for the Western
Maryland will be accepted. The industrials
were marked by quite as great irregularity a*
the railroads and changes there were constant
and variable. A further . advance in the for
eign market and a drop in the rate of sterling
at Paris both contributed to narrow the mar
gin mill remaining from the gold export point.
The money market, however, was still undis
turbed.
The bond market maintained a firm tone to
day. Total sales, $-'{,770,000. ¦ v
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last 'call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 82,600 83% 82 83%
Atchison pfd 7,300 99% 98% 99'x
Bait & Ohio 2,300 109 108% 108%
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 100 96 96 95
Canadian Pacific. 1.400 121) 127% 128
Canada Southern.. 2,300 9<J 94 95 VI
Ches & Ohio 3,500 48% »47 47%
Chi & Alton 300 37% 37% • 37%
CM & Alton pfd.. 76
Chi Ind & L 1.800 71% 70 70
Chi Ind & L pfd.. 100 87 87 87%
Chi & E Illinois... 100 167 167 166
Chi & G W 45,000 27 26 27%
Chi & G XV A pfd. , 250 89 88% 89
Chi&GWBpfd.. 700 47% 46% 47%
Chi & Northwest'n 6,200 271 . 271 2G8 1 /.
Chi R I & Pac 2.500 180% 178%. 178 "
Chi -Ter & Tr 200 21% 21- 20%
Chi Ter & Tr pfd. 800 39% 38% 39
C C C & St L. .,.. 900 106% 106 106
Colo So 4,500 32 31% 31%
Colo So 1st pfd 1,000 74% 73% 74
Colo So 2d pfd • 700 45Vi 45 , 4fr%
Dela & Hudson 800 180% 179 179'
Dela L & West..., 100 288 288 L'86
Den & Rio G 700 " 44 43% 43%
Den & Rio G pfd.. 500 92 " 91% ' »l«i
Erie 5,100 39% :t9% 39%
Erie 1st pfd.' .1,800 70%- 70 70%
Erie 2d pfd.... 200 55% R5 55U
Great Nor pfd 300 187% 186 186
Hocking Valley.... 1,100 85% 84% 84%
Hocking >VaIley pfd 100 91% 91% 91%
Illinois Central 20,500 150% 149. 149%
Iowa Central 200 JV> 49% 4914
Iowa Central pfd.. 500 .1(0 89 88V4
K C Squthern 1,100 26% 2« 26%
K C Southern pfd. 900 IV) . 59>i 59%
L Erie & W.. 200 68% 08' C7%
L Erie & W pfd... :.;'. 128
Louis & Nash..... 3.600 129% 128% 128
Manhattan L . 7,700 136% 135% 135%
Met St Ry 1.000 153 • : 152% 152%
Mexican Central... 2,200 29% 28% 28%
Mexican National.. - 800 19% '" 19% 1914
Minn & St Louis.. 700. 114% 114V4 J14»,i
Mo Pacific .... 17.850- 101% 100% 100?i
Mo K & Tex 3.100 26% 2C% 26%
Mo K & Tex pfd.. 2,700 58% 57' 5Rif
N J Central.. 500 195% 194% 192
N Y Central 12,100 102% -161% 161%
Nor & West ..- 2.000 58% 58% ~ 58%
Nor & West pfd... 100 !¥> Jio 89%
Ontario & Western. .5,300 35%. :U»4 twi
Pennsylvania 14.000 153 152%' 152 V» ¦
Reading 32,000 68' <»7 67'i
Reading 1st pfd..., 1.500 S0% 8(! 80
Reading 2d pfd 15,800 73% 73% 72%
St L & S F 200 69% 60%' 69%
St L & S Fist pfd .... .. 84
fet L & S F 2d pfd. 200 , 73% 73'i 73SJ
St L S W 100 28% ,28% ,'29 ¦•
St L S W pfd 100 CO54 GO=4 C0%
£t Paul 65,000 172^, 170% 17l4
St Paul pfd..: .1,400 1I>.{% 1S>2% 193
Southern Pacific.. 7,700 C7"i «7k r.7ti
Southern Ry." 13,500 37' 3*3% aeii
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,200 90% 90 {M
Texas & Pacific... 1,600 43% "* "43%
Tol S L & W. ..... flpo 22% ~>«i- "2V,
Tol S L & W pfd.. *0 -40% -40 40%
Union , Pacific 29,500 105% 104»4 104«
Union Pacific pfd." 1,100 8814 87',i 87'1
Wabash ... . . 10.900 \ 27% 27 ¦• "7U
Wabash pfd 24.100 45% 45 v&- 45%
\V &. Lake Erie .V. 11.500 23% .21% 23%
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twelve hours over the . northern half of
the Pacific Slope. There has been a slight
fall over Southern California. The tempera
ture has risen at all stations in California
except San Francisco, where there has been a
slight fall. At Los Anireles there has been
a rise of 12 decrees in the . past twenty- four
hours.
Rain lias fallen from San Francisco north
ward and conditions continue unfavorable for
settled fair weather.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 30. 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday. . with Hcht showers in
northern and central portions; wanner; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California — Fair and warmer Wed
nesday; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada— Fair and warmer Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un
settled weather Wednesday, possibly light
showers in the early morning; fresh . southwest
wind; warmer. . ' *
ALEXANDER G. McADIB,
Forecast Official.
Temperature, 7 a, m. — 4S.
Retail Meat Prices.
Th" following: retail quotations for meats are
furnished by th«» San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Prctcctivp Association:
l-irTEF— Koast. lOQloc per lb; Tenderloin
Bbeak, ITiSn'tc; Porterhouse Steak. 17%(?20c;
Uoend Steak. 10© 12'..c; Stew Be»f, S@10c;
Cbraod r.ocf. rijIOc.
VKAL — RosFt. 12@15c; Cutlets. 15t?lSc.
Mi;TTON — Koast. 12>^.c: Chops, 12M.@15c;
axtv. K'lOo.
LAMB— Spring. 12%@20c; Roast, 15«flSc;
Cbfps. l.'.@~20r.
l'O RK— Roast. 12%® 15c; Chops, 15c.
The Weather and Crops.
Th« weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
cir<-<*tor of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau. Is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY
The temperature has been slightly below the
normal in *I1 parts of the State during the
week, and light fronts have occurred in some
eoctiens. but conditions have been favorable
for all crops. Light rain fell on Wednesday
and Thursday in nearly all districts, but in
tlie south the precipitation was too light to be
of much benefit.
Grain and hay have made good growth dur
ing- the week, and in the central and northern
districts the prospects for phenomenally heavy
crops wore never better at this season. Re
lM>rt!= froni the southern district* are less fa
vorable, and in tome parts of Southern Cali
f'.-rnia it ie feared the grain crop will be a
failure if. generous rains do not fall very Boon.
Haying is in progress in nearly all sections,
with good results. The first crop of alfalfa Is
being cut in tlie San Joaquin Valley. Hops,
j>otatoes and vegetable* are doing welL Pas
turage is plentiful in all sections..
Deriduous fruits continue thrifty in all parts
cf the State, and Tilth the exception of apri
cots will yield more than average crops: aprl
ctfU are reported heavy in a few places. Fruits
Vifrfr not injured by the frosts, but grapevines
v.' re slightly damaged. Cherries arp ripening
ant! a FliipinPnt to the East has been made
from Vacaville. Citrus fruits and walnuts are
doi» g well.
t-acraracnto Valley. — Cool weather and fre
quent showers during the week have been bene-
Scisl to crops. Grain is making e*4»Hent growth
end is In first-class condition. The yield of
wheat and bailey will probably be much heav
ier thau for several years. Hay is also in good
fjr.ditioti and piotpects are good for a heavy
crop. Hop roots wintered well and are look
lug thrfity. Pasturage is abundant. Deciduous
fruits are advancing rapidly and prospects con
tinue favorable for an unusually heavy yield.
«'hc-rri€E are about two weeks later than last
}«•»! : th«? first ehipment iras tcade from Vaca
ville on the 25th. Orchardists in Solano County
fere thinning out apricots and peaches.
('oast and Bay Sections. — Cool weather with
ligiit frosts followed the rain of last Sunday.
Kain fell ia all sections Wednesday and Thurs
day, greatly beneating crops in the southern
«li£tricts. Grain in San Benito County is look
ing bt- tter than at the last report and prospects
arc pood for more than an average yield in
r.eariy all eectlons. Hay is making good growth
»nd will be a, heavy crop. Pasturage is abun
dant. Hops are in good condition. All varie
ties of deci'Juous fruit trees are heavily laden
and jrivc- premise of an enormous yield. No
damage by frort has occurred during the sea
ton. Grapevines are in excellent condition and
£C\ tricing rapidly. Citrus fruits continue
thriity.
Kan Joaquin Valley. — Nearly normal temper
atures have prevailed during the week. The
showers of last Sunday and Thursday were
very beneficial to ail crops, especially to grain
and hay. These crops are now in excellent
Condition in most places and an unusually
heavy yi<>ld is expected in all except the south
ern districts, where a fair yield may be har
vested if conditions continue favorable. The
firet crop of alfalfa is being cut. Potatoes are
»ip and look thrifty. Light frosts occurred on
the 22d in some eections, causing slight Injury
to srapo vines. . hut not damaging deciduous
fruits. Apricots in Fresno County are as large
as walnuts and a heavy yield is probable. All
deciCuous fruits are in good condition and
racre than tlie average yield is expected.
Southern California. — The weather has been
generally cool .and cloudy during the week, with
lipbt shov.ers ia some sections. " Ught frosts
occurred In portions of Los Angeles County on
the 25th, but no damage has been reported
Grain and hay are in fair condition, but need
ing a good rain. It is reported that the grain
crop In soree sections -will be a failure If rain
docs not come soon, and will be cut for hay
Bean planting will commence soon in Ventura
Cotmty. Walnuts are looking well and eive
l-roinise of a full crop. Apricots are" in fair
condition, but tlie yield will be light. Other
Ir^'doin'gweTL 13 are tnrf ">- *«d. citrus fruits
Eureka Summary.— Farm work progressed
rapidly during the week. Gardening is bact>
wara, but some vegetables are in market.
Fruit is in cood condition and verv promising
.bCndarT lsnwlB * ¦ °^^ and green Sed"?^
Los Angeles Summary.— Showers early in the
week benefited crops, but some sections r>l*d
rain for Ute Brain. Fruit in setting well and
m^ed* 1 " Pr ° VeS favoratle ""* crfps will be
Weather Report.
<"120th Meridian— Pacific Time )
SAN FRANCISCO. April 29—5 D m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
four ¦ 'hourT: "* l ° the Iaet *W;
c. Last This Last -
Stations— 2* hours. Season. SeaVpn.
Eureka. 0.02 4S 31 4-. o,
Red Bluff 0.02 3051
Sacramento O.Oti 17 00 lfl'ai!
Ban Francisco 0.05 17 89 19's =
r^ Eno :, Ofl0 6-76 io!71
Independence O.00 4.29 5 «l
San Louis Obispo... O.O<» 21 '9:1 3o"'i'
Los Angeles O.00 10^56 14'ik
San Diego Q.qq 6 . u loiel
,-, £a JL I \ ranci8CO rt data— Maximum temperature
CI : minimum. 50; mean. 60. «"»"c.
The following maximum and minimum t«m
peratnres were reported from Eastern stations:
Rostfn 70-54 Kansas City. ....74-54
1 lnclnnati .. .-IS-.-M Duluth ... 54-4*
Philadelphia .....70-51 Omaha ... '.. " 7a- 1«
Jacksonville 84-GC Chicago ...... 60-48
Wasblrgton "2-"»t fit. Louis ,72-w
New; Tork 70-00 Salt Lake City. . .(tt-M
CHICAGO. April 29.— Wheat was firm and
higher at the opening.' Liverpool cables did
not show a decided- response to. the break here
yesterday,' receipts wire stHl small and Kan
sas was still sending in; woeful .reports, of her
crop condition. Both the Northwest and South
west contradicted the report that farmers' . de
liveries were more liberal. and said wheat was
as hard to buy from first, -hands as at any
time. Reports from North" Dakota said ponds
covered many of the fields and •• that acreage
would be reduced and that • the ground would
not be in fit condition to plow, by the middle
of May. Rains were copious in ; most of the
Ohio Valley. There was a little spurt\of buy-
Ing at the start, but as yesterday; It was
turned to a selling pressure later and gains
were lost. Bulls, however, continued 'to buy
in the dull market and prices reacted slightly:
July opened %c. higher to unchanged at 75%®
75%c, advanced to 75%(g75%c and closed firm,
ii@%c up, at 75%@75%c. • r . •"': ¦ ''
,-Falr buying by the most prominent null in
terecis supported • corn • to-day. ! Trade, how
ever, was dull. July. closed firm, %@%c up,
at 63%@63%c. * ;, .
Oats received no assistance' ¦- from . corn or
wheat. The recent heavy rains . were deemed
beneficial to- the Southwest and the rains . were
much more liberal than of late. July closed
weak, %c lower.: *
A good demand for lard, especially by pack
ers, and the firm hog and grain: situation.up
held provisions. July pork closed 2%c lower,
lard 2%c higher and ribs a shade up... • ; t .. <
The leading futures ranged as. follows:
Cash quotations were as "follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 71@74V4c: No. 2
red, 83%@84%c: No. 2 oats. 42%@43Uc: No.
2 white. 45®4f>V4c; No. 3 white, 44Vi@45%c;
No/^2 rye, 58%c; fair to choice malting bar
ley. 6S@70c;. No. 1 fla'xseed. $1 07: No. 1 North
western, $1 79; prime timothy seed, $6 50: mess
pork, per barrel, $16 SO@16 85; lard, per 100
pounds, $10(fil0 07%; .'• short-rib 'sides (loose),
JO 40©9 50; dry salted shoulders (boxed), S7 75
(38; short clear sides (boxed), $9 90@10;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, con
tract grade, $S 35.
Articles — | Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. 'barrels ............. 27,000 26.000
Wheat, bushels 40,000 66,000
Corn, bushels .......... :. ...104,000 99,000
Oats, bushels 33R.0OO 23,000
Rye. bushels ..;.....;....:.. 3.000
Barley, bushels ........... 26,000 9,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 17©22c: dairy,
171920c.' Cheese, steady, 12%@13c. Eggs, firm,
15%c. . ¦ .
Local stocks and bonds very dull.
Another decline in Silver. No further change in Exchange.
Wheat quiet and featureless. Wheat freights steady.
Barhry inactive. Oats and Rye dull. Corn weaker again.
Bran and Middlings steady and Hay still weak.
Beans in continued demand for Eastern shipment.
Butter and Cheese very plentiful and zvcak. O
Eggs steady to firm, with better prices for lower grades. -
Large crop of Honey expected. <
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins as previously quoted.
Wool dull here, but active in the country.
Hots inactive at previous prices.
Supplies cf Beef decreasing and of Mutton and Lamb increasing.
Demand for Hogs curtailed by the high prices. «.
Canned Asparagus pretty well cleaned out of association hands.
Lard Oil advanced. Other Oils unchanged.
Cherries appeared in market. Oranges dull. :.:{/ : :
Strawberries in heavy receipt and poor condition.
Potatoes and Onions still firm and Vegetables steady.
Poultry in good supply and lower.
Large shipment of Flour for Nezv Zealand pending.
W & L Erie 2d pfd. 8,500 • SS>i 35
Wisconsin Central. 2,600 27^ 26% 27H
Wisconsin On pfd. 3,200 49% 49 49%
Express Companies — . ¦
Adams • ... , : 205
American ¦.... .... 230.
ITnited States 122
Wells Fargo »....-.' 210
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper". 7,000 66% «5*4 65^
Am Car & Foun.. '5,800 31U 30'*. 31^ s
Am C^ar & F pfd.. 300 91 Vt 91 " 01
Am Linseed Oil... 800 25Ki 25 24%
Am Lin Oil pfd... 100 55 55 54Vj
Amer Loco ....... 30.100 »«% 35% 35?i
Amer Loco pfd 5,400 100U 90»^ 98';,
Am Smelt & Ref. 400 44 43*4 43%
Am Smelt & R pfd. «00 95% 95V4 95Vi
Anaconda Min Co. .... 112
Brooklyn Rap Tins. 11.500 71H 70% 70'i
Colo Fuel & Iron... 4ti, 000 HOVi 109«i" 109
Consolidated Gas .. 8,100 22S 226 227
Con Tobacco pfd.. 1,500 123 Vi 121% 122 '
General Electric .. 100 327 327 32(>is
Hocking Coal .... 400 21 -20^ 21
Inter Paper 300 22 21 % • 21 \<i
Inter Paper pfd... 100 75^ 75*4 75
Inter Power 13,000 199 195 W1V1
Laclede Gas .... .... S9
National Biscuit .. 500 50 49% 49%
National Lead ... 3,300 20l 8 19 20^
National Salt .... .... 20
National Salt pfd.. .... .... .... «59%
North American .. 1,800 132% 131 131
Pacific Mall 200 43 43 42
Pacific Mail 200 43 43 40
People's Gas 1.000 105 104%- 104%
Pressed Steel Car.. 3,200 46>£ 45Vs 45%
Pressed S Car pfd . .... 88
Pullman Pal Car.. 300 250 , 24S, 245
Republic Steel ...- 5,900 19% 19U 19#
Republic Steel pfd. 1.300 75% 75>i 75
Sugar 6,400 125% 124% 124*4
Tenn Coal & Iron. 600 73>4 72 ' 72
Union Bar & P Co. 600 16Vj 16% i 16i&
U R & P'Co pfd. 81%
U S Leather . 6,100 14 13% 13%
U S Leather pfd.. 800 8.'>V4 84% 8l\<,
|U S Rubber 200 17% 17% 17%
JU S Rubber pfd... 800 60% 59% B9
U S fiteelr....... 10,700 42% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd S.400 93% 93% ' 94li
Western Union ... 400 92% 92% 92%
Total sales 896,800'.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. . : .109</ 2 IL & Njuni 4s 102%
U S ref 2s coup. .109 >- | Ilex Cent 4s 84
U S 3s reg 108% Mex Cent 1st inc.34»4
U S 3s coup lOOy-itlinn & St L 4s... 104%
U S new 4s reg. .138 ¦ |M K & T 4s. 100%
U S new 4s coup. 139 UiM K & T 2nds.... 83 U
U S old 4s reg....llUi N Y Cent lsts....lO4
U S old 4s coup.. IH'4 W Y Cent gen 3%slO»
U S 5s reg 105% N J Cent gen 5s. 140
U S 5s coup 107 N T or Pacific 4s 105%
Atchison gen 4s. . 1 03 »i | Nor Pacific 3s 74%
Atchison adj 4s... 94%INor & W con 4s.. 101 » 4
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s... 99%
Bait & Ohio 3V«8. 96% Pt L & I M con 5sll5
Bait & O conv 4s.lO9' St L & S F 4s. .. 99
Can Sou 2nds 109 St L S W lsts. . ..100%
Cent of Ga 5s 112'/. ?t L S W 2nds.. 86%
Cent of Ga 1st inc 87 " S A & A P 4s 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOS!i Sou Pacific 4s '95%
Chi & Alton 3V,s. 84>-. Southern Ry 5s..l22"4
C B & Q new 4s.. 96',- Texas & Pac lsts.120%
C M&St P gen 4s.H0 1' St L & W 4s... 83
C & N W con 7s.. 136V'. Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
C R I & P 4s 112% Union Pac con 45.109%
CCC&St L gen 4s.l04 Wabash lsts. .. ..120%
t'hi Ter 4s S9 Wabash 2nds. . . . .110%
Colo & Sou 4s 9t> Wabash d£b B.. . 77%
D & R G 4s 1O4>4 West Shore ,4s. ..113%
Erie prior lien 4S.100U W & L E 4s;..... 93%
Erie gen 4s 87% Wis Cent 4s. 94%
Ft W & D C lsts. 115V, Con Tob 4s . .. 67%
Hocking Val 4%s.llO "
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20' Little Chief..... 11
Alice 50 Ontario 8 25
Breece r>0 Ophlr ...1 00
Brunswick Con.. 15 .Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel 05% Kotos! 30
Con Cal & Va...l 50 Savage .-,....... 12
Deadwood Terra. 70 Pierra Nevada... 24
Horn Silver 140 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 70 .Standard- 3 40
Leadville Con... 05 j
/ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ; U S Steel 42%
Call loans ...3%@4 I Do pld 93%
Time loans ...4 5ji%:\VeEtinghse com. .113
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchison 4s ....102% Adventure 23
Lias lsts is! Allouez ... 3%
Mexican Cen 4s.. SI % 'Amalgamated ... 65^ 8
N E Gas & Coke. 56% Bingham GO
Railroads— Calumet & Heel a. 540
Atchison ... .... SaU'L'entennial -.'.. ... l'J%
Do pfd ........ 00 % Coppfr Range ... 59 %
Boston & Albany. 263 !Domlnion Coal ...141 .
Boston & Maine. 204% Franklin ........ 11 '
Boston Elevated. .160 lisle Royale '..... 13%
N Y N H & H... 244 Mohawk ... .... 35%
Fitchburg pfd '. . .146% jOsceola ...62
Union Pacific . . .104^ Parrot ¦ •. 24%
Mexican Central.. 29 Quincy .:. ......125
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. 2%
American Sugar. .125% Tamarack 175
Do pfd 119»,i Trimountaln 100
Amer Tel & Tel. 183% Trinity 13%
Dom Iron & Steel. 70% United States 21%
General Electric. .326 Utah ... 22%
Mass Electric 45% Victoria .:. '. 4%
Do pfd 9S Winona 2
N E Gas & Coke. 3% Wolverine 5.!%
United Fruit 101% Daly West 44
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. .04 7-1 « N Y Central 1C6
Consols' for acct.94 7-K. Nor & Western.. 60%
Anaconda 5% Nor & West pfd.. t»2 ¦¦
Atchison 82% Ontario & West.. 30
Atchison pfd ....lOl 1 ,* Pennsylvania .... 78%
Bait & Ohio 111% Reading 34%
Can Pacific 131% Reading 1st pfd.. 44Vi
Ches & Ohio 49% Reading 2nd pfd. 37 U
Chi Gt Western.. 26% Southern Ry. 39%
Chi Mil & St P...175 Southern Ry pfd. 98%
D & R G 45 Southern Pacific. . 69
D & R G pfd 94% Union Pacific 108%
Erie 40% Union Pac pfd .... 90%
Erie 1st pfd 72% U S Steel 44%
Erie 2d pfd 57% U S Steel pfd 9H
111 Central 152% Wabash 27%
Louis & Nash.... 130 1 Wabash pfd 47%
Mo Kan & Tex.. 26% Spanish Fours.... 78%
MK &T pfd..... 55% 1
Bar Silver 23%d per ounce. Money 2%@3
per cent.
The rate of discount in the market for short
bills is 2% per cent. : .
TTieVate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK, April 29.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram . says:
Stocks were slack and dull to-day. 1 The mar
ket looked tired In waiting for peace in South
Africa and the , holiday on Thursday was .not
without -influence. American shares were
quiet, hardened slightly early : and advanced
more rapidly on New York's support of St.
Paul. -Atchison and ilnlon . Pacific, accompa
nied by good crop news. ' Grand Trunks were
very strong on the excellent revenue state
ment. Canadian Pacific hung back on its
statement, which was regarded as disappoint
ing. Silver is flat at.23%d per ounce on
American pressure \ to sell, with no Eastern
support. v ,-
England is beginning to understand that the
ocean trust is not an acquisition of British
shipping, but only a pool with exchange', of
share interests.
i Nezv York Money Market. ;.
NEW YORK, April 29.— Close— Money on
call, steady at 3%@>4 per cent; closing bid and
asked 3%(?4 per cent. . . —-_,.'
Prime mercantile paper, 4@4%. per cent. '
Sterling exchange, firm, - with actual • busi
ness In bankers' bill at $4 S7%@4 88 for de
mand and at $4 85% for sixty days. * '
Posted rates, $4 8G and $4 88% and $4 89
Commercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%. •
Bar silver, 51c.
Mexican dollars, 43c. '
Government bond?., steady: State bonds
steady; railroad bonds,- irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— To-day's state
ment of treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the' $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: ¦ Avail,
able cash balance, $183,448,547; gold, $91,231 -
962.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days..... — $4 86ii
Sterling Cables sight..... : * 8Sy 4
Sterling Cables ' 4 89%
N*w York Exchange, sight. ..._.— 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic ,— l"¥i
Silver, per ounce ...'... ;. — 51
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... — . 45}£
' Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at. 25s for
tho average carrier, usual European options.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 20,494.*- against 23,332 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 18,760
tons against 959; on the way to '•' this port,
222. S29 tons, against 183.370.
.- WHEAT — Liverpool futures : were lower.
Paris futures remained about the same.
Chicago was rather firmer on the ! day, but
prices showed little change. .The market was
inactive at the opening, but later on there was
more movement, the fihorts began to cover and
a better cash darnand was a bullish feature.
The' Southwest fought. Minneapolis reported
a much better demand, "abroad -for Flour.
There were general rains in Illinois and the
Ohio Valley, but none in the West. The crop
rc-ports from- Kansas', were the worst yet re
ceived. Wires from Topeka Bald that the sit
uation was bad, that. there was no movement,
and that 'the millers were anxious buyers, and
furthermore that two-thirds of the Wheat coun
ties would not raise more than seed, if that
much. . ;.•;. .
This market was quiet and rather weak thaw
otherwise - • .. , - . ¦
,. S ?i',V^ Wheat — Shipping. $1 llU: milling,
$1 1216(31.15 per cental.
•¦--' ••; - CALL, BOARD SALES.
• Informal Session — 9:15' o'clock — December
2000 ctls, $1 08J4.. -.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls $1 08U.
May— 1000, $110%. s - '
• Regular-' Morning ; Session— December— 4000
ctls. $108%. ¦'".¦-. .-•
•Afternoon Sessions-May — 8000 ctls $1 10%.
December— 2000, $l - 08U.
BARLEY — The market is very quiet locally,
but there Is a fair demand In the Interior for
Eastern shipment. '-as previously mentioned.
Quotations show no further change —
Feed,- 92%@95c for No. 1 and 90@91%c for
off grades ; brewing and shipping grades. 95®
87%c; Chevalier, $1@1 20." •
"¦': CALL BOARD SALES. »
Informal Session — 9 :15 o'clock— No sales.
I Secbnd Sesslon-^-No sales. . • .•
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
¦Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctla. OOV^c
December — 8000. 77%c. -
OATS— Quotations have : not changed for &
long time, and the market continues sluggish
with: ample offerings for current requirements
Grays, .$130@l 40;. whites.' $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise. $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12}$®! 32»2- red
$1 30® 1 42 14. per ctl. ' - '.
CORN — The ¦ firmness ,in "'the ' market proved
transitory, and . yellows are quoted- off again
with very little demand. White Is still scarce
and firm. -.'¦•. ¦-¦-..- ¦ >' .
• Large Yellow, $1 37%@1 45: small round do.
$1 40(g 1 45; White, $1 50@l CO.
RYE— Continues dull and unchanged at 90@
C5c per ctl. ' . ,
I BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
Flour and Millstuffs.
It is reported that the steamer Sonoma will
take 1000 tons of Flour to' New Zealand.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75.- usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon. $2 7".«3 25 per barrel for family and
$3iS?3C0 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers'. $3®
3 50.
, MILLSTUFFS — Prices ' in ! sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lr . Rye Flour. $3: Rye Meal,
?2 75; Rice Flour, *7; Corn Meal. $3 23; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Greats,' $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, *4 50@4 75; Cracked
AVheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. ?3 25; Rolled, Oats (barrels) $7 35<§9; in
sacks, $0 85(38 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50: Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas. $ti 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s. .;.
There Is very little change to report. Bran
and Middlings are steady, while Hay. continues"
.weak, with moderate receipts and an equally
moderate demand.
BRAN — $17 50IS1S per ton.
MIDDLINGS— Jf20 50<g21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $20 MVS21 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25^26;" Job
bing. $20 50@27 ; Cocoanut Cake, $20<S21 : Corn
Meal. ?20@29 50; Cracked Corn, $29 50@30;
Mixed Feed, $16@17: Cottonseed Meal. $2(5 .>0.
HAY — Wheat, -$n«Jll B0; Wheat and Oat,
$8 50@ll; Oat. $3@10 50: Alfalfa.- $S@11; Clo
ver, $7^9; Volunteer, $0 5lKgS 50; Stock, $6@S
per ton. -
STRAW— 40@65c per bale. .
« Beans and Seeds.
The demand for the East continues and
Whites have moved up another peg. The other
descriptions show no further change, but the I
¦whole market is reported in good shape • for
sellers. There is no movement in Seeds.
BEANS — Bayos. 55^2 65: small White,
$2 25@2 45; large White, $2 2."<5;2 45; Pea, $3$J
3 50; Pink, $2@2J5; Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$4 C0(ff4 75; Llmas,^$3 50@3 CO; Red Kidneys, $4
per ctl. - ' ¦ •
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65: Yel
low Mustard, $3 25®:{ 50; Flax, $2 2502 50;
Canary. 3Vic for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
109i@H%e; California. ' 10@10Vic; Rape, 1*4®
2V»c: Hernn. 3',4c per, lb.
DRIEI\ PEAS— Niles, $1 60Q2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were light and choice
Burbanks were In • demand at well, sustained
prices. The demand for seed Burbanks con
tinued brisk and desirable offerings sold read
ily at full figures. , Early Rose and Garnet
Chiles were -dull. Whlte'varietles of new Po
tatoes were dull, but offerings of red sold well
at the top quotation. ¦ _ '
- Ninety sacks of new Onions were received
from Stockton and sold for $1 25@1 75 per -sk.
There were no old Onions received. The mar
ket was bare of fancy Oregon. ¦ *nd - Nevadas
were firmly held at an advance. Australians
were offering freely out of Eeco'nd hands. Green
were plentiful and cheaper.
There was a fair demand for new vegetables
for I Northern and Eastern shipping. Aspara
gus was offering more freely than on the pre
vious day and prices were consequently lower.
Fine large Rhubarb from San Jose was in de
mand and higher. Peas were unchanged. Los
Angeles vegetables were in liberal supply and
good stock sold, off well at steady prices.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, .2(32 V4c per lb;
old, $1 40@l 60 for. Burbanks from the river:
Oregon Burbanks. • $1 65@2; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, : $1 6C@1 75; River Reds, $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose,, for seed. $1 50(g)l 65; Oregon Bur
banks. for seed, $1 35@1 CO; Sweets,' 2c per lb
for Merced. ¦ * r ~ . :
ONIONS — Oregons, for the " best and
$1 50@2 for lower grades; Nevadas, $2 75; Aus
tralian. $3 25@3 75 second hands; Green Onions,'
20@35c ner box. * . -
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra . fancy,
$2 25 per box, $1 75@2 - for No. 1 and $1 25®
1'65 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 50@65c ' per box; ex
tra fancy, 90c@$l 10; Green Peas, 85c@$l per
sack and 75c to the canners; String Beans, from
Los Angeles, 10@l 5c per, lb; including Wax:
Cabbage, 50@65c per ctl; Los Angeles Toma
toes, $1 25©i 50 per box and crate: Mexican
Tomatoes. D0@75c per box : do, repacked, $1 25
per box; Dried Peppers,. 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles do, 13@17Vic; Dried Okra, 12Vi@20c per
lb; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
35®7oc per dozen for ' small ¦ and $1@1 25 for
large; Garlic. 2©3c; Los Angeles Green Pep
per*, .15@20c; Mexican do, 8@10c; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, 1 15©17 I / 4; Summer Squash,
from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 50; Marrowfat
Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15
@20; Mushrooms,- nominal.
{Poultry and Game.
. . i • ¦ ' < •
There was no more Eastern Poultry received,
but the greater part of the two cars of Hens
which were placed on the market Monday -were
still on hand and offering at low figures, which
lessened the. demand ' for , local stock,', and all
descriptions of ¦ chickens were ' quoted •¦¦ lower.
There is but little inquiry for Geese at present
and they are lower. . ¦ ;, 5 ;
'. -There were no changes in Game/ Eighteen
sacks came In. .
• POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13@14cfor Gob
blers and' 15(9 10c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; GoslinKs..$2 25@2 50; Ducks. $4 50
(g5 for old and$7@8 for young; Hens, $3 50®'
4.50; young Rooster?. . $6@7 : old Roosters $3 -75
@4; Fryers,: $4 00@5 DO; Broilers. $3 50(§J4 50
for large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@
1 75 per dozen, for old and $2@2/25 for Squabs
- GAME .— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, SI DO for
Cottontails and $1 for \ Brush ; Gray ¦¦ Geese.
$2 50@3; White Geese, < 75c@$l;: Brant. $1 25
for small and $2 for large; English- Snipe, $2 60
@3; Jack Snipe, $1 50. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦;,' The . situation in ; Butter, showed 'no change
yesterday. : Packing, ha\-lng once begun, is now
general/ but in spite of this stocks on the floors
are still 'too large for,, the comfort of the com
mission men. Quotations continue weak, though
there is 'little disposition on the part 'of sellers
to v further -reduce them,' and 20c for creamery
is " extreme and • exceptional.;' The .'firm ot
AVheaton. . Pond ,-¦ A •' Harrold, ' which ' withdrew
from the Dairy Exchange some time ago, . re
turned.to the organization. •'-¦-- '. ; . .-.•¦.
"^All dealers report Cheese In heavy supply and
weak.-.. A sale of .100 choice mild new flats at
9ewas made on the { Exchange. ... .- -
:•. Eggs • are ; In better shape for sellers,*"..wbo
report firmness In ; all lines. ' Store are ; quoted
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
centrifugal, U6 - test,- 3 s 7-16c; molasses sugar,
2 ll-16c; refined, steady.' .
# , .: DRIED FRUITS. - .
Evaporated, apples are firm 'and, in good de
mand for . both export and : Jobbers' account.
Prices. are not quotably changed, however.
State, , common to good 7@8%c; • prime; O'/S®
9'^c; choice, 9V4@10c- fancy, 10^@llc.
In prunes there is a ; little trade at steady
prices for new. fruit, but nothing of features.
Old fruit is more or- less irregular in price.
Apricots showing some firmness, but " a light
movement. Peaches steady and unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%tg6^c.
APRICOTS— Boxed, 14c: bags, 10^@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled, 8@llc.
sylvanla Anthracite Egs. ; "Welsh Anthr».
cite. $14; Canncl. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
Jn bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton.
according to brand.
CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 16%c per lb;
Sisal size, 12 Vic; Bale Rope, 1214c for Sisal and
1«% for Manila; Duplex, 11 %c. Terms. 60
days or 1% per cent cash discount. Lota of
10,000 lbs. lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3%c:«
cases. Regular. 4%c; cases, Extra Large. 4 a ic;
cases," Eastern style. 6c; Boneless. 6c; "Nor
way," 5c; "Narrow Gauge/' 5%c; "Sliver
King." 7c: Blocks, "Orientals." 5%c: Blocks,
"Seabrlght." 6»4c; Tablets, 7c; Middles, 6%@
Sc; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. Dc; 2-lb boxes.
Fancy Boneless, ( 7@8c; Desiccated, per dozen.
SOc; Pkkled Cod. barrels, each. $7; Pickled
Cod. half-barrels, each. $4 25.
COFFEE — Costa Rica. 14@15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12%@13%c for prime
washed: ll@12c for good washed; ll%^13c for
good to prime washed beaberry: 10%@llc for
good to prime peaberry; 10%@llc for good to
prime; 8%@10c for fair; C&Sc for common to
drdinary.
Salvador— 12%@13c for strictly prime
washed: 10%@12c for good to prime washed;
9@10c for fair washed: 10%@ll% for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9^i@10c for good to
prime semi- washed; 8%@9c for superior un
washed; 8U®SViC for good green unwashed:
S'gO^ic for. good to superior unwashed pea
berry: 6®7e for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15c for prime to fancy
washed; 9«i@llc for fair to strictly good
washed; 8®8%c for good to superior unwashed;
1 9@9%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala, and Mexican — 13@15%e for prime
to fancy washed: 11%#12% for strictly good
washed; 10%@ll%c for good washed: 8%@
10%c for fair washed; 8®9c for medium; 6©
7%c for inferior to ordinary; 10%<912c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9<910c for good to
prime unwashed- peaberry; SJ4@8%c for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 29@32c; extra
heavy. 30@40c per lb; medium. 27323c: light.
24@26c: Rough Leather, 26<S28c: Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@39c for No. 1 and 30®33o
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c: light. 29©35c:
Skirting No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36®3Sc; Collar
Leather. 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather, Vm
44c; Kip, unfinished, 4&Si30c per lb; V«al,
flnlihed, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits,
14@16c: Rough Splits, 8®10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $25©28 per ton; •tick.
$16018 rer cord.
OIL— Lard Oil is higher. California Castor
Oil, in cases. No. 1. 70c; pure. $t 20; Linseed
Oil. In barrels, boiled. 78c: raw, 76c; cases. 5o
more; Lucol, 68c for boiled and 66o for raw.
in barrels^ Lard Oil. extra winter strained,
barrels. 8W; cases. $1; China Nut. S7%!j?68o
per gallon; pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 70c;
cases, 75c: Sperm, pure. 65c. Whale Oil. na
tural white. 4C@50c per gallon; Fish OH. bar
re !"« J?^ c: caaes> 47 % c : Cocoanut Oil. bar
re Wc l 6: l?X for Ce y Ion and 58%c for Australian.
,,9,°« At ' OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%©14e; p ear l Oil. in cases. SOc; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c: Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 10c:
in cases. 22%c; Benzine. In bulk. 14%c; la
cases. 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c: In
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
61c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. T»
7%c per lb; White Lead, 6%©7%c. according
to quantity. *
•»f^ T ~ Llverpo01 * *30«32 50 for the bert and
$28@29 for factory filled. \ Domestic— Imitation
Liverpool. $26 25@27; H.t R. H.. $26 25O27-
California Dairy. 60-lb bags. $26; Rock Salt'
$18 50019 60. according to quantity; Granu
lated, $26 25@27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 50©47 per flask for lo
cal use and $44 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-11>
bags: Cubes. A. Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c: Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c: Drv Granu
late* Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c-
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only). none :
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A 8 S3c :
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D " 3 55r :
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c mor- :
boxes. 60c more; 50-lb Sags, 10c more, for ali
kinds. • Dominoa— Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows-
Pine, ordinary sizes. $18019 60; extra, sizes!
$17 « 2 °: !*«>. 4 feet. $3 ©O#
4; Pickets $19; Shingles; $2 for Nol 1 and
$1 i5 for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for split and $U
for sawn; Rustic. $25@31. '
Receipts of Produce,
FOR TUESDAT. AprU 29.
Flour, qr sks... 10,408 Middlings ska 400
Wheat, ctls 4.300 Sugar, ctls... t 491
Barley, ctls 2.330 Tallow, ctll .I." 219
°ats. ctls 410 Pelts, bdls..." ffjfl
Corn, ctls 250 Hides. No 763
Beans, sks 1.723 Quicksilver, flks. 85
Potatoes, sks. . . 1,158 Leather, rolls. . . 33
Onione. sks 90 Wine, gals 24,300
w raW 'v tO , nS 5 Lime. bbls .273
SSSSS!?::;:: IS Chlcory - bbl# - M
THE SAN FKANCISCOSCAKL, WEDNiESD^jY^ APRIL 30, 1902.
Chicago Grain Market.
¦¦¦''¦- ':' ¦ f
8
A T ezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, -April 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,'
29,f0O barrels;, exports, 1100. Quiet/.
.WHEAT— Receipts, 327.625 bushels; exports,
122,402." Spot market, steady; No. 2 red; 87%e
elevator and S9c f.' o. b. afloat ;' No. .1 Northern
Duluth," S4c ¦ f: a. b. afloat; No. 1 . hard ilanl
toba.:87 1 /iC i t; o. b. afloat. ? Options opened
steady. -The market- was sustained on an even
level all day by very bullish crop news from
Kansas, partly •offset, however, by rains else
where. Cables were steady, receipts small and
seaboard clearances fair. The close was/steadv
«it V»c net advance. May, 80%@Sl 3-16c/ closed
80%c; July. SO l-16@Sl%c, closed 8OT6c; Sep
tember.' 79 Ti<5?0 '4 c. closed 80c; December 81©
8J "ic closed Sl^.c. -¦ _
HOPS-Flrm. - -..-,'
HIDES— Quiet. .
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 25@29c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, -quiet and steady;, No.
7 invoice, 5 7rlCc; mild, 1 quiet; . Cordova,; SV4@
12c. Futures closed ¦ steady, net unchanged to
10 points higher. Total sales .23,500 bags, in
cluding: June, $5; : July. '$5- 10; .September"
$5 25; October,. $5 35; November. $5 35:*De
ccmber, $5 50; ' January, '¦¦ $5 t>04i5 65; March
$5 75. • .-¦¦¦-. - . ¦, . ;, ¦ . ¦ . +~;'j
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair, refining,- 2 15-16c;
Articles — Open. High. IjOW. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ¦••¦ " •
May 74% 74% 74 74%
July 75U 75% 75% 75%
September. 74% 75 74% v .74%
Corn , No. 2 —
May 62%' 62% ,.62ty 62%
July 64 ' •- 64H 63% . 63%
September.....' 63% '63% 62*4 . 62%
Oats No. 2 — • .
May 42% 42% 42%- 42%
July (old) .35Vs W4 34% 84 %
July (new) 37 S7 36'i 36%
September (old). 30% 30% 29 ?i 2^%
September (new) -32% 52 1 ,» 31^4' 31%
' Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 16 75 16 85 , 16 75 16 77#
July 17 05 17 10 .16 97»,4 17 00,
September .....17 10 17 17V4 17 10 17 10
Lard, per 100 rounds— >•
May .10 00 10 071a 9' 97 ¦ 10 05
July 10 10 10 15 10 10.' 10 121^
September .10 25*- .10 27»,i 10 22^ '10 22^i
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May ft 37 fe 0 45 "9 37% 0*2*5
July . 0 SO 9 52'a' 9 50 9 P0
September . . ... 9 00 9 62»<. 9 S7W 9 6fVi
THE COAST RECORD.
i a i o ~i x
. | || || If <* 1
STATIONS. |.|| ||;P| -.|ft I
Astoria. ........29.98 52 '40 S Rain 50
Baker :».0S 52 34 SW Clcudy .00
Carson 'Jit. SI 60 40 W Clear 00
Eureka :;0.08 flO 44 SW Cloudy .02
Fresno ... 30.00 7S 44 S Clear 00
Flagftaff 20. RS OH 24 ¦ SW ' Clear • .W
Pocatello. Id.. .2a, 94 60 ?,2 \V Pt.Cldy T.
Independence .29. M 74 40 SE ' Clear .00
Los Ane«l<?fi...:{0.00 72 42 SW Clear .00
Pho<?nlx 29.R0 f>0 52 NW Clear .00
Portland .30.00 4S 42 fiE Uain .24
R«? Bluff.... -.SO. 02- «4 50 ' SE Hain ";<>2
noef bcrr r,o.Ot .12 44 : . SW Rain .08
Eacramcuto ..S0.C3 <J0 02 E\V Cloudy .00
Bait Lake 29.90 64 50
San Francisco. 30. 12 60 43
S. L. Oblspo. .30.12 72 42
San Diego ...30.04 64 50'
Seattle 29.96 56 40
Spokane 30.04 r.4 36
Neah Bay ....29. Si 50 42
Walla Walla.. 30. 02 5S 40
Winnemueca .29.82 »>4 32
Tuma 29.80 SS 54
N Pt.Cldy .Ofl
W- Cloudy .05
W Pt.Cldy .OC
• NW Clear .1K3
S Cloudy . t<
SW Cloudy '.21
E i Cloudy ,;u
S Cloudy T.
W Cloudy .0(
W Clear .01
THE COAST RECORD.
i a i o ~i x
. | || || If <* 1
STATIONS. |.|| ||;P| -.|ft I
Astoria. ........29.98 52 '40 S Rain 50
Baker :».0S 52 34 SW Clcudy .00
Carson 'Jit. SI 60 40 W Clear 00
Eureka :;0.08 flO 44 SW Cloudy .02
Fresno ... 30.00 7S 44 S Clear 00
Flagftaff 20. RS OH 24 ¦ SW ' Clear • .W
Pocatello. Id.. .2a, 94 60 ?,2 \V Pt.Cldy T.
Independence .29. M 74 40 SE ' Clear .00
Los Ane«l<?fi...:{0.00 72 42 SW Clear .00
Pho<?nlx 29.R0 f>0 52 NW Clear .00
Portland .30.00 4S 42 fiE Uain .24
R«? Bluff.... -.SO. 02- «4 50 ' SE Hain ";<>2
noef bcrr r,o.Ot .12 44 : . SW Rain .08
Eacramcuto ..S0.C3 <J0 02 E\V Cloudy .00
Bait Lake 29.90 64 50
San Francisco. 30. 12 60 43
S. L. Oblspo. .30.12 72 42
San Diego ...30.04 64 50'
Seattle 29.96 56 40
Spokane 30.04 r.4 36
Neah Bay ....29. Si 50 42
Walla Walla.. 30. 02 5S 40
Winnemueca .29.82 »>4 32
Tuma 29.80 SS 54
N Pt.Cldy .Ofl
W- Cloudy .05
W Pt.Cldy .OC
• NW Clear .1K3
S Cloudy . t<
SW Cloudy '.21
E i Cloudy ,;u
S Cloudy T.
W Cloudy .0(
W Clear .01
Articles — Open. High. IjOW. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ¦••¦ " •
May 74% 74% 74 74%
July 75U 75% 75% 75%
September. 74% 75 74% v .74%
Corn , No. 2 —
May 62%' 62% ,.62ty 62%
July 64 ' •- 64H 63% . 63%
September.....' 63% '63% 62*4 . 62%
Oats No. 2 — • .
May 42% 42% 42%- 42%
July (old) .35Vs W4 34% 84 %
July (new) 37 S7 36'i 36%
September (old). 30% 30% 29 ?i 2^%
September (new) -32% 52 1 ,» 31^4' 31%
' Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 16 75 16 85 , 16 75 16 77#
July 17 05 17 10 .16 97»,4 17 00,
September .....17 10 17 17V4 17 10 17 10
Lard, per 100 rounds— >•
May .10 00 10 071a 9' 97 ¦ 10 05
July 10 10 10 15 10 10.' 10 121^
September .10 25*- .10 27»,i 10 22^ '10 22^i
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May ft 37 fe 0 45 "9 37% 0*2*5
July . 0 SO 9 52'a' 9 50 9 P0
September . . ... 9 00 9 62»<. 9 S7W 9 6fViOverrules ; Demurrers. '.
1 Judge ; Fritz " yesterday; overruled the de
murrers Interposed by. attorneys " Ach' and
Riordan ', to' the" cbm^lalnts against the ; 114
men " arrested ' in ithe Cafe Royal ( for ; play
ing- poker./- Oneofithecases.-toibeselect
ed by; the' Districts Attorney .-..was ' set" for
Monday- afternoont at 2 o'clock. .It, will be
tried before a" jury. • ¦>:';•:
i' Hoe 1, Can? and, Lee ,,Hung, two
were masquerading In Sullivan alley Mon
day'night as "Japanese" arid, were arrested
by. Detective Ed Gibson for. disturbing the
peace.; Each wore a sack suit and a false
: mustache.;-." They. 1 . appeared before . Judge
Cabanlss ' yesterday, > were i convicted ¦ and
r eachsentencedto;pay;a fine of ;<5, with
the alternative of, serving five days inthe
- County' Jail. " / *- ' ¦• "•' '¦"
Chinese] Masquerader s.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
. - ¦ - : • ¦:'• V , ' / ! Tuesday,"*"April,29. ¦'
'Stmr^North Fork, Nelson,.; 2d . hours^'from
Eureka.'.. ¦¦¦,. • /. - ; ' V*' ¦' - '¦' •."•¦
, SAILED. ; ' . '.
¦ ¦ -. '..-.." tjj ii' •'¦•"¦•'? i '.y .Tuesday, April '20.'. '¦
L Stinr NewburR. • Petersen.'- Grays ¦ Harbbr.' ': ¦ /
; , ; , .. . ¦• .DOMESTIC. PORTS. -' ¦". '¦<>¦•:<..
--'.-' SEATTI.E — Sailed r April C 2»— Stmr :' City £ of
geattle.'.for'Skagrway; Btmr I>olphln. ; f or Skai?
way.'.v'April 28— Btmr . Santa . Barbara; - for ¦ Port
Hadlcck. --¦;-;:';¦'¦ .; •, : -,...-.'. -:,i- ' "-..•
VPORTIiAND— Sailed April 20— Stmr * Aber :
&een.~ tor. San 'Pedro. ?.--' , f, '¦ '? .; ..- '- .. •¦ "" ¦ '
y, Matthew ' McCurrle,* assistant 'secretary
• of 'the ; Society j for, the-. Prevention • of ¦ Cru
elty t to Animals, ' has .been = nominated by
the board of directors of that organization
for • the: Dosition: of Public Poundkeeper.
¦The.- nomination .has been forwarded to
'Mayor i Schmitz, .who,^ according; to prece-
Identi'.wlll probably confirm the society's
"choice. .'.'.i^Kjfi3MHBSB8B£yBK3^££8!tiC
New. Poun'dkeeper Npminated.
PROTECTS A FRIEUD
, AND IS BADLY CUT
William Simons was arrested last night
by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea, charged
with seriously stabbing Martin 1 , Schultz.
The cutting - occurred '¦ in a saloon at~ 617
Commercial street, j Schultz : was - cut in
the left hip, the wound: being five* inches
In depth, and It was feared. for a time he
would bleed to death. . JJe was taken to
the -Harbor Hospital, and the surgeon
there said at midnight that the Injury
would r not orove fatal.- .
According to* the wounded man's state
ment he was In the saloon ,wlth a. friend
named Marlow, . who . had considerable
money on his person. ,' Simons , - and ' ¦ two
others endeavored to take Marlow/; who
was ¦ intoxicated, out of the place, - and
Schultz, fearing they intended robbery,
endeavored to detain his friend. Simons
drew "a dirk during the discussion- and
plunged it Into Schultz's ;hip.* - -
The arrest s- was • made at - the saloon
where the affray,' occurred. . Simons re
turned, there after, the; Otouble, but when
he saw the detectives -enter he attempted
to ' run' past them : and ; . make his
Schultz is ¦' a; former, saloon-keeper, but
nothing is known of Simons. . t
The other five jurors required for the
trial of Thomas Flaherty, charged with
the murder of Frederick H. Roller in Wil
liam Umland's saloon, 311 Franklin street,
January 27, were secured yesterday and
the hearing: will commence this morning.
The five jurors are W. H. Tllson. E.
Blakely. Walter Deane, E. Sachs and Wil
liam Amick. •-'. • ¦
Jury to Try Flaherty.
The Fire Commissioners have sum
moned George Sweitzer, a- horse-dealer,
to. appear, at their next meeting and ex
plain certain statements he recently made
that'jhe award of contracts for. supplying
horses to the /department was i- influenced
by money.
Sweitzer has claimed that "certain par
ties" in ' the department I received the sum
of $10 per head on a sale of four horses,
and when" he was asked for an explana
tion he denied making the statement ami
then admitted he had done so while" under,
the influence of liquor and. that, he .did
not mean what he said. The Fire Com
missioners are not disposed to ... accept
Sweltzer's 'explanation and insist that he
appear before the board. ¦ . ¦• ' ¦ ¦ ¦:;
The "Commissioners -on; Monday: discov
ered a ."deal": on -the -part* of -three bid-'
ders to sell horses to the department' at
excessive prices 'and rejected their, bids
The arrangement -was for, the, owners to
put hvblds for various grades of horses
required, the figures, quoted being In ex
cess of the market value. The man who
desired 'the contract for. a certain, class,'
however,- placed, his .quotation In-' that
class , lower, - than 3 his ' competitors. • ' : The
unexpected^appearance in the : contest* of
F. '¦' G. Drumm, _ representing . the - Haggln
ranch,'. upset the, combine and he secured
a contract.' ¦* \- .";.<•'¦'.'; •: ¦" - •
•'. Mr. : and Mrs.: Gates were . en\ route . from
Australia' and were, with; their/, children
eating in, the dining car when the wreck
occurred. :- The'train was -over .an hour,
late , and passed AWyaconda,' . the last, sta
tion I west, -at : tije rate ; of > sixty-five miles
an hour, u When j the j heavy "train
the curve, at '"CamaMhe.' rails spread.
, RUFUS BUSTER, Chicago; waiter in
dining car. ', . .
C.CV( FAIRBANKS, Chicago; waiter in
dining-car. .)¦ . . • ¦.
The following injured are in the hospital
at Fort Madison: i Emll Eitel,. Chicago, cut
on head and "hands; S. Tenner French,
Oak- Park, Chicago,' slightly bruised; , W.'
H. .Thomas, Newton,;Mass., head cut; J.
F. J.Davis,. Chicagb,-. -mail clerk,- badly
bruiaed; -William H. Thompson,* Chicago,
porter.,. In -library '-car, bruised; ,W. J.
Runkle, Galesburg, 111., mail clerk/ leg and
head bruised ;, Henry 'C. Gates,, Australia,
brui3ed; ; : Mrs. -Henry C. Gates, ; bruised:
daughter of, Henry C- Gates, scalp wound;
Miss Johanna Platner, ¦ 12 years old; Wau
kesha, ;WIs., face . cut; George W.- Weeks,*
Clinton,? Mass.. 'serious ' Internal ; injuries,
arm broken and hand hurt; condition seri
ous ; Charles > Markell, | Sydney, * Australia;
employed;inrbranch house of '¦ Park, Davis
& Co.,"i severe scalp : wound ; /Max > Hein- 1
rich, musician; Chicago,- leg badly bruised;
Charles Sargent,- Chicago, "conductor, bad
ly ¦ bruised.
- Fourteen' of the Injured were; takentb
the hospital afFort Madison. ; The others,
except the I mall' clerk,. : Runkle, » continued'
on- their -Mourney. 1 -.' The: dead were taken
to'Fort Madison.': '-,y, ¦:»;;.• •"- ¦ , - :,;>*:;
KEOKUK.Iowa, April 29.— The Califor
nia limited , train on trie Atchison/.Topeka
and Santa ' Fe {Railroad, j eastbound/ , was
derailed, on' a curve at Cama, a switch
five miles .west of Medlll,,Mo., at 9 o'clock
this morning, ..while. going at a high: rate
of speed. -Four persons were killed »and
twenty-three were' injured. The • killed
are: '-.' . ¦
W..WERTHEIMER, San Diego, Cal. r
„ LITTLE SON OF ! HENRY C. GATES;
Australia^ . .^. ' ' ¦
SAYS BRIBERY -EXISTS
IN FIRE DEPARTMENT
Both young ladies were employed at: J."
A. "Folger & Co.'s establishment in San
Francisco,- and were In the habit of cross-
Ingthe bay together.' Saturday morning
Miss Johnson called at, the Javette home
for her friend; Mrs. Javette said to-night:
"I was- not worried over the : failure of
my daughter to return until Mrs. I John
son came to me and said that her daugh
ter, also was missing. -It is true that my
daughter has gone on visits before, but in
these days there is always an: element of
uncertainty and danger In the absence of
young girls., The girls are 15 and 20 year*
of age, . respectively, and are not used to
the .ways of the world, .We have made an
effort to trace them, but have: not been
able to discover -where they went - after
they, left their place of employment on
Saturday. The Nora Fuller case is always
unpleasantly before our . eyes in a case
like this."^s&isWjB&WS*?^ «¦*:;" ->¦,:»-
BERKELEY, April 29.— Miss Mary Ja
vette, daughter of Louis Javette, a clerk,
residing at 1919 Haste street, and Miss
Kate Johnson, daughter, of Mrs.' P. John
son of -.Ward ;; and-:- Sacramento j streets,
have been missing since Saturday morn
ing. They left, here for San Francisco on
an' early train that day and have not
been heard from since.
Attorney Riordan stated that he was
in a position to say that at least some
of the signatures were appended to the
petition only at the request 6f Barendt.
and not because the subscriber had any
objection to the saloon or the manner in
which it was conducted. He said he
would be able to prove this statement
when the case came up . for' hearing.
Commissioner Hutton warned the ;¦ re
porter that it would be necessary to pro
duce the witnesses -in person when the
case was called* as the petition would be
of no value as evidence. '
¦Commissioner Mahoney suggested that
Sergeant Gleason of the license office file
charges against Lyons, but the sergeant
demurred because he- said he did not
know what charge to bring. After con
siderable discussion Barendt was allowed
to read his petition and it was filed in
the nature of a charge. Lyons was given
two weeks to prepare a. defense.
Arthur Barendt, a reporter for the Ex
aminer, appeared before the Police Com
mission last night with a petition asking
that the saloon license of William Lyons,
at 216 Post street, be revoked. The peti
tion was alleged to be signed by fourteen
establishments doing business on, Post
street, and recited that . the saloon was
a detriment to the growing retail trade
of that neighborhood. Lyons had been
cited to appear 'before the Commission
and was present with his attorney, Thom
as Riordan. . :
Newspaper Reporter Presents a Peti-
tion Asking for Recall of Retail
Liquor Permit.
LIVES ARE LOST
IN TRAIN WRECK
LYONS' LICENSE CASE >K
V> GOES OVER TWO WEEKS
Anotherof -Sherman, Clay & Co.'s very
popular \ and enjoyable AngelUS piano
recitals occurs at their hall next Satur
day afternoon. Tickets must be procured
at their store, as usual. Admission free. •
A rising vote was taken on the ques
tion and only four placed themselves on
the negative side. •
Spear brought into the discussion the
advisability- of having the East Berkeley
freight yards removed. If possible. Ac
tion was deferred until an adjourned
meeting to be called at a near date.
Others who spoke at the meeting, tell
ing of Berkeley's futnre and making sug
gestions for the advancement of the town,
were: Judge W. A. Gray, J. L. Barker,
John Lynch. E. IL Webb. R. C. Staats,
M. L. Ryder, Judge G. W. Haight and
Lyman Allen.
Charles Spear seconded the motion and
said: "The Santa Fe has applied for a
franchise, and If the City Fathers need
stimulating in this matter it is the duty
of the Board of Trade to do it. Person
ally, I favor the forfeiture clause In the
franchise." • •
C. E. Thomas moved that the action of
the Town Board be indorsed, saying, "I
think that the Trustees in enforcing the
forfeiture clause in the franchise did the
correct thing. For the Interests of the
town trains should be made to stop here."
SUSTAIN THE TRUSTEES.
Berkeley Citizens Approve Council's
Action on Santa Fe Application, j
BERKELEY, April 29.— The Board of
Trade to-night indorsed the action of the
Town Trustees, in refusing to grant the
Santa Fe a right of way through this city
without a clause being inserted in -the
franchise providing for the maintenance
of a depot and the stopping of trains. The
action was practically unanimous. Nearly
one hundred citizens met to-night In
American Hall as a Board of Trade. Gen
eral plans for work In the interests of the
city were discussed, but the principal
business of the evening was the consider
ation of the Santa Fe franchise.
Miss Cornelia Mae Little, who has been
studying in Boston with Miss Anna Miller
Wood during the last five years, returned
to San Francisco a few days ago. Miss
Little was contralto soloist of the Unita
rian Church, Milton, : Mass., in which city,
an well as in: Boston, she Is favorably
known as a concerts soloist and teacher of
voice culture. Miss Little will reside per
manently at 1507 Devisadero street. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Llchtenstein left
yesterday for a tour of the south, after
which , they will visit New • York for a
time. ;•.->•> . . .. -...--.
. Miss Alice Herrin,. who is on her way
to Honolulu, is being greatly mourned by
her friends. Although she does. not make
her formal bow to society until next sea
son, .she has : been going out informally
and is immensely popular.
., ¦ ¦ ¦ ••¦',.', «'-, *.,»• ¦ • ;
*;••- *
.Mrs. J. R. Hanlfy Is en route to New
York and will sail from there to Europe.
The trip will be a delightful one,' but she
will be greatly missed in society and club
work.
Price, Miss Edna Price, Miss Mattie
Price, Mrs. Eveline E. Hastings of San
Francisco,Mrs."Robert E. Maddern, Mis3
Heverin; Miss Maggie Heverin and \ Miss
Tessie Heverin. ' .
G A' "Meloche lived with his family at
123 Harriet street. He had. been employed
as a waiter and. extra man in various
restaurants in this city for several years.
On' Tuesday evening last he boarded a
ierryboat, accompanied by his son, J. E.
Meloche, who at . the Oakland mole saw
him safely on a train, bound for -Red-'
ding with a, through ticket In his pocKet.
That was the last- the family saw or
heard of him until John Falconer, secre
tary of the Ancient Order, of Foresters,
bore to. them last night the tidings of his
1 ''My father," said J. E. "Meloche, the
eldest son, "Had been suffering f rom
rheumatism and -decided to go to Red
ding to seek work, as ;he believed he
could better himself. He left in . good
spirits and his health had materially Im
proved. I do not believe my father killed
himself." He never carried' a pistol and
never had ' one in the house. He was a
home man, a good husband , and a good
father." I i - • . ¦ :.'•''
When Meloche started he had between
$30 and $40, a silver watch and chain and
his Foresters' pin in his tie. He had
been married 36 years and leaves three
daughters '•- and four sons— Mrs. Salina
Penvin, Mrs. Agnes Trinles ano\ Miss
Daisy Meloche and Henry, Louis, John
Edward and Fred Leon Meloche. : The
body will be shipped. to this. city to-day.
SACRAMENTO, April .29.— The body of
G. A. Meloche . of ¦ San Francisco uas
found \by some boys to-day floating In a
slough . near J the railroad shops, L There
was a bullet wound in the right side of
the" head. Coroner McMullen is of the
opinion that Meloche committed sulcfde,
although there are some circumstances
that warrant the belief that he was mur
dered.
SAN FRANCISCAN'S BODY
FLOATING IN. A SLOUGH
CLEVER AND POPULAR" GIRL'
Who ia; now en route to '
HONOLULU. '
"Harmonious Blacksmith" (Handel), Miss
Cecil- Cowles (age 8 years); Andante and Varia
tions (Haydn). Miss Lily Blum (age 10 years);
(a) "Kammenoi Ostroi" (Rubinstein), (b)
Polonaise (Chopin), Miss Lydla Relnsteln;
Allegro from Concerto in G (Viotti). Miss Amy.
Petersen, accompanied by Mrs. Petersen; (a)
Concert Etude (McDowell), (b) "Le Jongleur"
(Moszkowskl), Miss Josie Coonan; (a) Etude.
Op. 10. No. 12 (Chopin), (b) Etude. Op. 25,
No. 2 (Chopin), (c) Staccato Etude (X. Schar
wenka). Miss Amy Petersen; Romanza from E3
minor Concerto (Chopin), Miss Lily Hansen;
Allegro from Violin Concerto (Mendelssohn),
Harry Faktor. accompanied by Mrs. Nathan
Landsberg«r; Romanza and Tarantelle, second
cult for two pianos (Rachmaninoff), - first pub
lic performance in the United States, Mrs.
Kobert Aylwln and Miss Lily Hansen, gradu
ating class of 1902. '
Seldom have the music lovers of this
city "been 'given' the opportunity of enjoy
ing such a delightful musical treat as was
furnished for them last night by the stu
dents of the California Conservatory at
their recital in Sherman-Clay Hall. The
public evidently anticipated that some
thing above the ordinary was on the tapis,
as the hall was crowded. The. flood of
sweet harmony was started in a very
pleasing manner by Miss Cecil .Cowles, a
pretty little girl,- who although but 8
years of age, plays with the .masterful
touch of an experienced musician. - She
delighted the audience with her rendition
of -"The -Harmonious Blacksmith,"-. from
Handel, and received a y6ry flattering
ovation. This recital was' Miss Cowles'
debut on the concert stage. Despite her
youth, the little musician has already dis
played ability of great promise and her
performance was no surprise . to her
friends, who expect still greater achieve
ments for her in the future.
The entire programme of the recital was
of the highest order. All the numbers were
received with applause and the audience's
only ¦ regret was that the end came so
soon. The entire programme was as fol
lows:
servatory Shows Surprising
Ability as a Pianist.
Miss Cecil Cowles of California Con-
MTJSIC LOVERS ENJOY
A DELIGHTFUL RECITAL
TWO BERKELEY
GIRLS MISSING
Mrs. Miriam A. Edwards of 1025 Seventh
avenue, East Oakland, entertained at. tea
on Friday afternoon, the guests of honor
being Mrs. Margaret Frost Morris of New
York City and Mrs. D. A.MacDonald and
Miss Mae Roberts of Tonopah. The. house
was prettily decorated for the occasion.
Among those present were: Mrs. Clayton
W. Hollis, Miss Anna ¦ Wedekind, Miss
Wedeklnd of San Francisco, Mrs. John
Sands, Mrs. Alfred Bayley, Mrs. P. Figin
ger, Mrs. John Kelly, Miss Kelly, Mrs.
Thomas Jones, Mrs. Robert Hubbs, Mrs.
Folger Coffin, Mrs. Robert Rankin, Mrs.
Charles Starrett of San Francisco, Mrs.
Raymond C. Brooks, Mrs. . Dr. • Wilcox;
Mrs. A. L. Sands. Mrs. Alyce Coffin, Mrs.
Thomas Knight, Miss Carmelita Hollis of
San Francisco, Mrs. W. D. Thomas, Mrs.
Bert Elfort, Mrs. Fourchle, Miss , Price,
Miss Edith Price. Mrs. Chapman, Mrs.
Frank Isenmen, Miss Lizzie Chapman,
Miss Chapman, Mrs. S. Hill, Miss Louise
Frost and Mrs. Margaret Frost of San
Francisco, Mrs. John Powell of Alameda,
Mrs. G. H. A. Dimpfel, Mrs. J. E. Travis.
Miss Gertrude Edwards, Mrs. Thomas
Misses Freda and Josie Bloomingdalc
received a number of their friends yester
day, and' Monday: afternoons. The draw
ing-rooms were prettily decorated and
the guests were delightfully entertained.
These are the last reception days of the
young ladies, as they will leave May 4 for
an extended visit to Europe. .
The bride was given into the keeping of
the groom* by her father; otherwise she
was unattended. Miss Alice Boobar was
to have been maid of honor, but she was
married Monday, a day earlier than she
expected, and is now on her weddiny
trip. George Hendry acted as best man.
The floral decorations were elaborate and
beautiful. Roses were the predominating
flower and formed a canopy, in the draw
ing-room. A large bell in one corner was
of roses and smilax. The color, scheme
was pink. The dining-room was done in
yellow, with American flags. .Forty-five
guests witnessed the ceremony'..-. ;•..' ... :.
. The bride was \ attired in a ¦ handsome •
gown of pale blue panne crepe, : with- gar-:
n!ture ; of • white lace and -flowers. • She
carried a shower 'bouquet ©X lilies' of. the
valley. < Mr. and Mrs. 'Greenlee will re- •
main away three' weeks on" their wedding'
trip, and upon their return will reside in
this city, where they have hosts of
friends.
©NE of the prettiest home wed
dings, of the season occurred last
evening at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. Harry J. Lask, on Cali
fornia street, the bride being
their daughter, Miss Hermione M.Lask.
The groom was Frederic S., Greenlee of
the firm of F. S. Greenlee & Co. and well
known in this city. Rev. J. A. B.. Wilson
officiated. ' . '
;M. H. . Girardin (owner) s with O. F. Hunt
(contractor), architect Fred B. Wood, all work
for a 2-story and basement , frame building on
lot on ! E line of Second : avenue. * 125 N." of
Clement street. 'N 25 by E 120; $2800. ; / ¦
". Mrs. ! Henri Marx (owner) . with Casper Zwler
leln (contractor and architect) — All < work for a
3-story, frame ; building (3 flats) on i lot i on ,W
line of Laguna. street, 112:6 N of Sutter, N 25
by "W 137:6; $8500. > ' . - • ¦-• -¦ <.?,-. ¦: ,
. , Otto ' and . Louise Curtaz . (owner) .w^ith . Nils
Anderson (contractor).: Hermann -Barth archi
tect — All work except eas fixtures, .shades and
mantels for a 2-story frame building -(flats), on'
N line , of : Golden Gate avenue, 08:9 E of
Franklin. E 68:9 by N 120; $3794. :.
William v G. . Loewe ; (owner) i with - Kalghln &
Calne ~ (contractors),' ¦ * architects - Martens &
Coffey— All " work j except . plumbing, painting,
mantels. : shades and gas fixtures for two 2
story ¦ frame- buildings, on 'SW, corner 'of -Thir
tieth and Whitney, streets, W- 100 by S 87;
$11.050..- :..;.-•-, i •¦ "-."-::¦--¦.•••¦¦ .
'.ns game -owner with ¦ Schanz &- Grundy.* (con
tractors).' archltectB same— Sewering. r plumbing
and gasflttlng for same on same; $1820.' . • , :
-i. Mrs.. Henrietta' Z.-.-H Ohrwall •¦• (owner) - ; with
Cook &. Young (contractors).: architects Bllas &
Faville— All. work for 'a' 2-story frame residence
on ¦> S .line < of i California street. -. between -Van
Ness I avenue ¦ and | Franklin •'. street .; (S line of
Callf6rTjla-street.*150:6-E .of. Franklin, E 30
by S 137:0); $8950. ¦ ' ••
Mercantile ; Trust ' Company of San i Francisco
(owner?) B wlth . M.tV. Brady (contractor); archi
tect » Albert Plssls-^r Brick ; and ¦ carpenter .' work
for bank building, on N. line of California street,
l^^ :S ' W : of . : Liedeadorff, W 60 by N ;i 114 :3% ;
$7350. ; ::; .„¦.-¦;? - •-• ¦ ,,. ¦¦- ' \ ¦-. .. -..j
. Annie 'Cooper.': wife, of -Louis", (owner), with
R.- C.'/Avdrus (contractor).' architect. Theodore
W.'.'Lenzen— AH ~, work ~ except . mantels and
shades for a 3-story : frame building, with ¦ con
crete ' foundation ; (store , and « rooming-house) , on
NE *- line of . Fifth t street. 250 ; SE- of Folsom,-,
SE 25 by NE-100;. $10,000. v : ;, , ¦)
Frank Dunn (owner) with W. E. Grant (con
tractor), architect none — Moving to rear of lot
and alterations and additions for a 2-story
frame building on lot on: N line of Rose.ave
nue, 179 .W of Gough straet. W 27:6 by N 120;
S1405.-.'. f - ¦ -" ' X- ¦ . ' ¦¦¦•--
Same owner with. same contractor, architect
none— All work for a 3-atory frame building (3
flats) on ¦ lot on S line of Page street, ¦ 179 W
of Gough, W 27:6, by S 120; $7180.
Builders' Contracts.
•" TUESDAY, APRIL 29.
\ .John.J. O'Sulllvan to Mary A. O 1 Sullivan,
undivided -VL of 'lot on E line of Devlsadero,
52 :8%, ¦ N of ¦ Sacramento street, N. 25 ¦ by K
81:3: $10. ¦ ' '
William* B. and Isabel H. Prlngle to Lulu
E. McCloskey, lot on W line of Aehbury, 32:0
N of Haight street, N 50 by.W 100;$10. • O.
' . Moses and Bertha Fisher to Bernhard Helf
fron," lot on S line of Waller,- 35 E of Shrader
street, E 25 by. S. 100: $10. ,
Carl and Louise F. Muller to T. B. Draper,
lot on S W corner of • Stanyan and Frederick
streets, W 32:0 by S 100; $10.
Peter Metcalfe to Eva, Metcalfe, • lot on "W
line of Rondel place, 133:10% E of Valencia
street and 203:8 S of Sixteenth, S 22:2 by W
64; $10. . . . -¦ ¦ •'¦ ' ¦ ' ¦¦'
¦ • Mary Lynch to '• Edward and Elizabeth
Helmke, lot on W line of Sanchez, 60 S of Hen
ry street. 8 60 by W- 105; ?10. . , . : -.
James W. and Alice L. • Fountain to. Henry
Jr. and Henrietta M. Wenzel, lot on £ line
of Eighteenth, 25 E of Hartford street, E 25
by S. 75; $10." ' . •
Mary E. McLaughlln (by John A. . Greenan,
ellsor) to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W line of York, 208 S of Twenty-third
street, S 26 by W 100; $925. v
Maria M. Small .to -William S. Small, -lot on
W line of Chattanooga, , 110 S of Twenty-third,
S 25. by W 90; $5. . • •
¦ Isaac and Ellen M. Moore to John and Mary
A. Lawaon, rerecord 1478 D. 1. lot on N line
of Twenty-fifth, 30 E of Noe street, E 25 by .
N 90; $10.
Abby M. Parrott ' (and as trustee of estate
of John Parrott). to,. B. F, Brisac and Maude
H. Norton, lot on'N line of Sacramento, 116 'E
or Montgomery, E 25by,N 00; Brant.
Charlotte L., Isabella and Helen R. Cham
berlain to John J. Qulnn, lot on E line of Spof
ford, 36:8 S of Washington street.' S 30 :» by
E 55; $10. ¦:¦ ¦:.- ¦¦¦¦•¦:¦ ••
Fitel Phillips to Marlon , Leventrltt, . lot en
N line of Geary street, 62:6 W of Grant ave
nue. W r 22:6 by N 80; ¦ grant. .,'¦ -'¦. ,
Llna Kallman (widow) and Hedwlg Fisher
(wife of Oscar) to same., same; grant.
¦ . Mary E. Fallon .; (Bumette) , to . John J. Ma
hony lot on W line of Powell street, 48 N from
Poet. ¦ N 2U :0 by .W SO; $10. •
¦ Same to same, lot on W line of Powell street,
70:6 N from Post, N 1:6 by W 60; $10. >
. Estate ot P. H. Cassidy (by M. Ford, execu
trix) to James W. Gregory, lot on NE line of
Gilbert street, -75 SE from Brannan,~SE 50 by
NE 80; $3000. - . •' / .
¦ James W. • Gregory to Alexander E. Bally,
same; $10. • ¦- '. '- .: ~- :'¦ .
Estate of Andrew J. McConnell (by, Thomas
Barber, administrator) to Edward C. Harrison,
undivided one-tenth.of lot-on W line of Ten
nessee street, 25 S from Eighteenth, S 25 by \V
100; $200. ' •
Edward ¦ A. F. "Rathmann to Wales'. L.'
Palmer, lot on W line ' of Seventeenth avenue,
110:6 N from C street. N 146, W 36:9,- S 145,
E 35: $10. •? • '¦' .
Ettle A. and Charle3 M. Greene to Edward C,
Harrlsori, lot on NE corner of Thirty-seventh :
avenue and D street, E 32:6 by N 100; $10. '
Estate of, David L. Famsworth (by Fannie P.
Farnsworth; executrix) to P. B. Fernandez, lqt
20. block F. Sunset Heights; $1200.
Fannie P. Famsworth- to same, same; $1.
P. B. Fernandez to Charles D. Taylor, same;
$10.- .. • -- -: •;' ¦¦• : "¦¦¦.. ,¦• •¦ ' ¦ t r- .
Henry F. and Clara H. Blanchet to Henry
and Ida Wlddecke, lot on SW line of Eighteenth
avenue. 275 NW from R "street,. NW 175 by SW
100 block 372.' 0'N. and H. Tract; $10.'. ¦
M. J. Mertens to Henry F. Blanchet, lots 1
to 24, block 872. same; $10. -
Edward K. ¦ and ; Jennie R. Pearson to John
F. and Elixab'eth Wachterhausser,- lot on-SW
corner of Bertton and Andover streets. S 37:6
by.W 70, lots 148 and 150, Hollfilay Map A;
$1550. : ; - ¦¦"¦' ¦: . W*WSSf '*£%*•<
Phoebe /A. .Wilson to Nicholas Canpermann.
lot on E line of Fortieth avenue. 125 S of W
street, 8 25 by E 120;. $10. ¦- ..
¦ AS and Emma C. Baldwin to J. F. Gall,
lot '22, block 1, subdivision 1,,» Castro Street
Addition: $10. .
Same to Mary F. McGulre lots ; 4 and 5,
block 0, subdivision 1; same; $10. ', ¦ -
| Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .Association . to John
Osthelmer, ; lot In said cemetery; $200.
HEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
.: LOS ANGELES, April 29.— The Supremo
Court of the Independent Order of For
esters to-day convened In triennial ses
sion in Blanchard's Hall. After an exe
cutive session of the high officers of the
Supreme Court, the report of Dr.. Oron
hyetakha wa3 read. .
In his report. Dr. Oronhyetakha called
attention to the fact that up to January
1, 1902, the Supreme Court distributed : in
benefits to Its members' and their benefi
ciaries more than $11,250,000.
On January 1, 1898, the date to which
the figures presented at the last session
of the Supreme Court were brought down
by the financial officers of the Supreme
Court, the order had 124,683 members in
good standing. On January 1, 1902, the
ngurea were ldl.677 members, thU3 making
a net gain of 66,932 members during the
four years ending with December 31, 1901.
Accumulated funds that fetood at $2,558,-
S32 78 on January 1, 1SU8, had increased on
December 31.-19U1, to S5.142.U66 29.
The assets of the «rder in excess of lia
bilities amount to 15,127,453 73. The bal
ance to the credit of the mortuary fund
on December 31, 1901, was $5,051,710 33, and,
the balance of the sick and funeral fund
was $173,144 25. The general fund, bal
anced by a loaning contingent funJ,
amounted to $141,266 14, and of the sick
and funeral fund the amount of $110,994 51.
The number of women who had applied
for beneficiary membership -to December
1, 1901, was 16,245.
During three months — January, Febru
ary and March, 1902— the medical board
has reviewed 13,721 medical examination
papers, 10,976 being for male applicants
and 2745 for female applicants; 11,999 cases
were accepted and 1722 rejected.' .(
Dr. Oronhyatekha recommends that the
by-laws be so amended as to permit the
supreme chief ranger to make Foresters
at sight, as men ¦- were knighted of old.
. He asks that a sick benefit department be
established by the Supreme Court. - - »-
The secretary's report shows that the
death rate of the order for the past year
was 6.66 per 100G members. The highest
rate of mortality was in Missouri and
Kansas, where the percentage was ; 14.51
per 1000, and the lowest in Colorado, Utah
and Arizona, which States show a rate
of 1.57 per 1000. The death rate for Cali
fornia was 7.03 per 1000;.
The reports of the supreme officers were
taken up and discussed in detail, but were
not completed at the time of adjourn
ment. Consideration will be resumed to
morrow. : ... '• • .¦".'¦
There was a public reception this even-*
ing in Simpson's. Auditorium by ¦ loc». ,
members of the order and citizens of Los
Angeles to the delegates and officers of
the Supreme Court. Governor Henry T.
Gage welcomed the delegates on behalf
of the State and Mayor M. P. Snyder on
behalf of the city of Los Angeles.
Women in Freemasonry.
A? large audience composed of. menv»
bers of the Order of the Eastern Star met
in Golden Gate Hall last night to enjoy
a musicale given under the auspices ' of
San Francisco Chapter, and to listen to
a lecture on "Women in Freemasonry."
by C L. G. Marals, the patron: of the
chapter. The lecturer delivered a care
fully prepared treatise on the history of
woman in Freemasonry, told of the init
iation of Maria Deralslnes and of the
foundation of "Human . Rights" Lodga
No. l of men and women Freemasons ot
jl aris, France. It was an instructive lec
ture and contained much on the subject
that was new to the audience. The musi
cal programme included an overture by
Professor Clarkson's mandolin and guitar
club; sonrano solo. "Tell Me, My*Heart.'*
Mme. Celestlne Delmara; violin' solos,
"Flower Song" and "Intermezzo," Wil
liam : Parker Lerond, and "Summer, " by
Mme. Delmara. ¦
Swallowed Portion of Ear.
G. Shiota, a waiter in a Japanese resvi
taurant at- 1030 Howard street, appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of mayhem. Louis - BIbescu. a*
machinist, quarreled with Shiota on April
11 * because he did not get his steak in
time and Shiota bit out a portion of hia
right ear during a fight that followed. Po
liceman Foley testified that he made a
search for the piece of ear and Shiota
told him he had swallowed It. The case
was continued till to-day. ,
Clearance Sale of Framed Pictures.
1000 framed pictures, many of them as
good as new, and' all will be closed oat
at genuine bargains. Sanbora, Vail &
Coi, 741 Market st. • • *
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, April 29.— Licenses to mar
ry were Issued to-£ay to Benjamin F. Ed
wards, over 21 years, and Viva E. How
land, over IS, both of Oakland ; , Eugene
Brown," 25, and Odessa Alexander. 17, both
of Oakland. -~"~ 'j.
Captain Robert Francis Wynne was ap
pointed second lieutenant in the <narine
corps, joining the District Regiment im
mediately after war with Spain was de
clared. He won distinction In the fight at
Guantanamo and elsewhere In Cuba. He
then Was assigned to the Oregon and
sailed to the Philippines, where he had
hard service, chiefly in the nature of out
post duty. He was in the battle of Nov
eletta, where he acquitted himself with
great credit.
He was sent with the marines to China
under Major Waller. during the siege of
the legations and-was in the five days'
march to Tientsin. Major Waller recom
mended him for bravery. For fourteen
hours during the battle of Tientsin he was
under fire and Colonel Meade recom
mended him for gallantry. He was in the
march to Peking and was made- ranking
fleet officer in recognition of his fine ser
vice. -S
ROME, April 29.— It was reported'to
day that the United States Minister would
" not ¦ interfere '. In ' the 'case* of the Impris
oned American officers/but It was stated
in official circles that King Victor Em
manuel will pardon the prisoners.'
•.•"The- 'inquiry was considered necessary
because of the inexplicable silence. of Cap
tain Dayton""and Captain Craig, the latter
:the senior- officer present - in' European
waters. Though it seems pretty well es
tablished: that Captain Wynne, command
ing the marine guard of the' cruiser;
Lieutenant Doddridge. one of her watch
officers, and Assistant Surgeon Ledbetter
are involved in serious trouble, nothing
official regarding their plight has reached
.either the State or Navy, departments.
It was •. reiterated at the Navy Depart
ment-to-day that if the officers under ar
rest ' committed a' breach of the Italian
laws they must pay the penalty. • Cap
tain Lemly, judge advocate general of the
navy, recalled to-day several cases where
officers were punished for Violating the
laws of a country at which the ship
toucned. : One case was that of a lieuten
ant named Elliott, who was . stationed on
the flagship of the South Atlantic squad
ron. So I many desertions from j the ship
had occurred that the admiral had given
instructions to his of fleers ' to shoot any
man attempting . to escape. While - in
charge of a boat's crew at a Brazilian
port, one of the. men started to run. El
liott killed him. He was at once arrested
by the Brazilian police,: was tried ".and
¦sentenced to a term ', of years, j Dom Pe
dro was at that time Emperor of Brazil,
and when the excitement subsided he par
doned the officer, . who . rejoined his ship.
As Elliott. had been tried once for. his life
the Navy Department decided : not ' to
court-martial him. . ' "•
) . More recently two officers of the navy,
were arrested at Capetown, South Afri
ca, for fast driving. . . • . ¦ . I •
If the Italian Government Insists that
the officers shall serve their terms of im
prisonment, then, when liberated, they
will rejoin their ships and & court of in
quiry, will be ordered, to be followed by
a court-martial if the facts would jus
tify such action: I •¦ " '.
: Much sympathy is felt for the young of
ficers, especially for. Captain Wynne, who
has an excellent reputation' and a host of
friends here. • :- •
: ¦ CALL BUREAU, '- 1406 G STREET, N.
w.,, Washington, April
nary to asfing the i Intercession of the
State Department, Secretary Long cabled
to-day to Captain James H. Dayton, com
manding | the cruiser Chicago, directing
him to immediately report the facts . in
connection with . the arrest and punish
ment in Venice of three officers of "his
command. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON,- April 29.-^United States Con- i
sul General Osborne died at his residence,
in Wimbledon" at 10:30 o'clock' this morn
ing.' ¦'. i\ - (¦ V: - •• ' ¦ .:' .' . -'" ¦¦. V
'William McKinley Osborne was appoint
ed Consul General vat, London by Presi-.
dent' McKinley oft, March 18, 1897. He. was
born at Girard, ;Ohio, In 1842. . Later he
removed to Boston. ¦ - •' :;
Osborne's death was not a surprise to
his friends. He ; had been confined to'lils
home since November, last suffering from
Bright'a disease «and dropsy, which lat-;
terly affected his heart. He was conscious
until near the' end. The deceased, never,
had been absolutely well since he arrived
in England: ¦'¦¦ - . W
WAbHINGTON," April 29.— The deceased
Consul General was a cousin ofithe-late
President McKinley, his • mother being a
sister to President McKinleyls father. He -
was a resident 1 of Roxbury, Mass., and
.was "appointed to London five years ago..
The post is considered to be the plum of
the United States foreign service? for. the
compensation averages, about : $25,000 per
I annum and the expenses are not particu
larly large.' / . ' , — •• - ;:.'.';¦/
j | Osborne ¦ was ' secretary of the Republi •
can National Committee during McKin
ley's first - campaign • for the Presidency.
He had been ailing for. several years from
Bright's disease, it is believed, and he
was in ill health when he < last visited the
United States, about two years ago. His
family, a wife and several children, were
with him in Europe, the eldest boy at an
English 'college and his youngest daugh
ters at school in Paris. - ~
There is a probability that Commission
er of Pensions Evans will be offered the
position of . : Consul : General to London.
White House officials are reticent' in re
gard ,to the matter, aB Is also Evans, but
there is reason to believe that the'Presi
dent would very much like to have him
accept it, and the chances are decidedly
in favor of its being offered him. ;
Eugenia Mitchell, who was married to
Henry J. Mitchell In November, 1883. filed
a suit for divorce yesterday, alleging that
her husband deserted her a year ago. She
asks for the custody of their two children,
a boy and a feirl, who are 17 and 6 years
old respectively. .
Divorces were granted yesterday- to
Luka Boro from Helena : Boro for deser
tion, Gustave Foff.trom Lidonie Foff for
cruelty, C. F. Short from Ida. B. Short
for desertion and Matilda Lavinberg from
Samuel Lavinberg for neglect.
Hannah Weiss is suing, Frederick Karl
Weiss for divorce on the grounds of de
sertion and neglect. They were married
In this city in March, 18S6. She alleges de
sertion took place In August, 1898. - • . •
Mabel L. Nicholas brought a suit- for
divorce yesterday against James W.
Nicholas. She alleges that her husband
has for more than a year past been intem
perate. They were married in November,'
1898, and have two children. .
Bowles, according to his wife's com
plaint, caused her a great deal of suffer
ing by frequently referring to • the dis
parity in their ages, saying that It
"served an old man- like him right for
marrying a young girl." He Is 40 and she
is 19.
Mrs. Bowles alleges I still further that
her husband objected to her making .anil
serving him with a dish called "floating
island," saying that there was poison. in
it, and that when she sought to soothe and
calm him by kissing him he struck her in
the face. . '
She alleges further that he abused her
because sne suggested that he insure his
life. On another occasion, alleges Mrs.
Bowles, her husband got angry with her
sister because she as«ed him if he was
angry and made her feel miserable, shout
ing in a loud voice: "My house is my
shining star. My wife's society is all I
care for. She doesn't care for me."
Mrs. Bowles alleges that her husband
has treated her cruelly ever since their
wedding day by accusing her of extrava
gance, drawing false 'ana odious contrasts
between her and his ttrst wife and by
cursing, and threatening to kill her.-' She
alleges that because sne refused to get
drunk with him at her sister's .wedding
he struck her and cried out, "You prom
ised me you would get drunK. Why don't
you get drunk?" • ¦ ¦
Three months of . married life - with
Charles Bowles has satisfied Annie Bowles
that she ¦ made a mistake \ when sKe
wedded. She has' acordlngly. brought suit
for divorce, alleging cruelty. The mar
riage took place at Oakland, January SO,
1902.
The Council voted 5200 to Mrs. Jose
phine Henninger of 869 Washington street
for. damages done because of a smallpox
quarantine.
It is worth thousands of dollars to this city
to have the streets kept in repair; to have a
roadway brtdjre across Temescal Creek; to
have rails flush with the street and not es
they are on Seventh street, makins a "dead
line" through the city. I may be asking too
much, this may be unjust, but I want to
know where we stand.
Attorney L.. S. Church, representing the
railroad, replied that he believed the city
charter would control in the matter of
street repairs.
"I have no doubt," interjected Mr. Kel
ler, "that such a trifling matter like that
can easily be arranged."
¦Councilman Cuvellier thought President
Schaffer's remarks were to the point-
Lastly, Keller suggested that a confer
ence could be held about the matters re
ferred to and that a satisfactory arrange
ment could be made by which these
points could be settled. That suited the
Council, and the ntne-votes wwe -recorded
in favor of the ordinance.
The absentees were Councilman Bon,
who is sick, and Councilman Courtney,
who is in the East. ,
This franchise ordinance does not say the
streets shall be kept In repair; It does not
provide concerning the . kind of rails to be
used; ft does not declare what kind of power
ehall be used — they mlsht put on four-mute
trains. All of this kind of provision ought
to be In the franchise. We ought to know
what we have to expect. I shall vote to pass
this ordinance to print, but I state my views
In order that you may have time before the
final passage of the ordinance "to think over
the situation.
There is no question that the people of
thig city are enthusiastic over the prospect of
having the Santa Fe Railroad enter this city.
It will be a benefit to our city and is some
thing for which our people have been clamor
ing for years. But. if my opinion is correct,
1 believe in grantine a franchise that should
contain some restrictions. Other cities grant
x-estrictlve franchises. The Santa Fe Is anxious
to come here, not because they love you, but
because they are after business.
When Councilman Wixson after second
reading moved the passage of the or
dinance to print President Schaffer, who
had surrendered the chair to Councilman
Boyer, said: '-"-.-,
For fifteen years a little band of Oakland
liusiness men has been coaxing the Santa Fe
llallroad to come into Oakland. It is not
long afio^that the people of this -city sub
eenbed f2DO,000 as a bonus for that* road/
I^ow the Santa Fe is knocking at our doors
and is asking practically for no concessions,
practically no franchise — simply to use the
licht-of-way where Tracks are now laid. Cap
tain tfayson of the Santa Fe, who has author
ized n» to speak ior him. does not make any
specific promises as to what the railroad will
do. but we Know this treat transcontinental
tTstem is not coming to Oakland for fun. We
know that it will connect with a ferry to
Ban Francisco and we believe that we can
afford to take chances in this matter. :
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 29..
By unanimous vote of the members
present, the City Council to-night passed'
to print an ordinance granting the Oak
land and East Side Railroad (Santa Fe) a
1 rafttfiise through the city over the pres- '
ent line of the California and Nevada
Railroad.
'Although the nine members of the
Council present were In favor of passing
the ordinance to print. . President Louis
Schaffer announced that he desired a
stipulation from the railroad ! company
that it would maintain and keep in re
pair .tfte streets over which the tracks
were to run. and that a bridges, from
curb tt> curb line, should be constructed
across Temescal Creek.
After the first reading of the ordinance
the rules were suspended, but before the
?»? te r» w u? H ken 2*3 J - Keller, president of
the Oakland and East Side Railroad, ad
dressed tne Council, saying:
It was voted to use Elks' carnival and
street fair stationery during the next six
ty days.- - .
Pen sion 0 c mmission er Evans
May Have the Important v
• ¦/ ; -' . Post '..¦> 1> V '¦
Benefits Distributed by Su
preme Lodge Amount to
$11,250,000.
She Applies for a Divorce
After Three Months of
Married Life.
Much Sympathy for Men of
the Chicago in Jail)
at Venice.
President Schaffer Makes a
Vain Appeal for Some
Restrictions.
United States Represent
ative Pas3es Away in;
London. ' J r
Imprisonment,
Navy Department Un
able to Prevent Their;
Gratifying Showing in
Dr. Oronhyetakha'a
Report
Charles Bowles Accuses
; Spouse of Trying to .
Poison Him.
Grants to the Santa Fe
Railroad Sent to :^
Print W^
CANNOT SAVE
THE OFFICERS
DOES NOT LIKE
WIFE'S PUDDING
FORESTER ORDER
GOING FORWARD
COUNCIL PASSES
FRANCHISE BILL
DEATH CALLS
CONSUL GENERAL
PROMINENT BUSINESS MAN
AND SOCIETY BELLE WED
••.¦-.: . ¦ .. , ¦ ¦ v .::;.-¦¦ .: '¦•\"-"' 1 ¦:. : ¦¦¦- L- . •;' -i - - :¦ • ¦¦ '•'
Miss Hermione M. Lask Becomes the Wife
of Frederic S. Greenlee;
\ THE SAN FBAyCIS^ ; CA^
9
principles Irave
been; right for 35
years. . ;^v^;-
;"¦; Our book, "Me/fin's food Babies *\ r ~
'sent free if you will write us.'
Mellxn's Food Co., Boston, 'Mw^-
. "' .. ¦ ' ¦*' ¦ : •-¦ . ¦*
PROTECTiONj
|jf^ How would you like to' \\
if have a piano that had to be |if
UJ. tuned .^ every month or so' ||
Ijl and then not even "be in j]|
|n perfect tune? jl|
|l How would you like to Wk
l!j have a piano that in a few fe"j
II months' time sounded flat % j
|(| How would you like a |a
s piano you had no confi- > in
1 dence in? Do you think it |"|
jjl'- -would be a welcome addi- frl
I dition to your home? |,j
si The only way to buy a ii
I . piano is to buy one from a IE
I - firm you know, from a con- h| .
II ;'cern which offers you a |n
III ;- guarantee backed by a rec- " |!j
|| ord of honest dealings. j)|
is . ' You pay no more for such |i|
Ii protection — why not get it? .:. ||
¦ ' Hi"^^^^>28 0*F4rre1l It. v If •'
||1 f^krSto«kt<H\St. S.K 5;|
IA/. T. HEiSS,
KOTARY PUBLIC AND 1TT0BNBT-AT-I.1W.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid?.
liHtot^araiX - Telephone Main eS3.,v<tfMmt«Hi)|
Residence. 821 California at., below Powell. .
_;;/;.- • Be»ldence Telephone. James 1301.
Thin slgnatxtra is on erery box of the gunntw
iV Laxative Bromo-QuinineT^ieta
; %ix> remedy that enrea • eaM In on« d*»
DRINK
1 Manyadi J^nos
Natural I.aiatiTe Mineral Water.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
CJDNSHPAHON
Over one thousand physicians have
testified to the fact that
; HUNYADI JANOS
will positively euro Constipation and
all forms of Stomach Disorders and
Lircr Troubles. Taken in the morning',
half hour before breakfast, it will pro^
dace a copious evacuation without
causing any discomfort. " »
BE SURE
jon GET Hunyadl JANOS. When bny-
laz ask for Hunya&l JAN05 (full name)
or you may be imposed upon.
Battle has Bine label with red center.THE SAOST FB^^GISCO l^CALI^
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — S27 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; opea until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister Etreet; opea until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1911 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
* 106 Eleventh etreet ; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
, Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken*
tucky etreets; open until 9p.D.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
• MEETING NOTICES. _ :ri _ :n -_^
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. __
T., S Post st. — Special assembly THIS TSR*
; < WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 Ea
' o'clock. Order of the Temple. All «V
f raters courteously invited. By or-
der of. the Commander. *
H. T. GRAVES. Recorder.
STARR KING Lodge, U. D.. F. and A. m
M. — Mowry's Hall, will n.eet THIS^Jk
< WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30lT2f
o'clock. Officers of Excelsior Lodge, /^r '
No. 166, F. and A. M., will confer third de-
gree- By order of the W. M.
A. A, ANDERSON. Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and •""
A. M. — Called meeting THIS _A_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 JLjf
o'clock. Third degree. /^F >
THEO. FROLICH. Sec
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, at 7 :30 o'clock. Third de- XJC
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec /!r>
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. ~m~
and A. M.. 1839 Fillmore st — Third
degree THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- XX
ING at 7:30 o'clock. /TT>
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge No. < t&fiUie>
207. I. O. O. F. — Officers and
members are requested to attend -dgajSSsSr
meeting on THURSDAY EVEN-
ING. May 1, at 8 o'clock- Initiation. ¦
J. MERRINE. N. G. .
A. LEON AURADOU. Sec. -
IVANHOE Lodge No. 8. K. of P.. will «T
confer Knight Rank (long form) K£>
on WEDNESDAY. April 30. 1902, at 3>fNW<
Pythian Castle. 90914 Market st. at «S*?
8:30 p. m. Members of sister lodges cordially
Invited M J. BROPHY, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— A meeting of
the stockholders of the United Crude Oil
Ccmpany will be held at the office of the
company, 418 Parrott building, in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY. May 13. 1902. at 12
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED. ~*
AGENTS— $10 daily. Introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
basks, churches, private and public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for; they do not require a
chimnry (to break)or wick to trim. & make no
smoke and dirt; tit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest
& cleanest light; it is a great money maker
• for agents: 200 per cent profit; write at once
& get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co., B. 867. Cincinnati. Ohio.
OUR general agents now in the field are mak-
ing from $5O0 to $1000 per month; we want 20
more everywhere; our local agents are mak-
ing from f.5 to $15 per day; we want 50 more;
not like canvassing; pleasant occupation;
everybody will give ycu an audience and
nearly everybody will do business. Call on
or address W. B. AMES, 701 Hayward build-
ing, California and Montgomery sts., S. F.
RESPONSIBLE, energetic party to sell stock
in successful manufacturing business; salary
and commission to right party. Apply at 346
McAllister st.
AGENTS wanted by manufacturing company
in this city; a proposition to right party;
men or women. Apply at 346 McAllister st.
LADIES — Start in business at home;- quick
eales and big profits; make $25 per week.
Call at room 122. 1236 Market st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
C13: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
• ttges. partnerships, attachments, collections,
«tc. ; lefral papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve'e; oall or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck;qulet;
no charge without success ; established 16 yr*.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market ft. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st.
X.. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 627 Mar-
ket rt. : consultation free ; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkln st. and 305 Market st
niRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pei stock.
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1540 Market st..bct.Sth&9th.
HOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1143 Market; tel. Howard 1346.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $2500; HARDWARE, cutlery and tool
store doing a large business; location first
class; rent low; stock will invoice the price,
or party willing to take stock. Call K. <J.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A — ?550; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
Etore; no better location In this city; living
rooms; a good paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. l:U'6 Kearny et
A RAKE chunce for lively end honest man;
the whole or half interest in old established
ealoon; in first-class location; price $S00.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2500; CORNER ealoon oa Montgomery
Et; established for years and known as first
class payine proposition; rent $175; return
rent $9»; investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE, 2t>% Kearny st
A — $1100: COR. grocery, and bar. with living
rooms and bath. In best location of the Mis-
sion; rent *45; a good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2t>^ Kearny st -
A— $1500; SALOON, few doors from Market
et. ; f.rst-clahs paying; established years; rent
$45: elerant fixtures; large stock. Call It
G. WILKE. 26% Ksarny st
A — $4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
tnale depot, clearing $400 per month: rent
$130; no better Investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. SUM Kearny.
A— $C50; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40: place first-class paying; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing mills and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
$350 — BUTCHER business doing $28 a day. in-
cluding 3 horses, harness, 2 wagons, tools,
block, etc.; party selling wishes to retire.
$2000 — Hctel of 12 rooms, bar. etc.; lot 50x
130; good well; street work complete; location
central.
$4250 — Range cf 4 stores; all rented; bring-
ing in $55 per month; on Main st and good!
location.
D. A. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
Real Estate and Insurance Broker.
THE) inventor of a new and rapid urocess of
separating gold from dry places, without the
use of water, desires to interest come one
with capital in order to place the same on
the market; its value can be seen at once
by any practical man. TOMLINSON & CO.
105 Ellis tt. room 10.
$200— PARTNER wanted in old established
commission office, paying well: sickness the
only cause of selling; no experience neces-
«ary. TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. r. 10^
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar, stands and
many other business chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR, 927 Market st. room 208.
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business:
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required; no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
buy. 25 Geary st.. room 4.
ARE you looking for the best Interest on your
money? We have the best proposition ever
offered to the public, where there is no risk
and your money is always at your disposal
and will draw an average of over 4 per cent
per week. -Just think of it; more than you
get in the bank in one year. We invite you
all to our office where we will give you full
particulars. Remember you can Invest from
$10 up. AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE AS-
SOCIATION, eulte 615, Emma Spreckels
building:, treasurer's department; open even-
Ings 7 to 8.
X— $150 — PARTNER wanted; good place for
young man satisfied with $15 to $20 a week
40 Ellis st. room 13.
A#-30 cigar stands; prices, $75 to $2000; rents
$6 to $125 monthly; profits, $2 to $7 dally.
HEDGES, 461-4C2 Parrott bldg.. 625 Market,
WELL established tobacco and cigar store; liv-
ing rooms; rent $13; must sell. 140 First st'
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4936,
Call office. - t
OLD established corner'liquor store; sold" ac-
count of sickness. Box 1456, Call office. '
DPSrNESS CHANCES— -Conttnned.
A— $550— BRANCH bakery. ' variety store; 4
rms; rent $14; full value. Strand. 209 Kearny.
A — $325 — COFFEE and chop house; receipts $20
day; rent $20; bargain. Strand, 209 Kearny.
A — $275 — DELICACY store; receipts $16 day;
rent $15; bargain. STRAND, 209 Kearny Bt
A— $175— BARBER shop, 3 chairs; clears $30
week; 3 rooms. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A — $750 — HOTEL and bar; 12 furnished rooms;
clears $150 month. STRAND. 209 Kearny St.
A— $125— FRUIT store; rent $11 60; receipts
about $12 day; bargain. Strand. 209 Kearny.
A— $200; PARTNER; light, day, office work;
experience unnecessary; earn $75 monthly.
STRAND. 209 Kearny st ___^
JOSEPH STRAUB. 650 Market st
A — SALOON and lunch house in the wholesale
district; price $900. . • • • Branch bakery
and notions at a corner on Mason st, ; - bar-
gain at $200. • • • Partner for a paying
and well established printing business. • • •
For particulars call on JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market st ' ' . - " :'
A GOOD Investment — A manufacturing busi-
ness wants $20,000 additional capital; the
business is well established and paying large
dividends and is Increasing to the necessity
for extra capital to allow further and natural
developments. Add. P. O. box 294, Oakland.
CIGAR stand wanted; good location; must
stand strict Investigation ; no ' agents. Ad-
dress. wlthfullpartlculars^boxlTO^CalL
ACTIVE man, with $5000. can establish broker-
age business and use his own money; large
profits; something rare. ' Box 1421. Call.
WANTED — Promoter to form stock company
for great money-making invention; big for-
tune in It for right man. Inventor, box
1698. Call offlcN;. . . '
HARDWARE store; paying $200 mo.; located
country, nr. city; pop. 2000; lnv. $2S0O; must
sell; make offer; no agents. Box 1692, Call.
WILL pay cash for good paying restaurant or
lunch house; give full particulars. Box 1490,
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY house sold on monthly payments.
CALL FpR OUR LARGE LIST.
100 rooms; elegant; modern. Investlgate.$20,000
«j rooms; corner; a bargain 8,000
40 rooms; central; clears $250 3,500
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms ". . . 1,700
25 rooms; long lease; payments 2,400
8 rooms; downtown; clears $60 • 550
25 rooms; rent $30; income $S5; only.. 225
9 rooms; corner; very good , 375
15 rooms; long lease; clears $100; only, 1,000
7 rooms ; snap; Geary st 200
12 rooms; Mason et. ; clears $70. 700
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
Rms. 7-8, 906 Market St., cor. Ellis, upstairs.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st and 8 Stockton St..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call: we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
SPECIAL SALES THIS WEEK.
16 r. ; rent $30; rms. sunny; good loc.& fur.$600
11 r. ; rent $50; Al loc; hardwood fjir. .. 350
30 r.; fine loc.; 45 boarders; clears $200.-3500
- -< Money loaned, 1% P«r cent . •>.-•/.
GOOD transient house; new furniture.... $1800
36 rms. : mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 750
100 rooms. ; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms: corner house; for men... 5000
60 rooms: offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 nns. ; Howard; rent only $65: terms. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Mcney loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market et
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $859
20 rooms; sunny; good renter.... 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; .corner 200
11 rootns; downtown; good ....."700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1H per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ~~
850 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis .281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate, i
- We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every dar.
New houses to lease.
WINSTON & WOLF. ~*
1026 Market st ;>;'"-
100 rooms; rent $212; modern and. new. ...$6800
53 rooms; downtown: new; see this $4800
3S rooms; rent $S5: a money-maker $1900.
34 rooms; rent $100; just listed $1900
20 rooms; new; central: reduced to $1450
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered in lodging-houses
during the present -week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st (upstairs), bet 5th & Cth sts.
Buyers, notice above announcement and
call at his office before you buy a house.
A— ' Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Bisr free list of lodging-houses at my office.
AH for sale on easy terms. Please call.
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn.: rent $55.. $850
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture.. 550
II rooms; housekeeping: rent $32 COO
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HEALY & CARR, 927 Market St., room 208.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us: we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis st. room 10
(Glascow' block). ¦ -
NATOMA. 217. near Third. 2 blocks from Call !
— 2 flats, completely furnished, 5 rooms each,
all light clean: gas; bath; large yard; a
bargain; rent $32. . .
A — H. C. DECKER — Rooming houses and ho-
tels; all prices: all Plzes; try us. 1020 Mar-
ket st. phone Mint 796.
75 LODGING-HOUSES for sale, from $200 to
$6000; good locations; bargains: snaps: in-
vestigate. ' McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market st
FURNISHED flat 5 rooms complete; rent
$17 50; for sale at a bargain. Apply on
premises. 23G Fourth st • '
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
Lodging-house. 19 rms.; rent $75; clears $135;
$1300. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
$3O0 — FINELY furnished house, 8 -rooms and
bath; a bargain. 5^ Polk st, near Market
HOUSE clearing $25 per month for $300.
Inquire at 102^ Sixth st. • ¦_.
TWENTY rooms, furnished, for sale "cheap.
513 Howard st ¦
SPIRITUALISM. • *
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. meium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'FarreHst; EUIt car.
BROCKWA Y*S independent slate writing and
. pgychic seance to-night; 25c. 1052 Ellis st. .
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing and vocal
seance Wed., Friday eves.; 50c. 325 Ellis.
KATIE HEUSSMANN sittings resumed at 1774
Fifteenth st, near Guerrero.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual end bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings dally:
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurj.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak. circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; reading daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10s.
.CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD. ."-.- ~Z
THE FAMOUS ;¦.-¦¦".'.
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located -at 17. Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She mads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In,, the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and , you will ¦ be told /how to - overcome
them. Valuable advice in all. affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45G0.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st; :
"cor. Turk; private readings dally," 10 a.m. to
¦5 p. ra. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life,
$5; send lock of hair, date and year, of birth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Golden Gate ave;. • rooms 25 and
. 26; take elevator.- Perfect* satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp -.-for. pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader,: born with double veil— second sight; I
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;Iadies 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis: : clairvoyant,'
- crystal seer; reads -your life correctly without
- ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 arm, to 8 p. m.
MME. WALTMAN— Readings daily. .10 a. m.
to 8 p.* m. ; ' circles Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Saturday. 8 p. m. 205 Turk st; ground floor.
ARRIVED — Mme.' J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates : mines, unites sep-
arated.' finds treas. 1007^ .Mkt.. parlors'- 7-8.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; ,25c up: ..< 6 Fourth ' st
'A— Mrs. MelvllI,' wonderful 5 clairvoyant, - water •
dreader. 11 6th; German spoken; hours. 0 to 8/
MME. HANSEN, well-known' clairvoyant; cards,
* palm.; 25c ; : satisfaction ' guar. » 148 .6th;: r.'- 14; ¦
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and ' ' high . ¦ psychlst; '
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st '•>
- - . •- -9^ i - AIRY °. YA - K ' rS "~ C;ont - "°^ d .' -T-" -,*•'
HAVE you been to see that wonderfully gifted
life reader at 1035 Market st. ? > ¦
MRS. . BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gents 5Oc; readings daily.. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
CARPET^JIEATIXG^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor; work
' send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market.bet.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2913.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating . Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tei. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating . Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. ' 1
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT. Prop. '- \.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES. *
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No cftarge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
4 COTTAGES ¦ TO * LET v__\ I
COTTAGE for rent, $25 per month; furniture |
for sale; everything new and up-to-date; on
20th st, near Castro. Address L.- W.. 1058,
Market st. - ¦ I
MENU) (Fair Oaks) — New Cottage, 7 rooms, I
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
'B&
A^DIl t7*S. HIGG1NS. 027. Market st., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason- \
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5. up; ¦
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural •
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction. " ' i
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges i
and fillings ; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 ""ears' ex-
perience; no students; advice ¦" 5[ree; price* \
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. {
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 800 Market, cor;
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain- j
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold :
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions Iree, $1 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays, |
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operator*;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S.. proprietor and manager. ¦
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth &t
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St. — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors,-235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3;- fillings. 50c.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St. ¦ ....-¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL T OF^TsL^CTRICAL^lsNCJI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. ; . .
SUMMER term night school for men. Y. M. C.
A. building — Arithmetic, bookkeeping, Eng-
lish, penmanship, stenography and typewrit-
ing, naval architecture. ' steam engineering:]
special ¦ tuition for special courses. Call at '
Association building for particulars. I
A— $50; LIFE scholarship at AYRES' BUSI- j
NESS COLLEGE. 723 Market st, pays for
the - combined commercial and shorthand
courses; new typewriters; positions secured;
catalogue free.
A-GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Indorsed by j
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 1382 Market st, on or about May_ 1, 1002.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. ' F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and. night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for. the university, law "and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
. Stanford professor. . Phelan .building. ¦ ... •
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, meeh.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est 18C1 Van
dcr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, . 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; position's for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st .
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March:. rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market '
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st '
SPANISH.French.etcProf.De Filippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dlS71;ablest profs. '
Harpist, only teacher "VVest.desires pupils. Mme.
Ca.rusl; Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell. st-
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo;
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 1484 Market;
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; Individual In-
struction; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
•etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.'ttth.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or ¦ personally. ¦
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof; MERKI. good
teacher. ' 1008 Mission; Instruments selected. ,
DANCING quickly taught;- private or " class.
BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market. st. ¦„ i
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
fcLEVATOKS;
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.SliS Mission; tel. John 3850.
_. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .
A — JAPANESE reliable housecleanlng," cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice.- Oeo. !
Klnoshita, 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell S501. 'I.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most i
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tei; Bush"516.. J
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years. | ;
Tel. Main 1U97^ BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay. :
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Ofnce,"415 Stock- I'
¦ ton; tel. Grant Iii8: expert, reliable help: ¦
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post; GEO. AOKI: tefc Bush 135. i
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment >Of-
ncfe; all kinds help. 315 Stockton ; Main 5188. ¦
OKPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell, nr.Sutter;tel. Black 6072.
EMPLOYMENT. ' WAXTED— FEMALE.'" I
REFINED your.g : lady wishes position as use-
; ful companion,- to either lady invalid or
grown children;, has no objection to country I
or traveling; good sewer; best"' references. I
Call to-day. 1418 Hyde st..
WELL educated young lady . would 'like "'-. to
go East, or Europe as governess or attendant
to ? lady Invalid ; - speaks several languages ;
¦experienced traveler; best references. ¦ Box
1CS2, .. Call of flee. .' ...-
RESPECTABLE lady, first-class cook, besfof
-: references, with 3-year-old . child; -wishes
position through 'the summer to take care
of residence and make herself generally use-
ful. Box 1507. Call office; '
A GOOD reliable woman ; would like'chamber
work in rooming ._ or -lodging: house;- would'
. ,'take housekeeping rooms in part payment for
-. .work. , Address . M. ; M., box 1518, Call. >
RESPECTABLE lady/ kind to'* children.-: wishes
. position as ' housekeeper or. to cook for men;
Call 68, to 70 Ellis st;.room 131 from 1 to
4 p. m; , -¦ ;¦;_:_¦ .'.."¦; .. . : ¦ , -,'¦ ¦ , - \ |-
A . LADY. , lately j from the East." will : work by I
lh^ day; thoroughly, competent; will do most L
..anything; strong .and. willing;: good, worker.
1305 Minna st.,'- up 2 flights stairs.-. \ ~y
COMPETENT woman wants 'work ' by | the day,
. washing -or houeecleanlng. Call: or /address '
... E. M., 220- Third .sf; -.-; ' ' ; '¦; -.¦".- ;• ¦ i*
RESPECTABLE Eastern • lady desires ' pdSHlon i ;
as housekeeper: in hotel or for elderly ¦ people.
..Box 1081, : Call office; :: j. ¦?-- *-:'?a ,-,-V V !
WANTED-r-By ; a German -lady, a 1 position as
" a nurse. ' Address MRS. ; SCHRADER, 2540 Yt
* Bush st (rear: house).; ..' ; .. , \ ,.
GOOD laundress wants work by the day. $110
. per day; no pestals answered.' 605 Minna St., .
J. near . Seventh. " Vi^S^SSSSBBSBBBS^OSBBStBEkd j
A WOMAN wishes 5 housework '- by the J month ;
;• sleep • home.': -, Address 3 Box ' 801;;. Call J office. ' -
SITUATION wanted : to : do • general : housework 1
or cooking; wages $30. Box 1514. Call office.;.'
A REFINED middle-aged Eastern" lady desires f
": position "as '¦¦ housekeeper; -'would v go -"out of '
i,. town ; < no ; trlflers.T Box" 1693, \ Call. - ' , ¦- K
YOUNG'lady i wishes '-to': do house • or : second
> work."- C24.B ; Bryant ; st ".;:,. ¦ ..
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— FEM ALE.
ELDERLY educated energetic lady ..would ac-
cept position as useful companion with refined
;lady without children or chaperon with moth."
erly care to young: lady; capable [ of , manag-
ing • rooming ¦• or ; boarding house ' or ; house-
keeper : where servants are kept; ; uuquestlon-
. able . ref. , ex."; MRS. J. H.. 21 Taylor st." ¦:
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
; ket— 200 rooms ; 25c to $1 50 per night ; $1 50
, to $6 week ; ; convenient and respectable ; free
-j bns and baggage to and from fyry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
' Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions . has ¦ been , established at -, 1093
Valencia' st* : _________^_^.^
EMPLOYMENT. " WAXTED— MALE. /
SOBER young man.age 20, wishes situation;
gardener, care horses; city, or country; four
years last place; best of references. S. U. fa.
A., box 1708. Call office.
GARDENER. I first-class, long experience In hot-
houses, fruit and vegetables, can furnish the
best references, wishes situation on private
place ; or resort. Gardener, box 1517, can.
A YOUNG man would like a position : In a
grocery store and can give city references.
Box 1519. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as collector; ten
years' experience for large firm; well known
in town: . Box 1515, Call office.
ilRST-CLASS machinist with experience at
any kind of floor or bench work would like
situation. Box 1520. Call office. -. :'.-;
MAN, age 30. desires position of any kind.
Box, 1495. Call office. V ¦ " v "
WATCH, clock and jewelry repairer: six years'
practical experience; "wants position- about
Aug. 1 ; a young man ; church member and
willing to work; also fair ;• good
; references. Address GEORGE R. HYDE.
. . Vigan, . Luzon. ; P. il. - • ;
RESPONSIBLE married man, strictly sober
and honest, would like to> "have a position
of trust or .night watchman; good references.
Box 4270. Call office. .Oakland. ' . ' -v v
COMPETENT • experienced traveling salesman
• wants position; liquors or tobacco preferred.
Box 1695, Call office. ' " ¦-
MAN~ and wife, young (English), want situa-
tions; private family; man coachman v etc. ;
wife first-class cook: $55 up. Box li 00 Call.
SITUATION wanted' as collector'; 4Vi i days a
¦weekao spare. ; Address E. V., 415 Laurel St.
SITUATION wanted by experienced watchman.
Address J. V.. 415- Laurel st. -
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a reliable man; understands garden-
Ing, care of horses and milking; good ref er-
- ences. Box 16pO. Call office. * ¦ - ¦ ¦
MAN and wife, no children, want positions on
gentleman's ,place; good reference. Address
box 1684. Call office. / .. ' >
GARDENER and florist, first class, married,
no children, . wants position on gentleman' s
place; good reference. Address box 1G85, Call.
WILLING and strong Japanese wiaHes to take
care of garden or horse; speaks English. S.
FURU YA, 41SA Post ' St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established - at 1036 -
Valencia st. : . .'.->¦.
FINANCIAL. .
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
Investigate our 5 per cent income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock Issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London ani
American plan; eend for .the "Pacific States
Investor," an, up- to date financial, paper;
we have always opportunities for Investors
to come In on the ground floor of first-class
.. propositions: correspondence solicited. Pacific
-' States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st; established 1802. '
,.,.,: r ,_ ' ., .;'; .''. . FLATS .' T 9 ljKT ' ¦¦. - ¦ ¦ |;
MODERN flat/ 6 rooms, bath; yard; basement;
reasonable. ' 1D33 O'Farrell st. , •
$22— SUNN Y corner flat, 6 rooms, bath. 2051
Fifteenth st, corner Sharon.
LOWER flat;- 3: choice, sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom; $12; 2419 Clay st., near Fillmore.
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath ; all modern ; large
back yard; fine basement. Owner, .2134 Pine.
SUNNY bay-window flat: 3 rooms, bath, gas;
suitable for 2: key at 524 Fell.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517— t rms.: bath:gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
POLK. 1002 — Flats of 2 to 5 'rooms for house-
keeping; complete. ¦'
~~~ FURNITURE, FOR SALE. ~~
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No.:.7
range. 'King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
NICE furniture for sale; almost new; no deal-
ers. 113 Eighth st. ....
816 ELLIS; furniture of 3 rooms; piano, sewing
machine, etc. ; price $300.- Call and see.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price pald'for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S.-J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner b'.g.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price- for second-hand furniture.: tel. Red 1354.
"'¦,-. GLOVES. jjgggjSS
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the world;
warranted: kept in repair. -121 Grant ave.
HELP XV AX TKD— yb'MALE.
At"c?~r7~HANSEN~&~CO.'S. .T.T.429 Bush~st
......... HOTEL. DEPARTMENT. ; ...... . .
3 chambermaids, springs, start to-day .$20
Pantry girl, ; same place ..." f $20
10 waitresses, mountain and summer re- t
sorts -.;....... ... .... .$20
. Waitress. 'Bakersfleld ......... .T. . . ..$25
2 waitresses, mining town, fare advanced;.$20
20 waitresses, city and commercial hotels.. :
..-. ..:.$20$2">
Ironer. country laundry." found and. $22 50
Shaker out, nice place, city laundry.. $6 week
> ... . .-. . . i FAMILY . DEPARTMENT . . . ... ..
Cook and second girl, .'American family, Oak-
, '-• land, ceo < party here this morning, $35 and
$25. choice place; cook; raneh^ fare paid, $25;
, liouseglrl, rooming-house, short distance. $25;
chambermaid and laundress; city, $25; second
girl, city. $25; other*" for houseglrls, nurse-
gii Is, cooks, etc.. best of wages.". .........
C. R; HANSEN & CO. ...... .429 Bush st ~
(Opposite .California Hotel.) ;
8 WAITRESSES, commercial hotels. $22 50and
$25, all fares paid. MRS. M..E. DAY, 335
Geary st. . ; ', ••'.'."' ¦¦¦_¦¦¦:
2 "VA'AITRESSES. same city hotel,' $22 50; oth-
ers, v $20 and,$25. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335
• Geary st. - ; . . .
WAITRESS small restaurant, near city, choice
place. MRS. M. E. DAY, .",35 Geary, st.
SECOND girl for Alameda, splendid place, $25.
MRS. M.' E. DAY. 335 Geary ; st .
NEAT young saleslady for candy ' store. $7
Wttk ; no experience necessary. MRS. M. 13.
DAY. 335 Geary st; .;• .r ;
WANTED— 3 ! cooks. $30; hotel cook, country.
$30; 3 parlor maids. $25; 4 restaurant wait-
resses. $7; .10 chambermaids and waitresses,
family hotels. $20 and $25; Ironer forlaun-'
dry, country,- $25 - and -found; 2 ; nur3cglrls,
$15 and $20; 0 second . girls, clty'and coun-
¦ : try,' $20 and $25; also a large number, of . girls
; fo» all kinds of housework. - city anrt-coun-
.'. {¦ try." Apply to J. F. ; CItOSETT & CO.. 334
: Sutter; st. . - - -. ...
A— LAUNDRESS, $25; .chambermaid, hotel,'
. • $20; : waitress, : hotel, $20; C, second girls, $25
: each; cook, $40; 4 cooks. $30 and $35; house-
girl,"; $30; cook and second girl, same house-,
$30 and $25. - MRS. NORTON. 313 , Sutter st
NO EXPERIENCE .NECESSARY : TO LEARN-
HOW ,;. TO SEW OVERALLS ; WE TEACH
• YOU FREE OF, CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.'
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32V4 FREMONT
8T. ; MR. DAVIS. - ¦'
YOUNG "girl wanted , to ' assist , in light . houso-
'\ keeping, and help take care of baby;- wages
'$10 . month. u. ; , The Gladstone, 706 Polk;st:,'
".rooms; 4 -and 5.;;' ' •-, ;. v - ¦' '"' ¦. ; v . -,;.: -
WANTED^A' woman * as 'partner * ' In ¦ ? branch
r ~ ¦[ bakery ' and notion store ; < one , who ¦ is .willing
: . to cook for;a;fewimen at -noon; no cooking
Sundays.' Box 1521. Call office. . \ - ~ *_^:
GOOD 1 finisher on custom' coats ; good ; pay and
6tes.dyiWork.5i 110 Olive ave., off Polk st.;.be-
; tween ; Ellis ; and O'Farrell;. ; ';.:;;; ; •,>
HOTEL ; housekeeper, v experienced ; only, • with
1 full particulars,, age': ref erences, 'etc; ' Apply
¦i box ; 1400,1 Call, of flee. > .. . • _*, ' -•¦ .'". ' '•¦ '.-',;¦ •
WANTED-^-Competent stenographer I and ; typ-^
;- ' let. i ', Address.-; stating . salary; and proficiency,'*
.;. box ISOG,- 1 Call, ; office. \.^..~ . ¦ . ; ' .
GIRL, experienced, to repair gentlemen's cloth-
¦;.;¦ ing. - « California' Clothing ¦, Renovatory,' 287
; O'Farrell ' «t *KJ^|F^fWC^^ijgl(ffl|^jgp^M
W ANTED-rYoung ; lady ; with 5 some - experience
:. in photography to learn retouching 'and' oper-*
atlng. Market st.~ j.
WANTED— Cook '¦ for s' country, : hotel. ¦;• Central
, - Hotel; • H"rTi"irdn t*Hi iTff" ¦'iiMWWJMMWO'ntir
A * WOMAN -• who Is tbrlght and I dresses I neatly
¦¦:•¦: to travel , for^ wholesale house.^Box 1516,- Call. 1 ,
HXPERIENCED ' girl - wanted ,' to ..lining paper
. \ In ' a ' trunk factory. C: 820 ; Howard i st. . ? .
WA NTED— Girl . -to .assist - In "; ; general house-
•; -.work.--' 418 Brannan' st. V-'-' .". ;
- j?p?*ffy EP ~ F , EMAl 'ffT"~s??°^
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS &; CO.. 32% FREMONT
BT. ; MR. DAVIS. * ,
YOUNG girl 'for, cooking ahd = general house-
work; wages $25. Call between' 9 and 12 at
,1408 McAllister st. ¦- ¦;¦-•¦;.-•-¦
TWO girls to wrap butter; . wages $7 week.
• Call 36 California st. .
EiXPERIENCED finishers oe ! coats. 364%
Third st. .. ;¦ - ,¦-.:.-. ;',.-; y
WANTED— A woman with a child for cooking
and housekeeping. . 319 Third st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice i on : custom coats.
? Apply. 935 Market st. -room 10. - :
BONNAZ operators • on r cording and ¦ braiding.
-Parisian Embroidery Works. 636 Market St. •
TAILORESS /'on '. custom coats; steady work;
'good pay. v 533 Natoma st. , • •
WANTED^-Experlenced waist and skirt hands.
593 , Ellis . st. ••¦;,.-.; • ¦¦....'.
GIRL for light . housework and assist with ln-
fant- 1C0S Fillmore > st -.. . . ; " . . v .. :
WANTED— A girl for housework. 2643 Bryant
•;. st.. - near Twenty-fifth. . ' ' . ¦ .
GIRL for housework and 'plain cooking, 4 in
.family, $20. .2024 Bush st; ; >
WANTED— Experienced waitress. 61S _ Sixth
¦ sticet: . ¦¦- . . '¦-; - ¦ ¦ v .. • ¦ - ., • . • -.
WANTED— 5 girls to learn hatrdressing. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
• required;. bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to - $75 per - month ;"¦ day and . evening class.
. College. 233 Geary st. roomi 13-15.
OPERATORS ' and girls to v learn. Standard
Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
- ¦ ' '• " ' - - '- - ¦ , • '•
WANTED— Competent girl to do chamberwork,
gewlrg and waiting at table in a small fam-
.', lly." Apply between\J2 and 2 o'clock at 1910
Washington st. •¦•»¦
GIRL/- wanted tor general- housework; small
family: wages, $15 to $20; references requir-
ed. 421 Central ave., near Hayes st.
WANTED— A number of -reliable lady solic-
itors of good standing for first-class enter-
prise. Box 1694.- Call office; ..
WANTED — First-class seamstress . for cloak
"¦and suit alterations. Apply between 8 and
11 a.m.. at HALE BROS'. ¦
Halrdresslng,' massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks..$5. College.1236
Market rm. 04: snl?ndid position: day, eve.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' under-
wear. C56 Mission st, third floor. , •
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' over
skirts; good pay. 656 Mission st, third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
good pay. . 656 Mission st. third floor.
EXPERIENCED Ironer. e56 Mission st. third
> floor; :¦;¦.¦ . . , ; :¦' f. -:-,-.-
WANTED— Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 8, and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
TAILORESS and finisher on coats; steady
work. 021 Howard st. ; ¦ . ,
FINISHERS on pants; good pay. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED — Young girl for general' housework;
.., small flat. 233 Devlsadero st.
WANTED-=-A girl • for general housework and
-cooking".- 511 Van Ness. ave. . ¦ . ,
FIRST-CLASS jacket and skirt hands, e!
MESSAGER. ,145 Post st .
AN operator on 'pants; steady work. 36 Geary
< st, room 33. "¦ ¦¦ : ' - , :
WANTED— French or German girl for house-
work. C23 McAllister st.
GIRL to help In dining-room, restaurant. 515
Valencia st * ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on custom and stock
shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 ¦ Valencia st ,
WANTED — rirst-class lroners at " Oakland
Laundry Co., 690 29th st. Oakland.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory," 27 1 Geary st. •
PANTS flnlshers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
. learning. . 541 Market st. - - ¦ ¦ - - •
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment ",541 Market st - , .
WANTED — Experienced chlrtmakers. - EAG-
\ LESON & COT. 035 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
•^Vnlenol«st ;^_''__'^-________'-_^
HELP'WANTED — -MALE:.
A . .";. ..:..........:.....; .*.'. . .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 429 Bush st.
..... NEW, RAILROAD WORK.........
. .........:... FOR NEVADA .......r.
2000 teamsters and laborers. $2 to $2 25 a day
100 concrete laborers. . . . ;. . . .-. . .$2 a day
. ..::... .FOR . CHATSWORTH PARK
, 500 tunnel men, drillers, headers and muckers
for 3 new tunnels, day-. work..... .$2 50 a day
500 outside laborers, same place.. $1 75 a day
...........'... SHIP DAILY ...........:..
Free Fare. .'... ..Free Fare Free- Fare
10 lumber pliers, country sawmill, $"5 and
| board; coachman, good references, $35; man
about place, country, $30; 10 farmers, $1
and $1 25 a day; 20 farmers, milkers, . chore
men and others .'...'...-
. . .. .. . . . .HOTEL, DEPARTMENT. . . . . v . . . . .
Camp cook, for railroad camp, in Nevada, $00
, and free fare; second cook and baker, hotel,
$50 to $60: i German second cook, country ho-
tel, $40; pantryman, for Nevada, $35 to $40;
second cook." Institution. $40; vegetable cook,
. country hotel. ¦¦ $35; , waiter, institution, $30;
• dishwashers, kitchen . hands and others. .
Neat appearing, genteel man of good address
r _; for responsible position in country hotel, $30
and .found; porter- w,ho can make electrical
repairs, for hotel, $35; bell boy, summer re-
, sort, $12 50. .....;*......;
. '. ;.".'*. . .Male . Entrance 12 Geary st. .*.
.. C. R. HANSEN &' CO. 429 Bush st
3 CARPENTERS for ; country. $3 50 day. ¦ S
\ hours; .3 rough carpenters, . country, $C0; 5
rough carpenters, clty.^long Job; bench-hand,
city, $3 50 day; wagon maker, country shop,
$3 -day; carriage.' painter,. $3 to $3 50 day:
,' carriage blacksmith, $3 ¦-, Xxf $3 50 day; car-
. rlage smiths' helper?, $2 to $2 25 day; boys
to learn machinists' ; trade: 5 drillers, free
fare; 4 miners, $2 50 to $2 75 day;edgerman,
$3 day; custom shoemaker and others
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C23 Sacramento st
EXPERIENCED baker's wason' driver,. $50;
3 farmers and wives,- $35, $40 and $50; farm-
, ers. $25,_$30 and $35; milkers, $30; stable-
man for gentleman's' place. $30; groom. $30;
•man about -place..' $30; chore man, • $10; 2
' teamsters' $1 25 day and board; young man
to drive milk wagon. $50; boy to assist on
milk wagon, $2ft and found: hostler. $2 day;
,2 teamsters and laborers, $45,-' company work-
lumber pliers. -JfOO: laborers for mills -and
. woods, $30 and .$::.*!. and found: 8 laborers for
j mine, $2 day: woodchoppers and many others
¦__;_. J.F. CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st
LAUNDRY man, private family, $30 and
; - l , found ; steward. . country . hotel, $40; restaur-
,. ant cook;, $70; boarding-house cooks, $35 and
-., - ?40; „ head ¦. waiter • for boarding-house, $30'
\ i hotel waiter; country," $25 : dishwashers. . pan-
try men and others.., J. F. CROSETT & CO
;' 628' Sacramento; st. t -.<':.. • ' "*
AT THE CAlv EMPLOYMENT AGENCY , "
9 E0 Third st, near Call Bldg.. phone Bush 405
.".....;.. RAILROAD LABORERS .........
FREE FARE . . ... .". . . . . . . ; .;-. FREE. FARE
- 100 toamsters,. Nevada." .-..$2 to $2 25 per day
; 25 rook drillers.- laborers....:..'. ..'.$2 25 day
50 concrete men ?....;..;..-.. ..$2 ?5 per day
'. r. ;.:..S. P. Co.'s own work. . south. ."......
?0 men •' for extra gangs;'.""..;. .......
¦ ¦ FREE FARE. ... . . .' .:;.....: . .FREE FARE
SHIP DAILY. V. v.;
, FOR LUMBER WOODS. ,
20 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods
$20 to $65 month and board. 1 fare advanced!
20 railroad, laborers. ,$2« : per mo.T and board
.¦...;. ;.Y. ...... .Ship to-day .... ".......
'¦• Edgerman v .-. ..." ....$3 per day
. ' 10 ¦ lumber ' pliers, . Siskiyou . County,- fare ad-
' vanced . : : . . . . ... : . . i- . ;. . . $C0 per month
10-lumber. pliers and loaders. .'.;;. ?2 per day
'V Man 'on' log. deck ". .'. .';. .""."..;?.. $2 25'per'diy
;V, Man on ; Jump saw ...:..V. ...;V. ;. $2; per day
;: '5! teamsters, ditch work, country. .'. :r. Y.Vr; .
• , '.¦.¦;.'... .'^ri:.:. '.MO per^ month"and board
' -¦¦' Farm ¦ hand, to i plow. . $25. '¦ board = and . bed.
¦ f steady. Job.-, year round. ¦ good . home ; man and
'wife, ranch iwork.' ' rooking, „; small place,' $45
'per -month, -board. '-bed.;. .... ...~. ...:.. .
CAL. EMP;; AGENCY. ;.".::.:.. -.59 .Third st;
A— HOTEL' GAZETTE.- 26 '¦ Montgomery, ,r.: 12.
¦ •.Massuer.'-sprlnps.^$40;'walter,,J>30, .country;
head iwalter. $55; - pantryman, 1 $30,_clty . ho-:
, tels; .chef,' $75. . : '- ; ; ... • ; ,
WANTED— : An; up to -date | advertiser: one ; who
' f. can ' carry on' a camn^lgn , successfully . arid ' b'-;
i nblc- i to ; write ( ad.i ¦ for specla V, ralos ; ; Eastern
man nrefe#red: state a?e and salarv f-xpocted-
¦> Fiibmlt", sample- of .work. ;• Box : 1477.*: Call. ¦.
RELIABLE man with $125 to Invcst^ln an nld-
1 : established ibuslness .that .will* pay :hlm: $C5" a
| ' month ; ' no ' experience , required : \. light work,
v;; Apply; at ,765; Market; St.* room; 3.'; ;:\ ¦>.
WANTED— Good boy.,- between 13 > and . -15;
:'- chores'; '-k'nd .'Chrlst'an'-home; •"¦can:-;nttend
'S, 4 Frhool ; sfter i holidays. ;." Box '; 12,"* - Halfmoon
>i Bay;: references; required."- -.:.• '. .-;;*-;- -
WANTED— Carriage '¦ woodworkers; .', carriage
.' • blacksmiths and : carriage; flnlshers at •- IS
;: Tenth j st. *: \ - ;•: , - - ; ¦ :'• ..- ,; ; " ;.\ ; . ,: : ¦ .
WANTED-^arrlage ..blBcksmlth ;-." nnlshers ; at
• ' O' Brlen '& ; Son's, . G. * G; ave. and • Polk • st.
HELP WANTED-— MALE— Cw». : _
A— MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main 5S48.
. .Leading, Employment and Labor Agents. .
'....?...-; ta4-C36 Clay St ••
.......... 300 RAILROAD MEN ......
.......... V FREE FARE .
. : . ... ; . . SANTA FE RAILROAD
150 men to work in section, steel, ballast and
track gangs on the Santa Fe. system
...V SHIP DAILY ...............
...... STATE U*' iN'E V AJJA— FREE ..'..-.-,
250 teamsters, Nevada .$2 25 day
COO ' laborers, Nevada" .....:.... $2 day
150 rockmen, Nevada ... .....?2 25 to $2 50
. ..* SHIP MORNING AND NIGHT FREE ..
CARPENTERS ..... .
CARPENTERS .. .T. ....:.. CARPENTERS
..-.......;.... FREE FARE
15 . carpenters to build • scows, boats, dred-
gers and other work, - 6 months' job
• Wages, $72 50 and found ........
5 carpenters (bridge), free fare.. "...
.....:... ?3 25 day
4 ship carpenters free fare.....
.r ,.;..$2 75 day and found
10 carpenters, city r. $3 50 day
...BRICKYARDS
3 brick molders, country, $2 50 day; 3 brick
setters, . $2 50 day i ;.....-...".•. ;....:*<...
FARMS, ETC. -
¦ Hop fields Fruit ranches
.....:.V Here's a job for everybody
25 men to work in hop fields, trailing vines
' and making themselves useful $37 50
...».:. ....;.;.. Fare $1 CO
0 men to thin fruit. $26 and found; 5 East-
ern farmers, . same ranch. $26 and found ....
. 75 other, farm hands $26 to $35 and found
,30 choremen and choreboys.
- ..$15 to $40 and found
. 35 teamsters, near city .....' .$00
, Milk wagon driver," good Job, near city. $30
and found; choreman for milk depot, $25 and
found; handy man tor farm, $26 and found;
- young man to work around catering depart-
ment, railroad camp, $35 and found, see boss
here; 3 stablemen;. stableman for ranch, see
boss here; 4 blacksmiths; 3 carriage palnt-
ters, no striping or lettering
........ SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Log sniper, $52 and found ; 50 men to work
in mills, yards and woods. $30 to $75 and
found; 3 shingle packers; shingle sawyer; 10
v.oodsmen, $35 and found, ar.d others'; 2 kiln
burners, $2 50 day; 10 laborers experienced in
/.brickyard, $60 .•. . ;
........ MARRIED HELP
Man and wife, private place, fare $1 25. *4C
and found; choreman and wife, ranch. $45
and found ; farmer and wife, Yolo County,
$35 and found; man and 'wife, small board-
ing house, near city ....: : . . . .V.
... ; ; ;-.-. . . LABORERS AND QUARRY
15 laborers, city. $2 day; 20 laborers, coun-
try, $34 and found; 5 laborers, factory; 6 la-
borers, quarry, $60; 16 Italian laborers, $60;
240 laborers for other work. $30 to $75
MISCELLANEOUS
f.D milkers, $30 to $40 and found; 13 butter-
n-.akers and dairymen; cheesemakers. $30 to
.....: HOTEL DEPARTMENT* ' ETC*. ""!**"*
Ccok for ranch, see boss, here, $30 and found;
17 cooka. other jobs. $40, $30, $35 and found;
IS waiters. $20 to $35 and found; 25 kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc. ; butcher city hotel
$35 and found; cook, small institution. $25
and found; camp waiter, mine, $25 and
found; young man for catering department
of railroad camp, free fare, see . boss here.
$35 and found ". . . . . .... .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
200 LABORERS AT HUNTERS POINT; $2
PER DAY. CITY STREET IMPROVE-
MENT COMPANY.
¦ i '.
WANTED — Man with $200 for candy store- at-
tend cash; no experience required; $70 month.
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market* st.* upstairs.
WANTED— An:' errand boy for this office J
F. CROSETT & .CO.. 334 Sutter st.
GOOD tailor on coatg. 364^ Third st
BRIGHT boy for jewelry store; state refer-
ences. Box 802. Call office.
BOY as night porter; wages $6 per week. 212
O'Farrell st. . ¦
BUSHELMAN and presser. Cal. Clothing Ren-
¦ ovatory, 2S7. O'Farrell st; steady position.
BOYS wanted— Light work in cigar box fac-
tory, 723 Bryant st. .
2 FIRST-CLASS lunch waiters wanted. Pow-
ell and Beach sts.
WANTED— Good barber; steady job. Apply
1 25 Fourth st. San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
A CAPABLE man. experienced In subscription
book business. Box 1498, Call office.
A BRIGHT young man, not over sixteen; per-
manent position. Box 1497. Call- office.
GOOD woodturner, ?3 a day; 8 hours' work.
547 Brannan st. ¦ ¦ .
BOY for printing office; good chance to learn
the trade. 109 California st.
ERRAND boy wanted at 935 Market st.
room 16.
DISHWASHER wanted. 62S Fourth st.
BARBER: good steady ¦ union man wanted;
good wages. 167 Ninth st
AN elevator boy.. 29 Stockton st "
WANTED^ — Grocery and bar clerk; must be
Box 150S, Call office.
$75 — DANISH lady wants partner in . cigar
. store. 237 Fourth st, near Kolsom. —
WANTED — A butcher at the Golden West Ho-
tel. 76 Ellis st --
; GOOD dishwasher wanted. People's Restaur-
} ant. 631 Clay st y-. .. -.
BARBER wanted for Monday. Wednesday, Sat-
urday and Sunday. 797 Mission st";
GOOD waiter wanted.* 1507 Market st
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.: salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
to 4 p. m.. ex.- Sun.. St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237. 1CC6 Market st. >.
j WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
- S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lees than 5 feet 4 inches and. not over 6 feet 1
¦ inch;- able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis et.. San Francisco.
YOUNG man, 16 to IS years of age, to work
'" in photograph gallery; must live with pa-
rents; small. wages to start. Address M. S
Box 1402. Call . office.
WANTED— First-class brass finisher; one who
is thoroughly familiar with marine and other
i work of that character. Address MORAN
BROS. COMPANY, Seattle, Wash.
BARBER shop and bathrooms in Vallejo, doing
a good business; ccst $1000: to be - sold at
once at a bargain. ApDly JOS. R. BLEILY
Cor. -Fin, secretary J. B. I. W..'»27 Market.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand: only requires 8 weeks; tools donated -
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LF.GE. 635 Clay st. : •
WANTED — Laborers . and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; 150 large
¦ roomi; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per. week.
ELDERLY man wanted for selling fruit and
vegetables on wagon: wages $15 month and
found. Call bet. 7 and 9 a. m.. 128 Henry st.
OFFICE boy about 15 In wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended;, no cigarette smokers. Box 4928, Call.
WANTED— Reliable young man with some
cash: plain work; no experience required; $15
' week: steady place. BROWN. 1221 . Market.
WANTED — Young man who is an ' experienced
and competent shoe salesman; Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at'HALE BROS'.
BARBER" shop for sale or partner; first-class
newly fitted shop in good location. Box
1 079. Call. ' ; . -.-.'- . .
WANTED^ — A compositor who can run platen
.presses;" sit. .steady; state wages. Address
Printer. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Man with $150 for cigar stand* $70
month; no experience. BROWN, 1221 Mar-
.' ket st ¦,-..'..• : . \ .,; /
COATMAKERS and - bushelmen for country
.-¦-Apply- REISS -BROS.... 24 Sutter st ¦;¦ **
WANTED— Boy in- brokers', of flee. -Address in
.-- own handwriting R. H.. box 1CS0. . Call office.,
BOY wanted to learn confectionery. 1205 Polk
: near Sutter. ' • ' \ - • . *
WANTED— Partner to peddle fruit and veeeta-
-Ncs. ."¦ Box v . 1707,.- Call ; office.
100. MEN; : great proposition; call or write-
sample 10c. NOVELTY CO.; 574jUh st . S; fI
I4WISH a, good* barber -shop • combined with
, , cigar store. - Box 1C07. Call \ office. , "¦
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. " 537 Brannan
: street; . , . .
' FIFTY^quarrymen. $2 per day. Apply 9 Sut-
ter ; st. ,- second ; floor.
YOUNG man to 'do Janitor work for.-his tui-
. tlon. S. F.; Barber College.- 741A- Howard. *
PENSION ; and extra", pay.' Write SHERWOOD
'• C24.Markt. : past com. .Wattrous PostQ.A.It!
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
i Australia. SHERMAN'S, 2t> Steuart st
¦^ GET your shoes 1 half-soled .whiie "• waiting: 25c
i to 50c. y SCT Mission st. J . " bet 1st and 2d sts. .
i PENSION atty.; ;e; A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo.H:. Thomas PostjQ.A.R:
COO MEN to." buy new and 'Ed-hand army shoes."
; - COe up: soling 20c.un. . ¦ OS:;, Howard af; nr. 6th.
'ALL ' sizes ¦ men's -'moca,*. slightly damaged, • halt
, ' price. .563 Mission •st; bet: 1st and Cd sts. .
.WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near. Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms, \ 25c -night: , reading .rooms;
1 free "bus and baggage . to and from ferry. '
L HORSES AJTD WAGONS, y
JUST arrived— 20 fine work, driving and sad-
. die horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come ani
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 2JtJ
— Third st WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses fcr sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, h*r-
' ness, etc. ; auction sales every 'Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa ealesyard— Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market cor. 11th.
Fgan Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth se3-
9 slon begins June 9: Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
TWO small - and 1 large horse for sale at *
¦ great bargain ; party going East. 237 Geary.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harne8s.work.drivlng horses. ISth&Valecnia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOT7SES TO LET. • . . _ _
A — PRINTED list bouses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. _^_
. "HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent — Teutonla Hall. 1332 Howard st. bet.
Sth and 10th, for a term, of years: barroom,
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address- F.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.
HYPXOTIS31. ¦
PROF. GOLDBERG, phrenologist, teaches to 4
lessons, $20. gtd. ; future revealed, $1. 8 Fowl.
-. _ ' INVESTMENTS.
THE Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery st. *1
S. F. ''Call or write for particulara. -
LOST — Sunday, 27th, small circular pin of
pearls and leaves: keepsake; very liberal re-
ward. 241S Gough st •
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est 1SS7: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; also - cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
. stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421. .
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J. F. Hotter. 712 Mission :teL Main 730.
'¦ MISCELjLAJfEOPS— -FOR SALJB.^
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
SECOND-HAND boilers, engines, pumps, dy-
namos, motors, water pipe, belting bought,
sold and exchanged. H. S.. WHITE, 130-132
Beale st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th«
Brunswick- Balke-Col lender Co.. 652 Mission.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora huts, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE SUITS $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery it.
WESTINGHOCSE , alternating current motor,
2 H.' P., 2 phase; cheap. 1538 Kentucky st.
$10 — DOMESTIC sewing machine: in good coa-
dltlon. 1571 Market Bt.. near Twelfth.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a flrst-clasi harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Monts/y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Badgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
BOATS. launches, rowboata carried In stack.
PAKER £ HAMILTON.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HXR-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boiler*
go to D.J.M=Masters,SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 619 Market st
MAGIC lanterns new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J.. BURKE.. 130 Bcala at
i -> r MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents"
full dress and Tuxedo suits. ' Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — A second-hand safe; give size and
price. Address Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Point Lobos ave., S. F. •
WANTED— Several 2 to 5 H. P. gasoline en-
gines. • Box 1522. Call.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;,
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
PRIVATE party wants a few nice diamonds:
small or large. Box 1443. Call. -
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthEIectrlcalWka..418Turk.
- . MONEY TO LOAN. .
A— HERa£STMU^P^lYT^oi-t>O2^xaminer bl£
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
......On First and Second Mortgages......
On Life Interests in Estates........ '
Property Being Held In Trust.......
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
' Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate. '
; Financial Problems of all sorts and slzej. '
IF YOU NEED MONEY «
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages ...,
Undivided interest in real estate in probate. »
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewher«
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
' $300,000 at 5Vi and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.: CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second - and third mortgages, estates tn pro-
. bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
lrt floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis st. room 10 (Glasgow
block). :
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
»
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on . diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates.; Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market at: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur;
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st. room 36.
ANY amount on. furniture, pianoa; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery st.. room 7, opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans asy amount on furni-
ture, planes; no removal: low rates: confldsn-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture.' pianos ; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOWEST : rates on furniture, etc. by privat*
no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
- no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; privats
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. Sth fir.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black ¦ 1 .00. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mcney loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE.: Mills building, will loan sums to
eult;^Interest low; also easy payment loans. .
0X^L& er cer>t cn wrolture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
C^^ H . lMni! l.A»i rW people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. COO Examiner bldg.
L ?^ S ™° ne y on. salary: no indorser: Eastern
M>«tern Loan Co.." Zm Phelan hldg.
li '. HYS1 -5r?A?.»Z A ?»J suncaoxs. ~~~"
RUPTURE and piles cured; no Day until' cured-
J">,°P«atjon.-no <»«««Uon i^m^uslneSV^i: ,
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon frey. Dra '.Fbrden & Porterfleld. 8 Turk.
D io«i C i xV °: D P^NELL-:offlce and residence.
« v ,1021 % Market st;- bet Sixth and Seventh.- Morning Session. .
100 Belcher Ill 200 Mexican .V«.;* 60*
500 Best & Bel... is 500 Mexican ..... '63
600 Bullion I. ..... 0.J 200 Mexican . • el
300 Caledonia ... 51 300: Occidental ... -15
200 Caledonia 60 1200 Ophir 1 85
CO Caledonia ... 62 1000 Overman .... 25
200 Chollar 21 500 Potost 36
500 Chollar ...... ¦ 22 700 Potosl 38
1100 C C fc Va 1 «5 20O Savage IB
20 C C & Va....l 60 700 Sierra Nev.^. 2S
200 Exchequer ... Ol 100 Silver -Hill... 4O
1400 Gould & Cur. 18 300 Union Con. ... 2»
100 Justice ..;... 07
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes ....... 05 100 Occidental .. 1.1
200 Best & Bel... 24 SOU Ophir 1 85
100 Caledonia ... 61 200 Ophir .......1 90
60 Caledonia ... . 60 100 Potost ' 35
1700 Chollar 21 200 Potosl ....... .34
300 C C & Va....l BO 100 Savage ...... 15
200 Crown- Point. 10 100 Sierra Nev... .27
500 Gould & Cur. 17 3OO Sierra Nev.;.' 28
3300 Gould &. Cur. • IS 100 Sliver H1U... 5^
300 Justice 07 300 Union Con... 28
100 Mexican ..... K 1200 Utah :.:. 04
300 Mexican 61 600 Yellow Jack.. 14
800 Mexican 60
Following were the sales ia the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Belcher ..... 11 BOO- Ophir J.1....1 75
500 Best & Bel.. 27 130 Ophir 1 70
1200 Best & Bel.. 28 300 Ophir 1 SO
COO Caledonia ... 52 250 Ophir * .1 85
600 Chollar 22 200 Ophir 195
600 Chollar 21 800 Overman .... 25
60O.CC & Va....l 60 500 Overman ..:.. -'¦ 27
200 C C & Va..l 62% 1000 Potosi 37
300 C C & Va 165 COO Savage .. ,16
300 C C & Va....l 70 400 Sierra Nev... 28
300 Gould & Cur.' 17 200 Silver Hill... 5O
300 Mexican , el 20O Union Con... 2»
300 Mexican ...... 62 50O Utah ........ .05
200 Mexican "85 700 Utah 04
600 Mexican ..... 66 300 Yellow Jack.. 14
200 Occidental ... 15
¦ , ; Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 10 300 Mexican 62
600 Belcher 09 400 Ophir ...... A 85
600 Best & Bel.". 27 200 Ophir * 1 87 Vi
500 C C & Va 1 «u 200 Ophir 1 9U
400 C C t Va..l.«2% 200 Overman .... 2«
,, 300 C C & Va 165 200 Potosl 35
600. Con Imperial. 01 300 Potosl ..31
600 Crown Point. 10 1000 Silver Hill... 51/
200 Gould & Cur. 18 500 Union Con....' 23
300 Mexican . . . . : 60 . .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ; ,
TUESDAY. .Aaril. 29—4 p.- bk -»
Bid. Ask. I Bkl.Ask.
Alpha- 02 OJ Justice ...:.. 06 07
Alta ........ 0<l 05 1 Kentuck .".."..• 01 02
Andes ....... 06 ' 0»J|Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher ..... 10 11 1 Mexican ..... 60 61
Best Si Bel.. 27 29 j Accidental ... 15 16.
Bullion 02 at Ophir .......190 195
Caledonia :.. 52 Kt Overman .... 24 2tt
Challenge ... IS 20 Potosl ....... 31 ,32
Chollar 20 - 21 Savage ...... 15 16
Confidence ...-62 65l3corrilon .,:. — 04
C C & Va 1 60 1 «5|?lec Belcher.. ¦ — 03
ron " Imperial. — 02 31erra Nev...> 23 '29
Ion N York.. .— 62 Silver Hill... ' ,51 '53
CYown Point.. Oft It) 5t Louis.... ; — OS
' eureka, Con.. 18 . — Syndicate ... — OS
"Scchequer .'...T. — 01 Union Coa..."-.28-'- 29
3ould & Cur. IS 1!» LTtah ........ 04 05
Hale & Nor.. 24 25 fellow Jack., t* 14
Following were the sales ¦ In the San Fran
claco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ;
MINING STOCKS.
Continued From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
After three trials for murder Ho Mon
was acquitted by a jury In Judge Law
lor"a court yesterday afternoon. • During
the war between the Suey Sing* Tong and
the Hop Sing Tong on March 17. 1899. Ho
Mon and Sue Ho Mon killed a member of
the Hop Sing Tong In mistake for the
president of the tong in a building at tho
corner of Pacific and Dupont streets. Sua
Ho Mon committed suicide in the County
Jail while awaiting trial. • "
Ho Mon Acquitted.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C J ¦ Copeland. Ind
T C Johnson, Sacto
W Cochran. N Y
J M Hayden, Seattle
B Chaloner & sister.
Cripple' Creek
C McFerren. Ind
W E Empey. Denver
J Wright. Gold Run,
J Price. Phlla
J Hackleman. Ind
E A Keller. Chicago
S A Kay. Honolulu
F L Block, w & son.
St Louis
Mrs Rubelman" & d,
St Louis
Mrs P Lucas, St Louis
F Tote, .w & 3 ch. Or
C Moore & w, Seattle
R E L Newberry. D C
M C Clark & w. Mex
T T Turner. Tenn
Miss A O'Malley. Mo
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WE^ESD AY^^ APRIL 30; 1902 1
11
BiEmcAL^ ' :"¦'¦? x
* ""^XT^vvrTLrVorld-renowned special-
ist.-Laaies.aH*™ * q fel _ Ale comp i alnt8 .
consatt the W^ Jimpialnu positively cor-
meW A ?L> unfortunate helped: relief in all
rected i t^r- the most difficult cases treated;
£ cfPS ~h«';<J i thousands cf most obstinate
£? r f /^gjgsMence, 1013 Mkt., op. Sth.
r."^c~~fricOHL— Well-known reliable ladles'
«,^ria"=t- instant rt-licf guaranteed ; .home In
EStaSSaitT hours 9 to 5 and 7 to S. Re-
moved to .idoSH Market St.. opposite 5th Bt.
*ti?<; n tvtETH— Well-known ladies' special-
ist" IS vcars 1 experience, removed to 1008^4
Market Vt.. orP- 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
thf women have greatly influenced the sale of
•K R K. R" on this Coast and East; a
pure distillation: the essence of. certain
Dine* nrs. etc.: delay not if uric acid poison
is present; if rheumatic and kidney troubles
cause sufferir.p. send 75c in stamps to KIN-
NEV MEDICINE CO., Los Angeles, for a
bottle. .
MR? SWEET, 606 Guerrero st. near 18th —
Graduate cf Royal University, Berlin; has 25
yrars" experience in midwifery cases; takes
irdies before and during confinement; best
rcotherly care; infants adopted; confinements
5'.* . room and board 55 week; consult me be-
far*- going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
122S to 112C Market Et.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
lst; maternity hospital; home for infants free;
lee low. 90C Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies"
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees. .
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never fallj;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Keamy.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market st., nr. Slsth.
treats ladles only; relief in all cases teken.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MUSICAL IXSTRTTMESTS.
AS we are now decorating- our new warerooms
and hall and must have the room, every piano
Is cut to the lowest possible figure. Over 200
on our floors, of which the following • are a
few. Rents, $2; installments, $3, or your
own terms:
1 Bourne • «*<
1 Weber S3
1 Knabe , »5
1 Marshall 135
1 Haynes 155
S Smith & Barnes ?135 to 240
2 Steinways 265 to 3S5
8 Heine .' 235 to 3S5
2 Chlckering 195 and 2S0
10 Hallet & Davis 165
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall, 235-237
.Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
cSer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO., Steinway dealers,
cor. Keamy and Sutter sts.. E. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts... Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
6eccnd-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Secosd-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from 1175 up. EENJ. CURTAZ ft
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerinj, Mason
and Hamlin. Vcse, Sterling pianos.
HVE have a choice lot of rood Instruments,
slightly need, that can be obtained upon very
easy terms and at low prices. We have also
Wissner-Baumeister and Stodard pianos.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market st. ' . -' -¦¦--
ANY placo sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Kcabe. at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1S50. <
LL'DTVIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
ct., San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
Compelled eacriflce by private family leaving.
$550: new upright grand piano. 595 Ellis Et.
ENAF — 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,20SPost.
f 170;rreat sacrifice ;almost new upright. Schmltx
& Co.. 16 McAllister et.. next Hiberia Bank.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
"WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
ALMOST sew large size Steinway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON MATJZT. 808-810-812 Post St.: Sohmer
and other pianos and pip* organs. • -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer.- 2 ¦ Latham place.
OFFICES AJfP STORES TO LET.
EMMA EPRECKELS building OT2 'Market et—
Light, cheerful offices, $15923 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
LOFT for rent, 40x65 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes; with water 116 month. WM.
LOAXE. Plumber. 439 Fifth El
WATCHMAKER — Window and space to- let;
suitable for a watchmaker. 195 Fourth st.
fc'TORE with large basement, below Kearny; al-
teratlons to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
OIU '
DIL tasks. Sad-band. In rood order: all sixes:
cheap. H. B. WHITE. 180-138 BeaU rt.
OIIm LANDS.
fOR Sale— Cheap; 10 acres, patented land, sec-
tion 29-28-28; heart of Bakers field district;
one well on property; oil guaranteed under
every foot. L. W. MYERS, Laughlin build-
inr, Log Aneeles.
PERSOXALS. ~ T
«¦¦• • —.¦¦-¦ ¦¦¦¦..»w^.»~^«..w
A — CERTUS
Actually grows hair on bald beads: cleanses
and beautifies the hair; promotes a luxuriant
growth; never falls to restore gray hair; cure*
dandruff, ecalp diseases and hair falling;
price $1 fto agents 60c); everybody should
write for trial package. Bohemian Hair and
Skin Specialists, 131 Post ft., third floor. S.
F. ; treatment and consultation free.
WARNING TO THE PUBLIC.
The only official, souvenir badges of the re-
cent etreet railway employes" strike are for
eale at Turk-st. Temple, 117 Turk st. H. C.
QUICK. Chairman Badge Committee. ' ;
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$1S; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
rt., between Seventh and Eighth.
MY hair dressers are all artists.
Hair dressing 2Ss
Bhampoolng 50c
Manicuring ' 23c
<5. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms,
25c to f 1 60 per night; SI GO to $C per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
HAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest ehirt waists and Jackets with postil-
lions and pepluros. Call to see at Domestic
office. 1021 Market St.. near Birth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
EV.lt. makes colored 6hirts to order; $1 each;
tame es white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyelrig; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
in* 50c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 30 mln. Miss A.V.Doyle.l7C2 Mkt, op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair- permanent; painless; free treatment;
wcrlt guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market.
FACIAL MAESAGE TREATMENTS— FANNY
ERIGGS CARB system and preparations.
HENDERSON. 223 Powell St.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tstlqr. 721 Market st. '
MOXEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
. Ciamcods. pearls and precious stones bought
«t \V. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Bt.
WHITE enamel iroa beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A— If vourha'.r is railing or you are bald, call ca
Dr.G.S.Moore,a32 O'Farrell ;»end for circular.
EUPERFLUOUS hair end moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS- EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" experience. J. B. Ray, 457 Minna st.
1ILECTRIC needle specialist:' superfluous hair
end moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE, German epeclalist. removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st., corner Mason.
l^rs. Brirgs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
TAILOR-MADE cults. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electrlc-llcht baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. C33 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric nee<31e.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,117O Market.-
ALFEEDU11S Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instaatly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE coirturoes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
£>R. LAMOTTE"S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. £3c; all drug-gists.
Phone Grant 197.
311SUTTER ST.
HOTHOUSE ROSES. FRESH.
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER DOZ.
SWEET PEAS. 10c PER BUNCH.
SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
POWER— In this city. April 28. 1902. J. W.
Power, a native of Michigan, aged 60 years.
SEWELL — In this city. April 29. 1002. Newton
Sewell. father of Mrs. Mollie Jones, and
¦¦ Amos F. and Edward N. Sewell. a native of
: Wilmington, Ohio, aged 80 years and 7
*. months. ¦ ¦ ..** ;
SPREEN— In this city. April 29. 1902. Marie.
beloved wife ot Christoph Spreen. and mother
of Willie Voss. a native of Germany, aged
60 years 5 months and 19 days. ;
SITTENFELD— In this city. April 29. • 1902.
Stanley, beloved and only ¦ son of Max and
Auguste Slttenfeld. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 3 months and 8 days.
TEVIS— In this city, April 29. 1902. at her
- residence. 1316 Taylor street, Susan G.,
widow of the late Lloyd Tevis.
(ETNotlce.of funeral hereafter.
TILLY— In this city, April 29, 1902, Bernard
TUly. a native of . Germany, aged 50 years.
VIGNEAU— In San Jose. Asril 28. 1902. Gab-
riel Vlgneau, a native of Ison. France, aged
30 years. «9t40 yirtTWUWWatpWH
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
. family residence. 99 North Market ' street.
Wednesday. April 30. at 2:30 o'clock.
WHEELER— In this city. April 29. 1902,
Henry, beloved husband of Catherine Wheel-
er, and father of Nellie and Lizzie Wheel-
er, a native of Brooklyn. N. Y., aged 52
years 11 months - and 17 days. * .
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-Invited to attend the funeral services.
Wednesday. April 30. 1902. at 10:30 o'clock,
at the funeral parlor* of Smiley & Gallagher.
2325 Santa Clara avenue. Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain .View Cemetery. <¦
JOHNSON— In this city, April 28. 1902, Fred-
erick L. Johnson, dearly beloved son of the
late Charles and Ellen Johnson, and brother
of Charles and Frank Johnson and Mrs. Wil-
liam Nolting, a native of San Francisco. .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at '8:13 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Peter's Church for services
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
JOHNSON— In this city. April 29, 1902. Harry
Johnson, beloved son of N. W. and Mamie
Johnson, a native of .San Francisco, aged
¦ 1 year and 1 month. .'
JONES— In this city. April 29. 1902. Caroline
Jones, beloved wife of H. C. Jones, and
•mother of John J. Jones and Mrs. J. A.
Freis. a native of Indiana, . aged 6S years 3
months and 8 days.
KERGAN— In Santa Rooa. April 29. 1902.
Emma, beloved wife of Dr. J. A. Kergan.
a native of Canada, aged 30 years and 10
, ' months. ' : - -
(7 Remains at the parlors of Porter &
White. 122 Eddy street. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
LARSEN— In the City. and County Hospital.
April 29. 1902, Hans Larsen, a native of
Norway, aged 32 years.
MAATTA— In Alameda, April 28, 1902. Anna
Maatta. a native of Finland, aged 49 years
2 months and 2 days. . "•
MOLTER — In this city. April 27. 1902. Lena,
beloved wife of Charles Molter. and mother'
of Paul Molter.- a native of Germany, aged- 13
.-years .2 months and. 8 .-days. . ' . '
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. April 30, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr-& -Co.. 1137. Mission street,
between Seventh and " Eighth. -Interment
' Mount Olivet Cemetery. ;
MULLER — In this city, : April 29. 1902. Charles
Marcel, beloved son of Florentine E. Muller
and of the late Guy C. Muller, brother of
Floretta i Muller, and grandson of Constant
'Marchand and Jean Muller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 13 years and 3 months. .
C7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the mass Friday,
May 2. 1902. at 9:30 o'clock, which will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at tha
French Church of Notre Dam* des.Vlctolrea.
Bush street. Remains at the residence of his
mother, 32^ Willow avenue, near Polk
street. Interment strictly private, St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
MUNTER— In Trail, B. C April 28. 1902.
William, beloved father of Leo Munter. a
native of Germany..
NIXON— Richard Nixon, beloved husband of
Amelia Nixon, and father ef Richard . 8.
Nixon, a native of Glasgow, Scotland, agea
71 years. ¦ V -----
ty Funeral Thursday morning, from, hit
late residence. Elmhurst.
PARKINSON — In Colma, San Mateo County.
April 29, 1902, Thomas, dearly beloved hus-
band of Margaret Parkinson, and father of
Robert, Richard, Edward, George, Thomas
and - John Parkinson, a native of County
Fermanagh. Ireland, aged 59 years. (New
York - papers please copy.)
: the - residence of . Mrs. ¦ I. Baron, 457 Fell
street. Interment strictly private. Flowers
will not be accepted. .
JANS— In Alameda, April 26, 1902, Marie Jans.
. widow of. the. late Obbe Jans, a native of
Bavaria, aged 72 years. -
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO."
C3S MARKET STREET.
. AUCTION.
AUCTION. !
rop( . n . v AUCTION.
JUiusOAT ........MAY 0 1902.
At Our Salesroom. No." 63s" Market Bt.. '
At 12 O'clock Noon. ,
W v' S I? u N ADDITION INCOME PROPERTY.
«- « « * lne <Nos - 1226-1228) Golden Gate ave.,
„ ¦" feet ca *t of Flllmore; two fine residences
oi b rooms and bath each in first-class condi-
Jr<"^L- v^ ry deslra -ble neighborhood; sunny side
$L f , e to Golden Gate Park; rents
$9WI per annum; lot 30x100 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. - -
5outheast line (Nos. 821-321^-323-323%) Te-
nsraa st., 200 feet northeast of Fourth; four
substantial, well-built flats of 4-3 rooms each
ana a rear, cottage of 3 rooms: rents $G50 per
annum; lot 35x80 feet.
• PROBATE SALE. •
Estate of James A. Johnson, deceased.
Subject to confirmation of Superior Court.
S°, utb ' !a8t line (Nos. 27-29-31-33) . Shipley st.,
3C2& feet northeast of Fourth: six well-built
nata of 4-5 rooms each; rents $C72 per annum;
lot 41:21.4x69 feet. »
PROBATE SALE.
South of Market Investment.
Estate of James McCarthy, deceased.
Southeast line (No. 211) Shipley st., 91:8
feet southwest of Fifth; improvements consist
or a house of 8 rooms, and under instructions
from the executors, must be sold; lot 16:8x75
feet.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS.
North line of Waller st.. 34 feet east ot
snrader; two fine lots ready for building; very
desirably located and close to Golden Gate Park
electric and cable cars; lots 25x100 feet each.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North line (No. 738) Hayes st.. - 143:« .feet
*est of Buchanan; large, well-built house 9
rooms, bath and finished basement; excellent
condition; large lot, 25x120 feet. running
through to Ivy ave.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South line (Nos. 1223-1223%) Green st.. 160:5
feet east of Larkin; two well-built flats of 5-4
rooms, in first-class condition; lot 22:11x77:6
feet.
MISSION CORNER FLATS.
Southwest corner (Nos. S663-3663%) Eight-
eenth and Oakwood ets., between Guerrero and
Dolores; two well-built flats of 6-6 rooms and
bath; renting for $510 per annum.
v f EST^ RN AD DITION FLATS.
*J^»Jl? e **£?!£ 1412-1412%) Larkin ct.. 107 ¦
jeet. north .of California; two modern well-built
flats of i-6 rooms and bath each; rents S7S0
per annum; lot 30:6x100 feet. ¦
«§>% Mass sssai tf^ys
building; will subdivide; lots 40x228 feetl
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER
„ .. LOT. -
,^°I thwcst corner of Central ave. and Fulton
St.; fine comer lot. suitable for store and flats
.S5:«HS t & ttat 1S ra * dly Crov'ng^ot
eJli^ K3^^-ave rT^ B feet
~R SSfe^
Stna s syjsr with =
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO
; 638 Market 'st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.." r ~^ "
{ . 63S Market street.
$26 ( 500-Three modern flats of 8-8-9 rooms and
J«th each; north of Market st.; only
three blocks from Market and Powell
Ssf :S e fcetf° P ?20 °° per . annum : "? 25
$14.600-Three elegant flats of 6-6-7 rooms and
bath; Just completed; all latest mod-
em improvements; elegant fixtures; up
to aate plumbing; substantially built •
near Buchanan and California sts.;
HS™ t0 exce Ptionally fine' tenants for
$1500 per annum; lot 20x137:6.
$15,000— California St., near Polk; grand key
lot " 5°£liF :6 feet : old improvements
pay $1020 per annum; grand site, for
a family hotel; would consider trade
of a Western Addition residence as
part payment.
$14,000—60 feet on Sixth St.; 25 feet on Morris
ave., rear street, 165 feet deep; near
Harrison St.; present old improve-
ments pay over 6 per cent; this Is the
cheapest property on 6th St., and has
a grand future.
$45,000 — Sutter St., near Stockton; lot 37:6x100
feet.
$7,250— Store and two flats; well built; In good
condition; new plumbing; on N. side
of Folsom Bt.. near 7th; rents $630 per
annum; lot 25x90 feet.
$8,000— Three new modern flats on 'the best
part of Ashbury st. ; rents $870 per an-
num; these are gilt-edge flats rented
to first-class tenants; lot 25x106:6 ft.
$6,000— Modern two-story house of 7 rooms
and bath; on Clay st., near Flllmore;
• ' key lot. 25x137:6 feet.
$3.500 — Filbert st.. near Hyde; house of 6
rooms and bath; well built; brick
foundation, etc.; lot 22:6x137:6 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
HAIGHT and Flllmore sts., northwest corner;
transfer point; 150x137:6. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD, San Anselmo.
PROPOSALl. ~^
CUSTOM-HOUSE. San Francisco, Cal., Col-
lector's Office. April 28, 1902. — Supplies for
Revenue Vessels.— Sealed proposals for sup-
plying rations and coal to , vessels of the
United States Revenue Cutter Service, regu-
larly stationed, or temporarily, at San Fran-
cisco. Cal., and delivered on board said ves-
sels at that place during the fiscal year end-
In? June 30, 1903, will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. ¦ m. of Tuesday, May
13, ' 1902. at which time and place they will
be publicly opened. The coal furnished to be
anthracite or. bituminous of best quality:
uniform in character; to weigh 2240 pounds to
the ton; to be delivered on board the vessels
at such times and in such quantities as may
be required, at localities readily accessible to
said vessels, and to be subject to inspection
as to quality and weight. Bidders. will name
the prices both for steaming and stove coal,
and also their facilities for furnishing the
vessels with fresh water, and their charges
therefor. Blank forms of. proposals, with
schedules showing component - parts of • ra-
tions, may be had upon application to this
office; proposals must be submitted on these
forms. Separate bids will also be received
at the same time and place for lubricating
and llluminatlngr oils. The rlg*t is reserved
to reject any or all bids, and no proposal will
be accepted until Congress shall have made
an appropriation .for the • purpose. F. S.
STRATTON, Collector. V '
ANNUAL Supplies for United States Marine
Corps — Headquarters U. S. Marine ¦ Corps,
Quartermaster's Office. Washington. D. C,
April 17. 1902.— Sealed proposals, in. dupli-
cate, will be received at this office until noon
on May 19. 1902, and then be publicly
opened, for furnishing ice . at Washington,
D. C. : fuel at San Francisco. Cal.; rations
and laundry work at lona Island. N. Y..
and rations, fuel, forage and laundry work
at Portsmouth. N. H. ; Boston, Mass.; New-
rort. R. I.; Brooklyn. N. Y.; Philadelphia,
Pa. : Annapolis, Md. ; Washington. D. C. :
Norfolk, Va.; Port Royal. S. C.i Dry Tor-
tugas, Fla. ; Pensacola. Fla. ; Mare Island.
Cal., and Bremerton, Wash. Proposal
blanks and other ' information . can be - ' ob-
tained upon, application to this office, to the
Commanding Officers, Marine Barracks, at
the . above, named stations, the Assistant
' Quartermaster, U. S: " Marine Corps, '. 1100
Bouth Broad street, Philadelphia, Pa.. ' and
the Acting Assistant Quartermaster. 40 El-
lis street. San- Francisco,- Cal." This office
reserves the right to reject any or. all bids
and to waive Informalities. Acceptance of
Md* to be subject to necessary appropria-
tions by Congress. Bids from regular deal-
ers only will be considered. C. L. McCAW-
LEY. Major. A. Q. M., and Acting Quarter-
roaster. U. S. Marine Corps. : . - t . ;. ;.*•':
POSTOFFICE Department, Washington. D. C.
March 28. 1902. — Mail Catchers and Deliver-
ers Intended for the :• Purpose of Effecting the
Kxchange of -Mails with- Moving ¦, Trains. —
Sealed proposals from patentees or -their as-
signees for the sale or use of ". patented -. de-
vices Intended to effect the exchange of malls
¦with moving trains will be received at > this
Department until noon on ' Wednesday, . the
20th of August, 1902. All proposals must be
- made in accordance with the • specifications,'
which can be obtained from the Second As-
sistant Postmaster General. H. C. PAYNE,
Postmaster General. \ .¦¦:.. -. , ; ¦ - • .
-..-: PALMISTRY. - ..",;;';"¦¦;
FREE readings to the first 3 callers daily this
week; Mrs. K. Pearce, scientific business
palmist, 104 Turk, r. 28; 10 a. m.-to 9 p. 1 m.
MME. G. L. NEEROAARD reads luo 4. 700
Poft St.. corner of Jones; phonq Polk 837.' .'..-'
H.- JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist.. OH
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post. tel. Black Sfll.
r AIJTTKRS AA'D , DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; painting* & tinting done.
¦ Hartroan Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low'rates; get figures. J.
C. KOMAINE, 640 G. G.'ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
lEAIi ' ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
AUCTION!
:, AT: AUCTION— AT . AUCTION! \
Extraordinary Auction Sale Without Limit or
Reserve. , .
3ATURDAT....MAY 10th, 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
AT LIBRARY HALL, . ' a
I SAN MATEO,
-Opposite the Depot.
97 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS. .
. 07 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOT8. »
. IN SA-N MATEO PARK. '-...¦':„
The most beautiful suburban park on . the
peninsula. • :
Each lot consists of about one acre of ground
bordered with beautiful shade trees.
Terms — 1-3 cash/balance can be paid In one
"San Mateo Park," formerly the celebrated
"Clark Tract," and owned by the same parties
since 1868, has recently : been subdivided , into
suburban home lots averaging about one acre
each. -Wide and winding avenues have been
laid out and thousands of costly shade trees
border the property.; ¦¦ , , ¦ '
San Mateo is the ideal suburban residence
property . adjoining San Francisco,- being onlj
14 miles distant from the city's southern limit,
with many trains to and fro each day. Actual
time at present 45 minutes, soon to be 30 min-
utes by the bay shore line; • Suburban electric
trains will shortly be In operation betweer
San Francisco and San Mateo, running half-
hourly. ' . ' ' . . •_. ,
- San Mateo Park only 10 minutes' walk f rOn-
the ¦ railroad ' station is situated on:the cunnj
slope's of gently rolling ground commanding
&\ enchanting view, surrounded i by • beautlf u
homes, grounds,' drives; etc., -and this sale ¦¦ af-
fords one of the greatest opportunities to seek-
ers of suburban homes that -will be offered foi
many years. ; ¦- .
San Mateo ls a place of ideal homes, com-
manding, as it does, all the conveniences of thi
city with the comfort and pleasures of thi
country.
San Mateo has many attractions uneqiialec
by -any other suburban locality. The educa
tional facilities are abundant. Public schools
kindergartens and private high class academies
for boys and girls.
There are a number of churches of differed
denominations. : ¦ ¦
The beautiful cottages and mansions, vas;
estates, well-kept grounds, the trees, shrubberj
and flowers, everywhere to be seen, the mam
delightful drives and.the beach for bathing an
but a few of its most charming attractions.
Don't miss this opportunity. Purchase a lo
for your cottage, your bungalow or your villa
• Excursion rate 60 cents for the round trip
including lunch. . . . »
Special trains leave Third and Townsend sts
on Saturday, May 10, at 0, 10:30 and 11 -3(
a, m., returning from San Mateo at 3:27 4:31
5:23 and 6:40 p.m. -
Catalogues, maps and full Information at thi
office of
' BALDWIN & HOWELL, :
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
JOSEPH STRAUB, Real Estate Agent,
850 Market St.; telephone Grant 177.
RENTS COLLECTED. -
$3,000 — 2-story- house, 6 rooms and bath; or
Clementina St., nr. 6th; lot 20x80.
$3,500 — 2 cottages on Filbert St.. nr. Fillmore
lot 20:8x120; two frontages. - '
$35,000 — Best opportunity to-day; 12 flats ant
residence with stable; pays 0 per cent
owner must leave on account of sickness
$6.000 — 2-story house of 6 rooms j and bath
basement, laundry, garden; everythlnj
in good order; lot 25x92; Buchanan st.
$8,500 — Jackson st., nr. Baker; 3 modern flats
rents $81 50 per month. ¦ (
$10,000— Bay-window house of 3 modern flats
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; or
Scott St., near Gearyi worth $12,000.
$2,400 — Cottage of 6 rooms; fruit trees In rear
lot 25x100; at 26th and' Harrison.
$350 — Corner lot, near 34th and Mission sts.
25x75.
$250 each — Four lots, 25x75, near 34th anc
Mission sts. . -
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished; loi
120x300; price $2000.
Yountville, Napa Co. — 15-acre ranch; vineyard
and .complete wine < outfit; ' house of !
rooms and bath; horses, cows, chickens
etc.; $8000.
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
SAN FRANCISCO.
350S Mission st.; store and. living, rooms
price $2200; small payment down, balance sam<
as rent." ' .
1819 16th ave.; S-room house; good lot; prici
$S00; $50 down, balance same as rent.- ¦ .
211 De"Montford aye.. Incleslde: ; lot BOx'l'25*
7-room cottage; chicken-houses and barn; one
block from car line: price $1500; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent.
SUNNYSIDE. .
26 Circular ave. : flat of 5 rooms and store
store rents for $8;. price $1250; no pay mem
down; came as rent.
414 Forester ave.; C-room cottage; price $850
no payment down; monthly payment. $1100
I also have a few houses to rent.
A. E. RUDELL. 301 California st.
REAL ESTATE: COUSTRY— For Sale
J ALAMEDA COUNTY^ " " *'¦"¦¦''
$10,000 — 160 acres, townsite Altamont, all It
cultivation; 8 dwellings, 6, 7 and I i
rooms; store building; saloon build
ing; large bcrn and other buildings
all fenced; church and school oi
property. (251)
$5,000 — 320 acres ' farming and hay land;, hal;
mile from Altamont; all- under w!r«
fence; 4-room dwelling, barn and out-
buildings; well and windmill; hall
mile from school. (250)
BUTTE COUNTY.
$25,000 — 977 acres choice farming: land; good
for. grain and fruit; near two towni
and 12 miles from Orovllle; every foo
tillable. (262)
$26,400 — 2400 acres choice orange and fig land
outskirts of Oroville, overlooking Sac-
ramento Valley; 2200 acres" can be Ir-
rigated ; splendid tract for coloniza-
tion; this land In small tracts li
worth $25 per acre. . (274) : •
' PLACER COUNTY. . -
$12,300—320 acres fine farm; all growing crop!
Included; half mile from Rose vilip; 1(
miles from Sacramento; 160 acres It
oats, 60 acres wheat, family orchard
good 7-room house, barn /and ' " out-
buildings, windmill and tank: wate!
piped to house and barn; fenced int<
5 fields; $5000 cash, balance at 8 pei
cent. (273) ' .
$1,600 — 115 acres, half mile from Applegate
rolling land; all fenced; county read
-vi through place; • 6-room house, barm
and outbuildings; water piped tc
,' . house; all under irrigation; 4 acre!
vineyard, 63 apple trees, 45 peach,- 1!
plumE, 100 white fig, 10 French wal-
nut trees, all in full bearing; 4 acres
natural meadow; plenty oak and pln«
timber. (272) ,
SHASTA COUNTY. '
$35,000 — 3267 acres stcck ranch, level land; 4
miles from ' Burney postofflce; al
fenced Into fields; 2-acre orchard; *
farmhouses, 5 . barns; about '.half if
meadow and irrigated - land ; ' plenty ol
water to irrigate whole tract. (275)
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY. • ¦ : '
$1,500 — 15% acres level land, all In 7-year-
old trees; . 1300 choice- almond*, 7J
peach, 75 apricot, one-eighth acre ta-
ble grapes, few Bartlett pears • and
; assorted fruits; . 4-room house, gooc;
'• condition; good barn,. good water, well
and tank; -2 miles from • Oakley, or
Santa Fe. (276) ;.-.; v
- MISCELLANEOUS FARM LANDS. 1 ,,
We have a large list of farms and ranches
in Butte, Sacramento, San Joaquin, Sonoma,
Yolo, Contra Costa, Napa; Santa Cruz, Santa
Clara and Alameda counties; which we will
cheerfully furnish to prospective buyers. *
. TIMBER LANDS. '
$5, COO — 560. acres timber tract in P'.uroas
¦ / County, and 14 miles from Susanville,
. ¦ ' Lassen County; about one-third sugai
, ' pine, one-third yellow pine, one-thlro
' fir and cedar; will cut - about 5O.00C
feet per acre; . this is . a decided bar-
gain. (271)
AMERICAN - GUARANTY AND , TRUST CO.,
(Land Dept.) -..-:.. Hayward bldg.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
- San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric can
pass property; nice 2-story. house, substantial
outbuildings, ¦< stable, barns, chicken-houses,
. .well-cultivated, bearing . orchard ; of flneal
" semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MOR1ARTY, owner. Elmhurst.
600 ACRES at a bargain; fine' land;* no adobe 1
oak trees: very best of Improvements; goo<J
•water, supply; ad joining railroad station; 11
.trains each way dally; Just the place to «ub.
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
— i-FOR BALE NEAR ¦ SAN j FRANCISCO—
Email tracts, $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
: Cotatl,' Sonoma Co. ; future value assured as
-Ban Francisco is growing, rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general -farming;* Apply
- to : The i Cotatl , Co.. . 302 • California st., for
.. pamphlets. and. information. -¦•. , ..-.-.-'. \ , " -•
A ¦ SNAP— Finest country home In San Matte
County;' 23 acres of -.beautiful grounds; , ele-
. 'gant residence/barns, etc.; % mile trom sta-
, tlon; 29 jmllea from city; 20 daily; trains.
;GEO.W.. LOVIE, Redwood City. , . ,y-..-.
CASH ' for -your country, or ¦ suburban I property.
'Land DeDt., American. Guaranty and Trust
• Co., Hayward . building, . ¦.-,:¦ ' . . , ..- ¦ -^
PROFITABLE oranKe." lemon, peach and prune
¦-; lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 027. Mkt.. r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose >nd^ Peninsular
. properties.- See WOOSTER. ,. WHITTON .; ft
MONTGOMERY.; 634, Market. S. F., & San J.
CHOICE country." landa : for ¦ sale." Land" Dept.;
- AmerlcanGuaranty&Trust 'Co.. Hayward bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,'
_ ALA!»HBDAREALrE STATE. ; ';>
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! . BARGaStsT^T^t"'
$1200 1 buys . a - good i cottage, • 4 ¦¦ rooms -'and
bath; lot 50x150; a. snap. -. • ' •¦ ' ;
$2500 buys S-room house; lot 35x150; a bar-
gee the ALAMEDA LAND: CO..; J
. . ' \ 1500 Park it,. Alameda.,
Homes built, rented and exchanged... ;
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. V'' .'<
REAL. ESTATE BARGAINS.
D. A: WENTWORTH.. West Berkeley.-- ;
$2000 — Just building; modern up-to-date 3-
• room cottage with electric light fixtures; fine
U corner lot, 50x100; cement ¦ > sidewalks; r both
j streets improved; excellent < location; , sunny
corner.' , '.'¦".' • . '¦'¦' '¦' . ' ¦ '
$2000 — On ¦ improy ed ' street ; " close ; to • f urnl-
: ture factory; 2-story building with store sult-
. "¦-, able for any business.- ;
. $1850— Modern 5- room house in Hay wards,
-including lot 200x125;. also a fine variety of
- flowers, berries, fruit trees; and , good well,
. 'tank, etc. - - ¦'¦.-¦¦ - ' , ...¦ ;'
$1400— Modern cottage; .big: lot; good : lo-
cation; close to electric and steam cars. ¦'•¦'¦>¦
$1000— Just ¦¦ built; -modern .4-room and
bath; . lot 60x125; close to R. ; R. ; ,
: $900 — Cottage of 5 rooms; lot IK)xl25; good
- well and mill ; J5treet. work complete ; excel-
lent location. - ¦'*,"-. ':.::
• " $800 — Store and 5 living rooms; lot 50x130;
"street work complete; % -block to cars and
. business street; j .. ¦ '¦"¦ . .
. $150 and up-^-Flne-bulldlng lots. ... . -
Make your, own, terms. : This is a special
list of bargains. Now Is your opportunity. :.
• D. A.* WENTWORTH,'. West Berkeley.
Real Estate and Insurance ; Broker. r •
$2750^FIne new modern I house, ' 8 rooms and
bath; large lot" 60x120. feet; street work all
done; good- view of ;the « bay and .• of. :the
-mountains; no .finer, "more sheltered or sun-
nier location in Berkeley; east of the local.
E. J, STEWART & CO.,
... .. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500— NEW 9-room house, '-all modern Im-
provements; large corner lot; near the sta-
tion and electric R. R. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley, Station. ';
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath,
' etc. :: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
BERKELEY HOUSES' TO LET.
FOR rent—^New house, -J 8 -rooms. •¦ near -U.- C. ;
2437 Warring st. Inquire at 2211 Haste st.
FRUITYALEADVERTISEMEKTS
FRPITYALB KBAli , KST . ATg
W. E RUDELL, cor. Frultvale ave. and Wash-
ington St.. Fruitvale. Cal. ;.--.-.¦ ;
s 800 — House 3 rooms, high basement ; good
• ¦ sewer and city water; large barn; lot
30x105 feet; corner; all fenced;"* 4 blocks
¦• from station; $100 cash, balance 58 40
per month.
% 850— Cottage ' of " 3 rooms; good well and
, pump; lot 102x140, with privilege of
buving adjoining land ; $50 . cash, : bal-
' .ance $10 80 per month.' .• -
$1,000 — House 5 rooms and. bath; lot 112x112;
- barn; % mile from station; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month. ....
$1,100 — House 5 large -rooms; lot 45x145; all
fenced; .100 cash, balance $12 • per
month; near Allendale. ., . ¦ ¦
$1,100— House of 4 -rooms; city, water and 'good
• -. sewer; patent closet; < chicken houses;
"-• fruit trees, -berry bushes and flowers;
; "'.'¦-. ¦ summer house ; ; lot ¦ . 35x147 ; $50 cash,
balance $12 per month.
$1,200 — New house,- 4 rooms, grained in oak;
: lot 50x174; city water; $200 cash, bal-
- ance $12. per month. . . . ¦ ¦•'.;
$1,600 — Houee 5 rooms and- bath; lot 50x104;
$21 per month, will buy this home;
Forest Park. ' ,
$1,700— Modern house, 5 rooms and bath; half
block from school; 1. block from car
' line; 4 blocks from station; nice barn;
city water; lot 35x124; $200 cash, bal-
- ance $18 per month. •
$1,800— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
- all. furnished;- high ~ basement; " good
brick foundation: city water; bearing
, fruit trees; two chicken houses; lot 175
., xl50; all fenced and cross fenced; fine
. place for raising chickens; $300 cash,
balance $18 per month, which includes
principal, interest and : taxes; . if you
want a nice home this will suit- you.
$4,700 — Beautiful suburban home in Frultvale,
consisting of 2% acres of fine soil; 1
.acre In bearing, orchard; ornamental
' ' grounds, with gravel driveway; abun-
-. . dance of flowers and fruit trees; modern
.- ¦ house of 7 rooms. and bath; porcelain
tub: all open and nickel-plated plumb-
. , ing; -fine brick mantel;, large '.verandas;
barn, stable; good well; 'windmill and
tank; tank house;"fancy chicken and
¦ -. pigeon houses; terms cash.
-" WT E. v RUDEEL7 Prultvare aveV-" and Wash-
ington st. Office hours, 8 a. in. to 6 p. m.,
Sundays Included. -'• ¦/ . .. ¦
THE cheapest five-acre ranch ever offered In
Frultvale; 2 acres full-bearing fruit; fine
buildings ; chicken houses, • etc. ; land ls i the
¦ very best; must sell- at once. - •¦ ¦¦; ¦••¦ ¦
..,',;. ; .'. . E. J. STEWART & CO., V
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR ' salfr^-5' acres, Rose ave. and High st V
Frultvale. A; R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
oaklandIdvertisements.
OFFICt:— 1118 ¦ BROA D W A Y.
ReA^ESTATeI
$2300— ONCE SOLD FOR $44Oo7~™~~~~
Lot 40x140; elevated ground; near business
center, cars, schools, etc. ; house : of .five
rooms In splendid order; elegant dining room
and kitchen;, finished in basement; large
barn; in a high-toned neighborhood ;"> terms
$500 cash; balance on mortgage ; owner non-
resident and ' has - Instructed us to sell with-
out reserve; a positive bargain; seeing . ls
believing; ' call early.
J. S. MYERS,. 1002 Broadway.
; Oakland, i Cal. .
$3600— TO DUPLICATE WOULD COST $4200.
•' A new seven- room . house; -only .been occu-
c pied one year; In perfect repair; an ideal
beauty -in, architectural design and finish;
only three blocks from the . local i train and
business center; large lot; terraced lawn; in-
terior finish In imitation of rare wood; .pan-
eled dining -room and beamed celling; slda
boards, bookcases, writing desks, r etc., in
dining room ; space too expensive to extol its
: many qualities.; Owner's occupation com-
pels ' him ¦ to leave - the city and ; prefers to
sell Instead of renting. - ' . .
J; S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, •
- • ' . ' -'. Oakland, Cal,
$4700— COR. 20TH AND WEBSTER. .
An ideal colonial house; 7 rooms and bath;
' the very latest In everything; large lot; «
new houses sold in this location and only
: thisone left; terms $1000 cash; .price'is at
least $1000 below, the; present market .value
on account' ot rise in material and ground
J. S.. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Ci ; SV,'U-'- . . .' ¦-¦• .' ¦' . -¦ Oakland. Cal. .
. Note — We have other choice g Investments
•which are ' not advertised. Carriages . and
courteous clerks at your disposal free of
charge. - ' ' ¦¦ •••¦-(
. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
: - --•¦" . . . - .--.;.. Oakland. . Cal.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET. ,
' TO let for 3or!4 months, completely and ele-
gantly' furnished double cottage, 7-rooms, In
East Oakland; large corner lot 150x150; gar-
den; - fruit :¦ treys; Address box 1413, Call.
OAKLAKD FURNITURE FOR '.; SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap. this
SCHELLHAA9. 403 Eleventh st., Oakland. <
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APARTMENTS for light housekeeptngT~furnTsh-
B ed sunny suit, with kitchen; all modern im-
provements; bath; telephone; $10 to $20 suite.
.ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna sts.
ARIEL and : solar flats, 525-531 Turk— Hot and
• cold water baths, ' electric : lights : free; fur-
nished or unfur.; tel.-. East' 312,> Sutter 41. *
BELL. ; (The),v 1773 * Market— Sunny suites, with
-¦ kitchen, gap or coal stove,' $12 to $20. :»' ,; e-
BIRCH ave.;f 615-^-3- rooms, , unfurnished, for
" i housekeeping; •rent,$7.- Apply. 042 Grove st.
BRODERICK. ' 1924— 3 desirable .furnished
. housekpg rooms;: coal and gas range; bath.
BUCHANAN, BOO.near Fell— Furnished house-
¦'¦! keeping rooma, $15; bath; gas ; • phone. j, .;«-,¦-» ;
BUSH, ' 1001,'. cor. jJones-r-Van' Nuys; ; modern
: f urn. and unfurn," suites; new house; "hot and
| cold J water: 'baths ; electric , lights ; , first-class.
EDDY, .'724 "'(middle 'flat)— Fino .front '¦'¦ room,
-! newly, and- well; furnished ; suhallday; ihot
', and cold s water, .bath,* phone, • v/ith 2 other
1 • well-furnished . rooms,", all complete for house-
' keeping; every i convenience ; , seo them; - suit-
.. .able for 2 or 4 adults; reasonable. ': ;
ELLIS,' 802—2" housekeeping" rooms,
"_Iarge stinny,' front' room. :¦,-,..-¦. '¦ ; . ¦ .
FOLSOM, 1 . 830— Large ." front j rooms ' for t house-
- : .:.- keeping cheap; sunny.- quiet home. -,' ' -• V...
GOLDEN GATE ave,; C22— Sunny . bay-window
,; -;: suite, . 2 • large : rooms ; ;> bath, v gas,^ range,;; etc..
GOLDEN GATK ' ave.,1 1005— 3 < nicely furnished
.!: ¦ rms. ; . bath ; ' gas ; i water ; ; phor.e ; private ;; reas.
GROVE, -104,' near Polk-^Furnlshed front suite
,;i rooms . for , housekeeping, . $1B .per month." ' , t
HOWARD,''- 628-^-Sunny;' housekeeping ' rooms.
<i Inquire '. at [ 251% Tehama » st, ; MRS.' . LADAR ;
rear. 'I '.;;'-. -V ;¦'. J \'r' •''¦; •¦ .,. ¦".'"-:=•¦:
HOWARD,-: 1068.-;"' bet. «th and 7th— Sunny
. housekeeping ¦ rooms ; all . conveniences; ; rent
moderate... • .• " ' - - :•,-• - :
ROOMS is FOR ; nOCsiEiKEEPING-— Con.
HOWARD,' 1214—2 or 3 large sunny : furnished
¦ , •'. or unfurnished housekeeping. rooms. '.'. .
MINNA, -":'. 514," near' Sixth— Furnished house-
' ! keeping. rooms. -1/.' ¦ wV. , • • ' >./ i: ~ . "¦ -
OCTAVIA,"-, 1151—2 beautiful sunny housekpg.
: : suites; gas ranges, run, water, phone; : cheap.
OCTAVIA; 1403," cor. Geary— Sunny front room
with kitchen;' bay-window; gas stove; $0. ' ¦'
OAK, 118 ft— Elegantly . furnished " sunny parlor
suite; piano; complete for housekeeping;. also
; : one: large , housekeeping room.., . ' ,
POLK, 1839—2 sunny, .housekeeping rooms;
V bath; .phone; ; gas; 312. ; : ¦¦ .' -..
POAVELL i 41574 — 2 i unfurnished * rooms, • suita-
¦'•; bit, for housekeeping; -in rear. ;-¦--"•• ¦
POWELL. -OlO-^ housekeeping rooms; -top
;' floor; adults.' • : .. .; : . 1^'
SEVENTH, 178 — 2 nicely, furnished' housekeep-
- Ing rooms ; ; stationary tubs ; large yard.
STANYAN, 1128—3 sunny ' furnished . front
¦ housekeeping rooms; .near park: reasonable.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model house; newly furn.
single, double , hskpg. j rms. ; free '¦ gas ; bath.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3720, near , Dolores— Sunny
•¦-.; bay-window rooms; • nice, neat,'- complete. ''.
TWO : or three nicely furnished '¦ housekeeping
rooms. ." 705 Clayton st. -" ».-¦'; .'-.•'--.'- j_J_-
ItOOMS ; TO LET— Furn. and Pnfnrny
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New. elegant,
sunny; 75c- day upward; rates by week' or
r month; McAllister cars . to door; handsomest
grill room inCallfornla attached. -.';. ' ¦ .
A— BRUNSWICK House.' 14S ' Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all' night..
AT Grand Southern,^"th and Mission—Changed
hands; " 100 • rooms newly renovated; 506 to
?1 60 night; |2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator. >
A— EDINBURGH, ; 239 Powell., corner '.Geary—
- Sunny.- rms. ; : single, | double ; mod. I conven' ces.
A — VENDOME, 1104 Market^Changed hands ;
, renovated; furn. suites. Mrs., V..W. Miller.:
ALL cholce'neat sunny suites or Singles; day.
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT.- 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsHed rms., suites, : single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, HOB — Pleasant room -for 'gentleman;
•running water ; 15 minutes Call , office ; $9. ;
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
' ELLIS, 321: (Mozart)— -Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
81 50 night; $1 60,. $6 week; open all night.
! ELLIS, 1 843— Nicely ; . furnished cleanly kept
rooms; no i cards; call and see them. • ¦:•
GEARY '405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
.' ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN wants a < gentleman to share
• : • with him a large suite of rooms i in a first-
class' family hotel. Address L. H.. C. 26
Montgomery St., room .14. .
LRAVENWORTH, 1 ' 1519^-Large sunny front
room, nicely furnished; rent $8. . . >.. ¦
i MCALLISTER, 320 — Large, comfortable rooms,
-. with housekeeping, privileges. ¦ y ' :
; Me ALLISTER, - 907 — Nicely furnished sunny
' room; German family ;. $4 month. : ... .
MINNA, 667. corner Sth — Newly furnished bay-
, window room; $1 per week; transient. r
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny . furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 129A. near Orpheum— Nicely fur-
. nfshed front and back parlors; en suite or
. single ; others. . ¦ . : •
O'FARRELL, '. 426, near . Jones — House Just
changed hands; newly renovated; reasonable.
O'FARREL,' 914 — Neatly furnished, sunny al-
cove front room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
; reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, . per night, 35c to $1 50; week, ?2
1 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on- ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at,
• near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
THE Earl ; House, 310 Stockton — Under new
: . management; ; elegantly -furnished sunny
rooms single '-or en suite: day, week or
' ~ month; elevator;: hot and cold water; bath.
TO Let— Sunny furnished . room, near . Cali-
1 fornia and -Hyde st. cars; 15 minutes' walk
' from Market and Kearny sts.; rent $S per
month. .Box 1475. .Call. . - r ': ,
. TURK. 543, near Polk — Large front room;
I grate, gas and bath; $3 B0 per week. -..-¦.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
| subscriptions -has been established at 1000
¦ Valencia st. --¦•:¦ ;-, - - •.'..« '• ,- . ..
i ' ROOMS AND ' BOARD. '
THE CORBIN. 836 Sutter— Elegant cor. suite
•" single" T6<Jms;-table,'.flrst-class;-' phone
' •¦-PoHt'- 4 l°8.----- :"¦ -¦•'- -¦¦ -.•': ' .. ¦ < : .:.-> - ¦¦¦¦ .'¦ ¦
• CALIFORNIA. 807 , (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
i family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
\ IBVINGDALE, 626 "* Eddy— Sunny rooms, en
suite. or single;- good. table; reasonable..
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
, : furnished suites or single ;. steam heat. "
1 VAN : NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
| .suites; single rooms ;, first-class table board.
VAN NESS ave./ 915 — Sunny rooms. /excellent
¦ board. $45 and $40; also a. large front suite.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 3 . housekeeping - rooms ; a adults ;
• state particulars. Box 1709 Call office.
. 2 ROOMS, one front -also place for dog: single
man; between . 5th and 7th. Box 1705. Call,
i **** "^ ** J " J — * *** m —^ — —^— i
; BKAVIJVG . MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
; ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
) pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
• ALL kinds bought, sold. 'rented, ex.; repairing;
• lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
\ SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD . tenants ejected for ?!; collections made:
city or ¦ country. , PACIFIC .COLLECTION
j CO., 415 Montgomery, : rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
[ STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
¦ prE^lC^RO^)l?ir^raKT&1u?i^
, flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.'
1 GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
• slon St.; tel. Howard U41. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
> BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main IS 10; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC i Storage | and ¦ Furniture 'Moving Com-
¦ pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: rhone Jackson 2S1.
: ' ' TYl'EWRITERS AXD ; SUPPLIES.
' GREATrBXR'GAINS 1N~T YPEWmTERS^We
; pell better machines for less money than any.
i -house In the city: rentals $CJ.-.The Typewriter
. Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 266.
| WEBSTER Typewriter 'Inspection- Co.— Expert
i typewriter doctorsiestimate free. 20!» Sansome.
[ , ,
j TYPEWRITING J^'P
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2c: mlm-
. eographlriK. 027 Market, mi. 301; Jessie 15St.
U1S.SULUT1U.N :O*' l'AK'WKUSHU'.
. NOTICE ' of ' dissolution. — The ' co-partnership
( ¦•;' heretofore ' existing between ; the undersigned
. ; ls this day dissolved by. mutual consent. .-: H.
*A. DENHARD withdraws from the firm and
• ••'. t E. A. KOLB takes ¦ over all the assets and
.assumes all the liabilities arid will continue
' the business at the same stand, ¦ 417-419 Mont-
i gomery.-st.. -San 'Francisco, : under - the firm
;. name ¦ of .THK • KOLB COMPANY.. All ac-
¦ counts due or to become due Kolb & Den-
' . hard must be paid to THE KOLB COMPANY
¦ •< only." Dated San Francisco, , April . 22. 1902.
; > H.- A. DENHARD..
. ¦ - - -¦ ::.¦-¦¦. E. A. KOLB. -'- .'-.¦'¦
jM^^^Xjl' :
' , TO of mortgage '.'bonds ot' the Market
: - Street Cable Railway," Purk and Ocean Rall-
' ," road, .Omnibus Cable. Powell Street Railway.
: Park ' and ¦ ClIfT ' House Railway, Ferries and
1 '''Cliff.- House Railway,' Market Street Railway
. .'.'and Butter "Street -Railway Companies: .-
Notice is hereby given that interest coupons
of/ mortgage bonds of : the : above-mentioned
I companies will be paid hereafter at the office
I of the * treasurer of;theUnlted Railroads of
: ., : Ban Francisco," 1 room 00. Wells, Fargo ACo.'s
. i Express building, • 49 ¦ Second - st.,' San . Fran-
¦ -I Cisco. v GEO. B. 1 WILLCUTT.
Secretary United' Railroads of San Francisco.
I . v MABBIAQE LICENSES.. >
' ,The following : marriage; licenses were,is3ued
; iVesterday: .-,.-.•. : : '' ¦ ., .'
'. Frank , Tuefer. 37, '220 Kearny street,' and
- Mary^Sprenger,- 38,-. 2609 Polk; atrect. ¦¦': ,
George \\". Ansbro, T2, Alaweda, and Mabel
, Ernest, 1 19. i; Stockton. • '¦ ¦--.¦£.'
; ":Chax-le3 C. Smith,. 22,': 3S3 Linden "avenue, "and
> Myrtle M.- Jackson, '» 10, ; SU9 Harrison street.- •.
- Frederick S. •: Greenlee, -,35, .city, .and . -Her-
mione M. Lask, 23, - city. - . '¦; ¦',.,-...
• ,r Albert ' II. ': Lean, . 35, city, and Lizzie Lean.
- 32,' clty.t..-*^ J - ! >^ J *'tt^»*(l*«Brt('Wii>BftPI»i
• - .William II. , Matheny,' 21 :, Roanoke, Va;, ; and
' ' Grace '-B.: May," 18,' 'Syracuse, N.'Y.;, .
•'¦•• Leon-. B.:Goldber«r, ,41, Oakland, 'and Julia
1 Waldman, . 2», , Portland, Or. < .'
-.-, Cornelius ¦:«;>' .Wolff; 32, v 21 ft- Langton street,
' and Rose Morsan, 21," 1078- Tenth avenue.' _• ¦••¦¦-.
1 ->¦: Edward ;A.'.W£st,v;J3,-;C26B : Natoma : street,
! and'Marle'B.'-.West, : 33,^02CB Natoma street.
; -« George a Schomer, ¦; 30, -tia ; Elgin i Park, i an.1
Marie Schroder, ', 23, i 2706 . Twentieth street.*:-. .
¦ _ James W, Robertson,- 27, 251 Eleventh : street,
i and » Emma F.* Burke, ' ; 22, i 115 Silver, avenue. ,: ; '
• ¦--.' Joseph i.Jacob,^ 35, K1340 ¦ Ellis:,' street, and
¦ Helena Jacob, '24, -131 BA Ellis street.* .' .
; ¦>¦¦• John '¦> B. •' Chace, 27. , 1U20 -- Pine : street, » and
i Clara iH.Underhill; 20, 1020 Pine street.
BIRTHS^-MARRIABES— DEATHS.
' Birth, ' marriage , and - death notices sent by
mall will not | be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with i the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have- the same published.
BORN.
CLIFFORD— Iu this city, April . 27, . 1002," to
\the wife of John J, Clifford,' a daughter. -
LARROCHE— In this city, April 20, - 1902. to
the wife of John M. Larroche, a son.'
ROBINSON — In this city, J A»ril 5, 1902, to the
¦ wife of Joseph i Robinson, a son.
RUTHERFORD— In this city. April 8, 1902,
ttj th3 wife taf E. A. Rutherford, a daughter.
HARBIED. "" V ~~~
FUCHS— KOCH— In thig city, April 26, 1902,
by the Rev. Dr. John! A. B. ' Wilson, Ran-
dolph Emll Kucha of San Francisco and Ella
C. of Leaven worth. Kans.
GREENLEE— LASK— In this city, April 29.
1902, : by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Frederick Sackett Greenlee : and ' Hermlone
Marguerite Lask, both of San Francisco.
LYMAN— WOLF— In Oakland, April 27. 1902.
¦ William A/- Lyman ¦ of Chicago and I Fannie
. Wolf of , San ; Franciaco.
NIEMANN— WIEBOLDT— In this city. April
. 28. 1002. by: the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Wil-
/ Ham A. Niemann and Martha A. Wieboldt. >
SMITH— JACKSON— In this city. April 20,"
1902. -by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Charles Clayton Smith and ¦ Myrtle .Maria
Jackson, both of San Franclaco.
WIGGINS— EATWELL— In this city, April 26,
1902, by the Rev. Dr. John; A. B. Wilson,
William, R. Wiggins and Mary Eatwell, both
. of ; San : Francisco. . . .
PIED. . .
Atwood, Daisy j Johnson, - Harry ; ;
Baker, John - . ' . Jones, Caroline
Behnke, Rosle ¦ Kergan, ' Emma - -
-- ' Boland, Michael C. ' Larsen, . Hans > ¦ :
¦ . Boyd, ¦ John F. Jr. • Maatta, Anna !
i Burke. John J. Molter, Lena
Callaghan, Cal Muller, Charles M. ,
Clark. Elirabeth E. Munter, William
Collins, Joseph P. Nixon, Richard
Day, Otis G. Parkinson, Thomas
Glynn. William Power, J. W.
Gelette, .Wm. D. Sewell, Newton .
| Greene, Annie G. Spreen, Marie
Harrington, Mary Stttenfeld, Stanley j
¦'¦• Holmes, Henry TV Tevis, Susan G.
Hymes, Rachel Tilly, Bernard
Jans, Marie Vigneau, Gabriel
Johnson, Frederick Wheeler, Henry
ATWOOD— In this city, April 28, 1902, Daisy,
dearly beloved wife of Robert- B. Atwood,
mother of Lillian Atwood, and sister of
Loulsrt, Anita, Tony and Fred Rodiellat, a
native of California, aged 25 years.- . ¦ .
• E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Wednesday), at ' 9 o'clock, from the under-
- taking parlors of McGinn Bros., 22i-226 Mc-
Allister street, thence to : St. Mary's Cathe-
.. dral, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for. tha repcs-2 of her soul, com-
menelng at 9:30 o'clock. , Interment Holy
Cross . Cemetery. . .
BAKER — In the City and County Hospital,
April 28, 1902, John Baker, a native of Ire-
land, aged 68 years.
BEHNKE— In this city, April 29. 1002, at her
residence, 2605 Bryant street, between Twen-
. ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, Rosle Behnke,
dearly beloved wife of Frederick Behnke,
loving mother of Elsa, Clara, Irene and
Luzlle Behnke, beloved sister, of Mrs. M.
Krouse and T. Wackenreuder. daughter of
the late Witus and Tomasa Wackenreuder;
and sister of the late Henry Wackenreuder,
a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years and
19 days. A member of Olive Branch No. 7j
Companions of .the Forest. ¦
. ' ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 - Mission street, between Eighth and
. Ninth, thence to St. Peter's Church, Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, • for services,
commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BOLAND— A solemn requiem high - mass will
be celebrated for the . reoose of the soul of
the late Michael C. Boland at St. James
¦ Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
Wednesday, April 30, commencing at 9
. o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are In-
vited to attend. . : .
BOYD— In Nordhoff, April - 28, 1902, John
Franklin Boyd Jr., only son. of John F. and
/Louise A. ' Boyd, a native of San' Rafael,
aged 15 years 11 months and 7 days.
: cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from -St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, San Rafael. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
BURKE— In this city, April 28.' 1902, John
' Joseph, beloved husband : of Annie ' Burke.
dearly beloved son of Rosa, and the late
John J. Burke, and brother of Mrs. Nellie
Lyons, a native of . San Francisco, aged 25
years 1 month and 2 days. .
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
May 1, 1902. at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, -S69 Eleventh street, thence td St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.-
CALLAGHAN— In Cincinnati. Anrll 14, 1902,
Cal Callaghan, dearly beloved husband of
the late Hannah 'Cslla/rhan,' and dearly. idol-
ized father of Mrs. P.'-F. Foley. Patrick Cal-
- lacphan and the late Timothy Callaghan. John
Cailaghan and Mrs.' Al Mitchell, a native of
Ireland. ",¦'.•"-..'
CLARK— In this city, April 29. 1902. Eliza-
beth E. (Clark, wife of H. W. Clark, and
-mother of Mrs. C. Z. Soule and Mrs.: W. H.
Homer, Mrs. , J. 'J. . Peemiller of Chicago 1 ,
, .Mrs. M. J. Ferrier and Miss M. E. Clark, a
native of Delaware. •
, (C^Funeral and Interment private.
COLLINS— In this city. April 29. 1002. Joseph
- P. Collins, beloved son of Michael and the
late Mary ' Collins, and - loving nteDson - of
Margaret Collins, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years 1 month and 11 days. ;.
G?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 18 Bonita street, off Polk, between
Vallejo and Green, thence to St. Brlsld's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. - Interment Holy
• Cross .' Cemetery. ¦ «'.i -
DAY— In . Frultvale. April ' 29. 1902, Otis G.
Day, beloved husband of Mary P. Day, and
father of Mrs. T. N. Le Roes, Mrs. Harruo
and Fred and Herbert Day, a native of
Maine,' aged 67 years 11 months and 24 days.
A member of Lyon Post, G. A.R.
GELETTE— In East Oakland. April 27. 1902,
William D., beloved husband of Elisabeth R.
Gelette, and father of Mrs. Mabel R. Vane,
and William S. Gelette. a native of Falr-
3 haven, Mass., aged 55 years 1 month and 26
¦ days. -¦_ ;
lE^Friends are respectfully Invited to.' at-
• tend the funeral services Wednesday after-
noon, , April 30, 1002, at 3 o'clock. > at the
family residence. 122 East Twelfth street.
East Oakland, . Interment private.
GLYNN— In this city, April , 29, 1902. at his
residence, 1925 Stockton street, William, son
; of ¦ Mary and the late James «Glynn, , and
brother of Vincent and Mary Glynn, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
(C7A requiem mass will be celebrated
at St. Francis Church. Vallejo street, Thurs-
day morning. May 1, at 9:30 o'clock. Friend3
. are invited to attend. . Kindly omit flowers.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GREENE— In 1 Colma, April . 29, 1902. of • diph-
theria, Annie Grace, dearly beloved and only
daughter, of Benjamin S.' and Julia Greene,
and sister of Ben. Ray. Howard- and Eddy
Greene, a native of Colma, Cal., aged t>
year* 11 months and 26 days.
HARRINGTON— In this city. April 27. 1002.
•rat her residence. 2404 Clay street, Mary,
- wife of Dennis F. Harrington, - and devoted
mother of -Mrs. T. J. O'Brien, Mrs. "Josle
Brinckerhoff. John B. Harrington of Port-
' land. Or., and Fanny C. Harrington of. San
Francisco, a native -of Ireland. (Boston,
Mass., Cincinnati; Ohio, and Portland, Or.,
papers please copy.) - - ' . .
Cr Funeral . private. Kindly omit flowers.
HOLMES — In this city, April 28, 1902. Henry
Thomas, beloved . husband of . Laura V.
Holmes, a native of Lanslngburg. N. 1 Y;,
. aged . 73 years and 2 months.: (Sacramento
papers please copy.): ¦
(CyFriends .and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the~ funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday). .' at 9:30 o'clock; ' at
his late residence, 1922 Pine street. Inter-
ment at Sacramento on arrival of train leav-
ing San Francisco at 11 o'clock.
HYMES— In this city, April 28. 1902. Rachel
Hymes.' beloved : mother . of Mrs. I. Baron,
• Mrs. G. Meisner and Charles • Hymes of New
York, a native of Prussia. (New York pa*
. pern please copy.) . 7~.$*&&Mf&agi - :- ..-;
X7 Friends and acquaintances are retpect-
- fully; invited- to attend the funeral services
• Wednesday, April 30, 10C2, at 10 o'clock, at
HEltfRY J. CALLACHER COi.
'. ''" (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
-20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
••',.- Telephone South ; 60.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery^
. NEAREST THE CITY. '. ¦ -
Office, 916 Market Street/
'¦.*¦¦ ..Telephone Bush 36 ?-tiJ8K8
NEW. FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.'
¦ ' Samuel' McFaddtn. 18 years manager for
'the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. • F." Green, late withJ. ,C O'Con-
Inor &: Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors : at 1171 Mission - St.." between Seventh
.and Eighth..: .Telephone South 44." : , . -
vjambs, McGinn; ¦
• Formerly : with" McGinn Bros.,* has opened
;new Funeral Parlors at. 214 Eddy st.. "bet.-'
Taylor and Jones. ¦< Telephone - South 676. "i
t^UNTTExTui^BERTASSRS^
*;« 17 «nd 1 29 Fifth St. »Tel. South i«7 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. f
. rine»t ; Equjpment^tf Moderate lUitf*. 1•SUES /CONTRACTOR FOR DAMAGES.—
John : A. } Kelly Is ¦ suing 'James • S. Fennel], a
contractor, I for. $10,000 damages . for injuries re
calved by being: struck, by a plank which 'fell
from a building .being erected by Fennell. : -.
-At .the exercises /given last ." night }n
Hoover Hall by/ the .Hoover. University of
Physical Culture, , Miss Jean -Durrell, de
•llghted,the audience twith " her. refined ¦ yet
versatile' powers :as*"an elocutionist.: She
imitated in: a .very • clever style the-awk
ward manners -, and" more awkward : de
livery^ of the i pupils "of a Kansas district
school taking part *ln-> the. closing exer
cises.' , '¦'¦', "'.•.-,- ¦ .¦.:"¦ • ¦ , , ,'¦ f . :
'.- -. In : her darky ; impersonations Miss Dur
rell showed an excellent knowledge and
command of -the "negro dialect. . -.,.;..,
The puplls'.of Hhe ; university who took
part In ;thq- programme: acquitted >them
selves In a - manner that won applause
from -the audience. - . -
I^Iiss Jean Dun-ell of Chicago - Dis
•¦;'-.;. plays' a Bare of ' '
;. ; Negro : Dialect. ;.
tlfled J'.McKadden at v 'the • prison ' as the
young man. , .' - ,--:--¦
The police are looklng'for Amos'Rus
sell. *. - _j" -*l: r •' -t '¦' ,; % ... i .--"* ' ' .-;
AUDIENCE' DELIGHTED ,:'
• 'BT^V ELOCUTIONIST
MURDEREdV MAN? THE I YOUNG
SUSPECT'; AND- SCENES I SHOW
- ING * BRIEF ACQUAINTA^NCE.
Sunday-Schbol 'Picnic.
: ; The Union ' Methodist , Sunday-school will
give ' a 5 picnic r and T excursion ".to" Mirabel
Park,- near. San Rafael, : Saturday, May J.7.
.Business , men i can * he properly served
with : lunch at the CafeJZlnkand. , - .
; -': Adams' Hair.; Restorer growth. l re
stores color and beauty . to thin gray hair. 30c : •
Thomas P. ; Hawley, * States Dis
trict Judge , at Carsont City, INevada; 'ar
rived yesterday = for thVpurpbse of sittinsr
a3 .* a r» me^ b » r ; of * the United . States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals with Judges Gilbert.
Ross and Morrow next Monday > -
Judge Hawley, Is Here.
Bekins Van and Storage .Co. will, move your
household goods rain or shine. ; 630 Market st. •
Mrs. , Rachel Hymes 'died at her. resi
dence, 457 Fell street; last\ Monday -at' the
age : of : 104 years. .; Mrs. Hymes was born
in Prussia' in 1798 and had resided in Cali
fornia for forty years. .Death was caused
by senility. - ¦ : -
Dies at Advanced ; Age.
"Another, of Sherman. Clay & Co.'s very
popular ; and enjoyable Angelus piano
recitals occurs at : . their ' hall > next ' Satur
day afternoon. Tickets must be procured
at their store, as usual. - Admission free ?
Pinkerton . Convicted.
Samuel PInkerton, the non-union motor
man ; who was ; arrested 'outside a restau
rant at Twenty-ninth and .Mission streets
Sunday morning 1 ,' April 22, for carrying 1 a
concealed weapon, was convicted ' by
Judge 'Mogan yesterday .and ordered to
appear for. sentence > this morning: ' PInk
erton warned several of the strikers that
if they attempted to take him oft his car
he 'would shoot them. "When searched e
revolver and a cartridge, belt were found
upon him. •¦:-:¦-
Albert H. Lean, physical Instructor of
the Olympic CVab. and Lizzie Lean, his
former Trtfe. who "were divorced by Judge
Kerrigan March 12 last, secured a mar
riage license yesterday and -were re-mar
rled by Justice of the Peace Joachimsen
Lean confided to "Cupid" Danforth thai
the dhrorce was all a mlptake and for the
I sake cf their child he and the mother had
agreed to forjret past differences and be
gin mzarimonial life anew. - -
Divorced Couple Bemarry.
Do' You Want a Trunk
At a. moderate price— one .that looks good
and is good? \ Made of genuine basswood,
brass trimmed, '.with leather " straps and
two trays. It is a 1 leader in our trunk de
partment and the price is $7 50. We have
a special suit, case also at $6 60 that is
equally good " and cheap. Sanborn, Vail
&.Co.. 741 Market st.- ¦-••
Health Officer O'Brien will apply to
day for the issuance of a bench warrant
for the arrest of Dr. E. W. Thomas, -who
la alleged to have violated .the law in
falling to report a case of scarlet fever to
the health authorities. Thomas notified
the health office yesterday that his pa
tient, Ina Engrlehart, had recovered from
scarlet fever, but declined to give any ex
planation as to why he had neglected to
report the case when ehe -was first sttick-
Pails to Heport Scarlet Fever.
Filcher.
STOBUS DO NOT AQEEE.
McFadden makes : many contradictory
statements. He is about 27 years of age,'
slender and smooth shaven, 'and 'his 'face
WTien Tucker left Martinez for this city
on Sunday for the purpose of celebrating
his birthday he had $50 in his pocket. He
•went to a saloon on Howard street, where
he met McFadden. The two drank to
gether and departed in company. 3 This
was at 11 o'clock on Monday. : -An' hour
later Tucker's body ,was ' found : as stated.
His skull was . fractured and . It * was I at
first surmised he had met * his ' death * by
an accidental falL Inquiry by, the de
tectives - yesterday connected" McFadden
with the affair • and '.he was arrested
pending further investigation. •. The \ facts
brought to the surface tend i tor show b«
yond question that . McFadden robbed the
old man and that in the struggle ;which
followed Tucker fell ' and ; fractured ; his
skull. ' • ' ' • ¦ - ' .-.-¦ ¦--.
QEORGE, McFADDEN, a self
styled waiter and constantly out
of employment and who • man^
aged to live by his wits and by
pinging in dives, was arrested
yesterday for the robbery and murder of,
Charles Tucker, an aged man 'whose body
was found in a doorway at '823 Howard
street at noon Monday. '. The . evidence
connecting McFadden with the old man|s
death is overwhelming, but. in despite 6S
this he persists in denying his .guilt.
Tuckers remains were Identified at .the
Morgue yesterday by Sheriff R. R. Veale
of Contra Costa County. The dead man
was a resident ¦ of ' Martinez, where he
worked as a farm hand. He. was a mem
ber of the Salvation Army, but his habits
were not in consonance . with ¦ the teach
ings and practice . of that ' body". He was
addicted to drink and it was his custom
to go on sprees which lasted indefinitely.
He was an Englishman and 74 years;, of
age on the day when death', summoned
VliTTI . ¦ ¦ . . ' ,;.-
•Warrants have also been, received ¦ from
Gllroy for the ¦ arrest . of Thomas . Barker
and Annie Barker on -two charges 'of bur
glary for breaking into the residences of
H. S. Murray,, orchardist there, and Mrs.
Hayden. " '.'¦-¦. ;
; Hamilton was also booked on a charge
of rObery for snatching' a purse from Mrs.
Freeman on a car at Market' and Powell
streets, March' 29. and on a charge of as
sault:wlth a deadly weapon. for pulling a
revolver on Judge Fritz when he chased
and overtook him. -.: . : . ' : „.-¦
Four charges _. of -burglary were made
against Jospeh King; the ."convict preach
er".'; Thomas Barker and Harry Hamilton,
the complaining witnesses being Miss E. E.
Shepherd of ¦ the .Women's Christian- Tem
perance Union, 132 McAllister street, Mrs.
Ellen Redding ton." 165S Market street; Mrs.
Susan Glascott, 1646 Market street, and
Mrs. 'Anna Murray, = 268 > Powell street.
Kittle Nihill was booked on a charze of
burglary in connection with the theft at
132 McAllister street and Annie Barker in
connection with that at 208 Pbwell street.
The ¦ three , ex-convlcts . and their two
women confederates, who were arrested
last Thursday .morning through, the ef
forts.of Policeman- H. P. Bralgr. were
booked at the City Prison yesterday, the
women from whom they had stolen differ
ent articles having sworn to complaints
against .them before Judge Mogan.
Bert Nelson, a clerk In ' a- dairy store
at .723 Howard: street; informed. the police
that he saw McFadden and Tucker, stand
ing. in the very doorway > where • an • hour
later . Tucker's . body .was found. -> The men
were talking together. in some excitement;
Nelson paid little attention to the circum
stance until ; he ; saw the account . of the
finding of Tucker's body; in 'the: doorway
at 829. Howard street. ¦
Thestory. of McFadden that he bruised
his I knuckles at Martin's , saloon I near the
Presidio is ¦ false,', as there is no i such sa
loon. ¦ ; He was ¦ unable '.to produce ¦ the Met-~
ter in '. which his . reported , remittance - of
$100 came, and the theory, of the police is
that his wounds were received in a strug
gle with Tucker at the? time of the rob
bery. , - Among his effects was i found a
shirt with badly torn-sleeves, a bit of
i evidence which the detectives regard as
of ¦ great value. •" : ' ¦ ;.- ..;» ¦¦
• Jt : has also- been disclosed Jthat ; : McFad
den often - said ;. he - would - not work - for
$1 50 a 'day .when -he; could* go:- out any
night and pick ' up ten: times that' sum
without. difficulty. --. -..:?-'¦
f AlPof McFadden'ai stories to the police,
told since, his arrest.^ are contradictory. 1
He denies that he robbed Tucker,- and
,says thatihis failure to remember details
ofthe-past two days is.due.to An attack
of delirium. tremens.-, He. will t be held sub
ject to.the verdict; to be- rendered' by. the
Coroner's jury when the inquest is held.-,
, ¦ A> boy 'by the name • of ; George : Abblt.
who was, on his way down Howard street
about 1 10 . a, .- m. ':< Monday,'- says I he 2 saw ? an
old man come out of. a saloon at; 733 How
' ard - street; ¦. and , a - youngi man - came » out
with him. "The 3 old'.man' had something
In', his hand,',' said • AbbIt..V ¥ which:may
have been : money, butTlf. it Lwas ; or not I
am : not sure. The young man ; was t try
ing-toiget the old one i to } go .'somewhere
up ; Howard < street.' i but ? he . would ; not T go,
and.the young one began- to struggle with;
shows the marks .of dissipation. .His
manner Is - that of a man who has made
the acquaintance of ; the police '•. on'' more :
than one occasion, though he has not
been arrested; here before. He claims to
hail from- Harrisburg, Pa.,' and has lived,
here a year. ¦ His ¦ story as- to his 'mover
ments and doings is '-vague, but as far "as
the detectives have thus far learned- his
is the story ,of a wasted life, recklessness
of purpose and social degradation.' ' " .-.
McFadden says he met Tucker for, the
first time in V Mrs. Smith's, saloon ' at : 740
Howard, street about ll'o'.clock Monday.
They took a drink together. and separat
ed, that being the last, he saw of the dead
man. He was drinking . heavily, I and was
quite intoxicated. -When arrested McFad
den's knuckles were wounded in • several
places and in trying. to account, forjthese
abrasions ¦ h% tells the story. that he had
a fight In Martin's saloon near the ¦ Pre
sidio. He says he had delirium trernens
Monday and went' to a friend's house -in
Oakland to recuperate. On his. return Uo
the Prescott House on.' Kearny; street,
where he lodged, yesterday ; morning he
was arrested.
The testimony secured by the detectives
is.. very strong against the accused. It
was discovered that although perennially
impecunious, McFadden had money on
the day of Tucker's' death. He bought a
Buit of clothes from f Leopold Hlrsch *' at
929 Kearny street, for which ! he paid ,' $10.
Hirsch says McFadden displayed " gold
coin ! amounting to about $50 at , the time
he made, the purchase. This was about
'11 o'clock? on Monday. ¦. .'- . . ~.
XSOME STBONa '''. EVIDENCEL . :
: Edward Smith of 738 ' Howard j street
says he saw, McFadden and Tucker drink
ing together in the Smith • saloon . as I early
as 7 o'clock Monday mprning. Tucker
told McFadden that he was going to Mar
tinez, and the latter asked, -him/ to stay
longer. An hour later the men left the
saloon and- some time near . noon McFad
den walked into the place again, -wearing
a new suit of clothes and displaying, gold
coin. McFadden said he had just received
| $100 from home.' and -Smith asked to see
the letter In which it came. -McFadden
then left the saloon. . '...-,,¦:¦.
Women Swear to the
Complaints Against
King and Others.
CHARGE CROOKS
WITH BURGLARY
The machine operated by the . bosses
may be strong enough to force the nomi
nation of Gage on the State. convention,
but the machine cannot bring the Repub
licans to the support of the ticket on elec
tion day. All the bosses are behind Gage
for renomination and the people are
against the bosses. The defeat of Wei is
for Mayor was a recent object lesson. He
was an honorable man, who had made a
pood record as Auditor, but he surren
dered himself to Burns, Herrin and Crira
mir.s, and so lost the confidence of inde
pendent voters. Eugene E. Schmitz car
ried the Republican districts, and the
nominee of the boss-ridden Republican
convention went down to defeat. It is said
that Wells contributed to his own defeat
by making silly speches, but Gage as a
letter writer is a lit companion for Wells
as a speech-maker. Since the San Jose
convention the bosses have been wonder
ing what will happen next if Gage's pen
is net bridled.
Frank P. Flint and United States Mar
shal H. Z. Osborne of Los Angeles, A.
Caminetti and John F. Davis of.Ama
dor, Alex, Brown of Calaveras and Alden
Anderson of Solano are in the city.
SAU FSANCISCO MEN
TO ATTEND CABNIVAL
Firms to Be Well Represented During
Street Fair at Bakersfield
in May.
The number of firms that will be repre
sented In the San Francisco business
men's excursion to Bakersfield to attend
the Carnival and Street Fair, which takes
place May 8 and 10, is beginning to assume
proportions.
The fallowing have signified their inten
tion of sending representatives and more
will follow suit in a day or so, bringing
up the total to about 150: /
Castle Eroe., Haas Bros.. 3. A. Kolger &
Co., M. J. Brandex«ein & Co., "William Clutf
& Co.. Hills Bros., Hclbrook, Merrill & Stet
son; liilbert Bros.; Sussmaa, Wormser & Co.;
E. K. Kittredse &. Co., Rufn? P. Jennings.
Gusseniiixne & r 0 ., Italian-Swiss Agricultural
Coiooy, Jonas Erlanger-Davis Company: Jesse
Moore-Hunt Company, A- B. Patrick & Co..
V&g-ner Leather Comoany. Tlllnaann & Ben
del. S. H. Frank & Co., Hinaldo Bros. & Co..
Sherwood £ Sherwood. Wheaton. Poad & Har
rold; Getz Bret & Co.. Crown Dietill»ri«
Company, i*ege & Kaskina, "W. W. Montajrue
& Co., A- P.chiMne &. Co.. McNab &. Smith,
Anglo-American Crockery Company, Bradstreet
Commercial Acency Company. American Bis
cuit CompEJiy. KaoCmaa, Davis & Co.; Dairy
men's Union of California. Stockton Hi] line
Cczrpasy, JchTJsrm-LfOcke Mercantile Company.
N. K- FalrbarJcs & Co., Lev^nson & Co., Cali
fornia Fruit Canners' Association. H. Levl &
Co., EL OS. Denniston. South San Francisco
Packing and Precision Company, Sperry Flour
Comr-any, Koth, Blum & Co.: Parcells, Green
¦wocd Comuany: Charks F. Thierbach & Co.,,
H- n. Herrtra Comriany. Axnerican Bicycle
Corcpany. Charles Graef & Co., Bay City En
gineering and Supply Company. Dunham, Car
rigan i Heyden CcrDpanv, Parafflne Paint
Company-. .Vnrerican Steel and "Wire Company,
Tni-in Utno«rraph Company. Carlson. Currier
Company; Mnrpby. Grant & Co.; Greenebaum.
"Well & Michele; L. fc G. Brenner. Trieste &
Co.. £achs Bros. & Co., Jfenrtadter Bros.,
'Bcmrvr Bros. & Co.. Cain. Kickelsbnrg & Co.:
Keller, Bactanaa & Co.; Hoffman, Rothschild
«r Co.; L. Elkns * Co.. Royal Heatln* Com
panj-. California Art Glass \7orJcs, Kohlberg,
Etr»ua« & FTofcman; Goodyear Robber Com
pany. Robert L. Topliti A Co, C. C. Mc-
Mahon. E. J. Benedict. Koshland & Co.. J. A.
Slender Majority Given for
Gage in'- Los Angeles
.County. .
The popjilajity of Lieutenant Governor
ICeff is undisputed, it is claimed by. some
of the machine manipulafbrte that Neft
ran behind Gage in 3S&. ' Reference to the
o^riai figures show that 2S7.0S1 votes were
cast for Governor ana 2S0.325 for Lieuten
ant Governor. . This Indicates that 6726
voters simply 'voted for the head of tfte
ticket- Gage only received 2031 more
votes than were cast for NefC The figures
further show that NefTs majority over
his chief competitor, Hutchison, was
27,<04, while Gage's majority over Ma
guire was only 19,033. In San Francisco
Neff received 10S3 more votes than were
cast for Gage. Neff also ran ahead of
Gage in Alameda County- la Los An
geles, Gage's home county, where 28,652
votes were cast, the Governor got only
480 more votes than Neff received. In
Piacer Coimtv. the home of Neff, where
only 40M votes were cast, Gage ran 3S8
\otes behind the Lieutenant Governor. In
fact. Gage only beat Maguire in Los An
geles County by 2931 votes. Alameda,
San Francisco, Sacramento and . Santa
Clara counties enabled Gage to make a
good ehowing.
Four years ago, when Gage was nomi
nated for Governor, the party was united.
The war was on and patriotic enthusiasm
ran high- All the Republican newspapers
of the State supported the nominee cf
the convention. Careful observers of the
present political situation assert that
Gage could not carry Los Angeles County
against a fairly good Democratic can
didate. He is very unpopular in Sacra
mento, Solano, San Joaquin and Napa
counties. Alameda County' might stand
by him, but his majority of 1B98 would be
greatly diminished. San Francisco is
against Gage. Republicans will . not for
get his interferferenee in **"» local cam
paign, when he lined up the State Cen
tral Committee to recognize the County
Committee of the bosses and turn down
the Republican Primary League.
Ran Ahead of His Ticket
in the Last State
Election.
JACOB H. HEFF
I VOTE-GETTER
him and •use force. Just; then. the, young
i man saw me "watching ..them; so., he
stopped > and I walked' away. : The < young
man- followed me .for .half -a block,; and
' then ' turned back to \the .; old . man, who
• was ¦ trying ' to ; open < the • door or . ring the
bell of^ a- lodging-house- up* Howard on
¦.: the iother, side of Fourth .street." .The
young man went ;up- to : him 'and then I
, . went * on and saw: no': more." • ¦ ¦ . -
. Abbit later on said there was -a'; third
man , in the . party, - but that he took no
part "in the affair." ¦ The ¦ third r person
I answers' the description of Amos v Rus
sell, a' former roommate of McFadden.'.t :
"When •> taken to the Morgue Abbit posi
tively-identified the body there as. that of
the old man he had seen. Abbit also iden-
George McFadden, a Dive ;Sirigeiy Is a rid
Strong Evidence Against Him Is Fpund.
CHARLES TUCKER MEETS DEATH
WHILE RESISTING A ROBBER
TELLS A STORY
OF DEPRAVITY
Complaint Is Lodged by
a Japanese, Woman
' -Against Husband.
Flees 'to the \ Presbyterian Mis
"' sion to-Escape a Life of
"Slavery. ¦ --. -I j
li Tatsuhel Hamasaki stands in danger of
the penitentiary, .and.hisT wife Koto may
be deported to Japan."
- It ; is .the old - story, of Oriental woman
slavery.' \Tatsuhei got into debt here/ and
ordered' his' wife to ¦ lead an immoral life
in ¦ order, that the ¦ debt miglit be paid. He
said .:' also that -* his '. brother's wife, Aki
Hamasaki; should do the' same, and. that
the two women should live together. - Said
the iwoman' Koto yesterday to ¦ Immigrant
Inspector 'Schell:.: .v- ...•¦.-.
"Wedidn't want to do .what he said,
and "Aki .and I talked it over. "We wept
a good deal over it and I toldmy husband
that we -would- not obey.'.' „¦¦ ¦ -
:¦. The husband came ..the next . day and
took his brother's wife, Aki -Hamasaki,
away with him.. After he had gone, Koto
left the house and threw herseli upon the
protection of, her cousin, a young laborer
named Watanabe. .He with a male friend
escorted .hereto the Presbyterian Mission
Home j on: Sacramento \ street. Captain
Schell after , hearing the. woman's -story
decided to -recommend to his. superior of
ficer, .United States Immigrant Commis
sioner ' North, : that the woman should . be
sent. back to 'Japan. She is in. a' destitute
condition.-: .-.:
Koto" does not want to go back to
Japan. , Y She prefers to go with her cousin
Watanabe into -the orchards and > vine
yards this summer and cook for the Jap
anese ; fruit pickers.? Commissioner North
fears that should -she be allowed' to re
main - with Watanabe she • might be sold
into . slavery, and he prefers, to send her
back ; to Japan. She ¦ says that she mar
ried Tatsuhei , last December after, hav
ing been acquainted with <¦ him ; only two
or three days. They arrived here on the
steamer, China' on April 14 of this year. >
BIG DELINQUENCY, SHOWN
• IN , THE TAX COLLECTIONS
Street Car Strike yery Materially Af
fected tae Receipts of the
¦ Office. ' ¦'¦'"*"*"
"¦' Taxes on' real estate and personal prop-;
erty ; for' ' the "¦ fiscal year ? 1901-1902 became
delinquent . last .'¦ Monday at 6 p. m. The
amount delinquent this year is $173,299 01.
The / delinquency last year was ' $113,000.
The street car strike affected the receipts
of the . tax office, as the penalty added
for non-payment is but 5 per cent for the
second installment, and- where the bill
was -; small people- postponed payment
until' the cars resumed operations. ¦
The largest payment on any single
piece of ; real estate was $12,001 paid by
the owner . : of '¦'• the - Emporium, property ;
the smallest bill was two cents, assessed
on a water lot. The. largest payment on
personal property was made, by the Mar
ket-street Railroad Company. . : . • - >
The \ total ' amountv of -money collected
during - the '.¦ month was $1,195,517 89.. ..-- The
largest receipts * for : any .; one day- was
$147,000. One savings bank . protested
against paying; taxes ¦'. oir a mortgage,
claiming exemption, as the property in
question was church property, and under
the State Jaw church * property is exempt
from { taxation. ! As the bank : charged the
same rate of -interest to: the church as
to private persons, they failed. to impress
Tax Collector Smith ..with . the ¦ justice of
their contention.; ..* i ¦ >, -
ABEESTED FOR POSING /
; > ! as health; inspector
Police* Apprehend Special Officer and
: : Are looking' for His Confed
¦•i ¦ [_' ''' ,**.*'. era te in Crime.
",'• The ' health officials are looking for" &
rnan named- Tracy, .who ; has been posing
as ; a health Inspector," .'. and in company
with a special officer named John O'Brien
has ben holding • up • milk wagon drivers
and cattle men along the San Bruno road.
Tracy, . from • the ¦' description ¦ given ¦ by
O'Brien, Is supposed.to be John W. Tracy,
who, was.recently removed from." his posi
tion' as i food Inspector., for irregularities in
making., reports.- z" .. •
* The kno.wledge that Tracy; and O'Brien
were ¦ posing as inspectors came j from an
attache in the Stanford; stables, who tele
phoned Secretary Emery . to ascertain . if
any authority 'had' been- given to a health
inspector; to: hire'a : horse and 'buggy. Em
ery, replied in -the. negative and sent Offi
cer Cottie to the stable to await the re
turn ; of .the masquerading pair. } O'Brien
scon returned to get a fresh -horse and
was placed .under arrest. . He. and Cottie
then went -about the icity to apprehend
Tracy; Z. ; Shortly :. after ¦ the arrest . of
. O'Brien Chief: Sanitary Inspector Hassler
learned that-two;reeatwagons had ibesn
stopped,;by "two*, unknown- men:- and a
.quantity' of ;meaf taken from- them: :..••
VereinElntracht to:Plcnic.
, The annual picnic of the /Vereln Eln- |
tracht will take place on Sunday, * May 4,
at , Fairfax -Park, and the committee in
charge Is making every effort to assure a
pleasant outing for the members and their
friends "who will attend. -The vereinl with
its*cingingr,'turn and schuetzen sections,
will assemble at Its hall on Twelfth street
at. 8 a. m.^on the day. of the outing and
march In a body, to the ferry, to take the
9 o'ilock boat' Boats will leave the Saus
alito ferry every, half hour, on May 4 un
til-1:30 p. * m. "'", The- committee of arrange
ments consists : of John ; Peck, * Cas MuJler
and Gus'Audibert. ' . • : • .' • •¦¦.-¦
12
THE SAN FRANCISCO :-YcAT/fc WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30. 1902!;
Makes delicious hot biscuit,
griddle cakes, rolls and muffins.
An absolutely pare, cream of tartar powder,
ROYAL BAKING POWDER C0. 4 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK, h
ADVERTISEMENTgL
VERY BEST BUTTER 31g
Finest money can buy. I^arsd squares.
"Wednesday and Saturday night only. We
sell to everybody— stores, hotels, etc.
BK3T.DAIRY BUTTER, square 29c-
JAPAN RICE SSS^Siii^SS 25c
grain: Three pounds usually.
FANCY PINK SALMON, 3 cans 25c. '
MUSiilo^V^L^^FiTsc
Breakfast Gem, SnowflaJte. Chalienges.
Twin Brothers'. Our Mother's, etc Usu-
ally 10c. .
BEST. SAGO, 7 pounds 25c.
RH1II Mrs. Faber's. nr
UniLI OAUUC home-made. 2bots ZOC
Pint size. An appetizer— for meats.
' ORANGE MARMALADE, glass lOc
ECONOMY GOFFEE SBKfcllW
Positively^ pure coffee. Either- whole or
\Jau£?y £? nt 3UdSe - quality b y P rf c««
L,IBBY*S NEW, DEVILED HAM 4 C .
GHIRARDELLI'S CO^QA,^^ 19c
OATMEAL CRACKERS. 15c box 12c
RIUHHEU WINE 45B
Sample to appreciate. <"-.•««>• t*"»
GRANT TOILET PAPER, 6 squares 25 c
OLD:CASTLvJSSSffiT:-. 85c
GRANOSE FLAKES, 2 pkgs. 25c."~
.TVe Ship "^Groceries Everywhere. Cut
13 -; St ° reS ' Re9Orts ' '•**
McALUSTER AND FILLMORE STS
liniimuiL-_i''" p HONE PAGE 5456.
'A i?» A w c*t Ss8 W MS^.
mryf jbcr l| §jff Jt m^St & JB
119 TATLOR ST. '
PHONE HOWARD Ma.
Richest
Flavored
Cof fee I
.' ; 'Crown
"•KONA KOFFEE K0MPA3SY
5ole A^ent*
145 StOCKtOnSt.'rTetu- O«rxry>St
OFF- City of P»rU »ry CoodJ Com?\nv
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service dally to
: Kansas City and St.* Louis
¦via Scenic Route. New
¦ Personally . conducted excursions to Kansas
/' t -r. U>ul *' C^lcaKO. New York. Boiton
*ca all Eastern points. For full - inXormaUoa
¦ Pacific Ooast Agent, -
, . 128 California it.. , San Francisco, v Cai- ,'
SPEi)Y CURE TREATMENT
PRICE ONE PQLLAR, - ':
Bathe the affected parts with^hot - water! and CUTICUll^s
•SOAP, to cleanse^the skin and scalp of crusts and scales, and;
soften the thickened cuticle. y Dry, without hard rubbing, and
apply^COTIC^AOW™^
and Inflammation, arid sbotheVndhea^
CURA RESOLVENT^ PI^LS, "to^cobl and cleanse the blood.
This pureVsweet, and wholesome treatment, affords instant
relief, permits rest and sleep, and points to a speedy, perman-
ent, and economical cure of the .inost^torturlnsvdM.^i^^nk^--'
itching, burning, and scaly skin, scalp, and blood humours,
; eczemas, rashes, and irritations, from infancy to age, wlth v
loss of hair,' when all else fails. ;.
ELLiyiiu UOC uU 1 1 y U nH jujUflr
v". Assisted by CuricrJB a* Ointmknt, for preserving/ purifying, and beautifying
£i the": skin,' for .'cleansing : , the scalp of ; crusts,' scale's^ and; dandruff, 1 ; and ; the -'
stopping of falling hair," foFsoftening^wMt^ng^a ,
? and sore hands, forl baby rashes;!^
poses of the toiletj bath; Vnd- nursery/ . -Millions 6f Women use Cuticura S
Soap', in] the form of ;baths^ tor^ annoying :ifritation3i> inflammations, and
excoriations/ for, too free'^or. : offensive^ : perspiration,' in the form 'of .washes
: -; 'Z*9T. imperative weaknesses^ and foVmany sanative,' antiseptic purposes which / J
readily suggest ''themsjblye\ to". women, especially mothers; ': • .- T" .'
GUTTICURA RESOWINT Cilpi|T|l|rEO PILLS 250.
.Axe a new,' tasteless,' odorless, economical substitute for the celebrated liquid CunotriU.
Resolvj^st, as 'well as for all other blood purifiers and' htuiiour cures.' j Put up in sere w-
.; capped r pocket iVials.Tcontaining.' 60? doses,* priced 26c; SCuTioiTBA. 1 Pills ; are alteratire,"
antiseptic,*, tonic, Y and 't digest! ve,*l and % beyond > question •• tha \ purest, 4 sweetest, most ' \
successful and economical blood and skin purifiers,' humour cures,* and tonic-digestives (
• -* : yet compounded. ¦.*"Rr> : ';-;"'t'.Ji -¦-¦ ¦''¦')¦ ¦*." -i' ': >' :." '¦-'-•" ¦":''¦', ~--K; •'¦¦>'¦ ¦¦ ¦"¦•>" • ¦ ' ..- ' ¦ ' '
«^S T J5L UR * R«««i"ts »re teld thionxbont tt« world. . Bo*p, Me., Otnun, «OcJ, Pats. Ke. < Brittii D«nn», .
axi v '¦"¦¦ ¦ j> r- v? **; i\ j. a.
-T/X- ¦ -'¦¦;-'¦¦¦.¦¦¦•. - r
mis week we will haye on SPECIAL SALE all our
I Fine Twill Satin Finish ani Llteptu Satin Pplntei-
Fonlards, also our Peau cLe 'Sole Finish Foulards, the
regular prices "of which haye heen $1.25 ana S1.00 uard.v
ALL REDUCED TO /
These Foulards fare In the following colorings!
Reseda, Castor, National, GraijSj Navies, jBrbwns '.'and
Old Rose. / ' •
In coimectioii with this sale of Foulards we will
¦ .close out. ahout' 1500 uards odd colorings of Taffeta
V. Silks and Silk fricotines at
These Taffetas come In Maize, v Cerise, • Murtle,
Orange and Magenta, and the former pries was
: ¦."¦¦¦;." SI.OO Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samolss
forwarded free to any address.
III. 113. f!5, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.