PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 174.
SAN FR ANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1902.
HOLY EDIFICE THAT ESCAPED
AND AN INTER
ESTING LANDMARK ON ISLAND.
BOSTON. May 22.— Tommy Nocnan of
Chelsea is believed to be dying at the.
City Hospital from concussion of the
brain as a result of a blow received in a
six-round boxing contest with Eddie
Dlxon of Chicago at the Lenox Athletic
Club to-night Dlxon gave himself up to
the police.
Dixon's Blow Is Fatal.
COLON, Colombia, May 22.— One thous
and soldiers, under General Amaya, left
here this evening on the gunboat General
Plnzon and on a German steamer for
Bocas del Toro. They will attack the in
surgent forces which are now occupying
Chiriqui Grande.
Grande.
Leaves Colon With Troops to Attach
the Insurgents at Chiriqui
GENERAL AMAYA SAILS
FOR BOCAS DEL TORO
They had, he said, previously tried to
poison and drown him. Jahnke was the
beneficiary on Sierk's life insurance pol
icy. There la Intense feeling against tho
prisoners. Following their arrest at tho
time of the murder threats of lynching
Induced the Sheriff to take them to York
County, 300 miles away. When the ex
citement died down they were returned
for trial. To-day's confession has In
creased the bitterness and trouble 13
feared.
LINCOLN, Nebr., May 22.— A special to
the Journal from Alliance. Nebr., says;
There was a sensation in the District
Court this afternoon during the trial of
Gus Jahnke, charged with the murder of
Michael Sierk. Oliver Oleson, held as an
accessory, made a confession to the court,
saying he and Jahnke killed Sierk by
shooting him in the back while he sat at
his breakfast table.
ael Sierk and Lynching
May Follow.
Prisoner Tells of the Killing of Mich-
CONFESSES IN COURT
TO A BRUTAL MURDER
There are several other prominent Dem
ocrats who have had experience in Cub*
who may be enlisted in the party's ser
vice. Senator James K. Jones, chairman
of the National Democratic Committee,
with Senator Money of Mississippi, are
now in Cuba and they may be able to
throw some additional light upon the sub
ject when they return.
It is said that detectives, expert ac
countants and persons familiar with the
Spanish language and Cuban customs are
to be employed by the committee. One
of the names suggested is that of Repre
sentative Slayden of Texas, who speaks
Spanish fluently and who made an ex
haustive exploration of the island about
a year ago.
WILL PROBE FOR FRAUD.
The mattter, after being discussed by
the Congressional Commictee, has been
kept very quiet, but it is said that a
committee of prominent
members will be appointed and sent to
Cuba.
The fact that the War Department has
ordered all records of occupation brought
to Washington and held under lock and
key does not daunt the Democratic in
quisitors. All they need to know now
is that the revenues of Cuba, amounting
to a great many millions of dollars, have
been expended with lavish hand in the
island; that there has been one great
scandal .. In. '„ connection with the postr.1
revenues: that contracts for millions
have been let to Americans for the sew
ering and 'paving of Havana and for
similar work at Santiago de Cuba; that
enormous allowances have been made
out of Cuban funds for living expenses
of American officials, and, %s one Demo
crat put it to-day, "the island has been
under practically military despotism, re
sponsible \o no one, for several years."
RECORDS ARE LOCKED UP.
The committee reasoned that it would
be Impossible to make any Investigation
so long as Brigadier General Wood wa3
supreme in the island, but now that the
Cuban Government has been established
they think they will have no difficulty in
uncovering all the secrets of the Ameri
can occupation.
What the committee Is doing will not
be admitted by its members, but it is
known that campaign managers are»
hopeful of finding an issue that will
eclipse the "water cure."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May 22.—Represen
tative Griggs of the Democratic Con
gressional Committee is said to be hard
at work trying to prove that the" Ameri
can army and the Republican party ha\e
been guilty of stupendous frauds during
the three years and five months the isl
and of Cuba has been under control of
the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Committee May Go to
Island in Search
of Evidence.
Seeking an Issue to
Eclipse fl s Water
Cure."
Democrats Are After
Campaign Ma=
terial.
ALLEGE
FRAUDS
IN CUBA
Continued on Page Two.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— Secretary Hay
has requested the Danish Government to
enter? into "a protocol extending one year
the period of time allowed for, the ratifi
cation of the treaty of cession of the
Danish West Indian Islands. The action
Is necessary to keep. alive the treaty aa
ratified by the United States Senate until
the Danish Rigsdag can act finally upon
it at the next session in September.
Extending Time of Ratification.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— William Page
Bryan, TTnited States Minister to Brazil,
has reported to the Department of State
that wbil^ rubber is abundant in the Up
per Amazon country, with great chances
of ample Return for its exploitation, the
climate an8 topography of : this remote
country arey such as to imperil life even
during the briefest sojourn for those un
accustomed to uninterrupted equatorial
heat. The Mortality is conservatively
reckoned at tvo' lives to each ton of rub-
Ler exported. \
Uninterrupted Equatorial
v ¦ . ' Heat.
It Is Difficult to Reach Owing to the
RUBBER IS ABUNDANT
\ BUT COSTS MANY LIVES
.\ "I started -Friday last for Mont
Pelee by the road . leading, along the
coast, from Basse Pointe, and,' ac
companied-by Telloame Chancele,
chief : engineer of the sugar works,
I reached a height of 1235 'meters
FORT DE FRANCE, May
22.— The correspondent of the As
sociated Press has had an inierviezi,
zviih M: Clerc, a member of the
Legislature of Martinique, who re
cently, explored the vicinity of Mont
Pelee. He said:
HELENA, Mont, May 22.— H. H. Mat
teson, former cashier of the First Na
tional Bank at Great Falls, was to-day in
dicted on ninety counts on the charge of
embezzling $198,000 while ca'shler of the
bank. . The testimony before the Grand
Jury disclosed the fact that Matteson was
at one time $238,000 short It is expected
he will plead; guilty to one count if the
District Attorney will, quash the others.
Resident of Helena Is Accused of
Embezzling Nearly Two Hun
dred Thousand Dollars.
FORMER BANK CASHIER
SHORT IN HIS ACCOUNTS
TWO MEN MAKE
PERILOUS TRIP
TO THE CRATER
The system will be the first of its kind
on the Pacific Coast. The company in
tends to erect a station at Point Loma,
near San Diego, and will later construct
a wireless system between the Farallones
and Point Lobos, off San Francisco, for
the United States Government. . .
LOS ANGELES, May 22.— The work of
installing the stations of the wireless tele
graph system between Los Angeles and
Catalina Island has progressed so rap
idly that the officials of the company ex
pect to transmit messages from the island
to the mainland at San Pedro by the first
week in June. The stations at Avalon, on
the island, and Point Firman, near San
Pedro, are nearing completion and the
apparatus for the Los Angeles' office has
been shipped from Denver.
Ready. /
State Will Soon Be
Stations in the Southern Part of the
WORK ON A WIRELESS
SYSTEM NEAR COMPLETION
It is impossible for assistance to
be rendered to them by human be
ings, and nothing less than -a mir
acle can save them from the awful
death' which confronts them: These
unfortunates are at Grande
Riviere. They were cut off from
escape when Mont Pelee resumed
its labors Monday. The lavq that
burst from the volcano swept away
all the roads, filled the river chan
nels so that it set the bridges afloat,
carrying them upon its surface un-
. the existence of the entire
island of Martinique. Without
cessation it has been, in eruption
since Monday. A new crater has
opened on the north side of the vol
cano, and from this lava pours in
a broad stream down to the sea.
This crater is probably the result of
the terrific explosion that occurred
early Tuesday morning, zvhen the
pent up forces seemed to, rend .the
mountain from base to summit. It
is now known that there has been
further loss of life, and, what is
more distressing,' a large number of
persons, mostly \ women and chil
dren, are imprisoned by\the r -. lava
streams which surround th em.
TT} OINTE A PITRE, Guad
j^ eloupe, May 22. — Mont
JL Pelee continues to menace
In all .Martinique the conditions
are impossible to describe. A l
though Pelee has been less ugly since
Tuesday, jt still presents an ap
pearance that is far from reassur
ing. Gun-like: reports are heard \ at
irregular intervals,, and after each
report , the mountain top. trembles
while' some, cleft in the summit
U sine Vive has been destroyed,
as has Le Carbet, zvhere '.twenty sol
diers perished. Many inhabitants
of the village are also- believed' to
have been lest, ' but it is ¦impossible
to tell the number.
In this way have the women and
children at Riviere been sur
rounded. Efforts have been made
to reach them} and though they can
be seen pleading for deliverance; it
is impossible to, give them aid.
Their supply of food is limited, if
not .wholly exhausted, and starva
tion, if not a more terrible fate;
confronts them. Gradually, bm
steadily f the rivers' of lava are
spreading, and if the eruption in
creases a wave of molten material
will sweep . away the doomed
victims.
til they were consumed , and, reach
ing the sedcoast, spread through the
crevices a boiling mass so "hot as to
be almost incandescent. ¦• /
From the Special Correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald.
Copyright, 1902, by the New York Herald' Publishing Company.
themselves. Some-, are orphans
whose parents were victims to the
rage of Pelee.
It is probable that some of the
provisions intended for Martinique
will come here. Fea.rs are ex
pressed that a pestilence will result
from the bodies that -float ashore on
all the islands. Scores of burned
and lacerated bodies have floated
ashore on Marie Gallante Island,
south of here. They are being
burned and precautions have been
taken to prevent an outbreak of
disease;
A relief committee has been
formed here, and the authorities are
doing their. utmost' to relieve the.dis
tress. Free rations have been dis
tributed, but the supply. will not last
long.
"Similar conditions prevail in many
other towns In the anthracite coal fields.
The operators must keep the pumps going
or invite damage beyond all calculations
with the probability that months or years
would be required before the mines could
again be worked."
"All these subterranean passages are
connected at some point and if the pumps
stop In any of'the mines the water will
certainly get beyond control In the others
and a great calamity would occor This
entire city is undermined and fears have
frequently been expressed that there
would be a serious cave-in. With
the tunnels turned into rivers sweeping
aside the props and timbers, there would
be danger that the city buildings would
suddenly collapse.
"There are eighteen collieries within a
radius of nine miles of here," said an
official of the mine workers, familiar
with the local situation. "Their shafts
and tunnels extend under Wilkesbarre
and the. neighboring towns of Mill Creek,
Parsons, Miners Mills, Plains, Ashley,
Sugar Notch and, Warrier Run, with a
total population of possibly 200,000.
DANGER OF A FLOOD.
It is by no means certain that the vast
body of union men now in idleness can be
held in restraint for any prolonged period.
There may be radical defections at any
moment when work is resumed in any lo
cality, and only fear will hold back the
dissatisfied.
Already sporadic acts of violence have
appeared, but until to-day nothing actu
ally serious occurred. At New Philadel
phia, however, early this morning twenty
masked United Mine Workers entered a
miners' boarding-house kept by Mrs. Car
olina Fogerty. The band was armed and
gained entrance by breaking a window.
A ncn-union miner, Thomas Creassen, was
taken from his bed and bound hand. and
foot Then a rope was placed about ,'thj
young man's neck and he was lowered
from the upper window, several shots be
ing fired to intimidate the other boarders!
Creassen was saved from the terrible fate
which awaited him by some friends in the
lower story pulling him in their window
and cutting the rope.
ACTS OF VIOLENCE.
The miners also see that an attempt will
be made by the operators to replace the
pump workers who leave with non-union
men. As this course must Inevitably pre
cipitate trouble the mine •workers assume
that the operators will at the same time
throw down the gauntlet and make the
attempt of resuming work throughout the
collieries, involving a bitter struggle for
mastery, with the certain prospects of
violence and the marching of union
armies against the 'renegades or non
union foes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 22.— Both
sides in the gTeat coal fight are forming
in line for trouble. That violence must
eventually come seems inevitable. The
operators are angry and the miners are
defiant. President Mitchell's demand that
engine drivers, flremen^and pumpmen be
paid the same wages for eight hours'
work that they now are paid for that of
ten will be resisted. The miners them
selves do not expect it to be granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The railroads brought crowds of people
to Longview Junction, where they board
ed the Texas and Pacific fast train, which
does not ordinarily stop at Lansing. The
engineer was forced, at the point of a
Winchester, to stop at the scene of the
lynching, however, 'and the mob disem
barked.
Section Foreman McKee, husband of the
woman assaulted, applied the match to
the faggots. Many women were present
from the surrounding country, but owing
to the great crush they had very little op
portunity to see the negro until the heat
forced the crowd to widen the circle and
the flames leaped over him.
From the time the first fire was applied
to the negro's body until the dying embers
alone were left, the crowd yelled and
cheered for the men who. had chased the
negro.
HUSBAND LIGHTS PYRE.
Mrs. McKee was brought to the scene In
a carriage, accompanied by four other
women, and an effort was made to get the
carriage close enough for her to see the
negro. The crowd was so dense, however,
that this was impossible. Persons held
each other on their shoulders, taking
turns about looking at the awful sight
The negro's head 'finally dropped and the
ties were piled around and over him. In
half an hour only the trunk of his body
remained. As soon as the heat would per
mit, the crowd, with long sticks, began a
grewsome search for relics. Parts of his
skull and body were gathered up by some
and carried away. As the fire died down
the crowd took the two men who first
caught the negro and held them over their
heads, while they held their Winchesters
In their hands and were photographed.
WOMEN" SPECTATORS.
Morgan confessed to having committed
the crime and after he had been securely
chained to the stake, or rail, with his
hands and legs free, the members of the
mob began to take the railroad ties from
the fire -already started and burn out
his eyes. They then held the redhot and
burning timbers to his neck, and after
burning his clothes off, burned other parts
of his body. The negro screamed. He
was tortured in a slow and painful man
ner, the mob clamoring for a slow death.
The negro, writhing and groaning, begged
piteously to be shot
The prisoner was Identified by Mrs.
McKee and several negroes who worked
on the section with Morgan. Mrs. McKee
said they had the right man and the
negro was escorted by about 200 men,
armed with Winchesters, to the place of
execution. As he was chained to the
stake 5 he made a statement j- to -wjjilch he
implicated another negro named Franklin
Heard, saying Heard was to get part of
the money which" was to be stolen.
CONFESSES THE CRIME.
When it was learned that the negro
was captured and was being taken to
Lansing the excitement of the people
knew no bounds. By 11 o'clock this morn
ing great crowds had gathered at the
Lansing switch and arrangements were
made to burn , the negro. Just before 11
o'clock the train bearing the prisoner and
his captors arrived in Marshall and was
met by a great crowd of people. Many
boarded the train at Hallville and when
It arrived at Lansing every available
place on it was occupied. Waiting at
Lansing was another large crowd from
Longview and the surrounding country.
The negro was not taken from the train
on the side where the crowd was and
when the engineer started to pull out sev
eral Winchesters were leveled at him and
others of the train crew. They were told
if they moved the train an Inch they
would all be killed.
LONG VIEW, Tex., May 22.— A man
hunt, which had been in progress since
last Saturday, ended to-day In the burn
ing at the stake of Dudley Morgan, col
ored, who assaulted Mrs. McKee, wife of
a Texas and" Pacific section foreman at
Lansing, Tex.
If Pumps Stop Work
Disastrous Floods
Will Follow.
Women in the Crowd
Witnessing Work
of Avengers.
Operators Are Angry
and the Strikers
Defiant
Texans Mete Out an
Awful Death at
1 antzinw
JLw C»£ M A *j M M m ifc • -
Negro Assailant Is
Mutilated and
Burned.
Clash on Anthracite
Coal Fields Is
Brewing.
pours a fresh stream of lava. Be
lieving that the island is doomed,
the population continues in a state
of ¦„ pitiful panic. Just as fast', as
possible they are leaving on ships.
They do not care zvhere they go.
All that they, ask is a means of
leaving the place they have come
to regard as an inferno.
Six hundred refugees have ar
rived here on the Salvador. Tzvo
hiindred more 'are expected soon.
Those who are here are in' a sad
state of poverty. Many are almost
naked, and not one has brought
more than the clothes he wears.
Among the homeless ones are many
too old or too, young to care fo>
VIOLENCE
EXPECTED
AT MINES
TORTURE
CRIMINAL
AT STAKE
MONT PELE MENACES ENTIRE ISLAND
Streams of Lava Claim New Victims and
Hopelessly Imprison Helpless Women
and Children on Stricken Martinique
NEW YORK, May 22. — Commander
Booth Tucker of the Salvation Army an
nounced to-day that the commander-in
chief. General William Booth, will visit
this country in October next.
General Booth Coming.
Miller is too bewildered and grief-
Etrlcken to make any statement. The two
Miller children were pronounced fatally
Injured. Barber is in great pain, and
while his left hand apparently must be
amputated, he has a fair chance of re
covery- Goodyear, who was dressing
when the explosion occurred, will soon re
cover. Coroner Thomas Greene is at the
scene. The Deltlte Powder Company's
loss is about $17,000 and uninsured. Mrs.
Miller was the daughter of H. C. Howard
of Igo.
Barber makes the statement that Miller
lighted a cigarette In the basement The
gas there Ignited and set off twenty tons
of deltite and explosive material. ' The
concussion occurred above him and for
this reason he was not hurt.
In the wreck of the mill lay George
Barber with his left hand and wrist
mangled and skin and flesh burned from
his back. James Goodyear was freed
from under the fallen beams of the bunk
house, and though burned and hurt, he
was able to limp away. The trees on all
Eides were uprooted and fallen and bent
Into fantastic shapes. The dead bodies
were laid upon a grassy plat and the in
jured ones soothed by friends and re
moved to Delta.
EMPLOYES IN RUINS.
A fearful scene of destruction greeted
their eyes. The plant and all the cabins
and houses in the gulch had been de
molished and the pieces scattered. George
Miller was seen struggling out of the
debris which filled the basement. He was
dazed and weak, but absolutely unhurt.
He was led away and the rescuers turned
to bis home. The walls had been shot
away and the roof had fallen to the
ground. Beneath It lay the frightfully
mangled corpse of Mrs. Miller and close
by the crushed body of her babe. The 4
year-old boy was found unconscious, with
his skull crushed. His older sister lay
bleeSlng. but still breathing.
At 8 o'clock Miller went down into the
basement. A few moments later Barber
heard a peculiar hissing sound and started
to run. As he reached the door a terrible
explosion occurred and the fragments of
the plant fell upon him at the spot to
which he was hurled. The mighty explo
sion was heard for many miles. It shook
like an earthquake the houses at Delta,
three miles away, and terrified the people.
Then they realized that the powder works
had blown up and parties with first re
lief supplies drove at a run over the trail
to the place.
SHOCK TiTTTE EARTHQUAKE
Miller smoked many cigarettes and sev
eral days ago Superintendent Orwiler saw
him smoking in the powder factory. A
severe warning was not heeded and Miller
repeated the offense. Both General Man
ager Steele and the superintendent were
absent early this morning when Miler
and George Barber went to work. James
Gocdyear lay asleep in the bunkhouse
fifty yards awaj\ Miller's wife and chil
dren were in their house.
The plant closed for the winter and
opened up four weeks ago to fill large
orders for the powder for mining: and toll
road companies under the superinten
dence of Charles Orwiler. Steele made
his; headquarters at Delta. Several men
have been employed and twenty tons of
deltite had been made and stacked up in
the building ready for dellvery.^JThe men
who worked "in the plant lived Tin bunk
houses cefir byrexcepTGeergeMrner, who
went to work In the plant last fall. .He
occupied a entail house twenty yards from
the plant with his wife, aged about 25
years, and their six-year-old daughter,
four-year-old son and six-months-old in
fant.
TONS OF EXPLOSIVE.
The Deltite Powder Works were situ
ated on McCall Gulch, three miles above
Delta and forty-five miles up the canyon
from Redding. The plant was established
last year by Everard Steele, an inventor
of San Francisco, and his associates.
They manufactured a new explosive
known as "deltite,'" and more powerful
even than dynamite.
REDDING, May 22.-George Miller, aged
S5 years, a farmer, miner and powder
maker. Is in the hands of friends, who
are trying to soothe him at Delta to-night.
Ke is half crazed with the realization that
through carelessness his wife and babe
were blown to death this morning, his
two other children so badly injured
that they can hardly survive, two men
in agony from injuries and burns
and $17,000 worth of -property was de
stroyed. Miller is declared to have
smoked a cigarette while he attended to
his work in the Deltlte Powder Com
pany" s works and the inevitable hap
per.ed.
Employe Said to Have
Been Smoking
Cigarette.
Mother and Child Die
Under Ruins of
a Home.
Terrible Explosion in
Shasta County
Ends Life.
DELTITE
CAUSES
TRAGEDY
The San Francisco Call.LOWER .ROW FROM LEFT TO
RIGHT— HELEN E, BECK, LOUISE
J. GIBSON, UMA E. VAN, SICKLE,
GEORGE M. HENCH.
PRESIDENT AND SOME GRADU
ATES OF THE UNIVERSITY QF
THE PACIFIC UPPER ROW
FROM LEFT "TO RIGHT— EWIE
M. ANDERSON, NELSON M. PAR
SONS, EVELYN R. APPLEGATE,'
CHRIS L. PETERSEN.
'Credence and consideration are given- to
their opinions by the commanders of the
warships of all nations thatare here. Th°
warships anchor far out from the land/
particularly at night; a constant watch
is kept on the mountain and the ships are
kept with steam up ready to : leave in
stantly on the coming of the threatened
explosion. -* - . . -
The ; scientists are agreed, thatr>a-vol
canic tornado destroyed St. Pierre. There
v.-as no molten lava that touched the city
I FORT DE FRANCE, May 22.-Scientists
who arrived on the cruiser Dixie say
there will be . more ' violent eruptions of
Mont Pelee before the volcano subsides.
They are of, the opinion that the, entire
island Is, in great peril.. ' .";••->'?¦
Tornado on Martinique.
Scientists Fears Another Volcanic
EXPECT MORE VIOLENCE.
Relief of Islanders. V, '
Andrea Sbarboro, treasurer of the local
Martinique relief committee, received the
following dispatch yesterday from Cor
nelius N. Bliss, treasurer of the main re
¦Ufef committee at New York:: ,
'¦ "My advices- from Washington request
committees to forward balance now in
hand and to suspend further collections
for West Indies relief fund."
Mr. Sbarboro telegraphed the following
reply: „, ..*
- lr*i? ave sent to-day balance collected,
ttttp.. Suspended further collections."
- The local subscriptions were as ap
pended:
Formerly, reported: .$3473 00
May 10.. A. .Serventl and A. Parodl... 6 00
May 19. •- Glacinto Callerl, 1 Gilroy...... • 50
May 19. Henry T. Scott 20 00
May 10. Coll. from S.. F. Chronicle... 56 00
May 19. P. K. Andrews Iv..,. ....... 5 00
May 19. J. .E. Soyston ..» 1 00
May 20. Estateof Mary A. Crocker... 100 00
May 20. Coll. from S. P. Chronicle..." 0 00
May 20. A. C. Lowell ;. 10 00
May. 20. . Hugh S. Cummtrigs . :. '' 10 00
May 20. An&lq-Callfornlan Bank ..... 60 00
May 20. Mrs. Josephine Hughes 5 00
May 20. Queeny, Evatt •.. OS
May 20.' G. B. Antognlnr. .:....;.... BOO
May 20. Coll. S: F. Call. ; 20 60
Total :..::;..;...... ; . . t. . .....: $3767 os
Marconi's. Former Sweetheart Weds, i
LONDON, May ! 22.— Miss Josephine Hol
man, \ formerly of ; Indianapolis, Ind. ,' who
was at one time engaged to marry Slgrior
Marconi of wireless telegraphy" fame/ and
Eugene Boross of -Budapest, Hungary,
were married to-day at St. Mary Abbot's
Church. Kensington, this city. The: cere
mony v was '• performed ; in • the presence - of
half '• a'- dozen -friends and the bride's
mother*
What San Franciscans Contributed to
SUBSCRIPTIONS ABE STOPPED.
Bumble Precedes an Earthquake.
SANTA ANA. May 22.— A slight earth
quake shock, sufficiently severe to rattle
windows- and waken people from sleep,
w as felt here last night at 11:40 o'clock,
ine seismic disturbance was preceded by
a distinct rumbling noise.
¦ The French gunboat Joffroy took oh
bo f r d about 150 ex-inhabltants of the
neighborhood of Le Barbet. It is ¦ esti
mated that about 3000 persons will, by
night time to-day, have left Fort de
France for the extreme southern part of
the island. • ,. ¦
and the fall of -stones was not great
enough- to encompass the destruction of
the city, which .they say went down be
f ore a force; of -the flaming blasts alone.
The same phenomena are recurring at
regular intervals: -Men were driven from
the ruins this afternoon by a fresh erup
tion and it is believed that another blast
such as shriveled up St. Pierre in half a
minute may belch forth from the crater
at any moment.
The Suchet reports that a»-she ap
proached the point where the land was
in a better state of preservation a shower
or sulphur and stones caused those of
the population of Morne Rouge who had
remained there hastily to evacuate that
place. ,;¦ : . .:• .. •. . . . • . . ¦.. ' ¦
the\ students *to thitak-, study ¦ ind investi
gate/; . : _7 '•>,¦:•:: .--; ':-ir> ¦¦•¦, '-¦*?
;A?.vocal; solo, ;,"Sp.ringtide". (Becker), by.
Miss Nell.aVRogersv f fpllowed:,V.Dr.- Eli Me-
Cli8h.r.the-j)residehfi" of the>' university,
then conferred ;the x degree"supon:the grad
uating class:: witji' • a ./-few appropriate
words.' The degrees are as follows:
Master ofr .:Arta— -Kdear R. Bryant.
Ph.B., '85: Ph,M.ir"88.- John Henry Wil
liams. A. B.,r;09.' '.William Miller, B. S., '00.
MaBter of Science^— Tong Sing Kow, Ph.B., '87
Newton Eno Richardson, B. S., '01. Bachelor
or Arts — EvvleVMadellne Anderson, Helen Eb
telle Beck, Lula Estelle Klnaey, David Rolston.
Bachelor of Science— Chrig Lawrence Petersen.
Bachelor of Letter?—^Sebrge Marlon Heneh
Nelson Marvin Parsons. -Bachelor of Musl<s
Evelyn Ray Applegate,' Louise Jane Gibson.
Grace Isabel n.oua4,< : (Jma Edna Van Sickle.
Graduates In Artr-V«vlan ¦ Boyce, Lizzie J.
Wilson. - i ; --- • .
Honorary degrees' of. Doctor of Divin
ity, were, conferred; on A. T. Needham of
Psciflc Grove and the Rev.. George Guth
of San Francisco.' 1 . •
aftbtJCET'/RCmi. FROM.uLEFTi.JFO ~
; .4£l>AVlE>' .'ft iR'oLSTpN, '"
. GR ACE T." ROiySE,' PRESIDENT
':'v^OLTSH;tLTJi;A-:E. KINSEY.
The refugees who were landed at this
place had, as a rule, nothing with them
but the clothes they wore when they left
Fort de France and they are now 'sup
ported by public funds or private sub
scriptions. ...
j The steamers at Fort de France kept" .a
large number of people on board until
evening, when the phenomena subsided
and most of the refugees were put ashore
On Tuesday steamers took away the des
titute people, who remained on board, and
also a number of paying passengers.
Three hundred refugees were landed here
and 1500 were taken to the island of Guad
eloupe.
"The panic-stricken people rushed out
of their houses, some making for the
mountains In the interior of the island
aiid others seeking to escape on board
the shipping In port.
"The scene was one of the wildest con
fusion. Whole families assembled on the
Jetties and alongvthe beach, nearly all of
them falling on their knees and scream
ing forth appeals for boats to take them
to the steamers, to which Bome of the
men swam off." - . .
The commencement address was made
by the Rev. W. K. .Beans, D. D., of the
First Methodist Church in Sacramento
His theme was "Getting Up in the
World." He took his text from the
Bible, "And Jesus increased in wisdom
and in favor with God and man." He
said culture was three-fold, physical
mental and spiritual. - A strong, health
ful and well-developed body, with a
trained and disciplined mind, and a heart
lcyal, loving and obedient to God, is the
shining ideal. Ignorance, idleness and
sinfulne3S. kept- men. down. He advised
tions became louder. Councilor Labat
related thrilling stories of escapes from
the environs of St. Pierre, which he
gathered from refugees. • . .
"On Saturday, at 3 in the afternoon,"
he said, "an incessant rain of ashes ob
scured the sky, and at 5 o'clock total
darkness prevailed. The population gen
erally was unnerved. Sunday was light
er, but the ash rain continued with an oc
casional fall of lava, slag and pumice,
and continuous rumblings from the moun
tain, and the feeling of anxiety continued.
"At 5:30 a. m. on Monday a singular
phenomenon was witnessed in the eastern
sky. Clouds like gigantic white ostrich
plumes rose high in the heavens. . They
had luminous linings, which were mistak
en for flames, though they were only
caused by the rays of the rising sun, and
threw .the people into consternation.
"At noon the sea began to recede with
a heavy ground swell, tossing the ship
ping so severely that vessels broke from
their moorings. Then a long, rolling
wave spread over the sea front. It did
little damage, however, and. the sea again
receded and left a considerable area of
the shore permanently uncovered. At the
sarne time the ash rain became twice as
violent and pebbles fell. They were fol
lowed by pieces of heavy rock, some of
which weighed from three to twelve
pounds each.
A violin solo. "Hungarian Fantasio"
(Hubay), by Professor Henry L. Bett
man, opened the exercises. The Rev.
Francis , Reid, '87, gave the • invocation.
Piano solos. "Etude de Concert" (Liszt)
and "Polonaise" (Douillet), were rendered
by Dean Pierre Douillet.
The commencement exercises began this
morning at 11 o'clock in the Conserva
tory of Music. The stage was .banked
with potted plants and flowers, and red,
white and blue streamers from either side
formed a knot "in front of the platform.
Upon the stage were the graduating
Class in cap and gown, President Mc-
Clish and members of the- faculty and
Board of Trustees.
to-day. Large audiences at
tended the exercises both morn
ing, afternoon and evening. To-day was
more of a gala occasion than usual, as
figuratively, speaking mortgages to the
extent of $61,000 were burned, and the in
stitution, which is the leading Methodist
college on the coast, starts out clear of
debt. Besides there is a prospect of an
endowment fund of $100,000 being raised.
Work on this is now being carried von/
Prominent divines and members of '.tha ;
alumni from all over the State were)
present to-day. K
SAN JOSE, May 21.— The fifty-first
annual commencement exercises
of the University of the Pa
cific were held at College Park
This afternoon the exercises were of a
semi-business nature and were congratu
latory of the condition of the university.
They were opened by singing. The Rev.
A. R. Willis of Santa Rosa offered a
prayer.- H. B. Heaeock, the secretary of
the trustees, said $61,000 indebtedness had*
been wiped out by subscriptions raised in
the last year. While they had Intended to
burn the mortgages, on after-thought
they concluded to keep them and file
them away in the archives. The school
was absolutely free from debt, and steps
had been taken to secure an income' of
$3000 per year by subscriptions. The plan
was for sixty men to . give $50 each, and
already ten men had come forward. This
with the income of the school would put
the institution on a solid footing. J.. R.
Lewis delivered an address and Miss
Nella Rogers rendered a vocal solo. Brief
addresses were made by Mrs. R. L. Hig
gins, Mrs. Lulu Blanchard, Jere Lelter
and T. C. MacChesney. W. J. Hiiies ren
dered an original song.
The alumni reunion and banquet was
held this evening, and there was also a
reception at President McClish's home.
A musical and literary programme was
rendered at the reunion, after which a
banquet was served to the alumni. Profes
sor R. D. Hunt wasitoastmaster. The re- J
eponses were as follows: "Class of '92"
C. L. Petersen; "Spirit of Modern Cul
ture," E. M. Hill, '93; "University of Pa
cific,"^ Dr. McCHsh; "Woman and Chris
tian Culture." Professor Lulu Mayne
"Press and Public," J. O. Hayes; "Parting
Words," Dr. H. B. Heacock. Dr. A. 'S.
Gibbons^of Redwood City and others
made informal remarks.
.The graduates were the recipients of
many beautiful floral offerings. A dinner
was served *at noon in the maple grove
on the grounds by the ladies of the Col
lege Park Methodist Church. . •
POPE MAY NOT BECE1VE
THE TAFT COMMISSION
Official Notification Sent Out From
ment in Vatican Circles.
"Washington Causes Disappoint-
ROME, May 22.— Doubt is felt in Vatican
circles as to whether, the Pope, after all,
will give an official reception to the Tuft
Commission. Official notification nt the
arrival of the commission here at the end
of May has been received at the United
States embassy and has caused disappoint
ment . at the Vatican, as it specifically
eliminates all the political aspects sought
to be attached to the commission; sets
forth that the commission must not in
any way be regarded as an American rec
ognition of the Vatican's policy toward
Iialy, and points out that the commission
Is of a purely business character and in
no way connected with politics.
CASTRIE, Island of St. Lucia, B. W. I.,
May 22. — M. Labat, the senior town coun
cilor of Fort de France, who was among
the refugees who arrived here yesterday
from Martinique on the Norwegian steam
er Helgia, accompanied by his entire
family, v.-as interviewed to-day by a cor
respondent. He said that since the St
Pierre disaster the population of Fort
de France had been excited and anxious
This was intensified as the ash showers
from Mont Pelee thickened, pumice rain
ed more often and the frequent detona-
Refugees Are Clamoring to Get Away
\ From ihe Island. * •
PANTC AT FORT DE FRANCE.
The recent rains of ashes and volcanic
rocks which have fallen here caused so
much consternation among the inhabi
tants of Fort de France that those who
have not left the city are anxious to do
so, and large numbers are emigrating to
the Island of Guadeloupe, where it is now
estimated here 1200 people from Martin
ique have already sought shelter.
During her last exploring trip about the
island the French cruiser Suchet, which
did not stop at St. Pierre, noticed that all
the formerly cultivated land between
Grand Riviere and Marigot has been com
pletely destroyed. The Inhabitants of
those two towns have suffered and arc
still suffering a great deal, but they have
not yet determined to abandon those lo
calities and efforts are being made to sup
ply them with provisions.
"Our descent from the mountain was
more difficult than our ascent. A blinding
rain of ashes fell upon us and the engi
neer was nearly killed by a large stone
which fell near him. We succeeded in
reaching Basse Pointe on our return,
after having been four hours on the
mountain under the most dangerous cir
cumstances."
"The rims of the crater have very much
changed in appearance. The heat where
we stood was intense and the whole as
pect of the mountain was terrifying.
"Stones fell around us and we picked up
large pieces of sulphur, which, however,
we were unable to retain. The whole spot
was charged with electricity, which be
came so violent that we were obliged to
retreat.
without difficulty, and was able to ascer
tain that the present crater is about 300
meters in diameter. On the east it is
overlooked by Morne la Croix, the cul
miuating point of the Island, having an
altitude of 1250 meters, which Is complete
ly crumbled as a result of the volcanic
action and might easily collapse. The
Morne. Petit Bon Homme has an Incan
descent aspect.
"In order to make known our presence
at the point where we stood, I waved a
piece of white cloth, attached to a stick,
in the air, which was replied to. by a cor
responding signal from an inhabitant nf
Morne Rouge, who signaled in this man
ner In order to show that he saw us.
"We felt a number of electric commo
tions and our shoes were damaged by the
heat. The pond, which was situated hear
Morne la Croix, is completely dried up.
The iron cross which stood at the foot of
the mountain has been melted. Only the
base of the mansonry where the cross
stood and the lower part of the foot of
the cross can be seen.
Continued From Page One.
After brief exchanges the entire party
proceeded to the East room, where the
reception by President Roo3evelt was
heloV' The President was * accompanied
by Miss Alice Roosevelt and Miss Carew,
a relative of Mrs. Roosevelt. Grouped
about the President were members of his
Cabinet and other distinguished officials,
many accompanied by ladies. As tHe
French Embassador '¦ presented each of
the official guests the President gave
him a warm grasp of the hand and spoke
a few words of felicitous welcome. On
both sides there were many expressions
of international good will and of last-
Ing friendship between the two republics.
This afternoon the United States naval
yacht Sylph took the party to - Mount
Vernon, where two Interesting cere
monies occurred— the planting of a tree
brought from the battlefield of Yorktown,
where . Rochambeau and - Lafayette
snared the fortunes of war with Wash
ington, and the laying of a beautiful
wreathion the tomb of Washington. ' -. :
The carriages, about a dozen in num
ber, wheeled into Pennsylvania avenue
and proceeded to the White House,
where Count Rochambeau and his party,
Ambassador and Mme. Cambon and
others waited to greet them and where
at 10:30 o'clock President Roosevelt offl
cially received the party in the East
room. . . -. .
An interesting event-of the evening was
the presentation to Mrs. " Roosevelt of a
rare collection of sketches and engrav-.
ings, a gift from the Premier of the
French Cabinet,; M. Waldeck-Rousseau.
The remaining members of the- notable
party sent to represent the French Gov
ernment at the ceremony of - unveiling
the Rochambeau statue arrived here
over the Pennsylvania road at 10 o'clock
from Annapolis. Troop G of the Second
Cavalry, from Fort Myer, was drawn up
in front of the station and saluted on
the appearance of the visitors. Assist
ant Secretary of State Pierce entered the
first of the open carriages in waiting with
the ranking members of the party, and
several members of the French em
bassy also acted as escort.
During the dinn'er President Roosevelt
proposed the toast, "To the President of
the French Republic and to the People
of France." Embassador Cambon gave
the toast, "The President of the United
States," and made a graceful speech.;
Secretary Hay proposed "The members
of the Rochambeau Mission." General
Brugere' responded. '" "~ ¦ . : :
WASHINGTON, ¦* May 22.— A state din
ner was given at the White House to
night by President and Mrs. Roosevelt: in
honor of the distinguished visitors from
France who are in -this country in con
nection with the' ' Rochambeau statue,
ceremonies.- . The/ company invited - to
meet the. visitors included! members, of
the Cabinet, .Senators' and Representa
tives in ;Congress and high officials of
the army and navy. # " •
y.The President, who sat at the head of
t^he table, had at his right Mme. Cam-'
bon, the wife of the French Embassa
dor, while! at his left was the Countess
Rochambeau, • who had' at' her ; left the.
Ambassador of France. The Count de
Rochambeau escorted Miss Carew to the
table,"' and ; the * Count de Lafayette es
corted Mrs. Payne, wife of the 'Post
master General. , •, '. '*4" v ,¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' '
Remaining Memb~ers of Party
Arrive at Washington
Prom Annapolis.
FELEE MENACES ENTIRE ISLf D
the dark streets, waiRng and screaming,
and running aimlessly about the town.
The mental strain becoming unendur
able, the Topaz was got ready at 3 a. m.,
the refugees hurriedly went on board
and started for St. Lucia, At 2 p. m. the
party having placed their families in
safety, returned by the Topaz to Marti
nique.
In the meantime telegrams were being
sent from Martinique imploring that a
steamer might be chartered to bring
away terrified people from St. Pierre.
But the superintendent of the Royal Mail
Company at Barbadoes would not allow
one of the coasting boats, the onjy
steamer available, to go to Martinique.
At a little before 5 p. m. cable communi
cation was Interrupted, and remains so.
Estates and buildings were covered by
the fiery wave, which appeared to rise
to a height of some twenty feet over an
area of nearly a quarter of a mile. When
the torrent had poured itself into the sea
It was found that the Guerin sugar fac
tory, situated on the beach near the
mouth of the Riviere Blanche, some five
miles dista-nt from the mountain and two
from St. Pierre, was entirely embedded
in lava, the tall chimney alone being vis
ible. The burning mass of liquid had
taken only three minutes from the time it
was first perceived to reach the sea, four
miles away. Then a remarkable phenom
enon occurred. The sea receded all along
the we7t coast for a distance of about a
hundred yards and returned with great
ptrength, covering up the whole of the
Bea front of St. Pierre and reaching the
first houses on the Place Berlin. This
created a panic and the people ran terror
stricken toward the hills. Though the sea
receded again, without any great damage
being done ashore or afloat, * the panic
continued, intensified by the terrible de
tonations which broke from the moun
tain at short and irregular intervals, ac
companied by dense emissions of smoke
and lurid flashes of flame. This was aw
ful in daylight, but when darkness fell it
was more terrible still, and at each mani
festation of the volcano's anger people in
their night clothes, carrying children and
guided by any sort of lamp or candle they
had caught up in their haste, ran out into
COVERED BY FIEBY WAVE.
At about 9 a. m. on the morning of the
6th a private telegram was received from
Martinique, advising that the Plissoneau
family had chartered the steamer Topaz,
one of the boats of the Compagnie Girard,
and had started for St. Lucia at 5 a. m.
At about 11 o'clock the Topaz arrived
with Mrs. Plissoneau, Mr. and Mrs. Jo
seph Plissoneau and three children, Mrs.
Pierre Plisonneau and child, Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Ernoult and three children;
Mr. and Mrs. C A. McHugh and four
children, Mr. and Mrs. Gaston de Grand
maison and three children, Henri de
Pompignan, Mrs. Anatoie de Pompignan,
Miss Cecile de Pompignan, Masters Maur
ice de Pompignan. Ernest and Gabriel
Hayot and Miss Susane Hayot.
They report that at noon on Monday,
May 5, a stream of burning gas had sud
denly rushed down the southwestern
slope of the mountain and following the
course of Riviere Blanche, the bed of
which is dry at this season of the year,
had overwhelmed everything which ob
structed it? tremendous rush to the sea.
Nothing happened, however, and on
Monday morning. May 5, although every
thing was not quite serene, the aspect
was decidedly encouraging. Less excite
ment prevailed.
A very anxious morning was passed at
Martinique May 4. Thanks, however, to a
sea breeze from about 11 a. m., the situa
tion then appeared better, but as the
breeze died away at sunset a large quan
tity of ashes again began to fall and the
mountain and its environs presented a
most dismal spectacle, causing much
alarm as to what the night would bring
forth.
ESCAPE ON A STEAMEB.
to-day. The following are ex
tracts from the Voice of St. Lucia, printed
at Castries, St. Lucia, May S: Mount
Pelee in the last days of April began to
show signs of uneasiness. On May 3 it
began to throw out 'dense volumes of
smoke and at midnight belched out
flame*, accompanied by rumbling noises.
At 5:30 a. m. flames were again visible
and similar noises were audible. At the
foot of Mont Pelee are the villages of L©
Precheur and St. Philome. The Inhabi
tants were thrown into tne greatest-con
sternation by the sights and sounds of the
laboring mountain, especially by the
darkening of the sky by volumes of thick
smoke and the clouds of aches which be
gan to fall. There was an exodus from
all the districts. The town of St. Pierre
was, on the morning of last Saturday,
covered with a layer of ashes about one
quarter of an inch thick and appeared as
though enveloped in a fog. The mountain
was invisible, being wrapped in the smoke
which issued from it. The greatest
anxiety prevailed and all business was
suspended.
NEW YORK, May 22.— The West
Indian newspapers, containing
accounts of the volcanic out
break, began to Yeach New York
State Dinner Is Given by
President to French
Representatives.
From St. Lucia Comes Story of the Mar=
Unique Horror Up to Break
ing of Cable.
HIGH OFFICIALS
GREET VISITORS
PLEAD FOR VESSEL
TO ESCAPE VOLCANO
THE SAO* FRAM^O, CALL, E1?IMY, J\!AV 23, 1002.
Fifty-First Year of the Methodist Institution in Santa Clara
County Finds It Free From All Debt and Proudly
Possessed . of Every ;, Requisite to Enjoy Prosperity
REJOICING MARKS COMMENCEMENT
AT UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC
2
OCEAH TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast .Steamship Ca
FOR-
l^EAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR 0 P. M.. JUNE 1
VALENCIA 0 P. M.. JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips - to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. Forpassenger rates and Noma
folder, apply TICKET OjFFICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUN ANN. Gen. Pass. A*ent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st- San Francisco.
O.R.&.N. CO,
. ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
i PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All -
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
X*O"VV:H!S f X 1 HATES.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23, June 2. 12. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
May 18. 28, Jun« T. 17
Steamer sails from foot of. Spear st., 11 a. ra»
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. SvF.
TOYO KISEN KAISBI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m-.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki ana Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Ko cargo received oa board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
- Friday, June 6. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, June 28. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday. July 24. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. ;. Kor
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. . %
i W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanicss.co.SM
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu .....i:
Saturday, "May 31, 2 p.m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. .'. .....
.-• Sunday, June 9, 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, June 12, 10 a. m.
I. r. SPEECms k Bros. CO., Gensial Azts., 329 Mamt
Gei'I Pass, (fflce. 643 Mai&et St.. Pier Ha. 7. Padfls St,
PACIFIC; STEAM NAVIGATION! COJ
And. Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso; stopping: at" Mexican, Central
and ' South American ports. Sailing- from- How-
ard 3,'Pier 10, 12 nu- . . ¦. ¦ . > ; . . • . •
PALENA......June 7ITUCAPEL ....July 19
COLOMBIA. . . .June 271GUATEMALA; .Aug.- «
: These steamers ar» built expressly for Cen-
| tral | and South American passenger service
1 (No change at-Acapulco or Panama.) ' Freight
; and passenger office, 316 California street •>
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
COMPASOTS OBOTSSAUE TB1H8ATLA5TIQTO
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ~1"'
Bailing every Thursday. Instead of <« gfe
Eaturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦VtiWral
North River, foot of Morton street. ¦-
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, ¦ $45 and upward. GENERAI*
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES -and 13^
ADA - W S r0^l w »'" <Hudaon building). New
York. J. P. FUGAZI & CO.. Padno ; CMst
Agents. S Montgomery avenue, San Franclaco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket ' Agentj.
I AMERICAN 1.1XE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONXKK*.
Phlla ....May 28, 10am St. Louis. June 11. lOam
St. Paul.. June 4, 10am Phila . ...June 18. 10am
RED STAR LIXE.
I NKW YORK, ANTWERP, PARIS.
Kenslngtn.May28. noonlFreesland.Junell. noon
Zeeland...June 4. noon|Southwrk..JunelS. nooa
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAB.'P. TAYLOR. Q.A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y St.
BAY AND EIVER STEA2IEBS.
FcFiTs. NAVY^YARD ANO^YALLEJO,
Steamers 6EN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
8:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sua-
day.' Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. S p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. .7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
o»ce. pier 2. iUsaloa-streat dock. HATCH
BROS, '¦'-*-.>¦ - * . •.- ¦•¦¦"¦-
PDTTCUITC FOR BARBERS. 5AK-
gnu btig b s*^srs!» isa
brewers,' bookbinders, candy-makers, cmnera,
dyers, ¦ flourmllls, ' foundries, laundries,' paper-
hangers, -. printers, painters,- shoe factories
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, ; tailort, etc '
bLiCHAWA.i BROS.. /
Brush Manufacturera. 60S Sacramento St
XV i «ir irv Be <l», Chairs. Stoves. Etc.
I A Ail I I Tent " tor Rent *nd for Sale.
I /I IVl B-^ Gun s. Rifles, Fishing Tackla
Lj /¦« Mf I and Sporting fioods. Send
Vnil JL J| lor Catalogue. /SHREVE A
,' ••. -r~, COi 733 Market
and 511 Kearny sf
Weak Men and/Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
Great' Mexican. Remedy; gives health and
itrength to sexual orsans. Depot. 323 Market. ''
VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY ia'r MEN
¦S&T •""^Bft. , MORMON BISHOP'S g PILLa
A^iawrJwnL have been in use over fifty
¦Jl£$5'S i Hil L* ars by the lea <ier» of ths
I^RSiSwS^ Mormon Church and their
l§ffl^*5r$sl followe «- Positively cure the
¦Rrw^'lKSBflf ' worBt cases in- old and young
fSV^AEW arlsln S from effects of aeif-
«Sa9&J«l*ly abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, • Impotency, Lost
W31E8F Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pain* In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unntnes™to Marl
ry, Lob» of 8emen. ... *m f^ Varlcocels or Con-
•"Pftjon- Stop Ner , Q G vou » Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote . C«»T» ncy t0 ev func _
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand
restore ¦ small, undeveloped organs. .Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a' box- 6 for
*2 50 by r.iall. ; A. written guarantee to cure or
money refunded . with 6 boxes.' Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st "
Ban Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.' 38
Mid. 40 Third 8C - *
REGALISM/
Wear, — without style, — may be had in
Brogans, or in Moccasins*
Some style, without wear,*may be had in
some $3.50 shoes*
But the combination of Regal wear, with
$6.00 style and fit — at $3*50 — is exclusive
with the Regal Shoe*
No other shoe combines these, because no
other carries but one profit
Sold direct by the Makers, from Tannery
to Consumer, through their own 45 stores, and
by mail only*
Style book tells the story.
Sold oaly in 45 Regal Stores from Atlantic to Pacific, and London.
Alss by mail.
SAN FRANCISCO STORE-
S. V. Corner Stockton and Geary Stree's.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L. ¦'. Steamers leave BroadTraT,
|"9H»ir Wharf. San F*rancl3co:
l^^SlBii; For Ketchikan. Juneau.
R^^^»!^^ BkagTvay. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
6l$TN57v»«\ m - Ma ? H- 1G - 21- 26 » 31 -
: IfAraWl June 5. Change to com-
ffsSPvWsii pany's eteamera at Seattle.
) r""SS^^Wa'- For Victoria. Vancouver.
•"¦ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. E!verett. Whatcom—
11 a. m.. May 11. 16. 21. 26, 31. Jun© 5. Cnan*.
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N By.: at Seattle or Tacoma to 2**
P. By.: at Vancouver to C. P. v By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. «n..
May 12. IT. 22. 27. June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelas and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. .Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea»t
Sau Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Lnls Oblspo
<vla Port Harford). Ventura. Huenema aad
•Newport (*Bonlta only).
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. May 14. 22. SO. Jun» 7.
Bonita. ft a. nx. May 10. 18. 26. Juns 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month. •
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TIC"^F,T rtT-pxCE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
ADVEETISESISK'TS.
For style and quality here is the biggest value in
hats for the money that you have seen. in a long time.
We are selling tourist shape hats of good quality
felt and workmanship for only 90c.
• The shape, as you know, is very popular, while the
v. colors are the latest You can get a hat in black, brown,:U
... pearl, steel or elm; the pearls come with black or pearl
bands; the steels with black or steel bands, and the elms \
in black bands ; 7 you can also have your choice of a brim
with or without binding. \. "
These hats, or rather hats like. them, sell about town
for .,$1.-50; if any purchaser is not satisfied with the hat .
at 90c. he can have 'his money back, even if he has worn
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
7?8 Market Street.
A Good Hearted
Man,
or in other "words, men with
good sound hearts, are not very
numerous. The increasing
number of sudden deaths from
heart disease / ¦
icled by the j§ Igl&k
press, is proof M&&Z -<p^f\
of the alarm-
in<j preva- &?k *H*C
lence of this *0^^~/y^>
dangerous JS^ jjsrjf^
complaint, S 1^^<fc
and as no one '^^\^^
can foretell Wm<$r '¦
just when a
fatal collapse J: A - Kre.mor.
will occur, the Hanger of neg-
lecting treatment is certainly a
very risky matter. If you are
short of breath, have pain in
left side, smothering spells, pal-
pitation, unable to lie on side,
especially the left, you should
begin taking
MUeV Heart Cure.
..J. A. Kreamer of Arkansas City, Kans^
says: "My heart was so bad it was im-
possible for me to lie down, and I could
neither sleep nor rest My decline was
rapid, and I realized I must get help
soon, I was advised to try Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure, which I did, and candidly
believe it saved my life."
Dr. Miles* Remedies are sold
by all druggists on guarantee.
Or. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
jyyj THE most SEa
COMFpRTABLE LrlNE,
'\ to be oiy is the SaoytaL Fe . Living
orv tKe CaliFoirua Linvited. i>s ats
lux\irious a^s residing" iiv 2ic<>f
. Fif 1*K Avenue p2vla.ee. Sumptu-
ous appointments; myriads of* 1]
real electric li<?his -«r -^ v»
Chicago 1t\ three days
\} r City TicKet Office 64l*MzirKet Si*. \Senator Beveridge brought out the fact
that the witness had resided for forty
three ye*rs in' the Straits Settlement and
asked him for his opinion of the capacity
of the Malay for self-government. • "I
think they are very defective," , he said.
It would be, a crime, in his opinion, to re
move the present American restraints In
the Philippines.
• In response to questions f rom . Senator
Carmack Bishop Thoburn : expressed the
opinion that the < Philippine people are
better disposed toward American mission
aries than they were at the close of the
Spanish. War. ' In 'proof of • this statement
he said'. that there is now an - attendance
of 12,000 people at the Methodist church in
Manila,' and that both In that city and
the outlying provinces it was almost im
possible, to meet the demand for teachers
and preachers. ..-.- ¦¦¦', ¦•¦.'•¦'.. ', '¦_.
< Senator. Dubois asked for a statement as
to the moral and intellectual capacity of
the Filipinos. Witness replied: .','-..•¦ •. v
i In many respects they are like the American
Indians. There is no coherence among 'them.
They are" divided . into tribes and- the biggest
man among them is generally recognized as a
sultan. They are bright and quick, but not
profound,' and. I: am afraid' they- are treach
erous. - "' •;
If the Filipino. Government should be estab
lished and you had been asked whether you
thought such establishment ,waa< the- act . Of
God., would you ask. to defer your. opinion? -~
i I would not say it was the act of God. • -
'¦ You would say It was 'the aet'of the afevil?
No -I 'would. not: $ I would eay It was the act
of American politicians, • .;
He added that he believed that with an
Independent Philippine Government 1 the
Macabebes would be exterminated within
twelve months. - ..;>"" .
"WASHINGTON, May " 22.— Bishop Tho
burn of. the Methodist Episcopal Church,
statlonedin Indiana, -was before the Sen
ate Committee on the Philippines to-day.
He said the American occupation of the
Philippines was an act of God - and it
should be continued. This led' to, quite a
long line 'of questions by Senator Patter
son, In which the Bishop was . asked
whether the occupation- of Cuba was an
act/Of -God; 'and when he replied:. in the
affirmative, ' Senator Patterson asked if.
the withdrawal also was .the' act of God.
• "It Is too soon to answer that," he re
plied. "The United States may have to
go . back there." ... . * " - "' •" : • ¦ .?-. .
The line of the Bishop's testimony in
part is indicated by . the following 1 ques
tions by Senator ; Patterson ..and. Bishop
Thoburn's: responses: - . S..~ '
Says It Would Be a Crime to
Remove the Existing
"Restraints.
Bishop- Thoburn Likens
Them to the American
•Indians. :
SAYS FILIPINOS
LACK COHERENCE
An amendment to the rules was adopted
requiring that conference reports should
be printed in the Congressional Record
before being presented to the House.
The House disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the omnibus public build
ing bill and.it was sent to conference.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— The House .to
day resumed discussion of the immigra
tion bill. Almost the entire day was
t aken up with the amendment offered
by Underwood of Alabama, requiring an
educational test for immigrants to this
country. It was adopted.
An Educational Test.
Teller of Colorado delivered a speech In
the nature of a history of the legislative
proceedings through which the new Cu
ban republic was erected.
Spontaneous applause swept over, the
Senate and the galleries at the conclusion
of the speech. Such a demonstration is
very unusual on the floor of the Senate.
So pronounced was It that the presiding
officer called the attention of Senators to
the rule prohibiting any expression of ap
proval or disapproval.
Hoar confined himself closely to his
manuscript. .He denounced the attitude
of the Government in the Philippines as
ono of the most wicked and foolish chap
ters in American history. He urged that
the United States should withdraw from
the Philippines and permit the people
there to erect their own government, as
had been done in Cuba. He sharply ar
raigned General Funston for the methods
ho pursued in the capture of Aguinaldo,
and intimated strongly that had the Sen
ate been aware of the facts Funston
might not have been confirmed In his re
cent promotion. He hoped that, as the
irrevocable step had not been taken by
the United States, better counsels would
yet prevail and that this Government
would leave the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— A notable
contribution to the discussion of the Phil
ippine question was made in the Senate
to-day by Hoar of Massachusetts. Hla
views on the subject are well understood,
but his expression of them to-day was
profoundly interesting and even Impres
sive. When the venerable Senator began
to speak every Senator at the Capitol
was in his seat, and for the two hours
and a half his address consumed he was
accorded the most careful attention not
only by his colleagues on the floor, but
also by the people in the thronged gal
leries.
Urges the Withdrawal of the
United States from the
Islands.
Denounces Attitude of
the. Government in
the Philippines.
HOAR DELIVERS
CAUSTIC SPEECH
WASHINGTON, - May 22.— Postmasters
"commissioned: California— Maria Hen
nessy,.Burnt Ranch; Mary Mills, Giant.
Washington— Charles A. Phillips. Wilbur.
California— C. T. Watkins.
Davis Creek, Modoc County, vice Thomas
Briles," resigned. • ; . • -
The following increases of postmasters'
salaries In California were announced to
day: Berkeley, from $2600 to $2700; Han
ford, from $2200 to $2300; Los Angeles,
from $3700 to $3800; San Bernardino, from
$2300 to $2400; Santa Ana, from $2200 to
$2300.
Army orders— Major William* L, Kneed
ler, surgeon, is ordered from West Point,
N. Y., to San Diego Barracks, Cal., re
lieving contract surgeon William G.
Gregory, who will proceed to the General
Hospital at the Presidio of San Francisco
for duty there. , '
Second Lieutenant Henry R. Casey, ar
tillery, goes from San Francisco to Fort
Canby, Wash. . ¦
Salaries of Several Postmasters Are
Slightly Increased and Army
Orders Are j Announced.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE r
r * OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, May 22.-The Commit
tee on Rules of the House/by. ~ strict
party vote, decided to-day to give a day
for the consideration of the Corliss Pa
cific Cable bill and to report a rule to
that effect. No time-was set for the con
sideration of this bill, as it will take its
place at the foot of special orders, which
take precedence by reason of previous re
port. Richardson and Underwood, the
Democratic members of the committee,
opposed the rule for the reason that the
Democratic members on the Committee
on Interstate and Foreign Commerce
were opposed to the' bill. The rule when
reported will provide that amendments
are germane to the bill which will throw
the entire subject of international cable
into -the House for consideration. It is
expected that the bill will" be' called up
the last part of next week, previous spe
cial orders having the right of way.
Three days will be given to the consid
eration; of the Newlands irrigation bill,
two days for general debate - and one
day under the five-minute rule.- The com
mittee was unanimous in not only bring
ing in the rule, but. the length of time
the- irrigation bill 'should be considered.
It is expected that .the irrigation bill will
be reported the first' week in June.
Committee to Draft and Re
port Rule to That
Measure Will Be Placed
at Foot of Special
Orders.
HOUSE TO TAKE
UP CABLE BILL
SCENE AT THE EIGHTEENTH
EXHIBITION OF THE STATE
FLORAL SOCIETY.
LA CROSS*:, Wia., May 22.— Railroad traffic
in and out of La Crosse is still tied up by
the effects of the recent storm. On the Du
buque division of the Chicago. Milwaukee and
St. Paul read there has been no train for
three days.
Bishop McQuald, the venerable Bishop
of Buffalo, presided. The meeting occu
pied an hour and a half. The priests said
that they had taken a pledge not to re
veal the nara es which had been mentioned
on the list finally compiled, but every ref
erence to B!;shop Farley was heard with.
Ill-concealed enthusiasm by many of tho
rectors.
All the members of the body, upon
which falls In a large degree the selection
of Archbishop Corrigan's successor, ar
rived at the palace a few minutes before
the hour appointed for the meeting. Bal
loting took place in the library on the sec
ond floor.
Mass was celebrated In the cathedral
this morning at 10 o'clock and at 11 o'clock:
there was held in the Arch Episcopal Pal
ace a meeting of the fcody. which is prac
tically a local College of Cardinals. The
meeting was one toward which the atten
tion of the archdiocese is turned and the
greatest interest centered in the delibera
tions. . There was o. gathering of priests
in the cathedral for the regular confer
ence. These were from that part of the
archdiocese east -of the Harlem River
and they showed the liveliest interest In,
the outcome of the voting.
In connection with the voting to-day it
was learned on- good authority that there
had been a complimentary vote for Bishop
Spaldlng of Peoria, III.
If Bishop Farley is chosen by the Pope
to be Archbishop the friends of Mon
signor Mooney expect him, to be made
Auxiliary Bishop.
NEW YORK. Ma.y 22.— By a secret bal
lot the Irremovable rectors and consulters
of the Archdiocese; of New York at 11
o'clock to-day named their candidates for
Archbishop of Ne tv York to succeed the
late Monsignor Corrigan. Although all
were pledged to secrecy, the re
port was that the choice for the
office had fallen upon the Right
Rev. John M. Fa-rley, auxiliary Bishop ot
New York; that Bishop Charles E. Mc-
Donnell had been selected as Dignlor and
that the Very Rev. Monsignor Joseph F.
Mooney was named as Digmus.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Result of Election Is to Be
Sent to the Pope for
His Approval.
Clergy Name Him to
Succeed Archbishop
Corrigan.
BISHOP FARLEY
IS THEIR CHOICE
TALLEDECA, Ala.. May 22. — Charley and
Gene Woods, negroes, father and son, were
handed here to-day for the murder of Jack
and Reuben Boyd. white, near Chlldersburg.
Ala., on last Christmas day.
NEW YORK, May 22.— Reports that the
Columbus, Sandusky and Hocking Railroad had
been acquired by the Wabash road were of
ficially denied to-day.
WILLIAMS, Ariz.. May 22.— The body of
the man who committed suicide at Flag
staff Monday afternoon was identified as
that of Henry McCloud of San Francisco,
a nephew of ex-Superintendent Clarkson
of the Branch County Jail there. He had
purchased a quantity of morphine. He
left a note sayingr that an incurable ail
ment was the cause of his act. He was
about 43 years old.
Took Morphine to End. His
' Suffering.
Henry McCloud- the Person "Who
SAN FBANCISC0 MAN
A SUTCTDE IN ARIZONA
Mrs. Pestdorf shows yellow jasmine,
nasturtiums and potato vine. Mrs. W. H.
WIester has a wonderfully beautiful dis
play. She shows wild flowers, loquats,
the custard apple, the Mariposa lily,
blazing star and other variety of the
flowers of the forest and the woods.
Mrs. Wiester has also some dainty pop
pies which are folded as if by hand.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery has an exhibit
which is beautiful for its red and pink
hawthorn and water lilies. H. J. Wick
son presents some wonderful roses that
Golden Gate Park is represented, having
sent sturdy callas, gigantic palms and
gentle ferns of many varieties. Mrs. E.
J. vawter, of Ocean Park, has a wealth
of carnations upon her stand that draw
a host of admirers around them, and Mrs.
Henry P. Tricou has a remarkable dis
play of cactus. Dwarf cypress trees from
the nursery of Domoto Brothers make a
fanciful exhibit These trees might well
be called the lilliputians of the forest.
Peter Theisen has some beauties in his
climbing roses and Mrs. T. Sachau's
sweet peas, fox glove, chrysanthemums,
narcissus and pink, read and white roses,
make a table of dazzling floral beauty.
C. C. Morse & Company have sent from
Santa Clara sweet peas of all shades, also
an attractive lot of ferns. Mrs: Richard
Spreckels Is represented by a table of re
markably delicate pelargoniums, among
which are maiden hair fern and aspara
gus plumoses. George E. Lyon has a
table of beautiful ferns, carnations and
roses, while Mrs. W. S. Chandler's ex
hibit represents wild flowers, such as the
snow plant from Yosemite Valley,
orchids, lady's slipper, the coral orchid,
the lace pod. wild pond lilies and wild
bridal wreath.
1/ILIiIPTJTIAN TBEES.
hydranga which makes a pretty ' effect.
Frank Pellcano is . represented by ex
quisite carnations of giant size, and
roses, Bermuda lilies and graceful palms.
Radiant pelargoniums are shown by John
H. Seivers, and John Hinkle of Berkeley
exhibits two tables of field grown roses.
The exhibit is rich alike for its colors and
odor.
CALIFORNIA'S beautiful flowers
made the Ferry building a perfect
bower yesterday when the annual
spring exhibition of the California
State Floral Society was opened to
the public.
From early morning the officers of the
Bociety had been at work placing their
floral exhibits in position and one of the
busy ones was Mrs. L. O. Hodgklns, who
has seen the growth of the society from
Its inception. It is fourteen years since
Mrs. Hodgkins saw the foundation of this
cultured organization. Its growth has
been phenomenal and Its usefulness and
Influence are acknowledged.
D. O. Mills has cent down from his
country seat at Millbrae a collection of
geraniums that for beauty could not be
excelled. Mr. Mills' ferns, too. make a
remarkable showing. A stag horn fern,
rare In this country, but prolific In Aus
tralasia, is one of the gems which comes
from Millbrae. It is in admirable condi
tion and Is orie of the features of the ex
hibition. The Cox Seed Company has a
fine display of plants and foliage. It
shows some wonderfully fine palm tree
ferns. VAround the stand is a hedge of
NEW YORK, May 22.— Henry ; Bros. & <Jo..
ptock brokers, whose suspension followed the
decline in what was .known as Webb-Meyer
stock?, were to-day reinstated to membership
on the Stock . Exchange, | having met all I their.
obligations. ¦ • - " - . . ¦
HAVANA. May 21. 1902.— Elihu Root! "Sec
retary of War, Washington: . V am deeply
moved' by your heartfelt message of congratu
lation on the Inauguration of the republic of
Cuba, to the birth of which the people and the
Government; of the United States have ¦ con
tributed with their blood and treasure.. Rest
assured that the Cuban people can never tur
ret the debt of pratltude they owe to the great
republic, with which we will always cultivate
the closest, relations of friendship and, for ' the
prosperity of which we. pray to the ¦ Almighty.
T. ESTRADA PAL.MA.
HAVANA, May 22.— A bill will be intro
duced in the House of Representatives
providing pardon for all Americans 'con
fined in prison or awaiting trial" It is
expected that the House will take favor
able action in the matter. Cuban senti
ment is strongly in favor of the measure
WASHINGTON. May 22.-The Secretary
of War received the following messag'a
from the President of Cuba: -.
of Representatives Providing
for Their Pardon.
Bill to Be Introduced in Cuban Housw
AHEEBICAU PBISONEBS
ABE TO BE BELEASED
The Daily News pays a tribute to him
as its former correspondent In New York
who,- in the. early days of the Civil War'
furnished the Dally News with informa
tion on which this paper was able to fore
tell the triumph of the North. It was
not A he . J east , of Godkin's services to the
Z or \i' t h^ thr , ou gh h»m the cause of the
North had at least one advocate in Lon
don in the days of its adversity."
Westminster Gazette Says He "Was
at One Time the Moat Powerful
Editor in America.
LONDON. May 22.-The newspapers
here regard the death of Edwin Lawrence
Godkln, editor emeritus of the Evening
Post of New York, who expired afBrix
ham. South Devonshire, Tuesday night
as being a distinct loss to Great Britain
as well as to .America, and comment on
his friendship for Great Britain The
Westminster Gazette says: ' . "f
#'i' He^i Was . at i ?. ne tirne the m <>st power
ful editor in the United States and be
came one of the greatest champions of
England at a time when to be her friend
was not so easy a business as it is to'-
ENGLISH PEESS COMMENTS
ON THE DEA1H OF G0BKIN
Cold medal, Mrs. E. T. Crane, roses; special
gold medal. D. O. Mills, best general collection
of plants and flowers, not for competition;
srold medal, Mrs. J. Brannln. Iris; gold medal,
Mrs. "W. S. Chandler, wild flower exhibit; goM
medal, Mrs. T. Sachau. best collection of old
fashioned flowers; silver medal, Mrs. Sachau,
peonies: gold medal. John H. Slevers & Co
new seedllnff carnation; silver medal, Domoto
Brothers, dwarf trees; diploma, John Hlnkle,
field-Rrown roses; society's ribbon, E. J. Vaw
ter. fleld carnations; society's ribbon, Mrs. T.
Sachau, special chrysanthemums; society's rib
bon. Miss E. Ryder, acanthus; special mention
Professor E. J. Wlckson. choice collection of
roses; special society's ribbon. Mrs. R. Spreck
els. pelagoniums, not In competition; special
society's ribbon. C. C. Morse, large collection
ot sweet peas, not in competition; gold medal i
Peter Thiesen, new seedling rose. "Pride of
Golden Gate." never before exhibited, also first
premium for new climbing rose,, "Caroline
Testout." i
The exhibition will continue to-day and
to-morrow. -
are a feast for the eye. H. H. Noble ar
ranged the display.
I>ast evening Mrs. John Ross Martin,
the manager of. the flower show, an
nounced the following awards:
THE SAN FEANCiSCO; CALL; rRlDAY, MAY 23, 1902.
The California State Floral Society Presents
Gems of Garden, Meadow and Mountain,
and Awards Coveted Medals and Ribbons
CULTIVATORS TURN OUT IN FORCE
AT OPENING OF THE FLOWER SHOW
3
The Aches and Paln« Will Disappear
if the Advice of Thl* San Fran-
cisco Citizen. In Folloived.
A woman's back has many aches and
pains.
Most times 'tis the kidneys' fault.
Backache is really kidney ache.
That's why Doan's Kidney Pills cure it.
Many San Francisco women know this.
Read what one has to say about it:
Mrs; Patrick Reardon .(Patrick Rear-
don, contractor for sewers, etc.), resi-
dence SIS Hayes street, says: "Before I
went t6 the Owl Drug Store, 1128 Market
street, lor Doan's Kidney Pills I had ex-
hausted^ all my knowledge of urinary
household makeshifts and tried remedy
after remedy guaranteed to cure attacks
of backache. Vut I was unsuccessful in
procuring anything to give lasting relief.
My back «.ched sometimes so severely,
that I couVa not rise from a chair for
hours at a time and when in this condi-
tion it was\Just as painful \to move
around. Doan's Kidney Pills absolutely
stopped the last attack. I now know
what to use ihould others recur."
For i?ale by ull dealers. Price 50 cents-
Fo6ter-Mllburn\ Co.. Buffalo," N. Y., sole
agents for the United States. • .'
Remember thd name— Doan's— and take
no substitute. \
A'WOMAN'S BACK.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PIELS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ThinKing MaLiv's |
TOMIG
Preachers, students, bank- |
ere, brokers, literary workers, g
reporters, editorial ¦writers, ac- P
countants, actors and persons B
of intense mental concentra- S
tion, can strengthen their g
whole system, and greatly in- |
crease their capacity for men- 5
tal and physical labor, by tho 1
use of * B
Hor*sford 9 *s §
) Acid
Pfiosphate
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great/}
tmiSEUS OF AHATOiSY^
A lCElKA2niCT.l«t.6it7ti,S.r.C4L^
4 C^ The X^rcest Acatomical Museum in the \
m _i|xl'i_. w 'ori<L vv'eikceifce* or any contracted A
V tCsC55 *i««ie po»!tl»f-lyrnrB<lhy the oldest T
© JT5H 1 bpeaaibtcn thcCotst EsL 36 yein. ©
A pj£<t\ E3. J3RDAK-DISEASES OF HEN A
\ f (liTS 3 COTSu'tntion free »nd stri'tljr priralr. \
Q I tS^J j TrMtmrr.i ptriorsli)- or by l-tt«. A Q
¥ fi H> \l P I PotititK Curt in erery case undertaken. T
A W>- ¦ 1 iln Writefor Book. PBlLOKOPnYof A
?l j jl% EtBRIAGC, UAILEO FREE. (AT
9 DR. Jortl> AS A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
aJ^ FAVORITE
El for weak women.
gggX WONG WOO,
. CHINESE TEA ANO HERB
*U 7 SANITARIUM.
J$0s> 7C4-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
'iftrnL^^iiivy A LL diseases curkd
f&/)ffiMJjL** ** exclusively by Chinese
kerbs, over 3000 varieties being: used. Hours,
4:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
r
IA/. X. HESS,
IfOTABT PUBLIC AJO) ATTOENET-AT-LIW.
T«nth Floor. Room 101S, Cla.us Spreckeli Dldf.
Telephone Main 9&3. ¦ .
R'-l fierce. 821 California £t.. below PowelL
Jtedder.ee Telephone. James 1501. •
iP^ll .J^mSSHS-iI - There is the P Ieasin £ combination of style and value in
i^MIIJf^JSw™ our clothing, even from the lowest to the highest in price. W^^^^^^^WP,
In these suits at $7 * 50 thsre is style— every garment is -Ki^WW^:
V^^B8lBi properly made in the latest cut. The pictures shown here tl lifH'^Si <
• ¦^^BIIHWIi' give you an idea of t<%v0 of the styIes - s P eakin g ° f \\ ssiwpii^affl- i
W r^ v value, we merely mention the .fact that the clothes are our #l | flPMiijf: 'T\wfij
ww^iliSH/ own make and are sold t0 vou direct at but one fair p rofit - i 1 M If
M\i! TiffiW r ' This " maker - to - wearer " Pl an cuts off the middleman's \? ilfiiillp'iwf 1/
\\il ifillllf/ / usual P rofit ' which is your saving. This is a plain, unmis- lllllw^W^ f
\lllll feiifv I takat>1e f ac t evident to any one familiar with our values. 11 iSlllII wf // J
\1 Ml Iff/ / he suits are solid . blue merges in light weights and \\ I Hi !|i|Mf I *
tBiU'iP/ / mixed tweeds and cheviots in light summery patterns. The #|\llii|ffii»|
1 liimi/ / suit - s are union made and bear tn - label, which vouches for " \w^mMM p
I jWjjjSf \\ / their good workmanship. See them in our show windows. VmSI lit ill'
¦ iff' / ¦¦'-¦¦¦¦¦¦ Len ' s ' r T rou ' ser s • vllif
•iliSku / ' an v times a coat and vest that have been worn con- ifflai I
ftiH|8ai/ siderable need but a new pair of trousers to* make them (pfll
S^^ro 1°°^ ke new - e are selling striped worsted trousers in a \
Another^sale of Sailor Suits== $ 3.50
Every mother thinks, that her boy is « he hardest on clothes of any youngster she •
ever saw. To clothe him v at. a small cost is a constant s'udy. It means watching for
bargains and picking out good values. We can help you on this clothes question. We \ fftjpW^mw
make the garments ourselves and sell direct to you — this means but one small profit or \ "IJSfe £^111?
saving to you of fully one-fourth. -5- " &?'
Suppose you. see the' sailor suits we are now sellii^for $3.50. They are blue /f/MssmA \
serges, tastefully trimmed with, black. or .white soutache; ages 3 to ,'i2-years. - 4-^^^^S!^^
' Boys' Pajamas ; Children's . Underwear j^^^^^.
Made of madras, various stripes, ages 6 to 16 years, $1.OO Derby ribbed underwear, natural, drawers button on side,
a suit. ...¦;/¦ ,.¦.•-¦ ;.. y V . ages 3 to 8 years, 50c a suit. riWf^^^^^^'
, : ; , !.i •¦¦;-. Sanitary underwear, drawers button on side, ages 3 to 8 M 'ISffl^VW^K* *iS>fif
Underwear fl^
toe hosiery, fast black, sizes 6 to 10, 25c a pair. B , uc -^ ribbed undcnvear> agcs g tQ yearg( 50c g \^||»f /
Tan hose, light and dark shades, sizes 6 tog, 23c a pair. ; ' ¦¦¦.¦¦ ¦ '.^'i i^VuWm^'W/
• .; ),-¦ Balbriggan underwear, in ecru, ages 6 to 14 years, $1.OO ' I A^VST lpW/jf.
Boys' wash suits in a number of materials; all- prettily a suit. .) IfitiKivjf ivxuUififf 1
trimmed, price 50c to ?3.30 a suit. .. Fine naturaI wool un derwear. ages 8 to 14 years, $1.00 a Wil |m]'
prices from '45c to* $1.50. ' ' " ' ;. Natural Wooljanltary underwear, covered Veads, agesVto . 0 j! H 6
Boys' wash caps, 25c to 4.1c. Shetland wool underwear, natural, ages 6 to 14, $2.00 a Wf^M^
Boys' straw hats, different shapes, 50c to $1.50. ' Gr •
Derby ribbed underwear, natural gray, ages 9 to 14 years,
Children's"all-wool sweaters; ages i^to'4 years, 50c each 70c a suit.
// out of town write for our new GL^""!^! H^/^rik lOl !IH^ £* Out-of-town orders filled for
illustrated catalogue, "Attire for Man Q*/^' -WW HI i f V&) m a §§• men's or boys' clothing, furnishings
718 Market StreetWELL-KNOWN MEN AT GERMANIA CLUB SHOOT j
INJURED BY FALL FROM PORCH.— Mrs.
L. J. Martell. a colored woman, fell from .her
porch at 281 Minna street yesterday afternoon,
fracturing one of her limbs and three ribs.
is the great shoe sale. Men's and
women's $4 shoes for $215. Plenty there
for everybody. Buy your shoes now at
the manufacturers' shoe sale, 717 Market
street, near Third. •
Merrily Going On
MISS TREVELLICK PROMOTED.— Miss
Winifred Thevfillick has been promoted to the
position- of chief stenographer and typewriter
in. the office of United States Attorney Wood
worth, vice F. Brown. The salary is $100 per
month. Miss Mary G. James has been ap
pointed to the position of assistant stenog
rapher, vacated by Miss Trevelllck. I The sal
ary ia f6O per month. . .
Bey Billiardist Wins Easily.
Willie Hoppe, the remarkable boy bil
ardist. defeated ¦Willia.ia Terrill at Mct-
Dpolitun Hall last evening by a score of
K) to 43. The game vras won in seven
?en innings, Hoppe malting an average of
I, 2-3. while Terrill's average was only
£. Hoppe made the longest run of the
vening. TS points. The vouthful expert
?aves to-morrow for Portland.
Policeman Desmond of the Southern
station was notified yesterday that the
premises at 39 . Moss street, which ' are
temporarily unoccupied, were burglarized
during the night and some . articles of
furniture taken. The officer went to the
house to investigate and while on the
premises a man named William Cooney
opened the door with a key and not be
ing able to give a satisfactory account of
himself was placed under arrest and
charged with burglary. -
Burglar\ Finds Officer in Waiting.
Catherine Huffam, whose husband,."Wal
ter Huffam, was killed - last January
through the breaking of a piledriver
cwned and operated by the City Street
Improvement Company, filed a suit
against the company yesterday for $50,000
diimages. She alleges that the driver was
faultily constructed.
Says Piledriver Was Defective.
Young Corbett Fights To-Night.
DENVER, Colo., May 22.— "Young Cor
bett" and "Kid" Broad, who are to fight
for the feather-weight championship, now
bold by Corbett, at the Coliseum in this
city to-morrow night, practically finished
their training to-day and will do only
light work from now until the hour ot.the
fight. Both boxers are reported in the
best possible condition. Corbett is favor
ite in the betting at odds of 2 to 1.
Jeffries and Fitzsimmons will meet this
afterucon at 3 o'clock in the private of
fice of Belasco & Tttall. Central Theater,
to sign articles for the championship
n?ht. Their representatives met the club
officials and suggested small details to
strengthen the articles. The men will
undoubtedly meet out of doors on July 4.
When it seemed that th* managers
would pass ft up to the club Lavigne
named Smith, who is an Oakland man
End "Billy" Britt accepted him on behalf
cf his brother at once. He is thoroughly
competent and honest.
E. J. Smith of Oakland wi,0 referee the
Eritt and Lavigne fight next Thursday
night. The representatives ccf the boxers
were at a deadlock, "Billy" J^Avigne hold
ing out for a man not a member of the
Olympic Club or one residing south of
Market street.
Agree Upon the Oakland Man
for Their Fighl.
Representatives of Britt ;ind Lavigne
Professor Hilgard of the University of
California has issued a statement con
cerning the coloring of olives. He has
found that there was a belief that bluish
black fruit was In demand. He has given
information that the Iea3t objectionable
way to color olives is with a very small
amount of copperas or sulphate of Iron,
and he has assured himself that even the
most delicate digestion was not disturbed
by the minute amount of iron so intro
duced into the system. In the olive tha
Iron becomes insoluble after it has reach
ed the remaining tannin in the fruit and
is imperceptible to the taste.
Professor Hilgard claims that he is not
responsible for "dire effects claimed to
have been produced by the Los Angeles
olives," and says that what mistakes
were made in coloring accidentally or
purposely he can only conjecture. Those
who claim to have suffered at his hands
will find that a great service has been
done them, he says, in enabling them to
market freely, hereafter, olives in their
natural condition after pickling, instead
of being "held up" by the grocer. He
desires that no fruit shall be handled that
has not been approved by a Board of
Health.
Growers by Advice Of
fered Them.
Says He Has Conferred Benefit Upon
HILGARD TELLS ABOUT
COLORING OF OLIVES
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Householder, Leahy. Holly.
Sacrifice hits — Sbugart 2. First base o'n errors
Los Angeles .... 1 0 0 OiO 0 1 0 0 2
Base hits 13 1 1 ' 0 2 2 0 1—11
San Francisco ..2 0 0 0'0 2 0 1 0 S
Base hits 2 1 0 0 0 3 0 1 1— 8
Totals 34 5 8 1 27 13 2
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNIXGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McXichols, 2b 5 0 0 0 3 1 0
McHale. l-'f. »5 1 1 1 3 1 1
Nordyke, lb 3 3 1 0 5 0 0
Shugart, 3b 2 10 0 2 5 0
Leahy, c 4 0 2 0 5 1 0
Holly, ss 4 0 2 0 5 11
Lawler, r. f 3 '0 0 0 1 0 0
Delmas, c. f 4 0 O 0 2 0 0
Glendon. p..... 4 0 2 0 1 4 0
Totals 35 2 11" 1 27 12 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH.' SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss 4 1 0 0 1 5 0
Hannivan, 1. f 3 0 2 0 0 0 0
Raymer. 2b 6 10 0 2 10
Householder, c. t 4 0 2, 0 3 0 1
Reilly. 3b 4.000130
Glbbs,.r. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Roach, c ; 4 0 3 1 « 1 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 1 0 13 0 0
Slagle, p 3 0 2 0 1 2 1
LOS ANGEL.KS.
LOS ANGELES, May 22.— With eleven
hits off Glendon, Los Angeles scored only
two runs, while San Francisco made five
circuits of the bases on eight hits. It was
a. slow, uninteresting game, which Los
Angeles should have won at any one of
half a dozen stages. 5But her batters failed
to connect when hits meant runs._/ House
holder's muffing a hard drive in the first
inning was costly. The Seraphs played
without any of their accustomed ginger.
Toman played a brilliant game at short
and Slagle's pitching was of the best sort.
Gibbs made his appearance, in right field
and his batting eye gave promise of
"making good." Attendance 2000. Score:
Los Angeles Drops a Game.
Two-base hit — Dunleavy. Sacrifice hits — Gor
ton.- Cristall. First base on errors — Oakland 2.
Sacramento 3. Ficst base on called balls — Off
CriMall 3. off Dowling 7. Left on bases — Oak
land 12. Sacramento 5. Struck out — By Cristall
3, by Dowling 3. by Doyle 1. Hit by pitcher —
Mohler. Graham, Devereaux Franeks. Double
play — Hulen to Unslaub to Eagan. Balk —
Cristall. Wild pitches— Dowling 2. Time of
game — 2:20. Umpire — McDonald.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 — 5
Base Hits 1 0 1 0 0 5 1 0 2—10
Oakland 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0—3
Base hits 2 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 "1— $
SUMMARY. •. /
RUNS AND HITS BY INNIXGS.
— Los Angeles 2. San Francisco 1. First base '
on called balls^ — Off Slasle 2, off Glendon 4.
Left on base? — Los Anseles S, San Francisco 6.
Struck out — By Slasrle 6. by Glendon 3. Double
play— McHale to Holly. Wild pitch— Slagle.
Time of *ame — One hour and fifty-flve min
utes. Uir-plre — O'ConneM. . .
Totals ,.31 3 6 2 27 15 3
* - SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, p. & cf 5 1 1 0 1 2 0
Hulen. 2b. . . . : 5 1 3 0 4 3 1
Shechan. 3b. 11 3 0 0 2 0
Eapan. lb 4 1* 1 0 12 0 1
draham, c 3 1 0 0 7 1 0
Ungr\aub. s. s.. 4 0 1 0 2 6 0
Wagner, If. 3 0-1.0 0 0 0
Ilofjan. rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Dowling. p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Thomas, cf. 1 0 0 0-0 0 0
Totals 35 5 10 0 37 17 a
AB. R. EH, SB. PO..A. E.
Walters, cf 4 0 0 0 0 TS 0
M61Der. 2b. ..'.. 3 1 1 0 3 2 1
fitrelb, lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Lohman. c. . •;. ., & 0 2 0 4 1 0
Dtvereaux. 3b. 3 1 1 0 2 4 1
Dunleavy. If 4 1 2 1 2 0 0
Francks, s. 8...' 2 0 0 1 3 2 1
Gorton, if 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Cristall, p 3 0 0 0 1 4 0
'OAKLAND.
The first part of the trouble was, a
¦hummer. It bubbled and boiled over with
that heartrending quality of baseball
which causes the. nervous fan to hand his
neighbor an occasional jolt in the region
of the solar plexus. Toward the close,
however, the Senators took a good lead.
Lohman's bunch were attacked by frozen
extremities and never seemed to get into
the game with the proper spirit.
Dowling hurled them over for Fisher for
six innings, when he began to show signs
-of increasing wildness and was replaced
by Doyle. Dowling was unsteady through
out the entire time he served, and but for
good luck in several tight places. would
surely have lost his' game.
The sixth round was just like the battle
of Waterloo for those Oakland lads. Up
to that time they had the score 2 to 0,
with apparently more in sight, when, by
a combination of two errors and five safe
bumps, the forms of five husky Statesmen
loomed up from among the bases and
came lumbering slowly but surely
toward that ever welcome spot on the
diamond — the home plate.
Oakland scored one in the first by two
timely singles. The second came in the
fourth on a two-bagger to the score
board by.Dunleavy, a pretty double steal
by Dunleavy and Francks and a fielder's
choice, Gorton hitting the ball to short.
Two more singles and a base on balls
gave Ewing's gents another in the sev
enth, which did them for the day.
'¦ Hogan's great catch of Walters' hard
drive to right in the second when two
were resting on the cushions and as many
gone to the bench was the best thing of
the game. Walters drove the ball to deep
right and Hogan made a grand sprint and
captured it just as it was about to touch
the ground. This saved the Senators two
runs and earned a whole lot of praise for
the San Jose ypungster, who is trying to
break into fast company. The score:
Several hundred sports, a few married
men 'and a sprinkling of fair ones wan
dered out to the Eighth-street lot yes
terday afternoon and were bunkoed.
They were unjust enough' to want
another nineteen - rounder and it came
not. ! They saw the - handsome Mr.
Biir Cristall in llvingr picture, poses and
he kept the game going the limit, a total
of 2 hours 20 minutes. Score— Oakland 3,
Sacramento 5.
EDDIE SMITH WILL BEFEKEE.
George Murray walked up to Jack
H urine, swung his right and the latter
went to the carpet building his eye. Alec
Greggair.s counted slcivly, bet Hurine was
beyond recall. The end was so sudden
the spectators thouglri Murray liad a
fcorseshoe in his glove for luck.
Frank Craig had "Sharkey" .Joice wob
fclir.g in the first rour<d, but could not
finish him. Craig show.ved rights to the
jaw, but Joice was too tvtrong. Near the
end of the second round he was sent to
the padding, but was saved by the gong.
In the third they wresrJed each other
down. Craig quit in the hist round.
Billy McDonald ended J"oe Kelly's as
pirations' in half a rounc. McDonald
sailed in at the tap of the g'ong and the
curtain fell in short order.
Jimmie Carroll was too fast for Joe
Reagan. The contest endued in the first
round.
The bout between Ernest Parker and
Jehn Crowe was a burletiqce. The boxers
would start each round -vKh a rush, and
alter sampling one another's punches
would stand off and aim. at each other.
The crowd would then try to egg them
oil, but they declined to tight. The bout
¦was replete with leng-distsnee swinging.
Crowe was given the tropfcj>.
Joe Carroll was awarded a decision in
his contest with Georgfc Handley. The
bout went four rounds, i*u£ was devoid of
features.
Gus Koster proved too much for Henry
Fincke, the amateur welter- weight cham
pion of the United fc States, at the San
Francisco Athletic Club last night.
Fincke put up a game battle for four
rounds, but Koster was too strong for
him. The men fought f.rona start to finish.
Koster returned Finck«t's blows with in
terest and was rightfulls given the de
cision.
Dowling Shows Some Signs
of Wildness and Doyle
Relieves H : >m.
Three Knockouts Enliven Ex
¦
hibition of Boxing
Clnb.
Senators Defeat Oakland
: in a Long ;Drawn
Out Contest.
FINCKE BEATEN
BY GUS KOSTER
Amateur Welter-Weight
Champion Loses
His Title.
NEW YORK. May 22.— James F. Cald
well, the starter, prominently known .iu
turf circles throughout the country, died
suddenly of apoplexy at his cottage at
Saratoga this morning. He suffered from
rheumatism since last November, but of
late appeared to be greatly improved and
was able to take outdoor exercise.
Mr. Caldwell was born in Danville. Ky
sixty-five years ago, and enjoyed robust
health until last fall. During his long
career on the turf he officiated as starter
?? /rV 1 !?* P rlnci P a l running tracks In the
United States.
Veteran Racing Official Finally Suc
cumbs to an Attack of Apoplexy.
Was "Well Known.
STAKTEB CALDWEI,!, DIES
AT HIS SARATOGA HOME
Capt. Sieba..l7 20 18 10 16 19 20 11 22 20—173
F. Hartman. 73622200 16 0 8-64
N\ Ahrens... 19 18 16 23 24 17 19 24 21 "0—901
A.G.Wleland.15 1 15 11 0 19 11 1 10 lS-Sl
H. Cashman. 0 17 0 6 18 23 16 6 0 9—93
J. Muller.... 2 18 21 18 18 IS 18 10 15 20-158
CAPTAIN L. SIEBE'S TEAM.
become famous as it did yester
day afternoon during the grand tourna
ment of the amateur sharpshooters of
the Germania Schuetzen Club. The sharp
shooters were divided into two teams.
One. captained by "Billy" Zinkand, con
sisted of Paul Steindorff, August Jung
blut. "Jim" Leahy, Joseph Fogarty and
W. L. Davis. The other had for its leader
Captain L. Siebe and was composed of
Ferris Hartman,' Nick- Ahrens, Joseph
Miller, A. G. Wieland and Harry Cash
man.
Captain Zinkand's team won by making
S36 points to Captain Siebe's 770. The
sharpshooters who composed the losing
team are inclined to believe Ferris Hart
man is responsible for their defeat. For
Hhe flrst live rounds Siebe's team led by a
good margin. Up to this point Hartman
had been shooting in a manner surprising
to all beholders, but when the sight of
victory was gladdening the eyes of his
team mates he suddenly let up in his good
work and scored several "gooses." The
losers believe he sold out to the enemy.
The feature of the day was the exciting
race between "Jim'' Leahy, Harry Cash
man and Ferris Hartman for the beauti
ful "Swinestein," offered as a prize to the
one who would succeed in missing the
target the most times. The race between
the three was very close, but Ferris
finally won out.
Protests have been filed against Paul
Steindorff and Joseph Muller on the
ground that they are professionals. Both
stoutly maintain they are amateurs in
grood standing. By reason of the high
score he made Steindorff was awarded
the championship. This he must defend
against all comers. The losers have chal
lenged the winners to another contest to
take place two weeks hence. On that oc
casion Hartman and Leahy will also have
a match race. "Teddy" claims that after
he has had time to rehearse he will chal
lenge Steindorff for the championship.
•AH the shooters who participated in th«
tournament were awarded handsome
steins as prizes. The prizes were put up
by Fred Bushnell, "Jim" Leahy and Nick
Ahrens.
The scores made by Captain Zinkand's
team were:
W. Zinkand. 18^ 19 0 16 15 17 12 13 23—142
Jim Leahy.. 15 6 0 0 4 8 0 14 19 li_ 77
Jos. Forarty. 4 19 4 13 19 0 17 22 12 12—122
A; Junublut.21 23 18 18 19 1» 22 18 17 24— 19t»
Paul Steindorff.... 15 11 21 8 23 23 15 24—167
W. 1+ Davis... 16 20 22 20 7 8 14 11 11— 1->jj
PROBABLY never before in its
eventful history has Shell Mound
Park contained such an aggrega
tion of marksmen who are yet to
HOGAN'S CATCH
SAVES THE DAY
OPERATIC SHARPSHOOTERS HOLD
TOURNAMENT AT SHELL MOUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1902;
4
filwir^ is King
°^ k°td e cl beers,
because of its uni=
>-^jPff%^-^ form excellence.
Brewed from the best Barley=Malt
and imported Hops and "lagered"
(stored for maturing) until just
ripe and most Wholesome.
The product of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louts, U. S. A.
Brewers also of Blacft 6 Tan, Anheuser-Standard. Pale-Lager,
Faust, Export Pale. Exquisite, Michelob and MaJufiatrin*.
All order* promptly filled by
E. G. LYONS & EAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.
AJDVBKTISS3IENTS.
H Mm « MMMMMIMMHMMMMMMMM|MmMMMMM|>MMM
2 . • ' . . • • : • " "¦-"" " : ; -OH
1 f . - . ¦; ( • • - : , • . . • a
S ' x * - . -\ r . . « b
Q * • • ?: . H
I g :••'"•/ ¦ '•'.'¦'". ':¦'¦ ;- . . - ¦ . ¦ , . . .. ¦ . . . . . 1 ¦ 5
g I ..•-.:. . , : /¦.;-¦¦. .'. .' I .' \V ¦; ; ¦• ' IS
I I ¦ . i ¦ ¦ ' Si:liiiiilii iill S|lili ' 1 1 III .V <: 1 . - I I
| | l have been troubled with catarrh from toy childhood, and have had many doctors and many different .1 '¦' ' B
5 I medicines. At night when I went to bed I could feel my nose clogging up, and then I had to breathe throus-h § S
| | my mouth, which made me very dry and often caused me sleepless nights. I could not find any relief until I §
| § found relief in my breathing and sleeping. I also had numerous pimples on my face which disappeared, a : |
§ % y^&Yz>v& . i nt; .¦ "ive-vQiit p&GKet is enougn for an ordinary occasion. i i
I I The family bottle, 60 cents j contains a supply for a year. / I s
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ C M..,...,................,...., BBWTHREE-MASTER THAT HAS i
JUST FINISHED LONG VOY
AGE FROM AUSTRALIA.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur, at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
Sun, Moon and Tide,
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried $.'5000 in Mexican dollars as treasure des
tined for Suva, Fiji Islands.
To Australia — 202 bbls flour, 13 pkgs agricul
tural implements. C4 pkgs cereals, -519 cs
canned goods, 7125 lbs dried fruits. 9 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 40 pkgs hardware. 2 bales
leather, 1545 gals lubricating oil, 372 pkgs
metal polish, 22 pkgs machinery, 2 cs drugs,
2216 lbs beans, 10 pkgs bottled beer. 2300 lbs
codfish, 12.C4S lbs coffee, 70 bales dry goods.
500 doors, 3 pkgs electrical goods, 37 pkgs boots
and shoes. 312 rolls paper, 23 bales overalls, 76
cs paints, 8 pkgs rubber bootB, 23 bales hose,
215 coils rope, lf>0 cs salmon, 7055 ctls wheat.
To the Fiji Islands — 11 cs canned goods.
.To South Africa — 140 cs canned fruits, 100
cs salmon, 1 cs hardware.
pkgs metal polish, 1 pkg bicycle, 600 lbs choc
olate, 1000 lbs codfish, 7 pkgs drugs, 10 bxs
fresh fruits, 15.8G6 ft- lumber, 98. pkgs machin
ery, 301 : bdls newspaper, 2 bales overalls, 3
pkgs paints and oils, 5 cs rubber boots, 1239 lbs
seed, 0900 lbs raisins, 95 sewing machines. 111
cs salmon. 200 srals wine.
FRIDAY. MAY 23,
NEW YORK— Arrived May 22— Stmr Lom
bardla, from Naples; stmr Cassel, from Brem
en: stmr Mongolian, from Glasgow. ¦¦ ¦
Sailed May 22 — Stmr Friederich der Grosse.
for Bremen, via Southampton; stmr Augusts
Victoria, for Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; stmr I^a - Touraine, for Havre. — "
GENOA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Phoenicia,
from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed May 22— Stmr Byn
dam, for New York, via Boulogne.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 21— Br atmr
Strathgyle, from Oregon.
ST VINCENT — Arrived May 22-^-Ger stmr
Denderah. hence Feb 6. .
VALPARAISO— Sailed May 22— Br stmr
Arequipa, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed May 22— Stmr Ma
jestic, from Liverpool, for New York: stmr
Haverf ord, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
GLASGOW — Sailed May 22 — Stmr Siberian.
for Philadelphia.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Strath
gyle, from Portland. Or, for Hongkong.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 22^ — Stmr Paris
ian, from Quebec and Montreal, via Mo
vllle: stmr Manxman, from Montreal.
Sailed May 22— Stmr New England, for Bos
ton. •
GENOA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Lahn, from
New York. via. Naples.
HONGKONG— Sailed May 14— Stmr Empress
of Japan, for Vancouver.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 22 — Stmr Switzer
land, for Philadelphia.
Movements of Steamers.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. M., Mer
chants' ' Exchange, ' San Francisco, • Cal.,
- -.May 22,-1802.— £-->.-—, „_.*.-.. . „._.
..The TimeTball on th,'e" lower pf the Ferry
bul ldlng was ; drbpped exactly' at 1 noon to-day,
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
• W H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge. .
Time Ball.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundinffs of the United States
Const Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precede* the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
th» charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
to Arrive.
TO SAIL.
To the Hawaiian Islands — 100 bbls flour, 60
arms and ammunition, 203 cs canned goods, 19
bales dry goods, 15,145 lbs dried fruits, 7 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 23 pkgs hardware, 1
•*Je leather goodc, 216 gaU lubricating oil, 21S
Ventura's Cargo.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ventura
sailed yesterday for Sydney, via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland, with a general cargo,
valued at $163,786, manifested and destined as
follows: For Hawaiian Islands. $32,612; Sa
moa, $3008: New Zealand. $83,183; Australia,
$44,076: Fiji Islands. $32; South Africa, $785.
The following were the principal shipments:
Thur«day. May 22.
Stmr Lyra, ; Williams, 67 days • from Phila
delphia. '¦¦
Stmr Noyo. , Ellefsen, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg. ¦
Stmr Gualala, Weber, ,12 hours from Bowens
Landing.' ¦ . ¦ • ••-<--.. -. ¦/ . .>.* ». ., -
- Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Men
docino. / ,
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 14 houm from
Greenwood.
- Stmr City of Puebla, Jepeen, 56 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports, i ¦'¦ '¦'-
Stmr Santa Cruz," Nicolson, ¦ 65 hours from
San Pedro.-- -:¦¦•. '.-,..¦
Stmr, Eureka, Jessen,' 30 hourm from'Eureka>'
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
18,277 lbR dried fruit, 8C0 lbs and 10 bxs ral-
Blne. 11*55 lbs cheese, S54 lbs butter, 227 lbs
beans. 300 lbs sago, 1232 lbs chocolate, 40 cs
canned goods. 9 pkgs fish. 8 cs arms and am
munition, 1327 lbs baking powder, 170 lbs bo
rax, 15 colls cordage, 696 bxs fresh fruits. 206
pkgs freeh vegetables, 3 cs electrical supplies.
1747 lbs lead, 510 gals lubricating oil, 1506 lbs
flaxseed, 1000 firebricks, 16 cs glue, 1 cm hats
2 pkgs machinery. 539 lbs nuts. 10,020 lbs oil
cake meal, 5350 lbs and 155 bxs paste 25 bbls
pitch. 625 lbs pearl barley. 304 lbs seed, 600 lb»
eugar, 18 pkgs Eteel. 42 cs 6yrup, 26 cs sewing
machines. 1«2 gals wine. 4152 lbs zinc and 700
lbs zinc salts.
The steamer T7matilla, which sailed on
Wednesday for Victoria, carried an assorted
merchandise cargo destined for the principal
British Columbian ports, valued at $770L The
cargo included the following:
Exports to British Columbia.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
A. de la Torre Jr.. Inspector and Spanish In
terpreter of the Immigration Service, leaves on
Sunday for a two weeks' trip to the north.
"The Secretary of the Treasury." said In
spector de la Torre yesterday, "has given me
two weeks' vacation, which I will devote to
etudylng the immigration Inspection methods
at Portland and Seattle."
To Inspect Northern Ports.
FROM. SEATTLE.
The schooner Alice McDonald arrived yes
terday, 210 days from Newcastle. Australia,
and sixty-two days from Pago Pago. Since
leaving Australia the McDonald has been
twice on the overdue list, was once reinsured
at 40 per cent and stood at 30 per cent only a
few days ago. Only one man, Frank Gardner,
the cook, remains of the crew that shipped In
Australia, The McDonald left Newcastle with
more than 1000 tons of coal on board. She put
into Samoa January 12. leaking, short of pro
visions and with the crew In a state of mu
tiny. Two hundred tons of coal were dis
charged and disposed of, the vessel was re
calked and the voyage resumed. Before sail
was made, however, the crew refused duty.
The McDonald was taken in tow by the U. S.
S. Abarenda and the mutineers sent here for
trial. The men were dismissed. The McDon
ald was towed to Pago Pago, where she re
mained until Captain Hardwlck and a new
crew reached there from this port. The voyage
here from Pago Pago was long and tedious and
would have lasted a month or eo longer, the
officers eay, but for a lucky spell of wind that
wafted them beyond the region of calms. The
McDonald Is a slow vessel and very much in
need of overhauling. She commenced leak
ing, the cook eays, only five days before Pago
Pago was reached. The leak was stopped with
out difficulty and there was no trouble of that
kind on the second half of the voyage. Her
masts are not in very good shape, and while
ehe is being overhauled her rig may be altered
to something- more In keeping with her size.
Christian Olsen, a sailor, aged 46. a native of
Norway, died April 10 and was buried at sea.
Alice McDonald Arrives.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
To Samoa — 39 bbls flour, 1476 lbs bread, 87
cs canned goods, 15 cs coal oil, 2 bales dry goods,
•it pkgs groceries and provisions, 33 pkgs hard
ware, 120 lbs lard. 360 lbs millstuffs, 1 pkg ma
chinery, 2 pkgs beer, 2 cs honey. 1 bale leather,
7 cs drugs. 3 pkgs bicycles and sundries. 1 cs
electrical goods. 12 pkgs mill work. 203 lbs
nuts. 10 crs potatoes, 523 lbs rosin. 130 cs and 10
pkgs salmon. 2 coils rope, 2 bales twine, 4
pkgs stationery, 4625 lbs rice, 113 gals wine.
To New Zealand— 12,035 bbls flour, 10 pkgs
co wine, S5 pkgs dry goods, 15 pkgs hats and
caps. 58 pkgs boots and shoes, 1 cs electrical
goods, 762 pkgs fresli fruits, 175 pkgs fresh
vegetables. 49,359 lbs fresh meats, 2422 lbs
dressed poultry, 75 cs epKS, 73 cs salmon, 544
lbs and 2 cs cheese, 10,236 lbs butter, 173 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 4 bxs soap. 192 cs
canned goods. 53 pkgs mill work. 19.S0O lbs to
bacco, 111 ctls barley, 7 ctls wheat, 45 pkgs
manufactured tobacco, 45 cr onions,*- 20 ' cs'
champagne, 10 pkgs hardware, 4 bales "rubber
goods, 50 bdls paper, 340 sks potatoes,- 2 loco-'
mobiles, 10 cs bread. 495 lbs nuts. C cs meal, '
1 cs whisky. 15 cs drugs, 2 pkgs machinery, 1
bale leather.
¦ NANAIMO— Arrived May 22— Danish Btmr
"Wyefleld, from San Diego; Nor stmr Titanla,
hence May 16. ' . r
¦ CADIZ — Sailed May 4 — Ger stmr Totmes, for
San Francisco. .' ¦ ¦ . •
COLON — Sailed May 20— Stmr Orizaba, for
New York. ¦ >. ' " < ..•¦..
¦ Arrived May 20— Stmr Advance, from New
York. '.- x
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 20— Br bark Mar
lon Fraser, for Blrkenhead.
• AUCKLAND— In port April 25— Ship Henry
Failing, for San Francisco. . - -
ANTWERP — Arrived May 20 — Br ship
Chelmsf ord. hence Jan 5. \
HONGKONG— Arrived May 21 — Stmr China,
hence »Aj>ril 23.
. NEWCASTLE, Aus — Arrived May 20 — Ship
Luzon, -from- Manila. - • .- •'c j TWS'5*MSs ¦ • •.
Sailed May 20 — Br bark Aberfoyle, for San
Diego. . • ' • '• : ¦ ¦ .
. ACAPULCO — Sailed May 17 — Stmr Sari Jose,
for Panama. May 20 — Stmr City of Sydney,
forSan Francisco. ' - .
;. CARDIFF— Arrived May 22— Fr bark Mar
guerite Dollf us, hence Jan 23.
. OCOS— Sailed May. 18 — Ger stmr Hathor, for
San : Francisco. -"¦ . ¦*¦ ¦ ¦',. : ..¦¦¦ ;• ; :-.. ;¦.-;--;
FOREIGN PORTS.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed May 22 — Stmr Del
NOrte, for San- Francisco. ¦ . • . ¦
*PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 22— Br ship
Scottish Hills, for Melbourne.
»JNEAH BAY— Passed in May 22— Nor Btmr
iTellus, hence May 18, for Ladysmlth. • ¦••¦ .
•SAN PEDRO— ¦ Arrived May 22 — Schr Albert
Meyer, from Ballard; stmr Prentlss, from Eu
reka. - . '..'
Sailed May 22— Schr San Buenaventura, for
Grays Harbor.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived May 21— Stmr
Marshfleld, hence May 19.
PORT KENYON— Arrived May 22— Stmr Ar
jfo, hence May 20.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived May 22— Stmr
Mandalay, from Coquille River. . .
Sailed May 22 — Stmr Del Norte. for San
Pedro.
GUALALA — Arrived May 22 — Stmr Samoa,
hence May 21. . . ¦ ¦-...'¦' .
SEATTLE — Arrived May 25! — Stmr Pleiades,
hence May 16. May 21 — Stmr Humboldt, from
Alaska; Jao stmr Shlnano Mara, from Vic
toria.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Farallon, for Skagway.
."¦¦ Sailed May 22 — Stmr Edith,- for San Fran
cisco.
BALLARD — Arrived May 22 — Schr Stimson,
from San Pedro. : •.
PORT ANGELES — Sailed May 22 — Br ship
Sokoto, for Tacoma. f '
In bay May 22 — U.S revenue cutter Grant,
EUREKA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Santa
Monica, hence May 21.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 22— Bktn Arago,
for San Francisco. '¦ . . .¦ . ;.
TACOMA— Arrived May 22— Br stmr Glen
ogle, from Hongkong; stmr Elihu Thomson,
from -Seattle. . - . >
Arrived May 22— Br ship Sokota, from Port
Angeles.'. ' •
Sailed a May 22 — Ship Dashing Wave, for
POINT LOBOS— Passed May 22— Stmr Sco
tia, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 22— Stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 22— Bktn
Kllkitat.-from Port Ludlow, for Honolulu; echr
Nokomls. from Port Gamble, for Hilo.
: Arrived May 22 — Br ship Scottish Hills, from
Port Gamble.- » ¦¦ -¦
COOS BAY — Arrived May 22 — Stmr Alliance,
hence May 17, for Portland; stmr Arcata,
hence May 17; stmr Copper Queen, from .
Sailed May 22 — Schr Letitia, for San Fran
cisco.
PORTLAND— Sailed May 22— Ship Carl, for
Tslng Tau; stmr Despatch, for Redondo; stmr
Geo TV Elder, for San Francisco. . ... .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, 22, 10 p m— -Weather
cloudy; wind W. - velocity- 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
(LONDON, May 21— Nor bark Hereford, at
Antwerp, - from San Francisco, lost sails and
had decks sw.ept- during passage. The.- 'fierce
beat encountered on the equator split deck. ! It
is feared water entered: vessel's hold. ¦ ; ; ¦
MISCELLANEOUS,
Per stmr Lyra— April ' 11, ' Dutch ship R Is
T M. four-masted, in lat 30 20 S. Ion 4T 10
W, bound south. * ?
April 27, lat 40 03. S, Ion 86 25 W. Ger ship
F G Q B, four-masted, bound, south.
.Same position, Ger ship, painted ports, three
masted shlD. ,"'¦:: ; •¦...•¦•.¦ ' .,
SPOKEN,
• . , ¦ ¦ Thursday, May 22.
Stmr Signal, Bendejraard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, Eureka. •
Stmr Meteor, Roberts,' ¦ Santa Barbara.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Honolulu and Syd
ney, i
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Lakme, Jensen, San Pedro. -
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs, Tacoma.
Stmr Centennial, Strand, Seattle.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Br ship Glenalvon, Andrews, Queenstown.
Br ship Criccieth Castle, Davies, Mollendo.
.Schr John F Miller, Hansen, Coos Bay.
Schr Mary C, Campbell,- Bodega.
SAILED.
CLEARED,
Thursday, May 22.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward. Sydney and Hono-,
lulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Meteor. Roberts, Santa Barbara; Pa
cific Coast Co. ¦ » ' •- - ¦ '-
. Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka;. Goodall.^I'er
kltii & Co.
- Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; O- R &
N' Co.
Stmr Centennial. Strand, Seattle and Alaska;
Charles Nelson Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Swansen, 24 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 hours from
San Dieco.
, Stmr Lakme, Johnson, 26 hours from Eu
reka;, bound for Redondo; put In for passen-
Sc'hr Alice McDonald. Hardwlck, 210 days
from . Newcastle, Aus, via Pago Pago 62 days.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Ventura sailed at 10 o'clock
yesterday morning for Honolulu,
Pago Paso and the Antipodes
with a full cargo and a large I
number of passengers. The cargo in- '
eluded 1500 tons of flour and more than
400 tons of grain for Australia, where
five seasons of drought have reduced the
productiveness of the soil.
W. G. Imin, Mrs. and Miss Irwin, who
were among the passengers for Honolulu,
were attended at the wharf by a large
delegation of friends. There was also a
big crowd out to wave good-by to Miss
Georgle Spieker and Miss Chlspa San
born. Both young ladies -were laden
down with flowers. Miss Sanbom's £ oral
burden was something Immense, and con
tained contributions from the other
eleven of the Doctor's Daughters' Floro
dora double sextet. In which Miss
Sanborn was a bright particular star.
"U*. H. Leimert and Dr. W. S. Porter of
Oakland were also passengers. Their
destination Is Honolulu.
Mrs. G. J. Blockinger, wife of the com
manding officer of the Wheeling, goes on
the Ventura as far as Pago Pago, where
she will join her husband.
The passengers were:
Honolulu — Professor R. E. Allardlce, Alexan
der Seattle, Mrs. George C. Beckley. Miss
Beckley, Master Beckley, Mrs. Berger. Dr. J.
S. Biehop. Mrs. BIsbop and two children, H.
JL. Cake. Mi?. Cake, C. G. Campbell, Mrs.
Campbell and child. Miss C. J. Carter, -G. R.
Carter George Chalmers, Miss Mary Chalmers,
Miss B. Cohen. Mrs. K. E. Cooper. Miss M.
Craig, C. Daacon, S. T. Deacon, Mrs. P. A.
Dias, Miss G. Dowselt, H. P. Eakin, Ml6s E.
E. Ewart, Thomas Fitch. Mrs. Fitch. Miss E.
Gay P. Gedge, V. Gedge. I>. S. Greeawell, Miss
E. Gunn R. N. Halstead, C. C. von Hamm,
Mrs von' Hamm, TV. L. Howard, J. S. Hunter,
W. G. Irwin, Mrs. Irwin and maid. Miss Irwin.
Mrs. Ivers, Professor V. L. Kellogg, Miss E.
King C. C. Krumbhaar, TV. H. Leimert, Miss
Macfarlane. Miss V. Makee, W. H. Marston,
A J. McDonald, M. M. Montsarrat, Mrs. J. M.
Murphy M. C. Pacheco, E. Parker, J. Parker,
Dr. W.'S. Porter. Miss G. Renton, A. H. F.
Renton. Miss Marian Roth, Mi6s Chlspa San
born. Miss Ella Scott, TV. O. Smith. Raymond
Spaulding, Miss G. Spieker. Miss M. Taufen
bach, L. A. Thurston, W. M. Waterman, Mn».
Waterman, James Whitney., Frank Wight.
Ram Wight, Miss Ella Wight, Miss Leslie
Wight. Rev. A. C. Wilson, Miss C. Wilson, A.
W. Worm, Mrs. Worm.
Papo Pago — Mrs. G. J. Blockinger.
Auckland — Miss G. Alleyne, F. L. Armltage,
TV. H. Lyon.
Sydney — Lieutenant Beatty. Miss E. R.
Bond, J. W. Boultbee. G. E. Dean, Mrs. Dean,
Mrs. A. L. Folger, Mrs. TV. B. Gunther, J. C.
Henton. H. O. Holcombe.- Mrs. R. A. Howard,
H. L. Jones, J. P. Jost, A. J. McDonald, E. A.
X!s Mrs. Xis, Major B. H. Phillips, L. Roeen
thal. Miss Mary J. Shepard, J. C. Turk. Lieu
tenant Wedd, G. Wride. TV. Wooley.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney — F. Ferris, E.
Knuth, H. J. Taylor, Mrs. Taylor.
. • ' , . ¦ . , :¦ ¦ ; ¦¦¦. : .-..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FEID^Y; MAY 23, 1902.
VENTURA TAKES MANY PASSENGERS
AND A LARGE SHIPMENT OF FLOUR
5
Sin rises *:?2
Sur sets 7:13
Moon - rises ' : .'.".. .8:23 p. m.
D ITimel •:¦¦¦ '¦' Time * '•'• Time '¦'¦"< lTlme -• I
» Ft. — — Ft. Ft. — Ft.
a L W H W L W H W
23~'6:11— 0.2 1:30 4.4 6:45 2.0 11:47 6.1
2i 6:4S — 0.1 2:14 4.4 6:2. r » 2.9
H W L, W * H W ' L W
25 0:16 4.9 7:24 0.1 2:68 4.4 7:09 3.0
26 0:45 4.7 8:00 0.3 .1:30 4.4 8:041 3.0
27 1:20 4.5| 8:39 O.B 4:17 4.51 n : 0n| 3.1
2S 2:C9 4.21 9:21 0.8 4:66 4.7110:20 3.2
29 3:15 3.9 10:11 1.1 n:S5 4.9|ll:29 2.8
30 4:40 3.7 11:0S 14 6:16 6.0|.
Steamer.
'rom.
tue.
Rival .... Wlllapa Harbor
Victoria OyBter Harbor
Eonlta Newport & Way Ports.
Mandalay.... Coquille River
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor .;
Aiko Eel River Ports
Coronado.... Grays Harbor
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford.
DelNorte.... Crescent City ..........
Santa Monica Humboldt . . i .............
Arctic Humboldt: . '. . . . .;;, .....
Edith Seattle .'....•......:.....
Pomona. ..... Humboldt : . . . . ... . . . ., . .
O. Llndauer. Grays Harbor J Si . .
G. W. Elder. Portland & : Astoria. ....
Pleiades Seattle .... .' .'. . . ........
State of Cal.. San Dtegro &;Way Ports.
Titanla Nanaimo
S. Barbara. . . Seattle . . .
Eureka Humboldt ' ". . .' : . .'
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor
¦Alameda Honolulu .......
Curacao. .... Mexican Ports
Queen.' Pujjet Sound Ports ....
North Fork . . Humboldt -;; . . . ".-.
Acme Siuslaw River ;.; :.
Point Arena. . Point Arena ".".'.........
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &• Way Ports
City Sydney.; Panama '& Way Ports.
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan ..v.....
Columbia...^ Portland & Astoria ....
Chehalls.. ... Grays Harbor
Australia. . . . Tahiti )
Uiratilla Puget Sound Ports ....
Hathor Hamburg & Way Ports, i
Serapia Seattle
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports..
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 25
May; 25
May 25
May; 25
May 25
May 25
May: 28
May 23
May 26
May 27
May; £7
May 27
May 27.
May, 27
May 27
May 28
May 29
May 29
May -29
May 29
May 80
May SO
May 30
June -1
June 1
June 1
June 1
June- 2
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
City Seattle. . Skarway & .Way Ports May 23
Humboldt.... 8kagway."& Way Ports May "4
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. 8. Kimball Nome direct ....... T. May 25
Discovery;... Golofnln Bay direct.. May 26
Dlrigo Skaffway & Way Ports May *>7
E.Thompson. Nome.& St. Michael ... May 27
Centennial... Nome direct .;..... May 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports". May 30
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Acme-
Phoenix....
Columbia. .
8 mo......:
lymplc. . . .
Newsboy. . .
Eurekii
Pt. Arena..
C .Nelson..
Santa Rosa
Argo.......
Rival
Bonlta
City Puebla
Mandalay..
Valencia...
Pomona. . . .
Arcnta.....
Rainier. . . .
Coptic
May 23.
Sluslaw River . . . . [
Mendocino City ...I
Astoria & Portland!
May 24. I
Seattle .
Whatcom & Falrhvn
Nome • via • Golofnln
Humboldt .........
Point Arena
Mny 25.
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Son Diego & Way..
May 26.
E«l River Ports....
Willapa Harbor . . .
Newport & Way...
Puget Sound Port*.
Coqullle River.....
. May 27.
Nome via Seattle. .
Humboldt
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
8eattle & Whatcom.
China & Japan
- May 28.
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Grays , Harbor ...
Panama & Way . . .
Astoria & Portland
May 20.
San Diego & Way..
May 80.
San Pedro & Way. .
May 31.
Humboldt
Honolulu
Puget Sound Ports.
Grays Harbor .....
Jnne 1.
Nome via Golofnln.
Portland & Way...
f 3 pmf
I 3 pm
111 am
2 pm!
5pm
4 pml
0 ami
2 pml
10 am
9 am
4 pm!
4 pml
0 ami
11 am
2 pm
11 ami
1:30 p
12 m
5 pm
1 pm
!Pler 2
Pier 13
Pier 24
IPier 34
Pier 2
IPler 16
IPier 13
IPler 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
IPier 2
Pier 2
IPler 11
Pier . 9
Pier 2
iPlpr 0
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 2
IPMSS
Arctic
a. Dollar..
Coronado. .
City Para. .
G. Elder. . .
12* m
4 pm
5 pm
12 m
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
State Cal..
9 am
Pier 11
Coos Bay..
9 am
Pier 11
North Fork
Alameda
Queen. ....
Sequoia. . . .
9 am
2 pm
11 am
4 pm
Pier 2
Pier .7
Pier 9
Pier 2
C. Nelson..
Alliance...
¦•:...
I ¦ - ¦
Pier —
Pier —
..:...
Steamer.
'rom.
tue.
Rival .... Wlllapa Harbor
Victoria OyBter Harbor
Eonlta Newport & Way Ports.
Mandalay.... Coquille River
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor .;
Aiko Eel River Ports
Coronado.... Grays Harbor
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford.
DelNorte.... Crescent City ..........
Santa Monica Humboldt . . i .............
Arctic Humboldt: . '. . . . .;;, .....
Edith Seattle .'....•......:.....
Pomona. ..... Humboldt : . . . . ... . . . ., . .
O. Llndauer. Grays Harbor J Si . .
G. W. Elder. Portland & : Astoria. ....
Pleiades Seattle .... .' .'. . . ........
State of Cal.. San Dtegro &;Way Ports.
Titanla Nanaimo
S. Barbara. . . Seattle . . .
Eureka Humboldt ' ". . .' : . .'
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor
¦Alameda Honolulu .......
Curacao. .... Mexican Ports
Queen.' Pujjet Sound Ports ....
North Fork . . Humboldt -;; . . . ".-.
Acme Siuslaw River ;.; :.
Point Arena. . Point Arena ".".'.........
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &• Way Ports
City Sydney.; Panama '& Way Ports.
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan ..v.....
Columbia...^ Portland & Astoria ....
Chehalls.. ... Grays Harbor
Australia. . . . Tahiti )
Uiratilla Puget Sound Ports ....
Hathor Hamburg & Way Ports, i
Serapia Seattle
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports..
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 25
May; 25
May 25
May; 25
May 25
May 25
May: 28
May 23
May 26
May 27
May; £7
May 27
May 27.
May, 27
May 27
May 28
May 29
May 29
May -29
May 29
May 80
May SO
May 30
June -1
June 1
June 1
June 1
June- 2
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
City Seattle. . Skarway & .Way Ports May 23
Humboldt.... 8kagway."& Way Ports May "4
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. 8. Kimball Nome direct ....... T. May 25
Discovery;... Golofnln Bay direct.. May 26
Dlrigo Skaffway & Way Ports May *>7
E.Thompson. Nome.& St. Michael ... May 27
Centennial... Nome direct .;..... May 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports". May 30
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Acme-
Phoenix....
Columbia. .
8 mo......:
lymplc. . . .
Newsboy. . .
Eurekii
Pt. Arena..
C .Nelson..
Santa Rosa
Argo.......
Rival
Bonlta
City Puebla
Mandalay..
Valencia...
Pomona. . . .
Arcnta.....
Rainier. . . .
Coptic
May 23.
Sluslaw River . . . . [
Mendocino City ...I
Astoria & Portland!
May 24. I
Seattle .
Whatcom & Falrhvn
Nome • via • Golofnln
Humboldt .........
Point Arena
Mny 25.
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Son Diego & Way..
May 26.
E«l River Ports....
Willapa Harbor . . .
Newport & Way...
Puget Sound Port*.
Coqullle River.....
. May 27.
Nome via Seattle. .
Humboldt
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
8eattle & Whatcom.
China & Japan
- May 28.
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Grays , Harbor ...
Panama & Way . . .
Astoria & Portland
May 20.
San Diego & Way..
May 80.
San Pedro & Way. .
May 31.
Humboldt
Honolulu
Puget Sound Ports.
Grays Harbor .....
Jnne 1.
Nome via Golofnln.
Portland & Way...
f 3 pmf
I 3 pm
111 am
2 pm!
5pm
4 pml
0 ami
2 pml
10 am
9 am
4 pm!
4 pml
0 ami
11 am
2 pm
11 ami
1:30 p
12 m
5 pm
1 pm
!Pler 2
Pier 13
Pier 24
IPier 34
Pier 2
IPler 16
IPier 13
IPler 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
IPier 2
Pier 2
IPler 11
Pier . 9
Pier 2
iPlpr 0
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 2
IPMSS
Arctic
a. Dollar..
Coronado. .
City Para. .
G. Elder. . .
12* m
4 pm
5 pm
12 m
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
State Cal..
9 am
Pier 11
Coos Bay..
9 am
Pier 11
North Fork
Alameda
Queen. ....
Sequoia. . . .
9 am
2 pm
11 am
4 pm
Pier 2
Pier .7
Pier 9
Pier 2
C. Nelson..
Alliance...
¦•:...
I ¦ - ¦
Pier —
Pier —
..:...
Sin rises *:?2
Sur sets 7:13
Moon - rises ' : .'.".. .8:23 p. m.
D ITimel •:¦¦¦ '¦' Time * '•'• Time '¦'¦"< lTlme -• I
» Ft. — — Ft. Ft. — Ft.
a L W H W L W H W
23~'6:11— 0.2 1:30 4.4 6:45 2.0 11:47 6.1
2i 6:4S — 0.1 2:14 4.4 6:2. r » 2.9
H W L, W * H W ' L W
25 0:16 4.9 7:24 0.1 2:68 4.4 7:09 3.0
26 0:45 4.7 8:00 0.3 .1:30 4.4 8:041 3.0
27 1:20 4.5| 8:39 O.B 4:17 4.51 n : 0n| 3.1
2S 2:C9 4.21 9:21 0.8 4:66 4.7110:20 3.2
29 3:15 3.9 10:11 1.1 n:S5 4.9|ll:29 2.8
30 4:40 3.7 11:0S 14 6:16 6.0|.
si Big ShOG Offer— Friday and Saturday, choice of our entire line of Ladies' $2.50 Shoes and Oxford Ties, "$ &•£ '*
Jf ¦ '¦ consisting of nearly 30 styles in all the popular shapss and materials for Summer wear. a B £_? ¦ I "5
* o ->• •--.•¦/• } — : : ; i :j
Jf Veiflftg SsiSC \ A fine entertainment in Attraction Hall this week. Popular ballads PoplliSkH MUSIC 18c. *
5 r-SHav n**U, sung by Bernard and Bernard and illustrated with appropriate r.ve popular piece, of *h ee t music that ail th e 5
if ' rr '" i rJr Uniym stereopticon views. Daily from 10 a. m. until 5 p. m. Admission town is whistling or humming, published at *
S 4000 yards of 1 8-inch all-silk Tuxedo IkTesh Free. , 50c and 60c a copy, sold by us regu- **
jf and Maiin'5 Mesh Veilbgs; more than>3o ~ _1_ : : larly at 25c and 30c; for Friday J»
IS styles of beepming effects, in black, magpie, • ,. 'AsL-i^fflBfc. —4f °^ •* * * * ***** "5
* jackdaw, white, cream, navy' and brown; flBlS- — jrn«gj^- dTjO "In a Cozy Corntr" "Lady Hottentot** «J
Jf regular 15c and 35c values; on sps- — j ... ff/ ' ±Msr & -^ "Cats Parade" ; "Ha^Le, Ha Lo" \g
i S2.35 Hats $1.83. %
JC each . . .' . . ... .* . . . 1^2? largest? \0' tWMB jiiiiM^ ffM "^**^' Friday and Saturday. %
J? —~— ; ' ~ :,.•'; •!.."• "- 31^^^ - Men's Spring style Derby Hats; the high taper -5
If tr*~~4 r?..44~~ **m* <^^^^^^^ llw * AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE crown; black stiff hw with- roll brim, dip %
it BXBS* BJUfMBP ' ' fr ° nt and backj a!1 he] & hts of cr ° w n* and ft
*L Fridav OnlM *** -*•:'"" ** - '¦ *w — *** ¦ *- * ** * w5dth$ of brims ' onr te^ 1 " extn Talue **-3s •
jf rm 'MCVJT w###jr , fflBBB+$i®BBa+'E*^imBB*&S*S£tZ*fBf*WBIP k ¥*\iB£S*C* hats; on .pecial sale until clos- __ -3
$ • NotwitKstanding the advance . in price BrBUB w 6BBUrB, HS> ST MBS& & Z<t$fLStUiB&i'y B**** b s rime to-morrow night at $7.88 $
« of butter this week, ¦"¦we goffer for We closed ' out the balance of a jobber's stock, nearly . i •*
If Friday only regular s'ze squares of 2500 boxes, at a price. Buy your correspondence c /^Q^zA 25C Efflbl*Oiti&l*iQS "*
5 the very best Creamery Butter— the paper for this summer now, for it is an absolute cer- ' 1/lr* * Jt
»•¦.•¦- satisfactory 'kind that "- ;" • , tainty that such a bargain as this cannot soon be offered *^^^ l\ ** .t
5^ we sell every day in i?^> again. " {^ j\ For Friday only about 3000 yards m pretty Jt
S , l ¦¦ i ajK/f^ tt i' » c- o • -i. v j i. Av • patterns, and best qualities of Cambric and "J
J the year, at... ..... .Hurlpurt s Fine Stationery, m the newest shape and the <Q\ Na'iiook; pretty embroideries in various %
K — ———...;',, - newest cut of envelope, as shown in picture, in Dres- Al^s^^^ wiJths, good enough to put on any garment; Jt
tf A Spsoiai Safe Of ' den blue, heliotrope, cream or azure tints, in the sizes \*^r^ regularly xoc and 25c per yard; for _ «*
|p WOO laundry B B?^ - I | \ ' BM^t : ?
The prettiest lot of Laundry Bags we have yet it. " j 1 M££LtP* '•' ' O»«««tf«>««# O~.W~ -*¦* «
5 offered on special sale" large floral designs, envelopes, worth 2 5 c; to-day only M*§>*~ SpCCiaf SZlfC Of g
«£• the very best quality of Washable Cretonne . . . CQ1T1B1*3S, SUDOtiCSm IT
I mSI. $2O Suits $17.50 mtoMitoJLaJZL*,,. -|
If " . * (J^^l) plates, 4x5 inches, regularly £10.00, special \
_ V r^ &(£ &BBB&GS *&& rt . Fr i da r» ly $6.98 Jt
» LtUUOFS Ftridlay \.Z/ <*P«##«» *p^m%*%9a Oil Dark Room Ump— A good one, regularly -*
I Cedar Z Vhi, ky -Famous Bouf „, rich ;^^^^^^||^^^^^p^^ vJS^^S^tZ^iU'lS?. 5
5 and mellow; Friday, gallon. , . . $1.85 ' J \ i in S Salcs « .Your choice of any man's. $20.00 Suit m ; # . 39o Jf
If Tab'e Clartt— A good grade that invariably / U this store, beginning at 8 o'clock this morning and until Wood Fiber Trays— Size 4x5* inches;" instead "j
J give, satisfaction; 5-gallon lots, $1.81', I A. . o|| |i c ' os ing time to-morrow —g% of 10c each, Friday Q o %
Z> ¦ single gallon . . iQOC I j& 0 Wf\ ,&*, „!„!,» fnr Sf /lOSJ A!bum5— 5^x7 inches, cloth binding; we sell Jt
j Domestic Porter-Equal to imported; Friday, V^ GfcS nlghtf •* ' * * ***** n^. u]y at ve^ i . ¥A^ . 17o j»
I Oin-ReV Cross* "Geneva", large 'bo'ttltf"^ jS Th \ *"* '"* M * ft ¦ T *' ™* '^^"n - -^- ~. "I
§ Grenadine- bottle. . 25o \ I ' hS* VJ \ \ the dffiTeace betwecn p nce ™ d what othen Made to Wear, x
Jf French Vermouth-The Noilly-Prat;' Friday; I f I'll l\T) would charge you for the same quality. If you buy We „, San Frandsco distributors of these eele- '?
If bcttle... ........ . . .46c \ I Kl L>6A them to-day and to-morrow at Jiy.SO you make an brated hand-made, union-made hats. AU of Jt
|f ¦••¦•¦ I S V (£LJ\'v« additional saving of #2.50. The assortment includes popu'ar shapes and colors— ' Jt
X 1 If ZW \ I black and white Scotch Tweeds, plain silk mixed and guaranteed to wear one year $3.00 «
«f SatitrdaY NiUht SafCS \ A \ / fancy Worsteds, unfinished Worsteds and Serges; hand- '^
J» -• A ¦ «¦* * ; ! I I \ \ / made throughout. ,
* Shoes, Shirts, Etc. , \ j / UH toys- ism 0,06.00 voia sms n.<»— For S3.OO Pants SI.69. •«
I WW0MfM^^ ¦ U! Vi !i I as:s 3 to 7 yc " s **!' ;# IO ° of *™ Satul^ a y NJ 9bt Only. 5
If fortable for warm weather; on sale Saturday ', . V^ *^^ J^ V& handsome all-wool Suits left from a previous Another of our popular Saturday evening specials •"*
*( . night f.om 7 until. 10:30 o'clock— pair. . . \ £r \J popular sale. They have sing'e or double in the Clothing Department (from 7 to '*
J ........ . . ; . . . ..$2 28 . breasted sUk vests. Don't, fail to see these " ! 3° P- m - only)— Men's strictly all-wool jt
If Men's Heavy Brown Overalls — Pair. . 4Vo u , A£ T r ' c •* »i,-» -*w-i»U U^J«. W ' ' —^ —^ . Cassimere pants; heavy weight; extra well- . Jt
£ Men's Working Shirts (7 to ,0:30 P . m.) $S-oo and Vestce Su'ts that are on sale Friday <£*> gw* mde . worth fj>0O p / r o ' n dur;ng *
J 4tfo , an d Saturday only, at. ...:..... mfW^m %J%0 above hours $1.69 «
STATEMENT
OB* THE— — ":;;/-r"~*-T-- > .' .— '.[';.:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Bl ¦¦ I PI f\ I #111
National Fire Springfield
Fire and Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY. INSURANCE COMPANY.
Of hartford! in the state of con- r\ f Springfield, in the state ob»
nectlcut. on the -31st . day- ot December. V Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Deeem-
A D. 1901, and for the year ending on ber. A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day, a» made to the Insurance Commla- that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to aioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of eectlons 610 and 611 of the the provisions of sections 610 and 811 of th»
Political • Code, condensed as per blank fur- Political Code, condensed as per blank fur*
nlshed by the Commissioner. nlshed by the Commissioner.
. ::.. ..¦..: • •¦¦--••.:• i CAPITAI*
CAPITAI*. Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In Ca»h -»2. 000. 000. (»
In Cash .'. - ...;.. $1,000,000 00 ASSETS.
. - • - . • Real Estate owned by Company.. $222,325 00
ASSETS. • . Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 654,430 *}
_.•. ' , . : .-««,*-- M Caah Market Value of all Stocks
Real Estate owned by Company... $399,063 32 and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,081,040 oa
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 647,715 00 Amounts of Loans secured by
Cash Market Value of all Stocks „_.-.„ pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,627,469 00 other marketable securities as j * '• •
Cash in Company's Office. ....... 667 73 collateral 21.375 0«
Cash In > Banks ...-.........: 819,574 00 Cash In Company's Office 8 610 34
Premiums In due Course of Collec- Cash in Banks 409.689 0U
tlon ; • •••• 609,737 37 Interest due and accrued on all
. ¦ : — — —^— — Stocks and Loans .............. 2730S43
' Total Assets '.................$3,604,216 42 Interest due and accrued on Bonds
'. • .* : — ~i and Mortgages -13.623 23
Premiums In due Course of Colleo-
LIABILTnES. « Uon : V 543.338 03
- _, mmm __ Rents du« and accrued 1 353 84
Losses adjusted and unpaid $101,074 87 Due from other Companies for Re- * t
Losses in process of Adjustment or .^ insurance on losses already paid 12,764 57
In Suspense •••••.-•••••••••••••. 237,996 08 t .^ __^ •
Losses resisted, including expenses 23.608 60 Total Assets ...$3,898,887 49
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- - !»:;.,>>¦; ___
ning one year or less, $2,272,- UtABIUTIES.
||S=:l|l.£S=iK IMS
AU other liabilities 1.9.779 43 n , ng , 0Qe year or less> i^q^,
_ , , TliW1 . )lM m 122.S43 12 602 64: reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1,004.301 27
Total Liabilities ...i^,i2Z.84j ia Gro|ja premlums on y,,^ Rteka nn _ •«"¦.«« «
1 : ¦ nlng more than one year. $2,056.-
___.._ 18 7 48; reinsurance pro rata.... 1.139 283 «
INCOME. Commissions and Brokerage due **"""*" M
Net cash actually received for Fire . - » nd to become dua • 108.667 2a
Re^eiveKr interest on Bonds' Wnd 13 ' 433 " 1 " " Liabilities ....: .$2,611,692 13
Mortgages 89,628 00 I. . ¦'.- .y INCOME.
Received for interest and dividends Net cash actually received for Flr»
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and • premiums $2,822.07)1 m*
from all other sources 153.802 10 Received for Interest on Bonds and
Received for Rents 4.158 60 Mortgage. 80 362 32
Profit and Loss 138 40 Received for Interest and dividends
., „. -.,- .^ on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
Total Income, >.... $3.630.386 00 from all other sources 138 898 79
=. Received for Rents .............. 4^408 71
EXPENDITURES. .Total Income ...$3,115,947 85
Net amount paid for Fire Losses EXPENDmjRE3. "
(Including $200,864 05. losses of N et amount paid for Fire Losses
previous years ...••- $1,751,880 44 (including $195.556 64. losses of
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00 jprevious years) $1 490 180 37
Paid or allowed for Commission or Dividends to Stockholders .V ISo'oOO 00
Brokerage 651,589 21 Paid or allowed for Commission or
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other ¦£,-•£-''; Brokerage 561822 08
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 207,625 59 paid for Salaries. Fees and other
Paid for State, National and Local charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 121 964 37
taxes 110.967 74 Paid for State. National and Local
All other payments and expendi- taxes 97 213 85
tures •. 360,594 06 All other payments and expendl-
¦ Total Expenditure. .$3,202,667 04 *""• ' 313 - 558 »>
===== Total Expenditures $2,734,74107
Fire. -
Losses incurred during the year. . .$1,567,068 12 Firs.
— — — ; -, v — — Losses incurred during the year... $1,613,683 19
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. -
¦ — ¦ Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ______ _
written during 1 the Net amount of Risks
year ............. $520,605,644 $4,794,779 88 written during the
Net amount of Risks year $313,573,672 $3,923,493 87
expired .. during the - . . , - . Net , amount of Risks
year 391,259,277 3,719,379 20 expired during th«
Net amount in force , year 203.811,547 2,874,350 84
December 31, 1901.. 506,668.065 4 821.288 81 Net amount in force
— ; December 31. 1901.. 402.150.163 4,064,770 00
daflf 1_S£U? a u8Sr to me am ' mh tjyzttXL'S'tZr to beWm *- "^
FRED R SEYMOUR. Notary Public. PERCT S. GATES. Notary Publla
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
34 Sansome Street, Corner Bush.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNI^,
rii ; i-^ : ; Asst. Manager,
Ban Francisco, Friday, 23 May, 1902, - .
Parlor table, $5.50
A smart little parlor table built of oak, golden finish,
having a round top with prettily scalloped edge. Meas-
ures 30 inches high and 20 inches in. 'diameter. Also in
mahoganized birch at $5.50 ; bird's-eye maple at $7.00. :
Fifth floor.
One of the handsomest bedroom sets we have ever
seen has just been placed on display on the sixth floor.
Made from selected pieces of genuine San Domingo
mahogany, finished very light. Set consists of three j
pieces — bed, bureau and chiffonier. If we had nothing
else on this floor to interest you this set alone would be
worth a visit to see. Welcome.
•Do you need an extra -washstand? * We have them
in great variety. With and without mirrors, in golden
oak, ¦ mahogany, imitation mahogany, ¦ natural birch,
bird's-eye maple, etc. Sixth floor.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
. THE EMPORimUL
THE EMPORIUM.On her return from Cuba Miss Alice Roosevelt
brought back a silver tipped cane, which she has car,
ried twice at White House garden parties, and it is
going to be the proper thing for every summer girl
to have one. It is Cuban, you know.
Senator Dolliver recently referred in debate to an
authority whom he called "Ed Burke," and it took
the grave Senators fully fifteen minutes to catch on
tc the fact that he was talking about Edmund
BuxV- /
The Jiiunicipal authorities are expressing a hope
that the Hall of Justice may be finished in conformity
with the original plans. It may be possible, that the
City Fathers have in contemplation the erection of a
new building. No other explanation would justify
their hope. . ' *"."
Testimony at the Washington investigation of
Philippine affairs is to the effect that so great is the
stress of war upon Uncle Sam's soldiers that even in
their sleep they shriek "Get 'em, boys, get 'em." Per
haps the cry was an echo of an old one, "Got 'em,
boys; got 'em again."
It is stated that of the two highest prizes for ora
tory at Harvard only one will be conferred this year
because no student is worthy of the other; but while
Harvard cannot furnish two orators she has a full
set of athletes to compete for any sort of prize that
goes to muscle.
Russia- is well aware ot the meaning of the pro
posed road and has 'tried to block ¦ the enterprise by
establishing herself on the Persian Gulf. Great Brit
ain has already planted her. power there. Germany
will move to the same point: with the new road, for
while it. is to be constructed under the. authority of
the Sultan it is" known that! it is to be virtually a
German road. /When the powers meet the concert of
Europe will be called upon to .arrange a basis of
agreement, and there seems no reason to doubt that
¦some peaceable arrangement can, be made. Then
will come' the commercial and industrial struggle for
the control of the > markets of China, and in that
struggle America will, have to take- part.. In the -end,
therefore, , this Bagdad railroad is going to .be a mat
ter of practical interest to. San Francisco. -
The mere reading of that formal perfunctory Te
port will revive recollections of the "Arabian Nights"
and the days, of the good Haroun Al. Raschid.
Bagdad, Bassorah and v Aleppo :are cities.; renowned
for many an adventure recorded in those oriental
tales. The development of the line, however, will be
a mightier marvel than any ever told in the thousand
and one nights. Big world politics are involved in
the construction of the work. It is not a matter of
railway traffic but of empires that the concession
deals with. The line from Marmora to the Persian
Gulf will hardly be completed before a line running
westward from British India will connect with it and
thus a southern route across Asia to compete
with the Siberian road. will be under way, and even
tually from India railways will jbe' carried into China
and the great through route of the south be com
pleted. . . . ; : .
The Consul says: "Beginning at Konieh and pass
ing through the plains and mountains of Caramania,
the new line will cross the Taurus chain, reaching
Adana and Mersine afte'r considerable engineering
difficulties. From that point the line will branch off
to Aleppo and the Euphrates and terminate at Bas
sorah after passing Mossoul, . Bagdad and Carbola.
The length of the line is 1553 miles,' and the duration
of the concession ninety-nine years. By means of
the route there will be regular and rapid communica
tion between the Sea of Marmora and the Persian
Gulf."
FOR : some time past very little has'been heard of
the 'Bagdad railway, though there was a time
, whe,n it interested all the v world and disturbed
a considerable part of it. in South Africa
and in China have of late distracted attention from
the rivalries of the nations in Syria, and men ceased
to concern themselves about railways in that part of
the world. The Governments interested, however,
have kept right along with their diplomacy and their
work, and now Consul Ravndal reports from Bei-ut
that an imperial irade has been issued definitely
granting the concession for the Bagdad railroad to
the Anatotia Railroad Company and that its con
struction is to be rapidly pushed forward.
THE BAGDAD RAILWAY.
The second display of exuberance is more notable
still. Ever since the annexation of Alsace and Lor
raine the people of those provinces have been kept
under a virtual dictatorship. The Governor of the
province has been clothed by law with extraordinary
powers, to be exercised whenever he chose. A good
many efforts have been made in the Reichstag to re
peal the dictatorial clause of the law,. but all such
attempts have failed. Now comes the Kaiser
a-wooing to Alsace and by an imperial rescript he
Recently in his own empire the Kaiser has twice
made a display of affection hardly less strong than
that he manifests for us. One of thqse was toward
the Jews. It appears the old aristocracy of Germany
has always treated the Jews of the empire as a
necessary evil, to be tolerated but not approved. The
Kaiser has startled his court, therefore, by showing
a marked consideration for that class of his subjects.
He has not only invited Jews to dine at court on
special occasions, but he recently took four of them
as guests on his yacht for a pleasure trip. Nor is
that all. The Kaiser does nothing half way, and it
is said he has given intimations that he may appoint
some members of the Jewish race as members of his
Cabinet. ;'.'^vV
If from these manifestations of a longing to em
brace us we should reach the conclusion that the
Kaiser loves none but us we would deceive our
selves. The Kaiser's ardor is merely the Kaiser's
way. He is doing that sort of thing all the time.
When he talks of war he talks like a barbarian, but
when he talks of peace he talks like a lover. He is
never moderate. Whatever he does, he does with a
vim, vigor and exuberance that makes Roosevelt
look like thirty cents. We are fortunate to be the
recipients of some of his friendly bumptiousness, but
we are not the only puddles that his sun shines on. •
Certain proposals of a tentative nature have been
already put forward by his Majesty." He has re
quested us not to asspme too much sovereignty in
Sulu, where he himself claims some rights; and, fur
thermore, he has formally asked us to accord pro-;
tection to German interests menaced by the revolu
tion in Colombia.
All that was but the beginning of the Kaiser's
wooing. Immediately upon the return of his brother
the Kaiser informed the President that he intends to
present Columbia with a statue of Frederick the
Great, and. now comes the further report that when
the statue is in place his Imperial Majesty will send
the Crown Prince over to attend the unveiling.
When that has been done there will be left for the
Kaiser no further step in his wooing except to come
over in person and make his proposal in due form.
KAISER WILLIAM is assailing the tender af
fections of Miss Columbia with an ardor that
signifies something like "love me or I die."
First he gave an order for an American yacht, next
he invited the daughter of the President to launch
it, then he sent his brother to witness the launching
and to give the President a bust showing his imperial
self in marble calm. At the same time he presented
Harvard with a Teutonic museum, and as a touch of
winning courtesy advised the Prince to do kowtow
to American newspaper men, as they are "equal' to
his generals in command."
THE KAISER'S WAY.
A compilation of cities and towns that have re
ceived Carnegie libraries up to date shows that every
State in the Union is represented with the exception
of Arkansas, Delaware, Idaho, Mississippi, Rhode
Island and South Carolina. It is believed that those
six States will proceed to organize a mutual admira
tion society and be proud of themsejves. , ,
That the members of the police force are entitled
to an eight-hour working day is indisputable. That
an increased number of men will be required to make
the force adequate for the protection of the city is
also beyond dispute. It is therefore up to the Su
pervisors to provide the money needed to maintain
the required force working on the eight-hour sys
tem. That is the issue, and it should be met firmly
and feirl}\ If an increase in the liquor license be
deemed inadvisable, then some other means of in
creasing the revenue should be provided. In any
event an adequate police protection must be assured.
These suggestions, coming from the Chief of the
Police Department, who has long experience in
its work and is familiar with its needs, merit atten
tive consideration not only from the Supervisors but
from the people themselves. Suggestions coming
from the highest expert on the subject cannot be ig
nored.
Upon that showing an increase in the police force
becomes an imperative necessity. To maintain a
larger force there will be needed a larger revenue.
The Chief has thought of that phase of the question
and is ready with a suggestion as to the best means
of increasing the police fund. He says: "I can see
a way out of the financial difficulty and that is by in
creasing the liquor license. It is only $84 per year,
and I would urge that it be increased to $200, which
is low enough, considering the license in other cities.
As there are more than 3000 saloons here, it can
Teadily be seen to what extent the revenue would be
increased. The city is growing and we need thor
ough police protection, which can only be accom
plished by an adequately equipped force."
In adopting the eight-hour system, however, there
will be a decrease in the amount of police protection
given to the city. The Chief himself does not evade
the issue that will be raised by the change. He is
quoted as saying: "Even at present there are large
portions of the city without proper police protec
tion, and it will be much worse under the eight
hour system unless the force is increased. The men
will have to be divided into three platoons instead of
two, as at present, which means a reduction of
about 20 per cent for duty at one time."
CHIEF WITTMAN has announced that on
June 1 he will introduce the eight-hour sys
tem of patrol duty in the police service. No
cbjection can be made to that decision, for public
sentiment has long ago been formed in favor of an
eight-hour working day. The general industry of the
country is tending in that direction, and it is but
right the city should act in harmony with that policy
of the people.
POLICE PROTECTION.
FRIDAY MAY 23, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor,
liirttt All CcsiLtxiccUrr; ts 7. S. LEASE, Manege:.
¦
A.sk for THE CAUL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
rCBMCATIOW OFFICE... Market and Third. S. P.
EDITORIAL, ROO3JS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
drilTerM Hr f»m !«-¦¦. IB Ont* Per Week.
Slnerl«- Copies. B C^m-tm*
Trrm« by Mnfl. Includfner Poatajcet
TA.ILT CALL Sunday), one year »...f«.0<>
DAILT CALL Sunday), 6 months Jt.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 8 months l.iw
PAILY CALL— By Single Month e5c
fUXDAT CALL. Ob« Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALX* One Year. .*. 1.00
All postmaster* ar^ authorized to receive
subscriptions. ' .
Eample eODies will be forwarded when requested.
Wall rabeerfbero In ordering chanp* of addrees should be
particular to five both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lature a prompt ana correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE Si. .. 1118 Bread war
C GEOHCE KROGrrSSSS. ,
ftTuugtr Feniga A«rerUsiag, Mtrtnttte BaUdlng. CUesg*.
(Lett Distance Telephone "Central 2818.")
NEW TOOK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAJRLTO.T Herald Sqvuc
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVB:
ITBPHE5 U. S3XITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano* 31 Union Square:
Hurray Hill Hotel. '
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS;
Ebcrmaa Heaee; P. O. News Co.: Greet Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIA'CTOX (1>. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St, If. W.
MOUTOS 12. CUAAE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
KCtil 9:80 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. 633
HcAUlster. open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, opea until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Slzteesth. opea until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, ©pen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open untU 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and 'Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
The various organizations that recommended the
bill to Congress when it was first presented should
now send further appeals for its immediate passage.
When the session was young it was announced from
Washington that the bill was I among those with
which Congress would be sure to deal. That prom
ise was given at a time when fr6m every quarter of
the Union petitions in favor of it were being re
ceived by Congress. As soon as the people were as
sured of the passage of the measure they ceased to
petition, and straightway Congress seems to have
become indifferent.. It is time, therefore, to renew
the popular demand. The bill is a just one, the pub
lic service requires if, the people .favor it, and it is
the duty of Congress to enact it.
The bill merits the universal lndorsement.it has
received. It does no more than provide a just
recompense for a hard-worked and efficient body of
public servants. It is a measure which should have
been enacted ¦ long ago. It might have been made
much more liberal' to the' mail carriers than it is and
still not gone beyond the limits of fair payment
for faithful work. The opposition to it cannot be
very strong numerically in either branch of Con
gress, for if it were the leaders would not hesitate
to refer it to the House and defeat it there. The
very fact that the fight against- the bill is made in
the committee-room and is secret is a proof that the
antagonism comes from no honest source, but from
men who have neither a valid reason for their ob
jection nor the courage to fight openly:' '
The measure is one of the few now before Con
gress' that has received well nigh unanimous sup
port from men of all parties and from all sections of
the country. It has been indorsed by the press,
recommended by Boards of Trade, Chambers of
Comme-ce and other commercial and" industrial
bodies, has received the approval of conventions
representing both political parties, and has been cor
dially commended by a large number of leading men
in Congress. In spite of all that, however, the Post
office Committee, holds back the bill and treats it as
if it were a matter of no moment or of no interest.
FOR reasons not apparent to the public the let
ter carriers' bill has been kept in the room of
the Committee on Postoffices and Postroads
in spite of urgent recommendations from all parts of
the country that it be .promptly reported to' the
House. It would seem to be the intention of the
opponents of the measure to shelve it in the com
mittee and so save themselves the odium of making
an open opposition to it That method of defeating
a much desired bill is one of the gravest defects of
the present system of . conducting the affairs of the
House, and it would not be a bad thing'for the pub
lic to make an issue upon this bill and see if the
committee cannot be forced to bring the bill before
the House and leave it for the majority to decide
whether or no it shall be adopted.
THE LETT ER CARRIERS' BILL.
HARRISON GRAY OTIS.
LYNCH'S POLITICAL SCHEMES.
It is quite well known in San Francesco
that S Lynch worked Vigorously to defeat
the election of State Senators Nelson and
Belshaw, although they were well-known
Republicans 7 and were regularly nomi
nated candidates of the Republican party
ln their respective districts. Senator Nel
son's affidavit, which was; placed before
the President/is as follows:
I. John H. Nelson. State Senator from the
Twenty-fifth Senatorial District of the State of
California, , do hereby declare that I was a
candidate of the Renublican party for the
office of. State ¦- Senator from said district ln
the ' months of October ,' and j November, 1900,
ond was the regular . nominee of said party.
That bacauae of my opposition and the -stand'
of my friends against the/ruling machine
methods of, those who claim to be the bosses
of the Republican ( party in San Francisco a
combination was made " in my district by the
said bosses with similar bosses of the Demo
cratic party In an effort .to defeat my election
and eecure. the election of , my, Democratic op
ponent, j behind . whom they \ massed all - their
strength. v Notwithstanding \the ,: fact . that my
¦ '¦¦''¦. \ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦
I submit that this is a plain case of official
stuffing, bordering hard on the domain of of
ficial faking; and if the President is Investi
gating the conduct of Mr. Lynch's office, and
Lynch" a fitness for the place, I believe these
facts should go before the President for con
sideration. ' Yours very truly, ; * ,
"On or about the middle of June, 1901, J. C.
Lynch, Collector of Internal Revenue at San
Francisco, said that he . was * within about
$30,000 or $40,000 of having collected $4,000,000,
and that he was going to see the large whole
sale dealers, and have' them take the amount
(shortage) less the $4,000,000,. so that his col
lections . would show the offlce to have done a
business of $4,000,000."
The statement* here made comes from a man
of my personal acquaintance, ' formerly an of
ficial of Lob Angeles County, whose word I
consider good. It is as follows:
In support of this statement and conclusion
I am • at liberty to cite the statement of one
¦who heard Lynch himself say at that time that
he was intending to see a certain firm of whole
sale liquor dealers, whose names 1^ have, • as
they had promieed to buy $35,000 or $40,000
worth of internal revenue stamps from Lynch' a
offlce ln advance of their actual requirements;
and that this purchase, together with another
purchase under like conditions, "Just brought
him (the Collector) within. the desired amount,
making his office* 'first class' within the mean
ing of the law." < : V
It will be found that the First California
District (Mr. Lynch's) was advanced to No.. 1
on the strength of two reports made by Special
Agent B. M. Thomas. There is warrant for
the assertion that the record was stuffed or
padded to meet a situation required by the
personal and political interests of John C."
Lynch and his backers and followers. That
is to say the scheme was to create a bogus
record in ! order to give Mr. Lynch a higher
though false standing with the department,
and this was done through his solicitation of
¦wholesale liquor dealers, brewers and cigar
makers, whom he induced "to buy enormous
amounts of revenue stamps in advance of their
requirements and at Just the time to serve
Mr. Lynch's purpose in making up his official
returns.
DEALINGS IN REVENUE STAMPS
Hon. Thomas R. Bard, U. S. Senate, Wash
ington, D. C. — Dear Sir: I have to place be
fore you certain facts bearing on the Internal
revenue offlce, San Francisco, and affecting the
official conduct of John C. Lynch, the Collector.
It appears that the status of the several In
ternal revenue districts of the country is fixed
by numbers, viz. : No. 1, No. 2, No. 3, No. 4, ac
ccrding to the amount of money collected and
increase in business done, taking the figures at
the end of the fiscal year.
Los Angeles, Cal., Dec. 30, 1901.
Offlce of the Times-Mirror Company,
The letter of General Harrison Gray
Otis is surely readable. ¦ Here is what he
wrote:
In view of declarations made by Sena
tor Perkins before he left the city for
Washington, and uttered ln the presence
of Senators Caldwell, Smith and Bel
shaw,' the foregoing letter from' Senator
Bard to the President places the senior
Senator .In a .very unfortunate position.
Perkins was not at variance with his col
league when he urged Stephen B. Kelley
to stay in the fight for the Collectorship.
It Js said that letters over the genuine
signature of George C. Perkins can be
produced as proof that the senior Senator
positively promised hla support to Kelley.
No wonder then that Senator Bard says
to the President: "The attitude of my col
league. Senator Perkins, in this matter
was not anticipated."
TH0MA8 R. BARD, U. S. S.
SENIOR SENATOR'S POSITION.
The attitude of my colleague, Senator Per
kins, in this matter, was not anticipated, but
on the contrary, I had expected that, while he
did not desire to Join me in the recommenda
tion that Mr.' Lynch- be removed by the ap
pointment of his successor, he would not go so
far m to protest against his removal, and even
to this day I understand that, if the President
decides to make the change, which I believe
ought to be made, Senator Perkins will be,
under such circumstances, entirely content if
Mr. Kelley shall be appointed. But ln view
of the fact that the two Senators from Cali
fornia appear to the President to be at
varfance in their views and wishes ln the
matter. I . fully appreciate— If in the . opinion
of the President the charges filed by me, if
sustained, would be sufficient cause for the
removal of Mr. Lynch— that it was necessary
for me to support the charges by sworn j| and
otherwise reliable testimony, such as has now
bnen submitted. Most of these affidavits are
ot recent date, and I have no doubt that many
others of a similar character can be readily
obtained If necessary. Yours
At the tame time there were placed in my
hands the separate affidavits of Senator John
H. Nelson and Charles Mayer, and the Joint
affidavits of J. R. Kirby, M. At Smith. George
F. Gasper. W. H. Nolan, Charles Engelke, . John
Reynolds, C. R. Franklin, Assemblyman Twen
ty-eighth District; J. W. Barry, James H.
Laer.non, A. P. Beck. MlcHael J. Murphy. C. F.
Johnson, which I also inclose herewith, to
gether -with letters of State Senator , A. A.
Caldwellof Riverside, dated January 14, 1902,
and General Harrison Gray Otis, dated Decem
ber SO. 1901,- both of which are addressed to
me, but aro evidently intended to be placed be
fore the President.
AFFIDAVITS AND LETTERS
It becomes my duty to submit also the in
closed separate affidavits of G < W. Blum,
James B. Sykes, A. M. Currie, Henry von
¦\Verthern. Norman W. Hall, Lincoln E. Sav
age, secretary of the Republican' Primary
Lee gue, and John W. Harney, all addressed to
the President, and showing that by particular
incidents set forth Mr. Lynch is an active polit
ical manager, and uses his offlce room, his
deputies and employes for promoting the inter
ests of a faction of the Republican party in
California.
Id regard to my recommendation that Hen.
John C. Lynch. Collector of • Internal Revenue
at San Francisco, should not, for the reasons
given, be permitted to retain the offlce longer.
I am Informed that there have been submitted
to the President for his consideration the res
olution of the Republican Alliance of San Fran
cisco, protesting against the retention of Mr.
Lynch, and also a strong letter from Stata
Senator Morehouse to the same effect.
THE PRESIDENT
tor Bard's letter to the Presi
dent ia readable and refreshing, although
It is doubtful if Senator Perkins can de
rive much pleasure from the communica
tion. Senator Bard writes in this style:
UNITED STATES SENATE. '£:. .
WASHINGTON. D. C. February 5, 1002.
"¦"".-• ETTERS and affidavits on file ln
I Washington, D. C, throw side
y lights on the political career of
|! • John C. Lynch, Collector: of
1 . United States Internal Revenue,
Bk J First California District Sena-
John H. Harney's statements are also
iut cresting. He swears:
That John C. Lynch was the active leader by
common report of a faction of the Republican
party supported by his lieutenants, Jere Burke
Kdward Conroy and Samuel Rainey, a well
known Democratic boss. That within affiant's
personal knowledge in the legislative, campaign
of 1000 John C. Lynch was an active manager.
That on or about September, 1900, he was In
active attendance at the political convention
held in B'nal B'rith Hall, on Eddy street In
the city of San Francisco, and was giving' or
ders for the management of the political con
vention. That affiant was desirous of seeing
- ?; H frt nominated for the Assembly in place
of Martin \V Brady; that Mr. Lynch was then
consulted, being in attendance at the con
vention, and when approached said- "That
It was too late to make a change "
That during the last campaign Mr Lynch
was consulted at the Internal revenue office
by acUve political leaders from all over the
city That in the affiant's opinion number!
of citizens resented the interference of a Fed
w"h,Vh OfflCia1 ., ln munltfl P a l and &al affajE'
which was demonstrated by the fact thatthi,
KhVonXn EELr"*!? £l c^-s!
Mr. Lynch, was badly defeated dicta ted by
WORKED THE BREWERIES
The following statement* n^ *
in Neman wf Hall^affldaviti contalne <i
That he took an active part in th« *i .
maTy election in 1901 and belnl = la l t prl "
the Republican. County cdmmiuU « m f mber °*
gate to the convention is familiar . d v a dele *
cal affairs. That during the i£» Wlth pollti -
John, C. Lynch -was an aeknni? £ cam P a| srn
of a faction. That th"nteSS i^f? leader
was the headquarters of one factTon » e^ 0^ ce
said John C. Lynch met and „! , d tbat
at his office and at other • ptaas.*?™ dl , rections
political leaders as to the^dVc'i V \£%£
a candidate for Mayor by the Can & , eia T ent of
Dealers' Association, of whteh U O V 1 M jQuor
was president and William r-i« i, ' Wa sner
Said John C. Lynch then a 8 m atS aC »Th?, Cr f ta .T
first day I have been able to hi, i« ls th *
for some time." He added- 'Vn my offlce
of weeks I have been ouramon^tht < i? Uple
dealers, even as .far as the breweries ,„* ?K Or
have keot me nretty busy." * and the y
That the conversation* via „».
subject and with reference to ?£. * P 0 ""**!
campaign. That said affiant unc&r ™ unl cipal
his words that the said John i tood fronQ
using his influence among the »h' , Lynch "as
men and breweries for pWtti?aJ eSale llcju<>r
That said John C. Lynch staled SL pur Po s «.
to the primary election Ticket ZH referc "«
ninth Assembly District thlt h> the Thirty
ticket had won, he would have «-L a ,, c , ertaln
eral of the delegates and i t£2? one o?° l\* /?'"
gates. Charles Fisher, was th? Ln th l de - le ,
his fight on the floor of the LlSZ ?£ o , led
Association in the matter of thV in* Dealers
for Mayor. That during th* safd RpT^ 6 " 1
Convention, from the admissions To? P i h Uca , a
Lynch and Edward Con™ 'tU '; l°n£ , C '
accepted and admitted by them thf t lly
named all the candidates for SrvlioU they
had control." That in oVder to secu^P tK »
delegation Lynch promised Percy Beamish a
nomination tor Supervisor. Ralph HathortU?
Portion with the District Srney^Morgat
Backus the photographic work of the Police
Phe P c r i t ty e H t aH° d , T- W " Bu ™« * Position '?n
_ That within affiant's own knowledge. John
C. Lynch was an active partisan . In the pri
mary . : and municipal campaign and used hi*
THE RING OF BOSSES.
A. M. Currle, who was a delegate to
the Bepublican convention of 1901, makes
affidavit as follows:
That John C. Lynch, Collector of Internal
Revenue, was generally regarded as the leader
of a political faction and. was in consultation
with the local political leaders during tha
campaign. That on November 0, 1901, affiant
met John C. Lynch at the corner of Morton
and Kearny streets,' the day of the election,
and during the conversation Mr. Lynch made
the following remark: "I have put {500 of my
own money. into A. G. Flsk's fight. That is
my personal fight. Of course I am interested
in the other nominees, but A. G. Flak is my
personal fight. I requested Fisk's nomination
as a personal favor to me."
That on the 17th day of September, 1901,
on or about that day, John C. Lynch, in the
presence of C. \V. Blum and the affiant, made
the following statement: "I was so busy try
ing to straighten out the tangle of the Board
of Supervisors that I did not have time to see
Mr. Rlordan; chairman of the convention, un
til the convention was in full swing. Some
of the candidates for Supervisors who were
not on the programme were kicking and I was
kept busy trying to pacify them, and when I
did finally succeed in quieting them it was too
late to see Chairman Riordan." This last
statement was made In the office of the Collec
tor of Revenue in the Appraisers* building.
That within the affiant's knowledge Mr. Lynch
used . the office of Internal Revenue Collector
as a meeting place for local political and fac
tional leaders.
FISK "WAS THE MAN.
FIGHT AGAINST NELSON.
I am requested to state the truth as to the
attitude of Mr. John C. Lynch. Revenue Col
lector of this district, toward me in my cam
paign. I say that Mr. John C. Lynch and all
of his deputies made an active canvas3 and
campaign asainst me. One or more of his out
side { denutles visited numerous saloons and
barrooms in my district and used the influence
of their official positions to encompa»s my. de
feat. During the last session of the Legisla
ture Mr. Lynch was continuously in attendance
in Sacramento and was very zealous fn sug
gesting and advancing legislation on various
subjects. He was there during the entire ses
sion and I am sure that he could scarcely have
been at his office at all in San Francisco from
the day the Legislature met until the day it
adjourned, some seventy days.
I have been repeatedly asked to certify these
facts and to Join in - a petition for hla re
moval.. I have never done so heretofore be
cause I did not wish an inference to be drawn
that I was hostile to Mr. Lynch's retention
and was asking for his removal because of my
personal feeling toward him arising from his
attitude toward me in the campaign. I have
no personal feeling aagainst Mr. Lynch, but I
am willing to state formally herein what al
most everybody in San Francisco, certainly
almost every one in -my district. Is entirely
familiar with.
In addition to the foregoing . I certify that
Mr. Lynch has personally admitted to me that
every one of the Republican officials and com
mitteemen who opposed me would be protected
by him, and he has carried out this statement
by securing the appointment of several of them
to lucrative positions in the employ "of the
State administration. This he has himself
admitted to me. Mr. Lynch Is recognized' as
the official dispenser of State patronage In San
Francisco.
I desire to add also that I have seen him in
attendance at and issuing directions at various
conventions of the Republican party, both
State and municipal. In the last municipal
convention he was especially active and from
him. was received the programme which re
sulted in the nomination of the recent Re
publican local ticket which 'was so overwhelm
ingly repudiated at the polls.
The foregoing statement of Senator
Nelson was sworn to on January 28, 1902.
When the President decided against
sending in the name of Stephen Kelley
to succeed John C. Lynch, Senator Bard
remarked: "I will then withdraw the
papers filed in the case." The President
at once objected to the withdrawal of the
papers, signifying very plainly that it was
his purpose to give the subject further at
tention. It is said that the President
knows very well that Senator Bard is
honorable and straightforward, having
the right on his side.
district was normally Democratic by about
700, I succeeded by the aid of my loyal friends
in overwhelming that majority, together with
the Republican defection caused by the Re
publican bosses, and was triumphantly elected
to the position I now hold.. My election is for
the term of four years and I am one of the
"hold-over" Senators, having a voice and vote
in the next Legislature of the State.
position as Internal Revenue Collector to Inter
fere in municipal affairs to the detriment of
the city and to the injury of the Federal Gov
ernment. ¦ •
LINCOLN SAVAGE SWEARS.
The affidavit of Lincoln E. Savage, sec
retary of the Republican Primary League,
contains these statements:
That from the inception of the primary cam
paign, commencing June, 1001., ar.d closing on
the 13th of August of that year, John C.
Lynch was the leader of our political oppo
nents; that wlthlrf knowledge of affiant he met
at the Internal Revenue offlcn numbers of peo
ple and gave directions as to the conduct of
the. primary. That he was the acknowledged
leader of the opposing faction, and used hla
deputies and all the employes of his of lice
in active partisan politics. That it is a matter
of common report that he us'.-d his power aa
Internal Revenue Collector . for political pur
poses among the liquor dealcvs within h.s dis
trict, and endeavored to coerco them during: the
said primeary.
That at the last two sesslors of the Legis
lature, during his term of office, John C.
Lynch has been in almost constant attendance
as a lobbyist at the sessions of the Legisla
ture, and has been generally recognized as
such.
That said Lynch stated in afflanf s hearing
that A. G. Fisk. Republican candidate ¦ for
District Attorney, was "his man," andN "that
that was his flsht." x
That said John C. Lynch at the time of his
Interference in said primary was not a resi
dent of San Francisro. but resided with h:a
family at Berkeley. Alameda County.
As a citizen of San Franeisoo, affiant would
recommend the removal of said John C Lynch
the said officer, as he has carried his offensive
partisanship and political Interference to a
point where it is a positive- injury to the city
of San Francisco and the Federal service.
A CASE OF COERCION.
~rP? e , affldav lt of Henry von Werthern
contains many interesting: facts relating
to the system of coercion employed by
Jthe bosses. The affiant states:
, That he Is a resident of San Francisco and
ThiS! T < W k 8 ? ""^Idate for delegate in th«
Thirty-sixth Assembly District on a ticket
generally known a3 tha Priinary League ticket,
at the primary election of 1U01. That during
said Primary and the ensuing campaign Joho
L.. Lynch. Internal Revenue Collector waa
generally regarded as the active leader of a
faction of the Republican party, and with tha
assistance of his lieutenants, Jere Burke Ed
n££ C °^° y^ nd Samuel Rainev . » well known
Democratic boss, actively participated In said
primary for the purpose of securing control of
the city government of San Franciico. As an
exemplar of the school of politicians headed
by Mr. Lynch— as a sample of their efforts to
coerce American citizens, in their efforts to
carry a primary and influence their political
action. I state the following facts: *™"" cal
w»v W rnnf n n cm ? lo y e , of the Market Street Rail
mv ZJS* 1 y f0r sU years ' durins whlch ""la
my services were rendered satisfactorily and
without complaint At the approach of tire
primary election I took an active part in party
organization, and by. chance espou 3 ed the cause
of the faction opposed to that headed by John
™« y ". Ch 'v£ e T e Burke > his lieutenant, and a
SSSIoSSSTtS* samuel Ralney - a Dem 
i d;iJ£ V hlrt3r days prlor * was nam «d as
a delegate by one of the factions. I .was im
££W K^ ar ? ed by FOme ot th « leaders of
Lynch8 'action • that if my namo was
? 8 wis a n a a n( 3"Y lldat^ On . the 9*5" «or which
Lnlv 7tl * woujd discharged from the
emnov»°nf V?f compan y- There «a* another
«£!?h» » the company in a similar position
and he was likewise warned. I did not heed
ly'bSSE 1 ?? T rema L ned a candidate Short-
R»^n i! day of the P rlm ary I met A. W.
nanT i v™ te « n su *> erln tendent of our com-
P . n r # v rs - Ba rron said to me:
1 have your name, Mr. Von Werth-m
wn°h n fhe Ot R eP3 £ ° Ur > en wto «« Von^ctTd
witn the Republican Primary League- ycu will
SK W o 1 f thdraw as the * *™ infm!cai C t U o*he
interests of our company" I renM«i- ••»
-^."ssa^ ;?:??£**.•. -' •«•» «-
BXJBKE THREATENS.
StaZ^v^T 6 ?"? had lns *ructed him to
of M? Lvn^h* J M Bur v e ' a »»HoiI lieutenant
oi air. Lynch. Mr. Young took me to xir
Burke's office and left. Mr. Burke said- »i
have a lot of names here of our employes whS
w^lTavf^ w^V'SeT XFZIB
Mr. Burke said: 'I cannot say."
immmm
CABBY OXTT THBEATS.
was forthwith discharged. iiurxe and
i Knew or no valid reason for mv dischir*-
J'f 1 " from State Senator A. A. Cald
v*?rt*in Un « ted S T tate3 Senator Thomas R.
SSRH 0 ? 8 ? ohn « C - inch's activity
clldwln'^es: 111 Sacrament0 - Senator
m ™. RI V ER SIDE. Cal.. Jan. li, 1902.
Hon. Thomas R. Bard. Washington. D. C—
My Dear Senator: I have been expecting the
appointment of "a successor to John Lynch la
the Internal Revenue Collector's office in Sau
Francisco and have hoped that such • action
would be taken by the President. My reason
»or wishing his successor to be appointed is
that during the last session of the Legislature
of which I am a member, Mr. Lynch wai
present nearly every day in the lobby, where
I was informed and believe he was working
in the interest of certain measures. I know
he was present in Sacramento and at the
Capitol durin* the time the ,friend» of local
option attempted to pass a local option bill
I do not know of my own knowledge what biils
he worked for and what bills he worked
against, but it was generally reputed that h'3
presence Iff the lobby of the State Legislature
was to represent large corporation interests
Sacramento is outside Mr. Lynch's district
and I could account for his presence in the
lobby no other way than that he was doin^
politics.
You are at liberty to use this letter in what
ever way you desire. Very truly yours
A. CALDWELL.
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3.»
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend'a.'
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
tiess Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. . Telephone Main 10-12, •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
(39 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
A Baltimore engraver has put the al
phabet on the head of a common pin. The
•work took only an hour and a half. ; •¦-.<
t? Going to Thunder Mountain ??
The ' Northern Pactflc Railway la the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewiston
and Stites, Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either "Warrens or Dixie, from which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates; etc.. address T. K. STATELEft.
G. A.. frK Market it.. S. F.
:. ' ¦ ? ¦
Tb«- one great -virtue of Burnett's Vanilla Ex
tract is purity. It's real vanilla extract & noth
ing but VanlMft ntnxt Alu.iv* nm» RiiFn'.tf.
According to a writer in the London Lancet:
"Too much bathing is harmful, as it tends to macera
tion'of the superficial part, of the epidermis, which is
too frequently removed and occasions probably too
rapid a proliferation of the cells of the malpighian
layer." It is surely a serious thing to run such risks
just for a bath. People who cannot live without
water should use it internally. \
Letters and Affidavits Submitted to the President by Sen
ator Bard, the Attitude of Perkins and Side
lights on a Reeent Eleetion.
sions put upon him
Such are some of the specific charges made against
the Warden. There are many others of a like na
ture varying in the degree of harshness alleged.
That some of the reports may be exaggerations is of
course likely, but so many of them come from re
liable sources it is impossible to meet any of them
with incredulity. They raise against the Warden
a suspicion which neither he nor his friends can
afford to ignore. Should the Prison^ Directors for
any reason hesitate to undertake an investigation it
would be wisdom on his part to demand one. It is
not probable, however, that there will be any hesi
tation in making an investigation. It is the duty of
the board to search cut the truth and make it
known, so that if the Warden be guilty he may be
punished, or, if innocent, be cleared of the asper-
According to one of these reports a prisoner was
kept in. a straitjacket for eleven hours, released in a
state of physical collapse and thrown into a cell,
where he lay all night without medical attendance.
He died on the following morning. Another form
of inhumanity is cited in a report that a prisoner suf
fering from a broken leg was left to lie in his cell
four weeks without medical attendance, so that the
leg knit by itself, leaving the sufferer a helpless
cripple, and when at last an effort was made to re
pair the injury the victim died while undergoing the
operation.
In defense of the Warden against charges of that
form of ill-treatment of men under his control,
either as prisoners or as attaches of the prison, it
may be pleaded that he was acting in the interests of
the State in trying to be economical, but no such
defense can be made against other charges even
more serious. It is stated that he has made use of
the straitjacket as a means of punishment with such
harshness that several prisoners have broken, down
under it, and in one instance the punishment is al
leged to have been the cause of death.
It has been charged that Wilkinson has been
harsh in his treatment of attaches and prisoners.
Among other specifications of harshness it ' is said
that in his desire to nuke a showing of economy in
his administration he has compelled the prison
guards lo sleep on unclean sheets, " which are
changed but once a month, has cut down their al-»
lowance of soap and committed other acts of petty
tyranny in the name of economy. Much more se
rious are the reports of his treatment of prisoners,
who are said to have been forced to go through the
winter scantily clad and insufficiently fed.
One of the charges against him, that of having
tampered with the United States mails and having
removed letters from a mail bag, will of course be
dealt with by the Federal authorities, but there are
plenty of others to occupy the attention of the State
officials.
UPON the charges made against Warden Wil
kinson 7)f the State penitentiary at Folsom
The Call has no judgment to pronounce- at
this time further than to say they are sufficiently se
rious and sufficiently authenticated to make an in
vestigation imperatively necessary. That investiga
tion should be at once undertaken by the Board of
Prison Directors and be carried out in the most thor
ough and comprehensive manner.
AFFAIRS AT FOLSOM
LYNCH'S CAREER AS LOBBYIST,
OFFICIAL FAKER AND MEDDLER
-¦ It' will be seen ¦ that -while the Kaiser's' "way is 'a 1
trifle too ardent, it is after all a very good way and
leads to good ends. H«*is now working for peace
and 'the expansio.n of German commerce and indus
try. He wishes friends in the United 'States, among
the Jews and in Alsace, and he goes about making
them with' .all 'the force there is in him. It is to be
hoped he will be everywhere successful. - He is on the
right track and. deserves to get there.
repeals the dictatorial pow^r and gives her people the
same rights as other Germans.-
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, FKlDAXv JS1Q.Y " .' t Z'd>,. iyu*J.
6
Call ¦ubiicrlbers contemplating- a change ot
residence dsrlna- the summer months can nave
their paper forvrarded by mall to their nevr
addresses by notifying Tne Call Business Offlce.
Thla paiper ¦•rill also be on sale at all sununer
resorts and ls represented 117 a local *ccut ln
¦.11 towns on tne coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWfl FOR THE SUMMERLarge Crowd Journeys to Los Gatos
ST. JAMES PARISH .
; ENJOYS A PICNIC
"Weller was granted time to amend h'.a
answer, he stating that if given such per
mission he would make his denials abso
lute. Judge Murasky then put the matter
over for two weeks.
Ach argued that the answer of "Witt
man to the complaint was defective in
that he based his denials on information
received. He claimed that "Wittman ex
ceeded his authority in directing the
raids to be made.
Attorneys Henry Ach and T. D. Rlor
dan appeared before Judge Murasky yes
terday and argued In support a motion
for an injunction restraining Chief of Po
lice "Wittman from raiding the billiard
rooms of P. O. Atkinson at the Cafa
Royal. C. L. "Weller appeared for Chief
"Wittman.
Attorneys Argue Suit for Injunction
Preventing Raids in Cafe
Royal.
CLAIM THAT WTETMAH
EXCEEDS HIS AUTHORITY
The board instructed the secretary to
advertise for bids for the paving of Mis
sion street between Silver avenue and
Ocean avenue.
The City Street Improvement Company
secured the major portions of the con
tracts to sprinkle and sweep the streets
during the next fiscal year from the Board
of Public "Works yesterday. Bids were
opened and Gray Bros., who now hold the
best of the contracts, were the successful
bidders in District No. 3 only at 26 cents
per 1000 square yards. The City Street
Improvement Company's bid to clean the
streets in District No. 1, which com
prises the business section of the city,
was 79 cents per 1000 square yards, an In
crease of 4 cents above the present rate.
In Districts Nos. 2 and 4 their bid was 27
cents, a slight decrease from the figure
now in effect. The City Street Improve
ment Company also secured the contract
for sprinkling the streets for 19 cents per
1000 lineal feet, at 7% cents less than the
existing rate.
and City Improvement Company-
Is Successful.
Board of Public Works Opens Bids
AWABDS CONTRACTS FOB
QLEANING THE STREETS
yesterday instructing him to hold J. A.
Hull, as an officer would be sent at onca
with the necessary papers for his extra
dition. Hull was arrested "Wednesday at
the office of the Holland Torpedo-boat
Company, where he was employed as a
clerk. He is wanted in Chicago on a
charge that he stole $1500 worth of jew
elry from the Juergens, J. Anderson Co.,
wholesale jewelers there.
by Judge Fritz for lack of prosecution.
The same disposition was made of the
cases of S. M. Levy, chicken dealer. 420
Front street, and Alexander Wolfen,
chicken dealer, 423 Front street. In Judge
Mogan's court the case of C. L. THden,
president of the Overland Transfer
Freight Company, 203 Front street, was
dismissed, as it was shown he had a
permit from the Board of "Works.
There is a disposition on'; the part of
the Board of Public "Works not to prose
cute the cases of business : men ' arrested!
for obstructing the streets. The cases of
Henry, Blyth, of .; Blyth & . Trott, » ' lum
bermen, Spear and Mission "streets, and
Henry Schindler, truck manufacturer, 12S
Spear*, street, were dismissed yestorday
Not Disposed to. Prosecute.
Inheritance Tax, Collections'.
City Treasurer McDougald is preparing
to make his semi-annual settlement with
the State on collections of' collateral in
heritance taxes. From December 3, 1901
to May 5, 1902, the sum of $(8,690 was col
lected, out of which $29S3 20 is retained as
the Treasurer's fees and $174 75 for ap
praiser's fees, the Slate /receiving 'the
balance. '>.-.'~-v. * L K #:
Tho treasurer of the lady manager* of
the ;Maria Kip „ Orphanage received a
check for- $63 30 from church collection
and donation by committee on sports on
voyage No. 7 or steamship Ventura The
ladies take this method of publicly ex
pressing their gratitude and apprecia
tion to all thus interested in- thisr char
ity for orphan and homeless girls. : .'; :
A Welcome Donation.
City Attorney Lane rendered an opinion
yesterday that the improvements placed
upon school lots fronting upon York and
Hampshire streets have not become fix
tures belonging to the city. The char
acter of the}r construction and attach
ment to the land bears evidence that
there was no intention to make them a
part of the realty at the expiration of
the lease, Lane says?. -
City Does Wat. Own Improvements.
Each coupon bears the initials in large col
ored letters M. & F. on the face of' the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as decided
by tho Lottery of the Beneflcencia Publica Com
pany. Drawing May 22. 1002: Number «8$S2
wins $7600. sold In San Francisco, Cal. ; No.
2320 wln« $2500. sold in San Francisco, Cal. ;
No. GC3.1 wins $1250. sold in Fresno. Cal; Nos.
S0039 35057, 65470. 74815 and 78635 each win
$125, eold In San Francisco, Cal. •
PUBI.ICA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO. ORGANIZED SEP
TEMBER, 1893.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time,
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to sea that their tickets
read a* follow*:
THE ORIGINAL. LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
lica Company of San Francisco,
Organized September, 1893.
SPECIAL. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
The Original Little Beneflcencia Pub-
OFFICIAL.
. ..'Mrjfc Pauline Bergstein, the divorced
wife of Dr. Henry Bergstein, a Nevada
physician, obtained a judgment for $675
alimony against her former husband in
Judge Hunt's court yesterday.
_ Di v orces were - granted yesterday to
Phoebe Walker from Charles Walker for
ntclect, M. Safere from Maria Saf ere for
infidelity : Margaret C. Brown from
George A. Brown for desertion, Jean
Lieurette from Marie Lieurette for deser
tion, Maggie Alden from Charles Alden
for neglect, H. L. Talbot from Lucinda
Talbot for. desertion, T. w.' Planatran
from Ida- B.; Flanagan for desertion and
Emma Fredricha from Martin Fredrlchs
for desertion. \
Andrew Peterson, who was married to
Catherine Peterson in 1881, cqmmenced an
action for divorce yesterday," alleging de
sertion. He charges his wife with leaving
him without cause in March, 1895.
Suits for divorce were also filed by A.
J. Atkins against Josie Atkins for deser
tion and cruelty, and G. Protomastro
against Mamie Prqtomastro for intem
perance. • .
Frank J. Gallery is suing Carrie Gallery
for divorce or cruelty/Gallery, who is
a butcher, that his wife . neglects
his home ana spends, his earnings extrav
agantly and curses and abuses him. They
v.ere married in 1890 and have one child,
the custody of whom Gallery asks for.
Suit for Divorce on the Ground
of Cruelty.
Frank J. Gallery, a Butcher, Files
CHARGES HIS WIFE WITH
GROSS EXTRAVAGANCE
Sevfnty-two bolts of jusi cloth have
hven seized by the customs officials in the
Poetoflice addressed to Winkelbach and
coming from Schnerderwind. The latter
is in danger of losing his position.
Chief Clerk Cress Unger said that after
Conway had learned unofficially that the
tariff had bo.en imposed It was Conway's
duty to Inquire of the Collector or his
representatives as to his duty in the mat
ter.
What are alleged to be careless and un
businesslike methods in the San Francisco
Pottoffice are being investigated by Spe
cial Treasury Agents West and Channing.
Owing to the San Francisco Postpfflce
having neglected to take official notice of
the going into effect on March 8 of this
year of the treaty imposing a tariff of 75
per cent of the rates in the Dlngley bill
on all products of. the Philippines, many
hundreds of packages of du' liable go ods
*rom Manila have been allowed to be
landed here without being inspected and
without the duties having been paid upon
1 The discovery was made by Custom
house authorities through complaints that
a man named J. Winkelbach had been
selling embroideries and Jusi cloth to
fashionable dressmakers in this city at
prices which indicated that the duty had
not been paid on them. A watch was set
on Winkelbach by the customs officials
and they found that he had been smug
gling the goods in through the Postonlce
in this city as mail matter in packages
net exceeding four pounds in weight each.
These packages were delivered to Wink
elbach without being inspected in any
way and without being assessed for duties.
I Further Jnevstigatlon disclosed the fact
I that the smuggled goods were deposited
i in the postoffice in Manila by Richard
: Schnerderwind, a postoffice clerk in that
I place. The packages on arriving in this
city passed through the hands off George
F. "Conway, who is not only a postofflce
clerk, but a sworn customs official as
well, his duties as such customs official
being to inspect every, package of mail
• matter liable to the payment of duties
and report the same to the Collector.
This duty Conway neglected to perform,
although he was aware that Congress had
imposed duties on all articles coming
from the Philippines. It is estimated that
because of this neglect tho Government
has been defrauded of a considerable sum
of money since March 8 of this year.
In the absence of Postmaster Montague
yesterday afternoon D. S. Richardson,
general superintendent of the Postofflce,
was asked concerning the matter. He re
plied that his department, so far as he
was aware, had no knowledge of the af
fair. Mr. Conway, on being interviewed,
shitted the blame upon the Custom-house.
He said that ever since the Philippines
liad been declared American territory and
not subject to the prevailing tariff he
had been handling mail matter from that
archipelago as domestic mail, and that
vhen the act of March 8 was passed he
was not officially advised of its passage.
He had telephoned an inquiry to another
d«rk in the Postofflce regarding the effect
of the treaty, but the person addressed
replied that he had heard nothing offl
i cially either.
In the afternoon the recently elected
offlcers were installed by Supreme Junior
Mrs. Lydia A. Monroe of Riverside, as
sisted by Supreme Representatives Mrs.
M. H. Weldon and Mrs. Mary A. Fitz
gerald. The grand body adjourned to
meet next year in . Santa Cruz.
To-day the delegates will perfect the
organization of the county exhibit com
mittee, after which there will be- the in
stallation of the new officers and adjourn
ment till next year, when the convention
will be held in Santa Cruz. . , -
The greater portion of the closing ses
sion of the Grand Temple of the Rath
bone Sisters was taken up yesterday by
the representatives asking questions of
law of the order and questions relative to
the ritualistic work. The former were
answered by the committee on laws and
tho latter by the grand chief and other
grand officers.
The matter of the Pythian Home was
referred back to the lodges for their
views on the subject. . : V
Grand Chancellor Calkins called atten
tion to the matter of arranging for an
exhibit from each county during the con
vention in August. Following his ad
dess, which wa'a full of wise suggestions,
the grand body resolved itself into a com
mittee of the whole and discussed the
matter at great length. After the appoint
ment of W. H. Grant as chairman of a
committee of one from each county and
Herman Schaffner as secretary it was
decided to select one. member or non
member from each county to present the
matter in the most forcible manner be
fore the Supervisors of each county that
has not yet decided to aid a county ex
hibit, such committee to confer with the
general executive committee as ¦ to space
required and other details. Solano was
the first to make a selection in F. M.
Buck of Vacaville.
COUNTY COMMITTEE.
At the morning session of the Grand
Lodge of Pythians yesterday Past Grand
Chancellor Church, .representing Ogden
H. Fethers, the supreme chancellor, who
has been ill for some time, delivered a
long address on the condition of the order
generally. On the subject of the endow
ment fund he showed by official figures
that that branch is \ now -'in good
condition..- He - also * stated -that the
membership increase in the domain
of the United States during- the
last year was nearly 23,000. He urged
all the representatives to go back to their
respective lodges and use their best en
deavors to keep alive the enthusiasm rel
ative to the supreme convention that is to
be held in this city next August;
How to Show Products
of State Discussed
by Pythians.
Postoffice Clerk in Ma.
nila Foi wards
Them.
GOODS SMUGGLED
IN THE MAILS
COUNTY EXHIBITS
ENGAGE KNIGHTS
Mains explained that he was employed
at a salary of $3000 per annum, payable
monthly, and that not needing any of
his salary before his arrest he had not
drawn any, and after his arrest he could
not establish communication with his em
ployers. Hence he was without this im
portant piece of evidence also. He said
also that since his arrest various projects
involving millions of dollars and tho syn
dicates he represented had fallen through
because of his incarceration, and the four
billion dollar trust had lapsed Into a
condition of innocuous desuetude.
Mr. Banning made the opening argu
ment for the Government and the case
will be given to the jury to-day.
Mrs. Mains, wife of the defendant, and
her two little boys testified that Mrs. Gif
ford, mother of Walter Scott Glfford, the
actuary of the mythical syndicates, had
burned all the letters that had been re
ceived by Mains from Rothchild. Gifford
and Davis, the leading members of the
four billion dollar money trust. Mrs.
W. W. Parks, who resides next door to
the Mains, testified that a large quantity
of papers were burned by the Mains chil
dren when their mother and Mrs. Gifford
were absent from home. Mrs. Parks said
also that the Mains furniture and piano
were marked "W. Dav!s, Battle Creek
Michigan/' ¦
BURNED ALL THE LETTERS.
F. G. Bond, a railroad conductor, who
had been called as a witness by Mains,
testified that the packing case containing
Mains' furniture and piano were marked
"W. Davis" when they were taken from
the train to 3132 Twenty-fifth street. This
was to back up the contention of the
prosecution that W. Davis, millionaire,
and ilalns were one and the same person.
On the preceding day Mains swore that
the little pamphlet produced Mn evidence
entitled "The Road to Wealth," being a
prospectus of the organizations compos-
Ing the syndicates, had been printed In
the East, that the proof sheets had been
sent to him from New York by Marcus
Rothchild, another millionaire without an
address or an acquaintance in the finan
cial world, and that he, Mains, had had
nothing whatever to do with the printing
of the pamphlet. Yesterday Alexander
Dulfer, a printer, testified that he had
printed three hundred copies of the
pamphlet in this city a few months ago
on Mains' order, the defendant furnishing
him with the copy.
PAMPHLETS PRINTED HERE.
On Wednesday Mains testified that he
went Into the vault of the California Safe
Deposit &. Trust Company on the corner
of California and Montgomery streets
with W. Davis, a millionaire Interested
Ih the four billion dollar syndicate, and
had seen Davis check the $25,000,000 of
Becurities in Davis' box. Yesterday the
prosecution called to the witness stand
John D. Robertson, bookkeeper of that
institution who swore that neither
Mains nor his millionaire friend ever had
a box in that institution.- The only Davis
having a safe deposit box there, he said,
was W. Davis, a saddler on Front street
and an old patron. .
Mains passed an uncomfortable day In
court yesterday. He is on trial before
a jury in the United Stales District Court
for using the United State l'ostoffice in
an attempt to bunko Dr. Charles E. Ben
nett of Wausjeon, Ohio, out of $3000 by
the promise, that Dr. Bennett would
be made president of a four billion dol
lar syndicate that had $25,00&,000 on de
posit in banks in this city, and $1,300,000
subject to Mains' order.
Witnesses Refute the
Statements of the
Defendant.
Give Evidence Showing Cap
italist Davis to Ee
a Myth.
TESTIFY MAINS
SWORE FALSELY
THE SAK if-KAKeiSCO CAJLL, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1902.
Officer Coming for Hull.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
from Superintendent O'Nell of Chicago
During the afternoon there were races
of various descriptions and dancing.
Drawings for a gold watch, donated- by
Martin Fragley, and also gate j prizes, a
chance for which was included in the rail
way ticket to Los. Gatos and return, took
place about 3 o'clock. The picnickers left
Los Gatos at 5: 30 p. nx, arriving about
8:30 in the city, tired out, but happy.
On the arrival of the trains at noon
the crowd moved in a body, laden down
with lunch baskets and hampers, toward
Shore's Grove, where the day was passed.
Two trains of twelve cars each left
Third and Townaend streets yesterday
morning at 9:30 o'clock conveying: about
2000 happy -people of St. James Parish to
Los Gatos for their annual picnic.
and Dances at Shore's
Grove.
7
RECREATION PAR 1C.
Elehth and Harrison st*.
A_ ••-ice Sale o? Scats». 5 . Stockton - st.
OAKLAND vs
SACRAMENTO.
BASEB_q. !-_.__,
3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M,
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
TBURSDAT. FRIDAY AND EATUItDAY.
Eighteenth Exhibit of the
California
State Floral Society
GRAND NAVE OF THIS VeHUY BUiLDINO.
j , San Francisco,
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY. May
¦ ' _— _3 *M -
¦ - > 10 a. tn. io' fo'p. m.
Murio win be furnUhed every cveninz by
the Band from the U. S. s. PEN'S ACOLA.
ADMISSION. 25c.
so_?R,__2sro.
ADMISSION FREE, but to prevent over-
crowding or the hall tickets ehould be procured
ct Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music Store. Kearny
and £utter nts.
(SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.),
SATURDAY, May 24, at 3 p.m.
•STE1NWAY HALL
ASSISTED BY
Mary Oarpaneto lead,
ANGELUS
PLAYER,
BY THE
PIANO RECITAL
AMUSEMENTS.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HEBPICIDE NOT A FAKE.
Unsolicited Testimonials Tell of Its ''
Superiority.
Alf R. Kelley. residing at 2195 Devisa-
dero street, San Francisco, Cal., writes
the following:
"When I first purchased Herpicide I
thought, like the majority of hair prepa-
rations, it would prove a fake. I am
happy to state that, on the contrary, it is
all, and even more than you claim for it.
Quite a number of barbers throughout the
section in which I travel have called at-
tention to the new hair sprouting out on
my scalp, and inquired of me what I have
been using. I tell them 'Herpicide'; also
give them your name and address."
> © . . © o
I 8mmm 1 to call subscribers only. r -eM# I
I ©©©©©©©©©©oo©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©®©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©© §
\ Every person contracting to take The. Call for six (6) months con secure a $15.00 SET OP J
• "ftllR 1ST ANDS AND THFIR PFOPI F" •
y UU1V luljtH^Uu -Hit/ ilil-lll & JLvrl Huh* |
I fTor _^y |
I Books,will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. Expressage at subscriber's expense. #
> Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of §15. ©
I AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVEBY LIBBABY! ¦ •
I AN OBNAMENT TO ANY DBAWING BOOM! g
I .A SOTJBCE OF INSTRaCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the da- ©)
• lights of travel without its inconveniences. •
| THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. |
% II : , - . .' • ' .-. ¦ _- man H v ra-*. ¦ ; h ¦- °
\ AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. |
I • ' —~ ~~~ ' r^~"'~' S
_l * T TvT T T3 _^\ T^ T T f* XT* T^ T5 \^ • '
g 1JN 1 i\.\JU\jK^tl.Lf is x . g
I MAJOR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, Z
| _ v. * UNITED STATES ARMY. %
I With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by ©
| JOSE p_±3 OLIVARES %
) The Noted Author and War Correspondent. &
9 of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian •
• ' , Stories. '.-V 2
} '. : •. ¦ . -' _________________ ©
I EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE©
• PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII •
» AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- •
I TIONS, HOMES OF THE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- • 5
Z PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED > VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, t
I RIVERS, VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM- 2
I PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- 0
» . ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE •
B * PICTURED PAGE. O
| With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor, S
I Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as ©
5 they now exist , . - . V .• ©
I ..-- ¦ ¦ '¦ . ¦¦¦. ¦¦ - - ¦ •• v! • [ ~~ ~ — ¦ . k o
} - . Edited and arranged by f>
{ .UE^Iil^^v^Si^ s. _3_R,^__r^_._sr 7 y 2
£ Author of "Footprints of the World's His'tory," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hn- S
5 VVALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED. W. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. §
» :¦ ¦ ¦ v~^«A*:-; ¦- ". ' ¦ ¦- ¦ ' '"- — . . ' -- ' ¦' «¦•
» COMPLETR IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. ©.
} REGULAR PRICE $15.00 PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. g
• Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps. ©
fe -..-¦¦ ;_¦, ¦.."'.¦;"¦.-.¦ " ¦ . --¦-¦.'¦..- '• f\
j C~N . B.-rOnly subscribers to Daily Call are entitled to these books at premium rate. All mail orders q
must be accompanied by $3.20, and books will be , shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid^by ©
•©••©••••••••••••••••©•
- •-¦-.. - ¦¦iniii-ifl .mil linn mm n If n ¦ ¦ - — ¦ — "i i_iii»h fun < in ¦¦-¦¦¦• ¦—.-——¦—¦ —i -—-j
Aaiusza-ES-s.
€Kf HEATH r>4 > \
_TIE rr.EES SINGS PRAISES OK
The BRIXTON BURGLARY.!
MATINCi: TO-MCP.HOT/ AXD SUNDAY >
f£ n^rnincr-"A clean rnu diverting London \
Call- "Xo cr.<5 cr __B€_a"ble «-rnn r .'icaUons " \
_sss_s_s^;gg ssss sti H
WwOetJa— "Um 4i__ar is Irresistible.**
-* cfc: — "A i:n'.{tli tvery tr.'.uute.*"
Ti\7siFpS"
i I V_ULJhol_e
EVgtI_C— AT S SHARP! :
MATIXEl: BATC&DAT AT 2 SHARP! i
TliE MOST POPULAR MAIDEN IX TOWN «
THE '
SINGING GIRL I
Coming — To Charm Evervbody,
"THE TOY mAK.ER.»j
POPULAR PRICES _5c. 50c and 75c •
Telephone — Bush 0. |
— — — _ -_^__________ j
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY. !
CHAKI.ES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW!
And Hi» Company in His Greatest Success.
THE SECOND ift CoinMAwDi
By r cbtrt Kirs-ill, mthor of "A Eey_ Family." I
SEAT SALE NOW ON.
KATHRYN KIDDER,:
In an Elaborate Revival of David Garrick's
Immortal Comedy,
"THE COUNTRY GIRL." !
First Performance NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. |
Prices next Monday and thereafter $1 50 to 25c. !
VAUDEVILLE SURPRISES!
S Picchiani Sisters; Midgley and j
Carlisle; Lotta Gladstone; Little \
Elsie, and Dooley and Fowl-y. J
L&et times of Lew Sully; Mr. and :
Mrs. Kelcy; Kelly and Kent, and :
Miss Chester's Statue Dog.
nesff\ - c(J Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box !
Scats and Oi^era Chairs. 50c.
&F£yZSCG*«B-iT?A£i:& r jfo#rtg i !
CEMTK^* pia -£ I
— 4 meat city tut* \
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. '
Magaifictr.t Production of the Famous Melo- !
drama, •
Woman Against Woman;
A Powerful Play — A Great Cast.
Tirst Appearances Here the Brilliant Actress, !
MISs f=M>.n4>' mclNTYRE. !
i ITfF^ Evenlnes 10c to KOc i
• — lv_._» Matinee. 10c. 15c. _5c ;
Next Week -HANDS ACROSS THE SEA." |
M—TIXE— DECORATION DAY. May 30. j
aft* t£% Ek I^OPERA j
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY
FAREWELL THREE NIGHTS OF
EDIA/AKD HARRIGAN
In His Gre-test Saccess,
"Old Lavender"!
Char.ee of bill on account of universal demand j
(<t public to see Mr. Harriran In his
fs-iaous character of OLD
LAVENDER.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c.
Gocd Orchestra Seats_AH Matinees. 23c. !
Next Week— Maude Fealy In "THE LITTLE '
MINISTER." I
LAST TIMES— TO-NIGHT.
Souvenir Matinee To-Morrow. To-Morrow
Nlsrht.
MR. JAMES NEILL
AXD COMPANY
In Augustin Daly's Amusing- Comedy
THE LOTTERY OF LOVE.
: BARGAIN *" EVERY :
: MATINEE THURSDAT. :
: 25c and 50c. :
Sunday Nlcht. Sol Smith Ruseell's Greatest
Comedy Success.
••A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
SEATS READY.
Next— "THE RED KNIGHT."
FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrcll. bet. Stockton and Powell Sts.
Telephone Main 2SL
THERE I THING AS
IS NO j PERPETUAL
SUCH I MOTION.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
However, is the one thing that can run forever.
But It is safer to eet seats as quickly a* you
can poBKlbly secure them in advance.
ICOLU. DILL. BERNARD. "BLAKK. HERM-
SEN. AMBEn. GALLICK, HOPE. EM-
ERSON and the Darling Choms.
Xlslst jirices. 25c and 50c. Saturday and
Sunday. 2Zc. Children at matineee, 10c.
I'rtpare for the Decoration Day Matinee.
Fulton Street and Tenth Areaue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERf AFTEPOON AND
EVEN KG.
BACON AND VANE; BYRNE AND WEST:
MAUDE AND GLADYS SORENSEN: JACK
BYMOXDS: PKTCHING - BROTHERS:
CUAKT AND GRANT, and NEW MOVING
1ICTCRES. •
A Host el Attractions on ft? Grounds.
HWr. THE MILE SCENIC KAILWAY.
Aln;iE::ion 10c Children 5c j
Phone for Seat*— Park 23. ?"*--¦:¦ j
' 1
Vk _ ' •* ¦ - \ •
r/iiPTP Desirable location.
1 dluvv unsurpassed cuisine,
un equaled scr-
#?rj/| vice and modern
uHL> conveniences are the ¦
, attributes that hav; j
nrntm trade these two ho- j
VI I -ill U lew popular with <
tourists and travel- j
l?/vf/_|_ crs who visit San
liUlvid Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The .blowing storekeepers believe the public who support them should share in their profits. 6 per cent is a good share,
too* Ask for 6 per cent Coupons with all purchases, payable by the PACIFIC BROKERAGE CO. from one cent up.
Simply present them in any amount at their office, rooms 224-225 Callaghan Building, J312Market st, and get your money
MARKET STREET. THIRD STREET. } _ NINTH STREET. LAGUNA STREET. KENTUCKY STREET. POWELL STREET. DEVISADERO STREET.
Name Jfo. Name '. ' : No. j Name. 7 ". No. Name. No. Name.. ¦ No. Name. • No. Name. No.
S. W. Dixon . 707 Max Shlrpser 42 I. Lewis ".... 90 George A. Cummins 721 Sarah A. Coathurst..* U08 von der Leith's Pharmacy.. 1400 a. G. Scannell l.HOO
D. Holrberg S77 Sunset Bazaar 42 | H. Crosby 105 Hitter Bros 7a3 Shanahan Florist Co 107 M. Levy 1.102
Summei field .t Roman...... 001 Jacob Neustadter 52 j C. J. McAulifTe 127 . ' . GOLDEN GATE AVENUE. Henry Gracey 2U5 Mrs. D. Schlessinger 1S13
Kahn kcros.— McGiffen 11C8 The Banner 52 Mrs. C. Cameron .240 MONTGOMERY STREET. Name. No. ! C. M. Usher 1405
Lundstrom's 1458 John Marshall .- 218 E. B. Grocery 244 Name No Percy L. Badt Co 20 CAPP STREET. !M. L. Brilliant 1719
A. and J. Levin 711 H. Levy 248 • G. W. Clothing Renovatory. 12 Mellls & Co 130 Name. No. Mrs. Sarah Cohn 707
r v ! n ::::::::::::l^ «i H il§:|: ::: -& Na^ L e EVENTH BTREET - No B^ ; Coh -- ••*» . CASTRO STREET . John H __T_____;'"" i^ 0^ 1
S. Jacobs 1174 Thomas P. Blake 402 Frank Van Tassell 3b8 w H . Dorman ... sn E«eene Warmell 514 W. T. Rancel 327-9! HOWARD STREET
Max Kolander .-.14S4 Bed Star Pharmacy 417 i . Oscar Moses '. 40-; Central Park Fair v.4aO| Na _ p „
A. DiXuia Pharmacy 1249 FOURTEENTH STREET. Mrs. Kuhl ..'. 700 VAN NESS AVENUE. A. Markowltz 5W P If \nfl^, 1^?-
A. Davis & Co 1525 . ttotirttt STRFFT Name • "no Richard Keiger x"-> Name. No. Mrs. Philip Eisner 44i,^- "- Andrews m.5
nulf 8 & Brundase 1404 FOURTH STREET. Vaill & Co ......226-2S H. A. Herinfer _ Co! i:;]' 813 Geor^ Bentley 301! Arthur Qulnn 410-21 ! 1043
F. Grass American Shoe Co.l4«r, > Name 'No. J -. ft - * V° *~° *° Samuel H. Kahn . . . ...... tm Mrs. M. J. Brown 403%;Carroll's 40i:£- E. .Blake 1132
I.Goldman 14<V» Joseph Kohlbecker 145 Barusch & Cohn S? |L. McKay , 333 vV . Granfleld & Sons 1040
Mod* MlfflwrV " "1440 Mpe. Haws •••••^• { SIXTEENTH STREET. A "iCwtztan '". 603 TAYLOR STREET. .S.Jacobs $ 349 £ Strell 9C5
W. O. Hardware Co 25S.T N. Gliksohn 541 Name. No. .V."-? Name. No. | Mm?. Estes 418 P. Devoy 9C0
Central Park Fair 118?-5 Chafc Kohler 1W _,. Leichscurlng ....2837 FILLMORE STREET George E. Stewart HOjMrs. Jas. O'NelH 5 - 0 rwiL ley^ *
G. E. Fulthorp 1025 N. Jackson BIO S . • Caro .S014 Name »i«-_i. j Fu ,, er 5J1 Thomas F. Higgins 427 i ««? r se W^eland 1685
Boston Shoe Repairing Co. .115.'. J- K. Toom«y 540 Frank M . Jackson ..307S Sterling Coffee Co.... r><y> s - L - Zucker l_0 Gereke Furniture Co 2X1-:; ?2^ er * V^k 11 * & Co W S' 3
T. Roberts & Co 1015 **• A. de Haven 125 u. M. Delehanty -..3112 Rosenbaum & Hyanis 1913 Toney Giacomo. . .Cor. Broderick! Im P erlal Pharmacy Cor. 9th
2^ fun^K :::::::::":: ! ; win_» _«__„. ........... 30^ »^KdSi_^?«:S:_5 N am , POST STREET - N t Valencia street. north beach.
_S#SS^:1 1 iSS? R ' m?*™*™* street ttSJ^^—l—Z^S^li^ & Montgomery avenue.
C. L. Barrinston 1800 FIFTH STREET. Name. No. Julius Heyman.. l"!fi W. J. Denvir 62S I B. P. Shaddlck KM Name. No
Van Ness Pharmacy 1S00 Name. . No. Mrs - Crewe 3J-8 H- Hyman '.'.'. Post Street Delicatessen 612 L. Groom 48B; Ryan & Ryan 10
Mrs. Rebecca Barman ..... 124 L. Polesky " 2T50 Papanek & Furey... 207 Ashal Co 600 John Musso 3n
KEARNY STREET Katie Weihdorfl .300 TWENTY-THIRD STREET. Green & White Cor. Geary Eastern Pleating Co 131 Mrs. J. W. Brooks 1346 Hirsch Bros- 2_l-.°.
' „ Namo ' - wo G - JaRes ••• lUM; Novelty Tea Co 700
W^T Frank '..'.Jfc „._ «*« STREET. H. Schulken..Co, Hampshire stl POLK STREET. g STREET. g^sgr^^^^^J?S^B^M^
Georee H Kan? 201 A Lu™eck 4 TWENTY-FOURTH STREET. Redmund'y Pharmacy ..... 701 E. R. Hanlon's Pharmacy... 201 E. Lavaiee 810 E. Y. Carrora & C. Zurlnl.. 129
|p^S^SSSt_ •::::_::: fd ?y^£™« m J n^. » . o T$l\?£z ::::::::::::::$£ geary street. thZHZ fesi? rlprS? dupont street.
David Levin 414 L. V. Merle 4. J E, Furderer .30(6 WoU Levy 176a Name. No. A. T. Pannell & Co 167-75' Namp ..
S5SSR_^^S?|S x^thin B -& suVt hous;: ? Mrs - s - °-»**™^ -'.-;*><" ; J STREET ' SST_-??_? r Ill Boyd & Llndsay 1002 : M
H.El-enberg r... 400 EmH Alkus . .„. 118 TURK STREET. Nan£° LS0M STREE *' No . fflef U^i^^l llll^ti MISSION STREET. VALLEJO STREET
h S \ em ™ S SI; '%? AKuitzman "235 Name - No - George L. McCoy 1^4 Sparrow & Goodenough 107 Name. No VALLEJO STREET.
l^ir^..::::::: | jrF_&r. ::::::::: *U ! 1 Mr8 ' WUUam8 "'¦ l?2^iggliiS« i c o .%
r r n^!acobfT.^.:::::s| §»/^v::-::::::::: - 1 Mcoon___ .., : 50s . ::::::::::::::: »« N r RRELL STREET - No . _£^Ss^:E S.:S_K street.
J-o ul J.Meyer 017 «... a. • •••• ••••• *»» GROVE STREET. D. G. Molloy 1612U L. T. Ladd 415 D. Landa 2025 Name. No
T»^V;TBaik«A" elo DeasyiTos .::::: 24 Name - No. D. Spence.. 2800 J. S. Guerln & Co.. 41lU. Goehrfng 013 Henry Semeria 1288
Brigden. Turney & Batkin.. 610 T C ohVn " | ! ! 8fl0 Mrs. E B. Jefferson 44 E. Hunter iuq Cal. Clothing: Renovatory.... 2S7, New Idea Furn. & Fifg Co. 364 1 Pacific Tea Co 1222
nn»VT 1VTVT1P Mr«' I ' SlnKleton 40416 ' Leo Cohn 408 Henry E. Brown 020; *
GRANT AVENUE. Mrs. x. ftingieion *«,. HARRISON STREET. HAIGHT STREET. Dr. J. W. Levy 6jJohn B. McCormack 941 ! STOCKTON STREET.
Name. No. street tj,-,.. ' -kt Name. No. Eearey Furniture Co 1429 Name. jio
Albert Hoeflich 116 | SEVENTH blH-hl. N « m |;, n H e . £?o Mm. P. E. Walker 500 EDDY STREET. L. Van 1807 ft Henry Semeria I22i
'E. P. Bayly's Pharmacy.... 227 Ivame No. S. B. Sundes 1122 j. H . EIch , er 550 Name. No. J. M. Bryan 2105A:Kenry Semeria i.1334
HaskeJl & Jones Co 243 Royal Portrait Co. W w^ at I t<stvd ctpttpt S - f - r>ru * Co Cor - Pierce Emp. Clothing Renovatory.. 109 tt. Woolaeh 1131; Henry Semeria 151H
Mrs. Dora Danziger 150 McALLISTER STREET. Dr. S. F. Meacham U W. H. Petitt 3279 Frank Stadelman i"w>
ELLIS STREET. „__,____.__. . Name No. HYDE STREET. William Olinsky 1Q2 W. R. Mclnnis 3286 'H. J. - Ott 132O
Name. No. EIGHTH STREET. \ George H. Swain 4«9 Name. No. Henry C. Brunkhorst 3286 [Golden West Tea Co 1303-5
L Levy & Co 134-8 Name. No. Alex O. Schmidt 1798 Mrs. J. Sullivan .'.1911 CLEMENT STREET. Mrs. H. Schwarz 3241; Ernest Hirsch 1421
A*. B. Smith Co 128-32 J. E. Plamondon & Co 8 Mrs^ F. Goodman 1030 John J. Bahrs 1800 Name. No. C. W. Miller 33C8; Eastern Outfitting Co... 1304-1'
Ignatz Beck 1348 A. Beechele 320 J. R Donovan 404 Paul de Martini Cor. Union Mrs. M. Somers 229iN. A. Erickson 2210 'a. Lewis 1307
O'Brien Bros .Cor. Pierce Mrs. W. Aasmussen 401 A. C. Smith 433 Mrs. M. T. Harry 323 T. H. Davis. 330. Charles A. Bryne 2646. Eastern Crockery Co l.!l20O
Caller write for Coupon Holder in which to keep yourCoupons — SAFE— and receive it, like the Coupons— for the asking— FREENEW YORK, May 22.— The local market for
tin was somewhat easier, with spot closing at
$30@30 20 and the London market with spot
unchanged at £136 5s and futures 10s lower at
£131 15s.
Copper was steady here, but lees active,
though urices were a, shade better. ,' The Idea
however, Is that the keen edge of the market
has been dulled by a let-up in the -bull manipu
lation. Local prices at the close were as fol
lows: Standard spot" to August, $11 SO012
lake, $12 50@12 65; electrolytic. $12 32%®
12 50, and casting, $12 25@12 50. The Lon
don market at first advanced 7s 6d,'but this
was lost and final . prices for spot and futures
stood at ' £55, or net unchanged. • —
Lead was steady here at the unchanged price
of 4%c. ' At London a decline 'of Is 3d was
noted, . closing at £11 lls 3d. ; • ¦ <_
Spelter was firmer, with spot scarce at 4.60c
At London spelter was unchanged at £18 10s!
The local market for Iron ; was unchanged.
Plglron warrants, nominal.. No. 1 foundry
Northern, $19 50@20 50; No. 2 foundry North
ern, $19 50S20 00; No. 1 foundry. Southern
$18 50^19 50; No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft,
$18 C0@19 50. Foreign iron markets I were un
changed, Glasgow closing at 53s lOd and Mid
dlesboro at 09s. . . ' »
. — . ..... ¦ • ¦ .
New ' York \ Cotton Ma rket.
NEW YORK. May 22.— Cotton opened steady
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat — May. July. Sent
Opening 6 1% 61% 6 3«
Closing 6 T£ . 6% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— ; May. SeDt
Opting ....; 22 05 20 « '
C1 Flo n u g r- I,""' *<* ?°™
Opening .? .....20 75 20 45
Closing .26 75 ¦ 26 60
" Tho Hay market is steady, with a very good
demand from the small " dealers. Bran and
Middlings continue' firm.
BRAN— $18<&19 per ton. • •
MIDDLINGS-r$21@23 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@22 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill, $25@26; job
bing, $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50;
Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $7@11; Clover, $7@0;
Volunteer, $U 50@S 50; Stock, . $6@8 per ton.
STRAW — iO@65c per bale.
. Beans and Seeds.
Local handlers of Beans report rather more
steadiness to the market, with some Increase
in tho : demand.' Pinks brought a small >• ad-'
vance yesterday, the other descriptions remain
ing as before.- .
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
@2 50; large White, $2 30@2 40; Pea. $3 25®
3 50: Pink, $2 05@2 20; Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$4 90@5; Llmas, $3 65@3 75; Red Kidneys.
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. '- V ' ,- ¦¦ • -
SEEDS — Trieste . Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yel
low ¦-. Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@
2%c; Hemp,' 3%c per lb. . ..
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 C0@2; Green. $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
i Potatoes', Onions and Vegetables.
New Potatoes ¦continued, to, -weaken • under
heavy ; receipts. V Most of the stock In boxes
was sold on the wharf. I OW were duil I and
feotureless.: with stocks piling up: The steam
er from, Puget Sound brought down 2360 sacks.'
; Receipts of New Onions continue large and
The first new volunteer wild oat Hay of the
season came'in yesterday from Byron, Contra
Cc&ta County, and sold at ?9 per ton. It was
choice and much better than the first arrival
of the same kind of. Hay last year. . .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Foreign Futures.
Chicago was rather higher on the day. The
packers were supporting the market, but It was
dull, and the tendency was to drag. Brokers
were the best buyers.
The, San Francisco market continues inactive
and nominal. The demand has perceptibly di
mlnished during the past few days, and is now
very light. Prices are unchanged
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lh >n
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14% c 'for Heht
15%c for extra lleht and 16@17cf for sufar'
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams 14lio- noli
fornia Hams, 13% @14c; Mess Beef $10 ni;
bbl; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family, $11 5 n©
12; prime Mess Pork, $15@15 50; extra cleaF
$23; Mess, $1S5O@19; Dry Salt Pork llvA
sid^s^fe; £ 75: elll H
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c Der lh
for compound and 12%c for pure; half -barrels
3 U lb e 'tln 2 S % 13%c" lb tlnS> 13i4c: 5 " lb ""^ 13%c;
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c- thr*»
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce 10%'c- two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb. "
Hides, Tallow^ Wool, and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides
0%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags 7c :
Salted Kip, 9c:- Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf'
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll@13c;- Dry Calf. 16@18c: Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
SOc each; short Wool, 40@60c each; me'dlunv
65@75c; long Wool. - 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides; salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium. $1 50:32- for small and 50c for Colts-
Horse Hides, dry, $175 for large, $1 50 for
medium. $1@1 25. for small and 50c for Colts
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry ealted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 32%c
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c ;, medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb-
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c. - , '
WOOL— Spring, • Northern free, 14@16c- do,
defective. ,13@14c: Middle County free, 13@16c
do. defective, 12@13c; Southern. 12 months 9@'
10c;. do, 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill/ Il<ai3e-
Nevada. 12@15c per lb. : '
HOPS-^c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice. •
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July' 6c; San
Quentin, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine,' 7%@8c.' ' • ,. '¦¦-. -
¦ COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $U 50-
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay," $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
end. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 .in sacks; Penn-'
sylvanla, Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite,: $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ton. in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky • Moun
tain descriptions. $8 , 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per ton, 'according. to brand.' :„. . •
i OIL^-Calif ornia ; Ca3tor Oil.- In cases, No : 1
70c; pure, $1- 20; Linseed Oil; In , barrels, boiled'
78c ; ' raw, 76c ; cases, 5c more ; Lucol, 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. in barrels: Lard 011
Provisions.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 par 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Ric« Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50;" Wholfr Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; In
sacks, $6 85@8 60; Pearl . Barley, $5 50: Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 tor Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3<0
3 80. ¦ .
In addition to the steamer Cymbeline, al
ready mentioned. ¦ the steamers ¦ Ganges and
Askehall are chartered to load liberal lines of
Flour at Vancouver for the British army in
South Africa. *
Flour and Millstu ffs.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, May 22.— To-day's stock mar
ket was extremely irregular throughout and
closed with that tendency rather emphasized.
The same stocks changed their course In some
cases and the prevailing disposition of the
speculation was hardly distinguishable and
was, in fact, much confused and mixed.
The anxiety over the coal strike was rather
deeper, on account of the implied threat of the
engineers, firemen and pump-runners in the
anthracite mines to come out unless an eight
hour day is granted them. This would bring
the struggle to an acute stage, as the safety
of the mines is dependent upon their work be
ing done. Some of the steel stocks were heavy
in tone ae a result of the effect of the coal
strike, which is beginning to be felt in that
industry. This did not prevent a Jump of ten
points in Lacka wanna and a late spurt in Del
aware and Hudson. The culmination of 'the
recent extended rise in Canadian Pacific and its
sharp reaction naturally had some sympathetic
influence upon the rest of the market. There
was no news to account for the setback any
more than there has been to account for the
rise, and the movement seemed to be due pure
ly to speculative proflt-taking. The late break
in the stock to below 133 helped to unsettle
the close. A break of six points In Ann
Arbor preferred probably was the re
eult of the settlement of control of that prop
erty. The United States Rubber stocks suf
fered from the poor financial showing of the
company for the past year. St Paul offered
a strong leadership for the grain carriers but
it was not followed with activity, and Union
Pacific was rather persistently heavy offsetting
the effect of St. Paurs advance of 2%. The
news from the crop region was considered en
couraging. Another center of strength was
Amalgamated Copper. The gains in National
Lead were allied to this, being the outgrowth
of the advancing tendency of raw copper The
meeting of support for silver is a benefit to the
Smelter stocks. The money market ' continued
quite easy, with call loans ruling at 4 per cent
or lower and with the sterling exchange mar*
ket fchowing no disposition to advance aeain
The^ market closed active and extremely ir-
Boads were fair and firm in tone. Total
sales, par value, $2,525,000. *"""
United States bonds were unchanged on the
l&$*l. C£l11 s
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 34.500 HOV* 7OU rav.
Atehison ptd 5,«W »8% is 9 I'*
Bait & Ohio 1.400 107 10cV lo«U
Bait .fc Ofcio pfd... 1.500 »5 •» U5
Canadian Pacific... 40,5(Xl- 135 132% 133
Canada Southern... 3,100 97 mil o«u.
Chesapeake & -Ohio. 500 4«% 46% 46U
Chicago & Alton... 9,300 39% 38% 38%
Chgo t Alt pfd Kjo 77 77 7«l°
Chg-o/lnd & Louis.' 200 75% 751Z 7?^
chgo. md & l pfd .;.. % iip 4
Chgo & E Illinois.. 1,200 165% le4i£ l«B%
Chgo & G Western. 2,000 29M, 29 «w
Chgo & G W A pfd 400 88% 88% ««%
Chgo & G W B sti 800 49 49 22^
Chgo & Nwesttrn.. 2,300 252 251 ' 251 1*
Chgo, R I & l'ac. 200 174 172 173%
Chgo Term & Trn. 1,000 22% 21% 21
Chgo T & T Dfd... COO 39 39 38%
C.C, C&SIL j^g
Colo -Southern 4,900 31% 31 y. 31
Colo So Jst ofd .... ...t 70U
Colo So 2d pfd.... 600 43% 43" asm
Del & Hudson 800 177% 175 17(ii!
Del. Lack & W... 600 285. 282 275
Denver & Rio Gr.. 100 42 42 ' 414i
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 700 ©0% 90 SOVi
Erie 2,200 37% 86% 3oll
Eri* 1st pfd 400 68 C7% 67<&
Erie 2d pfd 400 52 51% 61%
Great Northern pfd .... Ig6
Hocking Valley.... 300 81% 81% 81%
Hocking Val »rd... 200 90% »0% 90
Illinois Central 8,300 153 152 102%
Iowa Central 3O0 45% 4514 45(4
Icwa Central pfd.. 300 84% 84 9« 84
Lake Erie & West «5%
L Erie & W pfd 127
Louisville & Nash. 600 138% 139 139
The leading futures ranged as follows-
TVffiVo. 2-° Pen - H^T^o^ao^:
nil 1 k 11 1
iSSHR::::: ill E S 3X
"¦feSTSsi-i, ?! » -88 Si
iwiisiiiimiif
$1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35. wlnes>
Flo^r^aTreU ATo^" ""Sffi*
SornfVs^I 18 ..::::::- 1?S i : E
Barley, bushels 000 "^OOO "
EASTERN MARKETS.
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr reg 110%lll% 4s qr cp(new)136%137%
4s qr coup..ll0%lll% 3s qr coup.. 107% 108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. 91% — Oceanic S 5s 98% 99
Bay CPC 5s. 108^109 Omnibus 6s.. — 130
C C G&E 5s.l05%106 Pac G Im 4s. — 100
Cal-st 5s ...119 — Pk&CH6s— 110
C Costa 5s. . ,— 111 Pk & O R 6s — 125
Ed L & P 6s — — Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 5s. 101 102%
Geary-st 5s.. — — SF & SJVSs.121 —
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 63 — 116%
Do 6s .... — 99 S P of A 6s
L Ang R 5s.ll8%119% (1909) 113%113%
LA LCo 63.103 105 (1910) 114% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — ¦ — (1905)St A.106%107%
L A & P 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr B. — —
Do lem 5s. 103 — (1006) 110 —
Mkt-st C 6s. — ¦ 127% (1912) 120% —
Do lem 6s. 120% — S P of C 1st
N R of C 6s. — — c gntd 5s. — —
Do 5s 120%131% Do stmpd.109% —
N Pac C 5s.l09%110% SP Br Cal 6a — 140
NCR 5s.. 114% — S V Wat 6c. — 111
Oak Gas 5s. 113 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 125 125% Do 4s 3dm.l01%102%
Do 1st c5s.H3%115 Btkn G&E6S.102 104
Oak TV G 5s.l03%104%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — — I Port Costa. . 63% 66
Marin Co .. 59 — I Spring Val.. 90% 91
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac L Co... 47% 49
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 37 39
Mutual 4 5 SFG&E. 43% 44&
O G L & H. 63% — S F G L Co. 5% 5%
'Pac G Imp.. 38% 40% Stktn G &. E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 — (
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 — iFirst Natlonl. — —
Anglo-Cal ..— 91 |L P & A 163 170
Bank of Cal.425 j 429 ¦ Mer Ex (llq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.121 — S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS. >
German ...1900 — iSav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — (Security Sav340 390
Mutual Sav. 84 90 Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U.525 — 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..174 176% -Market ..... 99%100%
Geary — 60 |Presidio .... 39 —
POWDER.
Giant 75 75%/Vlgorlt ...... 3% —
SUGAR.
Hana I 3% 4% Ktlauea .... ©«
Hawaiian .. 32 38% Makawell .. 23% *>4%
Honokaa -.". .. 11% 12 Onomea .... 24 24}i
Hutchlnson .13 13% Paauhiu ... 12% 13*i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Paek.l59%159vs Pac A F A. 2»I
Cal Fruit As — 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 100% 100% Par Paint . 26
Oceanic S Co 30 31
Morning Session.
20 Oakland Gas « -.
10 S. -V. Water : "01 4?it
60 S. V. Water 9124
$2000 S. P. of Arizona (1909) 1**113 b">V
Street — . v " 7a
$1000 Oakland Transit 6 per cent...... 125 00
Afternpon Session.
Board — \
15 Alaska Packers' Assn tuae-ru.
100 Oakland Gas .7 63 75
10 Onomea ! Sugar Co •-••• ta
15 S. V. Water .............. ot no
150 S. V. Water no 7n
$5000 Oceanic S. S. bonds .... Si -i
$15,000 Oakland Transit 6 per cent.*!""i25 00 "
StX€Ct-~~ ¦ * ' V" •¦»*¦' >j *
103 California Wine Assn xqq 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
j 200 Monarch of Arizona- ......... 17
500 Occidental of W. Va .... " on
100 Sterling "" j Jps
100 Sterling (b 60)..... 1 an
100 Sterling' ' 1 otu
100 Sterling (b 90) 1 o5
¦ . Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Caribou .'... ... 53
1800 Junction . • .' 24
250 Kern 500
1300 Oil, City Petroleum . m
100 ¦ San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 00
100 Shamrock ..... .\. .1.. ......... " (55
200 Sterling (s 90) . .... . . . .-. . . . . * 1 g 0
200 Sterling. ....'..'..¦....-............. \ g 0
.500 Sterling .......'....:.;......;.... l 82J4
THURSDAY, May 22.-2 p. m.
STOCK ; AND BOND EXCHANGE.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
with fog in the morning; light southerly
changing to brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
The temperature has risen from 2 to 6 de
grees over most of California. In the great
valleys the temperatures are still below the
normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 23, 1902.
Northern California.— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Friday; light southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; light
southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday; fresh southerly
winds.
There has been but little change in pressure
during the past twenty-four hours over- the
western half of the country. A moderate de
pression still persists over the intermountain
country.
No rain has fallen in California, but the
weather is generally cloudy.
FORECAST.
Temperature 7 a. m., 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THURSDAY, MAY 22.
Caroline L. and Joseph M. Parker to Henry
K Bothin lot on N line of Green street, 11«> W
of Polk. W 84 by N 205:9; $10. ¦
Anna R or Annie R. O'Neal (Leonard) (wif.*
of Frank) to James English, lot on W line of
Gough street. 110 S of Post. S 27 :« by W 110;
E'lla N. and Florin L. Jones to Michael
Studzinski lot on S line of Pest street, 125 VT
of Devisadero. W 25 by S 77:4; $10. -
Charles A. Francis J. and Alice P. Sullivan
to Josephine Walter, lot on N line of Pago
street, 50 W of Broderick, W 25 by N 100;
$10
John L. Slater to Eugenie Slater, lot on N
line of McAllister street, 171:10% W of Baker.
W 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Nellie L. Field and Florence H. Luckett
(Field) to Evan L. Reese, lot on N line of Pago
strtet. 50 E of Lyon. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Delia King (widow) to Richard Schieve, lot
on E line of De Long avenue, 131 S of Fred
erick street, S 25 by E 85; $10.
William Deacon to Willis Nelson, lot on SB
corner of Twentieth street and San Carlos ave
nue, E 37:6 by S 85; $10.
Ernest Miller to Citizens' Building and Loan
Association, lot on N line of Hancock street,
350 W of Church. W 25 by N 114; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to City
Street Improvement Company, lot on N lino cf
Fifteenth street. 196 W of Noe. W 25 by N
115; $ .
Sidney and Jerome Hamilton to Margaret
Schulken. lot on S line of Twenty-third street,
75 W of Hampshire. TV 50 by S 104; $10.
L. H. Hoefler to Emma M. Hoefler (wife), lot
on SE corner of Twenty-sixth, and Florid*
streets, E 50 by S 113; gift.
Michael and Hannah V. Wlnslow to Edward
J. Winslow. lot on W line of Chattanooga
street. 65 N of Homer (Twenty-third), S 65 by
W 117:6; also lot on N line of Sixth avenue.
ISO E of M street, N 100 by E 50, block 97.
Central Park Homestead; also lot on 8W lin»
of Fifth Jivcnue. 262:6 SE of B street SE 37-8
by SW 100. block 108. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $10
William T. and Mary Such to Gustaf' A.
Nelson, lot on W line of Collingwood (Sherman*
street. 137:6 N of Twentieth, N 27 :« by W 125-
Jefferson H. Scammon to Anna Scammoa
(wife), lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street.
75:9% E of Noe, E 26:0% by S 114; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Valley street.
101:9 W of Diamond. W 50:11 by S 114; also lot
on S line of Twenty-seventh street. 101:10 H
of Ellen. E 50:11 by S 114; gift.
Giuseppe and Adellna Garibaldi to Angelo
Skngalll, lot on NE corner of Union and Var
ennes streets, 195 "W of Kearny. E 1S:9 by
William and Johanna Fitzgerald to Patrick
Rafferty, lot on NW line of Shipley street, 150
SWof Fifth. NW 75 by SW 25; $10.
Jefferson H. Scammon to Anna Scammoa
(wife), lot on SW line of Thirtieth street.
30 NW of Bryant. NW 25 by SW 85; gift.
Charles D. Blaney (trustee for Isabella W
Blar-ey) to Mary R. Barstow (widow), Grace
and Alfred Barstow (single), lot on E line of
Minnesota street. 122:4 S of Twenty-third si
77:8 by E 124:1%, NW 148:0; $10.
Mary Barstow (widow), Grace and Alfred
Barstow (single) to LIm Sins and LJm Tai,
same; $10.
James C. and Mary Murphy to Thomas W.
Madden, lot on W line of Third avenue. 275
S of California street, S 25 by W 120. $10.
Augusta Boyd to Adolph H. Melletz. lot on
S line of Clement street. 82:6 W of Twenty
seventh avenue. W 25 by S 100; also, lot on
SE corner Twenty-eighth avenue and Clement
street. E 32:6 by S 100; also, lot on S line of
Clement street, 32:6 E of Twenty-eighth ave
nue. S 1C0 by E 25; $400.
Albert Meyer to Sherman C. Harshbarger
lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue. 200 S of
"H" street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Joseph R. and Margaret Eldridge to Wil
liam Witts, lot on NW line of North avenue
51:4 SW Eugenia street. SW 25:8 by NW 70.
lot 323 Cobb Tract; $10.
Jefferson H. Scammon to Anna Scammon
(wife). Lots 21 to 24. block R. Park Lake Tract
No. 5; gift.
Michael and Hanna V. Wlnslow to Edward
J. Winslow, lot on N line of Fifth avenue 280
W of "M" street, W 150:9 NE 105-4 E 117-9
S 100. block 82, Central Park Homestead: gll't.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Victor Hinter
mann, lot on E line of Orizaba street 75 3
HomSsm 0b7 E °°- bI ° Ck *°' RaIlroad
Builders' Contracts.
Charles D. Taylor (owner) with J. Jf.
Robertson (contractor), architect T Paterson
Ross— All work for a one-story frame and a
two-story frame building (studio and residence)
on lot 20, block F. Sunset Heights; $3790.
'-¦ . . . r- ¦ ? ¦
Big" Freighter Arrives.
The Boston To wboat Company's new freight
er Lyra arrived yesterday from Philadelphia
with about 4500 tons of general merchandise.
The Lyra is Intended for service between Puget
Sound and the Orient. The Lyra had a very
rough voyage and shipped some seas that
wrought considerable damage about her decks.
Heleased From Quarantine.
The Pacific Mall steamship City of Para waa
released from quarantine yesterday. She waa
towed to the Mail dock, where a new crew took
charge of her. The old crew and passengers
will be released on Sunday.
First at New Dock.
The City of Puebla. which arrived yesterday
from Puget Sound, docked at Union-street
wharf No.- 2, being the first of, the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's vessel* to us* the new
wharf.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, 82 %c.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 82%c;
4000. 82% o; 2000. 82%c. .
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls. 83%c; 4000. 83%c.
. Afternoon Session — December — 22,000 ctls,
83 %c: 20,000, 83%c; 10,000, 83% c. July— New,
4000, 86c. Seller the year— New, 2000, 82c.
OATS — In addition to the steamer Cymbeline,
mentioned yesterday, the steamers Ganges and
Askehall are chartered to load Oats and Flour
at Vancouver for Cape Town for the British
army. The three vessels have a combined ca
pacity of about 12.'000 tons. This amply con
firms all recent reports ¦ of great, activity in
Oats up north.
The San Francisco market is very Quiet and
featureless. «.
Grays, $1 37%@1 45; whites, $1 35@1 50;
milling, $1 50@l 55; black, $1 25@1 35; red,
$1 3«%@1 45 per ctl.
CORN — There is . nothing especial going on,
either here or at Chicago. This market con
tinues In the hands of one house, and Chicago
dispatches say that some sections are begin
ning to complain of too much rain over the
belt. .
RYE— Very dull at 90@95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75 per ctl and nominal.'
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
28.000 ctls. $1 12; 6000. $1 11%.
Second Session — December —^000 ctls, $1 12% ;
6000. $1 12%.
. Regular Morning Session — December — 20C0
ctls, $1 12%.
Afternoon Session — December— 10,000 ctls
$1 12%; 4000, $1 12%; 14,000. $1 12%.
BARLEY — The spot market continues apa
thotic at previous j.rices, but futures are higher,
with considerable activity in December.
Feed, 97%ci@$l for No. 1 and 95@96%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 98%c
Hil; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT — Both Liverpool and Paris markets
were lower. The decline -at Liverpool was due
to more favorable weather, poor spot demand,
larger arrivals ar.d Continental reselling to
Liverpool cargoes recently purchased there.
Chicago continued dull in sympathy with the
foreign markets. Fifty loads were taken' on
the seaboard for export. Stocks at Minneapolis
were expected to decrease about 1*000, 000 bush
els for the week. ; • -
This market was dull and featureless at about
previous prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $113%; milling,
$1 15@1 17% per ctl
Wheat and Other Gniins.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.:
Common stock. $25@25 50; preferred, $60 12%@
60 37%; 4 per cent bonds, $91@92; subscrip
tions, $101 25@101 75. .
The allotment notices are now being sent out
to the subscribers to the $5,000,000 of first gen
eral mortgage 4 per cent sinking fund gold
bonds of the United Railroads of San Francis
co. It is stated that these bonds will be ready
for delivery about June 15. There was a large
over-subscription to this issue and some of the
larger subscriptions had to be scaled down in
order to give the smaller subscribers a fair pro
portion. ' The largest amount allotted was
$250,000 and the smallest was about $1000. At
the subscription price of 92%. each bond of
$1000 costs $922 50. with accrued interest from
April 1. 1902, and will net 4% per cent per an
num on this Investment. The coupons are pay
able semi-annually. on April 1 and October 1.
Stocks and bonds showed no changes worthy
of note yesterday, the market being quiet all
along the line. -
CHICAGO, May 22.— Weather of the same fa
vorable character for all crops as has pre
vailed almost uninterruptedly since the open-
Ing of spring dominated the wheat market at
tho opening. Cables were lower, the early ex
port demand was slow and conditions began
to favor seeding In the Northwest. Receipts
were still light, but there was argument to the
effect that last year's big movement was a re
sult of sweeping bins clean all over the coun
try in anticipation of last year's big crop and
that this year's receipts would naturally total
much less. Further, the staall crop bull argu
ment has been a losing one for nine days — that
is, ever since July touched 76 %c For this
reason longs had plenty of stuff for sale. As
a result July started out weak and at once grew
weaker, opening %@%c lower at 74%@74c and
$ T X!i« tO T3%^, After the earl y « *"£ me"
S,,t 1 v i ve 74 u »- s t0P loss orders had come
out freely at 74c. Later the short crowd cov
weaV^c^owerat"^ SOmeWhat - Ju * clo.«l
Oats ruled fairly active and strone Julv
closed firm, %@y <c up at 37%c S< JUly
tlve^Earry thf m iT! Ular and ac
"7 „ „ r1 / t he . ma rket was Ptrong in the face
Shorts covered cash meats h»* a 3lgbt "
and prices rallied 0 well. July poA clofeT^*
up, lard 2%<g5c higher and ribs 5c U p 5 ®' %C
" Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ' $4 051/
Sterling Cables, sight ......_ 4 88 r *
Sterling Cables .'..." — ' 4 89
New York Exchange, sight..... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17 y~
Silver, per ounce — 51 x;
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45^
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown 6%
•@7%c;« Loose Muscatels, 6V4c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown 5%c -
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. . Clusters — Imperials $3-
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $150; London Layers,
$1 SoSl 35. ' '¦¦'-.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2/ 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2 7c- Al
monds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c for soft-
Bhell and 0@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts, 12®
12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5
HONEY— Comb, ll®12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c: Mark 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. '•
The market shows no change whatever.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried, 6@7c-
Peaches, «%@8%c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted
5@6%i; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 6%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white; fiss, 3%fi)4~v,c
fcr black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows
30-40s, 6%@6%c; 40-50s, 5@5%c; 50-60s 4%@
4%c; 60-70s, 4@4%c; 70-80s, 3%@3%c; SO-yosT
3@3%c; 90- 100s, 2%@2%c per lb. . ~
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHERRIES— White, 35@75c per drawer- In
bulk, 3@4c; Black, 50*3900 per box and drawer
and 5<&ti%c in bulk.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1(§3 50,
according to size and quality; Seedlings. $150
©2 25; Mediterranean . Sweets, $1 25@2 50- St
Michaels, $1 50@2; Valenclas, $2 50®3 50; Malta
Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines, in quar
ter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25@1 50 in half boxes :
Lemons, 75c@$l 'for common and $1 25@1 75
for good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, 75c@$2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Ba
nanas, $2 25@3 per bunch for New Orleans and
$2@2 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen.
APRICOTS— -From. Yuma. $2 50 per crate .
APPLES— $1@2 50 per box, according to
quality.
GOOSEBERRIES — 25@30c per drawer and 2@
3c in bulk; English, 75c per drawer and 7c in
bulk. -¦¦-. . . , . . : . . .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Malinda Strawberries came to hand in better
condition and prices were a shade higher for
the best offerings. There were no crates re
ceived. Longworths were in fair condition and
prides were unchanged. A few drawers of
Raspberries came in and sold promptly at the
quotations. Choice Gooseberries met with- a,
fair demarid, but there is a lot of small stuff
coming In. which sells slowly.
A few more drawers of Currants were re
ceived and sold at $1 50 per drawer.
Cherries were easier as receipts were large
and there | was no shipping demand. The
greater part of the receipts in bulk boxes were
poor and sold at low prices.
Desirable sizes of fancy Oranges were in de
mand and scarce, the bulk of the offerings be
ing second class stock, which moved slowly
There is very little Grape Fruit coming in and
the demand and supply about balance. Lem
ons are cleaning up well and the receipts are
very light. The market is almost bare of ripe
Bananas and there will be none received for
some days.
Two cars of Oranges will be auctioned to-day.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 50 for Mallndas; crates from
Watsonville, ; from Florin, .
RASPBERRIES — $1 50 per drawer.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 13,944 [Wool, bales .... 6
Potatoes, sks .. 2,360 Oat Groats, sks 231
Bran, sks 3,400 Corn Meal, pkgs 1,792
Flax seed 2.140 1
Flour, qr sks... 12,048 Wool, bales .... 179
Wheat, ctls 2,140 Feed, sks 45
Barley, ctls .... 9,650 Tallow, ctls ... 313
Oats, ctls 820 Pelts, bdls .... 1,586
Corn, ctls 820 Hides, No 1323
Potatoes, sks .. 1,360 Quicksilver., fiks 225
Onions, sks "... 1,116 Leather, rolls . . 124
Bran, sks 265 Chicory, sks ... 60
Middlings, sks . 370 \ Wine, gals ..... 30.200
Hay, tons 326 Lime, bbls 546
FOR THURSDAY, MAY 22.
Receipts of Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
a20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 22 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
per? tures were reported from stations in Cal-
Iforr.ia:
Eureka 56 — 52lLos Angeles 64 — 16
Red Bluff 76 — 18 ' Sacramento .....70 — Mi
Mt. Tamalpais..5f — *7San Luis Obispo.66 — i6
Fresno 7S — tS San Diego 60^ — 56
Independence ...CS — i2
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
5S; minimum. 50; mean. 54.
LONDON, May 22.— Consols, 95% ; Silver,
23 15-16d; French rentes, lOlf 15c; wheat car
goes on passage, rather firmer; No. 1 Standard
California. 30s l%d; Walla Walla, 29s 9d-
T^f/i^ h v? Un i ry markeis - ste **y. imports into
t^" f Kingdom, wheat. 443,000; imports into
United Kingdom, flour, 139.000
May 22.— Wheat, easy- No 1
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 22. — Wheat— Unchanged ¦
Bluestem, 66%c; Club, 65%c. 7; '
PORTLAND, May. 22.— Wheat— Nominal ;
Walla Walla.. 66c: Bluestem, 67c. .
The total shipments. of wheat from this port
fcr the week ending to-day were 115,566 bush
els. : • - ¦ - ' ... >
Northern * Wheat Market.
* * OREGON, j :
Manhattan Elev. .. 3,800 132% 132 132»4
Metropolitan St Ry 400 149 VA 148% 148%
Mexican Central... 2,600 28 27Vs 27%
Minn & St Louis Ill
Missouri Pacific... 7,500 100 99% 99%
Mo, Kans & Tex 26
Mo, Kans & T pfd 56%
New Jersey Cent 190
New York Central. 6,200 157% 156% 156%
Norfolk & Western 800 57% 56% 50%
Norfolk & W ufd 89
Ontario & Western 1.200 33 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 7,700 149% 149% 149%
Reading 26,600 (53% 62% 62 %
Reading 1st pfd 700 83% 83 83
Reading 2d pfd 7,500 C9% 6S 08%
St Louis & S F.... 1,900 6S% 68 67%
St L & S F 1st pfd 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 600 71% 71% 71%
St L Southwestern. 100 27% 27% 26%
St L Swstrn pfd... ' COO 59% 59 58%
St Paul 71,500 171% 168% 170%
St Paul pfd 300 189 188% 189
Southern Pacific... 11,200 64% 64% 64%
Southern Railway.. 5,100 37% 36% 37
So Railway pfd ', 800 95 94% 95
Texas & Pacific 1,900 41% 40% 40%
Tol, St L & West.. 100 21 21 20%
Tol, St L & W pfd 200 38 3S 37%
Union Pacific 46,900 105% 104% 104%
Union Pacific pfd. 500 87% 87- 87
Wabash 8,900 27V4 26% 26%
Wabash pfd 3,500 44%' 43% 43%
W & L E 400 22% 22% 22
W&LE2dpfd... 34
Wis Central 7,100 27% -27% 27%
Wls Central pfd... 1,700 49% 4S% 48%
Express Companies —
Adams 200
American 225
United States 200 114% 114 114
Wells Fargo 205
Miscellaneous—
Amal Copper 82,000 71% 69% 70%
Amer Car & F 1,200 30% 29% 29%
Amer C & F pfd... 300 89% 89% 89%
Amer Lin Oil 200 24% 24 24
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. 100 52 52 51
Amer S & R 21,800 48% 46% 47%
Amer S & R pfd... 1,400 97 90y> 96%
Anaconda M Co... 2,700 117 115% 110%
Brooklyn Rap T... 6,400 66% 66 66%
Colo F & 1 2,000 99% 98% 98%
Consolidated Gas . 700 222% 222% 222
Cont Tobacco pfd 120%
General Electric 215
Hocking Coal 800 18% 17% 18%
Internat Paper 20%
Int Paper pfd 700 75 74% 74%
Internat Power 7514
Laclede Gas gg '
National Biscuit . 700 47% 47 47
National Lead ... 2.700 21% 20% 21
North American .. 100 123 123 121 'I
Pacific Coast 70
Pacific Mall 100 40 " 46"
People's Gas 700 102% 102% 102%
Press Steel Car ... 700 44% 44% 44%
Press Steel Car pfd 400 84% 84% 84%
Pullman Pal Car «n5
Republic Steel 500 17% 17% 17 "
Rep Steel pfd 100 73% 73% 73U
Sugar 26.800 130% 127% 129%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,600 64 03 63%
Union Bag & Paper ....... . 151?
Union B & P pfd *'" sl rj
U S Leather 2,100 13% i3% 1316
h I £ U I? ber 60 ° 15 % 15 14%
r, I ?? bber pM "- 50 ° 57V * 56% 50%
U S Steel 4,200 40% 40% 40%
US Steel pfd 7,500 90% 90% 90%
Western Union .... 600 91% 91 91
Amer Locomotive . 1,500 31% 30% 30%
£ n £ r c L °? > Pfd •'• 200 » 2^ 92% 92%
K C Southern 7.000 35W 34S ?12
KC Southern pfd.. lt% 60% !^%
Shares sold 615,700
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l 08% L & N uni 4s 1 03^
U S ref 2s coup..l 0S% M ex Cent 48?": . 82%
U S 3s reg 1 07% Mex Cen 1st Ac 32%
U S 3s coup....l 07% M & St L 4s.V: 1 05
U S New 4s reg.l 36^ M K & T 4s. 1 01
Yl | De iT I 8 °° UP -J ?«% M K & T 2nds 83
U S old 4s reg..l 10% N L C lsts 1 04%
' tt o * 1 05V * N J C gen 5s.. 1 3S%
CS5s coup....l 05% Nor Pac 4s.... 1 04%
Atchson gen 4s. 1 03% Nor Pac 3s.... 73
Atchison adj 4s. 94 Nor & W con 4s 1 01 a/
t 8 - 1 %&> ReadIn * *° n S:i So*
5H to^ & ° 3%s " 96 StL&IMcon 5s. 1 15*4
B & O conv 4s.. 1 07 St L & S F 4s 98
Can South 2nds.l 09 St L S wVta" <58
Cent of Ga 5s . .1 08% StL & S W 2nds! 83%
Cen of Ga 1st inc 85 S A & A P 4s 90
Chf* & ° 4 ¥" 1 w % Pac 4s ?' 95%
Chi & Alton 3%s 84% South Ry 5s.. 1 22%
S Sp^oS, 116 * 4a * ° 57 * Tex & Pa c lsts 1 21
M^ 1 ? * en 15 T St L & W 4s 82%
Chi & N con 7s. 1 34 Union Pac 4s... 1 06&
C R I & P 4s.. 1 12% U Pac conv 4s 1 07U
CCC & SL gen 4sl 04% Wabash lsts.. 1 *o
Chi Term 4s 89% Wabash 2nds .... 1 low;
Col & South 4s. 94% Wabash deb B .76
D & R G 4s.... 1 03% West Shore 4s.. 1 15
Erie prior lien 4s; 99% W & L E 4s 91
Erie gen 4s 87% Wis Cent 4s. .' .' .' ! 9314
F W & D C lst.l 15 Cons Tob 4s 67
Hock Val 4%s..l 10%' " ¦ j
• MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .. - 11
Alice 45 Ontario 7 50
Breece 50 Ophir 1 20
Brunswick Con.. 10 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tun'l.. 05% Potosi .. *"" 2S
C C & Va 140 Savage ...'.'.'.'." 10
Deadwood Terra. 1 00 Sierra Nevada 23
Horn Sliver 1 40 Small Hopes . 40
Iron Sliver 75 Standard .. 3 21
Leadvllle Con... 05 a
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I United Fruit ....108%
Call loans 5 @6 Westing com 104$
Time loans 4%@3 Mining—
Bonds — Adventure .... 23V,
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez 3
Gas lsts 94% Amalgamated '.'.'. 70%
Mex Central 4s.. 81 Daly West 44
Railroads — Blngham .... " " * 37 "
Atchison .79% Cal & Hecla .'570
Do pfd 98 Centennial 20%
Boston & Maine.. 198 Copper Range ... 58%
Boston Elevated . . 163 Dom Coal 135 1?
Fitchburg pfd ... 144 Franklin ' 11 k
Union Pac 105 I Isle Royale .... 12%
Mex Central 27%'Mohawk 40%
Miscellaneous — (Old Dominion .. °2%
Amer Sugar .' 129% Parrot 29U
Do pfd 118%'Quincy 130
Amer T & T 178%1 Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Dom Iron & Steel 54% Tamarack 173
Gen Electric 313 Trinity 1314
Mass Electric ... 43% United States 20
Do pfd 96 Utah ............ 22
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Victoria ......... 4%
U S Steel 40Vi Wlnona 3%
Do pfd 90% United Copper ... 36%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for Louis & Nash 143%
money 95 13-16 M K & T 76%
Consols for acct.. 95% Do pfd 60
Anaconda... 6 N Y Central 160%
Atchison 81% Nor & West 58%
Do pfd 100% Do pfd ....... 92
Bait & Ohio 109% Ont & Western... 34%
Canadian Pac ...138 So Railway 38
Ches & Ohio...... 48 Do pfd 97%
Chi Gt West 30% So Pacific 66%
Chi M & St P 173% Union Pacific ....107%
D & R G 43% Do pfd .... 90
Do pfd 83 US Steel 41%
Erie 38% Do pfd ..." 93
Do 1st pfd 69% Wabash ,. 27%
Do 2d pfd 54% Do pfd 44%
111 Central 156% Spanish 4s ,78%
Bar silver, steady, 23 15-16d per ounce
Money, 2%®2% percent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent; for three months'
bills, 2% per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK, May 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says :
Stocks were more active to-day on peace hopes.
Conools were widely bought and they touched
9T'%. Investment shares an i mines were gen
erally higher. Americans opened firm, re
acted on the New York opening and recovered
later, UDder the buoyant influence of Atchison
while St. Paul and Union Pacific were also
favored. Canadian Pacific touched 139% and
eased off to 137% on profit-taking. The rise
Weather Report.
The exports of produce and merchandise
from this port bj- sea in April were $2,726,800.
against $2,143,400 in April, 1901. The exports
of treasure were $335,915, against $530,215. The
Imports of merchandise in April were $3,349.-
RTO. agrainst $3,717,300 in April. 1901. The im
ports of treasure in April were $345,170,
against $705,335.
Foreign Trade of the Port.
THURSDAY. May 22—* p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Andes 02 — jJulla — 04
Alpha — 03'Kentuck 01 02-
Alta — 0© Lady Wash . . — 04
Best & Belch. — 25' Mexican 64 «5
Belcher 06 08 Ophir 150 155
Bullion 02 03 Overman .... 26 27
Con Cal & V.I 50 1 55 Occidental ... 22 —
Chollar 18 1!) Poiosi *» 36
Crown Point . — 08 Bavage . . 13 14
Con Imp — 02 Sierra Nevada* 24 2a
Confidence ... 62 65 Seg. Belcher . 03 C4
Caledonia 82 84' Silver Hill .. — 4-
Con New Yrk — 02 Scorpion ....» — 04
Challenge ... — 17 [Standard .... 20 —
Exchequer ... 01 — Syndicate .... — »»
Eureka Con.. IS — St. Louis ... 04 —
Gould & Cury 13 14|Utah 01 —
Hale & Nar.. £i 26 Union Con .-27
justice 05 06 1 Yellow Jacket 20 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
600 Best & Belch. 23 500 Mexican 63
200 Caledonia 81 200 Occidental ... 21
700 Chollar IS 300 Ophir 150
500 Chollar 19 200 Ophlr 1 52*A
200 Con Cal & V.I 50 300 Potosi 35
200 Gould & Cury 16 200 Sierra Nev... 24
20O Hale & Nor. . - 24 500 Union Con ... 27
200 Mexican 64 1300 Union Con ... 23
Afternoon Session
5000 Andes 03 100 Confidence ... 62
600 Belcher 071 200 Mexican 61
200 Best & Belch. 23 100 Ophir 1 42ft
500 Caledonia ... 82 400 Ophir 145
200 Caledonia ... 80 500 Potosi 32
200 Chollar 1G 200 Silver Hill . . 40
400 Chollar 17 2CO Union Con ... 23
200 Con Cal & V.I 50 500 Yellow Jacket 22
The following were the sales on the PacfSo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session,
300 Caledonia ... 80 500 Ophir 145
100 Con Val & V.I 50 200 Overman .... 27
200 Gould & Cury 13 400 Potosi 33
700 Mexican ..i.. 64 600 Potosi 34
200 Ophlr 1 40
The follovrlnsr were the sales on the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session
MINING STOCKS,
BUTTER— Creamery, 20c . per pound ' for
fancy, 19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy. 16@18%c; store Butter, 14@lt>c
per pound..
CHEESE — New. 8%@9i4c; old, 9@llo; Young
America, 8® 10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound
EGGS — Ranch, 18@18%c for fancy and 16@
17%c for fair to good; store, 15@16^c per
dozen. '
Receipts were 44,200 pounds and 219 tubs of
Butter, 1072 cases of Eggs, cases of East^
era Eggs, 26,500 pounds of California Cheese
and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
An innovation Egg trade is ' being made by
the Dairy Exchange, which has practically de
cided that hereafter the finest grade of ranch
must weigh 26 ounces to the dozen; Irrespective
of color, though white will probably be given
the preference against brown, as heretofore.
The medium and lower grades will not be re
quired .to stand any weight test. The market
remains as before quoted, fine ranch being in
comparatively l'ght supply and firm, while all
other grades are in ample supply for the de
mand.
. The Alaska orders for butter are said to be
about finished, though small ones are expected
to appear for the next month. Receipts con
tinue liberal and. are mainly absorbed by the
general packing. Prices stand the same.
Cheese rims along at the familiar quotations,
with plenty on hand. ' -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SPOKANE. Wash., May 22.— Clearings
$292,366; balances, $19,268. .
,o? EAT / rLEl Wash - May 22.— Clearings, $452,
124: balances, $58,546. ,.-.'¦
TACOMA. Wash.. May 22.— Clearings, $279,
33C; balances, $33 255. . v .
PORTLAND, Or., May 22.— Clearings, $470,
074;.balances. $38,296.
Northern Business.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under 6%c,
200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6@6*ic
sows 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 C0@2 75 per
head or 4%®5c per lb live weight; yearlings, 4
@4%c per lb.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8%@«c; Cows and Heifers
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gross weight). -
SHEEP — Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes. 3(S3i4c per
lb (gross weight).
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7@8c; small. 8@9c per lb. •
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes. 7%@
8c per Ib.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
The situation remains unchanged. Receipts
of Cattle, Sheep and Hogs are ample for the
demand, and the .tendency of the market is
toward still lower quotations.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The evaporated apple market holds firm on
export grades, but actual business light owing
to limited offerings and higher prices asked by
some holders. Choice and fancy grades in mod
orate Jobbing demand and steady. State com
mon to good. 7@9%c; prime, 9%@10c; choice,
10m?10%c; fancy, 10%@llc.
Prunes show a fairly active jobbing and ex
port demand on large sizes of new fruit, with
the tone steady. Old fruit dull and more or
less nominal. Apricots and peaches continue
steady, with jobbing trade moderate
PRUNES— 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS— Boxes, 10?i@14c; bags, 10%
Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled. 8%@
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. May 22.— FLOUR— Receipts.
19,000 barrels; exports, 10,000 barrels. Mar
ket neglected and generally weak at yesterday's
decline. . ¦ ¦
WHEAT— Receipts, 93,600 bushels; exports,
223,000 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 88c ela
vator; No. 2 red. 89%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. S2%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 86%c f. o. b. afloat. Affected by
favorable weather conditions in the Southwoet
and lower cables, wheat was weak all day,
with the undercurrent bearish in spite of good
export trade. Numerous stop loss orders were
reached increasing the heaviness until the last
few minutes, when covering brought a rally and
closed the market steady at %c net loss. May.
79?4@SO%c, closed SOc; July. 79 ll-16@S0%c.
closed SOc; September. 78VJ@"8 9-16c, closed
7S%c; December, 79%@79%c, closed 79%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice, 5%c.
Mild, dull; Cordova. Sft'll^c. Futures closed
quiet and net unchanged. Total sales, 3500
bags, including: September, 5.30c; December,
5.50c; April, 5.80c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 2%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 3 13-16c. Molasses sugar,
2 11-lOc. Refined, steady.
LONDON, May 22.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales were. all of fine quality. . The lot
consisted of 14, 711" bales. Competition was
keen, f, Scpureds j were in good demand and
brought extreme rates. Merinos sold readily
to the home trade and the Continent. J Nearly
one-third of the offerings were*cross-breds. The
tree supplies of medium and coarse caused an
easier tendency. -, t . ¦ -
London, Wool Sales.
Onn more car of Eastern Poultry was placed
on the market, ¦ making three , thus far this
weelj. ' Receipts -of Calif ornian were moderate
and the demand was fair. Dealers report the
market cleaning up slowly at unchanged prices.
What little Game came in sold readily at the
quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and , 14@15c / f or Hens; Geese, per pair
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4@4 60
for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4<g>5;
young Roosters, $6 50@8; old Roosters. $4 25@
4 50; Fryers, $3 50@4 60; Broilers, -$3@3 50 for
large and $1 50@2 for small; Pigeons, $1 75
@2 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush.
. Poultry and Game.
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
SUvcr and Exchange about as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley quiet and easy. Rye very dull.
Oats dull here, but active up north.
Corn inactive, both here and at Chicago.
Bran and Middlings firm and Hay steady.
Nczv Volunteer Oat Hay appeared in market.
Rather r.wrc steadiness in Beans reported.
Fine Eggs to be graded by weight hereof ier.
Baiter. Eggs and Cheese as before quoted. i
Provisions inactive and unchanged in all positions.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs rather tending downward.
Canned Salmon moving off freely.
New Foiatoes and Onions steadily declining.
Poultry and Game continue steady.
Fresh Fruits meet with a good demand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
. '. :¦¦¦ ; ST. JOSEPH. ¦,"
ST. JOSEPH.' Mo., May 22.—Cattle—Re
ceipts. 600. -.Steady.' Natives, $5 35@7 35;
cows and heifers, . $1 50@6 50; veals, $3 75@
6 50; stockers and - feeders, $2 25@5 35.
•Hogs— Receipts, 7000. Steady, Light and
light mixed, . $6 95@7 20; medium and heavy,
$7 12%@7 35;, pigs, $4@6.
Sheep — Receipts. 2000. Steady, Spring lambs,
$7 50. , . ..••¦•.
CHICAGO, May 22.— Cattle— Receipts, 6500.
Choice steady to strong, others weak to lower.
Good to prime steers, . $7@>7 55 ; poor, to medium,
$5@G 75; j stockers and feeders, $2 75@5 25;
Cows, $1 50@U; heifers, $2 50@6 50; canners,
$1 50®2 50; bulls, .2 50@5 GO; calves, $2 50®
7; Texas fed steers, $5 50@6 85.
Hogs— Receipts: To-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
22,000; left over.. 6000. Steady at Wednesday's
close. Mixed and butchers'. $6 9007 27%;
good to choice heavy, $7 15@7 35; rough heavy,
$0 95@7 15; light, $0 70<8>7; bulk of sales, $6 95
@7 20.
Sheep — Receipts, 9000; 15 to 20c lower.
Lambs, choice, steady. Good to choice wethers,
$5 75@6 25 ; fair to choice mixed, $5@5 7i> :
Western sheep, $5 75@6 25; native lambs, $5@
<; Western lambs, $5 2o@7; Western sheep,
$5 75@6 75; native lambs, $5@7; - Colorado
lambs, $7 25. \ . , - .
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
with prices 1@5 points '•- higher, and § closed
steady, net 6@15 points lower. " ' ;'. \ •
prices are steadily declining. Australians were
offering freely, but few sales were reported.
The vegetable market had an easy tone. : As
paragus and String Beans were in demand, and
as receipts were light, prices were a little
higher, but the 'demand for other descriptions
was limited and prices showed little variation.
POTATOES — New Potatoes $2@2 25 in sacks
and $1 50@2 in boxes; old, $1 25@1 50 for
Burbanks from the river; from Oregon and
Washington, $1 40@l 65; River Reds.* $1 30®
150; Oregon Burbanks. for seed, $1@1 30;
Sweets, jobbing at $2 25.
ONIONS— Australian, $3 50®3 75, second
hands; new mi, 40@50c per sack; Silverskins,
40@50c per box. "
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra • fancy,
$2 25@2 50 per box. $1 75@2 for No. 1 and $1®
1 50 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 50@65c per box; extra
fancy. 75c@$l ; Green Pea3, «0@85c per sack:
Garden Peas, $1@1 25 per sack; String Beans
from Los Angeles. 5@7c per lb; from Vacaville,
7@Sc and 9c for Wax; Cabbage, 75@90c per ctl;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, $2 per crate; Mexican
Tomatoes, per box; Dried Peppers, 10@llc
per lb; Los Angeles do, 13@17Vic; Carrots, $1
per sack; Cucumbers from Marysville, $3@3 50
por box; Hothouse do, 40@*75c per dozen
for small and $1@1 25 for large; Garlic.
2<J?3c: Los Angeles Green Peppers. 12%c; Mexi
can do, 12%@15c; Egg Plant, from Los Ange
los.- 6@10c; Summer Squash, from Los-Angeles
$1 25. from Marysville 75c@$l 25; Marrowfat
Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash $15
@20. ¦¦¦.¦¦¦ ¦
. Mail advices from London state ' that the
market for. salmon has shown some improve
ment, Alaska in particular meeting a good in
quiry and being strong in tone. Praser River
salmon has also met a good demand. The only
arrival this week is the Balasore, at Liverpool,
with 25,915 cases Alaska. In Liverpool the
demand continues good, and the country trade
large.
extra winter strained, barrels. $1; cases, $105;
China Nut, 57%@«8c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil, natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil,-, barrels, 42%c; cases, 4V/ic;
Cocoanut Oil, .barrels, 63 ftc for Ceylon and
5SVic for Australian.
COAL. OIL— Waier White Coal. Oil. In Nilk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 23c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, loo;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk, 14%c; In
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; m
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 60c per gallon in cases and
63c in drums and iron, barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Renting Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry.Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c:
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none:
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 50c more ; • 50-lb bass, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos— Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes.
5c per Ib. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
SALMON — The market is quoted active and
firm, both here and In New York, and stocks
are turning out smaller than expected. New
York reports large sales for export. At the
last report sockeye flats in New York were held
at $1 2714. About 4000 cases of future Colum
bia River salmon are reported sold recently
on a basis of $1 40 for tails, $1 55 for flats,
and 90c for %-pound f. o. b. the coast. The
recent catch of salmon on the' lower Columbia
has been small owing to cold and stormy
weather. The run on the Sacramento continues
light, but is expected to Improve in a few
weeks.
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CAXL, MIDAY, MAY 23, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
WASHINGTON, May 22, — To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $187,358,149; gold,
$95,018,633.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. May 22.— Money . on call,
steady, at 3@4 per cent; closing bid and asked,
2^i&'3: prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, .steady, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at $4 87 for demand and
at $4 84% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85^
@4 8S% and $4 88; commercial bills. $4 83% @
4 &&%. Bar silver, 51%c; Mexican dollar*.
41 Vic. Government bonds, steady; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds, firm.
New York Money Market.
ras believed to be due to the 'fact that Cana
dians are contesting American efforts to secure
control.
Rio Tintos sold at 4G
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
8
Af
Ba
Be
Fr
n
STA
storia
aker .
arson
ureka
resao
lTIONS.
L
L
iff .....
.."0
.29
..SO
.29
.29
B 2 g g g «B
fill I! IM
: ? ? : : ?
1.02 58 50 SW Cloudy .03
t.SG CO 44 S\V Cloudy .19
1.84 C4 34 W Pt Cldy .00
).O4 56 48 N Cloudy .00
1.86 78 4S NW Clear .00
t.T6 5S 24 SW Clear .00
*29
. :".< .
.29
.:;o.
58
.2'-t
.2!1
..>!.
.2'*
.20
.23
.29
.29
.29
.29
40 ...
>.76 €8 38 SE Pt Cldy .00
i.OS C4 42 SW Clear .00
I.7S 82 54 N Clear .00
1.00 5S 50 SW Cloudy .00
>.8S 76 48 S Pt Cldy .00
I.DS 60 50 NW Cloudy .00
).9O 70 46 S Cloudy .00
>.80 CS 42 N Clear .CO
LOO 58 50 W Cloudy .00
I 02 06 46 W Clear .00
(.90 CO 56 W Pt Cldy .00
).9S 62 50 W Cloudy .00
».92 56 50 S Cloudy .29
1.98 58 48 SW Cloudy .02
>.8S 68 50 S Pt Cldy .08
>.84 66 56 NW Cloudy .00
(.78 80 62 SW Clear .00
s
Af
Ba
Be
Fr
n
STA
storia
aker .
arson
ureka
resao
lTIONS.
L
L
iff .....
.."0
.29
..SO
.29
.29
B 2 g g g «B
fill I! IM
: ? ? : : ?
1.02 58 50 SW Cloudy .03
t.SG CO 44 S\V Cloudy .19
1.84 C4 34 W Pt Cldy .00
).O4 56 48 N Cloudy .00
1.86 78 4S NW Clear .00
t.T6 5S 24 SW Clear .00
*29
. :".< .
.29
.:;o.
58
.2'-t
.2!1
..>!.
.2'*
.20
.23
.29
.29
.29
.29
40 ...
>.76 €8 38 SE Pt Cldy .00
i.OS C4 42 SW Clear .00
I.7S 82 54 N Clear .00
1.00 5S 50 SW Cloudy .00
>.8S 76 48 S Pt Cldy .00
I.DS 60 50 NW Cloudy .00
).9O 70 46 S Cloudy .00
>.80 CS 42 N Clear .CO
LOO 58 50 W Cloudy .00
I 02 06 46 W Clear .00
(.90 CO 56 W Pt Cldy .00
).9S 62 50 W Cloudy .00
».92 56 50 S Cloudy .29
1.98 58 48 SW Cloudy .02
>.8S 68 50 S Pt Cldy .08
>.84 66 56 NW Cloudy .00
(.78 80 62 SW Clear .00
s
AUCTION SALES
fe -fe
. AUCTION SALE
OF
150 Head of BROKE HORSES,
Suitable for Milk Wagons, Ex-
press, Bakery and General
All Purposes. Matched Spans
weighing from 050 to 1200.
This lot of horses Is the FINAL of ths GER-
MAN GOVERNMENT horses and MUST BB
SOLD, so as to be able to close the business.
To be sold on THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
May 22 and 23. 1902, at 11 a. m. at salesyarrt.
1732 Market street, corner Van Ness avenue.
W. H. HORD.
Livestock Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
£» fe fe
NEXT TUESDAY,
May 27th, at 11 a. m.,
-I Will Sell
FORTY FINE HORSES,
Weighing from 1000 to 1300. sired by Almonl-
tlon 2:24%, Bay Rose 2:20%. Beau Brummel
2:16% and Alonzo Hay ward 2:30, out of choice
Trotting Mares. They were bred at tho Allsal
and San Marcos ranches, Santa Barbara, and
include many fine drivers, as well as well-'
matched teams. All of these were raised In the
mountains and have the best of constitutions.
Just the kind that will not wear out. Send for
catalogue. *
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
WM. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer. 246 Third St.STEREOPTICON LECTURE ON COLO
RADO. — A free 6tereoptieon lecture will . be
given at the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion auditorium next Tuesday at 8:15 p. m.
BOSTON, May 22.— "Kosher meat" | dis
turbances broke out in the West End to
day. About. 300 > Hebrews— men, women
and children— attacked three meat stores.
The windows were smashed and the stock
ruined. The police 'arrested the;ring
leaders, two women and a man." A cus
tomer who was leaving the store with a
piece, of meat was assaulted and a woman
was Injured during, the stampede of "the
crowd. . •
Meat Riots in Boston.
Mrs. Alice Flood, who was arrested re
cently on a charge of cruelty to her son,
Bruce, and was acquitted,, secured a
search warrant from Judge Cabaniss yes
terday to regain possession of $600 worth
of personal effects which she alleges Mrs
Flora McGuire, her landlady at H4 Sev
enth street, refuses to deliver over to
her. Mrs. McGuire claims that • there
are financial differences between her and
Mrs. Flood.
Mrs. Flood Again in Trouble.
OAKLAND, May, 22.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Joh'n Hi'McDaniels,
27, Tacoma, and Florence Hale. 26, Aia
meda: George Herbert Blake. 23, Alame
da, and Lillian B. Page. 22. Oakland; El
mer Hornberger, 39, and Mamie Murphy,"
35, both of Berkeley. - ¦ ¦
Licensed to Marry.
At 1 o'clock conveyances took the. Su
pervisors' to the Flood residence and the
Catholic Seminary at M«nlo Park; to Palo
Alto ' and" to the 'Stanford -, University,
where the library, museum and memorial
chapel were Inspected. At *he chapel the
organist rendered a number of selections
upon the great organ. An hour or more
was spent at the university, after which
they were driven to the stock farm, where
the horses were inspected, and then back
to Redwood City, reaching here • in : time
for supper.. To-night' the i delegates were
tendered a. banquet at the Capitol Hotel,
where all made merry until quite late.
To-morrow -morning the", convention will
conclude Its labors. In ; the afternoon
there will be a drive to the Spring -Valley
Lake, 1 , above San Mateo, : and other, points
of interest.
REDWOOD CITY, May 22.— ButMittJe
business was transacted on this, the sec
ond day of the Supervisors' convention.
The morning session was taken up almost
entirely by an 'address delivered by J..A.-
Filcher, secretary of the 'State Board of
Trade, and the afternoon was ''devoted to
sightseeing. Filcher's ! address was one
which appealed very strongly to his audi
ence, .He dwelt upon the resources of the
State, the fertility and productiveness of
its soil,- its diversified Industries, climatic
conditions "and various other qualities. ¦ .
wood City Visit Palo
¦ Alto.
Delegates to the Convention at R3d-
SUPERVISORS •; INSPECT
STANFORD ATTRACTIONS
ELKO, Nev., \May 22.— Word .reached
Klko to-day of the commission of a fiend
ish crime near Toano, seventy-five miles
east of here, Tuesday: A seventeen-year
old girl whose parents conduct a boarding
house at Icarus, a railroad graders' camp
five miles west of Toano, was attacked by
an unknown man. She was dragged from
her horse and . her. clothing was torn from
herbody. Her assailant stole her horse.
He has not been captured, but posses are
searching for him. .
Ruffian Attacks a Young Girl.
The threatened fine restored peace
though Bailiff Lempke kept an eagle eye
on tne belligerents during the rest of the
hearing.
* ?; ft A B 2 yne ls the defendant in a suit
for $400 brought by Edward Ackley, as
signee of a claim against the widow for
medical services rendered by Dr P A
Kearney. Denis Kearney ls a witness for
the plaintiff, and objected strenuously
when Attorney Nagle sought to Introduce
in evidence the fact that Mrs. .Boyne ls
suing him to set aside alleged forged
promissory notes. He glowered at Nagle
and said:
"I'll meet you outside, and I'll—"
"You can meet me any old place " re
torted Nagle.
Mrs. Boyne chipped in at this juncture
and cast aspersions on Kearny's brav
ery, and for a minute or two pandemon
ium reigned.
"I have a son, your Honor, who is a
fighter. He went to Manila, and never
left the firing line. Denis Kearney never
f^ ught u any »!?« but in the sand lots, and
there he used his mouth."
So said Mrs. Elizabeth Boyne in Judge
Graham's Court yesterday after Denis
Kearney had threatened to annihilate At
torney James F. Nagle. The court in
formed Mrs. Boyne that any further re-
m *. rks ,./ r £ nl her would be superfluous
?w tO hf h K T,l y and , NagIe that unless
}ho£, •Sl lave 2 } hemse lves he would give,
them $20 each for contempt of court. Afi
apology followed and peace reigned again
in the courtroom. »s«"u
W. D. Dressier, a Sufferer of Many
Years, Undergoes a Dangerous
Operation.
W. D.*Dressler, one o^ the best known
of local journalists, underwent a serious
surgical operation at the Lane Hospital j
yesterday afternoon and at an early hour
this morning his recovery was despaired
of. ¦¦'-.'•. ¦ s - ¦",''• . . ' -,- -
-Mr. Dressier has been a sufferer for
many years, but despite his ailments has
been an active worker in the newspaper
field. »; ¦¦:.;-. ¦¦ .
WELL-KNOWN JOURNALIST
LIES AT DEATH'S DOOR
NAP A, May 22.— The Rev. D. O. Crow
ley, head of th.e Youths' Directory' in San
Francisco, who recently purchased the
Rutherford ranch in the valley for a
school of agriculture, was here Wednes
day, the guest of Father Slattery.
Father Crowley spends most of his
time on the ranch, directing the work of
getting the property in shape. for the re
ception of his wards. He has a number
of the older boys with him, and when the
harvest begins more will be taken up
from the Directory in San Francisco. He
is most enthusiastic over the success of
the project thus far, and is untiring in
his efforts to hurry the work along. His
idea is to teach the boys not only the
scientific but the practical side of farm
ing as well. He wants them to know not
only what kinds of soils are best adapted
to the growth of various crops, but also
how to plant, cultivate, harvest and mar
ket the crops.
chased Napa Ranch:
rects Affairs on Recently Pur-
Youths' Directory Superintendent Di-
FATHER CROWLEY VISITS
SITE OF HIS NEW SCHOOL
The marriage of Mias Sui Ying and
Leung Lung was performed witb elab
orate ceremony last night at the Chinese
Congregational Mission, a Brenham
place, shortly after 8 o'clock. A large
number of guests were present and the
interior of the mission was handsomely
decorated. The bride is the daughter of
a well known Stockton-street tailor and
the groom a wealthy tea merchant of
Boston. This morning the happy couple
will depart for the groom's home, where
they will reside in future. Miss Yinir was
educated- In the mission and Is accom
plished in many of the American way3.
Rev Gee Gam performed the ceremony.
Dr Carl M. Lee and Hong Shon acted as
best men and Miss Jle Shin Mae and Miss
Menzie Lowe as maids of honor. After
the ceremony refreshments were served
to the invited guest*. . . . '; v
Boston Chinese Marries.
Justice of the Peace Dunn gave-judg
ment vesterday in favor of- W. C. Patter
son who sued Annette Marshall, former
leading ladv at the Central Theater, for
Silo T Patterson testified that on Miss
Marshall's order, he wrote a «ketch en
titled "An Actress from Way Back," for
which he never received his pay.
• With the closing of instruction at noon
to-day ' many of Stanford's students de
parted for their homes, but most of -the
seniors will remain to take their degrees
next Wednesday., - ".;
The plot centered around . the • political
fight for the presidency of the student
body, and the farce was replete with lo
cal color and catchy songs. Waldemar
Young, '04, as Colonel Robert S. Gibbs,
"the rank outsider,',' was the star of the
production, keeping the .audience in a
continual merriment. J. K. Bonnell, '02,
and Leo Byrne, '05, vied with Young for
the honors. The character of Kitty Green
was played by Mrs. W. H. Irwin Instead
of by Miss Sue F. Bird, "03. Miss Bird
became ill two days ago and was unable
to appear in the farce to-night. • .
The parts • of Kathryne Lavelle, thy se
nior "queen," and Belle Tiltyer were well
carried by Miss Sue Porter, '05, and Miss
Mary K. Gilman, '03.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 22.-
The commencement week of the class of
1902 was ushered in to-night \ by the pres
entation of the senior farce, "The Rank
Outsider." The play was written by R.
J. Sterrett, '02, and is a burlesque on col
lege life. The farce was well staged and
proved a dramatic success despite the
short time allowed the cast in which [ to
prepare it. Mrs. W. H. Irwin, '98, as
stage manager, and Miss May Hurlburt,
'02, as musical director, were responsible
to a large degree for. the success of the
performance. ' , •
a Stage Production at
University.
SENIORS AT STANFORD ;
MAKE MERRY IN FARCE
Commencement Week Begins With
Fourth, Ellis, Hyde, O'Farrell, Devisadero, !
Oak and Stanyan streets to the corner' of
Halght and Stanyan, returning via Stanyan, |
Page. Devi&adero, Ellis, Fourth and. Townsend
streets to Southern Pacific depot. ¦ Cars will
leave as follows: From the corner of Stanyan
and Haight streets at 1, 1 :30, 2, 2 :S0, 3, 3 :30.
4 arid 4:30 a."~m. From "Third' and Townsend
streets (Southern Pacific depot), 1:30, 2. 2:3,0, '
.3, 3:30. 4. 4:30 and 6 a. m.
Richmond district — Commencing - Monday,
May 2<5, 1902, the first car on the McAllister
street line will leave Eleventh . avenue and
Fulton street at 5:35 a. m. and the last car!
at 12:20 midnight. Alternate cars from the
ferry will turn at the "carhouse up to 9:25 a. 1
m.. at which time all cars will run through
to Eleventh avenue. .
The appointment of Mr. Chapman as
Vining's successor is met with general
approval. In actions and manners Mr.
Chapman is the reverse of the lately de- j
posed general manager. He is affable, 1
courteous and brlmfull of -good humor.
He has the reputation, besides being a
clever railroad man, of being fair with :
his employes. |
The United Railroads management is
very anxious to be on friendly terms with
the traveling public. Its action in re
establishing the band concerts was a pop-
ular move. At the present. time every
band concert at Golden Gate Park costs
$165. Of- this amount the streetcar com
pany donates $150. ".
ALUMNI WILL ENTERTAIN.— The first an
nual entertainment and dance of the Alumni
Association of the Lincoln evening school will
take place on Saturday evening. May 24, at
Golden Gate Hall, t;25 Sutter street. The as
sociation was organized in August of last year.
The following Interesting programme has been
arranged for the occaston: Overture, selected,
Hyne's orchestra; tenor solo, "A Rose in
Heaven," Mr. J. Harris: barytone solo, Oscar
M. Frank: piano solo, Miss Evelyn- Jeanson;
soprano solo, Mrs. M, Warshauer. "A Modern
Proposal," dialogue iii one act; cast: Eleanor
Van Dyke, Miss L. Herzog; Nelson Robertson,
Robert Lawier; time, the present.
PRISONERS -IN COURT. — James Flannery
pleaded guilty yesterday to burglary in the
second degree. He will be sentenced to-mor
row. He broke into the Electric Laundry on
March 17 and stole a quantity of clothes. The
.case of W. A. Adams, charged with grand lar
ceny, was dismissed by Judge Dunne • on mo
tion of the District Attorney on the ground
of Insufficient evidence to convict.
U S. GRANT COUNCIL TO GIVE DANCE.
— U. S. Grant Council of the Junior Order of
United American Mechanics and Martha Wash
ington Council of the Daughters of Liberty
will give an entertainment and dance at Odd
Fellows' Hall Saturday evening. May 21. ifayoi-
Schmitz will deliver the address of the even
ing. . '':s-.:/-;, ----- .
ITALIAN DRUIDS WILL PICNIC— Four of
the Italian groves of the United Ancient Order
of Druids located tn San Francisco. Volta. Au
rora Alpini and Monteverde groves, will have
a picnic in Glenwood Park in the Santa Cruz
mountains on Sunday next. '
UNIDENTIFIED DROWNED MAN.— The
body of an unknown man was found floating
in the Golden Gate half a mile from shore
yesterday. The remains had been in the wa
ter about two months and were too much de
composed for identification.
NAGEt. BREAKS HIS LEG.— A. B. Xagel.
of the telephone company, slipped from a lad
der and broke his leg yesterday while makin;
alterations in the connecting Hnes in the rvVel.s-
Fargo building.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
SAN JOSE, May 22.— Negotiations are
pending for the purchase of the First
street Railway Company and the San
Jose and Santa Clara Street Railway by
a syndicate of Eastern capitalists, sup
posedly in connection with the syndicate
that recently acquired, the San Francisco
roads. While great secrecy Is main tamed
it is believed the object is tb merge toth
roads in the manner of the deal just
closed for the lighting companies.
Manager Center of the Ean Jose and
Santa Clara Railway admits there have
been . offers made for his system, which
includes the electric road to Alum Rock
Park, contingent upon the purchase of
the First-street line. Others interested
declare the sale of the two- systems la
only a matter of a few weeks. The First
street line is owned by the German Sav
ings Bank of San Francisco. It is said
the bank wants $480,000 for its property,
and the purchasers believe the price. $80.
000 too high. The bank acquired this
road for less than $150,000 a few years
ago from Jacob Rich. Two years ago the
property was offered for $250,000, and
since then some $50,000 was expended in
improving it. The San Jose and Santa
Clara road is the natural connecting link
for an around the bay line from San
Francisco to Oakland. ! In both roads
there are about twenty-five miles of line.
Probably Be Sold to Eastern
Capitalists.
Railways of the /Garden City Will
SYNDICATE HAS. EYES
ON SAN JOSE ROADS
Trench Officials Are Considering
Abandonment of Martinique. \
PARIS, -May. 22.— The Minister of 'the
Colonies, M. iJecrais, has cabled to Gov
ernor l'Huerre at Fort de France, Mar
tinique, as follows: * -
"Make known, if the situation seems to
you to necessitate partial or total evacua
tion of the island, the means at. your dis
posal or those you may neefl." .
A dispatch from Fort de France, Mar
tinique, published this morning in Le
Journal, says the sole idea" of the inhab
itants Is flight,- that many of them have
become insane and. that some of the neo
ple .threw themselves into the sea. The
population of the Grand Rivjere district
is isolated and assistance cannot reach
them. In conclusion Le Journal's : cor
respondent says there are vague rumors
at Fort de France of further, disasters.
According to the latest advices received
here quiet is restored at Fort de Franca
and there has been no general exodus
of the people, though 1000 persons have
gone to the island of Guadeloupe and the
island of St. Lucia and 3000 more have re
moved to the towns and> villages in the
extreme couthern part .of the island-.
Those who remain at Fort de France are
not now apprehensive of danger.
MAY EVACUATE THE ISLAND
Travelers in Wilds of Alaska Have a
Terrible Experience and )
One Dies.
TACOMA. May "22.— News of another
tragedy on the bleak overland route from
Nome to Ilamnia was received to-day by
the steamer Humboldt, from Juneau. A
brief outline of the story was obtained
there by Purser Ballantlne of the Hum
boldt from officers of the steamship Ex
celsior, which had just reached Junwiu
from Ilamnia and Valdes. The Excel
sior is due on the Sound to-night, and is
believed to have on board the surviving
members of the party.
Four men traveling from Nome to
Ilamnia were caught late in March in a
terrific blizzard and lost their way. It
was several days before they got back
on the right trail. In the meantime they
had run out of provisions and were un
able to replenisll their stock from any
source. One of the men finally broke
down and was unable to go further. His
companions killed one of their dogs, but
this one member could not eat dog meat
and died of starvation. His companions
killed the rest of their faithful animals
and ate them one by one.. This prolonged
their lives until they had nearly reached
Ilamnia Lake, where they met another
party and were given food. Pureer Eal
lantine was unable to secure the names
of the members of the party.
STRUGGLE IN STORM
TO ESCAPE STARVATION
AN all-night car service is to be in
augurated in San Francisco. The
directors of the United Railroads
so decided yesterday. The new
schedule goes into effect on the
1st of next month. At the same meeting
George F. Chapman was appointed as the
successor of E. P. Vining as general man
ager of the company. .
Under the" *'owl" service electric cars
on the Kearnyi and ' Mission streets line
and the Ellis and O'Farrell will run every
half hour after 1 o'clock a, m. With
these lines operating residents of the Mis
sion, the Western Addition and of the
vicinity of Golden Gate Park will secure
a splendid car service.
The following statement was handed
out by the treasurer of the company un
'der orders -from President Holland at the
close of the. directors' meeting yesterday
afternoon: . ...
The United Railroads of San Francisco has
appointed George F. Chapman as general man
ager, the appointment to take effect at once.
Mr. Chapman has been brought up in the stre :t
railway* business and has come to the United
Railroads from the North Jersey Street Rail
way Company, operating -the territory in the
cities of Newark, Elizabeth. Jersey City and
the Intervening sections, with about the same
mileage as the . system here. lie has been
with them for twelve years and was the gen
eral suprintendent of the system there. He Is
39 years of age and entered the railway bus-l
ness in Cambridge, Mass., in 1883. .
NIGHT SERVICE.
Commencing Sunday, June 1, 1902, night cars
will be operated on the following lines as
stated below:
Kearny and Mission streets line — From the
corner of Kearny and Washington streets, via
Kearny. Third and Mission streets to the cor
ner of Mission and Twenty-ninth streets, cars
will leave as follows : From Mission and
Twenty-ninth streets at 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30, 3. 3:30.
4 and 4 :30 a. m. . From Washington and
Kearny streets cars will leave at 1:30, 2, 2:;>0,
3. 3:30, 4, 4:30 and 5 a. m.
Ellis and O'Farrell streets line — Car» will
I leave the corner of Third and Townsend streels
(Southern Pacific depot), via Townsend,
PITTSBURG. May 22.— Phillippl shut New
York out to-day with two scratch hits. Van
A*altren in stealing second in the sixth, broke
his leg at the ankle. Ho can hardly play again
this season. Attendance, 2900. Score:
XV. XX. -fc*.
Flttenurg « x \ ' \
New York 0 2 2
Batteries— Phillippi and O'Connor; Evans
and Bower-man. Umpire — Ensslie.
CHICAGO May 22. — Chicago pulled the game
out o* the lire by a single, a two-ba^gtr and
an error. Both pitchers were hit freely. At
tendance. 1200. Score:
XV. Xl. ill.
Chicago : « 13 1
Philadelphia 5 10 3
Batteries — Rhodes and Kline; Magee and
Dcoin. Umpire — O'Day.
ST. LOUIS. May 22. — Boston won to-day's
game from St. Louis in hollow fashion. Willis
was faultlessly supported. Attendance, 1600.
Score: ¦-..-•¦.
R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 11 ¦*
Bof ton 1 10 0
Batteries — Yerkes. Ryan and Nichols; Willis
and Kittredge. Umpiies — Power and Brown.
CINCINNATI, May 22. — Cincinnati lost to
day's game through errors. Both pitchers were
hit freely in almost every inning. Attendance,
600. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 12 6
Biooklyn 9 12 2
Batteries — Phillips and Peitz; Donovan and
Farrell. Umpire — Cantillion.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. May 22.— it. Louis hit Lee
hard throughout to-day's game and won eas
ily. Attendance. 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 1 Q 2
St. Louis 9 16 0
Batteries — Lee and Drill; Riedy and Sugden.
BALTIMORE. May 22. — Howell had slightly
the better of a pitchers' battle against Miller
here this afternoon, enaMIn; the Baltimore
American League team to defeat Detroit. At
tendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 3 q \
Detroit ...• 1 7 2
Batteries — Howell and Bresnahan; Miller and
McGuire.
< PH i L^ D , E H I l IA * May 22.— Cleveland de
feated Philadelphia this afternoon In a gam
marked by heavy hitting and many errors'
WIltM was practically responsible for the loss
of. hie own game. Attendance, 2300. Score
_ , „ R. H. E.
Cleveland 11 1A ,
Philadelphia '.'.'.'.'.'.'..'. 9 14 \
St^1ma^ e8 ~ M ° Ore aDd BemIs; WUtee and
BOSTON, May 22.-Home runs entered large
ly into to-day's game, that of Merles' in the
J ent 1 W l nnlnsr the Kamc - Bost °n rallied in the
la«t half of the tenth but could BC ore only t£o
runs. Attendance. 450o. Score:
Boston R i H o E ;
Chicago ::;:;;;;;;;; < £ 2
Mc&ltenZr™™ 11 and Cri ** r - Patterson and
I REFLECTS ON THE BRAVERY
r OF ORATOR DENIS KEARNEY
Mrs. Elizabeth Boyne Says He Never
Fought but in Sand
Lots.
Veteran Californian Baseball Player
Injured While Stealing Second
Base at Pittsburg.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROKEN LEG WUJL RETIRE
VAN HAI/TREN FROM FIELD
Wins the Rich Stakes Named in
Honor of His QVner's Father.
Advance Guard in Front.
NEW YORK, May 22.— August Belmont's
Masterman, making his first appearance of
the year, easily .won the thirty-sixth renewal
qf the Belmont stakes to-day at Morris Park.
Five of the best three-year-olds In training
faced the starter for the event, which was at
one mile and three furlongs over the - hill.
The race developed some spirited betting. Kins
Hanover. Commite and Masterman all being
well played. King Hanover closing favorite at
2 to 1, with Compute second choice- and Master
man third in demand, while th« others went
begging. Summary: _
First race, for three-year-olds and upwards,
selling. Withers mile— Satire ¦ wen. Bounteous
second, Vesuvlan third. Time, 1:42%.
Second race, maiden two-year-olds, selling,
five furlongs — Petit Bleu won, Wheeler B sec
ond. Mount Hope third. Time, 1:02%.
Third race, the Eclipse stakes for two-year
olds, five and a half furlongs — Mizzen won.
Dalesman second, ' Mexican third. Time, 1:06.
Fourth race, the Btlmont stakes, for threa
year-olds. mile and three-eighths, over the hill
— Masterman won, Renald second, King Han
over third. • Time, 2:22%.
Fifth race, the Jockey Chub weight for age
race, for three-year-olds and up, mile and one
furlong. Withers course — Advance Guard won,
Dixleline second. Time, 1:55%. Heno fin
ished second but was disqualified for fouling.
• Sixth race, for three-year-olds, selling, six
and a half furlongs — Mercer won. Jack Mc-
Glnnis second, Essene third. Time. 1:21%.
Seventh race, seven furlongs — Highlander
won Kamara second, Roeslijnol third. Time,
1:27%.
ST. LOUIS, May 22. — Fair Grounds sum
mary : \
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling,
t^ro-yoar-olds — Geheimntss won, Cochran sec
ond. Gold Ornament third. Time, :i"»5Vi.
Fecond race, six furlongs, selling — Chanlerelle
won, Sister Sarah second. Blue Mint third.
Time, 1:14 Vs-
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Nearest
won, Boundlee second. Censor third. Time,
1:28.- .
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Bucclueth
won, Frank Bell second, Kindred third. Time,
1:14.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards,
purse — Maximus ' won, .Lady Strathmore sec
ond. Helen Print third. Time, 1:40%. .
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, selling — All
Saints won, Leffler second, Odnor third. Time,
l:54V4-
CHICAGO, May 22. — Worth summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs — Prue
won, I. Samuelson second, Legal Maxim third.
Time, 1:31.
Second race, five furlongs — Foxy Kane won.
Lady Matchless second. Mirance third. Time,
1:07 1-5.
Third race, mile and a half — Farmer Bennett
won, Walkenshaw second, Guy H third. Time,
2:07 3-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Kenllworth won.
Inspector Shea second, Boney Boy third. Time,
Fifth ' race, five furiongs. selling — Thurles
won, Alpen second. Lady Idris third. Time.
1:08 2-5.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— Henry
of Franstamar won. Ben Frost second, Dodie
S third. Time. 1:29 3-5.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 22.— Churchill
Downs summary: "V-V-"
First race, selling, four and a half furlongs
Grand Mary won. Senator Morrison second.
Gallant Smith third. Time, :57.
Second race, six furlongs — Death won, J. V.
Kirby second. Our Jessie third. Time. 1:15%.
Third race, selling, mile and seventy yards-
Ben Battle won. Baffled second. Lady Bramble
third. Time, 1:48%. - 1
Fourth race, the Juvenile stake, selling,
sweepstakes, for two-year-olds, value $1495.
five furlongs — Right and True won. Kings
Lady second, Prince of Endurance third. Time,
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs — Scortlc
won. Optimo second. Jean Oaker third. Time,
1: sfxth race, selling, seven furlongs-Audi
phone won. Sky Flyer second, Llxzie A third.
Time. 1:30%.
Actress Must Pay for Sketch.
BELMONT'S MASTERMAH
BEATS. SOME FAST HORSES
LOS ANGELES. May 22.— Judge Smith
to-day reversed the verdict of the Police
Court in the case of J. : E. and Maud
Chesebro, convicted by Judge Austin of
the crime "of practicing the business and
art of mediunrahip, clairvoyance and life
reading, receiving fees for the exercise
and exhibition of their art without having
first obtained a license from said city
so to do." ' They had been fined $30.
"There is 'no question,," said his Honor,
"that the city has v the right to license
all trades, businesses and professions
practiced within its precincts. This is a
general right guaranteed the municipal
ity by the law of the land, but there is
one exception to the callings that shall
be licensed. This exception is found in
the constitution of the State of California
which declares that any and all religions
may be practiced without hindrance or
discrimination. Of course this provision
is not to.be construed so as to interfere
in any manner with the policy of the
State, Until . more light Is thrown upon
the subject neither the court nor the jury
has a right to declare that spiritualism is
not a religious belief. In the event it
is shown to be such no license can be
imposed upon its advocates or devotees."
The judgment of the lower court is re
versed and a new trial ordered.
Not a Eeligion Is the
'.. Question.
Los Angeles Judge Says Religion or
DECIDES IN FAVOR
OF THE SPIBITXJALISTS
The.Knox residence, four miles from
Elk City, was destroyed. Knox, with his
son, were carried about 100" yards but es
caped uninjured. The storm developed in
the western part of Roger Mills County,
and, traveling in a northeasterly direction,
destroyed everything in its path, and
deviated from 100 yards to half a mile in
width. The funnel-shaped clouds were
seen to form and were in plain view for
many miles. The clouds finally separated,
one going northwest and the other north,
leaving Elk City • untouched. The in
jured were hurt by flying debris. The
tcrnado was followed by a heavy storm
that did much damage.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., May 22.— A
tornado struck six miles southeast of Elk
City this morning, wrecking a number of
houses. Several persons are reported
fatally injured, among them a Mrs.
Combs. The tornado passed over Elk
City in a northeasterly direction, passing
near Chanute, a small town oft the rail
way in Washlta County.
Elk City is a small town in Roger Mills
County. '
WALLA WALLA, Wash., May 22.— Miss
Josephine Babcock, a student at Whitman
College and daughter of W. H. Babcock
of Eureka Flat; the ranch king of South
ern Washington, died here last night in
terrible agony, the result of having her
spine dislocated while playing basket ball
with .the college girls.
Miss Babcock was .18 years old and. a
great lover of athletics. In a hard prac
tice game preparatory to meeting a rival
college another girl student struck her on
the spine with both knees.
For sixty days Miss Babcock had lain
in horrible torture, only constant admin
istrations of opiates affording her some
relief. .The best physicians could do
nothing.. She was very popular in society.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph from
Pretoria says that the Boers are seeking
permission to retain their horses.
Cabling from Pretoria under date of
Wednesday, May 21, the correspondent of
the Times says the Boer meeting there is
necessarily final and.it is believed that
the Boer delegates after obtaining- infor
mation on certain points will return to
Vereenlging.
Tlie Daily Mall this morning says that,
owing to the protracted haggling of the
Boer leaders at Pretoria. Great Britain
has presented to them what is practically
an ultimatum, their reply to which is
awaited and which it is expected they will
accept. __
Dispatches received here from Pretoria,
continues the Daily Mail, say that dur
ing the stay of the Boer delegates there
the conference will continue at Vereentg
lng and that a majority of those present
at the conference are trying to persuade
the recalcitrant minority into a unani
mous vote. In the meantime the British
columns have been resting and refitting
and are now all ready for Immediate ac
tion. The Daily Mail says it believes the
delegates at Pretoria will dispatch the
ultimatum to the conference at Vereenig
ing for its consideration.
OGDEN, Utah. May 22.— The British
camp of horse buyers has finished its
work here. The vaqueros were discharg
ed and Hereford & Lowther, the buyers,
returned to Billings. Mont. The camp
has been established here four months
and about 2500 horses have been bought.
The fact that the Cabinet was sum
moned so quickly after the arrival of tha
delegate at Pretoria Is regarded as a
good augury, as the discussions at Pre
toria could only have commenced Mon
day. The Cabinet will meet late this
afternoon in order to enable the Min
isters who are at a distance to reach Lon
don in time for the meeting.
• At a late hour last night, however, the
Government departments declined to give
any information on the matter. It is un
derstood that important dispatches were
received yesterday from Lord Mllner, the
British High Commissioner in South
Africa, and from Lord Kitchener, but
nothing 1 ' can be ascertained as to the na
ture of the contents of these dispatches.
LONDON, May 23.— The Daily Chronicle
this morning claims that peace in South
Africa is practically assured. This is also
the general Impression with the other
newspapers and the public, although the
former do not go so far as the assertion
published by the Chronicle.
PORTLAND, Or., May 22.— The princi
pal feature of the strike of the building
trades to-day was the more strict en
forcement of the order to stay out. Pick
ets scour the town looking for workers in'
every line allied to building trades, warn
ing the few scattered workers Xo quit
work. The streets In the vicinity of the
headquarters of the various unions are
thronged by orderly crowds. '
It was estimated by a member of the
Federated Trades Council to-day that
8000 men in Portland will be included in
the contest against the planing mills with
in another forty-eight hours. There is
vet no sign of concession on the part oi
the mills. The mill-owners are ready, to
shut up their mills for the remainder of
the year. The lockout threatens to spread
to the State, and the strength of the State
Federation of Labor will be thrown into
A temporary injunction to prevent in
terference with business was issued late
this afternoon by Judge Sears in. the Cir
cuit Court against the various labor
unions and organizations involved in the
strike. The plaintiffs were the six plan
ing mills, among whose employes the
strike began. Harry Gurr, president of the
Federated Trades, to-day made the fol
lowing statement: • •
"Life or death for organized labor is in
volved in this strike and organized labor
is expected to stand solidly, unitedly tor
its principles. A great principle is at
stake We have every assurance from the
unions that they will stick by what they
are doing. At the meeting of the Feder
ated Trades to-morrow night a report 'on
the progress of the strike will be made
and "further action outlined.
"If further strikes are determined upon
they will probably go into effect Satur
day. The strike will be extended over the
State. If it Is necessary the trainmen and
6teamboat men will be called out, and no
lumbering material' will be transported
Every union throughout the State will
stand by the action taken. We are ready
and willing at any time to meet the mill
owners and settle the matter. The test
of union strength comes at a critical time,
perhaps, but it is necessary."
Everything in the Path of the
Traveling Storm Is De-
Great Britain Is Said to
Have Presented an
Ultimatum.
Spine of the ¦ Student Dislo
cated in a Hard Prac- .
tice Game.
¦ . — ¦ j
FederalJudga Issues Injunc
tion to Prevent
Interference.
Several People Are Badly
Injured by Flying
Debris.
Young Woman of a Col
lege in Washington
Dies in Agony.
Portland Strike May
Spread Throughout
the State.
London PapersConfident
South African War
Is Over.
TORNADO WRECKS
MANY DWELLINGS
BASKET BULL
COSTS A LIFE
BRITISH FEEL
SURE OF PEACE
MILL OWNERS
DEFY UNIONS
Directors of the United 'Railroads So Decide.
George F; Chapman Is Appointed as
General Manager Under the New Regime
"OWL" CARS WILL BE RUN EVERY
HALF HOUR FROM FIRST OF JUNE
DIPLOMAS GIVEN
TWO GRADUATES
California College Holds
Its Commencement
Exercises.
Closing Address to Students
Is Delivered by the Rev.
E. R. Dille.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 22.
California College at Highland Park
conferred its highest honors to-day upon
two students who had completed the
classical course. They are Miss Stella
Eshleman of this city and J. Charles
Csrth of Petaluma. Tuesday night the
closing exercises of the other departments
of the college were held. The graduates
were Miss Winifred M. Roe, Miss Ruth
A. Silver, Miss A. Louisa Worthington.
Miss Jennie J. Whitmore, English course;
Mies D. Grace Sunderland, scientific
course; William Durham, musical course.
To-day's annual commencement exer
cites were the seventeenth in the history
of Calif ornia. College. They took place in
the Mary Stuart Hall, in the main build
ing of the institution, and were well at
tended. The Rev. E. R. Dille delivered
the address of the day. It dealt with
cr.aracter-building and of its vast impor
tance, particularly to the young, who
were leaving their alma mater and going
forth to learn more in that greatest
school, the world. President T. G. Bron
«5tm of California College presented the
graduates with their* diplomas.
Miss Stella Eshleman read a paper on
"The Personal Element in the College
Student's Progress." J. Charles Garth's
paper was on "The Mission of the
Strong." Vocal solos were rendered by
Mrs. M. K. Henderson, who was also
heard in a duet with E. C. Boynton. Wil
liam Curruth presided at the piano.
From 1 to 3 o'clock in the afternoon the
yearly college dinner was held in the
Study Hall.
The" Rev. S. F. Langford of Rochester,
N. Y., the newly elected president of the
Aiumni Association, presided as toast
rr.aster. Toasts were responded to by
members of the association and faculty.
GRADTJATIOH" EXERCISES
AT THE ACADEMY BOOTH
School Children Render Their Com-
mencement Programme Before
Large Crowd at Irish Fair.
The closing exercises of St. Peter's
Academy were held last night at the Irish
Fair under the auspices of the Academy
booth, which is one of the most popular
at the great festival. Miss Agnes Fitzger
ald was the only graduate, but a very in
teresting and entertaining programme o£
vocal and instrumental music and reci
tations was rendered by the pupils of the
school. The Academy booth is the only
one that does not represent a county of
Ireland. Its object is to raise money to
secure better accommodations for the sis
ters of St. Peter's School. The ladies who
have charge of this booth have worked
very diligently for its success. The booth
is situated in the gallery and is very beau,
tifully decorated. Visitors to the fair
should not fail to pay it a visit.
Although the crowd at the fair did not
near approach in number the vast throng
that attended on the previous evening,
the Pavilion was well filled. After the
completion of Academy booth's pro
gramme the visitors spent their time in
inspecting the other booths and viewing
the performance in the Irish dance hall or
beautiful pictures in the art gallery or in
listening to the musical selections ren
dered bv the Iroquois Band.
Charles B. Tidball, the superintendent,
entertained his theatrical, friends yester
day. His smile was broader than ever.
The Young Men's Institute and the
Young Ladies' Institute will hold the
boards at the Pavilion to-night. This
will be the last night that free passes
will be honored at the fair. To-morrow
night every one wishing to attend the fair
will have to pay the small price of 10 or
£5 cents.
This will also be Sligo night. This
county will hold its evening at home.
Mrs. J. O'Connor is president and the as
sistants are Mrs. Conaty. Mrs. May,
Miss Tessie Needham, Miss Cassle
O'Brien, Miss Lena O'Brien. J. May, Mrs.
Tosney, Miss H. Tosney, Miss E. Bolger,
J. Lyden. the Misses Irene and lone Glen
nan. P. Gordon, Mrs. Costello. Mrs. J.
Markey, Miss Quigley, Mrs. B. Egan, Miss
M. Moran, Miss M. Curran and Miss Te
haney, T. Marlowe and Miss T. O'Connor.
Kildare booth will entertain its many
friends this evening. All natives of Kil
dare are invited to attend. The Sunflower
Stock Company has kindly offered some
of its best talent, which will Consist of
Miss Lottie Armstrong, soprano solo; Mrs.
Jennie Robertscn, Irish character; Mabel
Phiefer and Edith Norton, fancy dancing.
Many other well-known artists will ap
pear to make the evening a grand success.
Donegal will assist Sligo and Kildare in
receiving.
There will be another concert to-night
by the Irooucis Band.
EAELY MORNTNG FIRE
DOES $500O DAMAGE
union Square Building Ignited i by
the Combustion of Photo
graphic Supplies.
Fire broke out at 1:30 o'clock this mV>rn
ing in the Union Square building. 143
Stocktcn street, and before it was sub
dued damage to the amount of $5000 was
done. The principal sufferers are the
Louis H. Bien Company, dealers in op
tical goods and photographic supplies, and
Brcck & Rosenberg, tailors, who occupied
the ground floor of the building.
Upstairs were doctors' offices for the
nicst part, and these suffered some dam
age from smoke and water.
It is thought that the fire started from
spontaneous combustion among the
photographic chemicals in the building.
The flames had gained considerable
headway before the arrival of the fire de
partment, but yielded readily to the nu
merous streams of water turned on.
Foresters' Outing.
Court Sutro Heights Social Club, a
branch of the order of Foresters of Amer
ica, will give its seventh annual picnic
and outing next Sunday, May 25. at Sun
set Park, Santa Cruz Mountains. Many
gate and game prizes have been arranged
for and the outing promises to be very
pleasurable. The following committee will
have charge of the outing: H. M. Locke,
A. J. Btyche. J. W. Gleadell, Dr. L. H.
Grunig, W. J. Boradori. B. M. Clancy,
M. Gans. G. H. Allen, G. J. Redmond, L.
Tavares. J. Harowitz, Ed. Miller, J. C.
Murphy, J. Yager, C. E. Morey, C. J.
Jacobson. Charles J. Brockhoff, M. J.
Boradori, J. A. McCarthy, R. Klumpp and
W. B. Faulkner.
Miss Hirsclr Gets Damages.
Beatrice Hirsch, who. while In the em
ploy of the Conklln Laundry Company,
io5t three fingers of her right hand, ob
tained a verdict for $2250 damages from a
;ury in Judge Kerrigan's court yesterday.
The accident was due to the failure of a
brake en the mangle on which Bhe was
r.orkir.g. She sued for 810.200 damages.
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1902.
NEW GENERAL. MANAGER OF
THE UNITED RAILROADS OF
SAN FRANCISCO.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
with fresh milk is
a complete food.
Qur book, *' Mellin's, Food Babies,"
sent free.
MelHn's Food Cq.V Boston, Mnj,
o ©
• People who •
•can't eat meat %
S can eat and §
§ grow fat on •
I Grape- Nuts |
• Fact! '•
••••••••••••••••••••••
black, black with gold, W^^f^S^^W
a special purchase of
them, and as long a* they last the price will be
You will want a sweater to wear during your vacation; in fact, it
. is well to have on« to wear on any kind of an outing.
I I ut-of-town orders fitted— write us.
718 Market Street jTJtLK SAN FK ANGISGO^ CALL, M1DAY, MAY 23, 1902.
10
HELP .WANTED— MALE — Con.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of .21 and S3; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
. Inch: able to speak and read English. For
- further Information apply at the Recruiting
- Office. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco. - .
WANTED — Strictly sober, reliable young man
with $125 cash; light contracting business:
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150. large
rooms;. 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
CANVASSERS for a good paying staple article.
. 810 San Pablo ave.. Oakland. ¦ . «
WANTED — A dryhouse man. Oakland Laun-
dry Co., 690 Twenty-ninth st. Oakland.
FOR sale— A three-chair barber shop; must be
sold at once; $150. 215 Sixth st.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop and fixtures; $150;
established 5 years. 252 Ellis st. ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
LARGE, handsome bay horse for business or
• surrey; safe for lady. . 507 Jessie st, nr. 6th.
PHAETON, $40; top buggy, $40: buggy, $20;
big horse, $35; tent $7 50. 79 City Hall ave.
WANTED— Boy of 16 or 17 years, residing
with parents. Box 1745, Call office. :
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S.'F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. Sth.
WANTED — Amateur musicians to join a mili-
tary reed band; also for string orchestra.
328 Bush st., third floor, room- 4.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
• ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUImore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109B
Valencia st. ;, '
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken: come' and-
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange, 246
Third st. WM. Q. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
WORK or driving horses; will exchange young
horse Just broke, for No. 1 buggy or screw
cutting lathe. F. H. SANDERSON. Vallejo.
RACE horses — The famous Searchlight and
. Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery st ' .
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine, road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary -College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
BIG ranch horse $30, double harness $15. har-
ness $6. buggy $40. pole $C. 79 City Hall ave.
LARGE, handsome bay horso for business or
surrey; safe for lady. 507 Jessie st, nr. 6th.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harnese.work.driving horses.- 15th&Valencla.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
lng wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission st
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to letr send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms: 9 Ewer place, off
Mason, between day an* Sacramento. Ap-
ply 10 Ewer place. ¦ 1
HOUSES TO LET-— FURNISHED.
ONE year or longer — Fine residence,' 12 rooms,
• bath, etc.; completely furnished: will sell at a
sacrifice; large garden; pleasant surround-
ings;- reasonable to responsible parties: Mis-
sion warm belt .129 Liberty st..near Twen-
ty-flrst . , . . . % ¦ ¦¦
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms and bath. Paric
Panhandle. Apply MADISON & BURKE, 30
. Montgomery st . . ¦ •
HOUSES WANTED— FURNISHED. .
WANTED — Furnished house or cottage. 6 to 8
rooms, overlooking a park; good location. Ad-
dress box 447. Call office.
HOUSES "WANTED.
WANTED — Suitable tenant for a nicely fur-
nished house of eight rocms for six months.
Inquire 2824 Pine st., at premises.
HOUSES n T Q^ T -~^gPJg^3^3^ j^
MBNLO (Fair Oaks) — New . cottage. 7 rooms,
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
INVESTMENTS.
RICH mining claim at Nome; too good to
miss; terms very reasonable. The Investors'
Agency, 137 ¦ Montgomery st, S. F.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On Fourth St.. set of blue print draw-
ing; of church. Return to S14 Clunle bulld-
ing for reward. - '
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases. .
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKB BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. iv
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows^ window
shades. J. F. Hotter. 721 Mission :tel.Main 730.
_ MEDICAL.
A; — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist — -Ladles, all who are sick or In - trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
'cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have . relieved thousands of . most obstinate
cases; free; confidential advice on all subects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence, 1018 Mkt. op. 6th..
MRS. SWEET. 600 Guerrero, nr. 18th, a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs.*
experience In midwifery cases ;\ all who are
sick or in trouble consult me before going-
else where; takes ladies before and • during
confinement; best motherly care; infants
adopted; confinements, $15; room and board
$f week; will take 2 to help for room and
board. Te». Blue 411.
MRS. D.-KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles'
. specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8
10C8% Market at, opp. 5th and nr. PowelL
MRS. DrWYETH — Well-known ladles' special-
ist; 30 years' experience; private home in
confinement. Moved to 728 Post st, nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infants free-
- fee low. 006 Market at. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; - best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails-
$2. Gleason's drug Store, Clay & Kearny.'
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market st, near Sixth"
treats ladles only; relief in all jases taken!
LADIES—' 'Neverf ale. " Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
P?t . NQ S OY KEE - 21 ° Stockton st. opposite
• Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
j^X^^^JI^^^A^j^XING.-
PARTY having under bond seven ¦ rich placer
— FOR SALE.
BOILERS; engines, 2d-hand machinery~McIl£
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1U5-197 Fremont st
A Ti? UY ?ii? ella or rentl *ear. machinery, en-
*^A n Z tXX F? : J iB 8tock :" installments: blUiard
Tk™ 11^!,^? 1 ?^ S Myterm » or rented. The
. t Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
S^ S w I m-«n S^ 8 < t 5 rade ' same M cost
B A 52 A 5*iT 2 e °S d blc y<= les .' *** gear ; - also
'¦¦ rooming-house. 6 rms.. all rented. 874 Howard
EDUCATIONAL— Continued.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on poast;
¦ beginners and college graduates perfected.'
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
/ bookkpg., penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all' graduates;
new. CO-page catalogue free. : 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
WANTED— Pupils on piano. !50o lesson at their
homes. 328 Bush st, room 4. third, floor.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
¦ GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons. 50o lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863;, new SO- page catalogue free. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
>lenda st. - •
Employment offices.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;teI.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st. ; tel. Buah 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1203 Page; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-'
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN elderly lady, American, would like a place
In the country to help in a family; $10 a
.month; good home. Address E. C.,1 1024
Howard st ¦ • ' - .
LADY German cook and man, second cook,
•want places; English, German,. French and
Hungarian and pastry; flrst-class hotel; ref-
erences. 242 Natoma st, basement.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing,
ironing, house-cleaning, $1 and carfare.
MRS. SIEBOLD. 77 Natoma st. -. ¦
SITUATION wanted by experienced nurse to
take charge of infant; city reference. 1330 |
Bush st
A GIRL, age 15, wishes a place to do light
housework; no children; sleep home. Call
or address 1122 De Haro st.
SITUATION wanted by a young colored girl
> as child's nurse In hotel or private family;
' or as maid in physician's office. Box 440,
Call office. - .-
RELIABLE Protestant woman wants situa-
tion in small American family; a good cook;'
city references. Address Cook, 2591 Market
• st, cor. Sixteenth.
SPANISH Castile woman, flrst-class cook,
wishes situation; city, $35; country, $10.
Please call 1C05 Poll^ st. '
WANTED — Washing and ironing to do at home
by colored woman ; flrst-class work. 2 Regll
j place, bet. Lombard and Green.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes house-
work; is a good cook. Address 136 Fifth Bt,
bet. Mission and Howard.
GERMAN girl. Just over, desires position as
- cook or general housework; no washing. Call
228 Linden ave., between the hours of 9 and 6.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry./
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
PRACTICAL electrician, thoroughly up to
date in all methods of wiring and operating
alternating and direct current, mining and
transmission plants; Eastern and Western
experience; best of references furnished; will
go anywhere. Box 451, Call.
SITUATION wanted by expert mechanical
draughtsman; 20 yrs.' experience in the East;
designing, building & perfecting machinery;
in or out of city. R. M., box 828, Call office.
COOK'S helper — Young German, Just arrlyed
from the East, with good experience on the
range, desires position, city or country. Box
445, Call office.
YOUNG man desires a position am collector;
has had several years' experience. Address
box 443. Call. j /.
COACHMAN and gardener, by sober, trust-
worthy man; can milk; good references. Box
4280, Call office, Oakland.
A SOBER and reliable man wants a place as
dishwasher; can give good city references.
Address Box 444. Call office.
-WANTED — By married man, position taking
care of small orchard; experienced at the
work and reliable; good references. Box 437,
Call office. /
A STEADY, sober young man wishes position
as bartender; city or country; references.
Box 435. Call office. ¦ ¦
WANTED — Position in office by trustworthy
man of good education; can work typewriter;
understands bookkeeping; good at figures;
moderate wages. Box 458. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A, BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
EXCHANGE. . ~
WILL exchange desirable building lot for up-
right piano. 1610% Bush st.
F IN ANCIA1,. —— -
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, .underwritten and
sold; stock accepted -for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL new fls/,.6 rooms; gas & electric
lighted; modern; Mission warm belt Noe &
; Elizabeth sts. Mission and 22d-st. -cars pass.
FRANKLIN, 202 — Clean sunny flat 6 rooms
and bath.
ELEGANT bay-window top flat; 0 rooms and
bath. 735 Minna st, near Ninth. -
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2829 Washington st. *" *.»
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FLAT. 1104 Eddy st. — Furniture, carpets, etc.,
for sale at a sacrifice on account of ' depart-
ure; call 9 to 11:30 a. m.
FURNISHED flat of 7 rooms; sunny; Market
Ft, near City Hall; $45. Jiox 426, Call.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished sunny 7-room flat;
piano; garden. 2833 Washington st.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — 4 rms. ; bath ; gas range -
garden; $25; lower flat 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS ' WANTED.
COUPLE want unfurnished flat, 4 or 5 rooms
and bath, or would-rent parlor floor; north of
Market: reasonable. Box 428, Call..
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath;
rent low; north Market. Box 442, Call office.
-ELLIS. 828 — Don't fall to see flat; elegantly
furnished; bargain; all new. . ../ ¦¦"•¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished- in oak, $4R 50; with~NoT~7
. range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of. modern 6-room flat; new; rent
$28.' 1261 Mission Et. j
HOUSE, 7 rooms, bath, basement; furniture
and carpets for sale cheap. 842 Capp st.
FURNITURE "WANTED. ..
BIO price paid for furniture for 60 days;. special
reasons. 8. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.;- pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
___. ; . | - : CLOVES. " -'./ : _ _ ' ' ¦ ~~.
TRY: Danicheff One ' Dollar ' Glove; • you will
never wear others;' warranted. 121 Grant ave.'
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY^
850 Market st.— (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
BARGAINS and many choice investments In
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times. Bona fide buyers are welcome to In-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st. bet 5th and 6ttu
Phone Mint 1911.
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market st. (upstairs), near Call building;
-rood titles; easy terms: telephone. Green 458;
Big list hotels and lodging-houses.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis st. room 10
(Glaecow block). -
$90 PUTS ycU/ln charge of a rooming-house
clearing $35 'per month. 842 Howard at.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. HOLTMAN. medium and gifted healer;
all -diseases ' cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power: advice free. 122S Market st.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night; Prof. Mc-
Laughlln's marvelous demonstration. 005
McAllister st; 10c. ¦ -
BROCKWAY'S Droof positive test eeance.
Sun.. Wed. and Fri. nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c; readings dally. 1052 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
. letter $2. 11C4 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests;
10c; readings dally» ladles 50c. 132 Sixth st
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr. Guerrero;
circle Friday eve.. 25c; readings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night; 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS^
50c hdc. 326~b'Farrell St., 32<T DOcT 60c!
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The first registered as well as the first
graduate palmist and clairvoyant
ever in .San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE is, beyond the shadow
of a doubt, the most scientific practicing
clairvoyant and palmjst -In the world to-day,
EXTRAORDINARY. clairvoyant power, com-
bined with his superior knowledge of occult
forces, enables him to read human destiny
with unerring accuracy; his Information and
advice on marriages, divorces, separations,
love and family affairs, business transactions,
law suits, etc., are accurate vand truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, locates hidden
treasures and mines by a new method* ad-
vises you as to whether or not you will be
successful in mining or in business, often-
times by good advice he gives you back your
lost nerve and energy. No matter what trou-
ble you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught, Mediumistic Persons De-
veloped." Five questions answered by mall
50c. 32G O'FARRELL ST. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In "the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
1 dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; Eatlsf action guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— 50c— 50c— NO HIGHER.
For this week only, advice on love and at
business affairs; reunites the separated and
causes speedy marriage; names, dates and
facts given when others fail. Call on the
world'* greatest medium and palmist MME.
J. LYONS. 1016 Market St.. parlors 8 and 9.
A — ISM A It, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person- 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles 50c t
gents ?1; palm, and clair. sit $1 50. 126. Turk.
25c — SPECIAL — $2 readings one week for 25c:
clairvoyant, palmist, astrologist. trance and
card reader; 10 to 8 dally. 1010 Mission st
FOR a limited time, Mrs. Reynolds, the famous
life reader, will give her marvelous full life
readings for $1. 1008% Market hours 10 to 5.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
Et., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 23 and 20.
: MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor st. clairvoyant.
crystal seer; reads'your life correctly without
; questions; full names :50c-$l;10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MADAM MARCEAU. card reader and clalr-
voyant: ladles and gents 23c. 1601 Mission;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 j>. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high peychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. 704 Howard.
MITE. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant cards,
palm., 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th, r. 14.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
25c; gents 60: readings dally. 132 Sixth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
- Ing works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
. pie. A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market, bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beaUng Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th Kt : tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
S33 Golden iGate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74. '
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Ag»ncy-^No~charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market »t.
COTTAGES WANTED.
DESIRABLE cottage or flat, furnished, for
quiet family of three; can give references.
. Address box 150. Call office.
DENTISTS. ' ~
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market cor-
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crownf $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
tip; office hours, 9 a m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
& to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.,
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON,. D.D.S.. proprietor and •> manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, corrstrsh—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. ' G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corsct-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
HEALD'S SCHOOL bF^LECTRICAL^ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work;, thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post st. S. F.;
catalogue free. _ •
A— IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them,?
ji4 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Bust-'
tiees College. 1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
13«2 I 'm 1 £ dorsed by offlcla l court reporters.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..\
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.'
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford profeesor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers* Business College, 723 Market
Et, for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the Btate. Life scholarship $50.-
ENGINEERING— Civil, ilec. mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van'
dcr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE — Con.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood, and Iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). . ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y^
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-bantj
machinery. J. BURKE. 133 Beale st
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movins
picture machines, films. Eaclgalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boiler*
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
- bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market at
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. ' BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po«t st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also genU*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 4,<U.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. Box 4060, Call office.
HIGHEST prices paid for diamonds and seal-
skins; will call; confidential. Box 468, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 Oth st : tel. Jessie 2851.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, an/
condition. Farn8WorthElectrlcalWfrs..41S'Tur8s.
AS we have Just completed .our new wafe-
rooms and hall, for ONE WEEK we wtl*
offer unheard-of bargains in all grades of
pianos. If you are looking for a high-grad»
piano, come; if not come and bring- your
friends and spend an hour with us in the
mosf beautiful warerooms on the Pacific
Coast Every piano a bargain this week.
Among them we will offer:
1 Miller $33
a Weber 6»
2 Knabe 83
1 Haynes 15S
4 Stelnways $110 to 23*
2 Steck i $100 an* 130
3 Fischer. $05 to 133
Also special prices on the Matchless Heine.
Every piano fully guaranteed. Easy pay-
ments if desired. 200 pianos to select from.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 2S5-23T
Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way oX prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arsortment cf best/ makes to choose from,
EHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Etelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.;. Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts, Oakland. .
ATTENTION'. BARGAIN-HUNTERS!
Second-band upright pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st.-; Chickerln*.
Mason & Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano .sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a ne*.-. peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy s>
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st; established 1830.
UPRIGHTS at $25 and upward can be seen at
our store, and if you want to get a bargain
call soon; we are showing some fine Deckers,
cheap to close out; they are good 'as new.
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
?150 — ELEGANT large size Fischer upright
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister St.
FISCHER piano, good as new, will be sold to
highest bidder this week. SICKELS. 6 Geary.
GENUINE Chappuy violin for sale. Apply
Charles Nathan, merchant tailor, 109 Sutter.
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
5 grand upright piano; leaving city. 033 Post
YOU may want a piano for rent SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayea st
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.
Eteck. Everett Ludwig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must ba
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st .
A FINE Stelnway upright, left on sale: no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 > Geary st
SNAP — 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprishtji,
dropped from catalogue. $250. Bruenn,203Po3t
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
end other pianos and pipe organs.
SUFERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H?
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
¦ :'~ MONEY TO LOAN. ,
-A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
-- Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. -*¦
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages. *T
On undivided interests In real estate * '
On estates in probate. . . 4
On legacies.
'SO DELAT.
Telephone Main 3313.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room X
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-C02 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates
......Property Being Held in Trust......
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies: Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner..
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent in sums to salt;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
•econd mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room IS.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc., at lowest rate o£
interest; private and confidential. TO 11 LIN-
SON & CO... 103 Ellis st. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
HIGHLY respectable private place ' to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
'lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.room 38.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
20 Montgomery st. room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture.yf ianos; no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlaj. ATHITEHEAP (Wilson's). 1710 Market
S. F.' DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable. party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, turn.,
without removal ; conflden. 035 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. lia McAllister st
S% ON furniture & piancs: $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mcney loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc, 431 California.
ONE per cannon furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any "security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note withou:
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no Endorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 30!> Phelan Md«r.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE. 30x30. fronting * on Natoma st, bet.
Fremont and "First, with good dry elevator
bagement 40x90. Inquire 143 First st
EUILDING to let; suitable for store cr office*.
No. 205 Post st, near Grant ave. DAVIO-
SON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery st.
PALMISTRY?'"" ~"~
PROFESSOR STERLING, the famous palm-
ist, is here; have your hands read; charges ar9
60c and $1; office is at 120 Sth st. ; office hours
are 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.. dally and Sundays.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post St.. corner of Jones: phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME • FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post: tel .Kin ok Bft*.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
. no operation; no detention from business: ail
. private diseases treated successfully; consul-
¦ tation free. Dra. Forden & Porteraeld. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market st., bet Sixth and Seventh.
, HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .429 Bush st.
¦ _ HOTEL DEPARTMENT. \
. • 2 women. 1 "kitchen - work,-' " springs, short ¦¦
.- distance ;..... .....$20
Fancy ironer. j summer • resort, ' free fare . . $35
'3 waitresses, same springs," fare one way. .$25
: Chambermaid, same place $20
3 waitresses, about 15th of June,- fare-
one way, '. . .'J. .. ...... ..$25
. Chambermaid, same place, 'fare one "way.. $20
j Waitress, - Santa Cruz, fare-one way.... ..$20
2 waitresses, same commercial hotel, fare-
1 paid ..... . . . . . . ........-;....:...-...... .$20
Chambermaid to wait, 'same place. ...... .$20
!'¦ FAMILY DEPARTMENT. - :
Cooks, house girls, second-girls, nurse girls,
city and country, • $10-$30.' • •
C. R. . HANSEN ... . . . .*. . .429 Bush st.
; (Oppoalte California Hotel.)
WANTED — 3 cooks, $30, $35;. 4 cooks/small
hotel, country, $30, $35; 8 second girls, $20,
$25; nurse, 1- child.- $25; 6 family hotel wait-
resses, $20; chambermaid, assist in. 'pantry,
$20 ; 2 waitresses for. resorts, $25, go to-day ;
chambermaid and ¦ sewing,. $25; second girl
for Monterey, $25;. Ironer for laundry in hos-
pital, $15 and found;. cleaning woman for or-
' phanage, $20; mother and daughter, same
. house, country, .$40; 40 girls, for all kinds
of housewprk at $20, $25, $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT. 334 Sutter st
A HEAD waitress; city; $35.
MRS. M. E. DAY. .....' 335 Geary.
WAITRESSES; mountain resorts, springs; $25
and J20. -¦•¦¦•. 1 ¦ '^•- : '-;^
MRS. M. E. DAY.. .....'...335 Geary.
2 WAITRESSES, Fresno, fares paid; 2 wait-
resses, Visalla, fare paid; waitress, Napa.
$20; waitresses, city, $25, $20.
M^S. M. E. DAY.... ..335 Geary.
A COOK; 2 In family; San Jose; $30; see lady
here. MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary.
WANTED— 5 girls to learn hairdressing. manl-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and even, class; beware
of imitations ; ours first and only college of the
kind on Pacific Coast. 233 Geary st, rs. 13-15.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
H0W_TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI. STRAUSS ' & CO., 82% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIg.
YOUNG girl for plain cooking and general
housework; small wash; must be neat; ref-
erences reaulred. Apply_mornings 1709 Ba-
ker st.. near California. - ¦ , ¦ ¦ .. ,
WANTED — Young lady *to assist with two chil-
dren and light housework. I Call at 1 Belcher
Court, off Fourteenth st, bet. Church and
Sanchez. • •; • ; . ,. • .¦ •
ACTIVE young girl in restaurant ! to carry
dishes, with a chance to learn waiting at
table. $20 per month. 725 Market st - - -
MIDDLE-AGED woman, white or colored, for
upstairs work and waitress In country. Ap-
ply to 1459 Franklin st. - . -
WANTED — Girl or woman to assist In house-
j work; willing to stay in country during sum-
roc-r; steady place. 1649 Test st. .
WANTED — Saleslady. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' ' ¦
WAIST and skirt makers wanted. E. M-
SOLLEY, 1037 Peat st. .
WAITRESS, restaurant, for dinner and help,
take cash. etc. 955 Bryant st' .
WANTED — A good dressmaker and apprentice
at 120% Hayes st. - ¦ -
WANTED— Girl to care for child; wages $15.
Apply -morning, 1104 Ellis st., corner Gough.
WANTED— Good waist finisher at 1542 Web-
ster st. • .
GIRL for general housework; i»> washing.
117 Clipper Bt, between 25th and 26th.
WANTED — Lady olano player for country
roadhouse. Box 924, Call office.
GIRLS -to put up perfumes; $3 a week. Box
430. Call office. ,
WHOLESALE house desires the services of a
competent woman whom they may trust with
the management of the business. . Box 460,
Call office. ¦ ¦> ¦ ., ,
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in 6tores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1230 Market, r. 94.
WANTED — 2 flrst-clars ironers, $30 per mo.
and board and lodging. Address JOHN LA
FARQUE, San Rafael, Cal. . .
WANTED — Two apprentices to learn dress-
making. 843 McAllister st.
•
GIRL for general housework; small family;
. wages $20. 316 Twelfth ave. ; car fare paid.
EXPERIENCED -waitress; also active-young
girl to learn waiting at table' '725 Market st.
PANTS operators wanted by 8. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary at. ¦
WANTED — Girls to iron shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st. ,,' .
GIRL to assist with housework; small family.
1232 Octavia st. " '
WANTED — Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market St. ¦
•CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office; 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . . , , ¦
.HELP WANTED— MALE. "
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Between Kearny and ¦ Grant ave.)
2000 railroad men $2 to $2 25
3 camp blacksmiths $60
4 camp cooks *. ' $60
Free fare .For Nevada
For Nevada .....' .......Ship to-day
600 tunnelmen $2 to $3 day
For Chatsworth Park Ship to-day
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . .
Bookkeeper and clerk, $60 and found; bath
man and wife, understanding shampooing, to
take baths on shares or wages, summer re-
sort; second and third cook, Arizona, $50
and $35, free fare; porter, country hotel, $25;
third porter, country hotel,* $25. ¦
Lumber men. lumber pliers, $33 and found;
haymakers. $1 25 and $1 60 per day and
board; farmers, milkers, hostlers and thou-
sands of others.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO. 420 Bush «t.
. (Opposite California Hotel.)
CABINET maker, $3 day; 10 carpenters, city or
country, $3 50 day; ranch blacksmith. $40
and board; 'painter and paper hanger, $130
day and board; carriage painter;' wagon
* blacksmith. $3 day; ratchet setter; 3 black-
smith- helpers, $2 day. and $1 25 day and
board; bench hands; edgerman and other me-
chanics. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
YOUNG man .to l»arn creamery business;
fruit farmer and wife, $40; milker and wife,
$45; 4 milkers, $30, $32 60 and $35; farmers,
$25 and $30; chore men; assistant gardener;
buggy washers and harness cleaners. $50;
stable man, private family, $50; boys for
factory, ,73c to $1 day; stableman; laborer
for mines, mill and woods, factories, pick
and Bfeovel work, etc., at going wages, and
others. J.. F. CROSETT & CO... 628 Sacra-
mento st. • \ • .
2 HOTEL cooks, country.' $40 and $50; restau-
rant cooks, $70. $45 and $11 week, lunch
cook. $30; hotel waiters, $25 and $30; restau-
rant waiters, $35 month and $8 week; pan-
try man for hotel. $25 ; scrubber, $23. and
dishwashers ;• vegetable man, $30, and others.
; J.. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento St.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY . .
; '.-. ...... .638 Clay St.
, • • Phone Main 1191
400 teamsters, concrete men, rock men, steam
shovel dumpers ....$2 25 to $2 50 per day
. .. .... FREE FARE TO-DAY ......
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake division
Ship Direct. . . . . ;Fee $1.
' 200 railroad men. i B. P.- Co. and. Santa Fe
- 30 boys to learn trades.. ..$4 to $9 per week
7 car builders.... :....... ...$3 per day
5 cabinet makers ... .Y. 7 .$3/per day
4 shoemakers, country .'...$2 per day
6 laborers, mine, north .' ......$60
C car men, north $60
3 miners, south .$2 CO per day
25 quarrymen :.......:.. .$2 per day
1 butcher, country ...;..... .'$12 per week
1 buggy washer, country. .... . .$60 per month
1 cook, country, ranch, see boss here 8'a.". m..
• • '. . . . . . '.$20 and found
1 restaurant waiter, country ...$30 and found-
Cook,; waiters,, etc.. for city...........'..,...
Call and Inspect our bulletins. ' r j
A PASTRY cook and baker, commercial hotel.
$50. MRS. M. E.- DAY, . .'." 335 Geary st.
A BELLBOY for springs, r. $15
MRS.M.-E, DAY. ¦...'... ......335 Geary Bt.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, Montgomery, rm. 12
Bellboys, $15 and' $25; assistant clerk. $15;
. night clerk. $25. . _ . .
A — WANTED; 3 or 4 . musicians : for summer
resort hotel, near city; piano, violin, 'cello or
bass viol and clarinet; 2% to 3 months' en-
gagement . Address, stating terms and other
information. 1 Box 434, ,, Call office. ¦
WANTED— Touft: man who is an experienced'
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
. " ft. . m. . at HALE BROS.' ¦ , ¦ ., ; . ,- r
WANTED-r-Young, man, from 16 to 18 years of
? ¦ age to learn the dry v goods businesa State
age. experience,. if any, and salary expected.
. Apply between 8 and 11 • a. ' m. at HALE
WANTED— Shipwrights. Navy * Yard, Puget
Sound; pay from $2 80 to $4 per diem. « Apply
, 1 n person Board of Labor Employment,' Navy
Yard, Puget Sound, Wash.
A..'....:... ...BEST PLACES AT.*...
.....'... Best .Wages at ..'.........."...
.•.-... Largest Supply at
MURRAY & READY'S.... 634-636 Clay bt.
' v. . . ..-.'. .... . .Phone. Main 5848. .' . . ......
i. Leading Employment and Labor Agents..'
. ........... .Office Open, "7 a. ' : m. ..'. ........
1 4555. .v. : . .... Men for railroads .4535
To-day. . . ; . To-day ..... To-day To-day
We ship you free. .. .".....We ship" you free
To Elko, Moleen. Nevada, Heron, Iron Point;
Vista, Wadswprth, Rockeby, Deeth, Battle
- Mountain, Reno and . other places en
Nevada, and. . . . ... ...... Salt Lake Divisions
Also to S. P..* C- P.. U. P.. •' S. L..and
L. A.. C. N. W., N. P. C, Santa Fe and
oth4r great "railroads.!......... *
Great crowds going.... ".".Free. .. .. .Are you?
355 I drillers .................. 350 hammermen
186/ car dumpers...... 450 concrete men
1 965/ teamsters.. .........065 laborers
16 masons' " helpers, crane and steam • shovel
. men, cooks, waiters, dishwashers and "other
help, wages $3 50. $3. $2 75, $2 50, $2 25. $2
day Free
— *............We pay your fares.
; ....r..........We ship to-day...
To sawmills and woods..........
369 - laborers, "no experience required,"
. steady, good . Jobs, you'll suit.
.............$30, $35, $40 and found
85 men to pile lumber. . . . .$30, $35 and found
89 laborers for woods.... $35, $40 and found j
16 men handy with axes... $35, $40 and found
237 men as laborers for yards and mills all'
over California for various mills.-
$30, $35. $40 and found
87 laborers to build roads in woods. .$35 '& fd
583 woodchoppers, tiemakers... Various prices
Gang edgerman, $65 and found; trimmer man.
$50 and found; shingle packers and all other
classes of help used In mills, yards, woods,
wharves, etc... ...{ ,
'.Gold and silver mines
Copper and cinnabar mines
............. . ;.Other mines :
65 miners, various different mines, $65, $70,
$85, $90. 5 miners, north. $75
39 muckers. $75... 36 laborers, no experience
Machine men, quartz and other miners,
come see ....'
MINERS and timberm en, $75.. diamond driller
......... Special good factory job
.9 laborers, .inside work. $2 day, board in ho-
stel, 50c fare, steady job, come early to-day..
8 luniber pliers, $40 fd. .9 buggy washers, $60
8 lumber graders, $75...... 26 stablemen, $60
2 brick molders, $75.' Milk wagon driver
$40 and found
286 laborers and . teamsters for all parts of
California;- many 'in San Francisco: some
board home; wages $2 50, $2 25, $2 day;
•come, see; some in factories and for manu-
facturing companies ; powder men :
Teamster, lumber wagon .....; $75
HAY AND HARVEST FIELD
. ..........DAIRIES. FARMS ETC
66 haymakers, mowers, rakers, etc.. $35, $40
and found; 365 general ranch, orchard and
vineyard hands all over California, $25, $26,
$30. $35 and found. . .
' 65 milkers.... ...$35, $40, fd, some fares paid
9 cheesemakers, $35, $40, fd..9 butter makers
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
87 choremen and boys... $15. $20, $25, $30, fd.
e handy men .25 laborers brick yards
6 boys for city factories, $1 30 "day; 15. boys
to learn trades; <*oachmen; gardeners; sack
sewers: 9 young men, city manufactories,
$1, $1 25. $1 CO day; 5 road teamsters,
38 CARPENTERS ..' for
exceptional good mines, house building, saw-
mills and other classes of work in city and
country... '..$3, $3 50 day. $75, $85, $90 & fd.
- . : BLACKSMITHS , '. .
29 blacksmiths, also horseshoers and general
all round smiths, also helpers, some no shoe-
Ing. $3 50. $3, $2 50. $2 day
6 brick molders, $75; 5 brick setters and brick
burners; carriage painters; 36 other different
. mechanics In San Francisco and country. . . .
...; HOTEL BAKERY ...."...
LAUNDRY and.. OTHER DEPTS. .SALOON
39 cooks for different places, $50, $60, $45,
$40, $35, $30 and found; some 2d, 3d cooks
for mines, hotels, camps, etc.; 6 porters; bell
and elevator boys; roustabouts and silver
men, 69 waiters $25, $30, $40 and found
29 dishwashers $20, $25, $30 and found
6 bakers' helpers and other help
. Hundreds of other positions. Come. see.....
1901 we gave MURRAY & READY.
37,000 men work.... .634-636 Clay st
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 3rd St.. near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
Teams... Teamsters and laborers for railroad
Office fee $1
All points in Nevada and Utah
Salt Lake Division
Free fare . .' '. Free fare
300 teamsters .$2 25 and $2 50 per day
200 laborers. ........ ,^ :$2 25 per day
250 rockmen .$2 25 per day
150 concrete men.. $2 25 per day
\ Free fare... Office fee $t...No other expense
x FARE ADVANCED
26 sawmill and woodsmen. $26 to $65 per
month and board; 20 R. R. laborers for same
mill, $26 to $35 per month and board; ship
to-day; fare advanced to Ft. Bragg, Mendo-
cino County
2 head setters. .....' $3 per day
10 lumber pliers... $39 per month and board
j 4 woodsmen...,. ...$40 per month and board
10 men to grade on skid road .' . $35 mo. & bd.
. 6 men to load shingle bolts.. $40 mo. & board
Trimmer."... ........ .$45 per month and board
Tall edgerman ;;.... $35 per month and board.
6 carpenters .$3 50 day. fare paid
6 carpenter helpers. ....$2 per day
5 ranch hands and haymakers.. $1 25 d#y & bd
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third St.
WANTED— Man arid wife for two or three
months to care for reslderice, grounds, etc.,
during absence of owner and family in coun-
j try. Write, stating references, experience,
• age, etc.. addressing box 453, Call office, t ,
$75 — A STEADY man as partner In cigar store;
no night or Sunday work; full value guaran-
teed. Call 257 Fourth st., cigar store, near
Folsom. 1 • . . ' :¦
WANTED — To-day, steady, sober man for light
- Indoor business; must hav.e $150 cash and be
• satisfied with $75 month year around. For
particulars see STRAND. 1007% Market st
WANTED — Young man. good references": good
position to right party. E. MESSAGER, 145
Post St. . ' '
EARNEST young man willing to work for a
business education. . California Business Col-
. lege, 303 Larkin st.
WANTED — Restaurant cooks, waiters and
kitchen help; no fee. Apply 526 Montgomery
st, room 1. . ' , .
$50 — MAN tr.ke interest, collect In light manu-
. facturlng business; $20 per week. 737 How-
•f ard St.. room 04. . - . •
WANTET> — A boy to work in sweat pad shop.
J. C. JOHNSON & CO., 122 First St.
WANTED— 100 laborers at Hunters Point; $2
per day. City Street Improvement Co.
WANTED— A good tallor'for bushellng at 625
Commercial st
EXPERIENCED young man to feed job
presses. 1C Fremont st.
STRONG boy of 17 to learn carriage black-
smithing; also driving horse. Box 461, Call.
WANTED — A first-class dinner waiter at 304
Mason st: wages $4 a week. .
BOY wanted. 24 Commercial st
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
250 Sixth st. . ,
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith and helper. 537
• Brannan st. . • : .
WANTED — Cook and. dishwasher at 528 Fourth
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific st.; good wages. |
UNION barbtr for Saturday and Sunday. Call
at 42S Broadway. ' ' ¦ -" '
YOXTNG man- to help In cake bakery; must
have experience. 911% Larkin st
GOOD barber I for j Saturday. 605 Fourteenth
st ,-' Oakland. :¦''.' v . -
CLERK for a small corner grocery- 138 Second
street. .
WANTED — Man -for general farm tyork and
milk 16 or 18 cows. Apply 59 Third st, S. F.
BARBER'S one-chair short-hour shop for sale.
527 Clay st. -
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wanted. ARply at 16
Post st. ¦¦-'¦-. ¦/"-..
SMART boy for butcher .shop, and care for
horses. 1S23 Point Lobos ave. "' '¦ . •' ~" .
WANTED — Steady man with $125 for a plain
. everyday business; established 13 years; will
: pay $70' a month; no experience ; required.
Apply- at 1010 Market st, room 10.'
COATMAKER and -pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24
Sutter Bt,' ' ¦ . - -' ¦'-¦¦•
WANTED — Young man. 18 to 19 years old,
with ; unexceptionable city references. Apply
. at, 45 Van Ness ave. - ' ¦¦¦ :
WANTED-^Flrst-class silk salesman; Btate
age. experience and ¦ salary expected. Ad-
• dress box 433. Call office.
WANTED— Reliable, sober j German as driver
. for bakery wagon (Western Addition route) ;
¦must have experience. Ill Larkin st.
BARBER— First-class . 3-chair shop .for sale;'
' cheap; party going away: snap: must be sold.
Apply at WILL & FINCK'S. Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS traveler for wine house; must
have good references. • P. O. box* 2633, S. F.
LUMBER bookkeeper and stenographer for mill
• office; also sawmill boss. Box 433, Call office.
SHOWCASE maker wanted at 208 Sutter st;'
top floor.- • ' ,' ¦"- . ¦¦¦ .'..
"A' GARDENER -to take charge of garden and
-..; grounds at -Box 438. Call office. \
.WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday;
,. steady. 1308 ¦ Howard ¦; st '•'¦-• ••
COOK for restaurant... 3100 Fulton Bt. H D.
¦VFREE.J, ..,-:.¦ .,.,.'•> . -..'.. .-.;.-....
ERRAND" boy -wanted for -tailor shop. 935
. Market st, room 16. —' -_'¦ ' ¦/¦ ,V . r,
BOOTBLACK wanted; 'barber shop. 112% Eddy
;¦ street;. ¦¦_":;.;.¦/-.".:..
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street.
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 p. m.
106 Eleventh ctreet; open until 9 p. nr.
JC3G Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
?200 Flllmorg street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING N^jCES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _
T., 8 Post st. — Regular assembly THIS "^&*
(FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. VV
All fraters courteously invited. By vUb
order of the Commander. v
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 30. F. and «
A. M-— Called meeting THIS (FRI- JP&.
DAY) EVENING, et 7:30 o'clock. Tfejif
Degree Three. By order W. M. /^V'
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY) S^f-'SxZ.
EVENING. May t'3. 8 o'clock.
Memorial Hall. Visitors cordially -""Vl^
Invited. W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary.
UNITY Lodre No. Cl of S." F. and &C
Dlrlgo Lodge No. 224, K. of P.. of „ j<j*>
Oakland, will confer Knight Rank
(long form) In honor of the Grand •'feslia
Lodge FRIDAY EVENING. May 2S. at Na-
tive Sons' Hall, Mason' st. bet Geary and
Post All Knights are cordially invited.
i. E. H. CLIFF. P. C.
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. jt!^^^K
18. K. O. T. M.— Review /42T--^§*\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- gj3 <£> §SJ§
. ING, at 6 o'clock. Pioneer tpl!l /fVvWjjl
Hall, 24 Fourth st ftKg if AX)jfi3
H. H. CASTLE, v2?r?fe^/
Record Keeper.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold a special examination
at examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission, City Hall, San Francisco. Cal.,
commencing TUESDAY, May 27, 1902. at
CHAS. C. WADSWORTH. M. P.. Sec
'ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders cf the Olympic Salt
, Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st., San Francisco,
Cat. on MONDAY, the 2Cth day of May.
18C2. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
•erve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16. 1902, at 3 o'clock o. zn.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. S27 Market st. San Francisco. Cal.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED — B'.g money to live hust-
lers; best selling article in the market; clean
business; agents making $0 to $8 per day.
Magic Gas Igniter Co.. room 15. The Euro-
pean Hotel. 924 Market et
ATTORNEYS 'AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
618; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gager, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. S50 Market Et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees-
all cases. J. M. THHRSTON. S19 Market st.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vet rt.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. SC5 Market. IOCS to 1974 Page.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. "
ROBISON'S BIRD STORE^ ''
335 and 337 K>erny st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS, ETC
Largest and best appointed place In the country.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes 1 149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
————___ ___
A— $450 bakery, established years; all store
trade; rent $40; 3 rooms and kitchen; baking
I barrel per day. Call R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny EC
A SALOON en Fourth St.. near Market; $650.
A saloon; half interest; $750.
A branch bakery and notions; $550.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $3. v >0 per month; estab.
years; the best investment In any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2ti% Kearny..
A — $800: PARTNER wanted in fine" paying and
best located restaurant on Sutter st; sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. See B,
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et-
A— SALOON In the wholesale district no night
or Sunday work. $900. • • • Saloon, with
14 furnished rooms upstairs, in a- good re-
epectable neighborhood. $1800. • • • Gro-
cery in the Western Addition, good paying
corner, rent 518. price $650. • • • Call on
JOSEPH STRACB. 850 Market rt
A— $550; OYSTER and chop house; clears $150
month: bargain account sickness. STR.VND.
1007% Market st.
A— $1250; CORNER grocery and bar; fine stock-
fixtures; 2 cash registers; good trade; 3 rooms;
« years' lease. STRAND. 1007% Market st
A— f228; BRANCH bakery and variety store; 4
rooms; cheap rent. STRAND. 1007% Market.
A — WANTED; reliable, active man to take
Btate or county pattern rights in one of the
most profitable and salable articles in exist-
<ace; email capital required. P. S. DE
LUCA. 318 Kearny et. room L
A— 1250. I murt have a partner; if you are a
hustler you can get into one of the best pay-
Ing businesses In the city; duties easily
teamed. Pacific Real Estaxe Co.. 765 Market
KOTION and crockery store; fine stock; good
location; low rent 396 Sixth, bet 9-12 a. m,
PARTNER with $150 for a eood paying busi-
nees. Inquire at 642 Howard st.
Bt0^' ? 1U V lar F * ba *«nent Kearny. sult-
fcble for bowling, games; lease. C36 Clay. r . 1.
Tr S« h ?2* lodging-houses, stores, restaurants.
001 ? 8 ' hot l ls ' clgaT 6tands an «
Sf-I.S ftST b " slBess , chances for Bale; also
5JL /?°?? ntlT reaI estate tor 8a le or ex-
LY & CARR Realty and Mining Co. 713
Market «t. room 406; tel. James 412L
WANTED— Steady, trustworthy man as part-
i* 1 " cash business; easy hours-
clears $250 to $300 a month; $350 required'
Address box 439. Call office.
trail y located; business clears $100 month;
gcrifice °n fle a*count wife's slcfcness. Box
A th?°^li?t 1Umb « ns bU8lne «: * «r°od chance to
w?,..? 1 * 111 party - Inquire Emma Spreckels
building, room C07, M. H. RODMAN. Kra '*' ciB
FOR sale— Old-established place, oyster and
chop house; 344 Third; rent $20; price $»00.
*?,£f r^ag ISgSStfggj" MP
WANTED— A partner with small capita! in
good-paying business. Box 593. Call office.
$5000 ADDITIONAL capital; wholesale business
In connection with manufactory. Box 870. Call
I/ODGING-HOL-SES FOK SALE. '
ANY Blace In the city sold on payments
SO rooms; clears $250; a snap...... 53 2 00
8 rooms; Geary st: a bargain *; '350
20d rooms; just listed; investigate.. "10 000
18 rooms; always full; clears $80... 'cm
20 rooms; clears $30; only. . "no
17 rms. ; long lease ; clears $100;"payms L100
WO Market Bt.. cor. Ellis, rooms 7-8.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market «t
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, to all parts of the city.
II rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$830
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 050
8 rooms; tunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 30; make offer..!!*" WO
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
JW ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $6500
•J00 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; tunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain ooo
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 5 to 200 rooms
E1TEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S50 Market et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to cell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1% per cent
MASON st., 10 rooms, $700; 8 r., $475- 22 r
$1400; Kearny st. 18 r.. $1700; 21 r.\ $14Oo!
These are all good paying places; 70 more
bouses, eouth and north, at all prices; we
tr»at all customers b^st and honest as possi-
ble. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st .FELL OVER PLANKS.-5-Mary A.\Emmons is
suing Sarah Seymour, of .Vallejo ¦ for • $10 000
damages. for injuries she received, she alleges
by falling over a loose plank in- the sidewalk
in, front of Mrs. Seymour's property.
Fire on Calif ornia Street.
A firebroke outlast night in the office
of the Salinas Milling Company, 224 Cal
ifornia street; and > for a time there was
fear^ that much • damage would r be done.
The -prompt arrival of the fire companies
averted vwhat : might have been a. serious
loss. As it terminated the damage done
will i not be more than $1500. In , the same
bullding^is the firm of Herman Bros.,
cigar- merchants, whose loss is estimated
at $250. The fire was discovered by Spe
cial'Officer Dillon. ¦¦¦••", ¦ .
•WASHINGTON, May , 22.— The f ollowlne
Californians registered ¦ here to-day At
the Ralelgh-C. T. Lane' of Los Angeles
E.B. Rogers and wife, S. ; Kahn and wifV
Miss Florence Kahn, Fred Kahn p p 1
Brooks and Mrs. Newhouse of Ban Fran
Cisco; at the Shoreham— J. W. -Colton^of
San' Francisco; at the.. National— p f
King. of San Francisco; at the Willardi
J. H. Clerfayt and wife of San FrarrciscoT
Calif ornians in Washington.
Y0RK (j May 22.-Th6 following
Calif ornians , are in New York: ¦ 7-
From San Francisco— W. F. Cordes and
H. M.,L,ichtenstein, at the Victoria- tT
Elmer and wife and Mrs. fe. Stackieerpn*
at the Grand Union: H. M. KeUus amrr'
Keilue, at the Imperial; J. Mais and wife
at the Albemarle;- W. B. Meagher" at the
Astor; P. White, at the Belvedere
G £Tl££nf CrUZ ~ W - Parsons '" *t:the
th^Snac. lana - M - DiUOn and wlfe - at
From Los Angeles— W. McLellan at thn
St. Denis. ¦ . . , . u
Calif ornians in New York.
Colonel J. D. Hall, in charge of the
Medical Supply Department of the United
States army on the Pacific Coast has rp
turned from a vacation and is a 'cup«t a*
the Occidental. ¦ _ - - 8ue3i; at
Ernest F. Tamm, a business man of
Los Angeles, Is here on a short business
trip and has made hla headquarters at
H. J. -Seymour, who has charge of the
machine shops 'of the Southern Pacific at
Sacramento, is registered at the Grand
•The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, Episco
pa' bishop of.thi3 diocese, is spending a
few days at the Occidental. \ .. s
V. S. McCIatchy, editor of . the Sacra
mento Bee, Is at the Calif orniu, accom
panied by his wife.:, -
E. M. Thomas, proprietor of the'Vic
toria Hotel at Sonora, is registered at the
Occidental. .
C R. Downes, a mining man of Sutter
Creek, is among the arrivals at the Occi
dental, •'.¦--% ¦ — ¦ .
Dr. R. N. Hawley of the United States
revenue cutter service is at the California.
George R.' Jones, a mining man of Ari
zona, is among the arrivals at the Grand.
Frank C. Drew, an' extensive lumber
dealer o_f Elk, is registered at the Palace.
R. C. Haywood, a Denver mining man
is at the Lick. . • . . ...
"W. - M. 'Harris, a merchant of Fresno
is a guest at the Lick.
PERSONALS.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions in
insolvency were filed yesterday in the United
States District Court as follows: Henry A
Anderson, laborer, Sacramento, liabilities $365*
no assets; John Skaggs. miner. El Dorado
County, liabilities $697, no assets; Martin H
Bose. grocer, San Francisco, liabilities $004
assets $190. ¦ - .--.-
The, quickest and most convenient way ia
and out of the Yosemite Yalley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco . to
day at & a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m
Can at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. •
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
Mr. and Mrs. C..G. McBride of San Jose
are at the Palace.
- Miss Helen McFarland Is at the Hotel
Rafael. : j; ;-, >¦•
Mr/ and Mrs. F. H. Mann are at Bart
lett Springs. '•-,
)Mrs. Nora Jackson and Miss Fay Jack
son of Sacramento are visiting in - San
Francisco.
Craig Wadsworth has been appointed by
the President to a place in the embassy
at London for distinguished services as a
soldier. The young man is well known
here. ""
v Miss Carolyn Hecht, daughter of Rabbi
Hecht of Los Angeles and one of the most
beautiful young women, of that city, Is
visiting Miss : Hannah Doventhal of 2702
California street.-
Miss Mary Louise Stone, superintendent
of the circulating department of the
Milwaukee' Free Library, and Miss Agnes
Van Volkenburgh, superintendent of the
cataloguing department, are San Fran
cisco visitors. -.'¦'¦' .^
Miss . Teddie Hart, a daughter of • the
late J. T. Hart, was joined in wedlock
last night to E. M. Huson. The wedding
took place at the home of the bride'3
mother, 514 Eddy street, the Rev. J.
Lyon officiating."
The local Council of Women will hold a
meeting in Century Hall, 1215 Sutter
street, . Monday evening, May 26, at 8
o'clock. This meeting is in the interest
of the Consumers' League and will be ad
dressed, by Mrs. .. Florence :Kelley. secre
tary of the National Consumers' League.
Friday evening, May "30, at the same
time and place and under the same aus
pices, Mrs. Frederick Nathan wL. give an
address. Mrs. Nathan Is president of the
New York i Consumers' League and vice
president - of the National Consumers'
League. The public is cordially invited to
both meetings. " .'
Reception— Miss Marion Taverner, Miss Ma
bel Kendall, Miss Luceno Hansom, Miss Marie
Rlke, Miss Emma Matttrn; Miss Vera Becker,
Miss Florence Cohn. Miss Margaret Flagg,
Miss Nina Adams. Esther McCall,. Miss Grace
Irving. ".
Music committee — Miss Josie Leszynsky, Miss
Vivian Baldwin. ; 1
Miss Maria Van Vleck had charge of
the drawing and modeling classes. Mis3
Rosa , Murdock assisted Miss Van Vleck
in receiving. W. N. Bush, the principal,
had -charge of the entire exhibition. He
was assisted by Charles H. Ham, J. B.
Clarke, A. L. Jordan, F. A. Gardner, Miss
A. G. Duffy, R. C. Daniels, W. L. Brown,
E. S. Carnlglia, K. Rogson and E. J.
Dupuy, heads of departments in the boys'
classes. The following committees were
in charge: . .
Miss Nancy Hooper. Miss Nonie Hooper. Miss
Gabrielle Koger. Miss Ethel Kentfield. Miss
Llstette Peterson. Mi?s . Constance Steel. Miss
Kenny Calkins Johnson. Miss Joan Baruch,
Miss Adrlenne Lesser, Miss Elsie Fuendellng,
Misn Elizabeth Gardiner. i
The hall was decorated with garlands
of white and red roses. There was a
splendid exhibition of wood carving, free
hand drawing, modeling and so forth.' k
Arthur Ellert rendered a mandolin solo
and Miss Josie Leszynsky and Miss Vivian
Baldwin performed on the piano. ;
The Polytechnic High School girls were
hostesses yesterday between .the hours of
3:15 and 6 at a tea in the school a.udi
torium. Mayor Schmitz and the members
of the Board of Education were among
the guests. - . .
POLYTECHNIC
HIGH SCHOOL
GIRLS RECEIVE
Last night another meeting of the ex
ecutive " committee • was held for the pur
pose of discussing the criticisms that
have been made concerning its action of a
week ago. . Resolutions were . finally
drawn, commencing, "Whereas, . in view
of certain misstatements made by W. N.
Harris and the press of the San Joaquin
Valley," and further explaining that false
Impressions have arisen as to Fresno's
attitude toward the valley association
and its Los Angeles work. The resolution
shows that Harris' explanations . were not
considered as entirely satisfactory and
just what his future relations with tho
executive committee .will be is a matter
of speculation. ¦
Harris was as much surprised as the
committeemen. He stated that the letter
had been written as a private . one to
Brown and he had never expected it. Jo be
published. He had anticipated no trouble
from it and had merely intended itTas a
piece of diplomacy to conciliate the Stock
ton people in case any future opportunity
for co-operation should arise.
In a Stockton paper of last Saturday
appeared a letter written by .Harris to
Brown, stating that the action -of the
Fresno chamber had been' contrary to his
advice and that in spite of his efforts to
keep her in line, this county: had "slopped
over.". He said he had grown tired of
trying to keep Fresno lined up, but would*
make one more attempt to get the local
chamber to reconsider its action. The let
ter* was a great surprise "to the other
members of the executive committee, who
yesterday held a meeting and demanded
an explanation from Harris.
, On May 14 the executive committee here
decided to sever connection with the Los
Angeles bureau on July 1, the time at
which the original agreement expired. A
whirlwind- of criticism frouaail-partsiof
the valley followed and the Fresno Cham
ber of Commerce and Fresno County in
general have been -accused of all sorts "of
things, by every paper from Stockton to
Bakersfield. . • -. r v: <
The matter grew out of Fresno's with
drawal a week ago from the work of the
San Joaquin Valley Commercial Associa
tion in ¦ Los Angeles. When the local
chamber first agreed to assist in the work
it was with the understanding that it
should be continued for six months. The
chamber's executive committee has long
been satisfied that the Los Angeles
scheme is not accomplishing as much
good for Fresno as. could be accomplished
with the same amount of money expended
along other lines. 'Harris has been one of
the most ardent advocates of Fresno's
dropping the valley association's Los An
geles work, which he said was en
tered Into merely because of "sentiment"
felt by Fresno toward the other counties.
FRESNO, May 22.— W. N. Harris, who
has been prominently identified wltK the
work of the Fresno Chamber of Com
merce for some time, is at present in hot
water with the executive committee of
that body over a letter written by him. to
Secretary Brown of the Stockton Chani-!
ber of Commerce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In appointing White the court held that
as representatives of; the -society for the
protection of children formerly looked out
for the Aliens, White-was their logical
guardian and was better fitted than Mrs.
Biter to care for them.' " .¦**¦- v y ¦ • .—,,
j Secretary White is the fifth of the
guardians the children have had in the
last five years. They were first under the
care of Charles P. Welsh, who surren
dered them to W. P. Parnell. Parnell
turned them over to Mrs. Lydia Prescott.
v/ho placed them in the custody of Mrs.
Biter, who cared for them on her farm in
Marln County until White raided the
place and tried to take them from^her.
In his complaint against Mrs. Biter
White alleged that the farm was dirty
and poorly kept, and that Mrs. Biter was
not a fit person to have the custody of the
children. He also claimed that, as the
Biters were vegetarians and gave their
charges only cereals and vegetables to
eat, the little ones were not properly
nourished. \ • ,
Secretary M. J. "White of the . Califor
nia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children was appointed guardian of
Phoebe, Echo and Nellie Allen in Depart
ment 9 of the Superior Court yesterday.
The appointment is the culmination of a
three years' struggle for the custody of
the children waged by White and Mrs.
Catherine J. Biter of Marin County.
The delegates to the national convention
of Horseshoers' Unions enjoyed a trip on
the bay yesterday: An enjoyable day was
spent in viewing the features of interest
along the water front. •
The members of the District Council of
the Brotherhood of Carpenters and Join
ers met last night and discussed the de
cision of Judge Seawell. McCarthy's vic
tory was not regarded as a decisive blow
to the brotherhood men in the fight they
arc- waging. Encouraging reports from
outside unions were received.
My conclusion is that the defendants had a
legal right to organize for the purposes stated
in tile constitution of the Building Trades Coun
cil and that plaintiff is not entitled to an in
junction.
I do not find that defendants threaten to In
terfere with the members of Local 483, other
wise than by refasing to work with them upon
any building bo long as they do not possess the
v.orking card of the council. It is contendea
on the part of the plaintiff that the council
constitutes an unlawful combination and con
spiracy in' restraint of" trade and _ commerce
within the meaning of the act of Congress en
titled "An act to protect trade and commerce
against unlawful restraints an<J monopolies."
Th'e court considered the evidence, and
in his summary says:
Judge Seawell decided yesterday that
P. IT. McCarthy and the Building Trades
Council, of which he is president, are not
prejudiced against W. A. Cole and the
United Brotherhood . of Carpenters and
Joiners No. 483, and refused to issue an
Injunction restraining McCarthy and the
council from boycotting the plaintiff.
Judge Seawell holds that the defendants
have not combined against -Cole and his
fellow plaintiffs to prevent them from
working at their trade and have not en
tered into a conspiracy for the purpose of
doing the plaintiffs any injury.
Cole's organization, now known as
Union No. -483 of the United Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners, is not affiliated
with the Building Trades Council, having
withdrawn from that body in July, 1901,
subsequently becoming a member of the
United Brotherhood. The members of the
council refused to work with them there*,
after, thereby, alleged Cole, making it al
most impossible for the. members of his
organization to earn a living.
Judge Seawell says:
Court Appoints M. J.
White as Guardian of
• Allen Children.'
Fresno Chamber of Com
merce Member Stirs
Sensation.
Building Trades Council
Wins in Suit of the
Carpenters.
REFUSES COLE
AN INJUNCTION
TAKES CHILDREN
FROM MRS. BITER
AROUSES IRE
OF MERCHANTS
TJULE SAIN JfKAiiNUlSUy; UAIjJj, ¦-Jc"ii^VJ\*^M-J±Y:;:^3,>,:liy{)2«
11
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points
C. S. CRANE, O. P. & T. A St., 8t. Louis Mo
¦ Ie KOgS C. CLINE. P. C>P. A.. LoTad^
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
($29 KKAK.N Y ST. Established
in 1S34 for the treatment of I'rlvnta
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
diM>as<> wearlngon hodyand mlnilaurt
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. t'hargt* low.
<'ar<>>Kuaraii(rfil. Oill or write.
Dr. JT. *'. UIBBOM, baa Francisco, CaL *
PERSONALS. "• I
VI A VI has been manufactured for over filteen \
years; it curet! hunurtas o" aillne women in |
*!:s first year and has cured thourands of suf. j
;*rfrs every year r'.nce: bocklet for mothers i
»:id dsushters mailed free. The Viavl Co.. <
;m-i.-S Van Ness ave.; phone East 282. San
/ Francisco.
AJ 1 " f lepar.t line cf remnants for suits to order.
T" r> : with these cuits we make an extra pair
'.' pants Tree of charse: other suits on install-
rrtnts-. ?1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
n.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SPKCIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
JI week: ladies' tailor made suits, skirts.
thirtwaiFts. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
fuits. overcoats, hate; call, open account at
cur new store. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason.
ELKCTRIC liRht In eiery rocni — Winchester
Hotel. 4* Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms
25c to fl SO jx-r night: SI 60 to 96 per week-
i'.** '*>u« an<l bagrage to and from the ferry.
>— 1VKAT do ycu think? O. BERMAN 48
E!liy. makes colored shirts to order; $1 each-
mm*- es white rhlrts: selection 300 patterns.
¦WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL— Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage ee-
curee one. Williams & Co.. 140 G«ary Bt., S.F.
ENGINEERS an«i railroad men can find Car,
£*^i'f union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELU & HO MAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum Vol. 2.
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sanwrne St.. sV F.
NOW ready— June styles Standard Patterns:
•11 the newest designs for summer goods J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market gt.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suite, overcoats
and trou«ers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 M&rket at.
-\iONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
J diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Bt.
LIQUOR habit— A new. safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. Q. box 552. San Joae, Cal.
LATEST styles of hair dressing from Parts;
hair work a specialty: hair dressing, any
rtylc, 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny ct.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dreee pants. ?2 75. MISFIT -
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — If your hair is tailing or you are bald, call on
Dr.Q.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles. etc,»permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook. 426 Sutter.
SPANISH lessons and translations. 513 McAi-
llster et. -
"SCPTURE cured : no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE *uits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing ParJcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter st. ¦
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brigge — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism. etc 233 Greary.r.27.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traveree,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural coicr; $1; at all druggists*.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
, instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
» MAEQUEKADE cortumet" play books, wigs;
v country enters. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tte
frret corn <-ur#. 2Sc: all druggists.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER to assist in well-paying, well-estab-
lished lirht manufacturing business; good
opportunity for an earnest, energetic man; ¦
no humbug; can see for yourself; short hours;
cash business; pays well. Call at 1297 Foi-
fom !»t.. from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.. Sunday,
tar particulars. _-- j
WANT partner with S500; rtraierht business;
Tartre profit: fro^vd salary. Box 429 CalL
nr«, RSTATE CTTY FOR SAXR.
(45GQ — TO prevent foreclosure, at a sacrifice;
lot 25x50; improvements two-story house of
s rooms on Fillmore st., near corner of
Height. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-;
goir.rry St.. room 3.
s FrxXT rooms and bath; hot and cold water
end ?as < furnished) and occupied: wishes .to
sell immediately: a good chance to whoever
it vi:i suit: will be sold cheap. 174 Perry Bt.
HOUSES — New and up-to-date; if you are look-
ing for something nice, containing 7 to 8
rooms; Castro and 20th sts.; good view of
city. Apply on premises.
BARGAIN" — Lot 2Tixl.37:6: 3 beautiful flats; weU
rpr:t<>>3: mrwr's departure. 830 Haight gt.
KEAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best tor pcuitry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and Information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for eale and exchange; unimproved lands In
laiTge and small tracts In Alameda, San Joa-
<juin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARE, Realty and Min-
/ ing Co.. 713 Market, r. 40C; teL James 4121.
* EASSTA CLARA County; 4-room house; lot 212
¦. x258; 1 cow; 1 horse and wagon; 50 pigs-
250 chickens, all sixes: 100 laying hens; all
for $1500. A. C. BERGER, Gllroy. Cal.
Eanta Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 MarkeC S. F.. & San £
COLONT tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
b«?r. mliws. EMMON'S & SON. Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— Berkeley real estate for cash; make
44% gal? office* """^ Y ' E ' N - *»•
WANTED — To rent small milk ranch; good lo-
cation; or poultry. Box 449. Call office. •
ci-rrjoFjaicHMOND.
OFFICIAL map of the City of Richmond
mailed free. RICHMOND LAND CO. (tacT).
182 Crocker building. San Francisco. **" w>
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3 P?T^ VERTpretty cottage of 6 rooms and
bath In the Daley Scenic Park; large lot-
fine view; a bargain. JOS. J. MASON Real
Estate, Berkeley Station. «n">^. «eai
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience bath
etc; easy payment*. MURDOCK. B14* Plnel
Mill Yalley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE, 6 roonw and bath, unXurnlBhed, up-
et&irs. S rooms below; in fine condition; «un
all day; large lot; stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot; $17 50
per month by the year. S. H. ROBERTS.
R*al Estate. Mill Valley. CaL /
2 UNFURNISHED bouses, one S rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades; suitable for hotel pur-
poses; sunny; to rent by the season or year.
S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
ESTATE-
tn t*if-t Oakland; situated on the lake shore-
ritrnt party. Inquire of B H Wijm *,
CO., Fifth ave. and Ea^t Elght'eenth^t *
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
iTTRNTTUREgoodanT^cheap^toir^nonth vT
6CHELLHAAB. 408 Eleventh^
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 21, 1902: Notice
—As to-day the pool expires on all promoters'
stock in THE BALSAM MINING & MILL-
ING CO.. the public is hereby warned against
purchasing any stock claimed to be ownM
by one A. A. NICKERSON JR. Any oni
purchasing such stock do so at their own
risk, as said A. A. NICKERSON JR. Is not
entitled to any stock in eald company. By
order of the board of directors of the Balsam
Mining & Milling Co.
• S. F. BULLARD. President.
M. H. RODMAN, Secretary pro tern.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenams~ejected "f or ft; collections made":
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECT-ON
CO.. 416 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 65S0.
¦.Jbcm "Follow
J&SL'the"
WabkshLine
TO NEW YORK CITYr
A«k Agents for Particulars.
EXCESS FARE
AND YOU DO NOT " PAY
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC^
Trains leave anil are due to arrive at ¦ .': '
SAN FRANCISCO. •>'.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street ) .
lsats — From Apbil 20, 1302. — aebitm "
7.00a Benicla. Suisun. illmtra and Sacra- ~""
tuent> A 6.55f
7.00a Vacavllle, Winters. Ramsey- 7.55I-
7.30a Martinez, S «n Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Callstoga, Santa Rosa 6-2Sp
8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing. )
Marysville, Ororille 755p
8.00a Atlantic Express— Osden and East. 8.25*
8.00a Mies. Lathrop. Stockton 725f
8.00a Xiles. Menduta, Haoford, Vlsalla,
Porteirllle ....". 4-55*' ¦
8.30a Sbaata Express — Daria. Williams
(for Bartlett Spring*}, Willows, , .
Red Blnff, Portland 7.55* "
8.30a San Jose. Livermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle, . r*
I MarysYille. Cnic^, Red B'.nff 4.25» '
8.30a Oakdale.Chlnese.Sonora.Tuolumne 4-25?
9.CQa Vallejo , 12.25f
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez.
Tracy. Lmthrop.Stocfctoa,MerceO.
Kaymond.Fresau and Los Angeles 8.25 a
9.30a Vallejo,Martlaez and Way Stations 755p .
tl 0.00a Hay ward. Nilcs and Way SUtlons.t12.55r
10. CO a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5-25p
tl .OOp Sacramento Rlrcr Steamers... tl 1 .OOP
3. OOp Benlcia, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marysville. Orovllle 10.55a
' 3-30p Hayward, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7.55p
4.00p Martinez. Saa Kiimon.Vallejo.Napa,
Calistoga, Santa Rosa 9. 25a
4-OOp Kites, Livermore, Stockton, Lodi.. 12.25?
4.30p Hayward.NHes.SaaJose.Llvermore t8.55A
4-30p The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare.
Bakersueld, Saagns tor Santa .. •
Barbara, Los AngelC9 8.55a
6. OOp PortCosU,Tracy,Lathrop,Stocktcra 10.25a
5-OOp Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25*
t5.30r Niles Local....; 725a
6.00p Hsyward, Xlles and San Joae. 7.55a
tB.OOP Vairejo 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Otnatw, St. Louis, ChlcaKo 4.25*
7-OOp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez ¦•»
and Way Stations 11.25a
t74J0> Vallejo 765P
8-05p Oreson & California Express — Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Redding,
Portland. Pitffet Sound and East. 8.55a
t9.1flp Hay ward and X lies.. t11.55A
COAST LINE (>«rrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) V
J7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion $8.05?
8.15a Newark, -CentervlUe, San Jose. -..:-. ,:''
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations S58r
t2.15P Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
Xew Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal . ,
Way Stations 10.50* .
4.1 5p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t8.60*
64.15P San Jose. Los Gacoa. Santa Cruz... c8-60a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKANC1SCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip S)
— tT:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 5.15P.M. '
From OAKLAXD, Foot of Broadway — 16:0> J8:0O
t3:05 10:00 a ji. 1200 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad 6a BI5 e).
(Third >hd Townsend Streets.) •_
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
t7-00A San Jose and Way Stations. +800a
7.00a New Almaden........... y4.10»-
17.15a Monterey Excursion J8.3O
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gl'.roy, Sallna*. San Lnls Oblspo. ,- ¦,;
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles aad
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
OCOa San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz. -
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Lnls
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.1 0» -
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8 38*
11.30a San Jose and ~v7 ay Stations 9.46a
a1.30P Sau Jose and Way Stations a7.00» '
t2.45r San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres ;.
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey aad Pacific
Grove t10.45*
3-30P San Jo«e. Del Monte. Pacific Grove. *¦
Santa Cruz and Way Stations T.ZQr
t4.15r San Joae and PrincipalWay Stations 530?
t5.00r Sun Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
WayStatlons — t9.00A'"
5.30p San Jose aad PrincipalWay Stations 6-30*
B.30p San Jose and Way Stations 7 ZZt \
7.00? Xew Orleans Express— San Lnls
Oblspo, Santa, Barbara, Los An- '..^
reles, Demlng. El Paso, New
Orleans and East. 1031*
•11 .45p San J.o»e and Way Stations
A~ for Morning. P for Afternoon. •*
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only. \
• Saturday and . /Tuesday and Friday. -"*
Sunday only.
• _ • _ ''
Santa Fe
Trains-baiiy. S|
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'dtOvrldi Local
Daily Daily I Daily 1 Daily
Lsr. San Fran 7:20 a O:0Oa 8:0O p 4:20 p .•
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12-25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:30 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalla... 3:2>p R:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a ......
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30a
•• Chicago 2:15p|9:0Op
a for morning, p for afternoon.
0:C0 a. m. train ia the California Limited,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond*
Ing: train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrivea.at 12:30
p. m. daily. •• *.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and i
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.'
dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points tn San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Cf flees — 611 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,:
Oakland. ' ¦
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN U. CO
- LiESSESS ,/'
SA3 fBANCiSGa AHJ N03TJ PAC1F15;
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market Si.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. ra.. Thursdays — Extra trip* J
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m,; 1:30. 3:30.
6:C0. 6:20 p. m. jr?
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. fl:20. 11:13
a. m. ; 12:60. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0o. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40, A
4:55. 8:05, 6:25 p. m. n
Leave I In Effect I Arrive .: '
San Francisco] May 4. 1902. ISan Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destina- j Sun- I Wees.
Days. I days. | tion. [ days. { Days.
7:3Ga 8:00 a Ignacio 9:10 at 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 all0:20»
5:10 p 6:00 p Novato 6:09 pi 6:20 p> -
. 7:35 pf -.'7.
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 110:40 a 8:40a
3:30 p ft:30a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa. | 7:35 p 6:30 p.,
Fulton . '
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:10 a --t
Lytton .^,
Geyservtlle .4^
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:35 p 6:29 p
7:3(7 al 8:00 al Hopiand 110:40 a]10:20 a.
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Pklah j 7:35 p| 6:20p-;
7:30al8:OOa| Wllllts | 7:35 p| 6:20 p,
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevllTe I 7:35 p'10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 pj 110:40 a| 6:20 t>
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma 1 9:10 at 8:40 a'
6:10 p| 5:00 F| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 o
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p-
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at -
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Booneville: at
Hopiand for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.'
Kels*yviU-. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlrty
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake Pomo.
Potter Valley, Joftn Day's, Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr^s
Hot Springs, Half-way House. Comptelje. '.
Camp Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort •
Bragg. Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Sher-
wood Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvlile. Cummings,
Bcll'c' Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
boyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market .street. Chronicle -
building. .-'•"
H. C. WHITINO. K. X. RTAJf,
Grn. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. :
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry"! Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- rb . SMru .^^^ Sun- Week
D^ys. days. .^^ L*Ht 2*7*
9:30a. 8:00 a. _^» wtona^ i«m .* xa> l'-^r. 91oa.
i-aft: -Tirdaanmipw-
\..:.-.. 2:30 P. OtntliOimymf^ni. 8:15 P.|....._. *
SIMMTS01LI-t""TwtT.ft^>» «irtT 0 S««rr»«rt«>HJ»r. ~
twh« o«»««. «a MAatrr uraxET *mi gACSAUto next.'
Weekly Call,$i.G0 per Year
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Perry,
. . Commencing April 27 Vwi
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL* VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. A * M '*'*
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. »7:45, ,8:45, 9:30 1100
a. m., 12:20, «1:45. 3:15, 4\l5. 5:15. •6O5
6:46, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS — 7:00, 8:00, »9:00 *10-00 11-Oft
11:30 a. m.. 12:30, •1:30. 2:30, »3:45. 5-00 6 : oo
7:30, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. ..- ' "•""•
Trains marked* (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40, 8:15 •9-30
11:00 a. m., 12:25. 2:15, •3:30, 4:40 5-3& « : 45
10:16 p. m. ' J '
SUNDAYS— 6:00, »8:0a. 8:30. *ll-00 a. m
•12:00 m., 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:13. «5.« «•«
7:30, 10:l& p. m. * s> o# * a -
Trains marked (?) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40, 7:45 8:25 n^45
11:10 a. m.,«l2:35, 2:45. 3:50 5:10 5:20* 7 : io
10:15 p. m. * '
SUNDAYS— B:30, 7:55, 10:05, ll:lff-a. m
12:16. 1:20, 2:30. 3:45, 5:00. 6:05. 7:15. lolio
P ' "" THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations..
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. . \ ¦ -... ¦
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. .
EAILWAT TEAVEL.
j^ noOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. j
AKXEL and solar "flats." 525-331 Turk— Hot and |
cold water baths, elect! ie lights free: fur- ;
nithed or unfur.: ' tel. Eist 312. Sutter 41. |
J BELL (The), 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with
; kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to ?20. /
EDDY. 207—2 nicely furnished sunny house-
¦ , keeping rooms; gas or coal stove; $16 month.
! EDDY. 217 — Furnished rooms, double and sin-
i etc. $1 50 up; gas; phone; transient.
I FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— S10; 3 large sun-
ry unfurnished rooms; nice yard. -
FOLSOM, 834 — Bay-window and kitchen, bath:
also three furnished; separate or all together.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C22— Sunny front bay-
vrlnfiow suite: 2 or 3 rooms; gas range, bath.
HAYES, 138, corner Van Ness ave. — Large
sunny room; rent $9. . . . ¦ •,
STARKET. 1538. near Eighth— 2 sunny front
connecting rooms, $15; or 4 rooms, water,
sink, $20..
MISSION. 862. near Fifth — Sunny bay-window
I furnished housekeeping suite; gas stove; $18.
NINETEENTH. 3439. bet. Mission and Valen-
1 cla — Two large sunny rooms, ror light hkpg.,
i furnished; bath and nice yard; rent reasble.
SEVENTH. 28 — Nicely furnished sunny suite,'
$16; also eunny rooms with range, $8.
SEVENTH. 17S — Two large nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; stationary tubs;
large yard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmnr?.
UOOMS TO LET— Furn. and Viifarn.
A^G^^Holteir^^^cATister^Newrrfegan't!
sunny; 75c day upward: McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Sunny rms.; single, double: mod. conven'ces.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 142C Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1610%— Nice large furnished room;
suitable for two gentlemen; $8 month.
- CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elegantly
furnished . sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 3— Sunny furnished rooms, $150 up
week.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c.
tl 60 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single: travelers accommodated.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$150 nlght; ( $175 to $5 week; reading room. ¦
JESSIE, 3C3, r.r. Fifth and Market— Furnished
• room, $4 per month.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elee. lights; day, week, mo.
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c tc $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
'floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN CARLOS ave.. 2ft4 — Sunny frotjt room,
suitable for lady; phone; bath; priv. family.
SEVENTH. 28 — Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window room. $10-$12; also housekeeping rms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call-branch office. 2200 Fillmore. j
ROOMS AND . BOARD.
CORBIN, The, 836 gutter St.. corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
cults; all sunny; table first claas.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH," 312 Eddy St.— Select family feotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
VAN NESS. 819 — Handsome furnished sunny
\ Euites; single rooms; first-class table board.
I IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
suite cr single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 , Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
ROOMS WAXTEp/
WANTED — For housekeeping purposes. 3 or 4
furnished or unfurnished rooms (carpeted in
any event), within limits Eddy, Sutter,
Leavenworth, Polk; references; terms; per- '
manent. F. E. H.. 800 Larkln st.
gEWIJVG MACHINES AAD SUPPLIES.
ATX kinds bcugbt. sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates, Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard . "^2«4. 145 Sixth.
STORA^E^Ayp WAREHOPSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co of-
flce Post and Powell ets.: tcl. Priv. Ex. 871.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission gt.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market #i.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
prny. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2*11.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^Tre
sell better machines for less money than any
house in tbe city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California; telephone Main 268.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITI.\G & MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies. 2c; mlm-
*ocraphlttg. »27 Markt. rm. 305; Howard 153».
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal. May 20,
1902.— Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Friday, June 6th, 15)02, Pacific Standard time,
and then opened, for furnishing Jean Draw-
ers, -Light Weight Wool Stockings, Woolen
Drawers, Campaign Hats, Regulation Muslin
Shirts,- Chambray Shirts, Heavy Wool Stock-"-
ings. Cotton Undenshirts, Wool Undershirts,
Light Weight Collarettes and Wool Under-
shirts. Heavy Weight Collarettes, Russet
Shoes, Black Calfskin Shoes, Waist Belts,
Linen Collars and Ponchos. Quantities to be
subject to an Increase of 20 per cent. If desir-
ed by this Department. Bids will be opene.1
for the delivery of the same articles at
either the San Francisco. Boston. Chicago and
Philadelphia depots. To avoid misunder-
standing as to the exact nature of the ar-
ticles to be furnished, bidders will carefully
examine the standard samples and specifi-
cations, so that .proposals may be submitted
by Inezn with yfull knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
the standards and specifications will be in-
sisted upon in the Inspection of the goods.
Unguaranteed bids, and bids upon samples
differing from standards and specifications,
will, under no circumstances, be entertained.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
Inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state In their
proposals the rate and time of delivery,
should contract be awarded to them. The
articles advertised for are the same for
which bids will be opened at the other de-
pots. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal, (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there
The United States reserves the right to accept
<>r reject any cr all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on apllcatlon. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 4034," and addressed to Major C. P.
Miller, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. .
PROPOSALS for coal — Office of General Su-
perintendent, Army Transport Service, San
Francisco, Cal., May 19, 1902. — Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing and deliv-
ering at Honolulu. H. T., ten thousand tons
average Steam Coal, -or such portion thereof
as may be required, will be received at this
office until 12 m.. June 20, 1902. and >, then
opened. • Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Coal for Hono-
lulu," and addressed to C. A. DEVOL, Gen-
eral Superintendent. ¦^ ¦-
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
John W. Havens, 42, Berkeley, and Gertrude
Goewey, 2L city.
Samuel Morris, 25. 123l£ Fell street,- and
Cora Burrows, 19, 4076 Nineteenth street.' .
¦ Maurice E. Shannon, 25, 431 Ivy avenue, and
Hannah Weinbere, 22, 355 Clementina street.
Robert Mirowsky. 34, city, and Fannie Bo-
eenthal, 34, city.
Del leva n D. Johnson, 23, 509 Jones street,
and Lorlce C. McColIum, 19, Los Angeles i "¦
Edward M. Huson. 21, Sacramento, and
Teddy Hart. 17, 514 Eddy street.
Jacob Corinson. 42. 1«7« Pacific avenue, and
Alvine Beck. 26. 1751 Ellis street.
Samuel Rosencrantz. 26, 252 Fourth street
and He>cne Ncuman. 26, 404 Franklin street." '
Thomas A. Barker, 29, 804% Folsom Street,
and Annie B. Nlhil. 20. 804% Folsom street.
James H. Shirley, 46, Stockton, and Bell
Logsdon, 36, Stockton.
-' Rafaelo Maesonl. 28, city, and Lorenzlna
Vannucci. 24, city. ,
BIRTHS-MARBIAFtES-BEAM
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
1 mall will not be Inserted. They must be hnndfcd
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence I of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.—
V - BORN.
ASHER— In this city. May 13, 1002, to the
wife of Dan ABher, a daughter.
HA YUEN— In this city. May 17. 1902, to the
wife of James Hayden, a daughter.
MIDDLEMAS— In Alameda, May 22, 1902, to
the wife of Harold Mlddlemas. a daughter.
EVANS — SCHUEPP — In this city)" May 21.
1902, by the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell. Wesley D.
Evans of Auburn, Cal., and Hermina
Schuepp of Stockton, Cal.
JURGENS— CARLSON— In this city. May 21,
1902, by the Rev. J. O. Wahlberg, Richard
Junrens and Amelia Caroline Carlson, both
of San Francisco.
ROSS — COTTLE — In this city.' May 5. 1002,
by the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell. Andrew Ross
and Zoe A. Cottle, both of Haywards, Ala-
meda County. Cal. ' x V
* DIED.
Armstrong, Mary A. McKay, Ellen
Bailey. Benjamin l\ McKay. Sarah
Bennetts. Lillian M. Merani. Emilio
Borchers, Augusta J. Murphy, Morris
Coughlan, Kate Poole, Mary
Devine, Francis P.' Rosstte, Marie J.
Fischer, Margaret Russell, George Y.
Garassino. Kate E. Saul, Rosina- .
Graham, Charlotte C. Scammon. JeffergDn
Hobbose. Julia V. Taylor, Ellen
j Indergand, Frank Thompson, Sylvester
Kirkpatrlck. Maewell Williams, Ellen
j McFeely, Alphonsus !
ARMSTRONG— In this city. May 22, 1902,
Mary . A. Armstrong, .. beloved mother of
Thomas R. and the late John and Richard
Donahue, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), nt 9 o!clock, from her late resi-
dence, 912 Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
. BAILEY — In tMs city, May 22, 1902. Benja-
min P. Bailey, beloved son of Rev. and
Mrs. B. H. Bailey of 'Maiden, Mass., and ;
brother of H. H. Bailey and Mrs. -¦ A. J.
Lewis of Boston, Mass., aged 28 years. -
BENNETTS— In this city. May 22, 1902, Lil-
lian M., beloved daughter of James V. and
Mary J. Bennetts, and sister of Mabel and
Alice Bennetts, a native of Grass Valley.
BORCHERS-^In this ctty. May 22, 1902, Au-
gusta J.. dearly beloved wife of Theo. W.
Borchers, mother of Mrs. E. Woenne Jr. and
Herrman and Ferdinand Borchers, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Louise Relnhardt and Diedrich,
Louis, Emil and Ferdinand Ahlers, a native
of Oldenburg, Germany, aged 44 years 6
months and 24 days.
COUGHLAN— In this city. May 22, 1902, Kate,
beloved wife of Patrick Coughlan, and lov-
ing mother of Nora Maria. John Francis,
Daniel Joseph and James Coughlan, a na- ;
tlve of the parish of Desert Sergeo, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 50 yean and 6 months.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors '
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street, i
thence to St. John's Church, Mission road,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 :30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEVINE— In Napa, May 21, 1902, FrancU P.,
beloved husband of Rosanna Devine, a na-
tive of Dublin, Ireland, -aged 55 years. (Dub-
lin, Ireland, papers please copy.) ¦ ;
CyThe funeral will take place to-day j
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of i
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
'terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers."
FISCHER— In this city, May 20, 1902, Mar-
garet, beloved mother of Henry A. Fischer
of Stockton, Cal., Mrs. Margaret Moore and '
E. E. and A. J. Fischer and the late Mrs.
F. R. Leeper of Angels Camp, a native of
Germany, aged 72 years 1 month and 23
days. '
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 23, 1902, at 1 o'clock, at the Emmanuel
Baptist Church, Bartlett street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GARASSINO — In Ocean View. May 22, 1902,
Kate Eleanor. - dearly beloved daughter of
the late Steohen and Benedetta Garassino,
and loving sister of Nicholas, John, Pauline,
Frank and Dominic Garassino, Mrs. Lizzie
Dondero. Mrs. Louise de Martini, Mrs. Clara
Binsacea and the late Mary Garassino, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years 2
months and 16 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-motxow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 194 Farraurut street, between Wyo-
ming and Huron. Ocean View, thence to St. \
Michael's Church. .Ocean View, where a high i
mass wllL be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock, thence
leaving church at 1 o'clock for. interment at
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
ORAHAM— In Sausalito. May 22, 1902, Char-
lotte C. beloved wife of the late Robert J.
Graham, and mother of Mrs. William B.
Fielding, Mrs. Louis H. Sage and John N.
and Robert J. Graham, a native of West
Troy. N. Y.. aged 69 years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 10:30 o'clock, from her late residence in
Sau8alito. Interment Cyprees Lawn Ceme-
tery, via electric funeral car from ferry.
HOBBOSE — Near Berkeley, May 22, 1902, Julia
Violet, beloved daughter of Julia A. and the
late W. J. E. Hobbose. and sister of Mrs.
. W. S. Alger and the late Fred and Eugene
Hobbose, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 10 months and 8 days.
INDERGAND — In Colma, May 22, 1902
Frank, youngest and beloved son of John
and Clara Indergand, and brother of Ernest
and Margaret Indereand, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 3 months' and 23
• days.
KIRKPATRICK — In Los Gates, Cal., May 22,
1902, Maewell Ktrkpatrlck of London, Eng-
land, aged 61 years 9 months and 21 days.
JET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral at 2
o'clock, Friday, May 23, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. I. Tobln, Los Gatos, Cal.
Interment In Los Gatos Cemetery.
McFEELY — In this city, .May 22, 1902- Al-
phonsus Joseph, dearly beloved son of
Charles and Mary A. McFeely. brother of
Grace, J.'Harold, Charles and Kathryn Mc-
Feely, and grandson of Michael and the late
Kathryn Lydon and John and Graee Mc-
Feely. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 9 months and 20 days. -
(CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 656 Lombard street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKAY— In this city, May 22, 1902, Ellen,
beloved wife of Robert McKay, a native of
County Waterford, Ireland, aged 70 years.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 875 Bryant street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
commenclns at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McKAY— In this city, May 22, 1902," at her
residence, 529 Arkansas street, Sarah be-
loved, wife of the late Nell McKay, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 75 years.
MERANI— In this city, May 21, 1902, Emilio
Merani. beloved sen of Lazzaro and Glulla
Merani. and brother of Mra. Enerichetta Fer-
rea, Mrs. Mary Cervelli and Joseph Merani
a native of Italy, aged 48 years. ~ '
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl-
. dence, 525. Green street. Interment New
Italian Cemetery. — , v ,
MURPHY— May 21, 1902, Morris Murohy, be-
loved husband of Julia Murphy, father -of
Margaret and Edward Murphy, and brother
of Mrs. Nellie Withfleld, a native of New
York, aged 34 years.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tt> attend the funeral Saturday
morning, May 24, 1902, at 8:30 o'clock, from
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
' dertaking Company. 2475 Mlmion street near
Twenty-first, thence to St.. Paul's Church
corner Twenty-ninth and Church streets
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemeterv.
POOCE— In this city, \May 21. 1902 Mary
beloved wife of the late William Poole a
native of County Meath, Ireland, aged 72
years. (New York and Newport, R. I p a --
pern please copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11C4 McAllister street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher V :
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMErV
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80. ,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street..
Telephone Bush 387.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J '
. McBrearty. . with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission- st., between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. '
A UNITED UraERTAifUBRsi
I Z7 »»u! 19 Fifth St. Tel. South to? I i
I PWERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.*
I "»"' Equjpmgnt at Moderate Rates. ¦
|||M|pll^il|l Wlr. 1
8 •:¦•-. ¦;:'; < . .p ; Friday and until sold > Y^Sf •§
8 • $5.00. we will offer $5.00. I
| $7.50 SILK ETONS (Like cut) ..... ..... $5.00 I
§ $7.50 CLOTH JACKETS (Like cut) ,....:. $5.00 8
I § Made pf Kersey and Covert Cloths in Tans, Cas- 8
g tors and Black. . . 8
I $10.00 MOIRE BOX COATS . . . . ... . . ..... $7.50 I
g 27-inch Coat with bell sleeve. • - %
8 $10.00 BLOUSE ETONS, with Peplum ..... ... .... $7.50 |
% ¦ Silk-faced, roll Collar. • . »
§ $15.00 MOIRE BLOUSE.. ..... . . . .... . . . . . . $10.00 |
I $20.00 PEAU DESOIE ETONS ............... $15.00 |
§ '¦ " With Belt and Peplum, Sailor Collar, appliqued g
with lace over satin.
• tT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-,
dence, 159 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 0:80 oVlock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. • ¦ ...
1CT Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), : at
1:30 o'clock, from the funeral narlora "of
Bunker & Lunt, 2G66 Mission street, between
Twenty-sacond and Twenty-third,. .Mission
Masonic Temple. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In San Jose, Ellen, beloved wife of
Joseph v Taylor, a native of Scotland, aged 70
.years. ' : . .' \ , . ,--.
THOMPSON— In this city, May 22,r.l902. Syl-
vester Thompson, a native of- New vYork,
a;ed G5 years. ¦ ¦ \ . •
"WILLIAMS— In this city. May 21, 1902, Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Frank J. Williams,
daughter of Mary and the late Joseph Mona-.
han, «.nd sister of John Monahan, a -native
of San Francisco. ; • - ¦:., ..S. -;.
IC?Friends,and acquaintances are respect-
fully. . invited to attend the. funeral ¦ Friday,
at 1 :30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. \ " • ¦ ".. .
SCAMMON— In this city. May 22, 1002, Jeffer-
son H., beloved husband of Anna Scammon,
and father of Leland S. • Scammon, a native
of Maine, aged 76 years 8 months and 19
days. •'. ¦•¦-.- • '¦• ¦ - ¦ .
CTThe funeral will take 'place to-day
(Friday), at 30 o'clock, . from the residence of
his rjarents. 57 Erie street, between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth,' Mission and Howard.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ¦• , :, ...
SAUL— In this city. May 21, 1902, Rosina, be T
loved wife of the late John Saul, and mqther
of J. T. Saul. Mrs. George Makinson and
the late Marearet Allen Saul and Alice May
Conklin, a native of England, aged 66 years
.10 months and 28 days. >¦ , ¦¦' .
. (C?"Friend3 and acquaintances are; respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, May 23, at 2 o'clock, at her late
. residence, 1720 Baker street. Interment ' Pre-
x sidio National Cemetery. . :...:'
RUSSELL— In this city. May 21, 1902, George
Y.. beloved, son ofWilliam and E. Russell,
and brother of Mrs. John W, Platt, Mr?.
Alexander M. Maclerman . and . Mrs.. Harry
Leader, a native J of - : Marysville, j Cal.i aged
35 years and 7 months. ¦ / -*\.. : -
commencing at 9:30 o'clock.'. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. . ¦'.;, . ¦ . ¦- .'.' '.¦¦
RO3KTTE— In this city, May 20. 5 1002, Marie
Josephine, beloved daughter of Mary E. and
.the late John E.; Rosette, and sister of Mrs.
Annie E. Bennett, Mrs. . A. G. ¦ Hennisee and
Mrs. L.' H. Rupksr, a .native . of Illinois.
(Springfield. 111., papers please copy.) . ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.GROCERY CLERK WHO KILLED HIMSELF, THE YOUNG GIRL WHO
WAS WITH HIM A FEW SECONDS .BEFORE HE COMMITTED THE
RASH ACT, AND HIS EMPLOYER.'' • .
The Police . Commissioners met yester
day afternoon to have an understanding
Tvith the Chinatown guides. \ All the
guides were present, and after consid
erable talk it was decided that the num
ber to be licensed should be restricted
to thirty-four. There are thirty-three at
Chinatown Guides Instructed.
PRINTERS TO GIVE < OUTING.— -The .print
ers or San Francisco . will . hold their annual
outing : on s Saturday. May 24,. at Mirabel "Park,
Sonoma County, under the auspices of the Em
ploying ¦ Printers' Association. ¦- ' The California
Northwestern- Railway Company's, -boat' ¦; will
leave. Tiburon ferry at 9 a.. in. - - - , :
k RUMMAGE ' SALE TOR ; -' FREE ¦'. BED.— A
-rummage sale starts to-morrow afternoon at H
o'clock at -15.10 Powell street; "corner of Green,
and. will .continue several ; days. -. It " Is under
the auspices: of, the , Board '¦ of , Managers of tho
California '^Eye '¦ and : Ear "Hospital. . situated ¦ at
1007. Suttcr'Etreet. and is for the sui-yort of a
free bod lnthe hospital.;
-;¦¦ ¦ . Announced; the Total - Now
'&£l\Wy~L Reaching $2459 17.
.'The California Promotion' .Committee
urges intending subscribers who have not
in their cards to- do so at once in or
der that the work planned may not be de
layed: The following additional subscrip
tions are announced, the amounts named
being per month for twelve months: -
'. 'Aetna- Insurance Company. : $25 flat, equal
to $2; American Oil and Paint Company, $1;
M. J. Brandcnsteln & Co., $10; Carlson-Currier
Co.. $5; California Fig Syrup Company, $5;
Henry Campe & Co.. $5; L- Demartlnl Supply
Company, - $10 flat, equal to: fc'5 cents; ,M.» Ehr
mann & Co ' $5: Field Mercantile Company, $5;
Greenburg & i Greenburg. $5 : Warren Gresrory,
$5; Hills Bros., $5: Jesse Moore Hunt Com
pany. $10; Kullman. Salz & Co., $5; : John
Mackay. $25; Meese & Gotfrted Co., $10; Pacific
Tool; and Supply Company, $5; Rlsdon Locomo
tive and Iron Works/ $25 flat, ¦ equal ¦ to $2 08:
RoyaJ. and* Queen- Insurance i Company, $10;
-Roth. -Blum & Co.; $2 C0;Spruance. Stanley &
Co.. $5; F. M. Smith. $50; Union Lithographing
Company, 1 $10; ' Union Iron I Works, .; $20 • flat,
eQua! to $1 C6 ; C. M. Volkman.- $20 ;.flat. equal
to $1 <i«: C. F. Weber & Co., SSi-Zellcrbach &
Sons.- $5:1 total $206 73; > previously ¦ reported,
$2252 44; total to May .21. $2459 17. . '
Additional Subscriptions to the Fund
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
: : -;.;¦ URGES PROMPT ACTION
- The U. S. Civir Service Commission an
nounces that on June 17, 1902, an examin
ation will be held in San Francisco and
other cities for the position of record and
identification clerk in the U 4 S. penitenti
ary service. Age limit, 20 years or over.
Salary $1200 per annum. Persons who de
sire to enter this examination should ap
ply, tothe U.S. Civil Service Commis
sion, .Washington, D.C., or to the secre
tary; of | the local . board of examiners,
Postoffice, for application forms 304, and
375, which should be filed with the com
mission at Washington. - -. > .
Civil ; Service Examination.
Shoe Clerks Give Show.
i The Retail Shc»e Clerks of San Francls
co gave their :»econd annual entertain
ment and danoe last night at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. The minstrel show and the
tpeciatties were excellent. The little
Bennett Bisters were exceedingly clever.
The Filipino quartet discoursed fine
tnuslc and the Knickerbocker Quartet
rendered many eongs. Among others who
helped to make the show a success were:
Musical director, Gus Merzbach; inter
locutor, J. M. Gleojdon; Charles Dixon, C.
Schindler. J. Ross, M. Furst, H. Williams,
George Morgan ajid J. Ross.
Beginning on June 15 next will Inaugurate a
new limited train service between Chicago, New
York and Boston, leaving Chicago 1 at 10:30
every morning and- arriving in v New York at
3:30 the next afternoon, with a Boston sleeper
reaching there the second evening. , Travelers
going East will ¦ find in this train everything
that comfort and luxury can suggest or de
mand—Pullman drawing-room sleeping cars of
the latest type; unequaled dlnlng-car service
with meals at popular prices; fast time over a
track made perfect with rock ballast and made
safe by the operation of the block signal and
interlocking sj'stem. ¦ , ' •':'-,
. If you have not seen the beautiful valleys of
the Susquehanna and - Delaware rivera tra
versed by the . . Erie . you have *: missed one of
the most delightful sections of the East.
Be sure that your tickets read via the Erie
Railroad. • • . V -¦ < ¦• •
The Erie Railroad.
President, \Y. W. Ccreland; first vice presi
£*nt. L A. Blckell; second vice president. Far
\ey I^wis; secretary-treasurer. H. L. White;
member executive committee. E. H. Cary; trus
tee. L. Michelson: reading clerk, E. A. Parker;
Kfcrgear.t-at-arms. Alex D. Smith; delegates to
International Typographical Union. L. Michel
son and J. P. Olwell; alternates. D. S.
and J. E. Wilcox; delegates, to Allied
Printing Trades Council. C. E. Fisk, H. L.
White: delegates to Labor Council, David
Cooper, W. W. Copeland. James T. Houston,
Farley Lewis and H. L. 'White.
For officers of International Typo
graphical Union 368 votes were cast For
president, Charles A. Derry of Seattle re
ceived 174 votes to 171 for James M. Lynch
of Syracuse. W. J. White of San Fran
cisco Typographical Union was given 335
votes for trustee of the 'Union Printers'
Home.
San Francisco Typographical Union No.
21 held its election Wednesday. The total
vote was 369. Following are the officers
ilected:
Majority Vote for the Inter
national President.
Charles A. Deny of Seattle Receives
TYPOGRAPHICAL "UNION
HOLDS ITS ELECTION
Adams* Hair Restorer promotes growth, re
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair. 30c *
present, and James P. Chadwlck secured
a license to make up the number. The
guides .were Instructed as to the law gov
erning them, and were told that they
must wear a star while on duty.
Introduction, Post Commander ! • George C.-
Johnson: invocation. Post Chaplain M." Murphy;
solo. "The Lost Chord," Mrs. John C. Innes;
eulogies — introduction. tEdwln - W/ . Woodward;
"Comrade William McKinley, late President of
the United States," Henry C. - Dibble: male
quartet. Apollo Club; "Rear Admiral William
Thomas Sampson. United States Navy,','
Charles Edelman, Junior vice commander; , se
lection, "Mustered Out," Miss H.' J. Hassen
muller; solo, "One by -One," Henri Fair
weather; oration, John H. .Macomber,
chaplain, U.S. A.; duet, ,'"JL«ad, Kindly
Light," -Miss Hussey and-Mrs..R..E. Parting
ton; selection, recital, "The Grand Army of- the
Republic," Joseph G. Crawford, M.D.; surgeon
of the post: solo, "Army Sleeping," Henri Fair
weather; violin solo, "Rejrrets," Charles Blank.
Mrs. Seal accompanist;- "America," -by ~ the
audience: "Taps," L. R. Heltler. • .
Lincoln Post No. 1, , Grand -'Army . of the
Republic, ' held memorial * ' services S last
night in Pioneer Hall in memory of fifteen
comrades who died during the : last.: year.
The hall was well filled and the following
was the order of the exercises, /conducted
under the direction of the. committee of
arrangements,- consisting of John • C.
Innes, Samuel D. Thurston and Edwin W.
Woodward: ¦';> . :i
Services in Pioneer Hall in
.Honor; o£ t Dead, v
Holds Interesting and- Impressive
LINCOLN POST REMEMBERS I ;
. DECEASED COMRADES
Brown was under . the : Influence , of liquor
and he became demonstrative to the point that
be made an- -improoer proposal, .which 'I"re
sented In angerl- He then said he would -,hunt
up Hencken and have' him escort 'me home. .
I knew Brown about six weeks. • He. did
not pay serious attention -to me,- : but occa
sionally ' we would meet, at the. store and sra
out together. On Wednesday afternoon'. I* met
Hencken, who asked me to accompany: him . to
the Chutes that evening. I consented and -rat'
8 o'clock I went to the Krocery,' where'Iimet
Brown. We talked together, and a. few min
uteg later Hencken came . in. '. i We'. v WPtit-to
the Chutes and returned- about' midnight.
Hencken. :said he wanted' to gro . to '¦ his • room
and invited me to go . with : him. • . I "consented
without a thought and ' went ¦ upstairs. .:. He
told me- that, he would go downstairs . and
close the store and have Brown take me. home.-
He left me and a few . minutes -later Brown
appeared. . i ¦ :-$; -.,*¦ '"' : -'."': V" • ¦¦ - T -: : ,,' .
The story of the tragedy is told' by
Miss Gohen 'in a graphic manner. .-/When
seen yesterday , by. a Call .representative
che said: . . - . . , _' ¦ . ,¦•¦'¦'•
MISS GOHEN'S STATEMENT.
THE investigation into the facts
in connection with the shooting
of Ernest Brown, : a grocer's
clerk, In a room at 603 McAllister
street at an early hour yesterday
morning developed that Brown met his
death by his own' hand while laboring
under excitement prompted by family
troubles and probable jealousy.
The principals in the affair discussed
the tragedy without reserve yesterday,
particularly as it was suspected .. that
murder might have been done. Henry
Hencken, the grocer for whom. Brown
worked, was ' almost, prostrated "with
grief over the occurrence, ' while Miss
Lucy Gohen, a waitress. at 503 Van, Ness
avenue, with whom Brown appears to
have been Infatuated, and who left him
a moment before he fired the fatal shot,
is almost ill from worry and* excitement
attending the grewsome affair. - .;
Brown's parents live at Healdsburg,
whence he came some three months
since. He secured employment with H.
& M. Hencken, grocers at the corner . of
McAllister and Franklin streets. Brown
appeared to be a good fellow, i honest
and trustworthy, and soon suc
ceeded in gaining the respect of his em
ployers. He roomed above the store, oc
cupying a chamber adjoining - that , of
Hencken. The two became: unusually
friendly, and Hencken enjoyed .Brown's
confidence to an unusual degree. They
went to places of amusement together,
and, as it turned out, visited the same
girl In company. The girl In; the case is
Miss Gohen, the waitress, an attractive
maiden of nearly 18 years. She was.era
" ployed at the hotel where - Brown .and
Hencken dined daily. In this way rthey,
met frequently In the last six weeks, and
for Brown, at least, the friendship .was
to become a serious matter. ¦ . • . ¦
'.That Brown committed suicide/ is evi
denced by the conditions present when
his body was found. He had partly dis
robed, and while" lying on the bed he de
liberately raised his undergarment and
placing his left [{ hand over the heart
thrust- the •¦ muzzle of the revolver be
tween the fingers against his breast and
fired. > The fingers as well as the wound
.were bddly powder- burned. That Brown
went into his^room while Hencken was
asleep Is evidenced , by the fact that the
key to his trunk, which he always c-ar
¦ ried, was found ¦ in> the lock and the lid
slightly- raised.' Among; his effects were
discovered letters "from his mother;'an
nouncing that -she was greatly troubled
byher husband's conduct.' Another let
ter from- a^ friend announced that his
rno,ther two weeks ago had: been thrown
from a- buggy and" her' collarbone broken.
On receipt of .'this letter -Brown became
¦noticeably, despondent.- .;¦ An hour before
the tragedy he 'was .accosted by a friend,
who wanted, to know what was troubling
him.' Brown said he would be all right
in • the. -morning, rbut ! his . moodiness did
not, disappear. • - '*¦ -¦ ¦ , •.
-.tvTHe 1 . investigation of < the facts of. the
j by. Detective '. Sergeants Armstrong
.and 1 Whl taker resulted in their fillnc a
"report > with Captain ! Seymour that Brown
had committed .: suicide. The body now
lies at the Morgue, -where it will be held
pending Instructions from Brown's par
ents at ' Healdsburg. ' Arrangements for
iholdlng the inquest are now In progress.
STORY OF HKCTCKEW.
Hencken . corroborates Miss | Gohen's
story in every- detail;. He said he saw
Brown in the' store after leaving Miss
Gohen and requested him to take the girl
home. He- agreed to do so and went up
stairs." After figuring up the cash regis
ter- he went ? upstairs and- heard Brown
conversing - with the : girl in his
(Hencken's) - room. ¦ Hencken ..entered
Brown's room and retired. The first he
knew of the tragedy was when he was
awakened by 1 Officer Smith. He recog
nized the Weapon ¦ with which the deed
was done as Brown's. ¦ Hencken declares
he never, owned a- pistol in his life.
Miss Gohen stated further that her ac
quaintance with Brown was casual, and
that he had never given her cause to be
lieve that he was a suitor for her hand.
That he liked her she was aware, but
their friendship 'was so recent tha^ she
had scarcely time in which to study his
characteristics.' , She " could ascribe no
cause for- the- suicide, of Brown, except,
perhaps,- that he was troubled over fam
ily,matters. :: .
He went out and rfiturned In a minute with
the : statement that Hencken,was waitin* for
me at the door downstairs. I left the room
and was going .down the stairs when I heard
a ' shot j flred in Brown's room. I became
frightened- and ran home. \ On " reaching: my
room I fainted ami it was an hour before I
revived. - I then told my • employer of the oc
currence and we reported the matter to Police
man Smith. That's all I know of the event.
Warden Wilkinson has a nephew who
is desirous of becoming a doctor. Wil
kinson discharged Clerk Brainard and
appointed his nephew In his place. Wil
kinson knew that his nephew was bu«. 17
vears of age and ineligible to hold the
position, but the law did not daunt him.
Prior to young Wilkinson leaving for the
medical college Warden Wilkinson, it le
charged, ordered all the bodies of the
dead convicts assigned to his nephew,
who dissected them.
It is a State law that when a man is
hanged he is provided with a suit of
clothes, shoes and other articles. Sev
eral days after Putnam was hanged his
brother came from Texas to take charge
of the remains. Putnam's body was- ex
humed from the prison graveyard, but
there was not one particle of clothing
upon it. it is declared.
The clothing in which Putnam was
hanged had been removed from his body
and transferred to the storeroom of the
prison, it is alleged. This same clothing,
removed from Putnam's dead body, was
assigned to a convict who had served his
sentence, and the State was charged dou
ble for one suit of clothes. It is said.
Since the expose of the alleged mis
management of the Folsom prison under
Warden Wilkinson's administration new
charges are being made. When George
Putnam, sentenced to death for the kill
ing of Convict Showers, was confined in
a condemned cell he was laced, so it is
charged, in a straitjacket ten days be
fore he was hanged for tearing some of
his blankets. ;
Lyonsville is the: camp a where a large
mill of the Sierra Lumber " Company is
situated. .About a dozen men employed by
the company lingered late In William
Lucas 1 saloon. Four, of them were play
ing poker and the others were watching
the game.- Suddenly,' without warning,
a large gasoline lamp suspended over the
table exploded with a loud report and
scattered the burning gasoline over tlie
crowd and through the room. There was
a scramble for the door, which, before
the explosion, had stood open, but. had
been blown closed by- the concussion. At
the same time I the night latch shot in
place and prevented escape. The clothing
of nearly all. the men was ignited. Those
who first freed themselves of their flaming
garments assisted the others.
As the flames sprang up the wall the
men struggled desperately at the door,
which was finally beaten down from the
outside. As the men -rushed outthe.bar
crumbled to the floor. - John Sprague was
most severely burned.". His case is very
serious. George Hudson, who crawled
under the bar, was struck in the eye and
was badly burned. Bob Greer. the only
one who escaped injury, .was nearer the
lamp than any of the others. .He was
standing on a chair -and directly under
the lamp, his head not more than a foot
away from it. .Strange to say he . was
not burned at all.
' REDDING,: May 22.— John Sprague is
suffering ' from burns which - may prove
fatal, Georg^e . Hudson will lose an eye
and nine or ten other men. at Lyonsville,
in the foothills, near the county .line, are
suffering with burns of varying se'verity
as the result of a most peculiar accident.
A' gasoline lamp exploded in a crowded
barroom, throwing the oil over
every man in the room but one.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A Condemned Man's
Corpse Buried Nude,
- It Is Alleged.
Lumbermen Meet With
Curious Accident in x
a,Saloon v
MORE CHARGES
AGAINST WARDEN
When the case of . Rev. James H.
Kelley of the Third Colored Baptist
Church, charged with betrayal under
promise of marriage by Miss Hattle
Bynum, was called in Judge- Cabanlss'
court yesterday, Attorney Cobb, for the
defendant, said he had two or three more
witnesses, but as they were not present
he would rest. As he was suffering from
a severe cold he asked for a continuance,
as he desired to argue the case. The
Judge hinted that it would be useless,
but granted Cobb's request and set the
argument for next "Wednesday morning.
Pastor Kelley's Case Submitted.
¦ The neighbors testify to the affection
that existed between the couple. Leas
had always been spoken of as a devoted
husband. \
They subsequently rn^de up -their little
difference and Leas went to prepare a
bath. While he was doing so- Mrs. Leas
went into the sitting-room and picking
up a revolver from a table fatally shot
herself, the bullet penetrating the left
breast.
Leas rushed out for assistance but the
woman was beyond all aid.
The Leases took up their residence at
Carville some six weeks ago, her doctor
having ordered Mrs. Leas there on ac
count of her falling health. She was in a
despondent state of mind, owing to a
year's suffering. ...
Last night Leas, who Is a coachman for
Mr. Zinkand, returned home, ' and finding
no supper ready, scolded his wife.
The Inhabitants of Carville at the beach
were startled last night by a tragedy that
happened In- their midst. The usually
peaceful ocean suburb was thrown into
a state of excitement at 8:30 o'clock, when
the news got around that Mrs. Mabel J.
Leas, wife of John S/Leas, had taken her
own life by shooting herself through the
breast.
FLAMING ROOM
THEIR PRISON
Car 634, in charge of Motorman Col
broth and Conductor Wallett had arrived
at. the end of the line and was waiting to
leave on schedule time. The motorman
heard the roar of the oncoming cars and
saw them coming in a cloud of dust. He
warned AVallett and the two jumped from
their car and rushed behind the building
close to the track. The sand cars struck
the standing car with a terrific crash.
The Impetus carried the passenger car up
an embankment 150 feet back and the first
sand car telescoped it. •
The two cars were so firmly wedged by
the collision that a dozen workmen labor
ed all afternoon separating them. Both
cars were wrecked by the collision. The
passenger car presented a mutilated ap
pearance. Not a : glass remained intact
and the front part was smashed and
twisted into an inconceivable- shape.
Motorman Colbroth said the sand cars
must have traveled at the rate of a mile
a minute. Had there been a car laden
with passengers In the path of the run
away sand-cars a terrible accident would
surely have happened. Fortunately the
cars broke loose at a time when, the track
was clear. Passengers on ingoing cars
were given a spare by seeing the tears
dash past them at a terrific speed. The
track for more than three miles was cov
ered with sand that fell off the cars dur
ing their swift passage.
Fate dealt kindly with pleasure seekers
who rode out to the ocean j beach on tjie
cars . of : the United Railroads Company,
yesterday morning." Two cars, heavily,
laden',/with -sand, /were being drawn along
the track by an electric 1 traction car. By
some means the cars coupled to the trac
tion car broke away and began to roll
downs th'e long, grade near. Nineteenth
avenue, and within a minute they were
dashing toward the ocean beach at a high
rate' of -speed. ' They - rushed around
curves, and past switches at a terrific
rate and continued to the end of the road.
Long Illness Brie g3, on De
spondency and Causes
Suicide.
Motorman and Conductor Es
cape From , Gar and
Leave It to Its Fate.
Mrs. Mabel Leas Kills
Herself at Ocean
Beach.
Sand Vehicles Descend
Track WitlrGreat
! ~. Speed.
ENDS SUFFERING
WITH REVOLVER
ELECTRIC CARS
IN COLLISION
THE SAN FBANGISCpf CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1902.
Grocers' Glerk Goolly? Sends Bullet Into : His
Heart After a Midnight Adventure With
Miss Lucy Gphen; a Waitress
FAMILY TROUBLES PROMPT BROWN
TO PUT EN D TO HIS EXISTENCE
12
AUCTION! AUCTION!
— OF —
THE SCULLY RANCH,
Three and one-half miles from Hollister San
Benito County. Finest Fruit Land in the World
840 ACRES In subdivisions of from 20 to
100 acres, or any size to suit purchaser will bo
sold at auction on
SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902,
At 11 o'clock a. m. The sale will be held ca
the property. Fifty per cent can remain on
mortgage. Fine Barbecue Lunch will be pro-
vided on the grounds before and during the sale
Parties from San Francisco will take the
Coast Division Train at 2:45 p m on Friday
ilay 23. and arrive in Hollister at 6:15 p m'
fcame day. Returning, leave Hollister after the
fale at 3 p. m. on Saturday, May 24, and ar-
lve in Sen Francisco at 7:30 p. m. same day
send for catalogue.
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Heal Estate Ajrents and Auctioneers.
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
Oppression, Saffocation, Nenralgia, etc., cored by
EPIC'S CiGARETTES.or POWDER
Par!*, J. ESP1C ; New York, E. FOUOERA & CO.
SOLO BV ALL DRUGGISTS
t «_£«*-* Weak Eyes Strengthened.
*£&* '&?+%.'' Painful or Inflamed eye» in-
<Sj£^Sfc?j|S^ stantly relieved with GEORGE
&V* *J> * MAYERLE'S German Eye
«!S*-«<ifS^ Water. 50c. at 1071 Market
»&53*££*"" «- Tel - South 572. None gen-
¦** r * tone without this trademark.
ADVERTISEMENTS-
¦SWELL SUITS -815.00. 1
\ Reduced from $22.50. ti
j iS$ I
Xo use rr.ioclnc- words. This Is ab«o- B
lutely the biggest suit bargain that 1
has been offered this season — here or I
elsewhere. And the best thing about I
It is tbat the suits have none of the , H
usual excuses for a reduced price. B
They are new, handsome, stylish. No ¦
guesswork or skimpiner anywhere in M
their g-et up. The tailor began at the H
beKlnnlnff to do his best work on §3
I them and he kept right on till they fj
1 were finished. They are strictly p
tailor-made and fit with that easy, B
graceful ewing that distlnguiBhes all H
the suits sold here. The fabric la Bj
Panne Cheviot — a splendid quality. H
The jacket is ellk-Iined and made in H
the popular double-breasted style, n
with moire re\"«res and velvet collar. I
The skirt has seven eores and an |
extra wide flare. The regular price H
2 of these suits Is $22 50 — and they H
-; were cheap at that. But we want IB
t you to become acquainted with our B
i cloak and suit department and are B
willing to make it worth your while. Q
This is the only reason we have for ffi
marking them ° #15.tK> r
OTHER SUIT BARGAINS |
Taken almost at random from a n
superb stock overflowing with I
Rich Values. J
CHEVIOT SERGE SUITS— blue or j
black. Late style silk-lined Eton I
jackets, with moire vest. New model i
flare flounce skirt. Entire suit hand- I
somely trimmed with straps of moire 8
silk. Worth $27.50 — our price.. 920.00 J
VEXETIAX CLOTH SUITS— tan, blue |
J. or black. Eton jacket and flara E
3 flounce skirt. Entire suit appllqued H
t with moire. Tailored and shaped as H
5 you'd expect only custom work to be. m
\Vorth $:«.O0 — our price $25 .OO Bj
HANDSOME CHEVIOT SUITS. Eton \\
jacket, with stitched vest — trimmed fj
with white silk, stitched bands. New r
flare skirt — finished to top with cir- [9
» cular straps. Brimful of style, ele- M
sance and solid service. Worth B
?3T.r.O — our price S3O.OO \\
ROMBO VENETTIAN SUITS — blue or fj
i black. Jaunty new style jacket, with If
s velvet collar. New model flare t|
flounce skirt, with full silk drop. P
Tailoring, makinr, fit and finish be- B
yend criticism. Worth |37.50 — our ||
Price ?30 .OO H
All TEIKKED E1T6 EALF PRICE TO-DAY. B
' v THE FURRIER ** J
Millinery • Cloaks • Suits • j
2 19 Grant Avenue j
I FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1902. J
I An Auspicious Occasion, Affording Many 1
I DemarKablc Economical Opportunities. I
II An Important ... *, n— ¦ sgBg^-**^ O \% \\
I Inder-Price «T^^1 jWCll 'j
| flUululj vF *\^> z/ £-^*ffl nfiCK I
Itt "¦¦¦7 and ~ *^ <dhce*fcu4elec? 7 "**** |
I uiiiiolWDdl. R li cries I
H 100 dozen extra _ _ _ . __ ; . UWVUWU ¦
I gy • fo^'Sol Cor. Suiter Stand Grant Avc. \
B wear; very dur- ¦ (irfifltly il
1 !S' SL k? i?i AN EXTRAORDINARY Reduced. 1
H light weight in all o T _, __, il
H sizes. • O ALll \jt* Neck Ruches. 11
I 20c Pair. ™Sf|»y sold at * 5 - |
1 Ladles' Fancy Pff ¥7 ¥17 k 1OHPO tt> W. t\ H
Iss^ftfwia SI i li- WAlSl S $3.50. |
B worth 75c. usually sold at *6. kl
I 45c Pair. 1000 MANUFACTURER'S F £ a £ |
| 200 dozen Ladles' SAMPLE WAISTS, v(>5.UU. Wi
H Black Cotton Hose. 7 i Rv
Q worth 35c pair. Mar1#» r>f TnfTpta Ppan Hf» Snip Neck Ruches. ML*-
m Friday. iviaae oi laneta, x^eau ue ooie usua ny sow at $io, g
| 5 Pairs for $1. and Fancy Silks. Because of un- F *J? a i i, > A
1 wif dl vl«* Mer w usual trade concessions we are vj>/ .UU»
I Richeiieu S rtSo 9 r enabled to price them to you ¦
I SS&StSQ ( while the y last > at ~ GREAT
H At 45c Each. *t\<^ mm s\. w— i tT* ® d 4
I women's $2.5U tacn. oilk \
I GLOVES. Worth $5.00, $7.50 and more. £> 4 • 4 ;
fj We offer tc-day — , '^ IZ d f^T
H a quantity of Kid V^F JTV II
H Gloves priced much ¦ * g~y # * * jr~^ * , l
|sr, theirusuai ihp Silk Salp VALlES '
I SternnVerTfc Now in progress here offers values that Aft Paf fivi* ¦
0 gray and mode; have had no parallel this season. You n /ilUdtllVo ¦
H worth^fi 50 pair, attend the greatest silk sale of the sea- ppiroc ''
H 85c Pair. son if you are here to-day. rilCCS.
|i Walking Gloves, 3000 yards Fancy Silk, suitable for waists, . All our best
N brown, red, tan, underskirts and- linincs; former prices quality Taffeta Silk
li *l fin Pair ('Be. $1.00 and $1.25; Friday, sale price, the Skirts, in biackand
n 9>I.UU Pair. „;,'/ colors; usually sold
II " „. yara at $11 50, $10 ana
II .Ti que Mocha ; 2500 yards Black Taffeta Silk,, worth $1.00 $9; Friday, special
H with one pearl _ varf » at th«» vard ci| r> at I
H clasp, in' black, a >ara, at, me yara »uc ai
| beaver, gray. 3700 yards Crepe de Chine, 24 Inches wide; £Q t\t\ Pfl ft U |
H ci nn Pair excellent quality; sells regularly for 00. 1! U tdufli I
H 3JI.UU Pair. $1.00; Friday, sale price, the yard... 75c vu<wu wuuili I
Here Is the swellest cart you ever saw. We have others equally as at- 5?
tractive. . Our prices are right, our goods are right. j?
Our stock will surprise you. Don't buy until you cee It. ??
Ask for 1902 Catalogues. ' <v
Ktppebaker!TIros. f pmbsky
OFlCAI^CFORNIA.. I
MARKET AND 10TH STS., SAN FRANCISCO. 5
LOW TEETH RATeT"
M£ 1 v '" • -
Drex!er'8 Reduced Prices Continue I
THREE WEEKS. ;
.: Full set Best Teeth (Drexler spe-:
I clal) »4. $10 gold crowns for S3 •
•and - $5 -fillings for JRl.r»O. '¦
Only Expert Dentists; only purest 1 '
•".gold. ¦¦'¦¦:'¦: •,-:. .-¦.¦; : -,...'-.¦...¦¦-¦-
Drexlar Painless Denial Co.
."' :':.*,.'. ¦ ¦•¦ .-.Of : New York.'- : '•¦ / V ¦/
; SAN FRANCISCO PARLORS 110 1
.: W ARKET , ST. , Cor. . Turk. . : -
\ ' Send .for our free book, i "Care of
- the ! Teeth." -y S ; --..
Z&MHittiiZuMcJ HiMHaffiii ¦S'tflStMBf ffiiWaWIWg*
GIBSON'S
Observations No. 7
FublLsHed by "Your Bosom Friend." e-v«ry once in a -while
I'm-jnaklng a big success making shirts to order.
Making bosom friends by making- "Your Bosom
Friend" shirts.
Mr. W. R. Sibbett, late of Bullock and Jones, is
the man at the helm.
Every shirt has been a success— I - hardly ex-
pected that, but so far we've struck every curve to
perfection.
There's a knack to good shirt making and Mr.-.
Sibbett knows the knack.
We want to make your shirts just to show*
how really comfortable a ctlstom shirt is. \
A hundred patterns to bewilder you.
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend."
Furnishings for Gentlemen.
1202*1204 Market St. 'Phone South 850
. I Moral o! the Downfall o! the
1 Preacher-Bursar.
I Bret Hartc's Experiences in
San Francisco.
The Fluffy Summer Girl,
. As Pictured by a Wealthy Denver Girl
• . Now in San Francisco.
San Francisco as Seen by
Electric Lijjht I \
How the / Graduation Girl
U Should Dress.
I Read the Wolf ville S torics by .
I Alfred Henry Lewis.
"WAP 1^ HPI I V. SAID GENERAL
TV r\l\ lU llJUlL^l^. V. T.SHEEMAN.
(Costume Poses by San Fran-
cisco Society Ladies.
Head Dress Parties Now So-
ciety's Fad in the East
Illustrated bv Photographs of New York's
Best Known Society Ladies. . -
v S White Gowns for Summer.
. BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
This Is the Best Scries of Fashion Hints
Published in San Francisca^
. . Home Magic, Picture Puzzles,
u Human Interest Stories.
I See Pat and Heiny in New
il AQvcnturcs. *¦
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE SECTION CONTAINS MORE WESTERN
STORIES THAN ALL OTHER SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY PAPERS COMBINED
All V ¦fcJITTSK'WETgTB.