Plague Reappears in Brazil.
T.IO JANEIRO. April 1.— The plague has
reappeared here and also In Pernambuco.
There were five cases reported on Sun
day, but no deaths. In Pernombuco there
were four fatal cases, among them being
Benhor Albuquerque Salles, editor In chief
of Diario dc Pernambuco.
j ROME. April 1.— The Corrier Delia Sera
i asserts that King Edward abandoned his
i proposed visit to the Riviera because of
;the discovery of an anarchist plot against
his lifel The anarchists purposed t*o give
the appearance of Boer revenge to their
operations
Anarchists Threaten King.
' •'¦ 'Argentina"; Seeks *• Supremacy.
I :> BUENOS ,'AYRES,' ..April ;¦ l.'— TheVGov
'ernmenthas decided, to acquire two; new
armored vessels, -to. be. superior 'in. speed
j.arid"armament : to. those of -Chile, and>or-
I : de'rs '» for : their ; construction have been
' given. The /Government has , ! resolved to
always, maintain the naval and" military
Supremacy: of Argentina in South Ain-i
erica, i ¦"'.-¦. • ¦ . . •
A special from Heidelberg says: 'A party
of constabulary and native -scouts was
ambushed. near here March 30.. Six of the
party were killed. The Boers eluded pur
suit.
LONDON. April 1.— The War v Office, in
reporting the railroad wreck near Bar
berton, merely says that It was accidental.
The victims nearly all belonged to the
Hampshire Regiment.
PRETORIA, April 1.— Thirty-nine Brit
ls'.i soldiers were killed and forty-five in
jured In a railroad wreck March SO, near
Barberton, Transvaal Colony.
road Wreck and Six Are Killed
by Boers.
Thirty-Nine Meet Dsath in a Rail-
FEESH DISASTERS
TO BRITISH TROOPS
Big.Coloriization Scheme. • \
• EL PASO, Tex., 'April l.'-Scnor Gornier
; Farias, Minister of Finance of I Mexico,
with' his^ party, Ah hero en route to. New
•York. ¦ Senor Farias is one of the,wealthi
est." men in Mexico. The present' trip is'
in - connection with a large colonization
j scheme, by whicri he : proposes to settle
; 'vast 'tracts; In Ahe ' State of ' Chiapas with .1
; '¦ European .immigrants.* : ;;?'.• |
BANDITS IN BULGARIA
ACTIVE AT ATROCITY
Situation' in the Balkans Now Begins
to Assume a Serious
LONDON, April 2.--The Vienna cor- •
respondent of the Dally Telegraph says he
believes", from the indications, that the
Balkan situation has entered a critical
stage. Reports of atrocities committed
by Bulgarian - bands are received daily, .
says the correspondent, and yesterday the
heads of seven Bulgarian brigands were
brought to Salonica and hung up in the
prison courtyard. The Turkish agent at
Ivarico.' who was instrumental in captur
ing a Bulgarian band, has been murdered
in rjsyenge.
It" is reported -that M. Sarafoff. the
leader {of the Macedonian committee. • is '
planning the capture of aninfluentlal for
eign Consul in Macedonia. The correspon
dent says the Turkish Embassador at VJ- •
enna has declared as untrue the reported
death of. Mohammed Rechad, the brother
of the Sultan of Turkey. -
The Meteor was accompanied by the
Hamburg- American line Fteamer ScolJa,
which will act as a convoy throughout
the voyage. The yacht left port under
her own canvas, carrying mainsail, fore-
Kail,- fore staysail, jib and jib topsail. The
wind was blowing strong from the west
and the schooner scudded through the
watrr at a lively pace. Captain Karpf of
the imperial navy was in command and
Captain Ben Parker was Railing master.
A crew of twenty-eight sailors were on
board. It is expected that the yacht will
make the trip in sixteen days.
Meteor III Starts on a Long
Voyage.
NEW YORK, April 1.— The German Em.
peror's American-built yacht Meteor III
Bailed for Southampton to-day. She passed
quarantine at 1:52 p. m. outward bound.
Convoyed by an Atlantic Liner
KAISER'S NEW YACHT
SAILS FOR SOUTHAMPTON
REDDING. April 1.— A singular train
wreck, which almost resulted in the sink
ing ...of- a locomotive and three • laden
freight" cars in Sacramento River, oc
ciirred yesterday evening four miles north
of "Gregory. ¦ The north-bound freight was
within a, hundred yards of the fourth
river bridge, when the 'engine suddenly
left the *ails and rolled down to the bank
of; the stream. Four cars were jerked
loose and 'pulled dov/n.^wlth the engine.
Huge rocks jut up from the edge of the
water, ' and :agalnst -these the runaway
.train brought up with a" jar that smashed
things. But for the rocks, it: must have
been submerged. .The k men in the cab
saved themselves by jumping. The track
was blocked flye hourt. A wrecking crew
and . rncs in boats', are ' trying ; to . get the
engine, and cars back to the track.
Derailed Locomotive and Cars Bring
Up on the Bank of the
•Sacramento. .
JUTTING ROCKS SAVE , v
» TRAIN FROM THE RIVER
VICTORIA, B. C, April l.-From Can
ton, China, news comes of the burning
to death of 400 Chinese, trapped by fire
in a theater. The accident occurred at
the village of Kun.lu, In the Punyu dis
trict, on March 4. While the theater was
crowded, .' some person set lire _ to the
building. Chinese theaters, being con
structed of mats and bamboos, burn like
paper, and in a few minutes the entire
structure was in flames. Although a
great many escaped, at least 400, mostly
women, lost their lives. '/'•'.;
of Life in Kun-lu
Village.
FOUR HUNDRED CHINESE
DIE IN BURNING THEATER
Incendiary Fire Causes Awful Loss
Says He^ Has Heard the 1^ He Is
to Lose His Position but Does Not
Believe It True.
\yould have to be through the President.
He alone has the power to remove me. It
is, entirely at the. discretion of the Presi
dent . whether I ' hold office.' He can i e
moye me without trial arid he can dismiss
me -.without any; preliminaries whatever."
¦¦'-. The '. Governor ) was a sked if ' Thomas
.Fitch, "Jthe silver-tongued orator," was
going; to Washington in behalf of the
Royalist/' or home, rule, party. He stated
that [Pitch had told.him pn the boat that
he . Intended going to Southern ' California
to look after some mining property, and
he did' not think' he was going Eastl : The
Governor , said '' Mr. I Fitch had j taken * little
interest" in Hawaiian politics..
,. ;*r, expect itq'Meave for ¦•Washington on
.Thursday,' '.iSaid^Goverribi 1 Dole, Vand will
be' • absent;- from my , country., about - two
months. J' never, had any : intention of
resigning niy office, and I will not do so
unless ° my -health falls me* ; My health is.
good. I feel 'extremely well."
said the Governor last night. ' "is an Invi
tation I received from" 'President jj Roose
velt. It came.through Senator George ;H.
Carter of . Hawaii, /who: is 'now, in ¦Wash
ington..' The- Senator*' was 'invited -by ; tho
President to make a.[ written report. on ; the
status of .^affairs ;in' the •¦ islands : and ; he
thought It advisable to go.to^ the nation's
capital. He senti ifne' notification ; that. the
President would like' tosee me 'arid I im
mediately, accepted the invitation. . ' '
"I have "no information, that' I am tb;b?
succeeded by Mr.^ Parker. ; It seems to be
the -impression in 'the, t islands;; that. Sam
Parker gave out j some ¦ statement" that was
ground for such, a conclusion. 'He; made
Intimations \in :;thc matter and : ori' tha^
basis ; the • newspapers ¦ published : these re
ports. Personally; I do' not j. know' anything
about 1 1. T Yes, "Parker is now. the Repub
lican National ;Committecraan,frbm'IIa-:
wail. ' ' : '_ ¦''.¦'¦.' . .- : '- ;
, "My '-affiliations are with the Republican
party. ,1 feel that 'thai'. Is the 'party that
represents ;¦ the Government's policy. I
have always, been ' : a 'Republican, and , of
course b'ef °Ve we were annexed my sym-'
pat hies were with the -American adminis
tration;,.,; However, r l ! believe/, that -"one •
ceases i to besa'" party. -:manv when', he
to, the position I now.hold. .'He 4 represents
the ¦ interests of -^ the- whole .community..;
When carrying out ; a" policy/ he must rec
ognize the political status and aims of the
adminlstration'aiid of necessity he -must
carry them out. ¦ / : ''' ¦
' t CARTER r IS HIS
]¦ >"Mr. Carter"- is , a, friend' of / mine.', > H^
has ; alway s been • friendly 'to line. \ I -don't
knpw ,wh)it f he is saying .in Washington.;
No one accompany rne to the capital j
No .charges- have 'been; filed; against -me.;
•If shall *,- have : . served :two 'years ¦ iri-.'June
next. If " there was ' any". ch'ange -'made it'
London.
This butte, •which was the scene of Cot
onel Steptoe's fight with Indians In 1S57,
stands 3800 feet . above the sea level and
towers 2000 feet above the surrounding
country. The land included In the butt"),
from its huge base to its peak, comprises
about 2000 acres, but only 160 acres, which
includes the top, with its hotel and barn,
.trill be sold. The hotel is two stories
high and has an observatory on the roof,
from which the finest view of Washing
ton, Idatib and Oregon can be obtained
with the aid of a powerful glass.
MOTJNTATN TO BE SOLD
BY SHERIFF AT AUCTION
Steptoe Butte ¦ to Pass Under the
-'Hammer to Satisfy a Small
Mortgage.
TACOMA, April 1.— Steptoe Butte. the
most notable and historic landmark !n
Eastern : Washington, la 'to be. sold at
Sheriff's sale . on April 26 . to satisfy' - a
mortgage for $2000, held by the Canadian
and American Mortgage Company of
GOVERNOR OF HAWAII. WHO ARRIVED ON THE SIERRA YESTER
, ; . DAY, EN ROUTE TO WASHINGTON TO. CONFER,WiTH PRESIDENT
. ROOSEVELT IN REGARD TO f. CONDITIONS IN 1THE ISLANDS.
¦ The advanced construction of vessels
launched or soon to be launched indicates
that the total construction for the year
will somewhat exceed that of the fiscal
year 1901. * Contracts 'for; new work, are,
however, less than a year ago.
WASHINGTON. April 1.— Returns to
the bureau of navigation show that dur
ing the first nine months of the current
•fiscal year, ended. March 31, 1902, there
were built in the United States and of
ficially numbered 949 vessels, r of 245.06S
gross tons. For the corresponding period
of the' previous fiscal year the figures
were 753 '¦¦ vessels,' of 246,973 .gross tons.
These figures do not include canal boats
and unrigged barges/Of the nine months*
construction only fifty-seven vessels are
over 1000 gross .tons each, aggregating,
however, 169.566 tons, or 70 per cent of the
total tonnage.
Building, but Contracts Are
. Fewer.
Bureau of Navigation Reports More
INCREASE IS NOTED
IN SHIP CONSTRUCTION
With the Senator.
WASHINGTON, April 1— Senator Hari
na's plan for clemency for Estes G. Ratn
bone, convicted In connection with the
Cuban postal frauds, has met with a firm
refusal from President Roosevelt. It Is
said the President told Hanna if he had
the power he would double the punish
ment of both Neely and Rathbone.
Roosevelt's position has chagrined the
Ohio Senator, and a split between them
is predicted. Hanna believes Rathbone- is
the victim of r. conspiracy.
The reported ; pardon of Edward P.
Thompson, former Postmaster at Havana,
according to information given out at the
White House, has no bearing on the
Neely or Rathbone case. In fact, noth
ing is known either at the White 'House
or the War Department concerning
Thompson's pardon, although it is ad
mitted Governor Wood has full power in
the matter.
Rathbone May Cause a Split
Refusal of the President to Pardon
HANNA AND EOOSEVEI/T
AT PARTING OF WAYS
Governor was loth to discuss; the
reason for his visit; He assured his inter
rogators that the newspapers seeriied- to
have more information than -he' himself
possessed 'and that ' Ke was golrig-'to
Washington at the invitation of President
Roosevelt.,--",
• The chief executive of Hawaii looked to
be in perfect health. He was very ill a
year ; ago by reason * of overwork 'and i f or,
a ¦ time his condition alarmed his friends. 4
A visit into the mountains restored him /to :
his usual vigor and he was a'galn able to '
take .up the affairs of state with* energy.
;, ,**Th'e: basis"; of my trip to; Washington,"
When the Governor left Honolulu he
was glven'a demonstrative farewell. In
timate friends on smaller craft ¦ accom
panied the Sierra Into the channel- aiid
wished him godspeed. The marine band
played enlivening alrf. The Governor was
touched by this expression of good will.
Upon his arrival ...at this, port there was
no one' to meet him. Hecame ashore in
company with the 'saloon and cabin pasr
sengers and had. to' wait until his hand
baggage was examined by the customs
inspectors." He was driven to the ; Occi
dental Hotel, and-durlng the evening was
busily engaged receiving „ friends . anJ
newspaper representatives. ["¦ He received
a number of - floral : offerings from per
sonal : acquaintances. . \
Party politics in the islands is very
keen. The; home rule .party is composed
of the Royalist faction, and the latter Is
very much to Governor Dole's
administration. ' Dole has - served two
years in r his present , office and has j two
more years of executive power.. He.rep
resents "the -better class of citizens. '.The
people- who 'have.- been 'dubbed "carpet
baggers" have found fault with 'him and
are making life a. burden to him. -
DEMONSTRATIVE FAREWELL. ,
. ;'', "ViCv..' took. up..quarters, at the Occl- ;
dental Hotel and will remain there unti!"
to-morrow, when he will depart for Wash-j
Ington to consult President - Roosevelt
upon matters-pertaining \ to the islands.:
Governor Dole's- visit to this country has
created a great deal • of conjecture , and
surmise. There has been a rumor, that an
effort was being made to oust him from
office and have Samuel Parker appointed
in his .stead. • ¦„ The '.statement ' has been
made that Governor Dole has undertaken
his pilgrimage to the White House for "the
purpose ; of ; explaining his position to the
chief executive /of the nation. ' He goes
alone on this mission, arid the. people of
Hawaii are anxiously awaiting the action
of the President."
'-j& SyOVERNOR'; SANFORD B.
Kg -~L DOLE of arrived yes-
Is IB ten * a y "on^the Oceanic steam
«| M\ ship Sierra. ; On reaching terra
firma the distinguished visitor
Mission Is to Consult
With Resident
Roosevelt.
accounts no movement under his direction
is likely to prove very formidable. Mean
while it does not appear that the secret
emissary. Yl Ko, said to have been dis
patched to ShansI, Kansu and the Mon
golian borders for the purpose of captur
ing, or at any rate watching, his former
patron chief, Tuan, has been very
successful thus far.
Mohammedan rebellion in Kansu, headed
ly Prince Tuan. is really imminent, and
various rumors of that nature have been
already telegraphed and have created an
impression that insurgents are already in
the field, but the fact seems to be that
preparations alone are rumored to be on
foot. Tung Fuh Shang would be the gen
eral in command of the rebels, and by all
The Chinese appear to believe that a
TUAN MAY LEAD REVOLT.
unconscious, M. Lessar was working with
him to have him place his signature to
the treaty, by which Russia would have
secured all she wanted.
WILL NOT WITHDRAW.
"Will the troops be vithdrawn from
Manchuria?"'
"No. I do not think they will. Russia
will make the excuse that the troops are
necessary for the protection of her rail
ways, and In my opinion Russia will ulti
mately have sole possession of Manchuria
and Mongolia. The latter province has
not yet been brought into the question,
but Russia is going to build a railway line
across Mongolia from the nearest point
of the boundary to Peking. The Russians
are scheming in many ways for the reten
tion of the district. There were rumors
before I left Peking tnat rebel forces were
in motion in Kansu and were supposed
to be acting in concert with troops of
Prince Tuan, the ex-Boxer leader. I do
not think it is likely that they will march
on Peking, but. they will hold an area in
Shafts] and Mongolia. In Ningshia, the
"Knnsu capital, Prince Tuan has a strong
point."
guarantees peace for a time only, for
there is a feeling tending to the disinte
gration of the country among' some of the
powers, among whom Great Britain, Ja-
J*f»n^rrrtl .lUe, United" *6tsyt«>«-«rB—€a£-- tb©"
'maintenance of the integrity of China, but'
Russia, France and others are for slicing
up the kingdom.
Regarding the Manchurian question.
Russia did not get the special concessions
favored by the treaty made by LI Hung
Chang. Even to the hour before his death,
when the Chinese statesman was all but
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April .1.— There are
many signs that Secretary of the Treas
ury Shaw is about ready to put into effect
numerous radical changes for the im-.
provement of the. service. The Secretary
will say to no one what he intends doing,
but his activity in investigating the work
ings of the vast machinery under him has
only one meaning— that many things and
many men are to be changed. Secretary
Shaw has not" been taking the word of
men who held responsible positions under
Secretary Gage, who soon after he came
Into the Cabinet offered him a great quan
tity of advice.. He has been finding out
for himself. Except as to the Immigra
tion Bureau he had been given free reir.
by the President, and he has been busily
engaged In overhauling all the bureaus.
He has dissected the customs division in
Washington and the Custom-house" in
New York. He has looked into the mat
ter of th-j appraisement of merchandise
in New York. He has been through the
treasury from top to bottom and knows
all about the capabilities arid disqualifi
cations of Treasurer Roberts and every
body under him. He knows the heads of
bureaus who are satisfactory and who are
not. The Secretary has been getting ail
the information within reach. ' He has
consulted men who were in the service of
the Goyer'nnj»nt,_»but. recenUyrctired^and
has listened^ to those who have" had "busi
ness with the various departments.
There is a belief that a big shape-up is
impending in the New York Custom
house. Collector Stranahan will have a
conference with the Secretary in a few
days, and plans for the improvement of
the service will be mapped out. ¦ It •will
be the policy of the Secretary to get along
with as little friction as possible. He has
said to no one that he intended to make
many or a few changes, but it is clear
that he is far from satisfied with the way
many things are done at. this time. It is
also evident that he is getting rather
wearied with the. efforts of politicians to
compel him to keep certain persons in
office whether he deems them fit or not.
Speelal Dispatch to The Call.
principalship of the Imperial Chinese Col
lege at Peking, arrived by the steamer
Empress of Japan to-day. He says the
recent treaty of Great Britain and Japan
VICTORIA, B. C, April 1.— Dr. W. A. P.
Martin, who a month ago resigned the
Russian forces in. Manchuria total:
43,800 infantry, 20,000 cavalry, 10,000 artil
lery. 3400 engineers and 8000 railway corps,
or a grand aggregate of 33,200. To these
may be added the Amur army, which is
paid to consist of 30,000 of all arms, so that
the total available Russian force in those
regions of Asia is 123.299.
PEACE NOT PERMANENT.
Official reports received here from New.
chwnng declare the Russians to be dis
playing great military activity there. Ten
thousand troops have recently been
moved to Port Arthur and new drafts are
arriving. An extensive and permanent
telegraph system is being constructed.
convention, the main conditions of which
•were recently agreed upon by Paul Les
sar, Russia's Minister to China,' and
Prince Ching, President of the Chinese
Foreign Office, permits China to maintain
•whatever force she thinks necessary in
Manchuria after the evacuation of that
territory.
PEKING, April 1.— The Manchurian
• Attorney Edwin A. Messerve appears for
all 'the plaintiffs, and the corporation de
fendants : are represented by Frank A.
Short and Judge Cook of Fresno, C. Lin
kenbach of Bakersfield, J. S. Chapman rtf
Los Angeles, Flint & Barker and R. H.
Countryman. .
all the lands in Kern County held by in
corporated oil concerns have been ac
quired by transfer from the original lo
cators,' an idea may be formed as to the
vast Importance to oil men of. the ques
tions involved. On all agreed points stip
ulations have been filed and testimony
will'be taken as soon as the preliminary
steps can be taken and the legal cobwebs
are swept away. ,
One of the most important features of
the litigation hinges on the allegation by
the plaintiffs that a corporation is; but an
individual and that under the law a single
person ,| cannot locate more -than-^ twenty
,'icres of landr- '¦ jBy" this JtV.te Veid.' thai J>e-' j
cause' eight .locators, claiming .^a" quarter,
section of land, transfer their claims to a
corporation.^ does not follow that such
corporation can legally claim the quarter
section after discovery is made or in fact
that It can do more than to obtain patent
to twenty acres of the.land. .As nearly
. : The Kern, Oil Company is the only de
fendant- appearing upon the record, it be
ing the original locator, but a portion of
the property has since been transferred
to other concerns, and the Four Oil Com
pany, the Elwood, the Grand Central, the
Kansas City and the Aztec are affected.
BAKERSFIELD, April 1.— Litigation
which involves directly and indirectly oil
lands -valued fat $20,000,000, and which, if
sustained, will overturn many -precon
ceived ideas concerning 'the proving up
on oil lands and the obtaining of patents
for them, was begun in ' the Superior
Court of this county this afternoon.
•The lands '"¦¦directly -.'involved are the
southwest quarter of 32, 28-28, the south
west quarter of 4, 29-28 and the southeast
quarter of 4, 29-28. The suits are brought
by T. J. Kelly and IV T. Clemens against
the Kern Oil Company, and . the conten
tion is made that there has never been a
legal location made by the defendants on
any of the land involved; that the orig
inal, location was made prior to the dis
covery of oil, and that in law the mineral
•locations amount to nothing, as they
should have been filed subsequent to such
discovery. . , _•
¦ ¦ . . ¦ -. ¦ ¦ -
Special Disratch to The Call.
Prince Tuan May Lead
Rebels Toward
Peking.
Shake-Up Also Com
ing in New York
Custom=House.
Method of Acquiring
Claims Alleged to
Be Illegal.
UNCOVER HUMAN BONES.
In the hope of discovery they unsluns
their picks, and, descending a little ra
vine, began to dig at the lowest point.
"Within four feet of the surface human
bones, half petrified, were discovered.
They evidently had lain at much greater
depth, but erosion had thinned the cru-;t~
of earth above them. The skeletons wera
In. various postures, as though, death had
-tome suddenly. upQu.the ancjents, striking
them down as they were engaged in the
daily routine of life.
Next the searchers came upon rude
spoons' and bowls. They were apparently
of stone, but they bore no resemblance to
the Indian relics which the traveler sees
often in that region. Implements which
perhaps were used as hammers ani
chisels were found. They, too, were to
tally unlike the known implements of the
Indians. Some of the stone articles wera
of such design that they could not be
classified at all.
ANTEDATED THE INDIANS.
The surveyors became convinced that
they had chanced upon relics of a race
that antedated the known Indians so far
as to have little in common with them.
It was the conviction of the party that
the ruins of a settlement or city, possibly
engulfed with its inhabitants by an erup
tion of the long extinct volcano, lie be
neath the lava and can be reached with
comparative *ease from certain points
.where little lava remains. The surveyors
•had : not the proper instruments, or the
time for extensive excavation, but they
propose to return to the spot better
equipped, in the hope of making discov
eries of remarkable interest to archaeol
ogists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, April 1.— Edgar Cox, a
miner, reached Redding to-day after a
hard trip across the country from Lassen
Buttes, forty miles east of here, bringing
a story of strange discoveries of far deep
er interest than the great crater and the
springs and caves of the lava fields. Tho
discoveries are of bones and Implements
denoting a people and a state of civiliza
tion existing there centuries ago. A sec- .
ond Pompeii may be hidden beneath the
lava and igneous rock which belched in a
far remote period from the mouth of the
grim old crater.
A party of timber surveyors were pick
ing their way over the "rough country
south of the defile called Nooles Pass to
cross the rugged range. In the very
shadow of the ancient cone they fount!
sea shells of surprising color and snap-.'.
A cursory inspection of the surroundings
revealed other and larger shells and tha
men became deeply interested.
Antedates Relics of
Aborigines Known
to History.
Scores of Big Corpo=
rations Interested
% in Outcome.
Plans of Czar Tend
to Permanent Oc=
cupation.
Intends to Make All
Incompetent Men
Walk Plank.
Lie$ at the Base of a
Long Extinct
Volcano*
Masses a Vast Army
Within Borders of
Manchuria.
Delvers Uncover An*
cient Village Near
Redding.
Millions at Stake in
a Suit Filed at
Bakersfield.
Significant Activity
of Secretary of-
Treasury.
ATTACKS
TITLE TO
OIL LAND
RADICAL
CHANGES
BY SHAW
RUSSIA
SCHEMES
TO STAY
FIND CITY
BURIED IN
THE LAVA
GOVERNOR SANFORD B. DOLE
ARRIVES ON THE SIERRA
EN ROUTE TO WASHINGTON
QUAINT RUINS OF A CALIFORNIA POMPEII ARE DISCOVERED
BY SURVEYORS NEAR THE SILENT CRATER OF LASSEN BUTTES
!SA^ '^RAilsrci^
VOLUME XCI— XO. 123.
PRICE FI YE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.Nine^Million ;Yen ; the Loss. .>
. YOKOHAMA. April \ i:— The : log's: by" fire
at ; Fukui, '. near ' the northwest «: coast of
the 'of Hdnshui, where "4000 houses
weriK destroyed,- is- estimated v at-: 9,000 COO
yen. -;¦"... v. ¦::¦•¦' :-.-•---,- .>;-.>,-• ,-,-. •
BUTTE. Mont, April 1.— James Ryan, a
miner In the Anaconda, mine, to-night was
killed in a cave-in. Ryan was .shoveling
waste on the 1300-foot level and the whole
level gave way, burying him beneath hun
dreds of tons of ore and rock. It may re
quire a week's work to recover >. the body",
so great Is the mass covering: -it.
Tens of Ore Crash a Miner.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 1.-A story is
brought from Vladivostok by the Empress
cf a Russo-Japanese war 6care which w»s
not without its humorous features. It
seems that a Danish steamship put into
Possiet Bay to obtain water and supplies
and a rumor reached Vladivostok that
the Danish tramp, which was peaceably
trading on the .Siberian coast, was a Jap
anese warship which was flying the flag
of Denmark as a ruse. Something like a
panic resulted at "Vladivostok. Seven guns
were hastily placed on board an ice crush-
Ing vessel then lying In port and the Ice
crusher battleship steamed off for Pos
siet Bay at full speed, only, to return next
day covered with ridicule.
Forth to Attack.
Russians at Vladivostok M!ount Guns
. on Ic*-CrusWng Ship and Go
MISTAKE THAMP VESSEL" ;
FOB JAPANESE WARSHIP
P0OLE0OM; MEN SEEK^ V l > ¦
TO BAR MANY V OTEBS
Bring Suit to Have Names of Sausa-
litans Stricken rroin the
: ,,; ':Register. ¦ '•¦;. ¦'¦¦
• SAN: RAFAEL, April 1.— A ' new : phase
in the poolroom fight at Sausalito appear
ed" this afternoon, when J. r Hr Smith be
gan suit In the Superior Court to have the
names of several prominent . Sausalltand
stricken from, the great register. .' 'Judga
Angellottl Issued an. order compelling tho
men to appear before, him, on 'April 7 and
show, cause: why they' should, not; be re
stricted , from voting at ; the coming mu
nicipal election in Saus"alito.
'The suit-is- brought .against- County
Clerk Robert Graham to have the names
of Michael Usina, Adolph; Sylva, John
Ferguson; Edward Bartlett; .Henry.Spen
cer, and W.-C. Brown canceled. It Is al
leged that i Uslna; Ferguson '-. and . Spencer
have not . been • residents of the district
ninety days; that Sylva. who * is a can
didate f or - re-election as .Town Trustee, is
not a citizen of: the United States and not
an I attorney at law: that* Bartlett 'is a
resident of San Rafael, and that Brown
is - registered in San Francisco. ; .. .
The grand master recommended that a
district deputy be : appointed .for each
lodge. Four new lodges were -instituted
during the year and one was suspended"
because its membership had fallen below
the required number.. He also recommend
ed that a law be passed to compel a mem
ber going into another jurisdiction to reg
ister with the nearest lodge in: the juris
diction, so that Identification can be more
easily made, relief given and brothers
helped in their search for employment.' He
also suggested. that the system of paying
premiums for bringing in new members be
discontinued and that in' lieu thereof that
competent deputies be placed in.theTfleld'
W., li. Jordan, Clay W. . Taylor. \V. H.
Barnes. J. T. Rogers, David McClure, p.- Mc-
Pherson, E. Danforth, E. F. Loud, ¦, A.- C: 3an«i
J. N. Young, F. Adams, E.^N.'Deuprey, G. B.
Katzenstein, James Booth. J. W. Ward, D.. J.
Toohey, William Vlnter, 'George H." Bahrs, • J.
M. Collins, Charles E.- Snook and .W. Er D.
Morrison. .V-; • • • . ' ¦..',•
Thoce'who earned the title of. rjast
grand are D. S. Hirehberg and Samuel
liOOth. <\.-- : •
"Grand Master Morrison then read 'his
ceport, which showed that the unexpected
conflict between labor and capital,' result
ing in the long strike, had during the past
year the effect of creating a large; sus
pension list by reason, of the. .fact that
many of the men who were thrown out
of work were unable to meet their pecu
niary obligations. Other causes also had
a serious retarding influence upon' the or
der. The suspension' list was 3938,'- the
death list 428, and there wete,- 44 final
cards issued. During 1901 2137 new^ mem
bers were secured and 1814 were reinstat
ed.. The. average monthly amount of ex
pense -for extension work was $668 82, be
ing $46 51 less per month than the monthly
appropriation. The total amount expend
ed was $14,302 30,' of which sum 54958 was
spent during the three months prior to
the session of the previous Grand Lodge,
leaving a" balance of $9343 37 chargeable
against the administration of the present
Grand Lodge. -
It was decided that the sessions should
be from 10" a. m. to noon and from 2 to 5
o'clock in the afternoon, with evening. ses
sions if reauired. ¦ '.'•* •, - ¦ '
-Past Grand- Master Barnes -read: an-in
teresting sketch of the Past/Grand" Mas
ters'- Association of Calif orniat and stated
that the following have held 'the office of
grand master : workman In the following
order since 1S77: ' :-'•"'
Grand Master Morrison, assisted by Past
Grand Master Barnes, conferred the
Grand Lodge degree on a class of nearly
150 past masters who had never before at
tended a session of the grand body.
Lodge of the Degree of Honor.
A. O. U. W., will open its biennial session
this morning. Mrs. Minnie Bacon of San
Jose will be elected grand chief of honor.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen was called to order
by <3rand Master Workman Morrison. All
the grand officers and nearly, all of the
387 delegates from the lodges of the juris
diction answered rollcall. ' ';\"\,: :: ., ¦
The following named are the grand' of
ficers srhd past grands" entitled tb;seats in
the lodce :..-.; ' : \''l.^^ .'.'-I'''.:; v" : V '['.
Charles E. Snook, past grand master ,wprk
rnan; W. E. D. Morrison, Krand mastec work
man: E. A. Freeman, grand ¦ foreman; F. W.
Browning-, grand overseer; C. T. Spencer, grand
recorder; Samuel Booth, grand receiver; J: E.
Thomas, grand guide; J. H. Belodeau, grand'la
eide watchman; John Jonneon, - grand outside
watchman; Dr. J. L. Mayon, grand medical
examiner; William H. Barnes,' deputy grand
master workman; E. Danforth, grand lecturer;
paet grand master workmen— .W llliam H. Jor
dan William H. Barnes, Duncan McPherson,
F, Adams, V. S. Hirshberg, James T. Kogers,
J. . N, Young. George B. Katzenstelri, Edwin
Danforth. Bam Booth, E. F.' Lioud,' James
Booth. William Vlnter, George H.Bahrs, J. M.
Collins, Charles E. Snook." . : • -¦¦ : ••:'"•
THE Grand Lodge of the .Ancient.
Order of. -United Workmen opened
its twenty-fifth session yesterday
in Odd Fellows' Hall.' The Grand
The Grand Lodge - of •: the .Degree of
Honor will hold Its first session this morn
ing. .A district convention -m of - the
lodges: -of :,the .Degree of. 'Honor' was
held yesterday. The. convention- was
opened. by^MJss Loretta B. Donnelly, tha
president, and the work of the order was
exemplified . by • a . team from"' Stockton. A
number of" questions' in connection with
the work were asked by the delegates. At
the • afternoon.; session ,the : work • was ' ex
emplified by a' team from; Forget i Me Not
Lodge' of this city. This was followed by
an exhibition . drill . by, a team'if rom Fres
no. The ladles were attired in white Gre
cian,: gowns'; lined-, with- nlnk;'. and 'wore
white mortar-boards. Theyv- .were. ' pro
ficient in the . drill, . executing all move
ments.-, under ' the'eommand, of : Captain "J
M. ¦ Collins, .with ainrecision that won for
them.; applauses.',; '¦¦'¦.:$¦¦:;¦<."¦;*¦ • •
The grand body then adjourned.
It was expected that there- would 'be a
contest when the proposition .to -'meet
twice a year was taken up/.'but- the pro
posed amendment was not adopted,
j The 'Grand Lodge voted- to return $150
that had been: paid into the Grand Lodge
by Del Norte. Lodge for assessments for
a brother who had made his certificate
payable, to the lodg:e. The act: of the
member was -. nullified by the Supreme
Lodge. • >' . r
The business was then proceeded With.*
A proposition to reduce the number of
representatives to the Grand Lodge was
lost. One to amend the law in regard to
assessment notices in the official orpan
was recommitted after a' long discussion.
It was decided to make the fee for the
reissuance of a beneficiary certificate 30
cents. Several amendments with regard
to forms so as to comply with recent
changes by the Supreme Lodge were
adopted. The recommendations of ' the
grand recorder, were indorsed. The recom
mendations, of the grand- master. for ag
gressive and progressive' methods of do
ing: business and for deputies were also
indorsed, and it was . the sense of • the
meeting that the incoming grand officers
take up and act upon the suggestions.
Past Grand- Master Barnes thanked
Mayor Schmitz for hjs kind wishes, and
he expressed the, hope on behalf of the
Workmen that the Mayor's term "will
prove most brilliant. >
The announcement .was made that drill
teams from Fresno, Sacramento and San
Jose will : compete, to-morrow night for
trophies. ;..-The, grand recorder- was re
quested to. invite .the '.drill teams of the
Degree of Honor.; to appear* before the
Grand Lodge and give an exhibition drill.
Before thT--or»eninf--pf the afternoon ses
sion of the lodge Mayor Schmitz was es
corted to the platform, and introduced by
Past Masters Barno3 and Danforth. After
being greeted by. the grand master work
man, the Mayor on behalf of the citizens
of San Francisco, extended a hearty wel
come to . the grand officers and repre
sentatives. .-' r yv<-> ¦•',-•>.,
Deputy Grand Master \V. H. Barnes pre
sented a lengthy report. in which he gave
an account, of itho work pf -~ the , several
local extensionjeommittees and of the dis
trict deputies. • He offered 'a number of
suggestions, among them the discontinu
ing of premiums to-members and the con
tinuance of. the offer of prizes to lodges
and members.. ,- '¦'. ¦:''.•'•¦ •
The report of Grand Recorder C. - T.
Spencer shows that the average age of the
members is. 4,5.33;. that ..the,tqtal member
ship at the Close of 1901 was 21,515, of
which number 16,901 held $2000 certificates
and 4614 held $1000 certificates.- The.tptal
receipts, from, all sources, were $855,923 38,
and the ,totaJ disbursements $850,763 43, of
which amount $745,363 IV' was, paid 'for
death claims, ?47.244 28 to the guaranty
fund, $4362 70 for Supreme Lodge per cap
ita U*..x, $6000 transferred to the beneiiciary
fund, -"SoOOO to repay bank for .money
loaned and $42,793 35 for all other purposes.
There were 392 $2000' claims, thirty-eight
$1000 claims and one" for ?5 94 (suicide).
During the year Southwest and Crockett
lodges surrendered their charters and the
membership was placed in other lodges.
The -grand recorder also recommended
the appointment of- a committee, to "revise
the laws of the order so as to conform
with the decisions, rendered by. the'Su
preme Court of this Stale, a new form of
blanks, the filing' of new beneficiary "reg
isters in his office and the furnishing of
fireproof safes for. the keeping of the rec
ords in the office and the continuing of
¦prizes to lodges. •'-' v - -. -.
to carry on the work of extension. This,
in his opinion, would require the employ
ment of twenty-five deputies at a month
ly salary of $(5 each, with- railroad fare
added, which would entail a cost of about
$30,000 a year. In his report the; grand
master paid a compliment to Grand Re
corder fapen'cer "for -the successful man
ner "in which hS obtained from the su
preme relief board the full amount of
claims amounting to $210,000, - also for the
able and untiring manner in which he has
conducted- 1 the affairs of his office, being
always ready to -assist* and never ceasing
td work for the good of the:6rder outside
as well as inside of the office.''. ;•'...
Besides the election of thirty-six Alder
men—one each for thirty-six wards and
two from the Tenth Ward, one to fill a
vacancy— town oOicers, a Collector, Asses -
HOT, Buper^-isor and. Gierk>were' chosen In
the south, "northr'and west, towns of Lake
v(ew, Hyde, Park,. Jefferson' and .. Lake,
The- results 9 are f mixed; j The" Democrats
won. all the offices in. the north town- by
12C0,- but the. men ."elected -to. the offices of
Assessor, Collector, Clerk; and Supervisor
will never enter upon, their duties. . The
question of abolishing the various town
governments was submitted to the people
and carried by an overwhelming majority.
Other questions of public policy -were
voted upon, among them being municipal
ownership of street 1 - car. systems, gas
works and other public utilities, and the
nomination for .candidates. by vote at the
primaries instead pf by the usual custom
of holding . city, conventions. All of these
were favorably voted upon. None of these
votes, save > that en the abolishment of
the town ofllces, carried action with it.
MILWAUKEE, April 1.— Mayor David
S.- Rose, Democratic candidate for re
election,-carried the city by a' plurality of
about 17000 to 10,000 over Charles Hanson.
Republican. ,- Rose carried the remainder
of the Democratic ticket with him.
MADISON, Wis..' April 1.— The Republi
cans .carried the city by, 500 majority, a
gain of 1000 'over last. ; year. , John W.
Groves was elected Mayor over Professor
Storm -Bull, the incumbent. The. Council
will-have a Republican majority.;
. OMAHA, April 1.— City elections were
held in every town in Nebraska to-day
with the exception of Omaha. Generally
local Issues predominated and the mntter
of national; politics entered but slightly
into the campaign.- ¦¦• ;. ¦¦ y
The hottest fight of the campaign waa
in thet First Ward, where a determined
effort was made by the opponents of John
J. Coughlin, known as "Bathhouse John,"
to defeat/ him. It was the only ward in
the city. where anything like 'a' full vote
was polled.' Coughlin won easily, how
ever, e securing a majority of "Jtioo \ votes
over. David L. Frank, the Republican can
didate." -:¦' • ¦:--¦¦ i - -
CHICAGO, April 1.— The -Republicans
and Democrats each made a net gain of
one Alderman in the ; city election held to
day. The 1 new. Council -will consist; of 3D
Republicans, 30 Democrats^! Independent.
The old Council consisted Of 38 Republi
cans, 20 Democrats '¦ and 3 Independents.
SAN JOSE WOMAN WHO. WILL.' BE ELECTED' GRAND CHIEF ; OF
" HONOR'OF THE WOMEN'S' BRANCH OF THE ANCIENT ORDER OF
UNITED WORKMEN. : ' " . ' '. ; v ; : ' v "• ' :
First Ward the Scene of
Hottest EjgEfc in Chi-^
cagovEiection.
PHILADELPHIA, April 1.— Fearing
that he would be arrested for theft,-Wli
, Uam;H.; Lane.^awnegro bjitler, shot and
Skilled his employer, Mrs. Ella J. Furbush,
her; 12-year7Oi<J .daughter Madeline, and
probably , mortally wounded another,
daughter, ~ Eloise, 7 years, at their
home, 652 North Fifteenth street, shortly
before noon to-day. '_'
Lane, who is 25 years of age, escaped
from "tne* house,- and four hours later was
captured by Philadelphia detectives while
waiting in 'Camden, • N. J.; ¦ to . board a
train f lor. Bridgeton, N. J. He was imme
diately Wought to this city, was identified
by little Eloiseand. confessed his crime. ,
<».The murder was - one of the most cold
blooded committed in this crty for -some
time." 'Mrs. Furbush lived with her two
daughters jf In a four-story house, which
was furnished with all the comfort that
an. ample purse could provide. Lane had
been her butler.; since Christmas, • and ber
sides him she had another colored servant,
a '.woman', named' Agnes. Recently Mrs.
Furbush;had beenmisslng small amounts
of. money, -and: finally, she Informed the
police,- who began an investigation, which
was still: in, progress when to-day's trag
edy/was enacted.^ Suspicion fell- on Lane
and .-a warrant was sworn out for his ar
re'st.--.. -•¦•!-,.,: -i" ' ¦'¦ f. '., .'¦ .;-;¦• ' '¦'¦
¦ : According 'to '.'Lane'sAConfession he saw
¦Mrs. Furbush onv-Monday night counting
a largeiroll- of bills..-. Knowing where she
kept the money, he bided his time, and at
an opportune moment late in the evening
he -stole' $70.' - This morning Mrs. Furbush
'missed 'the money and -questioned the col
ored man,. bufhe denied all knowledge of
having- seen' it.. Expecting that the theft
;would.-, be', placed.: on him\and -;that Mrs.
.-JSurbush \wQuldt,have'hlm ; arrested, Lane
planned to murder the. mother and chil
dren^, rob the' house and. disappear. -
' v< > At 11; o'clock he went/to ..the 'third floor
and-. found Mrs. Furbush in one of the
middle : rooms. He . instantly shot her
twice, once in the breast' and then
through the' heart. , She died instantly.
Eloise, ; who was in "another' room, hear
ing the noise,' ran ln'to see what was the
matter, and as she entered Lane shot her
in the abdomen. She fell and he thought
he had killed her.
-Without ever attracting . the attention
of the other servant, who was ironing In
the kitchen, Lane went to the front door
and called in Madeline, who was skating
on roller skates , on the sidewalk. He
told her that her mother wanted her on
the third floor, and without the slightest
suspicion of the .tragedy that was being
enacted she climbed the stairs without
removing her skates. She went into a
room adjoining that in which her mother
lay dead. Lane followed her, and as she
cheerily called her mother the negro shot
her through the heart. . l . .^
Lane made. a full confession. He is the
son of a preacher who lives in Bridgeton,
and he has served' a term In the Mount
Holly, N. J., jail for larceny and has been
confined in the Huntingdon, Pa., reform
atory. ' * ' "• . . : - • ¦ ¦ ••¦ - ¦ '
There seems to be a mystery regarding
the domestic life.of Mrs. Furbush. In the
neighborhood where she lived she was
variously known as Mrs. Furbush and
Mrs. Fisher. The woman, who was 47.
years of age. was ' well supplied with
money, owned the fine, house she lived In,
had her own horses and carriages and
lived -a. -life of ease.' As a result 'of an
investigation 'Coroner Dugan'ls endeavor
ing >Uj secure the attendance! at the in
quest of Charles A. : Furbush; a :. wealthy
manufacturer of ! millinery of this U?lty.
Furbush was out of the city to-day on
business:- ';- ¦ - > ¦ ill »-«-. -^...- - -¦ -">•
WOIIAN THIES 1 :TO , KII*Ij '"-: :
• MOSCOW -; POLICE. PBEFEGT
ST. PETERSBURG; April i.— The police
prefect, of. Moscow, Trepoff, had a nar
row escape from assassination yesterday.
While ¦ receiving visitors : a governess,
named Allart, suddenly drew a revolver
placed its muzzle at the official's breast
and pulled the trigger. The weapon, how
ever, missed- fire. In the subsequent ex
citement the woman tried to escape but
was arrested. • it is believed- that . the at
tempt was connected with the recent stu
dent troubles. ,...';-••
While the Migorod Regiment was parad
ing on the barracks square at Kieff yes
terday Captain Sofronoff j shot and killed
Lieutenant Grodski for maligning the
former's familv. • . . \ , • v
BERLIN, April 1.— Ac dispatch to the
Tageblatt from St. Petersburg, dated
March 31, says the students are organiz
ing a fresh revolutionary movement and
have succeeded in mailing 10,000 circulars
mostly-addressed to -persons belonging to
the educated classes,' imploring them to
attend,, armed if possible, a Revolutionary
demonstration in front of the Kasan
Cathedral to-dav. ; . '. : .
, NEWARK, N. . J., April l.-Dr! Thomas
Dunn English died early to-day. Dr.
English/who was a writer of some nqte,
was widely known as the author of "Ben
Bolt." ¦ : He was born, in .Philadelphia . in
1819 and was graduated, from the Univer
sity of. Pennsylvania as a doctor of medi
cine in 1839... Later ho studied law 'and
was admitted to the" Philadelphia bar
He was in journalism in New York from
1844 to 1859, when he came to Newark 1 to
practice medicine. He. was. a member of
the New Jersey Legislature in 1863-64 He
served- two terms in Congress -from New
Jersey. ¦ • ¦'¦ • . ¦ : ¦"-¦. ¦ — 7 . .
Pav Director H. T. Wright.
' JANESVILLE, . Wis,,/ April " 1.— Word
has been received Taere ' of the 'death of
Henry T. Wright, pay director^ of the
navy, : at . Port Said, March '28. Wright
was due to le'ave Manila for 'New 1 York
via the Suez canal March 3, and at that
time was | threatened :with typhoid fever
The > supposition is. that ,- this . disease
caused: his ' death! WrJght was born in
Syracuse, N. Y..-in 1S43. • , •
George H. ScantleSury.
MURPHTS, April l.-GeorgeH. Scan
tlebury, .a leading .citizen, of Calaveras
County, died' last evening. The funeral
will be conducted by the Masonic frnter
nityon "Wednesday, ',. • ..'."¦;--.-
James ; Dowdell."
ST. HELENA, April 1.— Jfemcs . Dow
deil, an old resident of this valley, died
uthis home in St. Helena yesterday after
a short illness at the. age of 62 years.
Continuing his statement j<3ron'explaine<l
how the Danish parties opposing a sale of
the islands had persuaded him' 'to come
to Washington and place the Christmas
report before Congress and the public so
that the facts would be known. In reply
to specific questions he said he knew of
no Senator- or. Representative who had
, been bribed or whom any one had at
tempted to bribe. At the State Depart
ment he -had only personally seen Kasson.
Gron was then Excused.' -Chairman Dal
zell - announced that he had summoned
Abr.er McKlnley.:' Colonel Brown and
Fischer Ha risen- and that they would ap
pear on Thursday.
Gron was the first witness sworn by
Chairman Dalzell. He said that in Feb
ruary last parties -in • -Copenhagen wno
opposed the transfer of the Danish West
Indies to the United States conferred with
him and brought to his attention the
Christmas report. Chairman Dalzell asked
who these parties were. The witness said
the}' were members of the Danish upper
house, but he did not think it proper to
give their names. - • • ¦"- *- •- • ~-
Senator -Bacon closed the. Incident by
saying that he would not press the" reso
lution, in view "of the expressions of so
many Senators, and in consequence of
this announcement the Senate adjourned
without taking action.
The investigation of the charges made
in connection with the purchase was be
gun before the special committee ap
pointed by Speaker Henderson. Besides
the members of the committee there was
present Niels Gron. who brought the
charges to the attention of Representa
tive Richardson, and quite a number of
interested spectators.
Investigation in Committee.
Senator Bcccn was interrupted fre
quenuy by Republican Senators, and wh.en
he took nis eeat there were several" of
them on the floor ready to respond to his
suggestion. They agreed to. a man that
the Senate was not called on to take any
action under the '^circumstances, saying
that the charges had not been made pub
lic and were not known when the treaty
was ratified; that the President could be"
depended upon to perform his duties with
out ary hint from the Senate, and that
tne House investigation probably very
soon would dex-elop that the charges were
based upon nothing. They expressed re
gret that any charges had been made, but
said they saw no reason why the eale ct
the islands should not proceed.
Senator Cullom, as chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, said that
the treaty had received careful considera
tion and that there was general . agree
ment to the effect that the United States
from both a strategic and economic stand
point had done well in acquiring them.
Senator Ix>dge. also of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and other Republican
members took the same position.
Senator Nelson spoke with more feeling
than most other Senators, saying that he
did not consider that the charge, originat
ing, as it did originate, with persons who
were unknown to the Senate, were worthy
of that body's serious consideration. In
his opinion to take any such step as. was
contemplated by the resolution under the
circumstances would be an insult to the
Government of Denmark. ; ..--¦ .••
In presenting the resolution Senator Ba
con said that:n«- brought it tQ; the atten
tion of the senate out of a sense of duty
and or a iiigh regard of_ the- 'position of
mat boay befpre tne. countrj'- He out
lined the cbnTgee^made ' by^Oron to the
fttect. thai -Ulirtstmas, -another, subject of
Denmark, hadtoiade a report to tfie effect,
that he was to receive hi per cent. of. the'
consideration of. $5,000,000 .to be paid by tha
United Statts to Denmark for the islind.
Sense of Duty Involved.
HASmNuiuK, April 1'.— iu vne exftcu?
live tttsion ol tno fccfiate td-day Senator
xsacon ol ueorgmtoucrta a resuiuuop re-;
<iuesung tne i-iofiaetit to deter tne issu
ing or nis procian.aurti "aunounciiig me;
itcijuisitum oi tue uanish Avest ladies 'un-*
uer tne terms ol tna treaty receuuy negt^
natea wnn x^enmurK untn the penumg:'iii- :
\csugatioii tot tae caarge of bn&ery inade
in coiinection with toe • treats should be
conciuuea by the Rouse, of itepresenta-;
tives. "''^' "'•- " .'••
'me resolution provoked^ smart debate,
wnieh waa parucipated th by Senators
iiacon and Money, uoth Democratic mem-i
bers of the Committee on t'ortign rte.a-.
lions, on the - one t-ide, and by .{Senators
cunom. Loage, ¦ Hanna, Allison; •¦ Nelson,
and ether KepUbiicans on tne other. ts^ue.
COPENHAGEN, April L— All interest in
the sale of the Damsh West Indies to the t
Lniied States is now concentrated in the
upper house. Already one secret sitting
l.sis been held and a second one will take
pjace to-morrow, 'ihe final one will be
i.eiti at the end of the weelt; tinless the
rreEiaent, who is unfavorable to the sale,;
should use ms arbitrary p»wer ul post-i
poutmeni. -.".-. . — -:»^-". *. r . :l
'lne probability is that the upper; house,
will oy a sinuii majoiiiy ijtuuicjce in taei
taie on conaiuon tuat a A'oits "bo taken of
uic innaouante, wi»o ure cfiieny c-oior«»a;
yeop.'i ana Xnsh. \ Whether tue lower;
House will aglet; to -tnis is npt at all sure.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BATHHOUSE JOHN
AMONG WINNERS
Miss ; Adamspn .-.was^ on _her way_ to_ a_
dressmaker late, yesterday when she was
met by Allen.rwho- tpld her that a dress-,
maker at, . a : designated residence, was
waiting to see 'her.- The 1 young, girl, went,
to -the address mentioned' by .the ' negro,,
who followed;: her into the- nouse,. which
Miss Adamsoh found was\vacant.. ; . ".: 'y
-A woman dri ; a- near-by .porch, attracted
by the noise-of the struggle, 1 succeeded in
f rightenlnR 'Allen away and' he escaped.
Late this "afternoon. he was. captured and
brought to this city and placed in. Jail. . :
As soon asvthe news t)f his capture was
learned a mob formed and marched to. the
jail, ' demanding*' -: the negro. :-. The; Sheriff
refused to { deliver:- the i keys' ; and . pleaded
that the law shoutdib'e' allowed to take
its course.v'Upotr the. Sheriff's; refusal of
the I keys .the; jail /door i was . forced ! open
with, sledge : ha jnmeri 'and- the steel ca^e
of AIlen',a cell: was broken in.- :The' negro
was.. carried v a ':."sq*uare ¦.and? a ;; half> away
and allowed ;;to" make 'a- statement, -Allen
declared that lie* was innocent and prayed ¦
that, the- guilty,- party'beVfpvind..vThe,.men
who-"- took- partiin.the-,hanging..wdre : not
masktd. •¦Mlss-Adar»aon ; b'elongs'to one of
the most; prominent families in Rome. ;;
. RO ME , : ;Ga.\ .\ April '. .1."— -Walter ; Allen; • a
•negro, charged Jwith'i' attempting to crim
inally assault-Miss:Jgip5SOm'Adainson,.a
15-year-cld''; girl; '•; in^this ¦. city. ; : yesterday
afternoon;' was; takenifrqm-, the J al .l,;l*/ ) ." j
night by ".4000 men, who battered down thej
prison, doors ; ahd- hanged '.him to an>elec-;
triclightpple-in' the principal portion of :
the city. 'A. volley; was fired afterward. ./
Assailant ¦ jof ( a v Young Girl
Pays Pendlty ; for fii3 r;
Senate .Continues Its Investi
gation of Alleged
Scandal. ;
¦¦•.-^elpiiiai
Tragedy Occurs in a
' / \ Rich Home in Phila-
Thief KjIIs Mother- and
D augh ter and Shoots
L v'-a Child-i®
Four :Thousand v People
V Hang a Negro in a
Southern' Town. '?.:
Plebiscite May Be Neces
sary Before Island
Sale. V'
CROWNS CRIME
WITH MURDERS
DANES AT OODS
OVER A TREATY
GEO RGIA MOB
LAUGHS AT LAW
THE SA^ FRA^CISGO GALL, WEDKESDAYj APRIL 2, 1902:
BUTTER COLOR
IS THE TOPIC
PEACE FIRST,
THEN A SYSTEM
House Republicans Sug
gest a" Philippine
-Ml ' -Z 'Measure.
Senators Dsive Into the
Manufacture of Oleo-
margarine.
-WASHINGTON, 'April L— The , Philip
pine civil government bill, as framed by
the 'Republican ' members of the House
Insular Committee, was presented to the
full committee 'at a meeting to-day. The
bill differs in many respects from tha. bill
just completed- by the- Senate Philippine
Committee chiefly in the-fotlowing point?:
A complete plan of civil government,
with a Legislative Assembly, including a
lower house elected by the people, ts pro
vided by the House bill, to go into effect
when permanent peace \s certified by tS->
Governor to the President to have been
established.:.and "after the completion of
a census.' ." ,
'/The ; House measure also adopts the
coinage plan recommended by the Philip
pine Committee and by Conant, who in
vestigated the subject for the War De
partment, making the gold dollar the unit
of, value. In 'addition -the bill providw
elaborate mining, timber and franchise
sections, and also sets forth a declara
tion of rights as a basis of citizenship.
The. committee will, meet again to-mor
row, and Chairman . Cooper expects to
hold continuous /sessions, so as to report
the bill by the end of this week.
The Democratic, members of the In
sular Committee have about agreed upon
the main features of a substitute bill.
This differs considerably from the substi
tute proposed by ,the. Democratic Senp
ators. It contemplates ultimate independ
ence of the islands, this Government re
serving such coaling stations or naval
bases as may be necessary. The with
drawal of the United States troops is con
templated as soon as a native police es
tablishment is in operation. It Is not ex
pected that the House Democratic substi
tute will provide for a repayment to tha
United States of the J20.000.000 paid Spain,
as provided in the Senate Democratic bill.
CROCKETT, April t-Westbound train
No. 1 on the Southern Pacific struck and
killed an unknown man at Crockett sta
tion this afternoon. Coroner Curry will
hold an inquest in Martinez to-morrow.
Meets Death, on the Bails.
WASHINGTON, April 1.— An agreement
was reached by the Senate to-day to vote
on' the pending oleomargarine bill betora
adjournment next Thursday. Debate on
the measure was continued throughout
to-day's . session. Heitfeld of Idaho op
pesed. the bill because he believed that It
proposed to drive the . oleomargarine ' in
dustry to. the wall. Gallinger of New
Hampshire advocated the bill because, ho
said, if was a protest against fraud and
against an industry "which {depended for
its success unon duplicity and dishon
esty."- . i •
Spooner of Wisconsin made an extended
legal" and constitutional argument in sup
port of the measure. He maintained that.
Congress had the constitutional . right to
tax oleomargarine and ¦ he . supported the
measure because he believed .such a .tax
was in the Interest of the people. Dis
cussing the coloring of oleomargarine,- he
said: *fS*&Cx*j&t3B&$~Wr- -s . - ¦¦.--.<.
¦¦ "The most impudent proposition I ever
heard is that of the hog and. steer butter
makers that they discovered the butter
color. You may color butter as. you please
and- it is still butter, and you may color
oleomargarine as you please, and It is
still not butter."
-Bailey of :Texas began a speech 4n op
position, to the pending measure, consid
ering the bill especially In its legal aspect
and in its relation to questions of fact.
.The. House to-day made rapid- progress
with the sundry civil appropriation . bill,
completing ninety-three of the one hun
dred and twenty-nine - pages of the bill.
Efforts to amend the bill were success
fully defeated as a rule by Cannon, chair
man of the Appropriations . Committee,
who was personally in charge of the
measure. ' ...¦'.'
. Sulzer of^New York offered an amend
ment to appropriate 550,000 for lighting
the torch of Bartholdi's Statue of Liberty
in New York harbor. . Sulzer said this
light was put. out March 1. Since the
statue was erected in lSSfy'imtil now, he
said, the sundry civil bill Vad always car
ried an appropriation for^his light. When
Sulzer . concluded Cannon ; congratulated
him on the speech and then asked him' if
he withdrew. his amendment. Sulzer re
plied In the negative, whereupon Cannon
said that the pending bill carried Jl.900,000
for lights, the. expenditure of which, he
said, was entirely within the discretion
of the lighthouse board. Cannon said tho
Appropriation Committee had made some
investigation and had ascertained that
the light on the - Bartholdi statue was
valueless for commercial purposes. On a
rising, vote the; amendment was carried—
43 to 33. Some New - York schoolteachers
in the gallery applauded, vociferously.
Cannon •• immediately, demanded tellers.
"You will have to carry- this by tellers
and an aye and- no vote before it is finally
adopted," he declared emphatically. Great
interest was taken in the vote by tellers.
The page? scurried out to the restaurant
and committee rooms to bring in. ab
sentees.. When the vote was finally com
pleted the first vote was reversed and tho
amendment was defeated— 61 to 67.
FATHEB. AND "CHILDBEN
PERISH IN" THE FLAMES
Six Lives . Are Lost in the , Burning
of a Besidence in.Pennsyl
¦}':, : '.. '¦ ,, vania. .' \. ¦'¦:.¦ ' ¦ .- '
.JOHNSTOWN, Pa.. April l.'-Six persons
were burned to death to-night in Prosser
Hollow, a mile -from the outskirts of the
%l y ' 3. n a , fire whIcli destroyed their home!
The dead are:' - • •-. • ;*•-. .- ---, . .
PHILIP P. MITCHELL aged 53:ve a rs
JACOB P. MITCHELL." 14 years *
MARY MARTHA MITCHELL' 12 years
CHARLES EDWARD MITCHELL 'li
years. -•-¦> ' - .f-*".--"-
JESSIE M. MITCHELL, 8 years
ALICE FRANCES MITCHELL; 6 years.
In the house at the time were xlMnine'
Mr. and, Mrs. Mitchell, The '^nildre" wh?
were burned and three other children
Mrs. Mitcheir and her daulhter SopWe
were the first to be awakened by.the-heat
and smoke of the flames. . They awakened
1 kSJJ 0UtsW e and screamed
for help. Neighbors • were aroused, but
they could d<> nothing but stand helpless
ly by and watch the house burn, and with
it the bodies' of the father and five chil
dren. ¦-¦/ " ' . ¦ . i ...--;-,
Fixes Bail fort Bathbone.
. HAVANA, ; April 1.— -The Supreme Court
has' fixed the bail'of Estes G. Rathhnn* nt
J100.COO j cash/. The Vcounruiei^hTt until
sentenced Rathbone .was enUUed * to ball
under, the. postal code. ¦
Annual Reports Read I 'by "Officers ; : Show
That the Order Is- Steadily Advancing
and IsNow in, Ye ry -Prosperous Gondition
GRAND LODGE OF THE WORKMEN
OPENS TWENTY-FIFTH SESSION
2
THE DAY'S DEAD.
p. in., and WEDNESDAY;
EVENING from 8 to 9. •
By order of the Board of Elec-
All citizens must register to
vote at any Election 'of 1902.
Office open from 8 130 a. m. • to 5
Register at Once.
ATTENHGW,
VOTERS!
' u ;„ .To Cure Grip in , Two Days.
Laxative ' Bromo-Quinlce ; removes ' the caui«.
E.-WAOrove's aiffnatur* onrevery box. - '.-- .."•¦.
andjPULs
Ma4ce the .^blood. j-purie, vigorous ' and
rich, v i create : p appetite, give ;' vitality,
strength and animation/ ;and ."/cure Vail
eruptions. Have the whole ; family :r be-
gin- to take them to-day. .''
Hood's Sarsa parilla promises to
cure and keeos the promise. ;• .
~'\ The; blood; is~ impure, '¦'•¦ weak'''; arid 1 ' im-
p'oyerishe.d-r-a .. condition -indicated ,, by
pimples ; and ;otlier; .eruptions '{"on :the
face ; and , body ,"¦ by.', deficient vitality^ loss*
of appetite, lack of strehRth and' want- of
animation. '. '-':¦'' -.;.--, -i^W 1 " :''i' ¦ .¦
Hood's Sqrsafifariila
Spring Medicine
: There is, no. other season when Xsrood
medicine -is . so ? much : needed' as in the
Spring.;. VM; *:'.' :..:•¦¦ ;; ;
?r^L''.''-?>*!!f Iv*" Some ballad," and play the accompani-
•¦'"•' ment on one of our "Steck" Pianos; .
W'&^^sS!i!^xS^3SSt PSaJ^:. and you are simply irresistible. The' :.
-SnK^SV^ HrTj Ss3 Bp». ¥» : melody of -its- pure, rich tone reaches
''i^f'^£s«^S2^^^^^^^' ra>rf the heart and wakens its slumbering
WM^^^^^^^^^^-'' 0 STECK PIANO is "unrivaled
Mi^''k'if&f^^frSSs^'i^^ & BkV: -purity of tone, and the most men- ¦
" ; i lo^ OU8 )m P rover pents.are embodied in ,-:
1 And while you are in our' showrooms '*,':.
i ~ J ~^^ 4F | ; Xt -, ¦ ¦ " BAKER PIANO PLAYER.' VYoiTwfirV
,'; „•¦- . . ¦ • - V^: find It vastly. superior, to all- others !n
; ¦ ,-" •' j -. the market at the present day. ;
¦•"-"••' n ' - The Steck, Everett, Hardman. Cono"
. ver, Packard and Ludwig-pk=inos l *and £r
: - . ' > cDfflSBflw'.' the Chase & Baker Piano Players arc v
, ¦ •¦'" sold only by the new. piano house of : .
iW£ WIL.EY B. ALv£EN£C*
;..', 931-933 MARKET: STREET, San Francisco. ; V V
Magic.
Tbc war falv«-cea cure» Pile*.
TMs rig&atiue la on erery bos of th« genoln*
Laxative Bromb-QtrimneTauea
to/naMd? that yxxrM a eoW In •¦» tfa»
' *. -, * -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tion. Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Registrap of Voters.
©ISIASED KIBNEYS.
If Any of Your Family!. tri This or Past Generations Have
B:en Troubled With Kidney Disease Make a Test
of Ycur Urine and Satisfy Yourself.
CURED FREE.
Miss Mabel Wood, a Society Leader of St. Joseph, Ma, Says
She Was Permanently Cured of Kidney and Bladder
Trouble by Warner's Safe Gure.
WARNER'S SAFE CURE
Is the'Only Cure for- All Forms iof Kidney Disease. A Trial
Bott e Will Be Sent Absolutely Free to .Any..,
. :; Reader of The Call.
TRY THIS SIMPLE TEST:
Put some moraine urine In a glass or bottle; let It stand twenty-f our , hours;
If then It is miifcV or cloudy or has a reddish, chalky sediment In the bottom of
the |?a-a otU 'pMtlcles. or .'germs float about In it, your kidneys are diseased.
a^ you should I riot lose a moment, but get a bottle of Warners Safe Cure^ as the
disease works very rapidly and is liable to gain such a foothoJcTthat you cannot
cure it. or stopj^spread without a HfEOTB^ Is an abso-
I. •-.' - - . lute cure for any form of kidney disease.
isSftSSMbia One .bottle will cure almost any light caa--.
¦ tl£&it&&E&&SBb*± and the free trial brings relief, while if
GSyS*S»aiSSS8»»*.' the disease Is allowed to make any hea<l-
i^^^ffi^^^Si^* way, so that it affects the different or-
ril§5^^SySg?2&jS. gans, it is liable to take months to clear
V»H$ t-^SKS«3S the system of the microbes and prevent
¥IP^ j- ctt Erlght's Disease. Diabetes; Uric Acid
~~ KBflWftafo ' 7?grrr -- Slnftf ¦ : Poison, Rheumatism. Rheumatic Gout,
**SB>«^S 'Tyf ' Female Weakness and all other complica-
\FFu'^ ''I tions of the Kidneys. Liver. Bladder, Un-
¦'^^A" H ' nary Organs and the Blood.
wlk~^M ABSOLUTELY CURED.
mb^h^^S T&~?'^s \ - ¦ Miss Mabel C. "V\'ood, a prominent &o-
." B^^/S \^r- ¦ ciety lady of St. Joseph,. Mo..^cannot say
yT|35}§i|S(^3 ~" V^^SfV too much in praise of Warner's Saf9
ft/Hyf 3^V^w~ l ''^^^S''VHpk. Cure has been most satisfactory and I am
[(fflmN'f" ' £*--~™>'wfflGR'ZffiMwiym K lad t0 write you that it has cured me of
KMMllW£r K^fflffiw&ji^Wrfffi'A kidr.ey and liver diseases with which I
WWf rl/W^iffiMmW#f//lffl/A have been troubled for a long while. My
miw J T& /§\M&fflltfrJ(wfflwfflA system was run down and 1 had what
' FAWxA Z 1 ' * 'M^^H^R doctors call Female Weakness." As soon
W&lSlw-Tffi \v^^^j^^Mw^^f^Km as I took Warner's Safe Cure I was ru-
WmJsA ! < \^ Sfiffit'lTm&Vxdte^'Mm Heved and permanently cured within a
WfMKft'*^' i^^^/^^f^&^ii'WA if:Vr weeks. You can imagine how thank-
V/MirihX '^XS^ MM ful I am to this medicine, for the doctor
M*/Mi-^^T^^ ifm* told me I could not be cured without a
WM'iffiSk change. of air and a change of scenery.
WWilO^^^ff^^^i^^l^^^t and I could not afford It. Warner's Safa
Cure is a wonderful medicine, and I wish: I could ' tell all suffering women how
quickly it cured me. Gratefully youra, .. ' MABEL. C. WOOD.
"1410 Church st., St. Joseph; Mo., Treas. Young- People's Temperance Assn.
- WARNER'S SAFE CTJUB Is -purely vegetable and contains no harmful
drugs, it does not constipate, it is a most valuable and effective tonic it Is a stim-
ulant to digestion and awakens the torpid liver", putting the patient Into the very
best receptive state for the work of the restorer of the kidneys. It prepares the
tissues, soothes inflammation and- irritation, stimulates the enfeebled organs and
heals at the same time. It builds up the body.. gives It strength and restores tha
energy that is or has been wasting under the baneful suffering' of. kidney disease.
WARNER'S SAFE CURE is now put.up.ln two regular sizes and sold by all
druggist3 or direct. at • • ;. .. .- - ..-..¦-,.•
. 5O Cents and SJ.OO a Bottle
;' r - ¦¦• ¦ .(Less than one cent a dose.)
Refuse' substitutes. There Is hone "just as good as" Warner's. Insist on th«
genuine Warner's Safe Cure,, which always .cures. Substitutes contain harmful
drugs and do the patient more harm than good.* : V .
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the kidney. liver, bladder and
¦ blood that Warner's Safe Cure .will cure them; a trial bottle will be 'sent abso-
lutely free to any one who will write Warner Safe Cure Co., Rochester^ N. Y..
and mention having seen this liberal offer In the San Francisco Daily .Call. The
genuineness of this offer isiully guaranteed, by the publisher. Our doctor will
• send medical booklet, symptoms and treatment of each disease and
many, convincing testimonials, free, to any one who will write.
•' A^." .^ eav 5k "brass ; : trimmings-^two
extra tfays, double i". atrapped— -an' ex-
cellent value at $9.50, reduced for a ;
few days to \ ¦•¦'¦' '¦'¦
We alsp^ put on saie aTclieaper ! trunk,
but a good -value for the money. '¦ Beg-
ular ; price $3. 50^-reduced to .
128 EHlS St.AboveR.weli
¦f&3&aBaP/ injection.
T A PERMANENT CURE
5 of tbe mort obstinate cases of Gonorrhcea
j| and Gleet, narantced fax from 3 to 6
c aajr» ; no other treatment required.
. 5 "... " Sold by all draggista.LITTLE &OCK, Ark.. April 1.— With
ten ' counties yet to report, official and
unofficial returns give the following re
sults on the United States Senatorship:
James P. Clark," 69; James K. Jones, 50;
necessary to elect on joint ballot, • 67.
These ¦ figures are deemed reliable . and
conclusive. '
Clark Is the Victor.
TOPEKA, Kans., April 1.— The Santa Fe
Railway is planning , to' put into service
next fall. the most magnificent California,
passenger" train ever ; constructed, on
which the fare charged. will be just double
the.usual amount. .The train will operate
between Chicago and Los Angeles, mak
ing: one trip each week. It will be known
as the "club train" and will accommodate
only fifty passengers on a trip.
' Magnificent : ciub Train.'
WASHINGTON, April 1.—Representa
tive Champ Clark of Missouri to-day pre
sented a minority report on the Chinese
exclusion bill, and also a substitute b'll.
The latter follows the original measure,
framed by the Pacific Coast Interests,
Clark saying In his report that the people
of the Pacific Coast have had the expe
rience and should know the best reme
dies.-The main amendment he proposes
is in permitting Chinese to . enters the
United States for attendance at exposi
tions, world's fairs, etc. ¦••
Clark Favors Chinese Exclusion.
¦ The strike was ordered not for an ad
vance in wages, but because General Man
ager Robinson of the Rochester and Pitts
burg Coal and Iron Company has refused
to sign the agreement of the miners and
operators at Altoona last week.
ALTOONA, April 1.— After a mass meet
ing of the Rochester and Pittsburg. Coal
and Iron Company's miners was held at
Punxsutawney and Sykesville to-day,, the
threatened strike was formally declared.
It involves .10,000 miners and will have
the effect of curtailing the employment
of nearly as many more railroad men em
ployed by th« Buffalo, Rochester and
Pittsburg' Railroad Company, - whose
freight traffic will be nearly paralyzed in
consequence of the strike. Pumpers and
track layers will be permitted to continue
at work to protect the mines. It was de
cided by vote, however, that If General
Manager Robinson should attempt to evict
the strikers from their homes, many of
which are owned by the company, the
pumpers and track layers will also be
called out and the mines allowed to flood.
Any attempt to import other miners will
be resisted. The strikers have assurance
of support from the district and national
treasuries of the United Mine Workers of
America.
ment Causes More Trouble in
Pennsylvania.
Managers'. Refusal to Sign an Agres-
TEN THOUSAND MINERS
' WALK OUT ON STBIKU
The gubernatorial candidates stand to
night about as follows: Votes pledged to
Geer, 96;. to Furnish, 116; to Jonns, 12; to
C. W. Fulton of Astoria, 3. The unin
structed delegates number 116, so that- it
is anybody's victory until the balloting in
the convention is ended. .The convention
Is composed of 343 delegates; necessary to
a choice, 172 votes.
J. N. Williamson was nominated for»
Congressman this afternoon by the Re
publicans of the Second District to sUc
ceed M. A. Moody. Williamson is a stock
man of Crook County and is at present a
State Senator. - ' v,- ' "• '< Hi
Thomas H. Tongue was renomlnated for
Congressman in the First District-by ac
clamation.-. 5 • \ -
PORTLAND, Or.. April 1.— The Repub
lican State convention will meet here to
morrow. The race for the nomination for
Governor is growing exciting./' The prin
cipal candidates are Governor Geer, W.
B. Furnish of Pendleton and C. A.' Johns
of Baker City. The Multnomah* County
delegates in caucus to-nlgfct decided" to
support Furnish as a. unit. '/,
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
Republican State Convention
. WiirMeet in Portland
To-Day^
Exciting Contest for the
Nomination for
Governor.
RACING TO HEAD
OREGON TICKET
NIAGARA, FALLS, N. T., , April 1.— One
thousand men, representing the building trades
of : this ; city, ¦ struck to-day . for : an . advance ¦ of
wages and an eight-hour work day. .
WAWONA, , April L— The- first through
stage with tourists arrived here this even
ing and will • reach Yosemite ".Valley to
morrow. This, opens the Yosemite stage
line via Raymond and Wawona' perma
nently for the season- v
Yosemite Stage Line Open.
HONOLULU, March 26.— On her trip of
thirteen days from gan Francisco the
United. StateB Fish Commission steamer
Albatross encountered bad weather, dur
ing which Quartermaster..Bert Arnkil was
lost overboard.
Albatross' Quartermaster Drowned.
Sustains Building Trades Council.
The Plasterers' Union decided at*Jts
last meeting : .".to sustain^ the Building
Trades Council against Carpenters' Union
438. The union expressed its entire'con
fidence in the Building Trades ".Council,
and to that end called upon every member
of the' union; to refuse toswork with any
one who . does not . carry the * Building
Trades Council card. .-
President William P. McCabe and Secre
tary D. McLennan of tne Iron Trades
Council have issued a circular letter to
the men engaged in. the ironworklng in
dustry in which it Is stated that after a
careful review of the strike which was re
cently settled by Walter Macarthur and
Henry ' T. Scott the workmen have
achieved a victory, if on no other -ground
than that of obtaining ' recognition from
their employers. Thanks are extended to
all who contributed to this end.
Ironworkers Are Satisfied.-
LONDON, April 1.— Eleven men were
drowned as the result of a collision this
morning near Nab lightship, between tho
channel passenger steamer Alma and the
British ship Cambrian. Princess, Captain
Roberts, - from Peru for Antwerp. • i The
latter sank immediately and eleven of her
crew perished. The Alma returnea. to
Southampton badly damaged.
¦ The collision occurred at 2:30 a. m. dur
ing foggy weather. The Alma struck tho
Cambrian- .'Princess on the starboard
quarter, ripping her sides wide open. The
ship heeled over and sank in four min
utes. The eleven survivors were hauled
on board the Alma by means of ropes.
The steamer's bows were badly stove in.
The Cambrian Princess was built at
Southampton in 1877. , She was of 1275 tons
net register ¦ and was owned by \V.
Thomas & Co. of Liverpool.' , ' '
YOKOHAMA, April 1.— The Korean Home
Of flee Is negotiating for the services of four
Russian, experts .to Instruct the natives o(
Korea In various forms of Industry.
In order that the members of union , No.
22 might not be deprived of their rights
it -was decided that /.they could retain
their membership in the brotherhood by
obtaining a clearance card from the dep
uty of '.the' national ' organization or his
representative now in this city.
Union No. 22 was suspended on Monday
night, and a demand was made- on the
secretary for all books, paners and other
property of the union. The reason,as
signed is that: the representative of the
brotherhood* who is at present here, re
ceived instructions that by a vote of the
general executive . / board . "union '.. No. 22
stands suspended from " the national or
ganization-for failure to obey the deci
sion of the national executive board." •
Please send list of officers elected in the new
district council without delay and oblige yours
WILLIAM -D. HUBER, Gen. Pres.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March L'tJ, 1902. •-«
To All Local Unions of the United Brother
hood Affiliated With the San Francisco Dis
trict Council— Greeting: Inasmuch as the pres
ent district council has refused to obey the
laws of the United Brotherhood and the decis
ions of the general executive board governing
this organization, it becomes my duty as gen
eral president to no further recognize that body
as ha vine jurisdiction over the affairs of the
various local, unions represented therein, and
you are hereby called upon to at once with
draw your delegates , and form a new district
council of the local unions who are loyal to
this brotherhood and willing to obey the laws
as' laid down in this constitution. / - .
Joiners ' of America.
ters and
Carpenters'. Union No. 22 of this city
has been suspended from the national or
ganization by, order, of "William D. Huber,
general president. The District Council
of Carpenters is also under the ban of the
same body for failure to observe the rul
ings of the general executive board in
the case of Carpenters' Union No. 483,
members of the latter body, having been
discriminated against by members of
other carpenters' unions represented ¦ in
the District Council of Carpenters.
The situation is fully set forth in the
following -letter: ... — .- •'
Headquarters United Brotherhood of Carpen-
Orders Immediate Sus
pension of Carpen
ters' Union No. 22.
Eleven Members of a
Crew Are Lost in
a Collision.
SAILORS SINK
WITH THE SHIP
The social science "department of the
California Club will not beld its Tuesday
sessions from- April. 24 to May 20 on ac
count of the Federation of Women's
Clubs in Los' Angeles.
A; Van VoorhlesV'Franlc Miller, *F. H.'
Pierce,- T/ B.Sutliff.E. J A. Brown, and'L.
G;'Sherhard. Mrs. Moreland was assisted
by Mrs. J. B.". Wright, Mrs. F. H. Pierce,
Mrs. J.J. Monteverde, Mrs. Frank Miller,
Mrs. A. L. Smith and Mrs. M. L. Turner.
CLEVER SOCIETY ENTER
TAINER WHO HAS RETURN
ED FROM THE EAST. . ;
Washington— Siegfried . E. Claussen,.
Walla Walla, bedstead; John and K. M.
Hammer. Tacoma, dress-skirt . lifter;
George H. Hildreth, Seattle, turning de
vice; Albert W. HIgrht, Ballard, assignor
one-half to E. B. Sankey, Seattle, split
pulley . attachment. ¦ ¦
Patents were issued to-day as follows:
California— Charles F. Allen, Hueneme, as
signor one-half to L. B. Hogue and W. C.
Hewitt* Santa Paula, driving gear; Arthur
L. Archambeault, Stockton, winkerstay
fastener and holder; McKendree F. Bishop
and M. A. Toline, San Jose, said Toline
assignor to said Bishop and I. W. Winans,
Plymouth coupling; Herman Blome, Oak
land, broom holder; Albert C: Calkins, as
signor to L. W. Braun, Los Angeles, as
saying furnace; Francis George, Valona,
automatic sash lock; Emil F. Kaiser,
Fresno, shade roller bracket; Jonas S.
Killian, Ei Monte, device for generating
gas for use in explosion engines; Robert
L. Lewis, San Francisco, - bicycle tire;
John J. Lonergan and A. C. Calkins, as
signors by mesne assignments' to F. W.
Braun & Co., Los Angeles, assayers' fur
nace (reissue); Alvln- F. Merriman Jr.,
Oakland, dental obtjinder; Charles W.
Poole, San Jose, hydrocarbon .burner;
Frederick Ray, assignor one-half to J.
Spiers^ Jr., San Francisco, balance attach
ment for centrifugal pumps; Gustave F.
W. Schultze, Berkeley, coin-controlled
weighing machine; Milton H. Shoenberg
and H. Levy, San Francisco,"* electric
water heater; Frederick Tillmany, San
Francisco, assignor to Tillmany Steel Tire
Company, vehicle tire. . -
? Oregon— Nelson W. Thompson, Blgelow,
harrow Jack.
These pensions were granted — California
— Original — Samuel Logan, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $6; Isaac F. Bangs, San
Francisco, JI;' Isaac H. Lay ton, Los An
geles, $6; Charles W. Cuuer, San Jose, $6;
Hector Orrock, Vallejo, $6; Alex Minen,
Veterans' Home, Napa, J12; Nelson Beebe,
Cedarville, $10; William Brierly, Soldiers'
Home, L03 Angeies, $12; Emma F. Leav
enworth, Los Angeles, $S.
Oregon— George W. Cqchran, Eugene,
$10; John Thiesen, Cascade Locks, $10;
AlphOnzo Barton, Athena, $12.
Washington — Original — David C. Bleam,
Port Orchard, $8.
Postofflces . established — California —
Bridge, Fresno County, Matilda Van
Ness; postmasters appointed— Czftifornia—
R. K. Cairns, Surry, Los Angeles County,
vice J. D. Ogg, resigned; C. F. Singletary,
Tinemaha, Inyo County, vice Addle Jones,
resigned. • ¦ _
WASHINGTON, April L— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing:
and Pensions and Patents
Issued.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
Dr. Manuel A. Sanclemente was* elected
President of Colombia in November, 1898,
and Dr. J. M. Marroquin was elected Vice
President. In August, 1900, it was official
ly announced from Bogota that Sancle
mente, being physically and mentally un
able to exercise the duties of President,
and his indefinite absence from the capi
tal on account of his poor health having
made impossible the regular progress of
affairs, which encouraged and prolonged
the civil war, the~people of Bogota pub
licly demanded that Marroquin, the Vice
President, should assume the reins of gov
ernment, which the latter eventually did
in the same month.* From that t.me on
various reports in 4>nnection with the
President and the Vice President of Co
lombia have been in circulation, the gen
eral belief being that Sanclemente was
practically a prisoner at Villeta.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Governor Salazar has issued a decree
honoring the memory of the late Presi
dent.
The death of« Sanclemente, who was
about 90 years old/; legitimizes the gov
ernment of Vice^PresTdent J. II. Marro
quin, the acting President^ and it is be
lieved will do much toward ending the
revolution. ? • •'•• '• y •:'.¦•
PANAMA, Colombia, April 1.— A private
message received here from Bogota,
which has been officially confirmed, an
nounces the death : March 19, at Villeta, a
few miles from Bogota, of former Presi
dent Manuel A. Sahclemente. . ¦ .
v ¦ - •. ¦ •
Former President Sancle-
mente dt Colombia
Passes Away.
NATIONAL BODY
TAKES A HAND
Bishop and Mrs. Moreland gave a recep
tion last evening at their new rectory in
Sacramento. Those who assisted the
Bishop in receiving. were A. L. Smith, A.
Mrs. John A. Darling gave a dinner last
evening at the Occidental Hotel to a num
ber of her old friends.. The affair was de
lightfully informal.
The Alpha Kappa Kappa Fraternity of
the College of Physicians • and Surgeons
enjoyed a dance last evening, in the,ball
room of the. Palace . Hotel.-.. About" J50
clever members of the profession, with as
many fair friends, .were present. Some
handsome evening gowns were in...evi
dence". Light refreshments were served
at intervals. - ; - — . • -•-¦•. - :
<ry OCIETY stands a fair chance of
being entertained during the re-;
mainder. of the season by Miss
Jean Durell, who has just arrived
from Chicago. It will be .remem
bered that Miss Durell came to San Fran
cisco a year and a half ago and appeared
upon a number of programmes as society
entertainer. . She was a guest of several
of the clubs and drawing-rooms, where
her talent created quite a stir and was
engaged to give her original impersona
tions at a number of other events, but
was suddenly obliged to cancel every en
gagement and return to Chicago, owing
to dangerous illness in her. family. She
Is now back in this city and has taken
apartments at 509 Van Ness avenue.
DEATH'S ENTRY
MAY END WAR
BUTTE, Mont,, April 1.— The stationary
. engineers of . the - Amalgamated Mines
struck to-night. Mine properties are tied
up and over 3000 men thrown "out of work.
Strike Ties TJp Mine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 1— The lifeless body of
Benjamin Jones, a prosperous mechanic of
Portland, Or., is In the morgue. Coroner
Hoye believes that when the circum
stances of the man's death are revealed it
will be found that he was murdered with
poison. . ' .
Jones was apparently in perfect health
last evening-, but within the brief period
of eighteen hours an unknown woman, for
the time supposed to be his wife, met him
in his room, remained a few hours and de
serted the man in the throes of death. She
disappeared in a manner which lends
color to the only theory which Coroner
Hoye will entertain— that of murder for
the purpose of robbery.
The details of the case are exceedingly
meager, owing to the fact that Jones reg
istered under the name of. J. H. Sacio. had
been in the city only since Friday and dis
armed the management of the Hotel York,
where the tragedy r occurred, by an
nouncing as his wife the woman now sup
posed to have been connected with his
sudden death.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon the woman
came from room 33, occupied by Jones, an
nounced that he was seriously ill and left
the corridor, after impressing the land
lady with the idea that she had gone for a
physician. She was not seen again. A
few moments afterward the hotel at
taches found Jones staggering about the
room and summoned Dr. Clark. He ar
rived promptly, diagnosed the case as one
cf poisoning and ordered Jones removed
to Providence Hospital, where he died at
7 o'clock to-night. *
Tevis Guardianships Granted.
SALINAS. April L— Cornelia McGhee
Tevis, widow of the late Hugh Tevls. has
filed in the Superior Court here a decli
naiion of the appointment as guardian
of Alice Boalt Tevis, the daughter of her
late husband and his first wife. She has
recommended that letters be granted to
William S. Tevls, brother of the de
ceased. The petition of William S. Tevis
was granted. Letters of guardianship
were gTanted to Mrs. Tev!s over the per
son and estate of her infant son, Hugh
T«vis.
Berne Parliament House Opened.
BERNE, Switzerland, April 1.— Tfie
handsome new Parliament building, con
structed at a cost of 8.OW.OO0 francs, was
opened to-day with much ceremony by
the Federal Council and Federal Assem
bly. Addresses were made by President
Zeemp and others. The streets were
lined with cheering crowds. - • •
Republicans Sweep Tacoma.
TACOMA, April L— Full returns show
that Campbell <R.) for Mayor is re-elect
ed by an increased majority. The Repub
licans elect all their candidates with
the exceptior of one or two Councilmen.
Boojamizi Jones, a Prosperous Me
chanic of Portland, the Vic
tim of a Strange
Tragedy.
ALBANY, N. Y., April 1.— The question
cf whether or not members of a labor
union have the right to decline to work
with non-union men and to order a strike
to have such right respected was deter
mined in the affirmative by the Court of
Appeals to-day In a decision handed^down
in the case of .the National Protective
Association of Steam Fitters and Helpers
und Charles M<?Queed, appellant, against
James Cummin: and Patrick J/ Du*. as
treasurer of the Enterprise Association,
lmpleaded with- others. '
Ihe court is divided in its decision, the
privilege opinion being written by Chief
Justice Parker and concurred In by
Judges Gray, O'Brien and Caight. It Is
dissented from by Judges Bartiett, Mar
tin and Vann. In his opinion, Judge
Parker holds:
It is not the .duty ef one man to work for
another unless he has agreed to, and if he has
so agreed. to, but for no tlxed period, either
may end a contract whenever he chooses. The
one may work -or refuse to work at will and
the other may hire or .discharge at will. . "World
insrmen have the right to organize ror the pur
pose of securing higher wages, shorter hours
of labor or improving their relations with
their employers. They have the right to strike,
provided the object is not to gratify malice or
inflict Injury upon others, ¦ but to secure bet
ter terms of employment for - themselves. A
peaceiul and orderly strike is not In violation
of the law. A body of men who have or
ganized for purposes deemed beneficial to them
selves have the rieht. when they feel It Is
detrimental to the interest of their organiza
tion, to refuse to work. Their reasons may
seem inadequate to others, but If it seems to
be in their . interest as members of an organi
zation to refuse longer to work it is their
legal right to do bo. >> s —
A labor organization is endowed with pre
cisely the same legal right as an individual
to threaten to do that which it may lawfully
do. .
of Death.
Flses From Room Where Her
Companion Is in Throes
But the Ruling Decision Sus
tains Right to Order
Stride.
Missing Woman Figures
, in Seattle Murder
• Mystery.
York Is Divided in
Its Opinion.
Highest Court' of New
POISON ENDS
THE LIFE OF
HOTEL GUEST
LEGAL BIGHTS
OF LABOR UNION
Tibs sa:^
CLEVER ENTERTAINER
RETURNS TO SAN FRANCISCO
Miss Jean Durell, Comes, After Successes in
. the East, to Win New Laurels in 'This
City— Medical Fraternity. Gives a Balj
3
Used by Hospitals— Prescribed by Doctors.
To Prove What This Wonderful Remedy Will Do For
YOU ; l^very^ Reader of The Call 'May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail. W?i
TRAINED NURSE CURED
BY SWAMP-ROOT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root.
Dr. Kilmer's, Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton. N. Y.. on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or bladder
trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr Kil-
mer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.. who will gladly send you by mail, immediately,
without cost to you, a~ sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling all
about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of tes-
timonial letters received from men ani women cured. In writing to Dr. Kilmer A
Co.. Binghamton. N. Y.. be sure to say that you read this generous offer in th«
San Francisco Daily Call.
Miss Alice Brown, the well-known trained nurse. Is In a position to speak with
knowledge. She was formerly with the St. Louis Baptist Hospital and has had
many trying experiences in her arduous vocation. She adds her valuable testi-
mony to the thousands already received by Swamp-Root. She said in a signed
Interview with a Reporter of the St. Louis Star:
"Although a woman in my position can receive plenty of prescriptions ' from
physicians without cost,'4t wa3 upon the advice of a well-known West End Doc-
tor that I began to take Swamp- Root. No, I will not tell you his name, for h«
might not like it. But all the same. I took it when I was run down from night
work in the sick room. I was thin and yellow and tired even when I rose from my
sleep. Swamp-Root gave me a relish for my food and cleared my blood from its
¦stagnant impurities. Of course I do not prcise Swamp-Root as a cure for all
troubles, but it Is splendid* for the kidneys, stomach and bowels and relieves fe-
male disorders when all other remedies have failed to give relief.' I- know of
many cases in the hospital cured by this wonderful remedy.
1519 Semnle Ave.. St. Louis. Mo. (^Jj^^Ji^j ' / d/XjCrXA/^i /
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, therefore, when through neglect or other causes, kidney
trouble is permitted to continue. FATAL RESULTS ARE SURE TO FOLLOW.
We often see a relative, a friend, or an acquaintance apparently welL but in
a few days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness, or sudden death,
-caused by that fatal type of kidney trouble— Bright' s Disease.
The mild and Extraordinary effect of the great kidney and bladder ' remedy.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Is soon realized. It stands the highest for Its wonder-
ful cures of the most tlstres3lng cases. Hospitals use it with wonderful success!
in both slight and severe cases. DoctQrs recommend it to their patients an/ us»
it in their own families, because they recognize in Swamp-Root the greatest and
most successful remedy. A trial will convince anyone— and you may have a sam-
ple bottle sent free, by mail. ;*.-;.;--;
MISS ALICK BROWN.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V Steamers • leave Broadway
t»W~. " Wharf, San Francisco:
I^^S^ For Ketchikan. Juneau.
tfigS" 8 ©*^ Skagway, etc.; Alaska — 11
KfiTOga a - m - A r rl1 m«. 1X - 16 - 2U
iSy.'iKi VA1 26 May 1. Change to com-
rai^S?g*^1 pany's steamers at Seattle.
P**mBs8ttrlri F °r Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Ne^w \yhat-
com— 11 a. m., April 1. 6. 11, 16, 21, 28. May
1. Change at Seattle to this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or
Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
April 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. May 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo
(Los Angeles)— Spokane, Sundays, 0 a.m.;
State of California, Wednesdays. 0 a. m.
" For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Ventura.
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro v and
•Newport ('Bonlta only). • , ' .
Coos Bay. 3 a. m., April 4, 12, 20. 28. May 6.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. April 8. 16, 24, May 2.
' For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joee del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right - is reserved to . change steamers or
sailing: dates.
TJtr^TT OVjrrCJZ— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel.)- <-'"
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.; San Francisco.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO,
* A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE. ;•,
. Only $60, Including meals and berth, for the
round' trip, on board the Paclflc Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURASAO, leaving SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th, due back April 27th.
calling at ENSENADA. MAGDALENA BAY.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA, LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
• For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. ¦ For further particu-
lars .- Inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR— — .'
i^?S»£ LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR ......;..JUNE 1
VALENCIA ... ........... ...JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 2ti and May .11, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and. elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips/ to, Nome last year,
landing alt passengers and 7 freight without loss.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palao Hotel). '
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.J Genl. Agents.
v, 10 Market st..'. San . Francisco."-
PANAMA RJ. S S
TO NEW YORK' VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103; Steerage, (40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll. ...balls May
S. S. Leelanaw .*."... sails May •
From Howard-street "Wharf, Pier ' 10, at 2 p. in.
Freight ¦ and Passensret Office.-' 330 Market ¦ st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
K P CELEBRATED *H#
No Appetite, Feel Tired,
Can't Sleep, Nervous, in
other words Spring Fever.
Take a few doses of thi Bitters.
It .will stir 'up the' stomach and
liver and mike you feel better.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
NOME
\^^^^ SAILINGS.
ylSt^BtF^ 1^^ THB FIRST CLAS3
\\\ S. S PORTLAND
\\\ WILL. SAH. FOR
NOME DIRECT
Leaving Sa» Francisco .April 19tb
Leaving Seattle.. '.April 26th
' (Stopping at Unalaska only long- enough to coal.)
- •_ For Freight and Passage Apply to . . *
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL GO.,
643 Market St., San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO., FnjBt
Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
TOYO KISBN KAISflA,
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and coo-
nectlng at Hongkong with steamers for India.
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
salllns. . .
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 13th. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May Oth. 13Q3
SS. AMERICA MARU..
. Wednesday. June 4th. 1003
- Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. - For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.'
W. H. AVERY. General Agent,
O, R .& N*CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE, TO
- PORTLAND, Or.. J
And Short Rail Line F<*o>n Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
XjO"w:fci4s > i' m.A.'X'.&s.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails April 3. 13. 2J
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails i :
Mar. 20. April 8. 18. 23
Steamer. satis from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Ast.. 1 Mong-y.3. F.
IlCOllalt^ S.%hU- ZEAUJJDM0 3YDMET,
yyy U!MV^ ><y * v v " sirecr lime mmni •
ES. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10. 10 a. nu
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
...;..:..; Saturday. April 19. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
....-£.'.".*.. ..".'.'. ...Sunday.' May 4, 10 a. m.
I. D. SPBlCin.SiBKOS.ca, Geasrai Ants.; 329 Marlat
Gea'l Fass. Offlcs, 643 Maim St, Pitr K0.-7. Paclflc St
C0MPAQ3IE SENBRAL? TRaNSITLAKTIQUS.
DIRECT LIN.E. TO HAVRE-PARIS. . Jltl*
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of ¦4wS3&
Saturday, at 10 a.\ m.. from pier 42. »«i^™*
North River;. foot of Morton street. -
| First class to Havre, | TO and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. _. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN*
ADA 32 Broadway" (Hudson (building). New
York.' ,J. F; FUGAZ1 * CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
BAY .AND BITTER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. MAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
• Steamers GEN. FRISBIS. or MONTICELLO
. 9:13 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m., except Sun- .
da'y. Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
. Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m.'. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
offlce. pier 2, Mission-street dock. -HATCH
| BROS.
MensDiseases
;|;^d I/Kt
y^m^ TALCOTT
:j' ... — ; — -o ., ¦ .•
g 97 Market SfcV^Stp
OCEAN TBAVEL.'
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
AntlSCia lud Americana d3 Vaporas
To ¦ -Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South "American ports. . Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. . 12 m.
COLOMBIA ..'April lO'GUATKMALA.Apr. ¦—
TUCAPEL ... April 10 PALENA. . . . . ;May .^-'
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral " and South American passenger service.
(No change at;Acapulco or ; Panama.) % Freight
and passenger office.". 310 California street. .-•-
BALFOUR. : OUTHRIE ; Sc. , CO., Gen. Agtnts/
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON..
St.' Louis. Apr. H.10 am, St. Paul. .Apr.23.10 am
Phlladel : .Apr.lti,10 amlSt. Louis. Apr.30, 10 am
' -. RED STAH LINE. ¦
NEW YOHK-ANTWERP- PARIS. .
Southwark.Apr. 9,noon| Vaderland.Apr. 16, noon
Pennland:Apr.'14,3pml . ¦'' r"- . '^,' :
INTERNATIONAL 'NAVIGATION 'CO.." .
Chas. D. Taylor.- G. A..P. C, 30 Montgomery.
Typewriters;
ON RENTAL/"
211 Montgomery St., S.F.
r ; lei. IWIaln 87. : v
WYCKOFRSEAMANS&BENEDICT
Good work and
prompt service
guaranteed by
our superior fa-
cllltlesand nat-
ural Interest In
the reputation of our machlne.Y.-mfig&mti
Remirigtoiv
¦ n P*r month
'*< and up. 1 '
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a' Happy .'Home
I for All.
• How any man may quickly cure himself aft.
years of suffering from : sexual weakness in ?
vitality.- night " lobses, varlcocele. etc., and V,
large small, weak organs to full size and w«nV"
Simply eend your name . anil address to Mr'
Knapp Medical Co.. 1373 Hul] building. Detroit'
Mich., and they will gladly send the free P i'
celpt with full directions so any man max-
easily cure himself at home. This is certaTnit
a most generous offer, and the following »i
tracts taken from; their dally mail, show, whar
men think of their generosity.; , ." wa * 1
."Dear Sirs: PJease accept my sincere thank-
for. yours of recent date. I have gi Ven your
treatment a thorough test and the beneflt h
been extraordinary. . It . has : completely bracli
me up. v.I am just as vigorous as when a bCv
and you cannot realize how happy I ani ••
"Dear Sirs : - Tour method worked beautl
fully. . Results were exactly • what | I : needii
Strength and. vigor have completely returned
and . enlargement Is entirely satisfactory "
- "Dear" Sirs: Tours was received and a haj
no trouble In making use of the receipt as dl-
rected. ¦ and • can truthfully- say ; it; Is . a boon to
weak, men: -I' am greatly. Improved In size
strength and vigor.". . i ' -'_ '
', All .correspondence is, strictly.- confidential,
mailed In plain, .sealed envelope. The receipt
Is free for the asking and they want every man
to have it.:.' :¦:.-¦..¦ .,¦;•¦.,.-.,.¦ .-••-.'.¦;-
will make cow's
milk agree with
your baby.
Write for a free /
sample. • f 6
Rlellin's Food Co., ©)
Boston, Mass. if
CONSULTATION FREE
DR. JOSLYN
/$%$>&^S K EN' S C l" E £ E
BfflSSr \ There are many
fisafHf A B ' ipln ailment*
EMQv which mn> f b»
PiT§^* J&3 \St readily overcome
IrwS " \l fcy a
\\p5a i^^Jl few simple suk-
2c?3"iv . eestlons, which I
*«fe»!&- 1 ' J S3ff to offer rn? e of
L T3^4$S££* charge. In no
jN v^7"ljgH|gi2» cane will I ur«?e
/I /"""V"' ! \. my services, nor
_y }. I A will I accept a
r /Vv I /i\ \ case In which a
/ W^J«=;£!4r \ V cure '¦ doubtful.
/ \^\Jrl - Those finding it
r . \ Xfjf I inconvenient t.>
«®w ca " niay write.
• ' : * . " ¦ * My pamphlet,
O. C. JOBLEN. M. D.. I "Live A!! Tour
Xtie Leading Specialist, Tears a Man."
; — — 1 mailed free.
"WEAKNESS"
My knowledge as to the nature of those
functional • derangements known as "weak-
ness" is entirely at variance with the theo-
ries upon which other physicians base their
treatment. This knowledge I have pained
through fifteen years of careful study In
actual nractlce. Weakness Is not a result
of lar iin; nervous energy, but is due to the
existence of some abnormal condition at a
vital center of the organic system. To lo-
cate the ailment and properly treat It calls
for utmof<t tkllK My success In "producing
permanent cures fciLS never been equaled,
and is sufficient evidence of adequate skill.
DR. O. C. JOSLBN,
1049 Market Street.
Diagonally opposite Hibernla. Bank. ,V.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Thin rignAtue ia on erery box of the genttlae
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabieu
Us i rented/ tbrjf cures m cold In one dqr,
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.MAN WHO SUCCEEDS HENRY W.
TITUS AS GENERAL AGENT OF
. WELLS, FARGO & CO.'s EXPRESS.
SAN DIEGO., April 1.— Four Chinese, Lee
Tick, Foo Ching, Hing Toy and Charlie ' Hor,
trere; ordered deported this, morning-.:. . , ,. -
PHILADELPHIA, April 1.— Jack O'Brien
and Charlie McKeever went the limit in
a six-round bout at Industrial Hall to
night. "O'Brien had the better of the go,
and McKeever showed distress in the last
round. ' , ¦ .
O'Brien and McKeever Draw.
r 3498 -Wyoming ....110 3483 Botany ..J 03
(3508) Rubus. ....... 97 . . •; . H. Thoburn...l05
(1701)Florinel II.. ..105 3519 The Pride... .107
(34S5)Isaline .......1031 3333 Jacqueminot i 01
Sixth race— Mile, selling; three-year-olds and
upward;;-^ • ; .-....• ¦ ; :,¦-. ¦¦ ¦¦¦ . y>{- ¦'¦ •'¦•'•• >:;••»¦.-. •*-. ¦-
(.3503) Dorian ... ... .104 3512 Diderot "'.... ..100
3515 Nilgar ...... ..104 3532 Quadra ...... 83
\ 3824 Dr. Bernays . . 101 3512 Horton '....... 10*
3506 Jim Hale ....103 3508 Antolee ...... 110
3506 Impromptu ..103 3483 Mission ......101
3506 Red wald :..... 104 3490 Galanthus ... 97
3496 Grnd Sachem..l01 '
Selections for To-Day.
'•;'; First ,'race— El. Pllar,' Canderos, "Aimi lister."
Second race — High ; Chancellor, Sylvia Taiba
Leo ; Nolan.' '* ".'. ¦ ¦ " - ;'*.'-v--."' ¦',
' Third race — Bernota, Mountebank, '..Vasailo.'.'
Fourth' race-^-Bragg, Positidn, Janice. - "
Fifth. race— The Pride,' Botany, Rubus.
, Sixth race-7-Horton, Jim Hale,;'lmpTomj?tu.
, OAJOjANDJRACETRACK— Tuesday, April 1.— Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
| 3527. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to^flrst t ~$325. . ~*
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. '%. - %/¦ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.
?o?J ?f h0 , 01 S 0 '" 1 ' 5411 . *«nj 1 1 IJ4 1 3 15 IS J. Weber .......Ransch " 3-5
«?S- Marlneys «". 4 -...113 873 312122 J. Conway. L Daly 4 6
o42o Onyx. 6 \ ..116 4 2 2 2.% 33 3h \V. P. Fine. ..... .Stuart 12 30
3rci Gold Baron. C...110 2 32 4 1 4 5 4 n H L. Haskell Bell CO 100
3505 Morinel. a 114 7 S 7 1 5 15 5 M Storn ! !.. BoVt'man C 12
£?q Mlk £ C6> a V?}2 'S 5J? S 3 ? 5 "V T - E - McLaughlin.Conly 6 . 9
-3119 B. F. Macon. 5.. 116 .'! - 4 h S S 7 Vi P G Lynch Howeil 20 fift
¦,.:aS8 George Dev/cy. 4.113 5 626271 8 Miss - F : Reed.':: "peralco 60 igQ
V**m£' : ?v. %: %> t :4 w % J V 5 ' V^^V^^ 113 -- JT, al . r Btar '- Won easily. Second and third
driving, dinner, J. Weber's ch. m. by Teuton-Flying Rumor. Gallop for the winner
Marineuse, i the contender, was almost left. Too short for Morinel. Mike Rice best on a
fast tract. Scratcned— Novia 114, Expedient 116. Meadow Lark 116, Compass 111.
ft528. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; to first, $325.
Index Horee and Weight. St. #. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. (^""ci.
ii?l? 5 on H? n ""•••••v 102 2 ••• 1 r > ••• •!«• W. O'B/Macd'gh.Ransch * 3-5 11-10
33^5 Horatius ....;. ..M13 1 ... 2 5 ... 2 2 Chinn & Forsvthe Conlv a \
3510 Tho Forum 105 « ... 3 U ' ... . 3 h . Etawood -fUS ! Avfnsfet W 15
3510 Escarcla^ '..102 3 ... 4 5 ... 4 10 Baldwin & Co. .Jackson 5-2 13-5
olrA g lck R° ber 's ••••"•2 *¦:'•'• 5 J >••*: 5 1 S.. McNaughton. ..Tullett 30 100
\i™ Pr»stolus ..08 8 .i. 7 5 ... (i 10 Jennings & Co.. L\ Daly 50 30
o510 Katanga ...101 «. ... 6 5 ... 7 10 A. B . Spreckels Faunlry 10- 25
3120 Prince BrlfTni. . ..113 7",' ¦¦¦¦ 8 ... 8 . Lodge & : Co.... Bozeman 30' 40
Time— v;i :24%; %/ :49-yi. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner W
O'B. Macdonough's br. f. by Ormonde-Libbertifl'.bbet. Honiton cantered home • Horatius
ran his race. Escarola didn't like the going. Scratched— Prince Eugene 105, Gorgalete 110
Gold Van 105, Felice 110. . : ¦ .. •'..-
. 3."2i>. THIRD ' RACE-^Flve and a half furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds; to first, $325. -
Index HorSe and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op! Ull Cl'. '
3511 Sir Tom Tiddler.. 112 3 11 1112 12 M. J. Daly. . L Daly 10 30
3511 Axminster ...:..,. 117 8. 4 % 2 2 22 2 2 W. D. 'Randall. .. .Flick 2 7-5
3317 Sir Claus .'..... .114 2 / 3 h 4 1 3^31 A. B. Spreckels. .Brodlen 60 flO
3511 Blackthorn .;.... 117 .1 6 -If, 5 1.4 4 % 4 n Burns & Watrhs. Ransch 5 12
2070 Sol ..:...... ......114 5.-7161.0152 P. C. Donaleche. .Stuart ' 6 ' 4
«t)ll Flitting 112 7 21 31 6162 J. D. Lucas. . .Winslette 10 40
-3*38 Dulcimer .112 R 82 92 8 2 '7 3< T. H. Ryan Vickery 7-2 I 6
3131 All 100 4 Oh 7U 9 1 8 2 Al Leach .....Prior 60 » '100
3067 Rurl Hynicka ...109 9 02 8 1 7 y 2 9 12 F Phillips ;... .Jackson 10 ' 8
3468 Claudator .......100 10 10 10 10 10 Elmwood Farm. Bozeman 15 50
Time— »4, :25i4 j .%, :52; -&\itXl:li. Good start. Won easily. Second and tWrd driving
Winner, M. J. Daly's b. c. ,by Loyalist-Contralto. Tiddler lucky. Axminster much the
best, but badly handled. Sol wretchedly ridden. Dulcimer no speed. Scratched Satchel
„ 112. . E! Chihuahua' 117. ' .< : .-,"' -¦',. '¦¦-.'¦'- . , *. . . / . ;• .
353O.- FOURTH 1 RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-ol 'Is and 'up; to first, ?325.'
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %. Str. Fin. ' Owner and Jockey. ¦/¦ Op! *C1.
:?47'3 Larry Wilt," 3... . W 2 3 5 2h ; 1 2 12 IT. H. Stevens. ..Jackson " 8-5 8-5
34M Black Dick. 4.... 115 6 , 7 15 6 n 3 2 2n L. V. Bell ....Conley 0-5 8-5
3517 Silver Fizz, 5.... 110 7 61 4h 2 1 32 P. Corrigan. . . . . . Ransch 6 6
3481 Tizona, 5.. ...... .112 4 . 5 3 51 6 10 4 10 Partington Bros.Vickery 10 20"
34S1 La Bprgia, 5.....110 3 4n 7 20.7 20 .5 Vj Elmwood Farm. Winsltte 30 ¦'.- 100 •
3517 St. Rica, 4.: 108 5 r 2 n 3 10 4 Vj 6 2 J. P. Atkin.....L. Daly 8 - 20
3521 Satan. 5...... 112 1 12 lh .;B.%. 7 15 Mrs. W. M. Balrd.Fntlry '8 3U
34C0 lUUoa. 6. ..110 8 8" 8 8 8^ A.--B. Spreckels. . Brodlen 10 20
' Time— Vt; :25'/i ;'- %,' :&)% ; .%;' 1:18; mile. 1:45%. Bad "start. Won first three driving Win- '
ner, T. H.- Stevens' br. c.by Wadsworth- Fancy Free. Winner away weli and the recipi
ent of "a- strong ride. Either Black Dick or Silver Fizz might have -won with ¦ an even'
break.' St. Rica quit. Ulloa almost left. Scratched — Plan 112, Frank Woods 112 Lime
_Jight^I12. Alicia JL10, Tuns^OL^^^^^^^^ - . . . , '
;05.'tl. ' -• FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Shattuck handicap; 3-year-olda and up; to* first, $100.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. y %. %." Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. . Op? 'cV/
(."50") Sister Jeanie, 3.* 96 1 1 h In 11 1.1 Jennings & Co. Winslette "•" 4^": "' s
3224 Constellator. 5... 100 4 3 2 3 2 3 1% 2 1 T. ; H. . Ryan. . ; . .Vickerj- 6 15
3507 Hagerdon, 5 .110 2 2 5 2 4 .2 n 3 1 H. L. Frank. :..L. Daly 8-5 9-5
3507 Varro, 4. ....... ,.;03 3 4 2 . 4 h 4 2 4 10 Geo/ W. Miller. ..Knapp ? C : - 8
3507 Sweet Tooth. 4.., 98 6 6 5 h C 10. 5 4 ' L. V.'Bell... Ran«ch s 4 K-ft'"
3500 iThe Fretter, 0. . .'102 5 5 1 6 6 '6 ' F.. J. O'Rourke..': Stuart 6 . • 11
Time— 14, :24; 1,4, :49; %,1:15U: %. 1:28. .Good start. Won first "three driving : Winner
. AV. B. Jennings & Co.'s b.' f. by Midlothian-Fannie Louise. Winner possibly best '• Vick
ery rated Constellator well, but- Is inot a vigorous finisher. Hagerdon ault Goine did no*
suit: Varro or Sweet Tooth. The Fretter badly handled. - ,f
«532. SIXTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward; to. first;- $325:" / '
Index [Horse. 'Age. Weight. St.' : '-.,%. : \ Kin. 1 ,. OWiier and] Jockey, . ' 1
•35U IE1 Mido,*6.'..:...il2 *2.;/3 % 3 13 5 1 u, 3? S.r Campbell.. ;Ranscli 4~
3R01 Quadra, 3../;.... 91 3. . 13 1 2 : 1 n 2 3: Curl'& Co.:v: Knapp 6-5 11-10*
(3515) Free Lance, a 115 1.2 6 2 5 2 n 3 1 , Buflrigtn &:MdAtee.Jks»j ''v '3 "7^2
3496 Lodestar, a....... 112 5 5 5- ..44' 4 10 . D.O^Keefei& Co.Conley i ¦¦"' 5 11:2 ¦"
3457 lElfonse, 4........108 . 4Z 4 2 4 3 6 5" 1C. P. Fink. .... ..Stuart '15 25
Time— %. :24%; %, :40%; %. 1:14; mile, 1:44%: 1 l-16m, 1:51. Good start. .Won hand
ily..-Second and. third driving. Winner, J. S. Campbell's b. g; by. Sir -Modred-Ethal
Race was run Just right to suit winner. Quadra and Free Lance both tired* under -the
pace set. Lodestar could: not get- up: ¦:. Scratched— Cougar.: Ill, Lento 06, Dlomed 112
: .'Lief Prince 111. ¦ , • .- . - - , • .'. . '
."Kid" Parker, the pugilist, has arrived
-from Denver,, •accdmpanied > by his wife,
and Is registered at, the - Palace. It has'
been announced that he will seek a match
with Rufe Turner, who has shown high
class form recently. , ,
Boxer .''Kid" Parker Is Here.
-Fourth race— Mile and an eighth, the Monte'
Vista handicap; three-year-olds and upward.
,3524 Janice .......110 3524 Bragg u.l... . 93
'¦3524 Cl." BallantynelOO 3524 Position ;..... 108
..Firth" race — Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and upward. '•••;"¦¦¦¦
:'. Third .race — Seven furlongs/. "sell Ing; three
year-olds, and. upward. ...";_,. „. • . .
; 3196 Mountebank .107 3520 VasaHo . . . . .V 03
•3514 Decoy ....~...1O7. 3472 Dol. Weithoft.105
.3472 Our Lizzie.... 105 ,3486 Evea G... .. 91
3526 Bernota .......104;. 3442 Barnato ......110
: 3479 Mid.': Chimes.. 105 3425 Devereaux . 107
c -3413 Lomond ...... 110 1 3521 Captive ...... 102
'V Track Notes. •
-
-
.
¦
<
'
' J. Ransch" seems to. have struck his
"winning gait again, for he rode in excel
:ient form yesterday, landing three I -win
ners. . . ,
$ Bookmaker Caesar .Young . encouraged
the good work already begun yestercmy
by giving $250 for a "Milroy.Day" single
admission ticket.
- Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: • -¦ . = . ¦. ••-.
¦/.First race — six and a half furlongs, selling;
maiden three-year-olds and -upward.
3517 ElPllar .....105 3501 Alado ....107
I 3491 Headstrong . . 102 3317 Discovery .... 105
2327 -Road Agent ..107 3476. Syce ..... ....102
.3413 La Calma ....105 3473 Tibs ..... 100
3407 Billlsis ..:... 105 3473 Baltest ;..... 102
¦ 3445 Maratine~..... 107 3485 Canderos ....107
*3529 Axminster. ..105 , '¦ .• ,
-' Second'race — Four furlongs, purse; two-year
olds. /.• • ' : .-•;¦¦-¦ ¦¦"' \ '¦ '" :¦ ."' t>: '.
,,.... Leo Nolan .I.iO6 3510 H. Chancellor.113
< .;.. Hornet ......103 3474, Tom Mitchell. 110
.... Estoy Listo...l06 3516 Sylvia Talbot.115
.3409 Montezuma ..113 . , : -.¦••.. ..
MEMPHIS. Tenn., April 1.— Montgomery
Park.: results: .;.-•. > ...,.,_..,. . ..,¦." <.,.,*
First race, five U furlongs, selling— Clorita
won. Automaton Becpnd, Sir Christopher third
Time, 1:02^. - - .- "
Second race, half mile, selling— Gold Bell
won. The Advocate second. Allan third. Time,
Third race, Tennessee Club, purse $000 six
furlongs-— Abe Frank won. Terra Firma second
Harry New-third. Time, 1:15
Fourfh race, one mile — The Lady won, Felix
Bard second. South Breeze third. Time 1*42
Fifth race, 'steeplechase, short course, ' about
one and a quarter > miles— Daryl won . Henry
Gibbs second, Robert Morrison third* Time,
'•- Sixth race, selling, fifteen-sixteenths '¦ of a
miie^Curd Gillock won. Monos second H L
Cclcinan third. Time, 1:36%. ' '
Abe Frank, Favorite for American
Derby, Wins at Memphis.
WASHINGTON, April, l.—Eennings sum
mary: ¦ . •:
First race, five furlongs — Pigeon Post won,
Elizabeth Moan second, Eloim third. Time.
1:04. -
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Morca
¦wen. Blue Delft second. Agio third. Time, • :58
Third race, six furlongs — Man-o'-War won'
Caithness second. Play Like third. Time. 1:18
Fourth race, half mile— Blue Peter won Red
Knight second. Prodigal Son third. Time, :51
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Filibuster won,"
Illuminate second, Wood trice . third. Time,
1 '.*V2 . . \ .'..*
Sixth race, one and- a sixteenth miles— jus
tice won, Phllma Paxton second, Obstinate
Simon third. Time. 1:54.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
The" annual Derby day, for the benefit
of Fabiola Hospital, has been set for Sat
urday. April 26. Once a year President
Williams of . the California Jockey Club
sets aside one day when the entire pro
ceeds of the track are devoted to the.ben
efit of Fabiola Hospital. The manage
ment of the day devolves upon the offi
cials of the track, but no passes are per
mitted on that occasion and the receipts
are given to the ladies who so successfully
manage the largest hospital In Oaklana.
A benefit will be given on Saturday •
April 19, for the family of the late R. B
Milroy, for so many years secretary of the
Jockey Club. On ,thls occasion tickets
will be placed on sale at the usual rates,
but contributors may pay whatever price
they please, the balance going to swell the
fund for the family. President Williams
and'D. M. Burns have purchased tickets
to the amount of $100 each.
Wednesday, April 30, will be a benefit
for the town of Emeryville, and the pro
ceeds will go toward a fund for building
a town hall for the little city on the bay
shore. •
OAKLAND, April 1.— Three benefit days
have been arranged by the California
Jockey Club to be given at the Oakland
track during the present month.
Fabiola I>ay, Emeryville Town Hall
Day and Benefit for Milroy
Family.
EECOMT) ANNUAL PICNIC
OF POSTOFFICE CLERKS
Outing: at Schuetzen Park on
Government Employes to Hold an
Sunday Next.
The second annual picnic of the San
Francisco Postofllce clerks will be held
on Sunday next at Schuetzen Park, Saa
Rafael. A large list of prizes has been
secured and there will be games of every
kind. A souvenir containing information
regarding postal affaire and pictures of
tht- various officials connected with the lo
cal service yrill be distributed. The af
fair promises to surpass last year's. The
following committees have the picnic In
hand:
Arrangements — James E. Power, chairman;
A. B. J. Woods, secretary; R. L. Apple, treas
urer; W. G. Morrison, W. E. Murphy, L. E.
Derre. A. F. Schuler, R. F. Kerrieon. Warren
King. Frank A. Haas. Joseph F. Cone. David
Foley. E. E. Sawyer and John R. McGee.
Floor — Frank A. Haas, manager; assistant
ir-anat£CT3. David H. Burson and James J.
Glover; Al Henry, C. P. M. Quedens. T. J.
aillespie, J. Ginocchio M. ¦ J. O'Donnell. G-
D. Bell. Georee Gassman. William H. Snyder,
C J. Bellman. A. Llebscher. D. F. Hurley.
John McXaughton D. B. Dwyer Austin S.
Welch, I. W. Jones and William K. McLeod.
Games — A. F. Schuler, chairman; J. D. Dun
n'.gau, F. A. Haae. Aug E. Wessling. Frank
B. McStocker and M. E. Cash man.
Raffles— J. T. Morris, chairman; William Pt
Air.ant, J. L. E. Sullivan. P. H. Mllberry, M.
L. Friedlander and George Drum.
Reception and transportation' — H. J. Caveney
cliUrman; A. Springer, F. A. Mecredy. Frank
Isaacs. C. N. Brown, J. J. Coffey. Charles
L*"vy. Frank Sullivan. W*. S. Paynter \V J
Mrrphy, Oscar Schutt. F. C. Jackson A.* M
Wapple, Charles E. Barber. Joseph A. Fealy
G. J. Aemussen. T. V. Krohn, Charles E Jack
eon. Thomas M. Welch, A. Imbrie and X. S'
Locke.
QEORGE G. CLARK, one of the.
oldest and most competent em
ployes of Wells, Fargo & Co.,
was appointed general agent of
the company yesterday, with
THE CALLS RACING FORM CHART
Quadra, a ninety-one pounder, piloted
by "Bill" Knapp, had first call in the
betting on the last race. The. filly chased
out in front with Free Lance until when
within a furlong of the stand both were
all out. Ransch then dropped along with
Ei Mido, downing Quadra less than j a
length without any great effort. Free
Lance was third. i . ¦
There were six starters in the Shattuck
Handicap at seven furlongs, with Hager
don, the top weight, going to the post
favorite.. Walter Jennings did not think
his filly Sister Jeanie would take to the
juicy going, and this fact, kept many
from backing her. She fooled them, by
going out, with Winslette on her back,
and, after racing the favorite off his lkgs,
beat Constellator a length. The last
named starter was- 15 to 1 in the- ling.
Neither Sweet Tooth nor rVarro showed
to any advantage, though both received
support. • - - .• • .... v - , . .
Lee. Jackson scored his only win of the
afternoon on Larry Wilt in the mile sell
ing event. The brown colt closed equal
favorite with Black Dick, and, after lac
ing Satan into submission, went on. and
won by a couple of lengths at the wire.
Both Black Dick and Silver Fizz were
away from the barrier poorly and had
a world of lost ground to make up. • In
a hard drive the former horse got the
place by a neck. ¦¦ .-. -\
Sir Tom Tiddler, a 30 to 1 shot, piloted
by Larry Daly, captured I the five and
a half furlong run from- a bunch of nine
cheap platers. He was practically • un
backed, and -won all the way. Flick, on
Axminster, the favorite, lodged a claim
of foul against the winner, which was
not allowed by the judges. Sir Claus
ran third ' behind Axminster.
Because of the sloppy footing,, the
price against W. O'B. Macdonough's Or
monde tilly Honiton went back from i to
5 to 11 to 10. Ransch had the leg up, and
s^he led from the start, (scoring in hollow
fashion from Horatius, a_6 to 1 shot.
The Forum made a good run from the
rear division, taking ¦ the , show trom Es
sarola. ' ;
-.¦'-.,(¦» ites .that were tpppled over.
Axmlnster was badly messed about by
his rider. Flick; Hagerdon had to cry
quits through being raced to a' standstill
by ' Sister : Jeanie, and "Quadra- met | the
same fate in the closing race. The star
long-shot performer turned up in Mike
Daly's colt Sir Tom Tiddler, which regis
tered first at odds of 30 to 1, after having
been played on : numerous occasior.3 in
the past.
With a number of. horses scratched
from the opening seven-furlong- selling
event. School for Scandal closed a 2 to b
favorite. The- mare outclassed her com
pany - -and won : off . . by ..' herself. Away
poorly, Marineuse got up in ample time
to beat Onyx but for the place.
v» "Vf wHILE the track Oakland
¦ VL /\ / was sloppy , yesterday, it was
Vw \w * n no<way responsible for the
V V* downfall of the three favor-
VICTORIA. B. C, April 1.— Tonkin ex
changes received here to-day contain par
ticulars of a disaster to a Chinese-owned
launch in the river near Hanoi, in
volving serious loss of life. The launch
Kwang Pat left Namdlnh for Hanoi, hav
ing on board Madame Arlhao, the wife of
an inspector of the native guards, who
was lying sick In the Luessen Hospital in,
Hanoi, their infant child and more than
200-* Chinese passengers.' -*>-'" ,¦
The launch was .obviously overloaded
with passengers and merchandise, and at
the village' of Ninghsu began to fill with/?
water and eventually foundered, *. It was*
a dark night and the scene must have'
been terrible, for in spite of the. efforts of
some junk people to rescue the unfortu
nate passengers more than 250 .persons,
including Madame Arlhao and her baby
and a number of Chinese women and chil
dren, were drowned.
Garden Citys Win. Indoor Race.
The San Francisco Wheelmen gave a
championship home trainer bicycle race
and dance, last night at Golden Gate HalL
Riders from .the Garden City Wheelmen
San Francisco Wheelmen, California Cy
cling Club, Bay City Wheelmen, Oakland
Wheelmen and the New Century Road
Club competed In the race. The Garden
City team won. Time 8:59 3-5. Protest
was entered by the other clubs against
George Wyman of the Bay Citys, tha'
charge being made that he is a profes
sional.
LOS ANGELES, April 1.— The San Ja
cinto forest reserve land in Riverside
County was opened to entry at 9 o'clock
this morning. But seven claimants ap
peared at the land office in this. city, and
these had been waiting for two weeks.
At midnight, or nine hours previous to
the' hour named in the proclamation, a
crowd of men in wagon's-," on horseback
and on foot made a. wild rush on the
land from the reservation borders. Those
who registered , at the. loeal land office*
also had "rushers" at the reservation. -
It is expected that when the land office
opens to-morrow morning the "sooners"
will arrive, prepared to file upon lands
where they squatted early to-day. This
procedure will bring on the real contest
for the kind. ¦ • .
Stanford Athletes to Travel.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 1.—
A field day has been arranged by Captain
McCaugherri of the varsity track team to
take place between the Occidental College
athletes and a team picked from the two
Stanford underclass .teams. The meet
will be held at Santa Monica April 12.
Preparations are being made for the
varsity track team to take a trip through
Oregon and Washington. It is probable
Stanford will meet Washington at Seattle
on May 2. A field day will also be ar
ranged with -Pacific University and with
the University of Oregon. The varsity
nine will meet the San Francisco League
ball tossers for the second time on Thurs
day. The last, game was a walkover for
the leaguers. As the varsity men have had
little practice since then the professionals
should score an easy victory.
SHANGHAI. April 1. — The tfilrd Installment
of the indemnity was paid to-day. It amounts
to 1,800,000 taels. «—
THEEE BENEFIT DAYS
AT THE OAKLAND TRACK
George G.^ Clark entered the express
business as a messengejr for the American
Express in- CJnchinatiin'i859. Four. years
later he resigned and came ; to the Pacific
Coast," ;whefe he became" a messenger for
_\* ells, Fargo & Co., .on the Sacramento
River division. From 1866 until 1868 he
was agent at Sacramento and during the
latter year was appointed to the position
he capably held until yesterday.
headquarters in this city. The promotion
of Clark from chief clerk In the forward
ing department to that of general agent
was deserved and" was. occasioned by the
resignation of H.- W. Titus, who retired
on account of III health. S. A. Butler will
fil! the position, formerly occupied ' by
Clark, and George B. Crandall will succeed
Butler as assistant superintendent of the
Western division. Thomas A. Woods will
be route ,'asrent; at .Tucson, Ariz., vice
Duncan Campbell^' who' has ' been chosen
traveling agent fpr,\ the' Pacific depart
ment, with.-, headquarters here. -. ; '"
Overladen Chinese Rivar
Boat Founders N6ar
Hanoi.
San Jacinto Reserve Is
Thrown Open to
Settlers/
HUNDREDS SINK
WITH A LAUNCH
A singular incident in connection with
Smith's return .was his recognition by a
kitten he 'had when he left home a>boy.
Although six years had passed the, cat
ran down the walk to greet him and
seemed wild with joy at meeting its old
master. -• ' : ¦ -"- ~ \- -
Six years ago Smith tired of school life
and decided to see. the wo»ld. Leaving
here in March, 1896, he went to San Fran
cisco, and. shipped on a vessel to South
Africa. After several- months in the
Transvaal he shipped for Adelaide, South
Australia. ¦ He mined there and in New
South Wales and thence went to Manila.
Smith left Manila in February for Seattle
and then came home. Three times in this
trip around the world Smith was on ves
sels that, had been given up as lost.
SAN JOSE, April L— After, an absence
of six years Percy Smith, who ran away
from his home when 15 years old, has re
turned. ; - His; relatives.*- had believed him
dead. After two years ho was heard from
in South Africa, -and 'then all trace of him
was lbst until he walked in upon his fam
ily yesterday.
a Trip Around the
Globe. • '
Adventurous San Jose Youth Makes
RUNAWAY BOY COMES
. HOME AFTER SIX YEARS
Eecent Boxer Outrages.
VICTORIA, B. C, April ,1.— The Asahi
of Tokio publishes accounts, telegraphed
from Jehol that a Belgian missionary has
suffered ' a gross • outrage at the hands of
a party of Boxers. Particulars of the out
rage were not given, but it is understood
that the missionary did not lose his life.
General Ma has been instructed to punish
the offenders. ' A telegram from Peking
to the Asahl says, that two foreign sol
diers have been killed by Chinese braves.
Their nationality was not stated. '
RESULTS: PF?flJESDAY^S RAGJNG . AT THE 'QlKl^ND TRAGIC
; NEW YORK, April l.^-Bob Fitzsim
mons and his manager, .' Percy .Williams,
met representatives / of I', the Charleston
Athletic Club^ to-day. .The Australian
practically accepted the offer *to hold the
battle between . himself -'and Jeffries, in
Charleston.' John C. Jounod and John
McLaughlin ' of Charleston^ representing'
both | club and B exposition, made - the fol
lowing offer:/; , - '; ¦ . '• ;
; Seventy-five per cent \ of j the gross re
ceipts, : . with ¦ a guarantee that Fitzsin
mons' and Jeffries' = share will be not less
than $26,000, this amount to be deposited'
in any bank the boxers may -select one
week before the bout. ' '
The bout Is to take 'place-i.between; May :
15 and June 1, with the probable date-May
30. The fight is to be decided in the after
noon and the -.boxers • are to have all.
picture privileges. Jeffries and Fitzslm
mons are to provide any referee they may
choose. The club will pay him ?500.
, Jouncd and McLaughlin posted $5000 to-'
day to show the foregoing proposition is'
made in good faith. , Fitzsimmons wired
the Century Athletic Club of Los An-:
geles asking if they wpuld: raise their bid i
for the battle. If thfey refuse : Fitzsim- j
mons accepts -the' -Charleston- Athletic
Club's offer. . Jeffries was also wired ask
'ing for his decision in the matter. • ¦¦¦¦¦-. <
I LOS . ANGELES, April 1.— Joseph Egan]
"this evening; sent- a: telegram to New
¦ York on ; behalf of Champion Jim Jeffries
stating' the conditions under which the;
Charleston offer will be accepted. Jeffries
stipulates that^tlie Charleston 'club; shall
post the entire purse, of $26,000 in cash to]
. the :-hands, of a stakeholder to-be mutually:
agreed upon; - In the event of the Charle3
.ton club falling to bring off the fight be-,
cause of . interference by the authorities ,
or otherwise Jeffries insists that the $26,-,
000 shall be forfeited to the fighters. i
Should' the Charleston people fail to;
meet these conditions the champion
wishes to kno.w at once whether the offer
of the Los, Angeles club will be accepted
by Fitzsimmons, as it is understood the
club is still in the field willing to handle
the fight. ... '
Late to-night the Century Club tele
graphed to Robert Fitzsimmons an en
tirely new. bid for the Jeffries-Fitzsim
mons championship battle, as follows:
LOS ANGELES. AdHI 1.— To Robert-Fltz
simmono, New York: We bid'faithf ully on March
15 as per agreement with contestants and won.
Since you have postponed bids until ! this date
we submit the following: Will give- 77 per cent
of gross receipts, or purse of thirty thousand
dollars, or 75 per cent -with guarantee of
twenty-five thousand dollars per your request.
This Is final. Answer. ,
CENTURY ATHLETIC CLUB.
As this is far better than any other bid
thus far submitted, it is asserted by the
club officials that if Fitzsimmons refuses
to come to terms it is because he does not
want to fight.
LOS ANGELES, April 1.— The Century
Club met here to-night and offered a
thirty thousand dollar purse or 77 per cent
of the gross receipts, or 75 per cent of the
gross receipts with a guarantee of $25,000
Since Fitz postponed final acceptance
until to-day they submitted this offer to
beat the Charleston bid.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
For several days before the accident- a
large number of albatross had been Hy
ing 1 after .the vessel. . As soon as Hardy
struck the water the birds attacked him
and "caused his death. He was an expert
swimmer and only a few minutes elapsed
after he struck' the water, before a life
boat was on the spot, but he had gone to
the bottom.
Impossible.
PORT. TOWNSEND, April 1.— After. a
tempestuous voyage, during which she
lost an apprentice boy by falling over
board and at the expiration of which she
found that her valuable charter had been
canceled, the British ship Whittlieburn,
Captain Bartlett, arrived here to-day, 124
days from Table Bay. The Whittlieburn
sailed from Trfble Bay on • November -23
and everything went well until December
12, when Charles Oliver Hardy, an appren
tice and the 18-year-old son of a wealthy
English family residing, at Yorkshire, fell
from the foreyard into the sea. There
was a moderate breeze and the sea was
comparatively calm." The ship was put
about and_ a boat lowered, but rescue was
Special Dispatch to The Call.
timatum to Eastern
* Organization.
Californian Forwards His Ul-
Reach Him.
Victim Sinks to His Death
• Before. Lifeboat Can.
HOME-SEEKERS
RACE FOR LAND
Each angler returned with a full basket,
and the comment In every direction was
to the effect that it is many years since
a" season opened so brilliantly..
Rain fell in torrents throughout the
morning, but it neither dampened the ar
dor of the anglers. nor impaired the sport.
The majority of , the men were on the
stream before the rain Set In and braved
out the storm, returning to luncheon
dripping wet, but with well filled creels.
The afternoon cleared up and the an
glers sallied forth under the bluest of blue
skies, flecked here and there with a dash
of white. The stream remained clear and
the sport was not injured in the slightest.
I It was the consensus of opinion among
the men familiar with the stream that
there were more trout there than in many
years. Three steelheads, weighing nearly
ten pounds each, wera taken from the
White House pool, one by H. Battu, an
other by a friend of his and the third by
M. J. Geary.
The majority of the anglers used, a
small 'spoon, Wilson or Lafarge spinner
or- worms, the familiar "barnyard
hackle. Some flies, the brown hackle
and midgets were used successfully near
Point, Reyes by C. R. Kenniff and others.
Leon Jessu had the star basket of the
day. , 172 trout, i One weighed six pounds,
while- a twenty-four ¦ Inch fish weighed
four pounds. Jessu fished the Paper Mill
from Tocaloma to . the schoolhouse and
back. - ' -..¦•"> ••„-', v ¦- ¦• • ¦'- •*¦¦;- -: •
T. C. Kierulft .took eighty-five from the
creek near Camp -Taylor. He Was fishing
toward a pool r where he knew .from indi
cations he would get good returns, when
It commenced to rain heavily. ., He sought
shelter under a tree and, much to his cha
grin, another angler . came along . and
pulled trout out of the pool he- had in
view until he grew tired of the pastime.
Mr. Kierulff could not "cut in again
without violating angling ethics.
T. Rothschild caught 65, W. Stevens 65
and R. Haas 35, all good sized fish.
PAPER MILD CREEK, from Point
i Reyes to Lagunitas, afforded sen
sational sport, to a large number
of anglers yesterday, the opening
day of. the trout fishing- season.
One hundred and fifty men each caught
from thirty to 172 trout, weighing from
a quarter of a pountl to ten pounds for
steelhead3. Many -half-pound fish were
taken.
A T Dobson secured 50, F. Kaiser 38,
S F Murphy 20, including a big one.
L. S. Peterson had 75, while M. C. Post
picked out a choice lot. • _
C F Breidensteln, Charles Precht and
Bert Spring each had full creels.
Up at Point Reyes H. C. Wyman and
! wife, John Butler, Frank Marcus, Jeff
"Wells, H. Battu, J. B. Kenniff, C. ». Ken
nlff. Ralph Brjggs. M. J Geary, W. J
Savage of Ohio and Louis Boutelller each
secured from forty, to fifty nsh during the
heavy rain of the morning. They were alt
out again In the afternoon and were, If
anything:, more successful.. They were so
enamored of the sport that the majority
of them remained over to try again to
day.
"Shorty" Briggs, who is nearly six and
a half feet tall, was out In all the rain
and was wet through. When he returned
to the hotel John Gallagher and others
furnished him a complete outfit. Any
Howard-street tailor would lose all his
customers If he sent Briggs out with such
tight-fitting garments as those in which
he appeared. When it came to shoes the
resources of the house were exhausted
and Briggs had to wait until his own
dried out. The afternoon found him down
at the sand spit, near the bridge, as en
thusiastic as ever. For a time he posed
as the champion "hard mouth" or
"sucker" catcher. He landed six of these
useless fish In almost as many minutes,
when his luck changed and the trout came
his way.
It was just like shooting them the way
Jeff Wells took them out of the riffle9 be
tween the bridge and the White House
pool. At the latter place seven ten-pound
steelheads were hooked, but only three
were landed. The others made off with a
variety of tackle, Battu alone losing three
fish.
Frank Maskey passed Point Reyes yes
terday en route to Salmon Creek. On the
previous day Achille Roos, Sam Heller
and Dave Sachs went on to the Gualala,
where they will try for steelheads for sev
eral days.
When the anglers who were so fortunate!
as to be out on the opening day commence
to circulate among their friends and tell
them what they accomplished and what
they saw there will be many acute cases
of angling fever developed throughout ths
city. There is only one treatment will
allay the disease— a day on some nearby
trout stream. It is expectedSaturday will
witness an exodus of anglers, who will
scatter over Marin, Alameda and Santa
Cruz counties.
Jeffries and Fitz Seem as
Far From a Match
as Ever.
Attack Ship's Appren
\l tice Boy, Who Had
Fallen Overboard/
Paper Mill Greek, Marin County, Yields the
'Greatest Returns in the History of the
Stream, Furnishing Many Full Creels
STILL HAGGLING
OVER FIGHT BIDS
ALBATROSS KILL
STRUGGLING LAD
ANGLERS FOR WILY TROUT ENJOY
SPLENDID SPORT ON OPENING DAY
AVENGER KEEPS
HIM IN FLIGHT
Stranger Appeals "to a
Redding Judge for
;
Says He Is Pursued by Man
Whom He Wounded
¦ Years Ago.
Sueoial Dispatch to The Call.
. REDDING, April r 1.— Justice of the
Peace Herzinger of this city relates a tale
of : a man whefreither. is mentally affected,
although he appears perfectly rational, or
is, 1 as he claims, 'the intended victim of an
avenger, .who has relentlessly followed
•him for fifteen years, and whom he asks
the Judge to put under j heavy jj bonds to
keep the peace. - ' -\ ':.'¦/ '¦' : . '¦ -\ ' ¦ "- ;
The man gives the name of Smith. He
says-that in Kansas fifteen years ago he
shot Jacob Adams in self-defense.and was
acquitted by a jury.- He came to' Calif or
hia. Soon he learned that 'Adams, had: re->
covered and was j on his trail,- .swearing
vengeance. He moved from place to place
and succeeded in evading his -pursuer for
many years. Finally he went into Trinity
Count and: thought he had ¦¦*• lost
his enemy. Recently he : learned that
Adams was in Trinity after nlm^-He
came to Redding. He was astounded, he
Bays, to see his persistent follower on the
street. He says Adams was disguised, but
that he recognized him.' ' , '- ' »' ?V
i Smith feels ;that ; he. -cannot A standvthe
strain much longer, and. he wants his-pur
suer put upon -his: good ¦ behavior. Judge
Herzinger was forced • to . refuse the re
quest of ¦ the ;f rightened man. , :.: ¦"' . •;' ;¦:..;.
OTTO I FEUDNER A WINNER ,
AT ¦THE'^PIGEON TRAPS
Three Californian Wing Shots Kill
Twelve . Straight^at the; Kansas
; fCfi'ty Tournament. . \ '
; KANSAS CITY, V - Mo., 'April 1.— There
were 419 entries' in the nitro r powder han
dicap in the Grand American live bird
tournament to-day. Eighty- two high
guns, each with a straight score of twelve
birds, divided ; the purse of $4190. „ Weno
nah, the Californian young woman who is
entered for the Grand American handicap,
missed her fifth bird to-day. Among- the
winners were : • ; : ¦
•f J. A. R. Elliott, Kansas City; J. H.
Holmes, Chloride, Ariz. : M. O. Feudner,
San Francisco; S. R. Smith, Riverside,
Cal.; W. R. Crosby, O'Fallon, 111.; J. E.
Vaughn, Bakersfleld, Cal., and J. W. Gar
rett, Colorado Springs. ¦ : .
There/are 419 entries for the Grand
American handicap, the shooting of which
will begin to-morrow. '
Anti-Mackenzie Convention.
SAN JOSE, April 1.— The citizens' re
form movement- will meet in convention
to-morrow night and name a full city
ticket. George - D. Worswick will prob
ably get the nomination for Mayor, Al
Hub'bard for Councilman in the Fourth
Ward and Joseph R. Ryland in the First
Ward.- John O'Brien, .a -former School
Trustee,- issaid to be seeking the office of
Councilman-at-Large. The reform Dem
ocrats and the labor unions are expected
to jolii' with, these anti-Mackenzie Repub
licans.
THE SA1N T "FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 1902.
George C. Clark/One of the Oldest Clerks
' of Wells, Fargo & Co., x Is Selected to Siic
\ ceed H. W. Titus *. as General vAgent
RECEIVES MERITED PROMOTION
AFTER YEARS OF FAITHFUL WORK
4
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the fatate Medical Institute.
Thev cured so many men who had battled
lor years against the mental and .physical
muttering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute- free trial
packages to all who write. It ,fs a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
&uy form of sexual weakness resulting
irom youthful folly, premature loss ' 3 f
•strength' and memory, weak back, varicc-
<?cle or emaciation ot parts can now cure
themselves at home. \
Tne remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act -direct,
to tho desired location, givingvstrength 1
fcjifl development Just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles thai
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc^
ccks in all cases. Arequest to the Stata
Medical Institute. »S Elektron building:
J-ort Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desife
cn« of their free trial packages, will be
coicplled with promptly. The-Institute is
de«irous of reaching that great class of
raen who are unable to leave home to b«
treated, and the free samples will enahl#
tnein to see how easy it Is to be cured of
fctxval weakness when the proper rexne-
Uit* are employed. The Institute make*
no. restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample,' carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
hive no fear of embarrassment or pub-
llcttr. Reader* are requested to writ*
without delay. _¦ W _¦;,,:,.'
A Free Trial Package Sent by -Mail
to All Wlio Write.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men. ;;;^
A35VEB,TISE1IENTS.
Well, stop it at once by taking" Halprurier's— ydu
can doit in no time if you will take' Halpruner's right
—if you will take it as it ought. to, be taken. fV- : : .
Go or send to youi nearest druggist and insist ori
getting Hajpruner's. If your cold is in your head," pour
a few drops of the medicine on your, hands and hold be^
neath your nostrils., inhaling the vapor. Keep this up for
two or three minutes-. and your head will: clear, out, al-.
I lowing you to breathe through your nostrils freely— re- ', %
ducing the inflammation in the nasal passages. Then •>
1 >t ak e a teaspoonful in a glass of water evepy. hour— talw care " : *"
/ nof to go out m the cold air; for the internal dose -fill caused
[ =you to^perspire.freely-soc and $1 a bottle, at all druggists'
,'' 'HalpVuner Medical MTe Co ¦ San Francisco, Cal.
' /- . San Francisco, Cal.
lv «H?mf?^ii d 2 ns!lder Halpruner's a very effective and quick-
- : I ha^e^/ri ?? e Q d L f ? r co }<\ 9 ' sore th^5 at and bronchial troubles
' LyYriend^ U and " *° «WK an |.. ¦« to M
. :_ ¦ -• -_J- ' ' • ,, S4 ' 36 Steuart St., S. F., Cal.• 1
LAST OF WHALING FLEET
WAITING FO;R CREWS TO
MAN THEM. '
TO SAIL.
VOTE — The high and low. waters occur at
the olty front j (Mission-street wharf),' about
United Staleo Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of " High and Low
Water* at Fort. Point, entrance .; to ¦ Rtn
Francisco Bay. Published by • official . au
thority of th*- Superintendent.. : • .-.' .¦
Sun. Moon and Tide.
Notice is hereby given, that in compliance
with published notice to mariners of March 7
1002 (No. 27 of 19U2). lishtvessel No 7o'
about 3% miles outside of the bar oft
the entrance to San Francisco harbor, was
this day temporarily withdrawn from her sta
tion for repairs and tha station' was marked
by a gas buoy, painted red. with "Lightvessel
Moorings" In black, and shows a fixed white
li^l^t. ¦ » . ' .
Mghtvessel,' No. 70 .will be returned to her
station as soon as repairs have been completed
and the buoy withdrawn, of which due notice
will be siven.
This notice alTects the "List of'Lisrhts and
Fog Signals, Pacific ; Coast, M902," page '11,
No. 2(3. and the "List of .Beacons and Buoys
Pacific Coast. 1002,". page I!).. .' ¦
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. B. MILTON. -
Commander, U; S. N., Inspector Tv/eiith Lights
houte District. . • ¦ . ¦..
Notice to Mariners.
SAN, FRANCISCO BAR. CALIFORNIA;
Reinsurance on the French bark Oliver «de
Cllsson was yesterday advanced to 50 per cent.'
The Red Rock, Yosemite, , Windsor Park and
Franklstan were advanced from 15 per cent
to 20 per cent. . v , : ¦¦'¦ ' : "-^> :
Captain George H. Pierce, late commander
cf the transport Sheridan, has been appointed to
nil the vacancy made by the resignation of Cap.
tain John Barneeon, late marine superlntendsnt
of the transport service.- As marine superin
tendent Captain _ Pierce yesterday took ' charge
of the dispatch of the Sheridan, his • former
command. Captain Pierce has been in the
transport service for about three years. He
is a mariner of wide experience and the ap
pointment is a popular one.
Rsinsurance Changes.
Pierce Succeeds Barneson.
Olflcers accompanying car-als and recruits-
Captain James G. Bush, Lieutenants John G.
Winter, Kent Browning, Contract Surgeons M.
Dennis. B. P. Nowell. . Lieutenant Colonel J.
S. -.Chamberlain and wife. Major Frank Taylor.
C. E. Martin. Judge B. S. Ambler, wife and
daughter. Miss Sallle J. Bowling, C. E. Kin
cade, J. A. McKennon.- John C. Keefe, Captain
J. B. Goe. Captain John H. Shallenberger. Mrs.
T. F. Forbes, Misses Augusta and Daisy Wood
ward. ,Mlf?s Teresa F. " Stenan, Mrs. J. E.
Woodward and two children, Mrs. W. R
Perry and three children, Mrs. G. H. Jamerson
Mrs. F. D. Ely, Mrs. B. H. Wells Mrs. U.
G. Worrilow, Mrs. F. J. Morrow and child.
Mrs. W. H. Waldron. Mrs. A.' S. Sloane and
child, Mrs. E. Y. Miller, Mrs. W Twyman.
Mrs. R, O. Patterson. Mrs. W. R Leonard,
Mrs. F. W. Dawson, Mrs. S. F. Dutton, Cap
tain S. F. Dutton, J. P. Hogan. J. Hill. H.
J. Douthitt, H. S. Merwln, J. Servatlus. M.
V. Hill. Joseph Wenger, 'Miss Nettie Lough.
Officers accompanying the Twentyrninth In
fantry — Lieutenant Colonel- T.- F. Forbes. Ma
jor L. A. Lovering, Major Howland. Major. W.
P. Evans. Chaplain E. J. Vattman, ¦ Captains
J. F. Madden, J. E t Woodward. H. R. Ferry,
G. H. Jameson, F. D. Ely B. H. Well* U. G.
Worrilow. ! F. J. Morrow, H. C. Clement,
Charles H. Paine, R. H. Allen. Lieutenants A.
W. BJornstad. .J. D. Reams. W. H. Waldron,
R. P. Refenbereck. A. T. Easton, F. W. Heally,
A. S. Slo&ne, P. C. Gallagher. F.-H. Burton,
E. V. Miller. C.- J. W'lllard, W\ Twymen. J.
B. Coughey. F. P. Jackson, J. B. Barnes E.
G. McCleave, H. A. Wells. R. E. Beebs. H.
S. Stevenson. F. O. Saunders, J. L. Craig W.
R. Leonard, 1 Ft W. Daweon. C. H. • Farnham.
Assistant Surgeon H. M. Smith, Contract Sur
geons Frank Saggs, Joseph R. Parker. ' E. . H.
Porter. -
band and Twenty-ninth aboard. In
addition she carried 250 casuals and recruits,
150 marines and lU Hospital Corps men. There
were also on board the wives and families of
several of the officers, seven marine officers
and a few civilians. Captain Peabody Is In
command of the transport, having been pro
moted from chief officer to - fill the vacancy
caused by Captain Pierce' s. promotion to ma
rine superintendent. Among , the Sneridan's
passengers were: •
Sheridan Sails for Manila.
The army transport Sheridan tailed at noon
yetterday for Manila with the headquarters
From Pago Pago — J. B.' Leonard. N. J.
Weaver. T. M. Marden. G. C. Chariot. N.
Morris. M.. Costa. James Martin, A. Venn,
(Charles McLaughlin. Henry Mahols. M. Gr»lo
jeck. John Alforvich, John Hoult. Louis Bar
tclft. William Kavaugh R. A. Martin, James
M&nion. Thomas McMurtrle. W. McKenzie,
J. P. Murph'y, John Redmond. Louis Kohute,
F. J. Wooder. Hans Peterson. William O'Shea,
James Gallispie. Mark Thomas.
From Honolulu — A. Armsby. J. W. Ferris,
A G. Lewis, R. Clendenlng, Mrs. Clendenln?,
J J. Feckler. C. D. Warren. K Prlckett. Mro..
Prick ett.- S. L. -Wood. Mrs. Wood, Mrs. L.
Wood, 8. H Wood. Dr. E. W. Young. Mrs.
E. T. Underhill. Mrs. H. R. Bryant. Miss
Grjmwell. MIfs L. A. Perkins. N. B. Brown,"
Mrs. Brown, J. G. Anderson. Mrs. J. G. An
dtr&on Miss Meyer. Miss A. Crozler. Mrs. F.
M P. Deas, SI. J. MrCune. Mrs. M. J. Me*
Ciine. V. K. Calif. Dr. L. Clraveland. G. G.
Pinkham Mrs. Pinkham A. N. Brown. Mrs>.
A N. Brown. C. E. Abbott, J. B. Castle, J.
Haydefl. G. H. Taylor. Mrs. Taylor, A. J.
Claik. Mr*. Clark. J. E.' Miller. W. A. Sex
tooj Mrs. Gunther, Miss Baclffalopo. II. Moore.
Mrs. Moore, Miss Moore. L. A. Thur*ton Mrs.
Thurfton and infant, Mrs. Hanna. J Kilkea.
Mrs. Koebele. Master Koebflc, ] H. M.
Alexander, Mrs. D. O. January. Governor S. B.
Dole. Miss L. Borden. Professor Kobds. J. R.
Dappett. A. R. D. PatterFon. J. M. Lonsr, H.
M. Spencer, Mrs. C. A.. Brown. MIfs C. J.
Stone. C. A. 'Brown,. Thomas Fitch. Mrs. Fitch.
C Jacss'ng. W. 1^. Hunkels. I M. P. Botecho,
MrK L. D. Timmons. Master Tlmmons. D. O.
January. J. A. Harp<?r h. Chamberlain; -W.
B Peterson, Mrs. ' J. Connon Rnd four, cnll
<1r<-r,. H. A. Stone. Ssm Adams. C. A.-Oildpa,
John Ross,. A. Bertelson. P. 'J. MoLaughlin,
W. W. Gregg. William R. Blgler. John Hoc
ton.- Henry Durzee. A. H. Schultz. Milford Me-
Curfly, John. Laffon. Charles Fchneider, John
Grant. IJanlel Buckley. Louis Chapman, J. P.
Hurray. T. Udtll, J. A. Love.
From Sydney and Auckland— Miss -B. Mnd.
Mrs. F. C. MathewBon, Mrs. G. R. Kennedy,
Master F. Mathewson. Elizabeth Chapman. A.
F. Fox. Austin Strong. R. H. Thompson, li.
Wollerman, A. S." Patersoir. F. D. Woodruff.
Mrs. Woodruff. R. Thompson. F. Moore Mr.
and Mrs. R. N\ Berley, W. K. Jacob, C. \V . Hat
field. Mrs. Hatfleld, J. G. Findley, Mrs. J. u.
Findley. John Judson, ~E. Davis. G. M. Har-,
A. B. Donald, Mrs. A. B. Donald. Miss A.
M. Donald. John Donald. Master A. Donald,
Mrs. F. Withers, Miss Withers. Mrs. E. Parker.
Miss E. D'Oyly. Mrs. E. McMurran. Mrs. M.
Goodrisk, Mrs. Florence Gough, H. Westlana,
J. H. Johnson, C. C. Bethune. C. A. Walkei.
Mrs. C. A. Walker. A. T. Walker. F. Mally,
S. X Rodda. Dr..E. F. O'Sullivan, C. A. Ar
nold. Percy Hordern. N. D. Hodge. Mrs. N\ D.
Hodge James F. O'Gorman. Mrs. James F.
O'Gorman. Henry Campbell. Dr. Charles D. H.
Ry?ai.e, Mrs. Charles D. H. Rygate, Alex
ander U Lion. Mrs. Alexander L. Lion, Kev.
James Furlong, A. A. Henriques, Miss H.
Henriques, Robert Craig. Mrs. R. Craig. John
Fountain. J. A. Butler. William Cooper, James
M Dunlap. O. Wortham. James Leslie, Mrs.
James Leslie. Miss G. E. Spring. Mrs. E. C.
McQuade. Miss E. Jamison. Miss A. Hollander.
Mrs. F. A. Baylis. H. N. Baylis. S. M. Baylis,
Mrs. Wyman, Miss Ms Malledan. C. E. Badger.
J. R. Stevenson. Mrs. J. R. Stevenson, James
Renwick. Mrs. James Renwick, \V. E. G. Fire
brace Mre. \Y. E. G. Firebrace, Miss I. Tire
brace. Miss M. Firebrace, Copeland Spode. Mrs.
L. M. Broon, J. A. Broon. N. C Broon, G.
Romerc. J. N. Hay. Miss I. J. Hay. Mrs. J.
G Stuhr, Henry Stuhr, Miss Mary A. Stuhr.
MIsb G. Stuhr. Miss T. Stuhr, Miss V. Stuhr.
William Wood. Mrs. William Wood, Miss V.
Wood. C. lUedle, R. Allcock. J. P. de Wall,
A. Champion, Mrs. Champion, Gustave Felii,
Mrs. Felix. Miss Mary Arnold, A. J Marshal!,
Miss A. B. Milleth. George Gaggin, Thomas
Tubmao, Richard Ince. John McMillan, H. G.
Ballantyne, J. M. Jensen. Mrs. J. M. Jensen,
J. J Javine. Mrs. Gavin, Charles Gavin. B.
Gavin. Charles E. Arnold, H. C. Wright, Mis.
Wright. H. O. Wright Jr., Mrs. • H. Akcrs.
Mies H. Akere. William Akers, William Frey,
Mrs. Frev. Mts- M. I/ally.
slow bell on account of fog and
a delay in quarantine the liner landed her
Australian-British mails in time to make
sch<?dule connections in New York. The
Sierra brought a full cargo and more than
300 passengers. On account of the existence
of plague in Sydney at the time the Sierra
sailed the quarantine officials' decided to
fumigate the vessel. The cabin passen
gers were transferred to, a towboat and
landed at the Oceanic dock. The -other
passengers will be brought ashore this
morning. The Sierra ran into a heavy tog
bank on- Sunday and was obliged ttrpro
ceed during Sunday and Monday under a
slow bell. With this exception the weather
encountered was tine throughout the trip.
The French bark St. Rogratien from
Swansea to San Francisco was spoken
March 30 in. latitude 33.15 north, longitude
135.45 west. She reported all well. The
Sierra's time from Sydney was twenty
one days ten hours, and from Honolulu
five days nineteen hours.
She brought > the following passengers:
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sierra arrived yesterday from
Australia and Honolulu. In spite
of a late start, two days under a
SIERRA BRINGS MANY PASSENGERS
FROM THE ANTIPODES AND HONOLULU
NEWS . OF. THE O CEAN.
Matters : of \ Interest : to Mariners and
~i . \ ; . Shipping Merchants: ' j
The British'ship: Whitlieburn is chartered . for
.'wheat. from ,Tacoma: to" Europe at '33s Od," prior
to arrival. . ¦ . - '^¦SjSJHH . '.' '- _• . '
A Grain Cargo.
The German ship Marie Hackfeld, was cleared
yesterday,- for"' Queenstown' for orders with 40,
2H3'ct!s barley; ; valued at' $43,2fi5, and ;13,;l81
ctls wheat, -valued 'at $14,88(5. .¦ The vessel:car
rled! 20.000 ft 'lumber- as dunnage,, valued at
$:soo.r : '. ':- ¦¦.¦;¦•¦.¦¦:¦•¦ .; • : :\; ¦ >.¦¦.' .;¦¦¦ .-
. ':,Thfi ¦ steamer ¦' Queen, "L which ; sailed, yesterday
for »Victorla,"T carried * a general ' merchandise
Merchandise for, British Columbia.
FROM SEATTLE.
Chicago prohibits the gathering of cigar
butts. ttomSHMBBBaBBBOaM
Maxwell May Have Gone Down.
The British ship Maxwell, which left her*
for Hull last -October, may have gone down in
the English Channel. According to a dispatch
received yesterday by the Merchants' Exchange
a -pilot-boat out from Deal saw several boats
marked with the vessel's name and a lifebelt
similarly Inscribed.;. .' :
PORT: GAMBLE— Sailed April 1— Bark John
Palmer, ¦ for East London.
PORTLAND— Arrived April 1— .Stmr Maria,
from San Francisco: stmr Alliance, for San
Francisco. ¦ - - ¦
Sailed . ADrll V— Stmr Indrapura. for Hong
kong and Yokohama; ship Inchcape, for Delu
goa. Bay. '. .-Ttfa^tanaCgNtefaM*
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 1— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence March 28.
/ SANTA BARBARA— Sailed April 1— Stmr
Melville. Dollar,' fbr San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived April I — Stmr Santa Ana,
from Seattle.
Sailed .'April 1 — Br ship M E Watson, for
Callao; stmrs. Aztec and City of Puebla, for
San Francisco:
Arrived and sailed — Stmr Coquitlam. ¦
EASTERN PORT.
< NEW YORK— Arrived March 31— Stmr Ori
zaba, from ¦ Colon.
Sailed April 1 — Br stmr Spithead, for Ma
nila; stmr Finance, for . Colon." ¦ ;.
¦-"¦¦' •' • ISLAND PORTS.
SLEEVE— Arrived March 16— Schr Rosa
mond, lrom Honolulu. -
-- HONOLULU— Arrived March 27— U S stinr
Hancock,^ hence March 15; schr Olga. from
Newcastle. • NSW; - shiiv Edward -Sewall, from
Oyster March 2:$^-Bktn Klikltat, from
Port Ludlow. March 22 — US stmr Albatrca-».
hence March 11. March 25 — Br ship Kimross,
from Kahulul. '
Sailed March 22— Bark R V RitheC'for San
Francisco; schr Jas H Bruce, for. Port Town
send. March 24—^U S stmr Hancock, for Ma
nila; Br -schr Laurel, for ' Fannine Island.
March 23 — Schr Kinc Cyrus, for Port Town
send... '¦¦> '''.'¦ '¦ ' ¦ •¦••:
To rail Ma'eh 2&— Bktn W H Dlmond, for
San 'Francisco. . .
. HILO— Arrived March 10— Ship Marion Chil
cott, hence . March 10. . •¦ ¦> ¦
KAHULUI — Arrived March 18 — Schr Com
peer, '-Portland. March 10— Bktn Wrestler,
from Tacoma. - : ' , -
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALF OF MAN— Passed March 20— Fr bark
Vllle • de .Mulhovs:, from Glasgow, for San-
Francisco.^
KINSALE— Passed March 31— Br shin Brit
ish Islss, hence Dec "1. , for Queenstown, and
ordered to Antwerp, --.m «
LIZARD — Passed March 2S — Br shi:> Dean
mont <ex Silvercrar), from Shields, for San
MJNBT ISLAND— Passed March 31— Br ship
Allertf*n. hence Nov. 1,. for Sharpness.
LEITH— Sailed March 31— Fr bark Cam
bronne, for Oregon. . ',
PORT TO WNSEND— Passed in April ;'1-
Sttnr hence » March . 20. for "Seattle.
.'¦ Arrived ¦r'Aorll 1 — Schr. Endeavor, from Ma
nila; UrshiD.Whitlieburn, 1 from Table Bay..,
•Arrived 1 April 1 — Br. stmr Kalsow.' fi\,m Van-;
i EUREKA— Sailed April 1— Bktn GC Per
kins,; for: San Franc."s;o: stmr.'Eureka, ¦ for San
Francisco; stmr Arctic,' for San Francisco; C'
- . ¦ b ORT •' BRAGG — Sailed Anril 1 — Stmr Co
qullle River/ for San Francisco. ' • '.. • .-¦ •'.
- -SEATTLE — Arrived s April 1— Stmra City of
Topeka and City of Seattle, from; Alaska; stmr
Humboldt, . hence ~ March 20. 'March 31 — Sti.ir
Chas. Nelson.- hence; March 1 27. r - \"
, .Sailed March, 3tT-Stmr."Cottase City," for
Sltka; barkJ-D Peters, for Chlgnlk Bay. '¦:- '
¦ Arrived April 1 — Ger. stmr '. Hermonthis, ¦ from
Vorf Blakeley: Br stmr • Kaisow.t Irom - Vlc
toria.vB-C^ .¦¦..-. i:-.±r .-..•_ ;-; ,:-,-'•¦ :' '-r; ., - -¦ t r
NEAH BAY— Passed out .Aarill— Bark C .D
Peters,' for Chignllt Bay.- - - r
•••¦¦.•• Passed t in :;Anrll '?1 — Br' Rtmr Wellinzton,
henceiMarch- -'{i,' : for :Ladysmtth. ¦ - ¦
"¦SAN PEDRO — Arrived Arril' 1 — Stmr Iaqua.
from Port; Los "Angeles ; h schr 'A M : Baxter,
from :Ballard. • ' -.» • .' ' ' "" . '
¦< Sailed jADril,!— Stmr-.W, HKruKer, for. San
Francisco;' stmr' Acme.'.for San Francisco; schr
Beulah.-'for Urrpqua;-. i ¦';•. . : • •- ., .. ;
1 - SOUTH ", BKMD— Arrived ' April' 1— Stmr Ri-^
val, hence M % arch 20. ' ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
: POINT- LOBOS. Asrll 1. 10 pm— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, .velocity 10 miles, per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON. 'March 31— Br ship Falls of Halla
dalp,." froni . Oregon, reports having •»' steering
gear damaged
MISCELLANEOUS.
- No date, lat 45 N. Jon Sli W — Fr bark Mar
guerite ' Molinos, hence Nov 10, for • United
Kingdom. •¦ • » *¦' •-'; • ' '¦•'"¦
March 19, lat 4 S...lon 32 W-^-Br ship Pega
sus, hence Dec 14, for United Kingdom.
Marah 25, : lat 48 N. Ion 25 W— Danish bark
Havila, • from Stevenson, for ¦ Liverpool.
¦ Per stmr -Sierra, trom Sydney — March 30. lat
33 15 'N,~ Ion 135 45 W; Kr.bark'St Kogatien,
from' Swansea, -for. San Francisco. .;
SPOKEN
S SAILED.
. ; V Tuesday, April 1.
Stmr Qneen, Hall, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen. Eureka.
Stmr Giiisy, .Swanson. Santa Cruz. •
Stmr Redwood City; Hansen,- Rules Landing.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay. , -
Stmr South' Coast, Jamieson,' '¦. y •
U S'otmr Sheridan.' Pea body. Manila.
Dutch stmr Folmina, Van- Eyken,- Nanalmo.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern. - Ventura. ¦
Bktn Fremont, Kelton", codflshinjt.
Schr Queen, ' Nielsen. ' Port Gamble.
V " . CLEARED.
". " ' Tuesday. April 1.
. Stmr • State of California, Thomas, : San
Diego;. Goodall, Perklr.s & Co.
Ger ship ' Marie ' •- Hackfeld, • Wuhrmann,
Qiieenstown; Balfcur, Guthrie A^Co.
docino." ' ' •
Stmr Gualala, Weber, 13 hours from Bowens
Landing.', .¦-¦•' ¦'• ' •
*Br stmr. Victoria, Casey, 84 hours from
Ladysrr.ith. '
», Lightship from moorlnKS off port.
• • . ¦. '.;."; Tuesday, April 1. •
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette, 21 days 10 hours 10
minutes, from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days lo
hours ' 50 minutes. ,
Stmr 1 Phoenix, Odland, .14 hours from Men
dooino. -
Stmr. San Mateo, Ross," 80 hours from Na
ns ltno. 1 " ¦ . ** ** "^
Stmr Phoenix, Ordland^ 10 hours . from Men-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
cargo • for Vancouver and Victoria, valued at
$14,2til. The following were the principal ship-
m |Sl4' lbs butter, 77,8(50 lbs malt, 8455 lbs dried
fruit. 1000 lbs raisins, SCO lbs beans, «03 lbs
bread, 272 lbs coffee, 500 lbs cheese, 200 lbs
spices 190 lbs ham, 20 cs honey, 300 lbs. hops,
1229, lbs shrimps. 10 cs canned, goods, 115 pkgs
fresh fruits and vegetables, 2000 lbs sheet lead,
1501 pigs lead, 5 pkgs leather. 41 pkgs groceries
and provisions; 100 tins matches, 11) pkgs hard
ware, 0C8 lbs tobacco, 8 pkgs oils, 28i gals
wine, • 1021 lbs grease, 8 cs cartridges, 12 pkgs
machinery. 4 coils rope, 37.4S5 lbs plaster, 25
pkgs.nailH. ___^_ ••¦&BfflBgt
NEWCASTLE, Ans— Sailed • Feb 5— Bark
Louisiana, for Honolulu. March 14 — Br ship
Orcmntcn. for San Francisco. Feb 24 — Schr
Trans.lt. for Honolulu. Feb 26 — Br bark Al
byn. for San Francisco. March 1 — Ital ¦ bark
Mario, for San Francisco. March 10 — Schr
Ariel, for Mahukona. ¦ Feb 23 — Br ship- West
gate, . for San Francisco.
In DOrt loadlns, March 11 — Bktn Georsrina,
for Honolulu; ship J B Brown, for Honolulu:
Br barS Ba'.Ue Abbey, for San Francisco: Br
ship Eulomene. for San Francisco: ship Hecla.
for San Francisco; Br ship Port Caledonia, for'
San Francisco.
QUEENSTOVVN — Arrived March 31— Ger
ship Renee Rlckmers, from Oregon; Br sh'p
Dunbritton, from Oresron.
Arrived March 31— Br shit) British Isles,
nance Dec 1.
VANCOUVER— Sailed April 1— Br stmr Kal
sow, for Seattle.
, Arrived April 1 — Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Honrkong-.
•VICTORIA — Arrived Asril 1 — Br strnr Em
press of Japan, from Hongkons.
Sailed April 1 — Stmr Danube, for Vancouver;
stmr Queen City, for west coast.'
KINSALE— Passed April 1— Br ship Clan
Buchanan, hence Dec 18. for Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 2»— Ital stmr
Luigl Ciampa, from Saattle. April 1 — Dan.s'i
bark Havila. from Stevenson, B C.
In port March 14— Br shlo Celtic Chief, for
Puret Socnd. .
NANAIMO— Arrived March 31— Nor «tmr
Titanla. hence March 27.
Sailed April 1 — Nor stmr Titania. for Saa
Francisco.
SUEZ — Arrived April 1 — Br stmr Glengarrv.
from Tacorr.a. for London.
MANCHESTER — Arrived March 31— Ital
stmr Luliri Ciampa, from Seattle.
C^APE TOWN — Arrived March 3 — Fr bark
Louis Pasteur, from Oregon.
FLUSHING— Passed March 20— Ger ship
Chriitel, hence Dec 8. for Falmouth.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer : Movements.
' The lime ball on the ' tower ' at the Ferry
building was dropped ; exactly at noon to-day.
1. e.. at noon, of the ; 120th .meridian,; or at S
p.. m.' Greenwich mean time. ¦ . ¦' •¦:; "
/ W. H. STANDLET.
'Lieutenant U. S. N.,' In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc . OfHc^'. U. S. N.. Mer
rbiints' F^-^ange. San Francisco, Cal.,
April 1. J902. - .
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of I th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column elves the ; last tide of the
day, except when; thers are but three tides, aj
sometimes occurs.' The heights' given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts. -except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from ' the depth given by
the charts, fhe plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ' V- .'.-;!*
Sun rises .'.....'..5:53
Fun seta : . . ........ ;V.'i '.....:. ........0:31
Moon rises '..;>.... ........... 1:55 a. m.
"WEDNESDAY, APRIL. 2.
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Polnl
the height of tide Is the same at both placet
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, f^PKIL. 2, 1902.
5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
M. Dollar....
Mandulay. ...
Umatllla
Eureka.......
Iaqua. .
Kmi'ire. .....
Aztec
Spokane.....
lie rmon this..
Point Aiena. .
Pleiades.....
Sta. Barbara.
Mackinaw. . .
t-omona. .. . . .
Edith...:....
lloni;. Maru.
G. W. Elder..
Bonita. ......
Colombia. . ..
Tltanla.......
State of Cal..
Chehalls
Santa Ana...
Alliance.;...
G.. Dollar. ...
City.Puebla..
Acapulco. ...
Sequoia.. ....
Rival........
Coos' liay..;.
North Fork..
Columbia. . .*.
Corcnado. . . .
San -Pedro '. |Apr. • 2
Coquille Klver . . . . ... . .|Apr. .2
VuKet Sound Ports. ... .iApr. 2
Humbol<H ........ .IApr. : 2
San Pedro '..... I Apr. 3
Coos Bay ...(Apr. :t
Tacoma '...... [Apr. 3
San Diego & Way Ports|Apr. a
Seattle Apr. ;;
Point Arena ."......". ..'.I Apr. IX j
Seattle ..;...... |Apr. 4
San -Pedro .; ¦ ..Apr. 4
Tacoma .»..'...... |Apr.' ; 4
Humboldt ............ .Apr. 'J5
Seattle ................ |Apr. 5
China and Japan....... Apr. 6
Portland & -Astoria... ; Apr. 6
Nt-wport & Wav Ports. . Apr. B
Valparaiso & Way 'Ports Apr. e
Kanalmo '. Apr. ii
San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. B
Grays Harbor .......... Apr. «j
Seattle & Tacoma Apr. «
Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 7,
Grays Harbor ... : . . . .. Apr. . 7.
Puget Sound Ports. .'. ..| Apr. 7
Panama &B\Vay Ports. |Apr. • 7
Grays Harbor Apr. 8
VVihapa Harbor. ...... .IApr. 'S
San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 0
Humboldt •..........:... Apr. 10
Portland & Astoria. .... Apr. ,10
Grays Harbor 1 ........ .|Apr, 11
Steamer.
i
'or.
1 Sails.
Oltv^Topeka'.' Skagway- &. Way. Ports. Apr. ¦ 2
Humboldt: .*: . Skairway &' Way Ports. Apr.'. ,4
Farallon... ¦'.".' Skagway ¦ A ¦ Way Ports. Apr.' B
City Seattle.', fekagway ;& Way. Ports. Apr. 6
Al-Ki. ¦..:..¦.. Skaxway .& Way ' Ports. Apr., s
Bertha::-.... Cooksilnlet & Way Pts. Apr. 15
Santa .'¦.'.¦'.'.". .'. Cooka ; Inlet ¦ •'& ' Way. Pts. Apr. • 15
Cottage City. Skagway;&' Way, Port?. Apr. 15
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
PJer.
'{ ¦ April 2. •! | . .. " .
Newburg... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... I Humboldt - *..Y .. l:3upPier U
State Cal.. San Di<?go & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Argo Ferndale & Eel Riv. 4 pm Pier 2
•¦„•;; April II.
Phoenix.... Mendocmo City. ... 3 pm Pier 13
Lakme....'. Astoria ii Portland. 0 ffm Pier i 2
Columbia.'. Astoria &' Portland.111 am Pi»r -1
J.S.Klmbal) Seattle Jfe Tacoma.. 10 am Pier U
. . April 4. j .
Empire. . . . Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
ilandalay.. Coquille River...... 10 amjPler . 2
North Fork. HuniooUH ......... » am Hler 2
Eureka.... Humboldt ......;.. 9 am|Pler 13
Coos Bay.., San Pedro & Way. a umiPier ii
'¦¦; *•;•..-¦ ¦ ¦.¦¦April 5.-. -/.¦• I.'..- .;•
Iaqua.'..:.. Humboldt ::...:., J|10 amjPier 2S
n. Ar«na. . l*o:nt'*Aiena .. .. ..i a ( ¦<>> cut • \i
Kurcka. .. . Moitniuln ¦ v . s*.attlf ' 5 r»r'p<«r'
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul|'3 pm|Pier 20
-.%l>rii : u. -', . |
Spokane.:. San Diego •& \V*ayi». 9 am Pier 11
Licatilla.. . Fuget ' Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
April 7. !
Curacao... Mexican Herts 10 am Pier 11
. ¦ April K. ( ;-J |
Arcata... /. Coos Bay& Pt Orfdfl2 m|Pler 13
boiuta..'... .Scwpori &\\u.v.ria j ain.f.tr'il
G. Elder... Attoria & rortlandlll r'amlPler 24
Gaelic... China & Japan .... | 1 pmlPMSS .
City Sydnej I'auama & Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
Hermonthls Hamburg; & Way. . I. . . .. .|Pier —
Chehahs... Gray6-Harbor . 5 pm Pier 2
- . ..-April !>. |
Alliance:.. Portland & Way Pts .»...-. Pier —
". -•<¦,'. > ¦ April 10. , »¦¦-,; ..•
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Sierra..:.; Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.'. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor..... . S pm Pier -•
Rival. ..... Wllla pa Harbor I 5 pm Pier 2
.•-'•.. -¦...•¦ ' = ¦: April 11. ¦¦¦ ¦ ..-. ¦;•.:¦
Stquola;. .. Grays .Harbor 5pmPier';2
Clty.Puebla Pugotr Sound Ports. 11 am Pier .9
0 ' Time Time Time • iTime
g Ft. •¦ Ft. Ft I Ft.
• L ' "W H "W - LW . |8W
2~ 0:23 3.2 o:. r .fi 4.2 12:B2 1.1 8:10 : 4.3
3 1:20 2.9 7:0« 4.3 1:41) 1.1 8:46 4.7
4 '2:0n v 2.5 8:13 4.4 2:30 1.1 !>:20 4.9
6 2:55 2.0 0:10 4.7 3:14 1.2 0:52 5.1
6 3:30 1.5 10:02 , 4.0 3:54 1.3 10:24 5.:<
7 4:2i n.!M0:54 r>.o 4:J4l i.rkiibum
5 | 5:051 0.5|ll:4G| 5.1| 5:14| 1.7|U:29| 5.5
Steamer.
i
'or.
1 Sails.
Oltv^Topeka'.' Skagway- &. Way. Ports. Apr. ¦ 2
Humboldt: .*: . Skairway &' Way Ports. Apr.'. ,4
Farallon... ¦'.".' Skagway ¦ A ¦ Way Ports. Apr.' B
City Seattle.', fekagway ;& Way. Ports. Apr. 6
Al-Ki. ¦..:..¦.. Skaxway .& Way ' Ports. Apr., s
Bertha::-.... Cooksilnlet & Way Pts. Apr. 15
Santa .'¦.'.¦'.'.". .'. Cooka ; Inlet ¦ •'& ' Way. Pts. Apr. • 15
Cottage City. Skagway;&' Way, Port?. Apr. 15
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
PJer.
'{ ¦ April 2. •! | . .. " .
Newburg... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... I Humboldt - *..Y .. l:3upPier U
State Cal.. San Di<?go & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Argo Ferndale & Eel Riv. 4 pm Pier 2
•¦„•;; April II.
Phoenix.... Mendocmo City. ... 3 pm Pier 13
Lakme....'. Astoria ii Portland. 0 ffm Pier i 2
Columbia.'. Astoria &' Portland.111 am Pi»r -1
J.S.Klmbal) Seattle Jfe Tacoma.. 10 am Pier U
. . April 4. j .
Empire. . . . Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
ilandalay.. Coquille River...... 10 amjPler . 2
North Fork. HuniooUH ......... » am Hler 2
Eureka.... Humboldt ......;.. 9 am|Pler 13
Coos Bay.., San Pedro & Way. a umiPier ii
'¦¦; *•;•..-¦ ¦ ¦.¦¦April 5.-. -/.¦• I.'..- .;•
Iaqua.'..:.. Humboldt ::...:., J|10 amjPier 2S
n. Ar«na. . l*o:nt'*Aiena .. .. ..i a ( ¦<>> cut • \i
Kurcka. .. . Moitniuln ¦ v . s*.attlf ' 5 r»r'p<«r'
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul|'3 pm|Pier 20
-.%l>rii : u. -', . |
Spokane.:. San Diego •& \V*ayi». 9 am Pier 11
Licatilla.. . Fuget ' Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
April 7. !
Curacao... Mexican Herts 10 am Pier 11
. ¦ April K. ( ;-J |
Arcata... /. Coos Bay& Pt Orfdfl2 m|Pler 13
boiuta..'... .Scwpori &\\u.v.ria j ain.f.tr'il
G. Elder... Attoria & rortlandlll r'amlPler 24
Gaelic... China & Japan .... | 1 pmlPMSS .
City Sydnej I'auama & Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
Hermonthls Hamburg; & Way. . I. . . .. .|Pier —
Chehahs... Gray6-Harbor . 5 pm Pier 2
- . ..-April !>. |
Alliance:.. Portland & Way Pts .»...-. Pier —
". -•<¦,'. > ¦ April 10. , »¦¦-,; ..•
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Sierra..:.; Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.'. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor..... . S pm Pier -•
Rival. ..... Wllla pa Harbor I 5 pm Pier 2
.•-'•.. -¦...•¦ ' = ¦: April 11. ¦¦¦ ¦ ..-. ¦;•.:¦
Stquola;. .. Grays .Harbor 5pmPier';2
Clty.Puebla Pugotr Sound Ports. 11 am Pier .9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
M. Dollar....
Mandulay. ...
Umatllla
Eureka.......
Iaqua. .
Kmi'ire. .....
Aztec
Spokane.....
lie rmon this..
Point Aiena. .
Pleiades.....
Sta. Barbara.
Mackinaw. . .
t-omona. .. . . .
Edith...:....
lloni;. Maru.
G. W. Elder..
Bonita. ......
Colombia. . ..
Tltanla.......
State of Cal..
Chehalls
Santa Ana...
Alliance.;...
G.. Dollar. ...
City.Puebla..
Acapulco. ...
Sequoia.. ....
Rival........
Coos' liay..;.
North Fork..
Columbia. . .*.
Corcnado. . . .
San -Pedro '. |Apr. • 2
Coquille Klver . . . . ... . .|Apr. .2
VuKet Sound Ports. ... .iApr. 2
Humbol<H ........ .IApr. : 2
San Pedro '..... I Apr. 3
Coos Bay ...(Apr. :t
Tacoma '...... [Apr. 3
San Diego & Way Ports|Apr. a
Seattle Apr. ;;
Point Arena ."......". ..'.I Apr. IX j
Seattle ..;...... |Apr. 4
San -Pedro .; ¦ ..Apr. 4
Tacoma .»..'...... |Apr.' ; 4
Humboldt ............ .Apr. 'J5
Seattle ................ |Apr. 5
China and Japan....... Apr. 6
Portland & -Astoria... ; Apr. 6
Nt-wport & Wav Ports. . Apr. B
Valparaiso & Way 'Ports Apr. e
Kanalmo '. Apr. ii
San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. B
Grays Harbor .......... Apr. «j
Seattle & Tacoma Apr. «
Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 7,
Grays Harbor ... : . . . .. Apr. . 7.
Puget Sound Ports. .'. ..| Apr. 7
Panama &B\Vay Ports. |Apr. • 7
Grays Harbor Apr. 8
VVihapa Harbor. ...... .IApr. 'S
San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 0
Humboldt •..........:... Apr. 10
Portland & Astoria. .... Apr. ,10
Grays Harbor 1 ........ .|Apr, 11
0 ' Time Time Time • iTime
g Ft. •¦ Ft. Ft I Ft.
• L ' "W H "W - LW . |8W
2~ 0:23 3.2 o:. r .fi 4.2 12:B2 1.1 8:10 : 4.3
3 1:20 2.9 7:0« 4.3 1:41) 1.1 8:46 4.7
4 '2:0n v 2.5 8:13 4.4 2:30 1.1 !>:20 4.9
6 2:55 2.0 0:10 4.7 3:14 1.2 0:52 5.1
6 3:30 1.5 10:02 , 4.0 3:54 1.3 10:24 5.:<
7 4:2i n.!M0:54 r>.o 4:J4l i.rkiibum
5 | 5:051 0.5|ll:4G| 5.1| 5:14| 1.7|U:29| 5.5
Missouri Pacific Limited
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily.
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago . New York. Boston aad all
Eastern points. Fcr berth reservation and full
Information address
L. M. FLETCHER.
. . . Pacific Coast Agent,
126 California *t-. San Francisco. Cal.
jrrs^ tlM. \IGOK, MlALJiriorMtN
jtt(<&L MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
/"/< v~» K 1 have been in use over fifty
t^.>*?rf^[»A years by the leaders of the
fflwsy £1 Mormon Church and their
K£iwJ.**^«S| followers. Positively cure the
WyW^'T^ 1 S 9 worst cases in old and young
tak\&Vv \5s arising from effects of self-
G3q!mJ/J * abuse, dissipation, excesses or
Vft32&*jK" ¦ C cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
io&S*Kr£ f Manhood. Impotency. Lost
TSESSSr Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. /» Varicocele or Con-
Ftipation. Stop ICer ?*% g J vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are immediate. Im-
part visor and pote *»«««¦• ncy to every func-
tion. Don't Ket despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
t!ie brain and nerve centers; 50c a box'; 6 for
?2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
mon^y refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 4O Ellis Bt..
Kan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 40 Third st.
' A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
SftUSEUH OF AHATOMY?
\ !tf The Larrat Asatonica] Museum iiutbe \
(f *O*>-x r" 11 Weaknesses or anjr contracted A
i%. WZ£¥i * sease •'••'"••'•ya.r.d by the oldest *
O [}5 Ta I ipeculut «n the Coast Eit. 3 « yearv ©
0 tfiSli DR ' JO R DW-D1SEASES OF MEN/)
1 I SX*5m Consultation free and strirtljr prirste. \
G I Jjfijf R Treatment personalljr or by l-tter A«
\ 8 * Tl S ""****• Curt "• e»ery case undertaken. T
HFU It? w f'»efor Book. PBlLOSOPHV.f A
V H I* "»*«n«A«E. UMUO FREE. (AY
/t ti It- *a'oabie book for nrn) 1
V OB. 3Ont>A.Ji A CO.. 1051 HarkptSt.S. F. 9
f EHNVROYAL PILLS
fi»— <S*V OHgiiml and Only fiojtnlno.
fef*C*W»^»« UE» aa< Cold aetallie boxt. a*al»4
5i S^liT'g^^ b!a » rtbbon. TnkeB«*tfcer. Refoa.
7?1 *IS t>m+cam>m »afwitUrtlaai« aad Imlta.
I / f W *••"•• **T »' r»ar Orugglw. or >rad 4«. ia
I Si JA !?J*SS > ft 7, PaFtl«lar«, Tertiawnlali
-A. * if tarn Mcll. l».»(i<fiwt:a»BU<-.. C«i4bi
wt EI 8 6Iii non-polionona
"medy for Gonorrhoea-
Gl«et, Sperraatorrhoea,
>&gsr CURES Whitea, cnnatnral dia-
/S9&J Ia 1 ta 6 daj-t. \s chargM, or any lnfiamma.-
CTfy Ouartstetd u *" lion, irritation or ulcera-
a. M rrtrest eooi^ion. ' on of mucous meru-
""^thfFviks tvTWA\ Cn. uranes - Kon-Mtrlngent.
fc^rrr* r»-Kiiin n CTXfS **" d " J Dra KSl*tx*
or Mnt jn pla , n wrmppcr>
XBX V.B.A. Arm br exprens prepaid, for
rfj^gtm^ ,,^*yRB fl.00. or S hottlcg, (2.75.
Circnlar »eat ca reijue6t.
j^^v WONQ WOO,
Cf CHINESE TEA AND HERB
PU / SANITARIUM.
Jrk&l 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cil.
«S5*MS>lft»y A LL. DISEASES l.URED
*mwSSMV* r\ exclusively by Chine*.
Kcrbf. ov«r 3000 varieties belnx used Hour.
* SO to 11 a. m.. I to 3 and I to > p. :n
ll *MTENTSt J
MARKET ST. SF^hSJi*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malted
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J f WII £ f ll 800 B*«erjr Street.
I- niLJim tt VJ-. Telephone Main 18C«.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
\k^ RflVF^ ft C(\ Eblppia* Butchera. 104
JAO- DUlLJ tt LU Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OII-3. LEONARD tc. ELL.I3.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone. Main ITU.
PRINT ING. ~~~~~
E.C HUGHES- .uxSSZFk.**;.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 Tint street. Saa Francisco.
DIAMOND DYES Purest. Strongest.
Simplest. Fastest of all dyes.
If you have any of the varied symptoms
of rheumatism, neuralgia, dyspepsia, liver
complaint, kidney disease, eczema or salt
rheum, a few bottles of Paine's Celery
Compound used at this time will rapidly
dispel all trouble and danger. We urge
every weak, ailing and sick person to fair-
ly test the medicine that is doing more for
suffering humanity than all other oom-
bined remedies.
Paine's Celery Compound is pre-emi-
nently the best spring medicine known to
medical practitioners for thoroughly
cleansing and purifying the blood and
banishing the varied Ills that result from
a poisoned and impure condition of the
life stream.
To thousands of people, out-of-sorts,
¦weary, despondent, morose, irritable, with
¦weak, faltering step, pale faces and dull
and sunken eyes, not sick enough to be
confined to bed, this is a critical and dan-
gerous season— a. time that urgently calls
for prompt action, if recuperation and
cure are the prime objects.
The past experience of .hundreds of
thousands, including able medical men,
clergymen, judges, lawyers, literary men
and women, the rich and those in high so-
cial position, points unhesitatingly to
Paine's Celery Compound, the great medi-
cal prescription of modern times, that
Kives to the ailing, sick and diseased the
true condition of health that insures hap-
piness and true pleasure from day to day.
Tho virtues peculiar to Paine's Celery
Compound Quickly manifest their power
In the correction of unhealthy nerve ac-
tion, and supplying the veins with pure,
more abundant, more vigorous and life
giving blood.
tem and Restores Perfect
Health.
Rejuvenates the Fagged-Out Sys-
Celery Compound
PAINE'S
Tired Feelings, Weariness,
Lack oi Energy, Despond-
ency and Moroseness in
Spring, are Signs
of Ill-Health.
PAUSE'S CELEB-Y COMPOUND.
QdfoM what the talking sign says. Jtpfedizts the weather. I l tells of bargains that never $
*- Ifind their 'way inioJhe tapers. It's a mechanical wonder. It s the talk ot the town. *
g r ~. ; .. . ¦ ; — '¦ -• . _,' : ... \. " " : — — ....... — — — .*»
I Linen Scarfs, 53s. :*77&'- 1 £?* 0 « Special Wednesday %
JfA 'small -JotV ( 1 86 only), «tra finest VV^y> J^tJm £± s* A m a m**^ Some daintiI 7 decorated pores- J
J, quality stamped pur e lin.n Momie Jt^^7fi£//Ui^i4JJff %^ % ™* P«PP«S, fancy S
Jf ') Scarfs, : ske 1 8x54 " inches, worth' 7^/jH # *"<V^ B**?*/ +* •^"*'*1X=~ silver-plated tops, regularly V
*,» 85c; on sales tables for u , aj^iaULHH' /3 cpair, vv ednes- ° %
K Wednesday only: each . 53C '*m0&^***'*»MZ*\CKS GRANDEST STORE. day only 4SC .J
V ¦ •¦-;¦'-"¦ - "• _-: • •_;//; , • ;. r- — — — ; : ' *
tRemarkahleBookOfier _,V>/ "-v Ten-Dollar |
*^ We have purchased 2000 volumes of famous copyrights— - '^i^f^F^'''- '' : '^lMbJi£^ '
J» more than 40 title's, including some of the most fascinat- . . : ; "Jc
»? ing ficticn . that has ever been written — in handsome , \ ¦*/ m^mSaS &amM§itym •*
V ; scamped c'oth bind'ng.% large, clear typss,'. well illus- Ev€n at - this' low price we
1 tratcd, andw; have marked thes: £1.25 and $1.50 '-. . J^^^^^, can offer you ail-wool garments,
£ stories atthe extraordinary price each...... J.^^^^^. cut and made up in a manirer. "»
l- ••• . -^S^^m^ -V fcw years agowasnot 5
; K Among the 40 tit'es are: . , ... ' MMm& M^^"^^^^ ce:mcd possible in. ready-to- "t
K : "Simon Da'e," by Anthony Hope. ¦ B&uMM^ $8 fflmP^ ' wear clothing. -. If
tS "The Grtat K & A. Train Robberv," Paul Leicester Ford. MW^mMIM^^^^ T r 1 1 1 <=*
§ ¦ "Ligh: of Scarthey." by Egerton C*s:le. you should pay $15.00 70U .J
jj»;' "American Wives and English Husjanfs.'* ty Gertrude Atherton. M/^f could not get better fitting Or better Jj
I* 1 . "B:ix,"»y Frank Norrk ¦ ' f»*' : ag^^^^^B. wearing garments. !*
!* "I, Thou and the O:hcr One," by Amelu Barr. I $M They arc the best suits for *?
Ijf "Under tie Great Bear," by* KiVk'Murroe. 1 men that Can be produced to retail vj
j *; . \"A Fair Birbaran," by Frances Hodgson Burnett. . V for $XO.OO'. '' - They come in bright JC
j^ "A Ci^rctte-Maker's Romance," by Marion Craw o:d. 1 1^^ l^W n:w Spring fabrics in pleasing pat- %
~~~ I W»M M^m trrns and the latest color effects, or «*
5 $2 Waist Patterns j $1.12. . I S pi . . yon can have plain black or blue if %
U' A very limited quantity of beautiful white embroidered I H| H you prefer. And this is our guar- g
f*" ' . ' . r , t :' ..,.••' I p^m i;pjfl an'ee of the great value of these .V
itf waist patterns or- fine sheer lawn, most art sticaliy em- 1 Wm ma • -r c- j % ¦
, $J r ¦'¦'-¦«".¦¦ \ W$& WtSi £UUS — " vou or y our "lends arc not <%
I* broidered in severa: diffcr:nt styles, a:d put vp :n a \ ||| • ||| sat'sfied with your bargain af.er you -J
$ box; patterns tha; in the regular way retsil at $ 1.75 *$L get the suit heme, return it to U3 at
j^ and $2.00 eich; on sale in the main *h!c JstiF once in the condition that you re- j|
j J Wednrsday •' , . . . . '. . . . , • ..... • $1.12 Gr ceived it and get your monty back. '*
\$— — -— — — — - — ; . : , . — ¦— — - — ¦ — '¦ — %
\j0\ The Best Shoa PsaH Buttons 9c. A Towel Sale g
i K ESs/FttZiin ITsttw 2O ° Gros3 of Pcarl Bu " tons > F ure whit => » g ot>d W&dnesday Only. V*
|J» T tl' quality and. in the four best sizes ( 1 6, 1 8, Two kinds, and each equally desirable. One lot Jj
itf yi^lk > iS^V J\*&J • aa and 22 line), are marked for the "'- . of B eached Turkish • Towels, closely woven, V
* &\ *JSL lileL/^ -iWj " j ' i j"t ' * Qt* heavy nap, and a large size. Thr other a .J
$ jf f W^ Sh0CS '^ W^nesday sale, card of 2 doz.".fifC; rur / Lin V n Damask 8 Towel with knotted j{
••* ¦ '^W^K 1 /Ml fe-V/ . an '* s-r-ctly — — — ,. . . fringe. They are two of the most popular ] J|
*° W^'* (i \ o' \ vSjf v up-to-date, fj q towel numbers we carry and are unmatchable JK
2? K^U ¦ t JljBs. \ /JsSei (they hav; —^ - ¦ ' -m ~J-L ',¦''' t ' bargains at Wednesday's sale prices. £
*- '"bBR*-^Lv vAv*»aP just corns HenOWn OC LriyarS ' The 33-oo perdozen Beached Turkish Towels, $
j^ 'fey? ??5 jr^ \ 3 into the, ' t€ 09k £ tfWW . 48 bches long, Wednesday, each . . .17o ft
£» l I I store), one B S3 §OB* The 52.25 p?r dozen Knotted Fringe, A ! l-
IS '' Lnjjf^T . \ _ \ of them' bat . ¦ Linen Damask, Wedmsday, each..../4C •
«f JaTOafir \^^1 qjality vici C/7 ]p JJI "Tl- tc ]/\/cph "•*
?» /©5k5^ ?-j i «JU'M> /I" into rrcch/. *+-* i-t nr~* — -M
*C kB*^ shors with ¦ .. OfiTSOill "?
jf patent leader tips and hand turned soles the GrOCeHcS, WetJiteStlsy. At|#cW 42' nckfS ' "**
tf v . other fine vici kid, patent leather tip?, a M ¦ ¦ ' L. •,.*.* nn ri7^T^"\v^ Tl^-^L 5
«f mannish shape with Goodyear .ue ud so es, Eest Dr V Granulated Sugar-24 lbs $f.OO A^^^h $1.18. I
j»» . cither Cuban or military heels, shoei that you Van Camp's Soups— Assorted, 3 tins . 25C /^^^^^^^ Pretty 24 " karat %
t£ couldn't possibly expect to buy under J3.50 Table fruits— Extra Standard Peaches, Pears, wffflfr^ J\Salfc Gcl . d - Platrd O™ 0 '" >S
1^ p:r pa'r, are offired in Apricots or Piums — -2.y-.-W>. tins, regu arly /jPjff#« /. r *5\ 2^\\^ Finished Clocks — ft
* nil sizes and widths for tfgjP E&S& 17c each; on Wednesdiy" only, per m ' l^JFJv,«^) 3 Wh war « n t td not to
J '^Wednesday only at .. %fr*imHf%0 dozen, f 1.68; single ens . . . . I^C WBk« M]p^ JW^ tarnkh — p e r f e c t..J,
C ¦ ' ; - ¦'¦-" ' " nt . -._" ¦/;, •„ ~ re • • f\57JSV^3 timekeeper; *- inch Jf
If " — — OUs-Bes^Manzaxulo or Cahforna n?e aial; guaranteed for > .
g Liquors, Wednesday. p Vr T T l-T\'' ' '^ i%° 1%^W -y-M»- rK iaiJ
5 HocXVhiteWir.e-Anexccl.enttableofaHr,, l^^J^^^'M^ **2^&U - I
JL Wednesday only; gallon. . . . . •. 45C Keek's Ge!atine-W e dnrs<J „ 3 pkgs, 25C . "^ ; a * ' $K18 $
*' Ginger Ale — Taylor's — a beginn!ng-o r -the Pet Cream ;.— The well-known brand, 3 ¦ • jg
t» season special — on Wednesday only, <loz 75c ¦ tins .'.'.. .... . . ... . . 25o Tzfa't* CfXTf*fK /Q™ •*
Jf Willis ( ourty Whisky— A splendid Kentucky . ; . ; . n ~, t -rV*^ a -
J ¦ Wh ; S ky, r?.ade in the spring df 94, rich and, r „. - *-^« Good Sateen Table Covers, 1 prd square,
% ¦.mellow, special .Wednesday only, bot. 75 J TMS CiSSS $f.4O. ' . {^S^ f "found, in a variety of pretty de- *
2 Black Letter Claret- Quart bottle.. . 2GC Golden Oak ft->U-^-^ ».g~ and co.onng,; just th.- thing for wnall g
* (Per doz:n quarts, double) : Toilet Gas; - ?* wi f fQt* §
J Vermouth-Made by. Noilly, Prat & iie, _ ha , , \ ;§ . iWZ?A ' ™ Wednesday oniy ISC J
K % 'Wednesday only, bottle. ... . . 48Q prong* for ,• S\ | \ 'c/C4r_ ]'" (7 _,- \ Z __ 'J
|. 1 hanging - Photo Frames, 23c. •,*
%' flflm.olSirm i % .nm4'*im*^ 4LCkr% 'towels.- £m**mmmm <iTi ¦hljiummiumi.h ¦i.iii^i They are double cabinet frames, finished in tha JS
X mUSIM %0UrtZinS ,«»¦ underneath, g •¦• 3 beit of leatherette material in a« S3 rt="d colors, *
~ Just 100 pairs of pretty Sash and Cottage Cur- az2-nch T ' g . wth a handsome embossrd 2^x3^-inh me- 3
K tains, good muslin, 36 inches wide and 2^2 *M* * n< * a •• " '., -.^ ;/•-; -V.'l- dallion on ccver. These frames are made to .•*
?• '.. yards long, with heavy ruffle of plain Swiss, 7319 French bevel plate mirror — no bathroom. stand or f_ld up, nice" to send pictures abroad 1€
tl a great bargain at Wednesday's j.** shi uld . be without, /it. On -*'• J9f% m > should b^ 35c each, marked %
j *?* 1 tpscial price, p.r pair . .' ... . TrirO specal sale Wednrsday on'y. *%fJ.ty]jr for Wedaese'ay ony 23 C '«J
\X—r— —7 . •-¦ / ", -' \ ... — — ¦ — $
J On Sales Tables Thursday,^ yoii s wil : finfc Supporters, Club Bags, J
i J Tooth Powier and Tooth Brushes, Books, Figured, Denims, Bitl-nberg Squares, E c. ;$
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
IB. KATSGHINSKI. I
;RUBBER V^ 1 '¦V:' y^Jm§M ¦ uniori poo |
HEELS. ¦ <em^&^ nU'^LEbb. t
for nurses or waiters. I
-¦¦ '^Afshoe specially designed for nu rses and waiters. Easy fitting:, no tacks EJ
• or "nails -to hurt the feet,- rubber heels tliat make them noiseless, they are Wa
Idea! 'Shoes. ¦ m
I The nurses', shoes are made of vici kJd, with wide coin toes and tips and \S
hand ¦¦ sewed, soles and, "rubber- heels. The price.:..:..*.:.: 8I5i7o "3
. -.The.' waiters*,., shoes,' made of kangaroo calf,- same style aa above. All : h
sizes andwidths. :..:.. ...r.:/.. .r.-.. .;.•-,. ...j..... '...:.-..'..... $3.OO 3
, COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. . p|
|%J B. KATSCHINSKI, |
PH I LADELPH i^SHOE GOMPA NY|
10 THIRD STREET, Hfe San Francisco. I
GUARANTEED CURE for nil bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad '. «
blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples, *
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow skin and dizziness. When your bowels don't move \
regularly you are sick. Constipation kills more people than all other diseases together. It 1 i
starts chronic ailments and lone years of suffering. / No matter what ails you, start taking \
CASCARETS today, for you will > nev*r get well and stay well until you' get your bowels ¦"]
right. Take our advice, start with Cascarets today under absolute guarantee to cure or f '
money refunded.' The genuine tablet stamped C C C.,'- Never sold in bulk.' Sample and I '
booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company. Chicago or New Yo* 1 .!. 5°» •OFFICERS OF THE CLUB WOMEN'S GUILD WHICH HAS BEEN OR
»> GANIZED TO BRING. ABOUT CLOSER RELATIONS BETWEEN THE
VARIOUS FEMININE ASSOCLVTIONS ON BOTH SIDES OF BAY.
;.The local burglar; who pleaded, guilty; rather, than
face 'a threatened, punishment of seventy r seven". years' 1
imprisonment will probably ] feel .like /accepting tile
congratulations r oV -his " friends if he is let • off . with /in
carceration if or' life. ' : ¦¦" ';¦".
; Colonel Watterson's assertion that. Roosevelt: is
trying to s .make ', himself, a . rough rider idictator -lias
now -been . sufficiently reviewed - by the ; press of ! the
country to make it evident that the universal" opinion
is. that Watterson was altogether too exuberant and
slopped pver.T ' . . .
. John D. Rockefeller, being a millionaire/ mourns
and laments because he has no hair oh his head, eye-,
brows, lip or chin ; but . were . he a ; poof, impecunious
cuss' it; would be a source /of rejoicing that he could
make a living in a. sideshow as 'a* hairless freak; and
thus perverse nature deals out as a curse to one man
what would be^; fortune, to' another. ..
"Personally, ; I believe, freight rates should be as
steady and -equal as' postage; rates,;^and that; no dis
crimination.'should<be;made. The person who' turns
over freieht to a common" carrier for transportation
: The new move on the part of the commission is
looked upon as one of far-reaching importance. That
view was taken by. the Judge, who, in issuing the
order, said: ¦ ; . » '•¦'.¦
It is reported "from Chicago that it is believed the
six railroads named in" the restraining order agreed
not to contest the petition ( for injunction- at this' time
in order that other roads may eventually beibrought
into court and compelled to live up to the require
ments of the law.
WHILE" urging Congress to clothe it. with
a • largely increased power, the' Interstate
Commerce* Commission has engaged, in a
vigorous fight ; to compel the railways centering at
Chicago to obey the law.' . As a means to that end,
the commission some time ago applied to the Federal
court, asking that, a temporary restraining order .be
issued against six entering that city. The
railroads did not contest the petition, and it was duly
granted by Judge Grosscup with the statement: "But
for the compliance of -the defendant . I should have
required the fullest possible hearing. The matter is
one of extreme, importance and not to be decided
without the most mature deliberation." V
A hot discussion is raging between New York and
Boston as to which of, the two cities- has- the= larger
number of paintings by the old masters in the hands
of millionaires, and whether, the collectiun\of J. Pier
pont;Morgan or Mrs. Jack Gardner .is; ; -the finer.
There seems to be nb'. interest on either side as to
which of the two is the mofe liberal patron .of Amer
ican' art. In fact, home art doesn't seem to count in
either city.
THE INJUNCTION PLAN.
• The ; speaker read a report of the com
inittee'of t the Board of Supervlsorsfiied in
March*,' 1899,' in '.which : it was "declared that
'^the £ cemeteries in ' this city '.were ¦ garden
spots,; and that there was no valid reason
why ~\ they; should -be closed ' in" response • to"
the; petition of the Addition- :.De-'
velbpmeht Clubi v. According to the.; speak
er, the cemeteries; were operated to all in
tents ; arid purposes* as public parks land
inflicted ! np , upon | any ; one."?; ¦
*,X Referringctojthe'iterm .the
: speaker^ lnsisted^thatjits iuseVnecessarily,
implied the ' continued" "exlstencel of ? ; iiiat
which . is<to. be regulatedVand ' not' Its sup
< pression. i.i It Vas conceded jthat. tne muni
cipality, had Inherent police' power' to pro
tect^ Itself /? but *eyen Uhat ) power • hadv its
limitations. \] It ; had 'power, to) regulate '. in
! all \ matters": when : in" ; doing : so ¦ it 3 did .: not
Conflict vwithf general . laws. 'i"It "coui^Vnot
, cnnflanatenronertv without due Process of
•Attorney. Robert; Harrison, one of coun
sel for. the appellant, George R. Fletcher,
superintendent of Odd :FellowsV Cemetery,
who^is contesting the validity of the or
dinance in question, the court
at^some length. He denied; that the con
stitution ; conferred in clear terms : abso
lute police powers upon. the Board of.Su
pervisors, .but that '.such power .was con
ferred .by the charter. More' than 30,000
cemetery • lot : owners • are complaining . of
,'the attempt made by the '. Supervisors :'in
this instance 'to [deprive thenvof the right
', to I bury;, their 'dead in established ceme
teries, .'and : on this -ground j the ordinance'
is "¦ unreasonable ; and therefore void. .
The speaker contended; further that "the
police power of the; Supervisors was not
limited to the regulation of nuisances, but
that 'it i extended to the limits of abate
ment and suppression. The rights, of own-f
ers of plats in cemeteries were subject to
the prohibition by - the municipality ,'pf
burials in such plats. In the
speaker, said the matter at Issue should
have been* taken to the Supreme Court in
the flrsti Instance In order that valuable
time might have \ been saved to all con
cerned. '•¦¦- . ; ¦ ¦ '• . ¦•¦ - . : v
, Attorney McEnerney, who represented
the Board of Supervisors, summed up his
argument 'briefly. He .discussed the va
rious points made by the other side and
declared ;that*the term regulation under
the' constitution -meant :ln- fact an ordi
nance^ so that^the contention that the
Board of Supervisors might regulate but
not prohibit, was hot proved. %'J;-',
The arguments in the constitutionality
of | the ordinance -prohibiting burials ; in
the' city '. and county of San Francisco
were completed before Superior Judges
¦Cock, Dunne and Lawlor,' sitting in. bank,
ye%terday. The rnatter at issue was sub
mitted to the court and the promise made
that an early decision would be rendered.
law; It could not with the mere stroke of
a pen confiscate the property of 30,000 citi
zens without providing for their compen
sation.
Attorney W. S. Wood followed with a
brief r argument, in which he said the
burial ordinance was in conflict with the
.general laws of California and therefore
veld. Decisions in support of this conten
tion were read to | the court, g The sub
stance of .these was that When a man
bought a cemetery plat the ownership
thereof was vasted In him- and his heirs
at-law forever, and that no municipal
legislative body could deprive these of the
rights of ownership. BBjBW
In support of the claim that it was a
custom as old aa the fabled hills to re
spect cemeteries as sacred, and that the
rights of owners thereof were perpetual,
the speaker read a portion of Genesis
xxiii, in which is recorded the negotiations
of Abraham with the sons of Heth for the
purchase of . a burial place .i for. Sarah.
This deed vested in Abraham. and his de
scendants absolute ownership"'forever
more. ¦ The claim of ."the other side that
? there was no available land in this city
and : county was declared to be erroneous,
and the argument was advanced that the
need of burials' in .adjacent counties did
not' exist. ¦-
This practically closed the argument.
Attorney McEnerney asked leave to make
a reply, to Woods on the ground that he
had raise/I issues which' were not pre
sented by counsel for the appellant in the
opening argument. This being granted in
opposition to the objection of Woods, who
si.nl; McEnerney was bound to have the
last word, he proceeded to say that the
sections of ' the" Penal Code relating to
; cemeteries conferred police powers upon
the Supervisors for, their regulation ar.d
suppression. The ( other side; contended
that a cemetery could onlybe.dosaJ by
repealing the law under which they 'y\ne
established and not by a municipal -oorty,
£:i:c:n as the Board 6t Supervisors. Tbo
case was then submitted, Judge Cook sui
•liouncnipthat a decision might b*e reach
ed before the close of the" current month.
News in Army Cfircles.
The Second Battalion, Twentieth Infan
try, now in camp at the Presidio; has been
ordered to -Columbus Barracks, Ohio.
Captain W. L. Simpson,' Sixth Infantry,
has been, ordered, to : Angel Island »for
duty 'to .relieve Captain Americus Mitch
ell, Fifth", Infantry.: who' will, leave shortly
for the Philippines. , Captain :E.W. Apple
of the medical department* has been or
dered to Columbus Barracks; Ohio. \
. HOTEL.;. DEL CORON'ADO. choicest Wlntet
Resort . In ; the world," offers best living, climate.'
boating, "• bathing " fishing £ and : most 1 -' amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock. manaser. Coronado. CaL
CaL glace fruit. 50c per. lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
vound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frlen:!*.
€39 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. *
Mrs. Newlywed (weeping)— A villainous
looking tramp tried to kiss me this after
noon. Jack. Mr. Newlywed — Heavens !
Those wretches will do anything to get
into Jail for the winter, won't they?—
Judge.
The saving of a few cents on a. bottle of Va
nilla Extract, will not atone for annoyanca ot
having dessert "Just a . little off" tn flavor.
Always buy Burnett's/ tha standard quality.
There are twenty tobacco factories in
France— three in Paris and the others in
the large cities. In 1S99 they employed
17,181 hands. 15.732 of whom were women
and glrl3. Besides these there are 714 per
sons employed as directors, overseers,
foremen, etc. ¦ <
Ex. strens hoarhound candy. Townsend'a.*
...... .<¦"_
in the guild are the Calif ornia, . Century,
Corona, Forum. Laurel Hall, Mills. Philo
math, PuertaDel Oro, D. A. R.; Sequoia,**
Sketch, Sorosis, Spmners, 'Wiinodausis,
Women's Council. Porteons and Women's
Press Association. Those in Oakland are
the Ebell. Woman's Club; Alameda, Adel
phian. Tea Club; Berkeley, Berkeley Par
liamentary Club and Town and Gown.
CONCERNING CITIES OF THE DEAD
street: secretary and treasurer. Miss S. P.
Thomas, 1611 Gough street; Miss Ldlla
Tautphaus, artist and designer for Club
Life, 1529 California street; Alameda
County secretary and treasurer, Mrs.
Seib; assistant secretary, Miss Bernice
Scoville.
. The clubs of San . Francisco • embraced
The officers of the club are: President,
Mrs. J.R.- Tautphaus,' 1523 . California
.. - ' - , '¦¦ ¦ • / ¦¦"¦•
- The cover i for the Initial number will
present a redwood V grove, drawn. by Miss
Lllla Tautphaus, a'student'of Mark Hop
kins Art Institute. •
The guild Is to publish a journal called
Club Life, a neat little paper of sixteen
pages, in old English typo, which will be
issued monthly, beginning May 1. The
paper, as weir as the organization, is to
be i Calif ornian in every respect. It will
contain reports of the .various club meet
ings and business, articles of interest to
womankind by leading women writers.
Club Life will also contain articles by
leading medical men on subjects, of hy
giene and' kindred, topics of importance.
- The r .guild has its . office in ' '. room 'i 207
Heargt" building. The ' old Engllsir style
of 'furrilture/has'beeri; employed in fitting
up the room, and huge 'oak tables and
dark-wood chairs give it a picturesque ap
pearance. ;; An etching of "Old Queen
Vickey.V-by Edward Gorden Craig, son ot
the actress, Ellen Terry; occupies a prom
inent : place on the Wall.' Miss Toby, a
local , artist, had charge of the work of
decorating the office. , ¦.¦J i .
"i'j-v "Club "Women's Guild." The new
organization is composed of the leading
women's societies of. San Francisco, Oak
land,. Alameda and Berkeley, the purpose
being . to. bring the different associations
nearer to one another and thus promoting
the interests and. welfare of .club women
atiiarge.. '.... ¦ a) •-..¦¦' ... -...': ;
ANEW club has been formed in San
Francisco ; which bids fair to be
come popular. It is composed of
. women and will be known as the
The committee asserts in its report: "It can work
no injury to our industry if we make this small re
duction in Cuban sugars. The enactment f of this
bill will not affect the protection of the sugar pro
ducers of the United States." ; Utterances similar to
that have been heard for years from free traders and
their Democratic allies. It was by such assertions
the people were led tc elect a Congress pledged to
reduce tariff duties. Experience with the Wilson
tariff soon showed what a reduction of protective du
ties meant. to the industries .of the country; and at
the. ensuing elections the people voted overwhelm
ingly for consistent rnd comprehensive protection.
It is strange,, therefore, that some of the very men
who were chosen to enact a protective tariff are now
advocating a scheme which will destroyits symmetry
luid revive the tariff agitation; and moreover arc
trying their scheme by argument's identical with
tliose the free traders and tariff -tinkers have- been
ttsing for years.
monize with that declaration, unless it can be shown
that we do not produce sugar?
Protectionists of liberal minds will admire the
nerve of the men who have submitted to Congress
an official report asserting that the reduction of du
ties on Cuban sugar is in accord with .the declarations
of the Republican platform on the subject of pro
tection and reciprocity. The platform adopted at
Philadelphia, after declaring "We renew our faith in,
the policy of protection to American labor," goes on
to 1 say, "We favor the associated policy of reciprocity
so directed "as to open - our - markets on favorable
terms for what we do not ourselves produce in re
turn for free foreign markets." How can the report
of the Ways and Means Committee be made to har- (
There are \'ery few genuine protectionists in the
United States who will assent to any single state
ment in that conclusion.. Democrats and free traders,
however, will 'hail it with gladness. If the assertion
were true that the American sugar industry will not
be injured by the competition of the cheap labor on
sugar • plantations of the rich island of Cuba, then
it would be equally true that other American indus
tries might be subjected to extensive foreign compe
tition without injury. If it be true that this treaty is
in accord with the reciprocity doctrine of the Re
publicart platform and the declarations of President
McKinley, then other reciprocity treaties of a similar
kind would also be in accord with the platform.
Finally, if . the surrender; of the. sugar .industry to
foreign competition be in entire harmony ' with the
protective system, then the. surrender of other indus
tries' to competition would also be "protective." Such
doctrines in short will be hailed with joy by the op
ponents of protection, for if they be valid, "protec
tion" ceases to be reasonable and becomes a self
-evident absurdity.
"It is a happy circumstance that, without any injury
to our own industries, and without the Joss of any
thing except seven or eight million dollars of revenue,
which we do not need, we are able to extend this
rtlief to Cuba. and. at the same time get reciprocal
trade relations with her.- Aside from the exceptional
case that Cuba presents, the action of the committee
is in entire accord with the reciprocity doctrine of the
Republican platform and the declarations of Presi
dent McKinley and Piesident Roosevelt. It involves
no proposed revision of the tariff jor anything not
entirely in harmony with the maintenance of the
protective system."
The argument for the bill in the report of the com
mittee is made up miiinly of assertions that cannot
be sustained in debate, and it concludes by saying:
FROM the Ways and Means Committee of the
House the Cub:.n reciprocity treaty has been
presented along with an extended piece of spe
cial pleading in its behalf. It remains to be seen
"whether the stalwart protectionists of the House can
defeat the scheme, but the outlook is doubtful, for
the vote in committee shows that a good many
Democrats will vote for the bill. 'Still it will be worth
while for the protectionists to make as strong a
fight as they can in the House ; for the sake of
strengthening ; protection sentiment and increasing
the chances of defeating the bill in- the Senate. ,
THE .CUBAN SCHEME.
Taken altogether, the composition of the Demo
cratic Congressional { campaign committee is, decid
edly variegated. It; was accomplished by a unani-.
mous vote and - the thing looks . harmonious, ; but—
wait till you hear from Bryan.. I
Another feature of the situation is worth noting.
Mr. Cable is. not only a very rich man, but is a large
stockholder in the, Chicago, Rock Island and. Pacific
Railroad, a corporation that is supposed to exert a
strong influenceon the politics of several of the Mis
sissippi Valley States. It is believed he will.be; able
to swing the railroad influence to the. Democratic
side, and that fact gives him a. good deal of prestige
in the Democratic . camp despite the " loudness with
which the party denounces plutocrat*.
The fact that Cable is to be the chairman of the
executive committee and Nixon is to have charge of
the finance "committee seems to imply, that 'Griggs;
will be only a figurehead. If that be-so the Bryan
ites have the husk and the reorganizers thekernel.
The. selection of Cable to take i active charge of the
campaign is especially notable. During the time of
the wrangle over the chairmanship and shortly after
the defeat of Griggs at the first meeting Cable's name
was frequently mentioned by, the reorganizers as' the
proper man to take charge 'of the : campaignf He
managed the Western canvass for, . Cleveland in . 1892
with marked success, and wh^e he did not publicly
bolt Bryan's nomination he was. not a worker for
him.- Consequently he -is looked upon as anything,
rather than a Bryan man, and the fact that he is now
to be chief of the executive committee implies that
the 'reorganizers have been able to force a compro-:
mise oh the Bryanites and virtually capture the com-'
mittee. . - ''-*¦ ¦ . ¦: ::'.'' 7 .' . •-:*•>;
: \ All those' reports have proven ill founded. .By some
riieans the wrangling factions have been brought into
harmony, and the, man, who could not .command; a
bare majority at the first meeting has the satisfaction
of obtaining his election by a unanimous vote. : Some
thing has been doing, in the. Democratic ranks,
though it is not yet quite; clear what mind has direct
ed the doing. ..
The unanimous election of" Griggs gives evidence
of the active pulling of «i good many .hidden wires
during the last two orthree. weeks. At the first meet
ing of ¦ . the Democratic . Congressional campaign
committee an attempt was made to elect Griggs, but
it was defeated. It was stated at that time that. the
nomination of Griggs ..was the first open movement
of v the Bryan faction of the party to head off the work
of the reorganizers and his defeat ; was hailed by the
conservatives as a victory. The opponents of Bryan
were so much encouraged by the vote" that they un
dertook to bring forward a candidate Who would rep
resent the demand for a new leader and a new "de
parture. Then came reports of the probability of the
election of. Senator Martin ,.or-. of Senator Gorman or
tven of'some-Democrat still more; pronouncey in his
antagonism to the Chicago platform. ¦;¦ ¦
gether. ' They terminated the long dispute over the
chairmanship of the campaign committee by the elec
tion of Representative. Griggs of Georgia by a unan
imous vote: _ It is. announced, that the executive com
mittee to 'be appointed later will have for its
chairman Ben. T. Cable "of Illinois, and the finance
committee \yill be headed by Lewis Nixon of New
York. As neither Cable .nor Nixon are members of
Congress- it' appears the 'of Congress do ]
not feel able to take care of themselves and are reach
ing out for help to the country at'ferge.
AFTER much pulling and hauling- the Demo
crats of Congress, have.. managed. to get their
, Apolitical machine out of the mud and patch it
up for work in the' approaching Congressional cam
paign. Moreover, they managed, by one means or
another, to accomplish' the feat of pulling all to-
THE DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN.
The recent report that King Edward has taken to
the use of snuff, and will make ; it fashionable has led
to an investigation of the snuff 'trade in Great Britain
and the discovery that the 'usetof the article has been
steadily declining for many years, consequently if the
King takes the matter up. he will be helping not an
infant industry, but a decadent one. .
WEDNESDAY* ;'. . . ........ ... .'. ,1 APRIL 2, 1902
• - JOHN -6. SPRECKEtS: f?fO P rietoT^__
-:¦¦; li(utt All Ccitincnieatierui 1» W. 8. I TkKT, Ktnsger.
MAXAGEIl'S OFFICE^ . ... . . .T«lipli<me Pmiii 2O4
riBLICATIOX OFFICE..- .MarUet and Third. S..F.
' ' . -. Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
• . . .Telephone Press -202. . ¦ .
Delivered »»j- Cnrrlero, 15 Cei»4«' Per Wetfc. •;
Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms \hy, BInfi, Including. Postage »
DAILT CAtX. (Icrludlr.s Sunday), cne year. '.. .". .$6.00*
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), ft months. .......... 3.00
DAILY CALL (inclufline Sunday). 3 months ¦'¦ 1.S1
DAILY CALL—Bj- Single Month:....."-... 65c
ECKOAT CALX* 'One Year.. C4..- : 1-50
WEEKLY CALI* One Tear .......:..:... ...1.00
All .postmaster* are authorized 10 receive
subscription*. : .' •¦¦• '
Sample copies will be loi war Jed. when requested. ..
Mali subscribers In. ordering change* of address should, be
particular to rJve both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a. prompt tend correct compliance ' with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ........... . .'HIS' Broadway
1 C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ktxtpx Fartlga AdTertiiiag, Kirqwiis BnildUt. CMe»;>.
Ojon< Distance Telephone "Central 2619.").
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT J
C. C ClBLTO f V. Herald- Saoare
- XEW YORK REPREEEXTATIVE:
fTEPHEV U. SMITH 3O Tribune Ilullitins
• »J ?- .'- - CHICAGO NEWS 6TAXDS:
Ehencan House; P. O. News Co.;' Great Northern Hotel;
frement House; AufiUcriurn Hotel. .-
WASHINGTON (D. CV> OFFICB. .'.\14Ofi G St., 7i. W.
3IORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
" > ?^ < '. 'NfiVV TORK *NEWS ET.iXDS: .
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brectano. . 31 Union Square:
Murray HI!1 Hotel. ; . .¦,. . . •
nRA.VCli OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner ct Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. f!V.
McAllister, open until 0:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin. open until
6:80 o'clock. 1941 Miestcn. open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 0 o'clock. 1096 Va
lrnci«. cpen -untH 9 oVlork. 10ft -Bieventh. open until. 9
o'clock. JCW. corner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. ¦ 2200 FlUmore. open until 9 p. m.'
Through such institutions the State is concerned,
indeed, with men, women* and. children, with human
ity in its powerless and pitiful aspects. The care
given them should not be formal, • touch-and-go, be
cause it is what differentiates the modern Christian
state from the ancient commonwealth, that took.no
note of its people disinherited in faculties or fortune.
The State does not discharge its duty by^ regarding
only the corhmercial'tideof such a responsibility, nor
by putting such institutions among jthe assets of par
ties and treating !them as the spoils of victory. If
politics must loot, : let it victimize the strong, but
leave the weak and defective to benefit by the inspira
tion of that voice which cried, "As ye have done it
unto one of the least of 'these, ye have done it unto
me.". • '-. -- ¦-- " -\! •. - '.»;¦'• : < ¦- '"¦
"This is riot simply a. commercial question. These
institutions deal with men, women and children, and
are the embodiment of the loftiest philanthropic sen
timent, of the State."' Their work -should not be car
ried on in a mechanical way. Philanthropic services
and business ability combined in the management of
these institutions should produce the best results.
Competent boards' of managers can always be obr
tained, and their powers, be properly regulated by the
Legislature." ' t
*; The State of New York has had a general board
"for thirty-five years in charge of its eleemosynary
institutions. .This 'Siate Board of Chanties, in its
last report, expresses '.the- need. of individual manage
ment. That report declares 'that 'The management*
and control of State charitable arid' reformatory in
stitutions should -be intrusted to, individual boards. of
managers, composed of -ghilaAthropic citizens of the,-
State. ¦ Men arid women at'eharacter and^ intelligence,.
who have time and ability .to give to the-'service.pf
the State, should be encouraged, as they are.inrother;-
States and countries where charitable and reform
work has reached- a. .high: state of development, to
devote themselves to the service of the State by act
ing as members of the boards of managers of its in-;"
stilutions. This course not. only greatly benefits- the.
institutions through* the enthusiasm, the > special
knowledge and the disinterested and gratuitous ser
vice which such numbers bring to the work, but also
keeps theif management largely free from the semi- '
mechanical administration which a central board, of
control, having many ! institutions and diverse,inter
ests to care for, is -able to give to each. Besides
helping to keep the institutions out of -the undesir
able routine liable '- to follow the administration of a
central board of paid officials, it keeps their manage
ment in closer touch with the people. -
To mass all these institutions under a common
directory would impair: their usefulness and defeat
their purpose.: Their business administration would
be economized and improved by abolishing oar pres
ent Board of Examiners, composed of State officers,
who act cx-olTicio.'janti substituting therefor a board
of account-and audit, to do. well what. the Board of^
Examiners now does '.defectively and inefficiently.
Such a beard, should enforce a common system of
accounting for all State institutions, putting our
policy in that respect in' line with the movement that,
is going on to compel, in public accounting, the same
exactness and system that are the rule in private and
corporate business, -The board should also have vis
itorial powers, and 'pay, that it may inspect ever>'
institution and be prepared to affirm or icject the de
mands that each make f- upon the Legislature for ap
propriations, either, foi special purposes or support.
The university; regency requires men who will not
only manage well the business of the institution, but
who are: also ¦ scholars, au courant with university
work everywhere/ ..Our . penal institutions will not
be well-managey unless in their directory there be
some men who.have mdre than dipped into penology.
On- that directory business capacity and knowledge
of the latest known in the management of criminals
should be combined. The same is true of the man
agement of the incorrigible: As for the insane, the
feeble-minded and blind and- deaf and dumb, the same
policy is most requisite. Management of the defec
tive classes is of a' peculiar nature. The requirements
of the juvenile blind are entirely different from those
of the adult blind. They should not be under the
same management nt all. ;-- ¦
The scheme; is alluring to the practical politician.
It would give control of rieariy four thousand places;
and of an expenditure which runs into the millions.
A rake-off artist; would thrive in such a. situation.
But-asidc-from.-tht.dangerlof putting all that power
and patronage in the hands of 6ne board, under
the most -honest management the institutions, would
suffer.' It is impossible to find .three men or. five
men . qualified by training and sympathy to ¦ manage
a university, normal : schools, insane asylums, the
blind, the deaTa'ndVdumb/the feeble-minded and the
criminal institution's and classes. Each. institution re
quires oh its board of' managers one or more persons
in touch with its purppse,; intelligent- and, experienced
enough to know whether its policy is adapted; to its
purpose. On each board there should be an element
that is; not in pursuit of patronage or power, but has
for its. motive a genuine interest in the work and
purpose of the institution. . _ .'.'.
IN this ' State .there is 'a regular recurrence of. the
proposition to put all .State institution^, irom\ the
university to the . School for the Fecbte-Mmdedy
under the managemeni-ofone board, that sh'all have
all' the pat'rdiiager nuke all the purchases and deter
mine the policy 'of "the: -entire group, educational,
penal and . eleemosynary. ; v ; : '
THE STATE INSTITUTIONS.
WOMEN'S CLUBS INSTITUTE GUILD
AND WILL PUBLISH A MONTHLY
With that declaration -to go. upon, it would seem
the commission has now a chance to accomplish good
results:. The railroads have often invoked' injunction
to stop the enforcement of law, and now. we shall
see if injunction can prevent them from violating it.
The possibility that the process of enjoining rail-'"
ways from violating the law may. prove "'the.vitaliz
ing principle" of the interstate commerce act and
the Sherman law. renders the case ont of supreme
interest. It may go- far toward solving the whole
problem that is so perplexing in its complications
and avoid the necessity for new legislation. •. - : . i~
In issuing the injunction,, the court said: . "If any
departure from the established rates is made by any .
of these, railroads during the pendency of these or
ders, the couri will ttke great pains to seek out the
offender and provide against further
should be made to feel that he' will enjoy the same
rates as every other shipper. The kind of traffic oh
which these-bills are based is much more complicated
than mailible matter, and; the rates, therefore, should
be -subjected ; to that v ir.uch stricter regulation. * But'
the question here is what 1 power ' the ; Government
has to enforce the provisions of this interstate com
merce act. - If this for an injunction, can : .
be maintained, . it will make the courts y>l equity;the;
masters of the maintenance of rates. Such a finding ¦
might t also." prove to be the vitalizing principle v of :'
the act." . ' ¦ ¦ '•¦ "•¦•'¦• • ¦:¦¦'¦
THE SAX FRANGISCO GALL,V!^R
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Elder and Shepard sell g %
HOUSE with the I
GREEN 1
g SHUTTERS
I Which HARPER'S WEEKLY says
is "far and a-yay tha most original
novel of the year.*^.
By GEORGE DOUGLAS
Whom the LONDON TI1IE3 likeas U
Balzac, Flaubert and Stavenson.
Sixth Edition. $1.59
Elder and Shepard
L238 Post Sire:t San Francuco
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
IZ EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
." modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 5Oc to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week: ?8to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every x room: elevator runs all ni^ht.
Grand Opera-house — "'The Empress Theodora."
Fiecher'e Ttoeater— "Little Christopher. "-
California— A 1. G. Field Greater Minstrels.
Tivoli— "The. Serenade."
Central— "The Sleeping City."
Alcazar — "Brother John."
Columbia— "The Christian."
Orpheum— -Vaudeville. .
fcbcrman-CUy Hall— Song Recital to-morrow nlrht.
Oakland Kacetrack — Races to-day. * .
AMUSEMENTS.Auditor Baehr put his corps of clerks to
work yesterday figuring the amount of
interest due teachers on their salary
claims of November,' and December, 183S.
The Interest was ordered paid by resolu
tion of the Board of Supervisors, the sal
aries having been recently paid out of the
surplus- fund. Ba&hr- expects to be able to
pay the interest between April 15 to 20,
when the figuring will be completed.
Figuring Teachers' Interest.
Suits for divorce Were filed yesterday
by Mary E. Large against W. H. Large
foT -desertion, Marie.- M.i Sands against
James V. Sands for cruelty, John Bowsn
from Mary J. Bowen for infidelity, George
M. Boyd from Edith J. Boyd for. deser
tion. Rose L. Neuhaus from Henry Neu
haus for intemperance, Louise Reinert
sen against Ludwlg Reinertsen for cru
elty. A divorce was granted to Henrietta
Silverman from Joseph A. Silverman for
desertion.
In the Divorce Courts.
To hasten convalescence, to' calm excited
nerves, to stimulate sluggish circulation,
to digest ordinary foods— then Malt-Nu
trine is "Nature's first assistant." Used
daily it fulfills all the functions enumer
ated above, for it is the incomparable
pure tonic extract of Malt. A Standard
with physicians. Sold by all druggists.
Prepared only by Anheuser-Busch Brew-
Ing Ass'n, St. Louis. U. S. A. ; •
When Nature Needs Help
This American landscape artist who has
achieved so much distinction abroad was
a pupil of Samuel Parsons, superintend
ent of the New York parks. He Is a son
of the late Joseph D. Strong, the well
known artist and portrait painter, and
was born in San Francisco. His .mother,
Mrs. Isabel Strong; and his grandmother,
Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson, are in this
city.
The trustees heartily concur In the broad
views which have been your gullding principle
In deciding how the park should be dealt with,
while the leaving of the natural beauties of
the . scenery undisturbed appeals to them as
the crowning feature of the work. • • : •
The trustees wish you a prosperous professional
career and hope that some day in the future
you may • again visit Auckland and drive
through .the. Grand avenue In the Cornwall
Park, of your designing, to the summit of his
torical One Tree Hill.
The letter ' commending the -design is
signed by . Arthur M. Myers, chairman,
and all the , other trustees ! of the park
board. Dr. Logan Campbell, who pre
sented s Alickland with the land for the
park, joined in testifying to the excellence
of the design. On the written recom
mendation of the Auckland Scenery Con
servation Society the Council of: the city
sought to engage Strong to supervise the
improvement of all the city parks, but
professional engagements in the United
States would not allow him to. remain in
New Zealand.- '-i J £l. V.-*! > ¦ ' ¦'.'"
Among the ; passengers:: of the Oceanic
Steamship Company's E Sierra yesterday
was Austin" Strong, the young American
landscape architect, who • was commis
sioned by cable.: last October to design
Cornwall Park, Auckland, N. Z. The park
embraces a mountainous area of 400 acres,
the crest of the mountain commanding a
magnificent' view of \ the ' harbor. The
trustees ; were so delighted with Strong's
design that they paid a -tribute to the
architect's genius in this form:
Landscape Designer Returns
From New Zaaland on -
the Sierra i
Great Honor Gained in
Auckland by Ameri
can Architect.
AUSTIN STRONG
DESIGNS A PARK
i On motion' of ' Mr. ¦ Mills . it was .voted to
have the "country. fromOroville toMarl
posa ?ati a- certain . elevation, examined', to
determine" 1 its '-¦ capacity ; for* producing; cH
rus v fruits.' •¦< Mr:» Mills said ; that , -he ,'. was
convinced '^ that'' in that, section" was- the
finest' citrus fruit region in
- Mr. .Mills told, of; an excursion party of
Eastern ¦ lumbermen ¦ Who ¦ will . leave v Min
neapolis for. a » visit' to the = coast,' coming
to this- city; early, next Juno and .then*go-
ing '. north; -v" There 'will ; be 150 : prominen t
lumbermen": in the party, iwith.'.their.fam
illes,-r.who '.will - represent . many . millioa.
dollars j of . capital. ;* It . was voted * to '• refer
the matter of entertaining. the lumbermen
to ; the executive committee of the promo
tion • Cornmittee.'wMMpBnSMaiMatSS^BaMHBi
• General Chiprhan also proposed that San
Francisco should r be . districted f or > tne
purpose of raising funds needed T for- the
work > of 7 peopling the State." He .said
there Tshould; do an agent to .visit the.ho
tels < and escort visitors . to I the exhibit of
the State Board' of Trade, and there ought
to be an agent in' charge, of "an 1 exhibit > at
Ogden ' illustra ti ve ; of tha raaources of the
California counties.-
Districting the City.
General Chipmah made .a long -state
ment of the finances and resources of the
State Board of Trade. ' : There are ' fifty
organized counties north of Tehaehapi and
but sixteen are affiliated "with the board.
He suggested that every affiliating ; county
should prepare a ; list of f the" lands within
its borders : that ' are for sale, • with* full
particulars concerning improvements, irri
gation possibilities, etc.,. so that the pro
motion committee would have definite in^
formation : to 1 present concerning lands.
The. counties' should also, provide' some
way I to have their advantages f or • man u
facturlng localities understood.' -
Mr. - McCormick . announced . tnat both
the. Southern ¦ Pacific Company and" the
Santa Ke would give stop-over privileges
on air colonist tickets to all points in Cal
ifornia. This was not in vogue last sea
son, and the result was that passengers
kept on to their several destinations and
lew of them remained in the atate. Mr.
McCormick said that the present condi
tions- would result in . a large benefit to
the interior counties. Up to date the
number of persons using colonist tickets
exceeds that ot last year by 10 J per cent
vip. Kl '-Pascand i!3 1-3 per ceht~by way?of
ogden. ¦ The', tickets > run "-another, thirty
days; It was in view of the shortness of
timo that the promotion committee acted
so promptly. . . ; -. •'.• ;-.. >
The proceeaings were attended by lively
debate, at times, Dut no radical dluerenced
of opinion were developed. ¦•
W. H. Mills- reported that Manager
Kirkpatrick . of tne Palace -Hotel uad
agreea to permit the installation of an ex
hibit.'of the resources of the State in a
hanusome cabinet in the court ot tne Pal
ace. The idea was approved and tne
necessary instructions wore voted. - ' .
-The " executive • committee ¦ will - have general
supervision of the work. The promotion com
mittee will meet monthly and oitener If re
quired. : The permanent chairman ot the promo
tion committee will appoint committees o; three
members each on wajs and meuris,'. advertising,"
colonization, employment and manutacturib.
This does/ not limit the sub-committees to tne
number of members herein . provided. It uein^
understood that they can be eniargeu aa e:nur
gency demands.. : -.-. ..:-• - •• '
The" plan submitted by Mr. 'Jennings
and adopted by the promotion committee
provides for the following: . ¦ .
Details of Plan.
at 3 o'clock- -at the rooms of- the State
Board of. Trade," with instructions to have
a 'report of a plan ready'to submit at a
meeting of the promotion committee next
Wednesday afternoon.
v Burton was caught utter very clever
detective work, on' the part: of •the^oitice
of Customs Surveyor Spear. Information
reached Surveyor Spear three months ago
that a trunk containing one hundred flve
tael tins of opium had oeen smuggled into
Portland and was on its way to thl3 city.'
Preparations were immediately made -for
the capture of the gang believed- to •¦be
operating in smuggled opium here. . " In
spectors were detailed to intercept the
trunk on its arrival here, but the Cus
toms Collector at Portland, Or., opened
the trunk and removed ninety-nine tiii3.
leaving one in it as evidence. Bui ton re
ceived the baggage check of the trunk by
mail and gave it to an expressman, avb
removed it to Burton's room -in the Cos
mopolitan Hotel/ Two customs inspectors
concealed in an adjoining room eaw Bur
ton open the trunk.- They rushed in and
placed him. under arrest. .•••' . . ¦
United States District Attorney Wood-,
worth could . not obtain evidence that
Burton had guilty knowledge of the con
tents of the trunk and therefore a convic
tion would be impossible, hence the dis
missal.. . . . . ' . •.'- ¦.', J
On motion of Assistant United States
District Attorney Benjamin \L. McKinley
in. the United States District Court yes
terday a nolle prosequi was entered in the
matter of the Indictment against Frank
D. Burton, charging smuggling and the
concealment of smuggled goods. The pris
oner was discharged from custody shortly
after and proceeded to make himself In
visible, so far .as Federal officers were
( concerned. He had .be£n confined in the
County. .' Jail for- three ..months awaiting
the disposition of his case. ..:,: ..
Rapid progress' was 'made throughout
the after-dellberatlons." ..The -plan for. the
election of the. executive committee and
other .sub-committees of the i promotion
committee web brought in by Rufus P.
Jennings. Thi« was adopted after little
debate and with slight amendment. ¦ An
hour later .the executive committee had
beem appointed and a meeting-had been
called for that committee this afternoon
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce, Rufus
P; : Jennings; Merchants' Association, Charleo
Bundschu; Slanufacturers' and' Producers' >i*»
soclatlon of California, Andrea Sbarboro; Board
of Trade of San Francisco, A. . A. "VVatkins;
Merchants'- Exchange,- T. C. Frledlander; San
Joaquln Valley Commercial Association. Pro
fessor. J. A. Barr of Stockton ; Sacramento Val
ley Development Association, . Colonel E. A.
Forbes of Marysvllle; South Pacific Coast coun
ties, V.- A. Schgller of San Jose; Santa Fe Rail
road Company, W. A. Bissell; Southern Pacific
Company. E. O. McCormlckj State Board of
Trade," N. P. Chlpman. \V. H. Mills, Arthur
R. Brlggs, C. M. Wooster of San Jose and E. D.
Sweetzer of Santa Rosa. - ¦ ¦ • ¦ v :¦/¦•¦• .
Colonel E. A. Forbes of Marys'ville said
that be did not deem. himself a permanent
member of the promotion committee from
the Sacramento Valley, and intimated
that .W. S. .Green would be selected. As
the roll was called yesterday afternoon
, the promotion committee Is composed as
follows' for the present: .
While the committee on promotion has
not finally been made up, the greater
number of members are selected. - Messrs.
McCormick and W. A. Bissell of the San
ta Fe Railroad Company were present to
represent the respective lines in the tem
porary organization of the promotion
committee, but desired to' bp released
from regularly serving. .The reason they
assigned for this action was that they
could do more outside, of the committee
than within it; also they were out of town
frequently. The other members of ' the
committee made many complimentary re
marks . concerning the railroad men, and
expressed themselves so strongly in favor
of. having Messrs. McCormick and Bis
sell serve that they finally agreed to re
main on the -committee: Both said that
they were earnest in. their desire to as
sist the Immigration movement to the
best of their ability. Mr. Bissell said that
he had been instructed by the president
of the Santa Fe Company to be present
and aid all that he could.
Body of Promotion.
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce, Rufus
P. Jennings; Board ol Trade of San Francisco,
A. A. "Watkins; Merchants' Association, Charles
Bundschu; State Board of Trade;- W. H: Mills.
After the Board of Trade : had 'met the
promotion committee, was called : together
and provided, for the, election of- an ex
ecutive 'committee with large powers, to
be composed of five members, which is
charged with- the duty of preparing a plan
of campaign. Andrea Sbarboro, president
of the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation of California, was made perma
nent chairman of the- promotion commit
tee, and as such became chairman of. the
executive committee. T. C. Friedlander
of the Merchants' Exchange was elected
secretary of . the promotion committee.
The executive committee, in addition to
Andrea. Sbarboro, consists of one repre
sentative from each of the commercial
bodies of the city, the personnel being as
follows:
A' long step was taken yesterday to
ward the promotion of the work of induc
ing immigration to the California coun
ties north of Tehaehapi. ' The State Board
of .Trade met and indorsed steps to pro
vide for the promotion committee to act
with the board. Then the by-laws of the
State Board of Trade were amended to
provide that- the promotion committee
shall be one of the regula y r standing com
mittees of the board. •• '-' v - 1 ' i-.nii?n :•
Promotion Committee of
Board of Trade Mo ves
Quickly.
Prosecution Unable to
Secure Sufficient
Evidence.
OPIUM SMUGGLER
BURTOH IS FREE
PROGRESS HOW
IS THE SLOGAN
Charles B. Landresse, reported at the
Morgue yesterday that Howard : Siddons,
16 years old.had been missing since last
Thursday, from ,the gasoline schooner
Caroline, lying .at Steuart-street wharf.
Sixteen -Year-Old. Boy . Missing.
The members of the Board of Public
Work3 have also been summoned to ap
pear on the same day to explain why that
board's. orders relating to the. removal of
fences on the University Mound tract and
other places are not carried out. .
-During the coming week the Grand Jury
will visit the two sites offered for, a pest
house and. will summon a number of those
interested in . the sale of the ¦ accepted
property in order to ) ascertain why the
price oxginally made was suddenly in
creased. .. ¦ ' ; ' ¦ -.
. The charge that Harry Rossiter, a spe
cial policeman, assaulted Con Donahue, a
saloon-keeper, on September 17 was again
taken up by the Grand Jury. Police Offi
cers Leonard and Waller gave their testi
mony and the case was taken under ad
visement:
. For failure to reply to a communication
requesting the Board of Police Commis
sioners to hold. more frequent meetings to
consider the matters that are likely to
come before them all 'the members have
been cited. to appear next, Tuesday after
noon. ¦ "¦: -' ' •¦¦¦•• -
Ohnimus cited a number of decisions In
support of his contention, but the Grand
Jury intends citing . him . for ' contempt as
soon as the papers can be prepared .by the
District Attorney. • • -'
Civil Service Commissioner L. J. Ohni
fflus. was again before "the ' Grand ' Jury
yesterday afternoon to tell he knew
about the statements made by him regard
ing the raising of a fund of $6000 by. cer
tain, police omcers with which to corrupt
the . commission. The testimony of Ohni
mus was widely different from that given
on his first examination, but he again
refused to give the name of his alleged
informant. He based his refusal upon
subdivision 5 of section 1881 of the Code
of Civil Procedure; the portion he quoted
being as follows:
"A' public officer 'cannot: be examined
as to communications made to him in of
ficial; confidence when public Interests
will suffer." , : -- . - ''/.}
. Old settlers in this district connect the "incident with
the murder of the old prospector named v Rodgers. About
seventeen years ago Rodgers owned the ground on which
the Chinese made their find. He was murdered in his cabin
-by r an- unknown person, being found dead in His bunk with
'his -throat cut from ear to ear and numberless knife wounds
¦iri ; . his* body;-; A, Chinese named Fang was -supposed to have
been the. ; murderer, as r he mysteriously disappeared at the
time: Rodgers was known to have at least $10,000 \v9rth of
gold, dust and nuggets, the product of his labors on the Flat
'I Creek ciaim. . . ,
... -—>-., . • . -.._., ' , . • ....
¦ l.ESWICK, April i.— Keswick is stirred by a mysterious
M visit. of three Chinese aimed with rifles,' who came and
IV: weiitin a day, carrying, away with them a box supposed
I to contain $16,000 in gold dust. The Visit j recalls the
i murder of a miner named Rodgers seventeen years ago. : It
is believed, that the dust was that of which he was possessed
when he wasslain by a Chinese named Fang.
v ; .When: the three Celestials alighted from the train they,
'proceeded, directly to a blackened stump on the hillside be- •
tween Keswick and Shasta. There- they dug to a depth" pf>
three feet and later carried away in a sack what could plainly
: - be seen from the outlines to be a small box. They feft on the
southbound train this evening. : : " % ;.'",.; \
.'¦ / . Curious persons investigated, the scene of their opera-,
tiohs and found that the box had been removed fronr the hole
they had dug. Trie impression of the box- could be plainly
seen. •>' "
Soon.
Oontempt Proceeding May Be
-, Instituted Against Him
Special Dispatch. to:The Call. .
Ohnimiis Changes^Testi
¦^^^on^GiyenVBefore .
Grand Jury.
Three Mongolians Uncover Near Keswick
Box Containing Fortune in "Gold: -
CHINESE DIG UP THE TREASURE
OF MINER MURDERED YEARS AGO
STILL SHIELDS
HIS INFORMANT
THE "• SAST •;¦ FRANCISCO ; CALL.^ Wi5D]STJi5SJJA Y, Ay KJLL' 2, a 902.
7
Fiva .Dollars: a Box.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-¦ AiR. Lewis,; M.'-'P.. in a lengthy article
in the • columns . of ¦ the American ; Journal
of : Health, says;-; concerning '¦ hair: ,; '.'Its
deterioration is a constant source of wor-
ximentito ¦• humanity,; consequently /bald
people are readily deceived by. 'fake' hair
restoratives. J The wish that a hair prepa-
ration will 'flil- the bill*, is' father,- to the
fancy. '.that it Is likely to do so.; A rare
case In point, is ; that of .Newbro'siHerpi-
cide, which actually does v'flli: the bill.' It
destroys the parasite that ' attacks the
hair -. root and prevents* dandruff, ¦ falling
hair.arid baldness." -./ ; ' ¦••.•-. -¦ • •
Bald People.
That Became a Fact and Pleases iff any
A POSSIBILITY
tfyi'f" P, PI ft If 1' I - Corner . Fourth . arid
Vn L L ' U I I V ft I : ¦ Market - s - F - Try
lUrr Jill I Ul our Special/ Brew.
. valises checked free.'
|f ! —^'<»<hlng:like it. Comfort &H
|J— ¦ < ';>3e5%7" security! A Perfect Retainer, JM
H /M \It does tho work! -%^ Call or pr%
«k ¦ //Jj\ write today for "booklktno.I." /Ssjj
v Address: Magnetic B. Truss Co., jgcSf
s * . mm r.: 206 Pot t Street, San Francisco. Cal. BSt
or 1145 Broadway, New York, Mention this Piper JPWaf
ADVERTISEMENTS. . :
REALLY RELIABLE
Bargains; all uprights, such as 1 Heine, $315;
3 Stcinways, fl'jo; 2 Chlckerings, $165. Three
new pianos, $98 to §160, including such second-
class makes at Hallet & Davis — exactly such
pianos as are offered as. bargains at S1S5 for
$118. All must go on account of incompletion
of building. Standard makes rented from ?2
to $3.75. :
...HEINE:-:
S. F. Warorooms and Hall, 235-237 Geary Bt.
POSITIVELY
TO-NIGHT
AUCTION SALE OF
COLLECTION OF EUROPEAN
i -
At 8 o'clock.
Native .Sons 1 Hal!
414 MASON STREET.
AFTERNOON SALE AT 2 O'CLOCK.
A. W. LOUDERBACK,
¦ ¦ - ' - ¦ Auctioneer.
P /I f#rP Desirable* location,
1 UlUVV unsurpassed cuisine,
/jfin Xlcc and * modern
**11M conveniences are the,
ft \ attributes that < have
ITf/inn made these two ho-
\11 U1IU tels, popular with
ww j t tourists and travel-
H ATPlC ers who, visit. San
II U I Vl3 Franciscd.
tr=mmwmmmmwtmmmwm — i»_.i '
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
£>^ ¦'¦'¦"' ¦ REVOLVER.
ffifi£$b.ti. "-, or 3S Caliber.
i^AI^N 6HREVE &*BAR-
J$j&£Mgiggffik BER CO.. San
*&&r^ T"^w^S». ' Francisco. Guns.
*%l/r vc^ \%m F'shing Tackle and
AanrsEMENTs.
bUfLUJHBIA IEMJ1KD THEMEI
Powell Street, near Market.
POSITIVELY~LAST TIMES
LAST S NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAT.
L1EBLER &. CO.'S IMMENSE PRODUCTION
Hall Calne'a Great Play,
THE CHRISTIAN.
EDWARD MORGAN
As John Storm (his original role).
SeaU for The Christian. $1 M. 51. 75c. 50c. 25c
E^CT~F?/\ ' Reappearance In
* r^' r > • Sao Francisco
MR. E. S. WILLARD
MONDAY, April 7.
In a New Play Entitled
THE CARDINAL
By LOUIS N. PARKER.
Seats for TYillard encasement. $2, SI 50 SI
T5c, 50c. 25c. (
Ready To-taorrow Mornings
MATINEE' TO-DAY. (WEDNESDAY). April 2.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. IOc
NOVELTIES GALORE!
Mr and Mrs. Sidney Drew; Homer
Lind and Company; Fred Stuber;
Papinta; Frank Lincoln; Simon,
Gardner and Company; The Melani
Trio; Gorman and Keppler, and the
Bicgraph.
m / ¦
EVENINGS AT S SHARP. -
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GET IN FOR THE WIND-UP!
THIS WEEK THE LAST OF
—THE—
Serenade!
MONDAY. APRIL 7.
"The Fortune Teller."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
| FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton end Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
28 PERFORMANCES! . UP-TO-DATE.
| LITTLE CHRISTOPHER 1
PROVES A RECORD BREAKER, r \
ONLY SIX MORE PERFORMANCES, .
And then comes the createst of them all.
Our New Weber. & Fields Company,
Including some of the best comedians living.
Seata on sale to-morrow -lor . 1 •
*' FIDDLE DEE DEE."
The funniest of all burlesques. ¦'¦ . ¦ .
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. Reserved
Seats. Nieht. 25 and 50 cents; anywhere at the
tnatinees, 25 cents: children at matlnets. '< iOc.
fS-*r HEAT R £*A P
Belasco & Thall. Manager*.
TONIGHT AND ALL WEEK,
Martha. Morton's Successful Comedy,
"BROTHER JOHN"
A Charming Play. New to This". City.
Surpassing: Alcazar Stock. Cast.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c, 50c and 75c.
Seats on sale six days In advance.
Next — Extraordinary Double BUI, "MME.
BUTTERFLY," and "THE GREAT UN-
KNOWN."
BEUiSCO *"*> TffJiKrSy^jfl^
/v Rp Sfe. E^3T* Si fli *tA Is 1 n 5t
i^ . A *r etmut Citv iuua
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production — the Great Comedy-
Drama, the
SLEEPING
f*\ T fTT\ T Beautiful Scenery.
fl 8 I V Startling Effects.
Ill | Km. Plenty of
•*• •«*• ¦*¦ • Wholesome Comedy.
PI?7rCC Evenings .10c to 50c
1 J.lwL J Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
Next Week— "The Land of the Living."
PACKED LAST NIGHT AS USUAL.
Wonderful Success of Our $1000 Star.
MELBOURNE MCDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In gardou's Grandest Spectacular Play.
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
Introducing Ferocious Lions In the Hippodrome
. , . Scene. •
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES..... 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinee*' 25c.
y EXT WEEK ¦ . "GISMONDA"
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
AL. G. FIELD
GREATER MINSTRELS
50— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— 50.
Next — SUNDAY NIGHT — Two Weeks.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY
Williams & Walker
And Their Gilt-Edged Company.
Feat Sale Opens To-morrow, 9 a. m.
Following Comes the Favorites. Mr. JAMES
NEILL AND THE NEILL COMPANY.
MAX HBINRICH, ~~~
BASSO AND PIANIST.
JULIA HEi^RECH,
CONTRALTO. .
EHERMAN-CLAY. HALL
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
Second Song Recital.
BRILLIANT PROGRAMME.
Saturday Afternoon, Farewell Recital.
r^77^. H^- 75c - **• * x S°, at Sherman.
Clay &-Co.'g Music Store.
gljl^ RACING
''s^.SES^as^o Every Week Day—
..,.-./. *. _ Rain or Shine. ¦
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK
Races ctart at 2:15 d. m. sharp
Ftrry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m an*
12^0. I. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m. conS'cuSf
with trains stopping at the entiinWtoSS
track. Lest two car. on train reserved for
Udles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy von,
jerry ticket! to Shell Mound. All trains v?«
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avem
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway oiir
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole c^'
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourte^fK :
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cir.
so direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
. ¦ Returning — Trains leave the track at 4-m
mxxA *: 45 P. m. and Immediately after the l'tuTt
imce. . ¦ . " l
¦ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHABLES F. PRICE. 6ecy. end M«r
; My : DYSPEPSIA CURE^positively
cures all forms of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates wosna-out
stomachs. It builds up stomachs that
have been weakened by powerful cath-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
* fllunyon'a Dyspepsia Care 'corrects blcatingol
the stomach, palpitation of the heart, shortness oi
breath, and all affections of the heart caused by in-
digestion, wind on the stomach, belching wind oi
tour food.bad taste, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
(aintnes3 or weakness of the stomach, improper cir-
culation, coated tongue, h« art-burn or waur-brash.
His Headache Cnre stops headache in 3 miantes.
Munyon's Pile Ointment cures all fcrms of piles.
Munyon's Blood Cure corrects all blood imparities.
. Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache. bOious-
Bess, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon to women.
' I Munyon's Asthma Cure and H erbs arc guaranteed to
relieve asthma in three minutes and cure in five days.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail. _.,
Munyon's Vitalize.' restores lost powers* to weak
men. Price,* $1. •> ¦ .
Munyon has a cure for every disease. . The Guide
to Health (free) tells of them. C«*-es. mostly 35 cts.
Munvon, New York and Philadelphia.
1 HUXTOX'S IXHALEB CUBES ClTiBBH. :
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN CLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'J €OOTH1NG SYRUP
has been used for over .SIXTT TEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING, WITH 'PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD, SOFTENS
the GUMS, ALLAYS all PAIN: CURES WIND
COLIC, and is the best - remedy for' DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists In every part ot
the world. Be s>ure and ask for ¦"
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND. '
!><. .Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle- ¦
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS TOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. !
IIOOO GIVEN AWAY
In books, '50 -cents each; we are point* to" give
away 2000 (to men only). Zomol, the great
fortune-tMllng- seer, tells all'.men. the way to
wealth, success and happiness In this 32-pace
book. \V. & Co., 140 Geary St.. S. F. -. . t . .
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
¦ . . . ¦ . .¦ ¦ -¦
Santa Fe
Train s—Daiix;
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd OvrI'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lr San Fran. '7:20 a 9:00a 8:00p 4:20 p
Ar.' Stockton.. 10:18 a 11;43 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
•' Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 pS:35p 3:15 a 10:50 p
; r •• Hanford. . 3:12 p »:27 p ' 8:05 a
. •• Visalia... 3:3Op%.. 5:00a :
" Bakersfld. 0:15 v 5:20 p 7:45a
""¦Kan. City :.....". 2:40a 7:30a '.......
" Chicago.. ....... 2:15p »:00p .......
a lor morning. * p tor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train. Is the* California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago." Chair Car
runs to Bakersflel cl for ¦ accommodation ot
local '. first-class passengers: No' second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. dally.
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
• p. m. dally. • .. •
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining' Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding, train arrives at 6:00 p. .m..
7:2*0 a. m. is BakersHeld Local., stopping
at all . points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; . 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. , -•'... -.
OHI^ACpl
tit LESS ™*»
3 DAYS
j From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
! CHICAGO, UNION PACIFI :
j & NORTHWESTERN LINE
¦ Double Drawlng-rooiri Sleeplns-car3,
i Buffet, Smoking: and Library . Cars,
with barber. Dining-cars— meals a la
I carte. Dally Tourist Car Service at 6
i- p. m., and personally conducted excur-
! sions every Wednesday and Friday at
; S a. .m. from San Francisco. The. best
; of everything. ; .
I R. R, RITCHIE
t 617 MARKET ST. ' ,'Gs'n. Agent Pa = ific Co««
Palace Hotel . r ¦ San Francis; 0
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
- Via Sousalita Ferr/
Commencing September 20. 1901
FROM VALL Ey
nS^^^^^^ P ! : n? -
KXTRA -TUU-S-iFor ¦Mill VaUty and San
Kaiael on Mondays. Wednesdays and SatUrdav^
„, .i-ao and 11:40 p. m. . . « •¦¦,-.•- ,
n^ N^Kto? 0^0%^^m! 1:30 T »..
¦Tialns marked (*) run to San Quentln
P $S SAN RAFAEL TO^ANKH A .NC1SCO.
KXTRA TRIVS^ on Mondays. Wednesdaj-*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and &:3o p. m.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45 7 :35. , S ;55, ; 10 :M
a" in 12:33. 2:43. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.-
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. . AVednesdays
and Saturdays -at;7:10 and 10:35 p. m:
SUNDAYS— S:OC. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15.
3-30 5:00 C:45 r. m. -?w**«t"*MMBaN|
' " THROUGH TRAINS. P96
! 6:55 a. m. week days— Casadero and way,
•1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
8 :00' a. >ro. Sundays— Duncan ',iIilU and way
Fairfax, .Sundays— S: 00. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30
*Le«ral. Holiday : boats and train* will run on
Sunday . tlmt. • • . - '¦ .
ftOUNT TAMALPAllS R.\ILWAY
I ' L^ave Via Sausalito Ferr/ Arrive ~
I San Fran. ' Foot of Market St. Saa Fran.
9-30 A. S:0OA. b, TC , * lM 1-00 P. Wj A.
' • .;¦;' Fan, Saa Fnaebco to Summit tnd CMnn. II. 00.
. fkkttOOcM, CU 1UJJUR STK£XI ad SAIflUUTO tSast.
aDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. £atab!lsbed
til 1S34 for the treatment of I'rivnt*
Dint- uses, Irf>t t MuniiiMid. '¦ Debility or
<lKi>as»* wenriiiBrm hody and mind and
Skin Diaenscs. The Doctorcures whwi
others fall. Try him. . rharjres low.'
Cnrr* sraa vi»nlr«"«I. . Oil or wrll%
I t> r , j, jp m tilBBOA*. but ITrauc'scc, Cal.
All druggists ."sell and ; recommend Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, (because they contain only
the simple natural (digestives, and taken after
meals prevent acidity, and cause prompt diges-
tion and 'assimilation -of food.
' Physician* everywhere Indorse ! them because
they are as safe for the. child as for the adult:
they are invaluable for sour, stomach, nervous
dyspepsia, heartburn, gas - on stomach and
bowels' and every form of stomach . derange-
ment. .. . •' '.'-,' ' : .. ¦ . . -. .
' "I am so thankful for finding a cure, so good
and so pleasant to take as Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I; am surprised at the change they
havemade ln-me." "' l ¦ ¦
"1 thought I would try a i box of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets and see If they 'would make
me reel better, never really thinking I had dys-
pepsia, but after only -three or rotir tablets haJ
been taken all the acid trouble disappeared and
then. I discovered I had had acid dyspepsia,
while the doctors had been', treating me for
kidney and .bladder and ons of them
treated- me for rheumatism..- . : .
"My , digestion is flue, my complexion clear
and I am able to do my . work and low spirits
are unknown to roe. : ¦••
' Mrsi Jas. Barton of Toronto, Canada,' writes:
"For eighteen months I Buffered frow what I
supposed was' bladder and kidney, trouble, and
took medicine from, three different' doctors,
without any sign of cure. I felt so 111 at last
I was hardly able to do my work.-. ¦•: . ¦ • .-
.'."Many ot my'nelghbors have also tried these
tablets and found them- to be' Just as repre-
sented, and Mr. Ellms also wants. me to use his
name In Indorsing Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
• "(Signed), v, A. ELLM3 and ¦¦¦¦¦ .
"CHAS.F. BUZZELL.
. "Assistant .Postmaster,
"South Sudbury, Mass."
lars' a' box' would -hot stop my purchasing them
phoulti 1 ever suffer'again as I did for a week
before using them.
."The one 50-cent box. I bought at my drug-
gist's did the work and my digestion Is all
right again. ; ¦.
RAILWAY • TRAVEL.
ADVEKTISEilENTS:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
."I want to say for the benefit 'of some poor
dyspeptic that; Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
give comfort and a cure 1 every time. Five dol-
The Pries Cut No Figure
With Him.
Tourist'' Cat
' '¦ — a Burlington tourist car-*-;
i£ you .would ENJOY ytrar..
trip across the continent.
The cars are so comfort-
able, the route so interest-
ing, the people so pleasant,
\ '-. the excursion manager so ac-
. , . commoda ting, and the por-
ters so obliging.' that, yon .
¦ simply can 't help being sat-'
- *• isfied. -
. From Sao Francisco three }
' . times a week — Omaha, Chi-
, . ,.¦ ca;o, Kansas City, St. Louis
¦ - and points beyond.
_ Folder giving fall informal . •
tion furnished on request.
I ""] W. D. SANBORN,
|rtjAiw?C}l C»n«r«l AginU
ii™^ 631 M * rk8t S| -
SaiUliiVrn San FranoUco.
-. ll . ' . CaUfornto..-.; v
'¦¦•:.'¦¦ \ '
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
. : Trains leave and are due to Arrive at
. »AN FKAXC1SCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
UtTi — F«OM MabCB 80. 1902. ' — a«lT«
7.00a Benlela, Sulsun, Klmira aud $acra-
c«cBta ,:.„''.:.' 6.55p
- 7.00a Vacarlllc, Winters, Rumser.:. 7.55r
7.30a Martinez, San Iiamon, . VaUeJo,
Xaps^allstosa. Santa Coaa 6.25p
800a Davtu.^JjotllanU, Kn!«hts Laajing.. /*-
MarygTllle, Orovllle........ 7-SSr
800a Atiantlo Express— Osden aadEait. 8.25 a
8.00a H ties, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25r
8- 00a Xllcs. Mendota, Honford, Ylaalla.
Porterviilo 455*
8 30a Shasta Express— Davis. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.55F
8.30a Saa Jose, Ltvermore, Stockton, (
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
MarysTllle. Chlco. Ued Bluff 4-ZSp
8.30a Oakdale,Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.2Sr
8.00a VaUeJo 12.25»
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. La throp.S tocUton, Jlerced,
- - Fresno and Los Angeles..'. 8-25*
9 30a Vailejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55p
•10.00a Hoyward. Niles and W»y Stations. tl25oP
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
•"¦»* -,. ¦ Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5.25f
ti. OOp Sacramento Klver Steamers t11.00r .
¦ 3 OOp Benlela. . Winters, • Sacramento,
"Woodland, Knights Landing,
.- • Mary»Tllle. OroTllIc ;¦.,..,. 1055a'
3-30p Hnyward, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7.65?
4. 00p Martinez, San Kamon, Vallejo.Xapa,
. CalUtoga. Santa Rosa 9.2Sa
4 C0p Nllcs, Llvermorc, Stockton, Lodt.. 12.2&P
4.30p Hayward.Nlles.SanJoseXtvermore t8.55A
4-30p The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare, ¦
Bakersflcld, Saogus for Santo
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
B.OOp PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stocktan 1025a
S.OOp Martinez, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 1225p
¦f5.3OP Kiles Local 7.25a
6.00p Hay ward. XUcs and San Jose....... 7.55a
tS.OOr Vailejo t .........: 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mair— Ogden, Denver, v
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago. ...... 4 23 p
7.00p San Pablo, Pore Costa, Martinez
¦ " ¦¦ : and TVay Stations > 11.25a
*7.00p Vailejo 7.65p ,
805p Oregon A California Express— Sao*
: . . . . ; ramento, Marysvllle. Redding,
Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 8.55a
. t9.1 Or Hay ward and X lies , ti 1.65 a
. COAST LINE Oarrow Uangej. . ,
' '- - (Foot of Market Street-> ¦Jt,
I 8.15a Keirark, Centerrtlle. San ¦ Jo»e,
. Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
' Cruz and "Way Stations........... 5.50?
t2.!5r Newark. Centervllle. San Jose.
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crux and Principal
Way Stations..................... 10.60a
4.15p Kewarlt. San Jose.Los Gatos....... 18.60a
«9.30p Hunters' Tnln — San Jose and Way
. ¦ . Stations t7.20r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERFVY. .
rrom SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 1?:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 V.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +8:00 tS:0O
t8:tO 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4.C0 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Gaa*;e).
.' ¦ ¦ (Third ana Townsend Streets.>
. 6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
7 00a San Jooe and Way Stations 48.00a
7.00a New Almaden /4-10p
8.00a Cout Line Limited — San Jose,
¦ ;• - Gl'roy, Sallnaa, San Luis Oblspo.
Santa Barbara, Los Aogelea and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.43*
900a San Jose, Trea Ptnos, Santa Crnz.
V Pacific Grove, Salinas,' San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intcrmedl*
ate Stations ......... .......... 4.10p j
1 0.30a iSan Jose and Way Stations.. 3.36a i
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a'
t2.45P. San Jta too, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Sum a Clara, san Joso.
. . Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
i T)c\ Monte, Monterey and Paclflc
- • Orove ...t..i1045A
3 30p San Josn and Way Station*..... 1.30P
¦ t4.15r San Ja*e and Principal Way Stations 530p
4.50p SunxciLlmltrd— Monday, April Ttb. v
14th. 21 st. for Los Angeles,. El
Paao.New Orleans and New York.
Last train leaves New Orleans.
April 14th 10.15a
tS-OOP San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t9-0OA
5.30p San Jo»£iad Principal Way Stations S.30p
6.33p San J«c nnd Way Stations 7.30P
7.00? New Orleans Express — S»n Lula
... .. . .Obtspo, Santft Barhant, Los An-
R«les, Deniins. El Paso, New
Orleans and East 11.30*
a11.45P San Jose and Way Stations. .v. "..;.' 7.30V
A for Morning. , P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday, only.
_a Saturday onljvj ./Tuesday* nnd Fridays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN _-H. CO.
LESSEES '
.SAW.- FBAHGISCD AH) NORTi PAGIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY. 1
Tlburon Ferry, Foot ot Maricai S^ t
fSmn Francisco' to San Rafasl. '
WEEK DATS— »:30, 9:0*. 11:00 a. n».; 12:03. :
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. ro. Thursdays— Extr* '
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Eattta trip* , (
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. . ,*
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.'. X:ZO. 3:30,
fi:00, 0:20 p. m.
fcan Unr'nci t-> Franc!»:r>.
WEEK: DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
. l'J:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday* — Extra J
trips at 1:55 and C:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:10. 3:40.
6:05, 0:25 p. an. ' <
•J^ave '¦' I In Effect- j ¦ Arrlvs
Saa Francisco. |Apr. 23, 1901| Saa FranoUco.
Week I Sun- I . , » I gun- [Week
Days. I days. | Destination ['-daya. ( Days. !
7:ioan» S:0«am ' Novato. 10;40am| 8:10am
3:30pm 0:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm'10:25am '
a:10pm SrOOpm Santa Rosa. 7:33pm[ 6:20pm
Fulton.
7:3Casn Windsor. 10:23am
"¦ * StOOpm Healdsburg, 10:40am
. • • Lytton.
! Geyservllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, T :35pm 6:20pn\
7:30am 5:C0pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
S :30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
~7:2Cam 10:40am 10:23aln
•S:00am Guernevllle. 7:33pni
3:30pm S :00pm 6:20pm
"TsOam S:CCam Sonoma I 0:15am S:4Cam
¦.-.-•:• and | . ¦- ¦ •
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. | C:03pm «:20pny
7:30aml 8:C0arol I10:40am|10:25am
. 3:30pm! 5:00pm(^Sebastopol. | 7:35pm) 6:20pm ¦¦
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weai
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyuervtlle for Skagga Springs; at Clovcrdala
for 'the Geysers;- at Hopland " for . Duncan
i Springs. Illghlanc: Springs, Kelaeyvllle. CarU-
i bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
• springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Sara tog:*
j springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel. Dell Lake. Witter
I Springs.. " Upper Lake. Porno;. Potter ,Val!*y.
John -Day's. Klverslde. - Uerley's Bucknell'a.
t-anhedria Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Willlts, .Leytonvllle. Cummins. Bell's Sprla*^
Hants Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday t» Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates/ . - . - • ; ;
- . On Sundays round-trip tickets . to all points
1 oeyond San Rafael at half rates. * • , ¦ , . •
1 -. Ticket ' office, ¦ U50 ¦ Market street. Chronicle
buildlnc.
H. C.- -WHITING... - R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. .... .Gen.. Pass. Art. . ¦¦ •
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
; Dainty little quarter;
oak tabovrcl, 65CV
If you are.refitting your',
h me with ne>v furniture,
, carpet's,^curtains or "--.dra^
•. peries,:you ought to see
our s"ock an I learn our .'
prices before buying. f : -
¦ FURNITlfriE : ;COi,
33B''342JPO3T:,STRBBr, >
" r ¦¦-!;¦! ''Opposite' Union -Square.' *Tuesday;'. A &r ii 1-2'^
UNITED STATES COXDS
Bld.Ask.V • " r.td A , k
JLT^"-!!! 1U 1 / 1 ? s 5"- c (ncw)iwvii3f,:«4
ts.nr.rcg... .111 111V. ".s'qr coup...l09UU0
..* MISCELLANEOUS PONDS
Ala AOV 5a..7«^lO3 lOc SS Co 5s — 101 1'
Bay CPC 5 S .1O7<41«8 Omba, C'.to.ial l!lA»i
Cal-st 5s ...117 — {pac G Im 4a. 96 10O
., LONDON, : April Consols, Q4U ; /silver!
24% d ; : French i rentes, -, lOOf . 90c ; , wheat fcargoes
on , passage," rather" easier ; ', Walla* Walla," 29s 3d ;
.wheat and flour on passage to United 'Kingdom.'
Foreign' Markets
v^KEW j-YORK, April? 1.— The,. cotton: market
opened , steady, 4 ';-. points 1 higher \ to • " 2 ? points
lower and: closed quiet,. net 3s points lower.- •--
New i York- Cotton ¦ Market,
STOCKS AND BONDS.
' The first car of Eastern Poultry for the week
; was ; placed ? on j the ! market ; yesterday, and ' met
'tylth ; ready L ; sale.',*; i Localj; Poultry 'was , weaker
ind , most ' descrlDtlons ,' were .,,' quoted :l lower."
Choice : stock sold" fairly at. top .'quotations,', but
small broilers and second- class Btock were hard
to -sell. . \- ¦ '.- ; -: '•: .:•. •'¦'.¦z-:: :'..¦;¦•"/" - ' ;¦ -,-¦».
' Forty-six sacks of Game were received, most
of which was'. Hare, [which were very dull '•
Other descriptions , were ' unchanged: ' -'¦ '.(•'¦
'¦•:¦ POULTKY— Live. Turkeys, 1 14@15c -for Gob
blers and«15@lCc'.'for; Hens; ',' Geese." .per pair
ji;50@l : .75;iGosllns:?.S$!J 25®2 50;. Ducks; 52^
' $5 50 f or.- did and ' $7S>8 * for . younc; > Hens, ' i-WS
5 r SO ; $ young « Roosters, : $C@7 50; ; old ¦• Roosters ?
W 25@4;50; ,.Fryer3. : $5@5 50; Broilers, $4 50®
•-N • for large and ; $2@3 : 50 ; for . small : , Pigeons.
;jl^5Oif5)l 75"per. dozen for; old and $2 50@2 75
• lor • Squabs. ' : : V ¦ ' ; ' • ¦ : " - - " " : . : '. .'¦ ¦ • ¦¦» ¦•
,^ GAME— Hare, ¦50@75c;.' Rabbits,-. 51 25 " for
Cottontails. and 51 for. Brush; Gray Gee^e, 52 60
Poultry and Game
NEW YORK. April I.— The stagnant condi
tion of the London market this morning on the
resumption of trading after the four days' in
terval still further deferred the , hopes of the
speculative contingent, which has been count
ing upon an awakening in the stock market. The
continued absence fiom the street of large
capitalists and the coming departure for, Eu
rope of the central figure of the" financial dis
trict had a further discouraging effect upon
the smaller traders, who have been professing
confidence that the powers In the money world
were going to "put' stocks up." The" conse
quence was considerable selling by tired hold
ers and a drooping market. The sagging tend
ency gradually- permeated the whole.list,.over
coming the strength of those specialties which
rose strongly early In -the day. The leaders in
activity wer»- Colorado Fuel. United States
Leather. Amalgamated Copper . and Sugar
Colorado Fuel lost all of Its gain, which
amounted at one time to 2%, and closed -with
a fractional net loss. Sugar was; under pres-'
sure and United States Leather stocks did, not
fully maintain their ' advance." Amalgamated
Copper, however, was persistently »' firm - and
closed at the top with a net Rain of 2 points."
Reports of consolidation of - the copper prop
erties of the prlnclDal rival : Interests made the
New York Stock Market.
' BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c: San
Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c - ¦
CANNED ASPARAGUS— The California
Fruit ; Canners' :' Association quotes the follow
ing- prices for 1002, per case, 2 dozen cans to
the case: Mammoth White. $2 30®:} 75; Large
White. ?2®3 75;. Medium White.. $1 75@2 65-
Small White, ?1 60; Mammoth Green $2 «>&
3 t55; Large Green, 82(g2 00; Medium Green,
$1 7S@2 50:*Small- Green. ;$l 50.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows. In 2>,-i-lb tins* -Ap
ples, $1 00@l 45;' Apricots, $1@1 50; Peaches
yellow. 51 20@l C5; do. I>emon Cling $1 iO<a
1 75: Bartlett Pears. SI 25@1 75; Plumsl 90c©
$1 25: Nectarines, ?1©1 50; Muscat Grapes uSZ
Cu)$l 35:- Quinces, $t 10@l 55: Strawberries
$1 30«?l:75: Blackberriesr 51 30®l CO '
COAL— Wellington. < $9 per ton; Southfi>?d
.Wellington. ?9; Seattle. $G 60:' Bryant, $« so-
Koslyn. $7 r Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta $S- Walli
cnd. $8 CO; • Co-operatlvo :•• Wallsend, *s 50-
Cumberland. 512 In bulk and $13 25 In s'ack<v
Pennsylvania. Anthracite Egg ¦ » wvi.h
Anthracite. $14 ; Canr.cl. f 1 1 per 'ton ; Coke, il",
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mount
aln descriptions. ; $S -15 per 2000 lbs and ss Kn
per ton/ .iceordlng to brand ,- M *** °9
CORDAGE— The cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manlla.lOUc Der lb-
Sisal size. a2»-ic; Bale Rope, 12V 4 c for L-ai
and lHVic for Manila ; Duplei. , nu c ?Terms
«i0 Oays or 1 Vi • per cent cash discount I nt i
of- 10, 000 lbs. lc less. , ' . . ° U ° V J " 0 "
•PACIFIC CODFISH— Buncllo*. per ih "a-r
cases. Regular.' 4V, C ;; cases. Extra Larire' 4?lc :
cases. Eastern style, fie; .Boneless 5c- %Nc£
May,',' 5c; "Narrow Gauge,".' 5t', c - '"«?in"ir
King." i 7c ; Blocks. "Orientals." Mic • Blockt
"SeabrlBht." CVic; . Tablets 7c- Middles 1 ' sv«
8c ; Mb boxes. Fancy Bonele;?.' «£: \$§^boxif
Fancy : Boneless. 7@8c : Desiccn ted • per dozen
8Cc: Pickled *• Cod, barrels.- oach^S7- r PtckIe i
Cod.- ha!f-barrels. each $4' 2 v>°' - ' IIcUIca
COFFEE— Costa', Rica— H^inc for ... strictly
22ST«iV > iSi?2:;? p »» h « d sl«%0i2Wc for prime
washed; 10\i©llc for good, washed: — <??13c for
ctrlctlj- good • washed ipeaberry: 9i4aiO;4c for
fair to prime washed peaberry; »i.4©i0c for fair
t°.'Prt™ e -P eRb '«fy;'10®Uc for.goodto prime;
dir.a - - ° r/ - : i ® 7i " i<? f ° r common to ™r
1 V*® l3c * toT 'Mrtty ' Prime wash
ed ; j 1 0^@12c_ for good • to * prime washed ; 9@10c
for, fair washed ; lOKCUttc , for good to prim.
. ..':'>jMflBBMffile!B£K£^fSMfK5!l£3<,.
General Merchandise.
The pressure lias fallen rapidly east of the
Sierras and a marked depression is passing rap
idly southward through Nevada, Utah and New
Mexico. The storm has caused light to mod
erate rains over the larger portion of the coast.
A thunderstorm is reported at Fresno.
High southerly winds • are reported at all
stations in Nevada and Utah.
The temperature has fallen 14 to 26 degrees
over' the Intermounlain region. ¦ •
Forecast made at San Francisco for thlrt v
hours ending midnight, April 2: .
Northern California — Showers Wednesday
fresh southwest winds. ¦ - - .'-•¦¦ • .
Southern California— Showers Wednesday
brisk southwest winds. - , . , • ¦
. Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Wednes
5f y . wl i.*? lowers; brisk to high west winds
diminishing. •
Kan FrancUco and vicinity — Occasional show
ers; fresh southwest .wind.
,;*.;-,',' .ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
San Francisco temperature 7 a. m., 46 degrees.
•'• There', was an easier feeling In OregonPota
toes, owing to the liberal supplies. . Occasional
lota of "choice' stock sell above' the quotations,
but the appearing prices cover the. general fun
of offerings. ' There was a" steady inquiry for
seed Burbanks, 'but prices showed % no improve
ment, as supplies are more than sufficient for
present needs. ; ; .¦ •..¦¦¦ ¦., .
. . There was . no change in Onions. : Supplies
continued plentiful and; the market is. weak. '.¦
, yesterday's receipts : of Asparagus and Rhu
barb were the 'heaviest of the season, about
1200 boxes ' of each being received. ; ' The . ship
ping .demand • for Rhubarb helped the market
considerably and prices were upheld, but there
was ".only, 1 a: limited amount of Asparagus
shipped and prices for this article. had quite a
drop. Peas and New 'Potatoes , were lower, but
steady at the decline. ..Receipts. were 249 sacks
-Peas and : 73 packages new Potatoes. There
were no receipts from Los Angeles andthe quo
tations are for carried-over stock: ' • •-.-..
POTATOES — New Potatoes. 3@4c per 1b; old,
$1 25@1 40 for Burbanks from the river; Oregon
Burbanks.: $i 30@l 65; 'Oregon: Garnet Chiles",
$1 50@l 60: River Reds, $1 50@l CO; Early Rose,
for- seed. $1 C0@l 70; small Burbanks, for seed,
51 10@l 30; Sweets, $1 85 for Merceds..
ONIONS— Oregons, $2@2 15 for the best and
$1 75@2 . forv lower • grades; Australian, $3 60®
8 7ft; * Green Onions, 40@60c per '. bogc. : . ; ,:
' ; VEGETABLES— Asparagus, : extra * fancy, 6@
8c per lb,:$175®2 per box --for; No. 1 and, 51©
1 50 ; for .No. ; 2 ; Rhubarb. ' 75c@$l 25 per 'box ;
extra fancy.". 51 CO; Green Peas; from Los Ange
les, 4@5c: Bay Peas," 3@5c; String Beans,. ! from
Los"Angele3. ' 8@12%c, including, wax; Cabbage,
4Cc per ctl ; Los Angeles Tomatoes, | $1@1 25 per
box and $1@1 50 per crate; Mexican : Tomatoes.
75c@?l 25 per ' box, ; including repacked; Dried
Peppers. 10@llc per ¦ lb; Los vVngeles do, . 13(fJ
17 %c; Dried Okrar 12V&@20c per lb;i Carrots, 25
@50c per sack ; Hothouse Cucumbers, .75c@$l 25
• per. dozen for small and §1 50@:J for. large; Gar
lic,' l J /6@2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 12Yt
@15c; Mexican. do,' 10®12Vic; Egg-.Plant; from
Los Angeles, — — ;" Summer Squash, j from ¦ Los
.'Angeles. $1 2o@l 50; Marrowfat Squash, $10«}15
per ton; Hubbard Squash, ' $10@15; ' Mushrooms,
nominal. ¦ ...... " .¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
•_ BOSTON, April ' l.-^Condltions ; were very
quietin the ..wool market this week; and 'there
Is a; fair prospect; of their remaining/ so for
some ; tlme^ to ': come. \ ] Dealers are "not disposed
to press sales arid, although ' quiet;- ;the ! market
is very steady. 7 Territory wools are unchanged,
values . being - held steady and *: buyers in * need
of supplies i are f paying ,' about , former ' rates
The new clip bought In Arizona is being placed
on, the, market, i but c can only bcsbld at a
loss,; compared wlth ; cost\prlces.- ; Fine j ter
ritory wools are selling about 47@4Sc,; scoured
basis, on good lots,' with better stapled parcels
at. 50o; " fine : medium ,- quoted . on the;; scoured
basls.of 43®45c,; with: Rood: staple lots ranging
higher; ¦'- medium t,', territory, ¦;, 38@40c, ;-, scoured.
There Is a quiet tone to fleece wools and prices
held steady. : .> "Dealers are : asking . 28 % @29c for
fine Ohio delaines. '- Ohio XX and above is held
: at 27 Vie,'., while Ohio " No. Mi Is ¦ quoted ; at 26@
27c, the latter for choice lots.' Australian wools
are quiet,'.. with' available ' supplies ' offering very
moderate; ".- quarter-blood 'Australian!, wool 1 is
quoted at 40ft*42c,*'- scoured," with lower quarter
bloods at SSS40c.--. ¦ .'.,:;• • ¦ . ¦: > - . <¦>;:
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4400; strong, to 10c high
er; ' Western .; lambs, $C@0 80; Western sheep
$4 35@(> 15. . r,-,' . . . .
1 HOGS — Receipts, 7500; steady; light and light
mixed,. $6 50@6 87 >&; medium and heavy, $6 75
@7; piss, $4 40@5 40.- -- ; ¦ .
.ST. JOSEPH, .Mo., April 1.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, ltJOO; steady; natives,'- $6 50(?7; cows
and heifers. $1 50@6 25; veala, $3 50@0; stock
ers and feeders. $2@5 25.- .- .- . ••¦
ST. JOSEPH.
SHEEP— Receipts, .12.000; strong to 10c
higher; aambs,' steady; good to choice wethers
$5<S.5 50; 'fair to choice mixed. $4 25@5; West
ern sheep, $4 25@«; native lambs, $4 50@6 75;
Western : lambs, 1 $5 25STC 90. ' i .
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 21,000; to-morrow,
— ; market, 6@10c higher; mixed and butchera,
$G 50@0 92V4; good to choice heavy, »|ts 85@7
rough heavy, :?ti 40@0 75; light. $G 35@6 70:
bulk of sales. $6 50(§U S5-V , ".- ,. - .,
CHICAGO, ' April 1.- CATTLE— Receipts,
3500: active and strong; good to prime, steers,
$6 t!0@7 20; poor to medlum;$4 25@0 50; stock
ers and feeders, $2 50@5 25;", cows, $1 25@5 50;
heifers, $2 50@0; canners. ?!25@2iO; bulls,
$2 50@5 25; calves. $2® 5 bo; Texas fed steers,
?5 20^0. . . j , .,- . .. .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestotk Market.
. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — • ¦ ; ; May. - - July
Opening ................:.'. 611% R 10ij
Closing ....5 11 ¦ . 5 1014
• . ' - - PARIS. . - ¦ ' .
Wheat — A\ • April. ; Sept.-Dec
Opening 22 10 . 20 55
Closing .V.. -. 22 05 20 45
¦ .Flour — . . ¦- • ' '.¦ .' :,¦ ... •¦... . ' ..¦' "
Opening .:; 26 80 ¦ 26 60
Closing ........'...... % 20 70 \ffl 26 40
¦ DRESSED MEATS. -.
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows: :¦¦•• . -
BEET — 7®7 1 /4c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for. Cows. • : - . .
VEAL— Large. 8@S^Sc; small; 8%©10c per
pound. ¦_- ¦¦---..¦¦-.¦
¦ MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@9#c; Ewes, 8@S&c
per. pound. ¦ . ¦ • •. ¦ • ¦
• LAMB — Yearlings, 0@10c ; per lb: ¦ Spring
Lamb. HVi@12^c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9V5e per lb.
LIVESTOCK. MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8^@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7V;c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — l^@5%c perlb (gross weight)
SHEEP — Wethers. 4Vj@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c Der
lb (gross weighty • ¦ , .
.LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. • $2 50<32 75 per
head or 6% ©6c per lb llvewelght; yearlings,
4>/i®5c-per lb.: . -
HOGS — Live Hogs. 2Q0 lbs and • under, 69&
(f8%c: 200 lbs and over. 6W@6%c; feeders.
59*@6Vic; sows, 20 per cent off: boars, 50 per
'cent off, and stags 40 : per cent off from the
above quotations. ¦ ' \ . "
Dressed- Hogs are higher and live Hogs are
firm at- the .recent advance, with -light sup
plies. . Mutton continues firm, but Lamb Is
weak, as -arrivals have been growing larger
lately. Beef Is steady and unchanged. |
San:Francisco Meat Market.
The depression In Whites and LImas con
tinues, and sellers arCrather forcing the market
in their eagerness to let go. ¦ Colored Beans, too,
are: not as nrm as they have been, and. trade
Is quieter all around.' . . -. '. ',
. BEANS — Bayos, $2 40@2 60; small White, $2
@2 50; large White, §2 15@2 45; Pea, v $3 80@4;
Pink. $1 90@2 10; Red. $2 60; Blackeye, $4 B0@
4 75; Llmas,.$3 85@4 15; Red Kidneys. $3 50® 4i
per ctl. r .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 C5; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 2?@2 50; Canary,
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10#@llc;
California. : 10@10^c; Rape, l%@2y i c; Hemp,
3VjC otr lb." - . •' ¦. : .,-.¦'
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@2; Green, $150
@2; Blackeye, nominal. ' , ¦ -=. •' . .
Beans and Seeds.
The temperature continued slightly below
normal in all sections during trie first of the
w^ek, but warmer weather prevailed at the
close. Frosts net injurious to early fruits have
occurred In many places." Light rain has fallen
in all sections except the Kacramento -Valley,
and hailstorms have occurred in portions of
tionoma County and Southern California.
Grain continues in excellent condition, and
in now making rapid growth. Prospects are.
gocd for one cf the largest crops of wheat and
barley in recent years north of the TehacSapi,
and ,'rom present indications the quality will
be unusually good. More than average crops
ar<» also predicted fn portions of the southern
(iistrittE. Hay Is In pood condition in all sec
tions, and a large cro;» is probable. Green
feed Is abundant. Work is progressing in
fields, orchards and vineyards. Live stock are
thriving, and are free from disease. Irrigation
water is plentiful.
There are but Jew reports of Injury to early
deciduous fruits by Jroets during the season
thus far. and no reports of serlouo ' damage.
Xearly all varieties were somewhat late In
blossoming-; which is greatly in favor of good
crops, and unless heavy frotts should occur
within ih<i next two v.ecks thes^ fruits may be
considered sale for s.n unusually heavy yield.
CitruK fruits are in good condition.
Sacramento Valley — The- weather has .been
generally dear and cool during the weck^ be
«:oniinc warmer toward the close, and no rain
has fallen. Tlie dry north winds have haruened
the bottom iands ia tome «ectlons, and winter
wheat is not doir.s v.-tlJ there. All grains In
llfcbt soil* arc jjrowhijj rapidly " and are in
splendid condition, wil'n ¦ ; respects -for unus
.uaily heavy crops. . .Citcxi teed is abundant •
Plowing and cultivating are In progress, and
some tree planting itf bfiing done. The warm
day* at the close of the week hastened th»
'dooming of cherry trees at Vacavllle. All de-
Hduous fruits are in good condition, and the
larB«v5t jield ever known in now predicted.
Coast anil bay sections— Nearly half . an inch
of rain has fallen during the week In the
southern roat-t counties, with light showers In
tbfc central and northern districts. There was
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the' climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is .as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
••Eastern buyers are constantly streaming
Into this city on' their way to secure as large
timber holdings as they can avail themselves
of, and timber acreage is going up week by
week, until there will come a time when al
most prohibitive prices will be asked for both
sugar pine and redwood lands. The Eastern
interests' need the lands badly, but they are too
shrewd to be gouged of their Eastern profits.
If a California or Western timber land holder
wants to get rid of his land, they are willing
to pay a reasonable price per acre for it, but
not a cent more, and the sooner the holders come
to recognize this factor, the better will be the
feeling- on both sides and the more rapid their
sales."
"Redwood and cugar pine hold the attention
of the buyers to a great extent, while the pina
and fir ; of .the Northwest is going well at the
recent advances. The building all o\'er this city
and throughout the coast has stimulated the
trade and the mille have more than they can
do. to handle the orders which are daily coming
into the local offices. Contractors are finding
it extremely difficult to obtain the orders . they
nf-ed. but the mills are doing all they possibly
can to fill tbPlr demands.
"The lurnber business hag eeen an Improve
ment all through the month of March and the
indications point toward its continuance for
some months to come. Prices have advanced In
even' grade, but It certainly looks as though
the end of this advance in reached, for it
would be folly to increase the quotations fur
ther owing to competition and other natural
conditions. The retailers have been foolish
enough to boost their prices too high and the
reaction is going to hurt some one. Why It is
that efrtain interests cannot b^ content with
well enough is difficult to say, but this case
illustrates tte matter in question to an excel
lent decree.
Pacific Coast . Wood and Iron says of Lum
ber:
The Lumber Trade.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK, April 1. — Special cable" and tel
egraphic advices received by Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available supplies
since the last report :'.'". .'.
Wheat," United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies,' decrease, 3,244,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, increase. 700,000 bushels
total supply, decrease, 2,544,000 bushels. '.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 689,000 bushels. '
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, • decrease, 232,000 bushels.
Available /.Grain: Supply.
Boston .56-34 1 Kansas City 48-30
Cincinnati 40-34!Omaha 42-2-t
Philadelphia 50-3«ChlcaRO ..42-32
Washington .....48-401 Duluth 32-26
Jacksonville* 68-4fi!St. Louis 42- ;4
New York 48-3GlSalt Lake City... 56-44
San Francisco data:' Maximum temperature
52. minimum •46," mean 49. .: . - ..
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
: .Last. ' -This', -Last.
Stations— " ' 24 Hours. Season.' Season.
Eureka ............ .20r- 44.50 41.38
Red Bluff ".04' -" 27.79 ' 22.17
Sacramento . -i..-.-.'. .10 ;.'..'. 15.50 ¦ 17.18
San Francisco .-'... .19^; ¦ 17:14 .'18.84
Fresno ...'..... -.12 . . 6.22 10.28
Independence ....... .00 "'•' ' 4'.13. v ¦ 4.81
Kan Luis Oblspo..'.'. .42 *¦ ' 19.82. 27.62
Los Angeles ....... Trace 10.37 14.11
San Diego ......... .00 .5.84 ': 9.19
¦ Wool is quiet, as the. few lots of spring clip
that came, In a short time ago are air cleaned
up. and no more new quotations are announced.
Hops are easy " and- quiet- at the recently
shaded quotations. . : - ¦ • ." . 1 - ¦ -.
There Is nothing new in Hides. Salted stock
is weak and accumulating, while good dry
Hides are firm enough.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about me under- quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium, 0@9%c; light. 8@8%c;
Cow Hides. ' 9c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. 6@6%cr Salted Kip. 8c; Salted Veal. 9c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and. Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, 30@60c each; medium. 60@75c; long
Wool. 80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
@3 for large and $2 2o@2 50 for medium. $1 75
C(i2 for small, and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 75 ior large. $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1
@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. . Deerskins —
Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or. thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50c: medium, 35c. ' ¦
, TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb;
No.' 2. 4%05c; grease, 3@3%c.
i WOOL— Spring I Southern, 12 months, 9@10c ;
do. '7- months. 9@llc; " Foothill, ll@13o per lb.
v HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%@13%c per
lb for good to choice, first ¦ hands. . - - ¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
TT * **
Bonds are in better demand than stocks en
the Bond Exchange Just now. and are selling
well,. as will be seen by the list of sales. The
share market . yesterday morning was quiet,
with sales of. Sacramento Gas and Railway at
$98 25098 37%, and of Oceanic Steamship at
$35. The oil stocks were dull.
There was no change worthy of note in the
afternoon.
• The following were ex-coupon yesterday:
¦ United • States Government 4s. 1907, regular
quarterly, $2,400,633.
Geary Street Railway Company 5s, 1921, reg
ular semi-annual. $16,775. ...
Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Company
5s. 1919 and 5 H-s. 1910, regular seml-annuai.
on $2,356,328.
Northern Railway Company of California 5s,
1938. regular semi-annual, $118,775.
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Com
pany 5s. * 1940. regular semi-annual. $150,000.
Southern Pacific Railroad" of California, series
A, 6s. series B, 4s. 1905. 6s. 1906, and 6s, 1912.
regular semi-annual. $906,525.
Southern Pacific Branch Railway Company
of California 6s. 1938. semi-annual. $105,990.
¦ Los Angeles Pacific Railroad Company first
consolidated mortgage 5s. 1931, semi-annual,
$8750. .
Los Angeles Lighting Company 6s, 1924.
semi-annual, on proportion of $1,000,000.
Los Angeles Railway Company 5s, 1938, semi
annual, $99,025.
.: Sacramento Electric. Gas and Railway Com
pany was ex-dividend yesterday of 13c per,
share, amounting to $2778 75.
The Mount Diablo Oil Company's sale day
of delinquent stock has been postponed to
April 21.
Giant Powder has declared dividend No. 40
of 75c, payable on the 10th.
- The following quotations of United Railways
of San Francisco were received yesterday by
Bokon, de Ruyter & Co.: Common stock.
$24@24 12"-. preferred. $62 37%@63 62%; 4
per cent bonds, $S0 25090; subscriptions,
$102 25®102 60.
- Following were the sales on the Stock and
Bond Exchange In Marcn:
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of th<!
3 l_*nit«l Suites at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand In the sub-Treasury March 31, 1902,
as follows: "
Ignited States notes ............ $51O,r.O4 00
Treasury notes of 1S30 2,650 00
XationaJ bank notes ' 2,255 CO
Gold certificates 752,090 CO
Silver certificates 309, +47 00
<Jcld coin 24.697,012 2 •
Standard Bilver dollars 32,382; 173 O
Subsidiary silver coin . 495,0!):; 3.1
Minor -coin .». 2,953 Ol
Kracttonal currency x 1 1 50
CouiKjns 492 95
Interest checks, miscellaneous
loans 50 23
• Total - $59,214,533 25
Shipped in March —
Ftundard dollars $121,000
Fractional silver coin 85.E5-%
N Total ..1 $206,555
In regard to the unusually" large amount of
currency tm hand, it should be stated that it
was all shipped yesterday to the • I'hillpyines
on the transport Sheridan.
Government Money Here.
Bran- and Middlings continue very, firm at
the -recent advance. Hay Is weak, and crop
prospects are excellent.' Rolled Barley is firm,
in sympathy with the . raw grain. .
BRAN — $16@16 50 per ton. ¦ '
MIDDLINGS— $19 60@21 per ton. . .'.;'>.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26fiO@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$29@29 50; Cracked Corn, $29 50@30; Mixed
Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal.v $26 50. -
• HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat.
$8 50@ll; Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@11; Clo
ver, $7@9;' Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock, $6@S
" STRAW— 40@65c per bale. .._
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Prices for most descriptions of millstuffs have
been advanced, as will be seen. -
The demand for Flour continues fair, and
quotations show'no change.
FLQUR^Callfornla .Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75. usual ' term's ; : Bakers' , Extras. | $3 40@3 50 :
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel j for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3
@$3 50. '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3: Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice "Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat : Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 3"»@9; In
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl -Barley, $5 50; Split
Seas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and MUlstuffs.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9%c; one tierce, 0%c; two tierces,
0%c; five tierces, 0%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at S@S',ic per lb for
compound and ll%c for. pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c: 10-lb tins. 12c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c. y , • ¦
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c. for light medium, 14c for light,
15c for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef. $9@» 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family.' $11®11 50;
prime Mess Pork. $16; extra clear. $22 60@23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $1 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb. ¦ < •
Barreled beef Is lower.
The market Is firm at the noted advance, but
the demand is small. There was no Chicago
market yesterday, as it was election day. ..:;:: :
Provisions.
. : There were no new developments in' the evap
orated apple market.* Demand- was exceeding
ly slow and the lower., grades, easy jjn - tone.
Prices showed no change,' however.' State com
mon to' good. :7@8%c; prime, 9®9%c;: choice,
«%@10c; fancy. 10%@llc. 'v/*J - -
: Prunes • moved I rather freely \ on /jobbing de
mand and were • steady In prlcej ¦ Supplies ! are
moderate. Apricots were In fair demand by
the 'jobbing. trade, and were steady. -Peaches
were quiet but steady. Prunes, 3%@7c. ;
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark.' 11%
@12%C. .-;• 1 :-..,".
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c:"unpeeled, 8@10c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW- YORK, ; April, 1.— FLOUR— Receipts.
30,965 barrels ; j exports, j 8783. Dull and nomin
ally,unchanged. '; ; . • ¦-¦ ;-;"* -..: ¦'-•'.: ¦-'
WHEAT— Receipts^ 178,425 bushels; exports,
15,991 bushels; : spot, steady; No.; 2' red, 82%c
elevator and 86%c f. o. b. afloat ;; No. '1 North
ern Duluth, 81c f. o. b. afloat;, No.'. 1 hard Mani
toba. 83c f. .0, b. afloat.' ; Trade in wheat op
tions was rather quiet all day, but the under
tone, influenced by. strength in the Northwest,
small interior receipts.'; light": speculative offer
ings and -a'-hlgher corn 'market; -showed con
siderable firmness ¦ until near • the ¦ close', when
it eased off .under, realizing and closed steady
at a,- partial r%c net advance.- May, 77 5-16@
77%c. closed 77%c; July. 77 ll-16@77%c," closed
77%c; September." 77% @77 5-10c, closed 77%c;
December closed 79c. . . ¦•' ; ., ; ¦
HOPS— Firm. ' '
HIDES— Quiet.' . • • .
WOOL-^-Steady. ." ¦;*:-"¦
COFFEE — Spot Rio dull; No.' 7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, dull; Cordova,- 8%@12c. -,' : . - ' .- . .. i
Coffee -, futures .closed - quiet." :^ with /prices
5 points , net lower. Total sales, '3750 -bags; in
cluding September, 5. 70@5.75c; October,. 5. 80c;
February. -6. 10c: % •..:¦,'%: Tv-, Vj[,'K"tt1 ; i*-'4'.v
SUGAR— Raw, iflrm; fair refining, 3tic; cen
trifugal. 06 test;3%c. . . : > ! . ' » . . ' „ ¦»-,
Receipts in March were 14.1S3 tons barley.
1053 tons oats, 4S1 tons com and 1292 tons
bi'an. . t>
Barley — , Costa. Stockton. City.
March 1 13.413 5.5S8 2M
April 1 16,264 6.052 .1.537
Oats. Corn. Bran.
Blpreh 1 7,353 831 415
April 1 :¦'. t>,454 sea 177
Wheat— Costa. Stockton. City.
March 1 44.545 35.670 a25
April 1 • 4<i.5S* 3L2C6 1,716
«¦»••»,. Port •. .-•-•:
Produce Exchar.ro Grain Inspector Steller
reriorts stocks of grain in warehouse and on
wharf April I as to. lows, in tons:
Stocks of Grain.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 1.
Flour, «jr sks... 2,67(<Tallow. ctla .... "~'7T8
Wheat, ctla .... 5«V Pelts, bdls ..... 105
Barley, ctls .... 5,863 Hides, no 23fi
Oats, ctls 400 Quicksilver, flslc 147
Beans, sks ...-?. Kt>0 Leather, rolls... 45
Corn, ctls 1,345 Wine, gals ..... 53,400
Potatoes, sks .. 1.3C6 Raisins, boxes.. 900
Bran, sks 305 Lime, bbls ..... 3t*4
Broomcom, bdls bS Salt, sacks .... 3m»
Wool, ska 259 Chicory, sacks.. 23
Hay. tons ...... 375 Sugar, ctls .... 4,310
v 5 • '¦¦;¦ OREGON.
Oats, ctls ...... 4C0| Potatoes, sks ... 2S8
¦EASTERN.
Oat Groats. «ks. 300/ I .<:"!! iSICEBl?
Receipts of Produce.
The collections of Internal Revenue in this
district during "-the month of March were as
follo»-»:rBeer. SS2.4C7; Spirits, $01,369; Tobacco.
$22.k:>1; Documentary stamps. $26,<>S3; Proprie
tary stamps, $4182; 'Lists, $7725 ; Miscellaneous.
$.J«OS. making a total of $242,305. against $339,
<i56 during the month of March 1901. The total
collections lor the first three months of the
year were $693,223, against $314,484 during the
came ijejiod last year.
Internal Revenue.
NEW YORK. Anril 1.— Money on call was
steady at 2%@4% per cent; closing, offer, 3
per'cent; : prime mercantile paper.7 4%@5 per
cent. ¦' Sterling exchange was firm, with ac
tual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 S3
for demand and at $4 85% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 S6@4 88%; commercial -bills,
$4 S4%@4 85%., Bar silver, • 53%c. ¦ Mexican
dollars, .-43c. Bonds — Governments, steady;
States, inactive; railroads, steady. ¦. 1
New York Money Market.
The following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF — Roast, 10@lSc. per lb; Tenderloin
Steak. 15@17 I .jc; Porterhouse Steak, 17%@20c;
Round Steak. 10<il2V>e; Stew Beef. S@10c;
Corned Beef, 6@10c.
VEAI^-Roas-t. !0(fl3c: Cutlets. 15@lSc.
MUTTON— Roast, 12'.-.S15c;#Chops, 12%@
15c: Stew, S@10c.
LAMB— Spring, 15(§25c; Roast, 15@18c;
Chops. I5<g-2Oc.
PORK — Roast, 12Vi<815c; Chops, 15c.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following are the seasonal -rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and 'rainfall -in last twenty-four hours:
<120th 'Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN;FRANCISCO, April 1—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Eureka summary— Cool north winds at the
middle of the week dried the soil; considerable
plowing and seeding being done. Warm
weather and sunshine needed. Fruit prospects
are good. ; i. — • ¦ .
San Joaquin Valley — The temperature con
tinued slightly below the normal during the
first of the week, but warmer weather pre
vailed at the close. Occasional - light frosts
caused no damage. Rain fell in nearly all
sections Monday and Tuesday, with hailstorms
in the vicinity of Bakersfleld. The rains were
too light to interfere with farm work, but
benefited growing crops to some extent. Grain
is in excellent condition and now making good
growth. The acreage In some sections is some
what less than last season's, but prospects are
good for unusually heavy crops in the central
and northern parts of the valley and good
crops in the south. Green feed is plentiful and
of good quality; Stock of all kinds are doing
well. Deciduous fruits are rapidly coming into
bloom and give Indications of a large yield.
Southern Calif ornla^-Cool weather has con
tinued during the week, with light- frosts In
some places. Rain fell in all the southern dis
tricts on the ¦ 24th. ' and there was a- heavy "fall
of enow on the Sierra Madre and other moun
tains. A hailstorm occurred at Redlands Mon
day afternoon. | The soil Is in excellent con
dition. and warmer weather will cause a rapid
growth of grain and grass. Wheat, barley and
hay are doing well, .' and in some sections- will
yield fully average crops. Pasturage is plenti
ful. Trees- and vines are in excellent condi
tion, and early deciduous fruits are coming Into
bloom; prospects are good for a large yield.
Los Angeles summary — Cool rain first of the
week, followed br.-fair. -warm weather. Crops
are advancing' rapidly, and grain Is stooling
finely. Vines are starting. ¦-¦_ Orchard • and farm
work are active.*- " - _• ¦ - •
a hailstorm at Peachland on the 25th, and light
snow in the vicinity of Willlts. The tempera
ture has been ' nearly normal. Light frosts
have occurred in some sections, but early fruits
have not been seriously damaged. Grain, is in
excellent condition in all sections and ¦ has
made rapid growth; large crops are expected.
A correspondent at "Cloverdale states that crops
made better growth In the past week than dur
ing all the season. Pasturage is abundant, and
stock are doing ¦ well. Deciduous fruits J are
In good . condition and making favorable pro
gress; there will probably be a large yield.
Evaporated Apples are easier, but otherwise
the market for everything remains firm. Th«
demand Is fair and and at the
present rate will clean up supplies by the time
the new crop comes forward.
' FRUITS— Apricots, 9@llc for Royals and
10@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@9c; sun dried, 5c;
Peaches. 6%®8%c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
5(S6c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@ttc
for red and 5%@«ic for, white; figs. 4%c for
black and 5%@«5c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 6%@0%c; 40-50's. 5(@5%c: 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's. 4®4%c; 70-SO-s. 3%@3%c; 80
90"s, 3@3%c; 90-100'8, 2%@2%c per lb. •
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
heea, $2 50; Fancy. $1 00; • London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. ¦
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 9%@10c;
No. 2 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2. 7c:
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell. 9@10c for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filbeijts,
12®12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50®5.
' HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for 1 light amber; water white .extracted. 5®
Cc; light amber, extracted. 4@5c; dark. '4c.
BEESWAX— 27 %@29c per lb. , .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
%, The : monthly' statement of : the publid debt
issued to-day shows that at the .close of busi
ness' March^31, : 1902, -the > debt. /lees cash In
the treasury, amounted. to '$997, 732,933/ which
is a decrease for the. month of $6,823,720. 'The
debt is recapitulated as follow?": Interest-bear
ing debt. >$93lr070, 700; debt on which interest
has ceased since B maturity, $1,314,120; debt
bearing no interest, $393,2*3,800; total;' |1,325,~
588,621. This amount., however, does not in
clude ; $S22,799,089 In certificate* and treasury
notes outstanding, which are offset by an equal
amount of cash on hand held for their redemp
tion. . The cash in the treasury is classified as
follows : ! Gold reserve fund, $150,000,000 : 1 trust
funds, $822,789,099; general fund,. $145,468,010;
In t national bank . depositories, $118,041,309;
. total.- % $1,236,308,409; against which there are
demand liabilities outstanding amounting to
$908.452,119, '• which leaves ¦ a cash balance on
hand of $327,856,289. >- • .
- WASHINGTON. April .'. 1.— To-day's -state
ment of : the treasury In. the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold : reser\- e
in the division of redemption, . shows : • Avail
able cash : balance, §177,650,2S9; gold,' $94,858,
050. "., . . - -¦¦.,- ¦ r . .-, ¦;-•-., > , •. ...,:
Condition] of : - the Treasury.
CALL BOARD SALES. • -. , ;
Informal Sesslon^9:15 o'clock— No sales. i
Second Session — No sales. '--•-. , . ••• .
Regular Morning" Session — December— 4000
ctls, 78c; 2000. 78%c. . -
Afternoon .Session — May — 2000 ctls, 92%c;
8000, 92%c. . ' ; .
OATS — The market remains the same as for
weeks,, being firm but dull. Stocks are light
all ' over the coast, and holders refuse to sell
unless at full figures. . . ¦
Grays. $1 30<g>l 40; whites. $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 22% for
feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed f red. SI 30U
1 42% per ctl. ,,. .
CORN — Choice. dry lots are firm enough, but
the market; Is burdened -wlth : a lot of damp
goods, which find little favor' with .buyers.
The general demand is light. Prices show no
further change. ¦ : —
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 45; 'email round do.
$1 35@1 50; white,- $1 35@1 45 per ctl.
RYE— 92%@95c per ctl. The . market, Js
quiet. • , -
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
ctl. ,' . ¦
, Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, $1 07%. .
'Secona. Session—^May — 2000 -*otls, $1 08%.
December— 18,000, $1 07%; 10,000, $1 07%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ctls. $1 07%. -. .
Afternoon Session — December — 22,000 • ctls,
$1 07%. .: ..•¦',..--, • . , ;, . ' .
BARLEY — Stocks all over the coast are un
usually small, and. the market Is stiff in con
sequence/.The two northern States are draw
ing on California for supplies, and liberal ship
ments ; are going north from Port Costa and
other points for .this account. . Prices 'have
made no further advance/ however. • • '
Feed. 95@96%c for No. 1 and 92%@93%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97%c
@$1; Chevalier, 05c®$l 20 per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
.WHEAT — There was no market- at Chicago
yesterday, It being election day. , The foreign
markets were ' quiet and 'easy. : Bradstreet's
gave the status of stocks as follows: East of
the 1 Rockies, :• a' decrease of 3,344,000 bush
els; Europe and afloat, an increase -of 700,000;
net decrease, 2,644,000 bushels. The present
condition of the crop in the Northwest is re
ported unfavorable. , There was . less t plowing
last fall, there : has 'been too .' much : water on
the ground since, and from now on there will
be more land sown to barley, corn and flax
and less to wheat. '.-." '•-. * -\ • ' :'
¦ This market was weak on call and unchanged
on the spot. Trade was quiet. ¦• ¦ •¦'
> Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 10; milling,
$1 11%@1 13% per ctl. .
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady on the spot
at 22s 6d@23s 9d, •* usual options. Jf The char
tered wheat fleet' in port, has a registered ton
nage of 31,200, against 20,234 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged, 22,393! tons, against
9439; I on the way to this port, 20S.200 tons,
against 152,820. - ' - - - ¦ . '* :
Wheat and Other : Grains:
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25®
$1 75 for eood t» choice and 60c@?l for ordi
nary. ' - ¦ ¦ -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranses, $1@1 75
for standard. $1 75@2 60 for choice and $2®
2 75 for fancy; extra fancy. $3; Seedlings, $1®
175; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 75@2; Tan
gerines, in - quarter ¦ boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25@
1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c® $1 for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and $2
-®2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1@3, Including
seedless; Mexican Limes, $4^4 50; Bananas,
$1 75@2 50 per bunch for New Orleans and $1
@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
The Citrus market was dull yesterday, owing
to the wet weather, and there was little doing
outside of some shipping on the Sound steamer.
Quotations were, .unchanged. Three cars of
Oranges will be sold at auction - to-day. One
drawer of Strawberries came I in from Palo
Alto and sold for 50c per basket or $3 per
drawer. ! ' . .¦ ¦¦¦' _^
Deciduous arid Citrus Fruits.
The Secretary" of "the Treasury has fixed the
value of the" Mexican' dollar for' the ensuing
quarter . at 43 cents ; arid 7 mills , for customs
purposes. The, value for the quarter' just end
ed was 44.9 cents. ... i. . • . ; .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. .... — $4 S6%
Sterling Cables, sight....... ..-.—' — ,- 4 Ss%
Sterling Cables ...... . . . . . . . ..." — 4 89%
New York Exchange,^. sight.'. .;.' — ; ¦ 12%
New York Exchange,. telegraphic — ' 15
Silver, per ounce.". ............... — 53%
Mexican Dollars, nominal; ..... — 45%
Exchange , and Bullion.
Silver a fraction lozver. Exchange as before. v
Wheat quiet and ivcak. Freights steady.
Barley and Oats in light stock and firm.
Corn c-'d Rye dull and unchanged.
General advance in MUlstuffs. ... No change, in Flour.
Beans continue quiet, with a downward tendency. ... \. ... .
Bran, Middlings and Rolled Barley firm.
Hay weak, zcith excellent crop prospects. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in liberal supply -and unchanged.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins as before quoted. ' j
Provisions .firm enough, but noi active.
Hops quiet and easy.-; - • - - : V ;
Meat market shows a number of narrow variations.
Poultry and Game generally weak, and quieter.
Fresh Fruits steady and featureless.
Potatoes and Onions weak. Asparagus lower.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before.
Lard Oil advanced. - -
Local stocks and bonds quiet. c
Lumber dealers report an active market. - ¦ .
t . ¦ ¦¦ ¦
bears, in the -stock timid and' they: covered
heavily. .A judicial decision upholding the New
York franchise tax law weakened 'the New
York public utilities, and, caused some sym
pathetic response, elsewhere. >• The coalers were
affected by the announcement that the sum
mer schedule of prices, representing a, reduc
tion of 50 cents per ton from the winter sched
ule, was in force to-day Instead of being post
poned until May 1, as was expected. The fact
that the dispute with' the miners is still op*i
was an additional influence, t The" money mar
ket was distinctly easier, both for. call and
time loans, ¦ and the: large : disbursements pay
able to-day are of the kind to further Increase
the . of- the I market.- J The London
money market was also easy to-day. The se
curity of trie -New York 5 money : market- from
future complications is, however, not clear, and
continues to be a repressive influence on specu
lation. ;. • - : v ¦ . , • - . . ¦• , • -.-,-.¦
The bond market was less active, but -was
generally, steady. Total sales, . par, value $3-
Unlted States bonds were all unchanged on
the. last call. \ . .•„
NEW YORK "STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. ' Low. Close.
Atchison 4,100 77% 76% 7«9i
Atchison pfd 400 97^4 '97 97
Bait & Ohio..... ... 2,400 lOtf^i 105% 105Ti
Bait & Ohio pfd... . 200 95% 95^4 95 -
Can Pac, ex rights. ¦ 3,300 113% 112% 112%
Canada Southern ....'. 4 .', .:....;.. 87 J A
Chesapeake & Ohio. 300 ¦-* 45% 45J4 45U
Chic & Alton...... 400 35% 35% 35%
Chic & Alton pfd.. 800 \ 76^i 75% 76'
Chic Ind & Louis.. 1,500 . 66M, 65^4 > 65%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 100 77% 77%' 77^
Chic & East 111.... ......' .... 156^
Chic & Great" West 800 24% : 23% .: 23%
Chic & Northwest. 1,200 233% 232 232^i
Chic R I & Pac. . . . 2,200 180^4 179 • 179
Chic Ter & Tr. : 800 , 19 .: 18^ 18V4
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 1,300 35% 35% . 85&
C C C & St Louis..- 200 101% 101% 101. i
Colo Southern 2,300 28% 27% I* 27%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 900 . 71 71 ' 70%
Colo Sou 2d pfd.... - 500 42 ¦ 41% 41 ¦
Del & Hudson 300 172 " 171 -171'. r
Del Lack & West. . . ....'...; 282
Denver & R G ..... . ....;¦ 42%
Denver & R G pfd. 100 90%" 90% 91
Erie 400 37% 3B% 3(i%
Erie 1st pfd 800 68% 68% ,68%
Erie.2d prd... «00 55 54%\ 54
Great Northern pfd 200 184% 184% 184
Hocking Valley ... 2.200 74V. - . • 7SV> 73
Hocking Val pfd 500 87% 87% .80
Illinois Central .... 400 141% 141% 141%
Iowa Central /. 49%; 49% 48%
Iowa Central pfd.. . ¦ .... ' .... 84:
Lake Erie & West. ..... .... '60%
Lake E & W pfd... .129
Louisville '& Nash. 1,200 106 106 105% I
Manhattan L. ..... 8,300 133% 132% 132% i
Metropolita St Ry 3,100 164% 162% 162% !
Mexican Central... 3.500 30% 30V4 30% i
Mexican National.. 1,700 , 19% 19 18% !
Minn & St Louis «00 - 108% 108 108' 1
Missouri Pacific...-. 3,500 99% " 98% 99 '
Mo Kan & Tex. ; ... 300 24% 24% 24%,
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 500 54%- 54% 53% i
N J Central. ...... 192
N Y Central....... 400 163% 163 162%
Norfolk & West 100 56% 56% 56% i
Norfolk & W pfd.. ... 90 I
! Ontario & West... COO 32% 32% 32%!
Pennsylvania." 2,700 150 149% 149% I
Reading hi 26,700 .5T% . 56% 56%
Reading 1st pfd. ... 600 81% .81 % 81%
Reading 2d pfd...., fi.900 CS% 67% .07%
StL&SF .'.<. .3,300 68 67% 67%'
: St L & S F 1st pfd. ........ ; . . . - 82% !
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,400/74% 74% 74i' s i
St L Southwest.... .......:. . °6% i
StL Southwest pfd " 1.10O 50. ! . 68% ". 5!>
St Paul.:.. 11,100 1(>5% 164% 104% 1
St Paul pfd......; ..„ ....:i86%|
Southern Pacific ..- 1,500 65%: 64% 64-% '
Southern Railway..- 1,900 -32% .32% . 32%
Southern Ry pfd.... 3,700 04% 94 93%
Texas & Pacific;... :t00 40%. 40% 40
; Tol St L& West:, r 100 '21% '21%-. 21%
I TolSt L & W pfd..-. 1,300 38* '. 37% " 37%
Union Pacific ..... .5.400 100% 99% . 9«% i
1 Union Pacific pfd.. 700 88 87% * 87%
Wabash ............ /700 .23% 23 v 22% j
W abash pfd 100 42% 42% 42V4 I
Wheel & Lake Erie 100.19 19 '-19 I
W.& L K 2d pfd... : 200 v ' 31% 31% 31% 1
Wisconsin Central.- 2,100 • 23 . 22% 22^'
Wis Central pfd 1,400 M% " 43% • 44"
Express . Companies — . •
Adams .... ; . i . ; .'. 1 ; 195
Amc-rican ...... ..... ....^-225
United States ./ ....'.,'.'.'.'. '-108
Wells Fargo ...... 200 200% - 200% ' 200
Miscellaneous — '.- --. *. ¦ ¦'.¦,.
Amalgmat Copper.. 33,600 C5% . «53% 65%
Am Car & Foundry 13,100- 31% 2t>i, 3oit
Am Car & F pfd../ 400 91% 91^ " : 00 '
: Am Linseed Oil .... 200 '21 24 ' ¦" *>4X.i
Am Lin Oil pfd .... ....'52>|
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2,400 47 46% *47'
Am Smelt & R pfd.' HO0 97% 97 "97 i
Anaconda Mln Co.. 100 114% 114% 114 ' i
Krooklyn Rap Trn. 6,500 6." 03% : 63%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 32.600 105% 102% 102% 1
Consolidated Gas... 2,0no 225% 223% ' 223M, !
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 200 120% 120% 120 i
GeneraL Electric ... 3 . 1 00 323 322 I 321 !
Hocking Coal...... 1,500 20% 10% 20 I
Interhatnl Paper.... . - . " 20V. '
Internl Paper pfcl..- 300 75 75 74 v" !
Internatnl "Power:.. .900 05% 95 95% !
Laclede Gas I.."...'. .. . . .-,¦' ..'.."....¦• 89ii i
National Biscuit .. 200 51 51 51%'
National I^ead... .. J 200 18% 18% 18% !
North American.... 9,600. 125 , 123% ' 123%M
Pacific Coast ...... 2.100 ; - 73 • 73 -
Pacific Mall ..vi... 1.200 .' 44 ---*-'-• 43 « ¦''/ 42%
People's Gas ..;... 10.300 103% 102% 102%
Pressed Steel Car. . 2,300, 42% 42 '41%
Prerssd S Car pfd.. 500 : 85 ¦'»' 84% -¦ '841* 1
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 236 234 230 I
Republic Steel . 2,600 18 17% 1781 '
Republic Steel pfd. 300 74% 74% 74
Sugar 27,900 133% ' 131% 132
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 6,000 71% 70% 70U !
' Union Pag & P Co. 1,100 17 16% 15% i
Union B&P Co pfd. 100 80% 80%*- R0 '
US Leather. ...... 30,050 13% 13 : 13% i
U S Leather pfd... 14,300 85 \ 82% 83%.!
U S Rubber 300 17% 17% ¦ 17 I
V S Rubber prd... 20C 60% G0% 59%
U S' Steel: 9.400 " 42% 42 42 '1
U S Steel pfd .13,400 94% 94 94%
Western Union 200 ,90% 00% ' OOVi
Am Locomotive.... 3,700 "2 "1% 31%'!
Arr. Loeomot pfd... 100 90% 90'4. 00H i
Total sades.......439,000 shares.
CLOSING BONDS,
i Do coup 109 L & N uni 4s... .102%
V S ref 2s reg...lO9 Mex Central 4s.. S3
U S 3s reg......lO8% Do 1st inc....34ui
t Do coup^...:...109% Minn & St L 4s. .103% !
US new 4s reg..l39 M K & T 4s:...10<H* i
Do coup 130% Do 2n(3s .-...:.. 82% '
U S old 4s reg. . . .111 N Y Cent lsts. .103% '
Do coup ......111 Do gen 3%s...lO8
u _ s 5s reg 106 , N J Cent gen 5s. 139% !
Do. coup 106 Nor Pac 4s...... 105%!
Ateh gen 4s....M«{% Do 3s 74% i
Do adj 4s . 04% Nor & W con 4s'ioiu I
Bait & 9W0 4s... 103% Read gen 4s ! ?! 99 % I
£° 3^ B •• ,9»% SUIM con 5s.ll7% |
Do conv 4s 107 , g L & S F 4s.....Ml.'
Canada^So 2nds..lO8% St L-SW lsts.... 90s;
Cent of Ga 5s... 110% Do 2nds MR?
Inc...;. 78 S A & A P is"" 9ilt 1
Ches & Ohio 4t,i8.10S So Pacific 4n tUU
S h ! 5 A1 J? n 3%s/ M So Railway 5s! i" 121 Vi !
Chi B & Q new 4s 96 Tex & Pac lets 120i''
C M o & SPff 4s.ll5% T St L &V 4s 54% !
Chi & NW con 7s.l36% Union Pac 4s \foU !
CM R I & P 4S..112VJ, Do conv 4a Joel
C C C & S L g 4s.l03% Wabash lets '. '. 1}B*
Chi Term 4s 87% Do 2nds ¦¦.:'.).'. lllV^'i
Colo & So 4s.... 94% Do deb B " 7%
D & R G 4s . . . . .103^ West Shore 4s.' S ."ll3
Erie prior lien 4s.l00% JV & L E 4s 91
Do gen 4s. . . . . • S7% f.Vis Cent 4s. . .'.'.' 97
r W & D C lsts. 112% Cont Tob 4s C0%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO9 I "
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ..;. 25 Little Chief .11
Alice..... ,. 45 Ontario .........7 7S
Breece ..... 50 Ophlr ...... . a±
Brunswick Con.. Vt Phoenix ....... ] o«
Com Tunnel .... 05% Potosl . . • n '•
Con Cal & Va..l 25 Savage ..'.'.'.'.'." 04 "
Deadwood Terra. : 50 ' Sierra Nevada ' ' 2° '
Horn Sliver..... 1 40. Small Hopes ." 45
Iron Silver ..... 75 Standard .. 345-
Leadvllle Con... 05- .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ¦ West com .'...... 07«
Dall loans 4%@5 Mining—-, . -
lime loans .....4 @. r > Adventure .. ... t\y A -
Bonds — AUouez ..„....• aaj-
Atchlson 4s 103 , Amalgamated .. 'fi5%
Oas lsts .r.. 87 Baltic.......;... 5714
Mexican Cent 4s. 82% Bingham ...... 26
Railroads— Cal & Hecla. . . .' isoo
Atchison 70% Centennial ...:.. 21%
. Do prefd ...... 00% Dominion Coal ' 121
Boston & Albany.264Vi Franklin ...... 12
Boston & Maine. 194% Isle Royale ..... ic«
N Y N II- & H...214% Mohawk ....... 36
Fitch burg- prefd.. 146 Old Dominion ... 20
Union Pacific... -99% Osceola . . 61
Mex Central ..... SOHlParrot. .'.'.28
Miscellaneous— • Qulncy '.»......'. 3 -•
Amer. Sugar ... ..131*'. 'Santa Fe Copper." 3 ;
Do prefd ...... 119%: Tamarack .......175 ,
Dominion I & S.. 4B% Trlmountain .... 65-
Gen Electric ....321 Trinity....... ..'.•'. 14 *•
Mass Elec ... 37 I United , States v. . 18^4
Do nrefd ....... 96% I Utah.. ...'. . 22K
N E Gas & Coke.' 6% Victoria .........'But
United Fruit ... .102% Wlnona ......... \U i
.US Steel ....... 42% Wolverine ....... B*>% '
Do prefd ...... 04%l • • ~P.
LONDON CLOSING \STOCKS.
Consols for money 94% I Mo, Kans&Tex 2t<«i
Consols for acct... 04% Mo, K & T pfd .'55%
Anaconda :... 5% N..Y Central.. liny.
Atchison ; ......... C»% Nor & Western.-. 57%
Atchison pfd..... 99% Nor & West nfrt -¦ o-
Bait ¦& Ohio.. ...108% Ontario :& West ''xiv*"'
Canadian Paclflo.. 119% So Railway •-- " ; iw
Ches &;Ohlo.....46% So. Railway 'pfdii bbv,'
Chgo Gre?.t W. . . 24% Southern - Paclflc.' 08%
Chgo, M & St P. 169% Union Pacific ' 1O''V
Denver , ft , Rio G. ¦ 43% Union Pacific pfd S'la?
D & R G pfd.... 03% U 'S Steel....'. '-40%'*
Erie :;.•; 38 t; S rsteel pfd.'. '[ 9«%]
Krie. 1st pfd.-...-..70% Wabash ..:.:.".'. ;t 23* J
Erie 2d pfd. Bfi Wabash pfd.... .. 43vt v
Illinois Central. ..145% Spanish ' t 4s ...... -77
Louis & Nash.... 10S3* - v , ; . -,-;. .-!",'¦•'.';
Bar silver, steady, .21%d per ounce. '-•-¦¦'
¦'Money, 2%@3 per. cent. . .
The rate of discount In the open market for
higher: Redwood. $17@20; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90®
4; Pickets. $1»; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and
$1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14
for saws; Rustic, $25@31. ¦ '
LUMBER — Retail prices are as .follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $18019 60; extra sizes.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed- and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.33c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
latad Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bass only), none;
Confectioners* A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c:
Extra. C 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D."
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, COc more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes.
5c oer lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
¦ RED.AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7@
7%c per lb^White Lead, eftij^Z^ic. according
to quantity.
SALT— Liverpool, $30@32 50 for the best and
$26627 50 for factory filled. Domestic — Imita.
tlon Liverpool, $25 25@27: H. R. H.. $26 23®
27; California Dairy, 50-lb bags, $25026; Rock
Salt, -$17 60@19 60, according to quantity;
Granulated. $25 50@27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER — $47@4S per flask for local
use and $44@45 50 for export.
washed peaberry: 9%@10c for good to prime
somi- washed; 0@9%c for superior Vun washed;
S?i«?S%c for good green unwashed; 9@9?ic for
good to superior unwashed peaberry; t>@7c for
common, to ordinary. _ , •
Nicaragua — 12@15c for prime to fancy wash*.
ed- 9">i®llc for fair to strictly good washed;
8«4@9c for good to superior unwashed; 9@9'-iv;
for • good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — lS'glSc for prime
to fancy washed; 11%@12%c for strictly good
washed- ll@ll%c for good washed; J>Ms©lo il ic
for fair' washed; S@9c for medium; 6@7%c for
inferior to ordinary; -10%@l2c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 0^@10c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; S*4@9c for good to
superior unwashed. • -w»~»«
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20@32c: extra
heavy 30@40c per lb; medium. 27@29c; light.
24©2tScT Rough Leather, 2U@2Sc: Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@39c for No. 1 and 30@:«c
for No 2- medium. 30@37c: light, 29@^V;
Skirting, No. 1 40@42c; No. -2, 3e@3Sc; Collar
Leather 15@16c' per foot: Trace Leather. 40©
44c- Kip. unfinished, 4C@50c per lb; Veal,
finished 16@17c per f oot ;. Belt Knife . Splits,
14® ltic-* Rough Splits, 8@10c per pound.
. TANBARK — Ground, $25@28 per ton; Stick.
$lt"@lS per cord. ' '
OIL Lard Oil is hlcher: California Castor
Oil in cases. No. 1. 70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed
OH, in barrels boiled. 76c; raw. i4c; cases.
5c more; Lucol, 6ttc for boiled and 64c for raw,
in barrels .->- Lard Oil. extra winter strained,
barrels 90c; cases. 95c; China Nut. 57"»»@t58i;
per gallon; pure Neatsfoot, in barrels, 70c;
cases 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil, nat
ural white. 40@50c p«r gallon; Fish Oil. barrels.
42V^c; cases 47%c: Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 6G^jo
for" Ceylon and 58 %c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. la bulk.
13%c; Pearl. Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; -Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15%c;
In cases, 22c; Benzine. In bulk. 14%c; in cases,
21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cased.
26Vic. * -
TURPENTINE: — 76c per gallon In cases and
70c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
... WASHINGTON.- ..,/., j
' TACO1IA, April 1. — Wheat — Unchanged
bluestem.jOSc; club, 64c. 1 : .- ¦'. * \
•I./ OREGON. -
, PORTLAND, April 1.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
64c; valley, C5c. . . '
Northern Wheat Market.
- Lead was steady and* unchanged at New
York and London, . the latter, closing at- £11 '7s
fla and.NewiYork at 4%c. -'.''-' . . , : , '¦¦¦' - .^
'Spelter j was - 1 steady and unchanged I here at
4.35c; London was 2s Gd higher at .£17 12s 6d.
j Iron showed "steadiness here and abroad with
out change. • Pig- iron warrants '.were nominal.
No.' 1- foundry, "Northern, _?19@20; No.* 2 foun
dry. Northern, . $18@19 ; No; ; 1 j f gundry, . South
"2- r * 17 "0@lS; : No. 1 foundry, . Southern, soft,
Glasgow closed at 52s lid and Miadlesboro* at
40s 10%d. .-.-. ¦¦ . , • . ¦ ....
London Market. ¦'»
LONDON., 'April l.-^The; Commercial; Adver
tiser's'London. financial sablegram % says :•¦
- There, was thin attendance. on the floor Qf the
exchange; to-day.Vand; the- holiday feeling was
still ; in evidence. " - Stocks were .inclined , to be
dull in | the absence of any definite peace j news
from* South 'Africa. •¦ Kaffirs and chartereds con
tinued firm,- despite the death of : Mr. * Rhodes.
American shares were higher, - but ! this ) merely,
reflected New York prices, as • business I waa-
I practically mil. i Canadian Pacific-; spurted 1%
on the confirmation of the new stock bonus. :
| " Copper fortnightly; statistics- show increases
in stock of 1245 tons; supplies, 1645 tons. Rio
j Tintos were pressed " down - to 4.'J li ; Anaconda,
I 3-10 down to 5%. .'.--.¦.. v ,
At London the tin market; was £1 Is better
thanit closed Thursday, which made spot £118
and futures £110.: The local market was like
wise improved... the gain being 50 points, with
: spot closing at 2G%@26%.% . " : •'..: >;¦:-.
:>. Copper was unchanged at London.' with'both
spot and futures at £52 17s ed.^ The local mar
ket was steady, but quiet and unchanged. Lake
closed at 12@12%c'and electrolytic and casting
at'12l4c: .--;, ,..".;.'; ...-¦.¦..-.;,.•¦. .-¦¦..¦•
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
I short-lbills is'2 11-10 per cent.; ' > '•" • '
The rate of discount in the open market for
1 3-months'- bills is 2%- per cent.
Butter, still keeps up, but" the feeling la de
pressed and It would take very little additional
pressure '¦ to ; cause another decline. Receipts
and stocks. are heavy, and.while fair shipments
arej being, made-, to the north, . they are not suf
ficient to consume v the, surplus. : The northern
steamer yesterday took out 8314 lbs. ;~ .. .
: . Cheese continues • weak under large supplies.
Tne situation In Eggs remains precisely the
same. Dealers sell what they . can and store
the rest. Those who are buying In the country
for cold storage speculation have been slowly
lowering their bids for ; a week or ten days.
Stocks here continue large. - Nothing brings
over 15c except when - the - buyer ¦ has to be
given«lons credit or. the goods have ,to be de
livered, both of which extras have to.be added
to J the price.
Receipts were .71,400 pounds and 73 tubs of
Butter, 1988 cases of Eggs, 8050 pounds of Cal
ifornia Cheese, pounds of Oregon Cheese
and — — pounds of "Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, -21c l per -pound for
fancy. 20c- for firsts and for seconds:
dairy, 17@19c;.- store Butter, . ltt®17c -per
pound. : :¦•.•¦•¦ ¦.'¦.¦' •
'CHEESE — New,' 9<@10c; old, 0@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 14@15c; store, 13@14c per
dozen. - . ' / . "
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
«?3;. White Geese,' 75c@$l 25; Brant, $1®2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4:- English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50. • < ' :¦
4.350,000: -wheat and flour on passage to Conti
nent,. 1,440,000. . \ ...... ' . , .,-•¦ .-,...
LIVERPOOL, April 1.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California; 6a 2% d; wheat In -Paris,
steady; flour, In Paris; 'steady; weather in Eng
land, cloudy; .cotton, ; uplands,'. 4s - 27-32d.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAYj APRIL 2 , :190a.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Gra in a nd ' Produce;
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
Continued on Page Eleven.
Price During
No. Month.
NAME. Shares
Sold. Low. High.
Bonds— .:¦¦¦¦.» ,*''.!-
U. S. Government.... 4,000 108^
Bay Counties Power Co.. 100,000 106% 107%
Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar. ¦ 6,000 99 99%
Los Angeles Ry. Co 83.000 120% 121V*
Los Angeles Pac. R. R... 9.000 102 1033?
Market St. Ry. 1st. c.mtg. S3. 000 119%
Northern Ry Co. of Cal... 1.000 m'i
Northern Ry. Co. (of Cal.) 40.000 123 124
North Pacific Coast R. R.. 45.000 108% 110
Oakland Transit Co :. 17.000 122*4 123%
Oak. Tran. 1st con mtgr... 8,000 ...... 112%
Oakland Water Co., gntd. 6,000 102^4 103V*
Oceanic Steamship Co 21,000 100% 101 to.
Park & Cliff House Ry... 3.000 107
Sac. Elec.. Gas & Ry 46,000t 96% 9SU
S. F. & San Joaqutn Val. 66.000 123% 124
S. P. R. R. of Ariz. (1909) 76,000 112% 113*1
S. P. R..R. of Ariz. (1910) 4S.000 113% 114*»
S. P. R. R. of Cal.. eer. A. 10,000 109% 109S
S. P. R. R. of Cal. strapd. 127.000 1U%
S. P.Br. Ry of Cal....... 22.000 140 140\i
S. V. Water. 1st mtj. . . . 10.000 Ill
S. V. Water. 2d mt? 12.000 102% 103
S. V. Water. 3d mtgr 5.000 101%
Water stocks — * .
Contra Costa 430 75 . 79U
Spring Valley 4.260 .89 93*1
Gas and electric stocks —
Equitable Gas Light Co... 600 3% 3*1
Mutual Electric Light Co. 25 4»i
Oakland Gas Lght & Heat 345 56 57%
Pacific Gas Improvement. 215 35% 87 »i
Pacific Lighting Co 5 . 45
8. F. Gas & Electric Co.. 900 42 45-ii
S. F. Gaslljrht Co C2 5>4
Bank stocks —
Anglo-Cal. • (limited) 1H0 88% 90
Bank of California P2 423
Cal., Safes Dep. & Trust Co 13 .. 117«
¦Savings basks —
Mutual Savings Bank 20 go
Security Savings Bank... : . 5....V. 340
Street R. R. stocks— .
California .¦.¦-.... 10 .. 170
Market-«t. Hallway Co 2,936 S7}A 9914
Powder stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co.... CSO 7SVi SOti
b'ugar stocil — •
Hana Plantation | jibp sij{ rt rt'
Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar. 50! SI S2?"
Honckaa Sugar Co.. 513J 10U i~
Hutchinson R. P. Co. . . . . . J.350! 11 r";*:
Kilauea S. P. Co 70I » aij
Makawell Sugar Co .120! 22% 2rt£!
Onomea Sugar Co........ 2101 'ii, • om;
Paauhau S. P. Co.... 375 11 iS?'
Mlscellanpous stocks — | j
Alaska Packers' Assn.... l,lf,0 15S% l«U
Cal. Fruit Canners' Assn. 4101 97xZ( int
Ca!. Wine Assn...... «fi0! 99% loa
Oceanic Steamship Cn r<\«u 14 jni.'
Paelflc Coast Borax Co. ... jo 185
NAME.
a e g o to -s
STATIONS. <t-- Sc 2g.?o C° S
: ? ? :. : f
Astoria 29l«4 5S 46 S Cloudy T
Baker 21). 52 OS 34 NE Cloudy ".00
Carson 29.e<J 54 30 SW Cloudy' T
Kureka ..29.82 52 44 SW Clear .20
Fres=no. 20. SS «!S 52 N Pt Cldy .12
Flapstaff 29.72 52 30 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida.29.5S C<O 32 SE Cloudy 00
Independence.. 20. 60 V2 50 NW Cloudy 00
Los Angeies...20.94 62 50 SW Rain T
Phoenix 20.767S 48 NE Cloudy .00
Portland 29.50 W 48 SW Cloudy .00
Red liluff 29. 7C 5»i 48 SE Cloudy 04
Roseburs 29.72 62 40 SW Cloudy .30
Sacramento. ..29.82 54 4« S Pt Cldy- 10
Salt Lake 29.58 «2 «0 S . ...
San Franclsco.29.»0 - 52 42 W Pt Cldy 18
S. L. Oblspo... 29.94 5(5 42 N Pt Cldy .42
SanT>iegt> 29.94 CS.52 SW Clear .00
Seattle... 29.56 <!e 44 W ,• Cloudy 00
Spokane 29.54 fiS :;<» E Cloudy 00
Neah Bay. 29. 56 56 44 SW Cloudy 00
Walla Walla. .29.52 66 42 S Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca..29.!>4 CS 34 'W aoudy .00
Yuma.. 29.74 80 52 SW Clear .00
Price During
No. Month.
NAME. Shares
Sold. Low. High.
Bonds— .:¦¦¦¦.» ,*''.!-
U. S. Government.... 4,000 108^
Bay Counties Power Co.. 100,000 106% 107%
Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar. ¦ 6,000 99 99%
Los Angeles Ry. Co 83.000 120% 121V*
Los Angeles Pac. R. R... 9.000 102 1033?
Market St. Ry. 1st. c.mtg. S3. 000 119%
Northern Ry Co. of Cal... 1.000 m'i
Northern Ry. Co. (of Cal.) 40.000 123 124
North Pacific Coast R. R.. 45.000 108% 110
Oakland Transit Co :. 17.000 122*4 123%
Oak. Tran. 1st con mtgr... 8,000 ...... 112%
Oakland Water Co., gntd. 6,000 102^4 103V*
Oceanic Steamship Co 21,000 100% 101 to.
Park & Cliff House Ry... 3.000 107
Sac. Elec.. Gas & Ry 46,000t 96% 9SU
S. F. & San Joaqutn Val. 66.000 123% 124
S. P. R. R. of Ariz. (1909) 76,000 112% 113*1
S. P. R..R. of Ariz. (1910) 4S.000 113% 114*»
S. P. R. R. of Cal.. eer. A. 10,000 109% 109S
S. P. R. R. of Cal. strapd. 127.000 1U%
S. P.Br. Ry of Cal....... 22.000 140 140\i
S. V. Water. 1st mtj. . . . 10.000 Ill
S. V. Water. 2d mt? 12.000 102% 103
S. V. Water. 3d mtgr 5.000 101%
Water stocks — * .
Contra Costa 430 75 . 79U
Spring Valley 4.260 .89 93*1
Gas and electric stocks —
Equitable Gas Light Co... 600 3% 3*1
Mutual Electric Light Co. 25 4»i
Oakland Gas Lght & Heat 345 56 57%
Pacific Gas Improvement. 215 35% 87 »i
Pacific Lighting Co 5 . 45
8. F. Gas & Electric Co.. 900 42 45-ii
S. F. Gaslljrht Co C2 5>4
Bank stocks —
Anglo-Cal. • (limited) 1H0 88% 90
Bank of California P2 423
Cal., Safes Dep. & Trust Co 13 .. 117«
¦Savings basks —
Mutual Savings Bank 20 go
Security Savings Bank... : . 5....V. 340
Street R. R. stocks— .
California .¦.¦-.... 10 .. 170
Market-«t. Hallway Co 2,936 S7}A 9914
Powder stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co.... CSO 7SVi SOti
b'ugar stocil — •
Hana Plantation | jibp sij{ rt rt'
Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar. 50! SI S2?"
Honckaa Sugar Co.. 513J 10U i~
Hutchinson R. P. Co. . . . . . J.350! 11 r";*:
Kilauea S. P. Co 70I » aij
Makawell Sugar Co .120! 22% 2rt£!
Onomea Sugar Co........ 2101 'ii, • om;
Paauhau S. P. Co.... 375 11 iS?'
Mlscellanpous stocks — | j
Alaska Packers' Assn.... l,lf,0 15S% l«U
Cal. Fruit Canners' Assn. 4101 97xZ( int
Ca!. Wine Assn...... «fi0! 99% loa
Oceanic Steamship Cn r<\«u 14 jni.'
Paelflc Coast Borax Co. ... jo 185
NAME.
a e g o to -s
STATIONS. <t-- Sc 2g.?o C° S
: ? ? :. : f
Astoria 29l«4 5S 46 S Cloudy T
Baker 21). 52 OS 34 NE Cloudy ".00
Carson 29.e<J 54 30 SW Cloudy' T
Kureka ..29.82 52 44 SW Clear .20
Fres=no. 20. SS «!S 52 N Pt Cldy .12
Flapstaff 29.72 52 30 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida.29.5S C<O 32 SE Cloudy 00
Independence.. 20. 60 V2 50 NW Cloudy 00
Los Angeies...20.94 62 50 SW Rain T
Phoenix 20.767S 48 NE Cloudy .00
Portland 29.50 W 48 SW Cloudy .00
Red liluff 29. 7C 5»i 48 SE Cloudy 04
Roseburs 29.72 62 40 SW Cloudy .30
Sacramento. ..29.82 54 4« S Pt Cldy- 10
Salt Lake 29.58 «2 «0 S . ...
San Franclsco.29.»0 - 52 42 W Pt Cldy 18
S. L. Oblspo... 29.94 5(5 42 N Pt Cldy .42
SanT>iegt> 29.94 CS.52 SW Clear .00
Seattle... 29.56 <!e 44 W ,• Cloudy 00
Spokane 29.54 fiS :;<» E Cloudy 00
Neah Bay. 29. 56 56 44 SW Cloudy 00
Walla Walla. .29.52 66 42 S Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca..29.!>4 CS 34 'W aoudy .00
Yuma.. 29.74 80 52 SW Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
JUST ' ARRIVKD. carload of the: FINEST
WORkTcaRHIAGE and DRIVING HORSE3
ever brought to this market, weights from
1150 to 1500 nil sound and broken. SANT X,
% CLARA MILK- CO.. 721-723 Howard street.Conies in: for" Repairs.
'OAKLAND, April 1.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Marian P. Lema, 35,
and Marie Miller, ; 19,-rboth of - Oakland;
"William H.> Lawlor, 28, ;Mt. Eden, r a nd
Maybelle Thorndike, 20, >Hay wards; .Wil
liam' Mayne, ¦ Vlsalla, : and Florence
Ash ton. 37. San Krahcisco. ;
Licensed , to Marry.
;.'; The payrolls, have arrived from : the
adjutant i general's office,. '. . and all the
ex-metnbers of the i First. California Vol
unteers who signed claims' for: State pay
from date of enrollment to date of mus
ter-In are requested to send their present
addresses ..to ..their, respective company
commanders or call at the First Regiment
'Armory, corner : of , Page ¦ and . Gough
streets. - --SSWBSWSmMBMilattBWWgfcW
Honey . for t Volunteers.
An application was made yesterday aft
ernoon to the. clerk of th6 United States
District Court for a writ of habeas corpus
on behalf of JoseplrVerne, a French sail
or, who is confined in the County Jail at
the request of the French' Consul for. in
subordination on board a French; vessel.
The; fee' not being forthcoming the clerk
refused to file. 'the application; in forma
pauperls, on the ground that an. alien is
not allowed to file papers without fees.
Aliens, Must Pay Filing Fses.
Death • of Thomas J. Matteson.
Thomas J. Matteson, a pioneer, died in
this city yesterday morning at the resi
dence of his- son. He was a prominent
Odd Fellow and was well known in the
tr,m«ne towns of the State. Matteson
Sme to California from New YorTc in 1819
and started the Milton-Angels stage line
the following year. Up to six years ago
ne conducted the line.; He also-ran the
Sierra-Nevada stage line into Yosemite
valley The ; deceased was prominent in
Republican politics. Besides a widow and
? daughter. Mrs. W.R. Centers, who re
sides in Stockton, the deceased leaves
three eons. m&S&glfflBmBBm
Police Officer. Robert McDowell was on
trial before the Board of Police Commis
sioners last night on charges of unofflcer
;like conduct preferred by W. C. Fahey of
the Cosmopolitan Hotel at Fifth and Mis
sion streets. The testimony 'r-ss y e ry con
tradictory and the matter was taken un-*
'der advisement for "one weei. Miss Amia^
McAuliffe was appointed matron of the
City, Prison to succeed Mrs. Wright, who
resigned. E. C. Smith and Edward O'Con
nor,, dairy inspectors of the Board of
Health, Were appointed special police offi
cers.
Police Offlcer*Gn Trial.
C. Schloh, a' music dealer at" 208 Post
street, secured a warrant from* Judge Ca
baniss yesterday for the arrest of W.' H.
Spencer on the charge of grand 1 larceny;
Spencer owned a barber shop at 38 EUi3
street and mortgaged it for $150 to. E. S.
Bonnelll on February 6. Bohnelli sold the
mortgage to Schloh the following day and
Spencer sold out on February 28.
Juggled With Barber Shop.
Charles- Vandevere, : alias Brown, alias
Lealand; Albert "West, Fred Reed and
Ray. Clarke appeared in : Judge Conlan's
court yesterday and were arraigned on
the charge of burglary for stealing Mrs..
Julius. Kruttschnltt's jewels . from her
rooms in the Hotel Richelieu on the night
of March 13. The case was continued till
to-day, when the preliminary examination
will \be held. The young ¦. woman, Alice
¦Wilson,' alias" Stevens, alias Stoltz, Is be
ing-held as:a witness.*,^ .~ '. -r . • . :
Stole the Kruttschnitt Jewels.
A committee of merchants of Bakers
fleld is .visiting^ this city to arrange for
an excursion to the oil town during tbe
Street fair week/; May 3 to May 10. ¦ The
committee , is- composed of ; Fred Gurither ;
T. ' J. Packard, vice president; Al Llndley
of the executive committee and. Louis VV.
Buckley,, general '- manager, ; representing
the Bakersfleld Free -Street Carnival; E.
A. Baer, Horace 'Anderson, Colonel Tim
othy Spellacy, F." M.'Farmim and M.
Wagenheim,' representing the Bakersfleld
Board of Trade; Joseph Chanslor and L.
E., Mayfield of the Bakersfleld Oil'Ex
change, and F. .M.?Carillo.of Aerie No. .93
of : the . Eagles. -• The ; visitors held a con
ference ; with .the executive ; committee at
the Merchants'? Association yesterday^^and
the matter, was thoroughly discussed. .The
fair promises to bo one of the most suc
cessful carnivals ever held in this State.
Arranging for Bakersfield Excursion.
San , Jose probably will , try. to capture,
the^next Republican State ; nominating
convention. ¦ The, delegates to the, league
meeting will'dlscuss the. question, and an
effort. will be made to. have them Indorse
San ' Jose. * Sacramento is believed to be
the only rival, .r.^: ;. ' » - ¦¦¦;
. The general committee of local Republi
cans* 1 in charge of the convention^arrange
ments-'will:: leave '.nothing 'undone to en
tertain the delegates. ¦> Between $1200 and
$1500 will, be raised among, the business
men. In order to make certain that the
visitors .will have ample accommodations
the | committee ¦ will ' open headquarters to
morrow,' and all those wfto have rooms to
let .will be listed; The ;- Southern • Pacific
ihaa^made 1 . a ¦ rate 1 of • one ¦ fare .-for the
round' trip, and' this will be a big induce
ment Cor the extreme southern delegates
to attend. >'¦'¦ ¦¦: v v -•.-•'¦"¦ ¦ <¦• ¦'¦ -.
SAN, JOSE, April 1.— San Jose Repub
licans are preparing to receive the dele
gates who are coming to attend the bien
nial \ convention of | the State | League of
Republican Clubs, which' will -be in ses
sion hero on April 14 and 15.' The various'
committees have begunlwork.. Reports
from all sections , of the State show that
great interest is Being taken, in the club
meeting;' and- it Is now^ certain that be
tween 2000 and' 3000 delegates will be pres
ent.:. :. . ? ¦'.",". '¦',-" .;'.- \ . :
Yoichi Umeno, a Japanese, employed as
a domestic at 23S6 Broadway, was knocked
down by a car of the Suiter street line
on Pacific avenue, near Fillmore street,
early last evening and narrowly escaped
being: killed. V .
Umeno was seated on a west-bound
dummy on his way to his home when a
heavy gust of wind blew off his nat.
Without waiting for- the car to stop
Umeno Jumped off to recover his lost
headgear. In his excitement he failed to
notice the approach of a car passing in
an opposite direction. The car struck him
and rolled him quite a distance. Umeno
was taken to the Central Emergency Hos
cltal. where an examination .by Dr. Mil
far showed that Umeno had received sev
eral severe lacerations and contusions of
the scalp and face, a fractured arm and
a broken rib. ¦
Japanese Domestic Narrowly. Escapes
Being Killed in an Accident
. on Pacific Avenue.
KNOCKED DOWN" BY A CAR
AND SERIOUSLY INJURED
Thousands of Delegates
to Attend Sari Jose
Convention.
LEAGUE CLUBS
ENTHUSIASTIC
.Among the articles stolen were a seal
skin coat valued at $500, several- valuable
gowns, silverware,' a pair of rare candle
sticks, two old majolica plates Of great
value and some jewelry. Fortunately
Miss Marshall had taken the greater, part
of her Jewelry to the theater With her.
The covering of the furniture had been,
ripped open, presumably in a search for
hidden money. - . • .-'• ' :-'-
The police are working on a clew, which
may lead to the arrest of the burglars*.
Miss Marshall had two keys to the front
door of her flat, and one she always left
at the theater. It cannot be found since
the burglary, although a systematic
search has been made fo^it. . " .
The flat' at 531 Golden Gate avenue oc
cupied by Miss Annette- Marshall, leading
lady. at. the Central Theater, was entered
by burglars Sunday night and articles of
the value of $2000 were stolen. Miss Mar
shall left the house about 7:30 o'clock to
go .to the theater, and : was; certain that
air the doors and windows were locked.
When she returned after the performance
the doors and windows were': still, locked,'
but every room had been ransacked. V
Ransacked and Valuable Arti
cles Stolen. .
Miss Annette Marshall's Apartments
Goaded by the sharp, spur of bitter re
morse, .August It.' Richard, 'an Insurance
solicitor of Indianapolis, attempted to
commit suicide yesterday morning at his
lodgings, 333 O'Farrell- street, by firing a
bullet into his head. ¦' His . aim was bad
and the bullet, instead of finding a fatal
spot, ranged downward and passed out
through his nose. He was taken to the
Central -Emergency Hospital and subse
quently, to the City and County Hospital.
He will recover, but the sight of his right
eye , is destroyed. 7 I
Richard I says he believed he would
please God by taking his life. - He had
been . drinking heavily lately, 1 and his re
morse was occasioned by thoughts' of «his
family, which he deserted in St. Charles,
Mo., and also by the memory of a murder
which he claims he committed in Missis
sippi. -He says that he . was moved to
commit suicide by a voice from heaven,
which demanded that he. make reparation
for the murder and for his cruelty in de
serting his familyj
in the Head, but .Will
Recover.
August B. Richard Shoots Himself
.George H. Booth, a young man who wag
arrested Friday on a charge of obtaining
$31 from \V. E. Payne, a conductor on the
'Kearny . street line, by v falsely . represent
ing that an imaginary uncle in Washing
ton could procure, a Government position
for. Payne, was seized with one epileptic
fit after another yesterday afternoon in
his cell in the CitjKPrison. , Desk Sergeant
McManus telephoned to - the Central
Emergency Hospital for a surgeon, and
was informed : that one could ,; not
spared. He then telephoned to Dr.; Ba
zet, but he could not be at the prison till
4 o'clock. As a last resort the ambulance
was summoned and Booth was sent to
the Emergency- Hospital, where if 'was
found that . he . was not in a critical con
dition. Booth attempted to. escape from
Bailiff Conlon last. Saturday after he had
left Judge Fritz's courtroom.
Trial, Is Suddenly Seized With
V an Epileptic Fit. ;
George H. Booth, Who Is ' Awaiting
Gustav Foster, a teamster, residing at
147% Fifth street, was assaulted in his
own home yesterday by friends of his
wife. He had his Injuries attended at the
Emergency Hospital. Foster subsequent
ly swore to warrants for the arrest of his
assailants.
Assaulted in His Own Home.
INSURANCE SOLICITOR .
; TRIES TO KILL HIMSELF
TAKEN SEBIOUSLY ILL
IN THE CITY PBISON
After listening to the testimony of
friends of 'both parties and witnessing tho
grief which the Idea of separation from
Miss Rothemal seemed to cause the chil
dren, the court, made an order appointing
her their guardian. Judge Coffey held
that while the father had a natural right
to the custody of the children, the love
they showed for their aunt was enough
to convince him that she was the proper
guardian. . . . " . ,.
A pretty little girl cried and sobbed in
a heart-breaking manner yesterday in
Department 9 of the Superior Court be
cause her father, who 1 has left her to the
care : of her aunt for the last eleven years,
tried to regain custody of her. The littld
girl, who is only 13 years of age. and her
brother, who la two years older, are the
children of Fred P.. Anthes. who. eleven
years ago, shortly after the death of his
wife, gave his children into the custody
of his sister-in-law, Miss Louise Rothe
mal. He paid no attention. to them until
a short. time ago, when he azftounced that
he had married a second time and asked
that the children be given into his cus
tody. Miss Rothemal refused and he
brought the matter Into the courts.
Them, Is Best Fitted for Their
Custody.
Decides That Aunt Who Has Beared
JUDGE BEFUSES TO GIVE
CHTLDBEN TO FATHER
BUBGLABS VISIT THE
FLAT OF AN ACTBESS
, Game Law Violator Caught. .'•"
Dep
caugh
sion
Count
Frank
nent
fined
cf Kenwood. • •
Deputy Walters of the Fish Commission
caught a man with a trout in his posses
sion on Monday near Kenwood, Sonoma
County. He gave the fictitious name of
Frank Harum. It- is said he 1b a promi
nent pportEiran of this city. He was
fined 520 for his offense by Justice Gibson
cf Kenwood.
' In a letter received yesterday from O.
1^. Spaulding, acting Secretary ¦ of the
Treasury. Collector Stratton was in
formed that the department approved of
his action in assessing duty on eight cases
Of cigars and one case of bamboo cigar
cases imported by William Lichtenberg
from Manila on the America Maru, whicli
arrived here March . 10. Lichtenberg
claimed that inasmuch as the importing
vessel arrived at Honolulu March 3 the
merchandisa had been brought within the
jurisdiction of the United States previous
to the taking effect of the Philippine tariff
act of March 8. The Secretary of the
Treasury holds that as the goods were
consigned to San Francisco and were not
brought to Honolulu with any intention
of being unladen there, they were not im
ported into the United . States until the
steamer arrived in this port, and were
therefore liable to duty.
Act Went Into Effect, but Are
Not Unladen.
Arrive at Honolulu Before Philippine
LICHTENBEB-G MUST PAYi
DUTIES ON HIS CIGABS
The San Francisco Press Club gave an
"April Fool" jinks last evening at Its
rooms, which proved, a great success.
The attendance was very large, and dur
in? the entire evening the rooms of the
club were crowded by the guests. . ;
The following programme was rendered
in the concert hall, on the upper floor:
Dance tnuEic, Hawaiian sextet; monologue,
Frank Lincoln: eons. Homer Ltnd; banjo solo,
Fred Stuber; German dialect, John C. Privci ;
tor.g. Mrs. H. C. Beat; violin solo, Miss Katli
triae Parlowe; song anil dance. Miss Gladys
Montague; vocal solo, W. Blake; monologue,
Harvey Hermsen; song, Ferris Hartman;
tang, Mrs. John Wilson and George King.
bers and Large Number of
Their Friends.
Finest of Talent Entertains the Mem-
PBESS CLUB HOLDS JlNXS
IN ITS CLUBBOOMS
A large, though not crowded, house was
attracted last night to Sherman & Clay
Hall to the first performance here of the
"Enoch Arden" melodrama of Richard
Strauss by Max and Julia Heinrich. The
poem, declaimed by Mr. Heinrich, and
with intermezzi for the pianoforte and
occasional accompaniment *to the poem
interpreted by Miss Heinrich, proved to
be a brilliantly interesting number. Miss
Helnrlch's accompaniment was not al
ways distinguished by complete sym
pathy, though she is technically
delightfully adequate, and neither is Mr.
Heinrich'-s diction of the clearest, but the
reciter's admirable dramatic sense, fine
poetic grasp and rich vocal charm com
bined to give a vivid picture of the Ten-,
nyson poem, to which the Strauss music
lent a rare and eminent grace. The com
poser speaks as one having authority, in
compelling note and new voice. There are
strange, and lovely as strange, harmonies
Jn this "melodrama," of which, musically,
there is Just sufficient to make one wish
for more. It was received with consid
erable enthusiasm last night and will
most likely be repeated at the Saturday
recital. ¦• ¦ : •
Lovers With the Programme •
They Presented.
Max and Julia Heinrich Please Music
ENOCH ABDEN MELODBAMA .
DELIGHTS LARGE AUDIENCE
Harry Byers, a ycung man who lives
with his grandmother at 783 Mission
street, has filed a suit for the annulment
of his recent marriage 'to Miss Emma
Gertrude Cureton on the ground that the
two brothers of the young woman co
erced him Into the matrimonial stati by
threatening to blow his head off with
their revolvers if he failed to marry their
sister. According to his sworn statement,
Byers was accosted on the street by
Crosby and Omer Cureton on January 17
an 1 both of them told . him they were
armed and intended to kill. him if he did
not consent to the marriage. Byers says
that the two brothers took him to the
County Clerk's office, where he procured
a marriage license and then later to the
chambers of Judge Joachimson, where
the ceremony was performed.
Byers visited police headquarters yes
terday and told his troubles. He w?» In-
Jormed that a civil action was necessary
to procure relief and went immediately
to the office of his attorneys, Sweeney &
Adams, who took the matter in hand
Byers met his wife at her home, at
Point Arena, and they kept company for
some time. He moved to this city and
claims that the brothers of the young
woman followed him here and forced
him into the marriage." .
Harry Byers Claims His Wife's
Brothers Coerced Him With
Deadly Revolvers.
WANTS HI5 MAKRIAGE
AJraXTLLED BY COTT£T
Martin J. Acton, to be opener and packer No.
6, class C, vice James J. Cantlen, promoted;
$S40 per annum. [ • • ¦ . , . •
J. J. Cantlen. opener and packer No. C. class
C, to be inspector of customs No. 3, class K,
vice Elmer L.. Chaloner, promoted, $3 per diem.
Frederick Schramm. to be Inspector of cus
toms No. 34, class E, vice James E. Mullen,
promoted; $3 per diem. •
Frank S. French, clerk railway mall service,
transferred, vice A. Dumas Jones.. . assistant
weigher No. 4, class E. promoted; $1100 per an
num.
Frank W. Cusbing, clerk 10, claw 3, to be
clerk 8, class 4, vice Charles H. Blinn, pro
moted; $lbO0 per annum. -• - -
George G. Kenny, clerk 4, class 2, to be clerk
10. class 3, vice Frank W. Cusnlng, promoted;
$1COO per annum. - .
John P. Albro, clerk 6. class 1, to be clerk
4, class 2, vice George G. Kenny, promoted;
$1400 per annum.
Elmer L. Chaloner, inspector Of customs No.
3, Class E, to be Inspector of customs No. 30,
class 2; $4 per diem.
Ed«ar M. Dean, clerk 4, class 1. to be clerk
6, class 1, transfer, vice I John P. Albro, pro
moted; $1200 per annum.-.
Philip M. Belton, assistant weigher No. . 7,
class 1. transferred, to M clerk 4. class 1', vice
Edgar M. Dean, transferred; $1200 per annum.
A. Dumas Jones, assistant weigher No. 4,
class E, to be assistant weigher No. 7, class 1,
vice Philip M. Belton, transferred; $1200 per
annum. ¦ . .
• Customs Collector Stratton announced
yesterday that he had promoted Charles
H." Blinn. clerk 8, class 4, to be clerk 4,
class 5 (new office), at a salary of $2500 per
annum. Blinn will perform the duties of
adjuster of duties, the position formerly
held by Harlow White, deceased, at $3000
per annum. The following promotions
were also announced: .
tion and Several Other Promo
tions Are Made.
Frank Cusbing Takes Blinn's Posi-
COLONEL BLnra GETS
HAKLOW WHITE'S PLACE
It is proposed ta spend from. 1 $25,000,003
to $50,000,000 of the needed working capital
in improving a number of the subsidiary
companies, which before the consolidation
were in constant competition. Of the net
earnings, sinking funds on bonds and de
preciation and reserve funds claimed $15,
399,695, interest $15,200,000 and dividends
$56,017,763, while the undivided earnings
were $24,449,717. T !
The meeting of the stockholders to pass
upon the conversion scheme will be held
at Jersey City.
April. 1901. 57,356.744; May, $9,612,349; June,
$9,394,747; July, $9,580,151; August, $9,110,S80;
September, J9.272.sl2; October, $12,Jn/o,774;
November. $9,795,841; " December, $7 ,758,298;
January, 1902, $8,901,016; February, $7,€76,
583; March (estimated), $9,700,0D0; total net
earnings, $111,067,195.
The statement of net earnings showed
that the record by months was as follows:
The directors voted the usual dividends
at the rate of 7 per cent on the preferred
stock and 4 per cent on the common stock.
NE^V YORK, April 1>-The directors of
the United States Steel Corporation, in
quarterly meeting here to-day, gave for
mal approval to the conversion plan un
der which it Is proposed to retire pre
fered stock to the amount of $200,000,000,
upon which dividends are paid at the rate
of 7, per cent per annum, and issue bonds
to a total of $250,000,000, with interest fixed
at 5 per cent. . ,
There is considerable agitation in the
camps of the Army and Navy Republican
League touching the election of a com
mander in chief. Major Andrew G. Myers
of Fort Jones, Siskiyou County, vice com
mander, succeeded to actual command of
the forces when General W. H. Seamans
passed away. Myers immediately blocked
the game of converting the league into a
Gage reinforcement. Some of the veter
ans fancied that he would issue an order
calling for an early election of a com
ir.ar.der in chief, but reposing faith in his
own judgment and skill he has decided to
defer the election until late in the cam
paign. He left the city for Fort Jones
yesterday and headquarters will be in Sis
kiyou County until the autumn leaves falL
The Gage programme for the judicial
ticket has been recently revised. In the
revision Judge Sweeny of Shasta was cut
out. The new deal provides that one can
didate for Associate Justice shall come
from San Francisco and the other from
Southern California. Van Fleet Is said to
be slated for this end.
Judicial Ticket Revised.
The intelligence that Tirey L.. Ford will
not be a canaidate for another term in the
cilice of Attorney General engages the at
tention of Republican leaders. Senator
John F. Davis of Amador is being urged
by his friends to .get in the race for the
nomination. The argument is advanced
that the name of Davis for Attorney Gen
eral would add strength to the ticket.
Judge John F. Ellison of Tehama, Alden
Anoerson of Solano and Colonel E. A.
Forbes of Yuba were in the city yester
day. Governor Gage. John Mackenzie and
Daniel Kevane were at the Palace Jast
evening. r * .
There is some trouble in the Gage camp,
caused by the definite knowledge that
Harbor Commissioner Kilpatrick will not
combine with Mackenzie to appropriate
Paris Kilburn's share of water-front
spoils to the Burns-Herrin push.
Grief in the Gage Camp.
From Yuba County comes the political
gossip that Banker Hideout of Marysville
is surveying the Senatorial field to ascer
xain if there are many weak places in the
Ferkins fences. It is said that he would
like to represent California In the United
States -Senate. He has been sounding
some of the party leaders in his region
to find the depth of feeling for Perkins.
Mr. Rideout Is a man of ample means and
many of the politicians would hail witft
special delight an authentic announce
ment that he proposes to enliven the Sen
atorial campaign. The prospect, of a walk
over for Perkins is not such a picture as
the average legislator enjoys.
Directors Approve the Retire
ment of Preferred
Governor Loses His Grip on
Republican Army and
Navy League.
Steel Trust Gives State
ment of Amazing^H
Profits. Si:
Kirkpatrick Refuses to
Accept Water-Front
Programme. .
EARNINGS RAGE
INTO MILLIONS
GAGEITES HAVE
NEW GRIEVANCE
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDKESDAY, APRIL 2, 1902.
Fallsj of Halladale Arrives.
The British ship Falls of Halladale haa ar.
rived at Queenstown with her steerin? rear
damaged. The Halladale was on March 5 sup
plied with provision* by the steamship S>ch;a.
The^bar lightship ': No.'i 70 came ' In from her
moorings yesterday _i for " her ;• periodical - over
hauling. -During: her, absence from her station
a gas buoy Will be. . , maintained at , No. 70' 8
moorings. . .' .j - . - ; -•¦-• -. :¦"¦¦• ".;. , .'. •¦, /
C
9
"Uy linking spells have left me, my
head elves me no trouble now. the kid-
nefi are greatly improved, and, in fact, I
ff el a great change in my whole body. It
Is such a comfort to be well again.
"I know a physician In San Antonio who
had become so nervous from the use of
toffee that his hand trembled so badly
that he could net hold a lancet, or even
take a splinter out. and could scarcely
liold anything in his hand. Finally he
*iuit coffee and began using Postum. Now
the doctor's nervousness is all gone and
£fc is in good health." Name given by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich. . •
"About six months ago I gave up coffee
for good and began using Postum. I in-
sisted on knowing that It was properly
made by being sufficiently boiled, and I
Prefer a cup of rich Postum to Java,
Mocha <-ir any other coffee.
"I am 61 years old and for a great many
years have been a coffee drinker. My
nrrves finally got Into a terrible condition
end for about two years I suffered with
linking spoils and was so nervous-that it
seemed as though I could hardly live. I
suffered untold agonies. My heart would
step and my kidneys gave me no end of
trouble.
"I was compelled to drink some Java
coffee yesterday morning and suffered so
much from its effects that I feel like writ-
ing you at once.
Bobbed the Doctor of His Cunning.
COFFEE TOOK IT.
POSTUM CEKEAL.
0 ""¦'¦'¦¦'•¦¦:. .••...-"¦¦.- - •¦.".• i.- ¦: " "¦ .-¦> - •- :.-<;• --' ¦ . r.r -.-r.~ ..'•¦'¦¦: ¦•;-.- . . ;¦ :._..¦¦ '•¦-'-•.-..-.-.• ~ ¦-.-.-- T. •¦'..'.— ". ¦¦---_---. -_......_ . - : .... ... .^ -...,..,„/¦--:.,•._-.. -. ....... , . * . a
1 1 AiKlriiffiD' W
?! 50 CENTS TO ALL "GALL" READERS !!
I! The Great 20th Gentury Cook Book, i [
|| o~ — — ~-~~^^^.......^^^., v .......... .,,,„,,.„, ,,,,.,..^ E , , , ,.,|--||
| | ;• ¦- ¦ -2J- 1L1 _2^ | -If--' ;: '' :^ |||^ | j* ; - '¦'•' .-¦::¦--:•:¦ -- ¦¦¦¦ - : >>.- ¦¦•¦'•¦¦ ¦¦}¦¦¦¦:¦':¦.--,: ¦¦:-\ v^^iij-^J- . : y.; ;f . ••
% I o, ,,,,,, ,,,,,,,, TT,,, .,.„,,„,,,..... ¦,¦¦;¦¦¦¦¦„;./¦ ;-^^- — -o • •
% g ° — — — —~ — — - — -:;.;¦..,.¦ ..,..,, ...„ ••¦,..¦¦• , ¦¦ .;• ¦¦¦¦. ,,/:- ;: . ,.,,¦¦.,.:,.,;-,.-, ¦¦,..¦;,-. „..,, ¦.;,•:.,,,-.. ..... • © - it
g g This. book contains 576 large octavo pages, illustratedwtli fine engravings. | g
| g It is printed paper, sub- • §
| • j stantially and durably bound. gg
if WATERPROOF WH^ 1 1
g e9e©OOO©OOOO©OO©a©O®O©O©©OO©©©©OO9O©OO©©O3©COOe9©»©@©©©OCG€>©OO®©OaOO«©©0©O©O©©O©O©OOO©©OOO9O©O©O©OO©O©OOOOO©©§ SV THE>S AN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ APRIL 2, 1902.
10
LOST AJTI> FOTOTO.
LOST — Sunday, on Market at, gentleman's
fob; name on back; reward. F. A. BUR-
. DEN. 1106 Van Neas ave. -..-¦-
LOST— Gold breastpin. 8et with pearls. Re-
turn-to 853 Greenwich at.; reward.
$50— LOST on leaving ateam cara at CI1C
House Sunday afternoon, a diamond stud.
Return to M. H.. 2134 O'Farrell at., and re-
ceive reward. , . . .
LOST— Cocker, apaniel dog. black, white line
on breaat: Ug number 4057. Return to P. E.
IIASLETT, 229S Baker at. ; reward.
LOST— Silver beaded purse containing letter
with addresa. Reward at 523 Market st.
LOST — Black spitz dog. with white breast; an-
swers to Gyp. Reward at 683 McAllister st.
LOST — Black greyhound bitch puppy. 3 months
old. from the Mission; reward. 2981 24th st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
A DR O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
Ut. Ladies all who are sick or in trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected- the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
-have relieved thousands of moat obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W." Q" DON-
NELL, office '& residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal Vnlversity,
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladles befors
-and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment. $15; room and board. $5 week ; Infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private resi-
dence, 606 Guerrero St.. nr. ISth; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WY.ETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O Farrell. near Taylor.
LADIES conault the original MP.S. DAVIK3
at the old office, 1228, Market st. : 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 006 Market st.. op. 4th: fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low feea.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1120 Market at.. S. F.
DR. ROSEN, ladles* reliable and alncere spe-
ciaMst. 1007% Market: avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton at., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
>l I SCELL A M EOU JU—FOR S ALg.^
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
85 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
boiler complete « $300
40 b. p. Heine safety tube boiler ISO
40 h. p. Atlas engine .................. 225
SOxS feet return tubular boiler. ISO
48x16 return tubular boiler 33O
8 h. p. upright boiler 75
10,000 feet water pipe, all sizes; belting tilt
yon caflq rest. H. S. WHITE, 130-133 Be ale.
A — BUYS, sells or renta gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st,
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
' CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at-
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for aale for $63. Port-
Jand Loan Office, 25 Stockton at.
BLACK and tan pups cheap. F. VICTOR. 9
Rltch at., in rear.
$10 DOMESTIC sewing machine in good order.
1571 Market St., near Twelfth.
ZITHER, new. 42 strings, F. Schwarzer's; coat
$143: for sale. $50. 655, Pine st. R. Banska.
EARGAIN — 2 good bicycles, oak bedroom set.
chairs, tables and kitchen nten. 874 Howard.
FOR aecond-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
FROM 5000 to 10.C00 feet of 3 and 3% inch
pipe. E. RILEY. 109 Vallejo st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1ST-CLASS 2d-harfd modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
BOATS,^launches, rowheats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on aecond-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER, & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns new and 2d-hand moving plc-
turea. BULLARD ABRECK. 131 Post at.,
NEW Home and Domestic sewins machine t7
. good order;- complete; cheap. 1915 Mission. '
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale at. ...
SAFES — New and aecond hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
W SCKI.I .AX KOl'S WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st-: phone Bush 484.
WANTED — A good upright piano; must be>
very cheap for cash. Address Upright, box
4610, Call office.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
skins; send postal; will call. Box 4337. Cail.
Wanted^ — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWks.,418Turk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2851.
__ h**£*2-r. -
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bd»
.'\$4.50O,0OO at Lowest Rates.. .......
On First and Second Mortgages..^....
On Life Interests in Estates........
Property Being Held in Trust ,
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF. YOU NEED MONEY.. '...
See HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,C0O at 54 and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
aecond mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans* on unsettled estates, undivided in-
¦ terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above- securities. Manhattan Loan Co.,
Tel. Red 5024: 7th floor, Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages.......;....
Undivided interest in real estate in probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
.... R. McCOLGAN. .. . . .: . ; .: .; ...
24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
aecond and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 10,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary at.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds,- Jewelry.' at
lowest rates." Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
Soweat. rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
I 26 Montgomery at., room 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortgs. R. J. Mercer & Son, 412 Pine.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no -removal; -any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 3tf.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to aalaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; .no removal; money-
¦ quick: lowest lntereat: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.- by private
party; no removal: no commission: conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianoa,
¦ •furniture, etc., at 2% without removal; no
brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com. ;. prlvato
party. St. Ann's bldg., a Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates: piano*
& furniture; no removal. Garthels, 203 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month'oTveacti
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. 1.
Money loaned aalaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc, 431 Calif drnia.
CASH loaned aalaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% OX furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone ( Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
. strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
- buy It. . A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome at.
LOANS money, on salary: no indoraer; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 3C9 Phelan bldg.
_ • BIOXEY WANTED.
YOUNG man with good enterprise wlshea t»
borrow money; good reference*. Boa 4881.
. Call office,
¦
.^HELF WANTED MALE--C8B. . •
MURRAY. & READY ........ Phone Main 5S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
634-638 Clay St.
Office Open 7 a. m. <¦
FOR NEVADA
State of Nevada. -Free fare
. • 500 Railroad Men. ._¦¦ ¦
Gang of teamsters ..' Gang of drlliera
Gang of Iaborersr. . . : Gang of rockmen
Extra gang Section gang
Wages $2 to $3 50 per day
Free fare Ship morn' and night
.Blacksmith, country shop "5*0
10 carpenters, country Jobs, 8 hours. $3 50 day
Wagon maker, steady Job, camp $3 day
3 carriage painters; 2 wagon . and carriage
blacksmiths: bench hand, city .Job; wqod-
/worker. carriage shop; 3 miners, north, $¦<>;
/ 4 muckers, $U0; 5 laborers, mine, $42 per
' month £ffld board; 10 laborers, near city, SCO;
10 laborers, city, $1 75 day; 15 teamsters.
city, $1 75 day; pilot for a bay launch, steady
Job, $45 and found; stableman, country
stable, $35 and found; stableman, city; buggy
washer, $60; stableman, dairy stable, $27 M
and found.
.FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC. . -
15 farm hands for orchard. $26 and $30; 22 I
farmers, vlneyard, # $26 and fiO; S ranch
teamsters, (30; choreman, make a little but-
ter, private place. $'25 and found; choreman,
ranch, $30; 17 "choremen, other Jobs, $15 to
-$30 and found;, 22 chore boys and boys for
factory, city and country; 2 grafters for
vineyard; gardener, private place; boy to help
on milk wagon, city, $15 to $20 and found:
German-Swiss milker, fare paid, $35 anl
found; 10 milkers, other - Jobs, $25 to $05
and found. .,."-•.
TEAMSTERS
IS 2- horse. teamsters, near city. .$27 60 and fd
450 woodchoppers and tlemakera, redwood
. SOc, pine $1 25, hardwood $1 50, ties 10c each.
Farmer and wife, see boss here.. $40 and fd
HOTELS, ETC
Cook, country hotel, $75 ana found; 17 cooks,
other places; IS waiters; head waiter, $35;
10 kitchen hands. $20 to $35 and found; 3
bell boys; 4 elevator boys: baker, country
shop-, . $40; baker's helper, $30; hundreds of
other positions; call and read our bulletin
board.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED
Experienced operators on men's fine shoes;
skivers, vampers, stitchers, - folders; good
wages; steady employment.
Apply ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO.,
134 Main st.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man as partner to
attend cash counter in restaurant: guaranteed
$75 per month. Apply K. KENNY. 73 Third.
ERRAND boy. bet. 0 and 10 a. m. F. GOOD-
BAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st.
- u • ,
BOY in tin shop to learn trade. B33 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED cashier.* Myrtle Bakery, 204
Sixth st. ; call before 0 a. m.
WANTED— A young cake baker at HAL.KEN-
BERG'S. 12C5 Polk st. •
WANTED — First-class night cashier. S Apply
Cal. Dairy Kitchen. 761-703 Market St.
WANTED — Good second cook: call' early. 105
California Market, California Restaurant.
GOOD barber; union man; wages $S and board.
Corner San Jose ave. and Thirtieth st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cheap if sold
"at once. 2308 Howard st. '
WANTED— Good cook to take full charge of
good paying restaurant; 4 tables, 20 chairs, i
long counter and 12 stools; must have $250
cash. Particulars P. S. de LUCA, 318
Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on coats wanted; good
wages; steady Job. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
27 Geary st.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men 'and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadsworth, Nev.; wages.*$2'per day;
- board, $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 20 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not ever 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further ' Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. -
MEN to learn barber \ trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires S weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st. '
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with
\some cash: S17. week: steady, place; no expe-
Hence necessary. BROWN. 1221. Market st.
BARBER wanted — Must be a first-class work-
nfcin; state wages, with board. C. JORDAN,
- St. Helena. Cal. ¦
OPERATOR wanted on coats at 2S21 Green-
wich st.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD.
624 Markt. ; oast com. Watterson Pont.G.A.R.
BARBERS— 3 Archer barber chairs for sale.
Apply 325 Grant ave. _•
WANTED — 2 good shoemakers on repairing at
- once. 74!) Mj«.«lon st.
GOOD bushelman. SUMMERFIELD &
ROMAN, cor. Fifth and Market sU.
BARBERS, good four-chair shop; central loca-
tion. DECKELMAN BROS.. 100 Ellis st.
BARBER shop for sale. 1S1 Minna St.; boss is
sick. . -. .
100 MEN for steamers going north; must be
over 21. _ At HERMAN'S. 2fl Steuart st.
SAILORS — Green ¦ hands , for all parts of the
world. Apply at agents, 213 Broadway.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.'
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
' big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WANTF.D — A boy about 10 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.', 24 Sinter.
WANTED — 50 men to .take lodging In Catn-
. bridge House, 543 Howard; changed hands.
SCO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 20 Steuart St. -
OETyour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
-. subscriptions . has been established at 10UU
Valencia st. ¦ ' ' *
HORSES AND WAC.O5S.
NOW HERE. ? ™ "~~~~
20 horsos from 1100 to 1700 lbs; 1 Electioneer
by Don Marven; three by Nutwood Boy,
record 2:22: also 1 Norman stallion. SUL-
LIVAN'S Hay Barn. Mission* road, above
Courtland ave. * .
A I.OT o" horses- for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons.
. harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. . JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. .
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well-l rvken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
¦Ing horses of all.* grades.', sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
SAN- Francisco Veterinary College.' Fourth ses-
' : 8»on begins June 01 Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 5iO Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa salesyard— Just arrived.
' several fine road and business horses, new
bugglen and harness. 1430 Market, cor. 11 th.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey, harness. work, driving horses, 15th& Valencia
AN A No.,1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent, to any • address in the
/-. United States * or ¦ Canada one year for $L-
¦* postage paid. ' ¦
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
G.H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GOUGH, 1120, near O'Farrell— Eight rooms;
newly painted. UMBSEN & CO. 14 Mont-
gemery st. .: ¦
HOUSES TO LET — FURX1SUE1).
A— FURNISHED residences and fiats in all
parts of the city, $30 to $350; call to see us;
; we can suit you." , SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
FURNISHED . house 8-rooms and bath: rent
¦ $20; furniture for sale cheap to tenant. 672
Harrison si. ... . - •.
HO USKS FOK SALE. :]'
NEW house. 7 rooms; sun all day; fine, real-
J: dence , district; Portola • St.. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelrer. QEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
IYVESTMEXTS. ,
IF you have = money to Invest let - THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY,' 137 Montgomery gt..
S. F.. know it. Call or write for particulars.
~A — SEE the elegant new ; flats - on Washington
' Bt.,- near Lyon; ,7 rooms, .bath, marine view.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market at. -v ¦•
A— BRAND new flats, 4 to 8 rooms; 539 to 547
Frederick stl SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A — CALL ! and see us for new flats, cozy cot-
tages, houses. SPECK & CO., 607 Market at.
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 8-
room flat; all rooma with bay window* open-
ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
v. Hall on Halght-st. cara. 47 Portola at.," cor-
ner Duboc« i Park, first ¦ corner . west from
Btelner and Waller sta. : ' . .' , "-. •;
FOR rent— 2615-2617 Devlsadero St., 2 ' hand-
some new .flats; upper 11 rooms and 2 baths,
I .rent $75; -lower. 9 rooms and bath, rent $00;
' separate entrances; : marine view. LYON &
HOAG. 114 Montgomery at. :.
ELEGANT new .flats; .low rent; 755-767 Sixth
ave.; McAllister, Geary; Sacramento and Sut-
ter st. cars to door. SPECK &CO., 667
Market at. .
CALIFORNIA, 2310%. near Webster— 7 rooms
and bath; rent ' reasonable • G. H. UMBSEN
& CO. . ;¦¦ - ¦ ¦¦ .-¦¦.¦¦-¦- ;'. ¦ - . --
NICE- co«y v flat of ' 4 ¦ rooms ; stationary wash-
, tubs and bath; $18. 1181 A Howard st.
$25 — MODERN flat of 6 sunny rooms. 2719
Pine st.. pear Devlsadero. :. "
FLAT* TO LKT—^lilin.N 13HKO.
SUN- all day; nicely furnished six-room mod-
'crn upper flat; no small: children; call be-
tween 2 and "y or 7 to 8 p." m. ; references.
¦4159 Twentieths. • - ' ¦¦:.--.
FURNISHED 7-rdom flat for sale. I 413 Ellis
St.; no dealers. .' :> v. .... _¦>„.-, - -. ¦
COMPLETELY ' furnished ' flat .i of .• \T rooms ;
piano. 1530 Grove Bt.; call bet. 4 and 5 p. m.
FlXAKglTAL^
PACIFIC UndeHk-iting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new /method of
I placing - stocks and bonds ; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated .and financed: stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Post
- • FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE /WANTED.
BIG price paid' for furniture for 60 daya; special
reasons. .WAUGH, r. 415. ' Examiner bldg.
A WOLLPERT.* 773 Mission St.. pays highest
' price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
£7^^BL^clT^u^dTglweTbesTin* the world;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — .FEMALE.
AT C. R, HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ~
30 waitresses,' springs .....'.: $20
3 waitresses, Arizona, free fare .'...$25
Waitresses, summer resort, free fare .$20
50 waitresses, city and country hotels. $20-$30
'Chambermaids to wait, city and country.. $20
Laundress, country hotel: ...$25
Chambermaid, same place. $20
Chambermaid, first-class country "hotel... .$20
4 straight chambermaids, city hotels .......
$17 50-$18
. . . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, . Berkeley, American 'family, choice
place, see party. here, $30; houseglrl. Belve-
dere, $25. see party here; housegirl, San Ma-
teo, $20; housegirl, nice family, country, $15;
others : . . :
C. R. HANSEN & CO. :..1O4 Geary st.
(Will remove to 429 Bush St., April 3, 1902.)
WANTED — Flrst-class German cook. $35;
French cook, $30, no washing; cook for res-
taurant, $30, $40: German nurse, $20; 8 sec-
ond girls, $20, $25; 2 German second girls,
$25; 8 cooks, plain wash, $30; 16 girls, gen-
eral housework, $25; 14 girls, general house-
work, short distance country. $25; flrst-class
chambermaid and seamstress, $25; 4 wait-
resses, country hotels. $25; 8 waitresses, city
family hotels, $20; chambermaid and wait-
ress, country resort, $25; 6 waitresses, city
restaurants, $7, $8 per week.tand $25 month;
pantry girls, also dining-room girl for Insti-
tution, country. $20 each; girl to assist in
delicatessen, $20. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter et. _.
A — HOTEL housekeeper, first-class commercial
hotel. $30. MRS. M. E. DAY, & CO., 335
Geary st. -. ¦
SECOND girl for two in family, 'very choice
place, $25. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
. Geary at. - . •. , .
MARTHA MORITZ and friend please call at
once. MRS. M. E;: DAY & CO... 335 Geary.
WANTED '— '¦ — 1 1 —
. Experienced operators on men' a fine shoes;
akivers, vampers, stitchers, folders; good
wages; steady employment.
Apply ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO.,
'134 -Main st.
WANTED — Experienced ealesladles to aeUin-
: fants', children's and ladles' underwear; no
- others need apply. Call between 4 and 6
p. m. I. MAGNIN & CO.,' 43-53 Ellis at.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit altera-
tion hand. - Apply, between 8 and 11 ' a. m.
at HALE BROS'. . ¦ ,,
, WANTED — Experienced examlnera on t shirts;
'¦ Also girls to fold; paid by the day. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery at.
EXPERIENCED operatora on golf and neg-
ligee fronts: highest prices paid. D. • C.
IIEGER. 723 Market St.
GIRL for general housework; small flat: 3
! adults; $15. 811 Devisadero at., near Mc-
Allister. ' ¦¦ ¦ , .; •
WHOLESALE house desires services of self-
reliant woman of pleasing addresa for. a po-
sition of trust. Box 4633. Call office. ....
WANTED — Immediately, flrst-class millinery
saleslady. SAHLEIN'S Millinery, 873 Mar-
ket «.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience jjot neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
. at, MR. DAVIS.
LAUNDRESS to do family washing at her
own home. Box 4649, Call office. ¦
WANTED— Competent girl for housework* and
cooking, $20. Apply. mornings.' 1022 Baker.
GOOD maker, wanted In millinery store at 692
" McAllister st. - ¦ ;¦--¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦;¦-, -
YOUNG girl to assist -in houseworkt 3 adults;
V references. Apply 2117 Hyde st:. 10 to 2. . .
TAILORESS;. wanted.- flrst-class, on fine coats;
- permanent. 410 Kearny st, room 29. .
OPERATOR . wanted on custom coats. 40 El-
lis, st., room 64. ,/.-.- ; 1 ; • . '
FRENCH-SPEAKING dry goods saleslady
wanted. * Box 4648, Call office.
GIRL to help with child and light work; can
¦ sleep homo. 1G09 Grove st; '. /
OPERATORS on shirt waists;- steady ¦ work;
I good pay. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome.
GIHLS-ahout 1G years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
' CO., 32 % Fremont St., MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Talloress to help on pants and
; vests. 439 Bush st.' *{ « '
YOUNG girl to ¦ assist j wlth 1^ housework small .
I family; call mornings. 1419 Buchanan st. .
YOUNG girl to assist in taking, care of in-
; f ant. Call 2414 Webster st. y •
FIRST-CLASS waist and ' skirt hands wanted.
121 T,o£t ct., room 32. ¦ . ¦
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking; paid
while learning. 14 Grant avo., . room 64.
GIRL for general housework. 1124 Greenwich
St., near Hyde.
I WANT intelligent lady over 29 for office po-
• sitlon. ' 13V Post' at., room 6, third -floor./ -.A
WANTED— Girl for -general houaework and
-.. plain cooking; small family. 3823 Nineteenth.
FIRST-CLASS . button-hole maker wanted;"
wages $12 to $14 week. :. 509 Kearny. . r." 2. -
WANTED — A girl to. do aecond work and as-
. elf t with baby. Call 116 Broderlck at.
APPRENTICE girls on coats; paid while learn-
lng. 1020B Folsomst. ".-¦• . .. '.. > "•. -.. :-'
EXPERIENCED waltresa; also , bright, active
¦'girl to learn. '725 Market at.
WANTED-^-A flrst-class waitress and chamber-
s-maid; references; 9-12 and 4-6. .-1718 Pine st."
WANTED — Yoiing girl . for.' housework,- plain
'; cooking. 1315 Devleadero . st. ; wages ; $20. ; .
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
'¦•: at..- MR." DAVIS.'L ¦.->:¦¦-¦--;¦,»
EXPERIENCED operatora on ladles' wash
-, oversklrts. : 656 Mission St., third floor. ;, ,.»;
EXPERIENCED (operators i on ladies' ? under-
wear. 650 Mlsalon at." third floor. ¦..-<
150 OPERATORS ; to take work home on chll-
'¦' dren'a wear. , 650 Mission ; at.-, ; third floor.
GIRLS . to f run - sewing " machines ; ¦ paid while
- learning. r« 656 ; Mlaalon at.; • third ¦ floor.
OPERATORS to ';¦ take work ¦'¦ home on ' ladies'
; aklrta. 650 Mlsalon at., > third floor. ¦ • „ . •
WANTED— Waltreas. or r girl 3 to ; learn ' to j wait
:¦;-. table/ reataurant. 52 Eighth Bt.. • nr.* Mission.'
GIRLS, 14 ¦ to ¦ 17, : for factory i work ; apply at
onbe. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento at.
.-.; /. . ¦;,-., . / ; . ¦;-. . ... = • . ,
nELI> .WANTED- inSMAIjK-— ¦Co»i: : -j-
WANTED— Respectable Protestant girl or wo-'
man* of >. middle i^ge,' competent to ¦ do house-
work and cooking-ln family of two aged peo-
, pie, short distance In country; a good and
* permanent home;: wages $ 10 to $12 month.
P. O. box 62,;Centervllle. Alameda Co.. Cau-
WANTED — 3 girls to leatrn hairdresslng, maa-
sage, manicure, switch, wig making. In 2 j
wks.; take charge of private customers; as-
eured $50 per mo.; course $5; day, eve. class;
bring ad;worth $1. College.233 Geary, r.13-15.
GIRLS about 1G years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LE VI ' STRAUSS &
CO., : 32% Fremonf St.; MR. DAVIS. ?.*:,?-:¦¦_
EXPERIENCED hands Ton ladies' silk waists;
work ; good pay. ' S. F. Mfg. Co.,
,623 st. ' ¦*¦ ' ¦ '¦ " ¦ '
WANTED — First-class elrl to do upstairs work
. .and wait at table. Call with city references,
, 1521 Butter; st. •-
WANTED— A refined girl, speaking German, to
assist in taking care of a child. Apply 2930
• Sacramento st. • • .. ¦ - --'¦ '-; j
FINISHERS on coats , and pants, steady work
guaranteed. . BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. . \ •-'.¦'¦ ¦¦
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 841
Market st. . ; ¦ -
At PaciflcHairdressingCoIlege.Mvrphy bld.,r.94;
halrdresslng.massage.manicuring, wlgs.switch.
etc. ;course,$5;2 - wks;posltion secured ;day;e\e.
V.' ANTED— Experienced apprentice on vests;
paid while learning. ,504 Eddy st. ..-. ¦.
GIRL for general housework and ¦ plain cook-
• Ing In small German family. 1414 O Farreli.
WANTED — Neat girl to assist in housework;
¦ small family. 1044 Shotweil st.. near 25th.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 418 .
Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth. _- |
CHAMBERMAID wanted at the Manhattan
House, 825 Battery st. -- ¦ ¦_¦¦.
YOUNG woman for .light housekeeping; fl2
month. Call or address, 710 Lombard st.'
EXPERIENCED operators . on. ladles' si:k
waists. - 656 Mission St.. third floor.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders 'and : apprentice
wanted. BUSWELL CO.; 530 Clay st.
GIRL for light houseworks good home; small
family. 023 Halght st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. Ml Market st.
TYPEWRITING taught, $5 full course; short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 027 Market, r. 30a
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st. ' .- ' .
HELP WAVl'iaH — MALE.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO'S 104 Geary st.
....New Railroad Work.. Free Fare
...¦ .-.For Nevada'...."
For Nevada .:... •¦•
For Nevada .;.......
Free Fare.... ; Free Fare
COO teamsters Xj £2 a day
600 laborers • ? 2 a dav
100 rockmen $2 and increase
' 60 wheeler leaders i... $2 25 a day
60 plowholders $2 25 a day .
20 stone masons^, ./c $4 a day "
60 masons' helpers... .....$2 a day
4 steam shovel engineers $125 and found j
6 crane men 500 and found.
For Chatsworth Park :...."'
• s . . Big Tunnel V. ... I
100 tunnel men $2, |2 CO and $3 a day
60 laborers, outside work .$1 75 a day
..........Fee $1...: Fee $1.77
Free Fare Ship Daily.. Free Faro
....Ship Night and Morning
Free Fare..... Free Fare
10 laborers for an extra gang.. $1 70 per day
Free fasp. Ship to-day \Free faie
Ha rnes*> maker for railroad camp fh Nevada.
$40 and found, free fare »
20 ranch teamsters, farmers, choremen and
others, $20 to $30; milkers, $30 and found.
.. ... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
French second cook, city. $80; 6 , second
cooks, restaurants, city, $40 to $00; 20 wait- j
ers.^city and country, $25 to $45; 20 dish- \
washers, kitchen hands and vegetable men. j
$20 to $30; omnibuses, bell boys and others,
tl2,to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 »
G<.-ary st. • • ~ . - j
Will remove to new and more commodious j
offices at 420 Bush St., opposite California
Hotol. April 3. 1002. • ¦•_
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... ..10t Geary st.
Special
Gang of railroad . laborers for company work
• in California, free fare, ship to-day. ,
C. R.' HANSEN & CO.- . 104 Geary st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
69 Third St., near Call bide.: phone Bush 403.
RAILROAD LAPORERS ..........
. .FREE FARE.. ....FREE FARE......
600 teamsters^ .$2 to $2 50 per day
Gang of laborers...*...". ..$2 to $2 23 per day
I Shi? Dally
...ENTIRE SAWMILL CREW '..'
: 25 sawmill and woods men for, the north,
$26 to $G5 per month and board, ship to-day.
... :..- FARE ADVANCED.
12 pick and shovel men, near city, steady, $2 >
per day.. ........;......... |
10 laborers, quarry .'.$2 per day |
15 ranch hands .....$20 to $30 per month
Milkers and ulowman.. .§30 to $40 per. month
• Laundryman, city hotel $25 and found
Camp waiter, near city $20 and board
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st. . .
2 . CARRIAGE painters, $2 50 to $3 60 day;
• carriage" wood worker, $3 to $4 day; car-,
rlage blacksmiths and carriage blacksmith i
helper: 2 bench hands and Jobbing carpen-
. teis, $3 50 day; car builders; Iron moldcr; <
core maker: boys to learn machinist trade;
. washer" and polisher, $15 week; 4 miners, j
$2 SO to $2 75 day: edgerman. $70. and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 028 Sacra-
. rnento st. . ¦ ¦
MAN and wife, private family, country;
farmer and wife, $45; man and wife, city.
$40; coachman, '$30 to $35 and found; 2 ranch
teamsters, $30, and found; 5 milkers, $30 and
found ; ' stableman for country. $30 and board ;
16 railroad laborers, teamsters and drillers,
$2 to $2 25 day, free fare; 10 woodchoppers,
80c to $1 25 cord, and others. J. F. CRO-
'SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton et.— 2 farm
hands to handle- two- horse teams, ' fconomn
Co., $25 and found; one man for r>lek and
shovel worit, country. $1 a day and "found;
( plain gardener on a ranch, $30 and fd.,: etc.
ANDRE'S Of ttce, 316 Stockton St.— Night cook.
$00; second cook, *05; hotel cook, $50; pot-
washer for hotel, ?27 CO and room: 2 dish-
washers, $25 and $30; buggy washer, $G0;
¦ gardener, country, $30; Frenchman for nur-
; sery, $20 to $25. etc. - ' -
ANDRE'S Office, j 316 Stockton at. — Carriage
painters, ' carriage woodworkers, carriage^
blacksmiths and helpers for factory, coun-'
. try; best wages paid, according to ability;
correspondence solicited. ' --;•--¦
A HEAD waiter, first-clas.3 commercial hotel,
$40; pantry man, city hotel, $30: middle-
aged man to work around garden, resort, $10
and found. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st.
AN experienced carbonater as. foreman for
¦ bottling works, $65; also laborer, same place,
$1 60 day. MRS. M. E. DAY - & CO.. 335
' Geary st. ,. ... ¦' . ; -.¦¦¦.,.. .
RELIABLE experienced man for wine house;
. understands tending' bar and selling indoors;
. only, ono with ;. recommendafcle . references
need apply;; German-speaking preferred.". 13
City Hall square. '• • ~~ .,
WANTED— Grocery warehouse man ; I must be
- an able-bodied : man, understanding • the gro-
¦ eery business. "Answer, giving experience and
/references/box 4664, Call office. -
.WANTED-^teady man to take care of : cash
counter In' restaurant: clears $50 per month:
rent $12; must have $125 for investment. 257
Fourth, corner, Folsom; will give particulars.
ELDERLY •¦ man, sober and honest, as night j
clerk: $15 month and room; no board^goodj
steady place for. right party /state age. Box |
4634, Call office.
WANTED— A steady man with $125 for a plain i
every day. business that will, pay -about $70 I
¦ per month; steady place: experience not re-!
quired. Apply 1016 Market st.; room 10.
WANTED— Steady man as partner with $150; |
must be satisfied with $18 to $20 a week; no |
night or Sunday work. .30 Geary St., room 1. j
MAN that will loan $200 to learn barber's
- trade; board, room and' tools furnished. Box
4640. # Call office.
• BARBER for ¦ short ' hours evenings. . 708 Me- !
. Alllster. st. ..;¦-¦¦-. .-;..'- ':¦
¦ ¦ .. ¦ • 7 ~ ¦ -¦ V • ~ -¦ .- — \ • :.•.:--_. ..:
ALL" around bell boy. • 29 Stockton st. "
A' FIRST-CLASS barber wants Job for Satur-
-: day and Sunday." ' Box 4632, Call office.
BOY for office work; age about 10. Apply box
4C51. Call office. . -- — >'¦-¦
STATE and U. S: vol. - soldiers entitled to extra
. : pay. Call at 630 Market st. O. E. HOWE.
FRENCH speaking dry goods salesman wanted."
. Box 4«4S, i Call of flee. . :.,•,/.
GOOD press ; boy , wanted , immediately. . 'Apply
.The Payne Art and Printing Co.. 836 Howard.
YOUNG man with ¦ some experience In ¦ grocery ;
¦, references. *; Box 4646, Call office;. j
WANTED— Elderly man to milk 10 to 12 cows.
: i,',6C50 Shattuck ave.; Oakland. ;.;•¦¦.«.-
WANTED — Ten flrst-clase coatmakers. VAL^
' ENTINE, 347 Bush st.' ; ., '
WANTED— Dishwasher and waiter at 467 Va-
i . .;lencla"«t..'.' . K* >.':':'¦' ' . ..V -¦;.-¦.¦'. i\
WANTED— A good. tailor, for busheling at 625
; -.," Commercial st. ;.. ' ; . . •
A ; GOOD . tailor for ; busheling. : 827 - Sutter St.
near , Leavenworth. -- : •ZSgBstBBBBKHKBttBHm
i - .-.-'¦:¦.„ >,' / ¦ . . . ¦. .
I PPSIXESS CHANCES— Continue*.
JOSEPH STRAUB, •
850 Market st.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Arent. . < ¦
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. . - ' , ¦
> ' Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate -Business . f
. Agent.
ALL. kinds of real estate for sale and exchange;
lodging-houses, stores, restaurants, hotels,
saloons and many other business chances lor
sale. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st. -
FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10,000 inhabitants with monthly pay
loll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
¦will invoice $1700: good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165; Vallejo, Cal.
FOR sale — Restaurant, 11 Mason st.; to be sold
Wednesday April 2, to highest bidder.
Sealed bids, between 10 a. m. and 1 p. m.;
cause, sickness. ' ;
RESTAURANT and oyster house, cor. Sutter &
Devlsadero; rent $40; living rooms; selling on
account of sickness. Box 4545, Call < of nee.
A— $125 BUYS $250 cigar" stand; best location;
fine business. Call at 245 Third st. . ,
CIGAR stand — New stock; good business; price
$100. 204 East St.
SALOON and property for sale: Call at
CAMPE CO.. 221 Front st.
FOR sale— Good paying restaurant. 416 3d »t.;
living 'rooms; owner going north. ¦ '
FOR sale — $1200; grocery and' 'butcher com-
bined. Box 4C61. Call «of flee. '
CANDY store -and factory for sale at half its
value; bargain. 147 Sixth st.
CLASSIFIED .advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH otfice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions* has been established 'at 1096
Valencia 6t. ¦ , ¦
LODGTXG-HOUSES JFOR SAjLB.^
\ ANY of tfie following en monthly payments:
25 rooms; clears $125 ,. $1250
35 rooms; near Market; snap 2100
1U5 rooms; clears $450; r>nly 7000
¦r 30 rooms; clears $150; payments" 1500
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only. 375
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.'. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75; only .............. .150
s 40 rooms; clears $108 S00
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531, •
900 Market st.. cor. Ellis. . - ,
$500— S I ROOMS; clears $100; big transient
trade. RETSLOFF, 90C Market st. ¦ .:-
WINSTON & WOLF.'
1026 MARKET ST.— 1C26 MARKET ST.
¦ (Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms, rent $22, good furniture, only.:. $350
20 rooms, rent $50. Income $135 950
24 rooms, rent $55, central ». *650
38 rooms, rent $80, money-maker 2250
31 rooms, rent $100, just listed 2100
45 rooms, cheap rent, a- sacrifice '.....-2500
500 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211. '
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY./
£50 Market st — (IncO. .Phone Davis 281. *
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A, CAMERON & CO., •
- 850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A^ ~T- Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market — Some bargains:
$t>50 — 15 rooms; Market st. •
$375 — 19-rofKn house, Jackson st.
$20C — 7 rooms; rent $15.
$3000 — 30 rooms; and CO more houses.
Some good bargains. Only honest trade, t . ; >.'
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
N ATOM A. 217, two blocks from Call — 10 rooms,
neatly furnished: price $275; rent
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
" > >CaH.' l 10 pages, sent to. any address in the
United States or Canada one year foa^ $1. _ •
SyiRITUALISM. ~ ~
A — C.'V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium ; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun., S p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush 8t.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
lire reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.- •
SEANCES every Sun.. Wed.. Fri.v 10c; readings
daily. Prof. Holtm&n, ,Wrenn, 1382 Market.-
MADAME CAPELLE, dfar-seeing life reader.
122 Taylor St.. room 0. s
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seances Wed.
and Fri. eves. ; 5Cc. 325 Ellis st.
PROF. GEE, 8% G. G. ave.— Readings, 50c-$l;
$1 readings in circle Tues.Thurs.Frl.nlght.25c._
Mrs. Seal, spmtuai and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and ThurK
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYAXTa. \
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next> Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how i to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. ,Tel. Black 4560.
A — 50c and $1 ; PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist.- card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry; how to win man
or woman you love; mall SI; send date birth.,
lock hair. C questions. 100" V4 Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction . guar-
. anteed by mail; send stamp for' pamphlet,
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
1SMAR." the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful » clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE^ 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
qo.es. ; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
: advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St. .
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50c. 521 Vj Eddy.
A — Mrs. Melvlll,- wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader, has returned. 11 i 6th ; German spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st.. room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mail.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
. or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. gents 50c:' readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARl'ET PEATOG 'ASP CLEAKIAO,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
ses>d to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. ,353-357 Tehama Et. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter-st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. 'Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison e^.; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 3S-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; teL Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate^ave.; telephone East 126. -'
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
' vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74. ¦ i
CHIROPODISTS. , ?
DR. WM. LECK. 105 Ellis, rooms 1-2 — Corns
extracted.- painless;, ingrowing- nails cured.
COLLECTION OFFICES. '
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency—No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market, st."
DRESSMAKERS AJTD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS. /
DR. CR'ZT.L.Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. C10 Golden Gate ave.
BA!f FRANCISCO CALU
BUSINESS OFFICE of. The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
ur.UM2 o'clock every- nig-ht in the year. ,
BRANCH OFFICES— 027 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open uatll 9:30 p; . m.
300 Hayes street;' open until 9:30 p. m.
¦ 03S« McAllister street; open until 9:30 p.m.
215 Lai kin street; open until 9:30 p. in.
lsiil Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
untli J) p. m.
\0t} Eleventh street; open until 9 p. in.
1096 Valencia street f open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.-
2200 Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
UEUTIAU XUTICES.
STARR KING Lodge, U. D.. F. and A. ¦
M., Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at T:UO}Cir
«/ clock. Third Degree. By order ' of / ? 7
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44. F. and -
A. M. — Stated meeting THIS (WED- Jk
NESDAY) EVENING, at S o'clock. V 2f
THEO. FROLICH. Sec. fSr*
CROCKETT Lodge "No. 139. F. and A. ¦ .
M.— Stated meet., D. 3d THIS EVEN-
1?:G, Apr '1, at i';:J0 o'clock. By order jC3T
of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec / V<
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C0..F. and A. m
M. — Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- -#\-
DAY) EVENING. April 2, at 7:30 jljC
o'clock. H. J. OWEN. Sec /\T l
MOUSE Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F. -jAHfiSS^
— Initiation THIS (WEDNES- gT~^3cL.
DAY) EVENING, April M. A full
attendance requested. Visitors •^ral« >N
cordially invited. J. M. C. RIDDLE. N. O.
C. BRIND. Rec, Sec. j
NATIONAL UNION~Call- tUTttffriiTI" j **¦
lornia Council, meets TO-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall.
Fourth St., at S o'clock (.in
Its new hall). Visiting friends cordially In-
vited. By order
A. H. KINGSFORD. President. ,
C. H. VAX ORDKX. Secretary. _j. i
THE quarterly meeting of the Ser- ryfi-ii.
vian-Monter.egrin L. and B. So- . SSJJf
ciety will he held THIS (WED- wJSK'CT
NESDAY) EVENING. Ai-ril 2. /S^lrffa
19V2, at 7:30 o'clock sharp, at SaGtJfffiSl
5*09 Market st. Ail officers and Kv5!S<!a
members are requested to be Y^fj&Y?
present. Fine for non-attendance
will be strictly enforced. By
order of < . .
JOHN E. KCKAVIZA. President.
SPIRO VL'CQSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived 'applications to mine by the hydraulic
process trom E. J. Challen and John A.
Tuckev in the Topaz Centennial mine, near
Quiney. Plumas -County, to deposit tailings
behind the dam of the Quiney Mining and
Water Company, in Wauponsie Creek, and
from Louts W. Clark and B. D. Dobyns, in
the Golden Needle mine, near Brownsville. |
Yuba County, to deposit tailings ¦ in Dry :
Creek gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 94, Flood building. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on April 14, 1902. at-l:30 p. m. „ j
THE annual meeting of the members of the j
Society of Progressive Spiritualists will be ;
held at their office, 3322 Seventeenth et.. !
SUNDAY. April 13. at the hour of 2 o'clock I
p. m., for the purpose ot electing a Board of
Directors to serve for <he ensuing ye*, and
the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting.
. JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING.
RcFolutlons. etc. in first-cla«s manner. J. W. .
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post St.
ALICE WOLVERTON EYRE will present the j
plan of the new communistic. colony to-night
at Central Hall, 90!) Market; admission 10c.
-AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — $10 daily, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private & public buildings
buy at tight : these burners are what the peo- i
pie are looking for; they do not require a j
i ¦lumneyi to break)or wick to trim, & make no !
emoke or dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble, &. produce best, cheapest •
& cleanest light: it is a great money maker j
lor agents; 200 per cent profit; write at once
& get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. 867, Cincinnati, Ohio.
ASTUOLOG^
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st. j
ATTOttNETS AT L.AW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; a '. cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
pagos, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advarce charges; open eve's; call or write. |
'ADVICE free; -livorces a specialty; quick ;qu1et;
no charge without success; established ltJ yrs. !
G. W. HOWE, «S0 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
el! casfg. J. M. THURSTOS. 819 Market et.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bide.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIICVCLES— Kor Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch.oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin st.
BUIDS. DOGS. ETC v uu^ ~
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of. song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
cases globes aquariums; bird* and animal
food of all kinds. 154ti Market et..bet.Sth&9th.
HOOKS — XEW AND OLD. . !
EOOKS of all kinds bought ;libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 19tC. |
— i»— «— ™^~ ¦^^ —"^ I
UCSINESS CHANCES.
\V r A^H r Elj^X~nirtner »1th $600 to act as
cashier in a business! ; guarantees $150 per
mouth; references exchanged. Particulars
R. G. WILKIE. 26 Mi Kearny st.
RARE chance and great bargain if taken at
once; saloon close to 4 theaters; money j
maker; price $750. Particulars R. G. W1LKE,
26 '? Kearny st. C ;
A— JUX.G: UPHOLSTERING and carpet la>-tng
CEtabliehment on Devisadero st.; rent $25; at
least $!S00 stock on hand; good business; !
eickneEs oniy cause of sale. Call -R. G. |
_ W1LKE. ,2C^ Kearny et. : !
A— $550; RESTAURANT on Third St.. close to
Market; rent $50; place clearing $150 per
month. ,Call R. G. WILKE. 2«% Kearny st.
A— $%-0; SALOON with 9 fur». rooms, kitchen,
etc. ; rent $25 : great bargain ; must be sold at
once. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
$1500 — ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, including '4
furnished roomS; a flrst-class paying propo-
sition. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26Vi
Kearny st.
$2500 — CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a first-clacs located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, I
20 •£ Kearny Et. .
A— CIGAR Stands'. Cigar Stands' Cigar Stands!
30 busy money-making stands, $75 to $20U0;
I sell choice. well located stands only.
Hedges. 401-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market.
A — VERY profitable hotel and bar; long estab-
lished; best town this State? 45 rooms; low
rent; 3 years' lease; this house makes big
money. Ask HEDGES. 461-4C2 Parrott bldg. J
A — SALOON; busiest corner wholesale district; ;
always busy; low rent; short hours; price
right to genuine buyer; fullest investigation
askfrd: old-established place. See HEDGE3.
4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.
A — SALOON on Third St.. close to Market: 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason celling ; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — PAEERY and delicatessen in Western Ad-
dition; 4 living, rooms; rent $15; clearing $125
month; bargain; *40u. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — PARTNER'ln boxwood business; well es-
tablished; 4 wagons; S horses: 3 men em-
ployed; bargain; ?325. * Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.-
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us tx-fore buying elsewhere. P. S.. DE LTJCA
&. CO., 318 Kearny st., room L
NOTICE to buyers and sellers— J. LUNDIN is
not responsible for P. S. DE LUCA & CO..
318 Kearny et.
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand investiga-
tlon. P. S. de Luca & Co., 318 Kearny. r. 1.
A — IF you want to Bell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner In any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY. 75 Third «t.
Cash customers -waiting; established 1868.
A— $£00; FAMILY liquor store; clear* $150
month j full value. STRAND. 209 Kearny et.
A— f.:;00; DELICACY and branch bakery; good
trade; 3 rooms. STRAND, 209 Kearny Et.
A — $300; PARTNER wanted In established
business; $18 to $25 week, with chance to In-
crease: no experience required. 25 Geary, st.,
room 4- . .
A FIRST-CLASS meat market doing a good
business; owner has other interests and
wishes to retire from business. For particu-
lars inquire at this office.
A — $300; PARTNER wanted: good chance for
steady man satisfied with $18 to $20 a week.
40 Ellis et., room 13.
PARTNER to buy half Interest In corner gro^
eery and bar at Invoice price; established W
years. Inquire at 257 Fourth st.
INVENTOR wants partner. 2 Golden court, off
Sacramento St., near Leavenworth.
PERSON wants to exchange city paper route
tor country route. Box 4662, Call office.
A— DR.T. S. HIGGINST927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1; told and - porcelain crowna, (5
up; plates, a full-set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, ¦ $5 up. - :¦ • • ; - v •
Painless extraction. ' - " . . , .-
I do first-class work only and-guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or . filling by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendant V
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreU st. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.'
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly;, teeth without plate* our specialty ;gold
crowns $&£0 up; plates, extractions free, $4*0
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 0 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; «iady attendant. R. C." ANDER-
• SON, Di D. S., proprietor and manager. . .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $.1, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates ; Bee - my new .
unbreakable bridge; both warranted nfetinre;
• crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 54 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full sjet of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 00c.
DR.R.L. WALSH-, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less ex t.. 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.-
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary «t. — Expert
workmanship only: reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 40 O'Farrell. late of .6 Turk st. —
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist. . : "¦
SET of teeth without elate. DR. . H. \ Q.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. .
. EDUCATIONAL. ~~~~
HEALD'S Scll6^)L^b^EiLECTRICAL^ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical ; - day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ,:¦¦¦¦ < . -
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship, guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping,, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions-secured; cat. .free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses;complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in .March; rapid figures n spe-
cialty. S. F. Iluslneps College, 1236 Market.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited . preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or^any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. _. -
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship 350; catalogue.
GOLDEN Gate College. 530 Golden Gate ave.,
San Francisco: — One month free to those en-
tering for six months; bookkeeping or short-
hand course; positions soon as qualified.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'FarreU st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mining.mecn.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, "expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue • free. 305 Larkln st.
SPANISH,French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
EHORTtJAND taught by matl or personally.'
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert, 302 Van Ness ave.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In thq
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters "furnished at short notice. • Geo.
Kinoshita, 1203 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8001.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best -help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; teL Bush 133.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. '315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help. 024 Bush et.; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.SutterUel.Black 5072.
roiPLOYMEXT^^
A STRONG young woman would like to go out
by the day; is a good washer or will do house I
cleaning. • i»lease call 54 Chesley st., off Har- I
rison. • •
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, first-class American
cook, elegant baker, clean and careful, will
assist with housework for two or three in
family; wages moderate. 511 Bryant st.
A MIDDLE-AG^pD woman wants work by day
or month; sleep home. Apply 21 Sherwood
place. KATE WALL. .
WANTED— By a young lady, a position to do
housework; no heavy washing; . wages $15.
940 Railroad ave.. South San
A GIRL wishes* a place; chamber work or
seamstress; good references-- 1322 Broadway.
WANTED — Position yL nurse in "confinement;
best' doctors' references; good and kind to
children; no objection to country. 417 Ivy ave.
A GERMAN girl, just arrived, wants a posl-
tlon for general housework and cooking;
refs. 470 Jessie st.:. .¦ ' t
SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER by lady of
experience. Call 864% Mission st., room 7.
WANTED by competent woman,- position aa
i housekeeper for summer resort, family hotel
or family. Address* box 4594, Call office.
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper in
the mountains. Box 4257. Call office. Oakld.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar"-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60
to $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
¦ Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st. . .. . , . '
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MAZE.
COOK wants position cooking ; " and general
' housework; city, or country; references. Box
' 4650, Call office.-; .
A RELIABLE and trustworthy person wants a
. position as night watchman, etc.: has Al ref-
i erences. Address E. J. BRUL. 324 Bush st.
COACHMAN wants position with private fam-
ily, city or country; references. Box-4GC0.
Ca.Il office.
I — — , .
' LANDSCAPE gardener and florist wants po-
sttlon. Box 4644, Call.. . .. .
ACCURATE bookkeeper wants any clerical po-
sition; shipping, importing and ' commission
experience: speaks French, Italian, SpantnshV
• etc. ; excellent references ; salary moderate.
Box 4600. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS gardener, understands cans of
• horses, buggies, cows, vegetables, lasjn, • flow-
ers; In private family; willing andobllging;
, references: country preferred. Box 4642, Call.
OFFICE man wants position; foreign". exp?ri-
. ence; banking, commerce -correspondent In
. several languages; bank references. Address
. box 4655. Call office. .. *
GOOD union barber wants a' Job In country
town ;- will board with boss. if desired. Ad-
dress G. :U.. -260 Stevenson St. "¦.."¦
JOBBING blacksmith and shoer, i married , and
steady, withes "a situation; city or country.
' Address F. A. M., box 4043, Call office. -
FIRST-CLASS bootblack (white) lately from
East derfres work In: barber shop or hotel"
Box 4C30, Call office. : ¦.-.-. .*•-;
YOUNG German wishes position as assistant
bartender or work of any. kind by day Urns.
Box 4591. Call office. ¦ I ,- v
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant . and merchants'
. lunch cook, steady man, would like to get em-
ployment. 535 Minna st.-- . .
SINGLE man ! and \ elster want positions, care
of farm, ranch or private • place,' or ¦ some-
¦' thing; • experience and ¦ reference. - Address
CHARLES DALE, 024 16th St.. i Oakland. Cal.
EXPERIENCED Chinese' cook*, wants position
in private family; $35 ; per month. Address
¦¦_ CHONG WING. 002 Clay jf '' . ¦ - : -.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. -received at C^ll branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
,'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ¦ been established at 1090
i Valencia -tt. , . ¦
FLATS TO LET.April, 1902.
CALL CALEND AB.
HOTELAJBilVAIS.
NEW -WESTERN HOTEL?,
E W Madsen. East I D Smith.' Pa - ...
Yard— . - RL Smith, 'Pa
B " Harrington,' E. Yard C Krone. San Jose
E-C Snell,- Los Ang • C Cummlngs tc w, •
C Y Snell, iLos Ang : Los Angeles ¦- <;*''¦
O Matcher, Angel Is H And en, Portland
J'.MAcuft, '-Angel Is- ¦¦ T A Boot & ty. Mich
J R ' Lopes, • San • Diego G R Ward.' » Concord
R ¦ H Bankson, Eureka R G Robinson. - Benlcla
WE- Murphy, Pes- : N C Denress. Seattle
• mantory •" L Allen &'w,'Vt '
¦• -.William IF.: and Ella R.-Ayres to SarahH.
Lancashire.- re-record 1905 . D. 2S," lot on NE
• John • IS; . Boone (by B.-. P., Oliver, commission
er) ¦ to Hlbernla ! Savings . and ¦ Loan Society,* . lot
on, N: line , of. Twenty-first street, 59 W, of Jes
sie. . W 25 ¦ by ; N 85 ; - $4466. If ("t JlMfti itlUL 111 !¦!
Thomas and Catherine Downing to same,. lot
on SE corner of Cherry street and United States
Government . •; reservation, . - E t), S to Cherry
street,"; N'. to beginning; $10/ •
{ . ; Ruth ¦ G. . Campbell ; to Henry - Rosenf eld - lot
on N; line of; Jackson street." 70E of Cherry,
E 20 r t N • to : Reservation,'" W • to ' point, thence
right angle to beginning; $10. - -:'.¦¦ ;
:•, Amy • T. ' Campbell to; same, lot on NE cor
ner of- Jcakson' and Cherry. streets. • E 70,,N.to
Keservatlon.;Wto Cherry, S 10«:8; $10.
¦ Gertrude ' M.i O'Brien (widow) to . F. F. ¦ Con
nolly,' lot on W line of DevlsacJero street. 125 S
of Hayes-; S 25 by W 106:3; $6500.. r .
. .' Sophie and Julian* Le > Roy .White , to- William
J., . Joseph ¦. K.V Emily A: i and Herbert L. Haw
kins ' lot - on " E line of . Baker street, 53 S of
Page S 27:6 by E 96:1014; $10.
L. H'iand Lizzie Sly to William and Amelia
Herdtfelder, lot ¦ on . N line of Filbert street,
2CS.0 AV. of Broderick,' W 25 by N 107:6; $10.
I George .and Ines Fredericks , to Mary : J Tay
lor (widow),-, lot. on W: line .of Baker streets
11?:6 S", of. -Golden -Gate avenue, S -.25 by AV
121:10*6; '$10.
'. Marie E.- Solomon to Maria , F. Carter. . lot' on
E'line of Clay ton. street, 100 N of Page. N 25
by E 10fi:3; $10. : : .
' Otto C- Kief er . to - Carrie ¦. S. Klefer (wife),
lot*on*;NW' corner of Shrader and Frederick
streets N 25 by W 81:3; gift. - ... s ' -
Elanche M. and A; E. Rykert to William R.
Van ¦ Brunt, lot -. on ¦ SE . corner of . Union and
Devisadero streets. S. 68 by E 103:1%; $10.
Judson and 1 . Catherine C. Wheeler to Agnes
B. - Wheeler . and Rosanna Callaghan. , lot on
NE corner, of Golden Gate avenue and Stelncr
street. N 82 by E 40; $10. ,.-• - . .
: Mary, J. Olson (McCarl) (wife of J.) to Lulu
Eayden (single),", lot .on N line of Felljstreet,
U2:<> E of Devisadero, E 25 by N 137:6;§10.
Estate of Julia A; Crocker (by Lizzie C. Van
FK-et executrix) : to • Hynian and Isaac Wolf,
lot on S line of Sutter street, 82:6 W of Octa
via W 55 S 120,' E 50, N 32:6, E 5, N 87:6;
S8250 . ¦'., : *. * - - •¦ .. '¦' - * ,
/Francisca Esplnosa de , Los . Monteros ¦ de
Smith (widow) to Hans H. or Henry H. Larsen,
lot on S line. of Geary street, 220 W of Octa-
Vla W 45 by S 120; $16, COO. " -
George McHenry- to Frank Paillet,- lot on S
line i of O'.Farrell street, 116 W , of Webster. W
22:« by-S"120; $10. \ -¦
Ma'ry E and Charles E. Green to Ella Kline,
lot on NW corner of Fillmore street and Pa
cific avenue, N 52:8»/4 by W 100; $10.
Estate of Julia A." Crocker (by Lizzie C. Van
Fleet," executrix) to Louis Friedmann, lot on
SW corner of Sutter and Octavia streets, W
82:6 by S e0; $12,500. ¦
' Louis ¦ Friedmann to Samuel Axelrod, same ;
?i?.r>oo. - ' ' ¦ ¦- . ¦¦¦.-•• •»
Samuel and Flora Axelrod to Benjamin Axel
rod "lot on* W line of Octavia street. ' 30 S of
Sutter.. S 30 by W.82:6; ?5. . ,
TUESDAYS APRIL "I.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
•- Same ; owner with Bradley - & Son (contrac
tors), *. architects tame— Painting, graining '
varnishlnK and tinting for same on same- $220o'
Howard C.Tlbbitts. (owner) with Robert E*
Currle (contractor).: architects Havens &
Toepke-^All work , except electric wiring and
gas fixtures for a two-story and . basement
frame dwelling 'with brick foundation on N
line of Union street. 120 W. of Devlsadero N
1C7:« by W 40; $6192. <- «aero. n
' Same . owner with, Martin Carrick (contrac
tor), architects ; same-^-Lathlng and plasterlnsr
for. same on same; $2275. ',
"* Same ; owner with - Ickelhelmer Bros (con
tractors).'architect* same— Plumbing and »a3
fitting for ' same . on " rame; |$3496 '.-•¦'
Catherine : Culligan (owner) - with . Charles
Hock -(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohl
bers—Excavations. ' brick, concrete ' and Iron
work, sidewalk lights for two three-story frame
buililngs (flats) on lot on.NW corner of Turl
street and Van Ness avenue," N SO by W 8S-a
$2300. ; -.-,--- :•: - ;°z: '
Same owner with William Horstmeyer & Co
(pon tractors). " architects same — Carpenter, ¦* mill
and .'marble work, hardware,' glazing and tin
ning for. same; $17,750. ~ ¦ .
. Mary I. and Thomas F. Parkinson (owner)
with Ira W. Coburn (contractor), William
Koenlg -. architect— All work except '. manteis
gas fixtures and • shades for two three-story
and basement frame buildings (six flats) on lot
on E line of Clayton street, S7: 6 N of'Hairht.
E 100 by N 60; $12,100. <« «ai*nt.
D. Abrams (owner) with John Manning teon
tractbr), Rousseau &. Son architects — LJncrusta
graining, : painting, varnishing, tinting and
whitening for two three-story frame buildings
(flats) on lot on NE corner of Franklin street
and Broadway, N 137:6 by E 37:6, W A 91*
$1(125. . • '. • . . , '
Builders' Contracts.
Fortunato and Teresa Cordano to Rocca Cere
ghino, lot on E line of Mission street 31:10Vi
N of .Silver avenue, N 39, E 111:6 S 25 E
25. S 84. W 55:6, N 70:6, right angles. 110 to
beginning, block 4. College Homestead; $10.
Michael and Catherine Bogue to Antone
Jelsch. lot on W line of Ellsworth street 75
S of Eugenia avenue, S 25 by W 70 lot 823
Gift Map 1; $10. ' '
John Quinn to James Quinn, lots 26 and 29,
block F. Park Lane Tract No. 4, undivided
one-half interest In lot 37, block C.-Park Lane
Tract: $10. ..
¦ -Eugene E. Chenot to Oscar Heyinan.' lot on
NE line of Thirteenth avenue, ¦ 75 SE"of- L
street, £=E 75 by.NE 100, block 247. South San
Francisco Homestead; $10. '. • ¦ ..
"James and Mary T. Quinn to John Quinn,
undivided one-half lot 38, block C, Park Lone
Tract; $10.
E. H. (or E. B.) and Emma C. Hallett and
W. S: and Vesta li Gee to John G. and Louise
A. Welti, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue,
125 N of I street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (a corporation)
to Justus Proll. lot on.SW corner of Tenth
avenue" and H street, S 100 by W 32:6; $10.
Albert .. Meyer to Henry'and Minna B.. Sle
gele, lot on SW corner of Nineteenth avenue
and I street. S 50 by W 100; $10. .-
¦ Annie and Frank Backe to. William P. and
Ida E. Buchwald. lot on. E line of Eighth ave
nue, 120:6 N of Point Lobos avenue. N 25 by
E 101:4; $10. ' •
Henry D. and Sadie Rice to Theodore Dell
wig, lot on. E line of Ninth avenne, 164 N of
Clement street, N 58:4, SE 120:2H, S"51:3U,
W 120; $10. V; ¦. . : -
Josephine. Denis J. and Nellie F. Murray to
Catherine Kinsman, lot on SW line of Sum
ner street, 100 SE of Howard.- SE 25 by SW
58; $10. . . r-'.
Julia McAleer", Thomas J. and George F.
Reynolds and Julia T. Parrish (Reynolds) to
William H. Wlnn. lot on W line of Vermont
street, 100 N of Yolo, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Therese : Sutro to Olga Sutro. lot on W line
of Twentieth avenue, 3S1 N of California street,
N 25 by W 120; gift. . ...
John Toomey (alias John J. Phelan). George
W., Robert E. and Henry G. Phelan and Nellie
G. Develle to Margaret C. Glynn, lot on NW
line of Clary street. 175 SW of Rltch. SW 23
by NW 75; $10. .
. William P. McCullough to Rosanna Rennison.
lot on SW line of Baldwin court, • 95 NW of
Folsom, NW 15- by SW 40; $1200.'
Catherine F. Hill. (Dodge). (wife of.C. B.) to
Catherine M. Dodge, lot on NE line of Main
street, 51:8 SE of Howard, SE 20 by NE 45:10;
$10. . .
Ida M. Sanford to same, same: gift
Gertrude G. Norris to Clifford T. and W.
Laurie San ford, lot on'. N line of Washington
street, 117:6 E of Leavenworth, E 62:10, N
137:6, W 42:10, S 77:6, W 20. S 60; $10.
Mary E. Sanford to same, same; gift.
George W. and Annie E. Hume to Sarah
Rodgers. lot on S line of Sutter street, 42:6 E
of Jones. E 65 by S 127:6; $10. •./•": -
Thomas Brown tb same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
' • Louisa and <X H. Greene wald to Ernestine
K re] ing- (widow), lot on N line of Eddy street.
68:9 E of Mason, E CS:9 by N 175; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Louise Wormser (widow) lot- on W : line of
Front street. 66:8 S of Calif crnia. S 25 by W
S2:6r $10. •
• William . and Emma J. Plant ; to City Trust
Safe Deposit and Surety Company of Philadel
phia, lot on NE corner of Twenty-fourth and
Douglass streets, E 65 by N 114; $10.
E. D. Colburn to O. M. Colburn. lot on W
line of Diamond street. 85 N of Twenty-second,
N 25 by W 115:9; also lot on N line of Hill
street, 120 W of Sanchez, ;W 25 by N 115: $10.
David and Josephine Newell to Carrie - C.
Wilson (wife of Herbert E.). lot on E line of
Diamond street, 199 S of Seventeenth, E 125 by
S 49; $10. .
Frank S. -and Catherine Grummon to Albert
T. and Louise C. Emmrich, lot on E line of
Florida (Columbia) street, 130 S of Twenty-sec
ond, S 20 by E 100; ?10.
corner of Twenty-second and Noe streets, N
26:6 by E 110; $7000,
Sarah H. and J. H. Lancashire to' Albert
Schurch, same; $5700.
Henry and Catherine Wenzel to Jacques Sar
thou, lot on S corner of Ninth and. Sheridan
streets,. SW 100 by SE 30; $10. \ ; ¦
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY — Petitions in
Insolvency were filed in the United States Dis
trict. Court yesterday as follows: S.. H. Chip
man, clerk In freight auditor's office. Southern
Pacific Company, San Francisco, liabilities
$2131 50, no assets. His principal creditors
are money lenders. Thomas w. Boalt, clerk,
Oakland, liabilities $3204, no assets.
NEW YORK, April l.—The. following
Californlans have arrived: San Fran
cisco — J. "Warshauer,- at the Criterion; • J.
Barneson, at theAstbr;' H. Browning, at
the St. George; J. D. Johnson, at the St.
Denis; R. B. Mitchell, at the Imperial.
Los Angeles— E. P. Clark,' at thfe St.
Denis. .
San Diego— G. U. Holcomb and wife, at
the Marlborough. ¦ • ¦ -
Calif ornians in New York.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
C Costa 5S.110& — Pk&C H 6s. 107 —
Ed UP «?. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. — — Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Oeary-st Ra. — — Bac EGR 5s. — 88%
H C*S 6%s. — — 6F & SJV3a.l21%-—
. Do 5s .... 9C4 — Elerra Cal6s.lO7 —
L Anx R Bs.113% — S P of A 6s
LA'LCo6s. — — (1909> ....11394— :
Do gtd «s. — • — (1910) > 114%114%
Do gtd Bb.102 — SP of Cal 6a '
L A & P Ss.102 — U9<K)Sr A.106% —
Do lem 5».10O (l!)05)Sr E.107% —
Mkt-st C .63.128^4 — (1906) — —
Do lem 5s. 120 . — (1912) 119^121 .
N R Of C 6s.lll% — S P of C 1st
DojSk — 121% cgntd5s..I20 ' —
N PacC Bs.lOO?4 — Do »tmpd.lll?4 —
N Cal R 5s.ll5 — SP Br Cal6s.l37ft —
Oak Cas 5a. — 113^ S V Wat 6s.Hl —
Oak Tm 6s.. 123^125 Do 4s 2dm. — 1051J
I Do 1st C5S.113 — Do 4s 3dm.lO2»i —
I Oak WGSs.- 10* ' Btkn G&EUa.lO2 10*
" "WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75 78 (Port Costa.. 63*4 68'
Marin Co .. 60 — ISprtng Val.. 92% S3
GAS AND ELECTRIC. v
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light.. 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3U ZVi Sac E G&R. 25^ —
Mutual .. — i% S F O & E. 42H 43
O G L & H. 57 53 SFGLCa 5& —
Pac G Imp. 35U 38 Stktn G ft S S —
INSURANCE.
Anglo-Cal .. 89% — |LP* A.... 168 170
California . .422^ — . I Mer Ex (Hq) 18H —
Cal Safe Dp.ll7»4 - [s P Natlonl.137% —
First Nationl — I.
SAVINGS BANK9.
German ...1090 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav — MO
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trust. — 2200
S P Sav U.520 — '
STREET RAILROADS.
i California .. — 175 Market 100 —
Geary ."..... — 60 Presidio .... — 40
/ POWDER. ¦
Slant 79% 79% Vlgorit ..... — 4
SUGAR.
'Hana 3% — Kllauea — —
Hawaiian .. 33^ — Makawell ... 22% 25%
Honokaa . . . 10% — Onomea .... 23 —
Hutchinson . — 12 U Paauhau ... 11% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l601~il61 Pac A-P A. 2% 3%
Cal Fruit As.101 103 Pao C Borx.165 —
C«i "Wine As 9914 — Par Paint. ..03 —
Oceanic S Co — ,37
Morning Session. .
" * ' • Board —
125 Giant Powder Con 79 73
35 Oakland Gas, b 5 67 25
10 Oceanic S 8 Co ....' 35 0O
- 10 Paauhau S P Co 11 00
.58 V Water ;... 92 «2<4
15 S.V Water, cash........... 92 62&
50 S V Water, cash 02 75
120 8 V Water 92 75
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co fis 107 62 Vi
, $1000 'Northern Ry of Cal 6s 112 00
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal. 6s, cash... 121 6O
$10)0 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s... 93 25
$6000 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry Bs, cash.... 98 37 Vj
$1000 S P of Arizona (1009).. 113 62^
Street— -
$10,000 Market St Ry 1st Con 5s 120 25
, $3000 N PC R R 5a .......110 00
$2000 S P of Arizona (1900) 113 62*.J
$19,000 S-Y- 6s,...,.. XXI 00 .
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦ ." <
65 Alaska Packers' Assn ..161 00
23 Cal Wine Assn 99 75
40 Giant Powder Con .»i....79.T5
20 Giant Powder Con <.".. ........ :.¦'. TO 62^5
10 Giant Powder Con, b 2." 79 75
20 Hawaiian Coml &. Sugar 34 00
25 Honokaa. S Co 10 87 ft
20 Honokaa S Co 10 75
20 S T Gas & Electric Co......... 42 75 «
. 116 8 V Water 92 75
$1000 S P of Arizona (1909) ..113 62ft
$12,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s. ...... .....113 T3
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.. .,'
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Home ............ 870
200 Occidental of W Va IS
1425 Petroleum Center ............... 07 '"'
100 Reed Crude « S3
100 Sovereign - 28
100 Sovereign .' • ' 2!) ¦
600 Sterling, b 30 1 423ff
200 Sterling 1 40
. . Afternoon Session. '. .
Board —
200 Monte Cristo ...„„ 1 42^i
2500 Petroleum Center, a 90... - 07
500 Sovereign " 29
100 Sterling 1 42 1£
200 Sterling 145
. PRODUCE EXCHANGE CALL BALES.
For March-
Wheat > 83.000 tons
Barley • ....21,200 foes
Total 74.700 tona
Crop Year to Date—
Wheat ......633,600 tons
Barley 121,000 tons
Total ........755,500 tons
? MINING STOCKS.
The following wert the sales in the San Fran
- clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
.-- " Morning Session.
500 Alta 06 500 Justice ...... 09
I 1000 Best & Bel... 28 200 Potpsi "..18
400 C C.& Va 130 200 Utah .". 06
Afternoon Session. -
200 Belcher 06 200 Hale & Nor.* 28
100 Best & Bel... 27 500 Mexican ...... 48
100 Caledonia ". .: 47 1C0 Ophlr .......100
400 C C & Va 130 400 Overman "...: OS
100 Gould * Cur 09 1C0 Silver Hill... 52
200 Hale & Nor. . 27
L- The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 07 100 Ophlr 95
500 Best & Bel... • 26 300 Potosl ........ l«
10O C C &.Va..l 27% 300 Sierra Nev... 28
700 Justice ...... 09 100 Silver Hill. . . 52
i .' 20O Mexican . ... . 47
'¦¦-'. •'¦'.' Afternoon Session.
'' 500 Belcher ..... 05 400 Ophlr ..'.*..;. 97
200 Best & Bel... 26 300 Ophir ....... 91
500 Chollar ...... 11 200 Potosi ... 15
200 Caledonia ...'45 200 Sierra NeT... 24
100 C C & Va:...l 25 200 Silver Hill. .. 50
150 Gonld & Cur. 08 .400 Silver Hill 49
aOO Mexican ..... 44 600 Silver Hill... 43
300 Mexican ..... 43 500 Union Con... 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. April 1—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ." Bid.Aslc
Alpha 02- 03 Justice 08 09
Alta ........ 05 07 Kentuck ..... 01 02
Andes C4 05 Lady Wash... — ' 04
Belcher" 05 06 Mexican ..... 42 43
Best & Bel... 28 .27 Occidental :.. 08 10
Bullion ...... 02 .03 Ophlr ....... 93 94
Caledonia. ... 45 47 Overman .... 06 OS
Challenge ... 17 20 Potosl ....... 14 15
Chollar ...11 12 Savage .. 05 OG
Confidence ... 60 ¦• 65 Scorpion — to
CC & Va;...l 23 1 SO.Seg Belcher.. 01 . 03
Con Imperial.' — ' 01iSIerra v Nev... 24 25
Con NY..... 01 02 Silver Hill... 48 50
Crown Point. 03' Wist Louis 06 —
Eureka Con. . 1« — i Syndicate .... — 0«
Exchequer ... 01 02 1 Union Con... 25 27
Gonld & Cur. 08 00 Utah ....06 07
Hale & Nor.. 26 2C Yel Jacket... 11 IS
Julia. ........ — Ml
Continued Prom Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aarll 1— Stmr SoutH
wark.'from Antwerp.
CALCUTTA— Balled April 1— Stmr Caith
ness, .for San Franciaco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 31— Stmr Mar
lon, ¦ from" Bo3ton. ¦
CHERBOURG — Arrived March 31— Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm der Orosse. from New JotIc.
via Plymouth, for Bremen.
SUEZ— Arrived April 1— Stmr Minneapolis,
from New ITork. via Plymouth.
NAPLES—^Arrived March 2S— Stmr Argyll,
from Portland, Or, via St Vincent, C V.' • -
BOULOGNE — Arrived April 1 — Stmr Maas
dam. from New York, for Rotterdam.
MOVILLE — Arrived, April 2— Stmr Ionian,
from St John. N B, 'and Halifax, N S, for
Liverpool, and proceeded.
Thomas Fitch, the well-known orator
and attorney, has returned from a- year's
visit to Honolulu and is at the Occidental.
He expects to remain in California the
rest of the year.
Professor Koebele, who was sent by the
Government to 1 study the insects of the
Territory of Hawaii, returned yesterday.
F. A. Hartman, a South American min
ing man, is up from Los Angeles and is
registered at the California. .
Frank I. TowelJ, a manufacturer of ma
ple syrup at St. Paul, is among the ar
rivals at the Palace. .¦¦ r •.'¦/¦."> *'¦•- ¦<*
L. A. Thurston, a well-known resident
of Honolulu, is among the arrivals at the
Occidental. . •
Isaac Minor, the pioneer redwood manu
facturer of Arcata, Humboldt County, is
at the Lick. _,v"-. '¦¦'- - •>.
Charles A. Browne, a well-known resi
dent of Honolulu, is a guest at the Occi
dental. ¦¦• •--¦¦;¦ .. . - '
C. J. Pease, a rancher of Olema, Is at
the Lick. .
E. D. Adler, a Milwaukee brewer, is regi
istered at the Palace.
J. A. Brent, a wealthy Chicago mer
chant, is at thjs Palace.
C. Marre, a wholesale liquor dealer of
Jackson, is a guest at the Lick. .
James Lotan, ex-Collector > of the Port
at Portland, Or., is at the Occidental.
TJ. C. Schroeder, Assessor of Nevada
County, i Is among the arrivals at the
Lick.
PERSONAL.
! H. H. Lynch, superintendent of con
struction of the' Market-street Railway,
spent . a* busy time J on Monday showing
Attorney Atterbury and J. M. Duane the
power houses, and other properties.
Eugene Dtflano of the firm of " Tlrdwn
Bros, of New York, who is financing the
deal for the syndicate, left yesterday, ac
companied by his wife and his secretary,
for a few days'- visit to Del Monte. At
torney Atterbury will visit them on Sat
urday. ¦-::¦ "¦":;. :J ': ,; r :
The • Baltimore syndicate will establish
it:? own claims department on the 1st of
May. The -Southern Pacific law depart
ment, has agreed to attend to the law
matters of the - syndicate until that date.
The Market-street Railway directors
held : their regular monthly meeting yes
terday,, morning. The regular routine of
business was transacted and no matters
of. great importance came up for consid
eration.. --,.-... ...
Will Attend to Syndicate's
Legal Matters.
In the Meantime the Southern Pacific
Judge Cabaniss asked him to state his
grounds for making the motion and ha
replied that it "was chiefly owing to the
Judge's interpretation of the' law, which
would be unfavorable to the defendants.
The Judge saJd that those grounds would
be insufficient and added that if hid inter
pretation of the law was wrong there was
th4 remedy of ad appeal. -He said he had
no prejudice In the matter:
The cases were then continued till Sat
urday, when the formal motion for a
transfer will be made.
The cases of Charles Ward, who shot
the elk, and Antone Fodera, a . poultry
dealer, charged with having- the dead -Ik
In his possession, were then called. At
torney Partridge asked that they be not
set for trial, as he intended making a
formal motion at another time that the
cases be transferred to some other court.
Herman Kohn, secretary of the San
Francisco Lodge of Elks, who "was con
victed on a charge of having a dead elk
In his possession, was sentenced yesterday
by Judge Cabaniss to pay a fine of }25
with the usual alternative. Notice of ap-«
peal was given.
the Ward and Fodera
Cases.
Change of Venue "Will Be Asked in
KOHN IS SENTENCED FOB
KILLING THE BIG ELK
NEW CLAIMS : DEPARTMENT
BEGINS WOBK MAY 1
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 1902.
11
S.
\}±12-
) W - 1 T - ,
IF.
S. { I Moon's Phases
6
*13 :
1 .2 ; 3 I 4 I 5 ANewMdcni
,- — I— W April 8.
_L _!J — 21. iL'-iL 1J » PU » t Q*'-i.
21 22 23 24 | 25 26 '^ April 22.
. 1 /ft Last Qi\,
28 29 30 -•'¦•(• I 'a-Aprll :;0.
V 20
13
S.
\}±12-
) W - 1 T - ,
IF.
S. { I Moon's Phases
6
*13 :
1 .2 ; 3 I 4 I 5 ANewMdcni
,- — I— W April 8.
_L _!J — 21. iL'-iL 1J » PU » t Q*'-i.
21 22 23 24 | 25 26 '^ April 22.
. 1 /ft Last Qi\,
28 29 30 -•'¦•(• I 'a-Aprll :;0.
V 20
13
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. .. ELimiD.GE~lfcXaTT~?~ S ~~~r~~
63S MARKET. ST.
• AUCTION. * ,
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY V..".-. ..-.:.- April 8. 1902
At Our Salesroom, No. 638 Market St., .
at 12 O'clock Noon. "
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side (Nos. 2624-2624A Bush St.). S7:0
feet east of Broderick; two swell new up to
date sunny flats. 7-9 rooms, bath, laundry, etc. ;
marble steps, dome ceilings; pays $S10 per an-
num; lot 26x137:6 feet
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side (Ncs. 3422-3424) Nineteenth st,
1C5 feet west of Mission; two well built houses
C rooms and bath, with ¦ separate basements;'
rents $42 per month; lot'23xS5 feet viVv
WESTERN ADDITION HOME. »
East side (No. 710) Webster St., 107 feet
north of Grove; a two-story residence of 6
rooms and bath, with stable; large lot, 30:6x77
feet .' .* ¦- -. r ' .
HARRIET STREET FLATS.
Southwest eide (Nos. 84-86-88) Harriet St..
75 feet northwest of Folsom; three modern well
built fiats 5-5-6 rooms and bath each and rent-
ing for ?S30 per annum; lot 27x75 ft. ,
FOLSOM STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Northwest eide (No. 1020) Folsom st. 75 feet
southwest of Harriet, three-story frame build-
ing containing store and 4 flats, all in good
condition and renting low at $840 per annum;
lot 25x75 feet. _;- ¦*
i V" ; MISSION" WARM BELT HOME. .:-„'-' ;
South side (No. 29) Dorland st. 2S5 feet west
of Guerrero; large two-story dwelling of 8
rooms and bath; could be easily converted into
-flats; large lot. 50:8x115 feet
COZY RICHMOND HOME.
West side (No. 223) Eleventh ave.. 250 feet
south of California st; a neat 8-room cottage;
modern and up to date; high basement, etc.;.
lot 25x120 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East 6ide (No. 235) Douglass St.. 145 feet
north of Nineteenth handsome modern cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation; lot 25
xl25 feet 1 ,:w>;
BAKER STREET COTTAGf:.
West side (No. 1413) Baker st, 100 feet south
of Sutter; a well built cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, with plenty of light and sun; on your
own terms; lot 25x100 feet
CHURCH STREET COTTAGE.
West side (No. 1504) Church St.. 30 feet south
of Twenty-seventh; modern cottage, 7 rooms,
bath and brick foundation; 10-foot basement;
lot 25x80... . . . . £ ,.7 4. - •¦ :
SIXTEENTH STREET. BUILDING LOTS.
South side of Sixteenth st. 271 :8V4 feet west
of Market; two fine -lots, level and ready, for
building; lots each 26x130 feet each. v
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st. .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
¦ 63S Market Street.
(5,250 — Seven flats of 4-3 rooms each; >' well
built and in good condition; always
rented; near 7th and Harrison sts.;
lot 50x80 feet; rents $6S4 per annum.
$6,150 — Two handsome flats of 5-6 rooms; san-
itary plumbing; strictly modern: close
to Golden Gate Park;' rents. $600 per
• annum; lot 25x120 feet
$7,750 — Golden Gate ave. -flats, near Scott st. ;
north side of street; modern; good as
new; rents $700 per annum; frontage
- of 30 feet \
$8,750 — Howard St., near New Postofflce: 3
flats of 6-7-8 rooms and bath; lot 25x
82:6 feet; worth the money.
$9,250 — Two fine Larkin-st flats of .7-6 rooms
and bath; garden: sunny all day; near
California st.;- fine future for this
property; lot 30:6x100 feet.
$11,250 — Elegant Pacific Heights residence; su-
perbly finished; - magnificent interior
decoration; never before offered; ex-
cellent marine .view: ¦ 10 rooms; ' lot
27:6xl27:S feet. .
$15,500 — A northwest corner on Kearny st. flot
40x60 feet; a bargain; 7 flats and store
always rented; rents $1SOO per annum;
big interest
$16,500 — Six fine flats 7-6 rooms and baths; ex-
tra foundations; excellent repair; per-
manent tenants; rents $1620 per an-
num; -north side of Oak st, near
, . , Pierce; lot 50x137:0 feet
$36,000 — Six new elegant modern . flats of 7
rooms and bath, etc.; latest model;
Vallejo St.. northwest corner; marine
¦ ¦ view unexcelled r lot 40x120 feet; rents
$4000 per annum. .: ¦. ..-¦ . •• -
$75,000 — East line of Dupont St., near . Wash-
ington St.; large 4-story brick build- !
Ing: rents $6000 per annum; lot
60x137:6 through to Brenham place;
. fronting Portsmouth. square and Hall
of Justice. . ... • . j , :
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., -
C38 Market Et.
JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market st.; corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sol*.
Rents Collected. " .
$7,000 — Six flats on Harrison st, near Fourth;
25x86: rent $636 per annum.
$3,800 — New 2-story house in the Mission, with
store; sun all day!" V - -
$12,500 — Three new flats on Page st. near Ash-
bury: rents $112 50 per month. ' . . .
$8,500 — Jackson st., near Baker; 3. modern
. flats; rents $81 50 per month. ' ¦ ¦ "
$20,000 — House and lot near Stockton & Sutter.
$20,000 cash, balance on easy terms; a very
good income producing property of 12
flats and residence of 9 rooms; stable;
chicken yard; lot in rear to build on;
.'-'", '•' - »rents $3000 per annum.
$10,00©— Bay-window bouse of 3 modern fiats;
¦ • rents $10C0 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
. . £cottst. near Geary; worth $12,000.
$3,000— Corner house and lot, 25x133; 8 rooms.
$2,400— Cottage of 6 rooms: well and 10 fruit
.-•;.•• trees in rear; lot 25x100; at 26th and
¦ Harrison. .. ¦ • : . ¦ .-
$2,600— Harrison and Twenty-sixth sts.; corner
lot; 25x100. -'".•
$350 — Corner lot near Thirty-fourth and Mis-
sion sts. ; 25x75. - , ; ..
$250 each — Four lots, 23x75; near Thirty-
fourth and Mission sts.
West Berkeley— Corner lot on Bancroft way and
Seventh st. ¦ .
$500 — Fourth st, bet Channing and Bancroft
way; sewered; sidewalk; lot 52x135. '/¦
$600— Lots 22 and 23. Raymond ¦ Tract ;¦ Ban-
croft way and Eighth st. ; 100x100. .
$600— Let 22; Mitchell st, near San Pablo
ave.; 50x100.
East Oakland — On Louis st., near Prospect; for
eale or exchange for city property.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished; lot
. 126x300; price $2000.
Campbell, . Santa Clara County — Cottage of S
• ¦' ; rooms; lot 40x120; price $750. ;
Shasta. County — 040 acres of white oak.
WE are the only company paying each contract
in CO days; others require 20 months, or near-
ly 2 years. to pay the same amount; our plan
has been examined and indorsed by the best
contractors in the city; monthly payments
before maturity $1 00. receiving credit for $1;
monthly payments after- maturity $5 50, re-
ceiving credit for $5. Office 497-38 Parrott
building. Open from 9 a. m,- until 9 p. m.
BARGAIN — New house of (S rooms and -bath:
all modern imnrovements. besides store and
living-rooms in lower floor; cheap; ' easy
terms. £ee- owner oij premises NW. .corner
Cheuery and Faifmount. sts. '
$1400— UNION St., above Taylor, Marion place;
. grand view; 15 minutes' walk to Market and
Kearny. Apply drug store, 400 Montgom-
ery ave. • . ¦ - ' , .
$1400— TWO new modern cottages. $1400 each;
bath, closet, sink, nice yard, fence; 2S min-
utes' ride to Third and Market sts.; S400
cash, balance $14 per month. WELLS &
SAUNDERS. C30 Market st.
APPRECIATED If seen: new, elegant sunny
modern cottage; 6 large rooms and bath; Kan
Jose ave., near Valley st., bet. 2Sth and 20th;
Guerrero-st. cars pass door.
K-VX) — MUST be paid : $3000 cash only; rents
(CO. Apply on premises, 2023 Sutter Et, near
Lyon. ? - . . : . .
$1100— MISSION cottage. and lot: easy terms.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 640 Market st.
PAPERING room, walls. $1 50: painting. $1 ;
whitening. 75c. Palnterf 315 Golden Gate av.
REAL ESTATE— COUJVTRY— For Sale
$5000— 4- ACRE fruit and chicken ranch; 8-room
modem house, large barn, sheds, incubator,
chicken-houses. . 800 chickens, over 300 full-
bearing fruit trees, wagon, buggy, harness,
tools, cow; all in first-class condition; % mile
from electric car. town and ? school : • a fine
place. HEALY St CARR. 6 Eddy st. .
WRITE for list of farms and ranches. " ~ '-
Unimproved land in tracts,' 2 acres or more,
at $40 to $300 per acre; for Jruit; grain, garden
or oranges; located In Alameda, v San Joaquln
and other counties. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy
street ' • ,-. ¦- --.-,.
A DELIGHTFUL country place, . 160 acres;
elevation 2000 In mountains; 4 miles south
' Mountain , a View; > within 3 hours'- of Sa 1
Francisco: grandest panoramic view <In '
State: attractive surroundings; 3 fine springs;
* perfect health home; small cottage; excel-
lent stable; necessary outbuildings; 4 acres
assorted orchard: 4 acres bearing vineyard;
must sell; great bargain. .See owner from 9
to 11 a. m., 238 Montgomery. FLINN. HAR-
RINGTON & CO.
PROFITABLE orange.-- lemon, peach and prune
lends to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 • Eddy st
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
——FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-—^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre,: on Rancho
Cotati, . Sonoma Co. ;- future value assured,. 1 as
San-Francisco Is growing "rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. . Apply
to ..The Cotati Co., 302 . Calif ornia st. for
pamphlets and Information. ". ¦ . "••--; .
Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and ' Peninsular
properties. . see WOOSTER, .* WHITTON ." &
MONTGOMERY, '634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
PROPERTY WANTED. . ¦"_¦/¦_
WANTED — San Francisco property for. Eastern
buyers: call soon. EMMONS & SON. Mills
building. - ¦ • ¦ • - - . ¦ .- ¦.--..-'
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
CALL and see the Alameda Land Company.
Great bargains ' offered : this • week. $2150
buys a- new modern- 5-room- cottage; -lot 40x
120; a snap. Will build, rent, and sell you
ton easy terms. ' : ..
• ALAMEDA LAND ' COMPANY. ,
1500 Park St.. Alameda. Tel. Grand 1461.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. .
NEW.S-room cottage; bath, -mantel, basement;
sewered: corner lot, 40x100; Golden" Gate. .
$1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.- ' -: ' . . ¦ ;
$1750— $550 cash, balance flat loan. ' Pacific
Home Building Company, 30 Nevada block,
San Francisco.
A THOROUGHLY well built house of 11 rooms,
bath, etc.. on the sunny side of street and
near the university- and Head seminary; lot
100x130; a gentleman's home. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
COTTA.GE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE~2I18 BROADWAY. .
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
GEORGE WV AUSTIN, '¦¦.]¦¦ "•¦""' ~
460 T^enUi st. Oakland.
J1000 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms; hot and cold
water; hall; porcelain sink, etc. ; newly.palnted
and 'papered;, sunny side; 'street work .'and
walks complete; "near cars and school; terms If
desired; No. 1743 Filbert St., near Twenty-
sixth; go and see it. ' • '
$2350 — Modern cottage of 6 rooms, bath,
high basement, bay window, brick foundation,
etc.; all in fine condition; lot 50x125 feet, with
stone walks, open lawn, etc. ; on Myrtle st. ;
close in; location very desirable. v .. ,
$3750 — Owner away; a genuine snap; a' per-
feet little gem of a home; 7 rooms; porcelain
bath* etc.; lawn, stone walks, etc.; choice lo-
cation; strictly residential; $1000 cash will do;
could not be built nicer.
GEORGE W.AUSTIN.
'¦ " ' 460 Tenth St., Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. .
New pretty homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all mod-
ern: prices moderate; vacant 40-foot lots; $800
to $1000; elevated above the street and includ-
ing street <wcrk complete; on Merrimac or
Twenty-eighth st, between Telegraph ave.
and Grove St.; choicest and cheapest property
in Oakland; close In and handy to schools
and churches. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premises or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, '
460 Tenth St. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR j SALti.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st, Oakland.
ROOMS -FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL (The). 1773 Market— Sunny suite, with
. grate, gas and kitchen, .$20; telephone.
EDDY, 445 — Rear 4 furnished sunny rooms;
large sunny yard; rent $17.> '¦¦-'¦•
GROVE, 425 % — 3 large nicely furnished r«oms;
stove,, sunny yard; garden; $11; German
family. -'.-... . ;.
HARRISON, 731 — Four rcoms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: bath; $16.
HOWARD, 1003 — 2 sunny connecting completely
furnished hkpg. rms.; range, running water.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny frdnt narior- with -kitchen;
front basement suite 2 or 3 rms; yd.; laundry.
LARKIN. 1010 — Newly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; light housekeeping. .
LILY ave., 10S— Sunny unfurnished front room.
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary, near Mason— ¦•
' Housekeeping rooms furn. complete; sunny.
OAK, 117— Nicely furnished sunny suit; sink;
gas; range; phone; every convenience; $12 up.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Nicely furnished rooms, sin-
gle or en suite; suitable for- housekeeping; 10
minutes' walk from center of town. . ¦ .- . .
POWELL. 1005, cor. Clay — 2 sunny. rooms, $16;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
SEVENTH, 28— 2 sunny furnished rooms, house-
keeping, $16; others, $12, $8. $G; bath, phone.
STOCKTON. 1200 — Single housekeeping rooms
to let, $4, $0. $10; gas and stove. :•• ¦ i
THIRD, 415-=Nlcely furnished . housekeeping
rooms;- gas; range; bath. '-•
TWELFTH, 40 — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping.- ; . ¦.,-.-
A BRANCH office ror Call advertisements and
fubecrlptlons has been established at 1090 Va.
. l«ncla st. ; - •¦ ' •
ROOMS TO LET — Farm, and Unfarn.
A— FREE list furnished rooms to let:- with or
without board ; we eave you walking ths
streets. Touriit Renting Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant.
Bunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars .to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached. - -. . ¦
A — BRUNSWICK' House. 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms.; open all night . ¦¦¦
BURNETT, 1426 Market -(Old No. 1364)— Fur-
nisbed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,'
¦ week or month; .bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms;- prices reasonable.
EDDY, 106 — Newly furnished sunny suites;
also slnsle rooms. . -¦
ELLIS, 310 — Newly furnished sunny front room
reasonable.
ELLIS. 321' (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
85c, $1 60 night; $1 B0. $6 wk.; open all night
ELLIS. S02 — Large sunny front room ; - rent
reasonable.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-'
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission^
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges: suit, single, elevat/
IN the Mission, to an elderly gentleman, a nice
home in small family; terms moderate. Box
4647, Call office.' ¦:.--. ' . . .
JESSIE. 363, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. $5 and $6 per month.' ' . . . ¦
MASON. 307 — Newly furnished rooms, single
or en suite. Apply room 220, Parrott bldg.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths: newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. CG7. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; , transient. .. >
NEW . ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely, fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up: 35c: a day up.
O'FARJIELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator.', elec. lights : day. week. . mo.
POST, 835— Large ' sunny furnished room; gas;
bath; 1 or 2 gents;- references. . : _ -.-
ROYAL House,' 120 Ellis— Incandescent UrM,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1' 60;. week.' $2
to $8; month,- $8 to $30;: elevator, on: ground'
; floor; rooms with. hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 ' Eighth st,
• ' near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. • ¦ ¦
, SUTTER, : 1022%. . nr. ; Hyde— Large double par-
, lors, furnished; • sun- allday; phone." ¦ . ¦.
VALENCIA. 1232— Nicely Xurnlshed room sun-
'.. ny and warm ; • gas ; bath ; near depot ,-¦> :
Vendome, -1104 ' Market-4Changed hands; newly,
renovated; furn, "suites. • Mrs. V. ' W. •¦ Miller.:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore."
,' , BOOMS ASD BOARD. - •
MEREDITH, ¦ 218 Turk— Sunny ¦ front ;' room*;
- electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
-first-class board; reasonable; phone South S29.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Manslon)--8eleot
family hotel; exceptional, table; popular rates. .
VAN NESS, . 007— To a * reflned , couple ; '¦' large
¦ ¦•; sunny iparlor, with 'board,'- in'; private^ home.',
JOHNSON, Trie.-. . 605 ;:.- O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.,
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome ¦ furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; .< first-class • table ; board."
IXSTRPMEXTS.
A— SPECIAL sale. And special discounts on 100
ctandard makes, including: 1 Knabe., $9S;
1 Uaynfs, $190; 1 Conover. $215; 2 Chlcker-
ing. $1S3; 1 Heine. $290; 4 Stelnway. $1S3:
Berts. S2 up; installments, $3 up. Over 0000
H'-ine Pianos arc in use in San • Francisco.
rr.d not one can be had outside of the com-
pany's v-arcrooxns. All the leading musi-
cians use and indorse the Heine Piano.
<"::r.e eocn; sale will close on completion cf
the new Heine Hall. 2U5-237 Geary et.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of .prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them.- but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
cssortment of btft makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter nts.. S. F. ; Broad-
f way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
A GOOD piano is a source of constant delight
find no one can afford to deny himself or the
family such a pleasure when a piano can be
st cured from us so low and upon such easy :
terms. Our stock embraces the Decker &
Bon. Wissner. Baumeister and Stodard. THE
ZENQ MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. ¦
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ CURTAZ &
SON*. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos. .
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OFarrell «t.; established 1850.
DEALERS, "big profits saved on unredeemed
pianos; selling f or etorage and -advances; up-
rights. $37 up (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
age. 1710 Market st
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
st., San Francisco. Agents Chasfe & Baker
piano players.
6OHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
Lester pianos; Spielmann pianos; Cecillan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308. 310.
312 Post st.
SMALL upright. $35: large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, j$275
Bowers & Son. 23 5th et. Ivers & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain ;. best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO., corner Sutter and Powell ste. -
PARTY going to locate in London must sacri-
fice handsome upright piano. 811 O'Farrell.
3 LEADING pianos— stetnway, Chiekering.
Weber; cither makes, at FAY'S, 1729 Mission.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MLLLER. maker, repairer.. 2 Latham place.
MATRIMO RIAL. -
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 18S7: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AJfD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
etery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
tt.; tel. Bush 421.
Erase. Iron beds; mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PROMINENT store; corner McAllister et and
Van Ness ave.; suitable for drug store or
any first-class business; rent reasonable.
Apply BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$2-* — LARGE store. 1056 Howard: good place
for any business; best business block.
Larse store with baset.. front. Clay-Merchant,
above Montgomery; lease. Keys 636 Clay.r.L
OIL.
OIL tacks, 2nd-hand. in good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. . 130-132 Beale «t
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Booms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. S.
C ROMAIKE. 640 G. <?. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTHY.
MRS. E. PEARCETscientlflc business "palm5t
parlors 14% and 15. The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket Et; hours from 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by mail. $L
JiM£. G. L NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4~ 700
Pott «*.. corner of Jones; pfaoc« Polk 837.
13. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor ft., bet. Geary ana Post :teL Black 5C1.
PERSONALS.
EVERYBODY says, Mr. Lederer. your hair
dressing is ihe best in the city and you
only charge 25c; eh&mpooing, 50c; hair diled
in 10 minutes; manicuring 25c G. LED-
ERER. 123 Stockton Et.
JLN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
SZ.ii ; with these suits we make an extra, pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
VTHY guess? Ycu can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1C21 Market. nr.6th.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
£Sc to $1 to per sight; $1 50 to $6 per week;
iree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. - 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white ehtrU; selection 300 patterns.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C-Dudley, 1702 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market et - . •
ilONEY loaned at low interest; gold, sliver.
Cianonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t •
VHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. f2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. iaiC-1312 Stockton mu. near Broadway.
A school to learn halrdretslng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles deatroyed with I
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr. G. S. Moore.332O' Farrell ; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
fc raoiw destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10 ;
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna »t !
ilrs. Brigg«— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
fcy electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
Uae<juerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 2C O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric fc electrlc-IiKht baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatiEm.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
K UPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mry.Traverse.ll70 Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
fcalr to its natural color; fi; at all druggists.
C.VE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggistg.
1IAEQUERADE coEtumes, play books wles-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.'
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pant*. $2 50
Mi£flt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush ar.d Dupont
DP.. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn <rcre. 25c; nil druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SOUGEOAS~
AN established paying medical specialist's buM-
r.< SS for sale at a bargain; clearing $50u0 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc., all go; opportunity given for in-
vestigation to those v.-ho mean business; sat-
isfactory rt£E0U3 for selling. Bos 4511. Call.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul.
tattoo free. Drs. Forflen & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
turgeon, at 484 Valencia St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102H4 Market St.. bet Sixth and Seventh. .
LEGAL ADVERTISEMEXTS.
— ~—j ; 1
OFFICE of the Sierra Railway Company of
California. 22a Crocker bldg;. Ban Francisco.
Cal.. April 1. 1902— Coupon No. 10. due April
12. 1002, from first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
cf the Sierra Railway Company of Califor-
nia, will be paid at the fiscal agency, of this
oompany, the Crocker-Woolworth National
Bank of San Francisco. Cal.. on and after
that date, fi. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks
Wach.. March 4. 11*02. — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a. m.
April 4, 1902. and then opened, for the con-
struction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash., of
a subsistence- storehouse. For full- informa-
tion, plans and specifications apply to thi»
olflce. United States reserves right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any ' part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
cbould be marked: "Proposals for construe
tion cf a subsistence storehouse at Vancouver
Barracks, Wash." end addressed to under-
•dnted. J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
¦-'.•¦ «>-"> ; - ' OSPECIAIi .XOTiCES. \ .-;J;- ;
BAD tenants ejected 'for $4;. collections made;
city., or country:".: PACIFIC .' COLLECTION
: -. CO., : 415 ; Montgomery, .rooms .' 9rlO; ; tel. ¦ 55S0.
SE1VING HIACUIKES ¦ AND - SUPPL.IK8.
ALL kinds bought,' sold.' rented, 1 ex.,* repairing;
-lowest-rates;' phone Howard 3264. ;: 145 Sixth:
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, -exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel/ Green 144. 305 4th.
STORAGE AND ' WAREHOUSES. •
PISRCE-RODOLPH Storage and. Moving Co.,*
' office Post and Powell Sts. ; tej. Main 5713. i
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. ¦ F.; W..ZBHFUSS. ;
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 030 Market st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.-:
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Coni-
; pany, 2320 Ftllmore'st. ; phone Jackson 281. \
TYPEWRITERS "AND SUI'PLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
. sell better machines for less, money than any
- house in the city; rentals $3. -The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone. Main 2G6.
WEBSTER 'Typewriter 'Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. : A dividend, 1 No. 40, of. seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
. payable at the office of . the company, rooms
: 202-204-206 Hayward building, , San . Fran-
' Cisco,, on April 10. 1002. Transfer books close
: April 3. 1902. at noon. J. R. LEAVELL,
» Secretary. '.-'-¦ -t
" MAREIAGE ,, LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: 5 •'¦„*¦''?,¦" '- '¦¦•¦ ' :
Frank L. Garcia", .28, 425 Broadway,: and
Mabel A. Hadeler,-22, 244% N Clementina street:
Henry Rattagan, 29, ¦¦1613 Sutter street, and
Vlctorine Albert, 'Ji. 1613 Sutter street." /
John T. Gorman, 28, ¦ 5S Albion avenue, and
Mary J.- Faulkner, 20, 111'FIllmOre street.. '-
John Flanacan, 20, 123 Langton street, and
Bridget Norton, 24, 123 Langton street
Frederick Boeken, 29, 1S0O O'Farrell street,
and Josie'Dewan; 2U, "1624 Geary- street" -. r .
• John i T. McGpwan, 30. city, and Mary A.
Gotelli, - i'2, city. . " :
Carlo Balconi, 27, St. Helena; ¦ and Ferari
Santina, • 21, St. " Helena.
Christian H. Hilbert, .34,- city, and Marie H.
RObWns, 24; Suisun. . •
George S.: Voerckel,' 23. 218 Division street,
and Grace Coburn, . 21, 1015 Devisadero street.
David H. Geib, 28, - 709 Treat avenue, and
Annie Williams, 20, 2S0 Shipley street. :.
" Alfred Soulages, 1 5:8,: 417 JBush street, and
Rosie Crouzet, £5, C25 Pine: street.
John": H. Bornholdt, :31," Nome," Alaska,' : and
Florence A. Warner, 28, ' Grass Valley. •' -• '¦
Frederick" W. Noll, 22," HI Grant avenue, and
Bella T.-. Matthews, 19, Oakland. .
Patrick F. Keeley. 26, .277 Natoma street,
and' May Daly, "21, . 719% Tehama: street.-
Frank H.", Byers, 33,2022 McAllister street,
and Georgia' E. Crow, -lO/'Uklahv • • -.
Frederick L.. Ruddock, ¦ 24, , 2910 Twenty-fifth
Street, and Sallle F. Lennon, 23, 527 Church st.
John S- Brant, 36, '1712 Jones street, an'-l
Amanda Werner, .27, 10|8 Pacific street.
BIRTHS— MARRJ&6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, -jnarriasre and death notices "sent by
mail will not be inserted. They, must be handed
in at either of the . publication offices and be
Indorsed with the. name: and residence of. per-
sons authorized to. have the same published. '
¦ - ' . • BpRN.
ERKSTEIN^-In this city, 'March 11, 1902, to
- the wife of Cash Erksteln. a daughter.
MAEBIED.
BAER — COHEN — In this city, March 30, 1902
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Albert Baer and
Flora E. Cohen. ' ¦ " . ' ¦
MORRISON— MUELLER— In this City, March
" 29, 1902, by the Rev. J. H." Schroeder, Sani-
uel Morrison and Augusta Mueller.
DIED.
Andren. Gustave A. Mogan, Joseph A.
Blennerhassett, Mary Munson. Wlllard E.
Boland. Julia --.-; O'Brien, Elizabeth
Dorr, Freddie • ' O'Brien, Jeremiah- T.
Dowdell. James' O'Connor, John J. . •
Hempt, Joseph " - . ; Witter. John' /.-* :
Joel, James L. " ' Rosenstock. Samuel
Jones, Arthur H. Senf. George ¦
Kamps, Catherine'" . Taylor. James
Kane, Grace. J. ' Torres, Arturo'W. j
Leiser, Frederick A. . Von Lochner, Joseph
Lyons, Michael J. Weber, Charles J. e
. McFadden. James "Whitmore. John R:
. . Michael, . Wilfred
ANDREN — In this city, March 01, 1902, Gus-
. tave A., beloved husband of ,*?arle C. An-
: dren, 1 and father>of Marjorie Elizabeth* and
Gustave Andren, a native of Sweden, aged 31
years'* months ahd~I3 daysr "
BLENNERHASSETT— In . Oakland, ADrll *l.
; 1902, Mary Ellen ' Blennerhassett beloved
• wife of Edwin Blennerhafsett, and beloved
mother of Charles, Harman and Virginia
V Blcnnerhaasett, a native of Missouri, aged 42
.¦¦years. -•'.,. « ;'. ;..;•• : ¦ .,. ¦.;...•.¦ ., • ".- .,-. ¦
BOLAND — In this eity, r March ho) 1902, - Julia,
. beloved wlfe" : of i Richard J. . Boland ! loving
mother of Edward, Ella, Bessie, Anna, Juliet
¦and -' Marion Boland. daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. C. Brosnahan, and sister of Mary. Cor-
nelius. Daniel, Lizzie, Anna, Thomas, Teresa'
and Joseph Brosnahan, a native of Vallejo,
Cal., aged 30 years 7 months and 4 days.
'.' ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Wednesday)," at 9' o'clock," 1 -from, the resl-'
dence of her parents." 128 ¦ Virginia street,
Vallejo, . thence to St. ".Vincent's Church
Vallejo, where a spiern.ri requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mehclng at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St Vin-
cent's Cemetery, ' Vallejo. ' •
"DORR — In ¦¦. this city. April 1. 1902, Freddie.
- dearly ; beloved and only son of Conrad and
.Katie -Dorr, and brother • of Mathilde and
¦ Lizzie Dorr, a native of -San Francisco, aged
6 years 1 month and 5 days. \
DOWDELL-^-In St. Helena, • March 31.' 190^
Jamee Dowdell, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years. . . ... •: ' . ' '-. - • ",O./,:
HEMPT— In this city, March 29, 1902, Joseph
Hempt. a native of Austria, aged 64 years
and 17 days.*.-. ;' •-.• - ... •
! • in^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral s«rvtces
to-day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of the California* Undertaking Com-
pany,' 405 Powell - street •' near < Post. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock; train; from Third _and Townsend
, streets. .•.¦'.' .' -, - . • .'.
JOEL— In this city, March 31, 1902,, James
Lewis Joel, beloved son of Jeannette and the
¦ late'Albert Joel.. >and brother of .Mrs. A
Goldstein and Otto and Arthur Joel, a native
of San Francisco, aged 24 years^ 6, months
and 20 days. (New York papers please copy )
(Cy Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1214 Eddy street. . Tnterment ' at
Homn of Peace Cemetery, by traint leaving
Third.^ind Townsend, streets at 11:30 o'clock.
JONES— In,San Jose, . March 30. 1902, Arthur
' Howel Jones, beloved husband of Aurilla E "
Jones, and brother of Gatty Jones, a native
of Dolgelly. Wales, aged 35 yean; 9 months
andl day. .';•-; ' ; ¦ . -. • • _
KAMPS— In this city, April 1,' 1002, Catherine
beloved wife of Frederick W. KamDs, be-
loved mother of George. W., Edward A and
Amanda C. Kamps, ; a native of Germany
nged 65 years 4 months and 4 days.
tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited. to attend the funeral • to-morrow
'Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from, the family
residence, 15:13 Castro : street, near Twenty-
fifth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
.- carriase.V • ' .'';;" ' ¦ ¦:¦
KANE — In thfs city, March 31/19C2,' Grace
Jo3ephine. dearly beloved daughter of James
M. ¦ ar.d Minnie E.f Kane, a native 'of -San
FrnnciEco. aged- 5 years 3 ¦ months and 5
days. • . - - . . . ¦ -. '. - .::.. v.
(CTThe ¦ funeral will take place . to-day
(Wednesday): at/1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 864 Hdlrht street. Interment Holy
Crr.sip Cemetery. : .•'¦' ¦ • •
LEISER— In Indlo. Cal:. 'March 31," 1902, Fred-
HENRY J; GALLAGHER CO.
•" r " (Successor to Flannagan &. Gallagher ) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND . EMBALMERS
• ,20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln • School
', ..V- ¦ ' . Telephone , South 80.: ¦ ..,-
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
¦¦¦':¦ ; NEAREST THE CITY. .. ¦•
Office, SI6 Market Street.
. --- ¦¦ ', Telephone;' Bush 1 367.' -
I jambs mcginn^ , ¦•;;:;
Formerly' with >• McGinn ' Bros.; '• has . opened
new Funeral' Parlors at : 214, Eddy 'St.' bet
-Taylor.. and Jones. ."Telephone South 076. ; : :.
NEWlFlUnrt V OF UNDERTAKERS.
¦;¦. .Samuel' McFadden," 18 years; manager for
. the . Unjt^d -Undertakers'' Association ; M. J.
McBrearty.'? with. the : same company for 18
, years; V;> F.', Green, late .with 3., C. , 6'Con-
¦ iior,&- Co..*; have: opened new: Funeral ; Par-'
-lors at 1171 ¦."Mission. st, between Seventh'
• and : Eighth. Telephone .- South . 44. -.?'>.;• ••li
i J imiT^UNDERTAkERsV
¦: ¦¦-¦-*• »7 and ; »O Fifth St. Tei.South W I
rWERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. 1 1
.- rinctt^ Equipment y Moderate > Ratea. -t\
AlcGINNvBROS..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and ; EMBALM-
"ERS.'to 224 and 22(T McAllister St. "(For-
merly of 31 Edd^ if ¦ Tel. ¦- South 252.) -
;. erlck ; Adolph Lelser. a native of San Fran-
cisco,- a^ed' 39 years. ¦ . ' ' •- " - - •
LYONS— In this city, .April ¦ 1. . 1902, Michael
¦¦; ? Joseph,' ", beloved ': husband . of *¦ Bridget Lyons,
; and father of .Rose, Katie and Robert Lyons,
-;Mrs. , J. Nagle and the late Mrs. Annie Scho-
' field, -' a native : of Athlone,'. County . Roscom-
¦¦¦mon, 1 Ireland, 'aged. 76 years.; :.--. •./•¦ ¦ .
.-- > - 1 IC7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
j fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦\' (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 548 -Ash avenue,; thence to Sacred
.. Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
v/iii, be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
*•¦* commencing at 9 o'clock. '/ • ->> J -.; - > •:.
McFADDEN— In thls ! city. ' March 31, ' 1902.
V James,- beloved husband of Lizzie McFadden,
' and father of Mamie. Sarah, James, • John
• and : - Eddie / McFadden. a native of Ireland,
aged ; 55 years. *- ¦¦-'• : . ¦
MICHAEL — In Paraiso Springs, Cal.. March
31, 1902, , Wilfred, beloved son of G. W. and
Louise ; Michael, , and brother of Harry L., .
Robert W.; Charles W., John, Christiana and
Jlcleri Michael, a native "of San Francisco,
-. aged 18 years 10 months and 1 day.
' ETNbtlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
• at- the 'residence of his parents, 547 Page
street.-'- 1.-,' :> -,-j . . . ;
MOGAN— In this city,' March 30. 1902, Joseph
A: Mogan, beloved husband of Violet J. Mo-
. gan, son of Mary and the ¦ late John Mogan,
and brother ¦ of Mrs. J. . Kitterman and Co-
lunb, : Austin and "Minnie Mwcan.
- Cty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the 1 funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence, 602 Flttiert street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, ; where la 'solemn " requiem "high
mass will b« ce'ebrated at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mcun< " Calvary Cemetery. - , ,
MUNSON— In tl-is city, April 1, 1902. Wlllard
Edwin, beloved husband of "Grace A. Mun-
son, son of Lizzie S. Munson. and brother of
Mrs. Laura H. Brod, Mrs. Lucy M. Rosenberg
and Grant L. and Lincoln H. Munson, a na-
tive of California. - . .
• lETThe funeral and Interment will take:
place at Auburn. Cal.. Thursday. April 3,
1902. Please omit flowers.
O'BRIEN— In this city,. March 30, 1902, Eliza-
beth, beloved . wife, of the late Thomas
-O'Brien, and mother of Edward, John an.'.
Thomas O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged
• 54 years. . . . , . . ¦
- Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited /to attend the funeral to-day
" (Wednesday), at 0; o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-220 McAllister
street, ¦ thence to Holy Cross Church, where
> a solemn . requiem mas3 will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
•" tery. . • v - ¦; . -• -• • '. ,- - . ¦ ¦ • :
O'BRIEN— -In this v city. April 1, 1902, Jere-
miah T., beloved brother of the late Corne-
• lius, Michael' and Bartholomew O'Brien and
Mrs. Catherine ¦ Kingston, a native of • Clona-
. kilty County, Cork, Ireland, aged C2 years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
• at the parlors, of Me Avoy & Co., 1239 Market
.street, between Eighth and Ninth. :
O'CONNOR— In Oakland, March 31, 1002, John
James, beloved husband . of Ellen: T. O'Con-
nor, and father of Patrick, Frank, Margaret,
Joseph, Catherine, Nellie, Charles, Vincent,
Aloyslus and Willie O'Connor and Mrs. Mln-
. nle Fellz. a native * of County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged fi5 years 10 months and 7 days.
¦' JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
at ; 9, o'clock, from bis late ¦• residence; C87O
Fremont street, between Fifty-eiehth "and
Fifty-ninth, thence to St. Columba's Church.
¦ where a- requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30^ o'clock. ; Interment St. Mary'3
¦ Cemetery, Oakland. .-' . ¦ • •
RITTER— In this city, March 31,- 1902.- John
Ritter. a native of Vienna, aged 35 years.'
C7Remains- at the funeral Darlors-of
Charles H. J.- Truman & Co., 1909 Mission
street between '.Fifteenth, and. Sixteenth.
ROSENSTOCR— In this city, April 1, 1902,
Samuel W. Rosenstock, beloved husband of
Sarah Rosenstock. arid father of Mrs. J. R.
" K. Nuttall, aged 70 years 1 month and 7
. days. - - ,.. — . ¦ . . :
EyFuneral and interment private. ¦ • ¦ .= .
SENF— In this city, April 1, 1902, -Georgs
j Senf," beloved husband of the late Lizzie A.
Senf, and stepfather of Leon S. Qulmby and
Eva E. : Senf, : a native of Germany, aged 67
years . and - 1 day. "(Sacramento, Cal.,' and
¦ .Virginia City, Nev., papers please copy.) •
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
- chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TAYLOR — In this city, March 30, 1902, James
Taylor, a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged
. 41 years. > _ ,;*:."
¦ (E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors, of Charles H: J. Truman & Co., 1909
Mission street,- between Fifteenth and Slx-
, teenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
' via 11 :30 o'clock train. . •'.¦-• . > -
TORRES — In - this ' -city, March 31, . 1902, Ar-
turo W. Torres, father of Carmellta Evs
- Torres, beloved son of Francisco Torres, and
brother of Mn. O. C. Weir and Mrs. J. R.
Gallardo, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
- years 5 months and 19 days.
VON LOCHNER— In this city,' March 29, 1902.
Joseph von | Lochner, a . native of Germany,
: aged 53 years. .-....¦ • .... -. ¦;.,..- ....
ICTFrlends. 'and acquaintances are respect-
, fully . invited . to attend the funeral' to-day
(Wednesday); at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
; lors of H. "F. Suhr & .Co.. 1137 Mission street.
between Seventh and Eighth. I Cremation Cy-
I press- Lawn Cemetery.
WEBER— In this city,- March 31, 1902, Charles
. J." Weber, beloved son of Katharine and the
; late George Weber, and brother of Henry
and Peter Weber and Mrs. J. Krehmke, a
native, of | San Francisco, aged 28 years •' »
- months and 2C days..^ : ¦ ... ,*a j 1. .',-,-
¦ |E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral Thurs-
j day," -'-April 3." 1902, at I o'clock, from the
residence of his mother, 1605 Dupont street,
thence to the Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason
street, where services will be held under the
auspices of San Francisco Parlor No. 49,
N.-.S.-G. W. Also a /member of Seneca
Tribe No. 104, I/O. R. M. -.. << •¦
THE -officers and members of San Francisco
Parlor No. 49. N, S. G. W., will assemble
at N. S. G. W. Hall, 414 Mason street at 1
. o'clock, Thursday. • April 3, .1902, to attend
¦ .the -funeral of our late brother, Charles J.
" Weber. By order BEN LEVY. President.
L. P. PO WELSON. Secretary. -
WHITMORE — In Santa Cruz, March 30, 1902,
- John R. Whitmore, beloved husband of Mary
'" C. Whitmore, and father of Joseph,' Chauncy,
• Olivia. Lenqre and Charlotte Whitmore and
Mrs. Merna- Nathan of San Francisco, aged
66 years 9 months and 2 days.
OBITUARY. ;
Henry Schroder, formerly • a well-known
resident and candy manufacturer of this
city, of the- old firm of Schroder, Albrecht-&
Hromada.died in his native town,. Beckstedt.
Hanover. Germany, March 28, at the age of
- 78 years.': -¦¦•¦¦--. 7 ; ¦ / - - - -,^.Judge Cabaniss yesterday .' sentenced
Frank Thompsoji. a .'colored youth, . who
was arrested Monday - morninir • for ¦ steal
ing a copy of. The Call from Mrs. Currier,
at 2714 Devisadero street, to pay a fine of
$20, with an alternative of thirty days'
imprisonment in the County Jail. . It was
shown that Thompson was in the habit of
stealing papers from, that neighborhood
andselling them s to soldiers, at the Pre
sidio. Judge Cabaniss said that too much
leniency. was- shown to. newspaper thieves
owing to ¦ the j fact that' they .were gener
ally boys, but in Thompson's case he was
old enough to know better. . '
Newspaper Thief Goes to Jail.
Damages for ITncle Sam.
A jury in the United" States Circuit
Court yesterday afternoon returned a ver
dict in favor, of the plaintiff j for $3009 in
the case^of the United States vs.: Joseph
B.La Due and George \Jensen. The.de
fendants are owners of the La Due Mills,
in SIskiyou County, and have been: saw
ing up some of Uncle Sam's timber. The
suit, which was brought for $7500. was
successfully prosecuted by Assistant
United States District Attorney E. J.
Banning-. • • ¦ - -/.v ¦- . . .• . '»
If you are going to. move ring up Main 1840,
Beklns Van and Storage Co. ' . • ' •
Dr.' Carradine has consented to hold
another series of services in this city
about this time >next year. ; . • . *
: The time of the added meetings will be
the .same ' as: before— at Peniel Hall. -19
Third street, at 10 a. m., and at Metropoli
tan Temple. Fifth street, near Market
at- 7:30 p.- m.
Dr.rCarradino is one of the clearest and
most forcible expounders of the doctrine
of -"holiness" in the: whole .country and
numbers of people have come from Sacra
mento," Stockton. San .'Jose and other
places- to hear him. . : .
The series: of meetings begun by Rev.
Dr. Beverley Carradlne on March 23 was
to have ended yesterday evening, ¦. but • In
consideration y of the many • people who
have been: unable to hear the great evan
gelist it has been decided to continue it
through: to-day and to-morrow.^
Benefit of "Thosa Who 'Have
. Not Heard Him. ,.
Will Deliver More Lectures for the
EVANGELIST CABB ADI3TE
EXTENDS HIS STAY
For To-Day Only.
B000 pairs ladies* and children's fine kid
shoes or ties for 25 cents. Also 1000 pairs
men's congress,, lace or button shoes for
$1 a pair. Pahl's former place, 324 Kearnv
street. I •
. All goods marked in plain figures. Spe
cial 10 per cent discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays. Leibold Harness Co., 211
Larkin street. • •
Big Sale of Harness.
In addition- to. the 'trade feature of the
Commercial '.Museum's show the. educa
tional view of the matter Is - sure . to at
tract attention. In the constitution. and
by-laws of the museum provision is made
that the exhibits shall be 'accessible to the
students of the college of commerce con
nected with the 'University of California.
In fact, they furnish a trade object les-
Eon. Director. Goodwin will probably have
all the exhibits so far received in position
by the end of the week.
In the line of imports, which furnish a
guide to the business community concern
ing the goods that are marketable in the
countries contributing to. the museum ex
hibit,-the most conspicuous feature is the
general cheapness of nearly all the im
ports that have a large vogue,- especially.
In South and Central America. The mar
gin of profit is evidently very small on
any shipment, but the consumption of the
goods used as exhibits is so large that the
business is well, worth striving for. Eng-
land. and Germany have been exerting
their best energies for years- to get con
trol of .the trade of the South and Cen
tral" American coimtries.
Ecuador has much the same exhibit as
Peru, with manufactured. chocolate, Peru
vian bark, agave fiber and other fibers
added. Costa Rica is represented by a
show of cereals, cocoa beans, leaf j to
bacco, sugar, coffee, gums and resins and
jaboncillo or vegetable. soap. Mexico du
plicates much that is shown by the other
countries that have been mentioned, and
is especially strong on fibers, gum copal,
a substance known as "silk cotton" and
manufactured fibers. Australia has exhib
its that are to be unpacked in a. day or
two. , . A
' The Pacific Commercial Museum has be
gun the . exhibition of the products and
imports of foreign countries in the space
allotted in the nave of the ferry building
bin this city. Several score of cases are
| arranged in rows, occupying quite a large
| area of ground ¦. room, and in these . Di
i rector Eugene Goodwin and his assist
¦ ants are busily engaged in placing- ex
hibits for public inspection. The show,
when it is completed, will be interesting
and unique. It is based upon the general
idea - that has made a . great commer
1 clal success of the Philadelphia Commer
cial Museum. Raw materials of the coun
tries of South and Central America and
Mexico, and some also from the Orient,
are, with the imports to the same coun
tries, the first to be taken from the pack
ing cases and given to the public view.
Peru is represented by quite a collection
of raw materials which It produces, in
cluding cotton, tobacco, alpaca, vicuna,
rice, sugar, cocoa, cocoa Ieave3 and co
caine. The Peruvian imports are also on
exu.oition. -A' «. — 7 ;
New Institution Opens
Exhibition in Perry
Building. ,
-¦-.'¦-a :¦¦ & - •>
MUSEUM SHOWS
FOREIGN WARES
'Middle man, Joseph Eagen; Pompey (with
tambourine). Louis Lazar; Caesar (with bones),
Thomas Eagen: Mr.. Simpson (with . tambour
ine), Arthur Olsen; • Mr. .- Dlnnerplate *.. (with
bones), Frank Gavin;': Mr.- Ebonyshine. Augu:.
tine Donovan; Mr. Rubifoam, James McKenna;
Mr. Green. Edward Cassidy; Mr. Grey, Thomas
Kenny; Mr. Emeraldlsle, Raymond Whitaker:
Mr. Jackson. John McKeon; Mr. Black. Ed ward
McKenna: Mr. Crystallne, Andrew . McKenna ;
Mr. Brown,-. Willie Lazar; Mr. White. Willio
Lewis: Mr. .Tohnslng, James 'McGushin: Mr.
Thompsing. Bernard : Eagen: accompanists —
Miss Gertrude Hopkins and Miss Daisy .Roche.
So successful was the entire production,
and so many people were unable to gain
admittance last night, that a second pro
duction of the performance is looked for
at an early date. "
Little Miss Mayrhoff, who is just six
years of age, was the star feature of the
second act, and willingly responded to en
core after encore. She was later presented
to Mayor Schmltz in his box and received
his hearty commendations. ¦ ' "
The principal characters in -.the minstrel
part of the programme were as follows:
Count Arnhelm,; Margaret Olson; Thaddeus,
Kathryn Barry;. Devilshoof, ., Dolly Roche;
Florcnsteln, Kathleen Roche; officer of guard,*
Frances Crowe; captain of guard, .Elizabeth
McKeon; Queen of Gypsies, May Bird; Arline,
Edna. Walsh; chorus — Levant Kelly, Mary
Eagen,' Lorctta Gavin, Gertrude Farley, * Cecil
Cowles, Genevieve- White, Irene White, Eva
Theagher. Blanche TheriUlon, Kathryn Bird,
Albertlna Mayrhoff. Charlotte McMahbn, Char
lotte McKeon. May Meagles. Ella Olsen, Nellie i
Crowe. Lizzie Meagles, Hattie O'Neill, Chris
tine Classen. Valentine ..Hastings, Josephine
Hogan.
Father Jones, O.P., wielded the baton
and directed the opera. Father Newell, O.
P., applied a fresh coat of varnish to
many newly painted joKes and brought
out • some young minstrels, who • were a
credit to their Instructor. The opera was
staged and costumed in a splendid manner
and the familiar airs were excellently ren
dered by the principals. Following is the
cast: /. ' •
St. Dominic's Church will be thoroughly
painted inside" and out as a result of the
entertainment given last night at the r Al T
hambra Theater for. the raising of funds
for .that ; purpose. . Every seat was occu
pied and the performance went through
without a hitch. The juvenile talent of the
church was used.' The junior; choir and
choral - union, composed of j young : ladies,
presented Balfe's tuneful opera, "The Bo
hemian Girl." Their brothers in the cause
gave a minstrel show, which was as well
¦presented as many a more famed aggrega
tion. ¦•¦•••;; ;,-. . .• ¦ . ¦'
St. Dominic's Children
Present Musical En
tertainment.
GROUND FLOOR PLAN OF
THE NEW TIVOLI OPERA
HOUSE. " -
DIAMOND THIEF
MAY BE CAUGHT
MAY BE HELD
AS ACCESSORY
John Stevens, Who Fled
From This City, Is
Now in Chicago.
Kitty Mclntyre Does Not
Show Any Remorse
for Her Conduct.
Mrs. Lydia jV Prescott, who has for
several years figured prominently before
the public in the work of various charita
ble organizations in San Francisco and
Oakland, is accused by Mrs. F. M. Smith
of Oakland, wife of, the "Borax King."
with having secured $100 from her under
false pretenses. The matter has been
brought to the attention of the Grand
Jury of Alameda County and action by
that body is now pending.
It is alleged that Mrs. Prescott repre
sented to Mrs. Smith that she was selling
to her a lite membership in the California,
bociety for tne .frevenuon of Cruelty to
Children of this city. In looking over the
annual report of the Children s Society
inrs. Smitn discovered that ner name dia
not appear in the list of life members.
She wrote to Secretary White, asking an
explanation. He informed her that she
was not credited in the society's bootts
with the lite membership fee. It then de
veloped that Airs. Prescott had collected
Sl«0 and had never turned the money over
to the society om'clais.
Mrs. Prescott was formerly employed in
the office of the California bociety tor the
Prevention -of Cruelty to Children. It is
stated that she was discharged from her
position. On {September 7, isa9, a short
time after her relations with the society
had been severed, she wrote to the board
of directors requesting that she be al
lowed to act as the society's agent in
Alameda County.
Not Authorized. SUS-
Several letters on file at the society's
office show that she was finally author
ized to act as an agent in Alameda Coun
ty, but she was especially directed not to
iuvolve the organization financially or
otherwise. She was also authorized to
secure new members, but was directed
not to collect fees from them. She wrote
a letter in which she agreed to the terms
as set forth on the records. On May 3,
l»00, the society officials became convinced
that Mrs. Prescott was making collec
tions in defiance of the terms of the.
agreement and she was notified by the
secretary that her services as agent were
at an end.
On January 27, 1902, Mrs. F. M. Smith
wrote her letter of inquiry to Secretary
White. It then developed that Mrs. Pres
cott had secured $100 as a life membership
lee on February 7, 1900, and while she was
Etill acting as agent of the society. By
the terms of the agreement, however, she
was particularly enjoined never at any
time to make collections for the society.
Mrs. Smith has a receipt for the pay
ment, made out on a society letter head
which is said to be five years old and not
officially In use for nearly that period of
time.
Mrs. Smith -made the supposed member
ship payment in the form of a check
made out to the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. The
check when presented at the bank was
made out to the "agt." of the society and
was indorsed by Mrs. Prescott as agent.
Grand Jury Investigates.
Mrs. .Smith and her private secretary
are said to have testified before the Grand
Jury of Alameda County that when the
check left their possession it was not
made out to the agent, but to the society.
It is also stated that the abbreviation
"agt." is written in another hand than
that in which the rest of the check Is
made out. Colonel Parnell. Secretary-
White and Colonel Charles Sonntag ap
peared before the Grand Jury and pre
sented the society records in the case.
Mrs. Prescott was also present with the
defense that she acted in good faith as
tne agent of the society.
Mrs. Prescott is now secretary of "The
Children's Protective Association," with
offices in the Academy of Sciences build
ing. She could not be found at the office
yesterday afternoon. In the annual re
port of the society for which Mrs. Pres
cott 5s secretary Sirs. Smith is mentioned
as a life member, but she says that she
never joined the organization.
The detective department of this city
believes that John Stevens, the athlete
who is accused of robbing Mrs. Elizabeth
Darling of jewelry and diamonds valued
at $10,000 last January, will soon be under
arrest. Monday afternoon Mrs. Darling
called upon Captain Seymour at the Hall
of Justice and imparted to him informa
tion concerning Stevens' whereabouts in
Chicago and a trap has since been set,
which, it is expected, will result in his
capture.
The police are not only confident of
catching Stevens, but they have a clew
as to where a large portion of the stolen
valuables have been disposed of, and they
will have little difficulty in recovering the
jewels.
Raymond Sanchez, who, it is claimed,
assisted Stevens in the bold crime, was
made a prisoner in the "windy city" and
is now awaiting trial in . the Superior
Court of this city.
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
REMEMBERS GERBERDING
MILITARY FUNERAL FOR
BOTH COL. AND MRS. POPE
Touching Tribute Is- Paid to Virtues
of Dead Member by Former
The Merchants' Exchange has adopted
a memorial reported by a committee con
sisting of F. Wheelan, M. Berg and Max
Brooks relative to the death of Albert
Gerberding. It is as follows:
"In all the duties of life he earned the
commendation and admiration of his fel
low men. In all the relationships of life
he proved himself worthy. No son could
have been more dutiful; no husband more
loving; no father more gentle; no official
more faithful; no merchant more up
right. His . virtues lack not for witness.
The memory of Albert Gerberding will
ever be eloquent in. the heartbeats of
these who knew him. Our commercial
body cannot but thank the great God of
all that while it deplores its loss it can
feel that it has been its privilege to num
ber among its members one who was at
once an inspiration and an example."
TENDER RECEPTION TO
BISHOP J. H. HAMILTON
Services Will Be Held at Presidio
Chapel at 3 O'clock This
- Afternoon.
.The funeral of the late Colonel B. F.
Pope and his wife, Mrs. Sarah Lee Posten
Pope, will take place from the chapel at
the Presidio at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
A full military funeral will be accorded
both Colonel Pope and his wife, and in ad
dition to the military in attendance there
will be many personal friends of the
couple.
Four of the seven children will be pres
ent at the funeral services— Dr. Saxton T.
Pope of Watsonville, Charles Pope of
Sausallto. Alexander R. Pope and Mary
Lee Pope. The two last named are the
youngest children and are staying with
Mrs. W. T. Veitch in Oakland. Gustavus
Pope is in business in Chicago, Benjamin
F. Pope Jr. is with his regiment some
where In North Dakota and Reginald
Pope has been missing from Stanford
University for some time and is believed
to have been drowned. The two youngest
children will remain with Mrs. Veitch in
Oakland for a while and will then go with
'their brother, Dr. Saxton T. Pone to
Watsonville.
WELL-KNOWN CAPITALIST
' DIES AT , PALACE HOTEL
Large Audience Assembles at Grace
. Church to Greet Him After His
European Trip.
A large audience assembled last night
at Grace M. E. Church to welcome Bishop
J. H- Hamilton back to San Francisco.
Birtiop Hamilton has just returned from
the World's Conference of Methodists at
London, where he was appointed Bishop
for the district of the Pacific Coast.
Rev. Dr. Case presiding: elder of the
Ban Francisco district. • pave welcome to
the Bishop in a brief opening address. -
Bishop Hamilton, in responding^ told
of his trip and gave his views of the
English and their customs. The choir
rendered several anthems. . Among those
present were the Rev. Drs. Clute. Case,
E. McCIlsh. J. D. Hammond. S. D. Gale.
John Kirby, John Coyle and W. S. Mat-
LICENSE COLLECTIONS
SHOW LAEGE INCREASE
Joseph Millian and Charles Buchanan
appeared in Judge Mogan's court yester
day morning- and were arraigned on
charges j of burglary and assault to mur
der for ' entering the residence of James
Mclntyre at 961 Bryant street last Thurs
day morning and murderously beating
Mclntyre with the butt end of a revolver.
The hearing of the cases was continued
till next Monday.
Captain Seymour has not yet decided
whether he will prefer a charge against
Kitty Mclntyre, the daughter of the vic
tim of the assault, 'as an accessory before
the fact. She is being detained at the
City Prison as a witness. Yesterday she
identified the revolver found in the room
occupied by Millian at the Brunswick
House as the one Millian had told her he
had got from Buchanan the night before
the attack was made upon her father.
The police are satisfied that it was the
weapon used by Buchanan. *
William Mclntyre, a brother of the girl,
was taken to the prison yesterday to sets
her, in the hope that she might give fur
ther details of the assault, I but she said
she had nothing to add. to the statement
she made Monday night. Her utter heart
lessness in conniving at and instigating
the robhery of her aged father is almost
beyond belief. She attended' him at, St.
Mary's Hospital, where he was taken for
treatment, and the poor old man, beiiev
ing that he might die, drew a will, leav
ing her share and share alike of his
wealth with her five brothers.' She is an
only daughter. She declare^ that if Mil
lian is sentenced she will kill herself..
Mclntyre is rapidly recovering, but he
will not be asked to identify Buchanan
till he is convalescent.
Two of the other suspects. Reynolds and
Collins, were released from custody by
Captain Seymour yesterday morning, but
a charge of vagrancy was booked against
Samuel Rayons, the first suspect arrested:
He is a "hobo" from Seattle. *
Frankie Goodman, who resides in the
Brunswick House at the corner of Sixth
and Howard streets, made a statement to
the police last night, in which she cor
roborates the story told by, Kate Mclntyre
involving Joseph Milllan and Charles
Buchanan in the attack which was made
on Mclntyre. She said that after the
crime had been committed Mclntyre's
daughter came to her and told her every
l a 8 x«™ S^ e k! ? ew "yarding Buchanan
>?Vi lians ? 1 V\* and the manner.- in
which they carried It Into execution. Sh*
said that Kate told her .¦" that Mlllian
struck her father down and that Bu
chanan thrust the pistol into his mouth
In felling Mclntyre Milllan;' she said used
a sandbag which he made himself.
e^,?u aman woman also said that she
saw Millian. making a sandbag. Her
statement will be one of the prosecution's
strongest points against ; Milllan. It is
fl ar ?. d , th ,at Mclntyre may not be able to
identify Milllan, but it is believed by the
police that Frankie Goodman's testimony
will prove his connection with the crime
Dr. "Wagner to Lecture.
Dr. Henry L. Wagner will lecture on
"The Mechanism and Care of the Human
Voice" in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association on the even
ing of April 16. On April 23 he will'dis
cuss "Disturbances and Defects In the
Use of the Voice"
Twelve Hours.
S. "W. Rosenstock Succumbs to Heart
Failure After an Illness of Only
S. "W. Rosenstock, a retired wholesale boot
and shoe manufacturer, died suddenly
early yesterday morning at the Palace
Hotel, where he has been residing for sev
eral years. He was taken suddenly ill on
Monday evening and his physicians attrib
uted his death to heart failure. '
The deceased was 70 years of age and
came to California in the early fifties. He
leaves a wife and one daughter. Mrs. J.
R. K. NuttalL The funeral, the date of
which has not yet been decided upon, will
be private and . will take piace from the
residence of Mrs. Nuttall, 1819 Jackson
street
Mr. Rosenstock was a prominent mem
ber of the Temple Emanu-El, the Eureka
Benevolent Society and the Hebrew Or
phan Asylum. He was also a thirty-third
degree Mason. . ¦% > (i. '
ing- Much Money to the City
Treasury.
Tax Collector Smith Succeeds in Add-
Tax Collector Smith reported yesterday
that the total receipts of the license of
fice for the quarter ending March 31. i 1902.
were $136,157 10, which, compared i with the
receipts for the corresponding quarter of
1901^ viz., $119.384 75, shows an increase of
$16,772 85. . : • ¦ ¦ .
Notwithstanding the fact that numerous
saloons have been refused permits by the
Police Commissioners a gain of four over
that of the same quarter last year is not
ed, the= total ; number,- of licenses issued
being- 3143, giving :, a revenue .of ¦', $66 003.
7*here were 2202 ma
chines, which contributed. $18,434 to trie
city.; treasury; 634 street cars and 4519 ve
hicle licenses. $13,6S8 25; 569 peddlers $2-11 1 •
S^ e Vr r « est ? urants -' * 2143 » 323 : laundries,
$2084 59: hotels and lodging-houses, $1883;
32 banks, $4682, and 26 theaters paid $2553.
Civil Service Examinations.'
The United States \ Civil , Service' Com
mission announces that on'April 11 exam
inations will be held for. the positions : of
auditing clerk'and disbursing clerk. Phil
ippine service, at a salary, of $1800 per an
num each. r Age limit 18 to.40.years.'Per
sons who desire to compete should apply
to the United " States Civil > Service Com
mission, Washington, D. C, sor . toj,the
secretaryof the local board of examiners, :
postoffice, for application forms Nos."30i
and S75, which should be 'filed with the:
commission at the earliest practicable
YOUNG SINGERS
RENDER OPERA
O.H. Greenewald will erect an annex
to the hotel on the Mason street site he
now owns' and will lease it to Mrs. Krel
ing. who -in turn will sub-lease the hotel
. and annex to Eastern parties. * ' *
The cornerstone of the new building will
be laid July 3, the twenty-fourth anniver
sary of the Tivpli's opening. The new
theater ; will be /)pened early next year,
and. the hotel is expected to be ready for
occupancy by the end of 1903. The cost of
the new structures will be $500,000.
Mrs. Kreling was doubly congratulated
yesterday, as she also celebrated her
birthday. .
• ; .. I . o
site, and the theater will run back to
ward Mason street. It will' have a seating
capacity of more than 3000. Special atten
tion will be paid to the matter of ventila
tion., The management says that the seats
will be cozy armchairs, and there will be
wide aisles in every part of the theater.
On the Mason street side will bea foyer,
65x70 feet. A cafe on the second floor will
be a feature. of the house. There will be
a large palm garden in place of a gallery,
and fast-running elevators will : take , pa
trons to the upper- portion of the theater.
The theater ;will be" well provided with
exits, making it possible for the audience
toMeave in less than two minutes.
The main entrance to the new theater
will be -on Eddy street and will be twenty
feet wide. It will adjoin the entrance and
offices of the hotel, which will be a fire
proof eight-story structure. The stage
will be on the GlasgQW street side of the
The Tivoli Opera-house site conveyed by
yesterday's transaction has a frontage of
seventy feet on Eddy street and a depth
of 175:5 feet. For some years Mrs. Kreling
has owned land facing on Glasgow street,
the latter being 75x96 feet.
O. H. Greenewald has bought the prop
erty on Mason street that lies between
the Langham Hotel and the Poodle Dog
restaurant, 65x70 feet, for $78,000. '-¦
"Doc" Leahy, the genial manager of the
Tivoli, has had the preliminary plans
drawn for the new opera-house and hotel,
which will be erected under the super
vision of Shea & Shea, architects. The re
cent visit of Leahy to Europe will enable
him to assist Mrs. Kreling in erecting one
of the handsomest theaters and hotels in
this country. •
erty on which the TivoirOpera
house stands. O. H. Greenewald disposed
of the land to the lady / who directs the
affairs of that popular home of opera for
5180,000. The purchase of the property en
ables Mrs. Kreling to carry out her long
cherished plan of erecting a new opera
house, and also a modern hotel of 400
rooms.
AN Important real estate transac
tion was completed yesterday by
¦which Mrs. Ernestine Kreling"
becomes the owner of the prop-
Mahony, since he became County Clerk,
has become = known as the man of many
promises, very few of which he kept.
There have been more disappointed office
seekers thronging- the corridors of the
City Hall since - he took charge of the
County Clerk's office .than ever -known
before. This is due to his "promising."
His frjends to whom- he said he would
give positions come to the hall every day
and anxiously await the fulfillment of the
promises he is so lavish with. The same
old stereotyped "Call around again in a
day or so" and a hearty shako of the hand
are all they get. They arc now begin
ning , to > realize ' that Mahony's . , promises
are but made to be broken and are grad
ually [ dropping ¦ out of sight and . seeking
other employment. Interesting details
concerning . Mahony's political deals are
promised by these disgruntled ones, who
through The Call's exposure, have come
to a . realization of the nicely ., gilded
bricks Mahony has been handing out since
the. election. .. ' . ,
"Billy" Deane Makes Threats.
1 Both Mahony and French met in the
County Clerk's office later in the day, but
gave no sign that they were other than
close friends. TTiey both asserted posi
tively that no : trouble had occurred and
denounced The Call's story as a'false
hood. That . the battle really occurred,
however, is testified to by Bailiff Hillman
and J. Plowden, a janitor employed at the
hall.
; A half-hour after, the battle occurred a
sensation i was caused by an open boast
madelby "Billy" Deane in a saloon in the
neighborhood of the City Hall.; In the
presence of several witnesses Deane an
nounced that unless he got that "fifty"
he- would do more than French did to Ma
hony. Rumors of Deane's ' boast soon
reached , the hall- and in a 'very few min
utes every deputy County Clerk was dis
cussing the affair. . \
Mahony. Deane and French deny the
truth of The Call's story, but the fact re
mains that its publication was the cause
of the hostile actions of French. He met
Mahony .yesterday, morning, §hortly after
the latter -had reached the hall to begin
the duties of the day, and when Mahony
asked him' if he had read The Call, he im
mediately flew into a rage and struck him.
All this passing • of bouquets and fists
was- due -to an article published in The
Call of yesterday. French does the work
of the cnief deputy in the County Clerk's
office, but says he does not receive the
pay the office entitles him to. According
to a tale of woe he poured into the ears
of ex-Assemblyman \V. Guilfoyle . and J.
B." Bonner Monday Mahony takes from
his salary $50 per month for the use of
"Billy" • Deane, Mahony's predecessor,
who is rated as. cashier in the County
Clerk's office. I Deane is evidently a good
cashier, according to French's plaint.
French evidently gave up willingly at
the end of his first month's service under
Mahony, for no complaint was made un
til yesterday, when his second month's
salary was" due. Then, according to Guil
foyle and Bonner he refused, to" accede to
Mahony's request for Deane's "divvy,."
and made such objection that the refusal
got noised about.
The County Clerk and his chief deputy
then : walked to one side of the City Hail
corridor, where the trouble occurred/ and
held an earnest conversation for- several
minutes. .. All that could, be heard, was:
"You are a good fellow, Frank," and "I
know that, Bert, but—." They finally sep
arated,. Mahoney going to the office of the
County Clerk and French leaving the hall
for the Hall of Justice.
Have Confidential Talk.
French was : very angry and took an
other step toward- Mahony. A second
punch '..was only averted through thetime
ly arrival of Deputy Sheriff G. G. Hill
man, bailiff of Judge Hebbard's court.
The bailiff is a little lellow and could not
have saved Mahoney had he not shown
his star. Even the sight of the badge of
the deputy Sheriff, failed to subdue French
and -it was only after Mahony had .been
pulled to one side that he allowed his an
ger to cool. . . ¦ s : ¦
"You're a good tellow, ¦ Frank!" he
gasped, lor Alanony is stout and the quicK
siaeaiep he 'made to get away, irom
French's big- nst well, nigh rendered him
breathless. ¦ ~ :
.."That's' all right, Bert, but it's all off,"
said French, "I'll— "
".Let me talk with you, Frank," said
Mahony. .
But "Frank" was obdurate and refused
to hold' a- conversation with "Bert." ¦ He
was evidently thinking of several little
talks he: had had witn. Mahony and de
sired no more. • - ..... ....•_ "... .
r^-v.r:,t -;¦''; v.v..-. ,--, •¦.-. • -... ¦¦••¦• >,¦•;. ¦ ¦
VBlff! ; Just between his collar "and the
lobe of « County j Clerk | Bert Mahony's left
ear— in other words, * right in the;Mahony
neck,- the -fist -of -Chief -rDeputy--County
Clerk Frank ¦ French landed .yesterday.
Following the list came a lot of words for
which the printers [generally.' use dashes.
Neither the ' fist : nor ;the . words hurt iMa
hony very much, but when French told
the County Clerk' that he could ' do all
sorts of .'things with the office < of "chief
deputy, Mahony got sore. . .¦••'.'-.
Lydia ¦ Prescott Is Asked to
Explain Strange Busi
ness Dealing.
'¦; \ i ;;.:;'.,Thatr "Fift^*
Deane Trouble ' if
• He Doesn't ..Receive
CountyClerki -• '•".'
Chief ; deputy Makes "\ an
Assault- Upon r the •;
That She Has Been
Deceived.
Wife of Borax King Finds
New Structures Will Cost $500,000 and Cornerstone Is to
Be Laid July 3, When Popular (Home of Gpera Enters
on the Twenty-Fifth Year of Jts Prosperous ; Career
FRANK FRENCH
HITS MAHONY
SOCIETY WOMAN
CHARGES FRAUD
MRS. KRELING BUYS SITE OF TIVOLI
AND WILL BUILD THEATER AND HOTEL
Business men Tare satisfied when v.they
lunch at Cafe Zinkand. .' • ; - ' • •
THE -.SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ v; APRIL ; 2, 1902^
12
VERY BEST BOTTER
Fancy Creamery; large squares. QCa
You likely pay 50c for this Quality. Ovu
'¦ All week at both stores. Oar butter
•sales sell - butter.
NEW STORE— McALiJSTER AND
FIDLaiORE STREETS.
EASTERN HAMS Susar Pou r n e d d - Ills
; Select, lean, solid. All sizes. Faber'3
price lowest always—Wednesday.
30, EXTRA CUT PRICES AT STORE.
WILSON RYE JSffiRtaa 85c
all. AH week. No limit. Was $125.
STRING BEANS. 15c CANS IOC.
• PIM.fll A^ Stuffed Olives. Bottle in ft
riRl-ULAo Prince Henry said, IUC
1 '.'Truly American."
! CHOCOLATE FREE— TATLOR-ST.
STORE.
' FRENCH CASTILE ?5?V£"ffi; 19c"
Made from pure Olive Oil; usually 25c.
12%c FRENCH SARDINES. 3 TINS 25c
: PURE LEAF LARD 8?&»S£ 38c
White as snow; usually 43c.
BEST SUGAR. 24 LBS. SI .00.
RfiFFFF , Java and Mocha. "Bro- Cfl-
UUrrLC ken" 3 pounds .....VT OUC
Original blend. Standing special.
, PRICES THE SAME BOTH STORES
WINES gygSSi
TABLE CLARET. 60c QUALITY 40c
BEST MUSHES 4.»sa5?Ba 5c
SLICED PEELED PEACHES^ each 74c
Lemon Cllns; 15c usually
' M^dayf tUrday nlght °' rders delivered
"ill U\t? IX>K ST ' ; FHONE HOWARD 102L
McAllister and Fillmore sts.; phone Page
• A WARNIJTG TO THE PTJHLIC
.AitA^ 'O consult TWFTJ fiPouriv
To avoid mistakes look for
the full name. GFOBOF. iwr «nd
the CBOWN (his trademark) on every wto-
dow; also the number ; .
JO71 market JStreet.
lafcjjBv tK^^ B u j i9 jSs sH ¦ SS^ Hl*
%Jr FAYOR2TE
LA FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DriUDIllJO «".'bootblauts. "bath-
. . ,.. houses, billa.-d tables. ,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, 1 , fiourmllls. . foundries. .laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, calnters, shoe ¦ factories,
(tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
UuCilAiH XA\ BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
1A/. X. HESS,
K0TABT PDBLIO ANO ATTOilHET.JLT-I,AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreck«to Bldjr
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California ,st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
j
Makes delicious hot biscuit/rolls t
crusts, griddle cakes and muffins*
A cream of tartar powder, absolutely pure.
j >¦ ' MVAl BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Our importation of FINE WASH DRESS
GOODS for this season is now com-
plete. We ape showing a niost elegant
collection of Foreign and Domestic
Goods, all of which will be offered at
POPULAR PRICES
! : 4 H ¦ ¦ ' , - ¦ ; ¦' ' ' • *' ' - ' '
FANCY EMBROIDERED SWISS. I §§ \ r .30ciand 50c Yard
PRINTED FRENCH COTTON GRENADINES. 40c and 50c Yard
JAPANESE CORDED WASH SILKS. .... ....... ..50c Yard
IMPORTED SILK AND LINEN GINGHAMS. . ...... .50c Yard
PLAIN AND FANCY LINEN BATISTE. . . . ;. .20c to. 50c Yard
MERCERIZED PRINTED PERSIAN UWNS.. \ . . . . .50c Yard
SILK AND LISLE FANCY GINGHAMS .. . . ... . . \ -75c Yard
| FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES. 50c Yard
NOVELTY SILK AND LINEN TISSUES. $1.50 and $1.75 Yard
MERCERIZED SCOTCH CHEVIOTS. -.50c Yard
SCOTCH PRINTED DIMITIES- — ;. v -y-.rlOc to 25c Yard
MERCERIZED PRINTED SATEENS- Mi . . -25c to 50c Yard
STRIPED AND CHECKED EGYPTIAN TISSUES. ... .25c Yard
.JSPEOI AL.
2 Cases Extra Qualitu PRINTED COTTON
FOULARDS, yeru Handsome designs.
2Ge Yard.
Full assortment of NEW PERCALES, GALA-
TEAS, GINGHAMS, CHEVIOTS, CRASHES,
COVERTS, and WHITE AND COLORED OR-
GANDIES AND LAWNS,
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
- forwarded free to any address.
(9\jfri#uftSy
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
1 mJmftjlu?Itiffi
iHlil !/AiVllHf#IIHii
¦EtmSk! KpL. .j-^^-^i^jBbis^sisWpi^y^^^sBis^l^^^^^^^jKBiB^EBHB XB^s^l^flHHB iflRj