ALARMING ILLNESS OF KING EDWARD
CAUSES CORONATION POSTPONEMENT
¦. / WWW.. ¦ : - T^^h<^^^'^^r ;-/..¦, -jm^S^^WiP?- '
J ONDON, June. 25—8:03 A. M.—The King passed f a gooa l night There are no r complications. No [official bulletin regarding King Edward's condi
tion has been issued this morning, and there is little probability of any medical The Associated Press
SAN "FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JU3STE -25 j: 1902.
PRICE FIVE CE2s'TS.
VOLUME XCII-NO. 25.
Whether or not there is
any foundation for these
rumorej the bulletins have
seemed to indicate that the
surgeons were satisfied in
the first instance with the
evacuation of the abscess,
and they made no attempt
to remove the appendix or
other structures which
might contain the ¦ germs
of future danger, probably
preferring to defer such
operation for a radical
cure to some future period.
this morning that
although the necessity . of
surgery in his Majesty's
case was obvious, the ac
tual operation was misdi
rected. The symptoms of
great pain and high tem
perature pointed to appen
dicitis, but when the ap
pendix, was revealed it
proved to be healthy and
the unexpected existence
of a large abscess • in the
coecum was discovered. :
J ,ONDON, June 25.
M y Rumors are afloat
OPERATION
IS DECLARED
MISDIRECTED
a decay of the tissues contiguous
to the vermiform appendix.
These tissues have now been re
moved; -but- thestrain on the vi
tality of the King has been ex
treme, and the chances .are
strongly against his recovery.^
~ ."It'is possible the King may
"The life of his "Majesty hangs
in 1 the balance: There has been
no stroke of paralvsis and there
is no cancer, but there has been
The following; statement was
obtained last night from a man
closely connected with King
Edward's household r concerning
the condition of the latter: '•"
the: sentries outside ¦ and a- small
lot of messengers and reporters
awaiting a possible; bulletin. .
the intestines. Further stimu
lants have been administered.
At 20 minutes past 4- oxlock
this ''morning- the officer of ' the
guard "at "Buckingham Palace'
said that he understood there was
no new development -. in the
King's condition. At that hour
the palace ;was . everywhere
closed and; there were no signs of
life' about the^ buildings " except
the centers of the universe.
King Edward is in a room
facing the beautiful gardens of
Continued on Page Twci
Y ONDON, June.25, 4:50
9 a. m.— The fac.t that
B the King's temperature
has risen considerably
during the/ last hour gives cause
for a fear that peritonitis has de
veloped. Much anxiety is felt
that the increased temperature is
due to an unfavorable develop
ment, such as an " abscess in the
vermiform appendix perforating
1 o
Increased Temperature Causes Fear of
Unfavorable Developments.
Life of the King Said to Hang
in the Balance.
have alternating periods of rally
ing and collapse, such. as charac
terized . President McKinley's
case,, but the operation has been
too long delayed, and the King is
too old to make his final triumph
over the malady more than a
matter of the faintest hope"
AFFLICTED RULER, HIS PRESENT ABODE— NOTED MEN WHO ATTEND HIM
Indescribable consternation
prevails throughout the country,
and this consternation' is reflect
ed in the :ables received from all
It must be admitted that the
revelers have been misled by the
technical language of the bulle
tins: they seem to have no con
ception of the gravity of King
Edward's condition; The think
ing portion of the nation/ How
ever, has gone home numbed by
the events which the day has
brought forth.
CONSTERNATION PEEVAILS.
BOW DIES ON STREETS.
Wagonloads of boisterous
fowdies are on the 1 streets, and
they are driving all sorts of ve
hicles and waving flags and hug
ging demijohns of liquor. They
make their noisy way from the
West End to Whitechapel. They
represent that section of the Brit
ish public which no tragedy can
sober into decency. They have
tasted license unrestrained b\
law in the celebrations in con
nection with the war, and. King
or no King, thev will celebrate
tnc coronation.
. In spite of the intensity of this
tragic interruption the lower ele
ment of London are "Mafiking"
through the flag-decked streets,
end a portion of society in coro
nation gowns and jewels has
gathered at what is called a gala
coronation dinner at one of the
fashionable hotels. Even at the
gates of Buckingham Palace,
within which the ablest surgeons
and physicians constantly remain
in the hope of saving the sover
eign's life, the tooting of horns
and the sounds of other revelries
can be plainly heard. That slim
gathering which still remains be
neath the flaring palace lights is
now more bent on celebrating
than on sympathizing.
y ONDON, June 24.—
B ' With dramatic sudden-
ness the King has been
stricken down upon the
(eve of his coronation. To-night
he lies in a critical state at Buck
ingham Palace.
British Ruler
Operated
Upon.
The San Francisco Call.Lord Salisbury and Mr. Balfour then
went in to congratulate Queen Alexandra
King Edward's first words when he re
coveredconsciousness' were to ; ask for
"George," and the Prince of Wales, who
was waiting In the next room, was imme
diately admitted to his father's presence.
While the operation was being performed
the great central courtyard of Bucking
ham Palace, so lately the scene of such
brilliant gatherings, was utterly deserted
and an impressive silence reigned
throughout the building. The equerries
talked in whispers, servants tiptoed about
and the tension grew almost unbearable.
Then the word was passed around "all
had gone well."
the operating table and the anesthetic
was administered. Sir . Frederick Treves
made the incision near the patient's groin
and carried it upward with an outward
slant for nearly four inches. The ob
struction was removed and a tubing was
placed in the affected intestine.
"All we can do at present is to hope and
pray for the best and console ourselves
with the knowledge that the surgeons en
tertain a most satisfactory view in regard
to the progress of the distinguished pa
tient. More definite language than this is
Impossible. An operation of ' singular
"The status of things' is undoubtedly
grave, but we ought not to use stronger
epithets in regard to it than those »I
have used; and I ani convinced, that if
we are to consider the King's, condition
to be such that it would be improper to
carry on the business of the country, we
sliould produce a wholly false impres
sion. In these circumstances we do not
picpose ¦ to suggest any exceptional
course, and I am only thankful to have
been able to inform the House that, as
f;n as we know at present, everything is
going on as well as can possibly be ex
pected."
The Liberal leader. Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, expressed his entire approval
of the course taken by Balfour, and the
House resumed its ordinary business.
Lord Salisbury, hi the House of Lords,
said: .
ious to hear the 'expected statement
of the Government leader, A. J. Balfour,
on the subject of the King's illness. Bal
four said he had intense gratification In
saying that a successful operation ha3
been performed on the King and that
his Majesty was progressing as well as
possible.
"That announcement," proceeded Bal
fcur, "removes a great load off our
minds. ; My first inclination on hearing
the melancholy news this morning was
to suggest that the House mark its sense
of the disaster which has befallen the
¦Whole country by adjourning. But on
more careful reflection I have come to the
conclusion that such a course Is ill-ad
vised. The anxiety we feel must be
great, and that anxiety is necessarily
augmented by the circumstances under
¦which the disaster has befallen the royal
family and the whole country. I have
ccme to the conclusion that if the House
was to take the exceptional course to
which I have adverted, that which Is
now anxiety in the public mind might
become a panic and a wholly exaggerated
idea of the present state of things might
go abroad. . '.-..•
LONDON, June 24.— The House of
Commons was crowded tq-day by
members and others who were anx-
PARLIAMENT
HEARS OF THE
KING'S STATE
His Britannic Majesty's Consul General
deeply rejtrets to have to state that In view
of the alarming reports received from London
as to the health of the King, and which are
officially confirmed from the Embassy at
Washington, the peace celebration arranged to
take nlace at the Metropolitan Hall on Thurs
day next has been indefinitely postponed
Courtenay Bennett, the British Consul
General, issued the appended statement
last night: . ..." ;:
Local Celebration Postponed.
The Queen on being informed yesterday
that an operation would necessitate a
postponement of the coronation, was si
lent pome minutes and then said: "Have
1 not felt that this would happen?"
The Daily Telegraph this morning says
that. when King Edward was told that an
operation was imperative, he exclaimed:
"Operation or no operation. I won't dis
appoint the people. I must go to the
Abbey."
LONDON, June 25.— When spoken to
in the earlier stages of his illness
as to the advisability of postponing
the coronation, the King said: "I
v.ill attend the coronation or die for it."
DETERMINED
TO ATTEND THE
CORONATION
When white coronation robes were de
cided on, it was pointed out that they
had only been used on three occasions,
and curiously enough, each wearer came
to a violent end. Richard II was crq/vned
In white satin. The next was the un
fortunate Henry VI. Despite the strong
persuasion of the Earl of Pembroke,
Charles I., was also invested at his cor
onation in white satin.
There have been few omens of a gloomy
kind, except the persistent rain in Eng
land which disarranged the programme
of the King's engagements. It has "been
made a subject of comment that
June 26. the day selected for the
coronation, is the anniversary of the
death of George IV. The same day
was chosen for the coronation of
Queen Victoria, but she insisted that
It be deferred until June 28. It was also
pointed out by the superstitious that in
the programme of Friday's procession In
the thirteenth carriage were to be seated
Duke D'Aosta, of Italy; Arch-Duke Fran
cis Ferdinand, of Austria, and hereditary-
Grand Duke Michael of Russia, all rep
resentatives of dynasties who have felt
the hand of the assassin.
Cheiro. a palmist, who claimed to have
predicted Queen Victoria's death six
months before it happened, in July, 1900,
said King Edward would be killed in
May or June, 1901. An attempt was to be
made upon his life by socialists, accord
ing to this prediction, which of course,
did not turn out to be true.
"Raphael." a London astrologer, at the
beginning of the present year, said the
planets were unfavorable to King Ed
ward, and he added: "Let great care be
taken of his Majesty's health and per
son." Another astrologer, who called
himself "Zadkiel" ; drew a horoscope of
the King at the time of his birth in 1S41.
Jt was a non-committal kind that might
be twisted by the superstitious into a pre
diction of what has happened, but no de
tails were given.
Henrietta Couesdan, who pretended to
be able to talk with the Angel Gabriel
and who attracted much attention in
Paris in 1896. is said to have predicted
that King Edward would not reign long
and that he -would die In 1902 after a
"surgical operation." Mlie. Couesdan at
the same time predicted that the German
Lmperor would meet a violent death in
1&02.
The prophecy that gave the King the
rr.ost uneasiness was made at the time of
ms birth and ran as follows: "King shall
Edward be, but never shah be crowned."
As the date pt the coronation approached
nis thoughts recurred with increasing fre
quency, it is said, to this prophecy.
Another prediction was made by a
irypsy crone in London before Queen Vic
toria's death. The woman had achieved
some fame by making predictions which
had been proved true in regard to other
reigning families in Europe. She said:
"The Prince of Wales will be killed as
soon as a great honor has been conferred
upon him."
especially ¦ frequent during
the last year. The time for the fulfill
ment of some of them has passed, but
others are still pending and his failure to
recover from the operation certainly
•would be regarded by believers In prophe
cies as another proof of their value.
That ihe King himself was not oblivious
to the words of the prophets and that he
was not free from forebodings has been
mentioned often as a trait of his char
acter. Ever since the deatfi of Queen Vic
toria, it is said, he has been haunted by
a superstitious fear that he would not
live to be crowned. Reports have been
current In London since his accession that
he often brooded over predictions of evil
•that had been made about him and that
he was unable to shake his mind free of
them.
--_ _. EW YORK, June 24.— King
/vjk T Edward's illness has recalled
/ t@L / many predictions that have
/ la/ been made that he would
/ yoj never be crowned. These
* dismal prophecies have been
Sr>eciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Former Wearers of
the White Robes
All Unlucky.
Prophets Have Told
of Misfortune to
Edward.
Fortune Tellers Find
Small Need for
Surprise.
PREDICT
END OF
A RULER
LONDON, June 24.— An extraordinary
issue of the Gazette published this even
ing, officially announces the indefinite
postponement of the coronation. .
Officially Announced.
over the nation and to its utterly
unprecedented character. "While they
strive to maintain an air of hopefulness,
J ONDON, June 25. - The London
fmorning papers refer editorially to
¦¦—'the dark shadow which has fallen
KIND WORDS
COME FROM
MANY LANDS
, Intense swelling of the extremities, ac
companied by alarming symptoms of mor
tification, constituted the, emergency and
demanded an immediate operation. To
the last the King tried to. avoid this and
he was willing to be carried to the abbey
for the coronation ceremony in order that
it should occur as arranged. The ' influ
ence of Queen Alexandra was enlisted,
however, and at 'an early hour this mom
ing the royal patient ' was prepared for
the operation which, evert in the skillful
hands of England's best surgeons,' was
'fraught with grave danger. - • ,
- Shortly before 2 o'clock . this afternoon
his Majesty was moved from*nls couch to
The King's doctors believe
that his Majesty would have been
dead before now except for. the
operation. His condition became
so alarming 1 . last night that at one
time it was feared death might
ensue before the surgeon's knife
could afford him relief. '
equal to the strain involved,
There is consequently intense
anxiety as to the outcome.
•
tial quarters to-day that with a view of
preventing the " disappointment of the
public Queen Alexandra should be
crowned alone next Thursday and the
King should be crowned in a cbmpara^
tlvely private manner upon his recovery.
This Idea was discussed, but it was re
jected as a procedure calculated to mis
lead the public mind as to the purely rel
ative importance of the Queen's consort
The Pope and the King of Italy and
other monarchs have cabled anxious in
quiries concerning King Edward's pro
gress, and dispatches received ' from all
parts of the world reflect the intensity of
feeling occasioned by the unexpected
news of his Majesty's illness and sympa
thy with the British nation.
and afterward an informal and perhaps
historic discussion occurred between the
Prince of Wales and the Duke of Con
naught and Lord Salisbury," Balfour and
several other members of the Cabinet. Be
fore the end of the afternoon was over
2000 callers, who Included nearly all the
foreign representatives in London and
members of the House of Lords and
House of Commons, had inscribed their
names on the visitors' book at .Bucking
ham Palace. All the royal princes called
severity has. been performed and leaves
behind it every hope of a prosperous is
sue. Some .weeks will at least elapse be
fore his Majesty is restored to his usual
health. The • progress of his Majesty
toward convalescence will be accompanied
by the sympathy and sincere hopes and
affection of his subjects. We know that
for three or more days at least, and may
be longer, this 'must be uncertain. But
there is- this consolation that matters
could scarcely have gone better. All we
can do is to hope and pray for the best
and console oiYrselves with the. knowledge
that the distinguished surgeons called in
entertain the ;most satisfactory viewa
with respect to the progress of the dis
ease and the progress of the distinguished
patient. No action can bo taken by the
House while matters arc In a state of
transition, but I think we have every
ground to hope, that the issue will be a
favorable one and that we shall be able
to return to our ordinary avocations at an
early period. Disappointment has been
extensively suffered by the abandonment
of the naval review and other great cele
brations in honor of the King, but a much
greater calamity than these was threat
ened." ' ¦¦-.•.- . . .
HEIR APPARENTTO BRITISH THRONE, HIS WIFE AND OFFSPRING, AMONG WHOM MAY BE FUTURE RULERS OF GREAT BRITAIN
For Additional Details See Page 3.
LONDON, June 24.— The Lancet say^
the operation was performed by Sir Fred
erick Treve3, that the anesthetic was
administered by Dr. Frederick M. Hewitt,,
and that the treatment was borne well,
his Majesty recovering consciousness
without any ill effects. No complications
attended the operation. An abscess was
found and evacuated.
Reported By the Lancet.
Ceremonies Canceled.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 24.— The pro
vincial government has canceled the
State ceremonies in connection with the
coronation on Thursday afternoon. Nr»
decision has been arrived at respecting
the naval and military review on Thurs
day, morning. The societies* union an
nounced for Friday has, like the other 5
coronation celebration events, been can
celed.
Rear Admiral Blckford this evening re
ceived a cablegram from the Admiralty 1
canceling the order for the naval and
military review which /was to have been
held here on Thursday in honor of the
King's celebration.
"It was at Aldershot last Sunday week
when his Majesty suffered from his first
acute seizure. Sir Francis Laking. M. D.,
one of the physicians in ordinary of the
King's household, diagnosed the case as
one of intestinal trouble. Sir Frederick
Treves, honorary sergeant surgeon to his
Majesty, and Sir Thomas Barlow, physi
cian to his Majesty's household, were im
mediately summoned. They confirmed
Laking's diagnosis, and both advised that
the coronation be abandoned. The King
was obdurate, however, and insisted upon
his removal to . Windsor. His Majesty
said that he would take all the responsi
bility upon himself if the physicians could'
tide him over the coronation and prom-
ised that, he would submit to an opera
tion as soon thereafter as tbey^eonsftteretF-
. .. - -. --'»....
"Upon this understanding- a week's rest
for. his Majesty at Windsor wa3 arranged,
but the King suffered mo3t excruciating
pain and had to be freely drugged to easo •
him. Last Monday morning the Queen
and the Prince of Wales Implored the
King to refrain from venturing to Lon
don, but he would not heed their pray
ers, believing that a postponement of the
coronation would be a national calamity.
He virtually sacrificed himself to save his
subjects from loss and disappointment."
ry 'yEW YORK, June 24.— A World
r^k I special from London says: From
I a well informed authority at
A N court the World correspondent
obtained this evening the inside
history of the King's illness. He said:
KING IMPERILS
HIS HEALTH
FOR SUBJECTS
"The illness of King Edward only leaves
room in English hearts for anxious emo
tion. The suffering sovereign is always
a friend to France, and we respectfully
associate ourselves with the sadness of
his subjects and still more so with their
hopes."
The Gaulois says:
"Edward was the King of fashion be
fore he became King of England. The
kingdom of fashion is the whole of Eu
rope, and Paris is its capital. Edward
knew his capital and his kingdom well,
and he was popular in both before he
ascended the throne of England."
The Figaro says
they have difficulty In concealing lieir
anxiety at the danger which .will
hang over the King's life for some
days to come. They exhort the
public to abandon all ideas of festiv
ity and to return soberly to the dUles
of every-day existence as most befttlnu
the dignity of the nation.
The Daily Telegraph says:
"The country ,will bear one more infic
tion with all its sorrow, deprivation ard
infinite untowardness, as it has many
times before borne troubles wruen tor
the time seemed overwhelming."
The Standard says that the- message ot
condolence from President Roosevelt will
be "gratefully accepted as a token that
our friends and well-wiahers abroad synv
lathizfe with us in a calamity which at
best must impose an unwonted strain on
the patience and fortitude of the nation."
The Daily Telegraph this morning says
that when King Edward was told that
an operation was imperative he ex
claimed:
"Operation or no operation, I will not
disappoint the people. I must go to the
Abbey."
PAKJS, June 25.— The Paris papers this
morning give jrreat prominence to the
accounts of the illness of King E.l
ward. These are accompanied by expres
sions of the deepest sympathy with Great
Britain "in the sudden change from the
anticipated rejoicing3 of coronation to
the arfliction and anxiety caused by the
dangerous illness of the country's beloved
p.nd popular monarch, who has just been
the main instrument in giving it the bless
ing it so ardently desired— peace."
The bonfires which top the hills of the
United Kingdom from John O'Groats to
Lands End will not be lighted. They will
be kept intact, however, .in, the hope of
the celebration being held at a later date.
Queen Alexandra has borne the strain of
the past week with ,the bravest spirit.
She was always fearful of what might
happen. Her Maje'sty took part In the
festivities at Ascot and. elsewhere with
out revealing: any. of her inward anxiety,
and when she -was told to-day that an
operation was imperative and that *the
coronation would have to be postponed
she quietly answered, "Have I not
felt that this would happen?" and
asked, "How 1 . does the King bear
it?" Upon receiving an' assuring re
ply Queen Alexandra exerted herself to
appear cheerful and to devise means to
lessen the King's grief and disappoint
ment, although she was evidently greatly
distressed.
The idea was mooted \n some influen-
QUEEN'S BRAVE SPIRIT.
C0K0NATI0N POSTPONED. .
A brief notice has been published In the
Gazette as a result of which the entire
state, social and business arrangements
throughout the country are paralyzed.
The order is dated from the Earl Mar
shal's office, and reads as follows:
"I have to announce that the solemnity
of the coronation of their Majesties, King
Edward VII and Queen Alexandra, Ja
postponed from the 26th to a date here
after to be determined."
The best Informed opinion places the
date of the coronation in about throe
months' time, provided King Edward pro
gresses well In the meantime.
In epite of the royal wish that the pro
vincial celebrations be carried out as ar
ranged many towns have abandoned the
festivities which were to be held, al
though at Liverpool and other large cit
ies hurried meetings were called and it
was decided to carry out all the charitable
arrangements as previously made. The
leading business houses of London have
decided to keep open June 26 and 27, al
though the banks will probably£>e closed
those da i r sj* •••:. ' ». * •
Am.onQt«? •unflreds o£ postpttemgnbi
caused by^fcfe sudden illness of the K3a»
is that of the publication of the list or
Coronation honors.
Portsmouth is perhaps the keenest suf
ferer among all who lose financially as a
result of the postponement of the corona
tion. The "harvest Portsmouth expected
to reap from the naval review will now be
lost to the city.
personally on the Prince of Wales and
bade him good-by. The majority of them
will leave London to-morrow morning lor
their respective countries. '
In striking contrast to the happy antic
ipation with which the day opened is an
order issued to-night by the Archbishop
of Canterbury, Most Rev. Frederick Tem
ple, and the Archbishop of York, -Most
Rev. William D. Maclagan. appointing
special forms for the intercession ser
vices to be held next Thursday. The
congregations," say the Archbishops m
their joint order, "would doubtless be
thankful to join, at this juncture, in
prayer to the Almighty for blessing on his
Majesty the King, and for his speedy re
covery. The first two prayers in those
prescribed for the visitation of the sick
might be used for this occasion."
The Archbishop of Canterbury also a3ks
for "the public and private prayers of all
in behalf of the King in his serious Ul
ness." . " _
A large congregation in St. Paul's Ca
thedral listened this a/ternoon Uv the
Bishop of Stepney, who' is one of King
Edward's intimate friends. The Bishop
referred to the King's recent presence in
the cathedral at the peace thanksgiving
as a sad contrast to to-day's sad circum
stances and asked his congregation to
pray for his Majesty, the royal family
and the King's physicians and to learn to
hope. Then followed a solemn ,pause.
while the vast congregation knelt rever
ently In silent prayer. A short service of
intercession followed. Many Americans
were present at St. Paul's. A service
similar to the one held there was also held
in St. George's Chapel by the Dean of
Windsor.
Continued Page One.
Queen Alexandra Bears Up Bravely Under the Ordeal
; and Induces King to Postpone Coronation. I
DARK SHADOW SUDDENLY FALLS UPON THE BRITISH PEOPLE
AND EMPIRE RELUCTANTLY PREPARES FOR STILL WORSE NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902.
Buckingham Palace and far. from
tlie street and the crowd. If
to-night's progress is maintained
he will probably tide over the
effects of his severe operation,
which has successfully removed
the local trouble. But shotild
any complication occur, 1 such as
septic peritonitis or blood
poisoning, it is feared his Maj
esty's present physical and ner
vous condition would prove im-
2
You may call it eczema, tetter or milk
crust.
But no matter .what you call it, this
skin disease which comes in patches that
burn, itch, discharge a watery matter,
dry and scale, owes its existence to the
presence of humors in the system.
It will continue to exist, annoy and per-
haps agonize as long, as these humors re-
main. • .
It is always radically and permanently
cured by ;
Hood's Sarsaparllla
Which expels all humors and is positively
unequalled for all cutaneous eruptions.
SaitZ^heum
JOH1T J. ETTLTOIT CO. " "
oi is well;
OTHER IS JSCOYEK
Owl Drug Company Reports
Two Cases.
One of the partners in the Owl Drug
Company of this city reports the follow-"
ing: The representative of a large East-
ern playing card manufacturer, wbo regu-
larly vislta this coast In the interest of
his firm, returned this spring much ear-
lier than usual. Surprise was expressed
at his early appearance, whereupon he
replied that It was not a business trip— •
that he was out here trying to live. It
transpired that he had Bright's disease
and came to California hoping • that It
wciuld benefit him. As the Owl Drug
Company is one of our agents, they told
him about the Fulton Compound. He-
went on it, and began to mend, and on
May 19, on his departure for New York,
sent up to the, Owl the following card:
"Dear T :
"Good-by. Hope to see you to New
York next month. Fulton's Compound is
doing me much good. Feel that I am go-
ing to be a well man again. Yours grate-
fully. — — ."
The card was sent down to us and is
now in our possession, but both the prin-
cipals being away, In tne absence of per-
mission we withhold the names.
. The Owl Drug Company has other Iarg3
drug interests on th6 coast, among them
being the Quaker Drug Company of Se-
attle, which is the agent for the Fulton
Compounds in that city. They state that
a Seattle man reported at that branch
that the Compounds had effected a com-
plete cure in his case of diabetes, and
gave interesting details of the recovery
Medical works agree that Brlght's dis-
ease ana Diabetes are incurable, but S7
per cent are positively recovering under
the Fulton Compounds. • (Dropsy, Bladder
Trouble. Rheumatism from uric acid and*
the minor kidney diseases are soon re*
«*» V ?T, 1C k' }} f 5. r Bri eM's Disease and .
$1.dO for Diabetic Compound.: Free testa
made for patients. Descriptive pamphlets
mailed free. Call or addresa John J. FuU
ton Co., office. 6. ninth floor. Mills bui]r<.
ing, Montgomery street, San Francisco*"
Is the culmination of all those high qualities ot |^^^f
tone,' touch and durability that go to make the NyV\. / /
perfect piano. In short, it is the realization oi '
the world's hopes in piano construction, and XfcL* *
continually receives the homage of the great v^S^NkK
masters of the piano the world over. Call and Yfck$^*^Sj=
inspect this wonderful instrument . \li^llP!feMADRID, June 24.—
While a funeral was being
held in a church at Pin
ero, in the province of Orenz,
to-day, the building was
struck by lightning, as a' re-'
suit of which twenty-five
people were killed and thirty
five were, injured.
FLASH KILLS
MOURNERS
Rate: $72 40, account N. E. A. tickets sold
July J 1 and 2. good to return until -August' 31/
Via Salt Lake and. Denver if> desired. Time of
the Overland Limited less than three days. Call
at General Office, 1 Montgomery 6t., S. F. •.•.;
•LONDON, June 24.— The work of demol
ishing the stands. and all the parapher
nalia prepared for the coronation pageant
was in full swing during' the latter part
of the afternoon. Hundreds of workmen
who this morning were engaged in put
ting the finishing touches on the various
jobs, were at work tearing down all that
has taken, weeks to accomplish. The
loss tQ the insurance companies will be
heavy, as great numbers of commercial
companies arid private individuals had
taken out policies to cover them from the
loss of receipts from stands and the cost
of decoratloTis in the event of the 'cor
onation ceremony not occurring.
Where speculators and householders did
not take -such precautions, the losses will
In many cases mean an approach to bank
ruptcy. •- '. ¦•¦' . '' ' ': • -"
LOW RATES. VIA UNION PACIFIC R.R.
TO MINNEAPOLIS AND RETURN.
Great Loss to Speculators.
"I am conscious," he said, "that it Is
probable that before to-morrow morning
dawns King Edward may have ceased to
live. Only sixteen months have passed
since we mourned the death of his be
loved mother— a woman who had endeared
herself as Queen and mother to all hur
subjects scattered over the wldb world.
Her eon had no easy task before him
when he was called to fill her place at the
head of the greatest empire. But he has
done so in a way to show that he was
OAKLAND, June 24.— During a banquet
to-night under the auspices of , the Sons
and Daughters of St. George that could
not be postponed on account of the exten
sive arrangements, the Hon. Digby John
stone, late M. P., spoke feelingly of the
impending death of King Edward.
PRAISES KING
AND THE LATE
QUEEN VICTORIA
*- ONDON, June 25.— Of the scene in
I the House of Commons upon the
JL~4 announcement of the illness of King
Edward, T. P. O'Connor, Irish-Na
tionalist member and president of the
Irish National League, has written the
following account for the Associated
Press:
"The workaday world goes on in its
usual way, whatever tragedy be in the
air, and this Is especially true of the
House of Commons, which even yet is
bound down with the iron rules that no
high destiny or national crisis can un
bind. And thus it was to-day, when the
whole world of London was shaken by
the announcement of the postponement
of the coronation and the serious Illness
of the King, for which everybody was
waiting to see the Ministers «nter and
hear some news one way or the other,
a clerk at a table read out the words of
a petition from a provincial town, coun
cil in reference to the pending education
al bill. The educational bill is Important,
but to have this petition with its dreary
tautology read when the fate of the mon
arch was in the balance was one of those
grotesque contradictions which exasper
ated and finally grated on the nerves of
the House. But as the clerk read.stolid
ly on in a muffled voice, the house began
at last to interrupt him with discordant
and even indecorous cries, and while the
House was thus descending Into undigni
ned disorder, the Ministers were still ab-.
sent from their places and the House was
still left without news.
"But in spite of all this, and In spite of
-even the discordant and grotesque shouts.
Where was that about the place which
showed that something was in the air that
affected and frightened men. It is no ex
aggeration to say that there was a look
of far more profound depression about tne.
House than even in those awful and trying
hours for Englishmen when the disasters
of Colenso and Spionkop seemed to make
the whole fabric of the empire reel. Many
of the members looked positively broken
hearted. They entered the House as if
illness were theirs and as if a blow had
fallen upon them.
"The local petition was at last finished,
the cries ceased and there fell a somber
and solemn stillness on the House when
Mr Balfour and the other Ministers filed
in Spontaneously and universally hats
were taken off when Mr. Balfouf rose and
announced that he had a message to de
liver in reference to the King. The House
of Commons looks its best and Its most
Impressive when it is thus uncovered. It
is the custom for hats to be kept on, and
therefore the mere act of uncovering
heads gives to the familiar place a cer
tain unusualness of look and a certain
solemn exaltation, and so it was to-day
when Mr. Balfour arose. Mr. Balfour is
not a man"*wno ever shows much feeling,
and it is said of him by some of his most
severe critics that he has much sentiment,
but no feeling.
"To-day, however, nobody could deny
that for once Mr. Balfour seemed to be
.moved, and It was with something of a
break in his voice that he announced the
seriousness of the King's condition and
the fact that the operation had been al
ready performed. There was* no display
of feeling until Mr. Balfour came to the
point where he foreshadowed tho state
ment that the surgeons were nopfful of
the result. It was an evidence' cf how
keen was the feeling that he was not al
lowed to conclude his sentence. There
was an anticipatory and big outburst of
cheers from all parts of the House.
"Mr. Balfour's statement occupied but
a few moments and It was followed by a
few words from Sir Henry Campbell-Ban
nerman, the leader of the opposition, and
liie whole scene. was over. It took bat a.
m J EW YORK, June 24.— Dr. Cyrus
l\ Edson explained the King's illness
¦*• ' al\d the operation as follows:
•"Perityphlitis is inflammation,
including the formation of' an abscess of
the tissues around the vermiform appen
dix, and hence perityphlitis is hard to dis
tinguish at once from appendicitia. Usu
ally an operation is necessary to ascer
tain whether the appendix or the sur
rounding tissue is diseased. In the King's
case there is probably an abscess at the
head of the large intestine where. the ap
pendix begins and the operation to-day
was an immediate necessity, because the
abscess had to be got at at once and
emptied of its contents or pus. Of course,
. I cannot say what further than the
abscess was discovered by the surgeons—
that is, to what extent the inflammation
had affected that part of the King's body.
Under ordinary circumstances he ought to
recover In three or four weeks, but after
recovery it would be perhaps four weeks
more before he would be able to perform
his part of the coronation ceremonies.
The King's trouble is in his right side,
low down." f
Perityphlitis, the malady from which
King Edward Is suffering, is an acute
form of appendicitis. The medical diction
ary defines the disease as the acute in
,fiammation of the connective. tissues sur
rounding the caecum. It is pronounced
very dangerous, but not necessarily fatal.
An operation is necessary in most cases
to- cure the patient who suffers from it
In an interview Dr. Samuel Gardner
said:
"Perityphlitis is diagnosed as an acute
form of appendicitis and is considered a
most dangerous disease. It differs from
appendicitis In the fact that the head of
the colon, or longest division of the in
testinal organs, becomes infected, while
appendicitis affects only the appendix, a
small projection of the colon.
"The disease may be caused from an in
jury of the intestinal organs, or it may be
contracted in the same way appendicitis
is' generally brought on. Inflammation of
the colon often sets in and, this has also
been known to result fri perityphlitis.
Acute dysentery may also bring on the
disease. Perityphlitis is uncommon and is
considered extremely dangerous by medi
cal men. It is not necessarily fatal, as I
have known of several cases that have
been cured in this city within the past
few months." t
-Dr. Bazet said the malady 5 was fatal in
a great many cases, but tne patient al
ways had a chance to survive, it.
PHYSICIANS
TELL ABOUT
PERITYPHLITIS
few moments and but for the general air
of the House, to which I have alluded, the
scene was not impressive.
"The House then went on with the dis
cussion of the educational bill in its many
details, somberly, but regularly and pro
saically, as if nothing had occurred. But
there was a certain llfelessness in it all*
and as is usual when something tragic is
in the air the real life of the House was
in the lobbies and not on the floor. The
members gathered in groups and King
Edward was the one topic of conversa
tion. There was nothing but regret and
sympathy; the tragic elements of- the
case broke down all barriers, and men
only thought of the. suffering fellow man
struck down at the moment when, it
ever, the hand of cruel fate ought to have
been stayed. • }'¦ \
"The excitement was brought to a cli
max when a report spread like wildfire
that the King was sinking, and this was
soon followed by a report ¦ that -his
Majesty was actually dead. A shiver as
of the passing of the -Angd—d* ~I>ea.th
then passed over everybody, - and • the
members of the House rushed hither and
thither, but with that characteristic
quiet ¦ and apparent want of ¦ . emotion
which Englishmen so rarely lose. . ¦
"The place to go at that moment for the
latest information was the House of
Lords. The false report of King Edward's
death came at twenty minutes past 4
o'clock, and at half past 4 the House of
Lords began its sitting. There was an un
usually full attendance, and so many la
dies pressed for admittance that they had
to be remonstrated with by the attend
ants, and the poor things were rather
hustled. The peers had to begin, like the
Commons, with some commonplace busi
ness, .the reading in dumb show of some
documents and other trivialities, but this
did not last long. Lord Spencer is .now
the leader of .the Liberal party in the
House of Lords; the Earl of Kimberley is
dead and Lord RoseDery has retired.
"To-day when. Lord Spencer arose he
was pallid and evidently unnerved. He
asked the' question with just a sentence
and a half of sympathy, after the terse
fashion of Englishmen. Lord Salisbury
was \more lengthy. Indeed, to tell the
truth, he appeared to many as if he were
clumsily looking around for words and as
if his usual felicity of language had de
serted him.
v "It was not a very impressive- scene,
but was thought to be rather more strik
ing than the scene in the House of Com
mons, and here comes one of the little
ironies of life:
"Tea on the terrace, one of London's
most fashionable gatherings, has been al
most abolished this year by .the bad
weather. To-day the sun was blazing,
with the result that the ladles came out
like butterflies after a shower and never
was the terrace so thronged, so gay and
so tumultuous as on this day of fright
and grief. There was something mourn
ful as well as striking In the scene and if
anything were wanting to make it more
mournful it was the gay bunting, the
Venetian masts and the glaring colors of
the decorations on Westminster bridge,
which cuts the skyline from the terrace.
"The flags flapped lazily in the sultry
air, the vast crowds passed slowly by. the
huge and groaning buses which stood in
rows of six and seven at a time. Tho
tide of life flowed on strong and tumult-"
uous, and the King Is fighting with
death."
Y ONDON, June 24.— The physicians
M ¦ who are attending King Edward are
•¦-V the ablest practitioners In all Eng
land. Each of them, is a specialist
In some .branch of the profession.
Sir Francis Henry Laklng is the fore
most figure in London's medical world.
He is a surgeonyjf rare skill. He is "phy
sician in ordinary and surgeon apothecary
to the King," also "apothecary to his
Majesty's household."
Sir Joseph Lister was surgeon extra
ordinary to Queen Victoria and was ap
pointed to the same position by King Ed
ward. He has been professor of clinical
surgery in various colleges, and is fam
ous for his discovery of the antiseptic
treatment In surgery.
Sir Thomas Barlow, physician extraor
dinary, held the same position under
Queen Victoria. He is professor of clin
ical medicine in University College Hos
pital.
Dr. Frederick Treves won for himself
at an unusually early age a place among
the greatest masters of surgery. He be
came a member of the Royal College of
Surgeons in 1874, and soon gained further
fame as an authority on abdominal oper
ations.
Sir Thomas Smith was born In 1833. He
13 consulting surgeon in several hospitals
and has been vice president of the Royal
College of Surgeons.
w ONDON, June 24.— Sir Frand3 Knol
i^ lys, the King's private secretary, is
. v ' sued the following official announce
ment at 12:46 p. m. to-day: 'i
"The King, is suffering from perity-
BULLETINS ON
THE CONDITION
OF THE KING
-_T . 0ND0N. June 21— Senator De
. ff pew, when I saw him at the
B ¦ Carlton Hotel this evening,
B • compared the effect of the
K news, of the King's illness upon
-**-^^ London, with the effect of the
news of the assassination of
President McKlnley upon Buffalo last
year. "|
~"It is a serious thing," said Depew. "It
is an exact parallel in many respects with
the incidents at Buffalo, although the ele
ment of tragedy is wanting. I was in Buf
falo at the time and the city was in just
such a state of exultation and exaltation
as London was this morning. There as
here one saw everywhere people enjoying
themselves. Here, from coster to peer,
the whole population yas anticipating the
crowning of the King. - Happy • crowds
were everywhere and people were ap
plauding and cheering the decorations
which especially appealed to them.
"Looking out of my window just .when
the news was being given outl saw a dra
matic sight. There was a tremendous
congestion of persons and vehicles In Pall
Mall, which lasted fully fifteen minutes.
Suddenly the news vender was seen, who
held aloft a huge poster of one of the
newspapers bearing the words, Corona
tion postponed; King very ill.' In a min
ute the whole crowd had dissolved and
soon the street was occupied only by of
dinary traffic.
"One thing that strikes one most forc
ibly at this time," said the Senator, "is
the immense popularity of the King. Not
a single discordant note, and I have talk
ed with many distinguished men-,, have
I heard- in .the general chorus of sorrow
for the King's illness."
"This is a very disastrous calamity,
which will touch the hearts of people all
over the world," said General Joseph
Wheeler. ""AH people have a deep sym
pathy.for those who, just about receiving
great honors, are suddenly prostrated.
The entire world* hopes for the King's
speedy I recovery. Whatever may be the
course of the disaster, the gayetyof Lon
don must, it^ seems to me, .immediately
cease. . The English people are very lib
eral to Americans in entertainment and
all the expressions we hear in London in
regard to Americans are of a most pleas
ing character/'!!:; am sure the Americans
can join in wishing; King Edward an early
return to health." ¦ ' • . .
-"Forty millions of English people are
io-nrgnt'soTTO wing* because" of the'unex
pected turn: events have taken," said H.
Clay i Evans, United . States ' Consul : Gen
eral/ VI am sure, my countrymen, both
Rejoicing Is Speedily Turned to Sorrow When the Newsboys of
London Furnish Tidings of the Ruler's Illness.
"His Majesty continues to make satis
factory progress and has been much re
lieved by the operation.
"LISTER.
J. Xt Jt» V £*». ' ¦» . -p
"SMITH. *^
"LAKING.
r "BARLOW." i£*V
Sir Francis Knoll y 3 announced at 4:30
p. m. that there had practically been no
change since the operation.
"His Majesty," he said, "continues to
sleep well and Is progressing satisfactor
ily."
Ther» Is no question. v however, that the
King's condition Is extremely critical.
The following bulletin was posted at
Buckingham Palace at 6 o'clock this even
ing:
phlitls. His condition on Saturday was so
satisfactory that it was hoped that with
care his Majesty would be able to go
through the ceremonies. On Monday even
ing a recrudescence became manifest, ren-
dering a surgical operation necessary to
day.
"LISTER.
"THOMAS SMITH.
"LAKING.
"THOMA3 BARLOW.
"TREVES."
At 2:46 p. m. the following bulletin was
posted at Buckingham Palace:
"The operation has been successfully
performed. A large abscess has been
evacuated. The King has borne the opera
tion well and Is in a satisfactory condi
tion."
MEN OF NOTE
ARE ATTENDING
KING EDWARD
The text of this communication was
withheld, but it was announced in sub
stance that Embassador Reid had receiv
ed a telephone message from Buckingham
Palace at 11 a. m., that owing to the con
dition of the King's health the banquet
which was to have been held .to-night
had been postponed. Later, accompanied
by Sir Fleetwood Edwards, to whom has
A cablegram was received early this af
ternoon at the State Department, where
Dr. D. J. Hill, First Assistant Secretary,
was acting secretary, from Whitelaw
Reid, Special Embassador from the Uni
ted States to the coronation.
At the British Embassy, still under the
gloom of the death of the British Embas
sador, Lord Pauncefote, a. honeful view
of their sovereign's illness., is taken by
Arthur S. Raikes, Charge d' Affaires, and
the attaches.
• Secretary Hay had left Washington for
Boston before the news had been re
ceived, but it was sent to him as soon as
it arrived. • President Roosevelt was fur
nished with a copy of official advices as
fast as they were received at the State
Department. " : . •
not survive, but official advices received
to-day from Special Embassador White
law Reid and Henry White, Secretary of
the United States Embassy in London,
were encouraging in tone.
DESCRIPTIVE:
STORY OF SCENE
IN PARLIAMENT
The news was startling, notwithstanding
the fact that reports of the King's serious
condition which have Deen current for
several days were credited here.
Many prominent Government officials to
day expressed a fear that the King will
CALL BUREAU, 1406 Q
STREET, N. "W.. "WASHING
TON, June 24.— The President,
Just before leaving 'the White
House for the railroad station,
sent the following cablegram to
King Edward:
His Majesty Edward VII, London: I ask
your Majesty to accept my sincere assurances
of sympathy and wishes for speedy conva
lescence. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
In President Roosevelt's cablegram to
King Edward is contained the sentiment
of the sympathy felt by all Washington
since the grave news of the King's seri
ous condition and the coronation's post
ponement was heralded in the streets to
day. This feeling is especially marked on
the part of the officials of the State De
partment, . who have regarded the ap
proaching coronation as the greatest dip
lomatic event of modern times, and on
the part of those diplomats who still re
main here and who If ear world-wide politi
cal complications should the lllniss of his
Majesty result seriously.
"I feel what I will not attempt to de
scribe, the feelings ! under which we • re
ceived the sad news to-day. It is the
most appalling event that could have been
conceived of by any one. Never was
London anticipating so ' bright and bril
liant a pageant as it was during the last
few weeks In anticipation of the corona
tion of the King. Never were so many
princes and potentates gathered together
to do honor to one man. London is full
of people who yesterday were joyously
anticipating the pageantry of Thursday
next, and it is full to-night of sorrowing
and weeping men and women.
.. t "If it please God to restore him we will
airjoln.in, gratitude, buVIf he is, during
Ihe^hours-otthls ntsht, to pass away we
will pray that through the valley of. the
shadow of death the presence of the Good
Shepherd may be with him and that if he
is -not to be crowned here he may be
crowned In the world to come." I ~.
worthy of such a mother and worthy of
such an empire. By his tact, by his gen
erosity, by his large-heartedness, by his
earnest desire for everything that tended
to the prosperity and happiness of his
people he has already won the hearts of
millions of his people scattered over che
face of the earth. .' . ,
been assigned the duty of the entertain
ment of special embassadors to the cor
onation, Reid went to Buckingham Palace
and found the King just rallying from, the
operation. He was doing nicely and had
escaped the usual shock attendant upon
such operations. Reid, stated that the
coronation had gone over without date
and that the ceremonies arranged-for.to
morrow had been declared off. Signs of
sorrow, he cabled, were everywhere vis
ible in London. From. Henry "White, sec
retary of the United States Embassy in
London, a cable dispatch was received by
Dr. Hill to the effect that the coronation
was postponed indefinitely, but that It
could not occur within at least two i
months, and that all ceremonies attend-,'
ant upon it had been, called off, with the
exception of the King's . dinner ' to the
poor, which will take place on Saturday.
Until the date to which the coronation
will be postponed is set, the department
here Is unable to say what will be the di
rections issued to Reid and members of
the special embassy from this country to
the coronation. Such plans will rest
largely with the pleasure <of Reid himself.
There Is a possibility ¦ that the embassy
might return to this country or that. the
members might merely consider them
selves released from their duties for the
present and again gather to attend -the,
coronation. ' •¦ . . r ¦
here and across the sea, are shocked by
the news of the King" s Illness and pray
for him an early recovery."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cabinet Council Acts.
LONDON, JTune 21— A Cabinet council,
which lasted ah hour, was held this even-
Ing at Mr. Bajfjjiir's room in the House
of CommgjMBHB is understood that it
was arranSQBBRB^rry on as far as pos
sible public business requiring the King's
approval and signature without reference
to his Majesty, In order to insure absolute
mental and physical rest- throughout what
the Ministers hope will be the period of
convalescence.
Reports King Sinking.
NEW YORK, June 24.— A Times spe
cial from London says: Lord Halsbury.
the Lord Chancellor, telegraphed at a
late hour to his fellow bencher. Sir Hen
ry Lawrence, the sub-treasurer of the
inner temple, that King Edward was
gradually sinking. I learned at midnight
that- some of the King's physicians have
admitted In private conversation that the
chances of his Majesty's recovery arc
slight.
Diplomats in the American Capital Apprehensive of International
Complications Should King Edward's Life End.
TOURED Denmark, Sweden and Russia, 1S04.
VISITED Egypt and Suez Canal, 1869.
ATTACK of typhoid fever brought him near to
death, 1871.
ELECTED Grand Master of Freemasons of Eng
land, 1874.
MADE Field Marshal of Army, May, 1875.
Made grand tour of India. 1875-76.
TOURED Ireland, 1885.
WON THE DERBY with Persimmon, 1S96.
APPOINTED Grand Master and Principal Knight
of Grand Cross of the Bath, Jane 21, 1897.
REPRESENTED the Queen in Naval Review "Dia
mond Jubilee," June, 1897.
FELL and fractured kneecap, July, 1898.
FIRED at in Brussels Railway Station by craxy
youth named Sipldo, April 4, 1900.
SUCCEEDED to the Throne. January 23, 1901.
BORN at Buckingham Palace November 9, 1841.
CREATED Prince of Wales and Earl ' of Chester
"by Patent under the Great Seal, December
4, 1841... ._._¦ „ • _ .........
APPOINTED ¦ Brevet Colonel of Army, November,
1858. .
ENTERED Christ Church College, Oxford, 1859.
VISITED Canada and United . States under his
title of Duron Renfrew, 1860.
TOURED Germany, Italy, Syria and Egypt, 1862.
PROMOTED General, November, 1862.
TOOK SEAT In Privy Council and House of Lords,
1862. .
MARRIED at Windsor. Princess Alexandra of
f Denmark, March 10, 1863.
RENOUNCED succession to throne of Saxe-Co
burg In favor of younger brothers, 1863.
PRINCIPAL EVENTS IN KING'S LIFE
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT SENDS MESSAGE OF SYMPATHY
AND WISHES FOR THE RECOVERY OF THE SOVEREIGN
CHILDREN OF KING AND OFFSPRING
I — GEORGE FREDERICK, Duke of Cornwall and
York (successor); born January 3, 186S; mar
ried July C, 1S93, to Princess Victoria^Mary
of Teck.
OFFSPRING:
EDWARD ALBERT— Born, June 23, 1S94.
ALBERT FREDERICK — Born December 14,
1895.
VICTORIA ALEXANDRA — Born April 25, 1S97.
HEXRY WILLIAM — Born March 31, lOOO.
.II — PRINCESS LOUISE — Born February 20, 1S67j
married July 27, 1889, to Duke of Fife.
OFFSPRING:
ALEXANDRA VICTORIA— Born May 17, 1891.
MAUD ALEXANDRA — Born April 3, 1893.
Ill — PRINCESS VICTORIA ALEXANDRA — Born
July 6, 1868.
IV — PRINCESS MAUD CHARLOTTE— Born Novem
ber 2G, 1S69; married July 22, 1896, to Prince
Karl of Denmark.
V — ALBERT VICTOR. Duke of Clarence, the first
son of King Edward— Born January 8, 1864;
died January 14, 1892.
English primogeniture takes no acccoant
of the Stilic law . debarring; female succession, so
In his son. George, who succeeds him, and
George's three son* and daughter, the Duchess of
Fife and her children, the Princess Victoria and
the Princess Maud, married to Prince Karl of
Denmark, King: Edward's death Would leave the
line of succession well sustained in his own Im
mediate family. His mother, the late Queen Vic
toria, was the last of the House of Hanover on
the English throne, as Edward VII is the first of
the Saxe-Cohnrg line to sit thereon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, - JUNE 25, 1902.
3
I have a message to every suffering and
bealth-broken man in this country. If
you are afflicted with Sexual Weakness
or TCervous Debility I want you to read
this article and then write to me. I
have a medicine with which I have cured
hundreds of my friends and others who
have written me for it. I am not a doc-
tor or a sharper, but a plain business
xcan. and I want every weak, disap-
pointed and debilitated man to write to
me for & copy of the formula from which
this wonderful medicine Is prepared. I -Jo
rot ask j-ou for money. It Is free.
Bead the following-, by William Cole,
11. D., Washington, D. C, published In
the United States Investigating Reports
regarding the prescription from which
this remedy for curing Lost Manhood is
prepared.
During the examination cf men for the army
during our recent war with Spain, our United
Etates army physicians were shocked to find
co large a "percentage of men disqualified be-
cause of nervous disorders. It is not the pur-
pose of these reports to enter into" a etatement
cf causes, other than to 6ay that the sufferer
Is seldom to blame. Hie condition- Is indeed
deplorable; his memory falls him. his energy
gone, his eyesight dimmed, his muscles soft
and his nervous stamina gone. He is pitied by
those versed in nervous disorders and repelled
by those of both sexes who do not understand
how dark the world Is to him.
Some fifteen years ago the writer gave atten-
tion to the cure of nervous disorders, and
found that the late Dr. WllEon. Professor of
Chemistry and Practitioner of Medicine In
Bellevue Medical College of New York, had a
formula of wonderful power to restore to men
the fullness of their physical and mental
ftrength. In the year 1SS3 the celebrated Dr.
TVllson died, and his formula hae been obtained
by L. F. Page cf 201 State street, Marshall.
Michigan, who I prepares It according to the
original prescription, and from our analysis of
the same, by our Board of Investigation, we
find It composed of pure and freeh drugs, and
that It Is eold under the name of "'Dr. "Wilson's
Restorative Remedies." Our Investigation was
extended into a great number of similar prep-
arations, none of which were found equal to the
abote, while many were prepared by those who
len«*r litti* or nothing about therapeutics or
tnateria medica. TVe hereby caution the public
• cair.rt the use of all uncertain remedies and
all who need nerve-llfe-bring^nis' medicine we
recommend them to take Dr. Wilson's Restora-
tive Remedies, prepared and sold by I* F.
Pape, 201 State street. Marshall, Michigan, and
unto the aforesaid Dr. 'Wilson's Restorative
Kcmedies we extend the official indorsement of
the United Etates Investigating Reports.
To every one who writes in good faith
I -will send the full formula of this won-
derful medicine. This prescription and
full directions are sent free. Have it
filled, or If you desire, you can buy the
remedies and prepare it privately Just
as well yourself. One prescription will
make a new man of you. One dose will
be enough to convince you of Its marvel-
ous power.
Among those whose attention has been
cttracted by this magnanimous offer Is
the Rev. J. S. B. Crawford of Wayns-
vilie, N. C, a very prominent divine,
whose own vitality was seriously Im-
paired. Being sick of paying money to
cuacks and charlatans who took his
money without doing Mm any good, Mr.
Crawford had the prescription made up
And took it regularly, as he was directed. !
TTith this result, he was perfectly cured,
and rfter several years of enjoyment of
We newly given powers, made the state-
ment publicly that e\ - ery man in need of
help should do likewise.
There are not many ministers who
¦would be willing to publicly indorse and
recommend a cure of this kind, with the
etatement that they themselves had been
cured by It, but the Rev. Crawford has
in him a great deal of true gratitude and
love of mankind. This is shown In a re-
cent letter in which he says that he
makes public acknowledgment "in order
that others may receive the same happy
results."
You are older now and can look back
and see the mistakes you have made,
but vou cannot recall the vigor and fire
ef the springtime of robust manhood.
Tour transgressions have left^their mark
vpen you. Your errors and excesses
Jiave ravaged your system and under-
mined your nerve force. Quickness,
fcackache. nervousness and debilitating
drains and worn-out, shrunken and life-
less organs are making your life a mis-
erable existence devoid of pleasure. You,
hesitate and falter; you are not the mair*
you once were and you know it. Cast
aside your modesty. This matter is too
Important- Act at once with manly de-
cision.
Tiiis formula is printed and costs me
almost nothing, and I give it free of any
charge. I do not ask It, but if you de-
elre to do so you can pay something after
using it. I want to help every suffering
man in America to regain his health and
i strength and the ability to enjoy the
I rueriEures of life .as I do. Address L* F.
1 Page, private box 777, Marshall, lllch.
A PR1INI
' DIVINE
NEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prica Lists MailaS
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
I f WH & C\ 00 ° Battery Street.
J- I- TT ILJUft g WJ-. Telephone Main 186J,
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYFS & CO Shipping Butchens. 101
JA3- DUICJgVj Clay. Tel. Main IZH.
OILS.
XX-BRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS,
418 Front ct.. S. F. Phone Main 1711».
PRINTING.
F T FTTfiHFs PRINTER.
. mt B( * Obi noB-poIsonotw
>62Sjr CURES ySk VThitcF. nnn*tural dis-
&BfBf In 1 1» 5 d«yt. In ch«T£es, or »ny inSjiinmk-
ffr^V G-*rtctse4 to ** 'ion, lrrittt.io:» or ulcera-
tlV> » . ,,...,i.. tion of tnacona aem-
C2 Pret """ ZH n * biacrs. Non-aitringcnt.
KKt«E«!CSC«I«IMiC0. jboM hy DreBKUU,
eent In pltin wr*;>p»r,
r. g. A. jtS*ij by «zpres*. prepaid, for
»i.oo, or 3 bott!c«. 12.73.
' f> E Circuitr eent ca requeti.
Under
Royal Warrant
Afiollinaris
J- THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS '
is supplied to \
His Majesty,
The Kingof England
and to
H. R.. H.
the Prince of Wales
and served at all
the Court Festivities.
Advises All Persons Suffering
From Lost Manhood to
Send for This
Free Gore.
HAS THE OFFICIAL INDORSEMENT
the American Authority on All
Matters of Public
Welfare.
Of the TJ. S. Investigating Reports —
HEAD THIS OFFER.
ACCEPT IT TO-DAY.
Yftiir Siimnipr Suit
Bought it vet? If not, come in and try on one of our $9 r^i§»§gijl§2^
suits — we will not urge you to buy — the suit is its own salesman. .^WJm^^ffiS^o^^
In buying our $9 suit you are not spending much money, /^^^^ilmmiiW^^^
but at the same time are getting a stylish, neat fitting, all wool S^^^^WMM-M^^^Su
sack suit that will wear you splendidly all through the summer. /f^M^^Mmm^^^^^^W
Then in the late fall you can get you a better suit if you choose.
These $9 suits are the thing for summer. illl
The suits are made by union labor in our own workshops. Y^^^^-/:S^i.!;v;-ttS;i^^^///
They bear the union label, which is a guarantee of 'good work- \| Ji S^gSKMimB/i Jill
manship and cleanly surroundings where the clothes are made. \\\ jfiWll [[Hlla | \\\\
The assortment is blue serges and light patterned tweeds j| B|Hk|] fl|MW| iff
and cheviots in light summery weights. The usual price for suits \||BM^^jJ|j| Iftfflti//,
as good is $12.00; in buying direct' from the maker the suit costs \ IJ^WSBHilfflPl) f /
¦^ s - s^^ Striped worsted trousers, worth ',U|^HI^^I«^9!|i|r'
Sailor Suits *ff|
||f'Jv» W^^^^c^- J*ir werc - a g°°d many people disappointed at the last sale
w^° came t0 ° ate - ne smts are actually $5.00 values; any
customer not satisfied that the suits are • worth $5.00 can have
X^^^^^^p^^ his money back. The sizes are 3 to J2 years; the patterns are
light summer effects and are very desirable; the sale price is but
ilif pf| Imported Mexican straw hats for children, boys and ladies,
/^L^^^M ? Baseball and bat or explosion cane free with any suit in this
718 Market StreetMANY MEN AFFECTEI
snouia tne contractors ignore the
brotherhood carpenters next week, about
J600 men will be thrown out of work. As
there are less than 2300 carpenters now at
work in this city, it will be set=n that
building operations must necessarily be
cericusly handicapped. That all of the
crafts connected with the building trades
will be affected goes without saying. The
millmen have announced their intention
to- stand by the Building Trades Council,
vrhile on the other hand the stairbuilders
are backing up the brotherhood. I Serious
complications are bound to arise, and if
the j Labor Council, . with which the
brotherhood unions are affiliated, takes a
hand in the business, a general strike,
which will affect and possibly cripple the
building trades in all their branches, may
result-
The brotherhood men have already been
advised by the district council that strike
benefits will be allowed to all union, men
who are discharged by the contractors by
reason of the fact that the men have no
building trades- working cards. The an
nouncement has greatly encouraged the
men and they say they will not back
down, be the result what it may
Attorney Hu. Jcnes, counsel for the
?h?h?,iM Protectiv « Association, said that
th ««, 1 J?t er ? W , ere deter mineu to stand by
the spirit of their resolution adopted some
weeks ago. They deemed it to be the best
policy to recognize the Building Trades
Council, because such a course was best
5*hi C ?! at^ d V° ", ettIe the d^PUte between
the brotherhood and the Building Trades
Council. The builders had no a«sireto
provoke trouble, but on the contrary th f y
v e l e d £ lng their best to evade it. They
?i d vf? ffc^ ed *f reatly - b y reason of the con^
troversy in the past, and th»y were de-
of bringing about peace Jonls
was unable to say what the outcome of
a: ssg^srs* h -H
GRANTED CERTIFICATES ;V >
TO PRACTICE DENTISTRY
California State Board of Dental Ex
aminers PassVlau-ge Number
of Applicants. ¦
The California State Board of Dental
Examiners have completed their labor in
examining aspirants for certificates to
practice dentistry in this State. Out of 160
cfark W ?¦££''*• ,*• L ' Hursh, 'W. M.
«.•»»*. J - McCracken, C. S Pitt C M.
WE DaLS*^ 1 Cr ix U G E< £ £. Sche^.
J F wSJ^w S - & Rhode ». A. B. Peters
ii r^. ??¦ H - Watkina, W. F Richard*
H. Epstein. C. C. Richards. H/CPetertH
| sag % %$B$, I rSI
F. Theadore, W. A. •Warantz R. c w«»«t- n
W. Benjamin. J. W. Gray. W E sXley C
F. Gross. D. Eaton. TV. W. Ramsev V-- W-
Locke, C. W. Bendii Jr.. A H WorthlT* J
O. Erown. H J. .Graham. A. F Coopl/- M
D. McKean. E. C. Parks, L von Zesch M
Worthinjrton. M. Blossam M M Stelnhiller
Kano L. Wllkins. R. McMahon. EHto C E*
Clement, WK. Wadleigh. J. F. Smith w'w
Goode. C. n. Dickens. E. D. Gould' H r
Klman C H. Lemon. L. J. McMahon D P
Edwards, P. J. Wilkins J. L, Smith C a
T. Hanson, M. F. Fountain W. 6 G'ray C
6. Coe. C. S. Cavanaueh, R. H. Murphy r
O. Rader. L B. Bines.' J. E. cStrtte' S
R. Hunter. F. T. Snow, G. F. Kelley c ;
Van Wyck. P. H. Lowers. R. c. Mathis w"
E. Schott. T. R. Carrlllo. E. D. HUleV C
B. Stanter. C. G. Schwar*. E. B. Van Worm!
er, H. C. H. Schneder. C. C. Heller W B
Mason, C. A. Kltchan, E. D. Arnold P* h'
Kroeck. N. F. Hlrtz. C. S McCowon' e'
TV'. Nelson. P. C. Hartman. H. C. Duckett'
F. B. Davis, P. J. Meyers. R. E. Smith w'
H. Thompson. E. N. W. Davis W. C Hall'
G. O. Swigert. J. P. Stokes. ' R. . H. Deralnr'
F. White. G. TV. Gilbert. W. D. Hamilton
J. R. Ivey, G. E. Mosher. R. McCUnton.
The certificates for those who passed the
examination will be ready at the office of
I>r. Balrd, 502 Sutter street, Saturday, at
1 o'clock.
I understand the Building Trades Council will
now withdraw that objectionable clause in sec
tion 8, article 2. of their constitution. Thai
may be one means of solving the difficulty, but
when they iaslst that the question of affiliation
with any central body -be left to a majority
vote of all the carpenters in the city and county
of San Franciscc to decide, I cannot agree to
that part. The decision of the G. E. B. in the
matter is the decision that should be respected
and obeyed. Our local unions have the right
to affiliate with -any central body, provided
their laws do not conflict with ours. Tours.
FRANK DUFFT.
I Quite agree that the District Council could
not submit the proposition made by the
builders to a referendum vote.: You have taken
a position and the G. E. B. will stand by you
ln that position, and it is now the duty of the
loyal locals to stand by that decision, no mat
ter what the results may be.
L. Lester Edner. secretary District Council —
Dear Sir and Brother: I have carefully con
sidered your letter under date of June 4 and
the set of resolutions adopted by the Builders'
Association, with a view of settling the con
troversy between the United Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of America and the
Building Trades Council of San Francisco.
A meeting of the brotherhood unions
has been called for Monday evening next,
at v.hich time the situation will be thor
oughly canvassed- and u plan of campaign
ouuino.d. The senumtnt among the brotn
t:huocl men is fctrongly in favor of mak
ing a vigorous light, even if such a course
brings about a general strike among the
builcring trades.' . . • • . ¦ ¦
The contractors Fay they will not r«c
cgJiize the brotherhood men after July 1,
bectusc il is their beat judgment that it :s
lo their interests to employ only such
men at are affiliated with the "Building
Trades Council. They say, too. that
ihey are not epposed to the brotherhood
carpenters merely because they are bat
tling against tne Building Trades Council,
but because the power of the council in
the local building field is such that the
contractors cannot afford to ignore it in
favor of a. body of men who. have only
their affiliation with a national organiza
tion to support their claims. The brother
hood men refused to submit the proposi
tion of rescinding an objectionable clause
of the constitution of the Building Trades
Council to a vote of all the carpenters
and the contractors affect to regard this
us a means of escaping a vote, which
might result in their defeat^
BROTHERHOOD IS FIRM.
The District Council Brotherhood
of Carpenters met lastMnSQQfhd received
the following commumHftion from Gen
eral Secretary Frank Duffy of the broth
erhood at Philadelphia relative to the
trouble. The communication is dated
June 15:
The Brotherhood of Carpenters declare*
its determination to fight a strong battle
should the contractors carry out their
threat to stand by the Building Trades
Council to the decree they say they will.
They have the bacKing of the Labor Coun
cil, which body at a recent meeting in
dorsed the siand taken by the brother
hood and gave assurances of .support
when ihe lijrlu is" fairly on.
Serious trouble IrT'the' building" trades,
when the armistice agreed upon between
the contractors and carpenters comes to
an end on July 1, is generally regarded as
likely., On the date mentioned the con
tractors will refuse to recognize or em
ploy carpenters who have not the working
card of the Building Trades Council, and
with this action, trouble, the end of
which jio man can foresee, seems inevi
table." . ¦[ •
Carpenters' War May Result
in a Cessation of
Cparationa
Serious Trouble Looked
For Within the Next
Few Weeks.
BUILDING TRADES
AT LOGGERHEADS
The Lyceum Clothing Company, is sell
ing men's all-wool suits, worth $15.00 for
$5.85 at manufacturers' sale. 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. •< ; . • ?
FAILED TO WARX TERRY.— Mark A Ter
ry, who fell from a McAllister street car' as Tit
was rounding a curve, at Fulton and McAl
lister streets January 28. filed _,a suit for
$10,000 damages against the United Railroads
yesterday. Terry alleges that > he • was not
warned of the existence of the curve "
Stenographer Is Appointed.
Customs Collector Stratton " has ap
pointed Mrs. B. T. 1 Smith for thirty days
as stenographer in the Chinese Bureau at
a salary of $3 per day. ! .
The members who signed the petition
to call the special meeting have availed
themselves of the by-laws in order tp
prevent the sale of. the property and to
pass resolutions that -will be for the best
interests of the organization;
• . ' i :
Members of Mercantile Library Asso
ciation Petition for a Special
Meeting Next Week.
, A number, of members of the Mercan
tile Library Association have requested
George A. Newhall, the president of the
organization, to call. a special meeting of
all the 'members in order to protest
against the action of- the board of trus
tees, which proposes to sell the property
of the association on Golden Gate and
Van Ness avenues for $130,0«,..
Michel Cordich, boarding-house keener
at Angels Camp, Calaveras County fllpd
a petition stating his liabilities at $1340-5
and his assets at $31 23. -. - -
Ti^i 1 ?, 113 ln were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows: A. Wolfen. Charles Jacobson &
Co. and Thomas Parker, creditors of R
L.-Hall. of San Francisco, ask that h3
be declared an involuntary insolvent
They allege, that Hall owes them S
and that he has committed an act of
insolvency by transferring his property to
Petitions in Insolvency.
PROTEST AGAINST
SALE OF, PROPERTY
STARR KING LODGE
OF MASONS BANQUETS
Enjoyable Supper Partaken of by
Members of the Newest Subor
dinate of Great Fraternity.
The newly raised brethren of Starr
King Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons,
under dispensation, celebrated St. John's
day by a banquet last night in. the Cali
fornia-Hotel to. the officers of the lodge
and a "number of specially invited guests.
There were present about seventy. The
worshipful master, I. B. Schnatz, was
toastmaster. He delivered an address of
welcome and gave a brief history off the
formation of the lodge' about eight months
ago. Grand Master W. S. Wells was to
have spoken to • "Freemasonry in Gen
eral," but owing to the. fact that.it'was
the anniversary of -his" birth, he was with
his family .and could not be present,/ but
sent a letter, which was read by Profes
sor J..W. Anderson. In this he expressed
his best wishes for the new lodge. .
The Security Trust Company of Indian
apolis, which claims to have been victim
ized by Black in the sum of $500, tele
graphed to its attorneys in this city last
night offering to refrain from prosecuting
the prisoner if he will make good tho
amount: ; V- :•";,>''
we -hate to part with' him. "We will keep
him as long as we can in' the expectation
that he will be taken back East : for
trial. His operations in Indianapolis and
other Eastern cities were .precisely the
pame as here. Heldid not expect tobe
caught so soon, but -if we had waited
l\e might have made his escape, as he did
from other cities.". ¦ • > .:>-. '•?..
Mr. Boardman — As far as I am concerned,
if your Honor please, as the prosecuting wit
ness in this matter, I am ready to proceed
with the case at the convenience erf the court
and the convenience of counsel on the other
side.- I agree -with Mr. -Campbell, -that inas
much as there has been some proceeding
heretofore in this case, and In which special
prosecutors have appeared on behalf of the
Governor, that some notice might be given to
them, if they desire to be present when the
preliminary examination commences;
OFFEBS TO' NOTIFY MOORE. -
Mr. Campbell — I will say, as soon as your
Honor fixes the time, I will notify Mr. Moore
POLICE WILL NOT GIVE
. SUSPECT BLACK. LIBERTY
They Are Waiting for Advices From
the Authorities of Eastern
Hi Has
The case of J. B. Black, the man with
many aliases, charged with making and
passing fictitious checks, will be called
in Judge Conlan's court this morning, and
will probably be dismissed, as the checks
have been honored. Black will not, how
ever, be released from custody, as a draft
for $1100 which he deposited with the
Western National Bank on a New York
bank has been returned as worthless. He
will be held as : a- fugitive from justice,
as he is wanted in Springfield, Mass. An
otficer is expected from there within a
few days with the necessary papers for
his extradition.
Captain Martin said yesterday: "There
have been no new developments to-day.
We have. been expecting advices from the
East, but none has ccme. »We are 'Satis
fied that Black is a clever criminal, and
SCENE IN THE POLICE COURT YESTERDAY WHEN -PROSECUTOR
BOARDMAN AND ATTORNEY CAMPBELL, FOR THE DEFENDANTS
ASKED FOR AN EARLY HEABING OF THE GAGE^LIBEL CASE
Mr. Campbell — Mr. ' Boardman and myself.
If it is convenient to you, will agree to take
it up Friday morning — start it on Friday
morning; of course we cannot do it all in
one day, but wo will start the testimony: on
Tho Court — You confer with Mr. Boardman.
Mr. Hanley— Mr.' Boardman has instituted
the proceeding, and I. at this time, of course,
know absolutely nothing about it. I Just had
a few moments' conversation with Mr. Board
man this morning.. . ..¦
The Court — Any time the District Attorney
and the attorney for the defense may agree
upon. '
mygelf. ; ¦ . ¦
The Court— rAt this time there is no special
counsel present. Of course. Mr. Hanley. the
Assistant District Attorney, will represent tho
complaining witness in the case, Mr. Board
man,, and as far as the court is concerned, I
am ready to hear the matter at any time at
all. . ' ..,.;¦
Mr. Campbell — Can you start by the morn
ing? .'
"It Is a fact," said. Mr. Boardman yes
day, "that my offices adjoin those of Mr.
Shortridge, but I am not associated with
him in the practice of. law. Mr. Short
rlage has been absent from the city for
the past two weeks, and could not and
did not know of my intention to bring the
present proceedings. The Statement that
he suggested or advised my action ia un-
Louis P. Boardman, who had the pro
prietor and the manager of The Call ar
rested for libel on the Governor of. thU
State, is very much wroth over the, state
ments made by certain newspapers that
lie is acting on the advice of Samuel M.
Shortridge..
before the court at all. absolutely, nothing,
with the exception of this new complaint.
•' Mr. Boardman — The whole matter goe3 over
then until Friday at 10 o'clock.
The Court— Friday morning next at 10
o'clock. . .,.
Mr. Campbell — If your Honor please, the de
fendants that were arrested yesterday on a
charge of libel are present in court, and de
sire your Honor to fix a time for the hearing.
I understand that ! there are some special
counsel that are engaged in. the prosecution.
"While we desire they should be notified and
be given an • opportunity, if .they desire," to
appear, still we desire a speedy commence
ment of the case. We are willing, your Honor,
to fix some time when we will start with the
examination. r - ..', . k
In speaking of the application made
last Friday by the attorneys for
Mr. Spreckels and Mr. Leake to have
the preliminary examination held here,
and not in far-away San Pedro,
the Judge announced that he would
put that over until he* could ex
amine into the complaint filed on Mon
day last. He said as the ihatter now
stands there is nothing before the court,
with the exception of the new complaint.
Following is a stenographic report of
yesterday's proceedings: '
Judge Fritz next Friday
morning. The defendants appeared in
the Police Court yesterday and through
their attorney, Joseph C. Campbell, asked
for an immediate hearing. After some
discussion between the court and counsel
and the prosecuting witness, Judge Fritz
set next Friday morning for the examina
tion. •
TESTIMONY in the cases of
J%hn D. Spreckels and "W. S.
Leake, arrested on complaint
of Louis P. Boardman, charg
ing them with libeling Gover
nor Gage, will be taken before
SAN DIEGO, June 24.— Samuel M. Short
ridge, who has been here for the last
week in attendance upon litigation con
cerning the Golden Cross mines in the
Superior Court, was Interviewed on the
subject of the libel complaint against
John D. Spreckels and W. S. Leake. filed
by Louis P. Boardman in a San Francisco
court, and said that Mr. Boardman is
not in hl3 employ, but simply rented a
room from him in nte suite of offices in
the Crocker building and has no business
connection with him. Mr. Shortridge
added that he had no professional or other
connection with the case and had no
knowledge of the filing of the complaint
by Boardman until he read of it In tha
press dispatches to-day.
Shortridge Not Concerned.
Found Wandering in the Sand Dunes.
Mrs. M. McLaughlin, an elderly woman
residing at S2S Third street, was found
wandtring-in the "sand dune3 west of Sun
set ! Valley yesterday- and taken to the
Park Emergency Hospital. She disap
peared from . her home Monday after
noon, and her relatives were searching
for, her when news of. her detention ac
the' hospital reached them. From her ap
pearance it is believed that' sh© is slight
ly demented. • : .•¦¦¦;¦ •-_:* / • .
The wholesale dealers in linseed on, tur,
pentine and lead in this city are having
the warmest time in all their trade ex
perience. Every dealer is making an open
rate on these commodities on his own ac
count, all because the gentlemen's agree
ment among them to preserve certain
prices has been violated, and a trade wa<
has been inaugurated which may com
tine a long time and. Involve other arti
cles offered for sale in the same general
lines. To-day a purchaser of one barrel
of linseed oil can secure. the oil as cheap
ly as if he bought 1000 barrels. The sam<*
open conditions obtain in relation to tha
market quotations for turpentine, lead}
and litharge. In all the downtown prints
ing offices circulars are daily in prepara
tion containing Individual announcements
of the several firms engaged In the oil
and lead business. These circulars ara
greedily grabbed up by the retail trade.
the members of which are watching thf»
developments keenly and buying wner*
they can make the most saving as com
pared with the former prides.
In this the retailers are supposed to bq
making hay while the sun shines. aU
though there- are no wholesalers who caa
be found to hazard a prediction as M
whether the cutting of prices will con
tinue long or will suddenly cease. In tha
meantime the circulars are like war bul
letins to the trade. In the strife such
large concerns as the Standard Oil Com
pany and the Pacific Linseed Oil ami
Lead Works are taking part. These tw.»
have been- supplying the jobbers with th»
goods to be distributed among the retail
trade. On Friday of last week they re
ceived letters from the secretary of tha
parties to the gentlemen's agreement in
which it was diplomatically announced
that one unnamed party to the agree
ment had seen fit to refuse to contlnua
and therefore the rates could not be main
tained.
Up to that time and during a period
of years the jobbers had been allowed a
differential of 5 cents on linseed oil. Tha
Standard Oil Company and the Pacific Oil
and Lead Works prepared at once tq
shade off their price lists to meet the new
conditions. One day left only a 1-cent
differential. The Standard Oil Company
was the more aggressive and wiped out
the entire differential In favor of the job
bing trade on Monday of the present
week and the other supply house imme
diately followed suit. So it happened that
yesterday the retailer could buy from tho
supply houses just as cheaply a9 could
the jobbers and fur or oil flew, along tha
entire line.
As indicating the general conditions, a
circular that was issued by Yates & Co.
and that was eagerly perused by tha
trade, jobbing and retail alike, is inter
esting. Pure raw linseed oil in barrels
was quoted at 71 cents per gallon and in,
cases at 76 cents: boiled linseed oil' in
barrels.^ent at '73 cent&i-pvr gallon *ifcnct
7S cents in cases.- The grading: in rates
according to quantities, purchased^ of
white lead, according to. the -game circu
lar, was seen to have almost entirely Sis
appeared. There were but two condition*
specified. One applied to 500 pounds and
upward and the other to less than Cuu
pounds. < ... . - -
. Parties who have new buildings or old
ones to decorate will be able to save
money by buying lead and oil while the
war lasts, and this will cause the effects
of the outbreak to be felt for some time.
There are two explanations as' to the or
igin of the disagreement. . One is that
outside oil was brought in. and -was sur
reptitiously,, sold at low, rates to get tha
market. The other is that the goods reg
ularly procured from' the -local - supply
houses were deliberately slaughtered.
There is considerable heat ¦ under this
seemingly, spontaneous combustion and
hard names are not infrequent when the
origin of the oil and lead war is dis
cussed.
Jobbers Are Having Exciting
Experiences All Along
the Line.
Trade Battle Is On and
Kates Are Given
Openly.
OIL AND LEAD
MEN WAGE WAR
JUDGE FRITZ WILL HOLD THE PRELIMINARY EXAMINATION
IN THE MATTER OF THE ALLEGED LIBEL OF THE GOVERNOR
Police Magistrate Sets Friday .Morning for the Initial Hearing of the
Evidence in the Action Instituted by Boardman.
Friday morning.
Mr. Boardman — That is satisfactory to me,
ycur Honor.
The Court— Friday morning next.
Mr. Hanley — I suggest — Of course Friday —
_!Mr. Campbell— (Interrupting.) . Then, in the
meantime— - .
Mr. Hanley^- (Interrupting.) The calendars
in the morning have been pretty heavy of
late. Your Honor might take some afternoon
for this matter, because you know the : work
is very much congested in the morning.-
COUBT SETS HEAHING.
i The j Court: — I have every afternoon of this
week engaged with the exception of Saturday
afternoon. Mr. Clerk will you look at the
calendar for Friday afternoon?
(The clerk did as requested.) ;
•The "Court — I have a Jury case at 2 o'clock.
Mr. Campbell— I prefer- to start on Friday
morning-, if your Honor please. '
The Cqurt— Friday morning next. Very
welli
Mr. Campbell— At 10 o'clock. <
The Court— Friday morning next at 10
o'clock. There is a matter pending before the
court, an application— I d<T not see counsel
present this morning. I will put that over —
I will . pass that matter until I can look into
this complaint. This complaint filed yesterday
Is entirely new to me. I have not had an
opportunity to look into It at all. I will let
that other matter go over also with this mat
ter. As the matter stands now there is nothing
true. I deemed It my duty to do so, and
shall bring the matter to a conclusion."
SETS DAY FOB HEABING.
San Pedro Justice Demands Presence
of Spreckels and Leake.
SAN PEDRO, June " 24— Upon the de
mand of Johnson Jones, Deputy Assist
ant District Attorney of Los Angeles
County, the following order was Issued by
Justice Henry C. Downing at 11 o'clock
to-day in the criminal libel proceedings
instituted by Governor Gage against John
D. Spreckels and W. S.'Leake:
' In the Justice's Court of Wilmington Town
ship, County of Los Angeles, State of Califor
nia. — The People" of the State of "California,
plaintiff, vs. John D. Spreckels and "W. S.
Leoke, defendants. — The warrant of arrest
heretofore issued in the above entitled action
for the arrest of the above named 'defendants
having been by the Sheriff of Los Angeles
County returned to me, accompanied by an in
dorsement thereon to the effect that said Sher
iff had executed said warrant as required by
law and that the said defendants were arrest
ed in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, and that thereupon they
rave bail .for their appearance before me, and
said bail, consisting of an undertaking in writ
ing, conditioned as required by law, for the ap-
sssass
and the same la hereby nzed~for ***¦**? « th *
30th day Of June. A,- D. 1*2. at 11 o dMU
m.. and the District Attorney In and for Los
Angeles County having applied to this court for
an order requiring defendants aforesaid to be
personally present at said examination, ana
upon said application, it having been satisfac
torily shown to me that all witnesses to be
heard upon said examination must be examined
In. the presence of the -defendants and each of
them, and that the presence of said defendants
is therefore necessary at said hearing and ex
amination, > .••"¦¦ . ¦ »i. j
•Now. therefore, it is ordered that the de
fendants. J.ohn D. Spreckels and W. S. Leakf
be and ¦ appear before me at my office In the
city of San -Pedro,. In the county of Los Angele*.
State of- California. . on the thirtieth day of
June A. D. 1902. the day fixed for said exam
ination of defendants in "^"J^jjjq
Justice of the Peace. "Wilmington Township,
County of Los Angeles; State of California.
The "order -will be 'gfven to Sheriff "Wil
liam Hammel of Los Angeles, who will
go to San Francisco at once to produce
the defendants. Owing* to. -the fact that
they "are already under * ajrest In San
Francisco upon the same charge, interest
ing developments are expected.
4
KEMP'S SUPPOSITORIES.
A CHEERFUL MOOD
/J^^ho*^ A lizht h»art Is lmpos-
/<eB^ ««^afigk sible to any woman who
«?? \* * s almc«t constantly ill.
tt§- 23 C5*l With aches of all kiruls,
'»J| *3" W pains Jn. the ovaries, leu-
vt*. /^kritJll! corrhoea, etc., how can
\^\liSiz^J' '" he be cheerful and
TpT^twlj happy? If she tries to ba
7^4^tte» " *°' under such conditions.
' 4^-v^ i <^'W^ there cannot help ,but be
a contracted, unnatural
yyjy^y^.-v^-fiftw expression on her face.
which la mora pathetio
*^$il«^\ BrU because It U ' unnec-
essary. Pcrhass she im-
agines the Is incurable.' or else dreads con-
sulting a Dhysiclan relative to her trouble.
What a relief it should be to her to know; that
by using Kemp's Suppositories sire can be ht-r
own doctor, as no examination la necessary and
instruments which are so Injurious ' ara not
required. The above conditions prove. that tha
generative organs are badly deranged and ii
permitted to continue more serious trouble will
result. Kemp's Suppositories are a. local treat -
, ment which contains no opiates to) stupefy cr
benumb the patient, and • are a sure cure for
alt female complaints, as .thousands of women
can testify. HS3A , "• •*.'•'¦ ¦>•
; SAX FRAXCISCO.
K. S. C. Medical Co.^-Dear Sirs; Allow ir.a
the privilege of.thanktn* you for . the cure I
have found in th« use of Kemp's Suppositories.
¦ I was doctored for 'three, years by two of ouf
I eminent physicians 'of San" Francisco." "I was
treated for Inflammation and ulcera-
tlon of the uterus, which robbed ir.9
of the Joys of life. I was very
skeptical about usin* anything of tha kind, but
in my despair I was Induced to use Kemp's
Suppositories, and after two weeks' use of the
remedy I was relieved of the inflammation and
Intensa pain. By a continued use for five
months I nrorounced myself cured, and for the
last two years I have been enjoying the best
of health. Gratefully. - •
" ; MRS.." J. CKUDEN.
$10C0 to any one who can prove thit' th»
above testimonial In not genuine.
;$0 Kemp's Suppositories, $2. Sent to any
address, postpaid, on receipt of price. Put
up only by the
K.S.G. Medical Co.. 1235 Market, Cor. Jones
Hours, 0 to 5 and 6 to 7:30 p. m.; Sunday.
11 to 1 p. m.
Kemp's SunposUories- have been sold und.r a
full guarantee for the past 12 ye*r».The town of Issaquah is undermined
and in one part there was subsidence of
from five to seven feet. Houses tilted
over and for a time it seemed probable
that the entire place would be thrown out
of plumb.
SEATTLE, June 24.— Water broke Into
the coal mines at Issaquah last night and
all the pit mules were drowned. There is
150 feet of water in the new slope and an
511.000 pump, which the company had just
placed in the mine, is a total loss. All
of the miners escaped.
sides From Five to Seven
Feet.
Earth's Crust Beneath Issaquah Sub-
ULINTNG T0W1T SINKING
INTO FLOODED DRIFTS
C. A. Malm, trunk maker of San Fran
cisco and president of the Balaklala Min
ing Company, owns nearly the entire in
terests. William M. Madden. . William
Murray and Barney Conroy claim a mi
nute interest. The company sues to com
pel a partition of the property and to
bring about a sale of the mine to the
bonder, Peter D. Kimberley. Eight law
yers represent various litigants.
While the interests of Madden, Conroy
and Murray are insignificant by compari
son, they are in the richest claims of the
group and no sale can be made without
their concurrence.
Attorney \V. D. Tillotson of Redding is
of counsel for the Balaklala Mining
Company. Against him Conroy and Mur
ray make grave charges in the answer
thej- have hied. Under an agreement the
company was ' to have paid them certain
sums of money. A payment was made
soon after a quitclaim deed to the com
pany from them was filed. They now
swear that Tillotson obtained their sig
natures to the deed upon the representa
tion that it was merely a receipt for the
money paid to them.
Attorney Tillotson says that he can and
will fully justify his course.
REDDING. June 24.— One of the most
important civil cases ever heard in the
Shasta County Superior Court is now on
trial before Judge Sweeny. A minute In
terest in six mining claims is at. stake,
but there is involved the sale of the great
Balaklala copper mine at Kennet, now
under bond for $650,000.
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Claimants to a Minute Inter
est Accuse Attorney
of Fraud.
Sale of Great Copper
Producer _ Checked
Temporarily.
SUIT INVOLVES
BALAKLALA MINE
BEAUTIFUL MISS WHO WILL
BE GODDESS OF LIBERTY IN
NAPA ON THE FOURTH.
JOPLIN, Mo., June 24.— William Brown,
a miner of Minden, Mo., fearful of being
lynched for the murder of a fellow-work
er. Jumped into the Elk River near Lan
agan, forty miles from here, to-day and
¦was drowned. Brown had been arrested
for the murder of Joseph Stager, whose
dead body was found under a bridge.
While officers were taking Brown to jail
a crowd of men gathered. After a des
perate struggle Brown broke away, an-.l
before the officers could interfere, drown
ed himself. No cause is known for the
murder of Stager, who was 38 years of
age.
Fears Lynching and Is Drowned.
NAPA, June 24.— Napa Aerie No.
161, Fraternal Order of Eagles, is
making extensive -preparations
for a celebration on the Fourth
of July. Aeries from all parts of
the" State will be in attendance. A prize
of $100 has been offered the aerie making
the best appearance in the procession.
Miss Nellie Garwood has been selected
as Goddess of Liberty. Miss Garwood is
a beautiful young lady and was born and
reared in the city that has thus honored
her. ' V '
Assemblyman E. L. Webber will act as
president of the day; A. ' Gratz, grand
marshal; -TMea..^. Bejl,,pratpr, and. Judge .
J. M. Palmer Jr. will read the Declaration
of PndependenceL Mayor Fuller will de
liver an address of welcome.
San Francisco Aerie No. 6 has char
tered the steamer ZInfandel for the trip
to 7\apa- Golden Gate Aerie No. 61 has
engaged the steamer St. Helena. Other
steamers chartered by the aeries are the
Dawson City, the Diamond and the Napa
City.
A street exhibition and procession will
be given in San Francisco the night of
July 3 by the San Francisco aeries. Mar
ket street will be lighted especially for the
occasion. > -'* : ; •
San Francisco Aerie No. 5 of the Fra
ternal Order of Eagles will go to Napa
in uniform, consisting of tennis flannel
coat and pantaloons, neglige shirt, white
shoes, blue belt, red necktie and Panama
hat, and in order to be In good marching
trim the members will have practice drills
on the 27th inst. and on July 2 in B'nai
B'rith Hall.
The members will leave in the following
order of procession on the evening of
July 3: . •
Band, E&sie drum corps: Eagle initiation
team of nine members, carrying the aerie's
new silk banner and new silk flag; uniformed
members of the aerie and -the members not
uniformed from B'nal B'rith Hall to Market
street ¦wharf, where a steamer will convey the
excursionists to destination.
• Friends of members and their families
will accompany the excursionists and the
committee in charge states that no one
will be permitted on the boat who is not
vouched for by a member of the aerie.
The committee Is composed of A. C.
Berthier (chairman), Fred Williams,
James S. Cannon. Charles Thall, Walter
Larsen. A. Rosencrantz.
WASHINGTON. June 24. — The conferees on
the Isthmian canal bill met at 11 a. m. to-day.
The conference, which lasted an hour and a
half, was devoted to the discussion of the legal
aspect of the Panama route, but no settlement
of that point was reached. Another session
will be held to-morrow.
Big Harness Sale.
$9 00 will buy a good buggy harness. 19
per cent off Wednesday and Saturday.
Leibold Harness Co., 211 Larkln street,
opposite City Hall. •.
Mansfield testified that there was a
distinct trail of blood from the kitchen
through the dining-room into the bed
roorti and out through the bedroom win
dow. From the outside of the window
a- plain trail led through the woods and
down to the creek. Here is a large
washout and water fall fifteen feet deep.
In the bottom of this, covered with two
feet of earth, was found the body.
Just what the defense of Briggan will
be is not known, but from questions ask
ed by his counsel to-day It is probable
that it will be a plea of insanity.
This was on the day following the
crime. Sheriff Mansfield asked Briggan
if he was at home all of the previous
day, and Briggan replied that he was.
They then went into the house. The floor
was damp, as though it had been scrub
bed again. There were blood stains all
about, and Briggan explained that he had
been troubled with nosebleed.
"Yesterday morning about 8 o'clock,"
said Briggan. "He took his things and
went off up- the road."
"Good morning, Joe; I understand you
have had trouble up here. They say you
have had a quarrel with your hired man
and that he attacked you and you killed
him."
"No, we had no trouble," replied the
rancher. "I paid him and fired him."
•'When did you see him last?" said
Mansfield.
When the Sheriff reached the ranch he
found Briggan in the cowyard and hail
ed him, saying:
of ,Mattle's body, burled in a deep hole
In the bed of the creek.
. SAN PEDRO, June 24.— In a quarrel
over a trivial matter here last night,
Hans Hendrlcksen was struck on the head
with a club by J. Huddleston. His skull
was fractured. Hendricksen was taken to
the Cdunty Hospital and Huddleston was
arrested after a lively chase by the of
ficers.
Blow Fractures the Skull.
Chief of Police Wittman yesterday re
ceived la telegram from J.C Morroe, City
Marshal of Sedro Wooley, Wash., stating
that a. man had given himself up and con
fessed that he was Bennett, the murderer
of Nora Fuller. Not much importance
was attached to the. message by the po
lice, but a full description of Charles B.
Hadley was telegraphed to the northern
officer, . ¦
What object the Sedro Wooley prisoner
has in palming himself off as the murder
er of Nora Fuller can only be conjectured.
He is believed to be either insane, a seek
er of notoriety or a man looking for a
free trip to California. There is said to
be but slight resemblance between the
prisoner and the published description of
Charles B. Hadley. Incidentally, the fel
lcw has not mentioned the name of Had
ley, who is supposed to be the real John
Bennett. . , . .
Bennett will not mention any names of
San Francisco persons whom he alleges
had a hand in the young girl's death. He
says when the proper time arrives he
will tell a story that will be the sensa
tion of two continents.
"Where I made a fool of myself was In
permitting myself to be rushed out of San
Francisco and thus fasten the onus of the
blame upon me. Certainly I was to blame
for mixing up in the dreadful mess at the
first, but there tfre others higher up In the
social and professional scale than I could
ever hope to be who will now have to suf
fer for the grewsome sin of the dreadful
affair."
Bennett talked freely to-day on the gen
eral text of the Nora Fuller tragedy, but
guardedly as to some of the details. He
declared' that the young girl was not
strangled and hinted that her death wos
caused by a criminal operation. The
guilty man, said the prisoner, was a prom
inent San Francisco physician, who was
engaged 'by persons high in . the social
scale of the Calitornia metropolis. The
pretended Bennett declares he was but
the ¦ scapegoat for these men. of high
standing, and he intimates that they have
kept him plentifully supplied with money.
' "When I arrived here," he said, "I made
up my mind that I must either relieve
myself by making a clean breast of things
or go crazy. I want to shift the responsi
bility f gr the murder from my shoulders
to where it belongs. The newspapers have
been on the wrong track since the start.
There was no strangulation, no poisoning.
That is all I will say just now about th3
cause of Nora Fuller's death. Yes, John
Bennett is my proper name, although I
have been j traveling under the name of
John Flex. I am a printer by trade. I
was formerly connected with a newspaper
in San Francisco.
SEATTLE, June 24.— According to ad
vices received from Sedro Wooley to
night, the authorities of that little place
are growing less confident that they have
John Bennett, or Charles B. Hadley, the
alleged murderer of Nora Fuller, in cus
tody. The putative Bennett, who surren
dered to the town marshal . yesterday,
declaring- that' he" was weary of evading
the law's minions, has been telling so
many conflicting stories that the possibil
ity that' He is tne man he pretends to bs
is very remote. His. statements do. not
at all /accord with the details of the San
Francisco crime as they are known to the
police; in fact, in some respects there
is such a wide variance as to make it
seem that fhe Sedro Wooley prisoner had
not even read the newspapers carefully
before telling his story to Town Marshal
Morroe. . •»¦ . ¦
gseclal Dispatch to The Call.
BOGUS BENNETT'S
TALES CONFLICT
Kerrick never informed the State of
California of the defect in the wall of the
prison, and when he told an acquaintance
about it not long ago he said he was quite
sure that It had not been discovered and
that any one incarcerated In that particu
lar cell could easily escape.
That evening something happened which
saved him the trouble of breaking out of
the prison. A pardon for him arrived. An
uncle had" died a few days before and on
his deathbed had confessed that • he had
committed the murder for which Kerrick
was sentenced.
In the construction of a corner cell he
managed to place a large three-cornered
stone in such a manner that by loosening
the mortar it could be shoved out, leaving
a hole large enough for a man to crawl
through. When the work on the prison
was so far advanced that the convict*
could be locked in the newly completed
cells, Kerrick got permission to occupy
that particular cell.
Kerrick was once a life prisoner in San
Quentin, Cal., and it is an incident of his
confinement there that has just been given
publicity. He had been convicted of a
murder and narrowly escaped lynching.
That was before the establishment of the
prison at Folsom. Kerrick was taught the
trade of a stone mason and became quite
expert. When the building of Folsom
prison was begun Kerrick was sent to as
sist in the masonry and was made a fore
man. This gave him an opportunity to
plan for his escape.
, PHOENIX, Ariz., June 24.— A revelation
was made here to.-day which may prove
to be of Interest to the authorities of Fol
som prison. Three years ago James Ker
rick, who had been implicated in several
cattle stealing cases in the neighborhood
of Gila Bend, was convicted and sent to
Tuma. Before the end of the year he was
released on parole, the principal condition
being that he should leave the Territory
and stay out of it. *
Helped Build Folsom Prison.
.Remarkable .Story by~- Convict Who
WEAK SPOT IN THE WALI*.
It is said the board did not mince mat
ters with Warden Wilkinson, but told him
plainly that the prison would have to-be
run upon a different plan. It is said
the directors gave Wilkinson to under
stand he would be given one more chance.
The directors do not want to cause the
removal of the "Warden at this time, as
he only has a little more than a year to
serve in that position. " . , ¦
There were a number of other com-,
plaints which had been brought to the
attention of the Board of Prison Direc
tors. Several members of the board were
at the prison last week, before the meet
-ing of Saturday. They went to investi
gate affairs in their own way, and it is
understood they gathered considerable
material.
It was also claimed the Warden was
in the habit of stopping the, mail carrier
between the prison and Folsom and look
ing over the contents of the pouch before
it was delivered to Postmaster Smith.
The latter, who is clerk of the board,
threw up his job as Postmaster.
During the past winter and spring sto
ries of cruelty on the part of the Warden
have floated out of the prison. Among
other things, it' has been alleged that the
Warden has been unnecessarily severe in
the manner of punishing prisoners for
breaking the rules of the institution. It
was also said that he did riot give them
enough food and that they did not have
sufficient ¦ clothing to keep them warm
during the winter months. In one in
stance, it has been claimed, a prisoner
had died in his cell, where he had been
thrown with a straitjacket laced tightly
about his body.
The only morsel the scribes got was
the resolution declaring that convicts
should no longer. be permitted to tamper
or juggle with claims against the State.
But some Of the facts about the executive
session have come to light, and they were
published in the Bee this evening. That
paper says its information is most relia
ble.
SACRAMENTO, June 24.— Warden Wil
kinson of the State Prison at Folsom has
been "roasted to a turn" by the State
Board of Prison Directors on the ground
of general incompetency in the manage
ment of the great penal institution en
trusted to his care. J^ast Saturday night
the board passed several hours in a se
cret meeting, and when" it finally ad
journed at midnight the directors sealed
their lips and declined to tell the news
paper reporters In waiting what had been
done. . .
Special DisDatch to The Call.
Board Decides to, Give Him One Mors
Chance Because He Is Near
ing the End of His
Term.
Tell ,Him Plainly That He
Must Promptly Alter
His Methods.
State Prison Directors
Strongly Rebuke
Wilkinson.
CENSURING
THE WARDEN
OF FOLSOM
REDWOOD CITY, June 24.— The pre
liminary examination of. Dairyman Jo
seph Briggan, charged with the murder
of Joseph Mattle, his hired man,
was held before Justice of the Peace
James Hannon to-day. I Briggan was
held to answer before the Superior Court
and committed to the custody of the
Sheriff without bail. The testimony
showed: that the crime with which the
defendant stands charged was one of the
most brutal ever committed in San Ma
teo County. The prosecution examined
but four witnesses, merely enough testi
mony being introduced to warrant the
holding of the defendant, but such evi
dence as' .was ¦ offered was damaging to
Briggan.
. The hatchet with which the murder
was probably committed was brought into
court by Sheriff Mansfield and introduced
in evidence.
Dr. J. L. Ross, the 1 autopsy physician,
described the various wounds upon
the body of Mattle, some of which were
made with the blunt end of an instru
ment and others with a sharp edge. The
skull, according to his testimony, had
been crushed in above the temple, the
wound being in the shape of a crescent.
This was probably made with the ham
mer end of a hatchet. Besides this there
were three other wounds on the- head,
probably made with the sharp edge of a
hatchet. Each of these cut through -the
skull and penetrated the brain. On the
upper part of the body there were throe
hatchet* wounds. Any one of the seven
wounds was sufficient to have produced
death.
. Steven Korad, who was employed by
Briggan, testified that Briggan, Mattle
and himself- had breakfast together in
the kitchen of the Briggan house. There
appeared to be no enmity between Mattle
and Briggan at the time. Briggan fin
ished his breakfast first, got up from the
table and stationed himself behind the
chair of Mattle. Korad arose next and
left the kitchen. Mattle was still eating
and Briggan standing behind him. Korad
closed the kitchen door when he went
out and he' had taken about three steps
when he heard two groans coming from
one of the men in the kitchen. He then
went on to the milkhouse and attended
to some chores. Soon afterward, as Ko
rad was passing the kitchen, Briggan
came out with a hatchet covered with
blood in his hand. He took the hatchet
to the toolhouse opposite and then re
turned to the kitchen. Korad was not
more 'than ten or fifteen feet away from
him at the time. The hatchet in evi
dence was shown to the witness, who
identified it as the one he saw in Brig
gan's hand. . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ .-/
Korad said that* he then became fright
ened, and, believing that possibly Brig
gan would kill him too, made for a mili
a quarter of a mile away. Henry Mc-
Arthur returned with him after some time
had elapsed, Korad desiring to get his
pay and his trunk. They found Briggan
at the house.
McArthur asked where Mattle was,
and was told that he had been "paid off
and fired," and when last seen was go
ing up the road. At this time the floor
of the kitchen was wet in places, hav
ing just been scrubbed. .
.Korad- asked Briggan for his wages,
but Briggan wanted him . to stay a few
days longer. • This Korad refused ! to ! do.
Sheriff Mansfield testified to the finding
* Special Dispatch to The Call.
COILS TIGHTEN
ABOUT BRIGGAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902.
Napa to Entertain the
Aeries From Many
Cities.
JOLLY EAGLES
WILL SCREECH
ON THE FOURTH
5
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OB" - TH»
WEST. — 24 Post st., San Francisco. Cal.
Established nearly 40 years. Open entlr* ye«*.
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
THE LYCEUM,
A* ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOCT.
for tho university, law and medical colleges ;
references Pres't. Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan Blsr. L. H. Grau,Ph.D..Prlncij>»l.
Su rwr \T>n Expert Accountant.
• 11* 1 r\ iv IV guarantees a bettar
knowledge of bookkeeping in 8 weeka than aar
college can give in 8 months. Mail coutm |&
knowledge guaranteed: country customers so*
llclted. My pupils In the most responsible poai«
tlons. 219 Parrott building. San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA COILEGE of OSTEOPATHY
821 Sutter st. — Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life- known to ambitious young men
and women. Write for announcement aad]
any particulars.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
AND VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1849 Jackson »t.. cor. Gough. S. F. Boarding
and day school for girls. Accredited by th»
leading colleges and universities. Reopens Aug.
11. 1002. SARAH D. HAMlilN. Principal.
College of Notre Dame*
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA, confers degrees,
grants diplomas, college preparatory; accredited
by State University; intermediate and primary
classes for young children. Studies resumed
August 5. 1802.
. IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAT SCHOOI* FOR
young ladles and little girls, 2126 California
St.. will reopen August 4. 1901. Accredited to
the Universities. REV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Irrington. California. A high grade military
school for a limited number of boys of good
character. Next term begins on August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAS TERM WILt, BEGIN AUGUST IS.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
• "A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduate*.
Illustrated catalogue. 305 Larkln st.
R. L. DURHAM. President.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S s JS«c o a r d t b h^ d
302 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
SHORTHAND TAUGHT BY MAIL AND
personally; "best teacher, best system."
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2283 Central A?*,
Opens Monday, Aug. 4. For Information* or cat*.
loxue address the srlncirals. LYON ft ROGEA-
Keep Your Insides Gool
Here's a man who thinks he has heart dis-
l! ease, and is scared half to death. His face
dLMft Ji ' s a^ drawn out of shape from fear and
/""• f»«» "~ >^£^— I a ? on y* Every time he eats, his heart "pal-
\\F~3Jgfff viCliisXSfa pitates" — that simply means that his stom-
\r^<ill /7_Sr|i§w acn i s swelled up with gases from fer-
'^L fSa mentin S undigested food, and his heart
\^^^^>* " M& tnum P s against his diaphragm. Nothing
/Vi^^^T e matter w ' 1^ h' s heart In the summer
\ i4j^feSiy time, this gas distention is much worse, his
A\W / \^^r whole body and blood get over-heated, and
_ irfisfmnl^rfelm s cart anc * un S s g et so crowded for
-^¦¦S^^^^^ OTW room, that he gasps for breath. There he
V^ &^~**i$$M is, look at him ! Every minute he ex-
W^XT^^s^B« pects to drop dead. As a matter of
,J «Jr^J*<i X^lr fact, all he needs is to stop that souring
,; t w Aw j&l qnc * £ a ? * orm ' n g in, his stomach and
i>*^^~ ~~' 0m »$£ bowels, help his digestion along, and
iv whenever something rots or decays,
heat develops. Same in the body.
/fl^fpr Keep cool inside ! Take a candy ca-
*¥ thartic CASCARET every night at
bed-time. It will work while you sleep, clean up and cool your
insides, give you a regular, comfortable movement in the morning,
and you'll be feeling fine all day every day. Heart Disease ! Fudge !
/7?Vv/»/"*n rt%rx Be8t for the B ° w e ls - A11 druggists. *oc, 35c, 50c. .Never sold in bulk.
l\3Jt\^J^AjiJiU*Jea The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
%^^J?^-?.T^y'g^g baclc. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. * E57
¦. . ¦ . * . . • ¦ .
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
Thursday--- Black and Colored Dress Goods Remnants at One-Quarter .Off.
Closing Day of ttio m S7** W^M0 - \.^'i k S^f e £ P,? s^
DSt%§%^mm c«F« J*£ r , * • Wednesday Night.
KinnOn Oaiei - y£% V? Mf>£4/ '/¦*/**-/ ' M 'M '£ fiff' 5 1 - 00 BIack Swbs Taffetas- 27 inches wide,
Never such a rush in months as we had Mon- */Sj&&*s 7lJLdL£&fj£ ¦ » good wearing quality for linings and undsr-
day and Tuesday at the half-price Ribbon Sale. * * **£ii*rZi ***£*' ** T m_-_» |kirBj fut y . until dojing dm . t(MJ i g }, tt
Some widths are practically closed out; other CALIFORNIA'S """^ i^i|i|>||IIIH |llltrr^ ' per yard G8o
widths, color assortment is bad'y broken; but » v - -_BgB»glf_^g^ a '**^V_, ,>&¦«; r-p^nrcTcmpr. ' 75c and 85c Gros de Londre and Plain
there are still sufficient ribbons in good colors - m j - Colored N ivelty Silk — In a good assort-
and desirable widths for another day's selling. ; : _IT___"~_ n uAAM > £_.J__-_ oIZTZZ meat of colorings for summer jhirt waists and
They are the choicest, all-silk, satin and gros- iWSHiSUtnMIQr Ut*GSS LBMilff gocd wearing Kning, until closing tme to-
grain ribbon.. Y^ Yard Att UitUSUal EVCitt TO'Dajf. night, p:r yard . .-. . S4O
#in.,5cqua].,-_?#o ¦# in.,7cqual., 3}io Every item quoted here an unusual value. To-day's spec'als will be hard^ to $25 3itti $30.00
i "ioc "So i%" uy£c" 6%G duplicate. '. If you are in n;ed of any sort of waist or dress Pnings or skirt- »»___«___^_»,_» ffitfT OS
i^"i 5 c" 7}io * "*>c '<*» C ings attend the sale to-day. • - DrCSSeS $17.35.
*%'<< 24 ° « J«./S 3 ./"« 28C "Jfx/Z BIack E '<>C«Ie Figured Ski t Lining, in two designs, width 32 inches, worth 15c yard, icao Tha Gibson Tailor Dress
l#« 33c *6}i0 4K"4«.««2|i» . yardsonly . on Wednesday at . . . Wo '£< hkz P lctur V 4gS^
Also isooyardsof aH-sak,,atm-% C d pearl- £ rf £ R £_ wide , black ground,, in new blue and cerise stripe . *>« *««*
edged Trmm.ng_ Ribbon, in black only; 10- .&«,. «gul»lr _oc yard? W^nesday onlv, 400 yard$ at . . 11o f are th , - ssason . v*T
yard 50c p.eces for. ... . . . . . 2SO Heavy Quality Black Moire Skirt Lining— 36 ' «che S wide, the new colored striped effects; finest t «T-«, quahaes
J «£^»^»jp»o«^---« -*.m**M 5°° yards on special sac Wednesday only at.. 140 . , , % . J , r\ ,R
DBCtiOnary anti BIacX and Col!)r J d Dress l Mnp _ i6 inches Blac't and Colored Sift Ser g e-2 7 inches «ch, but a!l sizes and , >w £Kfi ¦
: StSnti fOr $6.75. wide, look, likerealTafF^ Silk, wears " wide, best kind of lining for ladies' tailor- J^' ™ ** «L i]l\^3Bl
; UntHJufy fstOllIy. themf? r two/ay, C on,y jP«^
On.y cne week in Black and Colored Me C-riztd Satien- 36 inches wiae, the new sort finish sldrtiag, in ~ Wednesday and / 1,
VIUBSM^I^S which to tokeadvan- inches wide, permanent finish, can be washed aU of the late coloring! and pretty Moire fin- Thursday— that should w\V («j
; \ai^^^^--^k tage of this extraordin- and irenrd without injury; yard. . . .4!}O - ish; yard 4O C dear thel " out— were .Of^\ /)
TXygg' '"-—^j* ary offering. . L^ : __1 -*-w j,^ an< j <^ 0 . Fri _ 1 ., -v-,t ,y
; Webster's Un- Copyright Books 20c. Nottingham diy '" Ipcchl * s pricc ' >|||
:¦ m\L ?icnir?-^P«ent^hum'b Lav byo'ur supply of summer reading Cl#f#a/iIS/ $17.95 l S ?%<^ .
, §ii Wl indexes, • lull sheep binding, NOW. You will never get the i| yCffiWffesifaV Sale $1-25 Grass Petticoat? / \ >r/
XJlMfUJi illustrated with colored plates, best stories by famous authors, bound "wmhwhbj wcx*«^» 79c — A , / \ /y^
' ' T w . V ¦ j- r r i • t , - , . r« 1 wo lots of new, strong handsomely patterned, V e I I \u
> f\ with an appendtx of useful i n cloth at a lr»s rrir^ Thpr<» xt l.- l A • r .. . three- ruf- JL^H A
si\ f,u . —j ! « n . cioin, ai a jc.S pnee. f mere Nottingham Curtains at fully a quarter less fl . , .V 6 "^/
tables and new pronouncing fe some f h odd titles than their r,al value, for Wednesday only. ' T /
Vv^ gatetteer of the world, ¦ ' , . , . .. •* , i „* . o r • • t, , ,. flounced. <**^>^ vy ittsm&TeP -^-
> / / \m containing the name! that we have in this lot of 10,000 Lot 1-Cbnrw of ioo pa.rs In Brussels all- c o r d c V^^JCSf W >
. //¦ \\\ of over 2 S ,ooo places, volumes that you may wish to put on " ""' « rass cloth
! < jT m and a new pronouncing your library shelves. When" first day a , pair ' ' ne *" $1 m &8 Petticoat; a v *—^
, • biographical. upplemer.t issucd tl, ese books were $ 1.2 5 and Lot 2 1 Coniist, of ' S o pa^ri in pretty Cluny, J 3^" 1 " 1 / bi S b«rp»; r-jdariy
containing the names of , . J . n,.,«.i. .„-! mj a- . j-*r / balance of th:» week nntfl Saturday —
' nearly 10,0=0 noted pe.son. of . ancient and $1.5°; °ur sa! C price now and Brussels and Madras effects; 4 d.fferent de- . fc J 7«J C
f modern tmes, together with while quantity lasts, each OJ1*» ««n,; w.dths from S 4 to 60 inches; real value L^_
[ Tlii Harvard D ctionary St.nd-The best .._........ J n 3 / 5 ° P r " W?dncsd^ S2.SS Furniture SXITiplCS.
i portable stand made; both, until closing time Among the authors represented in this collection _I_1_1_I_I_I_I Cioslnti Out SslO
r pOC DreSS FabriCS I ChHd'S Garden Set A largHotofthe very fine kind, in revere op^n widi hatb^S umbrS
OM *$Salta Z»+ " for 25C. work, with enough solidity of texture to in- liff^Klllll ' holder atuched; also
» . *' ,^r ni r,,y - ; This nice little set of /) / sure good wear. Assorted styles and a most /Sj /^W» I i bevsled French pate
I A ume.y sale th :s of Dress Goods for outmg 3 picvs 5 , ma4e o f desirable 25c value, marked for /W mirror; — I
r wear-Erg .sh Moha,r, Alpaca and all- £J raaterials --^( Wednesday only', yard f*>C H / Pf «!e price $7.10
I woo Canvas Su.tngs-two very useful ma- ' varnIshed ha ' ndl ' r — ¥^4^ $K Lady's Deik
I S^K^pS rtt h ri d^'> M() Embroidery Sate. g|| .
\ ¦ scrtmentof fast coloring,; 'offered for the first 5"! fo' r chi-dren" WILa A CWmg day or" this great special offering; about jlBM mches wide ha, French
? time at less than s^c yard; O T h t W^4 - ' 6000 yards left of wefl finished and best f^^ i ! ! C f' 4 " J"^,"""?
i Wednesday and Thursday only.. 37 C O«« V^A J[' Cambrk cmbroideri «» ""ging in . \^JM and well made;, rale
\ sets. . . ._?gQ •» W ' dth fr ° m t0 2^ inch " and _^_m J S3IL Pr:C "* * <J#7 _>!%
!" Whites SUi—t Cafa rtiS/ I worth double the sale price, per yard c_^i^^^&B^ * * * -9Om^9
' !_v , *? _t . Brownie \ %l nf'tlllziSs $«2.so Solid Oik
Wednesday Only. n~,Z*Z~i*Z 1 \.4^ I _-»_•#»«-_-_•;_-_* # r^-r««^ v\ lr«^^ of/ Chiffonier— 33 inches
? Lidies' Musl'm Skirts with tucked .flounce of j$ %XrU%*tSM~MGSSp EmitgUUrS. WVlgT-^l-^V w ; d e, with five conven-
•* 12 -inch em- 8UC. >Tt| vf li[ iJlil Wi_tH/f!f©Sl/«iy iSalC i """" Jj, 1 ""* j ient drawers and French
[';' zC""/Av\ broidery, under Every boy and girl >i —- *• j^j "tLr.^kJ Bacon— Best Eastern, a streak of lean and fat; ' ' "____2S I T'" 6 mirror » I"**
P • MrrfJE\ r "2 e dU " v T aQtS ° nC ' "^ C ¦^^fy'jMS* Wedn«day, lb /6^ o j i p» inches^ CQ *^ n
;» t ,\m4e^^\:- • -. e '. a sp Na - » -Brownie r=_7?' *'' ¦ . Best Maine Lorn— Selling out to make room /i^SE 1^®,^ ¦ »!e pnce^Cf.^f/
* fJ&Hlr \'\ X \$i > ¦ article, thor- makes a picture 2 >£ inches square; our price for our next season's stock, regularly 2 for _a_^ia____iBj $4-00 Medicine
I iflA_'VJ3_£_Qfc. ou 8 hlv w eU ......:....'.... . 3OC 25c; Wednesday, dozen, Q8CS single tins Chest— Of which no
£" -I^^^^^^P^^ made ' rc 8 u!arI y Findrrs for same, each.- 25O . . . 8C ba'Jiroom ougbx^te be in want
I- Mw^^^^f^^^a* ?2 - S °' 8?ecial Kims for same, a spool . , /5C Kona Coffee— Hawaiian blend, Wednesday lb. of; sale price .,. i%
-^^^^^^^P* tc - da y' : 19c ?I400 Solid ? ak Bureau— Golden finished,
» V^^^^^P^ ' <6f «|| $1.25 BOX Stationery Eggs- Best ranch, Wednesday, dozin . _?00 «" "^g inch-, is well GQO -
? a ->«)S»(eW» . vJii.iJU ¦. ¦ nmm m - cc-JI Castile Soap- Imported/ the best, large bars; made and finished; sale pnes
!° Ladies' fine Cambric - Skirt (see cut), with TO-tlay UHly, &OC, Wednesday. . . . :_?_>O $».00 Library Case— Solid oak with adjust-
C double rufflss, each ruffls trimmed with, in- ,50 cabinets of Berlin Band Paper, each box Mince Meat— Atmore's; 5-:b. paiis, best made; » hel ™» f ze ** incheshigh. 3* inches
£ serton and edgt of Duchesse lace, under -ruf- containing four quires of paper and four packs Wednesday, pail G3O wide and 14 inchrs deep; sa.e O#l
,• fle and dust ruffle; an article of elegance, suit- of env.lopes of the h : ghist grade band, in Van Camp's Soup J— Or Anderson's, assorted; P nce • ' VW»i»C/
» " • able for w-dding or ball,, regu- fi A**-/« blue and white, a box that sells regularly Wednesday, 3 tins . . . ." 25C Hundr = d ? of bir &i™ l» k e these you will find
£ . larly,$4.oo; special to-day ..j&X.OU everywhere at 1 1. 25; Wednesday only 55 3 Uncolcrsd English Breakfast or O along Teas — by giving us a caii. ¦
( , . . — ~ _ _ • . Owing v to the limited quantity ,we will sell but Ex ra quality, lb .1. . 4 Jo n _vZ~ # C "™"
t Sale Of DOHlGS one catinetfto'aenstumer and cannot fill any Cutter's A1 Whisky— The old original brand; **arpe? OiVGGperS
i AflrfTraV 'ClothSm .mailorders..;-' ¦ ; : i Wednesday, bottle . . . . . . . . TOO \ $2.5O BISSOllS,
y aMi 1 Kay *0lO*n3>.. '._»>;,_.— _. - _ > ¦¦--..- MarquetteRytT-Thccieam of all rye- whiskies \\ Cf O7
J. - About oooo J^nch _Ke tr mmed . and spachtel , TV»//0# ' /[ ftlClBS 31 25 W 9'mU/.
\r J Doilics in .very F atterns, some round f^ -__i^l_-f!l__L Blackberry Brandy- Wedne'sdly.'botde £?Oo \\ The genume BisseHs; e«y
f . an d some, square regularly IOC each; flf UUt . fMCeS. Hock-A choice J dinner ¦ ¦wiaeV Wednesday \\ sweeping and dustless up-
£• Wednesday only, 3 /Of» IOO. . Dr. Grabs' Tooth Powder, 25c r«.. :. #5C ealon- , ' zt 5 « « j^ ™ , j"' .f
{ About 1000 stamped hemstitched Tray Cloths, Dr. Schemeld*. Dentrifice, • 25c sire . . f5o Meadville Rye-Nice "an'd mellow; We'dnTsday, \\ to-dat= m Style and finish;
If .18x26 inches,, made of very fine cambric California Lemon Cream, 25c size . . ¦ 2Oc bottle. ... ..... . . . StmOO V\ never sold regularly JCSS than
f lawn, many pntty designs, regu- m^ Dr. Lambert's Skin Soap, 25c s : r V 3 40o Champion Whisky— A g^od' reliable brand; U ~ $2. 50; at the big
{ -¦¦¦¦ Ur!y 25c each, Wednesday only . f _gC Emporium True Violet Wat.-r, S oc sixe 35o full quarts, Wednesday . 7So f- store on Wednes-
k" ',. ,••-.• \ % it?' Portsmouth Cold. Cream, 25c sUj ... f5o Holland Gin— Quality all right; p;rbott'e 6S0 A V A* v nn l v
k ° FirCllflht ClgarS, all tllC L'EcWtante, imported face powder, equal to any 2^ 1 Lji ° W f t Y Y
\ _" of the 50c kinds, our price .... 25O Many pieces ot popular Sheet Music on sale at : T*^>i tffr _f C) *7
I. W2ek 10 lOr 25C. / Mennea-. Talcum Powder, 25c .:< S .. fSo 12 C this week. " ,'
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
[Good enough j
| t^ul Havana Filler |
| " FLORODORA " BANDS ere |
Q cf fame value as tags from H
}f "STAR." "HORSESHOE." |
I - SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NAVr." 1
| " OLD PEACH & HONEY," §
| "SAW LOG." "OLE VARCINY" B
f| or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco. 1
filERCES
'y FAVORITE.
FOR WEAKWOMEM.
fry EilillS
Wjj&JB& injection. I
lAPERMAHENT CURE I
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoe* t*
»nd Gleet, paaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
< <i*T8 : nc other treatment required. S
S Sold by all droggiets. ?
<mmim§ rupture ]
T^^MHtfjrtSi^S^IILKCTUIC TKISS J§
X \P&rA2<jr— "AothiEglikeit. Comfort &£|
""^^ £wf?\* security! A Perfect Retainer. B&
| /JsK \ 11 does t° e work! S7* Call or fcfs
%~ r/hj \ "rite today for "booklet ko.L,**JbJ
y \j£ff Address: Maonetlc E.Trsss Co, Bffl
206 Post Street, Ban Francisco, Cal. ¥%&
ir 33 W. 24th St., tfew York, iteuioa this Paper £££
p% DR. TOM SHE BIN,
XL —. vL Chinese Tea and Herb Sanitarium,
\1 Mi CaI1 and Read Testimonials .
Li» v MA at Office,
V 5"ViV8i C15 KEARNY STREET,.
ifSS^f^. Bet. Sacramento and Commercial.
(SSbIB San Francisco. Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
t/EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
iV modeled and renovated.' KING, WARIJ it
:o. European plan. Rooms. £Oc to $1 bo any:
f> to tS week; $S to $20 month. Free baths;
wt &od cold water every room; fire t rates la
W| room; elevator runs all night.
Solid Oak Rocker, with
genuine leather seat, $2.
Entire houses, flats and ho-,
tels, furnished. Credit and
free delivery within ioo
miles
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
—WEDNESDAY JUNE 35> W 2
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. V
/ (ixta AH CecjEttkiUoEs to W. S. LEAKS, Xiuager.
. TELEPHONE^
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Tn. irh.
f'IDLICATIOS OFFICE... MarU«* «nrt Tlttr*. S. V. ¦
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered hr Carrier*. 15 Cent* P«r Week.
Stnerle Copies. G Cent*.
TrroiK br Mall. Inclndin* Po«tace«
CAILT CALL lincludlng Sunflay). one year J8.OT
DArLT CALX, (including Sunday). 6 xnonUi» ».00
DAILY CALX, cnclndtnar Sunday). S months l.BO .
X5AILT CALL— By Single Month «*j
fUNDAT CALL. One Tear *•£>
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 1 -°°
All postma«ter« «re r.nthortzed to receive
nnimcrlptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when reqwested-
Mati *vb*crltT» in ordering eha: r* of address rtiould b«
l*rttcBlar to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1113 Broadway
C. OEOKCE KROCXESS.
ricagtr Foreign AdTertising, Harjnette BaiHins, CMesji
tLocs Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: .
C C. CARLrTOX Herald San*"
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SSXITH i»O Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetorta Hotel; A. Breataao, 31 Union Square;
fccrray Kill Betel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fh<rman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hcum: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE X4Oa C St.. Iff. W.
MOIITO.V E. CRANE. Correspondent.
nit A\CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. G31
McAllister, cpen u-tll 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln.'open ur.tll
0:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-6«cond and Kentucky, t;:a
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
SCENES AT EL CAMPO, WHERE
SALVATIONISTS ENTERTAINED
600 MOTHERS AND SABIES.
the comfort of their guests were: Major
John W. Cousina, Major A. Harris, Staff
Captain J. T. Fynn of the headquarters
staff. Captain Banberry, Ensign Barbe.
Adjutant Sarah Manhardt, Adjutant Min
nie Bryant. . Captain Quarrels, Captain
Daum, Ensign William. Simpson. Mrs. H.
C. Botsford, Adjutant Wolff, Captain J.
Gibson. There were many visitors who
gave a helping hand, among them being:
Mrs. E. C. Mills, Miss Ida Phillips. Miss
Claudia Gibson and Mrs. Maggie McCon
nell.
Democrats may continue to denounce the Dingley
tariff as a breeder of trusts, but the people will take
notice that it has not bred panics, paralysis and hard
timci like the Wilson tariff
General Kitchener has left South Africa for Eng
land. As he left he was showered with new honors.
If he had won as many victories in war as he has
triumphs as a man of peace Napoleon wouldn't have
been a third-rater even in man's treacherous memory.
Local authorities are seriously disturbing their
brains in discussing what they conceive to be neces
sary amendments to the charter. It would be in the
nature of a charitable act to suggest to the gentle
men to desist and allow the courts to continue in
their work of annihilating our singular instrument of
municipal government.
Officers of the Federal Government stationed in
this city have reached the conclusion that i£ will be
necessary to have two detention sheds instead of one
to house coolies for safe keeping at the Mail dock.
If this would mean twice as many escapes as have
been made from one shed it would be wise to revise
and reconsider the official opinion. \
Such a warning -against extravagance is so excel
lent it is. a pi^y its effect was spoiled almost imme
diately by the publication of treasury statistics. The
gold holdings now aggregate $554,000,000, and at
tention is called by Treasurer Roberts to the fact
that the outstanding gold certificates now exceed in
volume the amount of United States notes or green
backs. Of the goM stock $150,000,000 is reserved as
a protection for .United States notes, $347,000,000 is
Continuing his warning Mr. Cannon is reported to
have said: "If we authorize the Panama canal there
would have to be taken $4O,ooo,oo<| out of the present
surplus at once. If we. provide for a Pacific cable there
would be other large expenditures. Without regard
to those, and looking only at the present action of
Congress as it stands to-day, it will take every cent
of the money we receive during the coming fiscal
year to pay the expenses in sight for which we have
already made appropriations.'.'
In the course. of his speech Mr. Cannon pointed
out that appropriation bills passed or pending at this
session amount to $590,000,000, and the regular an
nual appropriations amount to upward of $70,000,000.
There are. other miscellaneous appropriations sure to
be made, which will swell the sum by $10,000,000 ad
ditional, so that the -total appropriations' provided
for will be not less than $670,000,000. Then, by way
of emphasizing the warning against such expendi
tures Mr. Cannon estimated that, leaving out the
sinking fund, the excess of appropriations at this ses
sion over the revenues for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1903, would be nearly $52,000,000.
. The timeliness of the warning and the eloquence of
the argument that sustained it are not to be ques
tioned, but unfortunately the facts do not agree. The
reports from the treasury show a large accumulation
of money in the vaults, the largest gold reserve
known to history and an undiminishing surplus.
SOME days ago Mr. Cannon,, chairman of the
House Committee on Appropriations, made, a
speech that attracted a good deal of attention
not only from the House but from the country. It
was a speech of warning against extravagance. The
orator denounced the prodigality with which Con
gressmen of both houses voted' appropriations and
predicted many calamities, including a deficit in the
treasury and an increased rate of taxation upon the
people.
A PULL TREASURY.
The Board of Health threatens to close the emer
gency hospitals unless the action of the Mayor in
cutting salaries be rescinded. The board has used
this same club so often that it would be a mercy for
some one to take it away and give another board a
chance with it.
While the trial proceeds the Governor will conceive
that he is what the Hoosier Congressman called "the
sinecure of all eyes," but he will plume and primp in
vain. He is merely an incident in the affair. Reve
lations of bad administration touched his political
confidants and he has jumped into the ring in their
defense and for their shelter, to prevent, if possible,
acy efficient investigation. Our purpose is to have
sach investigation as speedily as may be consistent
with its fullness and accuracy.
The Governor's scheme is to secure delay. His
plan can have no other effect. Proof of the corrup
tion and maladministration of the prison should be
promptly made and met. That is the matter of in
terest to the people. The personal affairs of the Gov
ernor of California, "alias Henry T. Gage," as that
expansive minded person would put it, are of but
little interest to them. Fool Governors are not a
scarce article. Older States than this have had them
snd survived Good and bad, Governors come
and Governors go, usually into obscurity, but
the State and its institutions we have al
ways with us. The prisons, unfortunately, will
and be administered and their cost be
paid by the people long after the present Gov
ernor of the State will be forgotten. So the focus
of popular interest is not upon the Governor's repu
tation. He affects to believe that it is fly-blown by
libel. The people are indifferent to its condition.
They want something that will be admonitory to
prison management, if the same have gone wrong.
Therefore they seek the way opened by The Call to
find out.
The peculiar dignity that doth hedge about the
Governor of California has inoculated his few news
paper organs, and that one that was born with one
hand, palm up, behind its back, and for the earliest
word its infant lips could trjuselected "backsheesh,"
is now dancing up and down screaming "delay" be
cause it is proposed to relocate the scene of trial by
placing it near where the testimony is, and where
proceedings may be prompt, the evidence full and
the conclusion can be quickly reached. It is no small
consideration that public economy will be at the
same time consulted. As the taxpayers have to pay
for the civet to sweeten the Governor's reputation
they ought t'o be consulted at the initial stage of the
proceeding.
WHEN the Govei^or of California decided
to apply -a judicial cosmetic to his official
complexion and brought criminal and civil
suits for libel he was at great pains to so prepare the
criminal branch of his quest for whitewash as to make
sure its prolongation past the time of the State con
vention. Now The Call has no such personal inter
est in that convention as to make its date determina-.
tive of any inquiry into the affairs of San Quentin.
We want a competent examination of the conduct of
that prison, under such authority as vill bring wit
nesses, bills, books and accounts into court.
NO DELAY.
Superintendent of Schools R. H. Webster says that
San Francisco has grown rapidly in a year. and the
progress, has' not ceased. \ this ought to be in the
nature of a suggestion to the Board of Education to
think back upon itself and improve its methods to
suit the times.
TRYING THE AMMUNITION.
HAVING tried in vain, all winter to develop out
of the legislation.-of the session- some sort of
an issue, on which to take an appeal to the
people this fall, the Democratic leaders in. Congress
are trying in, these closing days, to get into the Con
gressional Record as many stump speeches as they
can for general circulation: What they lack in the
way of issues they, purpose to' make, up in the- way of
declamation. The. consequence is that the last week
or two has been marked by- some very perfervid
rhetoric from the spellbinders of Hhe House, arid
those who, complained during. the winter that'the art
or oratory is dead are now grumbling because there
is so much of it. ' .' :
Under any circumstances there, would have been
more or less of campaign oratory in the House dur
ing the closing weeks of the session; for a campaign
is coming on and the opposition party must have
from its representatives in Congress, something in
the way .of documents for distribution. The absence
of any clear ground on which to make the fight,
however, renders the oratory this year more torrid
and tempestuous than ever. The old maxim, "When
you have no case abuse your opponent," applies well
to the Democratic situation just now. Never was
that party so absolutely without either an issue or a'
leader, and, naturally, enough, the advocates of the
party are doing their Dest to make Rome howl by
their denunciations of the administration.
'Recently the Democrats of the House, taking ad
vantage of the latitude permitted in the discussion of
the generar deficiency bill^ turned 'loose the.ir big
guns and tried out all the political ammunition they
expect to use this" fall.- The ' leader* :'of. the party,
Mr. Richardson of Tennessee, was particularly vivid
and eloquent in" his style of banging away at every
thing in .sight. He arraigned 'the. Republican party
and the administration' for nearly everything, of evil
now-above the horizon, from water cure in the Phil
ippines to the rise in the price of meat| and it is
probable we shall see his speech floating : ->.about
among the' campaign documents designed'' to*"ihduce
.unreflecting men to vote the Democratic ticket.
It is significant of the confidence of the Republi
can leaders in the intelligence of the voters that they
are making little or no effort at elaborate refutation
of the Democratic, attacks. In reply to Richardson
Mr. Cannon, speaking for the Republicans, con
tented himself with saying: "We are not perfect, and
we do not claim to be. We. pull the wagon and we
do the work, and you find the fault. We have been
at that now for over a generation, and still we have
pulled along. It does you good, and I do not think
it hurts us. You had full power under Cleveland.
You came into power partially from .time to time,
but then you had full power. It is recent — from 1893
to 1897. Don't you wish you could blot out the
recollection of the manner in which you exercised it?
And for gall and cheek, with the recent performance,
now, when we are doing the best we can, meeting
every obligation;- the country prosperous, passed
through the war with honor, passed through the war
with justice, solving the questions that grew out of
that war and solving them with courage, notwith
standing the criticism and opposition — gentlemen of
your party, still you scold."
No further refutation can be needed either for the
attack of .Richardson or' that of any other member
of the opposition. The Republican party is doing
the work while Democracy scolds. It will be easy
for the voters to decide on election day whether to
cast their ballots for the worker or the termagant.
THE CANAL.
R.RACTICAL. philanthropy was never
. better/illustrated than yesterday
when the* Salvation Army took un
... 4 der ,.care ( .no «- less ,_than
V * 530 poor mothers .and babies on a
trip to' El Campo.- For days members of
the army had been preparing for the out
ing which was to bring joy to so many.
It was to be a day of recreation among
the sylvan glades and by the waters* of
the bay — delights rarely known by those
for whom, the entertainment had been
planned.
Before 9 o'clock yesterday morning the
gathering of the excursionists commenced
and to each parent or guardian was given
a badge with an initial, the initial being
for subsequent convenience. . •
Mothers from every, quarter of the city
hurried along with their precious, though
in many cases pale and weakly charges.
There- was the American mother, side by
side with the Italian or the German
mother— all with their little tots, receiving
that tender care and watchfulness which
is noticeable in the poor as well as the
rich mother. Chinese mothers brought
their little ones attired quaintly. Gen
eral good behavior was a characteristic
that was noticeable among the older chil
dren who had taken advantage of the hos
pitable invitation of the army, for
though it was announced that the excur
sion was to be for "babies" and "poor
mothers," there were many children of a
larger growth at the festivities held by
the seaside .under the ricn foliaged hills.
And how the children scampered up and
down the mountain side and splashed and
reveled in the cool, invigorating surf.
CITIZENS I/END KINBI/JT I£EIi?.
And how good had many of our citizens
been, for had they riot listened to the ap
peal of the Salvationists and with open
hearts senu to the headquarters meats,
cheese, hams, breadstuffs and crackers,
nuts, candles and fruits?
W. A. Desborough had charge of the
steamer General Frisbie, which Captain
Hatch had placed free of charge at the
disposal of the Salvation Army and its
guests of the day, and well did he look
after his charges.
On the arrival_of the steamer at El
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE CALL was the first paper in the country
to announce the probable consideration by
Congress of the Panama route for an isthmian
canal. Our judgment was based on. circumstances
solely. .At that time the Panama franchise and
property had passed into, the hands of a new com
pany, which had renewed work on the project and
was making no offer. to sell. But the whole canal
policy of this country was being used for demagogy
and sensation. The Clayton-Bulwer treaty was an
embarrassment to the McKinley. administration, and
the fluid and unstable attitude of ¦ Nicaragua and
Costa "Rica was unpromising. . j. . —^
If the Nicaragua canal proposition enjoyed a
monopoly of the possibilities ¦ it presented every
chance for obstruction and delay that the opponents
of any canal could wish. President McKinley was
determined to have a canal begun as soon as possi
ble, and we saw clearly that there must be a choice
alternative to the Nicaragua route, and it could only
be the Panama. Therefore we announced with con
fidence that the short route would be considered and
probably adopted. This was long in advance of the
report of the canal commission. When that -.report
was made our judgment in the premises, was con
firmed and there remained in the way only the mat
ter of price and title. If these are. found satisfactory
the Panama route. will be acquired. "As the Panama
railroad goes with it, a great cheapening in construc
tion will result by having that facility for the transpor
tation of men and material required in the work. The v
shortness of the Panama route, its -distance ' -from
volcanic activity, its freedom from • any treaty com
plications with Europe, and the fact that in its ac
quisition and construction we have one sovereignty
to deal with instead of two, seem to have been the
factors in influencing the Senate in selecting it.- Tlie
people will be satisfied since it means that .a], canal'
will be in use much sooner than if built on any other
route.
M. Diepenbrook of Sacramento is at the
Grand: -
W. J. Dickey, a banker of Fresno, is at
the Lick. ; .
A^ Bizard, a merchant of Arcata, is at
the Lick.
Dr. A. Don Hines of San Jose is at the
California.
. James Collins, a Courtland fruit grower,
is at the Lick.
C. E. Sweezy, an attorney of Marysville,
is. at the Grand.
The Rev. Father G. G. Frund of Santa
Cruz is at the Lick.
J. P. Maleville, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is at the Lick. . £.:C;;
O. McHervey, a rancher and extensive
land owner of Modesto, is at the Occi
dental. .
Dr. Frank Irwin of Hilo, Hawaiian Is
lands, is at the Grand, accompanied by
hls wife.
Commander Baron Ferson, attached to
the Russian embassy at Washington, is at
the Palace. He is touring the coast.,
. George A. Macmillan, the well-known
publisher, accompanied by his family, left
last evening for a trip to the Yosemlte.
Judge C. N. Sterry, chief counsel of the
Santa Fe, and T. J. Norton, his associate,
are up from Los Angeles and are at the
Palace. :>if?'t-(v
David Kalamanaole of Honolulu ar
rived from Washington, D. C, yesterday.
He is accompanied by his wife. They are
at the Occidental.
Dr T. H. Morris, accompanied by his
father. Colonel J. W. Morris, left last
evening -for Truckee and Lake Tahoe»
They- expect to be gone about three
weeks. . . - v! 5't ~J'i.h- ' . . ' "
Judge. Frank H. Short of Fresno Is at
the Palace. He Is hereto attend the meet
ing of a committee appointed by the Wa-
Why not let well enough alone? The Republicans
who have beaten the junta bill -stand squarely and
loyally on their party platform, which declares for
reciprocity in those things which we do not produce
at home. It may serve the purpose of some secret
enemies of the party to call these gentlemen "trait
ors," and that may be the form in which the Secre
tary of War wants to carry the issue into the cam
paign. They have heretofore been called I in
surrectos" and "insurgents," terms that originated in
the War Office. Heaping opprobrium upon men
who stand by the principles of their party is proper
and congenial work for a department of the Govern
ment which has caused every scandal that the pa r ty
has to pack.
Why should this questfon be selected as the burn
ing issue of the campaign, anyway? It carries with
it all the scandals for which the War Department is
responsible. It smells of that payment to persuade
Gomez to put a curb bit in the mouth of his patriot
ism in order to let Palma become President of Cuba
to present his country as a mendicant, needful of
alms from American farmers. It is directly tainted
.with the bribe passed through the hands of F.. B.
Thurber to secure this very legislation. It is discred
ited by the purely invented and artificial pretense that
we are under obligations to Cuba, that we- owe her
a moral debt, that we will be dishonored if we don't
give her planters all these millions. These things
are not true, and, not being true, cannot be estab
lished as facts by any appeal to the people. Cuba
owes us everything. We owe her nothing. She
owes us that very independence which enables her
to sit on our doorstep, hat in hand, soliciting alms.
But for our blood and our money, spent in her bp-
half, she would still be a Spanish colony, ruled by a"
Captain General, who would beat her with one hand
while he robbed her with the other. -..-.
It is probable that such a campaign will result in
effecting a junction, finally, between the spot free
traders and the un-spotted free-traders. It will be
just such a co-operation as was effected in 1896 by
the partial money Republicans and the inf
partial sound money Democrats, only this time the
joining of forces will be against the Republican party
instead of for it.
With the Democrats evidently getting in line for a
campaign for general free trade, how will the Repub
licans look running a campaign for free trade in
spots with a foreign junta to pick out the spots
for us?
The Senators and Representatives who have op
posed and defeated the junta bill have the sympathy
and support of strong Republican States, without
whose votes a 'Republican House cannot be elected
next November nor a Republican President in 1904.
What leader is going to take the responsibility of
going into those States to ask their people to re
pudiate the action of their members of Congress?.
Will the Secretary of War send his generals in uni^
form, or will he go himself, to try on the people
themselves the dragooning he has so offensively at
tempted upon their representatives? Will the manu
facturers go out amefng the farmers and convince
them of their duty to give up the only stake of
agriculture in protection in order that our surplus
manufacturers may find a market in* Cuba? Will
Senators' who rest their fame on caveats undertake to
persuade the farmers that what hurts as a bill be
comes a beneficial pleasure when it is called a treaty?
It should be unnecessary to inform the inventive
Senator^ who files a caveat on the treaty plan, that
the people object to the thing itself, to free trade
with Cuba, and not to the method adopted to secure
it. 'It is a strange misconception of the popular atti
tude to assume that the American farmer, who ob
jects to the junta bill, will accept, with appetite and
pleasure, its provisions when embodied in a treaty.
AN Oakland paper, announces, with evidence^ .of
satisfaction/ that the senior Senator from
California is the inventor of the plan for free
trade with Cuba by treaty instead of by direct tariff
legislation. It is at the same time made known at
Washington that the fight for a free trade treaty will
be carried into the campaign this year in order to
secure a public sentiment that will ratify such a treaty
when it is sent in next December.
FREE TRADE BY TREATY.
POOR MOTHERS AND CHILDREN
GUESTS OF SALVATION ARMY
Thus.it seems that. in predicting a deficit Mr. Can
non.made a mistake. Nevertheless, his speech was a
good one. The fact that we have a surplus is no
reason why we should burn it. . ...
Furthermore, the .revenues have not greatly dimin
ished, despite the repeal of. the war taxes.. The
treasury report for June 11 as summarized in the dis
patches says: "To-day the cash balau.ee stands at
$i99,i/8,S32. The surplus of receipts over expendi
tures is now $78,218,740 -for the current fiscal year, or
just about the same as at the end of the. last fiscal
period. Yet the receipts from internal reventWhave
been far l^ss during the current fiscal year than\ last
year, owing to the repeal of a part of the war taxes
in 1901. The. further repeal of war taxes, which will
take effect at the beginning of the next fiscal year,
July 1, is expected to reduce the income from inter
nal revenue by a large* amount, but the reduction will
not be as large as the amount of the present surplus."
held' in trust against certificates outstanding, and the
balance, $57,000,000, is the free possession of the
Government. •" ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, JUNE, 25, 1902.
ter and Forest Association to discuss wa
ter rishts.
? "
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
Fairfax— M. F. Clark; Arlington— R. li
Rathbone, Oscar Bolderman; Shoreham—
J. J. Jacobs, all of San Francisco.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townaend'a.*
Townsend's^ California glace fruit," Wo a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. . 633 Mar!- i
street. Palace Hotel building. ¦ " ¦: •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
•We are generally too ready for the sake
of peace to put a premium on ill temper
and to give the cross person the right of
way. This is often cowardly and almost
always a mistake. Ill temper should be
gently resisted.— Ladles' Home Journal.
Cheap Bates ¦ to Minneapolis, Minn.
N. E. A.. Convention," $ 84 9C, San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, going direct lines,
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On sale
July 1 and 2, good sixty days. Only requires
six days for entire trip . through Yellowstone
National 7 Park. Just the season to visit "Na
ture's Greatest Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited." is unex
celled by any other. Seeing is believing. T.
K. Stateler, general agent, 647 Market st. S. F
- — ¦ ? ¦
The saving of a few cents on a bottle of Va
nilla Extract will not atone for annoyance ot
having dessert "Just a little oft" In flavor.
Always buy Burnett's, the standard quality.
Faded hair recovers its youthful color and
softness by tha use of Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercoras, the best cure for corns. IScts.
The Salvation Army people who worke
arduously throughout the day to assu:
The grounds of El Campo were volun
tarily placed at the disposal of the arm:
by W. B. Drown, who did much to assis
in the pleasure of the visitors. So, deslr
ous was every one at El Campo that th
visitors should have a thorough day's en
joyment without let or hindrance tha
even Herman Kronke, the boatman,' re
fused pay for his boats, saying: "No,
will not take anything for . my " boats to
day. Give it to the good cause." Am
Photographer 3 George A. Turner wa
equally magnanimous, for he was read;
to take the photographs of. all the bable
and mothers and army lads and lassie
who visited his gallery without more com
pensation than a "Thank you."
The trip to El Campo had freshened all
appetites and when . at noon the buglt
sounded the lunch hour out came the gooc
things to eat. The guests were formed
lntQ corps according' to the alphabetical
designation of the badge worn, and eac*
corps was under the charge of a captalr
or lieutenant, so that there was no dis
order. . The good army folks had ever
supplied cans for drinking purposes foi
each one and there was the best of mill
and in the greatest quantity.
TO WHOM THANKS ABE DUE
The day will long be remembered, no!
alone by the children and their mothers
but also by those who had the privilege
of witnessing so great and philanthrope
an entertainment. The children through
out the day~were splendidly behaved anc
but one mishap occurred, when littl«
Claude Glllespie of 228% Eighth street fel
from a tree which he had climbed. Th<
child for a while was unconscious, but th»
kindly -aid of members of the Salvatioi
Army soon succeeded in restoring him t<
consciousness and by the time the trl]
for home was made he was quite him
self.
Campo the youngsters darted down th<
gangplank like a flight of birds from t
cage. The boys whooped, the girls dancet
with glee and the babes cooed >la the ana
of their mothers as thoogtt the dellclou:
air had with magic spell put into tnel:
tiny bodies a new life.
6
J B. KATSCHINSKI I
(j PHILADELPHIA SHOE Glk |*
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. 3
I High Grade Oxfords -
3 Reduced to 90c.
M We have several lines of UL-
H DIES* HIGH GRADE TAN X>X-
J FORDS that we are . closing out.
1 Borne have vesting tops, others
n with kid tops, medium leather and
1 French heeft; coin toes and tlp«
y and hand-turned soles. Theso Ox-
8 fords formerly sold from ¦ $2.00 to
n $3.50. Now offered ftr f)O<N '
H DON'T OVERLOOK THIS BAH>
H GAIN.
Eg "We have the following: sizes:
H AA wide 3',i to 6% D wld» 2% to 8H
[i and 7% to 8
1 A wide 3 to 6^3 E wide 3 to yfc
If • ¦ .< and B to 3
H B wld« 2V, to 5U EE wlds 3% to t
g C wide 2% to 3^. •
H We do not guarantee to> fill coun-
»j mi itfi trv orders on sal*
M goods.
I Bargains in Tan Spring
Heel Button Shoes.
LADIES' KID TOP and MISSES'
VESTING TOP TAN KID BUT-
TON SHOES, coin toes and tips,
spring heels; widths B, C, D and E*
misses' sizes, 11 to 2 at SOc; La-
dles' sizes, ZVi to 6 at OOc. Former-
ly sold for $1.75«and 52.00. Just the -
thins for summer wear.
I Men's Tan Shoes,
And Good Ones.
Odd lines in men's fine quality
' TAN LACE and CONGRESS
I SHOES; latest style toes and tips.
| Formerly sold from $2.50 to $5.00.
; Reduced to S*1.33. Sizes 6 to 11;
widths A to E. '
; j Send for our new illustrated cat-
alogue, just out.
I B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
) 10 THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.
5CLK£(EIEEESLEAYffi6T01IF0RTHESUMMER.
<
Call ¦a1»«erlbem contemplating a. change or
residence dnrtnc the summer month* can hare
their paper forwarded br mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
Tbu paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
rmerti and is represented by a local agent In
¦ II toirna on tlie coast.Hines-Edwards Wedding".
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 24.—
Miss Alice Mary Edwards, formerly a
member of the sophomore class in the
university, was married to-day to Dr. A.
D. Hines, a physician of San Jose. The
wedding took place at the home of the
bride's parents' in San Jose. Miss Ed
wards was a popular student at the uni
versity and a member of the Kappa Al
pha Theta fraternity.
GRAND ISLAND, Neb r... June 24.— The
Democratic State convention convened at
2 o'clock with over 1000 delegates in at
tendancei H. F. Travis of Plattsmouth
was temporary chairman. After effect
ing organization the convention listened
to a speech by William J. Bryan. Bryan
was received with liberal applause and
delivered a stirring address. He paid his
respects to the Tilden Club, which lie
said had "regaled itself with a collation
in the banquet hall and served a buffet
supper to the rank and file in the base
ment."
"I have but* one purpose," continued
Bryan, "and that is to help the Demo
crats of the nation to write into law the
principles of Thomas Jefferson and' An
drew Jackson." He concluded by asking
the Democrats of Nebraska to stand
squarely on the two previous platforms
and pledged his support to the ticket.
Constantine J. Smyth, ex-Attorney Gen
eral of the State, was nominated tor Gov
ernor, defeating Victor Vifquain. Smyth
was escorted to the platform and made
a short address In which he thanked the
delegates and asked the convention to
adopt a "thorough Democratic platform."
He said the flght was on the railroads
and other corporations of the State, and
said the Democrats must push to the
front as never before.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 24.— The People's
Party State convention to-day completed
the nomination of the following ticket:
Justice Supreme Court, four years-
Frank Doster, Marion; six years— Ed ! S.
Waterbury, Lyon; B. F. Milton, Ford.
Congressman at large, J. D. Bodkin.
Cowley; Lieutenant Governor, Fred J.
Close, Ellis; Attorney General," F. M.
Brown; Treasurer, D. "W. Helflebower,
Miami; Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion, F. C. Powell, Reno; Superintendent
of Public Insurance, D. J. Hart, Norton.
The convention was the scene of a live
ly contest al day in regard to the ques
tion of fusion with the Democrats. There
were a large number of straightout
Populists in the convention who -wanted
a ticket nominated without reference to
the wishes of the Democrats. While this
element was numerous enough to put up
a strong fight, it could not control the
policy of the convention. Fusion was ac
cordingly adopted.
Very turbulent scenes marked the pro
gress of the convention to-day. Senator
Harris, the temporary chairman, deliv
ered a keynote address this morning.
This session was peaceable, consisting
only in the appointment «of the usual
committees. In the afternoon the fusion
crowd, after securing the organization,
attempted to "railroad" the proceedings
in favor of amalgamation with the Dem
ocrats. Then the battle started. At
numerous periods during the afternoon
the 700 or more delegates appeared to all
be talking at once, so great was the con
fusion. The anti-fusionists were more
than determined to defeat the designs of
the other element.
People's Party in Kansas Has
a Very Tempestuous
Session.
Nebraskan Speaks at a
Democratic State
Convention.
BRYAN USES
HARSH WORDS
ICissing Woman's Body Found.
SANTA BARBARA,' June 24.— The mys
tery of the recent disappearance of Mrs.
Sadie Benson has been solved by the dis
covery, of her. body hoatlng in the kelp
off Moores Landing, west o* this city.
She left her home about three weeks ago
and at the time- it was believed that she
had committed suicide. It Is supposed
that, while suffering from temporary de
mentia, she found her way at night to
the seashore and leaped from the wharf
at the landing.
SANTA CRUZ, June 24.— Purple and
gold, the Christian Endeavor
colors, are everywhere in Santa
Cruz. Badge-bedecked delegates
throng the streets and young
Christians of this active organization are
here from Del Norte to San Diego. Every
portion of the State is represented. All
incoming trains have been met by the
members of the reception committee,
those by the broad-gauge at Pajaro ajid
those by the narrow-gauge at Felton.
The delegates are. escorted to the head
quarters at the Armory, where they reg
ister and are given official programmes
and the convention badges. They are
then turned over to the guide committees
From the south, 200 strong, came an en
thusiastic band on a special train to-day,
escorting State President Lionel Rodgers.
They left Los Angeles early In the morn-
Ing and had a Christian Endeavor con
vention the entire distance. They came
determined that the next convention shall
be held In San Diego.
The concert in the Armory this even
ing attracted a great gathering. The fea<
ture was the chorus of 600 voices under
the direction of W. M. Aydelotte. The
Mandarin Quartet was present from San
Jose. The Garden City also sent its
noted soprano, Miss Alice Genevieve Mc-
Millan.
The Golden Gate Union and a part of
the Santa Clara County Christian En
deavor Union are to have their head
quarters in the Hotel St. George. The
rest of the Santa Clara County union will
stop at the Hagemann. The Alameda
County union's headquarters and stopping
place is to be the Riverside Hotel. Wat
sonvllle will make its quarters In the
Alta. A big special train Is to arrive to
morrow afternoon from San Francisco,
Alameda and Santa Clara counties.
Funeral of Theodore O. Hosmer.
Friends of the late Theodore Goodman
Hosmer are invited to attend funeral
ceremonies- at Palo Alto next Thursday,
June 26, taking train from Third and
Townsend streets station at 9 a. m.
Cholera Reports From Luzon.
MANILA, June 24.— The province of Bu
lucan, Central Luzon, has granted $5000
toward the expenses of combating the
spread of cholera. The cholera totals to
date are as follows. Manila,. 1607 cases
and 1281 deaths; provinces,- 8488 cases and
6272 deaths.
HOLLENBECK ESTATE
WELL ADMINISTERED
SAN JOSE, June 24.— The Mercury says
regarding the settlement of the Hollen
beck estate : .
- In the estate of Narcissa B. Hollenbeck,
the final account of Alexander Peers, as ex
ecutor, was settled yesterday, and the es
tate, consisting or $8581 93. in money, was dis
tributed to V.Kooh.as trustee, under the will
of Mrs. . Hollenbeck. The accounts settled re
lated only to transactions since the first of
January last. Mr. - Peers was appointed
executor In April, 1881. On the 4th of last
April an account was filed covering the ad
ministration of the estate from the 1st of Jan
uary, 1894, to the 1st of January, 1902. Soon
afterward the residuary legatees, by their at
torneys, W. A. Bowden and George F. Car^
1 oil, filed a petition charging Peers with the
fraudulent misapplication of - about jfGOOO,
claiming that the estate was appraised at
about |30,000 And had dwindled down to about
$9000. The facts, as shown by the records
of the probate, however, are, that the estate
was appraised at $22,867 66, of which $21,725
was for real estate heavily incumbered. Peers
sold the real estate for $26,431 93, out of which
he paid the lncumbrances. ¦ > ,
The court, In settling his account, decided
that the estate had ; been honestly adminis
tered and with exceptional economy,' and that
the charges made against Peers were entirely
unfounded. His accounts were settled as ren
dered. ) Peers, however, being unwilling longer
to manage the estate, tendered his resignation
as trustee, and Koch was appointed to succeed
him. The estate was yesterday distributed
to Koch aa trustee, and the money paid ever
to him. ,' . -
FRANK MATTHAI'S THIAL
ENDS IN AN" ACQUITTAL
Napa County Jury Finds the Defend-
ant U"ot Guilty of Man
slaughter.
, NAPA, June 24.— Frank Matthai was ac
quitted by a jury here : to-night of the
charge of manslaughter. The trial had
been In progress seven days. The jury
was out for seven hours before agreeing
upon a. verdict.
This case has been in court here for
the past two years. Matthai was charged
with the killing of George Stanley, in
Chiles Valley, in 1900, after a quarrel over
some mining locations. In a former trial
he was found guilty of manslaughter, but
he appealed to the Supreine Court and
was granted a new trial.
LONDON, Jiwie 24. — Oxford University to
day conferred the honorary degree of Doctor of
Civil Law on Joseph H. Choate, the United
States Embassador to Great Britain.
. BpSTON, June 24.— Suspected of the
death of seven persons, but indicted for
murdering only three, Miss Jane Toppan,
who was yesterday declared insane, has
confessed that she has killed during her
career as a professional nurse not less
than thirty human beings.
This statement was made to Judge Frfid
M. Bixby of Brockton, senior counsel at
the trial at Barnstable yesterday, when
Miss Toppan was found not guilty by rea
son of insanity of the charge of murder
ing Mrs. Mary D. Gibbs. Judge Bixby
said also that Miss Toppan had admitted
that she had set fires and committed other
serious acts. She said she could not help
committing the crimes. She argued,
moreover, that she was not insane.
The woman said she knew she was do
ing wrong when she administered poison
to her victims and she f.sked Judge Bix
by how, under such circumstances, she
could be of unsound mind. Morphine was
Miss Toppan' s agency for producing
death. Many of the victims were unsus
pecting and most intimate friends. Others
were the patients of reputable physicians,
who employed her on account of her abil
ity as a nurse. Miss Toppan was so ex
pert in her knowledge of drugs that she
was able to escai>e detection for year*.
She did not enumerate her many victims,
although she did admit the killing of
Mrs. Gibbs, Mrs. Henry Gordon of Chi
cago and Alden P. Davis, all of whom
died at Calumet last summer.
Miss Toppan was indicted last Septem
ber for these three murders, the State
electing to try her on the Gibbs count.
Miss Toppan was taken to the Tauntou
Insane Hospital to-day to begin her life
sentence. ¦
Miss Jane Toppan Tells
of Her Extraordi
nary Grimes.
Dr. Matson's Wife Says
H« Is Cold-Hearted \
and Disdainful <
Dr. Andrew P. Matson and his wife,
who reside at 1769 Howard street, do not
possess the "affinity that promotes and
preserves domestic— 'felicity." At least
that is the burden of Anna Marie Mat
sen's complaint In a divorce suit filed
yesterday. For five years, alleges • Mrs.
Matson, she has suffered torture beyond
description because of her husband's
treatment. According to her complaint,
Matfeon looks upon a woman as a
chattel, unworthy of devotion or
care, and fit only to act as a drudge and
servant. Her every act, alleges the wife,
offended her husband, and he never miss
ed an opportunity to humiliate her in
the presence of others. She, did not eat,
to suit him, she alleges, neither did she
walk, talk nor sit in a manner to meet
with .his approval. "He even objected
to the way I held my dress," she alleges,
"and caused me to feel greatly ashamed
by accusing me of being filthy in my
habits. I possess a refined nature, and
suffered agonies by reason of his constant
fault finding."
The Matsons are both dentists. • Mrs.
Matson does the work, it is alleged,
while her husband goes away on fishing
trips. Mrs. Matson further alleges that
she has' earned the house rent and the
gas bill, and has paid other . household
expenses through her efforts. She has
done everything, she alleges, to make
Matscr.'s life a happy one, but to no
avail. Her every effort Is treated with
disdain, and instead of praise, love and
affection she receives, she alleges, abuse
and invectives.
The couple have no children. They
weru married In March, 1S94.
THIRTY LIVES
IS HER RECORD
LOVE'S E FORTS
PROVE FUTILE
SANTA CRUZ CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS WHO HAVE TAKEN A
LEADING PART IN ARRANGING FOR THE STATE CONVENTION
AND PROVIDING FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT OF DELEGATES.
The President shook hands with a num
ber of those assembled about the train.
As the train pulled out the President
came out on the rear platform and re
peatedly lifted his hat.
WASHINGTON, June 24. — President
Roosevelt, accompanied by Secretary
Cortelyou, Dr. T. J. Urle of the navy,
and a stenographer, left here this even
ing over the Pennsylvania Railroad for
Boston, where the President will attend
the commencement exercises at Harvard
University and deliver an address. • On
Thursday the President will witness tho
boat race at New London between Har
vard and Yale, and will leave soon after
ward for Washington.
dress at the Harvard Com
mencement.
Chief Executive Is to Deliver an Ad-
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
" TRAVELS TO "THE HUB ? *
Seventy- two Dollars and Forty Cents
To Minneapolis and return. On July first
and second the Santa Fe will sell tickets
at this low rate, account the annual meet
ing of the National Educational Associa
tion. Return limit August 31, 1902. Special
side ride rates to the Grand Canyon will
be granted to holders of these tickets.
Call upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
agent, 641 Market St., for folder and full
particulars.
Falls From an Oil Derrick.
BAKERSFIELD, June 24.— Thomas P.
Carling fell from the top of a derrick 011
the Knob Hill lease in the Kern River oil
field this morning and met instant death.
"WASHINGTON, June 24.— Two notable
speeches marked the closing of the gen
eral debate on the Philippine civil gov
ernment bill to-day. They were made by
Landis, an Indiana Republican, and by
Williams, a Mississippi Democrat. There
were demonstrations after each conclud
ed. The other speakers to-day were Ball
of Texas, Jones of. Virginia, Shafroth of
Colorado and Crumpacker of Indiana. The
latter closed the general debate lor tue
bill with a strong speech.
Some routine business was transacted
in the House prior to the resumption of
the debate on the Philippine bill. Bills
v/ere passed to establish a subport of
entry at Naco, Ariz.; to appropriate $3000
annually for the support and maintenance
of the permanent international commis
sion of the Congress of Navigation; to
authorize the Director of the Census to
compile statistics regarding irrigation.
Ball Of Texas, the first speaker on the
Philippine civil government bill to-day,
made a sensational onslaught on the Re
publican policy and on the President.
Taking Pecksniff as his text, he charged
the President and administration with
hypocrisy.
Landis of Indiana made an earnest
speech in support of the policy of retain
ing the Philippine Islands. He engaged
in a sharp passage with Clark of Mis
souri. He described Clark, after war was
declared, as charging up and down the
aisle, boasting that the Democrats had
taken the Republican party by the scruff
of the neck and dragged it into war.
This drew from Clark a challenge to
Landis to place in his speech the names
of the eighty-five Republicans whom he
described as the "kickers" and who, he
said, went to President McKinley and
threatened to vote with the Democrats
to recognize the independence of Cuba un
less he sent the right kind of a message
to Congress. ¦¦'' . ;"¦
"That is a fiction." cried Landis, while
Cooper of Wisconsin, who- said he was
a member of the committee that waited
upon President McKinley, denied that
any such conversation ever occurred. On
the contrary, he said, the committee told
the President that they were willing to
abide by the decision of the administra
tion.
Landis thereupon repeated his state
ment that Clark had boasted that the
Democrats had dragged the Republicans
into the war.
"That's what we did!" shouted Clark.
"And then wh,en the war came with
its problems, consequences and responsi
bilities," flashed back Landis, "you turned
your backs and ran away."
A tremendous burst of applause greeted
this reply. For fully a minute it con
tinued, until checked by the presiding of
ficer. ¦ .
Landis paid a glowing tribute to the
bravery and heroism of General Funston.
In the midst of it, while lie was describ
ing Funston swimming a river during the
expedition which resulted in the capture
of Aguinaldo, Sulzer of New York raised
a general laugh by exclaiming, "Funston
can't swim." • ¦
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The Senata
to-day passed bills creating a national
forest reserve in the Southern Appalach
ian Mountains and ratifying the agree
ment between the United States and the
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indiana of the
Ind.'an Territory. / 7
The first bill provides for the purchase
of 4,000,000 acres in the Southern Appa
lachian system at a cost not to exceed
$10,000,000." The Secretary of Agriculture
13 to designate the lands to be purchased
and is to take measures to preserve the
hardwood forests which they bear.
Quay of Pennsylvania was unable to
day to secure consideration for hl3 mo
tion to discharge the Committee on Ter
ritories from further consideration of
the omnibus Statehood bill, but gave no
tice that he would demand that it be
taken up to-morrow.
The following bills were passed: To
grant certain lands to the South Platte
Canal and Reservoir Company, which
supplies water to the city of Denver; au
thorizing the President to reserve certain
public lands and buildings in the island
of Porto Rico for public uses, and grant
ing ether public lands and buildings to
the Government of Porto Rico, the pro
vision giving the reident^- Commissioner
from Porto Rico to the 'United States a
seat in the" House of Representatives be
ing eliminated. - •
Representative .T. H. Ball
Makes a Sensational
Statement.
Senators Pass a Bill for
Immense National
Reserve.
TEXAN ACCUSES
THE PRESIDENT
GREAT FORESTS
TO BE BOUGHT
• • ' ¦ - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902.
Great Chorus of Six Hundred Voices Delights a Large Gathering in
the Armory in Santa Cruz— Delegates From the Cities of the
Southland -Demand the Next Convention for San Diego
ENDEAVORER CONCLAVE OPENS
WITH AN EVENING OF MELODY
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. -
DANDRUFF CAUSED BY A GERM.
A. New Discovery That Kills the
Germ and Prevents Baldness.
Pretty nearly all the hair preparations
for dandruff have some merit In allaying
Itching of the scalp and In being a fairly
good dressing for the hair, but there is
only one that recognizes what causes
dandruff, falling hair and baldness and
that destroys the cause, a little germ
and that', is Newbro's Herplclde. This
germ eats its way into the* scalp down to
the hair root, where it saps that vitality
causing dandruff as it digs up the scalp
into little white scales. Unless it is de-
stroyed there's no permanent stopping of
falling hair and cure of dandruff and
baldness. Newbro's Herplcide kills the
germ. "Destroy the cause, you remove
the effect." •
- ¦ - - ¦ J\ 1 1 y K. K. I IKMVl KM IS.
j
A baby may fail to be nourished
either because it is unable to digest
its food or because the food does not
contain enough nutriment; in either
case the child is not satisfied.
Mellin's Food, as prepared, con-
tains sufficient nourishment in a
digestible form to satisfy the child
and promote his growth.
We have a nice little book of " Mellin's Food Babies " in which we are sore you would
jbe interested.
If you will send us your name on a postal card, we will send the book to you free ef coat
' ••/ > ¦ - ¦ ' /
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
AMUSEMENTS.
. MATIXEE TO-DAT. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25.
I Parquet, any Beat, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c
A VAUOEVJLLE BREEZE!
Hallen and Fuller; Mr. and Mrs.
Waterous; Sisson and Stewart;
Pave Le-wis; Eleanor Talk and Her
Chorus of 10 Pretty Girls; Bedini
and Arthur; Loris and Altina;
Swan and Bamberg, and the Bio-
graph.
Evenings at 8 sharp.
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp.
ANOTHER GREAT BIG HIT. .
"AND THAT IS NO FAIRY TALE."
THE
IDOL'S EVE
"HOOT fflON."
A WORLD OF MIRTH AND MUSIC.
NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
i- POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c
* Telephone Bush 9.
Fischer's Theater.
The Sale To-Morrow
Begins Morning
For the next jrreat
Triple Bill of Surprises
Monday evening comes
••POUSSE CAFE."
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA"
AND "A ROYAL FAMILY."
The most remarkable evening's
Startling entertainment
Ban Francisco has ever seen. !
AH the splendid company-. —
And several new ones 1
Td comolete a terrific bill.
ICo advance in the prices.
¦ REMEMBER
Only a few more times of
"FIDDLE DEE PEE"
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MAUDE FEALY
EDWARD MORCAN
In an Elaborate Production of
The Two Orphans.
The Greatest Melodrama Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
—NEXT WEEK—
Zlaude Fealy and Edward Morgran la "FAUaT."
y UlLUnrlBlA leading theater
Powell etreet, near Market.
Can- Francisco has Indorsed the opinion of
London and New York.
MATIKPF Tfl.DAY and again
lUAintL lU'UAI, ON SATURDAY.
NOTE' — During the Miller- Anglln season the
Xcatinees will commence at 2 o'clock sharp.
EVERY NIGHT, EXCEPT SUNDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
Henry Miller, Margaret Anglin
And a Special Company, In Arthur W. Pinero's '
four-act comedy,
THE GAY LORD QUEX
After its successful " run of
« 4OO NIGHTS IN LONDON.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
1 aSSStf Jo-Morrow^- 25c, SOcH
Last Week of
MB. JAMES KEILL AND COMPANY
¦ Presenting the Funny Farce,
"NIOBE."
SEATS READY.
SUNDAY EVENING
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
Assisted by the strongest company ever organ-
ized for the clasac and romantic drama.
Presenting on an Elaborate Scale.
"FRANCESCA DA RIMINI."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW. 8 A. M.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEL
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In David Belaeco's Great Play.
Beats now eelling for all this and next week.
Including
MATINEE FRIDAY, JULY 4.
CENTRAL
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South S33.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE BATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
She Thrilling Melodrama which Sensationalized
Greater New York, THE
ROAD
XO RUIN.
See the Great Underground Railway Scene.
The Sensation of the Season.
I DTrEC Evenings 10c to BOe
lnlWE3 Matinees 10c, 15c 25c
Next Week— "SINS OF THE NIGHT."
m CHUTES!
MODERN VAUDEVILLE tVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING. '^ j
TWIN SISTERS MEREDITH: TWO LITTLE
PUCKS: WEBBER AJSD ELLJOTT; NEL-
LIE MONTGOMERY: KELLY AND KENT;
MURPHY AND SLATER, AND NEW
MOVING PICTURES, j
Daily and Nightly! Don't Fail to See
Hardy Downing Loop the Loop
And MME. SCHELL'S PERFORMING LIONS.
Tbnrsday Klgfat — Amateur Living Pictures.
A £ ir. ! ssion 10c Children Bs
Phone for Seats— Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
v Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:80 p. m.
ADM1SISON 10c CHILDREN Be
Bathing including admission 25c. Children, 20c
IA/. X. HBSS,
K0T1ET PUBLIC AND ATTOKHEY-JlT-LIW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bldg.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence, £21 California st.. below Powell,
fieeidenc* Telephone, Jamei 1601.
h * n a^'^ e newest and most If
' m • fashionable shades and pat- h
|J • values; Keller made by II
I skillful union operators, which is a guaranty that there ill
f\ is nothing lacking in them in point of construction. I J
j| . Pon't fail to get some of these splendid shirts at price ljj
It quoted. You'll concede it to be a wise mote. ill
Oakland.' 1028-WEO Market Street, San Francisco.
p ,. ADVERTISEMENTS..
Good enough
for anybody!
Havana Filler
•• FLORODORA " BANDS an
ef same value as tags from
" STAR." «• HORSE SHOE,"
-SPEARHEAD:'" STANDARD NA VT:\
*' OLD PEACH & HONEY,"
•• SA WLOC" '• OLE VARCINY"
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
Pofnr»A - - Desirable location,
I UluvW unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
nftA vice - and modern
U 111! conveniences are the
attributes that have
fit* Ofi l\ made these two ho-
UluilU tels popular with
tourists and travel-
Hnf a\c ers who visit San
UUlwlb Francisco.
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
Counselor-at-Law
U. S. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney
U. 8. Patent Office, United States and For-
eign Patents, Caveats. Trade Marks and
Copyrights.
No. 700 7th Street, N. W.
Opp. V. B. Patent Office. Washington, D.C.
sjL' ¦, tbct-ttv Bedj,, Chain. Stovei. Etc
/T 1 B| W\ Tents for Kent and for Sale.
I A BH Vi3 Guns> Klfle8 - Fishing Tackla
I 1 /I IB r M(I Eportln* Goods. Send
%J Hk I I I I Catalogue. SHREVE &
¦*¦•¦• *¦'¦**. BARBER CO.. 739 Uark«t
f.t.. f and 611 Kearay ilPitcher Kane Departs.
Harry Kane, the local southpaw pitch
er, has decamped.'. He leaves few to
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June • 24.— Before
10,000 spectators Harvard defeated Yale
this afternoon in the commencement base
ball game. Many of the classes that re
turned for the reunion marched around
the diamond, headed by brass bands.
The class of 1896 made a novel ap
pearance, headed as they were by ten
men on horseback carrying fish-pole
lances with Yale pennants flaunting at
the top. Four Scotch bagpipers .were
also with the class. The triennial class
were garbed as sailors, and carried huge
pompoms of paper on long stems. ; The
cheering was at times deafening, but died
down as the Yale heroes sank after the
fifth inning. The score:
R. H. E.
Yale 4 9 3
Harvard ...10 13 2
Batteries— Garvan. McKelvey and Wins
low; Clarkson and Milne.
Crimson Waves Above Blue.
The managers of the club failed to se
cure the necessary permit from the Super
visors and the police would not let them
proceed with the show. The club officials
construed a decision, rendered by Judge
Murasky two years ago in the case of Co
lumbia Athletic Club against the Chief
of Police, to mean that permit was not
required. This did not apply in the pres
ent case and the police would not permit
the fighters to enter the ring.
Several hundred spectators crowded
about the doors and were finally admitted,
no tickets being taken. When the hall
was fairly well filled It was announced
the fights were postponed one week.
The boxing exhibition announced for
last night by the Bay City Athletic Club
did not take place.
to Secure the Necessary Document
From the Proper Authorities.
Bay City Athletic Club Officials Fail
FIGHTS ARE POSTPONED
FOR WANT OF PERMIT
ISLAND OF HELIGOLAND, June 24.—
The yacht Leander, owned . by Rupert
Guinness, arrived here at 8:50 p. m. yes
terday. The yawls Vol au Vent, owned by
John Dempsey. and the Leander. which
started from Dover, England, at noon
June 21, in the race to this island for the
German Emperor's cup, beat the new
English Yawls Beat a Schooner.
pltal. When Quinn was placed on the op
erating table life was extinct.
¦ The deceased was a member of Com
pany H, League of 'the Cross Cadets, and
at Camp Fallon, Santa Cruz, was the
life of the regiment. He was a Native
Son and belonged to other fraternal or
ders. He leaves a father, brother and sis
ter to mourn his untimely death. He lived
at 830% Harrison street.
Yesterday morning at 7 o'clock the bri
dal couple, accompanied, by their wit
nesses, stepped on board the tugboat Re
lief and soon were the prescribed three
leagues from land. ' Captain M. Downey
of the Relief made them husband and
wife, their witnesses being people of
prominence in Napa County.
The ceremony completed the Relief
steamed rapidly back to her moorings and
the newly married couple left for their
home in St. Helena.
Carlo Forni is not a man of wealth, but
he has worked hard on his ranch on St.
Helena and prospered. When pretty little
Theresa Fornl came out from far away
Firenze to keep house for him a woman's
cheering presence and aid were soon felt
in the rancher's cottage. The meals were
served with feminine taste and the en
tourage of the cottage soon showed the
touch of woman's hands.
A few days ago Carlo and Theresa de
cided to get married and as she was un
der age the only way out of the difficulty
was to come here and be united outside
the heads.
Brezel and . his companion hurriedly re
moved their clothes and .dived into the
water in the hope of recovering the body.
They succeeded in bringing Quinn to the
surface and carried him to the wharf.
They used every effort to bring him to life
and failing, notified a. policeman and had
the body taken to the Emergency Hos-
Quinn. in company with J. B. Brezel,
an ex-police officer and another friend,
went to the wharf to enjoy a row and
give Quinn's dog a swim. They procured
a small boat and rowed about 150 feet
away from shore. Quinn then tossed his
water spaniel into the bay and the an
imal began to splash and act as if it was
in distress. Quinn feared. he was going to
lose his pst and protested to his friends
to row faster. They carried out his order*,
but Quinn became wildly excited and,
rising in the boat, placed his feet on the
gunwale and jumped into the water. The
pudden move overturned the Whitehall
anu his companions were also thrown in
to the bay. They were able to swim and
managed to reach the shore.. Quinn could
not swim, and after a hard struggle' sank.
The dog easily reached the landing and
was carried on the wharf.
George A. Quinn, one of the best known
and most popular young men of this city,
sacrificed his life yesterday in trying to
save his pet dog. The young man was
drowned close to the Second street wharf
and his body now lies at the Morgue.
His death was a particularly sad one.
He was in the full vigor of life and estab
lished in a good business at 13G Third
street.
NEW ORLEANS, June 24.— In the Gulf
States tennis tournament the doubles
were won to-day by Forsyth and Elliott.
In the singles Elliott and L. W. Seguin
qualified for the finals and the winner will
play Reuben Hunt of California for the
championship. .
Hunt Out of Tennis Championship.
George A. Quinn Drowns
While Trying to
Save Animal.
St. Helena Couple Plight
Their Troth Outside
the Heads.
Edward McDonald knocked out James
Garvin in the first round. Joe Carroll put
Charles Webber away in three rounds.
George Ellis lost to Jack Cordell througn
a knockout in the third rdund. John Mo
riarity showed Dick Hyland stars In two
rounds.
George Peterson, the Olympic Club tor
r.ado. pummeled Jimmy Ryan Into dream
land in two and one-half minutes. He
forced the fighting from the jump, put
Ryan down for eight and nine seconds in
two minutes and then finished him with a
right to the Jaw. Jerry Kenny and Billy
Smith supplied the spectators with four
rounds of speedy mitt work. Smith was
quick and clever with each hand and
planted a right on Kenny's jaw in the firsl
round that caused the recipient to take a
lay-off for nine seconds. Kenny was al
ways with his man and when the bout
was finished he appeared to be the
stronger of the pair. The decision was a
close one. . :
OAKLAND, June 24.— Amateur boxing
was resumed at the Reliance Club to
night, and those present witnessed some
fast and willing fights. There were s!x
events, each scheduled to go four rounds.
Five terminated in knockouts before, the
third round was. concluded.
Of the Six Bouts on the Card Only
One Went the Allotted
Four Rounds.
KNOCKOUTS ARE NUMEROUS
IN RJELIANCE CLUB RING
DAYTON, Ohio, June 24.— The make-up
of the All-Amerlcan Bowling Trio which
will tour the country to the Pacific Coast,
beginning October C, was completed to
day. Al Selbach, left fielder of the Balti
more Club of the American Baseball
League, and champion bowler of * Ohio,
will captain the team. The other mem
bers are John J. Voorheis, champion of
New York; Phil Wolf, champion of
Brooklyn, and Ernest Peterson, the star
roller of Chicago.
Bowlers Who "Will Come West.
CAPTAIN OF TUG
ASSISTS CUPID
Big Prices for Haggin Yearlings.
NEW YORK, June 24.— The second and
last day's sale of the Elmdorf yearlings,
the property of J. B. Haggln, took placf.
to-day at Sheepshead Bay and the best
prices of the sale were realized. There
were in all ninety-seven yearlings cata
logued, but only fifty-two were sold
bringing a total of $102,350, with an aver
age of $1966. William C. Whitney paid
$9500 for the son of Hamburg-Imp. Rose
Hampton. Sidney Paget secured the bay
colt by imp. Knight of the Thistle-Song
stress for $7000. The bay colt by imp. Ra
pallo-Water Girl was knocked down to
Green B. Morris for $5000.
OWNED REALTY IN SOUT*H— The estate
of the late Francis Page has been ajlpralsed
at $100,703. It consists of real estate In the
southern part of the State and $10,215 28 In
cash.
Adams Gives Last Lecture.
Henry Austin Adams delivered a lecture
last night at Metropolitan Temple on
"Napoleon." The lecture was the last of
a series given under the auspices of the
?League of the Cross. The hall was crowd
ed with an enthusiastic audience and the
lecturer, was frequently greeted with ap
plause.
Phil "Wand Chosen Referee.
Phil Wand was chosen last night as
referee of the Gans-McFadden fight.
provement and advancement of Califor
nia's great seat of learning.
Rodgers was married in 18a5 to Elizabeth
A. Montgomery, widow of Alexander
Montgomery, a millionaire and prominent
citizen. His wife and one child, Florence,
aged 5 years, survive him.
Rodgers had of late led a rather retired
life. He made a trip around the world in
search of health. He was taken sick at
Willows about two years ago and at that
time his life was despaired of. He after
ward lived in Pasadena for some time,
thinking the climate would benefit him,
but he never succeeded in fully recovering
from the illness contracted at Willows.
Rodgers was the eldest of four sons.
One of his brothers died several years
ago, but the other two, Luther and
Charles Rodgers, are still living. The
former is cashier of the Bank of Mon
terey at Salinas and the latter resides at
the ' old home in Watsonville. Rodgers'
father, James W. Rodgers, died a short
time ago at Watsonville at a ripe old age.
ATTORNEY OF THIS CITY
WHO PASSED AWAY AT AU
BURN.
mourn his loss. Kane is said to.be doing
a hot foot in the direction of St. Louis,
his home, and claims to be signed by the
St. Louis National League Club. Kane
came out here last March and touted
himself as a vender. He proved more of
a goldbrick, however, and never showed
up to advantage untilthe last two weeks,
when his work began to improve a little.
He always was wild and unsteady and
never could be relied upon. He is a small
less and his place can' easily be filled by
Manager Harris.
ADOLPHUS G. RUSS. .one of the
oldest settlers, of San Francisco,
died yesterday at his home. 25
Columbia square. Death was not
unexpected, as his health had
been very poor for the last year. The di
rect cause of death was pleuro pneu
monia.
Deceased leaves five children, three boys
and two girls. He was the' possessor of
a large estate, of which the Russ House,
on Montgomery. street, is a part.
Adolphus G. Russ was born in Germany,
January 19, 1826, and was the eldest son
of Christian Russ, a pioneer, who died in
San Francisco in 1857. Acolphus came to
America with his father and two brothers,
Charles and Augustus, in 1835 and settled
in New York City, where he received his
education and training. In 1846 he and
his father and brothers joined the regi
ment organized by Colonel J. D. Steven-
English schooner yacht Cicely, owned by
Cecil . Quentin, designed to challenge
Emperor William's American built
schooner yacht Meteor. The Cicely was
the first yacht in the race to reach Heligo
land. She was beaten on time allow
ance. She allowed the. Vol au Vent five
and a half hours and the Leander three
and' a half hours.
son, with whom they were acquainted, to
come to California. On September 26,
1846, they left New York in the famous old
ship Loo Choo, arriving in San Francisco
Bay March 26, . 1847. On their coming
ashore they proceeded to the Alcalde's of
fice and bought and paid for three lots,
of fifty varas each, in the sand hills, pay
ing a price of $16 or $17. • At this time
there were not over thirty houses in the
town, and none of them south of Pine
street. Upon the land purchased-by Mr.
Russ now/ stands the famous Russ House.
Mr. Russ also made several ventures in
mining, but was not very successful. In
1851 he was married to Miss Frances Si
mons. They had ten children, five of
whom are deceased. i
In 1868 Mr. Russ was elected to the State
Legislature and served one. term. For
ten years he was a director of the Ger
man Benevolent Society, being president
of the society twice.
Mr. Russ was a Democrat in politics. He
was also an honored member of the Pio
neer Society, and was one of the first or
ganizers of the San Francisco fire depart
ment in 1850, and belonged to the Empire
Company, of which David C. Broderick
was foreman. In 1864 and '65 he was captain
of • the ' State militia. Columbia square
was given to the city by Mr. Russ to be
made a public park. Russ street was
named after him. He was also the presi
dent and founder of the German Hospital.
Mr. Russ' brother, Henry, who is taking
' a vacation at Aetna Springs, has been
notified of the death and will arrive in
the city to-day. ,
GIVES HIS LIFE
FOR A PET DOG
ARTHUR RODGERS. one of the
most prominent and successful
lawyers of the State, died at Au
burn, Placer County, yesterday
afternoon, after a long illness.
Tuberculosis was the direct cause of
death, although Rodgers had long been a
patient sufferer from other ailments. His
death was expected for some time and
the members of his family were with him
when the final summons came.
Arthur Rodgers was born in Tennessee
in 184S. and when but a boy moved with
his parents to California and settled at
Watsonville. He attended the public
«chool there and after finishing his pre
liminary education turnec pedagogue, be
fore taking up the higher branches of
study. He subsequently entered the Uni
versity of California and was graduated
with high honors in 1872. After finishing
the course at Berkeley he pursued the
study of law in the offices of Wright &
Nourse. His natural adaptability and
close attention to study soon brought him
his reward and he was admitted to the
bar in 1S75.
His success as a lawyer was remarkable
from the start. He opened offices for him
self at first, and his ability was soon rec
ognized. In 1886 he became associated
with Cameron H. King, who was at that
time one of the foremost lawyers of the
State. He was associated with King un
til 1S94, when the firm dissolved partner
ship and Rodgers became a partner in the
law firm of Rodgers, Patterson & Slack.
The new firm soon built up one of the
most extensive practices in the State.
Rodgers in political belief was a stanch
Democrat and frequently took a promi
nent part in the conventions of his party.
It was Rodgers who nominated former
Mayor E. B. Pond for Governor at the
convention held at San Jose some twelve
years ago, but Pond was defeated.
Rodgers always took a deep interest in
the affairs of the State University, and in
1£S2 he was appointed a Regent by Gov
ernor Stoneman. He held the position for
several years and did much for the im-
WELL KNOWN PIONEER OF CALI
FORNIA WHO DIED AT HIS
HOME IN THIS CITY,
NEW YORK, June 24.— Sheepshead Bay re
sults :
First race, 2-year-old fillies, five furlongs —
Gold Money won, Ada Nay second, Birch
Broom third. Time. 1:00 3-5.
Second race, handicap hurdle, mil: and three,
quarters, over seven hurdles on the turf — Top
mast won. Big Gun second, Phil Mapleton
third. Time, 3:22.
Third race, 2-year-olds, five and a half fur
longs selling — Soothsayer won. Dramatist sec
ond. 'Right and True third. Time 1:07 3-5.
• Fourth race, Sheepshead Bay handicap, mile
v-Kamara won. Ten Candles second. Morning
slde third. Time, 1:3S 3-5.
Fifth race, for 3-year-old mares, six fur
longs — Josepha won. Sister Juliet second. Par
Excellence third. Time. 1:13 2-5.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth on the
turf selling — Past won, Vltellius second, Mos
keto third. Time, 1:49 3-5.
BUFFALO. N. Y.. June 24. — Fort Erie re
sults:
First race, six furlongs — St. "Wood won.
Ringleader 'second, "Wilfrid Laurier third.
Time, 1:15%. -
Second race, naif-mile — "Woolsack won. "Will
Shield second, Tommy Knight third. Time
:50.
Third race, six and a half furlongs — Young
Henry won. Magnetic second, Cad Hazel third.
Time. 1:20%.
Fourth race, five furlongs^ — Sir Gallant won,
F. G Good second Indian Child third. Time,
1:02%.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Afghan won, Velma
Clark second, Luke Konso third. Time. l:14Va-
Sixth race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Lord Farondale won. Klondyke second,
Cantadas third. Time, 3:03.
CHICAGO, June 24. — Washington Park sum
mary:
First race, mile and seventy yards — Unden
ella won. Rasselas second, Tammany Chief
third. Time. 1:01 2-5.
Second race. 2-year-old colts, five furlongs —
Au Revoir won, Goodman second, Diamente
third. Time, 1:02 2-5.
Third race. Lakeside stakes, for 2-year-olds,
five furlongs — Pluck won. Our Bessie second,
Mary Lavana third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
Fourth race, handicap mile — Articulate won.
Alard second Jim Clarke third. Time, 1:40.
Fifth race six furlongs — Headwater won,
Ed Austin s'econd. Jack Rattlln third. Time.
' Sixth Yace, mile and seventy yards, selling—
Emathlon won. Captain Gaines second. Satin
Coat third. Time 1:44 4-5. .
ST. LOUIS, June 24. — Fair Grounds sum-
m First race, four and a half furlongs — Ed Ball
won, Easy Trade second. Tribes third. Time,
*56
Second race,- six furlonpn-Okla won ; Byrne
of Roscoe second, Taby Tosa third. Time.
l:14?i-
Third race, steeplechase, about one mile and
a half — Sheerwood won. Pat My Boy second.
Porphyogene third. Time, 2:57Vi. .
Fourth race, mile and. seventy yards — Pros
per la Gal won. Omdurman second, Joa Dough
ty third. Time, 1:43%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Tragedy
won, High-Nock-Er second, Lynch third.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, selling — Josle
F won, Audiphone second. Terra Incognita
third. Time. 1:56&.
BUTTE Mont.. June 24. — Results:
First ra'ce, mile — La Calma won. Ned Dennia
second, Romance third. Time, 1:43.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Ben
Led! won, Kastaine second,. Blanche Sheppard
third. Time, 1:08%.
Third race, six furlongs — Parizade won.
Proud second. Budd Wade third. Time. l:13fe.
Fourth race, mile — Hagerdon won. Wolhum
second. Rio Shannon third. Time. 1:40.
• . Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — JerM
won Devereaux second, John Boggs third.
Time. 1:08%.
Sixth race, mile and fifty yards — Fridolin
won Nellie Forest second. La Borgia third.
Time. 1:47.
DENVER, Colo., June 24. — Overland Park
summary :
First race, paclnsr — Polar Wilkes ' won in
straight heats.. Besl time, 2:12%. Jim Ferry.
Daniel J. Stark. Little Girl, Echore and Fritz
also started. Little- Girl was drawn from the
third heat.
Second race. . trotting — Hallle Harden won In
straight heats. Best' time, 2:13%. Purvis T.
Congressman Sibley and Kate Lumry also
started. . •
Third race, seven furlongs — Virgle d'Or won,
Bulgarian second, Yellowstone third. Time
1:30.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Dutch Prlnces3
won, Amoruna second. Captain Rex third.
Time. 1:03.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Antonius won,
Prestonian second,. Gold Baron third. Time
1 :03.
. Sixth race, six furlonars — Laureatea won R.
Q. Ban second. El Rey third. Time, 1:16^.
RACES IN THE EAST.
Young Harrison and some of the heirs
claim that the decedent left a will In
which he made ample provision for the
putative son, but if such is the case it
has never come to light. The property
consists of a large area of farming land,
capital stock of the Bank of Orland and
other corporations and money on deposit.
The estate has been involved in a great
deal qf litigation since Nelson's death,
which' occurred in May; 1900, some of the
suits btlng decided in favor of the estate
and some adversely. Several suits are
still in the courts. Both Mr. and Mrs.
Harrison are still living. .
Walter Harrison's action is brought
under the provisions of section 1661 of tho
Code of Civil Procedure, to establish his
right as sole heir of the estate. The ap
plication is resisted by the 'half brothers
and sister of the deceased.
Young Harrison has compromised with
three of the heirs.
NO WTLI. EVER FOUND.
H. W. C. Nelson was one of tbe early
settlers in this section of the State. He
was the owner of a large farm near Or
land and valuable personal property. In
1874 J. M. Harrison, with his wife and
two children, came to the State and went
to live on the Nelson ranch, Harrison
acting as hired man and his wife doing
the cooking. Harrison devoted his whole
attention to the farm work, giving little
care to dress or personal appearance.
Mrs. Harrison was young and attractive
of form and feature. Nelson was never
married, but was very susceptible to the
charms of the. other sex. He and Mrs.
Harrison were very friendly or, as Har
rison expressed it, they were "like broth
er and sister." The gossip of the neigh
borhood connected the name of Nelson
and Mrs. Harrison frequently.
In 1878 Mrs. Harrison - gave birth t6 a
son, Walter Harrison, the present claim
ant to the Nelson estate. Nelson support
ed the child and treated him as a son,
and finally, in 1895,-it is alleged, acknowl
edged in writing that the boy was his
son. The Harrison family left Nelson's
ranch prior to his death and Nelson took
the boy to live with him. the lad remain
ing on the ranch until Nelson's death.
LIKING FOR HIS COOK.
WILLOWS, June 24.— Fraught with sen
sational features is the suit commenced
to-day before a jury in the Superior
Court of Glenn County, which will decide
whether Walter Harrison is the son of
the late H. W. C. Nelson and entitled to
an estate valued at $125,000. The case is
'unique in that one of the strong points
in favor of the claimant— one which is
; expected to have great weight with the
jury— is his remarkable resemblance to
the late capitalist whose son lie claims to
be. This resemblance is even admitted
by heirs of' Nelson who are resisting
Harrison's contention. Neighbors of the
decedent say that the putative sor. is the
"picture" of his alleged progenitor an«l
that he has all of the characteristics of
the latter. Another interesting feature
of the case is that certain of ihe heirs
regard his claim as just, have taken sides
with him and have given him powers' of
attorney and even deeds. So much bit
terness has been engendered that the le
gal fight will be stubbornly contested and
may drag along for some days.
Ex-Judge Bridgeford of San Francisco,
William Finch and R. S. Clifton are rep
resenting young Harrison and Donohue
and Freeman are counsel for the oppos
ing heirs. ..
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Three Eelatives of the Decedent Join
Forces With Walter Harrison
and Declare His Claim
to Be Just.
This bout was a poor exhibition. Al
though it is said Erne had taken matters
lighthly during His training, he had no
difficulty in disposing of Maloney, who
on several occasions fell without bein^
struck and had to be severely cautioned
bv the referee. Erne did practically au
the scoring and knocked out his opponent
with a left on the jaw.
The attendance at the club was again
small to-night, few Americans being pres
ent. 5 • -
Tommy Ryan of Kansas City defeated
Johnny Gorman of New York in the third
round. These two fighters were in fine
shape. Gorman was seven pounds heav
ier than Ryan. The latter showed greater
steadiness and speed than his opponent
and allowed Gorman to do all the rush
ing. Gorman landed several stiff jab3,
but in the third round Ryan displayed
marked superiority and landed with his
left and- right simultaneously on Gorman's
head. Gorman -was dazed and before he
could recover he received a swinging right
on the jugular and was counted out.
LONDON, June 24.— In the boxing con
tests held to-night at the National Sport
ing Club in connection with the corona
tion sporting tournament Frank Erne of
Buffalo defeated Jim Maloney of England
in the seventh round.
Neighbors Say Alleged Heir
is the "Picture" of Late
Capitalist
Tommy Ryan Easily Disposes
of Johnny Gorman in
England.
Putative Son Striving for
H. W. C. Nelson's
Estate.
Knocks Out His Oppo
nent After Seven
Slow Rounds.
RESEMBLANCE
TO DEAD MAY
WIN WEALTH
ERNE, THE BOXER,
BEATS MALONEY
Former Regent of the University of California and One of
the Most Distinguished and Successful Attorneys of the
State Passes Away at Auburn Surrounded by His Family
ARTHUR RODGERS DIES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
PIONEER OF 1846 JOINS
ARGONAUTS GONE BEFORE
Adolphus G. Russ, Capitalist arid Owner of Hotel on Mont
gomery Street Bearing, His Name and Site for Which He
Paid a Few Dollars Many Years Ago, Dies at His Home
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THe World's |
Cure f° r 1 4
IMMEDIATELY S]
XJ P O N []
ARISING
: DrinK One-Half |
Tu.xnl»le**ftil of H
Natural Laxative Mineral Water. rj
When baying be sure |
and ask for LI
Htinyadi JANOS |
(FULL NAME). U
If yoti asK simply for 1
Hunyadi Wateryou |
may be imposed upon. |
u/ong woO)
KSS3&W CHINESE TEA AND
i "W HERB SANITARIUM.
.L» J 764-C6 Clay St.. 8. F.. Cal.
PL; 9 BERKELEY. Cal.. June 3.
—XwidEK. i>r. "Wong "Woo — Dear
Sir: With pleasure I tea-
V^A^ji''' T i?y tlfy to your marvelous
/ffTOSI^ 8ki * n and knowledge, hav-
Inff been a great sufferer from rheumatism
[of-morfthaV/our years
incurable by several physicians, I was per-
suaded to try your remedies. Four months,'
treatment re7ulfed in a complete cure, and a
gala in weight of seventy pounds. I attribute
my eood health entirely to *our medicine^ Cor-
dially yours, MRS. N. J. ABBOTT, i\— Len-
te AU tre aiseases cured exclusively by Chines*
herbs over 3000 varieties being used. Hours
9:S0 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to ft p. m.
OCEAN ST JEf^55f|;:
pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave San Fran-
tfflfc cisco as follows:
VgEStit, Fc ,r Ketchikan. Junea-;.
' tS&5SlV^ 5" 10, 15. Change to rom-
» raNsSSsKai pW >s » t(iamer3 at Seattl(V
1^*mSts8Bm For Victoria. \ ancouver,
1 Port Townsenrt, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Kverett. Whatcom-.
Ham June 15 20. 25. V\ July 5 10. 15.
CTawfat Seattle "to this Company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
C °fT Ku^a I -
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursday 9 a. m
For L03 Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Earbara Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Hartford (San
Luis Obispo). Verrfura. Hueneme and 'Newport
(•Corona only). _i'-,V« . ,»
Corona. June 19, 27, July 5; 13
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., June 15. 23. July 1. 9,
B °For a Ensenada, Magdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain rolaer.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
'"tTCT^W Ofc'KICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
C D DUNAXN*. Gen. Pass. Agt..
10 Market st. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
' FOR ..; .._; . .
LEAVE SEATTLE :
SENATOR , » **• **.. JTTT/r t
VALENCIA ...] » P. M.. JULY 18
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamship CITY OF PUEBLA. leaving San
Francisco June 25 and July 10. will connect
with above steamers. The new and elegant
steamships Senator and Valencia made regular
trips to Nome last year, landing all passengers
and freight' without loss, mishap or delay. For
passenger rates and Nome folder, af.ply
TICKET OFFICE. •* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
C. D. DUN ANN. Gen. Pass. Agt..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O.R.&N. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE Tv
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to V.I
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, it
IiOTOBST B.ATSS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 22. July 2. 12. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27, July 7. 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear-st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mons'y.S.P.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling st
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai ani
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on da/
of catling.
BS. HONGKONG MARU .-
Saturday. June 23, 190J
ES. NIPPON MARU Thursday. July 24, 1DDJ
BS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. August 18w 19C3
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelzht and passage apply at company's ofSce.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Yapon?
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA July lfGUATEMALA...Aug 9
PERU July 23 COLOMBIA Aug. 15
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California st.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
oceanics.s.eo,niii r
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. .. .Thursday. July 3. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
•. : Saturday. July 12, 2 p. ta.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
•. Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
I r. shekels & bros. CO., Gsisrai Aits., 329Marir:
WlPass. OSes. 643 Matat si, Pier Ha. 7. Pacifc li
COMPAGNIS 6EKSSAL5 TSASSATLANTIViS.
tlKhff LINK IO HA VRK-rAKlA. -_„
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., irom Pier 42, JSMiT'M
Nona Klver. foot of Mo'rtoa street.
¦ First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $4.1 and upward. GENERA U
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Nsw
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pactno Coait
Agents. B Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets Mold by all Ralload Tlck»t Agent*.
AMERICAN LIXE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Kenslng'n.July 1, 2 pmlPhila July 9 10 am
St. Louts. July 2. 10 anil St. PauUJuly 16. 10 am
USD STAR LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Zeelantl. ..July 5. noonlVaderl'd. July 19. noon
Frlesland.July 12. noonlKroonl'd. July 28. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
• CHA9. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C.r,!) Montgom'y st.
EAY^ANT>RiVE» STE/JMERS.
FOR U. S. NAYY YARD AMD VALLEJO,
; Lteamers GEN. FRISBIS or MOSTICfiLLO
, »:45 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sua-
i $*',; , Sund »y. »:*5 •• m.. 8:30 p. m. Lmvm
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. * p» m.. excep)
I Punday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far* M
I c ' nts - Telephone Main 1303. Landing aad
' BROS. PUr MlMlon -« trMt iaQk - HATOI
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
©oeoo©oo©©a©e«e©©®Gi©©o©oo03«'DOO©©oo©ooooe®oooooo©e©©Qooo«o©oo©oooo3o
©r : — : : — ; ; ; <JO
I BREAKINQ BACKS j
% JmBRsfestt*— * FR.ANCISCO. §
S fi) iif^iil^td Backs that are bewad dow.i with palji and suffeiing — backs that §
S jH^^fe^^p^^^^ Bei , n £ cur e d every day-being made strong and wall — Never a S
| |^^^^fer--J^y\' ra&r failure — Hundreds of San Francisco pecple say so. g
i T^Sfc^ DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS I
S I J^y^z^mS^^^M^L ™ e litlle cont|usn}rs of Kidn3 J i! s don ' 1 know wiiat jt is t0 fa •¦ o
§ Curs evary kind of kid ey ill— backache, Irmi back, urinary %
S Want pro ° ? Read w ata San rran3isco wm?n S3yi : S
O ' =:^ :::^^^~^/^A!^/V^^^^^^^^h^ rs " Patrick Reardon (Patrick Rcardon, contractor for O
O VJHBliia&SsgS: sewers, etc., residence 319 Hayes street), says: "Before I $
2 t \y^-^->yy\//^^^\, . Tiy went to the Owl Drug Store, 1128 Market street, for Doan's 2
2 P>S^--C^V^^^^^2k^-. "" Kidnev Pills - I na^ exhausted all my knowledge of ordinary m
O ' household makeshifts and tried remedy after remedy ©
!O >>\l V guaranteed to cure attacks of backache, but I was unsuccess- O
!• l^Sj^^^-z^Js^^ ful in procuring anything to give lasting relief. My back •
• "X_^- —^g^r^T — ff'WtfylY \ \ ached sometimes so severely that I could not rise from a ©
O ' ivZ^ V ? ha5r ioT l lour ? at a time » and wlien in tnis condition it was •
g :- — -r ==^^^W^miK A . ust as P ainflll 'to move around. Doan's Kidney PiH 3 a bso- S
tf\fc ' ¦*¦¦¦¦ ¦ - -¦¦•..- VI
I~fY\ — " DR - TALCOTT & CO.—
ft I With unbounded confidence in our ability,
*^^ro>L wc nave a dopted the plan
Not to Ask for a Dollar
fWJJ Until a Cure Is Effected.
* . " This we mean emphatically.
I14U, Special attention given to Varicocele, Contagious
Market Blood Diseases and Acute and Chronic Urethral
q. . and Prostatic Inflammation. Consultation free and
» OLPceij n o charge whatever for treatment of any case in
Opposite which' cure is not effected. ' Colored chart of the or-'
Hate's. gans and Diagnosis Blank sent free on application.
'——MEN ONLY— -».. MARYSVILLE, June .24.— iiie com
¦mencement 1 exercises of tiei College of
Notre Dame will be hfc.a to-morrow, be
ginning at 9:30 o'clock in the morning.
Notre Dame Commencement.
Low. Excursion Rates— 11 Days' Trin.
$40 first-class, including berth*, and
meals, San Francisco to Seattle, Tacoma,
Vancouver, Victoria, Everett, New What
com and return, allowing passengers am
ple to , go -ashore, and .visit ¦-the va
rious points of interest? For full Informa
tion apply Pacific Coast Steamship Compa
ny's ticket office, 4 New Montgomery st.
LOS ANGELES, June 24.— Charles Mor
rison, a brakeman in the employ of the
Southern Pacific, whose home is in East
Los Angeles, fell from his train and was
killed under the wheels last night near
Beaumont. Morrison was married and
leaves a family. He served in t«.e Phil
ippines and since his return -as had em
ployment with the Southern Pacific.
Brakeman Loses His Life.
Tuesday. June 24. .
Stmr Brooklyn, HIgglns, 14 hours from Lit
tle River,. via Point Arena '11 hours; bound
south; put in to land passengers. . ¦ .¦
Fr bark Marguerite Mirabaud, Beauregard,
138 days from Antwerp.
Bktn W H Dlmond. Hansen, 20 days from
Honolulu. - -
Schr ¦ Una, Harklns, 10 days from. Port '
Blakeley. . ¦
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 24.
¦ Stmr Redwood City,' Moe, ¦ . - ' :
SPOKEN. '
; Per Fr bark Martruerlte Mirabaud— Feb 23,
lat 26 26 N, Ion. 23 IS W, a 3-masted bark
showing letters J B N C, 20. days out from
Rotterdam for Barbados. March '11, lat 2 48
S, Ion 28 54- W, Ger bark Sirene.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed June 24 — Bark Pal
myra, for Algoa Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed inward June 24
— Br stmr/Askehall, from Talcahuano.
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived June 24— Br stmr
Empress oi China, from Hongkong; ship Glory
of the Seas, . hence June 7; Br stmr Princess
May, : from Skagway; stmr Si>okane. from
Nome, ¦ ¦ . , . .
OCEAN STEAMERS. ' .
BREMEN— Arrived June 24— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, from New York, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived. June 24— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from New York, for Cherbourg
and Hamburg, and proceeded.
- BOULOGNE-SUR-MER— Arrived June 24—
Stmr Rotterdam, from New York, , for Rotter
dam, and proceeded.
I/ate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
, Frltsch Is himself a steamship owner,
having an interest In the Homer and sev
eral other vessels. He also has extensive
mining interests in the north. In the pub
lished lists the name is given as Homer
Frlbh. • •
PETAL-TJMA, June 24.— Homer Frltsch.
son of George Frltsch, the San Francisco
coal merchant and himself a member of
the coal firm, is one of the passengers on
the steamer Portland, which is drifting
with an Icepack toward the Arctic.
Frltsch's wife, who was a Petaluma lady
before her. marriage, a daughter of Judge
Lippitt, is now here with her parents.
She is greatly worried over her hus
band's danger. When Frltsch left San
Francisco he said he might leave the
steamer at Unalaska, but the absence of
all word makes Mrs. Frltsch positive that
he Is still aboard the Portland, t
ing With Luckless Vessel
Toward the Arctic.
San Francisco Coal Merchant Drift-
HOMER FRITSCH AMONG
THOSE ON THE PORTLAND
Resolved, That a committee of. three, to. be
appointed by the chair, Is hereby directed ;.ip
wait upon the Board of Supervisors 'of the city
and county and convey this resolution' to them.
. The resolution will bo presented "to the
Board of Supervisors. to r morrow.
Ex-Supervisor Charles Wesley Reed
addressed Division No. 205 of the Amal
gamated Association of Street Railroad
Employes of America at their meeting
last night at the Turk-street Temple.
Mr. Reed was introduced by Richard
Cornelius and spoke on "Municipal Owner
ship and Public Utilities," particularly
touching on the Geary-street road.
Mr. Reed said it was of vital moment
that the. municipal road should extend to
the ferries and to the ocean and that a
cross-town line, running from the Pre
sidio, on Chestnut street to Pierce and
thence to Vallejo to Franklin,
across Market to Eleventh and thence to
the Potrero, should be Included, and. It
was therefore necessary to bring-pres
sure-on the Supervisors to include the ex
tension of the proposed Geary -street roatf.
In case, they refused to do t*iis there still
remained a right of petition under the
charter, which would compel the Super
visors to submit the requirements" of the
proposed road to the people for decision.
Another important point that Mr. Reed
made manifest was, tiiat the present
street railroad corporations have-applled
for franchises for street railways on near
ly all the unoccupied streets In the north
ern part of the city. • *¦- ..
. Mr.. Reed then offered this resolution,
which was unanimously adopted :' 7 ."•>-
Resolved, That the application of the United
Railways Company, the California.Street-R-all
'way Company and the Presidio and' Ferries
Railway Company for franchises for 'street
railways, now on file before the Supervisors,
should all be refused; and be It further — ¦ .
ship and Public Utilities.
Association on municipal Owner-
C. W. Reed Addresses Amalgamated
WILLOWS, June 24.— Because of a
dearth of labor the growers of this coun
ty are losing much of their crops. Irr one
orchard it is reported twenty tons of ap
ricots are spoiling on the trees. High
wages are offered, but still workmen can
not be found.
Fruit Rotting on Trees.
SUES DAVIS-STREET FIRM
FOR A BREACH OF IiEASS
Suit was commenced' in the Superior
Court yesterday against Wheaton, Pond
& Harrold by J. A. Folger to recover
$1320 damages for alleged breach of cove
nants of lease. . . /
The defendants are the lessees of Ellen
Folder and rented the property on the
east side of Davis street, between Cali
fornia and Sacramento streets, for a pe
riod of ten years, from March 28, 1896, at
a monthly rental of $460. This lease was
subsequently assigned by C. E*. Whitney
& Co. to Wheaton, Pond & Harrold, who
undertook and agreed to perform all of
its obligations.
It was stipulated in the lease that
Wheaton. Pond & Harrold were to make
all necessary repairs to the premises dur
ing the period of the lease. In January
last certain repairs were necessary and
Wheaton, Pond~& Harrold, it is alleged,
would neither perform their obligation by
having them done nor pay for them. Mrs.
Polger alleges Folge'r had the work done
and settled the bill as well. She claims
that the defendants, Wheaton, Pond &
Harrold, repudiated their obligation and
declined to abide by their written con
tract. The amount of the claim has been
assigned to J. A. Folger, who has com
menced the action. Folger is represented
by Stratton & Kaufman.
Saracco's Case on Trial.
The trial of Jerome Saracco on a charge
of criminal assault upon his stepdaugh
ter, Madge Graham, who was a friend
cf the murdered girl,- Nora Fuller, was
commenced before a jury in Judge Law
lor'b court yesterday, v The evidence for
the prosecution and defense was heard.
The arguments of counsel will be pro
ceeded with this morning and the case
given to the jury. The alleged offense
was committed April 7.
Boy Run Over by a Wagon.
Arthur Hunter, aged 11 years, residing
at 1119 Folsom street, was jumping ( on
end off an Ice wagon yesterday, when he
was knocked down by a- passing vehicle,
the wheels of which ran over his left
leg, breaking it. ,
SAN JOSEi June 24.— The visiting Turn
ers who attended the Bezirk turnfest
were the guests of San Jose Turn Verein
to-day. There were a number of excur
sions, about the county and a picnic at
Alum Rock. Many left for their homes
oil the early trains, but a large\ number
attended the picnic, many t6o« a ride
about the county and visited Los Gatos
and Saratoga, and others went to Mount
Hamilton. . : £¦
/The following Is a full list of the prizes
awarded:
All around apparatus and field contests
High grade — P. Attlnger, San Francisco Turn
Verein; G. Hotof, Elntracht Turn Section;
l/ouls Scheppler, Elntracht Turning Section.
¦ Secpnd grade — F. Strurver, S. F.T. V. • Carl
Trbst, S. F. T. V.; Charles Kummerla'ender.
E. T. S. Lower grade — J. R. Hammond. S. F.
T. V.; E.-Trost, S. F. T. V.; Karl Schiellng,
S...F. T. .V. .• Senior. -gfade-r-A. -F. SchunD°rt
S.F.'.T, V.' ..¦.-.•. .:•.'¦• ¦ '
» Apparatus exercise— High grade— F. Attlng
er.#S.vF. T. v: - Second grade— Charles Kum
mdrlsender, E.'-.T. S.' -Lower- 'grade — L' B
Hammond,'- S. F; TrV.-- ¦ .
.-¦ .Field • exercises— First group — F. Attlnger S
F.-T.>;V.;.\Y.Helnlcke and L. Scheppler. Sec
ond ' group 1 — L_ Scheppler, E. T. S. ; E. Schep
plcr.vE. T.' S. ;. W. Heinlcke, E. T. S. Third
ffro,up^-J. Baumeartner, S. F. T. V.; L. Schep
pler, B. T. S. ; E. Scheppler, E. T. S.
Fenctng-^-First-i-F. Zecher,'. S. f. T.'V*
ChtrleS- Steinheck,- Qakland Turn -Vereln. ' '
> Club swinging — Louis Hltj?,S. F. T. V' di
ploma, of .honor. , • ¦ • • '
a Literary work— Hans Goetz, S. F. T V
i Singing — Oakland- Turn "Vereln first, San
Jose- second. ' . *.¦ - 'i
Shooting— First— J. G. McMillan, San Jose-
Charles Peach, San Francisco.-. , .
Wrestling — Heavy-weight — Charles Stein
beck, O. T*. V. ; middle-weight— Paul Sauer E'
T. S.;;lightwelghtr-Flrst, Chris Qoltzene' e'
T. S. ;- second, Carl Trost, S. F. ,T. V. ir.
Far high • jump— -W, Helnlcke, E. T. S • ¦ i,
Scheppler, E. ; T. S. ' < . '.'
• Hop, ' skip .'and jump — L; , Scheppler, E. T • S •
W. HelnlcUe; K. T. S. '¦. '
Fast- climbing — F. Attlnger, S. F. T V • «> '
Struven. S. F. T. V. . ' °\
.Pole vault — L. Scheppler, E. T. S.; E. Schep
; .Weight. 100 pounds— William Helnlcke E *T
S. : L. Scheppler. E; T. S. ' ¦' • '
" • Hunnlng — L. Scheppler, E. T. S. : E Schen
pier, ;Ev T. ' S. . . ¦ . v
Home Awards Won in
Competition. ;
List of the . Athletes Who Carried
TURNERS WHO TRIUMPHED
JN THE SAN JOSE CONTESTS
Schoeffel had quite a pile of baggago
and the Inspectors went through every
package of it.
The lieutenant, ¦with five enlisted men
t>* help him, rendered the inspectors
every assistance, and long before tho
heavy '.task was completed had so won
the Government searchers that they al
most regretted having found the jades.
A. Hesse of the Hospital Corps had
two jade tablets in his possession. He
had bought them, he said, from a Rus
sian soldier.
These tablets, with the Schoeffel collec
tion, were taken in charge by" ' Deputy
Surveyor Chauncey M. St. John and they
will be held pending instructions from
Washington. It is supposed that the seals
and tablets form part of the Imperial
records, and If such prove to be the case
back they will go to China.
The customs Inspectors are also look-
Ing for a gold Bible said to have been
taken from the sacred city, and supposed
to be on its way to America. The exist
ence of such a treasure is doubted by
many, but when Schoeftel's' baggage
pioved so rich in relics, and the fact was
reported to St. John, he gave orders to
search Schoeffel's baggage till the gold
Bible showed up.
Schoeffel Is popular among his .brother
officers. He was in many engagements
and on three different occasions bullets
passed through his clothing. His brother,
Captain Schoeffel, also of the Ninth, was
wounded in Samar and passed through
here some time ago on sick leave. '
Both sergeants were asked very much
the same questions as their predecessors,
namely, whether they knew of any cor
ruption on the police force, and both in
their turn replied that they neither knew
nor had ever heard of any such practices.
The Grand Jury received a letter yes
terday from the Examiner in which it
stated that the paper was not yet ready
to . proceed with the charges.
The inquisitorial body adjourned shortly
after 4 o'clock and will meet for further
consideration of the charges on Tuesday,
July 1.
At the close of Chief Wittman's exam
ination all the captains and sergeants
were excused, with the exception of Ser
geants Conboy and Shaw. Conboy has
been for months in charge of the China
town equad and Shaw recently succeeded
him.
Chief Wittman stated that the Grand
Jury had spoken with him on general
matters. He was asked if he knew of any
corruption on the police force. The Chief
replied. "Certainly not, nothing of the
kind; if there had been I would have re
ported it." Chief Wittman asked, "Why
don't they bring up these people who
have made these charges? We are here."
Mr. tNewhall said that if bribes had been
accepted by any member of the Police
Department, he would help the Grand
Jury all he could to punish the offenders,
but that so far no such reports had
reached his ears.
Commissioner Newhall was called first
and was with the Grand Jury for only a
few minutes. He was followed by Com
missioner Howell. and he in his turn by
Chief Wittman. The main question asked
each of these was whether they knew of
any corrupt practices In the Police. De
partment, and in each case the answer
was in the negative.
Subpenas had been issued for Commis
sioners Newhall and Howell, Chief Witt
man, Captains Dunleavy, Spillane and
Birdsall and Sergeants O'Connor, Burnett.
Shaw, Conboy and Donovan, and at 2
o'clock all were present. . *
The Grand Jury went into session yes
terday afternoon to consider the charges
recently made by the Examiner of cor
rupt practices on the police force.
amined — Accusers Are Not Ready
¦ to Produce Evidence.
Police Commissioners and Chief Ex-
GRAND JURY^TAKES ,; .
UP BRIBERY CHARGES
ARMY OFFICER IN WHOSE
BAGGAGE WERE FOUND
PRICELESS JADES.
HALLWAY EMPLOYES FAVOR
REFUSAL OF FRANCHISES
WHEN the ¦ customs - inspectors
searched the, baggage brought
home on the Hancock by the
Ninth Infantry, they found
evidences of that regiment's
visit to China. When the baggage of Com
pany M was gone through it was seen
that the famous Ninth had been "Johnny
on the spot" In the sacred city, and .ha-i
brought away as souvenirs famous relics
for which the* Chinese Government has*
been searching ever since peace was re- .
stored. To First Lieutenant J. P: Schoef- .
fel of Company M belongs the credit of
bringing to America the finest collection
of Jade, that ever left China. This was
discovered by Custom-house men yester
day.
When the customs inspectors found it
they said "loot."' When- Schoeffel saw it
he said: "Yes, it's mine. How'd ye find .
It. Cost me $50. Loot? Not on your life.
Got it from a Chino, who told me that if
he. was known as a party to the sale, off ,
would go his head. Had to save the fel
low's head, so kept quiet about, it."
TABLETS AND SEALS.
Schoeffel's contraband consists of ten
jade tablets covered with Inscriptions
said »o be full of meaning to the patriotic
Chinese and forming part, it is also said,
of the records of the Emperor's ances
tors, and five seals. Each seal weighs
about five pounds and Hs surmounted by
an elaborately caryed animal form that
may represent dragon life in tha Orient.
The fact that Schoeffel had this collec
tion of jades in his possession was known
to a number of men in the regiment and
somebody whispered to the custom-house
i Inspectors. Schoeffel's baggage was care
fully searched, but nothing was tound. It
was searched again and yielded nothing
but a few cigars. Inspector Victor J.
Lindquist, -who had heard the whisper,
made a third search and found the jades.
They were stowed away with the prop
erty of Compny M. They were at. the
very bottom df a deep, narrow box, care
fully wrapped in the folds of an army
! tent. Lieutenant Schoeffel at once ac
' knowledged the ownership and, to save
the Inspectors further trouble, he said,
shewed them where he had packed the
remainder of the jades.
Fred Brown, an Oakland Student,
Drops Off Perry-Boat and Keeps
Afloat Until Rescued.
OAKLAND, June 24.— After being hit by
the paddle wheel of a ferry-boat and hav
ing his leg almost broken, Fred Brown,
the second son of Albert Brown, the
undertaker, made half an hour's fight for
life In the waters of San Francisco Bay
this morning and was rescued just as ha
was sinking. The boy, who la but IS
years of age, lost his balance In an effort
to catch his hat, which had been blown
from his head, and fell into ther water
from the forward lower deck of the ferry
steamer Bay City.
Mr. and Mrs. Brown and their two
sons, Albert J. and Fred, went to San
Francisco this morning on the 9:13 trip'
on the narrow gauge route. Fred and
his father remained on the lower deck
and went forward with a friend by the
name of Pomroy, while Mrs. Brown and
the elder son went upstairs into the ladies'
cabin. Fred seated himself on the chain
box near the railing, while Mr. Brown
and Mr. Pomroy leaned on the box. chat
ting. Suddenly a gust of wind caught the
boy's hat and in clutching for it he went
overboard.
The alarm was given at once and Cap
tain Leale stopped the boat and ordered
a small boat lowered.
Young Brown was swept astern^iy %
swift tide. Some on the boat thought
that he had been carried into the wheel
and had met Instant- death, but a mo
ment later he was seen manfully swim
ming.
The boat from the ferry steamer picked
him up. It was found that he had mado
his long, hard swim with his leg ail but
broken where he had been struck by one
of the blades of the paddle. He was taken
to the Harbor Emergency Hospital In San
Francisco and treated and this evening
was brought to his home in this city.
"The boy lost his hat and. in trying to
save It fell overboard," said Mr. Brown.
"If he bad not been a strong swimmer
he could not have been saved, but the
wonder is that he could swim after the
injury he received from the wheel."
PORTLAND, June 24.— All the employes
of the Portland City and Oregon Railroad,
numbering 270, struck to-day. Their
grievance is against Superintendent W.
Tiffany and Dispatcher A. L. Stuart, who,
they say, are "obnoxious to the employes
and to organized labor." The. Portland
City and Oregon Railway Is a trolley lin*
running between Portland and Oregon
City.
Trolley Car Crews Strike.
OAKLAND, June 24.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Harry M, Thomp
son, aged 27, Dos Palos, and Laura Gil
bert, 18, Holllster; Sam Kee, 40, Berke
ley, and Guay Gue, 24, San Francisco;
Ephralm Dann, 60. Sacramento, and Mrs.
Katie Dyer, 45, Isleton; John B. Reeves»
21, San Francisco, and Marian Schacht.
ID, Los Angeles; Frank C. Harvey, 2o.
and Henrietta Kelly. 22, both of Alam*
da: Robert S. Abernethy, 27, West Point,
and Fenn L. Wheeler, 20, Alameda.
Licensed to Marry.
"FATHER OF ARIZONA"
PASSES TO THE BEYOND
Charles D. Poston Is Found Dead in
an Alley Near Sis Home in
Phoenix.
PHOENIX. Ariz., June 24.-Colonel
Charles D. Poston died suddenly to-day.
He was found dead by a policeman In an
alley near his rooms, where he probably
had been stricken with heart trouble,
brought on by the excessive heat, which
taxed the strength of his advanced years.
Poston was -born in Hardin County,
Kentucky, in 1S25, and was known as "the
father of Arizona,"? having come here
first In 1854. He went East In 1S55, and In
ISotf returned with capital for working
silver mines. At the outbreak of the Civil
\Var military protection was withdrawn
and the mines abandoned. In 1S63 Presi
dent Lincoln appointed him -Superintend
ent of Indian Affairs in Arizona, and on
the organization of the territorial gov
ernment he was its first Delegate to Con
gress.
Colonel Poston had traveled all over
tho world, and was connected with the
London and New York press at various
times. He visited China on the commis
sion of Secretary Seward in the interest
of irrigation and immigration, and was
the bearer of dispatches from the Chinese
Embassy to the Emperor of China. He
was at different times Register of the
Land Office In Tucson, Collector of Cus
toms in Nogales and military agent in El
Paso. He had lived in Phoenix for tha
last twelve years.
The wife of Major Pope, who died on
the Pacific Ocean while- accompanying
the remains of her husband home from
Manila, was his daughter. ¦.¦•*: ¦
CAPTAIN PINAL DIES
, ATA WOMAN'S HANDS
TUCSON, Ariz., June 24.-Captaln Au
rello Pinal, chief of the national troops
stationed at Hermosillo during the Yaqul
rising:, Was shot and killed on Sunday
morning at .2 o'clock In the Tula Caro
saloon in Herm6sillo by Dorothy Mexia,
better known as "Tello," the most no
torious woman in Sonora. Pinal was a
respected, officer and was only recently
raised to the high position he held by
Governor Isabel. He was formerly a res
ident of "El Paso. Tex., having gone there
on leaving the Mexican army. When the
Yaqui rising began he went to Hermosillo
and was placed in command of the troops.
He took with him his wiie and children.
The ¦ entire population of Hermosillo was
shocked to learn of his violent death.
Tello, the woman- who • shot him. has
killed several other men In Sonora, but
always managed to escape the clutches
of the law. On Sunday night she drove
up the Tula Caro In a carriage with Final.
At. the door of the .wine hall. they.quar
reled, hot words were exchanged and
Tello drew a pistol and killed Pinal. The
woman was at once arrested and the
Tula Caro, which Is; the best known gam
bling and wine hall in Sonora; has been
closed. The affair has caused a sensation
In the high society of Hermosillo.
THREE PECULIAR DEATHS
IN SAN MATEO COUNTY
SAN MATEO. June 24.— An unknown
man, apparently about 55 years of age,
was found hanging to a tree on the East
on place,' near Mlllbrae, yesterday. He was
weft dressed, but no papers were found
upon him whereby he could be Identified.
He wore a black coat and waistcoat and
striped trousers, the suit having been
made in Stockton. The body is now in the
morgue in Redwood City awaiting identi
fication.
This morning the lifeless body of Rosa
Ross, an old resident of this place, was
found In a culvert along side the railroad
track, a mile south of this city. Evident
ly the woman had been walking on the
track, and, 'to avoid a passing train, had
stepp.ed aside, falling into a culvert and
breaking her neck. She was about 60
years old. Two nephews, named Flynn,
reside In San Francisco.
Lat« this afternoon the body of an.un-.
known man was found In a hayneld near
the Sixteen Mile House, above Mlllbrae.
He had been dead several dax» ¦ . -~ t
SWIMS, THOUGH DISABLED,
TILL BOAT BEACHES HIM
Oregon— Cyrus C. Pratt, assignor one
half to T. Holland, Portland, ore sep
arator.
Washington— Thomas C. McLin, as
signor to himself and G. Hunter, Seattle,
letter ' box; Joseph Woerdl, Frances,
washing machine.
The following patents were issued to
day; California— Walter J.' Bell, assignor
one-half to L. F. Moss, Los Angele-J,
street railway switch; Harry A. Clark,
assignor one-half to J. E. Daly, San
Francisco, . bottle-stopper attachment;
Lozelle F. Graham, San Jose, railway In
dicator; George W. Haines, assignor to
Houser & Haines Manufacturing Com
pany, Stockton, threshing machine: Ira
G. Hoag, Los Angeles, train order re
ceiving box; John M. Holloway. assignor
to M. E. Holloway, Santa Barbara, mor
tar bed; Thomas J. Hubbell, assignor to
H. C. Norris, C. E. Norton and D. Hub
bell, Los Angeles, thill-' coupling; Fred
crick M. Johnson, assignor to Rose Gold
Reclamation Company, San Francisco,
sluice box; Louis H. Knoche, San Jose,
bicycle stand; Robert T. Lawless, Ala
meda, stellar compass and great circle
course projector; William L. Leland, Sis
son, log turner; Florence M. . Nace, San
Francisco, calendar; Theodore F. White,
Chino, road oiling machine.
WASHINGTON, June 23.— Postmasters
appointed: California— J. H. Stephens,
Keyes. Kern County; C. A. Griffin,
Tuolumne, Tuolumne County. Postofflce
established, Washington— Hall, Pierce
County. >s
These pensions were issued to-day: Or
iginal—Ira Merrill, Eureka, $12; Lawson
W. Spielman. Anaheim, $6. War with
Spain— Charles H. Brown, Los Ariseles,
$14. Increase— Charles G. Bates, Nafe, ?S.
Widow— Hannah A. Darling, Azusa, $8.
Oregon: Increase— Francis A. Haines,
Hillsboro, $12; Silas Russell, Jasper, $10;
Samuel E. Hardcastle (dead), Woodburn,
$12. .Widow— Harriet Hardcastle, Wood
bum, $8.
Washington: Original— Joseph Goakey,
Kettle Falls, $8. Increase— George W.
Cleveland, Little Rock, $12; John E. Mor
gan, North Yakima, $8. .
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The Postof
flce Department to-day announced: Post
office name changed: California— Howard
Semmlt, Los Angeles County, to Loma
Vista. Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—Alfred G. Lucas, Loma Vista;
Washington — Kendrick S. Waterman,
Lone Lake. Appointed: California— M.
I. Murphy, Repressa, Sacramento County,
vice B. F. Smith, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Widows—Ellen Rogers," San Diego,
J8: Anna M. Myers, Colusa, $8; Helen F.
Lasher, Monterey, $25; Lucy A. Powel
son, Oakland, $S; Syren Goodwin. Chico,
$S; Elizabeth Adams, Avalon, Catallna
Island, $8. "
Oregon: Original (war with Spain) —
John H. Turpini' Waterloo, $6; Peter Frld
rickson, Ju'ntura, $8."
Washington: Original— James L. Dish
op,- New Whatcom, $6. Increase— Charles
Mullen, Tacoma; $S; Thomas Adama, Se
attle, $6; Evan W. Lloyd, Spokane, $10;
Samuel H. Richey, Daisy, $12. War with
Spain— Gerald W. Pitcher. Colfax, $10.
The following army orders. were issued:
The following officers now at San Fran
cisco, are • relieved, from duty on the
staff of Major General Lloyd Wheaton
(about to be retired), and will join their
regiments: Captain Frank D. Webster,
Twentieth Infantry; Captain Charles R.
Howland, Twenty-first Infantry; Captain
Louis H. Bash, Seventh Infantry. Cap
tain Robert S. Woodson, assistant sur
geon, and Contract Surgeon Frank K.
Thompson, now at San Francisco, are
ordered to duty with the Ninth Infantry.
William Elliott, commissary, now at San
Francisco, will go to St. Louis, and Con
tract Surgeon George J. Fanning, now at
San Francisco, to Fort Huachuca, Ariz.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF. INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Afterward the mother wandered away
a sad plight. Her unbalanced condition.
It is thought, will be further aggravated
ty the loss of the children and bring
about her condemnation to an asylum.
Mrs. Dixon, who ha3 been living amid
squalor and starvation in one bare room
on lower Seventh street, was brought be
fore Judge Melvin on a writ of habeas
corpus. She is weak mentally, and Mrs.
Eliza Swift of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children found it
necessary to get the custody of the chil
dren a while ago.
When Judge Melvin 'ordered the chil
dren into Mrs. Swift's custody and th<s
6fncers went to take them away tha
mother clasped them tightly to her bos
em and screamed. The officers took tha
children from her by force and held her
in a chair until they were taken to a
buggy that conveyed them, to a Frultvale
family that has agreed to give them a
heme.
Screaming at the top of her voice and
clinging frantically to her two youn*
children, Mrs. Edith Dixon was the cen
ter of a pitying group of spectators this
n'ornlng in Judge Melvin's court. Tha
children, one 7 years old and tha other
14 months, did not want to leave their
mother, and their pleas for "mamma"
rent every heart.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. June 24.
The convention will resume Its sessions
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock. Among
the speakers will be Edward F. Adams.
OAKLAND, June 24.— The thjrd annual
convention of the Pacific. Coast Co-opera
tive Union was opened this morning at
Hamilton Hall, Thirteenth and Clay
streets, President D. T. Fowler of the
University of California in the chair.
Delegates from various sections of the
State were in attendance. W. R. Johnson
was elected secretary! President '.- Fowler
appointed the following committees:
Credentials— C. Y. Roop, W. J. Thompson,
H. H. Miner; resolutions— W. J. Thomp
son, C. S. Harvey, Judge B. G. Hurlburt.
During his opening address on the rec
ords of grdwth of co-operation in Califor
nia, President Fowler said j there were
now in operation, : as one result: of. the
movement, more than fifty Rochdale co
operative stores, all , strong, and flourish-
Ing. Efforts to organize the fruit growers
and grain growers on a co-operative basis
were flourishing. A monthly journal
had been started with a large circulation.
During the afternoon, George W. r Pierce,
president of the Grain Growers' Associa
tion, A. H. Naf tzger, president ' of the
Southern California . Fruit Exchange;
Judge B. G. Hurlburt of the Cured Fruit
Association, and Vice President Sprague
of the Fresh Fruit Association, gave ad
dresses on the 'methods of- these organ
izations. A letter was read from J. N.
Woods, president of the Raisin' Growers'
Association, along similar lines. ¦ .' •
, A. Hallner, vice president of the Roch
dale Wholesale Company, presented the
plan of that organization, saying that
the establishment of units' of effort in
localities with central organization was
productive of successful results. It was
argued that' the Southern California
Fruit Exchange, organized along those
lines, had met a greater measure of suc
cess than had the grain growers or the
cured : fruit association, which had only
a central body, with no local units or
exchanges. ' :
At the evening session "Co-operation
in the Animal World" was the subject of
an address by the Rev. Benjamin Fay
Mills. He drew from insect, bird and
mammal life to show that the co-opera
tive spirit is Instinctive In the lower
forms, and cited the habits of ants, bees,
teavers and cattle. .
"Ethics of Co-operation" was the sub
ject of the Rev. Ernest E. Baker's dis
course. The clergyman declared his
purpose was to put himself on record a*
being in belief and full sympathy witn
the principles of co-operation. He said,
further: I
Wherever you find a man llviny upon
another man, he is a barbarian. He may dress,
in good clothes, may pose as a churchman- and
a Christian man, but if his doctrine is "live
upon others" he Is a barbarian. I don't care
i( he be a Standard Oil man or a trust man
or what not.
"Live whether others live or not" — that is
the competitive principle enunciated in our
social life to-day. Competition is war, and
General Sherman was right when he said,
! "War ia hell."-
Co-operation is the law of love. It is the
doctrine of "Live that others may live." |
Among the delegates are:
W. A. Durham. Selma: E. A. Shain and Mrs.
Shatn, Dos Palos; G. Geraldson, Newcastle: C.
H. KellogK, Newcastle; M. *V. Rork. Oakland:
C. D. Hawley, .Loomls; A. R. Spra'sue, Sacra
mento: A. H. Nafizger, Los Angeles; Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Thompson, Los Angeles; R. • B.
Myerg. Oakland; Professor D. T. Fowler, Oak
land ; John C. Gore, Burley,. Wash. ; C T. Roop.
Oakland; Edward Smith. San Jose; W. B.
Johnson. Merced; H. H. Miner, La Grande; R.
Z. Wooster. Stockton; Judge J. R. Lewis. San
Jose; J. M. Moore, San Francisco; A. Hatlner,
Kingsburgr; X. - O. Hurlburt, Turlock; J. £.
Metzger, Geyserville. • ; .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON; June 24.— The belief
that a crisis approaches in Venezuela was
given fresh impetus to-day by the receipt
of a cablegram from United States Min
ister Bowen. The text of the dispatch
was not made public, but the message Is
said to show that a climax has come In
the . revolutionary movement against
President Castro.
Preparations to meet any emergency
have been made by the Navy Depart
ment. The warships Cincinnati and To
peka are now at La Guaira, while the
gunboat Cincinnati is on the way to San
Juan, Porto Rica.' The department's in
tention is to have the Marietta proceed
thence' to Colon and relieve the Machias,
but she will lie at San Juan until it is
apparent her services will not be needed
to reinforce the Cincinnati and the To
peka in protecting American lives and
property in Venezuela.
No report has yet come from the com
manders of the two warships at La
Guaira. The officers are to use their own
discretion in their course of action in
Venezuelan waters, and It is thought the
lack of a report means only the absence
of any important change In the situation
as far as they can view it.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Divorces were granted yesterday to Or
rin Eastland from Emma J. Eastland for
desertion. Anna T. A».en from E. R. Allen
for desertion. Tillie M. Littick from
George Littick for cruelty.
Frank D. Cooney filed a suit yesterday
for the annulment of his marriage to
Jennie Cooney. The marriage took place
last November.
Annie Graham is suing Irvine Graham
for divorce for failure to provide and in
temperance. She alleges that for the last
five years she has had to depend upon
her own exertions to support herself and
daughter, aged 16 years. The Grahams
were married in February, 1S75.
Frank P. Carmichael, purchasing agent
of the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners, who is being sued for $50,000 dam
ages for the alle'ged alienation of aifec
tlons of the wife of F. W. Derrick, filed
an answer yesterday. He denies the truth
of Derrick's charges,, claiming that his
relations with Mrs. Derrick were of the
Platonic order, and alleges that any at
tention he paid her was not of a nature
to cause Derrick any uneasiness or dam
age. He says that he never kissed Mrs.
Derrick, or made love to her, or made
any sort of plans to win her love.
Charles A. Calhoun, foreman Oi. a shirt
factory at 230 Sutter street, was adjudged
guilty of contempt of court by Judge
Seawell yesterday for failing to pay his
former wife. Bertha A. Calhoun, $15 a
month alimony under a court order made
nearly three years ago. Mrs. Calhoun
stated that she has not received more
than $150 from Calhoun since they were
divorced. Calhoun was a candidate for
the office of Supervisor on the Union La
bor party ticket at the last election. He
will remain in confinement until he
makes suitable provision for Mrs. Cal
iioun. *
She rharges Ohlsen with' being drunk
for seven years and of" treating her cruel
ly during all that time. She alleges that
he threatened to kill her and frequently
beat her. Ohlsen, she alleges further,
caused her great misery by saying to
her: "You were married twice before you
married me. You killed both your hus
bands, but you cannot kill me. I'm too
tough." «
The Ohlsens reside at 3460 Twenty-fifth
street.
Mrs. Ohlsen among other things denies
that she stole $200 from her 'husband's
trousers while he was sleeping. On the
other hand, she alleges that he presented
her with the money. She never broke
his nose, she alleges, nor did she throw
decayed vegetables at him. Slje alleges
that the only time she threw cold water
upon him. was when it was necessary in
order to save her from his abuse.
Catherine Ohlisen, aged 75 years, has
determined that her husband, Ludwig
Ohlsen, who is thirty years her junior,
shall not be released from marital bond
age without undergoing a little catechiz
ing in the divorce court. She accoruingiy
filed an answer and cross-complaint yes
terday to the complaint for divorce filed
by Ohlsen some weeks ago. The answer,
which is quite voluminous, contains a
complete denial of the charges made by
the husband. The cross-complaint at
tributes to her husband many acts not
conducive to matrimonial harmony.
Immediately after the Stockton demon
stration in honor of Mayor Schmitz the
machine manipulators in San Francl3co
gave orders that factional leaders in the
boss camp should sink their quarrels and
effect a concentration of the push ele
ments in every district of the city. It is
claimed by the bosses that Burns. Her
rin, -Crimmins and Kelly will be doing
politics together before August 12, but
there is a deal of kicking in the Repub
lican County Committee over the appre
hension that the "organization" will be
compelled to play second fiddle to the Re
publican Mutual Alliance and take orders
in every district from Martin Kelly. It
ts clear to the level headed politicians
that the old boss of the Twenty-eighth
is in the saddle at the head of the push,
and will not allow any aspiring leauer
of the boss brigade to question his right I
of leadership. Danger that the Mayor
may win the entire San Francisco dele
gation to the Republican State conven
tion is the only known reason for the '
alarm in the boss camp.
GAGE CLUBS ABANDONED.
The County Committee's original pur
pose, to establish Gage clubs in the sev
eral Assembly districts has been aban
doned as a losing proposition. The push
leaders find it utterly impossible to re
awaken any enthusiasm for Gage. The
merchants, workingmen, business men
and taxpayers generally have had enough
of Gage, Kevane and Aguirre. Gage's ;
unpopularity in the country is well
known. He seems to be equally unpop
ular in the city. Recently vigorous ef
forts have been put forward to infuse :
some life into the campaign for Gage
in Napa, San Joaquin. Santa Clara and
Sacramento counties, but the politicians
who were charged with the duty of "in
fusion " have reported to machine head
quarters that Gage is politically a "dead
duck." It is said that United States
Marshal Shine, who has been secretly
working in Gage's interest, is utterly dis
couraged and feels like respecting ftie or
der of President Roosevelt that Federal
office holders shall not interfere in State
conventions. At Sacramento, in the mem
orable Senatorial campaign. Marshal
Shine at one time or another favored the
cause of every Senatorial aspirant ex
cept that of the winner.
TOM BIOBDAN BE APPEARS.
Thomas D. Riordan, chairman of the
Republican County Committee, announces
the appointment of the following sub
committees:
Executive — A.. B. Truman, Martin Kelly,
Leon Samaels. D. J. Crane, John H. Hoey,
George \V. Penningtoa, William H. O'Connor,
Joseph Tuite. John D. Daly. M. V. B. Taylor.
Henry Trevor, E. W. Beeler. J. E. Marks.
James £.. Snook. Andrew Louderback, Charles
Sonntag. William Blakely and E. M. Buckley.
To draft plan for -call for primary election —
E. M. Buckley. T. V. Maxwell, Maurice L..
A6her, R. F. Quarp. James J. McCarthy. John
J. Collins. O. C. Pratt, L. A. Devoto and J. D.
Partridge.
To prepare plan for organization of district
clubs— R. L. Hathorn. J. Levi Jr., Felix \j.
Dugan. A. Grier, William Wilkinson, John
Porter. Charley M. Fisher. George W. Kings
bury and Joseph W. Ahearn.
It Is observed that A. B. Truman and
Martin Kelly are at the front on the ex
ecutive committee. If they will kindly
designate the delegate tickets they in
dorse the voters will do Uje rest.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Twenty-eighth Assembly District
met at 245 Third street last night. The
permanent officers were introduced and
enthusiastically received. They are:
President. Thomas Westoby: vice presidents.
F. J. Hopper and G«oree W. Taylor; treasurer,
E. P. Bierine; sscreiary. Georee Sweeney; ser
geant at arms,- Walter McCauley.
The following executive committee was
anpointed:
Caleb Coakley, J. Runee, Thomas Harrison,
Jofeph Clancy, John Doyle, J. E. Drohan,
I.'. E. Whitcomb, Fred Rolfs. C. W. Merritt,
Ceorre Gorman. George Keefe. William Mind
han, J. A. Barr and M. M. Miller.
The meeting adjourned out of respect to
the memory cf George A. Quinn. a mem
ber, who was acidentally drowned.
The Republican Primary League Club,
Forty-third Assembly District, will meet
at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter street,
Wednesday evening, June 23. ¦
The Republican Primary League Club,
Thirty-fourth Assembly District, will'
meet at Duveneck's Hall, corner Twenty
fourth and Church streets, Friday even
ing. June 27.
The Republican Primary League Club,
Thirtieth Assembly District, will meet
thin evening at Belvedere Hall, 105 Ninth
Etrtet. - •
REPUBLICAN ALLIANCE.
At a meeting of the Republican Mutual
AUiar.ce held last evening at its heaS
ouarttrs it was resolved that the allianco
"hold up to the view of its fellow citizens
the political standing of those who issue a
call for a movement free from the control
of corporate interest and corporate boss
control." The alliance urges that "it ia
part of the history of California that the
Republican party of San Francisco has
been dominated by two corporate hiie
lings. one a Democrat, the other not liv
ing in tne city, who have been feeding
from the public treasury," and it "warns
decent citizens against supporting this
aggregation of defunct professional poli
ticians.*' *\'*± ¦'¦'.'.:
Navy Department Fully Pre<
pared to Protect
Interests.
Delegates From Many Parts
of the State Are^ in
Attendance.
Carmichael Alleges His Love
for Mrs. Derrick Is En
tirely Platonic.
Scream3 at Top of Her Voico
When Officers Force
Them Apart
Scheme to Form Gage Club
Is Given Up as Utterly
Impossible.
ftfew Danger Confronts
Push Elements of
the City.
The Revolutionary Move
ment Against Castro
More Ominous.
Third Annual Meeting
of Pacific Coast
I Inion
Aged Catherine Ohlsen
Opposes Spouse's Suit
for Divorce.
Mrs. Edith Dixon Resists
Separation From Her
Children.
CRISIS IS NEAR
IN VENEZUELA
CO-OPERATION
AND ITS BENEFITS
MOTHER CLINGS
TO HER BABIES
YOUNG HUSBAND
IS NOT YET FREE
ALARM IN BOSS
HEADQUARTERS
ARMY OFFICER'S BAGGAGE
HIDES SACRED TABLETS
Customs Inspectors Find Priceless Jades From ths Holy
. City of Peking Stowed Securely Amid the Belongings of
Lieutenant J. B. Schoeffel of the Famous' Ninth Infantry
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902.
9
HAMPERS BUSINESS.
Coffee Drinking Incapacitates Some
People for Business at Times.
"The experiment as stated is absolutely
true. I am willing. If necessary, to at-
tach my affidavit to It." Name given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
"I am never constipated any more, the
bilious attacks never come on except from
some indiscretion such as drinking coffee,
which I am foolish enough to indulge In
now and then. I have no more headaches,
no more sour stomach and no bilious
Kpells. I have not been sick to my
stomach or had a nervous vomiting spell
in three years. Am now 56 years old, and
have better health and do a better busi-
ness and more comfortable than ever be-
fore In my life. I certainly attribute tne
change to leaving tfff coffee and uslr.g
Pootum for I have taken no medicine to
aid in making the change.
"Four years ago I saw an advertise-
ment for Postum. Food Coffee which re-
cited the ill effects of coffee on the nerves.
I at once decided to make the change and
leave oft coffee and take on Postum. The
result has been all that one could expect.
A gentleman from McBaln, Mich-, says:
"Cofiee drinking has cost me much, for
during- my life I have been many times so
thoroughly put out of condition that I
have been compelled to abandon business
for a day cr two at a time. The attacks
of headache would commence on the right
eide behind the ear and become so severe
as to totally incapacitate me for any exer-
cise, even mental. I have frequently had
"to take morphine to relieve the suffer-
ing. Sour stomach troubled me and I had
a nervous heart that gave me a great deal
of trouble.
postum: cereal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
llRS, IDA_L. ROSER;
Grand-Niece of Ex-President
James K. Polk, Writes to
Mrs. Pinkham Saying: .
" DeabMes. Peskham : —I have been
married for nearly two years, and so
far have not been blessed with a child.
I have, however, suffered with a com-
plication of female troubles and pain-
ful menstruation, until very recently.
; > • . ;, i MRS. IDA L. EOSER.
"The valua of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound was
called to my attention by an intimate
friend, whose life had simply been a.
torture with inflammation and ulce^-
ation, and a few bottles of yonr Com-
pound- cured her; she can hardly
believe it herself to-day, ilis enioys
such blessed health. I took four
bottles of your Compound and consider
myself cured. I am once more in fine
health and spirits; my domestic and
official duties all seem easy now, for I
feel bo strong" I can do three times
what I used to do. You have a host of
friends in Denver, and amonjf the best
count, Yours very gratefully, — Mfcfl.
Ida L. Roskb, 826 18th! Ave., Denver,
Col." — fSOOO forfeit If above testimonial is not
genuine. ¥8KJ*O
If you are ill, don't hesitate to
'pet ahottleof LydiaE. Pinkham'9
Vegetable Compound at once,
and write ,ta M?s. Pinkham,
Lynn, Mass., for special ad^lee— '
¦ ttis^ree.'.Makes Quick Passage.
The American ship Governor Roble, famous
for flash passages, arrived yesterday at New
York. Just sixty days . from ¦ Cape Town.
Will Tow to Fort Bragg.
Thp barkentine "Willie R. Hume cleared ; yes
terday: for Callao by way of Fort Bragg." She
will tow to Fort : Bra,gg.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
I The Norwegian bark Charlonus loads redwood
at v Eureka for Adelaide. Hobeons Bay or Mel
bourne wharf, 51s 3d; chartered prior to arrival.
Bedwood for Peru.
The barkentine Willie R. Hume was cleared
A dispatch received yesterday at the Mer
chants' Exchange reports that the British
steamship /Wearside went .. ashore yesterday
morning while trying to get into Port l/udlow.
She was got off later and, reached her destina
tion safely. . <¦*'..'..- ';
Wearside Goes Ashore.
Mrs. J3. Reed, an elderly, woman, fell off a
1'arket street "car yesterday afternoon near
the ferry terminus and sustained a severe con
tusion of the back. Mr*. Reed is a resident of
Ogd«n and left for home last night. She ar
rived here yesterday, she said, from'Ixis An
geles.
Falls Off Street Car.
W. H. Snyder, a watchman employed
by the Golden K>y Mining Company,
brought puit yesterday against tho com
pany for $512 ?5 he alleges is due him for
strvjees rendered at the company's mines*
in Tuohimtie County
Wants Pay for Services.
The army transport Kilpatrlck was yester
day placed, on Hunters Point drydock^ for a
thorough overhauling. The, Warren came off the
drydock a .few hours before the Kllpatrick
went on. T*he Kilpatrick leaves again for
Manila on August 1.
On the Drydock.
Reinsurance on the British ship Crown of
Scotland, now out 153 days from Calcutta for
this port, was yesterday advanced to per
cent. The British ship Battle Abbey, out 02
days from Newcastle.. Australia, for this port.
was yesterday * put - on the overdue list at 15
per cent-
Reinsurance Bates.
The searching process which precedes th.»
locking up operation at the Harbor police
station revealed considerable wealth yesterday
in two unexpected cases. Andrew Hughes, a
fireman, was arrested for being drunk, and $75
was found in his pockets. The star boarder
of the day. however, was John A. Moyer. a
toldler. from whose numerous pockets was
gathered a golden harvest aggregating $568 25.
Wealthy Inebriates.
C. Scharf. a fireman recently discharged
from the army transport Hancock, was taken
to the Harbor Hospital yesterday suffering
from a fractured skull. He was discovered
early yesterday morning in a box car on the
belt railroad. He was unconscious and had nit
recovered consciousness at a late hour last
n'ght. He -was removed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where he will probably be op
erated on. He had no money in his pockets
when found. The police think he may have
been the victim of foul play.
May Have Been Robbed.
appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday on
charges of disturbing- the peace, battery
on an fffiieer • and threats against life.
The cafes were continued, and the Judge
intimated that he would put the defend
ant tmder heavy bonds*. Owing to Gil
ferUhers .condition the Judge instructed
the prison officials to send him to the
Emergency Hospital under guard for a
few days. Gilfesther went to 223 Second
avenue Monday night, where his wife-,
June ha 5 be*n separated from him, was
living, and threatened to kill her. Police
man J. D. Layne was summoned, and
v hen Gilfeather showed fight the officer
used his club.
Put Under Heavy Bonds.
Ous Gilfeather, druggist and politician.
Sues for Son's Insurance.
Charles and Lena Roller, whose son, F.
H. Roller, was shot and killed by. Thomas
G. Flaherty January 28, brought suit yes
terday against the 1 - Travelers' Insurance
Company for $1000 alleged to be due on
an insurance policy issued to young Rol
ler and made payable to his mother.
. NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed May 30— Br ship
Comllebank, for Panama. .;
CAPE TOWN — Sailed June|23 — Bktn Ha
waii, for Newcastle, Aus. t
ST LUCIA — Arrived June 22— Stmr Redondo.
from New York, and sailed June 23 for San
Francisco. <¦¦-.:'¦ -
" VANCOUVER— Sailed June 24— Br stmr
Cymbeline, for Seattle.
Arrived June 24— Stmr Princess May, from
Alaska.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived June 24-rJat) ; gtmr
America Mara, hence June 6.
ACAPULCO — Sailed June 18— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama. June 20 — Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco. "•
BEACHY HEAD — Passed June 22— Br ship
William- Mitchell, from Orejron.' '
DOVER — Passed June 23— Br ship Galena,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco;
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed June 21— Dutch stmr
Wllhelmina. for St Vincent; was surveyed and
allowed to proceed.
LONDON, June 23 — Br shia Valkyrie, pre
viously reported, was beached at Gluckstadt;
had broken v?. . ...
t BRISBANE — Sailed June 19 — Br stmr Mo
ana, for Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 23— Br ship
Mllverton, for Hamburg:. / '
TABLE BAY— Sailed June 23 — Br bark An
cenis. for Puref'Sound. s
-ANTWERP — Arrived June. 21 — Br ship Lou
don Hill, from Tacoma.
PORT SAID — Arrived June 21— Br stmr In
drani. from New York, .for Manila. ' . .
SUEZ— Arrived June 23 — Br stmr Pins Suey,
from Liverpool, for Victorja; Br stmr- Kalsow,
\ from Tacoma, for London. " . '¦
NANAIMO— Sailed June 24— Ger stmr Pen
taur, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 24— Stmr Blue
cher, for Hamburg: stmr Kaiserln Maria The
resa, for Bremen. ~ . ¦
BREMEN — Arrived June 24^— Stmr Barba
rossa. from New York; stmr . Breslau, from
Baltimore.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June' 24 — Stmr
Teutonic, from New York.. -V
The Rhoderick Dhu and the S. G. Wilder
arrived yesterday, the former fourteen days
from Hilo and the latter twenty-one days from
Honolulu. The officers of the Roderick Dhu
report that considerable interest is being- taken
at Hilo in the volcano of Kllauea, wljich has
recently eiven signs of activity. Many par
ties have been organized to visit the crater,
but absolutely no fears of any harmful erup
tion have been experienced. The Roderick
Dhu sailed through the heads, was inspected
on the fly by Dr. Cummings and did not drop
anchor until she reached the vicinity of the
sugar refinery. The S. G. Wilder reports hav
ing spoken the brig Tanner on June 18 in
latitude 36 north. 137 west. The Tanner is
bound from San Pedro to Port Townsend.
Hawaiian Packets Arrive.
filed yesterday. The association was or
ganized in Native Sons' Hall on the 4th
inst. and is formed for the purpose of
establishing a chair of California history
at the University of California, preserv
ing: relics connected with the early his
tory of California, the missions and for
collecting data of interest to Californians.
The directors of the organization are Wil
liam B. Latham. Eliza D. Keith, Flor
ence Matheson, Louise S. Chase, W. G.
McKibbin. A. I>. Mann, James D. Wha
len, J. J. I>ermen, Joseph R. Knowland,
Laura Bride Powers and Alice Morse.
Articles of incorporation of the Califor
nia Historic Landmarks Association were
Will Preserve Landmarks.
The quickest-arid most convenient ,: way . In
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is. by way. of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m. - (
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. • •
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
. Tuesday,.' June 24.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 18 hours from Eureka
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 00% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 46 14 -hours. ';¦ - -'¦ •' ¦
Stmr Corona, Gtelow, U hours j from San
Pedro and way ports. ' ¦ I
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson,: 24, hours from
Fort Bragg.
Park Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 14 days from
Hllo. • ...
Fr bark Jane Gutllon, Clot, 191 days from
Hull, via Newcastle, England, 161 days ¦
Br bark Inverneill, Crombie, 52 days from
Valparaiso.' . !
Bktn Kohala, Dcdrick, 18 days from Eleele.
Bktn S'G Wilder. Jackson, 21 days from
Honolulu. • ¦
liktn Encore, Palmsxen, 12 days from S<in
Pedro.
Sehr Compeer, Lapping, 10 days from Ta
coma. ¦ . . . • . . ¦ . .
Schr G W Watson, Lars, 3 days from San
Diego. - r '•;¦'.•
CLEARED.
• Tuesday, June 24.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodali, Perkins & Co.
Bktn AVillie R Hume, AVilson. Callao, via
*ort Bragg; W R Grace & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 24.
Stmr GiDsy, Swanson, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcasar, Martin, Greenwood. >
Stmr Argo. Dunham, Port Kenyon.
¦ ¦ Stmr South Coast, Jamieson, Tillamook.
Stmr Albion River, Jacobs, Albion.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg
towing bktn Willie R Hume.
Bktn AVillie R Hume, AA'ilson. Callao. via
Fort Brarg. In tow of stmr National City.
Schr Laura Madsen, JorgeneDn, Grays Har
bor. ,
SPOKEN. '
1'cr bark Roderick Dhu, from Hilo. June 24 —
June 2-V about 50 miles SAV of/ Farallone, saw
bktn.AV H Dtmond,. from Honolulu for San
Francisco. .
Per bktn S G Wilder, from Honolulu, June
24— Juno IS, lat 36 N. Ion 137 AV, spoke brig
Tanner, from San Pedro, for Port Townsend;
June 23, 60 miles SAV of the Farallones. «av.- a
four-ma&ted bark, also *a double toojrallant
yanl. steering east, also barkentine,- names un
known. . ¦ .. ,
June 13, lat 22 S, Ion 40 AVY Br ship Glen
consvfrom Hamburg, .'for San Francisco.
May 24. lat 9 S, lor. :;4 W.-Br ship Milton
burn, from Hamburg-, for Santa Rosalia.
June 20, SO miles N of Watllngs Island, stmr
Allianca, from .New York, for Colon.
• TELEGRAPHIC "'
POINT *LOBOS, June 24, 10 d m— Weather
hazy; wind NAV, velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. '. ,.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 24— Schr Ad
vent, hence June 8. . -• . . t
Sailed Juno 24— Stmr Rival, for San Fran
cisco. .• :¦ ...... .
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 24— Schrs J M
Colman, Salvator and Annie Larsen and brig
Tanner, from San Pedro, for Tacoma; ship
Paramita, hence. June 3; ship Glory of the
Seas, hence June 7. for Comox: Br stmr Aske
hall, from TalcaJiuano. '
ASTORIA — Arrived Aune 24— Stmr Columbia,
hence- June 22. ' * .. - •
'Sailed June 24— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 21— Schr
Excelsior, hence, June 8.
Sailed June 21— Schr F,S Redfield, for San
Pedro. - :¦.'-. ,
PORTLAND — Arrived June 24— Stmr Colum
bia, from San Francisco. ¦
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 24— Schr David
Evans, from -Tacoma. - •: ¦ ¦
Arrived June 23— Schr SoQiiel, from Tacoma.
Arrived June 24— Stmr Del Norte, hence
June 22; Ktmr Noyo. from,Cleone: schr Soqucl,
from Tacoma: bktn John Smith.. from Olympia.
.FOINT REYES— Passed June 24, 1 :20 p m—
Stmr Marshfleld. from Eureka, for San Pedro
SEATTLE— Arrived June 24— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Alaska; stmr Dirigo, from Skas
way. - .-;
Sailed June 24— Stmr Chas Nelson, for San
Francisco. .X •
Arrived June. 24— Stmr Spokane, from Nome.
EUREKA— Sailed June 24— Stmr Iaqua. for
San Francisco. ...
•Arrived June 24 — Stmr Eureka, hence Jne 2:i.
CASPAR — Arrived June 24 — Stmr Samoa
hence . June ¦ 2.". •. -f
TACOMA — Arrived June 24— Stmr Umatilla,
hence June 20; stmr Edith, hence June 20.
AA'HATCOM— Sailed June. 24— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Francisco. . ", ¦. ,
PORT .TOWNSEND— Passed in June 24—
Gcr f stmr Pentaur, from Vancouver and Na
naimo. • . . . .
Arrived -June .21 — Br stnir Askchall, froni
Talcahuano. ',..' . •
Passed in June 24 — Br stmr Cynibeline, from
•Vancouver. • for Seattle. ¦
NEWr, AVHATCOM— Sailed 'June . 24— Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco. ¦ '
-CAPE FLATTERY— Passed -June 24— Ship
Paramita, hence June H, for Chemainus.
PORT ; LOS , ANGELES— Sailed Jun« 24—
Stmr Greenwood, for ' San "Francisco. "
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived June 24— Br stmr
Wearslde, from Victoria. . ' •
. EASTERN PORT."
NEW YORK— Arrived June 23— Stmr Oriza
ba, from .Colon. • June 24r-Sh!» . Gov Robie
from, Cape Town (60 days).
• ..: FOREIGN PORTS. ;':.¦.••,
' SHARPNESS— Arrived' June 21— Br ship
CraiEerne,- hence Feb 6,
'-'¦,, ¦ ' . '
Shipping Intelligence. • *
ARRIVED
The Baroda was wrecked on the . Oregon
coast more than a year ago. She was
driven high up on the beach and after re
ceiAing a report on her. condition insur
ance was paid on her as a total loss. . The
insurance companies, however, 6ent Cap
tain Burns from Scotland to take a look
at the wreck. Burns said he could float
her. He was given carte blanche and
made good his word. He dug a channel
from her cradle in the sand to deep watec
and after a serifes of disheartening fail
ures succeeded in floating the big bark.
The Baroda is a steel bark and was
built in 1891. She has a registered ton
nage of 1353 tons and a carrying capacity
of 2400 tons.
fered for sale. She arrived here
on Sunday in tow of 'the tugboat Relief
and will be on the Union Iron Works dry
dock to-day for inspection. -, . !
pyi^HE British bark Baroda, the salv^
1 ing of .which will gro down ii
I marine history as an exceptionally
11 clever performance, has been of
TO ARRIVE. .
Steamer. From. . . Due.
Tltania Nanaimo June 25
Santa Crnz. . . Southern Coast- June 25
Iaqua. ./..... Humboldt June 25
Acme. . I Siuslaw River ......;... June 25
Phoenix Mendocino . . ,. . H\ . . . . . June 25
Crescent City Crescent City June 26
Eureka Humboldt ....-.„*.,, June 20
Queen ... , Puget Sound Ports .... June 2G
Santa Rosa.. San Diego ft Way Ports June 2t>
Point Arena... Point Arena . .. June 2U
Arctic Humboldt June "8
B. Barbara. . . San Pedro June :>I
Rival Willapa Harbor June 27
Arequipa.... . Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
Nevadan Jfew York . ....."r..... June 27
Curacao .Mexican Ports ........ June ''T
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. June 27
S. Monica .... San Pedro '.'. | June 27
Rainier Whatcom June 28
Coronado. . . . Grays Harbor ". '. . . . June 28
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
China China- & Japan June 28
North Fork.... Humboldt ' June ••*
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Juno 29
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. . . I June 2!>
San Jose..... New York via Panama. I June 29
Pentaur.' Seattle June 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 2y
Pomona. .. . . . Humboldt . .' June 2!)
E. 1 " 1 " oC Cal " Ean Dle E° & AVa y Port* June SO
mn Seattle „ June 30
Y^ Puget Sound Ports (July 1
Aoydos Hamburg v. West Coastjjuly 2
r ° na : Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
Chehalis Grays Harbor . . >. July 3
AraD Nanaimo July 3
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. . . . . July 4
~.°J lc - t China & Japan iJuly 5
dty Puebla A Puget Cound Ports |July p
.'-•.'¦¦¦• TO SAIL. "-•-.-
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I PierT"
June 25. | ~~| ~~
Tampico... Puget Sound Ports. | 5 pm [Pier 21
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd!12 mjPier 13
CltyPuebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill amlPler l't
Mandalay.. Coquille River I 5 pmlPler 2
Wcstport... Bear Harbor ....... | 5 pm Pier "
Jane 2<t. I |
A cme- Siuslaw River .....| 3 pm|Pier 2
rncenlx Mendocino City ...j 3 pm|Pler lo
Pomona Humboldt ..... 1:30 p Pier 11
fatateCal..; S an Diego & AVay. 9 am Pier 11
-June 27. .
S. Barbara. Astoria & Portland 4 pm PUr 2
Corona Newport & AVay Pts 9 am Pier ll
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
S. Monica. . Grays Harbor I pmlPicr 2
Jnne 2S. J .
Eureka.... Humboldt : !> am Pier 13
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier" —
H. Mara... China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
San-Juan.. IN". ~Y via .Panama 12 mPMSS ¦
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
•Jnne 2O. —
Santa Rosa Kan Uiego & Way. -9 am Pier 11
Alliance ' Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 10
. June :iO. .
Portland... Nome & St. ¦ Michael 2 pm Pier 31
Rival . Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier l'j
'i July 1.
Coos Bay.. |San Pedro & AVay.. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork jHiimboMt »... 9 am | Pier 2.
Areouipa... Valparaiso & AVay.. 12 mjPier'io
July 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am|Pier 24
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 2
July 8. I
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way.... 10 amlPler 7
Pentaur Hamburg & AVay.. 12 m|Picr 10
Rainier.... Seattle & AA'hatcom 4 pmlPler 2
July 5. .
CbfthalisTr. Grays Harbor '. 4'pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
' ' FR01I SEATTLE. '. ¦
Steamer. . For. Sails. .
Excelsior* . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. | June 2G
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. IJune 2S
Spokane Skagway ft Way Ports. June 2S
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Jnne 28
Spnator Nome I July I
Oregon Nome & Teller :..:.. IJuly 1
Cottage City. Skagway & AVny Ports. IJuly ¦ 2
Roanoke..... Nome 'ft-St: Michael... IJuly .V
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. | July 5
City Topeka. Skapway & AVay . Ports. |July 5
Ohio.. Nome & St.- Michael. .. .July S
Bertha.. Cooks Inlet & AVay Pts. | July 8
Sun. 'Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Wajcrsiat Fort Point, entrance to - »San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTF — The high and low waters occur at
the clry front ( Mission-street wharf) "about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is tho same at both . places.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25.
Sun rises '. 4 -a%
Sun- sots I :\ 7JJ5
Moon rises; '. v 10:15 p. m.
O Time Time Time >/. Time •
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H .TV L. • "W - H W Li Wl . '.
25 1:04 4.4 .8:04 0.5] 3:33 : 4.T 8:36 ~3!2
26 1:55 4.2 S:44 0.9 4:06 4.9 9:43. 2.0
27 3:00 4.01 9:30 1.3 4:40 5.0 10:53 %5
28. 4:22 3.7110:22 l.S 5:17 5.111:51 2 0
29 5:55 3.6|11;15 2.2 G:00 -5.2..... . ;
¦ • |L. W |H W * L, W ' H W
30 I 0:51 1.31-7:24 3.6112:12 2.4 6:46 S.4
1 I 1:49 0.4| 8:45 -,3.8| 1:1Q| ' 2.7 7:54|5.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides ar« given In the left
hand column and the successive tides; of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time . column gives the last tide of j tho
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S If Mer-
J chants' Exchange, San - Francisco,' Cal..
June j.*, 11)02. - . . -*
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly, at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or. at S
p. m., Greenwich time. •
¦ • - J. t. mcmii,lan. ;
Nautical Expert, in charge.
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the -United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted frcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
yesterday for Callao via Fort Brass. At the
latter port the vessel will load 250,000 feet red
wood lumber, valued at $5000, and 15,000 rail
road ties, valued at $GCOO.
Movements of Steamers.
"I put three of those fellows in office."'
said. Parry, "and one of them- was ap
pointed by the Mayor. This is the return
we get. The first time they, get a chanc«
to , make their pledges good they fall
down." - .
Mayor Schmitz yesterday signed the
municipal budget as adopted over his veto
by the Board of Supervisors. In signing
the budget the Mayor by no means mani
fested his approval of the various items
contained therein. Under the charter the
budget must be transmitted to the Audi
tor, signed by the Mayor and Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, in order to make it
a legal document. The Mayor's" signature
was a mere matter of ,f orm./
The overriding of the Mayor's veto .was
the general topic of conversation- in the
City Hall yesterday. The departments
that would have suffered had the Mayor's
• veto been sustained were jubilant over the
iresult, as it means the continuation of a
number of subordinates in office. Some of
the Supervisors, especially those of Union
'Labor affiliations, came in for some un
favorable criticism for having voted
against their chief. - .:
Fire Commissioner Parry was outspoken
in his condemnation of Supervisors Wynn,
McClellan, Lynch and Loughery. Parry
swore a "blue streak in the Mayor's office
at what he termed the treachery' of men
in -his own party. •. »
Fire Commissioner Parry Bitterly
Upbraids Union Labor Supervisors
for Deserting Schmitz. •
BARK WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM HILO, HAWAIIAN ISL
ANDS, AND WENT DIRECTLY TO THE SUGAR REFINERY UNDER
HER OWN SAIL.
The committee also recommended the
passage of an ordinance providing for the
to the electors of an amend
ment to the charter increasing the salary
of the Assessor from J4000 to $8000 per
year.
Commissioner Casey said that if the
Board of Works were to do the sweeping
it would eventually lead to the establish
ment of municipal stables, which would
inure to the benefit of the city.
The Supervisors' Committee on Charter
Amendments recommended an amendment
yesterday providing that the Board of
Public Works shall cause the public
streets to be properly cleaned and
sprinkled and for that purpose shall em
ploy such laborers and other employes
as may be necessary. The Works Board
also may, with the consent of the Super
visors expressed by ordinance, purchase
machines, materials and such other ap
pliances as may be deemed necessary for
the work. The board, however, must give
the preference to hand sweeping so far as
it can do so. with reference to the proper
cleaning cf the streets and the fund at its
disposal. Commissioner Casey stated that
the plan is advisable, as he thought the
streets could be swept better than at
present because the Board of Works;
would be held responsible. When it was
stated that the city would be obliged to
pay $2 50 per day to street sweepers,
where $2 was being paid row by the con
tractors, Supervisor d'Ancona stated that
the profits now enjoyed by contractors
could go into the wages of the men.
ments, One of Which Increases
the Assessor's Salary.
Supervisors Submit Charter Amend-
TBOVIDES THAT CITY DO
ITS OWN ' STREET-SWEEPING
MAYOR SIGNS BUDGET AS.
A MATTER OF LEGAL FORM
In 1801. Major C. E. Dutton, United States
army, a seismic expert of repute, was sent to
the Nicaragua and Panama isthmuses by our
Government to examine and report upon this
branch of the canal question. His official re
port indicates that if there be any danger from
seismic^ disturbance it is equally applicable to
any canal route betwen the Atlantic and Pa
cific oceans. It is. In his mature opinion, a re
mote, contingency" deserving no " consideration,
except honest and reliable construction. So far
as records have been secured for some time
under United States official supervision, the
Panama route for a period of years has experi
enced twenty-eight seismic disturbances against
eighteen-at Nicaragua for the same period, so
that if the argument be applicable it decidedly
favors the Nicaragua route. It is also a fact
that the late seismic disturbances have not
been felt in Southern Nicaragua, on the Nicara
gua canal route, or in Costa Rica, while severe
shocks are reported upon the Panama isthmus.
Mexico. Guatemala, Salvador and Northern
Nicaragua have experienced the recent earth
quakes. On the Pacific Coast Guatemala alone
has suffered severely. At the Panama Isthmus
the north coa3t of South America and the
Southern West Indies, disturbances including
volcanic action at the latter, have been, pro
nounced, apparently culminating at Martin
inque and St. Vincent, i While no fair expert
considers the earthquake argument of- value in
connection with the canal, the proponents of
the Panama route have been confounded in
their recent assertion by the exemption of the
Nicaragua canal route from such disturbances,
while they cannot honestly claim the advantage
which this fact may be worth for the route
which they are desperately endeavoring to un
load upon our people. . •
Permit me to acknowledge your favor of May
20, inclosing an article from a California Jour
nal inclining to favor the Panama canal route
owing to the claim that It Is exempt from
earthquakes, i This does not surprise me, as
the proponents of that canal route have : pre
sented the argument through the public press
of the United States for want of anything more
truthful. . ' . ¦ j
In response to a request made by Sec
retary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce for Information in regard . to the
frequency of earthquakes in. Panama and
in Nicaragua Captain W. L. ! Merry, the
United States representative at San Jose,
Costa Rica, has written a letter which
discredits statements made in the Senate
during the recent fight over the canal
bill. Captain Merry's communication,
which is written unofficially, ia as fol
lows: -,
administrative officer, and for that reason
void. The motion in arrest of Judgment will be
granted.
There is no law of Congress makingr it an of
fense to pasture sheep upon forest reservations,
and I fully concur in the opinion of Judge
Wellborn, tiled in the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of Cali
fornia on November 14, 1900, in the case of the
United States vs. Lee Blasingame Xo. 7, that
the- provision in the act of June 4, 1S97 (30
Stat. :^), •which makes it an offense to violate
suck rules and regulations as might thereafter
be made by the Secretary of the Interior for
the protection against fire and depredations
upon forest reservations is. in substance, an
attempt to delegate legislative power to an
The law department has instructed
United States attorneys to obtain writs
of injunction to prevent sheep raisers
from trespassing upon the Government
forest reserves. In this manner the re
serves may be protected should the
courts hold that a writ of injunction will
lie in a case in which no law of Congress
is about to be violated.
The following is the text of Judge de
Haven's decision:
The decision in the Blasingame case
was handed down two years ago, and
shortly after that decision United States
Attorney General Griggsi wrote an elab
orate opinion to show that Judge Well
born was wrong. The decision of Judge
de Haven places the Attorney General
two to one in the wrong and sheep men
will rejoice. ,
There are three other similar cases
pending in Judge de Haven's court, and
these will Jye dismissed by the terms of
the decision. . . ~- ".
What political pessimists term "govern
ment by injunction" may be resortejj to
by the Federal officials hereafter in pre
venting the pasturing of sheep on Gov
ernment reserves. United States District
Judge de Haven handed down a decision
yesterday in the case of the United
States against Peter Camou, who had
been indicted for pasturing sheep on the
Sierra forest reserve, which concurs in the
decision of United States District Judge
Olin Wellborn of Los Angeles in the case
of the United States against Lee Bla&ln
pame, who had been indicted in the
Southern District for having fed his
sheep on the succulent grasses of the
Sierras.
Congress Has No Power to
Delegate Its Sovereign
Authority.
Panama Route for Canal Is
Looked Upon With (i
Disfavor.
i / • ' i
Captain Merry Questions
the Statements of
Senators.
Court Decides That For
est Reserves Are Not
Protected.
Insurance Companies, Whose Feat of Floating the Wrecked British
, Bark Was 1 G^ne of the Notable Achievements of Recent
Marine History, Now Seeking a Purchaser for the Vessel
CONSUL WRITES
OF EARTHQUAKES
SHEEP MEN WIN
IMPORTANT SUIT
BARODA RESTORED TO OCEAN
AND IS ADVERTISED FOR SALE
— C - - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' i • ¦ ¦'-.>• - = ' ¦* ~- •• ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - ¦ •
¦ \" •'•'-' •'¦'.:. -i' ; ; -:-. -'¦". -,'/¦¦-'¦ .'¦.:. ¦-¦;..¦¦¦ ¦,¦—'^-¦¦¦.'.. "..¦¦/, fv. ¦--,..;. =¦; ...¦ ' .- . '--::*.• : - . ./ . ; ;.:»-".-
THE SAN EEANGISGO GALL, 3VEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1002. ,
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
pv . ¦ ah. : Xi .,':;
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering- from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, nteht Iossjs. varicocele, etc., and. en-
large small, weak organs to lull size arid vigor.
Simply s<;iid your, name and address to Ur
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building. "De-
troit, Mich., and they will eladly send the
free receipts with full directions so 'any man
may easily cr.rt- himself at home.- This is cer-
tainly a ino< Ktnerous offer, and the toilowing
extracts taken from their daily mall show
, what men think of their. Kenerobity:. " v •
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours; of recent date. I have given. -'cur
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. Tt has c-mij.ttw'v hraoed.
'me up. lam Just as vigorous as whon.r l».>
and you c«inn:jr- realize how happy I am." .
•Dear fcirs: Your method worked beautiful-
ly. Results ; were exactly what 'I | needed.
Strength and vigor have, completely rtturned
and enlargement. Is entirely satisfactory." ¦ •
"Dear -Sirs: Yours was received and I had
no trouble In'makins: use of .the .receipt as di-
rected, and^can truthfully, say .it; is a boon to
weak men. I am. greatly Improved in size,
strength and vteor." . : ¦ -:. • - -
All correspondence . is strictly confidential,
mailed in plain,, sealed envelope. The- receipt
is free for the asking- and they want- every i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SE^TTREE^ f 0 MENr
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Restores Lost Vi^or
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail i
to All Wno Writs.
Free trial packages of a most remarks
We remedy are being mailed to ™i S
will write to the State Medical In«titnr*.
They cured so many men who ha'd bat
tied for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute fr^
trial packages to all who write It I* a
home treatment, and all men who siif
ler from any form of sexual wpaknp«
resulting from youthful folly, premature
•loss of ftreng^h and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can
now cure themselves at home. '
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth, and *=eems to act di
rect to the desired location jrivln^
ttrength and development just where it
Is needed. It cures all the Ills and trou
bles that come from years of misuse of
the natural functions, and has been' an
absolute success In all cases. A reaue<;t
to the State Medical Institute, 32S Fl*k
tron building. Fort Wayne, Ind slat
ing that you desire one of their free 'trial
packages, will be complied with promDt-
ly. The institute is desirous of reaching
that great class of men who are un-
able to leave home to be treated, and
the free samples w<Jl enable them to see
how easy it Is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a plain
package, so that its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment of publicity.
Readers ere requested to write without
delay.
RAILWAY TSAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(M*la Line. Toot of Market 8tre«t.)
"¦7.OOA Benicla. Saliua, BlmirB »nd 8»cr»-
meato • S-fg*
7.00Ta V»c*TUle. Wlntert, RoaueT.....,..- 7.68»
7.30a Murtlnez, 8»n Bamoa. Vallej*.
' N«pa,Call»to««,8aataKo»a.. ; ... 6.2SP
I 00a rJ»Tls. Woodland. Knights Lsadlng,
¦" M«ry»vllle. Orovllle „.... 7J§»
I .00 a Atlantic Expres»-Orden and East. 8^5*
t.00AKile«. Lmthrop. 8to«kto»....... .... 7-2S»
¦ 00a Nlles. Mendot*. H«nford, Vlaalla,
Porterrlll* 4J5>
t 30a Snaita Exprei*— D*t1>, wniUm*
(for Bartlett Springs), Wlllowi,
Bed Bluff, Portland 7.6S»
I 30a Saa Joie, Llrennore, Stocktoa,
lone, Sacramento. PlacerrlllB, ' ¦ _,
MarytTllle. Chlco, Red Bluff 4< 25»
1 30a Oakdale,Chlne*e,Sonora,Taolumaa *-2Sr
¦.00a Vallejo- \2£ar
5 00a Lot Angele* Expreis — Martinez,
;? . Tracy, Latarop,8toclcton,Merc«4. ' *i '
RaTmond,rreinoandLosAnrfilM 8.25 a
8J0a Vallejo. Martinez and Way statloat 7.§6r
IO^Oa Hayward. Kllet and Way 8tatlon«.t12.56*
IOJOa ThS Orerland LimUed - Ogden,
Deaver. Omaaa, Chicago.
t1 00r Sacramento Hirer Steamer* tii-OOy
J.OO* Benlda. Wlntert, Sacramento.
* Woodland, William*, # Willow*.
Kalsht* LandlBff. MarytTlUe,
OroTille.. 10.58a
S SOf Hayward. Nlles and Way Station*.. 7-55»
4 00F Martlaez.SanBamoa,ValIeJo.lTap»,
' UM Callitoga. Santa Bo*a 925*
4.00F NUe*. LlTermore. Stocktoa, Lodl.. 12.25»
4 SOf Hayward.NUe*.SaaJoteXrfennor« t8.55A
4 SOf The Owl LUnlted-yreino, Tulare.
** ur Baker.neld. Saa«u* tor Saata
Barbara. Lo* Angele*.. .......... I.asA
B.OOf PortCo*ta,Tracy.L»tnrop.Stocitoa 1Q25a
I.00F Martlnei. Antloch. StocktonTSler-
cod, Sarmoad, rresao 'SSI*
B.30F Nlle» Local •.•••• • **I A
g.00F Hayward, Kile* and Saa Joie. ,M§ A
8.00F Va&ejo •• i1-2Sa
I COf Oriental Mail-Osden, Doatw.
Omaha, 8t. Lent*. Calcarp....... 4^5»
7.00> San Pablo, Fort Costa, Martlnei
and Way Station*. 'HI*
17.00F VaUeJo ••••• *-w
8.05f Oregon & California txpreMH-Sao-
ramento, Mary»Tllle. Redding, m ¦
Portland, Pag et Sound and Salt. J-pSa
~*7.45a Santa Crux Kxcur»ioa tS.OSJ
8.15a Newark, CenterrlUe. Saa Jo*e. x
Felton, Bonlder Creek, '
Cruz and Way Station* 5-507
*2.15f Newark, Centerrllle. San Jo«e.
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek, Santa Crux and rrtndpal
Way Station* : 1040a
4.15r Newark. San Jo»e, Lo* Gato* WSQx
M.15F San Jose. Lo* Gatos. Santa Cruz... c350*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KB AH CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip S|
—17:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 S.ISf.x.
From OAKLAND, Toot of Broadway — tS:0O tSiOi
t3:03 10:00 t.w. 12 00 200 4.00 F.M.
COAST LINE (Broad ean?e).
• ' ? (Third and Town»end Street*.)
8.10a San Joie and Way Stations 6.30 p'
tt.OOA San Jose and Way Stations 7.30?
/JJOOx New Almaden /4.10F
t7.15A Monterey Excursion $8.30?
8.00a Cout Line Limited — San Jose.
. 61!n)y,Honister,Salina*,SanLula
Oblspo, Senta Barbara, Los Ange-
les and Principal Intermediate
¦-"-.-. Stations 1045*
8-OOa San Joie. Tre* Plnos, Santa Crnz,
Pacific Grore. Salinas, San Luit
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-10*
1 0.30a San Jose and Way Stations ... 8.36a
11.30a San Jose.Lo* GatoiandWaySUtloas 6-30f
«1.30? San Jo*e and Way Station* «700f
tj.OOF San Jose and Way Station* t8-0OA
tS. 00r Del Monte Express— Only stop* San
Jose... t120iF
S.SOf San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tre« . . . "
Plnos, Santa Crnz, Sallaa*. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
' • GroTe 10.45a
4.30* San Jose andPrlnclpalWayStatlon* I.SOf
tS.OQr San Jose, Lo* Gatos and Principal
Way Station*.. r9.Q0A
5.30F San Joie and PrtacIpalWay Station* 10.00a
tS.IBr San Mateo, Belmonc. Redwood,
Menlo Park, Palo Alto ........... IS .48 i
8.30 r Saa Jose and Way Station* 6.5&A
7.00F New Orlean* Express — San Lull
Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Lo* An-
cele*. Demiaf, El Paao, New
Orleans and Eait. 10.1Sa
»11.45rPalo Alto and Way Station* .' tt.Avr
•11.4SF San Jose and Way Station* t9-45r.
A for Mornlag. P for Afternoon,
t Saoday excep'.ed. t Sunday only.
a.Satnrday only. 0 Monday only.
> Saturday and and Friday.
« ¦_ Sunday only. n Dally except Batnrday.
CAUFOfiMA KOITHWESTEBif EL Cil
LESSEES
s« nmm and north pacific
RAILWAY COMPAST.
Tlbnron - Kerry, Foot ot Market St.
SAX JFltAKCISCO TO SAX RAF A El*.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. ra. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00 and 6:20 d. m. ¦ :.:-.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRAJf CISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05. 7:35, 7:50. 8:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:60, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUN DATS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, .3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:2S p.m. ' '¦ .
Leave I . In Effect 1 - Arrive
San Franclsco| May 4, 1902. |San Francises
Week I Sun- | Destln. J Sun- I Week
Days, f days. |_ S tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignacia 9:10a 8:40a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
; 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 0
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
6:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville .
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p| 6:20 p
"7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland fl0:40 a!10:20 a
3:30pf5:00p| Uklah [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a[ 3:00 a| •Willlts | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| . GuernevUle 1 7:35 p 10:20 a
3:30 p[ 5:C0p| |10:40a 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p 6:20 p
7:3Oa|8:00a| Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fi^tcn
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytttm Springs,' at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdals
for the Geysers and Booneville; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvillc.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport an-1
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Spring".
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs; Upper Lake. Pomo, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. LJerley's
Bucknell's. San Hedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr'3
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Brags.
Westport, Usal; at Willits for Sherwood, Cahto,
Covelo, Laytonvllle, Cummings, Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka. • • .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 .Market st.. Chronicle build-
in?.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt
NORTH SHORE: RAILROAD.
Via. .Snn*cllto Ferry,
. . • Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:45, »7:45. 8:45. »: 30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20, »1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. '6:10.
6:45,9:45. ll:45 : p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS- 7:00, 8:00, *9:00. •10:00, 11:00,
1 11:30 a. m., 12:30. *l:30, 2:30, *3:45. 6:00. 6:00.
7-.3O, 8:45, 11:45 p. m. - , . .
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln. j
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40, 8:15. »9:3(L
11:00 a. m.. 12:25, 2:15, «3:30. 4:40. 6:30. 6:43
10:15 "d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:00, •8:00. 0:30. »H:00 a. m.
•12:00 m., 1:00. 2:15, «3;30. 4:15. 'SUS. 6;^!
7:30. 10:15 p. m. • . '
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45. 8%s %¦&
11:10 a, m., 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20. 7 : io"
10:15 v. m. ¦
: SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55, 10:05, 11:10 . m
12:15. 1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:08, 7:15. loTii
V " m ' THROUGH TRAINS. ".
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and wa»
stations. * . •
3:15 p. m. Saturdays^ — Cazadero and war sta-
tions. ' . . . ™
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. j
Legal Holiday, boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
„ Le i ve Via Sausalito Ferry » Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
.:.::.::: iiso P : -Tirdw of Tmtp«s- siso ': :::::::::
.... . 2:30 p. Opm«Htt»j««fi«u«*, 8:15?
tiTliflOATS OUT— U.»« T.T-rn <h3> r- .tri., 3.n r«elni 11:« p.
, Ticket OOcm. *II MiRKST STREIT ul 8AU3AUTO TOMt.
ApVERTISEMENTS.^ -^
Good enough
for anybody!
t^ll Havana Filler
VFLORODORAV] BANDS. en
of same value as tags from
" STAR." •' HORSE SHOE,'*
"SPEARHEADr"STANDARD NA VT"
•• OLD, PEACH & HONEYr
•• SAW LOG." VOLE VARCINY" '¦ %
fit "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco. ;
.0. hi ¦¦¦ mi wiiw mum 11 11 '
3™"' • . Sr^ct B M • ' Mw^Jpt
Cures, Piles, or $5O Forfeited.
No Mercury or Opiates.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
t,. ZEH, 1226 Market st. j
WAKELEE & CO.. Bush and Montgomery its.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.. M9 Market »t.
DR. H. B. KILBOURN, 551 Third at.
SEARBY'S PHARMACY, 400 Sutter «t.
J. CALEGARIS, Kearny and Pacific sts.
P. B. HULTING, Third and Howard sts.
W. E. MATHEW, 144 Fourth st.
R. W. COFFIN, Sixteenth and Valencia st«.
J. H. WINTER, Twenty-flfth and Valencia uts.
E. HAPPERSBERGER. Sixth and Mission sta.
C. F. FULLER, Clay and Fillmore sts,
D. D. HUNT, 1800 Haleht at. .
SHAW PHARMACY, Sutter and Powell st*.
GLEASON, Kearny. and Clay sts.
E. J-, SMITH, Eddy and Taylor «ts.
ARIEL, PHARMACY, 400 Hayes st.
STOCKTON-ST. PHARMACY. 100" Stockton it.
J.S. POTTS DRUG CO.. 1016 Market & 11 Eddy.
JUNCTION PHARMACY. 2000 Market at.
® VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON. BISHOP'S PILL3
1 have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
-Mormon Church and their
' followers. • Positively cure the
.worst 'cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure lost
Manhood,. Impotency. . Lost
Power, ¦ Night ¦ Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in "Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry, Loss of- Semen, » Varlcocele or Con-
stipation,- Stop Ner *3 \_M tou» Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are TZ, ... Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote cenjw ncy to every func-
tion. -Don'tget despondent," a cure is at hand.
Restore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; « for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6. boxes.' Circulars free.
Address BI3HOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.
San Francisco, CaL GRANT. DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third at ¦ ' - - • •
On CHICHfcSTER'B ENGLISH :
Pennyroyal pills
Vi _/JV~-w Orlslnal ana Only OcMiatb
V-f^yk^ .SAFE. Alwn* re'.Uble. I.Wjl-^ .,» DrantM
fel<iiS*WK^ la KED «n4 Uold m^lallia tioxn. Mml«4
a^?WH wlth blm ribbon. Take K* other. K«fliM
jyi ©*» «ij Dangjerons hubsHtnUons sad ImlU*
I / "* fly tlomu Buy jf yonr Dreijjlst. «r lend 4e. la
\ V ft* » ad " BelUf for LsdlM," fc» Ittttr, by r*.
~\ if torn Ma!!. 1 0.OOO Test:moaia)-_ e»I*bj
., > ' »H Drosgisu. - ChlehmtorCber leal 43s,
HtnUra tiltpmpor. Unilsar *»«-»«. k'ai.J>m If i.
R . 6 PATEMTS!' J
MARKET ST. S.F. >s»S^
GEORGE MA YERLE.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
( Lcai^ Market-Street Ferry Pepot,
- Uim'd I
. '•• Local Mon&} Local Ov*rrd
Dally Thurs 1 Dally Dally
Lv San Fran 9:00a 9:00a 4:20p S:OOp
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
" Merced... 2:35p I:l7p .. 1:30a
""Fresno... 4:10p 2:35 p 3:15 a
" Hanford.. 5:6S p 3:27 p 8:05a.
" Visa'Ua... 5:38 p 6:00 a
"B'kersf'd. 8:10p 5:2Op 7:35 a
"Kan City. ...... I 2:31 a 8:02 a
" Chicago |2:15p| 8:47 p
a lor morning, p tor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Daily is Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points In San- Joaquln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m
daily: '
9:00 a. m.. Mondays and Thursdays is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
Ing Cars and Dining. Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of. local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives-.
at 11 :10 p.'. m.' Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at ll:C0 a. m. daily.
S:CO p.m. Isthe Overland Express with
through . Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which >cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 d. m
daily. d r.'
.Offices— Gil; Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. '. >: ; \ • • - '
<Chiqago
I '"LESS .THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco~at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC '
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
-. Pullman fourteen-section Drawing -Koora
and ' Private Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. Ek-ctric-
readlng Lamps in every Berth. Comaart-
meat and Drawlng-Room. -Buffet. Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars— meals a la carte
Electric-lighted throughout. ' < .
Dally Tourist Car Service at 6 pm.
and Personally conducted Excursions «veiV
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything
: . , R. R. RITCHIE
617 M ARKET ST. , Gen. Agent P«cifie Co»«t
1 Palace Hotel ~ '.¦* San Francisco.Weather Report:
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, June 24 — 5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD, -
'3 H3 33 sS 8* o
STATIONS. !»g»i' & f 5^ g
Astoria 30.04~CS 52^ S\V Cloudy 0.26
Baker 29. &O 70 52 N.\ Pt.CIdy T.
Carson 29.78 78 48 SW Clear 0.00
Eureka 30.08 62 54 NW iJt.Cldy T.
Fresno 29.76 100 60 NW Clear 0.00
Flagstaff 29.72 92 54 SW Clear 0.00
Pocatello. Ida29.70 80 72 W Clear 0.00
Independence 29.«0 06 68 N Clear O.OO
Los Angeles..29.72 8S 64 SW Clear 0.00
Phoenix 29.50 116 S2 W Clear 0.00
Portland 30.00 74 58 W Cloudy 0.02
Red Bluff... .29.78 90 72 E Clear 0.00
noeeburg~..30.02 74 5S NW Pt.Cldy. 0.02
Sacramento .29.82 S4 62 S Clear 0.00
Salt Lake 29.68 86 72 NW Clear 0.00
San Francisco29.94 (ifl 50 W Clear ¦ 0.00 j
S. L. Obispo..29.8S SS 50 W Clear 0.00
San Diego ...29.72 70 04 \V Clear 0.00
Seattle 30.02 70 58 SW Clear O.OC
Spokane 29.80 78 56 SW Clear 0.00
Neah Bey 20.02 CO f.2 E Rain 1.38
Walla Walla. 29. 90 80 58 SW Clear T.
Winnemucca. 29.76 S2 5C SW Clear 0.00
Yuma ..29.52 116- 70 SW Clear 0.00
• Temperature at Ean Francisco. 7 a. m., 56
degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues to rise along the
coast north of Eureka. It has fallen ¦ rapidly
over the valleys ¦• vt the Colorado. Cooler
weather prevails in the valleys of California,
especially in the San jfoaquin. High tempera
tures continue in Arizona, maxima of 11« de
grees being reported .at Phoenix and Yuma.
Forecast made ¦ at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 25, 1902: i
. Northern California — Fair Wednesday;
warmer at night; fresh northerly winds in the
Interior; brisk westerly winds on the coast,
with fog.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; brisk
northerly winds in the interior; brisk westerly
winds on the coast, with fog. ¦•
Nevada- — Fair; cooler Wednesday; ; brisk,
vestertr winds. '- — "- ¦. " ¦ ¦;
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday,
with fog hi the morning; brisk westerly wind;
I 1m* ¦' »- ALEXANDER G. McADIE, , . ¦ .^
• ! ~-i*. ¦', . - - - -Forecast OTflclaV ; "
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.*
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m^.'.
120th Meridian, time, San Franci6co, June 24,
1U02: .
" e g -t» j* ~~o <
n 2. <5 =• ' rt - <{ J «-»<»*»o
3g 33 o ¦" <2*2.
' STATIONS. %*ll ~ %Z 5$l q
-.5 n ¦ ? i . : : .
a a • . . ; •
Chico 95 61 0.00 Clear S
Cloverdale S6 CO 0.00 Clear
Colusa ,: 88 6C 0.00 Clear
Eureka C2 50 T. Pt Cldy NW 8
Fresno .94 70 0.00 Clear- NW. 12
Hanford 98 CO 0.00 Clear' ..
Hollister .>.-. ... .85- 56 0.00 Clear. W
Independence ...90 - CS.. 0.00 Clear N Lt
King City... 90 55 0.00 Clear N Stg"
LIvermorfe 83 56 0.00 Clear ' . . -" .
Lcs Angeles 88 04 0.00 Clear SW 8
Merced »2 CO 0.00 Clear NW
Napa 85 58 0.00 Clear SW ..
Newman .' 91 61 0.00 Clear NW ..
Palermo 02 04 0.00 Clear S •
Porterville ....102 58 0.00 Clear
Red Bluff: 90 72 0.00 Clear E ii*
Riverside 102 55 0.00 Clear
Sacramento 84 62 0.00 Clear SW lt
San Diego. .-. . . .76- «4 O.OO Clear W Lt
Pan Fraftcisco..C6 5(5 0.00 Clear W 34
San Jose S3 .57 0.00 -Clear . •
San Luis Obispo.88' 52 0.00 blear" W *8
Santa Maria 8fl- 50 0.00 Clear W Stir
Santa Rosa..... 87 53 0.00 Clear "'
Stockton S9 64 0.00 Clear
Ventura 79 55 0.00 Clear W
Willows t)Q 54 0.00 Clear SB '.'.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
.Hollister — Apricots and" prunes' doing well
large crop.
King City — Fruit in -good condition; good
yield of grain on irrigated land.
. Riverside — Orange crop developing unevenly
Colusa— Grain doing nicely, fruits ripening
rapidly and doing well. .
Livermore — Weather very favorable for crops
Stockton— Daily receipts of grain and hay.'
Apricots and peaches in market; pears doing
. Palermo— Peaches looking well, good size
and quality.. ... »
ChiccH-Started cutting, grain.'
¦ Ventura — Very warm weather In Interior
; Napa — Weather favorable for ail growing
crops. • .
• Santa Maria — Crops unchanged; grasshoD
pers infesting hills; none In valley yet.
Merced — Favorable weather for harvesting.
,. Newman — Favorable weather for harvesting
f. 1 . 1 ?^ Rosa— Fruit and grain doing well.
« lllows — Aprlcpt crop immense Much will
be lost on account or scarcity of labor.
Cloverdale— Wool sales day. Prices reached
19 cents; extra fine clip; big yield.
Hanford — Grain good, the pasturage drv
good fruit crops ripening rapidly.
San Jcse— Fruit and grain crops doing excel
lent. t A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, June 24.-The official an
nouncement, of the serious illness of the King
of England and the decision to postpone the
coronation indefinitely was an Inevitable shock
to the securities market of the world. The
New York market, however, met the shock
with great equanimity and the vigorous sup
porting orders placed In the market - by the
speculative parties which have constituted
themselves the guardians of the market soon
chocked the downward swing of prices with
which the trading began. London was quite
an active seller at the level maintained here,
but this Felling was well absorbed and pretty
general recoveries occurred within the first
hour of trading. With the unfavorable effect
of the English news thus apparently over
come, the subsequent evidences of weak
ness might be due to independent causes
Undoubtedly the considerable liquidation
In Amalgamated Copper- and Colorado Fuel
1 had an unsettling effect on the whole list
This selling, clearly was due to causes quite
Independent of the life or death of the Kin"
of England. Maneuvers by a professional bear
party were added to other causes for the weak
ness .of these stocks. "AptSrehenslpn of. an
unfavorable turn in ,the. copper, trade helped
the weakness of Amalgamated and the in
ternal dissension over .dividend policy ag
gravated . the, weakness of- Colorado Fuel
Those stocks rallied smartly and were not much
Affected by the final weakness of the market
Renewed apprehension of the outcome of"
King Edward's illness accompanied by late
reaction . followed the favorable- reports of the
operation, .which, helped to rally the market
but a more effective influence grew but of the
pendency of gold exports which seemed to af
-fect the market more seriously than did the
¦ -' :.¦¦*'- -. t :
6d. Price* on the local market' tinder this in- |
fluence were marked up two points, spot clos- 1
ing at 28.35$28.60c.
Copper was dull and nominal at New York,
with stardard spot to August at 11.50@11.80c;
lake. 12@12.42%c; electrolytic, 11.90@12.12%c,
and casting, 11.90@l2c. At London the same
metal declined "5s, with spot at £53 5s and fu
tures at £53 10s. ' ¦
Lead was steady, and unchanged here at 4%c
and at London at *£11 2s 6d. ¦
Spelter ruled dull and nominal, locally at
45s c, the London market also remaining at last
quoted at £18 12s 6d. No departure was made
from former rates for Iron at home, the tones
showing steadiness, but the market had little
feature.. Warrants were nominal: No. 1 foun
dry Northern, $21@22: No. 2 foundry Northern.
$20 50@21 50; No. 1 foundry Southern, $20 50®
21 50; No. 1 do. soft, $20 50@21 50.
The English markets were somewhat lower.
Glasgow closed at 54s 7dand Mtddlesboro at
49s"4V£d,
New r York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 24. — The. cotton market
opened firm, with prices unchanged to 5 points
higher and closed steady, net 3 to 11 points
higher. • ....
Eastern Livestock Market. ,
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4000, including 1250 TexansI . Stauny. Good to
prime steers, $7 60@8 25; poor to medium. $4 75
©7 30;. stockers and feeders, $2 50@5; cows,,
?1 4fl@2 75; heifers, $2 50®5 60; canners, $1 40
@2 50; bulls, $2 25@5 75; calves, $2 60@tJ.50;
TwXd*, fed steers. $4@7. • v
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 20,000; to-morrow,
33,000; left over, 4500. Strong to 7%c higher.
Mixed and butchers, $7 30@7 80; good to choice
heavy, $7 7&@7 «J%; rough heavy, $7 30@7 65;
light, $7 25@7 50; bulk of sales, $7 45@7 80.;
SHEEP — Receipts, 10,000; sheep dull and
lower; lambs, choice, steady. Good to choice
wethers. ,$4\54 60; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@
4 25; V-estern sheep, clipped, $3@4 25: native
lambs, $4 75@6 75; Western lambs, ft 75@6 75.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, June 24. — Seldom- has the wool
market been Ul so strong position late in June
as at the present time. The dip of 1902 is rap-
Idly being bought up by the trade at strong
prices^ There has been a good business in ter
ritory grades, over half a million pounds being
closed up In two transactions, besides numerous
email sales. Old wools are firm; strictly fine j
at 48@50c; clean fine and fine medium, 45@47c; |
staple, 5C#53c; medium, 39®41c. Texas wools
are remarkably firm, largely growing out of the
firm position of fine wools". The clip has been
bought up by prominent dealers^ With very
high prices paid compared with . old wools at
the time buying began, but buyers are very
confident. Fall, cleaned basis, 44@46c; twelve
months, 50@62c; six to eight months, spring, 46
¦ Fine washed fleeces are exceedingly j firm,
with old wools sold out of sight. . -
Northern Wheat Market,
• OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 24.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 65%@66cj valley, 66%@67c; blue stem.
67@C8C
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 24. -^WHEAT— Unchanged.
Blue Stem, 66%c; cTub, 65%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 24. — Consols, 96%; Silver,
24 7-lCd; French Rentes. lOlf 62%c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 30s 4%d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 29s <5d; English country mar
kets, quiet but steady.
LIVERPOOL, June 24.— Wheat, steady,
wheat in Paris, weak: flour In Paris, weak;
French country markets, quiet but steady;
weather In England, flpe and warm
COTTON— Uplands, 5d.
/ _ _*
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion,. ;
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.... — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables . — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 13
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — 63
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet on the spot
at 25s@27Cd, usual optlojis, according to tlza
of carrier.* The chartered . wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 20,580, against 18,
675 tons on the same date lest year; disen
gaged. 28.000 tons against 7440; on the way
to this port, 203,000 tons, against 191,720. -
"WHEAT — The markets are quiet all over th«
world. Futures were higher at Liverpool and
lower at Paris. Bradstreet's gave the world's
stocks as follows: East of the Rockies, a de
crease of 5,059,000 bushels; Europe and' afloat,
a decrease of 1,400,000; total decrease. 4,459,
000 bushels. .
Chicago was tame and not materially chang
ed.
Conditions in this market showed no change.
Futures were flTm.
Spot Wheat — Shipping. $1 12%; milling, $1 15
@1 17% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. , .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls,$l 13%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 14.
' Regular- Morning Session — No sales. • • ¦
Afternoon Session — December — 12,000 ctls,
$1 14. .
BARLEY — The feeling was rather easy yes
terday and future* wore off a fraction, but
cash Feed was unchanged. The demand was
slow. Spot Offerings continued- light.
New Feed, 92%@95c; old Feed. 95@97%c;
brewing, 97%<g*8%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked
for standard, .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sale*.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, 83% c.
Afternoon Session — December — 20CO ctls,
83%c. ¦ ¦ -.
OATS — The feature of yesterday's market
was the arrival of 6000 ctls of white Oats from
Oregon. The receiver 'was asking $1 30 for
them. The market for new California Red
was quiet and featureless at previous quota
tions. Offerings were moderate, but were am
ple for the demand, which is very slack at the
moment. '
" New Reds are quoted at $1 10@l 20 for
common to choice and ?1 25 for fancy; old
Oats are nominal as follows : Whites. $1 25®
135; Milling, ?130@135; Black. ?1 15@1 25
rer ctl ' -^ "
CORN — White i8 a shade weaker. Large yel
low Is being worked off slowly at previous
prices The demand for small yellow is light.
The market is still controlled by one dealer. .
Large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small round do,
$1 r«0@l 52%i White, $1 50@l 55.
RYE — Still dull and featureless at 85@87%c
per ctl.
; BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
' Flour and Millstuffs. •
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75, : usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers',' $3®
3 50. ' • '
MILLSTUFFS — Prices. in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4: Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25- Buckwheat Flour, $4 50<§>4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@9; in
sacks, $0 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
/. ¦ '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings rule firm with light offer
ings. Hay- Is weak, with buyers holding off
until after the Fourth.
BRAN— $18 50019 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22 50@24 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing, ?26 50®27 ; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21 ; Corn
Meal, $31032; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat,
$8@10; Volunteer Wild Oat; ?0 50@8; Alfalfa,
$0@10. Old Is quoted as follows:
Extra fine Wheat, $12@12 50; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll. CO; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50; Oat
$8@10 50; Alfalfa, nominal; plover, $7@9; Vol
unteer, $6 50<jT8 50; Stock, $<@8 per ton. '
STRAW— 40@50c per bale.
There is nothing new under this head. Quo
tations for Beans . show little change from day
io day. Stocks are light and bo is -the demand.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 05; nmftll White, $2 3fi
@2 50; large , White, $2 35@2 45; Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Pink, $2 05@2 20; Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$5; Llmas, $3 50@3 75 ;* Red Kidneys, $3 50®
3 76 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 C5; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 25@2 50; . Cana
ry -3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10?!©
llVic; California. 10@10%c;,- Rape, l&<g-2V4<r
Hemp,. 3%c per lb. ._-,-.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 76@2; Green, $1 40
@1 65; Blackeye, $1 75@2. -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices of Potatoes show little change. Choice
offerings . sell readily, but the market Is over-
the bank rate early in July. On the news that
a successful operation had been performed on
the King consols rallied td 96, but closed at
95 13-16 and all markets were near the worst.
There were gloomy rumors that the King was
sinking; some were to the effect that his Majes
ty was dead.
The bank holidays on Thursday and Friday
hold good for commercial reasons. The Stock
Exchange committee will meet to-morrow to
decide whether or. not the exchange shall be
open on Saturday. There is a general feeling
that the postponement of the coronation cere
monies, for say three months, will spoil busi
ness conditions for all summer.
The American department was idle at first
and weakened on the King's illness, but New
York supported prices briskly, especially Wa
bash, Canadian Pacific and Chicago Great
Western. The professional element supported
United States Steel, but in the street prices
relapsed to the worst.
Copper sold down to £53 5s the ton and
Rio Tintos were % down to £43 15s.
Money is In strong demand for the settlement
and for the half-year requirements, also for
treasury bills, operations involving £800,000.
Silver is hard on Eastern support.
-New York -Money Market.
NEW TORK, June 24.— Close— Money on
call, steady, at 2%@3 per cent; closed offered
at 2% per cent. ...^
Prime mercantile paper. 4%@o per csnt.
• Sterling exchange firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand
and at $4 85% for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 86@4 86% and $4 88%@4 89.
Commercial bills. $4 S4%@4 85%.
Ear silver, 53c.
Mexican dollars. 42Vic. .
Government bonds, steady; State bonds. In
active; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jane 24.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive/of $150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, S202.36L547; gold, $99,957,835.
NEW YORK, June 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
32,320 barrels; exports. 18,122 barrels; quiet,
but firmly held.
WHEAT — Receipts, 102,700 bushels; exports,
50,700 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 79%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 80%@8lV(.o f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 8314c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 83%e f. o. b. afloat.
Aftera weaker opening, due to easy cables and
favorable crop news, wheat advanced sharply
on a scare of July shorts. Later it yielded to
realizing and lost most of its upturn. Crop
news was good, except for occasional reports
Of poor threshing returns. The market closed
easy at a partial %c not decline. July, 80®
80^c, Closed" 80%c: September 77%@78%e
Closed 77%c; December, 78 7-10@7S%c, closed
78%c. ' . .
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Dull ,
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5y*c; mild quiet; Cordova, 8@8%c. Futures
closed net 5 points higher to 5 points lower.
Sales. 25.750 bags, Including: July, 4.80@4.85c;
December, 5.15@5.20c; March, 5.40c; April.
5.50c; May, 5.50@5.55c.
SUGAR— Weak; fair refining, 2%c; centrifu
gal, 90 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c; re
fined, dried FRuITg
Evaporated apples for October and November
delivery are attracting some attention on the
basis of 6%(S0%c for prime fruit. Spots are in
moderate demand and supply and steadily held
around recent prices. Common to good J are
quoted at 7@9%c; prime, 10c; choice, 10V4@
10%c; fancy, lie. .
California varieties continue In moderate re
quest. Prunes occupy a tolerably firm posi
tion at 3%©6%c for all grades, with the large
sizes In most active demand. *
Apricots are unchanged, quotations holding
at lo%®14c in boxes and at 10%@12c in bags.
Peaches are steady, but quiet, with peeled
fruit prices at 12@10c and unpeeled at 8@10%c.
— '
Chicago Grain. and Produce.
CHICAGO, June 24. — Manipulative fears
spread into wheat early in the day. A fairly
favorable weather map, email business and
lower prices in Liverpool because of the King's
illness and some small selling weakened wheat
a trifle -at the opening. It was only a short
time, however, until the talk of boosting July
options by a leading elevator started tin upward
! turn. Prices rallied fairly on the argument of
I depleted stocks and slow moving new wheat.
! Corn turned firm and "after early reports of
I harmless showers more rains were predicted.
(-Bradstreet's gave the ••World'-a visible decrease
I as 4,500,000 bushels the past' week. The out
1 siders became uneasy over the unsettled nature
[ 6f the pit and lought shy of July stuff. After
I a small up-turn prices dipped again and fluctu-
I ated narrowly but in an unstable manner.
j There was almost no short interest in the
¦ wheat market, a condition that threatened col
; lapse. July options opened a shade to %@%c
-I lower at 74%©74>£c and dipped to 74c, rallied
to 74%c, dipped again and closed steady, a
shade higher at 74%c.
Corn was manipulated almost without the
knowledge of the crowd in the pit. Early in
the session September had a good spurt, partly
on bad weather and partly on the boosting of
July by the bulls. On the up-turn September
v.-as sold liberally and all options slid back.
There was talk that one of tne big packers who
was short of SerU'inber corn was about to try
a fight against the bull crowd in July. July
closed %c higher at 07%c September closed
firm, y t c up at CO^c.
¦ . Oats were strong and ruled higher, but were
not very active. July closed l'/^c up at 41$ic.
Traders in provisions seemed to be at the
mercy of the packers to-day. These big inter
! ps-te pulled together and in spite of fair llqiii
j dation by outsiders to secure profits good ad-
I vance.s wore made. Hogs touched the highest
price for the year — ?7 92% — and a good demand
followed the Influence. July pork closed 15c up,
September pork 17%c up, lard 2',Ac up and July
rlt-a Cc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close. '
Wheat, No. 2 —
July 74V1 74% 74 74%
September 73% 72% 71% 72 H
December 73 73% 72% 72;g
Corn, No. 2—
July C7% 08 G~% 67Tg
September 60% C0% 50 ft C0^
December WYj 40% 40\' a 40^
Oats. No. 2 —
July; old 37 37% 37 37
July, new 41 41% 40% 41%
September, ..old. 29% 29% 20& 29%
September, new 32% 32% 31% 32%
December, new. 32 32% 31% 32 •&
Mess pork, per barrel —
July 18 30 18 40 18 12% 18 40
September .....18 50 18 70 IS 35 18 67&
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July ...10 C5 10 70 10 57% 10 07%
September 10 70 10 75 10 00 10 72«j
Short ribs, per 100 pounds — ""
July.." ...10 85 10 87% 10 60 10 85
September 10 75 10 80 10 60 10 77%
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour,
steady but dull; No. 3 spring wheat, 75%c - No
2 red. 80c; No. 2 yellow corn, 60%@07M,c; No
2 oats, 44@44%c; No. 2 white, 60Vi@50%c- No
3 white, 4S>©49%c: No. 2 rye, 48%@49%c; 'good
feeding barley, 07c; fair to choice malting 0!)
®70c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 55; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $174: prime timothy seed, ?5 75; mess
pork; per. barrel, $18 4.0@lS 45; lard, per 100
pounds, $10 62%; short ribs sides (loose), $10 80
10 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed), ?8 C7%vi
8 75; short Clear, sides (boxed), $10 85@ll;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, con
tract grade, ?S 35.
' Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 15,000 21,000
Wheat, bushels 42,000 131,000
Corn, bushels ..220.000 06,000
Oats, bushels 2.",000 174 000
Rye, bushels 5,000 8,000
parley, tushels ••••••• 16.000 ....TT.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market Was easy; Creamery, 18®21%c- dairies
17%@19%c; cheese, steady, 10@ilc; eggs firm"
fresh, 16%c. j
Foreign Futures.
¦ LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— v-i" July. Sept.
Opening 5 11 6 1%
Closing 5 11% e 2(!
:-.W PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec
Opening 23 SO 20 90
Closing 24 CO 20 85
Flour —
Opening .....I..... 30 85 27 70
Closing 30 65 27 CO
\ Available Grain Supply. .
NEW YORK, June 24. — Special cable and
telegraphic, communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes In available sup
plies as compared with last accounts:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 3,059,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decreased 1,400,000 bushels
total supply, decreased. 4,459,000 bushels, '
1 Corn — United States and Canada, east of tiu»
Rockies, decreased 40,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockls, decreased 355.000 bushels.
New York MetaP'Market.
' NEW YORK, June 24.— The London market
for tin was £1 7a 6d lower. to-day, with spot
closing at £120 6» 2d and- futures at £121-2s
loaded with poor stock which ia hard to dis
pose of. *
New Onions showed more strength is receipts
were light and there was some Inquiry for ship
ping. Old dragged at lower prices.
Mississippi Tomatoes ¦ were weaker owing to
the heavy arrivals of Caltfornian. Only strictly
fancy offerings in crates brought the top quo
tations: Green Peppers were offering-, freely
at easy prices. Cucumbers and Summer Squash
were in free supply and lower.' A 20-lb box of
Green Okra was received from Stockton and
sold at 50c per lb.
POTATOES— New Early Rose, 40390c in
boxes and. sacks; Burbanks, 40c@$l 50, with
some fancy higher: Garnet Chiles, 90c@$l 10;
old . Burbanks, 50@75c. ¦ ¦
ONIONS— Australian. $1 50(02. second hands;
Silverskins. $1@1 10: new Red. 5C@65c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 25@2 per
sack; Asparagus, »5c@$2 25 per box; Rhu
barb. 5Cc@$l per box; Green Peas, $1@2 per
sack; String Beans, "2Vj@3%c per lb and a@ 3&c
. for Wax; Refugee Beans, 3%c per lb; Cab
bage, 90c@$l pertitl; California Tomatoes. 50®
90c per box- or crate; Mississippi, T5c@$l per
crate; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb: Carrots, $1
per sack; Cucumbers from Marysville, 50® 75c
per box; Bay, S101 25 per Urge box; Hothouse
do, 25@50c per dozen; Garlic, 2@3c.for new;
Chile Peppers, 10c; Bell, 15@25c; Mexican do,
8@lGc; Egg Plant from ' Lo« Angeles. 8® 10c;
Summer Squash, 4O@50c for small boxes, and
$1 25 for large; Marrowfat Squash, ?15@20 per
ton; Hubbard Squash. $15@20. : -zt\i. ,-:.;
Receipts of Califomian Poultry were liberal
and the market had an easy tone, with deal*
era making concessions to effect sales. East
ern was well cleaned up and another car is
due to-day. ¦ ;
Receipts of Game were moderate, but as
there was but little demand- prices were lower.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
M 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 60; Ducks. S3 50®4
for old and *4@5 50 for young; Hens. $4@5;
young Roosters, $5 50@6 60; old Roosters. $4 50
@5,' Fryers. $3 60@4 50; Broilers, |2 75@3 B0
for large and $2®2 25 for small; Pigeons,
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 50 for Squabs.
OAME— Hare, ?1@1 25 per dozen; Rabbits,
$1 GO for Cottontails and »5o for Brush.
' Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I Receipts of Butter yesterday were excessive,
as will be seen below. It was simply Impossible
to get rid 6f it, so at least 50 per cent went
into cold storage. With the remainder left on
the market for sale dealers did the best they
could and offered their best creameries at con
cessions, but the demand waa very slack and
sales were extremely sltrw..
Cheese remains as previously quoted, with
ample stocks and a very moderate demand.
While there is no positive decline in Eggs
the tone is weak and there are more sellers at
18c than at 19c. Some dealers do not ask over
18c.- Receipts are too large for this season of
the year, when, so many people are out of town
and the consumption falls to its lowest point.
Stocks are heavy.
Receipts were 100,600 pounds 929 cubes 2
bbls and 40 kegs of Butter, lbs of Eastern
Butter. 1253 cases of Eggs, cases of East
ern Eggs. 35,300 pounds of California Cheese
and SSiM pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 2O@21c per pound for
fancy, 10^c for. firsts and 19c for seconds;
dairy, 17®18%c; store Butter, 14@16c per
pound. E ¦ ' •¦
CHEESE— New, 0@10c; old, nominal; Young
America, 10@10%c; Eastern, 13@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 18@19c for fancy, 17@17%c
for good and 16&c for fair; store, 15@16%c per
dozen ; Eastern Eggs, nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Strawberries were decidedly weaker, as offer
ings were liberal and a large portion of the re
ceipts were in poor 'condition. The heavy re
ceipts of Blackberries- and Raspberries In
crates from Loom is had a weakening tendency
on the chest goods from other localities. Lo
gans were in ample supply and very few sold
at the top quotation. Currants were In liberal
supply and prices showed a wider range -
A few lots of fancy Black Cherries sold at
4c per lb, but the quotations cover the general
run of offerings. Mostly all the loose stock
went to the canners. Prices of smalt boxes
were unchanged.
Receipts of Cantaloupes are. increasing and
prices are steadily declining.
*Figs were offering freely and met with
prompt sale. There were only a few crates of
Grapes received.
The demand for : deciduous fruits was fair
and choice ripe stock sold readily, but receipts
were too large for the market to absorb 'and
consequently there was a large quantity car
ried over. Offerings of green shipping stock
were excessive and met with slow sale.
The demand for Citrus fruits Is falling oft
and the market is noticeably weaker, particu
larly for Lemons, which are in ample supply
STRAWBERRIES— 15@8 for Longworths and
$2@4 for Malindas. .
KASPBERRIES^$4@7 per chest; crates. 65
. LOGANBERRIES— $2 50©4 per chest.
I BLACKBERRIES— ?4@6 per chest; In crates.
35@5«c.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per drawer
CURRANTS— $2 50@4 50 per chest.
PLUMS — Clyman, 30@40c per box and 40@
COo per crate; baskets, 25c; Cherry Plums : 20
@35c per drawer and 40@6Oc In larger packages
APRICOTS — 30®50c per box and 40@65c per
crate; in baskets. 2O@40c: bulk boxes, 50c@$l.
APPLES — Green, 25ti>35c per box and 20®
40c per basket; large boxes, 50c@$l. .
PEARS— Madeline. 20@30c for small boxes;
baskets. 15@25c; *argo boxes, 50@75c.
PEACHES— 30@50c per box and 30@50o per
basket. .
CHERRIES — White. 25@40c per box; In bulk
2@3c; Black. 26@5Oc rer box and 2@3%c in
bulk; cartons from San Jos<*. CO@75c; Royal
Annes, 40® 75c per box and 4@6c In bulk; Car
tons from San Jose, $1.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, from Yuma, $l(g-2
per crate; from Indio, $2@2 75 per crate; Wa
termelons from Indio, 20@25c each.
GRAPES — Thompson's seedless from Indio,
$2 per. crate; from Yuma, $1 r>0@2 per crate.
FIGS — Black. 75e@?l for single layers and
91 25@1 75 for double layer boxes; White, $1
per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges. $1@2;
Mediterranean Sweets. $1<3)2 50; St. Michaels.
$1@3; Valencias. »1 25@3 60; Tangerines, $1 50
in half-boxes; Lemons, $1@1 60 for common,
$1 75@2 50 for choice and |3@3 50 for fancy;
Grape Fruit. $2@3 50; Mexican Limes, $5@5 50;
Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch for New Orleans
and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $150©
3 per dozen. ::-V/ ; -i
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Some' business in new Apricots at 6%c, July
delivery, Is reported. There" are also soma
transactions In 1902 Prunes at 2%c for Santa
Claras, four sizes, for future delivery. No
body seems disposed to touch Peaches, though
there is some nibbling at the market on the
basis of 4^@6c for unpeeled and 7@S>ic for
peeled. Quotations of 6%@ldi£c. for new
Pears are mentioned, but no sales, have yet
been reported.
In spite of the short crop Honey is dull and
local dealers are quoting a weak market.. Quo
tations remain as before.
> Nuts and Raisins are unchanged.
FRUITS— New Apricots, future delivery. G@
7%c; Old Apricots, 768c for Royals and 10
@i:>c for standard to fancy Moorparkai. Evapo
rated Apples, 12@12%c; sun dried, C@7c;
Peaches. G^OSHc per lb. _
« PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-403, OVi<S0%c; 40-50s, 5@5%c; 50-60s, 4%@
4%c; i3O-7Os, 4@4%c; 70-SOs. 3%@3%c; 80-9OS.
3@3'Ac; 90-lOOs, 2%©2 ! 54c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown,
7%c; Lt-ose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5V4c for see'dltss; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. ll@ll^c;
No. 2, U@7c; No. 1. hardshell. 10® 10%c; No. 2.
7c; Almonds, 10$6@12c for papershell; 0@10c
for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5070 for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12^c; Fil
berts, 12@12 %c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 5005.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted. 5®
•5%c; light amber extracted, 4#4%c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27% @29c per lb. .
Provisions.
.The market continues very quiet, both here
and at Western centers and prices show no fur
ther variation
\ CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12% @13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams, 14@14%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
extra Mess, 510 50@ll; Family. $11 50@12;
prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $18 50@lft; Dry Salt Pork/ 12>4c; Pig
Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75T Smoked Beef,
13V^@14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
puie, 12%c; 10-lb tins, 13 Vic; 5-lb tins, 13%c;
3-lb tins. 13%c. . - ¦ .
¦ COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces. 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. The demand for Wool continues good. The
finer clips are cleaning up as fast as they come
In, while even the heavy and defective are
meeting with a better demand. '
Hops rule firm at jthe quotations which have
ruled for a fortnight past. Buyers are stead
ily becoriiing more willing to contract for the
new crop at 13@14c, but growers are firm and
continue to hold off. \ /
Hides are still quoted steady, with a good
demand for, both dry and salted stock, and no
accumulation of supplies. Tallow rules firm
with light supplies. ¦ .'
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c .under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags 7c'
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal.fl^c; Salted Calf'
10c; Dry Hides. 10@l«%c; Culls. 14@15cr Dry
Kiiv ll@15c; Dry Calf. 10@18c; Culls and
Brands, 15©lCc; Sheepskins, shearlings 20@
30c each; short, wool, 40@C0c each; medium.
Retail Meat Prices.
The- following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
era* Protective Association :
BEEF — Prime roast. 15^18c; Porterhouse
6t*ak, 17«i4f22i4c; Tenderloin steak, 15@18c;
Sirloin steak, 12^ g 15c; Top Round steak,
12%c; Beef stew, 10c; Corned Beef, 8@10c;
Soup bones. 4c; 6oup meat, S@lOc.
VEAL — Loin roast, 15@iOo, Shoulder roast,
12H@15e; Cfcops or Cutlets 15@2Gc.
MUTTON-^Leg, 12Vsc; Fore-quarter, SSlOe:
Ptew, 8S10e; Prime Chops, 15@lSc; Shoulder
chops, 10@12%c- " .
SPRING LAMB— Chops, 15©20e; Leg. 150
I80; Fore-quarters, 12 J .4c.
PORK — Loin roast, J5@lSc; Leg roast, 12%c;
Ehoulder roast, ll@12Hc; Chops, 15#18c
These prices do not cover the cheapest
ST&des. as It Is Impossible to quote regular
prices 'on them, ¦
Dried Fruits in New York.
Maa advices from New Tork say: "For
most descriptionm In the list a moderate busi
ness Is doing, with prunes, spot and futures.
attracting th« chief attention. On spot the
movement is Jobbing in character, with interest
for domestic trade on 40-50'e. with 6V4c gen
erally quoted fcr 25-lb boxes. For export the
business doing is of. fair proportions, with the
demand running chiefly on GO-70' s and "O-S0*s.
• Some business is in process of negotiation for
shipment. In futures there is noted a moder
ate interest on the 2M;C f- o. b. fonr-size basis
lor interior Jobbing account, but the local trade
appears Indifferent.. On the 2%c four-size
basis for Santa Clara prunes eizes under 40-50" s
are offered. Most holders quote 1,4 c premium
on the 40s. Bids of 2 Uc four-size basis have
been wired out to the coast, but so far as could
be learned there are no sellers on this basis. The
crop prospects fa.vor a good outturn, with- fruit
running largely *.o the medium sizes. In cur
rants 4%c for fine Amallas uncleaned in barrels
appears to be the inside fipure. The'demand is
li£ht and the ton* of the market-quiet.
gpot raisins are in lair request and show a
little firmness at quotations. For seeded 8%c
is asked for choice In 1-lb cartons. Loose. :$
crown grade. Is firm and in light stock. There
ii noted a moderate Interest in apTicots. Some
buying of futures is heard of at <5^.c f. o. b.
the coast on choice Royals Northern fruit In
25-lb boxes. Fetches are neglected. Dates are
unchanged and in fair request. Figs are in
light supply, with the chief demand 1 or manu
facturing purposes. In nuts spot shelled al
nionds are showing more firmness.- . Sicily
ehelk-a sre quoted strongly at 23c, with the
market abroad very high. Valencia shelled pre
sent lew features. In filberts the demand ¦con
tinues fair and iiric»s are steady at SUc for
spot, with a disposition toward a higher range.
Brazil nuts are active and the situation is re
ported strong, with an upward tendency among
holders. .Walnuts Fhow a light interest.
'•Business in lt»02 crop prunes continues
chiefly v.-ith interior buyers, the large Jobbers
or. the spot ehoiving little disposition to' take
hold on the 2^c f. o. b. coast, four-size b*sis.
for Ear.ta Clara*. Offerings on this basis, it
is stated, do not include 40"s, sellers asking a
premium of Vic on this size. It Is difficult to
buy the large eizes alone, as, according to
advices received, the promise is not favorable
for a large output. These advices state that
the crop will run mainly to the intermediate
Kizes, email prunes and large sizes being pro
portionately In lighter supply."
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
j Weather Bureau, is as follows:
I General Summary — The weather during the
¦week has been generally warm and clear in the
••entral and northern sections and cool In the
Bcuth, especially along the coast. No rain has
fallen, but heavy fogs have prevailed in the
coast and bay sections. . :
Grasshopper* are causing considerable dam
age to grain In the Ban Joaquin Valley and
hare attacked orchards and vineyards in that
section anfl also In the Sacramento Valley and
portions of Southern California, but have not
•vet appeared in the coast and bay sections. In
all these districts efforts are being made to
check the pest by burning pasture lands and
spraying trees and vines. Grain harvest is
progressing rapidly in the great valleys and
has commenced in other sections. The first
carload of wheat was shipped from Tulare
i^otinty during the week. The grain is reported .
as very plump. Good crops are expected in
nearly all places except the south. Haying is
nearly completed and baling is progressing.
Hop*, eugar beets, beans, corn and vegetables
are making good growth.
All varieties of deciduous fruits are -ripening,
end picking and drying are in progress in many
places. Apricots are of superior quality and
the yield will b« above average in some (sec
tions. Grapes are reported remarkably thrifty,
end a heavy yield is probable. Citrus fruits
and walnuts are in good condition.
Sacramento Valley — Warm weather ha* pre
vailed during the week. Grain has ripened rap
idly, and harvest is progressing in some sec
tions. So far an can be ascertained, there has
b*en> no material damage to the grain crop by
grasshoppers, and it is believed there will be
none, as the grain is too far advanced* to be
seriously injured. Haying 1* nearly completed,
and th« crop is above average. Grasshoppers
l;ave caused considerable damage to corn, mel
ons and deciduous fruits in portions of El
Dorado. Sacramento. Polano and Yolo coun
ties. Farmers are making efforts to check the
pert. All varieties of deciduous fruits are
ripening rapidly. Vineyards and citrus fruit*
continue thrifty.
Coast and Hay Sections — The weather has
been warm and generally clear during the
veek, with fogs along the coast. Grain and
fruit have matured rapidly and are in excel
lent condition in most places. Haying Is pro
/EresEir.g and grain harvest has commenced in
BGfett places. There v.-ill be full crops except In
the south. Grasshcppers have not yet attacked
The crops In the coan and bay counties. Hops,
t)e*ts, bean* and corn are making good growth.
Vineyards are in excpilpnt condition ant give
indications of a fcpavy yield. Deciduous fruits
ere mc*t!y of excellent quality and the yield is
«b3vo cvermre in many places. Citrus fruits
are ia sroc«i condition.
.San Jcaquln Vclley — The weather has been
hit r.nd Cry during the week, causing a rapid
rr.sturinj? of crain er.d fruit. Grain harvest is
in progress In nearly Pll sections. In some
placet; tho rrt-Jiln is falling below "expectations
both in quality and quantity, but in other sec
tions there will be fair crops. The first carload
of now v/heat v.-a- chtpp»d from Tulare County
to Stockton en the 17th. Grapshoprers arf
cau;>ingr much damage In man;' localities, end
farmers ere vigorously fighting the pest by
burning i«ifiti:re lands and spraying vines and
tr*e*. • Haying ii> progressing rcpidiy. All
fruits ar» In excellent condition, with the ex
ception of poarn in rorae localities. Apricot
<5rj-ln»r has commenced. Vineyards are unusual
3y VhttttJ.
BonUiWU California — Continued cool weather
<"urir.j; tli* r.-opk has somewhat retarded devel- ¦
opment of <1p?!duous fruit*, but it is rerarded a*
HU»jfl W b^npftclal to all crops. .Apriects nre
reported fnJly two weeks latfr than- usual, but
thpy v.ill !>» of bett«r quality .for the slow '
ripen^s:- X31ac!4b/>rri<** are also backward, but j
a. hoary croi> In lonkcd for. Citrus fruits."
vineyard* and wnltuit* are in excellent condi
tion. Haying Is nearly completed in some sec
tion*. Grain harvest is progressing. Grasi
hepprrs have nttacltcd some of the rIneyArd3
In Raft Bernardino County, and the Horticul
ti.'ra! Comm!<5>>lom>rs have been requested to as
eift in rxtenrlr.r.lir.g th* pert.
boa Angeles Summary — Cool, foggy weather
«nt!i clone of tha week was , favorable for crop*:
¦warm et the close increased the demand, for
lrrtga'.lor. -water. Hay grain harvest ¦ nearlng
*r<3, ttid '.n eectlcna some grain is being head
' ed for seed.
Eurpfca Eammary — Continued wann weather
!•» developing fralt and ripening berrtes rapidly.
Haying is general; indication* for a very heavy
crop, a few Humbolflt strawberries are In the
63@75c; long •rod, 80c@$l 20 each; Hone
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 60 for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and 50o for Colts; Hors*
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, 91 CO for medium.
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 23c; dry Central American. 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 8%®6o per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2%®3%o.
WOOL— Spring. Humboldt and Mendocino,
16@lSc; Northern free. 14@16c; do, defective.
13014c; Middle County free. 13®15c; do. de
fective, 12@I3c; Southern, 12 months, 9<S10c;
do. 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c; Ne
vada. 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine. 15@16c; Uo,
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
HOPS — 12©12%c for fair and 13<314e per lb.
for good to choice" contracts for 1803 crop beinsr
drawn at 13® 14c.
San Francisco Meat' Market.
Quotations show no change worthy of no
tice. Hogs are In light receipt and firm,
while Beef,' Mutton and Veal are quiet and
easy, as usual at this time of the year, when
many ' people are out of town and the retail
butchers are doing a diminished business.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6<S?7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
Cows. ¦ : ... }¦: 3s
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small. 8® 0c per lh.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes, 7@8o
per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@9%e per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%<&9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 5u
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c: Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thm Cows, 4@5c per lb. . .
CALVES — *®5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewea, 3%@3%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 50@2 75 per
head, or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings.
3%@<Ic per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, C%c;
200 lbs and over, 6®6%c; feeders, 6#6%c:
sows, 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
General Merchandise.
-¦ -r --,•--- --/* , .-;,
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6%c; San Quentin. 5.55c;
"Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 2-lb stand
ard, 85c; sifted. 95c; extra sifted. $1 10; pot its
pois. $1 25. Gallons— Standards, $3 73; extra,
lifted, $4 25. Asparagus, per case, 2 dozen
cans to the case — Mammoth White, $2 CO®
3 25: Large White, $2@3 73; Medium White,
$1 75® 2 65; Small White, $1 60; Mammoth
Green, $2 65@3 65; Largo Green, $2S2 90;
Medium Green, $1 75@2 50; Small -Green,
$1 CO. • ... 1 ,
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Cancers quote as 'follows, in 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 35@1 55; Apricots, $1 25@1 80; Peaches.
,yellcw, $1 40@>l 65; do. Lemon Cling, fl 50<a)
1 75; Bartlett Pears. *1 504*1 75; Plums. Si 10
@1 30; Nectarines, SI 25®1 50; Muscat Grapes.
$1 15@1 35: Quinces, $1 30@l 55: Strawber
ries, 91 5O@l 75; Blackberries, |1 40® 1 60.
' COAL— Wellington, fS per ton; Southfleld
Wellingto. ?8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $U50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Wall
send, fS50; Co-operative Wallsend, |850;
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg^ — ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $13
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. »s 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50)
per ton, according to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company la
making no quotations, but bale rope is being
quoted to the country by dealers and commis
sion men at ll%@12c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 5%c:
cases, regular. 6c; cases, extra large, 6%e;
cases. Eastern style, C%c; Boneless. 7c; "Nor
way." 7c; "Narrow Gauge," 7%c; "Silver
King," 8c; blocks, "Orientals," 7c; blocks.
"Seabright," 7%c; tablets, 8c: Middles, 7%ig>
8%c; 5-lb boxes, fancy boneless, 9%c; 2-lb
boxes fancy boneless, 8@8%c; Desiccated, per
dozen. 90c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, • $3;
Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each, ?3.
"COFFEE— First-hand asking prices arer
Costa Rica — 13%@15c for strictly prime to
fancy washed; 12@13%c for prime washed:
10%@ll%c for good washed; ll%@13c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 10%@llc for good
to prime peaberry. 10%@llc for good to prime;
8@9%c for fair; 5%@7%c for common to ordi
nary. Salvador — 12@12%c for strictly prims
washed; 10@ll%c for good to prime washed:
8%S9Uc for fair washed; 10@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry, 9§9%o for good to
prime semi-washed; 8%^8%c for superior un
washed; 8@S%c for good green unwashed; 9#
9%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
5%@7c for common to ordinary. Nicaragua
12@llc for prime to fancy washed; 9%@io%c
for fair to strictly good washed, 7%©«%c for
gcod to superior unwashed; 8%@9%c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican — 12@15c for prime to fancy washed:
ll@ll*ic for strictly good washed; 10@10%c
Tor good washed; 8%<@9%c for fair washed- 7fg>
8%c for medium; 5%@8%c for inferior tajprdi
nary; 10%@12c for good to prime washed pea
berry; &<&9%c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; 8@8%c for good to superior un
washed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 20@32c; extra
heavy, SOTi'-'Ac per lb; medium. 27@29c- light
24@26c; Rough Leather, 26@2Sc; Harnesa
Leather, heavy, S5ig:39e for No. 1 and 30@33c
for No: 2; medium. 30®37c; light. 29«35c-
Skirting No. 1, 40@42c; No. 2. 36®38c; Collar
Leather, 15@16c per foot: Trace Leather. 40®
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40@50c per lb; Veal fin
ished. 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits. 14®
16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK — Ground. $25@28 per ton; stick
$16018 per cord. —
OIL— These goods are likely to be unsettled
and subject to all sorts of . fluctuations f ron»
row on. as locaU houses say they will meet the
cuts of the Standard Oil Company, and If nec
essary draw other descriptions besides Lin
seen, Turpentine and the leads into the fight
Squalls are predicted for thia market/ which
has been remarkably steady for 1 years. Cali
fornia Castor Oil, in cases. No. : 1, 70c* pure
$1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled. 73c- raw'
<lc; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 64c for boiled and
62c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter
r- r , a l?^' barreIs - *1: cases. $1 03; China Nut.
5<%'gCSc per gallon; pure Neatsfoot. in barrels
iOc; cases, 73c; Sperm, pure, 65c: Whale OH*
natural white, 40@50c per gallon: Fish Oil. bar
rels. 42 %c; cases. 47 %c: Cocoanut Oil. barrels.
ra^.C 0r «9f ylon and 5S^ C t0T Australian.
,o£9 AL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bullc.
13%@l4c; Pearl Oil, in cases 20c; Astral 20- •
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene*
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk 16c •
in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14%c- In
cases, 21o:S6-degree Gasoline, In bulk 20c- in
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE— C6c per gallon In cases and
60c in drums and Iron barrels
' RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead f@
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6@6%c, according
to quantity.
SALT— Liverpool. $20«j£2 50 for the best and
$2S®29 for factory filled. Domestic — Imitat'on
Liverpool, ?26 25@27; H. R. H.. $26 25«27:
California Dairy. 50-lb bsCgs. $26: Rock Salt.
$18 50019 60. according to quantity; Granu
lated. $26 25027 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46@47 per flask for local
use and $44fS43 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar. Refining Com
pany quotes as . follows, per pound. In ICO-lb
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine Cru3heJ.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. -f.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), . none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c;. Magnolia A, 3.85c:
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.C3c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes.- 50c more; EO-lb-bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrela. 4.75c; boxes. 5o
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $18010 50; extra sUes.
higher; Redwood, $17@20; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90©
4- Pickets. $19; Shingles. $2 for-, No. X and
$1 75 for No. .2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14
for sawn; Rustic. $25@31. . :
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Silver firm and Exchange steady.
Local stocks and bonds still stagnant.
Wheat and freights ratiicr firm than otherwise. f'
Barley; Oats and Corn quiet, and easy. RycrduU.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay easy and quiet. J
Beans and Seeds dull and. unchanged. . . -i :
Butter in excessive receipt and weak. '/ ..;;
Eggs and Cheese in ample supply and unchanged.
Some sales of 'new Dried Fruits at very moderate.priccs. V
Honey dull and weak, in spite of the short crop.' "
Wool, Hops jind Hides all in good demand aud firm. . '
Meat market quiet, as usual in midsummer. - •-.
Grain Bags firm at the. recent advance. -.
Local fight in Oils may turn out lively. ...' r .
1 Potatoes and Tomatoes in liberal supply and weak. Onions firm.
Poultry and Game weak and declining. : •*,' '; • •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits in good -supply and tending down
jvard.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
direct pressure of stock for sale. The ex
change market has been moving pretty con
clusively toward the gold export point, but
it has been expected that the actual movement
would probably be deferred until July. To
day s event, however, precipitated a with
drawal of credits from London and trans
rerred that pressure from London to New
York. As a consequence it Is generally ex
pected that gold will go out by Thursday's
steamer or on Saturday of this week. The
effect on the. expanded credits of this market
and th© narrow reserve resources is awaited
with some anxiety. Th* weekly crop bulletin
and the backward condition of the corn crop
Indicated was a depressing factor in the lato
dealings. The strength of Reading was ac
companied by report* of breaks in the ranks
of strikers at Nanticoke, Pa, The market
closed dull and heavy.
Some of the speculative bonds were weak in
sympathy with stocks, but strength at other
points made the market Irregular. Total sales,
par value, $2,375,000. -
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ,
Stocks — . Sales: High. Low. Close.
Atchison 18,900 81% 80% 80%
Do pfd 5,200 100% 100 &; IOC's,
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,400 IO614 105% 105ft
Do pfd .. ..... 95
Canadian Pacific. . . 13,800 ' 134% 131% 132%
Canada Southern . . 300 • 82 91% 92
Ches & Ohio 2.4Q0 46% 46% 40%
Chicago & Alton... 1,900 '38 ! 37% 37
Do pfd .......... 200 75% 75 75
Chi Ind & Louis... 700 75 74% % 74%
Do pfd 000 86% 80 8(5
Chi & East 111 700 1SS 185 186 &
Chi & Gt West. . . 18,000 80% 28% 29
Do A. pfd 500 90 89 89%
Do B pfd 000 48% 47% .47
Chicago & N W..." 1,200 251% 248 249
CRI&P 700 171 170% 170%
Chi Ter & Trans... 300 20% 20% 20%
Do pfd 200 37 36 3(3%
CCC&StL 700 103 103 102
Colo Southern ..... 200 30% 30% 30
Do 1st pfd 100 71 70 70%
Do 2nd pfd 42
Del & Hudson 900 174% 173% 173
Del Lack & West.. ..» 275
Denver & Kio G / -' 41%
Do pfd 1 700 92X4 »2% ' 92U
Erie 400 30% 30% 3(3%
Do 1st pfd 1,900 67% 67 Cli»i
Do 2nd pfd 52%
Gt Northern pfd... COO 1S7% 187 1S6
Hocking Valley ... 800 86 85% 85
Do pfd 91
Illinois Central 2,600 157% 150% 156%
Iowa Central 48
Do pfd- ; ...:. . 85%
Lake Erie & West 63
Do pfd ..... 125
Louisville & Nash.. 200 135 135 135
Manhattan L 1,000 131% 130% 130%
Metropolitan St Ry. 800 148% 148% 148
Mexican Central .. 2,400 28% 28 27%
Mexican National.. 000 18% 18 18%
Minn & St Louis... 100 114% 114% 114 •'
Missouri Pacific ... 2.300 109 107% 107%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 2,400 27% 20% • 26%
Do pfd 3,000 59% 58 58
New Jersey Cent 185
New York Central. 3,700 156% 154% 154%
Norfolk & West 1,400 57 .56% 5«}s
Do pfd ' 91
Ontario & West 800 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 7,900 151% 150% 150ft
I Reading 61,600 07% 06 0C%
Do 1st pfd 500 84% 83% 83%
Do 2nd pfd 3,500 70% 09% «»
St Louis & S F.... 1,400 09% 09 / 09
Do 1st pfd .....< 82%
Do 2nd pfd....*. 900 72% 72 72
St Louis S W 8(10 30 29% 29%
Do pfd 2,700 65% C5 (35
St Paul 4,400 173% 171% 172»{,
Do pfd •. 187%
Southern Pacific .. 7,900 64% 03% 63%
Southern Railway.. 4,000 3('.% 35% 35%
Do pfd 5,000 95% 95 95
Texas & Pacific " 5,100 43% 41% 41%
Toledo St L & W.. 100 21 21 20%
Do pfd 100 36% 3G% 36%
Union Pacific 4,800 104% 103% 104
Do pfd ....-.•.,.. 1,300 89% 89 88%
Wabash 1.600 31% 30 £9%
Do pfd ....,-16,900 47% 45% 46
Wheel. & L E .>» -. . 22
Do 2d pfd 35%
Wisconsin Cen .... 1,200 27% 26% 20%
Do pfd .* 1,000 50 48% 48%
Express Companies —
Adams ' ..... . 197
American 225
-"United States ..... 114
Wells-Fargo . . . . . 103
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 39,200 64% 62% fi3%
Amer Car & Fdy. . 2,200 32% 32 32
. ; Do pfd ....." ¦ 90%
Amer' Linseed Oil .".;', ;; '.":'/ ..... 23%
. ' Do pfd . . ic ...... 6<T%
Smlt &-Rng.' 2,200-'47% -46%-" 47%
: Do pfd „...; 900 08 97% 97%
Anaccnda Min Co.. 2,900 10!) 105% 10fi%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 6,800- 07% 60% 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 21,900 89% 8V% S9%
Con Gas 1.400 219% 218% 218
Con Tobacco pfd... 700 121% 120% 121%
Gen Electric ...... 1,200 309 305 305
Hocking Coal ' ." 16%
Inter Paper 100 20% 20% 20&
Do pfd 200 72% 72% 72%
Intei Power 75
Laclede Gas ' 89
National Biscuit . . 700 48% 47% 47"%
National Lead .... 200 22 21% 21%
North American . . 100 122 122 121
Pacific Coast CO
Pacific Mail 300 41% 40% 40%
People's Gas 2,000 101% 100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 45% 45% 45 V*
Do Pfd 100 85% 85% 85-
Pull Palace Car 234
Republic Steel .... ¦ 1,100 ' 17% 17 17
Do pfd , 500 73% 73 73
Sugar 8,500 126% 125 125%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2,400 62% 01% 61%
U B & P Co 15%
Do pfd 200 81% 81% 81"%
U S Lsather 3,000 12% 12% 12%
Do pfd 200. 83% 83% 83%
U S Rubber 400 14% 14% 14%
Do pfd 200 52% 62% 51U
U S Steel 21,800 38 37% 37%
"Do Pfd... 8,300 89% 88% ' 88%
Western Ijnlon .... 700 90 89% 89%
Amer Loco GOO 32% 31% 3131
Do pfd 100 93% 93% 93%
K C Southern 1,000 34 33% 33%
Do pfd 200 60 60 09%
Total Sales 500,700 Shares
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO7% L & N Unl 4a... .103%
U S ref 2s coup. .108% Mexican Cent 4s. 84V*
U S 3b reg 107% Mex Cent 1st Inc. 31%
U S 3s coup 107% Minn &• St L 4s. .105
U S new 4s re*.. 135 Mo, K & T 4s... 100
U S new 4s coup. 135 Mo. K & T 2ds. . 8tU
U S old 4s reg...lO9% N Y Cent lsts....lO4%
U S old 4a coup.. 110J4 NYC gen 3%s..lO9
U S 5a res 105 N J Cent sen 5s. 139
U S 5s coud 105 N Pacific 4s 105
Atchison sen 4s. 103% N Pacific 3s 75
Atchison adj 4a. 93% N & W con 4s... 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% Reading gen 4s.. 100%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 90% S L & I M con 6s.llG% !
B & O conv 4s. ..100 S L & S F 4s. ..100
Canada So 2ds,..109% S L Swestern lsts 99%
Cent of Ga 5s 108% S L Sweatn 2ds.. 87
Cent Ga 1st Inc.. 81 S A & A P 90%
Ches & Ohlo4%s.lu8% So Pacific 4s..... 024
Chgo & Alt 3%a. 85% So Railway 5s... 123%
C B & Q new 4s.. 96% Tex & Pac lsts.. 119%
C M & S Pgen 4s.ll6% Tol, S L & W 4s. 83
C & JJW con 7s. .136% Union Pie 4s....l0ti%
CRI&P 4s.. .112% U S conv 4s 107
C C C&SL gen 4s.l01% Wabash lets 119%
Chgo Term 49.... 90 Wabash 2ds. . . .. .111%
Colo & So 4s.... 95% Wabash deb B.«. 76%
Den & R G 4s.... 103% West Shore 4s...lK(%
Erie prior lien 43.101 W & L E 4s..... 05
Erie sen 4s 89 Wis Cent 4s 93%
F W & D C lsts. 113% Cons Tob 4 (Ji'.%
Hocking Val 4%. sll0% ..
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
! Adams 20 Little Chief .. 11
Alice 40 Ontario 7 50
Breece 50 Ophir 1 oi>
Brunswick Con..'.. OS Phoenix otj
Comstock Tunnel.. 5Vi Potosl ' 15
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Savage ; 05
Deadwood Terra.. 1 00 Sierra Nevada..... 10
Horn Silver .1 25 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver. ... 77 Standard 3 00
Leadville Con 05 ,.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lU S Steel pfd 88%
Call loans 3%@4 Westinghse Com. 104
Time loans 4 @5 Minln-
Bonds — . Adventure 22%
Atchison 4s 102% Allouez ..; 2%
Gas lets 96% Amalgamated ... 6.J
Mexican Cent 4s.. 82 Daly We6t 47-
N.E Gas & Coke. CO Blngham ...;...' Bltt
Railroads — ; Calumet & Hecla.580
Atchison 80% Centennial ...... 17U
Atchison pfd 100% Copper Range:... 52'«
Boston & Albany.200 Dominion Coal... 13(5%
Boston & Maine. 201 Franklin 10%
N Y, N H & H..229 isle Royale. ...... 12
Fitchburg pfd. ...143% 'Mohawk 40
Union Pacific .103% Old Dominion 19%
Mexican Central. 27% Osceola (50
Miscellaneous — , Parrot I 28
American .Sugar.. 125% Qulncy 132 "
Am Susar pfd....ll» Santa Fe Copper 1*K
Am Tel & Tel... .175% Tamarack .......175
Dom Iron & Steel 52% Trlmountain . U5
General Electric. 30ft Trinity " llii
Mass Electric... 42 United States.... 19
N E Gas & Coke. 3% Utah 2016
United Fruit. ....Ill Victoria °. - 8
United Copper,' 33% Winona ...... 4%
U S Steel :... 37% Wolverine ....!.. 55.
London Market.'
NEW YORK, June 24. — Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says: Stocks
began 'cheerful, the public buying: home: rails
on 'account of coronation traffic- About 12:30
o'clock on the startling news that the corona
tion had been postponed, consols slumped % to
95%, Every thing, was depressed; but it was' not
panicky. There is no big account anywhere
and the movement Is merely sentimental ex
cept in the case of consols, where a. large ac
«ouot:«l.t« that may prevent. a reduction of
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902.
11
New York Grain and Produce.
AUCTION SALES
Absolute Dispersal Sale at Auction
TROTTING-BRED BROOD
MARES, COLTS AND FILLIES
From the OABILAN STOCK FARM of HOX-
JESSE D. CARR, Salinas, Cal.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26. 1002, at 11 a. at..
AT SALESYARD. 1733 Market »t., corner Vaa
Ness ave., San Francisco, Cal.
EIectione«r, Boodle, Wilkes and Mambrino
Patchen Blood, backed by that of the great
Williamson's Belmont. One of the grandest
collections of Brood Mares. Colts and Fllllea
ever offered in California. Hares with colt*
by and In foal to Boodle Jr. 34,835. Nutwood
Wilkes 2:16%. Ecce 15.993. Hambletonian
Wilkes 1S79 and other bigh-class stallions.
Horses at yard June 22. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Klllli> & Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
Jfe> >?> £»fr
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION.
1 If you want to sell anything or buy anything
wait for/our auctions. We have a large as-
sortment of HORSES to suit any business:
also a lot of WAGONS, BUGGIES. CARTS
and HARNESS. GROVE- ST. STABLES.
Grove st.. bet. Polk st. and Van Ness ave..
THURSDAY. June 26.
MADIGAN. O'NEILL A CO.,
."'¦& ¦'¦:' Livestock Auctioneers.
Some GENTLE DRIVING AND "WORK:
HORSES cheap at
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET,
» 721 HOWARD STREET.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902i
12
SA>" FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clc»ck every night in the year.
JJKANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
;X0 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<:33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
::i.VLark:n street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1041 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
L'.Gl Market street corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 b. m.
JCfi Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets : open until 9 p. m.
SiOO Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. & A. M. ¦
— Dt*ree third. THIS June 25, at i UQ -J^
1.. m. By order of the W. M. 7WS
1 H. FORTRIEDE, Sec /V^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. &- A. ¦
M.— Third degree THIS (WEDNES- ,~/\_
DAY) EVENING, at '< :.*0 o'clock. /^J\
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. /?'
MISSION Lodge~No. 169. F. & A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
iVFMNG at 7::W1 o'clock; third de- TffTy
g iee. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. r%r*
ABOL' Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112, j^tfjHj^a.
1 O. O. F. — Members are hereby
notified to attend iuneral of our
laie brother. OSCAR McELROY. "*>/»^
WKDNESDAY. March 25. Assemble lodge-
room 1 o- clock. L. H. KAUFFUNG. N. G.
6PARTAN Lodge No. 123, I. O.
O F will h.ive initiation THIS
¦ WEDNESDAY) EVENING. June
23. Visitors cordially invited. n *\
F. MEINHOLD, N. G.
T. C. LEARY. Secretary. *
GRAND PEACE OELEBRATIO^f. Coronation
dey, Thursday. June 26. at S p. m.. Metro-
politan Hall. San Francisco. II. B. M. Con- |
ml General presiding. A splendid programme
of patriotic vocal and instrumental music
and short speeches by prominent citizens.
General admission, 50c: reserved, uc. Tickets
<n eale at British Consulate. 500 Battery st;
Thames and Mersey Insurance. 305 Califor-
nia- Pacific States Loan Ass'n. 410 Pine st;
British Caiifornian office. 403 Emma Spreck-
elf bldg.: Palms Kestaurant. 783 Market;
Dr d'Evelyn, Phe'.an bldg. : J. J. Newbegin,
Flood tldg": Mrs. Atkinson. 427 Kearny si.
Ir aid cf the Homes Reconstruction Fund
(South Africa). r
THE Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
will hold a special ir.eeting July 8. 1902. By
order. CHARLES B. GRAVES. President
~~ ALLAOIO CHEAM CHEESE.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream ;
easily digested ; a dinner however plain U
made" more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets. or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 120H Sutter st.
ATTOKNEYS AT LAW.
R W. KING, atty.. Kxaminer building, room
C13; ail cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
paees, partnership*, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established IU yrs.
G. W. HOWK. S:.Q Market Et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: i>hone Mint 805. S19 Market st.
J. M. THUUSTON: office open every even-
ing: private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE tree; no charpe unless successiul; all
cetes; open evRs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market
JOHN* It A1TKEN. attorney at law. Rooms
3O1I-10-11. Olunie bldg.. 503 California st
L. 6. CLAKK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ktt ft. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
11OAUDI\<; I'OR CHILDKES.
GOOD home for cliild and parent, with room
and board. vm;>^ Devisagero Et
1IK : Vl'LES — For £nle or Exchange.
Al.LtTN has best bicycles made; ail prices; call I
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. au5 Market. 19C8 to 1974 Page.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
UOOK6 of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 114'J Market: teL Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $250; RESTAURANT and chophouse on
O'Farrell st; good t-usiness; rent $75. Par-
Oculars R. G. WILKE. 26>i Kearny st. __
$560 — COAL and wood yard on Howard st. ; es-
tablished 25 years; two wagons, horse, etc.;
a good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
Kearny- st.
A — tlOOO; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
¦t; 4 living rooms; rent $45; place estab-
liEhed years; in short, a good business. See
R. G. WILKE. 26I2 Kearny st.
A— $1400; SALOON on Geary 6t; choice cor-
ner; card and olub rooms; nice fixtures; a
wfll-riatronized and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st
A — CORNER grocery ond bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent $25; with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A— $C50; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; pood paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE, 26>,£ Kearny.
A — $1300; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business: clearing at least $150
per month; a good Investment. Call IU G.
WILKE. 2t>'4 Kearny st.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny tt. ; rent $75; a place established for
JO years and clearing at least $250 per month.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
JCSEPH STRAUB.
A dressmaking parlor in good residence and
business section: well established; investigate.
A branch bakery, candy and ice cream and
notion store; good trade; rooms; rent $18.
A cigar stand In wholesale district; owner
has other business to look after.
A country dry goods and i.otions store; kept
by present owner for years.
A saloon r.ear Market and Third sts.; good
buBineFs; lease; only $1800.
A partner in good old established bakery;
this is a v^ry good chance; only $1000.
A saloon: good stand and paying; near Hall
of Justice; owner has other business
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st
SOME bargains at McBrtde & Co.'s. 765 Markt.
$120 — Home bakery with bake oven; boss sick.
$140 — Restaurant; must be sold.
$7(X( — Roadhouse near city; good trade.
$300 — Saloon near water front; more bargains.
CHICKEN ranches. Fruitvale. $300, $500; bar-
galns. McBRIDE & CC, 765 Market at.
GOOD located livery stable. $1500. Call on
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st
SOME GENUINE BARGAINS BY BROWN
& CO.
Grocery, Market st., at invoice price $373
Partner, contracting business. $75 month. 175
Partner. Market Et. saloon; $100 month.. 300
Partner in restaurant, take cash 73
JIous*- and lot; tunny .side; $100 down .1000
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st; est 1886.
$C->o— TRUSTWORTHY partner wanted for
plain office work and do collecting in old-
established contracting and manufacturing
bueinesf; clears $3C0 month; owner is prac-
tical and responsible man. Apply P. 3.
DB LUC A. 012 Clay st.
HOME Realty. 873 aiarket; phone Folsom 1207.
*7«0 — Kestaurant to exch. for lodging-house.
*'Jf*\ — Cigar rtand: central; bargain.
*400— y-room lodging-house; near Third st
<ir>Ou — :;S-room housekeeping; snap; low rent.
$200— BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery ; new
ovrn; pood business; large cellar suitable for
any bakery; 3 living rooms. BASILE.3 Eddy.
? J 25 — FRUIT ftore; j,ood location; fine busi-
_jn*t*. 3 liv. rms; sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
A— *430: EST. tailoring bus.; choice location-
rent $12; at invoice. Kredo & Co.. 14 Flood bg!
$1100— GROCERY. Oakland"! $40 day stock
— - on JL^S.gr > . l ?-_lF. REDO & co ' u F i<x>& bg.
A ~* C( *U- CA , N V T and Icc cream parlor. Room
«0a. 027 Market st.. bet 12 and 1 o'clock.
KESTAURANT for ecle; doing first-class busi-
ness; clearing over $300 a month; must sell-
owner going to Europe; price $3500. For
particulars address box 1195. Call; only those
that mean business reply.
FOR SALE— An old established liquor busi-
ness; good location; large Ktock ; owner re
tiring; eagy terms. P. O. box 5. Fruitvale.
LAUNDRY route for sale: 100 customers-
wagon and harness; $275. Box 1200. Call.
» OLD-ESTABLISHED, well equipped barber
fhor> for *al«- on account of sickness of owner
Jgie^'^nr* W - A - MaCkln ** f
.A— CORNER cisar store; will be sold at a
sacrifice: <learinr $3 i>er day; full value tn
sight. 101 G Market st.. rocm 10.
CANDY rtcre et a facriflce if taken at once-
will E^ll entire or part. For particulars
v.-rlte box 1185. Call.
FOR LEASE— Hctel; mineral baths near by;
open all year; furaish<HJ: lovely ground's-
flrst-claes i.lac-t. Box 4S.S5, Call office.
»30C-I!ALOOK: cood trade; full value; 3 bark
roome; rent $J5; mutt ba eoid at once CD2Vi
Third tt.
FOR SALE— Agency of Call at Santa Crux. In-
<juire A. EODEMAN, 25 Otis Et., Santa Cruz.
$050 — Restaurant with 17 well-furnished rooms"
Urge business. Call at once 004 Third 6t
ROUTE tn Western Addition; building up d!»-
Wtct; reasonable Bex 1732. Call.
WANTED — Position as bartonder, by a compe-
tent man; country preferred. Address box
4888. Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Painting and paper hanging: city
or country; at low figure. Box 1163, Call. ¦
A YOUNG man, 22, ceslres a position as night
clerk in hotel; city or country. Box 1158,Cal].-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and" financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC ¦ STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW, elegant corner flat of S rooms and bath;
Inlaid floors; electric lights free; n*nt reason-
able.; NW. Page and Broderick. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mon:KOhiery st
AN elegant upper flat. 6 sunny rooms and
basement; Just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts.; half block from Market
st. ; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
1422 GREEN. 5 r... $20 '1355 Geary, 7 r... $37 50
1109 Page, 4 rms.. $15 1 2957 Jackson, 8r....$35
SPECK & CO., CG7 Market st.
A— $17 50; CHEAPEST flat in city: 5 sunny
rms.. bath. 549 Valencia st. bet. 16th & 17th.
BEAUTIFUL modern, sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; rent $27 50. 834 Page st, near Scott.
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and' bath, Rincon
Hill. 161 Hawthorne st., near Harrison. .
CARL, 258— Yard, basement, sunny, front:
beautiful view of park; Just completed.
TWO new sunny flats of 7 and 9 rooms; north
i .ide. 1112-1116. Fell st.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
ORPHBUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady, would like to
have a position as housekeeper for widower
with 1 or 2 children. Please call from 2 to
.6 p. m., 937 Mission st. ; ' ¦ ~
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by the
day: washing and ironing; experienced on
children's clothes; city ref. Address 1275
FolEom st.
WANTED — Situation as first-class cook; city
or country; good references. Please call at
1023 Fillmore St., near Pine; no mall an-
swered.
DRESSMAKER from City of Paris will go out
by the day; $2; city or country: take work at
home. 1S12 O'Farrell St., near Steiner.
GIRL for cooking and downstairg work; wages
from $25 to $30. Call 741 Harrison st. ; no
postals; reference.
A MIDDLE-AGED American woman desires
1 housework for 2 or 3 adults, or chamberwork.
Address Madam, box 1197. Call..
A YOUNG woman wishes position as cook or
" to do housework; no cards; good reference.
36 Ivy ave.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter
would like a position. Box 1196, Call office.
SWEDISH •weman wants work by the day. Is
first-class laundress and cook; can give first-
class references. 1223 Steiner «t.
AN experienced nurse wishes position in insti-
tution or private family; best of city refer-
ences. Box 3162. Call office.
EXPERIENCED girl wants situation for up-
stairs work; best of references. Address L.
A.. 40 Colllngwood st
COMPETENT young woman desires position as
second girl or housekeeper. Call or Address
1133 Guerrero st.. near Twenty- fourth.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
kct— 200 rooms*. 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; fr-e
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Ha rear. 639 McAllister st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eur>3crlptkns has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SOBER young man wishes work as choreman
about private family; can milk, care for
horses and do Inside work; have references.
Box 1074, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS window dresser and card writer
desires position wlth^-Al firm in or out of
city. Box 1159, Call.
BOOKKEEPER or assistant bookkeeper de-
sires position with some good firm; best of
references. Box 1161. Call.
WANTED — By shoe salesman and window
dresser, position In or near city. THOMAS
WILSON. General Delivery, S. F. -
SITUATION wanted as anitor or run elevator;
best of references. Address box 1103, Call.
STEADY, sober young man wishes to drive
team or do porter work. Box 1198, Cal.
V A YOUNG Irishman. 22, would like to learn
. bartending trade; some experience. Box 1157,
Call. •
WANTED — Situation by a middle-aged Ger-
man; good gardener; steady and sober; refer-
ences. Box 4S86, Call office. Oakland.
EAGLE-
J!*E LP \V ANTED— -31 ALE.
A— MURRAY & READY t«4-63G Clay st.
...Phone Main 584S..
..Leading Employment, and Labor Agents...
......Open 7 a. m :
SPECIAL TO-DAY
UTAH.' .STATE UTAH
FREE FKEE FREE
We ship to Utah to-day
Also to.....
NEVADA RENO WADSWORTH
Salt Lake . Division, Wells. . Palisade. Roke-
by Carlin, Lucin, Fenelon • • •
.FOR K. R. WORK. ••
1000 teamsters 75 car dumper3
500 laborers... 50 dnhers
750 concrete mixers 50 rockmen
.WE SHIP FREE
UTAH Call early UTAH...
•;... MISCELLANEOUS
This Job will suit you :
Teamster, mine co., $32 50 and fd.; married
teamster, country; deckhand, dredger, $33
and fd. ; boy to drive small milk wagon, city;
choreman, make butter, private place, $30
and fd. ; stableman, truck stable, city. $15
week; 0 hostlers, $35 and $40 arid fd.; 4
stablemen, country; farmer and wife, small
vineyard and easy Job, $35 and fd. ; 4 men
and wives, other places; 27 boys to learn
trades and work In factories: 3 handy men ou
ranches, $30 and fd
MECHANICAL
MILLWRIGHTS BLACKSMITHS
Millwright, large sawmill $120 and found
Millwright, see boss here. \ country, $4 day;
millwright, married, see boss here; 2 car-
penters, rough work, Nevada, fare returned,
$90; cooper, oil company; cooper, pickle fac-
tory, $40 and found; planerman, sawmill, see
boss here, $50 and found; molder; foreman
on sash weights; sheet iron worker; carriage
painter, $40 and found; 3 house painters,
city; blacksmith, no shoeing, company work.
$2 50 day; « blacksmiths, wagon shops, $3;
12 blacksmiths, shops and camps; ranch
blacksmith, steady Job, $50 and found; 7
blacksmiths' helpers; woodworker, city job;
Ll n B e o a R TKT.::::.\^:::::::::::BiGWAGEs
15 laborers, manufacturing company, fare ?1.
no experience required, $4'J 50 per month and
found; 25 laborers, city work, board home,
$1 75 day; 14 laborers, near city, §60; 12 la-
borers city factory, $1 75 to $2 day; 25 la-
borers for railway iron work, steady Job,
$1 75 day and up; 6 laborers, ranch, $60 and
found ; 4 laborers for mine, south, $42 and
found; 5 laborers, mine, $2 50 fare, $40 and
found; 20 laborers, mine, no experience need-
ed, $40 to $50 and found; 275 laborers, other
Jobs, free fare '
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
341 men to work in hay and harvest fields,
farms, orchards and vineyards, steady Jobs,
$1 25, $1 50 $2, $2 25 day and found, $30,
$35 and $40 and found; 5 laborers for ranch,
fare 50c. $30 and found; 76 milkers and
dairymen, some fare paid, $30 to $40 and
found; cheesemaker for factory; 6 teamsters,
big farm, $40 and found.
..:. FAKE PAID
SAW MILLS
!I5O milling men to work in 67 different saw-
mills ' woods and yards; no experience re-
quired; wages $30 to $C0 and fd; we pay your
lare; 30 swampers, large lumber co.. fare
paid; 20 lumber pilers, Santa Cruz co., $40
and fd. ; planer man, see boss here, $50 and
fd. ; millwright,- sawmill, $120 and fd.: 5
swampers, San Mateo Co., $40 and fd; lum-
ber grader, $2 50 day. . V •
SPECIALS.
Assayer, gold mine, see boss here; lum-
ber grader, see boss here, $75; shipping
clerk, lumber co., $3 day, must have experi-
ence; -bookkeeper and stenographer, ranch,
. $50 and fd.
List of Jobs Ready 7 a. m.
HOTELS— BUTCHERS.
6 cooks, country hotel, $50 and fd; cook,
fare paid, country hotel, $30 and fd. ; cook,
city restaurant, $50 and fd. ; cook and waiter,
camp, fare paid, $40 and $25 and fd.; 26
cooks, other Jobs, camps, ranches, etc., $25
to $60 and fd; butcher shop, no slaughter, $30
and fd see 'boss here; butcher, country shop.
$30 and fd; hotel butcher; butcher shop and
• wacon, city.
FARE PAID.
Second cook, mine boarding-house, $40 & fd.
third cook $30; waiter. $30; dishwasher. v -o:
AH same hotel, Humboldt Co Fare paid
Baker, country shop, $50 and fd. ; 2d baker,
$35 and f d. ; pastry baker, country hotel, fare
$2, $50 and fd. ; pastry cook, springs, lare
$1 50, $45 and fd. ; waiter officers' mess, $30
and increase; 10 waiters, other Jobs, $40, $35
and $30 and f d. ; 20 kitchen hands, -dishwash-
ers and porters. ¦ .
Get our list of positions.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AA— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Phone Main 1191.
400 laborers, teamsters, concrete men and
rock men, $2 25 and $2 50 per day.. Fee $1
FREE FARE FREE. FARE
To Reno, Vista, Wadsworth. Rokeby and
Telegraph Point We ship as advertised
350 men for S. P. Co.'s work
For Sacramento, Western and Coast Division.
To Tracy, Florin, Oakland, San Mateo, Red-
wood City and other points, $1 60, $1 75 & $2
Section, extra and concrete gangs.. Free fare
200. laborers and miners.. $2 to ?2 50 per day
Foreman, small scraper gang. .$2 50 and fd
5 teamsters near city.... $1 50 and found
16 tanbark men. Mendocino Co.. $2 per cord
8 tlemakers. Mendocino Co 12c to ISc each
7 woodchoppers $2 50 per cord
3 men to clear land .$30 per acre
25 laborers near city. $2 per day
20 Concrete men near city, free fare.$2 25 day
18 laborers $30 and found
o cooks, country $30 to $45
10 waiters, dishwasher and porter, $15 to $25
and found -
Many other positions. Call and read our bul-
letins
10 STOUT boys, $1 25 day; 100 laborers for
mines, quarries and brick xards; 25 laborers
for work about mill and wbods, $2 to $2 75
day; laborers, $35 and board and $2 25 day;
:j carpenters, $3. S3 50 and $4 day; carpenter,
for sawmill, $50 and board; 4 blacksmiths,
$2 50 day and $45 month and board and
< $3 50 day; blacksmith helpers, $40 and board
and $2 day; farmers, milkers, choremen and
woodchoppers, $1 §0 cord, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st
MAN about place, $:to and found ; man and
wife, private family, $50; 2 farmers and
wives, $40. and S50 and found. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
3 HOTEL cooks, $45 and $50 and found; cook
for lunch place, no Sunday work, $45; cook,
' small' place, $30; 10 waiters for country ho-
tels, $30; night cook and waiter, country
hotel; $35; man and wife for kitchen work,
S45, and other hotel and restaurant help. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCy!
59 Third st. nr. Call Bldg.: Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE UTAH AND NEVADA
500 teamsters and rockmen $2 25 to $2 50 a day
5 carpenters' helpers, country.... $2 per day
10. lumber pilers. .. .$40 per month & board
20 woodsmen. ..$40 to $00 per month & boaid
20 concrete men. near city $2 25 per day
S men to. Ditch hay... $150 per day & board
4 men to run mowing machine. $1 50 day & bd
5 general ranch hands $32 50 per month
Buggy washer who can drive.. $65 a month
Man p.nd wife for Nevada, man for light
chore Job. wife to cook for 5 adults, $45,
See boss here fare paid
CAL. EMP. AGENCY 59 Third bt.
ANDRE'S Office, '316 Stockton st.
FOR SPRINGS AXD SUMMER RESORTS.
Waiter, $30: vesetableman, $20 and fd.;
dishwasher, $25. fare 50c; dishwasher, $25.
fare 40c; dishwasher, $30, fare paid; dish-
washer, Santa Cruz, $25; porter, $20; washer,"
steam laundry, $30; waiter. Eureka, $35,
fare paid; short order cook. $30 and fd.
FOR CITY.
Chief cook, $75: second cook, $33; potwasher,
$30; dishwasher, S7 a week; vegetableman,
$25: dishwasher, small place. $15; night ele-
vator man, $35; waiter, $45; pastry cook.
*35; kitchen hand, hotel, $25; dishwasher, (5
days, $6 a. week: lunnh cook, S45, etc.
A MANY dishwasher for first-class hotel at
Lake Tahoe; a man for cleaning and sirub-
lins in Mme place, J25; 2 good pantry men,
Kirao place, S25 each. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter st; near Powell. j
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r 12.
Houseman, $25: porter. $20; head waiter;
Ehort-rrder cook, $00; bell boy, $12 50; fry
-cook, $40. ,
A CHEF for first-class SDrings; one preferred
who has worked in California: $75. MRS.
M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
EX-INDUSTRIAL and other first-class asents.
here's your chance: entirely new proposition;
opportunity of a lifetime; get In on the
Kround floor: call Immediately. Rooms 1 and
2, Pacific Mutual building, corner Sacra-men-
• to p.nd Mjntsomery sts.
STEADY irnn with .*100 cash will find nn
opsniner where ho can make $05 per month,
with chance of lncrovn; ntcady place. Ap-
ply 1016 Market Bt.. room 10. S
WANTED — Mnlo ntcn^Krapher and typewriter;
must hav.» hud experience In railway office
work. AddroaH, stating oxperlence, ralary
exp»-ctPf1, npp. etc., box 71.11), Call.
LACEnnd <»mbrolil«>ry nalosmnn of experience;
jrood popltlnn t<> rlirht nnrtv. Apply KOHL-
tiBERQ, KTUAITBH Ak_PIlOHMAN. 107 Post.
WANTED — liioldcrs, machinists and drwusrhts-
•mnn. Aildn 1 '* or npply Denlcla Agricultural
Worltd, ttanlcln, «'nl,
RKAL CHtrttft houift wnntn outside man to se-
ctirp fruit rnotn, etc.; ntnt« hko nnd business
nxnarlttnrn. Atldrepn box 1102. Call.
fc'OI.IiKHKUH, tonyn nntl (tlrU. Apply Amer-
lpnn Cnn Co,, fnrtory S«iv#nth and Townsend
*t*,, fliui Kranalren,
KXfM3mlTN<?RI) "jinrdwnre imWfmnn. retail
more; Wrtjsea fftjipf \v««k. Hox linn, Call,
*lt»lh>K h|t._ttin1 wli.-n- hint itmployod.
JfSWBbfl? *nl«<*mnu— -Htntn experiences and
BHlary expflpuf). ti.ix tliu, Call.
COOK WttMfrfl; [slhort. ordtr. 2833 Greenwich
piled: • ..
yOOH (shria MMlictimn for th« country.. Annly
Imfors Ht a, m,. H2H Kciirny nt. . . .
WANT13I>^A firenxtrmn nn coats; come ready
to work, _.'i iiffink »t. room 0.
QnnANDJboy wanted. F. malloye. 422
HiMTtuiipnto et. , . ¦ . .
OOOD blnckntnllh fop awning work. 1139
";;> MEDICAL. ;__
A— DR. O*DONNEI.L. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on femals complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the.untortunate helped: relief in all
eases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases- free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. C. W. O'DON'- 1
NELL, office & residence. 101H Mkt; op. 5th 4
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement lCUSVi Market st. opp. Fift'u.
MRS. DR. WYETH — Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home in
confinement. Moved to 72S Post St.. nr. Jones.
A — DR. ROSEN: thi3 specialist exercises tha
most importr.nt of modern principles in treat-
ins and curtig female complaints: ladies, all
who are sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results: fee low. 1007% Market st.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero — Graduate Royal
University; ' 25 years' midwifery experience;
takes ladies before & during connnemt.; terms
reasonable: infanta adopted. Tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants
free: fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st.nr. Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and durln?
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
Mrs. Dr. Wegener, formerly G. G. ave., now 210
Eddy st. — Home for patients: babies adopted.
DR AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHEPvB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES— Kumrond 13 safe & sure; never fat!»;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay& Kearny.
DR NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton »t. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cared by herbs.
FOR sale — Seme mining and oil stocks; wi!l \
stand closest Investigation: cheap if so'.iA
quick. W. E. wwsti.akk Palace Hotel. *V
3IISCELLANEOLS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont St.
TENTS — TENTS — TENTS.
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear gt
BAR fixtures; big stock: Installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy term* or rented. Th«
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand. boilers, engines, dynamo*,
motors, pumps, wood and. Iron working ma*
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale St.
A BARGAIN— A 35 H. P. distillate engin*.
never used. Address box 1187, Call office.
THE public Is warned that the old firm at
Uncle Harris has retired from business.
PIPE — Vt to 6 In. ; screw, flange or lead Joint*.
brass and Iron fittings. Thompson. 40 Main.
HAMMOCKS
At half price. 102 Clay st.
ENGINES, boilers. lathes, planers, second-haai
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beala st
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia st., cor. 13th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
! BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock,
BAKER & HAMILTON. '
Edison phonographs, records, scpplles, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2,1-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at. ,
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER- '
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-band machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters. SE. cor. 2d & Brannaa.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines St boiler*
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pie-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post »t.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. .
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — Second-hand wood-turning lathe,
about 10-inch swing. Address box 4S87, Call
office, Oakland.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. Box 4060. Call office.
TILTON -wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought- J. R. JEN'KEL. 817 Market at.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bldg.
...'...$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE «
On first and second mortgages «
Life interests in estates m
Property being held In trust
......Undivided Interests in real estate «
Estates in probate-;-Legacles „
...Assignment of' rents „
Life Insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY ,
...601-602 Examiner building ,
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room X
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. ,
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate
On estates In probate. .__.
On legacies.
-,¦>',;> NO DELAT. - i
Telephone Main 5513. 1
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room *.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first. '
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSgy.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 32S Montgomery St.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of Interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest . rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S49
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 108 Grant av«-. nesa
Geary st; phono Red 1603.
¦ ''i * I —^^»
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages an4 oa
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount]
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary it. room 3flL
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCT — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; so removal ;money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerag*;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strtctly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowes:
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott b'f.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
' confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflJen-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$500,COO ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st or
2d mtgs..und'vd. interests, estates In probat*.
life* Ins. policies, etc. Harper. 4S0 Parrott bd.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.118 McAllister »t 1
3% ON|furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, flsor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Etc.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
S1C00; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r 1-
CASH loaned salaried people on not* without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bids-
, LOANS money on salary: no lndorser: Eastera
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bldg. _
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AI.j-. makes and grades handled: largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
I: Steinway ...$9j to S2St
2 Knabe $85 to $1U
2 Fischer $75 to $1*«
1 Bcurne $4il
Over 5«0O Heine pianos In S. F. Agents for
I*mou3 old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
•Installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-23:
Geary »t.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS ALT. UPRIGHTS.
A Fischer; 3 pedals: mahogany case $1S3
A Vose: ."! oedals; mahocany casj .'... 29"»
A Schwechten; walnut caae; like new... 23'J
A Steinway; mahogany case; less than... :-S(K)
A Pease : fancy oak case 2S5
A Chester: good us new; mahogany 1M
Easy Dayments: fully warranted five yeara.
BENJ. CtTRTAZ Si SON'. 16-18-20 O'FarrplI.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any »im»
within two year* and full purchase price al-
lowrd on a new pt>rrloss Knabe at regular
price; co^ts you only 2«o a day to buy a
pUno from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 3tf
O'F»rr»U »t. : «*tabll*hed 1S50.
WE ift cleaning hou*« and will sell several
odd atyUs iu great reductions. Pianos an !o-v
a* $30. unit In gofut condition. Call • and se*
our un*urp«!>*«>tl line nf now goods aj weli.
THK 7.KNO MA.CVA1S &IU8IC CQL. Jtt»
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
12 ROOMS; elegant: first-class;clears $70.$1200
20 rooms; clears $95; only 800
32 rooms; corner: clears $50 •• 325
45 rooms; clears $200.. ¦¦ 2200 ,
20 rooms; clears $60 - - 200 *
15 rooms: Just listed <>«>0
¦M rooms; clears $250; Investigate 3200
20 rooms: north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 0500
RETSLOFF-McMILLEN; phone John 531.
006 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-8).
WINSTON & WOLF.
Phone Jessie 2211. 1026 Market st
21 rooms; rent $50; part cash $1250
45 rooms; rent $100; new furniture 2500
2S rooms; must sell; make offer: cheap rent
39 rooms; rent $S2; a money-maker — . 1850
OS rooms; modern; elev. ; qpr.; reduced.. 6600
28 rooms: rent $40; part cash 550
9 rooms; cheap rent; G. G. aye 450
23 rooms; central; modern; part cash... 1S5U
31 ROOMS; rent $115; clears $120 month; cor-
ner; rrice (2550; 2 floors; apartment house;
roomers care for their rooms; oak and cherry
• furniture; tnoquet capets.
15 rooms; central; respectable; corner;
clears J80 month: owner will swear to It
before notary public; will sell for $750 spot
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call Bid.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. . .$850
20 rooms; sunny: good renter 950
S rooms; sunny flat; corner ; 200
11 rooms; downtown: good "00
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1^ per cent per month.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
550 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness t-j sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to
show houses. Carriage at door.
Money loaned, 1»4 per cent.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... J500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhouses. flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.). ..Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels.
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
TO huy a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel." vou will benefit financially and secure ,
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of 1
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
RYAN & O'ROURKE moved to 765 Market st.
10 rooms: forced sale; all light -...$550
14 rooms: clears $48: sickness 450
10 rooms; fine location; other business.. 650
500 houses for sale.
$150 CASH, balance in mortgage, will buy a
pood located 12-room lodging-house. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market st.
$100 CASH, balance mortgage, for 7-room lodg-
ing-house. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
CORNER house: 11 rooms: neatly furnished:
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis-
sion Bt. cor. Ninth,
$76 WILL put you in a house newly furnished
clearing $25 per month. Inquire 842 Howard.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. A. FOSTER, famous spiritualist, trance
and materializing medium; free test meeting
every night: suirlt . messages ; sittings daily.
12.} Turk et.
DEVELOPING circle to-night. 8 o'clock. MRS.
SABLICK. 1538 Market st, near Larkin;
readings daily.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, to-mor-
row night. S o'clock; 60c. 10S4 Bush, phone
Larkin 4133. "
BROCK WAY. 1052 Ellis st. near Franklin;
materializing seance; Sun. Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
MBS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: sit. $1: letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell st. nr. Gough: Ellis car.
MRS. HAUSER. v.-onderful medium; truth or
no pay; 50c. 2S Sixth st, room 1.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium :readings
50c, $1. 316 Third St.; cir. Tues., Fri.. 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
~~~™ PROF. PAUL DESTINE.
The First Reelslered as Well aa
the First Graduate Palmist
and Clairvoyant ' Ever
In San Francisco. ;
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life; his information and advice
j on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
i family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining:, etc.. are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the separated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy mmrrlages. makes
you successful and prosperous: locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settlers old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness:
long-standing and chronic diseases that hava ¦
baffled the physician's skill cured without
the use of medicine; there is no home so :
I sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
; lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can.
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this lnsDired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he will help you or charge nothing for his
services; "palmistry taught, medlumistic
persons developed"; learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; fee reasonable. .
326 O'Farrell Street. —326
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?"
PROFESSOR MARCO.
Reunites the separated.
Causes speedy marriages:
' Advice given on any subject:
Mediums developed (guaranteed);
Palmistry taught;
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office, 412 Post st. — 112.
Daily, 10 to 12, 2 to 5, 7 to 9.
Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m.
Readings by mail, 3 questions $1 00.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant arid
palmist permanently located 1104 Market St..
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c: SPECIAL %2 reading one week for 25c:
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunite* the separated: makes
happy and speedy marriages in 9 days. 10 to
S dally. 1010 Mission st, near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second slght;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;Iadles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; readings by mail. 1016 Market st
YOUR fortune told from cradle t.o grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st, clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10a.xn.to8 p.m.
MME. JACQUES. 1035 Market St. Tel. Folsom
34 — Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant: read-
Ings dally this week, 7.1c and up; hours 10 to 9.
WYLLIE. photo medium; skeptics, bring cam-
era and plates; do your own developing. 309
Turk et .
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. '5 Fourth st.
OLDEST palmist and card reader in city; la-
dies 25c; gentlemen, 50c. 1032 Market st
• MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card readerTslt>
tings dally. 44Syfr Jessie st. bet. 5th & 6th.
MME. tlOELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c: G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
PROF. WALLACE, astrological readings this
week. 25c and up. 1035 Market st. suite 1.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MME. MARCEAU. clairvoyant card reader;
25 cents. C25 Minna st
MKS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25r: cert* MV;: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING A.KD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ir.g Works. 353-357 Tehama et. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
[• Pie. A. G. Klelnert 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
j Karlson Karpet Co — CIeanlng2%c yd;upholster-
; ing. 1213 Market.bet.8th&»th;tel.Howard2012.
i ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.-
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM &. CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- beating Works,
o33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
1 vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
¦
EDUCATIONAL'.
he!o^d^*s7?ho?5l^f^e^e^toical~^n^i^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work: thoroughly-
practical; day and night 24 Post st. S. F.;
catalogue free. ¦
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
90 positions since April 1: Ellin bookkeeping
makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Business Col-
lege, 1230 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
I conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13S2 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc.. with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gat?.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Markot
st. for their new catalogue; tt is free and the
nicest In the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,minlng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING elocution, specialties ; Hallet S-hool;
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr.lOth:
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Vrof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.\
founded 1863; new 80- page, catalogue free.
TO LET — F 11^" 11^^^.'
FURNISHED flatT 8* rooms: desirable part of
California st. Address box 1139, Call.
FURNITURE ¦ FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
OTTO MAX, 1420 California st, pays highest
price for houses, flats, Btores, etc.; auction
estimates made. Phone Larkin 956. • ¦
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days: special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS..
411 and 413 Powell Bt. : tel. Bush 421.
• GLOVES. _^
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others: warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HA\'SEN~&~Co7i.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more waitresses. Lake Co., fare paid,
party here ,. $25
2 waitresses, Bartlett Springs, fare paid.. $20
50 waitresses/city and country hotels. $20-$25
Working housekeeper, small country hotel. $20
Waitress,- same place -$20
Chambermaid, mining town, fare ad- .
vanced $20
3 waitresses, same country hotel. . . .• $25
Waitress, spring, Shasta Co., fare paid... $20
10 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fares paid $25
Cook, private boarding-house ...$40
Mother and daughter as waitress and sec- ¦
ond work $45
Laundress, small place, country, fare paid. $20
2 waitresses, Arizona, fare paid .$25
Cook, small place, country, party here.... $30
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurse, care of 1 child 3 mos. old. $20; house-
girl, watering resort, fare paid. $20, 2 in
family; 20 housegirls, city and country.
Come and see us; if you want work we have
It for all In this department and the above.
C R. HANSEN & CO .429 Bush st.
4 LABELERS, city7 $5 week. For particulars
apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st,
opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny st.
and Grant ave.
A — MAN and wife, woman to be working
housekeeper for family of 5 grown people and
man to take care of one or two horses and
make himself generally useful, party here,
prepaid, $40. for Reno, Nevada. C. R.
HANbEN & CO., 429 Bush St., opposite CaU-
{ fornia Hotel, bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.
A— PANTRYWQMAN for the fruit and cake
panty, must make coffee, first-class springs,
Wo and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429
Bush st, opposite California 'Hotel, bet.
Kearny st. and Grant ave.
A ..CHAMBERMAID for first-class hotel In
Monterey, $20, fare paid both ways, no wait-
Ing at table; a chambermaid for first-class
hotel at Lake Tahoe, $20, no waiting; a girl
to wash glass in hotel, $35; a pantry, girl for
resort, $^5; 2 waitresses for the springs,
*-», rare paid; 2 waitresses (no experience
necessary), $25, fare paid; 2 waitresses for
-Santa Cruz, $25 each; a" waitress for
£apa Springs. .«25, fare paid. Call early on
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter, nr. Powell
A . WO * IA N to wash dishes in first-class ho-
tel, Santa Cruz, $25; a young, strong .elrlto
wash glasses and silver, $25; a waitress for
Adam S Springs. $25. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
butter st., near Powell.
W M? T ?£~ ( ? ook and "cond sirl. same house.
$30, $2o; Infant nurse, $20; housework. 2
family, $30: 10 waitresses, summer resorts,
rare paid. $25; cook, hotel, Los Gatos $30;
parlormaid. $30; laundress, $30; 3 chamber-
maids, $17. $50. $20; man and wife, kitchen
work and boarding house $45; 4 second girls
city and country. $25; 100 girls for cooking!
housework, waiting and all kinds of house-
work, good wages, city and country; call to-
day.> J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, Santa Cruz Mountains, $35;
waitress same place, fares paid, $25; wait-
resses. Lake Tahoe, springs, mountain and
water resorts. Pacific Grove. Santa Cruz $25;
waitresses for San Jose, Fresno Stockton,
Marysville, Salinas, fares paid. $25. MRS
M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
YOUNG girl living at home to work part time
afternoons and evenings in candy store; no
experience necessary. MRS. M. E DAY, 335
Geary st.
GIRL to do waiting and chamberwork at small
summer resort In Glen Ellen, wages $25;
also young girl, 14 to 16, to assist with
housework, In city. Call 326 Halght st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. ' , '
HAIRDRESSING. manicuring, massage, hair
work taught in 2 weeks, $4 50; positions guar-
anteed in stores and with private customers,
$50 and $75 per month; class day and even-
lng. College 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
WANTED — Bright, active woman who can de-
| vote . afternoons to profitable employment
with well established house; no canvassing.
Address Box 1194, Call.
WANTED — Lady for candy store; must have
experience. Call to-day from 9 to 11 a. m.,
Blum's Confectionery, corner Polk and Sut-
ter sts.
WANTED— 3 vest finishers, also girls to
learn. Apply Factory S. N. WOOD CO., 27
Geary st.
WANTED — Young lady to do lacquering on
brass work. Apply Pacific Metal Bedstead
Company, Bay and Stockton sts. '
WANTED — 5 girls to travel with show; no ex-
perience needed. Call between 1 and 2 p. m.
at 765 Market st, room 2.
GOOD finisher on custom coats: steady work;
good pay. ; 110 Olive ave., bet. Ellis and
O'Farrell sts., off Polk. >.?<;
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market «t
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LED-
.ERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS V sewers ladies' wrappers, tennis
gowns, etc. H.' FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell.
TAILORESS, finishers, apprentices on custom
coats. 921 Howard st.
SKIRT and waist hands. 1913 Sacramento St.,
near B'ranklin. . . -
WANTED— First-class waitress. Apply The
Crocker, 915 Leavenworth st. ¦
GOOD girl to wait table or to learn; wages
paid. Restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
GIRL, assist with housework; 3 in family.
1310 Fulton st.
GIRL for housework, and plain cooking in
small German family. 1444 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Two good lady barbers; 70c on $1.
at Lady Barbers, 528 Sixth st. .
WANTED — A girl for general j housework;
wages $20. Apply 514 . Devisadero st. ¦ . .
GIRL or woman for housework; must sleep
home. 2002' Howard st., near 16th St..
WANTED — First class finisher on coats. 304 V,
Third st. • .
WANTED — A tailoress to work on custom
coats. 246 Sutter St., room 17,
WANTED — An experienced waist hand at 1-1
Grant ave., room 04.
GOOD hands, on vests, by machine and by
hand." 6-11% Stevenson st.
LUNCH waitress wanted. William Tell Res-
taurant, 315 Bush st.
WANTED — A German girl for light house-
work. 2.114 California st.
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month:
halrdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
PACIFIC College, 1236 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister; learn for $5; halrdresslng, rnas-
sage, dyeing,' manicuring, switches, etc.; po-
sitions guar. in stores and private; day, eve.
OPERATORS, experienced; also learner's, paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS. Muslin
Underwear Factory,' 597 Mission st,
SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. FRED J.
_BAUMEL, 1608 Market st. near Ninth,
NEAT reliable girl, housework small fa.ni
lly. , 851 Fulton st. .
WANTED — A woman accustomed to teaching
for lucrative position. Box 1181, .Call,
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for child him
, do light housework. 621 Sacramento It,
WANTED — Fancy ironer. Oakland I.HUnrir;
Co., Ci)0 Twenty-ninth st, Oakland.
, GIRL for housework and plain cooking; hhuiII
flat; references; $15. 1025 Lanruna, nr, Turk.
TALENTED amateur - performer*. Apply lit
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no uijom,
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per wenkj
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room l.'J.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. . •
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
"ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy.. r. 85, Oltt Market St.; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No chargs
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market 8t.
COTTAGES TifJ ' LET.
$15— TO-DAY, to let, 4 rooms and bath. 2134
.Union st. : no children; reference.
DENTISTS.^ t _^
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
- our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices In S. F.;
' painless extraction, 60c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS. Pres.. 9f>9 Mission St., SK.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. '¦___
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m- ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
¦ Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth wlthoul plate. DR] ii^ BT
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND^SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
TtELP WAXTED--MALB— Cow.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO'S 420 Bush St.
Between Kearny and Grant ave.
FOR NEVADA AND UTAH.
No office- fee Free fare
No- office fee Free * are
WE SHIP TO-DAY.
Carload teankters £• g- w °^ k
Carload laborers •«• "£• wor £
Carload concrete men K. K. wor«
Carload rockmen K. K ; w^ r *
Wages $2, $2 23, $2 50 and $;> a day
Come one Costs you nothing Come all
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
500 tunnelmen. drillers, headers and muckers
$2 to $3 a day
Free fare. .'." . Ship dally Free fare
50 laborers, company work...... 12 25 a day
50 laborers, near city J- a day
50 lumber pliers". and woodsmen. $35 and
found, see boss here; 3 millwrights. $3 50 a
day; 20 haymakers. $1 5». to $2- a day;
farmers milkers and choremen. $20 to ?¦*)•
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Baker and pastry cook for springs. $S0; meat
and pastry cook, country hotel, $00; camp
cook, R. R. camp, $50 and free fare; head
waiter, summer resort, $35 and fare paid;
kitchen steward, country hotel, $45; second
cook, country hotel. $50; baker and pastry
cook for springs. $45; 20 second cooks, broil-
ers and fryers, hotels and restaurants, resorts
and springs, $40 to $70; pantryman for
springs, $35 to $40; 20 dishwashers and kit-
chen hands, resorts and springs, $25 to $33;
ranch cook. $30. .
C. R. .HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St.
Between Kearny and Grant ave.
WANTED— By E. B. & A. L. STONE CO. team-
sters and laborers for R. R. work In Nevada:
free fare; ship at 5:15 p. m. Mon., Wed. and
Fri.; four-horse skinners, S2 25 per day; la-
borers. $2 per day; board, $5 25 per week. Re-
port with blankets at 900 Broadway. Oakland.
PLUMBER'S ' helper wanted. 2987 Sixteenth
.street. j
A BOY wanted to learn blacksmithing. 1168
Mission st. •
WANTED — A sheetlron worker at 110 Steu-
art st. '
EXTRA waiter at 212 Brannan st.
MAN with $100 cash for cigar stand; $2 50 day
guaranteed. BROWN, 1?21 Market st.
WANTED — Painter and paper hanger. 407
Brannan st. ¦
LUNCH waiter wanted at 223 Brannan st.
DISHWASHER wanted; wages $7 per week;
call early. 2 Eighth st/ •
EXPERIENCED waiter. 5 Folk st., near
Market. .
WANTED— Bright, active, well educated young
men ' to present to the consideration of the
physicians of the Pacific Coast a well known
feed product exploited by a large New
York corporation; salary and traveling ex-
penses paid." Address Box 1178. Call.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8. navy; able bodied, unmarried men -of good
character, between the ages* of 21 and 35; not
lees than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 8 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
$175 cash, light contracting business; $75
month year around; no experience necessary;
no night or Sunday work. Particulars
BROWN, 1221 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — A young man, single, to fill the
position of bookkeeper and stenographer;
must have experience. Address Box 11S2,
Call office. • i
WANTED— An experienced packer In a whole-
sale furnishing goods hduse; state references
when making application. Box 1183, Call.
WANTED — Sober, handy man in kitchen; one
who knows a little about cooking. Call be-
- tween 9 and 12 a. m. at 111 Larkin st.
WANTED — Fourth hand cook; steady and so-
ber man. Call between 9 and 12 a. id., at
111 Larkin st.
WANTED— Tailors to work by the week: $1S
per week: steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Molders. machinists and draughts-
man. Address or apply Benicia Agricultural
Works. .Benlcla. Cal. ; .
WANTED — Experienced male and female cut-
ters -for factory, on women's wrappers and
overskirts. Apply box 1116. Call.
WAGON smith wanted at 316 Railroad ave.
South.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 756
Howard st.
WANTED — Porter in a barber shop; light
work. 902 Larkin st.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; good wages.
1507-9 Broderick st., near Sutter.
ERRAND boy. 628 Montgomery St., room 7,
4th floor; apply to-day; steady Job.
BARBER shop for sale at 215 Sixth st. ; ac-
count cf sickness; good furniture: cheap rent.
FOUR laborers. Fifth ave. and M st. South.
WANTED — Honest man with $75; take cash,
restaurant. $40 month. BROWN. 1221 Market.
$10 BUYS two fine barber chairs. 172 Minna
st., room 12.
SWELL dressers, examine our $35 to $75 misfit
' suits for sale at $16 to $23. 104 Second st.
50 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers. $2 and
$2 25 per day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
s}ze 5 to 12. MCDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
PENSION atty.,E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; Bollng 20c up. 823 Howard st.. nr. 8th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet,- 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED. advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions I has been established at 1000
Valencia st.
HORSES^ AND WAGONS.
FOR Sale — A number of fine driving horses in
use In this city every day; broke single and
double; guaranteed perfect in every way;
prices low. Occidental Horse Exchange 246
Third st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — Sorrel horse of about ' 1650 sounds.
work single or double; price $C0. Maud S
Stables, Pierce and Eddy sts.
FOR SALE — New and 2d-hand surreys, bug-
gies, etc. 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE — Fine canopy-top surrey: also, line
open surrey, at Nucleus Stable, 137 Stevenson.
FOR sale — Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113 William st.
A GOOD mare, harness and wagon; cheap. 133
Turk st. ...
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET. 721 Howard.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses.
DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard sur-
re y- narne88 work,drtving horses. 15th&ValencU.
I AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp^
ing wagon for sale cheap. <VG Mission st.
HOUSES TO LEX.
A— PRINTED list houseaTto^leTrsend for "clP
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUXd!~ "
LOST — A finished brass casting, on Market or
Ellis sts; reward. EISEN, Phelan bldg.
LOST — About June 17, small pkg. containing
Jewelry; lib, reward. R. Barth, 141 Post st.
LOST— June 24— Purse containing about $Iiol
liberal reward; no questions. 2601 Howard.
LOST — Purse containing money and diamond
ring; liberal reward at 1303 Turk st.
LOST — Baby's dress and skirt. May 2. Reward
at 110 Olive ave.. bet. Polk st and Van Ness.
LOST — White setter doar. black ears. Return
to NW. cor. Ninth and. Howard sts.; rewaud.
IT will pay to "Remember", that the CaltfornU
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs oM gold
and stiver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES; AND 1'ILLO \VS.
METAL beds, bedding. - camp goods, window
•hades! HOTTER. 712 Mission: tol. Mala 730.COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Prom Page Eleven:
Receipts of Produce. ¦
' s : .. FOR TUESDAY. JUNE 24.
Flour, qr sks... 1,600 Hay, tons .. 350
Wheat, ctla .... 280 Wool, bales ... 136
Barley, ctls 2,020 Sugar, ctls ..... 2,530
Oats, ctls ..... : 910 Tallow. -ctls ... 223
Corn, ctla 630 Pelts, bdls 544
Beans, sks 277 Hides, no 904
Potatoes, sks... 2,432 Leather, roll».. 74
Feed, sks . 100 Wine. gals. .... 55,350
Middlings, sks.. 40 Lime, - bbls.. ... : 364.
Onions, sks .... 5CC Quicksilver, flsk 57
Bran, aks ..... 1,165 [Powder. i car...". 1
Hops, bales ... 40' '.
Flour, qrsks... 11,450/Oats, ctla 6,000
Local securities continue very dull and the
daily volume of trading is the smallest for a
long time. { The' oil stocks are also stagnant
and featureless. .The. only news of, Interest
comes from New York, where the 4 per cent
bonds of the United Railroads of. San Fran
cisco have lately been excited. It seema that
some time ago certain-- speculators In these
bonds sold large lines short. | The delivery time
of these contract I sales having arrived, the
buyers have called on . the sellers . to de
liver the goods, but the latter, are unable to
do so as the bonds are largely held by San
Francisco parties, who are not obliged to let
them "go. The effect of this New York mud
dle has been to run up the price of the bonds,
which, opening yesterday morning at $90 bid,
cash, with offerings at $94. closed at $99 bid
and $100 asked. Somebody In New York will
evidently have to do some tall settling before
the muddle gets straightened . out. •
Advices from Honolulu report the sugar
stocks weak there, with some selling at low
er quotations.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric was lower
at #42 Hi. Business continued very dull.
The Security Savings Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3 6-10 per
cent per annum on term deposits and 3 per cent
on ordinary, payable July 1.
The Sacramento Electric. Gas and Railway
Company has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 15 cents per share, payable July.l.
The Humboldt Savings- and Loan Society has
declared a serai-annual dividend at the pate of
3 per cent per annum on all deposits, payable
July 1. ,
The following quotations for United Railroads
of San Francisco were- received yesterday from
New York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. : Com
mon stock, $23 87%@@24 12%; : preferred.
$64 62 V. ©64 S7%; bonds. $99@100; subscrip
tions. $102@102 75. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 24 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I* ' Bid. Ask.
4s ar coud..110%111% Us qrcp(new)135 136
is qr reg....l0U%110%.*s qr coup... 107 107%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91^ — Oak W G 5S.10414 —
Bay CPC 6s.lOS9i — Oceanic S 5s. 97%10O
C C G&E 5s.l05%106^ Omnibus 6s.. — 129
Cal-st 6s.... 119 — Pac G Im 4s. 98% —
D Costa 5s. ... — 112 Pk & C H6s.lO7%110 "
Ed L & P 6s — — Pk & O R6s. — 125
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. —
Geary-st Bs.. — — Sac EGR 5s.lO3 105
H C&S 5^8.102 — SF & SJV5s. — 122%
Do 6s...,. 97 — Sierra Cal 6s — 115
L Ang R- 5s.ll8%119% S" P Of A 6s
L" A L Co 68.103% — (1900) ....114 114%
Do Ktd.,6s_— . — _ .J1910) 115 —
Do gtd 53.104 — S P ol C 6s
li A & P 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr A.106% — i
Do lem 5s.l04% — I (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6S.127H128U (1900) .... — —
Do lcm 5s.l20% — (1912) ....120% —
N R pf C 6s. 112% — S P of C 1st
Do 5s... ..121 122 c gntd 5s. 120^122
N Pac C Bs.110 — "Do stmpd..l099ill0%
NCR 5s....ll2%113% S P BrCal6s.l40 —
N S R R 56.101 102 S V Wat 6s.lll 111%
Oak Gas 5s.ll2%113% Do 4s 2dm.lO2 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 125 " — Do 4a 3dm.l01%102H
Do 1st C5s.ll3%115 Stkn O&E 6slOO%10iy.
. WATER STOCKS. . •> : -"^
Contra Costa 75% 76% J Port Costa.. 63% R6
Marin Co 59 — | Spring Val. . 89% S9?fc
. GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3 — Pao L Co... 48 — '
Eqt G Ii Co. 8% 3% Sac E G&R. 39% 13
Mutual EL. 4% — S F G & E. 42% —
O G L & H. 61 fi3 S F G L Co. 5% 5%
Pac Gimp.. 35 37. Stkn G & E. 8 —
, INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.270 2S0 V .
.I ? BANKS.
Am B & T.112% — First Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal ..88 00 L P & A 166 —
Bank of Cal.445 — Mex Ex (liq) 27 —
Cal Safe Dp.124 •- S F Nationl. 140 —
SAVINGS "BANKS.
German ...2015 — Sav & Loan. — W> .
Humboldt .. — ¦— (Security Sar.330 40O
Mutual Sav. 80 : — Union Trst. 1830
S F Sav U..535 — ."I . .
; ;.-. STREET RAILROADS.
California". .170 — I Market ...^'90%ioi
Geary ...... — — iPresidio .....39 —
POWDER.
Giant ....... 69 70 vVlgorlt ..... 3tf S%
. • . . , SUGAR.
Hana 3% 4 Kilauea .... — - 10 .
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell ..23 24
Honokaa ... 10% — Onomea .... 23% 24ft
Hutchinson .12 — Paauhau ... 11% —
MISCE—.ANEO'US. " -"\
Alaska Pack.158%160 Pac A F A. 2% — ".
Cal Fruit As 85 100 - Pac C Borx.165 ,
Cal Wine As 09% 101 Par Paint ..25 — ,
Oceanic S Co — — ' . /
' - Morning Session.'
, Board — *
60S F Gas & Electric Co..... 43 00
.10 Spring Valley ,. Water 89 .75
20 Spring Valley Water............ 89 60
$3000 Northern Railway of Cal. 5s 121 50'
Street— ' .
$5000 Market-street Cable 6s 127 50
• ¦' Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Cal Wine Association .100 00
. 50 S F Gas & Electric Co. 42 50
S3 Street— ;«
40 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 39 25
.5 Spring Valley Water...... ....... 89 50
:':' ; v PRODUCERS' ' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session;- ¦ _/¦ .
¦ Board —
1000 Cala-Standard 15
100 Junction ................ « .......'. 21
10 Monte Crlsto • 1 25
. 50 Monte Crlsto 1 30
500 Reed Crude .....;.j.. 31 ¦
Afternoon Session.
Board — . y \
100 Twenty-Eighth 1 30
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and. Exchange Board yesterday: |
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & V.I 351 100 Ophlr ...1 10
200 Mexican ..... 41 1 100 Overman .... 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ..... 12 200 Ophlr .......115
200 Con Cal &¦ V.I 35 200 Overman .... *3l
200 Crown Point. 05 500 Union Con .. 19
j 100 Mexican ..... 43
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange Board yesterday:
. • . , Morning Session.
-200 Caledonia ..'.. /8l 500 Savage ...... 08
1200 Chollar ...... 09 300 Sierra Nev... 13
COO Overman .... 31 500 Union Con ... 18
200 Potosl ....... 10 ¦ '
I Afternoon Session.
300' Belcher ..... 12 300 Mexican ..... 44
500 Challenge .... 15 200 Ophlr ..'.;. ..1 15
200 Chollar ...... 09 200 Overman .... 31
300 Con Cal & V.I 35 200 Sierra Nev... 14
400 Gould & Cur. 06) 300 Union Con... 20
V . .CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
¦ ¦ " '- ' . -* ' ' ¦ "* ¦""'*¦"¦¦.""
¦ ¦ • . . ¦ TUESDAY, June 24 — 1 p. m:
Bld.Ask. • BId.Ask.
Alpha ....... — 03 Justice '". . i . . . 07 OS
Alt* .:... .... 05 -•< 06 Kentuck. .... 01 02
Andes: ....... 05 0C Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher .....All . 12 Mexican/. .... 44 -45
Best & Belch.. 12 .13 Occidental."... 18 20
Bullion' ......; 02 ' <K! Ophlr 1 15 1 2O
Caledonia .... 85 86 Overman .... 31 -33
Challenge 14 > 15 Potosl 19 20
Chollar 08 . 09 Savage ...... 07 09
Confidence . '. .. " 55 60 Scorpion ...... -*-'.! : 04
Con Cal & . V.I 35 1 40 Beg Belcher.. 05 06
Con Imp .... — 01 Sierra Nev... 14 ,15
Con NY..... — 02 Silver. Hill ..' 47 : 4j>
Crown' Point.,- 04 ; - 05 St Louis ....•" OS
Eureka- Con.. . 18 '• — Syndicate.... 07
Exchequer .-¦... . •— .. 01 Union Con... 20 21
Gould- & Cur. . 06 07 Utah ...... '.." 06 07
Hale &Norc. ' 40 43 Yel Jacket.... 13 10
Julia ........— 04 ¦
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES."
Results of the Playing Among Tea_3
on the Diamond.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. .June 24.— St. Louis won a close
game from Cincinnati to-day. Yerkes, though
tiring at the end. held off the visitors lontf
enough to win. Attendance 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis ....*. .:..»..*.. ......... 4 8 2
Cincinnati .11 2
Batteries— Yerkes and Ryan; Phillips and
Bergen. Umpires — Brown and Powers.
CHICAGO. June 24.— Errors by the patched
up local team gave Pittsburg nearly all their
runs and an easy victory to-day. Attendance
1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago ........»....-....;-. 8 ' 9 5
Plttaburg 1 1? . 2
Batteries — Lundgren and . Kahoe; Tannehlll
and Smith. Umpire— O' Day.
BOSTON, June 24.— The Philadelphias shitt
ed their batting order to-day and the change
operated with telling tffect. as the visitors
seemed to have no trouble In connecting with
Eason's curves. Attendance 2200. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 1 * J
Philadelphia 6 H *
Batteries— Eason, Hale and KIttredge; White
and Doonln. Umpire — Cantlllon.
NEW -YORK. June 24.— Brooklyn agal* de-'
feated New York to-day. Hughes, who pitched
for Brooklyn, only allowed the local' team five
hits. Attendance 3200. Score:
R. H. x
Brooklyn -8 10 .»
NewYork 1 5 2
Batteries— Hughes and Ahearn; Sparks and
Bowerman. Umpire — Emslle.
'
f' ¦"..,• : s AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, June 24. — Chicago bunched four
of the seven hlt£ in the fourth and fifth in
nings, and, aided by two stolen baaes, an er
ror, a sacrifice hit and a hit batsman scored
four runs. Attendance 1800. Score;
R. H. . E.
Detroit 2 8 ?
Chicago 5 T 1
Batteries — Miller. Buelow and McGulre; Cal
lahan and McFarland.
CLEVELAND. June 24, — Cleveland won'eai
lly from St. Louis, not a St. Louis player reach-
Ing first base until the seventh Inning. Lajole'*
home run with the bases filled was a feature.
Sudhoff hurt his hand in attempting to stop
a liner and retired. Attendance 2800. Score:
K. H. E.
Cleveland ..........12 13 0
St. Louis 4 8 .0
Batteries — Bernhard and Bemls; Sudhoff.
Harper and Donahue.
BALTIMORE, June 24.— The feature of-to
day's Baltimore- Philadelphia game waa a triple
play, made possible by a marvelous fly catch
by Selbach In the seventh Inning. Plank waa
wild and timely hits enabled the Baltimore
team to bat out the winning runs.- Attendance
27C8. Score: •
... ..... . . . Jt. H. E.
Baltimore... ..6 4 2
Philadelphia 4 10 1
Batteries— Howell and Bresnahan; Plank and
Schreck. - - • '
WASHINGTON. June 24. — Washington took
kindly to Winters' delivery and batted out a
victory from Boston to-day^ Adklna, who re^
lieved Winters after the fifth inning, allowed
the home team only two hits. Attendance 3800.
Score: . .' .
' R. H. E.
Washington.... 7 13 2
Boston B 9 2
Batteries— Orth. and Clarke; Winters. Adklna
and Crlser. , •.
¦ • • ¦ . . — ¦ ? ¦ ;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
' TUESDAY. JUNE .24, 1902,
- Clarence C. Burr, Lucy B. Holman and Mary
N. Allyre (wife of J.) to Edmund C. BUrr, lot
on S line 6f Gretn street, 99:7 E from Frank
lin. E i5:B% by S 137:6; also lot on SW corner
of Oreenwich street and Van Ness avenue, \V
184:9 by S Io7:6; also lot on NW corner of.
Union and Franklin streets. N 123 by W
105:0%; also lot -on NE corner of Union and
Gough streets, N 137:tt by E 131:8%; al»o lot
on N line cf Green street, 235:11% W from
Franklin, E »4:»%, K 1^7:6. W 4<J:0%. SW
144; aira lot on S line of Green street. 13S:19
W from Franklin, W 25 by S 137:6: % .
Fannie H. and Charles A. Belden to May _
Phillips (wife of J. W.), lot on E line of Gough
street, 52:S& N from Clay, N 50 by E 110; $10.
Estate of Fantln White (by Robert Richards,
commissioner) to Mary Burke, George and
John J. White and My G. Floyd, lot on 9 line
of Grove street, 192 : c W from Franklin, V>"
27:0 by S 120; $61(H.
Catherine White (widow) to same, . same;
quitclaim deed; $10.
Balrd Estate (corporation) to. Hugh Keenan.
lot on E line of 'Masonic avenue,. 25 S from
Page street, S 100 by E 93:9; $10.
Frank J. and Mary E. Carroll to Katherina
T. Doyle (single), lot on E line of Clayton
street, 128:9 N from Frederick, N 25 by B
106:3; $10. .
Daniel J. Buckley to Maggie J. Burns, lot on
N line of Chnton Park (Quinn), 115 E from
Guerrero street, E 25 by N 80; quitclaim deed;
$1. - ¦
Richard F. and Etiphemla C. Slogan to Mas?
gie J. Burns (alias Margaret Burns;, same; $10.
-Maggie J. Burns (alias Margaret Burns; to
Lucy M. Reilly, same; $10.
College of Physicians and Surgeons of San
Francisco (corpora tior) to S. P. Blumenberg,
lot on W line of Dolores street, 55 S from
Fourteenth. S 75 by W 100; $10.
James and Honorah Condon to Peter Schmi;:!.
.lot on S line of Twenty-seventh street, 221:8
"VV from Church, W 47 by 8 105; $10.
Maud A. Hayes to John Hayes, lot on N line
of ' Moulton place, 115 W from Mantgomcry
street, also 125 S from Union, W 22:6 by N
62:6: all interest of estate of Aloysius Hansea
2C565;. $10.
Frederick and Mary E. Ryer to Jane M.
Lugsdln (wife of Jay), lot on S line of CFar
rell street, 1_:6 E of Powell, E 25 by S 137:0;
$10.
. Harry, Esther, Leo and Bertha Block to Ada
M. Clark (single) and Rose C. Biggs (wife of
Daniel H.), lot on E line of Larkin street. 112 :«t
N of Ellis. N 25 by E 68:9; $10. ¦ . . ¦
Antoinette N. Burke to John Roaenf eld'»
Sons (corporation) lot .on SW. corner of Mont
gomery and Merchant streets, S 40 by W 137 rt);
$10. - ,
Adellnde M. and L. T. - Peacocke to> Maud A.
Hayes, lot on S corner of Bryant and Ecker
streets. SE' 80 by,SW 25; gift. . ,.
Maud- A. Hayes to John Hayes, same; $10.
Julia H. Trask (Hartahorne), Mary M. Ward
(Hartshorne) . and Robert Hartshorne to Wilcox
Realty Company (corporation), lot on SE line
of Mission street. 75 SW of Third, SW 23, S»
100. NE 5, SE 70, NE 20. NW 170;- $10.
'¦¦ Annie ¦ G. and Jacob Gardner, Robert "W.,
John C. Constance E. V., James E. and Joseph
F. Roberts, Margaret L. and Charles F. Kina
man. Grace H.. and Clark Soence to Mary E.
Roberts, lot on S line of Silver street. 215 E of
Fourth, E 20 by.S 80; also lot en S line of
Natoma street. 80 W of Second. SW 20 by SE
80; also lot on W line of Bright street, 300 N
of Stanley. N 25 by W 100, lot *0. block SO,
City Land Association also lot an 3 line of
Nineteenth street, 155 W of Sanchez,. 8 114 by
W 50; also property outside of county, quit
claim deed; $10. , • • .
Alexander Sharp to Margaret Sharp (wife),
lot commencing 125:6 S of Mariposa street and
100 E of Nebraska street, S 137, E '40, NW to
point, W 19: gift. .
Benjamin. and Theodora ¦ Newman (Vogels
dorff) to Victor Williams, lot on E line of Sev
enth avenue, 175 N of Point Lottos avenue N
25 by E 120; $10. I :. .
E. B. and Emma C. Hallett, W. S. and Veata
L. Gee to Bobert W. and Jemima Jones, lot oa
E line of Eleventh avenue, 100 S of H street,
S 25 by E 120; $10. * . ffvj
Same to Joe M. ana Jennie B. Martinez, lot
on E line of Eleventh avenue, 125 S of II «treet.
S 25 by E 120; $10. . • ,
Same to Antonio S. Svalnaz. lot on E line, of
Eleventh avenue. 175 S of H street. S 25 by
E 120: $10. . ¦ '
-Solomon and Dora Getz to Christian H.
Koehncke, lot on SW corner of Forty-first ave
nue and P street. "W 82:6 by S 100; $10.
8. Ducas to W Esters von Krakau, lot on
NE corner of Fourteenth avenue and Dock
street, NE 200 by SE 250, lots 10 to 19, clock
T07. tide lands; $10.
Elizabeth Flske to Henry G. Flske. lot on S
line of Gutenberg street, 108:6 S of Hanovte,
S 106:6 by -E 177, Subdivision 178, We«t En4
Homestead; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to David
Btrtrand. lot in cemetery; $160.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. I. A. Andrews (owner) with James A.
Andrews (contractor and architect) — AH work
for a two-story and . basement frame bulldinx
(two. flats) on.tv" line of Belvedere street, 108:9
8 of Waller, 9 25 by W 120. Western Addition
block C79; total. $40C0. . .
Giovanni Demartlnl and Antonio Campo
donlco (owners) with Luigt Curie© (contractor),
plans by owners— All work except grading for
a three-story and basement frame building: on
lot commencing 17.8 from SW corner of Scott
rlace and Broadway, W 38:4 by S 62:6; total,
7100. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL.*
G Herbert, Dallas, Tex I J Sweet, Milwaukee
Capt A Grant &. t m, J W Gray, ButterAeJd
Australia ¦ D H Coster, Oregon
J Hanson, Australia , A NIcodemus. Oklahm
J Dlckson, Australia C Hoffman & w, Texas
H E King. Australia W H Carpenter & w.
J P Harrison. Austral! Cincinnati
C E Sutton. Australia J C McKlttrlck.El Pa*
C Cook Los. Angeles W J Kennedy & w.Cal
M Youne. Arcata Mrs C E Bolivar. Cal .
H Barret, • Colorado Miss Dean; • Milton, Cal
P Williams, Colorado HP Sherwalton and
G Howe, Colorado ¦> party, Fairbury.Nebr
J.Loyd, Colorado L» Nelson, Falrbury .. .
Sofle Tonner. Denmark M Duhig. Chicago '
P J Smith. Manila A H Holmes, Aucklnd
F Donaldson. Manila C J Lohb, Australia '
Mrs H Bailey & *d,Sae F F Lobb, Australia
K. F Martin. Wlsconsn F Condon, Sydney ¦--.,¦<
J H Elllsorn, Wls. C Hagenburgh. Sydney
J Sinclair? Wisconsin A Well, Sydney
F WUsoiu Wisconsin |j H Barlow. Dallas
... , ¦-:•• ¦. " ¦ . . ¦ -,.'¦.¦¦;¦.-.. , ¦ , ¦ j - i .- ,-;¦•'¦-. 1 %¦ ' I ¦ '¦ - ' " ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902.
13
STOCK MARKET.
REAL ESTATE — Country— For Snle.
$300 — A. SNAP bargain in 80 acres of land,
close to town. In Lake County; house, barn,
orchard, alfalfa; abundance. of running wa-
ter; cost $1400; must sell. C. F. MOORE,
935 Market st. .
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying propar-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches In Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Valley.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
The Leading Real Estate Firm.
Sensational offer in Real Estate for one week.
Astonishing Values offered." Be sure
and Purchase. I
200x150, on best street in s Alameda: sur-
rounded by choice homes; only $12 per front
foot. This is a genuine offer; cost $50 per
foot; compelled to sell and will be sacrificed;
. will sell any number of feet. •
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st., Alameda.
Take advantage of the price and purchase a
lot. _ . . , , .• .-"..
ONE of the finest homes in Alameda at a
bargain ; exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors' Agency. 137 Montgomery St., S. F.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
berkeley real estate.
stop payingTrent!
own your own home.
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
where you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association Is the easiest
and best plan ever introduced to the! public.
Bee our tables and convince yourself; only $8
. per month pays for your home; no interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley.
Branch office Lorin.P. O.. and room 39, Ne-
vada block, San Franciseo. W. C." MORAN,
secretary and manager. Agents wanted.
I HAVE for sale a splendidly built house of 12
rooms; fine cemented basement and large at-
tic; completed one year ago; lot 70x160; fine
view; street work all done, and connected with
bath, gas and electrla lights; any one want-
Ing a thoroughly good house can get a bar-
gain in this. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$3750 — A WELL-BUILT house of 7 rooms (i
bedrooms), gas and electric lights; lot GOx
157 ; very convenient to electric cars and
station. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE FURNISHED COTTAGES.
FURNISHED cottage, 5 rooms and bath, in
Frultvale. Inquire at ticket office, v Fruit-
vale station. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. j'
S. M. DODGE & SON; T~
. 1160 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
Are you Interested In owning a home; see
these new properties which have come into
our hands for sale this week.
$4000 — An elegant two-story house on Mag-
1 nolia st., 7 rooms, bath and all mod-
ern improvements; everything nice in-
side and out; terms very easy.
$3250 — Two story house on Fifty-ninth st., near
Telegraph ave.; » rooms; easy terms.
$2250— Cottage on Chestnut St., near 24th st.;
7 rooms; good well.
$2200— Two story house on Fifty-seventh st.,
near " San Pablo; 8 rooms ; rented for
$25; will sell on Installments of $20
per month.
$1650 — Two story house on Twenty-third St.,
between 23d and 24th aves., E. Oakland;
«J rooms and bath; modern improve-
. ments; terms part cash and balance on
installments of $10. per month; this Is
a real bargain. . ¦ *
$1600 — Cottage on Blossom . St., near Frultvale
ave.. Frultvale; 5 rooms, bath and base-'
V ment.
$1500 — Cottage on .Twenty- third ave., E. Oak-
land; near street car line; 4 rooms, bath
and basement; corners on a wide alley.
VACANT LOTS.
$1400 — Lot .on Twenty-fourth st., near Tel-
egraph ave., 35x145.
$900^ — Lot NW. corner Stanley and Grove;' 40x
120; easy" terms. • .
$800 — Lot on N. side of Eddy st., near Dwin-
elle; 80x132.
$150 — Lot on Peralta ave., cor. Mathews, Elm-
hurst; 34x110.
$150— Lot on Amelia St., cor. of Mathews;
. Elmhurst; 32x110.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
3 SNAPS — Splendid homes, $1950, near Web-
ster station, $2500, a beauty, near Grand sta-
tion.
§3000. 50x140, near Park station, gardens,
trees, chickens, 7 rooms, bath, etc.; $1300
cash; Improved homestead investments, $12 50
monthly. A. W. BELL, 417 Parrott Bldg.
oak^^d^urniture~^or~saleT
FURNITURE good and cheap thia month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. /
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James," McAllister and La- i
guna sts.
CLAY, 1446 — 3 connecting rooms, completely
furn; hkpg.; gas range; bath; select locality. :
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping. 3, $14;
2 beds. 3, $20; 2 beds, bath, 2. $15; single, $4.
GEARY, 882, near Larkin— 3 co«y rooms;
barement; carpeted. ' ¦
GOLDEN- GATE ave., 512 — A few nice rooms
for housekeeping. • \
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622^ — Sunny bay window
suite of- 2 front rooms; gas range, bath, etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 800 block — Sunny corner
over basement, 5 rooms, conservatory, etc..
only $35; same n«At door, suite 2 rooms and
kitchen, second floor, $20; same, very large
room, 4 windows, large closet, $15. A. VV".
BELL, 417. Parrott bldg., near west elevator.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847, opposite Jefferson
square — Furnished rooms ; housekeeping ; .refs.
MCALLISTER, 637 — 3 nice large sunny rooms
and bath; unfurnished; no children; reas.
MINNA, 281, corner 4th — Furnished housekeep-
ing, very cheap and convenient.
OAK. 117 — Newly furnished suites, $14 and $12~;
sink, gas range, bath, laundry; phone; adults.
PINE, 055 — Single arid connecting furnished or
unfurnished housekeeping; reasonable.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model house; «newly fur-
nished; free gas; housekeeping; $5 to $10;
sunny; bath. .
THIRD, 415B— 2 nicely furnished rooms; house-
keeplng; gas range, bath; $12 50.
VALENCIA. 822 — Two sunny suites for house-
keeping; electric lights; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Vntarn.'
BUSH, t)12 (HAS CHANGED HANDS)
.A private residence; large sunny furnished
home -like rooms; hot and cold water and
baths attached; for 'gentlemen or man and
wife; rent reasonable to right parties; de-
sirable location; near Jones St.; references
required; free telephone service.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant"
sunny; 75o day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill rocm in California.
ANGELUS — New brick building;' 90 elegantly
furnished sunny rooms and suites; • marine
view. 530 Stockton St., bet. Bush and Pine.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 P'.r night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
¦ light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market eU (or No. 1
Fifth St.); rooms 25c, 50c. $1, $1 50 night,
$1 60 to $10 per week; house open a'.l, night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
_ nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.'
BUSH, 1220^-Nlce room, private family; par-
lor floor, -with use of front room i reasonable.
CLAY. 1020—4 unfurnished rooms, good order
for housekeeping; bath; $13.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Masbn— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 316— Elegantly furnished sunny, front
eulte; piano; every convenience; reasonable. .
EIGHTH, 22£%— Nice sunny room In private
family, suitable for two.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unf am.
EUROPEAN .HOT^L, 930 Market St., opp. Em-
porium — Opened- for Dermahent euests June
20th; new management; refurnished; strictly
' first class; will give -special inducements to
parties .securing .i-ooms , during this, month;
.rates per month; elegant. bay-window suites,
' Market-st. side. $30; smaller suites, nicely
furnished; $20; single rooms, $7 to $10. Phone
Main 169S. ' ' ¦ :.•..;•
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)^— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 BO night; $1 60. $6 week; open all night.
GOLDEN GATE ave., -1050 — Well furnished
large sunny room; private family; free phone.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission— Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
window- room,; $1 perweek; transient.- .
MISSION, . 1514, near Eleventh — Single front
room, $1 25; room for. 2, $1 50 per week.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POWELL. 932, near Clay— Newly furnished
front suite; private family; free bath, Rhone.
ROYAL. House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 B0; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; jrooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN- Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
WEBSTER, 711 — 3 nice large sunny unfurnish-
ed rooms for" housekpg.; every convenience.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 220Q Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription's has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
¦¦' - ' ROOMS AND BOARD. .
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Bills— This new, strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
' ises; electric* light and elevator;, private
baths; single and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones , on every floor.
HOTEL Dartmouth— New family hotel, about
completed, will be ready for guests July 1;
strictly modern house, first-class in all its ap-
pointments: can" be Inspected now; will be
conducted in strictly select and first-class man-
ner. 865 Post st., bet. Leaven worth and Hyde.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
A SUNNY suite, with or without board; also
single rooms. The Lake, 268 Turk st. ,
LAM BOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class hoiiao;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table, board.
CHEAPEST, and-best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in ' the
United* States or Canada one year for tl; ¦ ¦
SPECIAL jrOTICESj^^ .
THE following children have been received at
the S. F. Nursery for .Homeless Children
since Jan. 1, "1902: Thomas O. Merritt, half-
orphan, 10 years of age; Fern Bowman, half-
orphan, Ellsworth Bowman, half-orphttn,
twins, 6 years of age; Grace Buchanan, half-
orphan, 6 years of age..
FREE cure for stomach and' bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine is what
cured people say. Address REUNER & GOU-
LET, Station A, Sacramento. Cal. ¦ • \
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
A NEW drop head 5-drawer latest Improved $76
sewing machine for . $10 50. 145 Sixth St.,
phone Howard 3264. -
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; fl. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE" TO C^LE^ITOliS W -^Estate^~of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE, deceased. Notice
is hereby given by the undersigned, JOHN
FARNHAM, administrator of the estate of
CHARLES MeCQNLQGliE. • deceased, to. the
creditors o"f and all persons having claims
against the said .deceased, to exhibit them
: with the necessary vouchers, within four
months after the -first publication - of this
notice, to the said administrator at room 79,
Chronicle, building, the same being -his place
for the transaction of the business of the
said estate In , the city and county of San
Francisco, State of - California. JOHN
FARNHAM, ¦ administrator of the estate- of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE. deceased. Dated
at San Francisco, May 28, 1902. CARLTON
W. GREENE, attorney for Administrator,
rooms 76 and 79, Chronicle building.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS — Estate of RICH-
ARD GARLAND (alias), deceased. Notice Is
hereby given by the undersigned, JOHN
FARNHAM, administrator of the estate of
RICHARD GARLAND, deceased, to the
creditors pf and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers, within four
months after the first publication "¦ of thia
notice, to the said administrator at room 73,
Chronicle building, the same being his place
f oi* the transaction of the business of the
eaid estate In the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California. JOHN FARN-
HAM, administrator of the estate of RICH-
ARD GARLAND, deceased. Dated at San
| Francisco, May 28. 1902. CARLTON XV.
GREENE, attorney for Administrator, rooms
76 and 79. Chronicle building.
PROPOSALS. ~~~ ™
POSTOFFICE Department, Washington, D C
March 28. 19O2.-r-Mail Catchers and Deliver-
ers Intended for the Purpose of Effecting the
Exchange of Malls with Moving Trains. —
Sealed proposals from patentees or their as-
¦ Blgnees ' for the sale or use of patented de-
, vices Intended to effect the exchange of mails
with , moving trains will be received at this
Department until noon on Wednesday, the
20th of August, 1902. All proposals must be
made In accordance with the specifications,
which can be obtained from the Second As-
sistant Postmaster General. "H. C. PAYNE,
Postmaster General.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~~~
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterclay :
Nathan J. Strasburgef, 25, • 1230 Post street,
and Soohle Triest, 24, 1230 Pest street.
Adelbert E. Roberts, 27, 2533 Mission' street,
and Anna M. Gruber, 27, 2598 Eighteenth st
Georse L. Uschold, 22. 789% Stevenson
street,' and. Emma J. Gehrkens, 19, 789% Stev-
enson street. ¦ ¦¦ " „' • - *
Hermann J. Kolkmann, 29, city, and Olive
Peterson, 20, city.. . ,
Martin P. O'Dea, 21, 721 Turk street, and
Mary F. Coyle, IS, 781 Sutter street.
William J. Mahoney, 28, 437 Valencia street,
and Nora M. Sheehan, 22, 308 Valencia street.
Daniel F. Riley, 22, city, and Sarah J. Carr.
19, city. . . y . ! •
Giovanni Bertocchi, 35, city, and Maggie
Squaglia, 22, city. .
Chaiies H. Northrup, 28, 121A Liberty street
and Grace I. Davis, 25, 1731 Sutter street.
William N. Hamilton, 41, Tomales, and
Elizabeth Graham, 29, .Cordelia. 1
Oscar L. GruKgel,-43, 14A Geary street, and
Ella A. Nelson, 23, 4418 Twenty-third street.
Charles F. Pries, '24, 372 Harriet street,' and
Emma Thiessen, 22, ' 348A Harriet street.
Joseph ¦ L. Content, 23, Sacramento, and
Linda R. Garibaldi, 18, 712 Union street.
Carmlnlno BelluominI, 28. Isleton, and Er*-
slllia de Sanmartino, 19, 424 Fifteenth street.
Joseph H. Blewett, 40, city, and Gertrude L
Child, 32, city,
Mathew 'D. Pratt, 32, Fall River Mills and
glla G. Snider, 27, Biggs.
BIRTHS--MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by.
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and" be
indorsed with the name and residence of, per-
sons authorized to have the same publljhed.
BORN.'
COHNRIECH— In this city, . June 23, 1902, to
the wife of E. Cohnriech, .a daughter.
DREYER— In this city, June 18, 1902, to the
wife of William Dreyer, a daughter.
HERRICK— In this city, June 21, 1902, to the
wile of C. G. Herrick,. a son.
JACOBSON— In this city,,J*tne 17, 1902, to the
wife of G. F. Jacobson,' a son.
MCCARTHY — In this city, June 21; 1902, to
the wife of Frank McCarthy, a daughter.
BTAMPA— In this city, June 21, 1902, to tho
wife of D. Stampa, a son.
TROWBRIDGE— In this city, "June 3. ' 1002, to
- the wife of. Fred. Trowbridge, a son. , '. .:
MARRIED. ~
ANDERSON— OYEN— In this city, June 21
.1902. .by the Mv. O. GroensberK, Harry s!
Anderson and . Emelie. M. . Oyen.
BROWN— MONGES— In this* city, June 21
1U02, by the Rev." Herbert F.Brlgga, pastor
1 of Central M. E. Church, William D. Brown
. and Grace E. Monces, both of San^ Fran-
cisco. ... ¦ .'..''¦: , .",''..'..: . , '„ ;
HILL— JUSTUS-~In San Rafael, June 21, 1902,
by the Rev.' Dr. Hall, James Hill and Emma
Justus, both; of San Francisco.. ¦,"¦-.¦•-¦; ,
ROMER— HENDERSON— In this city, "June _
1902, :-by- tlip Rev. O.r Groensberg, " Walter
H.° Romer and Jennie Henderson, i
v DIED.
Adams, Charles J. ¦' McElroy, Oscar
Billig, Ausust F. McKee, Oliver .
Cohnriech (Infant ) ' Murray. Charles G.
Donfsran, Rose Oakes, . Harry ¦ C.
Edds, Joseph- T. . • .Ogllvie, Caroline I.
1 Frawley, Bridget ; ¦ Quinn, George A.
Green. Ernest S. ¦ ¦. Riegelhuth, Frecler'k
Green, Lizzie A. Russ, Adolphus G.
Hall, John * . , ' Sharp. Alexander
,. Ingram, Mary : ' : Turner, Mary J. G.
James S. Wolters, Herman JI.
-. Koegel, Evelynn J. . . • . :
ADAMS-^In this city, June 21. 1902, Charles
>J. Adams," beloved brother' "of "Mrs; "Annie
Cademartori, a native of Heligoland, aged
32 years and 7 months." A member of Court
Sutro Heights No. 136, F.', of A. .
[""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ! the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock sharp, from
the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 . Powell street, near Post,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, corner of
Bush and Steiner streets, where mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery, Presidio. :
COURT SUTRO HEIGHTS NO. 136," Foresters
of America — Member* are hereby • notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother,"
Charles ¦ J. Adams, to-day (Wednesday), at
8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of the Callfor-
¦ nla Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street.
J. A. MCCARTHY, Chief Ranger. .
. WILL J. BOR ADORI. Rec. Sec. :_
BILLIG— At Janin's Ranch, near Ballard,
Santa Barbara County, June 18, 1902, Au-
gust F. Bllllg, a native of Prussia, aged 60
years and 4 months. ¦
E7"Deceased waa burled June 19 in the
Oak Hill Cemetery at' Ballard. He. was re-
cently from San Francisco. Relatives here
are unknown, but la-- supposed to .have
nephew In Copnlck, Prussia. ; Local German
papers please copy. .
COHNRIECH— In this city, June 23, 1902, in-
fant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. Cohnriech.
DONIGAN— In this city, June 23, 1902, Rose,
beloved sister of Michael Donlgan and Mrs.
Catherine Carroll, sister-in-law of Bridget
Donlgan, and aunt of Frank, Rosa, ¦ Michael;
Mary, Alfred and Julia Donlgan and ¦ Mrs.
Mary Garbarlno, a native of County Meath,
Ireland. < .
(""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, June 25, 1902, at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 5 Evvirig place, thence to Stj
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the rerose of . her soul, commencing . at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EDDS — In this city. June 21, 1902, Joseph T.
Edds, beloved brother of J. Edds, late with
Santa Clara Dairy- Company, a native of
Kentucky, aged 30 years. .
""Friends arid acquaintances" are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, June 25, 1902, at 8:30 o'clock, at
Charles J. B. Metzler's parlors, 636 Wash-,
inaton street. . .
FRAWLEY — In this city, June 22, 1902, Brid-
get, beloved wife of John Frawley,, mother
of. Henry and John Frawley, and sister* of
. Annie, Hannah and Patrick Lyons, Mrs.
Gilhooley and the late Thomas Lyons, a na-
tive of Cregen, County . Galway, , Ireland,
' asred 66 years. :'" ¦ '-
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 131 Caatro street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, - -where a solemn .re-
quiem high mars will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . •
GREEN— In this city, June 23, 1902. Ernest
S., beloved husband of Emma E. .Green, a
- native of Minnesota, aged 36 years 1 month
and 23 days. (San Diego, Cal., papers please
copy.) :. . .- . .-
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day,
at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of A. W.
. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
GREEN— In this city, June 24, - 1902, -Lizzie
A., beloved - wife of George B. Green, and
loving sister of James, .Patrick, Bee and
Katie Egan, a native of County Sllgo, Ire-
land, aged 30 years. »
t^Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of" her brother, 225 Dorland street; off
Church, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth,
thence to St. • Joseph's Church,, where .a -' re-
quiem high mass will be, celebrated for 1 the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. : " . ¦
HALL — In this city, June 24, 1902, John Hall,
beloved brother of Mrs. A. Estellta, Mrs.
R. Donance and Annie Hall, and son of tha
late James and Annie Hall, a native of San
Francisco; aged 29 years.
INGRAM— In Alameda, June 22, 1902,- Mary,
widow of the late Robert Ingram, • beloved
mother of Robert H., Tlllle and Lllla In-
gram, and mother-in-law of Insrham A.
Sharoe, a native , of Coimty Fermanagh,
North of Ireland. ' •
(E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited* to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, June 2 25, : at'l:30 o'clock, at her
' late residence, 15J4 St. Charles street, Ala-
meda. Interment private."
KENNEDY — In this city,' June 24, 1902, at hi*
• residence, 2922- California-street, -James -S.
Kennedy, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 72
years. . . ; . ¦ ¦ •¦ • ¦ -. > ¦
KOEGEL— In Fresno, June 23, 1902,- Evelynn
Jane Koegel, infant child of Mr. and -Mrs.
David Koegel, a native of San Francisco,
aired 9 months.
McELROY — In this city, June^22, 1902, Oscar,
beloved ' husband "of Hannah McElroy, and
father of Bert McElroy and the late Sadia
. Judson McElroy, a . native of Dorchester,
" Mass., aged 60 years 'and 1 day. :. .. , ¦¦'
icyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ! attend the funeral services
Wednesday, June 25, 1902. at 1:30 o'clock, at
his late residence, 68 Shotwell street,, thence
. to Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
McKEE— In this city, June 24, 1902, Oliver
McKee, a . native of New York, aged 60
years. " * '.
MURRAY— In this city, June 23, 1902. Charles
George, beloved son of Edwin- and~Martha
Jenkins' Murray, and brother of- Edward J.
and Leslie Murray, a native of Sail : Fran-
cisco, aged 0 years 10 months and 18 -days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are; respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ; to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the home of
his parents, 2663 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage." .-'
OAKES— In this city, June 23, 1902, Harry C,
beloved son of William- W. and Mattie M.
Oakes of Seattle, Wash., a native of Rose-
wood, Fla.. aged- 24 years 6 months and 19
days. ' , . «:. . " ; , " : •
OGILVIE— In this city, June 24, 1902, Caro-
line I., beloved daughter of James and "Caro-
line Ogllvie, and sister of Sam Ogilvie, a na-
tive of California, aged 5 years 4 months
and 24 days.
QUINN — In this city, June 24, 1902, -George
A., beloved son of Michael and the late Mar-
i garet Ouinn, and brother of Charles. J. and
May Quinn and Mrs. W. P. Riley, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years 7 . months
• and 2 days. - •>„>• .. • "• ... .-- -.. -
C^RemainH at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
RIEGELHUTH— In. this city, June 23. . 1902,
Frederick, dearly beloved and only! son of
Conrad and the late Anna M. Rleselhuth,
and dearly beloved brother of Christina Rie-
gelhuth, .' Mrs. Henry ¦ Albers, Mrs. Joseph
Sucher, Mrs. Joseph Seaborg and Mrs. A. F.
Arneke, a native of San .Francisco, aged. 42
years 1 month and 5 days. A member of
Mission Parlor No. 38, N. S. G.;W.
(Cy Friend? and acquaintances " are' respect-
fully Invited to attend -the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, where services will be held under
- the ' auspices of . Mission Parlor No: 3S. : N.
- S. G. W., thence to St. Paul's German Evan-
gelical Lutheran Church, northeast corner
Eddy and Gough streets, for services com-
mencing j at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
RUSS — In; this city, June 24, 1902, Adolphus
¦ G. Russ. beloved father of :Mrs. L. Bruck-
mann, Mrs. H. W. Westphal and Albert H.,
Robert 'R. and Gustave Adolph Russ, a na-
tive of Germany; aged 76 years 5 months
and 5 days. .
SyNotice of funeral, hereafter.
SHARP— In this city, June 24, 1902>Alexander
. Sharp, beloved husband of- Margaret Sharp.
" and father of Andrew, Mabel, Florence and
Ada Sharp, a native of Scotland, aged 54
years 1 month and 28 days.
TURNER— -In this city, June 24, 1902. Mary
J. G. Turner", beloved mother of W. B. Tur-
ner, a native" of Boston, Mass., aged 30 '
years. »¦
{CTFuneral services to-morrow ' (Thursday),
" at 1:30 o'clock, at the parlors of the Western
HENRY J, GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
- 20 Fifth . st.. opposite ., Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY. '
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367., •
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Samuel " McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers* ¦ Association ;,M. J. ¦
.McBrearty. '"with;. the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J.-C. O'Con-
nor & Co.j haveopened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st., between Seventh
.'• and ' Eighth. ' Telephone_ South 44. A
jambs McGinn, :¦;-;¦¦.
¦ Formerly with McGinn- Bros.; has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
¦ 1 -' ¦ X7 and 29 Fifth St. -Tel. South in f
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER5.|
J rinr«t ¦; Equipment Jt.. Moderate Ratek. M'
: - . ' . " :¦ r.' . : :
Addition Funeral Directors, 1724 Devisadero
street, between Sutter and Bush. Interment
private.- . . >
WOLTERS— In this city, June 24. 1902, Her-
man H. Wolters, a. native of New Tork City,
* aged 46 years- and 11 months.
The Odd Feilows 1 Cemetery Association.
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY)."
, Funeral rooms-^429 Golden Gat* ave.: tele-
phone South 934. \
Oakland office — 1001 BroadwajK telephone
Clay 701. ... • /
Main office . at cemetery, Point Loboa ave.,
San Francisco: telephone West 896. ¦ ;
• Prices of cremation — Adults aver 15 years
of age. $25: children under 15 y\ara of age,
$15.. Circulars mailed- to any address on ap-
plication. ¦ GEO. T. BOHEN. Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON. Sec
MUSICAL IXSTRUaiE.VTS— Con.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous)
propositions are "offered In the way of price*
»n4 terms upon pianos, please bear In mind ;
ihat we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
Jcor Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.. Broad-
way and Thirteenth ets.. Oakland.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $10<i
upwaid; values best In city. PIEKCE'S
PIANO FA CTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A LOT of high-grade pianos for almost a song
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsome
upright piano account death. 486 Eddy st.
ON rale — A large Steinway upright; good ai
new; trust eell. 237 Geary Et.
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos In city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co., 66U Hayes et.
$l("0 — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
mcmg. 18 McAllister St.. next Ulbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 931 Market «t —
Steck, Everett, Ludwig and other good pianos.
SNAP— 2 enly, new.*$«o ; high-grade uprights,
dropped f:-om catalogue.$250. Bruenn.2QSP08t.
BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-510-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
eT >r,?, R T IOn violin ». zithers, old and new. H.
..iI-LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A5TD STORES TO LET.
LIGHT loft. 4SxlOO $50~^mh~ele^a7o77~also
building 24x»0, $:J5. 3177 17th et..; inquire of
OSTEYEE & CO.. S21 Montgomery et-
LaRGE store with high basement, fronting on
t' sts.- below Kearny st. 636 Clay St.. room 1.
OIL.
McKENZIE «r CARLSEN. members Producers'
» Oil Exchange, buy & sell oil stocks, lands &
jf-investment securities. 137 Montgomery st.
PALMISTRY.
ilME. G. L. NEER^5XA^D^7eaidTiMto^4T^700
Post et., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI scientific palmist 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post ;tei. Black 561.
rKUSOXALS.
IT is not claimed that Viavt can cure the In-
curable, but thousands of women who had
given up all hope of ever obtaining, relief
have been restored to health and strength by
the Viavi treatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The Vlavl Co.. 2304
Van Nesrs ave.. Par. Francisco; tel. East 2S2.
IF your hair is fal! : ng-. Fend for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S Scten—e Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to ?*.op hair from falling and
crueo hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for ecsema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world: call or send for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. o32 O'Farrcll st.. S. F.
AN elegant line of i emnants for suits to order.
US: with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms,
25c to fl 50 per night; $1 50 to $0 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE best yet discovered — Eggs properly pack-
ed will remain in a state of freshness from
10 to 12 months; receipt sent for 10c In sil-
ver. WINTERS, 315^ Jepsie St., S. F.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Eliis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white drifts: selection 300 patterns.
CAN you introduce stranger to possible buyers
a of oil and mining stock? Good money and
% confidential. Address box 1180, Call.
THE best hair dressing, any style, 25c only;
shampooing. SOc; switches, wigs; hair dye-
ir.s by artists. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
Oiamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth -t.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine end all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 185ft Polk St.. S. F.: consultation free.
"WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
JCOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market ft., near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
•FREE camping, tent and outfit for looking
after grounds; fare 15c. W. H. BUTLER,
1)27 Market it.
Ti" A NTE D — 1 000 to 10.000 pampas plume?-
Ftate . l-rice. Address ; £. DECORVET. 639
Pine st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny eU, near Pine.
TINE SUITS. HO; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
COUGH Easy Consumption Cure means just
what it says; try it; 25c at your druggist's.
SENSATIONAL book for men; postage 2 cents.
WILLIAMS & CO., 140 Geary st
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 20 O'Farrel!.
ACTINA restores the eyes and cars to health.
Soid by A' VIP A CO.. 7C3 Valencia, cor. 19th.
'SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
liUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26 V4 Kearny.
I TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit ClrftMng Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle specialist ; superfluous hair
and mole? destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDVUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wls.
Masquerade costume*, play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN* & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
EUPTURE and piles cured; no pay unt7l~cured ;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private disease? treated successfully: consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld.6Turk-
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021^ Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption: rectal diseases
•without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073 1 / 4Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
RAVINGS and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
et. t corner of gutter — The Board of Director*
declared a dividend for the term ending June
.'{0. 3902, at the rate of three and one-eighth
<3%) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
«f taxes and payable on and after July 1,
1U02.- - Dividends not called for are added to
and bear the same rate of dividend as the
principal from and after July 1, 1902. CY-
RU8 W. CARMANY, Cashier.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ny, corner of California and Montgomery sta.
. — For the «ix months ending June 30. 1902.
dividends have been declared on deposits in
the raving* department of this company as
follows : On term deposits at the rate cf
3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-
<iey. July 1. 1902. Dividends uncalled for are
tdc^d to the principal after July 1, 1902. J.
DALZEXL BROWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Call-
lornlii et.. cor. of Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June, 1902. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per an-
nuxn of three and forty-two one-hundredth*
f.i 42-100) ier cent on term depotlts, and
three (:$) per cent en ordinary deposits, free
cf taxss, payable on and after Tuesday, July
1. 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— Mutual Savings Bank cf
£an FranciKco, 33 Post Et. For the half
year endlnc June 30. 1902, a. dividend, has
l>e«n declared at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday, July I, 1802.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society C28
Caltforula et.— For the half year ending with
June 30. 1902. a dividend has been declared
et the rate of three <3) per cent per annum
en all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Tuesday. July 1, 1902. GEORGES
TOURNY. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary ft.— The directors have declared a
dividend of 3 per cent rx?r annum on it* de-
posits, uayatle on end after July 1. 1902.
KRNKST BRAND. "s» cr gtary.
ND_SJjPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^W*
sell better machines for lees money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. f>30 California: telephone Main 26tt.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter In*r>e<*. Co.. 200 San«otne.
TVI'KWRITING A: WIMEOGRAPHIXG.
XXFEKT typewlting. 4c folio: copies, 2c; mini,
•etraphl&g. 927 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1539.
REAti ESTATE— -CITY— -FOR SALE.
EASXON. KLDR1DGE 4i CO..
6^s MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY '.. ." July 1. 1902
At our Salesroom, No. 638 Market Street.
At 12 O'clock Noon...
: GRAND BUSINESS CORNER.
Northwest corner lsih and Guerrero sts.; cne
of the best transfer corners in. the city; 3.
stores and 2 fiats, 7-8 rooms and bath; rents
$1800 under lease; tenant pays the water;
lease rues for 31a years;. Jot 27x80 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South Bide (Nos. 2129-2129%) Geary St., 100
feet eaet of Devisadero St.; 2 substantial ex-
tra well built flats of 0 rooms, bath and high
basement; rents $780 per annum; lot 27x137 :U
feet. . .
SILVER STREET FLATS.
Northwest side (Nos. S-10) Silver St., 60 feet
southwest of 2nd st. ; improvements consist of
4 flats, which at a small expense could be made
to pay big; key lot from 2nd st. 52x70, more
or lees.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCH
North side (No. 2314) Clay St., 209:8 feet
west of Buchanan st.; an elegant dwelling. 8
rooms, porcelain bath, basement and attic; but-
ler's pantry, pantry closet; modern plumbing;
lot 27j127:$V4 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East 6ide (No. 324,1) Mission St., 176:7 feet
south of Fair ave. ; house 5 rooms, at the junc-
tion of Valencia and Mission sts.; large lot,
«3:llxlS3:ti feet.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 24) Dorland St., 20S feet w,st
cf Guerrero st. ; modern, well-built bay-window
i evidence of 8 rooms, bath and large basement,
etc.; rents $360 per annum; lot 25:8x115 feet to
i ear street. •
HAIGHT STREET RESIDENCE.
South line (No. 1011) Haigrht St., 120 feet
west of Broderick St.; modern resilience. 8
large sunny rooms, bath and finished basement;
lot 25x120.
KEARNY STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Southwest corner of Kearny and Greenwich
sts.; 9 houses renting for $1080 per annum;
grand lot, 37:6x112:6, with L 25x50 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
North line of 24th st.. 240 feet west of Cas-
tro St., 6 extra wide building lots in one of the
test portions of the Mission; 24th st. frontage
is prospective business property; entire sire of
lot 80x228, through to Elizabeth St.; 24th-st.
electric cars pass the property.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
West line of 2nd ave., 250 feet south of Clem-
ent st. ; fine large lot, level and ready for build-
ing; large lot, 35x120 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
$5,250 — Rents $720 per annum; 3 modern Cats,
6, 5. 0 rooms and bath; up to date and
always rented; only 1 block north
from Market St.; lot 26:6x99 feet.
$3,000 each — Three well-built houses, 7 and S
rooms each, on Folsom St., near 25th;
brick foundation; street bitumlnized;
lptR 25x115 feet to rear street; houses
could be easily converted into flats.
$7, SCO — Fine lot on Stevenson St., near 6th;
: ¦ present improvements rent for $11 per
month; this is near the new Postoffice
and is ihe cheapest lot In this block;
lot 25x75 feet.
$4,500 — Modern 2-story and basement residence
of 8 rooms and bath; brick foundation:
open sanitary plumbing; porcelain
bath; large yard, etc.; in the heart
,of the Mission warm belt; this Is a
¦ " lovely home.
$500 cash — Rents $384 per annum: 2 modern
up-to-date flats in Al condition: near
24th and Sanchez sts.; these flats will
pay for themselves, as the monthly
installment on principal and Interest
Is only $31; price $3250.
$2,750 — Two-story house, 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25x119:6 feet; owner wishes to go
East and therefore desires a quick
sale.
$6,500 — Rents 5840 per annum; a southeast
corner on Sansome St., near the Post-
office; store, 2 flats and rear cottage;
always rented; 26:2x80 feet.
$10,000 — Rents $1152 per annum: Five flats' In
the best part of Hayes Valley; lot 27:6
xl20 feet; has two frontages; streets
bitumlnized.
• * 1,600 — House of 8 rooms in good condition:
near 24th and Bryant, tts.: must be
sold at once to close an estate; an
offer of ?1500 now pending; lot 20x100
feet.
$3,750 — Rents over $500 per annum; must be
sold to close an estate; two flats and
a rear cottaee. well built and in good
condition; on Hawthorne St., near 2d
and Folsom; lot 25x112:6 feet.
HIGH-CLASS BUILDING SITES.
$75,000 — Corner on Market, near 12th; 75x124
</,.•.»:-- • feet; three frontages.
S30,(XK) — Northwest corner on Battery, near
Postoffice.
j $45,000 — 37:6x137:6 feet; half block from Union
! square.
?27,500— NVrth side of O'Farrell st.. near
Mason; 27:6x137:6 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market strett.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~~
Two-story cottage, 6 rooms, bath, basement; '.
O'Farrell and Steiner sts.; $5000.
Two cottages on Filbert st.. fronting on two
streets; only $3500; owner leaving city.
Harrison, nr. 2Gth; cottage; 6 rooms; 25x100;
$2400.
Clara st.. near Fourth; .2-story house; rear
house; $3250; pays 13 per cent per annum.
; Eureka st.. near ISth; cottage, 8 rooms, bath.
j basement, stable, chicken hoas-e; 25x100; $4000.
! $5500 — A nice two-story cottage of 7 rooms,
bath, laundry; finished basement; brick foun-
dation ; garden; everything in order; In 'the
nicest block on Buchanan st.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market st.
LOTS wanted to purchase north of Vallejo to
Lombard and from Hyde to Lyon sts. ' W. J.
GUNN, 530 California st. (Savings Unicn
bldg.), between Montgomery and Kearny.
A CORNER wanted to" purchase, on Vallejo,
Green. Union or Filbert, between Van Nes.s
ave. and Lyon st. ; improved or-vacant. W. J.
GUNN, 530 California, st. (Savings Union
trtdg.). between Montgomery and Kearny.
A RESIDENCE wanted to purchase, north cf
- Broadway, ¦ of moderate price, between Van
Ness ave. and Lyon Ft. W. J. GUNN, 5G0
California Bt. (Savings Union bldg.).
CORNER Pacific and Mason: floor of 7 rooms
and bath; all front rooms; two toilets; mod-
ern plumbing: rent *35. BURNHAM &
MARSH CO., 20 Montsomery st.
YOU will never secure a suburban home la
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa «t.. Ocean View.
LOT ready to build on near Twenty-ninth and
Dolores. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Markef.
LOT. cor. King and Prince Bts., S0xl20; cheap.
Call at 506 Castro St.. S. F. _^
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
ORCHARD Home, near Los Qatos, Santa Clara
County, en Los Gatos and Saratoga aves. ;
beautiful location; climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from station; neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, all of which is in ir-
chaid; 32 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there is a croi> of fruit, es-
timated at $2000; agricultural Implements
and tools. Xruit boxes, drying trays, wagons,
etc., included.
The residence Is one-story, contains 0
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-house, - tank, etc. ; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable; -price $16,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO.,
34 West Santa Clara st., San Jose.
457 ACRES bottom land; best quality; all under
cultivation; fence and Irrigation; mostly hay
and grain; good dairy property; 10-room
dwelling; 4-room tenant house; 4 -large barns,
creamery, etc.; 18 H. P. engine; fixtures m.-ik-.
ing butter and cheese; cream separator for
1600 lbs. milk per hour; all farming machin-
ery; spring water system' to dwellings; 64
registered Holstein cows; 25 good horses;
sell with or without stock; also easy pay-
ments. . .
Many other properties. See list In Sunday's
Call. JAS. G. BEARD, 475-6 Parrott bulld-
ing; hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts. $«0 to $90 per acre, on R&ncho
Cotati, Sonoma Co., future value assured as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to Th- Cotati Co., 302 California et.. for
pamphlet and Information.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hayward bldg.,
Can Francisco. - • .' -
LIVERMORE Valley vineyards for sale, $3500
up; email cash payment, balance 6 per cent;,
profits better than fruit; climate unsurpassed.
E. P. FLINT. HIS Broadway, Oakland.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches," ranges, tlm-
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooeter. Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
Write Wells. - Saunders & Co., Petaluma,' for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.H. Gould bas been s*I«ctaa to deliver tb«
oration and that Metropolitan Temple
would be the scene of the literary ex
ercises. Father H. H. Wyman of the
Paullst Fathers sent a communication an
nouncing: that he would deliver the pray
er. On motion of Rev. J. A. B. "Wilson.
Father Wyman will be asked to deliver
the benediction instead of the prayer. C.
K. Bonestell has been selected by the pro
gramme committee to read the Declara
tion of Independence.
ASSISTANT SUPERINTENDENT
OF THE RURAL. MAIL DE
LIVERY SYSTEM.
Fined for Fast Driving.
Charles Hansen, driver of a bakery
wagon, who was arrested Saturday at
Third and Market streets by Policeman
Eastman fox-fast driving over a street
crossing, was convicted by Judge Conlan
yesterday and fined $10, the amount of
his bail money. The Judge remarked that
he was determined to make an example
of fast 'drivers. Hansen's case was an
exceptionally bad one, as some time ago
he drove over a lady on Market street
and seriously injured her.
Murder Charge Is Dismissed.
Joseph Guadalupe, who was arrested
and charged with the murder of his step
son, Emmet de Suza, appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday and on motion of
the, District Attorney the case was dis
missed. De Suza made an ante-mortem
statement that the shooting was acciden
tal. De Suza was shot on Sunday night.
June 15, and died the following day at
the City and County Hospital. '
All of This Week.
Ladies' and men's patent leather shoes,
worth $5.00, for $2.15, at the Bee Hive
Shoe Company, 717 Market st near Third*
For those who love music yet have not
the time to learn to play, it is a great
opportunity to make a very advantageous
purchase. Any one purchasing a Pianola
will be given the advantage of our cir
culating library of Pianola music, the
only complete library of piano-player mu
sic on the coast. Kohler & . Chase, 28-30
OFarrell street, San Francisco, Cal.
To-day they have decided to continue
the sale, as- they still have on ..hand
about twelve plano-playlng devices, in
cluding several Pianolas, which have
been slightly marred. In. addition to
these they received Monday one carload
Cf the new style Pianolas, two of which
came with cases slightly marred. One
was In rosewood and the other mahogany.
Tbev have also quite a number of
Pianolas which have been loaned* to cus
tomers, who awaited the arrival of in
struments to match the wood of their
pianos. These are all offered with the
remainder of the original . lot at exces
sively low prices. As an example, there
is one special style of the Aeolian self
playing-organ in a walnut case, which
will be sold, with ten rolls of music and
a bench, for $45.00. Among the finer In
struments is a large Aeolian with a full,
rich tone and an ornamental case, which
will be sold at $175.00.
This week is the first time that piano
playmg devices of any description have
ever been offered at public sale for bar
gain prices. Kohler & Chase started a
sale of this description Monday last, and
*ince then have met with phenomenal
results.
Piano-Playing Devices to Be Sold.
Captain George W. Ruthers, chief com
missary of the Department of California,
has received orders- to turn over all Gov
ernment property in his care to Major
William H.. Baldwin and to leave for Ma
nila for duty in the Philippines on the
transport which is to sail on July 15.
Major Gaofge B. Davis, who is now in
Manila., .will • be , transferred to this city
to take the position made vacant by Cap
tain ' Ruthers. , -.
Chief Commissary Is to Leave.
Talk over the details while you lunch at
the Cafe Zlnkand. •
they are not union musicians — hence another
clash. ¦ For the sake of harmony I would sug
'ge«t to the committee that the parade, music
and carriages be dropped and the efforts be de
voted to literary exercises and fireworks.
I will assist the committee in any way that
I can, but I ask to be relieved of the chairman
ship of the parade committee, as my duties
call me elsewhere. Tours very truly,
W. A. DESBOROUGH.
Chairman of Parade Committee.
GOFF TAKES EXCEPTION.
Max Popper moved that Mr. Desbor
oygh's resignation be accepted, but that,
portion of the letter suggesting the aban
donment of the parade he Ignored. The
motion prevailed. Walter Goff, who is
president of the Labor Council, objected
to the assertion contained in Desborough's
letter to the effect that members of the
union were not allowed to enlist in the
National Guard.
Michael Coffey described how many of
the union men who were now driving
hacks in this city had fought in the Phil-,
ippines. In view of the fact that the mer
chants had decided not to participate in
the parade and as very little money could
be allowed for parade purposes the com
mittee voted to make the parade strictly
military.
At first it had been decided to have py
rotechnic displays only at Eighteenth and
Folsom streets. But as this would de
prive a great number of children of an op
portunity of witnessing the fireworks, . it
was determined to make displays in North
Beach and in Columbia Square. The com
mittee allowed $300 for each display.
It 'was moved that the letter from Mr.
Cornwall be received and placed on file.
The committee decided that it did not
have the power to appoint his successor.
As George B. Keane, the Mayor's secre
tary, was present at the meeting he was
asked what the Mayor had done in regard
to Cornwall's resignation. He answered
that it had been accepted, as the Mayor
had been given no alternative. He in
formed the committee that Mayor Schmitz
washout of town, and as he would not re
turn for a few days, he advised the com
mittee to select a successor to Mr. Corn
wall. The committee, however, refused
to tackle the selection of a new chairman
and passed the matter back to the Mayor
Max Popper argued that it would set a
dangerous precedent for the committee to
: make the selection.
The stormiest part of the meeting oc
curred when the committee called for a
report from the music committee.
PRAISES MILITARY BANDS.
Major Charles Boxton, who had been
elected to succeed Mr. Desborough on the
parade committee, demanded' that ¦ the
question as to whether the National Guard
bands should or should not be paid should
be decided. He said:
These bands are composed of youn» men who
are Just as good as we are. A great many of
them .fought In the Philippines with me, and I
know that they are true and loyal to their
fcourtry, and I believe that they should b« given
/a chance to participate In this celebration.
The only reason that they are not union men
is because the unions have refused them ad
mission to membership. They are willlnR to
Join the unions, and I think that the union
musicians should treat- them as brothers in
stead of antagonizing them.
Despite Major Boxton's appeal, a mo
tion made by Max Popper and seconded
by Walter Gallagher not to pay non-un
ion bands was carried. This leaves the
situation very perplexing, as the Na
tional Guardsmen may refuse to partici
pate in the parade without their bands.
If the bands do consent to play without
compensation, it is extremely doubtful
if any of the union bands which the com
mittee might decide to hire will play
.with them. E. W. Kent promised the
committee that a special meeting of the
Musicians' Union would be held- to-night
when the question bf allowing the union
bands to march with the National Guard
bands would be submitted to the board of
directors.
INVITATION FOR CADETS.
Father Caraher. of St. Francis Church
suggested to the parade committee that
some features be added to the parade that
would commemorate the thrilling scenes
ot the Revolutionary War. He also call
ed attention .to • the fact that the League
of the Cross had . not been invited to
take part in the parade and that the boys
were going to San Rafael to participate
in the celebration. A motion was made
that both the League of the Cross and
the Boys' Brigade be invited to march on
the Fourth. The motion was carried and
Father Caraher. was appointed to try to
induce ¦ the League of the Cross to cele
brate in this city.
A letter was received from Dr. Ira
Barker Dalziel, accepting the office of
grand marshal. James Booth of the pro
gramme committee announced that Frank
Captain Schell expressed the opinion
that this immigration is a thousand fold
more of a menace to American labor than
the immigration of Chinese or Japanese.
Deputy United States Immigration Com
missioner Schell of the bureau at this
port, has been informed officially that
during the week ended May 24 of thi:?
vear there were landed at Ellis Islanu,
N. Y., 10,000 laborers from Southern
Italy. During the succeeding- week W79
more landed at the same place from the
same part of Italy. The total arrivals at
New York of immigrants of all nationali
ties for the week ended May 31 was 20,33i>.
at which ratio, if the immigration should
continue for one year, the population of
the country would be increased by I,uo7,472
laborers. "
Nearly Twenty Thousand Italian
Laborers Land at New York
Within Two "Weeks."
weathers up^to the standard fixed by the
department. • ' • " • I •
There will be great, rejoicing in scores
6t neighborhoods at tba news that' rural
free delivery service Is<so6n to be-possi
ble for them. This Is the first announce
ment of the Important fact* of the estab
lishment j of the new district.
v*. Lowest ratesv $r moving, packing, shipping:
and storing. .Sms B ; V. "and S. Co.. 630 Market.*
Confirms Sale of Bcmds.
Judge TroutiJ confirmed the sale of a
portion of the personal property of the
late Anna Cohn yesterday for $58,373.
Among the holdings sold were ten shares
of stock in the San Francisco Turn Ver
ein Association for $S50; eleven 5 per cent
bonds of the Southern .Pacific Railroad
Company for $1200 each, one share of
stock in the German Savings and Loan
Society for $2000 and 300' shares of stock
in the San Francisco Gas Light Company
lor $1612.
CAPTAIN SCHELL POINTS
OUT A MENACE TO LABOR
Catholics of San Francisco are highly
indignant at the methods adopted by some
person or persons who are collecting
money under 1 the guise of charity. Boxes
have been placed by the impostors at sev
eral street corners to receive contributions
from, the charitably inclined.
One of these boxes is attached to a tele
graph pole at the southeast corner of Sut
tcr and Kearny streets. It is made of
glass and the cover of it Is held tight by
two strong brass locks. Attached to the
box is an American flag and a crucifix.
Until within a few days ago a rosary oc
cupied a place near the flag. Below the
box are a number of small slips of paper
adorned with a cross on which are print
ed a prayer and the inscription, "St. An
thony's Blessing." The prayer concludes
with a suggestion tha^gTaces. both spirit
ual and temporal, wwl be granted those
carrying one of the slips.
The newsboys who sell papers on the
corner of Suiter and Kearny streets say
that the box is emptied ever*- night by a
woman dressed in black, who carries
rosary beads. Sometimes she empties the
box at 4 o'clock and other times as late
as 6 o'clock in the evening. •
Several of the Catholic clergymen of
San Francisco have received letters from
their parishioners calling attention to the
peculiar way of collecting alms. The
clergymen say that it is an unheard of
thing and a contemptible act to place a
rosary; crucifix and an American flag to
gether on a public street as a means of
attracting the attention of passers-by to
a charity box.
A prominent Catholic clergyman, whose
attention was drawn to the box yester
day, became highly indignant. He said
that he considered that it was a fraud
Jtnd was put there to lead Catholics to be
lieve that they were contributing to the
"St. Anthony bread."' which, among
German Catholics, is similar to the Amer
ican "poor box."
The Rev. Father Maximilian Neumann,
Superior of the Franciscan Order and rec
tor cf St. Boniface's Church, when inter
viewed by a Call reporter concerning the
presence of the box, said:
"I think the matter should be looked
into by the police. The slips that you
have shown me are similar to some that
were distributed at the dedication of St.
Boniface's Church last Sunday by un
known persons. Many of my congrega
tion have called on me and showed me the
papers and they are highly indignant a.t
the imposition."
Father Raphael, rector of St_ Anthony's
Church, at Folsom and Army streets, said
last night: "I am grieved beyond measure
to hear of this disgraceful scheme to de-
Iraud pious persons.
"It is easily decognized as a swindle."
continued Father Raphael, "as no nun is
ever seen on the street after sundown.
Besides, a nun never goes outside the con
vent unattended. . She is either accom
panied by one of her number or a young
lady from the convent. As to the slip you
have shown me. it does not contain St.
Anthony's. blessing at all and is simply a
device of the impostors to lead unsuspect
ing rxsctflft to contribute funds to a
mythical charity." ,; ; .
Xieg Broken by a Telephone Pole.
Joseph Furrer, an employe of the tele
phone company, who resides at 515 -Pine
etreet. had the two bones of his left leg
broken yesterday while at work at the
Junction of San Bruno avenue and Twen
ty-fourth 6treet. Furrer. with others of
his companions, was erecting poles, when
cne of them slipped and struck him on
the leg.
Judge Sloss sustained the demurrer, but
grave District Attorney Byington ten days
in which to amend his complaint, In or
der, he said, "to give him an opportunity
to present a stronger case to the Supreme
Court." • • •
Judge Sloss holds that the clause in the
charter giving the bond and warrant
clerk power to fix bail bonds is uncon
stitutional in so far as it refers to a fel
ony charge. "The charter," says Judge
Sloss, "can give the clerk power to fix
bonds in municipal cases, but cannot em
power him to fix bonds on a felony
charge, as it is a State offense."
Hereafter the bond and warrant clerk
and his deputies will not have the power
to fix bail in felony cases. They were
deprived of this power yesterday by Judge
Sioss, who sustained a demurrer to the
suit brought by the city against Daniel
Hartnett and others to recover $2000 bail
money forfeited by .them as sureties for
the appearance of T. Callnan, a police
officer. Calinan robbed a grocery and
also stole two horses from a Larkin
street stable. He was arrested and re
leased on $2000 bail accepted by Assist
ant Bond and Warrant Clerk T. I. Fltz
patrick from Hartnett and others. The
officer never appeared for trial and Hart
nett and his fellow bondsmen refused to
make good their bond. A suit was
brought and the bondsmen demurred to
the complaint on the ground that the
warrant clerk had- not the power to fix
bail bonds in felony cases.
Rural carriers will not have tc*. deliver
mall to houses ' standing back- from the
road, except in the case of registered
mail, special delivery and pension letters.
Tho patrons of tho service will be re
quired by the department to meet it half
way by affording the carriers every fa
cility for the performance of their duties
'by keeping the roads clear after ¦ heavy
snowfalls and using their influence to
maintain the condition of the roads in all
The attention of the rural dwellers is
called at this time to certain fundamental
requisites concerning the way to : have
routes established. In the first place they
must prepare a petition to be signed only
by- heads of families, who must set forth
the number of persons in their charge
who are over 16 years of age. They must
also describe the nature of the .country
where the delivery Is desired, whether it
is densely or sparsely populated, the prin
cipal occupation of the people, the charac
ter- of the roads and the distances which,
under existing circumstances, . each per
son has to travel to receive his mall and
must send a map indicating the proposed
route. . * . • .
HOW TO * GET ROUTES.
With the institution of many new routes
in the great Pacific district there will be
need of additional carriers. For the in
formation 'of. those who aspire to serve
Uncle Sam in- this capacity it may be nec
essary to some announcements.
First there is a civil service examination
to bo taken, but this Is - not '¦ very severe..
The age limit will be between - 17 and 55
years, with the exception that honorably
discharged soldiers, and sailors of the lam
two wars in which' the United States : has
engaged are eligible, providing, that they
are physically qualified to. do the work of
carrying the mails in all. seasons and all
sorts of weatrter. The carrler<must have
a proper horse and cart or be able to pro
vide such an outfit in case he is appoint
ed. The chance to do thls\«4OTk will -cause
the interest in the districts • where the
service will be called for. in the near'fu
ture. > :-¦
Carriers\are permitted to' act. as news
agents, sell periodicals or books on their
own account and to- accept and collect for
subscriptions for the same.- ¦• •¦¦ . ¦ -
Mr. Erwin will be assisted 'by special
agents M. de la Montanya "and E. C.
Clement, who have been ordered to report
to him for duty on* July 1. ,
CABRIERS ARE NEEDED.
Those who desire the delivery must be
prepared to put up at their own expense
secure boxes in accordance with/ the
orders of the department. Such are some
of the Important facts relative to the ser
vice furnished by Mr. Erwin and they will
be valuable to those who will seek to bo
put at once in daily touch with the. affairs
of the world from which, by reason of
non-delivery of mail daily, they arc prac
tically remote.
The purpose in the rural free delivery
Is not to grant a suburban delivery to
cities included in the free delivery service
nor to establish a village free delivery.
The end in view fs to give postal facilities
to those who have none and to carry tha
mails daily to remote communities, tho
residents of which would otherwise have
to travel from two to twelve miles to re
ceive their letters and newspapers. The
roads to points to be reached must be
good. This. is an essential requisite.- No
route can be established under ordinary
circumstances that is less than twenty tt^
twenty-five miles in length, or which
serves less than 100 families. Over the
route the carriers are. not expected to
travel more than once per day. . ;
Communities and localities will probably
be prompt in making application for the
advantages conferred by free rural de
livery. In the country to be included in
the Pacific Division there are already
established 200 routes, .approximately, of
whlch j ;: the majority are In" California.
Manyinew routes will be added in all di
rections in the year ensuing. Mr. Krwlu
anticipates that the opportunity will be.
taken advantage of by enterprising harnr
lets all over the coast. While the terri
tory is vast it contains only about 4 per
cent of the total population of the United
States and the people are widely sepa
rated.
CAUFORNIA NOW LEADS.
ON Tuesday of next week a Pacific
Division of the Rural FreeDeli%'ery
Service of the Postal Department
will be established. The official
who is intrusted with the im- (
portant work of organizing the district is
J. W. Erwln, assistant superintendent of
the rural free delivery system of the
United States. He is already busily en
gaged in arranging the preliminaries.
The area that will be embraced in th©
Pacific district will be of vast extent, be
ing, in fact, one-fifth of the entire surface
of the continental territory of the United
States. In it are. included the States of
California, Washington, Oregon. Idaho,
Nevada and Utah and the Territory of
Arizona. Generally speaking, this coin
cides with the boundaries of the Pacific
Coast division of the Railway Mail Ser
vice, taking in an equal area.
This will be great news to suburban
dwellers on the Pacific Coast, for It means
that mail facilities that they have enjoyed
or hoped to enjoy will be provided much
more largely than has heretofore been
possible. In the last appropriation bill
for the postal service the amount to be
devoted to the rural free delivery service
was doubled and the great extension of
routes was in view. To that end the
money will be expended. Probably there
is no one in the United States mail service
who has had wider experience than Mr.
Erwin in organizing large enterprises for
the benefit of the receivers of mails. His
appointment to this important post will
therefore be reason for general satisfac
tion.
Impostors Are Deluding
Public by Means of
"Poor Box."
Sloss Decides He Cannot
Fix Bail on Felony
Charges.
CLERGY EXPOSE
CHARITY FRAUD
CURTAILS POWER
OF BOND CLERK
I would therefore recommend to your hon
orable body, that the committee do not parade
and that . the appropriation for parade pur
poses, $800, be turned back to the city and Its
taxpayers.- I have incurred no contracts nor
expenses, except my time, street car fare and
small incidental expenses, which I will stand.
"What there is left ot the National Guard in
San Francisco on the Fourth will par ad? by
themselves, as is customary with them. They
are not required by law to turn out with the
civic organizations. 'If they turn out by them.
selves we have no need to furnish them musk-,
but if they turn out with us as part of us we
must accent their bands and pay them, and
Mr. George <R. Wells. Vice Chairman of
Fourth of July Committee — Dear Sir: BusN
ness has called me away this afternoon, so
that I cannot be at the Fourth of July meet
ing. I have this much to report: That owing
to- the resignation of our chairman the mer
chants have seen fit to not participate in the
demonstration. The fact that the unions will
not allow their members to belong to the Na
tional Guard has made ill-feeling all along the
line. .
. Hardly had Vice Chairman Wells finish
ed hiSiappeal for peace when W. A. Des
bsFough'siletter of resignation as chair
man o^,the? parade committee was read.
•Ic was as. follows :
DESBOROTJGH'S LETTER.
The resignation of Desborough and the
announcement of the discontent of the
merchants, were tha least of the commit
tee's trouble's. When a report was re
quested from the music committee the
general icommittee found • itself in the
meshes of a most perplexing situation.
Because of , the deficiency in funds the
committee had decided that the street pa
rade should be strictly military. E. W.
Kent -of the Musicians' Union announced
that the music committee was unalter
ably opposed to paying the bands of the
National Guard anything for their serv
ices. He said that these bands were non
union.. The committee took a vote on tho
Question .and decided that no money
should be allowed to non-union musicians.
As the parade is to be limited to military
organizations and . as the National
Guardsmen will probably refuse to turn
out unless furnished with music, the
prospect of a parade does not appear
very promising.
* Tn the absence of a regular chairman
Vice Chairman George R. Wells called
the meeting to order.*. Anticipating that
the meeting would probably carry the
committee through a very tempestuous
sea, he pleaded for harmony and invoked
the spirit of peac^ in the memory of the
patrlot*bldod that was shed at Yorktown,
Valley Forge and -in the great Civil War
to abide with the" members of the com
mittee during their deliberations. His
supplications were in vain, however. :
TBOUBLE OVER MUSIC.
This was from W. A. Desborough, and,
besides announcing his resignation as
chairman of the parade committee, in
formed the committee that the merchants
had decided that they would not-partici
pate in the celebration. This announce
ment proved a rather disheartening blow
to the plans of the committee. The mer
chants nad manifested unusual Interest in
this year's observance of
day, and a number of firms had signified
their intentions of placing floats in the
parade. The ., resignation of Chairman
Desborough left, the committee in a mud
dle in regard to the parade, as he had
practically taken upon himself "to make
all arrangements and had succeeded in in
stilling some enthusiasm into the mer
chants. Mr. Desborough stated in his let
ter that* merchants were dissatisfied 'be
cause Mr.. Cornwall had resigned.- te
When George Filmer surrendered the
office of grand ,r marshal . the .committee
hoped that: the unions "had been (entirely
placated," but- yesterday's meeting in the
California Hotel showed that trouble in
that direction had but- commenced. As
soon as the meeting was called to order
a letter was read from Bruce Cornwall
announcing his resignation. The commit
tee already knew that Cornwall's resigna
tion was in the hands of Mayor Schmitz
and his. letter .created no surprise.. The
next communication, however, not only
furnished a surprise, but for a moment
seemed to put an end to all hopes of a
sireet parade. . ' »
The Fourth of. July Committee is strug
gling with -a dilemma which appears al
most hopeless of : a' satisfactory- solution.
Unless- some very decisive action is taken
within thenext few days toward clearing
up the "clouds' of confusion under which
the committee is laboring, this year's
celebration, .'and especially the street pa
rade, will probably prove a fizzle. Since
the committee was appointed its pathway
has been anything but strewn; with; roses
and now -.- step seems' to \ uncover a
new thorn of contention. ¦- ~- ¦ ~
Unions Protest Agaicst Pay
•icg the National Guard {
:- ' > Bands.
Preparations for Fourth
of July Meet With
Obstacles.
COMMITTEE
ENCOUNTERS
MANY TRIALS
GREAT RURAL DELIVERY
DISTRICT GIVEN COAST
Assistant Superintendent Erwin to Extend Routes in States
and. Territory Comprising One-Fifth of Total Area of
Entire Continental Possessions of the; United
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1902.
14
REMEDIES
The Set, price $ 1 .00, Consisting of CDTICURA
SOAP, to cleanse the skin, CUTICURA OINT-
MENT, to -heal the skin, and CUTICURA RE-
SOLVENT PILLS, to cool the blood, is often suffi-
cient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring skin,
scalp, and blood humours, rashes, Ucbiogs, and
irritations, with loss of hair, when all else fails.
MILLIONS USE CUTICURA SOAP
Assisted bv OcTicima Ointment, for preserving, purifying, aod beautify-
icz the skin, for clcausiti- tl>e scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the
stopping of falliuK hair, for softening, whiteniu«, aud soothing red rough,
sore hands, for baby rashes, itching?, and chnfings, In the form of baths
lor annovim' irritations. and Inflammations, or too free or offensive per-
Epir&tion,'ia the form of washes for uleerative \v«aknes?es, and for many
f&uative. antiseptic pur|>o«es -which readily suggest themselves to women,
especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and uursery.
niiTirmni nrcnillCUT DIMC (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless,
SoteFrop* .. Boeuva V. S- A. " All »t>--ui «h* Skin. Sctiv md Hair trw
APVEBTISEHENTS.
SPECIALS THIS WEEK. '
500 Dozen LADIES' SWISS EMBROIDERED BAND COL-
LARS, In aiout 75 different patterns, These collars
are in pure white, also white an! Mack, and. assorted
colors Price 1 2Hc Each
Regular value 25c. 35c and 4Oc
75 Dozen LADIES' LAWN EMBROIDERED BAND COL-
LARS, 10 different patterns. These ape in pure
white and^arass linen shades... Price 20c Each
- x : Former price 40o
Vl50 Dozen, LADIES' POINT VEN1SE LACE BAND COL-
1 LARS, 29 different patterns. These collars were
imported to sell at 60c and 75c each
• • .-All this lot 30c Each
'50 Dozen LADIES' SWISS MULL AND LAWN WASH
CROAT TIES. These are in white and a good assort-
ment of colors Price to close 25c Each
100 Dozen LADIES 1 UNLAUNDERED, HEMSTITCHED
AND INITIALED SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS.
In these we haye a full assortment of letters
• .:.. Price 90c Half Dozen
100 Dozen LADIES' DEMI-LAUNDERED AND HAND-
EMBROIDERED SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS..
.•.-.••••• ... ..$3.00 Dozen
100 Dozen GENTS' UNLAUNDERED, HEMSTITCHED AND
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS. These are Irish
manufacture and warranted pure linen.
... ..-..'.Will be sold at $1.50 Half Dozen
500 Dozen ENGLISH COTTON TORCHON LACE, loth edg-
lngs and. lnsertingSj from one inch to three inches
in width, all good designs >
• Prices 40c, 50c and 60c Dozen
Our Mall Order Department Is most complete. AH
orders for samples or goods filled and shipped same
> dan then are received.
'-, III- 113; 115. 117. H^. 121 POST STREET.
119 TAYLOR ST. J100 MCALLISTER ST.
EGGS, Selected Ranch, dozen (9c
Largo white. Thursday only.
FRENCH SARDINES, in OHv Oil, 3 cans 25e\J
"Bottln & Cie." Large quarter slse. Op«a
for sampling. 50 cases ca sale.
WOOL SOAP, 5 c size. S cakes 23c
No Imitations at Faber's.
BEST JAPAN RICE, large white grain. ;„**
: Illbs50c
Usually Sc lb.
COFf EE, very best Costa Rica, Ib 20c
Frequently sold as Java and Mocha>. but
her* under true name. Tea storo price 30c.
LOGANBERRY. Jam or Jelly, per glass...lCc
Assorted dozen. $1 10. Mrs. Faber's Pre-
serving Kitchen open to all. •
BUTTER, Fancy Table Creamery, sq. . .34c
Taste at store. Usually 40c.
PRUNES, Dr. Stone's, bright and meaty.
7 lbs 25c
As good flavor as bit quality. Medium
large size.
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service dally to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
Personally conducted excursion* ts Kansas
City. Bt. Louis. Chicago. New York. Boston
and all Eastern points. For full Information
address
I* M. FIjETCHER.
Pacific Coast Agent.
128 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
C^^^y^-^ *%.
dvisiT DR. JORDAN'S cheat, I
jtaUSEUH OF ANiVrOHY*
d mB l : 3iai.2ZI7S?.t«l.S:i*7-.i,S.r.CiL ,
\ ,Cf The Llreest ArM omical Museum in the
¥ &3TrKk. *f otld - VVeakneiies or any c.nmcted /
i. TCT Ft *»*«« P*»' tl '"'" l 7e«ir«>dhythe»ldejt !
0 ISM Speailist on the Coist. EiC^yein ( ¦
1 fljgfjf DR. JORDAH-DISEAScS OF MEM <
1 ? WKt? Convolution free md soielly private \
W S XrSi TrMincit p«rson»lly or by !-ttet. A jB
I \ I if Tl J^titHM Cun in ereiy ease undertaken. T
M r U II ' w rite for Book. ?BILO1OPBY at A
W ¦ If 11' a«JS,l»I*XA«BE. MAILEB FKH2, I A ¥
A O if »*I u » w e boo* tot m<-n) A
f B3. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St. & F. W
¦D"DTTc;TjTnQ for barbers, bak-
fjj\lj OAJ.A-JkJ •"• bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, Cou-mllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, tho« factories,
•tablemen, tar-rcofera, tanners, tailors, etc.
bUCHAi^A.* BROS.,
Eruah Manufacturers, 60S Sacramonto St
-i^^fftJ4u WealcEye»Stran£ttwnad.
"^t*v*A«?C Painful or Inflamed eyes in-
TOSSMite. stantly relieved with GEORGU
: KS-tt3r3! MATERLE'S German Ey<i
<SWWJ& Water. 60c. at 1071 Market
/ytt^s. gt leU South 572- Nono gen .
uins .without this trademark.
Weak Men and Women *
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTER3, THS
Great Mexican Remedy: tfves health an<i
•trength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Markat.
T. H. Corcoran & Co.
THREE-DAY SALE.
FRUIT JARS, dozen pts 55c, qts. . .65c
Mason'a best. Reg. 60c and 75c.
JELLY GLASSES, per dozen. ... .30c
nice size sIa.eE without covers.
SOAP, 12 large cakes 25c
made by Swift & Co.. Chicago.
WASHING POWDER, , J-^ 6 for. 25c
J-"o wash board needed with this.
MATCHES, Yulcao, Parlor, 12 pkgs.50c
Each package contains 12 small boxes.
TEA, our regular 75c Ib kind. . . .5Cc
Thin is an extra special cut for June
3 lbs liroit.
SUGAR, J3$£ffiSr 25 .. 51.09
This Is the kind they use for preserving;
with orders only.
FLOUR, Tery best quality, I0«Ibpkg.20c
Made at Sperry's flour. mill. Beg. 25c.
. PIM-GLAS,Serville Packing Co. .3 bots 50c
Stuffed with red peppers. ' Keg. 20c
If your crocers don't suit you give us a trial
erder. We will surely please you. * .
1201 VALENCIA STREET.
8. E. Ccrner Twenty-Third. Phone ilisrion 0.
- ... . .¦ . _ " - ¦
CLOSED TO-DAY
To Mark Down f
Entire Stock...
T()-IVIQRR6W,
Thursday, June 26, 9 a.m.
v .: begins .r
THE GREATEST SACE OF
THE YEARl
SEMI-ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
SALE.
f SALESLADIES WANTED. |
6 — - — — — —^ — ; ¦ — — o ¦
GOUDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE;
I23O- 1232-1234 MARKET ST.
Good Enough
(^LL Havana Filler
" FLORODORA "'"¦ BANDS , art
cf same valu e ;as' tags from
" STAR," " HORSE SHOE,"
\*SPEARHEADr"STANDARD NA W
V OLD PEACH & HONEY."*
" SA WLOGr "OLE VARGINY"
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco;^
"-'¦¦- ¦"•¦"¦•¦ ,"''•"• ' ¦ ¦¦ '¦**¦&.