PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— KO. 159.
SA1ST' FB AXCISCO, THURSDAYi MAY* 8, 1902.
DECLARES A PRICE
WAS PUT UPON VOTE
OF A CITY COUNCIL
>':..'¦ ¦ ' ¦¦¦¦'{ _¦.-•¦ :'¦ : - ¦ ¦¦: ¦¦ . -
STATE SENATOR FROM HUMBOLDT COUNTYWH© SWEARS THAT A
" FAVORABLE VOTE ON FRANCHISE RIGHTS. IN EUREKA WAS
OFFERED THE SUNSET TELEPHONE COMPANY FOR $4000. '
. . •-¦,- f ¦¦ r - ¦. ¦ .. .
>. -BRITISH PREMIER WHO MADE
MOST SIGNIFICANT SPEECH
YESTERDAY.
; Continued; on Page, Two.
REVOLUTIONISTS RULE |
OVER SANTO DOMINGO
the Insurgent -Forces Take
Possession..
Town' of Puerto Plata Capitulates and
PORTO PLATA, San Domingo, May 7.
—Porto Plata has capitula ted to the rev
olutionary forces, which have Entered the
town In good order and have taken pos
session of the fort. Governor Deschamps
has embarked n a French steamship to
go to Porto Rico. / Aquiles Alvarez is the
new. Governor' of *, this, town, under- the
provisional government of Vice President
Horaclo Vasquez, leader of the revolu
tion. . •
¦\Vith : the ' capitulation of Porto Plata,
the whole . republic \a now . In the. hands
of the revolutionary/ government. Gov
ernor Deschainps I was - much .' opposed •>, to
yielding to the- insurgents, but the. offi
cers' and- crew, of the Dominican; warship'
In port sided with the revolutionists and
Deschamps', . capitulation rendered
necessary. . }'.: ' , ;
"He! then .'stated to me that the City
Council could be handled if the telephone
company wished to extend its plant and
Improve its system. I asked him how,
and ho told me that for a consideration
of, $1000 each. for three, Councilmen and a
satisfactory settlement .with C. S. Milnes,
the matter could be settled. He thought
it would cost' about $4000 altogether. 1
AUTHORIZED S TO ACT.
¦ "He stated that Mr. Poland. Mr! Daupri
iny and Mr. ' Ztegler,'' members; of -the City
Council, had agreed to accept", that sum
and grant the privileges,' and he was au
thorized ' by them to act in ; the . matter.
He told me further that. if I wished to
verify what . he stated. I v could call
in Mr. Poland and he wouldtalk to me on
the subject. :. I told him I had no reason
to doubt his word. / He stated that it
had cost the telephone company $50,000
in San Francisco to get the privileges .'it'
desired, and there was no reason why -it
should not contribute something to the
boys in Eureka." . ?
• The deponent further alleges that the
telephone company rejected .the proposi
tion and sent B*. C. Carroll to Eureka to
endeavor to bring about an understand
ing, but nothing was. accomplished.' ¦
y «rt UREKA, May 7.— The wran-
S gle in the Council chamber
S 1 concerning the allegations of
B * conspiracy to stifle bids for
¦^L^^f the supply of sewer pipe for
the city's new, system has
taken a new form, and other issues and
accusations have been dragged into the
controversy. Councilman Buhne, not
having been permitted at last evening's
session to read an affidavit In which S. A.
Campbell, Collector of Customs, is ac
cused of offering to deliver the Council
to the Sunset Telephone Company • for
$4000, published its contents this evening
in the Daily Standard. The publication
created a sensation, because of the promi
nence in business and political circles of
the persons concerned and the gravity
of the charges directly and impliedly
made.
Thomas H. Selvage, Senator from the
First District and candidate for Con
gress, is the affiant. After reviewing ,1h*e
political situation and the quarrel < In the
Republican camp between J. .' C. Bull and
S. A. Campbell, Republican leaders, and
C. S. Milnes, editor of the Dally Times,
on one side, and J. F. Thompson, editor
of the Daily Standard, and Selvage on the
other, the Senator deposes In part as fol
lows:
SENA'TOR SELVAGE'S CHARGES.
"I am a resident attorney for the Sun
set 'Telephone and Telegraph Company
of the Pacific Coast. The company has
quite an extensive system in the city of
Eureka. During the fall of 1901, i this
company sought to make Improvements
in the city of Eureka, and, as Its attor
ney, I made application in accordance
with the ordinances of the City Council
of the city of Eureka for permission to
make such extension and Improvements.
The Humboldt Times, edited and man
aged by C. • S. Milnes, immediately com
menced a war. upon the telephone com
pany, and fought the granting of any
rights to the company by the city.
"The City Council referred the appli
cation to acommittee, and in the mean-/
time Sterling A. Campbell called^ me up
on the 'phone and told me he wished to
have a conversation with me. 1 told him
I was at leisure and he came to my of
fice. * r
• • ¦ . ¦ ¦
Subject of Peace
Terms.
No Weakening on the
.%•— — . — — : — _ ¦-
newed. It- was important that this should
be -made clear, for. some : people thought ¦
the empire ¦¦ might become tired. •'. He did
not wish . to convey the -idea that there
was any feeling, of; bitterness toward the
Boers, for. there.was nothing the Govern
ment more earnestly, desired than "that
they should enjoy.' all the. privileges con
ferred on their brother , nations by the
colonial system.
-. ' Touching on the question of imperial
federation, Lord'' Salisbury warned his
hearers of -the' danger "of overhaste and
exhorted those. who were anxious to se
cure federation to earnestly consider the
steps they were going to take and the re
sults-expected.
"We cannot," said he. "safely interfere
by legislative action with the natural de
velopment ; of our relations to our daugh
ter countries. - 1 ; look ; with apprehension
on any attempt, .unless backed up by the
strong mass] of public opinion, to antici
pate 'events ' or, foreclose ; precious result3
which, if we are patlent'and careful, are
In store, for .the^'emplre.". '
Further advices received, here from
South Africa , announced ¦ that C08 Boers
had been captured and that ten burghers
were.kiHed in the neighborhood of Llnd
lej-, Orange River Colony,' yesterday.
Lord Kitchener, in reporting the capture
of Boers near Lindley. said. r that the Brit
ish troops forming a' continuous line left
the Frankfort, Hellbron and Vredefort
line at dawn without wheels of any sort
and proceeded rapidly. south, reaching tho
Kroonstad and Lindley, neighborhood with
the result announced.. The British casual
ties were nil. The captured. men represent
the most irreconcilable Boers in the Or
ange River Colony.;,
The town of Okiep, Western Cape Col
ony,. which . had been besieged- since April
4 by a Transvaal force under Command
ant Smutz. has .been; relieved' by a.Brit
ish force under. Colonel ; Cooper. ' The gar
rison was \ in good- health >and only a few
of the Hroopsi. were. wounded. The Boers
retired south.V
;; Lord,, Kitchener, in reporting i t!ie . relief
of ; Okiep, adds that j the ConcbnJIa dis
trict, in about the' same .^ part of - ; Cape
State Senator Selvage, as Attorney for
Sunset Company, Accuses Federal
Official at Eureka.
-— - ' - ONDON, ,>Iay The -Premier,
. jB ¦¦ .Lord; Salisbury,'; as 'president' of
M ¦¦.'• the i annual .grand 'habitation -of
B ' "^the Primrose League at, Albert
-^^^0 Hall, ••'. to-day { spoke to 2 an \ im
mense audience in • a much less.
pessimistic vein, than, when; he was last
heard : in . public. He '-'• congratulated the
league on the ! stanch support given to
Conservative governments, i one result of
which was that Great- Britain was . now
supreme in Egypt, while with regard to
Ireland, the country. need no ! longer fear
the "insane, 1 suicidal- projects of -imperial
disruption supported; by many of the op
position statesmen." . ¦ .. . '
At the -same time he.; said the country
must not expect "trio ashes of past con
flicts" to' be "extinguished immediately.
Great Britain had had j a great . and serl-;
ous war ;- but; admitting that- misery and
suffering j had -been, caused, it "must be
recognized -that 'the- power, -prestige. In
fluence and magic effect of our great em
piro are more potent, more efficient and
more admirable than: ever before."
"We have suffered,", continued the ' Pre
mier, "but we' have worii'-'Jt was impos
sible not to feel that the efforts of the
people of the country nave. In some cases,
not been worthily; recognized. The other
day Morley asked if there, was a single
member of the Cabinet' of 1S93 who, if he
could have foreseen 'the results, of "the
policy on which they., were. then launching
the country, would not have checked; the
diplomacy .f, leading; to" such; deplorable ; re
sults. As: a member. of that Cabinet he
(Salisbury) .wished to meet this statement
with the niost indignant, denial. ¦ The .war
had been used by some politicians- for. the
squalid purpose of lnjuring'thelr oppo
nents". When a C neighboring poweri or
tribe"" Invaded his U Majesty^ ' dominions
"and made an attack which" was a gross
and flagrant '.. outrage it could only;. be
met b'jr fighting in their .'» own country
those who had despised • the rights * and
sovereignty of our, sovereign." .
Turning to the peace negotiations. Lord
Salisbury r announced * that .''Great Britain
has not receded. one inch from: her" former
position. ; As to rights ' we claimed and
the policy we: intended to pursue 'we are
exactly, where we -were."
The Premier repudiated, the assertion
that Great Britain was' weakening on. the
subject of the peace terms. He declared
the country could notafford; to submit to
the suggestion that affairs should -be al
lowed- to slide back into a .position .where
it? would^be in' ; thq" power of - the enemy
when .the . opportunity, suited; him . to "re
new the issues for which this 'country had
fought during the ; last three years. ¦
When : the conflict was "over all . possible
would be; done to mold 'their; present op
ponents so, they ."could take up their'posi
tion In the empire which had : conferred so
many, blessings • on the . human race. \ But
It must be thoroughly understood that the
whole government i of- the f country, was*' to'
be'of such;V{character that -.it would 'be'
Impossible 'that 'the struggle ; could be"; re-
Great Britain Does
Not to
(Recedes
A serious train wreck occurred at Mil-
Ier, a station several miles north o( Ma
dera on the Santa Fe line, at noon yes
terday. The accident was caused by the
breaking of a kingbolt In the forward
truck of . the express car of overland
train No. 7, due to arrive in this city at
6 o'clock last evening. The express car,
combination baggage and mall car and
first passenger coach -were derailed. Flf
teen passengers were more or less seri
ously Injured. .
At the. time of the accident the train
was running at about fifteen miles an
hour and was just passing through the
station. The moment that Engineer Fitz
patrick discovered that there was some
thing wrong he "downed" the brakes
with all possible speed, and fortunately
saved the engine and tender from leav
ing the rails. He and his fireman es-.
caped uninjured, the only one of the
train crew who was hurt being Hallway
"Weigher Samuel J. Grimes, who was not'
seriously injured.
The three cars that left the rails were
thrown on their sides, but the other
five cars in the rear of the train, .includ
ing the Pullmans, were uninjured, and
none of the nassengers in these cars were
hurt.
TAKEN TO GERMAN" HOSPITAL.
As soon as possioie after the accident
Conductor Farrell, who was in charge of
the train, telegraphed to Merced for help,
but before a wrecking train arrived the
overland had been made up again ' ami
was run on to a switch. "Within an hour
after the wreck the train was again on
the main line on Its way to this city, with
several surgeons from Madera aboard
rendering aid to the injured.
The three cars' lying on their side were
left behind and but for their presence
there was no evidence that an accident
had occurred. On the arrival of the train
at Point Richmond ambulances were In
readiness for those who were the most
seriously. Injured and they were carefully
removed from the cars and upon their
arrival on this side of the bay were taken
to the German Hospital with all possible
dispatch. At a late hour last evening Dr.
A..W. Morton, the company's chief sur
geon, stated that possibly the most seri
ously Injured was Peter Lotz, who sus
tained a fracture of the seventh rib.
David M. Foltz. son of Mrs. Clara Foltt.
was taken to his home in tliis city. He
sustained internal injuries and a severely
bruised knee and two fingers of -his left
hand were crushed and his nose lacerated.
Late last evening he; was having severe
hemorrhages and his physicians said that
his Injuries were very serious.
GIRL'S STOBY OF WRECK.
Traffic officials say that the accident
was unavoidable and one that -might not
happen again in the history of railroad
ing. Miss Abble McCarthy, aged 13. who
was on the train, tells a graphic story of
the wreck. She said in an Interview last
night:
W> were running at a fair rate of spesd
ami- I tvas sitting with -another girl In the
fourth ¦ car when the accident occurred. The
first thing "I knew was "seeing a tremendous
amount of dust. tVe closed the windows, and
the porter, who was slttlne in the same car as
myself, went forward to se« what was the
matter. He came rushing back and the next
minute we were over. The engine and the
first car stayed on the rails, but the baggago
car and the possenzer car next to it went over
on their sides and our car went over on a
slant. -The four cars behind us stayed on the
rails. The Jar was tremendous. • but no one In
my car was hurt, and bj the aid of passengers
In- the • back ' car . we were enabled to jcet out
through the door in safety and be handed to
the sround.
People in the car ahead of us were not »o
fortunate. One man had a badly cut forehead;
another man, I beard them say, had a broken
rib; another had an Injury to his hip and sev
eral were contused and bruised. .
THE INJURED.
David 31. Foltx of San Fran-
Cisco, bruised knee, two
fingers crushed, lacerated
none. Internal injuries. ]
' Mr. Morris of Fresno, lacer
ations of head. .
Felix O'Neil of San Francis
co, contusion of risht leg;.
Francisco Magee, left _ leff
bruised. ¦'¦ f. ¦?;¦
.Macke Ekonomon, laborer,
slight contusion of right
side.
Tlieo IiOokopoolns, laborer,
contusion of back.
Samuel J. Grimes. Govern
ment mall welsher, ex
tended contusion of knee.
Peter Lotz. laborer, fracture
of seventh rib and contu
sion of right side.
Many of the Victims
Are Brought to
This City.
Coach Crowded With
Passengers Is
Derailed*
Santa Fe Overland
Train Meets With
a Mishap.
SALISBURY SAYS
BOERS WILL NOT
GET CONCESSIONS
EIGHT
HURT IN
WRECK
¦
GOVERNMENT'S NEXT STEP AGAINST THE GIGANTIC BEEP TRUST
WILL BE AN EFFORT TO ENJOIN THE PACKERS IN COMBINATION
Draft of the
Bill :Now:-
Ready.
Unlawful Acts
Are to Be
Chedked.
Plants.
Blocks Work
of the Big
v JEFFERSON; CITY,' Mo., i. May i 7.— Quo
warranter proceedings or an application for
ALL PAY SAME RATE.
. Day in -commenting on this said: "Mr.
Blythe Is a very good generar counsel, but
I have always noticed that lawyers for
railroads make very bad traffic managers.
Blythe is entirely in error when. he says
that the withdrawal of rebates has com
pelled the , beef trust to raise the price
of its product.- He does not . understand
the case. The fact is: that before we en-
Joined the / ra}lroads 'they were charging
the published traffic rate, to everybody
and /giving rebates amounting to from
$3,000,000 to" $5,000,000 a year to large pack
ing houses. The little packers'and small
shippers got no rebate arid were - thus at
a -very' serious disadvantage.' i When we'
enjoined the ) roads ¦ they all abolished the
former published; rate and made a pub
lished rate which was equivalent- to the
secret rate which 1 the so-called ' beef trust
enjoyed. ¦>..•'•'. ¦ '. '
' This public rate .; is - nowj being "paid .' by
the -big packers as well as by the small
ones'.;; Everybody is paying the same rate
now, and instead of -having the litle fel
low ,af a; disadvantage the big fellow is
on, the same basis with him, but the trust
houses are . not; paying; a cerit more • than
they were '.; before * vfe enjoined the rail
roads : and before i they lifted the price of
.beef.V . ''!'¦¦.-: '¦. ''•',, ':'¦'¦ '-¦¦'> '. -/';' '.'•;;; .; Y'..-
The attention of Day was called to the
testimony of J. W. Blythe, general coun
sel of the; Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
Railroad, given before >. the House Com
mittee on Interstate , and Porelgn Com
merce^ Blythe told the committee that
the railroads had ceased paying i rebates^
and these rebates being withdrawn from
their coffers had compelled the packers to
raise the price of beef. In other words,
Blythe endeavored . to ;niake the' commit
tee believe that the public was now pay
ing the profits of the packers instead of
the railroads, and that this was : due to
the Department of Justice "acting on evi
dence furnished by the Interstate Com
merce Commission In having enjoined the
railroads from giving rebates.
ALL BUREAU, 1406 G
¦^•^m STREETY N. W., .WASHING-'
f^ ?tON, May 7.— Attorney . Gen
3 eral Knox ; to-day .completed
HL V his revision of the draft of the
bill of complaint against the
beef trusts and sent it ¦ to the printer.
The Attorney General declined to make
any statement as to. its provisions, and
former Judge W. A. Day, who is actively
associated with, him as special counsel,
was equally reticent. , ;
Big news in connection with the Gov
ernment's proceedings against the beef
octopus is said to be. that the. bill of com
plaint will ask .for the immediate en
joining of various \ packing houses from
further combining.? for. the lowering of
prices at the stock 'yards; for .the' rais
ing of- prices on the butcher's block; for
the blacklisting of dealers and employes,
and various other unlawful acts .which
have made its name. an object of wrath
to the whole American ,. people. By an
immediate injunction v is meant that si
multaneously with ;the filing of the bill
of complaint and the issuance of an or
der by a United States judge in Chicago,"
the beef trust will be as completely
blocked in its efforts to filch dollars il
legally from the pockets of the public as
though armed United States „ Marshals
had stepped in and taken it3 agents into
custody^ and 1 possessed. themselves of the
great .packing plants. -"In other words, as
a lawyer 'put it' to-day, "it is like, put
ting a man in. jail wlthouj^baU jand trying
hlin';^ter'w»J 1 <iBS^'^?^.-. - -Cv ."-¦'*-;¦¦'.
>TJ. MEANS^QUICK ACTION.
There , are ;twof ways by which the De
partment of 'Justice could have proceeded.
One would . have been to have gone into
court and asked for an 'immediate pre
liminary injunction on the showing made
by the bill of. complaint and accompany
ing affidavits, and the other would have
been to have 'asked "the court to receive
papers and appoint, a master in equity
to take testimony for the purpose, of es
tablishing facts on' which, an injunction
might issue. One would have meant in
stant action, the other delay. The. for
mer ;, has" been chosen. In this case so
thorough has been the" work of former
Judge Day and District Attorney Bethea
and so full and convincing has been the
proof of", the existence of this unlawful
combination, 'that- the department Is "un
derstood to feel perfectly satisfied that it
has ample evidence on which to base its
request for an immediate preliminary in
junction and.lt expects that request to
be granted.
Attorney -' General Knox and . former
Judge Day. had a final conference this aft
ernoon on the subject' of injunction pro
ceedings, and the Attorney 'General ran
nounced that he might j have something
to say within a few days with reference
to the matter. " .
CHAFFEE
TO MEET
SULTANS
Military Governor to
Talk With Moro
Leaders.
of Generals in the
Philippines.
Root Upholds Work
War Secretary Cites
Orders Approved
by Lincoln.
Government against the repetition of barbarous
outrage except the enforcement of the penal-
The reckless expedients adopted "by the
enemy, especially the policy of intimidation
end assassination, leave to the brigade com
mander no other means of protecting either
the lives of his subordinates or those of peace
ful or friendly citizens or the interests of his
EXPEDIENTS OF ENEMY.
upon our Government and ecoto Its kindliest
efforts at pacification. We consequently find
ourselves operating in a thoroughly occupied
terrain against the entire population, united in
a hopeless struggle, using, conniving at or
tolerating barbarous methods which almost
reach the limit in outraging the laws and
usages of legitimate warfare.
Agalnrt but one of these flagrant violations
of the laws of •warfare, namely, murder, hats
the United States Government evaded. Judged
or excited the ptnaTties authorized by the sec
tions of the law above cited, in the vain hope
that by their exercise of forbearance and gen
erosity the people might be conciliated and
become reconciled to and convinced of the
benevolent purposes of the Government. In
rtesd of having had the desired effect, how
ler, this policy In the province of Batangas
and Laguna has apparently failed to appeal to
even the keenest and most appreciative Intel
lects. On the contrary It has been interpreted
by many as an evidence of weakness and fear,
end, puffed up by a childish and ignorant con
ceit over »hat they are pleased to consider suc
cessful resistance of our people, the people
have become eo arrogant that they look down
In reply the Secretary submits two or
ders by General Bell, dated December 8
and 9 last. In the first General Bell re
fers to the treachery of the natives,- to
their use of infernal machines and to
their constant violation of all the rules
of civilized warfare. Therefore, he de
clares that he is reluctantly obliged to
avail himself of the right of retaliation
under the regulations, and to deal se
verely with persons who commit acts de
nounced in General Order No. 100. He
Bays:
Secretary Root submitted to the Senate
an answer to the resolution of May 1,
calling for copies of any orders issued
by General Bell relative to reconcentra
tion in Batangas, and of the orders issued
by General Smith to Major Waller, set
¦up by the latter in his defense before the
¦court-martial. The Secretary also was
asked to state whether these orders were
approved by General Chaffee or by the
War Department, when they were known
In the department and when counter
manded.
BELL AND SMITH'S ORDERS.
"It has not been deemed wise or prac
ticable to interfere from Washington
with the conduct of military operations
on the other side of the world under con
ditions and exigencies which the compe
tent and faithful officers commanding the
Division of the Philippines necessarily un
derstand far better than is possible for
the "War Department."
government of armies of the United
States in the field,' approved and promul
gated by Abraham Lincoln, in General
Order No. 100, of 1863, a copy of which is
ennexed hereto and which have been fol
lowed and conformed to by all orders
made in the Philippines In respect of that
campaign so far as the same has been
received at the "War Department.
"No orders or instructions have been
forwarded to the commanding military
.officer in the Philippines relative to the
— conSuFl rnr mi?rtary~eperanons~ Ih~ thesis
land of Samar, or relating to the cam
paign of General Jacob II. Smith, in said
island, except the "instructions for the
"WASHINGTON. May 7.— Secretary Root
has made the following response to the
House resolution calling for copies of all
orders sent to General Smith and other
cmcers relative to the campaign in Sa
mar:
ACCORDING TO LINCOLN.
General Chaffee took with him a quan
tity of medical supplies and two doctors.
He thinks there will be no more fighting
vnless the troops are attacked where
they now are.
MAICILA, May 7.— General Chaffee sail
ed to-day on the transport Ingalls for the
Llano district of the Island of Mindanao.
General Davis telegraphed that he
thought the presence of the Military Gov
ernor of the Philippines would have a
favorable effect on the prominent Moros,
and General Chaffee immediately replied
that he was going to Mindanao. He has
ordered General Davis to arrange a con
ference with the prominent surviving
Sultans and Dattos.
A post will be established at Camp
Vickers, where the troops now are. Lit
tle information can be obtained concern
ing the wounded Americans. General
Davis thinks only two or three amputa
tions will be necessary and that no
deaths are likely to occur. Lieutenant
Jossman's case is now considered to be
more serious than that of Captain Moore.
Continued on Page Two.
The San Francisco Call.WASHINGTON. May 7.— Confirmations
by the Senate: Marshals— J. H. Shine,
Northern District of California; H. Z. Os
borne. Southern District of California.
Judges Court of Private Land Claims— J.
R. Reed, Iowa (Chief Justice); H. C. Sluss.
Kansas; W. W. Murray, Tennessee; F. I.
Osborne, North Carolina; W. F. Stone,
Colorado.
California Marshals Confirmed.
Dr, H. M. Silver saw the Bishop later
at the latter's house. He stated subse
quently that the Bishop was very much
better and* that he was suffering from
overwork.
The lights were out to-night at. the
Bishop's house at 10:30 o'clock, except in
the hall. The butler stated at that time
that the Bishop had fully recovered, and
was resting comfortably. The doctor had
left the house an hour before.
The Bishop, late in the afternoon., at -^
tended an entertainment given by the
boys of the choir school of the Cathedral
of St. John the Divine at the orphan asy
;um on the cathedral grounds. He was
scheduled as the principal speaker. When
the time came for him to begin his ad
dress it was found that he had gone to
sleep in his chair. When he was aroused
he recovered himself immediately and be
gan to speak.
. The Bishop had .been speaking only a
few minutes when the tottered and faint
ed. Those about him were much alarm
ed. The superintendent of St. Luke's
was summoned and attended the Bishop,
who recovered consciousness in a minute
or two. He was sent in his carriage to
his home.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Bishop Henry C.
Potter of the Episcopal diocese of New
York was suddenly taken ill to-day, but
his 'illness is said , to-night not to be of
an alarming nature.
Friends Are Assured That
His Condition Is Not
Alarming. ••,
Episcopal Prelate of New
,York' Suddenly
Taken 111.
BISHOP FAINTS
DURING SPEECH
SCENE AT HANFORD ENCAMPMENT OF GRAND ARMY VETERANS.
AND THE SAN JOSEAN WriO MAY BE ELECTED COMMANDER OF
THE DEPARTMENT OF NEVADA AND CALIFORNIA. .... i
-¦ XAPA. May*'7. — John' -Cannon was to-day
sentenced to serve, one year in San Qucntin
for passlngr a fictitious check a few months ago
on a business man: in Napa.". |
• - Cable communication ' southward
St.'- Lucia, ¦¦> in the- Windward * islands,
ceased suddenly this afternoon. \ Fire and
smoke ¦ from the -eruption at -St.; Vincent
are said to be .visible from St. ' Lucia ahd
distant detonations ¦ are audible "at Do
minica, Antigua and St. Kitts, in the Lee
ward -• Islands,' at- Guadaloupe.v In. th^
French West Indies; "and here." It is re
ported that the .volcanic craters on Domin
ica are showing signs of activity.
ST. THOMAS, Danish .West Indies, May
7.— Advices from -the Island of St., "Vincent,
British -West Indies, announce that ; for
some days earthquakes have! been experi
enced in the , neighborhood of the i Sou
freiere crater* which has . been. : smoking
and rumbling. The, people in the vicinity
of the volcano are leaving for places l of
safety. The cable > communication \ with
the : island . of * Martinique is interrupted
and: no further news can be obtained at
present of the volcanic outbreak, on Mont
Pelee. "¦'" ... ¦¦¦¦¦,", ¦_ ¦ -':-;¦. - ; . ¦;-¦.;-
dies Abandon Homes for
Safer Places/ .
Inhabitants in the British West In-
ST. VINCENT VOLCANO
V SMOKES AND BUMBLES
MIDDLJSTON; May 7.— The laborers'
union of this city, comprising 300 1 mem
bers, has ' voted unanimously. • to abstain
from Western meat for a period of thirty
days. Over, 1000 persons will abstain.
¦ Attorney General Crowe considers .the
testimony of the St. Joseph butchers on
rebates and concessions at Tuesday's ses
sion of the Supreme Court- irfqulry. con
clusive .evidence of the existence and su
premacy of the trust in Missouri.. . •
PORTLAND, ¦ Me., May 7.— The Central
Labor Union here,, as ,a protest against
the recent advance in the price of beef,
unanimously adopted a resolution binding
its members not to purchase' beef for
thirty days. . . :• ¦,,..¦'
a writ of ouster against the meat pagk
ing companies composing "the blg.foUr!'
will be the next step In the fight of the
State of Missouri on the beef trust. Ths
resnlt of the proceedings, if successful,
will be. to debar th^ companies^ from car
rying on business in the State.-
WASHINGTON. May. 7.-The Postoffice
Department to-day announced:?. Postoffice
established— Washington — Carleton, Che
halis' County. Postmasters ' commissioned
—Washington— Lewis E. Hardy, Kent;
Eliza -J.< Rogers, Carleton. . .. e !
. These pensions were granted: California
— Original — Manuel Amaso, Hanford, $10;
Henry *H. Langstran*, Klsinore; $6; Murray
b.. Patton, Santa Ana, 5$; James B.
George, Colusa, ?6; Sewell, A. Parker, Los
Ahgeles, $10; Parley L. Dutcher, Soldiers'
Home,- Los Angeles, $6; Nathaniel C.'-Mc-
Clure, Healdsburg, $6. Increased— Clark
Bailey, San Diego, $17; Samuel S. Hare,
Craftonville, $10; George H. Kimball, Los
Angeles, $17; Edward Sullivan, ;: Soldiers'
Home. - Lcs Angeles,, $12. • Mexican War—
Asa W. Finley, Ukiah, $12." Widows— An
nie Tyrf ell," San- Francisco, $8. • i
Oregon— Inprease— Columbus C.Babcock,
Oregon City. $10. i .
ft Washington— Original^George Thurston,
Green Lake, $C. Increase— Peter. Jones,
Hoqulam, $12 ;.* Michael South, View, $8.
Widows— Mary V. . Albro, Buckley ,' $8.
Army orders -announce that Contract
Surgeon James. R. Mount t will proceed
from Kansas City to'. San Francisco for
temporary duty; Captain Joseph S. Wilkins
and Major Thomas C. Goodman, paymas
ters, from, the Philippines to San Fran
cisco; Major William. W. . Gilbert, paymas
ter,-is relieved from duty <af San Fran
cisco, May " 15, and will, proceed.- to St.
Paul, Minn.
and More New Pensions
.. Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Secretary Root says that there is no
reason to doubt that the policy embodied
in the above orders was at once the most
effective and ' humane which could : possi
bly have been followed.- and declaring that
so Indeed it has proved; he submits copies
of the telegrams announcing I the surren
der, of ¦ Malvar, and the. termination of
organized resistance in the nor them. Phil
ippines. ¦; - ' - . . . '
UPHOLDS GENERAL SIOTH.
It Is useless for me to make an attempt to
show the necessity for the course adopted in
the Third and Sixth brigades to put an end to
the" active insurrection existing there in I such
a way that all persons will agree that right
action has been taken. . It Ui impossible, . of
course, for me to do thla. I will state, 'howr
ever that personal contact with the people,- a
knowledge of their methods and sentiments, • a
personal .'.- acquaintance with . the . terrain and
what may be done by an enemy as by troops,
are all essential i to determine what should be
done before condemninc j what has been - done.
It is also necessary that some other", method
be suggested and positfve proof submitted that,
had it been followed, more success correspond
ingly would have followed Its adoption than
would have been secured by the present course.
I do not understand that the authority of the
"United States in these islands can be indefinite
ly disputed by armed forces without efforts to
terminate the resistance . to that authority.' On
the other hand, ¦ I understand that all • means
which are justified by the lawe of war -arc to
be appliftdln such form as will meet.and^de
feat the method of warfare adopted by the
enemy. If desperate In the last case, more des
perate must be the attack to end it. ¦'• Every
care has been taken that^ people required to re
main under military. Bwrveillance Ehall ' not un
duly suffer for food, shelter or ¦ medical:atten
tion If needed. ,..-• ' ' - ¦ "
Another order transmitted is by Major
General Lloyd Whcaton, dated Manila,
March 24,-1902, upon the condition of the
natives collected in the ! concentration
camps, from which it appears that they
were well fed, healthful . and - contented.
General Wheaton expresses the belief that
the camps can be. broken up -within ; sixty
days. An important indorsement on this
report is by General Chaff ee, in which he
says:. ¦ • ; --' ; ,
INDORSED BY CHAFFEE.
The brigade commander therefore announces
for the information of - all concerned that
wherever prisoners or unarmed or defenseless
Americans or native^ friendly to the United
States Government are murdered or assassi
nated for political reasons, and this fact can
be established. It is his purpose to-. execute a
prisoner of war under the authority contained
in sections 50 and 14S. This prisoner of • war
will be selected by lot from among the officers
or . prominent citizens . held as prisoners of
war and will be chosen when practicable from
those who belong, to the town in which the
murder or assassination occurred.
The Secretary 'explains that the order
referred to was approved by Abraham
Lincoln," and that the order mentioned In
the resolution and in Bell's order of De
cember 13 were in strict conformity with
the let£er and spirit of this famous order,
which he says' "was a contribution of
great and recognized value."
ties authorized by the above-cited lAws of
wtr. • • • " • \ - '_ • ¦ . .
" CHAFFEE TO - MEET SULTARSi
Continued From Page One.
Goes to His Grave Unidentified. ?
SAN JOSE, May 7.— The body of Arnold
J. Harlan.'who. committed suicide in
Oak Hill Cemetery on April 11, was
buried to-day, all efforts at further iden
tification having failed. Deceased regis
tered, at the St. James Hotel as A. J.
Harlan of New York, and deposited $250
with the proprietor. In a note left to the
Coroner he directed that the money be
used to bury hini.. ¦: ...
The Secretary denies knowledge of any
order issued by General Smith to Major
WAUer, such as was* referred to in the
coiirtmartial, and he enclosed his orders
for General Smith's trial, based upon
newspaper publications, as confirmed oy
General Chaff ee. He- declares that all of
General Smith's written orders relative to
Samar already have been i printed by the
Senate, and that all are in strict conform
ity with General Order 100. In conclusion
the . Secretary submits dispatches ' from
General Chatfee, of : late date, reporting
extensive surrenders of the insurgents
and the reopening of the ports to trade
as proof of the success of the' policy em
bodied in the written order.
GOVERH MENT'S NEXT STEP,
Continued From Page One.
-r— , ; ~t — .......
ing. The session' will continue untl
luncheon hour. At 12:30 o'clock delegates
will be taken for a ride to Lemoore
where the citizens will tender them a re
ceptlon.' In the evening a reception wll
be held in the Hanford Opera-House. \
It Is authoritatively announced that a
resolution will be submitted instructing
the delegation from this, department to
the national encampment at Washington
next August to bring the next national
encampment to San Francisco if possible.
The resolution is certain of adoption. '.
The encampment will convene In the
opera-house at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn-
nia and Nevada, are arriving: in
Hanford. Trains reaching Hanford at 5:30
land 7:30 o s 'clock, -this 5 evening brought
i many from the. horlbV, and at -10:30 o'clock ''
\ the Los Angeles special pulled .In, bring- -
ing the. delegation from sputhern points.
Among ; ; : the . passengers on the ¦ Los An
i geles train' were Governor Henry .T. Gage
and General W. RrShafter, escorted by
1 the members of .their staffs. . . .
j Much interest and friendly rivalry exists
I among the candidates^ Ifor department
j commander. Those wh'of have laid wires
for this office are Major Joseph Hawley of
John A. Dlx Post of San Jose: G. A.
Allen of Stanton Post No. . 55 of Los An
geles and H. V. Parker \ of Atlanta Post
,No. 92 of Fresno. -Major Hawley's pros
pects appear to be . exceptionally/ good.
The candidates for department president
j of the Women's Relief Corps "are: Mrs.
I Jarvis of Pasadena and Mrs. Holland of
I Los Angeles. • . '.
HANFORD, May 7.— Large bodies
of delegates to the thirty-fifth
encampment, Grand Army of the
Republic, Department of Califor-
Peters, it is said, kept under cover,
leaving the matter of disposing of the
prints to Graham. The latter met Brady
at the Metropole Hotel by appoint
ment on Tuesday afternoon. Graham,
according to his accusers, explained that
he had the complete set of the blue
prints of the plans pfthe Holland sub
marine boat, including the plans of the
entire machinery. He said he wanted
$3000 for the set, bujt Brady would not
agree to pay any money until he had
seen the drawings, j
They met again at the Metropole
Hotel to-day, where Graham had hired
a room. He told Brady that he was
staying there, but as a matter of fact
the detectives said | he only hired the
room for the purpose ;.of showing the
goods. ,'. \
I . TAKEN BY v DETECTIVES. - ¦
j Before Brady went to the hotel hevis
ited police" headquarters and explained
the case to Detective Sergeants O'Con
tiell and Pepperted.- .VThey went to the
hotel and got a' room- adjoining that in
-which Brady and Graham met. When
¦the latter arrived at the Metrooole he
had only a few. of the blue prints with
him. Brady- insisted, upon seeing the en
tire s«t. whereupon: Graham told him that
they bad been .sent H&eger's storage
warehouse at Thirty-fourth street and
Eighth avenue.
: There.it was learned that a man who
said he s was James Forsythe had de
posited the drawings. They were in a
,long box. . .
After Bra.dy promised to pay $3000 for
the blue prints Graham insisted tfpon ro
.ceiving the money in cash. Brady told
him -that he had written out a check, but
that he would go to the New Amsterdam
"Bank with him and cash the check. The
two then left the hotel, followed by ths
detectives, and when the bank "was
reached Graham was placed under arrest.
Peters was found near by, and he was
also taken into custody. Both '' were
locked up at police headquarters charged
-with bringing stolen property into the
State and attempting, to dispose jof:"it.
Peters, admitted stealing the blue prints,
the. detectives. . asserted, - and said- -Ahat
Graham had nothing to do with the theft.
The latter denied, that he was Implicated
in any way in the alleged theft, and said
he simply, acted as an agent for Petefs,
who said nothing Jto him as to how he
came into possession of the drawings.
These. blue prints had been in" the hands
of the officials of the Navy Department
at Washington, where they were being
carefully inspected by experts. They had
just been returned to San Francisco,
when Peters,. It is alleged, managed, to
get hold of them. Knowing the value of
the prints he was aware, the detectives
say, that he could realize a large sum on
them, but he feared to attempt negotia
tions in San Francisco. Shortly before
he left San Francisco Peters met Gra
ham, and the two started for this city.
A day or eo after th<tlr arrival here they,
as alleged, inserted advertisements in the
newspapers offering the blue prints for
sale.
T. W. Brady of 10) Broadway, who is
an electrical expert connected with the
Klizabethport (N. J.} works of the Hol
land Torpedo-boat Cpmpany, noticed the
advertisements and notined the company
at San Francisco. He then immediately
entered into correspondence with the ad
vertisers. . . . : ' . •
TO SEL£ THE PRINTS.
Tne - prisoners described themselves as
George M. Peters, *S years old, of ZS2
West Forty-thira street, and.Jonn Gra
ham, 4'J years old, a .dealer in mines and
real estate at 4a .Broadway, and living at
the Rossruore Hotel, "Broaaway and ror
ty-second street.
According to the detectives, Peters was
employed in a confidential capacity in: the
utnee ot the Holland Torpedo Boat Com
pany and the Union Iron Works, Sail
r'raneisco, acting as stenographer and
clerk to the managers of the consolidated
companies. On /Vpril IS. the detectives
allege, he gave up his position and left
ban Francisco, taicing with him the orig
inal blue prints of the 'drawings of tiie
Holland submarine boat. 4
NEW YORK, May J,— Detective Ser
geants O'Connell and Pepperted of Cap
tain Titus', staff to-day made an impor
tant arrest in the apprehension of two
San Francisco men, one of whom is
charged with stealing the blue prints ol"
the original plans ot" the -Holland subma
rine boat ana attempting to sell the same
in this city. " . -./»
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
George Hi Peters Confesses the Com
mission of a Daring Crime and
Says Confederate Is
. Innocent.
Blue Prints : of • Submarine
Boat Holland Taken to
/ New York.
Culprits ¦ Are A Arrested
While .Selling : the i ;
Booty.
STEAL PLANS
FROM UNION
IRON WORKS
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALlJ,~ THUESDAY, MAY 8, 1902.
Delegates From California and Nevada ": .Posts. Will Start Boom- to
Win for San Francisco "the" Next National Encampment of
the Men Who Followed '/Old G^
GRAND ARMY VETERANS TAKE
HANFORD WITHOUT A STRUGGLE
2
Females of All Ages
find these Pills simply "invaluable,
as a few doses will. restore free and
regular conditions and effectually
remove the causes of much suffer-
ing to the sex. .''.:".•;
Beecham's
Pills.
v Sold ETcry— -ere— la boxes XOc aaA 38. —
__3"V__i_ISE3_E_r_S.
- ¦ _HS_nMB__H_8_ITr'TI f»
Positively cured toy these
liittlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, _Jausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in ihc Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PiiU Small Dose.
Smail Price-
1 , _________
Quickly Cured at Home— Any Lady Caa
Do it— Costs Nothing to Try.
1 ' A new tasteless dlseo-erj ' "^V"™ b*. fiT~» In i e *r
eoffee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C. T. t . and all
torape— .nco worker*. It doe* Its work go silently and
sorely that while the deroted wife, sister or daughter
looks on, tJiednin Sard Is reclaimed e~»n aff«in«t ht»wiit
»nd without; his knowledge. Ssnd Tour pameaml addres*
to Dr J. TV. Hainea, S?W Glern Bid?.. Cincinnati, O..and
he will mall a trial pack-pa of Gol.ten Specific free to
•how -ow easily it _ to cur« drunkard* with, this remedy.
rull-s!_ed boxes ct GoKen Specific are for
Hale in San Francisco by J. R. GATES _ CO..
417 Sansome St.
BAIIiWAT TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are doe to arrive at
-\ SANJTUAN CISCO.
(Mala Line. Toot of Market Street )
' _^at_ — From Apeii. 20. 1302. — -»»rri ¦
¦ 7.00a Benlcia, Suistan, Eliaira and Sacra-
mento G.55*
7.00a VacaTlUe, -"Wlntera, Rumsey 755?
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga. Santa Rosa. 6 25*
8.00a Davls.Woodlanil, Knijrhts Landing.
Marysvllle. OrovtUe 755f
8.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25 a
8.00a Miles. Lathrop, Stockton 725p
800a Xlles. Mendota, Hanford. Visalla.
Porterrlilo 4.55*
830a Shasta Expresa — Pavta. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
RedBlufl, Portland 7&Sr
8 30a San Jose. Llvermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerviiie,
Maryrrllle. Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25r
8.30a OsJcdAle,Chinese.Sonora,Tuolumi>e 425-
9.00a Vallejo™ 12.25*
••00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, La throp.Stocktcrt. Merced.
Raymond, Fresno and Los Ans<*i <¦¦ * 8 25
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez aad Wny Stations 75b?
ttO.DOA Haywurd. Siles and Way Stations. f12.55»
10.00a The Overland Limlrcd — Ogden,
Denver. Omaba. Chicago 5.25*
t14J&F Sacramento Rlrer Stenmers tiLOOy
3-CQp Benlcia. "Winters, Sacramento,
"Woodland, Knights Laudlag,
Mary»yJl!e. Oroville 10.55a
3-307 Haywird,>"lU-s and Way Stations.. 7-5Sr
4-OOr lUrtinez.Sau Ramon, ValleJo.Jfapa,
Calls. toga, Sanu Ros> a . , 9.25a
4-OOt Nile*, LlTennore, Stockton. Lcdl.. 12.25P
4.30v Hayward.Xlles.Saa.Iose.Ltvfrmore t8.55*
' 4-30? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
BakersSeld, Saugiis for Santa
'Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
S.OOp PortCosta,Trncy.Lathrop,Stockton 10 25a
5-OOp Martinez, Antlocb. btockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25P
t5.30r Xlles Local 7.25-
6-OOp Hay— ard. Xllcs and San Jose 7.55a
tS.OOp Vallejo 11.25a
6.00? Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
I- Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago 4.25*
7-COr San Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnea
and Way Stations. 11.25a
S7.00T Vallejo 7.65*
i-05i* Oregon ft California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvui*. itedainjr.
¦ Portland, Puget Sound and Eaat. 8. 55 a
tt.1Qy HaywardanttXHes tii-SoA.
COAST LINE Oar™- tiaa S «).
(foot of Market Street.)
J7.45a Santa Crni Eicnxslon .* J8.05*
8.15a Kewark, Centervllle. San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek. 6a_U
Crna and Way Stations.... 550?
12.1 5r Newark, Centervllle. Sao Jose.
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cru- and Principal
Way Stations ; _, 10.50a
4.15? Kewark, San Jose, Los Gatos +8. 50a
>4-15p San Jost. Los Gatos. SantaCrn .... c850a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN IRAS CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8>
— 17:15 9:G0 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 5.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 £3:C0
tS:05 10:00 A.x. 1200 200 400 P.X.
COAST LI N E (Broad ttamje).
< Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a ean Jose and V.'ay Stations 6 40 X
t7 00a Son Jose and Way Stations t8CQx
7.00a Jfew Almaden /4.1f>
t7.1 5a Monterey Excursion lO.ZQr
8-OOa Conn Line Limited — San Jose.
Gl'Toy, Salinas San Lnla Obtspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a Ean Jose. Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
' Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Luis
Obispo and Principal Intermedia
•¦¦• : '/ ate Stations , 4.10p
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.33a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
ai.30? San Joss and Way Stations... a7.C0r
t2.45? San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa, Cruz, Salinas.
Del Monte. Monterey and Pacific
Grove .' +1 0.45a
3.30* San Jo«o, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Crcz and Way Stations. . . . 7.30r
14-15? Ean Jose and Principally Station* 530r
t5.00r S»n Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 19.00a
6.30p San Jose and PrincipalWay Stations 6-30f
G.30p San Jose and Way Station*. 7.307
7.00* New Orleans Express— San Lnla ».-.-,
Oblvpo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Deminz, El Paso. Xew
Orleans and East 1033a
•11. 45p San Jose and Way Stations
] A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only.
! • Saturday only. e Monday only.
ft Saturday and ./Tuesday and Friday.
¦-,—_- nn— '. ' r
NORTH SHORE RAILROAO.
Via Sansallto Ferry, )
Commencing April 27, 1SM2.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILX. VAX___
AND 3AN RAPAE_
WEEK DAYS — 6:45. *7:45. 8:45. »:30t 1X:CQ
«. m.. 12:2O. •1:45.3:13. 4:13. 5:13. »«:13.
«:15. 9:43. 11:45 p. m. T:45 a, m. does not
r«n to Mill Valley.
BUNDATS— 7:00, 8:00. "9:00. •10:00. 11:00.
11:30 a. m., 12:30, »l:30, 2:30, 'S:^ 5;00. 6.00L
7:30. 9:45. 11:45 d. m.
Trains marked (•) - run to San Quentia.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO-
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. •B:^ 7:40. 8:13. tt:3o
ll:0O a. ra ... 12:23. 2:15. •3:30. 4:40. 6;S0, «:43_
10:15 d. m.
SUNDAYS — «:00. *8:0O, 8:30. " 11:00 a. m
•12:00 m., 1:CO. 2:15. *Z:3O. 4:13. •5:45. «:43_
7:30. 10:15 Dw m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VAI__3Y TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 5:40. 6:40 v 7:45. 8:25 9:4a!
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:5t>, 5:10. 5:20. Tiq_
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:30. 7:55 10:03. 11:10 a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:05. T:13. 10:44
P " "*" THROUGH TRAINS. -
-7:45 a. m. week days — Caxadero aad wu
stations. . *
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and — mv
stations. ""
•;6:15 p. m. week days (SatunJaya excepted.
—Tomales and way stations. *
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Caxadsro and wast
stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and wax
stations. '-
Legal Holiday boats and trains will rua on
Sunday tlm«,
HOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY,
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry! Arrive '¦
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran, j
5:15p. 10:COa. "* > -_? D '", th ' I oltyl * W4 3:30 p. 5:55p.
.::::::: "llo £ -tush of nmm- i$> '• ;;•;;:::
... I 2:30 P. Op-«llth«ye-r— _- 8:15 P. ......._,'
SAIliaDArJ0SLT_i«T.T--.!H3 f .»._ T ,^ s _r I _-H«.nAr. <
TtokM OAm. (21 MASXST STSEZT __ SAC4AU90 TZBXT.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Biqpeiisary,
jL^cJfP 629 KEAKNT ST. Kstablis-ed
£5i t*?>V" ls3 "* for the treatment of Piiv*t«
HftiA,-*Sf DNeases, I^st Manhood. Dehllity or
' HHHBW|Bi|(1l«'M> wearlngnn body and niinrt and
Diseases. The Doctorcures when
_T_Waa__— others fall. Try him. I 'barges low.
~*2A &£*«__ < l ur-» itnarantffd. Cull or wrtMt,
_>r. J. l\ UIBBO.V, san Francisco, Cat.
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
BMB BABSiES
Are often only hungry babies. They crj
and fret because they are ill-fed. --The
healthy mother is sure to have good
babies; babies that coo and sleep and
grOW. TVT»»^»rn -_—- p ' <V ¦^_s-_ M
ii3Lve iieaitny, \ijc
happy children. Hpk . **
"Favorite P r e '- />?
scription'' pre-
¦vents nausea, »«^&J^
soothes the nerves, &W&e^WJ/jf h
promotes the ap- W^T^^XfJ '\
¦petite, and causes ffltiidgk^W 9 '
sleep to be sound tMwA_ /Mi/ 1 ofi*.
£ive3 a great phys- ]T^^^%<>$^y~&2r
ical vigor and mus-
cular elasticity so /f^^^Oe^'VoV*
that the baby's ad- / Sffl^li yV*(
vent is practically ' >y /¦ -f jfi ¦¦-a
painless. It is the " ¦ }. " ¦ ""'" [-! ¦
best tonic for nursing mothers, restoring
strength and promoting an abundant
flow of nutritive secretions.' * -.
« I can cheerfully recommend Dr." Pierce's
Favorite , Prescription as one of the best medi-
cines for women." writes Mrs. Mary Murdock,
-Murdock, of 1045 Woodard Ave.,Topeka, Kan. "I
sider it the best medicine made. 1 know it has
¦ no equal. : I am the mother of ten children and
outy one living— the tenth one.' She is one year
' old and is as well and hearty as can be. She is a
beauty. Of my other babies, one lived to be one
1 year old. but she was always feeble. ) I tried dif-
ierent doctors, but none of them could tell me
¦what 'my trouble /was. " Thcv said I was well
and strong', j I was examined by surgeons but
they? found ndthine — rang, and they were
puszled to know, what my trouble was. I. did
.not know what to. do, so I thought this time I
• would try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. I
- took it the entire nine months and now have a
'fine baby girl, and I cannot praise your raetli
". cine enough for the good it did me." . ¦
Favorite Prescription ? makes wea".
¦women strong, sick women well. Accep
- no substitute for the medicine which
f works wonders for weak. women.
Dr. Pierce's i Pleasant Pellets are easy
and pleasant to take. A most effective
¦ laxative, y
NEW ADVEKTISE-TENTS.
Advises All Persons Suffer-
ing From Lost Manhood
to Send for This
Free Cure.
HAS THE OFFICIAL ENDORSEMENT
Of the U. S. Investigating Reilirts—
the American Authority en All
Matters of Public Welfare.
READ THIS OFFER.
ACCEPT IT TO-DAY,
¦ V
I have a message to every suffering
and health-broken man in this country.
If you are afflicted with Sexual Weak-
ness or Nervous Debility, I want you
to read this article and then write to
me. I have a medicine with which I
have cured hundreds of my friends and
others who have written me for it. I
am not a- doctor or a sharper, but a
plain business man, and I want every
sveak, disappointed and debilitated man
to write to me for a copy of the for-
mula from which this wonderful medi-
cine is prepared. I do not ask you for
money. It is free.
Read the following, by "William Cole,
M. D., Washington, D. C, published in
the United States Investigating Re-
ports, regarding: the prescription from
which this remedy for curing L.Obt
Manhood is prepared:
Durirg the examination of men for the army
curing our recent war with Spain, our United
States army physicians were shocked to find
eo large a percentage o* men disqualified be-
cauEo^of nervous disorders. Xf. 1b net the pur-
pose of these reports to enter into a statement
ot causes, other than to say that the sufferer
is seldom to blame. His condition is Indeed
oepicrebie; his memcry falls him, his energy
gene, his eyesight dlmmedi his muscles soit
s.na "his nervous stamina gene. He is pitied
by those versed in nervous disorders and re-
pelled by those of both sexes who do not un-
derstand how dark the world is to him.
Some Ctteen years ago the writer gave atten-
tion • to the cure of nervous disorders aad
iound that the late Dr. Wilson, Professor ol
Chemistry and Practitioner of Medicine in
Bellevue Medical College of. New York, had a
formula of wonderful power to restore ' to men
the fullness ol their physical and mental
etrength. In the year 18s3 the celebrated Dr.
Wilton died and his formula has been obtained
by L. F. Page of 201 State street. Marshall.
liichi£tn, who prepares it according to the
original prescription, and from our analysis of
the came, by our Board of Investigation, we
find it composed of pure and freeh drugs, and
that it is sold under the name of "Dr. "VVil-
son'b Restorative Remedies." Our Investiga-
tion was extended into a great number of simi-
lar preparations, none of which were found
equal to the above, while many were prepared
by those who knew little or nothing about
therapeutics or raatcrla medica. ¦ We hereby
caution the public against the use of all urcsr-
talr.- remedies and all who ¦ need •. nerve-life
tringing medicine we recommend them to take
Dr. Wilson's Kestoratlve Remedies, prepaied
and sold by L. F. Page, 201 State street, Mar-
ths.ll. Michigan, and unto the aforesaid Dr.
Wilson's Restorative Remedies we extend the
official indorsement of the United States Inves-
tifatir-g Reports. . , .........
To every one who writes in good faith
I will send the full formula of this
wonderful medicine. This prescription
and full directions are sent free. Have
it filled, or if you desire, you cart buy
the remedies and prepare it privately
just as well yourself. One prescription :
will make a new man of you. One dose
will be enough /to convince you of its
' marvelous power.
Among those whose attention has
been attracted by this magnanimous,
offer is the Rev. J. S. B. Crawford uf
Waynesville, N. C, a very prominent'
divine, whose own vitality was serious-
ly impaired. Being sick of paying
money to quacks and charlatans, who
took his money without doing him any
g;ood, Mr. Crawford had the prescrip-
tion made up and took it regularly, as
he was directed. With this result, he
wat perfectly cured, and after several
years of enjoyment of his newly given
powers, made the statement publicly
that every man in need of help should
do likewise.
There are not many ministers who
•would be willing to publicly indorse
and recommend a cure of this kind,
with the statement that they them-,
eelves had been cured by it, but the
Rev. Crawford has in him a great
deal of true gratitude and love of man- '
kind. This is shown in a recent letter
in which he says that he makes public:
acknowledgment "in order that others
may receive the same happy results."
You are older now and can look back [
atd see the mistakes you have made,
but you cannot recall thevvlgor and fire
of the springtime of robust manhood.
Tour transgressions have left their
mark upon you. Tour errors and ex- .
cesses have ravaged your system and
undermined your nerve force. Quick-
r.cEs, backache, nervousness and debil-
itating drains and worn-out, shrunken
sund lifeless organs are making your
life a miserable existence, devoid of
pleasure. Tou hesitate and falter; you
are r.ot the man you once were, and
you know it. Cast aside your modesty.
This matter is too important. Act at
ccce with manly decision.
This formula is printed and costs me
almost nothing, and I give it free of
any charge. I do not ask it, but if you
deeire to do so. you can pay something
tfter using it. I want to help every
suffering man in America to regain his
health and strength and the ability to
enjoy the pleasures, of Hfe,as I. do. Ad-
drtss L. F. Page, private box 777, Mar-
shall, Mich.
__/iiC_.i__l_/ i \J j_i I
-OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IROX
IT TV II CAN £ fl 80 ° Battery Street.
1' V« iHL3im OL C'Jv Telephone Main 1861.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
T4S RftVFS * Cfi KhlpPln* Butchers. 101
jAiDUlEiavU Clay. Tel. Utla 1»L
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD _ ELLIS,
418 Front «t.. S. F. . Phon* Main 1719.
PRINTING.
-& C HUGHES. «i fflSfffc 3. r.
\ PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JCDD CO.', . : . ' ' 1
- 23 Firit street.' 8aa Franclseo.
j_DVERTIS___E_r_ S. > ' *
I DYSPEPSIA
To suffer from Dyspepsia
means that your stomach is too
weak to properly digest the food
taken into it. What you need
is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,
the best medicine in the world
to cure Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Insomnia, Nervousness and Ma-
laria. Be sure to try it. /
I Stomarch Bitters,
BAILWAY TEAVEL
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND HORN • PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAST.
Tibnron Ferry, jFoot of Market St.
SAN FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAKL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 8:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SA\ UAI AKh TO SAX KRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7J35. 7:50, 0:20. 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50, 3:40, 6:00. 6:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8 :ft0, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40.
4:55, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
I>ave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco! May 4, 1902. |San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Deslina. I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. | tlon. . | days. | Days.
| 7:30 ft 8:00 a Ignacio ° I 9:10 a 8:40 a
¦ 3:30 p 9:30 a and 110:40 a 10:20 a
1 5:10 p 5:00 p Novato |6:05p 6:20 p
* ' ¦ I 7:35 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Petaluma 10:40 a) 8:40 a
3:30 pi 9:30 aj and 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Santa Rosa 7~S pi «:») p
j Fulton 3 ~~
7:30 a| Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville
'3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00a| Hopland '. |10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 0:Wp| UKlah 1 7:35 p| 6:L»0 p
'7:30 a| 8:00 a| WllUts I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|8:C0a| GuernevlUe | 7l35~p!10-20 a
3:30 p| 6:00 p| |10:4Qa| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:0Oa| Sonoma I 9:l6a| 8:40 a.
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol |10:40_|10-20*a
8:30 p| 5:00 p[ | 7:85 p| 6:2Op
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Sprinss and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for. Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at GeyservtUe for Skaggg Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonsville; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
Kelaeyyille. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lako-
port aad Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for" Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln , Heights, Hullvlile, Orr's
Hot Springs, Hal f- Way • House, Comptche
Camp Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City Fort
Bragg, Westport. Uial; at '.WllUts for Sher-
wood, . Cahto, Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cummings.
BeU's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Pepper-
wood, Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. . /
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket o/flce. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building. •
H. C. WHITING. H. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. (Jen. Pass. Act.
Santa Fe
Tpains-daiiy,
Leave Mark»f-9tr>*t ~erry Depot -'
Local Llm'd Ovrl'rt Local
Datly Dally Daily Dally
Lv. San "ran 7:20 a »:00 a JtrOOp 4:tt;
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
¦•¦ Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11^
." Fresno... '2:05 p 2:35 p 3 : IS a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12'p 3:27b S:05a..
•• Visalla.. 3:30 p....... 8:00 a ......
•• Eakersfld 6:15p B:2Op 7:43*
" Kan. City ....... 2:40 a 7:30 a .......
¦ •• Chicago 2:15 pj 9:00 p
a f rr mor&lng. p for afternoon.
. -»:C0 a. -m. train 1* the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chatr Car
runs to Bakersfleld for . accommodation ot
local first-class passengers. J No second-
clans tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.' dally
4 :20 p. . — i. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local: Corresponding train arrives at 12:39
p.-m. dally. ¦
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers an*
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: alsa
Palace Sleeper, which cuts. out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m.
dally. . .•¦-./•¦
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor*'
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices — 041 : Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San . Francisco; - 1112 ;-" Broadway. '
Oakland._ - ¦ ¦ . -SACRAMENTO MAIDS WHO HAVE
BEEN TENDERED PLACES IN
. THE. COURT OF; QUEEN, FAY.
, WASHINGTON, May • 7.-:Coloriel : Henry
Sharpe, assistant commissary general,' has
been relieved from duty ' in this city and
ordered to 'Manila, where he will become
chief commissary of that ; division," - reliev
ing Colonel Charles A. Woodruff.
Sharpe Succeeds Woodruff.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— The; executive
committee of the Republican Congression
aV Committee r^'was "announced to-day as
follows:" Representative Hull, 'of ilowa.
chairman;t Cannon.- of. Illinois: Mercer, of
Nebraska : i Loudenslager.. of New- Jersey ;
Russell, of Connecticut: Levering/ of Mas
sachusetts;-Connell,,r> of t? Pennsylvania ;
Metcalf, of California j'Burleigh.- of Maine.
Republicans Name a Commitee.
.PHOENIX. .-May- 7.'— Governor- N. O.
Murphy to-day commuted. the sentence of
Louis C. -Miller, now serving time In* the
Yuma' Penitentiary," from life t t6 twenty
years' Imprisonment.' In ;the ; spring of
1S97 Miller and a man named Parker broke
jail - in Prescott. -;' Lee . Norrls. a , lawyer,
was in the ? . Courthouse. corridor at the
time and Parker shot and killed ' him as
the two men passed him, they having pre
viously < overpowered? .. the, guard. Both
were at large. for some and when
recaptured" Parker was convicted <¦: and
hanged, * Miller being convicted as an ac
cessory. It is ,. claimed Miller had noth
ing, to do with " the murder. . other than
participating in the jail break. *. :
Miller's Term Is Shortened.
Cutter Bear Damaged.
VANCOUVER. B; ' C. May 7.— The
United States revenue cutter Bear- called
at Unioni B.C.; last: night. She had her
hull damaged, ' running aground at Sey
mour Narrows while on her; way to Be
ring Sea. v She will return to Seattle.
"Antigone" to Be Reproduced
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 7.—
Stanford is to have a third performance
of the Greek tragedy, "Antigone." To
morrow night Sophocles'- great play will
be produced, in the Assembly Hall at
the request of a large i number of resi
dents In the vicinity of the university
The proceeds will be donated to. the
American School at Athens. •'-•
To get one of our clocks— the quaint gol
den ones that every one wants. Also gold
candle sticks, candelabra and jewel cases
make fine wedding presents and prizes for
card parties; ¦ Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. . ?
It's Always Time
¦ NAP A'. ;May 7.— Miss Mae McDermott,
one' of " Napa's fairest young ladles, will
represent "Nar>a as maid of honor at the
Sacramento street fair. .¦ She won against
her opponents by a; handsome vote, re-,
ceiving-more than 22,000 votes in all. Her
nearest ;competltor was Miss Jennie Bush,
who received upward of 11,000 votes.. Mios
Bush was 1000 votes ahead an hour, before
the polls -closed, but Miss McDermott'3
friends rallied to her support, and in the
last -few minutes 11.000 votes * were cast
Miss i McDermott was the qu^en of the
carnlvalgiven last week by the ladies of
Napa, for; which place she was chosen by
popular, vote.:
Fay's Court.
Miss Mae McDermott to Join Queen
NAPA'S MAID OF HONOR.
WASHINGTON, May 7.-AdmiraI Schley
to-day made the following statement re
garding the death of Admiral Sampson:
'•'I' regret very, much the death of Ad
miral Sampson, and I; sympathize with
his family. No one has ever heard me ut
ter one unkind word about him.' On-ac
count of his death I have, requested ; my
friends Baltimore to postpone: the de
livery.to me,, which was intended to have
taken place .• to-night; of the Cristobal
Colon silver service- and they have-ac
cepted my request." • . :
According to. the. present arrangements,
the funeral services over the remains • of
the late Rear Admiral W. T. Sampson
will take place at 10:30 o'clock Friday
morning at the Church of the . Covenant.
The remains then will be taken to Arling
ton for interment," accompanied by a spe
cial military and naval:escort.
HINGHAM, Mass., May 7.— The Hon.
John D. Long, former Secretary of '.the
Navy, was deeply, affected by the news of
the death of Admiral Sampson. He said:
•Admiral Sampson : stood very high in' the
navy, havinE filled many of Its most ¦: respon
sible positions. ¦¦ His career as commander-ln
chief of. the Atlantic squadron during the re-"
cent war was especially creditable. lie was In
charge of all the vessels — a great number; had
charge of the whole blockade; co-operated with
the aVmy in its landing and ' gave ¦ the orders
and made .the preparations which resulted in
the great naval victory off Santiago. He wa=>
very modest and unassuming; had none of the
arts of popularity and knew : only his
duty. I am sure, however, that history' will
do him justice. There is nothing so pathetic
as that such a man, .who deserved only praise"
and gratitude, yet has died of a heart brokea
by abuse and ( misrepresentation. . ¦
John D. Long Renders Tribute and
Schley Expresses Sorrow
for Sampson.
FORMER NAVY SECRETARY
PRAISES LATE ADMIRAL
. TOPEKA.Kans., May 7,— During the
heavy fog this morning at 3:10 o'clock. an
eastbound .extra freight train , on, .the
Union Pacific ran into freight itrain No.
14 at a crossing in. North Topeka, causing
a bad. wreck and killing two men and in
juring seven others. ' The dead are: ,
, ALMIE CANDLESS, , stockman, Nato :
ma/ Kans.' ¦ ;, •
JOHN PARKS,; Manhattan, Kans.
"The injured are: H. W.. Kueker, Milesv
Kans. badly cut; J. E. Fields, Hoxle,
Kans.: John Buzzard, Bellevue; Kans.:
John Hammerlund, St. Mary's, ; Kans. ;
Ed Arnold, Chapman, Kans.. . internally
injured; Joseph .Hurst, Cheyenne, Wyo., ;
internally injured; George Ford, Wamego,
Kans. . * ' -;•
Train No. 14 had stopped at the cross
ing as usual. Just as it was starting the
extra came in sight, running at the rate
of forty miles an, hour. Engineer Zim
merman of. the extra did not see the lights
of- the regular train approaching until it
was within a, few hundred feet. ; The en
gine of the. extra crashed ;into the ca
boose of No. 14, splitting it completely, in
two. All the injured are stockmen going
East with - cattle. The body of the man
who-was' buried 'in the Union - Pacific
wreck was identified this afternoon as
that of John Parks of Manhattan, Kans.
Fast Engine ; Cuts a Caboose in Pieces
' During a Heavy
TWO KrLLEB, SEVEN HURT
• IN A TRAIN DISASTER
Changes in Railroad Officials.
PORTLAND. May 7.— President A. L.
Mohler of the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company to-day issued a circular
making the following appointments: R.
3i. Miller, general freignt agent; Henry
M. Adams of Spokane, assistant general
freight agent, vice W. E. Coman, who ac
oepts service with the Southern Pacific
Company; George J. Mohler,. general
agent at Spokane, vice Adams: J.. W.
Newkirk, assistant treasurer, vice G. E.
Withington, deceased.
SACRAMENTO, . May ¦ 7.— Although
the co-^rt of the May Queen is
composed for the most part of
pretty girls from neighboring
cities, the sovereign is permitted
to select two of her maids of honor from
ampng her Sacramento friends. Availing
herself of this prerogative, the Queen
elect, Miss Fay Jackson, has chosen Miss
Kate Haley and Miss Helen S. Lindsay
of this city to complete her court. The
young women have accepted the honor
and are now having their dresses mane
for the festival week. ' ,
Queen Fay will ride in a carriage, which
will be almost buried in 10.000 pink carna
tions. One thousand yards of silken rib
bons will be used on the equipage. She
will be dressed In white for the floral pa
rade, which will take place on Tuesday
next The maids of honor will be attireu
in white and will ride In tally-hos, which
will be decorated with a. profusion of
choice flowers. - " .
• One of the chief attractions' of the
street fair will be the Elks' country store.
It is to be in a rustic building and will
contain all sorts of things to eat and
use, from a sugar-cured ham to a gang
plow. The articles have been contributed
by: local merchants, and they will be col
lected next Saturday by a procession, of
Elks headed by the "Reuben Band," and
installed in the store . on the Midway,
where- next .week they will be doled out
to purchasers of tickets. .
j The, Order, of Eagles has been granted
the privilege of conducting a courthouse,
jail and constabulary. The Eagles will
arrest prominent citizens, try them before
their court and fine them in a sum riot to
exceed 11 cents, or both fine and imprison
them. \ : . . * ¦ ¦
The Pacific Mail and Oceanic steamship
companies have announced a new pas
senger-rate between here and San Fran
cisco for round-trip tickets. The rate is
$135. an increase of $10 over the old rate.
It Roes into effect on May. 1.
. Ewa and Oahu plantations are making
experiments with oil as fuel in place of
coal and so far the experiments have
proved very satisfa"ctory. : .
Captain A. Rosehill will leave to-day
on the steamer Alameda - for San Fran
cisco to make arrangements for an ex
pedition to .Marcus Island, which was
seized by him in the name of the United
States in 18S9. The island is said to be
valuable in guano deposits. . . ,
A stockholders' meeting of McBryde
plantation was held on the 25th, at which
a bond issue-of two million dollars was
voted. The money is needed for the de
velopment of the plantation, and it is un
derstood that it can be obtained.
The Honolulu Builders' Exchange has
completed its organization, with practi
cally all the white firms that are inter
ested in the building trades as members
Father Wendelln, whom the Board of
Health asked Bishop Gulstan to remove
from the leper settlement, has made a
reply to the charges of the board that he
was a cause of lnharmony at the settle
ment, denying that his course has been
in any. way improper. The board did not
prefer any formal charges against the
father, and Bishop Gulstan has intimated
that he will not remove him unless there
are charges made and sustained.
There has been much talk here about
the matter of sending hula dancers to St.
Louis, and stormy objection to such ' a
proceeding has developed. The Territorial
Government will probably ask as a condi
tion of making an exhibit that such al
leged representation of life in Hawaii be
excluded from the grounds. . ¦
If the World's Fair seeks things repre
sentative of the island Territory it is
welcome to all of them from a volcano's
crater to a chip of coral. But nevermore
the hula. And nevermore also the storm
of criticism from the moral folk whose
eyes were affrighted and whose ears were
amazed by the sight and sound of mat
native product for expositions.
HONOLULU,' April 30.— HaVaii's hula
dance seems doomed so far as its chance
of being a feature at the St. Louis Expo
sition is concerned. Hawaii has set her
dusky foot down and said an emphatic
"No!"
The main innovation of .the new ma
chines consists of a rearrangement of
the driving wheels and firebox, so as to
give a greater area in which water can
l»e heated quickly to the boiling point.
<Jeorge H. Daniels, general passenger
agent of the New York Central, left
Cleveland for this city to-night, and it
is understood that the new train will be
put on as soon as arrangements can be
made for it.
Cutting the schedule for long distance
runs has been made possible by improve
ment in the power and speed of locomo
tives. The new type has not yet been
subjected to purely speed trials, but it
Is said to be as much in advance of the
fastest type of ten years ago aa the
locomotive that used to draw the Em
pire State express was in advance of the
older type when it was built.
It is the boast of the New York Cen
tral that it holds the record for the fast
eBt mile ever made by a passenger-train.
This was when the Empire, in May. 1893,
ran a mile between Batavia and Buftalo
In thirty-two -seconds, or at the rate of
112\$ miles an hour.
When the Empire Sta.te express was
put on it was believed to be the fastest
train ih the world. Afterward It was
lour.d that the Sud express, on the Midi
Kailroad between Paris and Bordeaux,
was faster— at least, according to its
schedule. The Sud express made the
distance, 4S6 miles, at an average rate of
£4.13 miles an hour, while the running
lime of the Empire State express for 440
miles, from New York to Buffalo, is
53.33 miles an hour. It was said at the
Grand Central Station to-day, however,
that the Sud Express was never on time
and that now its speed has been reduced
to fifty miles an hour, while the Empire
has been running ever since its installa
tion, ten years ago, with rarely a loss of
a few minutes from its schedule. ¦
It will mean the shortening of six
hours in the running time to Chicago,
practically bringing the two cities 300
miles nearer in point of time. The
speed will be 54.44 miles an hour. With
out . counting stops the speed will aver
age sixty miles, and by connection with
a fast train of the Big Four Railway at
Cleveland several hours will be saved be
tween New York and St. Louis. The
New York Central, Lake Shore and Big
Kour are all Vanderbilt roads.
NEW YORK, May 7.— America will
have the fastest long-distance train in
the world and the fastest regular train
for any distance when the plans of the
New York Central and Lake Shore man
agement are carried into effect-
Special Dispatch to The Call. . 4
Mrs. S. E. Pearl of Yolo County took up
the question of protecting teachers who
are left entirely in charge of promotions
from unjust criticism from parents.
Superintendent J. H. .Strine of Los An
geles spoke on methods of obtaining a
uniform standard for promotion. He
called attention to the criticisms that were
made against the prevailing plan, but ex
pressed the belief that no system could
be devised that would work better than
the one in vogue.
"The better and higher the standard of
teachers, the less law; will be needed to
obtain the best results," said he.
Superintendent McLane of Fresno, re
ferring to the course of study, said that
it should.be general and never rigid in
its nature. In regard to, the matter of
home study, he agreed with Waterman.
McLane expressed the opinion that a
good ."pruning" of {he law in educational
matters would be of great benefit. Taking
all the laws on the subject, from the
constitution to the city ordinance, there
was such 'an overwhelming mass of re
strictions as to fairly stamp out all pos
sibility of showing one's individuality, in
one's work. . The only place where more
stringent laws would bring about a
change for the better was in the matter
of preparation for teachers.
At the same time during the first four years
no home work should be assigned, but the time
should be used In preparing the mind In such
a manner as to enable it to stand the greater
strain of the higher grades.
It (the law) cannot be changed to fit all in
dividual cases, of which many different kinds
ccme under the observation of the school su
perintendent. The thing: to do is to find the
middle way, not neglecting the law. too much,
nor being too narrow-minded, but to strike that
method which, with due respect to the law, is
yet the best and most productive of good to the
f-ch'iol in general. As far as home work is
concerned that also should be assigned with
reference to each pupil's age, health, ability,
home conditions and plans for the future,
which method would be fair to all and obtain
greatest and best results of each individual
case.
FRESNO,. May 7.^-At ,to;day'g session
of the .city and co'tinty school ""superln^
tendents. Superintendent S,- D. r Waterman
of Berkeley spoke on_ "Home Study, and
the Observances of Section 1665 of the
Political Code," calling attention to . the
danger of taking the law too literally.
Said he:
Hepburn caught hold of the side of the
tug. Miss Lowe grasped his leg and both
were puued on board the tug.' The Marks
girl was picked up f rom • a cushion on
which 'she floated. Arthur Marks .was
fortunate . enough to grab a piece of
wreckage and was picked up by those on
the tug. The other seven members of ;the
party were drowned, and the river is now
being dragged for their bodies. The tug
brought the rescued. to this city.
Hepburn states that he saw the lights
of the approaching tug, and thinking it
was bound straight down the river turned
to the east. When nearly abreast the
launch tlie tug suddenly turned to the
east in order to make the dock at Iron
vine, and before the launch could get out
of the way it was struck by the tug and
turned over and sunk about 100 feet frpm
the dock. •;,¦..
EULALIE RICKA'RD, aged 17.
GRACE HASP1N. ,
The launch' is owned by Joseph Hep
burn of this city, who invited eleven
young people to take an evening ride with
him. They started out on a trip to Lake
Erie early in the evening and were re
turning when the accident happened.
Hepburn,. Miss Clara Marks, Arthur
Marks and Miss Grace Lowe are the only
survivors. *
.TOLEDO.,; Ohlo,,|May r . 7-— Seven young
people.jrnetabersotTijSiiriday school class
of the,- First ; Baptist- , Church, were
drowned in ; the Maumee River,, just below
the city", to-night at' 10 o'clock, as the re
sult of the naphtha launch Frolic, in
which they were taking a ride ',', being run
down by the tug Arthur Woods of the
Great Lakes Towing Company's fleet.
The dead are: .' .
IRWIN SWAIN. '¦ — .
BESSE LEESE.
. EDNA LOWE, aged 19.
WILLIAM FANNER, aged 19.
BESS BYSCRUM.
Eastern Railroad Plans
to Break World's
Records.
People Object to the
Dance at the Ex
position.
Say Pruning of Codes
Would Aid Cause
of Learning; y
Seven Lives Are Lost
in the Maum.ee
River.
EDUCATORS RAIL
AT STATE LAWS
HAWAII'S "HULA"
MAY BE BARRED
TRAINS SPEED
WILL STARTLE
TUG CRASHES
INTO A LAUNCH
Fair asserted that last night he was
served with papers again. Upon demand
ing the fee it. was tendered to him. He
came this morning, he said, to repudiate
innuendos made, yesterday, and /would
be present at any time within two hours
after being notified. He was allowed the
privilege of retiring until actually* needed.
The rest of the day was taken up with
the cross-examination- of Thomas Frost
the owner of one-half interest in the
electrio light company of Sausalito, and
by John Harmes of the firm of Madison
& Burke. To-morrow it is expected Silva
will take the stand in his own behalf.
"If your Honor . pleases," said Meldon,
"no such statement was made. We is
sued that subpena in good faith, and as
a of fact sent Mr. . Fair the 'fee
and mileage, as required by law, to come
here." \ "
Because 6f this statement \ made by
Silva, Fair said, he did not appear in
court. /
Fair's • assertion called forth an angry
denial from Attorney Meldon. - , .
"Oh, that was only a bluff," said Silva,
so Fair asserts. "I don't want. you and
will not require^ you if you will intercede
for a continuance." : .-. .
Later in the forenoon Mr. Fair arrived.
Ascertaining that he would not- be called
upon tp testify until to-morrow or later,
he requested, through Attorney James
Cochrane, that he be allowed to . retire,
asserting that he would come from San
Francisco at any specified time i or upon
two hours' notice. Mr. Fair said that on
Saturday he was subpenaed to be present
on Monday, but that on Sunday night
Silva visited him at his rooms in the Pal
ace Hotel and asked him to see, Harvey
and get the case continued. Fair replied
that' he had nothing to do with the suit,
did not care to be mixed up in it, and,
as he had already been subpenaed.: would
not interfere one. way or another. . ¦-.*¦:.:
SAN RAFAEL, May 7.— The case of Jo
seph Harvey" vs. Adolph Silva, involving
a one-half interest in the Sausalito elec
tric plant, was resumed. in the Superior
Court this morning. When court opened
this morning Attorney 'Meldon, represent
ing Silva, asked why Charles L. Fair and
Herman Oelrichs were not present, claim
ing they had been subpenaed last Satur- ;
day by the defendant and had not deigned
to put in an appearance. The Sheriff was
instructed to bring them into court.,'.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says Defendant Told Him He
Was Subpenaed as
a "Bluffi" . '
Sensation Follows Mil
lionaire's Extrance
Into Court. •
SUVA DEMANDS
FAIR'S PRESENCE
Nqvel;Features of Sacramento Street? Hair Include the Elks'
¦'Country :: Store; Where All Manne'r-of- Merchandise Will
Be'Sold, and Eagles' Courthouse;VJail*"arid Constabulary
TEN THOUSAND CARNATIONS
TO HIDE QUEENS CARRIAGE
HEENAN TICKET
WINS THE DAY
Exciting Election in the
Grand Court of
Foresters.
State Senator Wojfa Has No
Opposition for Chief
Ranger.
STOCKTON,' May 7.-In the election of
grand officers of the Foresters of America
sections of the slate were tfrnaahed to bits J
this afternoon at the Grand Court's ses
sion, though portions of it went through.
Thei/ were three tickets in the field, but
the two known as the Heenan ticket and
the Asher ticket were the only ones seri
ously considered. The Heenanite3 won.
The summary of the election follows:
Grand chief ranger — E. I. "Wolfe of Saa
Francisco, elected without opposition.
Grand secretary — John J. Cordy of San
Francisco, without opposition.
Grand sub-chief ranger — H. A. Gabriel of
San Francisco, by unanimous vote.
• Grand treasurer — Frank Conklin of - Saa
Francisco, by unanimous vote.
Grand recording secretary — J. E. O'Brien of
San Francisco won from Gus Zalser of Los
Angeles, the vote standing 138 to 108.
Grand senior, woodward — J. H. Foley of Los
Angeles defeated E. B. Collins of Chico by a
vote of 137 to 107.
Grand Junior woodward — J. W. McCoy oC
Hayward3 defeated Roy Hall of Fresno by a
vote of 131 to 111. This was a hard blow to
Fresno, which sent an immense special dele
gation to the Grand Court and asked for only
one office. Hall was subsequently placed In
nomination for grand senior beadle but de
clined.
Grand senior beadle — Peter Stoml of Santa
Barbara, elected without a dissenting vote.
Grand junior beadle — Henry Haab, Harry I*.
Simon and Andy Glover were nominated. Two
hundred and thirty-two votes were cast; Simon
received 115 votes or two less than the neces
sarry majority. Haab 107 and Glover 10.
Santa Cruz was selected as the, meeting
place of. the Grand Court in 1903. An ad
journment was then taken to to-morrow
morning, when five grand trustees will b«
elected. There are fourteen candidates.
Before the election a resolution was sub
mitted calling for the purchase by the
executive council of five badges at $120.
$75, $50, $35 and $20 to be awarded as prizes
to the members other than paid organiz
ers who bring in the most members from
June 1, 1902, to May 1, 1903. The resolution
was referred to the committee on the
state of the order.
By resolution the grand treasurer was
given a salary of $10 a month. .
A motion was unanimously passed that a
committee be appointed to draft suitable
resolutions concerning the assassination
of the late President McKinley.
A telegram from Mayor Clark of Santa
Cruz, Inviting the Foresters to hold their
next Grand Lodge there, was received
with cheers.
To-nfght the wives and lady friends of
the visiting delegates, together with the
grand officers, were • entertained and
feasted by the members of Stockton Cir
cle, Companions of the Forest, at its
lodgerooms in Weber Hall. Music was
rendered and strawberries and Icecream
were served. '
The new ritual, written by State Senator
Wolfe, the new grand chief ranger, was
exemplified to-night in the convention hall
by the degree team of Court Palo Alto
of San Francisco. -~ : • .;
Sabbath the Theme of Rabbis.
NEW ORLEANS. May 7.— The central
conference of American Rabbis, in session
here, discussed the Sabbath question at
length to-day- A -paper by the Rev. Jacob
Voorsanger of San Francisco opened the
argument. He covered the reasons which
have caused the Sabbath to be neglected
and urged the rabbis to take common
ground In defining the Sabbath's position
with reference to Judaism. as a basis for
a revival of interest. .
3
THE S AX FR AKCIS^ !902.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
iHAIR NATTJBALI.X ABUNDANT.
When It Is Tree of Dandruff It Grows
/¦':"-':. ; Luxuriantly. \
Hair preparations and dandruff cures,
as'a rule.* are sticky, or Irritating affairs,
that 1 no earth! jr good. Hair when not
diseased grows : naturally , luxuriantly.
Dandruff, is the v cause of nine-tenths of all
hair* trouble, and dandruff is caused by a
germ.-.The"only;way, ! to cure dandruff is to
kill the 1 germ ; and so; far the ; only ( hair
preparation \ that } will .positively . destroy
the germ is Newbro's Herpicide— absolute-
1/ ; harmless^* f fee " from . : grease.- sediment,"
dye matter." or dangerous - drugs, .t, It . al-
lays": itching Instantly ; makes hair glossy
and soft' as silk/.- "Destroy the cause; you
remove the effect"— dandruff.' ¦'. • ¦¦-':
SBEBBBBBBBBBBIIBBBBBBBBBBBBIBBIHBBaBaHBBHHBBJB
I ..RUPTURE. ]
1 _ ... x - a
1 We nave Cnred EVERY Case we have e?er undertaken. m
\ - WE CAN CURE YOU. S
I '-' Call and get names, then go and ask the patients. §
I NO PAY UNTIL CURED. |
i FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE, I
I 26i KEARNY STREET. g
j . GEO. D. COE, M. D. ; m
isBDBBSCBBBBEBBBBBBBBBBQEBBBBBBBBaEBSBBBBBBBB
• : ADVERTISEMENTS.: '• ¦ ¦'¦¦¦ ''^'
A cts ¦ PJ-e-ksaiNt'lyr ,
;^mm?J Acts B&rveficiaJIy;
'K'i^V :^/^A "'•"/ ' "-^k' : v / Syrup of Figs appeals to the cultured and the
X \/ &'•'£' ''&'' " ' • 'l^fifr '< ff well-informed and to the healthy, because its com-
AArC\'}^--''*J^ ' " lliw^- / ponent parts are simple and wholesome and be-.
ry /£^V* }gM - ... . "^>w*llifv/ cause it acts without disturbing the natural func-
y'^Y^^^^^^^^^^K^'-^^^.K tions, as it is wholly free from every objectionable
;/ ,£¦'• '<*f*5j^J \^^^£2^%te->> quaiity or substance. In the process of.
/ /* "^^^^iS#^^%^w^ manufacturing figs are used, as they are
/¦ - %5 r" -U^^^^^^^ pleasant to the taste, but the medicinal
/.:" *-** /&' :^&& virtues of Syrup of Figs are obtained .
*ii£||jk --'-^^^^^^^liiS^S .*'^^' from an excellent- combination 'of plants
V^?p^^^^^^!^^fet^R > WW& '- ' known i0 be medicinally laxative and to .
%^^^|^^^^^^^C%*j^5 f // }T£g$ To get its beneficial effects — buy , the
W^^^9^^^S^S" """" W\ genuine— manufactured by the
*^¥0^$0r Louisville-. Ky. rtew York^N.Y.
f¥*30&<_ For *tJc by zA\ dru^i'ats. Pr\ce>~J\{ty~ ce.r\ts> per- bottlo.
\ . ¦"¦¦•¦¦... : '•-¦¦
H 11111 ifP^I^flfiSI*feM customer if dissatisfied; a I
iomers made to order satis-
SS^^i^^^^^S^l^^l taciorit y iht> ough our self-
n^^asuring system— write for
a 718 Market Street an d Corner Powell and Edd j Streets.Madera, Tulare and
Hanfo'rd Are All
¦ to Be Inspected
AVELL-KNOWN MEN WHO WILL PLAY A PROMINENT PART IV TOP
The , Times Is always pleased to note , and
assist ; any, of : these efforts., to bring the happy
family of ,. Southern California counties Into
closer, and* more harmonious relations, and
hence "takes pleasure in calling attention to
from Bakersfield, Porterville and other
communities enumerated in ; the - itinerary
of their trip Los Angeles has also-taken
a marked Interest in Bakersfield. The
Los Angeles Times editorially says:
*-Ji?,5 e ? pe i Cl ? 1 !!2i n for the S^ Francisco
excursionists will consist of five Pullman
sleepers and one buffet car. On the re
£r/™?' wil1 run through to San
Francisco. The committee of arrange
ments has seemingly provided everything
th» sT^t 00 ?' 0 !? , o£ the Party- Yesterday
the Santa Fe ticket men were busy mak
ing reservations for the. holders of tick
ets. Badges have been received by the
committee of arrangements and each ex
cursionist will wear one. They are of
white satin and have on them the inscrip
tion In copper bronze letters. "San Fran-
? sco « E, usin e*s Men's Excursion to Ba
kersfleld. and the San Joaquin Valley.
May g to 10. 1902."
The official head of .the party, if It has
*me, wlh be Andrea Sbarboro by reason of
his position as chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements. .
j the fact that the Chamber of Commerce has
arranged for a special tralnload of Los An-
Keles people tojje run on i Wednesday next to
; Bakersfleld. where a carnival will be' in pro
gress. Until recently we have not been In the
habit of including our big northern : neighbor
in the family of Southern California counties.
| but It belongs strictly there, not only from the
; standpoint of geographical location, but also
because -its leading . Industries— petroleum, al
: falfa and fruit— are similar to our*, and par
ticularly because.. as In our case, lta prosper
ity .. depends largely upon irrigation. Bakers-
Held has made a wonderful growth durins the
past couple. of years, since oil was developed
-near there. Its business men are wideawake
and are fally appreciative of the desirability
Of if.M° D f J. n J° touch w "h Los Angeles. By
a little Judicious effort our merchants should
%J? >* Ca ? tUrC ? la «*r Proportion of their
trade. Therefore, from financial as well as
from less material reason*, it would be proper
and fitting for our Los Angeles people toTpat
ronlze the excursion. ¦ y
The views expressed In ' the extract"
given from the Visalia Times coincide
exactly with those expressed by members
of the party who are going to make the
trip through the valley. The party em
braces a large representation of the Cali
fornia promotion committee of San Fran
cisco, which has selected for its wort the
endeavor to till up the interior with a de
sirable population as far as possible The
excursionists also represent a very larjre
share of the money that has been pledged
to help the promotion committee to carr"
out its work. Therefore the* party is ail
In favor of helping the San Joaquin Val
ley and all other sections of the: State to
secure the largest . possible "measure *>f
growth and prosperity. While the San
Francisco business men have been ar
ranging to ; put away ; work for a brief
season to" accept the cordial invitations
FAVOR THE INTERIOR.
We have. been led to believe that 'the awak
ening in San Francisco is genuine and that the
business men are In earnest in their desire to
help us populate this valley. We Invite them
to come down here in May so that they may
be supplied with facts at flrst hand and thus
be equipped. - — -.,. . . us _
There is no doubt but that the great draw
ing card of Southern California has been Us
orange groves. It would surprise; the. 1 mer
chants, real estate owners and capitalists of
San Francisco to be told that in Tulare County
we have enough orange land planted, and that
is suitable /for planting, to produce more -or
anges than ' all Southern California will ship
this year. It is no exaggeration to say that
we have In the foothill portion of Tulare
County 25,000 acres of land that will produce
as fine ' oranges as the world ever eaw. When
it is all Cultivated and In bearing 25 000 car
loads of oranges ¦ will have to find a market
annually.- Over 5000 acres will be In' full bear
ing within the next four years. - The °0 OOO
acres unplanted is for sale. . -^.wv
that .they can safely count on a big return
for every dollar they may invest in advertising
Tulare County. It will be possible t» get
morey subscribed to " carry on the work • of
attracting the attention • of homeseekers for
a limited time,, out : of a spirit, of public
enterprise, but if it is to be continuous
the men who put up the money must be made
to know that they are engaged in a legiti
mate undertaking where the chances for suc
cess are great. In public meetings that may
be held In San Francisco In the future to dis
cuss the development of the Interior it will
be much better if the capitalists of that city
can act ' from - personal knowledge of the re
sources of the interior, rather than, be com
pelled to rely, upon what some one may tell
them about it. ¦ . . •
We. want to convince the men who are put
tins up the money to help populate this valley
The San Joaquin Valley papers have
paid considerable attention to the comlne
of the large San Francisco parts' Ba
kersfield has set apart Friday as the San
Francisco day. Ben M. Maddox writing
1? ' h e Visalia Times, calls attention to
the fact that the journey will be made at
the time when "the orange proves will be
in bloom and the fruit in the deciduous
orchards will be large enough to convince
the visitors that no locality surpasses that
part of California in the production of
peaches, prunes, apricots and other stone
fruit*. What benefit the- valley may de
rive from the inspection of Intelligent ob
servers from San Francisco is told by
the Times as follows:
VALLEY IS PLEASED.
The excursionists will number, accord
ing to the enrollment up to noon yester
day, 103, but that number may be in
creased some to-day. The exact list can
not be very well made up, as the business
houses of the city have, generally speak
ing, been the subscribers for tickets on
the special train. The representation by
mercantile 1 houses and by firms, so far as
it can be definitely set forth, will be as
follows:
HOUSES REPRESENTED.
*Tf. H. Fairbank & Co. (2): Sussman. Worm
ser & Co*. ;. Sherwood &- Sherwood; Dunham,
Carrigan & H&yden; Holbrook, Merrill & Stet
son; Leege & Hasklns, Anglo-American Crock
ery Company. A. Schilling & Co., M. J. Bran
denstein; George H. Ismon, American : Steel
Wire Company; Tillmann ¦ & Bendel (3), B.
Bradley, J. A. Folger-& Co., Castle Brothers,
Guggenheim & Co., Jonas-Krlanger-Davis
Company. Getz Brothers & Co., McNab.fi
Smith. Dairymen's Union, South San Fran
cisco P. and P. Co., Sperry Flour Company,
E. B< Holden. M. Koshland, Crown Distilleries,
Jesse Moore-Hunt Co., Hills Brothers. Rufus P.
Jennings, W. W. Montague, Stockton Milling
Company, Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company,
California Fruit Canners' Association, Charles
F. Thierbach. Hoffman & Rothchild, E. G. Den
nlston, American Bicycle Company, Bay City
Engineering and Supply Company. Royal Heat-
Ing Company; Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman;
Kaufman Davidson, Wagner Leather Com
pany, S. H. Frank & Co., Rinaldo Brothers
Parcells Greenwood. Levlnson & Co. : Wheaton,
Pond & Harrold; Haas Brothers, Roth-Blum
Company. Hllbert Brothers; L. Elkus Company
R. II. Herron & Co., Mack & Co. Electric
Railroad Supply Company. California Art
Glass Company, .Goodyear Rubber Company
J. A. Fllcher. Bradstreet's Commercial Agency
American Biscuit Company. Parafflne Paint
Company, Murphy-Grant Company; Greene
baum. Well & Michaels; Neustadter Brothers
Bauer Brothers. E. E. Drake. Ed Ackerman;
Henshaw. Buckley & Co.; M. Heller: Nolan
Hewee, George & Earl; Sydney H. Clark- Stein
Simon & Co.; George Coffrey. Carlson-Currier
Company (2). H. B Wight. C. C. McMahon.
Sachs Brothers & Co.. Union I,ithccraphine
and Label Company. W. O. Schultz. John M
Pettigrew. Thomas Day Company R L. Top
lltz. John Horstmann, CoRhlll & Kohn. Ettlin
rer & Co.. H. Hart. Cahn & Nickel *berg. A.
Sbarboro. Clarence Foil!*. William O'Connor
H. C. Pendletdn. Captain II.. M Stevenson
Max LUliemhal. Leo E. Alexander, Michael s'
Alexander: ShalnweJd, Buckbee &'Co ¦ Fulton
Engineering and Shipbuilding Works P c.
Rossi. Albert Meyer. Charles Bundschti. James
Demnan and Soott & Van Arsdale. JBmes
From Fresno the excursionists will go to
Madera and stop half an hour and, then
will come directly home without , stop,
with the expectation of reaching this, city
at 12:15 Sunday morning. The "ferryboat
will be held back if the train arrives late
at the Oakland mole.
The longest stop in the valley, outside
of Bakersfield. will be made at Fresno,
where the party will arrive at 12:45,p. m.,
remaining until 4 p. m. The enterprising
Chamber of Commerce of Fresno has ar
ranged to send a delegation to meet the
visitors at Porterville and conduct them
to Fresno. This delegation willbe headed
by W. N. Harris, a member of the execu
tive committee of the Fresno Chamber
of Commerce, and several members. The
invitation to visit Fresno was received
through the secretary of the Chamber of
Commerce^ W. B. Dennett. . Quite an ex
tensive effort will be made to acquaint
the party with the beauties of Fresno.
After luncheon the visitors will be taken
for a drive through "the colonies," visit
ing the most beautiful orchards and vine
yards in that section. The programme as
made up at Fresno for entertaining the
guests includes viewing the St. George's
vineyard, the Barton estate, -Roeding's
orchard of Calmyrna figs, the handsome
residences of Fresno, including also a
glimpse of Kearny avenue, which . has
upon it eleven miles of palms, evergreens
and oleanders. President John A. Neu of
the Chamber of Commerce will have
charge of entertaining and will be assisi
ed by Mayor L. O. Stevens. ¦ "'
The Tulare Board of Trade has charge of
the reception and through its president has
appointed the following-named gentlemen a
committee to receive -and welcome the visit
ing business men: Captain Thomas H. Thomp
son (chairman). P. J. . S. Montgomery, J. W.
Davis, A. J. Pillsbury, I?. J. F. Reed. J. A.
Bishop. H. M. Shreve. C. R. Scott. C. L. Rus
sell, M. C. Zumwalt, F. Rosenthal.- R. T. Mc-
Millan, J. Wolfram, J. O. Lovejoy. E. Lathrop,
R. Linder. T. R. Jones, J. L. Farrar J R
Hitchcock. John Tuohy. E. Oakford, Dr. J B
Rosson, T. C. Carruthers, ¦ W. F. Ingwerson, 1
W, E. Green, C. J._ Walker and J. H. Morton.
From Tularethe run will be to Hanford,"
where the vlstors are due at 11 a. m.
Here the party will be received by the
Hanford business men, headed by Mavor
Harry D. Widmer and D. R. Cameron
president of the Kings County Chamber
of Commerce and chairman of the execu
tive committee of the Grand Army en
campment, which is being held in Han
ford this week.
Although the excursion train bearing the
party of San Francisco business men, which
is to arrive in this city Saturday, will not re
main a sufficient length of time to permit of
the visitors being shown over the adjacent or
chards and vineyards, yet the party will be
accorded an official reception and the most
will be made of the limited opportunity to im
part a knowledge of our resources.
At 10 o'clock the train will be due at
Tulare. The correspondent of The Call
at Tulare telegraphs as follows:
AN OFFICIAL EECEPTION.
¦¦-.... .-. . -
the assistance of the good people of
Visalia. '
Porterville Holds Out
Its Beautiful Orange
Blossom Garland
The arrival at Visalia, the next point
beyond Porterville to-be visited, is sched
uled for 9 a. m. It will be possible to re
main there only half an hour. That time
jrlll be fully devoted 'to sight-seeing -with
It is not to be supposed that the visitors
will spend all the day to-morrow looking
at oil wells and estimating the wealth of
the country. The Bakersfield people, ac
cording to all accounts, have been making
up a carnival that will long perpetuate
Its own fame, and much attention will be
paid to that attratrtion and to the claims
of the queen- of the carnival and to the
Joys that Bakers field holds out In festive
mood to the wayfarer. But the entire
day will be passed in eight-seeing, and
there will be enough to observe that will
be of lasting benefit to all concerned.
When the special train reaches Bakerp
field its run over the Santa. Fe lines will
end. The remainder of the journey will
be on the Southern Pacific tracks.
All day Saturday the tourists will travel
and see the country and study its pro-'
ducts and advantages and natural beau
ties. The run up through the San Joaquin
Valley under the accompanying circum
stances will be something to be remem
bered. The communities on the wav have
spared no effort to make certain that th«
visitors shall Bee all there is and en
ioy themselves fully. Bakersfield will be
bidden good-by at some time early Satur
day morning. The starting of the special
train of Pullmans. is scheduled to take
place from Bakersfield at 3:30 a. m. Sat
urday. Thence the journey will be lirst
to Porterville. The view of the valley
north from Bakersfield will really bcein
at Porterville. which will be reached at
7 a. m.. where the party will breakfast.
Arrangements have been made at Porter
ville for taking the visitors through the
famous Porterville orange orchards in
carriages. The stop at Porterville will be
tor only one hour. ¦
SEEING THE SIGHTS.
Several meetings of .the solid men of
San Francisco were held. J. D. Grant
was made the chairman of th«5 general
committee and presided at each of the
meetings. Visiting the San Joaquin Val
ley was taken up in -an enthusiastic way.
"When the proposed- journey to the oil
metropolis began to be discussed other
communities in the valley asked that they
might be favored with a visit. When the
proceedings had advanced sufficiently to
determine that the San Francisco business
men desired to go Into the valley the en
tire arrangements were turned over to
two committees, who have since done
good work in making up the party, pro
viding the funds needed and devising a
eatfcfactory itinerary. The committee on
arrangements, headed by Andrea Sbar
boro, has already been named. The com
mittee of soliciting consisted - of Walter
M. Castle. J. P. Currier, M. Koshland, F.
H. Wheelan. Leo Michaels and J. A. Fil
cber. • ¦
Bakersfield is the battleground for
trade between the north and the
south. When the tariff of the rail
ways crossing the Tehachapl moun
tains was rearranged, . some time ago,
the territory which had been held
by reason of the bounding: lofty Teha
chapi range to be in the San Francisco
trade field for all time was thrown upon
to the even competition of the City of
the Angejs, that competition being ex
tended even farther north by the railway
tariff rates. San Francisco has been slow
to relinquish Its claim upon the firm
friendship of the upper San Joaquin Val
ley. On the other hand: Bakersfield, cor
dially acknowledging the interest It has
in San Francisco, when the carnival In
Its streets was only projected, and before
its first sray banner flared upon the air,
sent a delegation of its solid citizens to
this city to Invite the commercial bodies
to unite in using their influence to brng
about a San Francisco day in the carni
val. The Bakersfield committee met a
ready response. The Chamber of. Com
merce of San Francisco, the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association of Cali
fornia, the State Board of Trade, the
Board of Trade of 'San Francisco, the
Merchants' Association and the San-Fran
cisco Merchants' Exchange successfully
took action favorable to the request made
and elected delegates to attend a conven
tion for the purpose In view.
ATTRACTION IS MUTUAL.
The journey through the valley will be
a -royal one. From San Francisco,' staxt
lng at 9:20 this eVening by way of the
Santa Fe. the run to Baxersneld will be
uninterrupted. Bakersfield will be reached
at 7 a. m. to-morrow. The party- will be
received by the officers of the carnival
now in progress in Bakersfield, to 'whom
the idea of a San Francisco day at the
carnival is -due. These officers are Presi
dent Fred Guhther, Vice President T. J.
Packard, Treasurer J. M. Jameson. Secre
tary F. W. Smith and General Manager
Buckley. All Bakersfield. with its accus*
tomed hospitality and enterprise, will un
doubtedly welcome the visitors. The itin
erary-calls for a full day atBakersfleld.
Every commercial organization in this
city and the manufacturers likewise find
representation in the excursion party.
Among the names on the list for the tour
ar« these of the presidents of the Man
.- ufacturers' and Producers' Association of
California and the Merchants' Associa
tion, the last named being the largest as
sociation of merchants west of the Mis
sissippi River. The State Board of
Health sends its executive officer. The
committee on arrangements, consisting of
Andrea Sbarboro, Rufus P. Jennings and
Walter M. Castle, and nearly every mem
ber of the general committee that was
representative of all the. commercial; In
terests of San Francisco, will be on" the
special train for Bakersfield and the other
points mentioned.
The interior has met San Francisco
fully half way on this occasion and the
eigns are excellent for the promotion of
good feeling in a high degree. .
"San Francisco's greetings and best
wishes"' is on one. "Hurrah for united
California" is the motto on another. "We
want to know you better" enthusiastic
ally reads a third.
GIVE GLAD GREETING.
This evening a party of business men.
representative of all lines and of a ma
jority of the great business houses of this
city, will start on a pilgrimage that will
last the remainder of the week, in which
time Bakersfield, Porterville, Visalia, Tu
lare. Hanford, Fresno and Madera will be
visited. A special train of Pullman cars
has been chartered and decorated to do
honor to the people of the interior, bear
ing to them the San Francisco excursion
ists in response to invitations extended
through representative bodies of the in
terior. On the sides of the cars will float
banners, gaily painted.
building up of the country.
,^rj AX FRAXCISCO is. about to
express to the thriving com-
munities of the great San Joa-
quin Valley the keen interest
* it feels, in their prosperity; re
*%| t J joicing that they have grown
so great and 'hoping that the
evident of the valley
— tc become the home of a vast, perma
nent and prosperous population— may be
hastened to realization by the efforts of
the business community of the city that
Bits by the Golden Gate. Evidence of this
city's sincerity In regard to the desire it
has that the entire State may be pros
perous in a high degree has recently been
afforded by the establishment of a com
mittee of promotion, which has already
eecured subscriptions amounting to $30,-
W9 per annum, to be expended by an ener
getic committee representative of the
commerce, manufactures and other inter
ests of San Francisco, exclusively for the
Fresno Plans That
Its Many Attractions
May All Be Seen
With Bannered Pullmans a Larg£ Party, Representative of City's
-Commercial and Financial Interests, Prepares to Accept the
Proffered Hospitality of Bakersfield and Its Sister Communi
;" ties of the i Great Fertile Valley Between Mountain and Sea
BUSINESS SAN FRANCISCO GOES FORTH
TO GREET THE OPULENT SAN JOAQIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THUI^DAY, MAY 8j' 19Ot3.
Visalia Opens Its
Gates in' Welcome
to the' City Guests
/HST\:HE much talked* of visit- of the business men of San Fran-
M • cisco to Bakersfield,, Porterville, Visalia, Tulare, Hanford,-
Fresno and Madera will begin to-night. More than 1 00
representatives of the largest business houses of San Fran
ciscowill'take passage, on the special train of Pullmans which will,
carry them on their journey through the San Joaquin Valley. The
itinerary has been arranged to give the visitors the greatest ; time
available for viewing the. beauties and considering the . advantages
of the hospitable communities that have left the latchstring out
side^ No such party of equdlsise has made a similar tour in Cali
fornia. The significance of it is found largely in the. movement mak
ing in this city to promote the interests of the interior, and the ex
xursion is a logical outcome of the public spirited .movement men
tioned.. A pleasing programme has been arranged for the enter
tainment of. the guests from this city, who will see much of the coun
try and have its resources explained and clearly pointed out by the
residents of the lovely and fruitful sections that will be called to
4The peace negotiations in South .Africa , must be
wholly in the. hands of : the British, for surely 1 if the
nimble, Boers' had anything to do : with them they
would move faster. "' ¦'.:.'• \-; ;"-'V '¦¦-
Western Democrats take a look at the booms for
Olney and Hill and then remark that if they cannot
have Bryan again Tom Johnson or Carter Harrison
will be good enough for them.-:
In a recent address at Harvard Dr. Rainsford of
New York advised the students to join the church
and go in for politics, so we may put him down as
an ultra advocate of the strenuous life. » ;
An Eastern poet, has already begun to sing of a
desire to "Dream, in summer blossoms lost; to
sleep, and not wake up till frost"; and it looks as
if he wished to skip the, hot spells and the shirt waist
men. v .^ ¦ •- ' ' . v - '
, Bourke 'Cockran, who has just returned from a
visit to Rome, says the Pope will outlive a good
many of the candidates who are now aspiring to
succeed him, and the prediction seems to be a safe
one. -..-¦..¦•.• . ,¦ .' '. ¦ \
-!,A Chicago Judge is reported to have declared from
the bench that if a husband beats his wife she should
shoot him on the spot, and we may now expect to
hear of wholesale slaughtering in that city.
. Eastern papers are already noting the appearance
here and there of the shirt waist man, and it looks as
if the fight for comfort during the hot season will be
waged this summer, by larger numbers. than ever.
DISPATCHES from Montgomery announce
that the first step has been taken in that city
in a movement to bring the suffrage laws of
Alabama before the courts, in order that the consti
tionality of the restrictions adopted by the ; recent
convention may be tested. A negro man of educa
tion_ and an owner of property has made an affidavit
before a notary, alleging that he has been denied the
right to register, although he is justly entitled to do
so. The dispatches do not state upon what ground
the denial of the privilege of registering was based,
but it is stated that the case will bring the whole suf
frage clause of the constitution before the court
and make a fair test of its validity. It is the inten
tion of the attorneys for the complainant to carry the
issue to the Supreme Court, of the United States as
soon as possible should they be defeated in the lower
courts.
The proposed action is much better than would
be any investigation of the Southern suffrage laws
by Congress. The people of the North desire that
justice be done in the South, and that the negroes be
upheld in the exercise of every constitutional right,
but at the same time there is profound objection to
reviving anything in the way of a sectional issue.
Whatever Congress should do in the matter would
surely be regarded as an affair of politics. It would be
discussed from partisan standpoints, and* undoubtedly
each side would try to make party capital out of it.
The evils resulting from such discussions would be
great, and it is doubtful if the benefits would be "suffi
cient to offset them. \
No such objections can be made.to an appeal to
the courts. From first to last the hearings before
the tribunals will be free from the appearance of par-
SOUTHERN SUFFRAGE LAWS.
It will be remembered that last summer a Chicago
man had his stomach removed and went home happy
in the consciousness that everybody was reading
about him and the hope that he would never have
indigestion again. Now comes a report that he has
returned to the, hospital with the intention of having
his liver removed. Evidently his desire for free ad
vertising is insatiable.
WHEN the San Francisco business men make
their tour through the San Joaquin they
will find the whole region stirring with the
life of a new spring, metaphorical as well as literal.
T.he growing grain and the budding orchards will not
show more evidence of vitality than the universal
demonstration of activity among the people. The
movement for the promotion of Northern California
is going forward in every locaiity with abundant
vigor and gives promise of producing great results in
every instance.
One of the notable evidences of the earnestness of
the people in promoting the movement is the readi
ness with which they are organizing to help the Pro
motion Committee and present the claims of their
own districts. Recently we had occasion to direct
attention to what has been done in that way by the
Board of Trade of Reedley, and it is now to be noted
that the example thus set is to be followed in other
localities. •
Speaking for Selma and urging the organization of
"a wide-awake Chamber of Commerce," the Fresno
County Enterprise says: "Every town in San Joaquin
Valley of any commercial importance, save our own,
supports an organization of this kind. Indeed it is
embarrassing to even suggest Selma's dereliction of
duty in this matter. The San Joaquin Valley Com
mercial Association has been laboring for months
and meeting here and there throughout the valley ad
vertising and advancing the interests of Central Cali
fornia at every session, but to this organization, and
likewise to the outside world who read its tracts and
its proceedings, Selma is unknown. Why? Because
we are without a commercial organization whose of
fice it is to make us known."
Straightforward statements of, that kind show the
spirit that is in the enterprising men of the San Joa
quin towns. The effect is certain to be excellent.
As a result of that plain speech the very next issue of
the Enterprise may have to record the beginning of
a movement to establish a Chamber of Commerce at
Selma. Organization of some kind is bound to come.
No San Joaquin community can lag in this move
ment. .¦>;;.:
So in the large towns and in the small ones there
is everywhere evident an intention to get together
and work for the general good by working for their
own good. The Promotion Committee can do noth
ing for a community that will not make an. effort at
least to help itself. The live, enterprising men of
every community must combine, organize and work
together to make known the resources of their lo
cality and set forth its inducements for investors and
home-seekers. Nothing can be gained in any town
by delaying such organizations. The time for action
is at hand, and those who do not take part in it will
lose by their negligence.
THE PROMOTION MOVEMENT.
DESPITE Bryan's vociferous objections the
work of reorganizing . the Democratic party
in the Eastern States goes briskly on.. In
fact, in the whole region east of the Mississippi and
north of the Ohio very little attention is paid to the
former leader or to his platform. It appears, there
fore, that if Bryan has any following at all in the
next national convention it will be a strictly sectional
one. It may, under the operation of the two-thirds
rule, prevent the nomination of a straight-out gold
standard 'man, but it certainly will not be able to
nominate Bryan himself nor any of the old Chicago
platform crowd.
The special animosity which has been displayed by
Bryan against Hill seems to preclude the possibility
that Hill will get the nomination or that he will be
able to procure the honor for any of his New* York
supporters. At the same time the Southern sup
port for Gorman has weakened, and thus there is no
prominent champion in sight to lead the reorganiz
ers to the victory which now seems certain to perch
upon their banners when the fight in the convention
takes place. This condition of affairs has given other
States a chance to put forward their favorites, and
while the West talks of Tom Johnson and Carter
Harrison there is talk in Pennsylvania of Pattison
and in Massachusetts of Olney.
Recently one of the strongest Bryan men in Penn
sylvania broke away from -his former leader and advo
cated the close alliance with the repudiators of the
Chicago platform. Bryan has repeatedly urged, his
followers to have nothing to do with the reorgan
izers, to vote for no man who objected to the plat
form and the ticket of 1896 and 1900, but the Pennsyl
vanian says: "We want them all back. We* want the
many honored Democrats who stood nobly with us
through the battles of the last forty years in Pennsyl
vania — the Hancocks, the Baers, the Farquhars, the
Myers, the Hansels, the Harritys, the Pattisons, the
Cadwaladers— with U3, where they truly belong.
Upon every other question but that of silver we are
as one. Unhappily, because adversely settled, there
is no more silver question."
The statement "there is no more silver question"
has become a sort of cuckoo cry with the reorgan
izers. It serves them at once as argumentjor Demo
cratic harmony and as a plea why the party should re
ceive the support of conservative men. It is of course
well understood that if there be no more silver ques
tion there is no more Bryan leadership, and virtually
no more Chicago platform.
In Pennsylvania the reorganizers do not seem to
have progressed further than a "negative platform.
They repudiate free silver, but they offer no living
issue to take the place of the dead. ' It is different" in
Massachusetts. The reorganizers of that State de
clare, Richard Olney to be the natural leader of . the
party and they present him to the country on the dis
tinct and positive platform of tariff revision in the
direction of free trade.
One of Mr. Olney's supporters; at Washington re
cently discussing the political .outlook for the fall
elections said: "An organization can be effected for
the coming Congressional campaign if some of the
leaders who have not been heard from will come to
the rescue of the party. Mr. Olney is naturally and
logically the leader in a movement which will bring
together the men whose principles are to be re
adbpted, and those who left them once but who want
to come back to them. Mr. Olney's attitude in the
campaign of 1900 made him the most popular Demo
cratic leader in the East. There is no silver Demo
crat in that section of the country, or in any other,
section, who compare? with him in general popular
ity. He is in a sense, by reason of the letter which he
wrote against Mr. McKinley in the campaign of 1900,
the connecting link. between the gold Democrats and
those who went off after. Mr. Bryan."
The situation is undoubtedly promising for cither
Pattison or Olney. If they can only keep thfe Bryan
ites raging against Hill and his New York following
so as to shut those men out of any chance of winning,
the next leader of the hosts of' Democracy in a
Presidential fight may be either from Pennsylvania or
from Massachusetts.';^ >' \
DEMOCRATIC REORGANIZATION.
THURSDAY ; MAY 8, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
ktlxttt All CcmmccicatioES to W. S. LEASE, Hunger.
ri'BLICATIOX OFKICE...BIn.r_et and Third. S. V.
CQITOOLU, ROO3IS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
_i_~for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With t_c Department You Wish. *
Delivered l»jr C«rrler«, 15 Cents Per Weelc.
Sfngrle Cople*. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postages
PArLY CALl> (including Sunday), one year $6.00
XJAILT CALX, (including Sunday), « months 8.00
r>AILY CALL, (including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. 63c
6UNDAY CALL. One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
AH nostmsstcr* nre nntbnrlicd to receive
¦nbucrljitions.
°£unple copies frill be forwarded when requested.
Malt rcbfcribera In ordering chang* of address should be
particular to *lve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OiKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
_ C. GEORGES KROGXESS.
ITcttger Foreign Advertising, Mirqcette Building, Chicago.
CLcng Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAKLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEX II. SBIITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennan Hruee; P. O. News Co.; Greet Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOV (D. C.) OFFICE 1400 G St., N. W.
MORTON 13. CKAM2. Correspondent.
BRAXCII OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. SO0 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock.. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOB. THE SUMMER
Call Kabncriber* contemplating *» chancre of
residence daring tbe summer months can bare
ihetr paper forivarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper vrlll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented tiy u local agent In
nil townn on the coast.
A recent flood in Tennessee is said to have washed
away a wide strip of country and revealed the bury
ing gVound of a people who are supposed to have
preceded the Indians, The graves consist of vaults
formed of thin. slabs of limestone evidently brought
from some distance.' They are very narrow, and it is
believed- the bodies must have been deposited in them
sideways, but as the floods washed off every vestige
of the contents of the tombs nothing definite can be
said on the subject. The ground is to be explored
for further tombs, and science expects to make a
great discovery of new facts concerning the mound-'
builders, who are supposed to have constructed the
vaults.
i SPECIAL session of Congress, is something
l\ . more than probable. The regular business of
•L Vthe session that concerns the administration of
the government is well advanced and would enable
an adjournment by the middle of June. But the gen
eral legislation, and especially that part of it im
pinged upon the vexing externalities we have inher
ited from the Spanish war, is not advanced, nor can
it be said that there is any substantial agreement as
to its scope and terms.
The determined front shown by the beet sugar men
against Cuban free trade has put a long parliamentary
pause into the consideration of that, question, so that
it is doubtful if it will reach a conclusion at this ses
sion. As far as it has gone it has exposed the extreme
danger of tampering with the tariff. If free trade prove
to have a majority in the Senate it may be that the
whole subject will be permitted to die in Congress
and t lat when the new Cuban government* is installed
a treaty covering air demands will be made with it, to
be ratified by the Senate, and the House will be left
out of the matter entirely. Such'a policy will narrow
that issue down and take it out of focus as a general
Congressional question.
Then the Philippine legislation will remain. That
is arrested by the revelations that have been made to
the Senate committee. Representative Sibley and
Senator Lodge have both denounced the Herod or
der of General Smith, and have reflected generally
upon our military course/ in the islands. Mr.
Cooper of Wisconsin, chairman of the House Com
mittee on Insular Affairs, goes further than either
and intimates that if we can get and keep the. archi
pelago only by such means we don't want it at all.
All recognize legislation under the circumstances
as premature, and have fallen into a waiting spirit.
This is strengthened by the evident purpose of the
War Department to sustain Smith. As that depart
ment deals with matters that are beyond civilian
reach, and with necessities and emergencies un
known in the civil administration of the Government,
it has always been tolerated in its exclusive treatment
of them. It was this tolerance that sustained Stanton
during the Civil War, even in such extraordinary ac
tions as ordering all of Mr. Lincoln's mail sent to
him to be opened before it was seen by the Presi
dent.
Passing that by, it is beginning to be felt by all that
insular administration is going to develop matters that
Congress cannot deal with either in regular or special
session. Not only trade and tariffs, franchises and
development have to be dealt with, and instantly,
with executive energy, but the more serious questions
inhering in the disposition of the people and their
feeling toward American rule. This cannot be han
dled with a spelling-book and the four ground rules
of arithmetic, nor with the catechism from a mis
sionary standpoint, nor by Congress, torn by con
flicting sentiments, political ambitions and views of
policy.
It is a plain impossibility for Congress to have the
personal knowledge of the islands that it has of our
continental territories. These have delegates sitting
in the House who are Americans like the rest of us.
If the islands have delegates they will not be Ameri
cans. They will be Filipinos or Spaniards, with the
craft and cunning of both races and with nothing at
all in common with us. If such delegates, on the
other hand, were Americans they, would have nothing
in common with the Filipinos. In either case Con
gress would be without any proper information to
act as a common ferment in its assortment of views
and bring them all to work together toward a com
mon object.
For these reasons it is beginning to appear to the
most thoughtful and sober-minded that if we are to
have a conclusively wise and useful policy in the
islands it must be had by eliminating Congress en
tirely. The extraordinary condition must be met by
giving to the executive extraordinary powers, such as
Jefferson took to himself in ruling in Louisiana be
tween the time of its annexation and its erection into
a territory. These powers, even, must be enlarged,
inasmuch as the responsibility and issue are greater.
In the exercise of irresponsible power by army of
ficers and the Philippine Commission we have learned
its danger. There must be a common radix for civil
and military power in those distant possessions, to
the end that the American people may fix responsi
bility at one place only, if things go wrong, and sup
port that one source of power in making them go
right.
All of these things are the present under current of
opinion. It will soon become the upper current, and
whether this regular or a special session of Congress
attempt to deal with the matter on lines now in
sight, this current will control its final disposition.
tisanship. Thus the issue' can be brought to trial and
to adjudication without rousing sectional parties,
and the country will be saved from the possibility of
adisturbing element in '.national politics.
Should the Supreme Court decide that the Ala
bama suffrage restrictions are unconstitutional, the
similar restrictions in other Southern States will, of
course, fall with them. It will then be .for Congress
to take action, and having the. decision of the Su
preme Court to build upon, the action would be much
more effective than anything, that can be done now.
The refusal of the Republican leaders of the House
to press the Crumpacker resolution calling for an in
vestigation of the Southern • election laws and the
suppression of the negro vote shows that they are
averse to stirring up the question at this time.' In
due season, however,' the issue will surely, come up
for settlement, for the South cannot be permitted to
suppress the negro vote and at the same" time enjoy
representation in Congress based upon the assump
tion that the negroes are voters. Such being the sit
uation, the progress of the Alabama test case through
the courts will be followed with interest, and it is to
be hoped the judges will give it the right of way on
their calendars, so that it may be speedily-adjudi
cated. ': -
A SPECIAL SESSION.
'.'Speaking of , the supply of small
change," .observed the professor, "It
would I not surprise me to learn that a
considerable amount -of ship subsidiary
coin has already been put In circulation f '
—Chicago Tribune. .
"Nothing is made In vain," said the
philosopher. .. ,". ; ; . ..
"That's right,". answered Senator Sorg
hum. "I was thinking, of that the other
day. ; It doesn't make any difference how
no-account > a horse . is you ¦ can always
trade him off for something, and the
most ; useless . member of society can be
gathered up to the; polls for voting pur
poses."—Washington •¦ Star. *v
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
CAIilTORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, May 7.— The following
Calif 6rnia'ns have arrived:, San Fran
cisco—E. J. Duffey, F. C. Torrey, at the
Everett; F. J. Hunter, at the Sturtevant;
G. W. Elder, at the Criterion; C. C. Bar
der, at the Astor; P. Corcoran, at the
Cosmopolitan; E. 9. de la Matyr, at the
Continental; J. W. Nelson, W. Jalkman,
I. Rose and wife, ; at the Herald Square ;
G.W. Richardson, at the Albert.
Santa Barbara— M. R. Vail," at the Ven
dome.
, San Diego— H. Tabor, at the Marlbor
ough.\ ;
R. Aral of New York is at the Palace.
Fred Sutton, a Sonora banker, is at the
Lick.
W. A. Gett of Sacramento Is at -the
Lick.
T. .; Harrington, a banker of Colusa, Is
at the Palace. .. . J ,
John P. Farish, a mining man of Den
ver, is ,at the Palace.
-Frank H. Buck, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, is at the Palace. '
Hervey Lindley, a lumberman of Klam
athoni is at the Palace.
Murray M. Harris, an organ builder of
Los Angeles, Is at the Grand. :
James D. Schuyler, a civil engineer of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
V. ' S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee? is at the California.
J. E. Stubbs, president of the Univer
sity of Nevada, is at the Grand.
Herbert Cuthbert, traveling secretary of
the Tourist Association of Victoria, B. C,
is at the Palace. .
M.i Simlnoff, the well known merchant,
leaves to-morrow for a three weeks' busi
ness trip in the East. ¦','-¦
H. J. Small, who is in charge of tho
machine shops of the Southern Pacific
Company at Sacramento,' is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
And burn, and make vou tired all over? Allen's
Foot-Ease makes the shoes comfortable, rests
and cools the feet and makes walking- easy. At
all druggists and shoe stores, 25c. Sample sent
Free. Address Allen S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. T.
Do Your Feet Ache
f? Going to Thunder Mountain ??
Tha Northern Paciflo Railway Is tha best,
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlston
and'Stites. Idaho, there are good •wagon roads
to either "Warrens or Dixie, from which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible
For rates. «tc. address T. K. STATF.TiFjR.
G. A., 047 Market st. S. F.
In 1S94 of every 10,000 persons in this
country 245 died of consumption; in 190O
the figures had fallen to 190.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone* Main 1042. •
THE ABBREVIATION O. K.— W." H.,
City. The letters O. K. in America sig
nify "all right." Their use is said to have
originated with Jacob Astor, the New
York millionaire. He was looked upon in
commercial circles as a man of great in
formation and of sound judgment, and he
was a sort of referee as to the solvency
or standing of other traders. If a note of
inquiry as to any trader's position came,
the answer to which he Intended to be
satisfactory, he was accustomed to write
across the note the letters O. K. and re
turn It to the writer. These letters he
jocularly said were the abbreviation gf
"all correct," and In that sense they are
now used all over the United States. To
put a 1-cent stamp on a city letter in a
place where there is a free delivery and
require the recipient of such letter to pay
1 cent postage due Is not O. K. Such let
ter, whether sealed or unsealed, requires
a 2-cent stamp for each ounce or fraction
thereof.
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pounds in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
ONE OF '29— Subscriber, B. O. C, City.
A half-dollar of 1§29 does not command a
premium.
This week finest eye-glasses, specs, 10c
to 40c. 81 4th, front barber, grocery. •
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Prunes stuffed with apricots-Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsead's*
"I suppose they will make a lion of you
when you strike American society."
"Well," answered the distinguished
personage who knows English but slightly,
"I hope they will stick to that depart
ment of the menagerie and not endVavor
to make a monkey of me."— New York
Evening Sun.
Royalty is honoring San Francisco with
a visit. Beautiful Queen Fay, who is to
hold court during Sacramento's Street
Fair, is at the Palace. Before she was
proclaimed queen by her loyal subjects
of Sacramento, she was Miss Fay Jack
son and as such received the flood of
votes that entitled her to a coronet.
Sacramento's young queen is chaperon
ed by Mrs. G. W. Jackson, her mother;
Mrs. N. Jackson and Mrs. G. W. Jackson.
The popularity of Miss Jackson is
shown by the fact that she received 187,
716 -votes of the 256,325 cast, a majority
of 119,107.
The royal party is here to select the
robes which the queen is to wear during
her reign. They are to be the handsom
est obtainable and the young woman who
is to wear them will indeed look a mon
arch, i •
No one is more suited^ to wear the pur
ple than Miss Jackson. She is a more de
cided beauty than her photographs indi
cate. She is a blonde of the rarest type,
with hair like the sunshine and dark vio
let eyes.
The young queen is full of enthusiasm
over the coming carnival. She said last
night: , - .
"No, indeed. I'm not surprised at see
ing reporters or at being asked for an
interview, because my friends at home
told me I should : surely meet some of
you and 'be asked about my plans.
* "You want to know How I feel as Queen
of Sacramento? First of all, I'm awfully
proud of my majority. Just think! I re
ceived 120,000 votes more than any one
else! It makes the selection so decisive
that I feel as if I have the good will of all
Sacramento.
THANKFITL TO FRIENDS.
"I am very, very thankful to my friends
and I shall do all in my power to make
our approaching street fair the most suc
cessful we have ever held.
"How did I happen to be a candidate?
I hadn't thought of entering the contest
and was much interested in the names of
other girl friends who had received votos,
when one morning my own name appear
ed in the paper. Some one had given me
fifty votes, and to this day I do not
know who was so kind. I took It as a
joke, and made light of it; but when suc
ceeding days disclosed other friends and
my votes were becoming numerous, 'I
yielded to the importuning of those
closest to me and decided that I should
enter the field of candidates.. You know
the result. The victory. seemed very easy
and I am happy to say there is no ill feeli
ing engendered among any element of my
townspeople. .
"Do I feel any different now? Oh. no.
Of course, I appreciate the honor and am
very grateful, but I am not unmindful of
the fact that this is all a great mock show
with lots of grandeur and no reality. I
shall do my part and try to be gracious
and queenly in the presence of my thou
sands of temporary subjects.
"My dresses and robes? Oh, yes. I'm
here to select them now. They are going
to be beautiful and we shall spare no ex
pense in making the attire queenly in all
Its details. The outer robes shall be of
the regal colors and I am to have differ
ent gowns for almost every day. They are
now being made and next Monday shall
see us all in readiness.
INVITES ALL SAN FRANCISCO.
"I want you to invite all San Francisco
in my name. I want to see you all during
my reign. Our fair Is going to eclipse
anything we have heretofore attempted.
The preparations are most elaborate, .
"Just imagine! Half a mile of conces
sions and the best, that have ever come to
this coast.
.'.'And; the electric lights! Why, they'll
dazzle you with their brilliancy! More
than 100,000 of them, I believe. Just im
agine the flood of light! - i
"And our floral parade! Ah! that is go
ing to be beautiful. Our gardens are just
overflowing with the bloom of roses, car
nations, sweet peas and, in fact, almost
every sort of 'flowering plants, and ' the
pageant is going to be simply gorgeous.
There will be nothing to equal .it any
where else in California, and I want you
all. to come and see if I am not right.
"Our beautiful arches and Corinthian
columns are in place and the myriads of
Incandescent lights are being strung along
L street, from Tenth to Fifteenth. The
magnificent Capitol building and its
grounds make a striking background, and
our scene of festivity could not be more
happily located.
"We are providing accommodations in
advance for our visitors, so that there
may be no confusion or difficulty In find
ing stopping places.
"Let me tell you finally that you will
miss a beautiful festival if you stay away
from our street fair.
"Come up and bring your friends. We
shall try to give you all a good time."
J. Wilson Cochran is either a hypocrite
or a much maligned young man. He was
arrested yesterday afternoon on a war
rant sworn, to before Judge Cabanlss
charging him with petty larceny by trick
and device. The ¦, complaining witness is
L. F. Golder, paymaster for the American
Can Company, who alleges that on or
about August 1 last' Cochran obtained
$20 50 from him by trick and device.
Golder stated that Cochran had been
employed by the can company and was
in the habit of borrowing money from
the men and boys employed there by tell
ing them that he had a "pull." From one
boy, John Gabrielle, who earned a dollar
per day and had saved some money, he
borrowed $60 50. Cochran was discharged
from the company's service about a week
ago.
A. G. "Walton, who accompanied Golder,
stated that Cochran was a former sol
dier and came here from the Philippines
about a year ago. He lived at 502 Powell
street, where Walton also lives. He be
came a member of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association and borrowed money
from different members on the plea that
he was poor and was trying to lead a
Christian life. He also attended the First
Presbyterian Church and had so ingra
tiated himself that a week ago he was
appointed secretary of the Sunday-school.
He had also been sending flowers and
paying his addresses to a daughter of
one of the elders of the church.
¦WARNING FBOM THE EAST.
According to Walton, Cochran's
hypocrisy was exposed when the follow
ing letter reached this- city recently from
Philadelphia, addressed to the editor of
the Occident, the defunct organ of the
Presbyterian church in this city:
PHILADEI.PHIA, April 2, 1902.
The Editor of the Occident, San Francisco.
Cal. — My Dear Sir: I desire to warn the min
isters of the Pacific Coast against an Impostor
representing himself to be my brother under
the assumed name of Arthur H. or George H.
Cochran. He has been living off the sympa
thies of ministers for years, representing him
self to be recently converted from a dissolute
life, and is now in California. He is a hard
ened criminal and should be brought to Jus
tice. Respectfully yours,
JOSEPH W. COCHRAN,
Pastor Northminster Church, Philadelphia, Pa.
This letter led to inquiries being made
and It is claimed that the impostor,
Cochran, referred to in the letter is the
Cochran under arrest, and that he had
been borrowing money from members of
the First Presbyterian Church on the
strength of being the brother of the
clergyman in Philadelphia.
SAYS HE IS INNOCENT.
Cochran when seen after his arrest re
fused at first to talk. Finally he denied
that he knew any clergyman of the name
of Cochran in Philadelphia, and therefore
could not have represented himself as his
brother. It must, he said, be a case of
mistaken Identity. He admitted borrow
ing money from employes at the can com
pany, but said he had paid most of it
back. The company kept back his last
two weeks' wages for that purpose. : Ho
denied making advances to the daughter
of the elder of the First Presbyterian
Church, nor did he borrow any money
from members of the church. He said he
only borrowed $7 altogether from mem
bers of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation and had not yet repaid the
amount.
"I have served two terms in the army
in the Philippines," said Cochran, "and
have received an honorable discharge
each time. I am a native of New York,
where my family resides. I had friends
here, but I - fear this sad business will
estrange them. My name is- J.-?Wilson
Cochran and I never assumed any other."
The counties of San Francisco, Marin
and San Mateo comprise the Second Rail
road District now represented by Commis
sioner C. S. Laumeister. It Is generally
understood that Laumeister ia a candi
date for renomination.
The First Equalization District is com
posed of San Francisco alone. J. G. Ed
wards was elected in 1898 to represent the
district on the State Board of Equaliza
tion, but his death occurred shortly after
his election. To fill the vacancy Gover
nor Gage appointed L. H. Brown of Ala
meda. Brown has served right along
since he was appointed to the board, al
though one general election has taken
place since the vacancy was filled by ap
pointment. In due time there will be a
full . quota of candidates for nomination
to the office. The salary attaching to the
position is 530CO per annum. The South
ern Pacific Company generally exerts all
the political influence at its command to
obtain favorable representation on thi»
board. While the politicians will be open
ly and actively engaged in rounding up
delegates favorable to this or that aspi
rant for the gubernatorial nomination,
the agents of the railroad company will
be quietly, canvassing the delegates in
behalf of particular candidates for the
State Board of Equalization. No doubt
the manipulators of the Gage machine
have already slated their candidates for
the Supreme Court and the railroad and
equalization boards.
All signs point to an avalanche of inde
pendent voting at the general election
next November. In order to achieve vic
tory at the polls, the Republican State
committee must nominate men in whom
the people have implicit confidence. The
Southern Pacific this year might try the
experiment of keeping hands off. Let the
people be trusted to nominate men wha
will not combine to cinch the owners of
railway property.
Governor Odell of New York, who Is
now in Southern California, will arrive
in San Francisco next Sunday. A dinner
in his honor has been tendered by the
Union League Club. The Governor has
neither declined nor accepted the invita
tion, but he will say "yes" or "no" next
Sunday.
Mayor Schmitz goes to Vallejo thla
evening to address a meeting under tho
auspices of the Federated Trades and
Labor Council. He has a host of friends
In Solano County. The Mayor's latest ef
fort in music is a brilliant march, com
posed since he assumed the responsibili
ties of office. In deference to the wishes
of his many friends and admirers, the
march will be published shortly. Doubt
less it will be included in the collection of
patriotic airs to be played by the band
on the occasion of the opening 1 of tho
Republican State convention at the pavil
ion in Sacramento. ¦
Club Life, the new and exceptionally
attractive journal published by the Club
women's Guild of San Francisco and Ala
meda County, pays this tribute to tho
Mayor's new march:
It is written in a light, swinging style, very
melodious, catchy and sure to become im
mensely popular. Its title, "The Yankee Hus
tler," la intended aa a tribute to American
progress. The term "Yankee" needs no defin
ing in the realm of the stars and stripes.
"Hustler" la an Americanism universally ap
plied to any one bright, energetic, wideawake
and enterprising.
QUEEN FAY
AND RETINUE
SEEKING ROBES
GRAVE CHARGES
LEAD TO ARREST
OF EX-SOLDIER
TOPICS CURRENT
IN THE CAMPS OF
THE POLITICIANS
iEIBIf *'"••¦¦ ¦ • ¦,¦'¦¦ " •¦'••¦; ¦¦ ¦--.-'*¦¦-¦ . . . -
THE .SAI? FRANGISCO GALl, THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1902.
5
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia Theater— Extra — Benefit of the New Actors'
Home, this afternoon. ,
Orpheura — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house—* 'The Leather Patch."
F'tscher'e Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Under the Red Robe."
Tivoli — "The Sinking Girl."
Central — "Mrs. Parting-ton."
Alcazar — "When the Heart Was Young."
Columbia — "When We Were Twenty-one."
Kew Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
Hecreatioa Park — Baseball to-day.
_ r^-ggggfe-&-^
Costume Poses by San | The Empire ol Business. |
Francisco Society Ladies, 1 By Andrew Carnegie 1
The most exclusive series of photos I 1
eve ci, 8 cl ve S«X S p"^ I M y Expellees as a I
pose No. 2 next sunday. S Criminal Lawyer. g
H By Judge Carroll Cook. I
Sec Pat and Heiny in I — if
New Adventures. I How to Dress xte aLmlc I
I I Man" for Summer. 1
The Society "Autoneers" I I '¦'-^—^~ I
of San Francisco. | | Magic and Puzzle Pic- J
Do you know who they are ? If tUFCS. I
See next Sunday's CalL g | The best ever published. |
Health, Beauty, Fashions. | 1 How to Stage a New Play, f
B The Sunday Call Magazine Section contains more Western \
rstor ies than all other San Francisco Sunday papers combined. |The peace negotiations in South .Africa , must be
wholly in the. hands of : the British, for surely 1 if the
nimble, Boers' had anything to do : with them they
would move faster. "' ¦'.:.'• \-; ;"-'V '¦¦-
Western Democrats take a look at the booms for
Olney and Hill and then remark that if they cannot
have Bryan again Tom Johnson or Carter Harrison
will be good enough for them.-:
In a recent address at Harvard Dr. Rainsford of
New York advised the students to join the church
and go in for politics, so we may put him down as
an ultra advocate of the strenuous life. » ;
An Eastern poet, has already begun to sing of a
desire to "Dream, in summer blossoms lost; to
sleep, and not wake up till frost"; and it looks as
if he wished to skip the, hot spells and the shirt waist
men. v .^ ¦ •- ' ' . v - '
, Bourke 'Cockran, who has just returned from a
visit to Rome, says the Pope will outlive a good
many of the candidates who are now aspiring to
succeed him, and the prediction seems to be a safe
one. -..-¦..¦•.• . ,¦ .' '. ¦ \
-!,A Chicago Judge is reported to have declared from
the bench that if a husband beats his wife she should
shoot him on the spot, and we may now expect to
hear of wholesale slaughtering in that city.
. Eastern papers are already noting the appearance
here and there of the shirt waist man, and it looks as
if the fight for comfort during the hot season will be
waged this summer, by larger numbers. than ever.
DISPATCHES from Montgomery announce
that the first step has been taken in that city
in a movement to bring the suffrage laws of
Alabama before the courts, in order that the consti
tionality of the restrictions adopted by the ; recent
convention may be tested. A negro man of educa
tion_ and an owner of property has made an affidavit
before a notary, alleging that he has been denied the
right to register, although he is justly entitled to do
so. The dispatches do not state upon what ground
the denial of the privilege of registering was based,
but it is stated that the case will bring the whole suf
frage clause of the constitution before the court
and make a fair test of its validity. It is the inten
tion of the attorneys for the complainant to carry the
issue to the Supreme Court, of the United States as
soon as possible should they be defeated in the lower
courts.
The proposed action is much better than would
be any investigation of the Southern suffrage laws
by Congress. The people of the North desire that
justice be done in the South, and that the negroes be
upheld in the exercise of every constitutional right,
but at the same time there is profound objection to
reviving anything in the way of a sectional issue.
Whatever Congress should do in the matter would
surely be regarded as an affair of politics. It would be
discussed from partisan standpoints, and* undoubtedly
each side would try to make party capital out of it.
The evils resulting from such discussions would be
great, and it is doubtful if the benefits would be "suffi
cient to offset them. \
No such objections can be made.to an appeal to
the courts. From first to last the hearings before
the tribunals will be free from the appearance of par-
SOUTHERN SUFFRAGE LAWS.
It will be remembered that last summer a Chicago
man had his stomach removed and went home happy
in the consciousness that everybody was reading
about him and the hope that he would never have
indigestion again. Now comes a report that he has
returned to the, hospital with the intention of having
his liver removed. Evidently his desire for free ad
vertising is insatiable.
WHEN the San Francisco business men make
their tour through the San Joaquin they
will find the whole region stirring with the
life of a new spring, metaphorical as well as literal.
T.he growing grain and the budding orchards will not
show more evidence of vitality than the universal
demonstration of activity among the people. The
movement for the promotion of Northern California
is going forward in every locaiity with abundant
vigor and gives promise of producing great results in
every instance.
One of the notable evidences of the earnestness of
the people in promoting the movement is the readi
ness with which they are organizing to help the Pro
motion Committee and present the claims of their
own districts. Recently we had occasion to direct
attention to what has been done in that way by the
Board of Trade of Reedley, and it is now to be noted
that the example thus set is to be followed in other
localities. •
Speaking for Selma and urging the organization of
"a wide-awake Chamber of Commerce," the Fresno
County Enterprise says: "Every town in San Joaquin
Valley of any commercial importance, save our own,
supports an organization of this kind. Indeed it is
embarrassing to even suggest Selma's dereliction of
duty in this matter. The San Joaquin Valley Com
mercial Association has been laboring for months
and meeting here and there throughout the valley ad
vertising and advancing the interests of Central Cali
fornia at every session, but to this organization, and
likewise to the outside world who read its tracts and
its proceedings, Selma is unknown. Why? Because
we are without a commercial organization whose of
fice it is to make us known."
Straightforward statements of, that kind show the
spirit that is in the enterprising men of the San Joa
quin towns. The effect is certain to be excellent.
As a result of that plain speech the very next issue of
the Enterprise may have to record the beginning of
a movement to establish a Chamber of Commerce at
Selma. Organization of some kind is bound to come.
No San Joaquin community can lag in this move
ment. .¦>;;.:
So in the large towns and in the small ones there
is everywhere evident an intention to get together
and work for the general good by working for their
own good. The Promotion Committee can do noth
ing for a community that will not make an. effort at
least to help itself. The live, enterprising men of
every community must combine, organize and work
together to make known the resources of their lo
cality and set forth its inducements for investors and
home-seekers. Nothing can be gained in any town
by delaying such organizations. The time for action
is at hand, and those who do not take part in it will
lose by their negligence.
THE PROMOTION MOVEMENT.
DESPITE Bryan's vociferous objections the
work of reorganizing . the Democratic party
in the Eastern States goes briskly on.. In
fact, in the whole region east of the Mississippi and
north of the Ohio very little attention is paid to the
former leader or to his platform. It appears, there
fore, that if Bryan has any following at all in the
next national convention it will be a strictly sectional
one. It may, under the operation of the two-thirds
rule, prevent the nomination of a straight-out gold
standard 'man, but it certainly will not be able to
nominate Bryan himself nor any of the old Chicago
platform crowd.
The special animosity which has been displayed by
Bryan against Hill seems to preclude the possibility
that Hill will get the nomination or that he will be
able to procure the honor for any of his New* York
supporters. At the same time the Southern sup
port for Gorman has weakened, and thus there is no
prominent champion in sight to lead the reorganiz
ers to the victory which now seems certain to perch
upon their banners when the fight in the convention
takes place. This condition of affairs has given other
States a chance to put forward their favorites, and
while the West talks of Tom Johnson and Carter
Harrison there is talk in Pennsylvania of Pattison
and in Massachusetts of Olney.
Recently one of the strongest Bryan men in Penn
sylvania broke away from -his former leader and advo
cated the close alliance with the repudiators of the
Chicago platform. Bryan has repeatedly urged, his
followers to have nothing to do with the reorgan
izers, to vote for no man who objected to the plat
form and the ticket of 1896 and 1900, but the Pennsyl
vanian says: "We want them all back. We* want the
many honored Democrats who stood nobly with us
through the battles of the last forty years in Pennsyl
vania — the Hancocks, the Baers, the Farquhars, the
Myers, the Hansels, the Harritys, the Pattisons, the
Cadwaladers— with U3, where they truly belong.
Upon every other question but that of silver we are
as one. Unhappily, because adversely settled, there
is no more silver question."
The statement "there is no more silver question"
has become a sort of cuckoo cry with the reorgan
izers. It serves them at once as argumentjor Demo
cratic harmony and as a plea why the party should re
ceive the support of conservative men. It is of course
well understood that if there be no more silver ques
tion there is no more Bryan leadership, and virtually
no more Chicago platform.
In Pennsylvania the reorganizers do not seem to
have progressed further than a "negative platform.
They repudiate free silver, but they offer no living
issue to take the place of the dead. ' It is different" in
Massachusetts. The reorganizers of that State de
clare, Richard Olney to be the natural leader of . the
party and they present him to the country on the dis
tinct and positive platform of tariff revision in the
direction of free trade.
One of Mr. Olney's supporters; at Washington re
cently discussing the political .outlook for the fall
elections said: "An organization can be effected for
the coming Congressional campaign if some of the
leaders who have not been heard from will come to
the rescue of the party. Mr. Olney is naturally and
logically the leader in a movement which will bring
together the men whose principles are to be re
adbpted, and those who left them once but who want
to come back to them. Mr. Olney's attitude in the
campaign of 1900 made him the most popular Demo
cratic leader in the East. There is no silver Demo
crat in that section of the country, or in any other,
section, who compare? with him in general popular
ity. He is in a sense, by reason of the letter which he
wrote against Mr. McKinley in the campaign of 1900,
the connecting link. between the gold Democrats and
those who went off after. Mr. Bryan."
The situation is undoubtedly promising for cither
Pattison or Olney. If they can only keep thfe Bryan
ites raging against Hill and his New York following
so as to shut those men out of any chance of winning,
the next leader of the hosts of' Democracy in a
Presidential fight may be either from Pennsylvania or
from Massachusetts.';^ >' \
DEMOCRATIC REORGANIZATION.
THURSDAY ; MAY 8, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
ktlxttt All CcmmccicatioES to W. S. LEASE, Hunger.
ri'BLICATIOX OFKICE...BIn.r_et and Third. S. V.
CQITOOLU, ROO3IS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
_i_~for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With t_c Department You Wish. *
Delivered l»jr C«rrler«, 15 Cents Per Weelc.
Sfngrle Cople*. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postages
PArLY CALl> (including Sunday), one year $6.00
XJAILT CALX, (including Sunday), « months 8.00
r>AILY CALL, (including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. 63c
6UNDAY CALL. One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
AH nostmsstcr* nre nntbnrlicd to receive
¦nbucrljitions.
°£unple copies frill be forwarded when requested.
Malt rcbfcribera In ordering chang* of address should be
particular to *lve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OiKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
_ C. GEORGES KROGXESS.
ITcttger Foreign Advertising, Mirqcette Building, Chicago.
CLcng Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAKLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEX II. SBIITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennan Hruee; P. O. News Co.; Greet Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOV (D. C.) OFFICE 1400 G St., N. W.
MORTON 13. CKAM2. Correspondent.
BRAXCII OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. SO0 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock.. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOB. THE SUMMER
Call Kabncriber* contemplating *» chancre of
residence daring tbe summer months can bare
ihetr paper forivarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper vrlll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented tiy u local agent In
nil townn on the coast.
A recent flood in Tennessee is said to have washed
away a wide strip of country and revealed the bury
ing gVound of a people who are supposed to have
preceded the Indians, The graves consist of vaults
formed of thin. slabs of limestone evidently brought
from some distance.' They are very narrow, and it is
believed- the bodies must have been deposited in them
sideways, but as the floods washed off every vestige
of the contents of the tombs nothing definite can be
said on the subject. The ground is to be explored
for further tombs, and science expects to make a
great discovery of new facts concerning the mound-'
builders, who are supposed to have constructed the
vaults.
i SPECIAL session of Congress, is something
l\ . more than probable. The regular business of
•L Vthe session that concerns the administration of
the government is well advanced and would enable
an adjournment by the middle of June. But the gen
eral legislation, and especially that part of it im
pinged upon the vexing externalities we have inher
ited from the Spanish war, is not advanced, nor can
it be said that there is any substantial agreement as
to its scope and terms.
The determined front shown by the beet sugar men
against Cuban free trade has put a long parliamentary
pause into the consideration of that, question, so that
it is doubtful if it will reach a conclusion at this ses
sion. As far as it has gone it has exposed the extreme
danger of tampering with the tariff. If free trade prove
to have a majority in the Senate it may be that the
whole subject will be permitted to die in Congress
and t lat when the new Cuban government* is installed
a treaty covering air demands will be made with it, to
be ratified by the Senate, and the House will be left
out of the matter entirely. Such'a policy will narrow
that issue down and take it out of focus as a general
Congressional question.
Then the Philippine legislation will remain. That
is arrested by the revelations that have been made to
the Senate committee. Representative Sibley and
Senator Lodge have both denounced the Herod or
der of General Smith, and have reflected generally
upon our military course/ in the islands. Mr.
Cooper of Wisconsin, chairman of the House Com
mittee on Insular Affairs, goes further than either
and intimates that if we can get and keep the. archi
pelago only by such means we don't want it at all.
All recognize legislation under the circumstances
as premature, and have fallen into a waiting spirit.
This is strengthened by the evident purpose of the
War Department to sustain Smith. As that depart
ment deals with matters that are beyond civilian
reach, and with necessities and emergencies un
known in the civil administration of the Government,
it has always been tolerated in its exclusive treatment
of them. It was this tolerance that sustained Stanton
during the Civil War, even in such extraordinary ac
tions as ordering all of Mr. Lincoln's mail sent to
him to be opened before it was seen by the Presi
dent.
Passing that by, it is beginning to be felt by all that
insular administration is going to develop matters that
Congress cannot deal with either in regular or special
session. Not only trade and tariffs, franchises and
development have to be dealt with, and instantly,
with executive energy, but the more serious questions
inhering in the disposition of the people and their
feeling toward American rule. This cannot be han
dled with a spelling-book and the four ground rules
of arithmetic, nor with the catechism from a mis
sionary standpoint, nor by Congress, torn by con
flicting sentiments, political ambitions and views of
policy.
It is a plain impossibility for Congress to have the
personal knowledge of the islands that it has of our
continental territories. These have delegates sitting
in the House who are Americans like the rest of us.
If the islands have delegates they will not be Ameri
cans. They will be Filipinos or Spaniards, with the
craft and cunning of both races and with nothing at
all in common with us. If such delegates, on the
other hand, were Americans they, would have nothing
in common with the Filipinos. In either case Con
gress would be without any proper information to
act as a common ferment in its assortment of views
and bring them all to work together toward a com
mon object.
For these reasons it is beginning to appear to the
most thoughtful and sober-minded that if we are to
have a conclusively wise and useful policy in the
islands it must be had by eliminating Congress en
tirely. The extraordinary condition must be met by
giving to the executive extraordinary powers, such as
Jefferson took to himself in ruling in Louisiana be
tween the time of its annexation and its erection into
a territory. These powers, even, must be enlarged,
inasmuch as the responsibility and issue are greater.
In the exercise of irresponsible power by army of
ficers and the Philippine Commission we have learned
its danger. There must be a common radix for civil
and military power in those distant possessions, to
the end that the American people may fix responsi
bility at one place only, if things go wrong, and sup
port that one source of power in making them go
right.
All of these things are the present under current of
opinion. It will soon become the upper current, and
whether this regular or a special session of Congress
attempt to deal with the matter on lines now in
sight, this current will control its final disposition.
tisanship. Thus the issue' can be brought to trial and
to adjudication without rousing sectional parties,
and the country will be saved from the possibility of
adisturbing element in '.national politics.
Should the Supreme Court decide that the Ala
bama suffrage restrictions are unconstitutional, the
similar restrictions in other Southern States will, of
course, fall with them. It will then be .for Congress
to take action, and having the. decision of the Su
preme Court to build upon, the action would be much
more effective than anything, that can be done now.
The refusal of the Republican leaders of the House
to press the Crumpacker resolution calling for an in
vestigation of the Southern • election laws and the
suppression of the negro vote shows that they are
averse to stirring up the question at this time.' In
due season, however,' the issue will surely, come up
for settlement, for the South cannot be permitted to
suppress the negro vote and at the same" time enjoy
representation in Congress based upon the assump
tion that the negroes are voters. Such being the sit
uation, the progress of the Alabama test case through
the courts will be followed with interest, and it is to
be hoped the judges will give it the right of way on
their calendars, so that it may be speedily-adjudi
cated. ': -
A SPECIAL SESSION.
'.'Speaking of , the supply of small
change," .observed the professor, "It
would I not surprise me to learn that a
considerable amount -of ship subsidiary
coin has already been put In circulation f '
—Chicago Tribune. .
"Nothing is made In vain," said the
philosopher. .. ,". ; ; . ..
"That's right,". answered Senator Sorg
hum. "I was thinking, of that the other
day. ; It doesn't make any difference how
no-account > a horse . is you ¦ can always
trade him off for something, and the
most ; useless . member of society can be
gathered up to the; polls for voting pur
poses."—Washington •¦ Star. *v
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
CAIilTORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, May 7.— The following
Calif 6rnia'ns have arrived:, San Fran
cisco—E. J. Duffey, F. C. Torrey, at the
Everett; F. J. Hunter, at the Sturtevant;
G. W. Elder, at the Criterion; C. C. Bar
der, at the Astor; P. Corcoran, at the
Cosmopolitan; E. 9. de la Matyr, at the
Continental; J. W. Nelson, W. Jalkman,
I. Rose and wife, ; at the Herald Square ;
G.W. Richardson, at the Albert.
Santa Barbara— M. R. Vail," at the Ven
dome.
, San Diego— H. Tabor, at the Marlbor
ough.\ ;
R. Aral of New York is at the Palace.
Fred Sutton, a Sonora banker, is at the
Lick.
W. A. Gett of Sacramento Is at -the
Lick.
T. .; Harrington, a banker of Colusa, Is
at the Palace. .. . J ,
John P. Farish, a mining man of Den
ver, is ,at the Palace.
-Frank H. Buck, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, is at the Palace. '
Hervey Lindley, a lumberman of Klam
athoni is at the Palace.
Murray M. Harris, an organ builder of
Los Angeles, Is at the Grand. :
James D. Schuyler, a civil engineer of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
V. ' S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee? is at the California.
J. E. Stubbs, president of the Univer
sity of Nevada, is at the Grand.
Herbert Cuthbert, traveling secretary of
the Tourist Association of Victoria, B. C,
is at the Palace. .
M.i Simlnoff, the well known merchant,
leaves to-morrow for a three weeks' busi
ness trip in the East. ¦','-¦
H. J. Small, who is in charge of tho
machine shops of the Southern Pacific
Company at Sacramento,' is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
And burn, and make vou tired all over? Allen's
Foot-Ease makes the shoes comfortable, rests
and cools the feet and makes walking- easy. At
all druggists and shoe stores, 25c. Sample sent
Free. Address Allen S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. T.
Do Your Feet Ache
f? Going to Thunder Mountain ??
Tha Northern Paciflo Railway Is tha best,
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlston
and'Stites. Idaho, there are good •wagon roads
to either "Warrens or Dixie, from which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible
For rates. «tc. address T. K. STATF.TiFjR.
G. A., 047 Market st. S. F.
In 1S94 of every 10,000 persons in this
country 245 died of consumption; in 190O
the figures had fallen to 190.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone* Main 1042. •
THE ABBREVIATION O. K.— W." H.,
City. The letters O. K. in America sig
nify "all right." Their use is said to have
originated with Jacob Astor, the New
York millionaire. He was looked upon in
commercial circles as a man of great in
formation and of sound judgment, and he
was a sort of referee as to the solvency
or standing of other traders. If a note of
inquiry as to any trader's position came,
the answer to which he Intended to be
satisfactory, he was accustomed to write
across the note the letters O. K. and re
turn It to the writer. These letters he
jocularly said were the abbreviation gf
"all correct," and In that sense they are
now used all over the United States. To
put a 1-cent stamp on a city letter in a
place where there is a free delivery and
require the recipient of such letter to pay
1 cent postage due Is not O. K. Such let
ter, whether sealed or unsealed, requires
a 2-cent stamp for each ounce or fraction
thereof.
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pounds in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
ONE OF '29— Subscriber, B. O. C, City.
A half-dollar of 1§29 does not command a
premium.
This week finest eye-glasses, specs, 10c
to 40c. 81 4th, front barber, grocery. •
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Prunes stuffed with apricots-Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsead's*
"I suppose they will make a lion of you
when you strike American society."
"Well," answered the distinguished
personage who knows English but slightly,
"I hope they will stick to that depart
ment of the menagerie and not endVavor
to make a monkey of me."— New York
Evening Sun.
Royalty is honoring San Francisco with
a visit. Beautiful Queen Fay, who is to
hold court during Sacramento's Street
Fair, is at the Palace. Before she was
proclaimed queen by her loyal subjects
of Sacramento, she was Miss Fay Jack
son and as such received the flood of
votes that entitled her to a coronet.
Sacramento's young queen is chaperon
ed by Mrs. G. W. Jackson, her mother;
Mrs. N. Jackson and Mrs. G. W. Jackson.
The popularity of Miss Jackson is
shown by the fact that she received 187,
716 -votes of the 256,325 cast, a majority
of 119,107.
The royal party is here to select the
robes which the queen is to wear during
her reign. They are to be the handsom
est obtainable and the young woman who
is to wear them will indeed look a mon
arch, i •
No one is more suited^ to wear the pur
ple than Miss Jackson. She is a more de
cided beauty than her photographs indi
cate. She is a blonde of the rarest type,
with hair like the sunshine and dark vio
let eyes.
The young queen is full of enthusiasm
over the coming carnival. She said last
night: , - .
"No, indeed. I'm not surprised at see
ing reporters or at being asked for an
interview, because my friends at home
told me I should : surely meet some of
you and 'be asked about my plans.
* "You want to know How I feel as Queen
of Sacramento? First of all, I'm awfully
proud of my majority. Just think! I re
ceived 120,000 votes more than any one
else! It makes the selection so decisive
that I feel as if I have the good will of all
Sacramento.
THANKFITL TO FRIENDS.
"I am very, very thankful to my friends
and I shall do all in my power to make
our approaching street fair the most suc
cessful we have ever held.
"How did I happen to be a candidate?
I hadn't thought of entering the contest
and was much interested in the names of
other girl friends who had received votos,
when one morning my own name appear
ed in the paper. Some one had given me
fifty votes, and to this day I do not
know who was so kind. I took It as a
joke, and made light of it; but when suc
ceeding days disclosed other friends and
my votes were becoming numerous, 'I
yielded to the importuning of those
closest to me and decided that I should
enter the field of candidates.. You know
the result. The victory. seemed very easy
and I am happy to say there is no ill feeli
ing engendered among any element of my
townspeople. .
"Do I feel any different now? Oh. no.
Of course, I appreciate the honor and am
very grateful, but I am not unmindful of
the fact that this is all a great mock show
with lots of grandeur and no reality. I
shall do my part and try to be gracious
and queenly in the presence of my thou
sands of temporary subjects.
"My dresses and robes? Oh, yes. I'm
here to select them now. They are going
to be beautiful and we shall spare no ex
pense in making the attire queenly in all
Its details. The outer robes shall be of
the regal colors and I am to have differ
ent gowns for almost every day. They are
now being made and next Monday shall
see us all in readiness.
INVITES ALL SAN FRANCISCO.
"I want you to invite all San Francisco
in my name. I want to see you all during
my reign. Our fair Is going to eclipse
anything we have heretofore attempted.
The preparations are most elaborate, .
"Just imagine! Half a mile of conces
sions and the best, that have ever come to
this coast.
.'.'And; the electric lights! Why, they'll
dazzle you with their brilliancy! More
than 100,000 of them, I believe. Just im
agine the flood of light! - i
"And our floral parade! Ah! that is go
ing to be beautiful. Our gardens are just
overflowing with the bloom of roses, car
nations, sweet peas and, in fact, almost
every sort of 'flowering plants, and ' the
pageant is going to be simply gorgeous.
There will be nothing to equal .it any
where else in California, and I want you
all. to come and see if I am not right.
"Our beautiful arches and Corinthian
columns are in place and the myriads of
Incandescent lights are being strung along
L street, from Tenth to Fifteenth. The
magnificent Capitol building and its
grounds make a striking background, and
our scene of festivity could not be more
happily located.
"We are providing accommodations in
advance for our visitors, so that there
may be no confusion or difficulty In find
ing stopping places.
"Let me tell you finally that you will
miss a beautiful festival if you stay away
from our street fair.
"Come up and bring your friends. We
shall try to give you all a good time."
J. Wilson Cochran is either a hypocrite
or a much maligned young man. He was
arrested yesterday afternoon on a war
rant sworn, to before Judge Cabanlss
charging him with petty larceny by trick
and device. The ¦, complaining witness is
L. F. Golder, paymaster for the American
Can Company, who alleges that on or
about August 1 last' Cochran obtained
$20 50 from him by trick and device.
Golder stated that Cochran had been
employed by the can company and was
in the habit of borrowing money from
the men and boys employed there by tell
ing them that he had a "pull." From one
boy, John Gabrielle, who earned a dollar
per day and had saved some money, he
borrowed $60 50. Cochran was discharged
from the company's service about a week
ago.
A. G. "Walton, who accompanied Golder,
stated that Cochran was a former sol
dier and came here from the Philippines
about a year ago. He lived at 502 Powell
street, where Walton also lives. He be
came a member of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association and borrowed money
from different members on the plea that
he was poor and was trying to lead a
Christian life. He also attended the First
Presbyterian Church and had so ingra
tiated himself that a week ago he was
appointed secretary of the Sunday-school.
He had also been sending flowers and
paying his addresses to a daughter of
one of the elders of the church.
¦WARNING FBOM THE EAST.
According to Walton, Cochran's
hypocrisy was exposed when the follow
ing letter reached this- city recently from
Philadelphia, addressed to the editor of
the Occident, the defunct organ of the
Presbyterian church in this city:
PHILADEI.PHIA, April 2, 1902.
The Editor of the Occident, San Francisco.
Cal. — My Dear Sir: I desire to warn the min
isters of the Pacific Coast against an Impostor
representing himself to be my brother under
the assumed name of Arthur H. or George H.
Cochran. He has been living off the sympa
thies of ministers for years, representing him
self to be recently converted from a dissolute
life, and is now in California. He is a hard
ened criminal and should be brought to Jus
tice. Respectfully yours,
JOSEPH W. COCHRAN,
Pastor Northminster Church, Philadelphia, Pa.
This letter led to inquiries being made
and It is claimed that the impostor,
Cochran, referred to in the letter is the
Cochran under arrest, and that he had
been borrowing money from members of
the First Presbyterian Church on the
strength of being the brother of the
clergyman in Philadelphia.
SAYS HE IS INNOCENT.
Cochran when seen after his arrest re
fused at first to talk. Finally he denied
that he knew any clergyman of the name
of Cochran in Philadelphia, and therefore
could not have represented himself as his
brother. It must, he said, be a case of
mistaken Identity. He admitted borrow
ing money from employes at the can com
pany, but said he had paid most of it
back. The company kept back his last
two weeks' wages for that purpose. : Ho
denied making advances to the daughter
of the elder of the First Presbyterian
Church, nor did he borrow any money
from members of the church. He said he
only borrowed $7 altogether from mem
bers of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation and had not yet repaid the
amount.
"I have served two terms in the army
in the Philippines," said Cochran, "and
have received an honorable discharge
each time. I am a native of New York,
where my family resides. I had friends
here, but I - fear this sad business will
estrange them. My name is- J.-?Wilson
Cochran and I never assumed any other."
The counties of San Francisco, Marin
and San Mateo comprise the Second Rail
road District now represented by Commis
sioner C. S. Laumeister. It Is generally
understood that Laumeister ia a candi
date for renomination.
The First Equalization District is com
posed of San Francisco alone. J. G. Ed
wards was elected in 1898 to represent the
district on the State Board of Equaliza
tion, but his death occurred shortly after
his election. To fill the vacancy Gover
nor Gage appointed L. H. Brown of Ala
meda. Brown has served right along
since he was appointed to the board, al
though one general election has taken
place since the vacancy was filled by ap
pointment. In due time there will be a
full . quota of candidates for nomination
to the office. The salary attaching to the
position is 530CO per annum. The South
ern Pacific Company generally exerts all
the political influence at its command to
obtain favorable representation on thi»
board. While the politicians will be open
ly and actively engaged in rounding up
delegates favorable to this or that aspi
rant for the gubernatorial nomination,
the agents of the railroad company will
be quietly, canvassing the delegates in
behalf of particular candidates for the
State Board of Equalization. No doubt
the manipulators of the Gage machine
have already slated their candidates for
the Supreme Court and the railroad and
equalization boards.
All signs point to an avalanche of inde
pendent voting at the general election
next November. In order to achieve vic
tory at the polls, the Republican State
committee must nominate men in whom
the people have implicit confidence. The
Southern Pacific this year might try the
experiment of keeping hands off. Let the
people be trusted to nominate men wha
will not combine to cinch the owners of
railway property.
Governor Odell of New York, who Is
now in Southern California, will arrive
in San Francisco next Sunday. A dinner
in his honor has been tendered by the
Union League Club. The Governor has
neither declined nor accepted the invita
tion, but he will say "yes" or "no" next
Sunday.
Mayor Schmitz goes to Vallejo thla
evening to address a meeting under tho
auspices of the Federated Trades and
Labor Council. He has a host of friends
In Solano County. The Mayor's latest ef
fort in music is a brilliant march, com
posed since he assumed the responsibili
ties of office. In deference to the wishes
of his many friends and admirers, the
march will be published shortly. Doubt
less it will be included in the collection of
patriotic airs to be played by the band
on the occasion of the opening 1 of tho
Republican State convention at the pavil
ion in Sacramento. ¦
Club Life, the new and exceptionally
attractive journal published by the Club
women's Guild of San Francisco and Ala
meda County, pays this tribute to tho
Mayor's new march:
It is written in a light, swinging style, very
melodious, catchy and sure to become im
mensely popular. Its title, "The Yankee Hus
tler," la intended aa a tribute to American
progress. The term "Yankee" needs no defin
ing in the realm of the stars and stripes.
"Hustler" la an Americanism universally ap
plied to any one bright, energetic, wideawake
and enterprising.
QUEEN FAY
AND RETINUE
SEEKING ROBES
GRAVE CHARGES
LEAD TO ARREST
OF EX-SOLDIER
TOPICS CURRENT
IN THE CAMPS OF
THE POLITICIANS
iEIBIf *'"••¦¦ ¦ • ¦,¦'¦¦ " •¦'••¦; ¦¦ ¦--.-'*¦¦-¦ . . . -
THE .SAI? FRANGISCO GALl, THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1902.
5
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia Theater— Extra — Benefit of the New Actors'
Home, this afternoon. ,
Orpheura — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house—* 'The Leather Patch."
F'tscher'e Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Under the Red Robe."
Tivoli — "The Sinking Girl."
Central — "Mrs. Parting-ton."
Alcazar — "When the Heart Was Young."
Columbia — "When We Were Twenty-one."
Kew Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
Hecreatioa Park — Baseball to-day.
_ r^-ggggfe-&-^
Costume Poses by San | The Empire ol Business. |
Francisco Society Ladies, 1 By Andrew Carnegie 1
The most exclusive series of photos I 1
eve ci, 8 cl ve S«X S p"^ I M y Expellees as a I
pose No. 2 next sunday. S Criminal Lawyer. g
H By Judge Carroll Cook. I
Sec Pat and Heiny in I — if
New Adventures. I How to Dress xte aLmlc I
I I Man" for Summer. 1
The Society "Autoneers" I I '¦'-^—^~ I
of San Francisco. | | Magic and Puzzle Pic- J
Do you know who they are ? If tUFCS. I
See next Sunday's CalL g | The best ever published. |
Health, Beauty, Fashions. | 1 How to Stage a New Play, f
B The Sunday Call Magazine Section contains more Western \
rstor ies than all other San Francisco Sunday papers combined. |FOUR-MASTED BARKENTINE
WHICH WILL BE LAUNCHED
ON SATURDAY.
PASSENGERS OF NOTE ON A PACIFIC
LINER ENCOUNTER FINE SUMMER WEATHER
Movements of Steamers.
given Is subtracted from the . depth given bj
the charts. The plane of reference is tno meae
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
The Associated Oil Company complained to
the board that owing to the mud in Channel
street their oil barge has difficulty in getting
to their oil tanks at Seventh and Channel
Norton also submitted a report as to the
condition of ferry slips Nos. 2, 3 and 4, and
also as to the dolphins between the slips. He
reported that the piles were badly eaten by
the llmnorla, and estimated the cost for re
building them at $44,000. He recommended
that the dolphins between the slips be made
on a more permanent foundation than piles.
The repairs suggested, Norton said, would en
able the use of the dolphins for from eight to
twelve months. . *
The chief engineer. Lot Norton, submitted
Informal bids for constructing a redwood sewer
In Union utreet from the center line of Front
street to the bulkhead. The contract was
awarded to Fllnn & Treacy at $4 90 per lineal
foot. A contract was awarded to Robert Wake
field to rebuild the bulkhead running from
pier 25 to Lombard-street wharf for the sum
of $22 ner thousand feet and $9 for each pile.
A res>ort was submitted by the chief en
gineer and filed as to the condition of the
Second-street car ferry slip in which it was
shown that the slip can be used for about one
year. He recommended that steps be taken to
provide the Southern Pacific Company with a
new car ferry slip at the foot of El Dorado
street.
The Board of State Harbor Commissioners
met yesterday at the Ferry building. There
were present Paris Kilburn (chairman), John
Kirkpatrlck and John D. Mackenzie.
Harbor Improvements.
Miss M. Alexander. W. Alfs, F. A. Allen,
wife and child; Professor Brlgham, the Misses
Berry, A. F. Brown. Miss M. Buckley, C. A.
Breed and wife, Mrs. J. Butterfield and child,
I. Brown. Lieutenant Colonel Chamberlin and
wife, A. W. S. Cochrane, T. W. Carter and
¦wife. Miss G. Cooke, Mr. Cammalerl, wife and
child; H. J. Craft, Mrs. Coulsen and two chil
dren, Mrs. S. B. Cheek, Mrs. L. M. Cheek and
child. Miss Cheek, W. M. Campbell, A. Mur
ray Dunham, E. R. Dart, H. Evans, wife and
two children. Mrs. E. Field, M. S. Grinbawm
and wife. C. P. Grimwood and wife, E. Good
all and wife. Miss Goodall, F. L. and H. II.
Hocgs, J. Hutchinson, J. F. Hackfeld, Mrs.
C. J. Hutchins and child. Miss Harlich, Cap
tain T. Jensen, J. I*. Koster, Mrs. F. Love,
J. H. Love. F. O. Maltland and wife. G. E.
Moore and wife. Mrs. C. Mendell. Miss Mc-
Lean, Mrs. F. J. Nott and daughter, H. Ni
haolelua, N. Nudelman, Mrs. A. E. Nichols
and two children. Captain M. Ott. M. D. Pa
checo, W. C. Peacock and wife. Miss Peacock.
Miss E. P. Sarcent, H. H. Schovel, A. M.
Scott, R. A. Scott and valet. Colonel Spald
ing. Miss A. Scrlpps, Miss E. B. Scripts, G.
Shuman, J. R, Shroeder, A. Turner, H. S.
AVoodsworth, H. Waterhouse, wife and maid;
Miss Stunreon. P. W. Wobber, F. T. Walker,
S. W. Wilcox and wife. H. A. Wideman, .Dr.
Walters.
The passengers were
cargo. Her time from port to
port was 6 days 6 hours. But for a fog
bank encountered on Tuesday she would'
have arrived Tuesday afternoon. The
fog »-as quite thick, and Captain Harrl
man decided to take the safe course and
slow down. There were 136 passengers in
the steerage, an unusual number on the
Honolulu run. Of these twenty were Jap
anese and fifty Portuguese. They were
all laborers and have left the Hawaiian
Islands to seek other markets for their
work.
The cargo included 14,265 bags of sugar,
3675 bundles of bananas and 40 sacks of
silver coin valued at $20,000, consigned to
tne Hank of California.
lieutenant Colonel Chamberlin of the
army was a passenger on the Alameda.
He has been in Hololulu on a visit of in
spection. H. A. Allen, a Chicago engineer,
was also a passenger. He has been in the
Islands about four months installing
pumping plants on several plantations.
Among these arriving on the liner was
S. Brown of Sydney, the proprietor of the
famous Dunkenfeid colliery. Professor
Brigham, curator of the. Bishop Museum
at Honolulu, came up on the Alameda.
Mrs. Eugene Field was also a passenger.
Captain Edwin Goodall and Mrs. and Miss
Goodall returned from a visit to the isl
ands. J. L. Koster and Captain Jensen,
who went down on the Enterprise, re
turned yesterday.
W. C. Peacock of Honolulu and Captain
C. Rosehill, the discoverer of Marcus Isl
and, came up for the purpose of making
arrangements here to expioint the guano
deposit on Marcus Island.
S. W. Wilcox and H. A. ("Mona")
"Wideman were also passengers.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda arrived yesterday
from Honolulu with 238 passen
gers and a large and valuable
Goodall, Perkins & Co. ' .
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad and Nav Co.
Br bark Socotra, Hardle, Melbourne; J J
Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 7.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas.
Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, Bowens Land
ing.
¦ Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, WalviK, Rocknort.
Stmr Luella, Oleen, San Pedro.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Seattle. /
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Areo, Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Ladysmith.
Bark St Katherine, Saunders, Hilo.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega..
Sehr John G North, Seastrom, Port Gamble.
Schr Emma Claudina, Mikkelson, Eureka.
. SPOKEN. ' ( •
Feb 15. lat 42 S. Ion 113 W— Br ship Ley
land Brothers, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Feb 9. lat 23 S, - Ion 126 W— Br ship Wis
combe Park, hence Jan 16, for Queenstown.
March 27, lat 43 S, ion 60 W— Br ship Monk
barns, from Liverpool, for San Francisco;
April 12. lat 25 S, Ion 42 W— Br ship Clav
erdon, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
April 19, lat 2 S. Ion 20 W— Nor bark Ollva,
from Oregon, • for QueenBtown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Hyades — Left in port at Kahului
April 26 Br bark Antlope, discharging.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 7, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind W, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed in May 7— Stmr Rain
ier, hence May 4, for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 7 — Stmrs Ruth
and Aberdeen, from Redondo.
Sailed May 7 — Schr F S Redfleld. for Port
Townsend; stmrs Samoa. Fulton and Prentlss,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 7— Schr Chas R
Wilson, hence May 2; Br stmr Ventnor, hence
May 4. . .
Sailed May 7 — Stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 7— Schr Mary
E Foster, for Honolulu.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 7—
Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood.
REDONDO— Sailed May 7— Stmrs Despatch
and George Loomis, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed «May, 7— Schr J
D Tallant, from Port Blakeley, for San Fran
cisco; echr Mary E Foster, from Port Gamble,
for Honolulu.
WHATCOM — Arrived May 7 — Ital ship Ca
r.ara, from Manila. •
SEATTLE — Sailed May 6 — Stmr Farallon,
for Skaeway.
CRESCENT CITY — Sailed May 7— Stmr
Mandalay, for San Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed May 7— Schrs Corinthian
and Mayflower, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 7— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka.
Sailed May 7 — Stmr Alliance, for Portland.
' TACOMA — Arrived May 7 — Schr David
Evans, from Salinas Cruz.' , :
• ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived April 26 — Bark Ed
ward May, hence April 10. April 27 — Bark
Pactolus, from Newcastle, Aus. May 28 — U S
stmr Wheeling, from San Diego. April 29 — U
S stmr Crook, hence April 21; stmr China,
hence April 23: bark Haydn Brown, from
Newcastle. April 30 — Schr Transit, from New
castle; stmr Alaskan, hence May 21.
. Sailed April 24 — Bark Ceylon, for Laysan
Steamer. From. - • Due.
Mardalay.... Coqullle River May 8
G. Dollar. . . Fairhaven May 8
Albion River. Hadlock May 8
Edith Seattle .' ;........ Maj> 8
San Pedro.... Humboldt .•.."..... May 8
Phoenix. Mendocino City.... May 8
Despatch. . . . San Pedro May 8
R. Dollar Redondo May 8
Point Arena.. Point Arena May 8
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 8
Algoa.. Manila via Mojl May 8
Newport Panama & Way Ports.. May 8
Coronado.... San Pedro May 0
Rival Wlllapa Harbor May 0
Newburg Grays Harbor May 8
NorthFork.. Humboldt May 0
Tltanla. Nanaimo ...May 10
Santa Monica Humboldt May 10
Pieladrs Oyster Harbor May 10
Chehalis..... Grays Harbor May 10
Pomona Humboldt May 10
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria May 10
Peru China & Japan ........ May 10
Lakme..... .. Portland & Astoria .... May 10
G.C.Lindauer Grays Harbor May 11
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports. May 11
J. 8. Kimball Seattle A. Tacoma May 11
Euieka Humboldt May 12
Ventura 8ydney & Way Ports... May 12
Queen Puget Sound Ports May 12
Slate of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 12
Serapis Hamburg & Way Ports. May 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 15
Rainier Whatcom direct May lf>
Bonita. Newport .fe Way Ports. May 15
Coptic China & "Japan May 17
Umatilla..... P«gct Sound Ports..... May 17
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports. . May 19
ROTTERDAM — Arrived May 7 — Stmr Pots
dam, from New York.
HONGKONG — Arrived May 7— Stmr Athen
ian and stmr Empress of Japan, from Van
couver; stmr Duke of Fife, from Tacoma.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 7— Stmr Philadel
phia, for Southampton; stmr Majestic, for
Liverpool:' stmr Friesland. for Antwerp.
HAVRE — Arrived May 7 — Stmr La Savoie,
from New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed May 7— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 7— Stmr Teutonic,
for New York; stmr Westernland, for Phila
delphia.
USHANT — Passed May 7 — Stmr Pembroke
shire, from Portland. Or.
VLADIVOSTOK— Sailed May 7— Stmr Clev
erlnr, for Tacoma. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HULL— Arrived May 5— Br bark Lady Went
worth, hence Jan 10.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 4— Br atmr Kai
fow, from Tacoma. May 5— -Ger ship Bertha,
from New York, for San Francisco.
LADYSMITH— Arrived May 7— Stmr ,St
Paul, from Unalaska,
ST LUCIA — Arrived May 0 — Stmr Nevadan,
from New York-, for San Francisco, and was to
sail on May 7 for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Sailed May 2 — Dutch
ship Europa, for San Francisco; ship Hawaiian
Isles, for Honolulu.' May 3 — Ship John A
Brings, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived May 6— Br stmr Mq
yune, from Liverpool.
ANTWERP— In port Anrll 25— Ger skip
Chrlstel, for Port Los Angeles and Oregon, to
sail about May 20; Br bark Ventura, for Port
Los Angeles and Oregon; Br ship Invemess
shtre and Br 3hip Galena, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed May 6 — Stmr City Of
Peking, for San Francisco.
MIDDLESBOROUGH— Sailed May 5— Ger
bark Werra, fur Honolulu. -
' DUBLIN— Arrived May 5— Br ship Scottish
Isles, hence Dec 31. ¦ . »
FALMOUTH— Arrived May e— Br bark In
veramsay. hence Jan 14; Br ship Afon Alaw,
hence Dec 21.
HAMBURG — Arrived May 6 — Ger «hto El
frieda., hence Jan 4; Br ship Oweenee, from
Tacoma: Ger stmr Herodot, hence Jan 22.
HIOGO — Arrived May 3 — Ger bark Prof
Koch, from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS,
NEW YORK — Arrived May 7 — Stmr Ha
walinn, from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT NEWS — Arrived May 6 — Stmr
Shawmut. for Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
REEDY ISLAND— Passed May 8— 8tmr Ha
waiian, from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
Island. April 24 — Ship Edward Sewall. for
New York. April 2!V— Bark Louisiana, for
Port Townsend. April 27 — Schr Matsoutoff,
for Manila. ' April 2S— U S stmr Albatross, for
cruise; ship Georsre Curtis, for San Francisco.
April 30 — Stmr China, for Yokohama.
HILO— Sailed April 24— Bark Amy Turner,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Aaril 22 — Bark Martha Davis, hence
April 2. April 23 — Ship Falls of Clyde, hence
MAHUKONA — Sailed April 24— Schr Otillle
Fjord, for San Francisco.
MAKAWELI— Sailed April 23— Bark "W B
Flint, for San Francisco. .
LAHAINA— Arrived April 19— Schr C II
Merchant, from Port Ludlow.
To sail about April 28— Schr C H Merchant,
for Port Townsend.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents.- Morton Special Delivery.
408 Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. '
Notice to Passengers.
Efforts' are being made, however, to keep
the matter as secret as possible because of the
opposition which has been stirred up abroad
and which might arise here in case the facts
were known In retard to the ownership of the
steamshfc? companies. . . ?
It U admitted In well-informed circles that
It la Dlanned to make the ocean lines feeders
to the largest railroad transportation companies
of the United States, so that It will be poss -
ble to control rates from the principal Interior
points of this country to leadlns European
centers.
Several lance' railroad companies, supposed
to be Eastern trunk lines, are represented in
the underwriting syndicate for $50,000,000,
which has Just been formed to jcuarantee the
success of the steamshlD deal, and these are
supposed to be the Pennsylvania, New York
Central. Erie, Reading and Baltimore and
Ohio, althoueh there ia some doubt whether all
of these will come In.
In resrard to the railroads, it should be said
that their Interest in the underwriting
does not necessarily lmsly that they have
officially subscribed as yet to the syndicate,
but subscriptions have been offered which are
Intended for them-, and those who have taken
them are agents for the railroads.
NEW YORK, May 7.— The Evening Post
says to-day that a dispatch to that paper
from London • to J the effect that some of
the large American railroads are to be
the principal owners of the steamship
combination was confirmed to-day In
trustworthy quarters. The Post says:
Transportation Companies
Are Anxious for Ocean
Feeders.
Eastern Railroads Aid
ing Morgan's New
Combine.
TRUNK LINES
IN SHIP DEAL
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. Pier.
~ May 8.
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
State Cal.. Ban Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier It
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
San Jose... Panama & Way... la m I'MSS
May O.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Despatch... Seattle &Falrhaven 5 pm Pier 10
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
Eureka.... HumboMt 9 amiPier 1J
Nip. Maru. China & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
Nekc...... Hamburg- & Way.. 12 m S. W. 2
May 1O.
Mardalay. . Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Wtstport.. Bear Harbor | 6 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. , 10 am Pier 2
BtnleK... Golofhln Bay-Teller Pier Its
Rival. Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier . 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
May 11.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
May 12. ,
Pomona Humboldt ......... 1 :30 p Pier »
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier 2
May 13.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
• , May 14.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier It
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Lakmc. . . . • Astoria ¦ & Portland Pier —
May 15.
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 16
. ' . - May 1O. .
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 17. | .
Peru China & Japan 1 pmPMSS
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul Pier 20
¦. May 18. . .
Alliance... Portland & Way ...Pier —
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 7, 1902. . .
The steamer Umatilla, which sailed Tuesday
for Victoria, carried a general cargo consigned
to the principal British Columbian ports, valued
at ?7752. The cargo included the following
merchandise and produce : 40,305 lbs malt,
10,797 lbs dried fruit, 955 lbs cheese, 966 lbs
butter, (3529 lbs beans, 810 lbs nuts, 1 124 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 10 ,cs canned goods,
10 cs honey, 20 cs syrup, 10 crts onions, 25 cs
blackberry brandy, 131 pkgs fresh vegetables,
389 pkgs fresh fruits, 20 cs and 168 gals wine,
264 gals cocoa oil, 4 bales twine, 430 lbs starch,
7 pkgs machinery, 8 cs paint, 17 cs arms and
ammunition. 25 pkgs paper, 20 bxs paste, 8
pkgs windmills, 300 tins matches, 13 cyls gas,
8 cs baking powder.
Exports to British Columbia.
NfcWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British bark Procyon is chartered for
wheat to Europe at 27s 6d, prior to arrival.
Returns to Duty.
Captain John Leale, commander of the ferry
steamer Bay City, has returned to duty after
two weeks' vacation.
Captain Brown of the Pacific Mail service
will remain ashore for the next trip of the
San Jose. Captain W. G. Irwin will take his
place In command.
Changes Skippers.
Reinsurance on the American bark Yosemlte
was yesterday advanced to 45 per cent. Little
hope is expressed for her safety, but she is still
a better flak that was the Olivier de Clisson,
which arrived a few days ago.
Reinsurance Rates.
- The Panama Railroad Company's steamship
Leelanaw arrived yesterday from Panama with
about 2000 tons of ¦ cargo and one passenger.
The Leelanaw brought un the body of Rev.
Father Boyle of Los Angeles, who died at
Colon about a year ago.
Leelanaw Arrives.
The Toyo Klaen Kalsha Is contemplating a
reinforcement of its fleet engaged in the trade
between here and the Orient. The new vessels
are to be 560 feet long, C3 feet beam and 88
feet deep. They will be between 11,000 and
12.00& tons register, will be large carriers and
speedy travelers. Bids I have been received
from the Union Iron Works, Newport News
and several British ahlpbullding firms. The
contracts for at least two vessel* will be
awarded shortly.
New Japanese Steamers.
/The launching of the tug Sea Rover, built
by the F,ulton Engineering and Shipbuilding
Wcrks for the Shipowners' and Merchants'
Tugboat Company of San Francisco, was to
have taken place last night at 10:50 o'clock,
but owing to the conditions of the tide it was
found Inexpedient to attempt the launching.
The handsome steel tug, one of the finest ever
turned out on the Pacific Coast, may be launch
ed to-night or at an hour to-morrow when the
tide proves ' favorable. There was an Immense
crowd at the shipbuilding yards last night to
witness what would have been a most inter
esting ceremony.
Postpones Launching'.
W. A. Boole & Son will on Saturday after
noon at 4 o'clock launch the four-masted bark
entlne Makawell, which they have built for
Hind, Rolph & Co. The Makawell Is a sister
ship to the Koko Head of the Hind, Rolph
fleet. Admission to -the launching will be_by
Invitation. The " ceremony will be "quite a
function from a social point of view and - a
large and select attendance Is expected. Boole
& Son are building another and larger vessel
for Hind, Rolph & Co. The Koko Head and
Makaweli will carry 1,200,000 feet of lumber.
The Puako, as the larger vessel now in frame
will be named, will have a capacity for 1,600,
000 feet.
Twin to Koko Head.
Darby, Laydon & Co. were awarded the con
tract for such repiling and repairing at th/5
different wharves and Diers as can be done
with a. acow driver. Their bid for the work
was ?7S5.
streets. The matter was referred to the chief
engineer, with power to act.
THURSDAY. MAY 8.
Sun rises ."....5:00
Sun Bets .' .7:0(1
Moon sets ........; ....8:11 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time ~
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L. W H W L Wj H W
8 6:36—0.7 12:44 4.8 6:28 2.0 11:30 6.8
9 6:25—0.8 1:38 4.8 6:17 2.8
HW L,W HW LW
10 0:20 5.7 7:18—0.8 2:34 4.8 7:12 2 9
11 1:01 6.C 8:12—0.6 8:«0 4.8 8:19 So
12 2:10 6.1 9:10—0.8 4:2» 4.9 9:34 3.1
13 3:16 4.8 10:09 0.1 5:22 5.110:55 2.9
14 4:34 4.411:08 0.0 0:13 5.2
L W H W L W H W
15 0:00 2.5 5:55 4.3 12:04 0.0 7:02 6 5
Some Prefer the Oval
And colonial styles of picture frames In
gold, some admire the quaint shapes In
Flemish, old Dutch and "Ebony; but all
who have seen' our stock agree that we
have the prettiest, most varied- and most
reasonably priced . picture frames ever
seen in San Francisco. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. ¦ •
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln.the left
hand column and the successive - tides \ of the
day in the order of occurrence as to 1 time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tidei as
sometimes occurs. Tha heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
e:gn precedes the height, and then the number
CLEARED.
¦,'.'¦'. '.' " .* Wednesday, ' May 7.
1 Stmr • Curacao, '. Paulsen, '- Ouaymas and .way
ports; Goodall, Perkins & Co. . . . ,.. ;¦•-. ••
¦ Stmr ; Poraona, Shea, Eureka ; Goodall, Per
kins & Co:,.'/ ' . . - -.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Dlec-o.-
. « '¦--'Wednesday, May- 7.,
Stmr Brunswick, Dettmers, 36 hours from
San Pedro. . •; , ' •
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 15 hours from Point
Arena. • • • •..'¦¦¦.:•
/ Stmr Hyades, Garllch, 10 days from Hono
lulu, .via Kahulul.ll days. ;. .¦ ,. ,
Stmr Luella, Olsen, 10 hours from Caspar;
bound south : put In lor fireman. .
¦ Stmr . Arcata, • Nelson, ' 76 : hours from Cobs
.Bay.', ' . "- ' . . ' -¦¦-.-'¦:¦¦-¦'"¦' ¦ - .. .
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, 6 days 6V5 hours
from Honolulu. - ' ¦ < ' i
Stmr Areo, » Dunham, 30 hours from Port
Kenyon. ,' "'
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, C6 hours from
Victoria. •:. ¦..-¦¦" - :•¦'.;
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 28 hours from Eu
reka. ' - • ¦ ,
¦ Stmr . Westport, . Erlckson, 46% hours , from
Crescent City. • * -
Fr bark Salnte Anne, Rolller, 158 days from
Swansea. ¦ <}, ' ¦¦• ¦ ¦ -
Fr u bark Jacques, Michel, 116 days from
Glasgow. s - r
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . For. I Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. May 9
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 10
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
Al-Kl. .....;. Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Dlrigo..: 'Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 15
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. j May 20
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1902.
7
APVEBTISEMENTS. .
! B
The skin ought to be
clear ; there is nothing
strange in a beautiful face.
If we wash with proper
soap, the skin will be open
and clear, unless the
health is bad. A good
skin is better than a
doctor.
The soap to use is
Pears'; no free alkali in it.
Pears*, the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over the world.
AMUSEMENTS.
I FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Main 231.
AT THE ~~ FIDDLE
CLOSE OF DEE DEE
LAST NIGHT
The Entire Audience Stood Up and Demanded
an Encore for the Whole Company,
So Great Was the Enthusiasm.
THE FLORODORA SEXTET, THE ROSEY-
POSET GIRLS and above all KOLB, DILL and
BERNARD set the crowd wild with delight
and AMBER, COLEMAN, KELLAR, HOPE
and EMERSON all made their usual Individual
big: hits.
MATINEES. SATURDAY and SUNDAY. 25c
; Nleht Prices — 25c and 50c.
: Watch for the next sensation. Another that
will come like a, whirlwind.
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
DON T FAIL TO SEE
COL. EDWARD BEAUPRE,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
FIRST AMATEUR PERFORMANCE !
LADIES' HURDLE SACK RACE!
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
3:15 P. M. ;
SUNDAY, 2:30 P> M.
OAKLAND rs.iOS ANGELES.
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats, 5 Stockton tU
How to buy furniture
and carpets
without ready
IlivPIlW'V
. ' ¦¦ •'
o . ' ' i
We will loan you the money for a regular banking
rate of interest — six per cent. And you can pay us
back little by little in unfelt amounts. Then you can
go to one of the first-class furniture stores, with whom
we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
big and fresh and where satisfaction' is certain, and
when-you have made your selection you can pay your
bill in full with good, hard cash. -
. Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
.V. and being compelled to select your goods from smaller
and inferior stocks?
The installment stores charge you ten per cent
• above their cash prices when you ask for long credit.
All you pay us is six per cent.
• For example: If your purchases amount to $100.00
t we will charge you $106.00— which is a six per cent
advance; then you pay us $20.00 cash and the balance
in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month.
If your purchases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$7950; you make us a cash payment on this of $15.00
and pay the balance at the easy rate of $6.45 pe. r
You save four per cent. You have the great privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
by the installment houses!
No amount of money is too small for us to loan.
• Worth looking into, don't you think?
Goulds Sullivan & Go.,
(REMOVED TO) ,
... Room 1403 "Call" Bvilding,
Tel. John 2336. Corner Market and Third Sts.
PAINE'S CTiT.TiBY COMPOUND.
*-¦-¦¦¦ '.»¦¦¦¦ — , ~— , i ~--- w^,. , . .!.«>
Exhaastion of Nerre Force Is
Common in Springtime.
Paine's Celery
Compound
Banishes
Nervous Prostration, Hysteria,
and Sleeplessness.
Any intelligent man or woman can eas-
ily detect victims of. nervous troubles by
taking a ten-minute walk on any cf tha
crowded streets of our cities or towns.
The observer will note countenances full
of feverish anxiety, harassed looks, un-
steady - hands, faltering steps, twitching
muscles, pallid faces and startled, anxiouj
looks when unusual noises are made.
Such people are. without doubt, victims
of nervous prostration, hysteria or insom-
nia. The whole system suffers— the brain,
the spinal cord and the sympathetic sys-
tem.
It is unnecessary to dilate minutely on
the causes of nervousness. Business
cares and disappointments, haste after
riches and honors, social and household
worries, sexual and alcoholic excesses,
watching and anxiety and loss of near
and dear ones, all contribute to tha
breaking down of the nervous organism
of men and women.
In earnest words we set before this af-
flicted class the truth that Paine's Celery
Compound affords a speedy and sure cure
for all forms of nervous diseases. Tha
great medicine is a perfect restorer of
nerve force and power; a sure builder and
strengthener of the weak and debilitated
system. ' •
Paine's Celery Compound has enabled
thousands in every city and town of oxjr
land to renew and Invigorate their health
and keep their places in business and m
society. In all large centers where nerv-
ous diseases are common the best Phy-
sicians prescribe Paine's Celery Com-
pound with continued success.
A few bottles of nature's health re-
storer used during the month of May will
completely banish all nervous disorders
by giving new nerve force, purer blood,
better digestion, normal appetite and re-
freshing sleep. In a word. Paine's Celery
Compound will give you the full powers
of robust manhood and true womanhood.
MAWANn nVCC Orlsrlnal and only reliable.
UlA[n\Jl\U 1/ 1 LJ Beware of poor Imitations.
AUCTION!
VON RHEIN R, E. CO.
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
THURSDAY, Mf\Y 15th
12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP.
Cor. Geary and Laguna — 7 Superb
Lots, All Sunny.
137:8
— t
i *
* * 2
27:8 27:6 27:6 27:6 27:6
GEARY STREET.
PACIFIC AVE.— HOME OP JUDGE W. (i
VAN FLEET
27x127:6—2721 Pacinc. W of Scott: 12 roomi.
8 baths; hardwood floors; furnace, range, bil-
liard room, reception ball, etc.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
27:6x132:6 — 2914 California, sunny side, west
of Broderlck; 9 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.;
good yard.
COR. JONES AND FILBERT— RENTS $63.
41x70 — NE. cor. Jones and Filbert: 4 flats;
marine view; bank mortgage can remain; 990-
996 Filbert.
LEAVENWORTH. NR. ELLIS— Rents $57 50.
22xSS:6 — 310 and 312 Leavenworth. Fir ab-
solute certainty of advance in value no location
superior to this. I
21st-STREET FLATS— RENTS $30.
23x100 — 2932 and 2934 21st St.. N. line, east
of Treat ave.: each flat 5 rooms and bath.
S. W. COR, 17th and CHURCH.
100x100. with store and residenca improve-
ments — 3711 to 3717 Seventeenth st.. or wilt
sell corner, 55:6x100 and adjoining lot oa
Seventeenth St.. 44:6x100.
BUILDING LOTS— CASTRO AND 19th STS.
45x30 — West line of Castro. 30 feet N. of
19th, In 1 or 2 lots; also 43x75. N. line of
19th. "W. of Castro, In 1 or 2 lots.
TWO DIAMOND-STREET LOTS— BARGAIN.
Two lots, each 22x115, west line of Diamond,
310 feet 8. of Twenty-flrst street.
LARGE DOLORES-STREET LOT.
30:6x117:6 to an alley — Mission sunny belt:
east line of Dolores. 122 N. of Twenty-second.
Dolcres Is one of the widest streets In the city.
GEART-BTR-ET CORNER— RENT $34.
23x92—2295 Geary and 1316 to 20 Broderlck:
suitable for grocery; $3000 bank mortgage c «j»
remain,
HERE'S A BOSOM FRIEND!
It'a a pleasure, isn't It, when opening
your bundle from the laundry to find how
white and neat your shirts and collars
are? No saw edges; no tears; no holes
anywhere. "Well, we give you that pleas-
ure, every time. Our work la done to per-
fection. Can't be surpassed. Try us once.
Our charges lowest. Our service best.
UNITED STATES * LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54- San Pablo Ave,
DR. HALL'S RElNYIGORATOKSraESj
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five *2«^YJO
hundred reward for any case we EZm B*4)
cannot cure. Thi« secret rem-B > B
edy cures Emissions, Iznpotency, BBS BH
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, H^M rSffl
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man- LCLJ lioy
hooU and all other -wasting ef- JSSaLi}*:!
fecta of self-abuse or excesses. bfrT— < Etta
Sent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad,
way, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073 ft
Market st.. S. F. Send for free book.
• ¦nwmin *j _• Bis Qlit noa-pofomons
Jd*> < KgSj3i2&Wli5 remedy for Gonorrhoea,
4pyB&£lSP .._J~ a *©S?l Olo«t, Spermatorrhoea,
;5&lSr CURES >« Whites, nnmuttl dial
ftg-Bfta l «o S d»y«. \S charges, or any lnflammiw-
ffgfa nunatMd t* *• tlon. Irritation or ulcera-
g-4?reTiat«ai.j l oa. bnnea . Non-astringent.
KCTTHEEmNSCHIMICAtCO. sold by DrnreUU,
VfSjycinaxmi.O .Ks2 or sent In plain wmppor,
'•Sftsat U. B. A. JtSi by express, prepaid, for
A»l^«lw_-rf^W H-<». .or 3 bottles, tf.73.
< Vtur3fl^Pv 9^ ¦> Circular sent oa request.
Weekly Call.Sl.OOper Yea*
AUITSEMENTS.
Powell St.. near Market.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
&R- *£ C. MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN LlLIOTT
To-Xight. Friday and Saturday Nights.
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
Matinee Saturday— "An American Citizen."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DR£W,
In "THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
Ey Eobert Marshall, ttthcr cf "A Keyil family. '
SEATS NOW READT.
PRICFS g vc nintrs..f2. fl 50. SI. 75c. 50c. 25c
rftllEJ Matinees n 50. >l| 75c! 50c! 25c
COLOMBIA TBEATER-Extra
s thisIfternoon
IS AT
SInd. 1-30 <o the minute.
EXCEPTIONAL GAlTeNTERTAINMENT
In Aid of the
NEW
Given Under the Direction of the
ACTORS' FUND OF AMERICA.
THE PROGRAMME WELL INXLUDE:
X. C. GOODWIN. MAXINE ELLIOTT AND
COMPANY.
JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY,
EDWARD HARRIGAN AND THE GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY.
FEATURE ACTS FROM THE ORPHEUM,
ALCAZAR THEATER COMPANY
CENTRAL THEATER COMPANY.
SEATS NOW ON SALE
PRICES— $2. $1 50. $1, 80e.
|fA^^*^jg^^^^^?^rT*jP^S!^^~'y^*y^*^3'^^^^^^»^*^sS
DELIGHTING IMMENSE AUDIENCES.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
25c and 5Oc.
MR. JAMES NEILL and CO.
Prespntingr on a Grani Scale,
UNDER THE
RED^ROBE.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING.
Brorson Howards Powerful Comedy Drama,
ARISTOCRACY.
SEAT SALE THURSDAY.
ELITE VAUDEVILLE!
Miss Julia Heinrich; Raymond and
Caverly; Hilda Ttoxnas and Com-
pany; The Florenz Troupe; last
times of Hilton and Dollie Nobles;
The Brothers Hoste; the Five
ITosses; Louise Dresser and the
Wilton Brothers.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats ar.d Opera Chairs, 50c.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINFE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Funniest of AH Comedies,
MRS. PARTINGTON.
The Richest Play of Ita Kind.
GREAT SPECIALTIES. ETC.
First Appearance at This Theater of
WILL H. BRAY.
PROF. BOTHWELL BROWNE'S JUVENILE
RAGTIME FLORODORA SEXTET
All This Week — The Talk of the City.
tDIfCC Evenings 10c, iSc. 25c 35c. 50c
1UIVLJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "THE WORLD."
EVENINGS AT 8 EHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
"DO YOU FOLLOW ME?"
Alice Nellsen's Greatest Success,
THE
SINGING GIRL
Never Before In This City at These
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. BOc and 75c
Telephone — Bush 8.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PACKED LAST NIGHT TO SEE
America's Greatest Author-Actor.
ED\A//\RD HARRIGAN
In Mr. Harrison's Famous Play,
THE LEATHER PATCH.
A Whirlwind of Fun and an Avalanche of
Laucrhter.
Hear Dave Braham's Soncs: "Denny Gradj^e
Hack." "It Showered Again." "Bax-
ter Avenue" and "Put on Your
Bridal Veil."
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seata All Matinees. 25c.
NEXT WEEK. "REILLY AND THE 400."
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE BIG SCENIC PRODUCTION.
\Z T t if An American I
When the ™n
Heart Was Young.
PRICES — Evenings, 15c, 25c 33c DOc and
7.'c. Matinees — 15c. 25c, 35c and 50c all r»-
eervod.
Next Monday Xipht — Th«« Society Comedy,
LOST 2t HOURS.
P/if#rP Desirable location.
1 UlUvv unsurpassed cuisine,
j unequaled ser-
*5f|/l vice and modern
UHU conveniences are the
r t attributes that have
Hfnn/i made lllcse two ho *
UlUllU tels popular with
U t tourists and travel-
nnrPlC ers who visit San
II U I CIS Francisco.GOVERNMENT OFFICER WHO HE
ROICALLY SAVED CHINESE
WOMAN FROM DROWNING.
PROMINENT ACTRESSES WHO
WILL APPEAR AT THE BEN
EFIT THIS AFTERNOON.
Headquarters band and Companies P
and L. Seventh Infantry, left Portland,
Or., yesterday for this city, where they
will be permanently stationed. Two hun
dred unasslgned infantry recruits at the
Presidio have been transferred to the
ccast artillery and will be stationed at
Fort Baker and Alcatraz. Lieutenant O
B. Grimm and a detachment of enlisted
men of the signal corps have been ordered
from Fort McDowell to Manila.
News in Army Circles.
At the Chutes to-night the # main event,
after the vaudeville show, 'will ' be • the
performance by the amateurs. The fea
ture of the show will be a sack hurdle
race by ladies.
The Orpheum Is packed every night
and the songs of Julia Helnrich, the
eminent contralto, are applauded to the
echo. Her voice Is an exceptional one
in vaudeville. Raymond and Caverly
are eminently, amusing German come
dians, and the Brothers Hoste present. a
clown act. Hilda Thomas and Lou Hall
present an Interesting sketch, "The
Lone Star," and Milton and Dcllle
Nobles- raise rears of laughter from
their skit, "A Blue Grass Widow." The
•Florenz troupe of acrobats Is astound
ing, and Louise Dresser is Interesting in
her songs. The flve Nosses, instrumen
talists, are appearing for their last
times. Next week comes Lew Sully, the.
funmaker.
¦ • • ¦¦'¦ ¦••.-'...
¦*• '¦ x. • -' r •
score of volunteer entertainers from the
other theaters. The box sheet will be
ready next Tuesday morning at 9 o'clock
for the exchange of tickets for reserved
seats.
OAKLAND, May 7.— Manager Lavigrie
of the Acme Club will present one of his
strongest boxing programmes at the Ex
position buHdIng Friday night. The main
event wiH be a fifteen-round go ' between
Young Gibbs of Cleveland and Tim Mur
phy of Australia. Both combatants are in
prime condition and are expected to put
up an - interesting- fight. ; They will- enter
the ring weighing 155 pounds. - "
Bobby Johnson of San Francisco and
MIckie Welch of Alameda are booked to
go ten rounds at: 115 pounds. Caesar At
tel will meet Tommy Hart for six rounds
in' the preliminary event. 1 <
Acme Club Boxing 1 Bouts.
We have a larger and better trunk than
th«j $7 50 special offered last week. It is
made" of genuine basswood, brass trim
med, with two straps, two trays and
cloth faced, at 18 50. Also, a sole leather
suit case with shirt fold and steel frame
for $6 50. All trunks, valises and leather
f£S?V^ ter 7 d i & ee , of char * e - Sanborn.
vail & Co., 741 Market : street. - •
Trunks and Valises.
Captain James will look after football
and aquatic sports, while Mr. Hauser. will
have charge of track athletics. They
were appointed-, yesterday by W. B.
Hinchman, president of : the ' Pacific Asso
ciation-of the Amateur Athletic Union.
At the request of the chairman of the
Olympian games committee they have
been added -to the international commit
tee. These games, which will be held in
Chicago in 1904, will attract athletes from
all over the world. Congress/will be asked
for an appropriation of $500,000 to finance
the games. v . ¦. ,
George James, captain of the Olympic
Athletic • Club, and Herbert Hauser, sec
retary of the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union, have been highly
honored.-.'*; 7 - . . . /
CALIFORNIA ATHLETES
ARE HIGHLY HONORED
BAKERSFIELD, May 7.— Owing to the
inability, to secure a sufficient number of
pigeons, the live-bird shoot on May 9 for
cash prizes, announced by the Union Gun
Club of this place, will have to be modi
fied. Not more than 500 birds are avail
able, while 1500 are necessary for. the ful-*
flllment of the programme. The prizes
will be arranged accordingly.
Pigeons Are Scarce.
Jimmic Little put up a game battle
against Paul Martin, but was no match
for the French lad.' Martin knocked Lit
tle, down repeatedly In every round until
the police stopped proceedings in the
third.
Dan Barry was palpably fouled by Al
Young in the second round of their fight.
Referee Hayes gave the contest to Young
because he did not see the foul blow de
livered. The police stopped this bout also.
fcTed Landers entered the ring with
Otto Knoch. The latter was strong and
game, but was sent to the floor with a
right on the jaw that made him see stars'.
"Young" Wolff, an awkward boxer with
a stiff punch, raised a lump on "Chip"
Grant's eye and also enlarged his "beak."
Grant's seconds took pity on his unhappy
plight and threw a towel into the ring
as a token of defeat. ->• ; "¦-
Monte Attel, the youthful brother of
Abe, who gave Yanger a terrific battle
for featherweight honors, made Joe Reil
ly of Los Angeles look like a punching
bag for four rounds.
Jimmy Crowe and Billy O'Brien dis
played remarkable cleverness In their
four-round bout. They were evenly
matched, but Crowe showed better ring
generalship and won.
Fred Belango and Lew Powell swung
their fists like flails for four rounds. Both
were novices at the game of hit and get
away, but were willing. Belango had a
shade the better of the contest, but he
lacked strength. Powell was given the
decision for his aggressive work.
Sergeant of Police Bush stopped two
contests at the Ariel Rowing Club's box
ing exhibition last night in order to pre
vent serious injury of defeated men.
There were many knockdowns and knock
out?. •. •'.*>-.
Ariel Rowing Club Holds
an Exciting Boxing
Exhibition.
POLICE STOP
TWO CONTESTS
the splash and saw the woman in the
water. The air was chilly and the water
cold and as uninviting as the Brannan
street sewer can make it, and it was
thirty feet below where he stood on the
Nippon's upper deck.
Only stopping to discard his coat and
vest, Robb dived, grabbed the woman and
swam with her to a fender. Before he
reached it, however, the sewage-tainted
water, the cold and the exertion proved
too hard a combination and man and
woman would have drowned but for a
friendly line passed over the ship's side.
To this line Robb clung until Inspector
Clarke reached the scene in a boat and
pulled Chin Sue and her rescuer aboard.
The woman -*is supposed to be Insane.
She has threatened to commit suicide be
fore and only managed to make the at
tempt yesterday by shaking off the watch
that had been placed over her.
Robb, who has been an Inspector but a
few days served as a volunteer in the
Spanish- American war and gave up a po
sition as a machinist at Mare Island to ac
cept his present billet.
Surveyor of the Port Spear warmly com
mended the inspector for his gallantry
and as a mark of departmental apprecia
tion promoted him yesterday afternoon to
the rank of searcher. . .'¦¦ y..i'-,J-i:
This is not the first time a customs of
ficer has risked his life to save life. In
spector Frank McDonald jumped into the
bay after a drowning sailor one dark
night about eighteen months ago.
WILLIAM H. ROBB, a recently
appointed Custom-house in
spector, yesterday dived into
the bay from the side of the
steamship Nippon Maru and
' rescued Chin Sue, a Chinese
woman, who had jumped Into the water
with suicidal intent. . .
It was 5:30 o'clock In the morning when
Chin Sue, who was detained on board
awaiting deportation, rushed on deck,
climbed the rail and jumped overboard.
Robb, who was on guarding duty, heard
WARSHIP WILL
SALUTE CUBA
Brooklyn's Guns to
Boom in the Repub
lic's Honor.
BASEBALL NOTES.
Anderson leads the league in batting
with an average of more than 390.
It looks as though Oakland is raising
another crop of cripples. The season is
but a month old. yet Dunleavy and Mc-
Creedie are in the Hospital class.
, We have the cheery voice of Jack
O'Connell here this week, while Jim Mc-
Donald goes to the capital to give the
Senators a square deal in their uphill
struggle.
Rube Waddell blossomed out as a sec
ond baseman again yesterday and did
faultless work. Rube will turn umpire
after he has caught a game or two and
then he can retire on a pension.
The Angels failed to steal a single base
on old St. Peter. Perhaps Pete makes a
few unnecessary kicks sometimes, but he
is In the game when needed.
Dr. Mosklman was on the Oakland
bench and ready to so to it had his ser
vices been needed. The Doc is still unfit
to play ball and will need a couple of
•weeks in which to put himself right.
Hannivan hit a hot liner to Francks In
the ninth and Buck fumbled the ball and
then fell down. He recovered, but made
a bad throw to first and the scorer gave
Hannivan a bit. It was a hard chance
and the decision seems lust.
Hannivan was the only player in yes
terday's game to get more than one hit.
Not a single man made first base on an
error, something that does not happen
more than a couple of times In an entire
season. This is what a scientist would
call perfect ball tossing.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. May 7.— As an act of
courtesy to the Cuban 'Government, Sec
retary of the Navy Moody has ordered the
armored cruiser Brooklyn to proceed to
Havana and salute the flag of the repub
lic when it is hoisted over Moro Castle
on May 20. ]
When the ceremonies of turning over
the government to President Palma are
completed the cruiser will receive Gover
nor General Wood and his staff and will
sail out of Havana harbor. With her dis
appearance will go the last vestige of
American sovereignty over the Island.
The decision to send the Brooklyn was
reached after a conference between the
President, Secretary Moody and Secretary
Root. The assignment of the Brooklyn
is particularly felicitous, in view of her
participation in the battle of Santiago
which brought about Cuban freedom.
The Brooklyn will go to Cuba under
command of Captain C. M. Thomas. Some
consideration was given to the idea of
ordering the entire North Atlantic squad
ron to Havana, but the necessity of hav
ing ' Rear. Admiral Hinginson's command
meet the French battleship Gaulois pre
vented its adoption. It was suggested to
day that an officer of the grade of rear
admiral may be ordered to hoist his flag
on the Brooklyn, but it is not believed this
will be done. It Is expected that the War
Department will issue a statement in a
few days setting forth the programme of
evacuation.
_, , R. H. E.
Cincinnati :. . 3 12 4
Boston 7 8 2
Batteries— Currie and Bergen; Willis and
Klttridge. Umpires — Powell and Brown.
CINCINNATI. May 7.— Boston was lucky to
day and defeated Cincinnati. Magoon was or
dered to the bench in the fourth Inning for
talking back to Brown. Currla was given
wretched support. Attendance, 1000. The
score: ¦ •
¦-'- •¦:-: -:-\- R. h. e.
Chicago 4 6 1
New York - 0 2 8
Batteries— Taylor and Chance; Matthewson
and Bowman. Umpire — Emslie. •
CHICAGO, May 7.— The New Yorks were
blanked to-day in alight-hitting game. This
visitors' errors were costly and Matthewson,
helped the locals with a wild pitch, a balk and
one gift, all of which turned into runs. At
tendance, 2100. The score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 4 6 2
Brooklyn 3 -8 2
Batteries — Doheny and Zlmmer; Newton and
Ahearn. Umpire — O'Day.
PITTSBURG, May 7. — Newton forced the
first run in by giving. four bases on balls and
long. hits by Clark and Bransfleld scored the
others. Doheny pitched a good, steady game.
Attendance, 3000. The score:
_ NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, May 7.— Poor base running In
the ninth inning prevented St. Louis winning
out from Philadelphia to-day. Attendance,
1000. The score: -.'i'-'s- „>• !•¦>?
R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 ' 8 *, ¦•» -4
Philadelphia 3 9 jr',2
Batteries — Wycker and Ryan; White and
Dooln. Umpire — CantiUlon.
Boston 12 12 4
Washington 8 14. 8
Batteries — Young and , Criger ; Townsend and
Drill. . .
BOSTON, May 7. — Townsend's wlldness and
the visitors' miserable fielding lost the game
for Washington to-day. Young was batted
hard. Attendance, 3370. The score :
R. H. - E.
Chicago 5 0 4
Batteries — Strelt, Vasbinder and Bemls; Piatt
and Sullivan. . , .
CLEVELAND. May 7.— Strelt's wlldness and
Cleveland's poor base running gave Chicago the
victory. Bradley' s fielding was a feature. At
tendance, 18C3. The score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 9 2
Detroit .. 2 6 5
St. Louis 4 5 ,-'., 2
Batteries — Miller and McGulre; Harper and
Sugden.
DETROIT, May 7.— Miserable . support of
Miller's fine' pitching lost' the", game for De
troit. Miller scored both of Detroit's runa with
liis three-base hit to center. The St. Louis
team played a snappy, aggressive game. At
tendance, 3200. The score:
R. H. E.
; , PHILADELPHIA, May 7. — Hustings kept
Baltimore's hits scattered to-day and was ma
terially aided by brilliant fielding. The vis
itors had a batting rally in the last inning,
but a double play prevented them from tying
the Bcore. Attendance, 2354. The score:
- • R. H. E.
Baltimore 5 11 f 0
Philadelphia 6 f 14 1
. Batteries — McGlnnlty and Robinson; Hustings
and Powers. . ¦
Hustings, for the Winners, Keeps the
Hits Well Scattered and Is Aided
by Brilliant Fielding.
AMKRICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA TAKES A
GAME FROM BALTIMORE
The v annual" benefit' of San Francisco
Lodge. No. 3, B. P. O. Elks, takes place
at the " Grand '"Opera-house on '• Tuesday
evening, May 20, when a particularly in
teresting programme will . be • offered, the
talent including . Edward Harrigan and a
"Fid3le Dee Dee" Is "still turning, crowds
away from Fischer's ; Theater and is evi
dently In for; another month's run.. The
show Is kept up to the minute In the mat
ter of songs and jokes, and is, to begin
with, asL funny. as they make them. There
aas perhaps never before been produced
in San Francisco another piece ' that
comes ' as near as "Fiddle: Dee Dee" to
keeping an audience ; in a * continual roar
from the time the curtain goes up until
it falls on? the last act. -The players are
all first-class. -
"Mrs. Partington" is crowding the Cen
tral Theater with appreciative audiences
every \ evening. James Corrigan as the
celebrated mother of a famous son is
: fully up to the requirements of the role,
and is excellently supported In its lavish
hilarity by the Central, farceurs. James
Home as Ike Is.good, and Will- H. Bray,
th« latest addition -.to the company, made
a hit as the stammering deacon. The bill
for next week will .be - a thrilling melo
drama, "The World."
"When the Heart. Was" Young," the new
rural drama at the Alcazar Theater, will
give way next week to an amusing so
ciety comedy, new here, . by name "Lost
Twenty-four Hours." It is said to have
had a considerable success in New York.
The story deals with the customary mat
rimonial complications, handled in a new
and entertaining manner, and the fun is
of the fast and furious order The man
agement has a splendid treat In store for
its patrons, in the farce comedy hit, "The
Brixton Burglary," that has made good
in London and New York.
"The Leather Patch" at the Grand
Opera-house is making much fun for its
patrons. Mr. Harrigan as Jere McCarthy
is as funny a creation as was ever seen
on the local or any other stage. The
house company is filling in the broadly
farcical parts as If they had never done
anything else, and the whole performance
ia going with a snap and vim that could
not . be bettered. As an example of the
older comedies upon which' rests most of
the modern farce comedy, /'The Leather
Patch" should not be, missed. Not that
it is not- very much worth while for Its
own sake. "Reilly and the 400"/ will be
next week's bill.
The NelU company is giving "Under the
Red Robe" this week. It is not the best
thing in the / Neill repertoire, but has
drawn good houses in spite of that. Next
Sunday evening the company will produce
Bronson Howard's society drama, "Aris
tocracy," which made a very favorable
impression at the Baldwin some years
ago. Faversham Is said to have made
his first score in the part of the princely
villain, a role that will be played here by
Clifford Demps"ey, who Is acting the bad
man this season with much eclat. Mr.
Neill will play the amateur rich Callfor
nlan, whose struggles to g«t into society
cause all the trouble.
"The Singing Girl,'-' as given by the
clever company up at the Tivoll, is one of
the hits of the week and season. More
musical than "The Fortune Teller," and
with as much rollicking fun as "The Ser
enade," it bids fair to be of the record
makers at the popular opera-house. An
nie Myers and Edward Webb as the sing
ing girl and her brother are as clever
and tuneful a comedy couple as one could
desire, and Hartman is seen in a role that
shows him in very effective light. Fran
ces Graham looks stunning as the Count
ess, and sings the part sweetly, and Cun
ningham and Gordon contribute heavily
to the musical end of things. The opera
is handsomely staged,' and some of the
ensembles are worth going miles to hear.
Nat Goodwin and Maxine Elliott will
appear in "When We. Were Twenty-one"
at the Columbia Theater to-night, Friday
and Saturday nights. At the matinee on
Saturday, "An American Citizen" will be
presented.
The performance at the Columbia .The
ater will begin at 1:30 o'clock and con
tinue until after. 5 p. m. The programme
is such a long and varied one that there
will be no Intermissions and no encores.
The best the local theaters can. present
will be seen during the entertainment.
The Actors' Home opens on Staten Isl
and, New York, to-day. The dedicatory
exercises will begin at 3 o'clock. At that
hour in this " city Mr. Nobles will read
telegrams from Mayor Low, Joseph Jef
ferson and Al Hsyman, president of the
fui.d. -
Members of the profession, musicians,
the men behind the scenes and the man
agers have all willingly offered their
services free in- order that San Francisco
may contribute a sum of money that will
be commensurate with Its proverbial gen
erosity.
The following telegram was received by
Milton Nobles yesterday:
NEW YORK, May 7. 1902.
On the eve of the dedication of the Actors'
Home the president and officers of the fund
extend thanks to artists of San Francisco ben
efit and grateful greetings tr> audience and
press. Think It a noble enterprise. .
DANIEL FROHMAN.
JUDGING bv the- advance sale for
' this afternoon's benefit perform
ance in aid of the Actors' Home
fund, the Columbia Theater will be
crowded. Choice seats can only be
had at a premium. The excellence of the
programme and the cause In which the
entertainment is given have' had. a ten
dency to create a great deal of Interest in
the benefit.
LOS ANGELES, May 7.— Jeffries said
to-night that his position with reference
to meeting Fitzslmmons is the same as he
has held for the past three v/eeks. He ls
willing to meet the Cornlshman before the
club which offers the best inducements.
It is not likely he will agree to a contest
prior to July 4, as he will require fully
that much time in which to train. He and
his^brother Jack are doing some work at
the Jeffries' home place in this city.
Jeffries Is Willing.
Two-base hits — Hanni\-a.n, Devcreanx Cris
tall. Toman. Schmidt. Sacrfnee hits— 'Rellly.
Walters. First base on called balls Oft"
Schmidt 3. Left on bases — Oakland 2 Los
Angeles 4. Struck out— By Schmidt 4.' Hit
by pitcher — Anderson, Householder. Double
plays — Mahler to Francks to Streib (2). Passed
ball — Lohman. Time of game — 1:45. Umplra
— O'ConnelL
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles ..0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1
Base hits 1 0 1 0 O 1 1 0 1 5
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 2
Base hits 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 2 1
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. e ?. 0 1 0 0 2 0
Hannivan, If. 4 0 2 O 8 0 0
Raymer, 2b. 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Householder cf 2 1 0 0 S 0 0
Reilly. 3b 3 0 0 0 13 0
Anderton, c 2 0 1 0 2-1 1
Waddell. lb 2 0 0 0 10 0 0
S'.agle. rf 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Jones, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals ...26 1 5 0 *26 10 1
•Two out when winning run rras scored.
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf. 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Mohler, 2b 4 1 1 1 2 7 0
EtreJb. lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Lohnian. c 3 0.0 0 3 5 0
Devereaux, Sb 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Francks, e. if 3 0 0 0 6 5 O
Ciisull. If 5 0 1 0 0 0 0
Gorton, rf 3 0.0 0 3 0 0
Schmidt, p ...3 1 1 0 0 0 0
Totals 29 2 4 1 27 17 0
LOS AXGELE^.
. _ _ _rrr
OAKLAND.
McCreedie and Dunleavy were laid up
with slight injuries, so Cristall and Gor
ton were forced to watch the outfield for
stray high balls. Both delivered the
goods, and. strange to say, Walters, the
regular fielder, did not get a chance.
Schmidt pitched good ball throughout and
Lohman threw out every Angel who- had
the front to butt down in the direction of
the second pillow. Hannivan was a won
der both in the field and with the club.
The score:
If Hannivan had let Streib' s foul go, the
ending might have been different, it was
clearly a foul ball and Hannivan surely
knew that he did not have a chance to
throw a fast man like Mohler out at the
plate from an outfield fly. Then if he did
let it go, Oakland still had two chances
and it was dollars to doughnuts they
would have beat the southerners to it
anyhow.
Schmidt soaked the ball along the third
base line for two cushions and it set the
crowd wild. 'Walters laid down a pretty
bunt, which sent the smiling one to third.
Little Mohler dropped a contemptible little
single back of the mighty Hubs and the
score was aces up. Mohler immediately
pilfered second and took third on Ander
son's bad throw, the only error of the
game. Streib fouled to Hannivan in left
left and the tiny g-uardian of Oakland's
second sack was on the spot with the tally
which counted most.
The'eighth and halt 01 the ninth passed
•without incident or accident and the Im
patient fans did a hot toot to the exit,
saying there was nothing to it. It did
look bad for the commuters, but just then
the cads dropped, and Peter, who always
likes to dump the favorites, whispered
into Schmidt's ear and the pitcher seemed
to take the hunch.
Jones had the champs in the right place
until, the ninth. He only allowed two hits
and did not issue a single complimentary.
Not an error marred the play until Ander
son ma.de a bad throw in the linal set
io, and from a scientific point of view
the game would pass in the dark. Mohler,
Francks and Streib were there with the
usual double plays and Hannlvan was the
main guy in ieit territory, accepting no
less than eight chances, and none ot them
were easy.
Householder scored the only point for
the Angels in the seventh. He took one
of Schmidt's free passes, and while old
Peter was letting a ball glide through his
mitts landed at second. Anderson made
Morley's heart do a throbbing stunt with
a pretty drive to left rield, which put
Home kun Kddie over the last Jump.
It was an cld-time Garrison finish that
put Ewlng-s high art'talent on the sunny
elde of the 2 to 1 wind-up yesterday after
noon at the Oakland grounds. The game
could hardly be called fast, for if the
lightning express appeared on that Oak
land diamond it would look like a traction
engine going up hill. The finish was the
only part of the struggle which looked
good to the eyes of the critical observer.
It certainly was the goods.
He is . accompanied by his wife and
5-year-old son and by Clark Ball and Sol
dier Tom,\Wilson. Mr./ Ball, who is his
brother-in-law, having married Mrs. Fitz
simmons' sister, ls his manager. The sol
dier boy is his latest sparring partner.
Fitz is here to make a match with Jef
fries and will remain on the coast until
the fight takes place or until he finds he
and Jeffries cannot agree on a meeting.
This latter contingency seems remote, as
both men are, apparently, anxious for a
fight and no difficulty should .be experi
enced in bringing them together.
Little time will be lost, as Fitz ex
presses himself as being prepared to open
negotiations this morning. It is not . dif
ficulty to see he favors this city and the
prophets who have been saying' the
heavyweights -would meet here. early in
July are probably not for out of - line.
This city and Los are the only
two places on the coast which could pro
mote so big a fight on a paying basis. It
ls doubtful If the Southern California pro
moters can again be stirred up to the
point of offering a $30,000 purse.
Fitz's new sparring partner is a pictur
esque addition to the ranks of the boxers.
He is a private in the United States army
and is at present on a three months' fur
lough. He was to have gone to England
to fight a man selected from the English
army during coronation week. This fall
ing through, he accepted an invitation to
come "West with the Fitzslmmons party.
He weighs 212 pounds, but does not show
it. being trimly built.
Fitz's first evening in town was spent
quietly. He played a few games of pool
and made a frlnedly. call on Nat Goodwin,
the actor, in his dressing-room. He re
tired to his apartments in the Langham
at an early hour.
Robert Fitzslmmons, challenger for the
heavyweight boxing championship .of. the
world, arrived here yesterday from New
York, looking fresh and vigorous and the
picture of health. . .
Brings a Likely Looking Sol
dier Boy Who Will Box
With Him.
Not an Error Mars the Pl^y
Until the Last Excit
ing Round.
Garrison Finish of a
Hard-Fought Pitch
ers' Battle.
Championship.
Comes to Arrange Bout
• With JefiEries for the
Customs Inspector W. H. Robb Leaps Over Nippon Maru's
Side and Swims Through Sewage-Tainted Tide to
Frustrate the Suicidal Attempt of Miss Chin Sue
FITZSIMMONS
SEEKS A MATCH
OAKLAND WIHS
IN THE NINTH
DIVES INTO THE WATER
TO SAVE CHINESE WOMAN
Fourth race flve furlongs— Allan won. Barca
second. Ben Chalice third. Time 1-02& *
Fifth race, on« mile, selllng-lsa'n Andreas
Ttee. lSltf" 8 " eCOn<1 - **»**£>£vS£
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Clales
Time S "cond. Lizzie X third.
First race, selling, six and a half furlongs—
OW^won^ Staff second. Nels Morrts third.
Second race flve furlongs— Poor Boy won.
£™f • econd « Fl0Tti Hooper third. Tune!
Third race, six furlongs— Hands woo. South
Trimble second. South Elkhorn talrdL Time
Iil3. *
Fourth race, one mile and three-sixteenths—
Prince Blazes won, Ben Chance second. Major
Mansir third. Time. 2:14. J
Fifth -race, six furlongs — Haydon won Ami
rante second. Moderator third. Time, 1:23 3-5
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards— 1
Farmer Bennett won. Wallcenshaw second Dar
lene third. Time, 1:57 3-5. *
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May T.— Churchill Downs
results:
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Scorpio
won, Braw Lad second, Peace third. Time
1:15 2-5. -v •
Second race, six furlongs — Henry of Fransta
mar won. Big Injun second, Aaron third. Time.
First race, flve furlongs — Josette won. King
Dodo second, John C. King third. Time
1 :08 3-5. a
CHICAGO. May 7. — Worth results:
Slxth race, mils and a sixteenth, selling—
Sallnda won. Brewer Schorr second. Teagown
third. Time. 1:50%. *
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards
Schwalbe won, Brulare second. Glenwood third.
Time. 1:45.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Father
Wentker won. Our Lady second, Orleans third.
Time. 1:22%.-
. Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Zlrl won, Tenny Belle second, Hl-Kollar third-
Time. 1:08%. .'
Second race, six and a half furlongs, sell
ing — The Benedict won, Klllmandscharo sec
ond. Peter Duryea third. Time, 1:23.
First race, four furlongs — On the Quiet won.
Lady Churchill second. Sadie Mac third.
Time,' :U.
Third race, last four and a half furlongs.
Eclipse course — Mac-key Dwyer won. Plater aec~
ond. Or© Viva third. Time, 63lj.' -- •
¦ Fourth race, the Bouquet, flve furlongs, sell
ing — Sergeant won. Examiner second. Show
man third. Time. :5»%. -•>:•'-'
Fifth race, last seven furlongs of "Withers
mile — Lux Casta won. Sister Juliet second.
Busy Lady third. Time, 1:27%.
Sixth race. Withers mile, selling — Roysterer
won. Satire second, Marothen third. Time
1:42.
ST. LOUIS, May T. — Fair Grounds ran
mary:
First race, St. Nicholas hurdle, one mile and
a half, over six hurdles — Jim McGlbbon won.
Rowdy second. Semper Ira third. Time, 2:52.
Second race, handicap, the Eclipse course—
Gunfire won. Swift mas. second. Sombrero third.
Time. 1:10%.
NEW TORK. May 7.— Morris Park results:
SOMBRERO IS THJLttD
AT MORRIS PARK TRACK
Open stake, sixty-four entries — P. J. Hor
gan's Partial Eclipse vs. A. J. Ernst's Rich.
Argosy ; Chiarlnl Bros.' Jim Douglass vs. A.
Vanderwhite's Lear King; P. J. Horgan's
Musket vs. J. F. Rogers' Erebus; Chlarini
Eros.' White Hat vs. C. G. Whallon's Miss
SMrley; H. L. Mehany's Roxana vs. J. Sheri
dan's Forest Queen; Pasha Kennels' Regal At
tire vs. E. Ready's Full Moon; E. Geary's Lit
tle Jim vs. P. White's Red Pepper; P. SI.
Clarkson's Golden Garter vs. J. Sheridan's Tim
Murphy; C. G. Whallon's Joe Conlan vs. F. A.
McComb's Otto; F. B. Lande's Concord vs. E.
Geary's Fenii; J. L. Ross' Heirchel's Pride vs.
J. Horn's McHenry: J. Regan's Menlo Prtnca
vs. J. K»Uy's Governor Mac: A. R. Curtis'
Fly By Night vs. Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire;
P. M. Clarkscn's Prompto vs. T. Mailer's Bad
Boy; A. R. Curtis' Miranda vs. Pasha Kennels'
May Hempstead; D. Dillon's Challenger vs. H.
Bishop's Argyle; C. O. Peffcrson's Haphazard
vs. J. Connolly's New Moon; W. Johnson's Ar
ticulate vs. E. Sharstag's Crawford Lass; O.
Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. J. Morlarity*s Snapper
Garrison; Aeneid Kennels' Aeolus vs. J. F.
Rogers' Glaucun: J. Carroll's Cascade vs. J.
Kitchen's Honor Bright: P. M. Clarkson's
Flower of Gold vs. Sterl & Knowles' Olita;
Chlarini Bros.* Sempronlus vs. F. Jones' Ty
rono Prince: W. Creamer's Golden Age vs. F.
C. Mack's Delia M; F. A. McComb's Motto vs.
J. W. Fahey's October Lad; O. Zahl's O'Hara
vs. E. Geary's Fair Oaks; J. Seggerson's Gold
Hill vs. Yosemlto Kennels' Hose; W. C. de B.
Lopez's Pepita vs. TV. C. de B. Lopez' i
Jewess; A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald vs.
E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie: T. Jolly's LUtle
May vs. S. A£ Smith's Petronius; Kelly & Han.
ley's Fearful Ship vs. D. J. Hcaley's For Glory;
John Schotl's Sleighbella vs. J. Hurley's Sugar
Cane.
Special stake, thirty-two entries — E. Geary's
Ruby Sankey vs. A. R. Curtis' Narcissus; E.
Geary's Palo Alto vs. T. J. Cronln's Vandal;
F. Jones' Harlean Gladys vs. Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete; D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy
vs C..G "Whallon's Gilmore; G. Sharman's Sir
Pasha vs. J. L. Ross' Loyal Lad; C. O. Peter
son's Sliver Cloud vs. O. Zahl's Homer Boy;
Sterl & Knowles* Sleety Ml3t vs. P. Doyle 1 a
Liberator; J. L. Ross' Game Boy vs. H. H.
Gray's Rona: T. J. .Cronln's Tralee Boy vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist; A. R. Curtis'
Flying Fox vs. Sterl & Knowles* Cold Shivers;
Chiartn! Bros.' Dewdrop vs. A. R. Curtis' Lost
Chord; J. L. Ross' Fontenoy vs. Chiarlnl Bros."
Santonin; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells vs. A. R.
Curtis' Anchor; G. Sharman's Little Sister vs.
A. R. Curtis' Rector; E. Geary's America vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rocker; E. Geary's Roy
Hughie vs. E. Geary's Ireland.
Reserve atake, sixteen doss — M. Nealon's Pat
Freedom vs. S. Henderson's Trade Dollar; T.
Logan's Lord French vs. C. O. Peterson's Lady
Nelly; E. Bennett's Moseby vs. T. Meagher's
Loyalist; G. F. Rogers' Arbaces vs. T. Logan's
Miss Grizzle; A. R. Curtis* Medea vs. A. R.
Curtis' Dragon Fly; M. Nealon's Fred Freedom
vs. P. C. BHck's Yellowtall; II. Pechner's
Kearsarge va. R. A. Frtnk's Fiery Friend; J.
Tracey's Master Glenwocd vs. P. C. Bile It's
Advance Guard.
The entries In the special stake includes
such star performers as Palo Alto, Rec
tor, Narcissus, Vandal, Sacramento Boy,
Flying I'ox, America and Rocker. Th»
draw last night resulted as follows:
One hundred and twelve greyhounds In
three class stakes will make up the card
this week at Union Coursing Park.
and Sacramento Boy
Entered. »;'.r
Palo Alto, Rector, Vandal
One Hundred and Twelve
Dogs to Course at
Union Park.
CLASS STAKES
FOR GREYHOUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; MAT 8, 1902.
Entertainment in Aid of the Actors' Home Fund, Which
Will Be Held at the Columbia Theater This Afternoon,
Promises to. Net a Large Sum of Money "for the Cause
WELL-KNOWN ARTISTS
TO APPEAR AT BENEFIT
8
" CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
A car-load of; Call Superior
Atlases lias arrived : and they .
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All subscribers -to'.Tlie
Call. are entitled to a copy of ;
this great book at the prem-
ium rate of ; *1 ". 50. • Ont of
town subscribers desiring .a
copy of this; splendid prem-
ium yrlll be - supplied on : re-
ceipt of 91 BO. All mall
orders Trill,. be shipped by ex-
press : at subscriber's expense.
Eczema; Psoriasis, Salt
Rheum, Tetter and Acne
Belong to that class of "inflammatory and disfiguring skin eruptions that
cause more genuine bodily discomfort and worry than all other known
diseases. The impurities or sediments which collect in the system because
or poor digestion, inactive Kidneys and other organs of elimination are
taken nip by the blood, saturating the system with acid poisons and fluids
that ooze out through the glands and pores of the skin, producing an inde-
intq crusts and sores or little brown "with It for 25 years and tried many
and white scabs that drop off leavine* re ? aedie8 w itb no rood effects, but after
the jjU. tender and raw P The <& ttSXCr-'$£-&3tiF~-
of the poison may cause the skin to 313 W. Central St., Wichita, Kan.
crack and bleed, or give it a scaly, fishy appearance; again the eruptions may
consist of innumerable blackheads and pimples or hard, red bumps upon
the face. Purification oTthe blood is the only remedy for these vicious skin
diseases. Washes and powders can only hide for a time the glaring
•^S yTTN >"" "S 'blemishes. S. a S. eradicates all poisonous accuihu-
(Q* CO* (O* latxons » antidotes the Uric and other acids, and
iJ>5N fc^SS >^Y restoresthebloo <l to its- wonted purity, and stimulates
K^i/ Ky a . revitalizes th e sluggish organs, and the impuri-
1- li.' ¦ 1 • tles 'P ass off through the natural channels and
relieve the skin. S. S. S. is, the only guaranteed purely vegetable blood
purifier. It contains no Arsenic, Potash or other harmful mineral
Write us about your case and our physicians will advise without charsre
We have a handsomely illustrated book on skin'diseases, which will be sent
free to all who wish it. the swirr <!PFrtnr rn *« "Z. •
***** i.si'&LIiilC CO., Atlanta, Ga>
DiaEsiEHHHaaEBHaaBsaaaiiHnaHaaaaHaanHHnHHnHaiiaa:
[BE A MAN!
| iss**. Arouse Yourself, Feel the
| /^Siljjiil Spark of Life in Your
m /l /V^fv Nerves. Recover the
b ¦ trV^' ''x Power You Have Lost.
H /\ Would you not like to have your friends
S; 'V I \^3&*» P.SJP 1 to you as the V used to do and say
£! fPI' \ utaAi mPBsi There goes a strong man?" Do you not
m l&Vs. I Sf^ «5§P r lsh your eye to be so bright, your step so
S j*A "^>R>X\ [A\im*f. >S$» firm and y o , ur f0 "n so erect that men and
3 Jw^4*titS!^W{20&* W§? wom en will admire you and remark at
I y £ Ur u manly beari "s:? These are the
0 IS thoughts uppermost in the minds of mod-
53 J*k&&%® J Mi£sL ?£ ls as ? ? v ou caa be if y° u "will obey
B3 =** JBMWlM the appeal here made to you
IS liiilPy /§ ilsSir v Dru ? 3 have u been tried and Called.
« eSMP' 1 /# JS^gSr You know that; but Dr. McLaughlin's
m . / I 4pr Electric Belt cannot fail. It is Electricity,
1 oil with which to se't the machlner? n Jf " motlo" Tf 55?
S3 . — : —
I Dfi. M. C. McLavghlin 706 market st.
¦/<«,*«• - COR. ELUS.
g Office Hours, 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Never Sold by Agents or Drug Stores.The Board of Public Works- yesterday
submitted to the Board of Supervisors a
report and appraisements of sites avail
able for a new County Jail. The tract
adjoining the present jail property on the
east, 125.5 feet on Broadway by 137.5 on
Montgomery street, is appraised at $65,
000, the tract at the northwesterly corner
of Clav street and Brenham place, .77.5
by 75 feet. $83,000; the several lots on both
sides of Dunbar alley between Washing
ton and Merchant streets extending east
erly from the Hall of Justice. $166,000.
Sites for New County Jail.
Chief Surgeon . Edwin Bunnell of the
Emergency Hospital ' has filed a request
with the, Board of Supervisors for the ap
propriation of $12,220 as the expenses of
the emergency hospitals throughout the
city. Notwithstanding the increase in the
patients coming in, he only asks $1200 more
than appropriated last year. Dr. , Bun
nell also suggests the establishment of an
emergency hospital for the Potrero.dis
trict. Tills has long been an urgent need
and the doctor asks the board to seriously
consider it. The cost of such a structure
would probably reach 510,000.
Asks . for New Hospital.
Rosa Kleinhaupt, whose residence is at
334 Cumberland street, went to a dentist
a few days ago in the hope of receiving
relief from toothache. The dentist, find
ing that her teeth were in bad condition,
extracted twenty-six of them, since which
time Miss Kleinhaupt has suffered so se
verely as to ultimately become deranged.
Last night she was taken to the ' Emer
gency Hospital and placed in the ward
for the insane. Among other , hallucina
tions the woman imagines that she is an
actress and Is at intervals' violent.
Woman Becomes Insane.
"As an alternative' a':- new-: 3treet' sixty,
feef- wide * can be', constructed, leaving
Folsom : street a short : distance | southerly
from Bernal ;Park,. thence southeasterly
with 'a continuous rise of 8 per, cent to
the ridge summit'" at Bradford -..,; street,'
thence -southwesterly, to. a- re-entry : into,
Folsom street below; r*owhattan street.
Southerly, f roni the \ tunnel : or. from Pow
hattan. street 1 In the case 1 of the: highway,
project' to Cortlandr- 'avenue,' V f Folsom
street should be - widened . from : 39.5 ¦ to 60
feet. The length'of the new street would
"Folsom street is the direct line of ap
proach to the: southern, siope of Bernal
Heights, but by reason of the height of
the ridge which it -crosses and thesteep
gradients, on either side of the ridge sum
mit it is not available for through traffic
without, such modification of gradients as
would make a summit tunnel. necessary.
The roadway of the tunnel would have a
maximum elevation of 19.7 feet and thd
tunnel .length would be 1620 • feet. ' Its
south portal would- be 190 feet northerly
from Eugenia street and its north portal
390 feet northerly from-Rlpley street.' :-
City Engineer. . Grunsky has filed a
report with the .Board of Public
Works regarding. the most feasible plan
of securing direct communication between
the district south, of Bernal Heights and
the center of thecitji and the proposition
to extend Folsom street into that district
as one means .of -securing the desired ob
ject. The City Engineer recommends the
building of., a highway, from Folsom
street at BernaL, Park and running to
BradforQ' street and - Powhattan street,
because it will benefit | a large area. The
report says: - . ,
City Engin eer
Construction of New
Highway.
The San Francisco Lodge of the Theo
sophical Society will hold a meeting on
White Lotus day, next Thursday, at 8
o'clock p. m.. in Theosophic Hall, Odd
Fellows' building.
Theosophists to Hold Meeting.
Dr. Damkroeger belonged to the Ma
sonic fraternity and was a member of the
California Commandery, Knights Tem
plar, and also of San Francisco Consis
tory. In all the proceedings connected
with the Native Sons of the Golden West,
and the Foresters the doctor took an'
active part. /
The funeral services will be conducted
by Oriental Lodge, No. 144, F. and A. M.,
this afternoon at 2 o'clock. \ '.
Dr. Henry Damkroeger died somewhat
Buddenly at his home, 781 O'Farrell street,
Tuesday morning. The doctor had not
been very well for the last few months,
but there was no indication that 'death
was'near at hand.. Though only 37;yearg
of age, he had been actively engaged in
his profession for fourteen years and was
deemed one of th6 foremost, homeopathic
practitioners of the city.
Position Among City's Most
Skillful Physicians.
For Many Years He Held a Foremost
,be 3227; feet, or 14S0 feet longer than &
tunnel route between the two points. '
"Either project would benefit a lar^e
portion of the University Mound District
by widening Folsom street southerly, to
Union avenue. Union avenue westerly to
Ellsworth; Ellsworth southerly to a point
between Crescent avenue and Islais Creek,
from jvhich. point a new street would lead
to -Silver avenue at a point 'about., oppoaito
to Bowdoin', street.' The estimated cost oT.
the. tunnel project is 'S242.O0O. of .which
$207,400. Is for the building of the tunnel.
$12,400 for change : of • grades, damages to
property at tunnel approaches and widen
ing o£:Folticm .street, -and, $22,200 for eiv
gineerins;. ana ' contingencies. % The es:i
mated ¦ oost ¦ of, the highway, project is
$134,000." • ' . /
•VENTURA, May 7.— Jacob Bowersock,
a brakeman on local freight No. 1 23-1, was
killed in the Southern Pacific yards this
morning. Bowersock stepped '.between
two cars to .'break an air hose. "His
foot caught in the guard rail, throwing
him across the track and the wjieels
passed over his body. He. resided . In
Buena Vista, where a widow survives
him. . ' ! ¦•.'¦¦ •
Brakeman Loses His. Life.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 7.—
George Cram Cook, author and journal
ist, has been appointed an instructor in
the; department of English and will be
gin -his- duties at the commencement of
the next college year. \His literary work
comprises both verse: and prose, and the
larger part of it has been published In' the
leading weekly and monthly magazines.
. ' '¦¦ - .. • -?
Author to Teach at Stanford.
DR. H. DAMKROEGER DIES
[ SUDDENLY AT HIS HOME
VIENNA; ! May 7.'-It was learned here
to-day that the facts of the reported ar
rest at Trieste of. four : sailors from the
United States cruiser Chicago for alleged
disorderly conduct in a cafe are as fol
lows: Last Sunday; evening four sailors
from, the Chicago were baited by a crowd
of Mivlllans while ashore at Trieste. The
police interfered and arrested one of the
civilians.. The Chief' of Police at Trieste
says that the. conduct of the American
sailors ashore was above reproach.
American Sailors Not to Blame
BUTTE, Mont., May 7.— The hoisting
engineers of the Amalgamated Copper
Mining Company's mines have declared
their strike off. The men failed to obtain
the support of the Stationary Engineers'
Union_and of the Silver Bow Traaes and
Labor Assembly and this is supposed t>j
have influenced' their action. The strik
ers, twenty-eight in number, demanded
an increase In' wages and being refused
walked out. tying up nine of the blgge3t
copper mines inButte, and throwing sev
eral thousand men out of "employment.
Engineers Declare a Strike Off.
On March 4, 1901, Mrs. Emily Martin, sn
aged woman, was found dead in her bed.
Finger marks upon her throat showeJ
that she had been strangled. The state
ment of one Campbell that Wheelock had
on the previous' night made threat*
against the old woman led to Wheelock'3
arrest. A boy named Dausey testified
at the trial thathe had seen Wheelock go
to the home'of Mrs. Martin on the night
of the murder. Other evidence pointed to
him as the murderer.
Wheelbck comes of a well-to-do New
York family. ¦
. OROVILLE, May 7.— Superior Judge
John C. Gray to-day sentenced James F.
Wheelock, who was convicted in May of
last year of the murder of Mrs. Emily
Martin of Magalia. to be hanged on June
13. .Wheelock was brought yesterday
from San Quentin, where he had been
confined pending an . appeal to the Su
preme Court. The latter lately affirmed
the» lower court's decision.
Judge Gray of Oroville Sentences th.3
Murderer of Aged Emily
Martin.
JAJEES WHEELOCK TO DIE
ON GALIOWS IN JUNE
A delightful programme was presented
at an "at home,"- given by Sligo Booth.
The ladles who contributed to the success
of Sligo's entertainment were: Mrs. J. R.
O'Connor, president; Mrs. J. Markey,
treasurer; Miss Tessie O'Connor, secre
tary; assistants — Mrs. J. May, Mrs. J.
Tosney, Mrs. Conaty. Mrs. Costello, Miss
Cassle O'Brien, Miss Lena O'Brien, Miss
Tessie Xeedham, Miss May Tosney, Miss
Mag-gie Curran. Miss Quigley. Miss May
O'Connor, Messrs. J. Lydon, R. O'Connor,
J. May, T. Marlowe. Lawrence Boland,
John Tosney. James Tosney. *
Several thousand people vistted Mechan
ics' Pavilion last night to view the in
numerable attractions of the ' Irish Fair
and to listen to the delightful entertain
ment given by the Catholic Truth Society
and Sligo booth. Every feature, of the
great exhibition was liberally patronized.
Musical selections were rendered by the
Misses Welch, while the pupils of Pro
fessor O'Brien's dancing academy and
Arnold Grazer gave exhibitions of fancy
dancing.
tertainment of Sligo Booth and
Catholic Truth Society.
VISITORS TO THE IRISH
FAIR THRONG PAVILION
Several Thousand People Enjoy En-
Chum Keong, a Chinese, was convicted
of murder in the first degree by a jury
in- Judge Cook's court yesterday and will
be sentenced Saturday. On the afternoon
of February 11 he shot and killed Chin
Ging at the corner of Washington and
Dupont streets because, he alleged. Chin
GIng had stolen his wife and money.
When the case was called before Judge
Slogan for preliminary hearing' the de
fendant wanted to plead guilty and be
hanged at once, as he had been revenged.
Convicted of Murder.
Carl Sawvell, E. B. Sawvell, A. E. Pal
mer, C. A. Meyers and M. F. Rafael are
the directors of the Automatic Advertise
ing Company, which . was incorporated
yesterday, with a capital stock of $100,000.
The Pennsylvania Lumber Company
was incorporated yesterday for $300,000.
The directors, each of whom has sub
scribed $200, are D.'.G. Curtis, J. M. Be
mis, C. H. Holbrook, c. A. Shurtleff and
E D. Bullard. ¦ ¦•' • •
New Incorporations.
The case of W. E. O'Donnell, charged
with an assault upon Thomas Garrett,
•was continued before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday. J. J. Morris and H. B. Stewart
were examined, and as another witness
v.-eb not present, the case of William C.
Butts, charged with the same offense,
was called. Garrett and A. W. Louder
back testified, but nothing was brought
out to implicate the defendant. Both
cases were then continued till Saturday.
Garrett's Alleged Assailants.
The hearing on the other two charges
against the three male defendants will be
held to-morrdw morning.
Kittie Nihill, one of the defendants, .tes
tified that about 11 o'clock that night
King and Hamilton came to the house at
835 Howard street with the trunk. It was
locked and they forced it open with a
"jimmy." King took out a toilet case
and gave it to her. Barker and his wife
came into the room when the trunk was
opened.
Policeman H. P. Braig testified to hav
ing had a conversation with King,' who
said that Barker was with him and Ham
ilton when the trunk was stolen and re
mained outside on the lookout.
The preliminary examination of Joseph
King, the convict preacher; Harry Ham
ilton, Thomas Barker arid Kittie Nihill on
a charge of burglary for entering the
rooms of the Women's Christian Temper
ance Union at 132 McAllister street and
stealing a trunk and contents belonging
to Miss Elizabeth E. Shepherd was .begun
yesterday. Mrs. Alice E. . Bradley and
Mrs. Dorcas J. Spencer, members of the
union, testified to- King having called at
the rooms on the afternoon of the burg
lary and" asking for mail. He remained
about .five minutes. That night it was
discovered* that the trunk was missing.
Damaging Testimony Given in Bufg-
lary Charge for Stealing Miss
Shepherd's Trunk..
The President also is directed to have
<harbors constructed at both ends of, the
canal, and he is given authority "to em
ploy such agencies and obtain such ad
vice as he shall find necessary." Author
ity is given to the President to determine
the terms on which foreign countries may
use the canal. The aggregate cost of the
canal is fixed at $180,000,000, and $10,000,000
is appropriated for the beginning of the
work. ..%'.'
WASHINGTON, May .7.— Senator Hoar
t6-day! introduced a new isthmian canal
bill, leaving to the President' the selection
of a route. The bill is brief, merely pro
viding that "it shall be the duty of th3
President of the United States, as soon
£3 the same can economically and con
veniently be done, to. cause to be exca
vated and constructed a canal of such
depth and capacity as wil! be sufficient
for the movement of ships of the greatest
tonnage and draft now in use, and such
as may be reasonably anticipated, from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, by such route
as may be selected by him, having satis
fied himself *crf the right of the United
States to construct and protect such
canal." . . .
for Construction of the
Isthmian Canal.
Senator Hoar Introduces a New Bill
GIVES TO PBESIDENT v-:
SELECTION OF BOUTE
KING AND ASSOCIATES
FIGHTING EACH OTHEB
As is usual in case of desertion, a re
ward has been offered for the apprehen
sion of the men.
Admiral Glass denied, the story "In
toto" as far as the apprentices were con
cerned, but admitted that some time on
Tuesday night three of the men attached
to the Pensacola, v named Charles Byerly,
a painter; G. J. Clark and C. E. Potts,
landsmen, had stolen one of the ship's
boats and escaped in her. to Oakland, ty
ing her up at the mole, where she was
discovered uninjured by men sent out on
a launch from Goat Island to look for her.
'A report took shape yesterday that five
of -the apprentices attached to the Naval
College at Goat Island had escaped to
Oakland the night before in a boat ftfter
having cut the telegraph"*and telephone
wires. ¦ . ¦ ' i '
Make Their Escape to
Oakland Mole.
Take One of Pensacola's Boats aud
THBEE MEN DESEBT
FBOM GOAT ISLAND
Floor — Richard J. Cllne (manager), Ed J.
Crowley, Joseph Simmons, Charles Squire,
T-herman . Aupell, James Foley, Louis G. Trie
bel, H. G. Leffman, A. R. Farless, John Glen
nan and Arthur F. Lundberg.
Reception — Phil Baumgarten. M. H. Wilkens,
John J. Davis, Joseph W. Ledden. Bert A.
Badt, Clarence A. Son, C. A. Hunter. James
Brown, M. J. Sheehan, Elmer Scheu. E. Fitz
gerald, Thomas Kerrigan, Percy L. Badt and
Frank B. Sutton.
Harry Lenox, Charles P. Marion; Cyril Black
burn. George Appell; Major Timothy Tapley,
Julian Kraimer; Uncle Moses Mulvey, H. G.
Leffman; Solomon, Ed J. Crowley; Captain
Warren, Jack Laurence; Jenison, Joseph Sim
mons; Mabel Meredith. Miss Lucille Frank;
Lottie Evans, Miss Evelyn F. Sullivan; Mrs.
Moses Mulvey, Miss Emma White.
The committees In charge of the affair
were: -
A large crowd enjoyed the entertain
ment and dance given by Army and Navy
Parlor No. 207, N. S. G. W., last night at
Native Sons' Hall. "The Spy of Gettys
burg," a military drama, under the direc
tion of H. G. Leffman, was well present
ed. Following is the cast: .
Enjoyed by Large Crowd at
Golden Gate Hall.
Excellent Entertainment and a Dance
"SPY OF GETTYSBUBG" GIVEN
BY ABMY AND NAVY PABLOB
MANILA, May 7.— Senor Valdez,. sditor of
Mian, as a result of a second libel suit brousrht
against him by Benito Legardo, the Filipino
member of the United States Commission, has
been sentenced to six months' banishment.
PARIS, May 7.— W. K. Vanderbilt'a
Flash was third in the race for the
Prix de Plaiser at St. Cloud to-day. -'
LONDON*, May 7.— Cariblr.e won the
Chester cup (handicap of 2550 sovereigns
for three-year-olds and upward) at the
Chester meeting to-day. St. Aldegonda
was second and Sweet Sounds third. Six
teen horses ran.
Caribine Win3 the Chester Cup.
BUTTE, Mont., May 7.— A special to the
Miner from Billings, Mont., saya that
Raymond, the misfsing clerk of the Boul
der Hot Ssprings Hotel, who Is wanted
on the charge of robbing the safe of $1000,
was captured here to-day. Threa hun
dred dollars with all the stolen jewelry
was found on his person.
Officer^ Capture Missing Clerk.
- -Dr; "Bacigalupi; autopsy. surgeon for the
Coroner,. testified that the cause of death
was fracture of the skull and that the
fracture might have been caused by a fall
or. by a blow with a -blunt- instrument.
•The jury returned a veidict-to the effect
that death was "due to a blow inflicted
by the hand of a person unknown, with
evidence strongly pointing toward the
guilt of one McFadden, but- we, the jury,
upon the evidence submitted in this case,
do not feel justified in charging said
McFadden with the crime of murder."
At the inquest yesterday in the case of.
Charles Tucker, a septuagenarian, " who
was found dead April 28 at 829. Howard
street, evidence was Introduced. to show
that Tucker, had $45 with him shortly be
fore the dead body -was discovered and
that he had been in company with J. Mc-
Fadden, who at the time had no money.
It was further, shown .that when McFaa
den returned -¦ . to Mrs!: Smith's saloon,
where he was in the habit of hanging out,
he had a new suit of clothes, pair of shoes
and a hat and exhibited some gold coins.
Was the Victim of a
Drunk Boiler.
Belief That Aged Charles Tucker
Each of them gushed for from five to
ten minutes and flow*ed steadily and co
piously.y One of the wells was m block
36 in the southeast of the field, two wero
in block 38 in the famous Hogg-Swayne
tract and one was in block 23 in the north
east part . of the field. The first-named
well is equipped with compressed air and
a small quantity of that was used to agi
tate the oil. One other was "bailed in"
In the regulation manner and the other
two "came in" without bailing or agitat
ing-
BEAUMONT, Tex., May 7.— In order to
disprove some of the .sensational stories
which have gained circulation to the ef
fect that all the gushers of Spindlctop
have ceased to gush, several oil men went
to the field this afternoon and gave a
public exhibition of the gushing power
of four wells.
SPINDLETOP GUSHEBS
GIVE , ABUNDANT OH,
SOME EVIDENCE TENDING
\ -TO IMPLICATE McFADDEN
The constructive movement aims to secure
such a following- as will compel political man
ager? to take up thes« questions of water, land
and co-operation and acslfit in the upbuilding
of the State by means of great public policies.
The movement is turning out to be unexpect
edly 6trong in all parts of the State and among
all classes of people. Its leaders are very 6an
guine that the questions it is presenting will
beccme leading issues in politics this year, and
that they will be able to secure an important
following in the Legislature. They are work
ing on non-partisan lines,' but at the proper
time wBl give their Indorsement to candidates
pledged to these measures.
The Constructive League asks for the sub
mission of a constitutional amendment to per
mit the State to make a practical .experiment
in colonization aJong New Zealand lines.
The Constructive League demands the com
plete abolition of private monopoly In water.
It favors a comprehensive system of public
works, built by state and nation, the. water
X» be cistributed under .State administration.
There is every reason to believe the ;jiatlon
wfU lend its assistance, not only In making
preliminary investigations for .such a system
of public works, but also in building storage
reservoirs upon the headwaters of navigable
Ftreams. It can legitimclely do ..this as a part
of our established policy of river control. Thus
¦we shall get help from the national treasury
la creating works upon the principal rivers of
the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys. But
we cannot depend upon this source alone. The
v.ork that the nation may be willing to ! do
must be supplemented by a State system' of
construction and administration.
William E. Smythe. president of tha
Constructive League, addressed the Unity
Ciub at Golden Gate Hall last evening on
"The Building of California," and ox
plained the issues which the organization
is endeavoring to bring to the attention
of the public and especially of the politi
cal parties. He said :
Argues for Public Ownership of Wa
ter Works and Colonization of
Large Land Holdings.
W. E. SMTTHE ADDBESSES
MEMBEBS OF UNITY CLUB
Government Geologist Schrader has of
ficially reported that all the ore in sight
averages 9 per cent copper. Portions of
the ore body run 20 to 30 per cent in.cop
per. ' . ' . . .... .
Bea'tson and four others were prospect
ing on Prince William Sound in 1S97. Jn
dians told them there were extensive cop
per deposits on Latouche Island, and pi
loted them thither. They paid the Indians
$18 and staked claims covering the entire
ledges. Beatson's partners had no funds
for development, and gradually he bought
their interests. Altogether he has spent
nearly $75,000 In obtaining their shares
and driving two tunnels, which show im
mense bodies of copper ore.
TACOMA, May 7.— Though the property
is practically undeveloped, New York
men are willing to pay $1,000,000 for the
wonderful copper claims known as the
Big Bonanza group, on Latouche Island,
eighty miles_from Valdes. They have
made an offer of that sum through Mining
Engineer Gillette of Colorado, to A. K.
Beatson and Andrew Robertson, the own
ers of the property. Robertson is pro
prietor of the St. Andrew's Hotel, in New
York. He is traveling in Europe, -and
Beatson only awaits his consent to con
clude the sale. >¦; . :.
to a Copper Ledge Now Beap
Beward.
Men Who Paid Indians to Lead Them
THEIB EIGHTEEN DCLLABS
GROW INTO A MILLION
. The party started in the morning, and
before returning visited El Campo, Sau-
Ralito and other places. "Although the
bay was rough and the launch was
tossed by billows, not^ a member of the
party was seasick. This statement is
made by Manager Friedlander, ¦ who re
mained on shore. \
Master Machinist Simmons Jr. caught
some newly smoked herrings near Sausa
llto, and Mr. Fischer tried to follow his
example, but failed, as he forgot to buy
them before emharking. - E. Harry Hlm
ball, the theater's -electrician, -played
"captain" and " spoke learnedly ' about
currents; tides, compasses and other
nautical affairs. Stage Manager Wilker
son- looked after the liquids and dis
pensed refreshments with a lavish hand.
¦ Chaperoned by Mr. and Mrs.- Fischer,
the members of the "Fiddle Dee Dee"
company tried life on the ocean wave
yesterday and were compelled to hide
their sunburned faces under thick coat
ings of grease paint last night. The lun
makers, Barney Bernard, C. William
Kolb and Max M. Dill, were in the party
and told funny stories to keep the chorus
from becoming seasick. Maud Amber set
a shining example for the fair members
of the company to follow. She allowed
her little shoes to be filled with brine and
never lowered her .head during' the en
tire voyage. j / -
Members of the "Fiddle Dee Des"
Company Hold a Delight
ful Excursion.
THEATBICAL FOLK HAVE
A LAUNCH BIDE ON BAY
Millwrights' Union No. 765 met last
night and the subject of- -withdrawing
its delegate from the district council
was. discussed. The vote stood 15 in favor
of and 18 against the proposition. It was
decided to bring up the matter again at
the next meeting.
There was some trouble, on. the build
ings about town where the brotherhood
carpenters are employed It
was reported last night that ¦ the agents
of the Building -Trades Council had
called out all the mechanics who are af
filiated with the Council. This proved on
investigation to be exaggerated. Some
of the carpenters quit work, but the
number was insignificant. Nevertheless,
the situation is strained and trouble in
the near future Is. looked for. . .,
The Building Trades Council met last
night and concluded to keep up the fight
on the theory that its position was cor
rect. P. H. McCarthy stated that the
Council would never recede from the po
sition It has assumed, and he inti
mated that the Brotherhood would make
no trouble. He expresses gratification at
the fact that the Council has received
the indorsement of the master builders,
and says that with the support of the
builders the flght of the Council is prac
tically won. .
The "struggle between the Building
Trades' Council and the members of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners is still, on.. Both factions con
tinue to remain defiant, and little pros
pect of an amicable adjustment of the
controversy has thus far manifested it
self. . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
Factions in the Near Future
Is Looked For.
Serious Trouble Between the Warring
CABPENTEBS' FIGHT
BETffAINS UNSETTLED
Burton followed with a warm \ de
fense of the Government's policy in the
Philippines and became involved in a
heated colloquy with Rawlins of Utah be
cause he had denounced some of Rawlins'
statements as false.
Burton of Kansas vigorously arraigned
Tillman for his utterances. He asserted
that the Senator who could defend slav
ery anjfl government by the shotgun could
not be expected to think well of Senators
who were trying to carry good govern
ment to the Filipinos. He was astonished
that a. Senator in one breath should make
an appeal for unsullied government in the
Philippines and in the next boast of crimes
almost unparalleled in history.
While Tillman was speaking many of
the Democratic Senators left the cham
ber, his audience on the floor being large
ly on the Republican side./
"When we get ready to, put a nigger's
face in the sand," he shouted, "we put
his body there, too." He declared that
the people of the South never would sub
mit to negro domination and hoaed the
Republican' Senators ' would turn from
their "game of deviltry" in the Philip
pines and assist the South to rid, itself of
the threat of negro domination.
These remarks drew a sensational reply
from Tillman of South Carolina, who de
clared that It was. no longer possible to
sneer away the responsibility for the In
famfes committed by the Americans in the
Philippines. .He said. that if it had been
known in the South that the reinsof Gov
ernment were to be given to- the negroes,
the Civil AVar would have been prolonged
indefinitely: He insisted that in order to
maintain 'their self-respect the white peo
ple of the South had been obliged to sub
due the negro- by whatever means they
could, using the shotgun as one of the
means. He frankly described how the
negroes had been defeated- at the polls,
admitting that the whites had got just
such majorities as were necessary.
. WASHINGTON, May 7.— Discussion of
the Philippine bill in the .Senate took a
sensational turn ': to-day. McComas of
Maryland, referring to the alleged cruel
ties of American . soldiers in the Philip
pines — cruelties which he deeply deplored—
told of several which had occurr.ed. on
both sides during the .Civil War. In this
'connection,- -he suggested that . Senators
from the " States of South Carolina and
Mississippi; . "where there is less popular
liberty than in any others," were shouting
loudest for constitutional liberty in the
Philippines: : ";.' i"c ;:
- It is estimated that 20,000 persons
viewed the remains of Archbishop Cor
rigan in the cathedral to-night. More
than- 25,000 crowded the church between
11 in the morning and 5 o'clock in the
afternoon. «- #¦*-"
"The Holy Father, with great sor
row, learns of the death of the grand
Archbishop whom he hoped to see in
Rome very soon. His Holiness, who ap
preciates very highly the especial merit
of the dead prelate, expressed his sym
pathy from the depth of his heart for the
metropolitan church of New York, and
he prays God to give to the soul of the
great Archbishop the repose of the just,
and the premium of eternal glory."
¦ The Rev. Dr. Ferranti, Italian secre
tary to Archbishop Corrlgan, made public
to-night a cablegram which was re
ceived at the archiepiscopal residence
from Cardinal Rampolla, pontifical sec
retary of state at Rome, expressing the
sorrow of Pope Leo at the demise of
Mgr. Corrigan. The cablegram was ad
dressed to Dr. Ferranti, and Is as fol
lows: .
After the body was taken into the
cathedral a service was held, at which
absolution was pronounced. . Father La
velle, rector of the cathedral, requested
that no flowers be sent to the cathedral,
because the Archbishop was opposed to
flowers at funerals, and his views should
be respected. When the doors were
opened to the public lines were formed
by the police and everything possible
was done to give every one an opportun
ity to see the dead prelate's face the last
time. • ' ¦ •
NEW YORK, May 7.-rMasses for the
repose of the soul of Archbishop Cor
rigan were said this- morning at St.
Patrick's Cathedral and were- largely at
tended.;. Later the body. x o£ the Arch
bishop .was carried Into the cathedral and
placed at the end of the center aisle
and just; in front of the altar. The head
was placed toward the altar, and was
elevated, so that the mourners could see
the face of the dead prelate half way
down the aisle. ' ¦ „
¦ At the time there were thousands of
persons grouped about the cathedral
awaiting the hour when the doors would
be opened so they, might have an oppor
tunity-to pay a last tribute of respect
to the Archbishop. The body was at
tired in. the. funeral robes. The musical
programme for the requiem mass con
tained selections from Mozart, Verdi and
Ambrose Thomas.
PLANS TO REACH
1 BEfflUL III
. Friday— Annual meeting of 'Alumni Associa
tion and election of . officers for next year, in
Mark Hopkins Institute: of.. Art, San Francisco
at 8 p. m. Annual exhibition of California
School of Design at Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, San Francisco,' at 8 p. m. :
Wednesday — Alumni class meeting in rooms
In North and South halls, at 0 a. m. Alumni
luncheon In Hearst Hall,, at 1 p. m. Public
lecture by M. Hughes Le Roux In students'
observatory, at 3:30 p. m., on ."Zola a-tll Peint
un Cote General de THumanlte ou un Aspect
Particulier de la Soclete Francaise?" Meeting
of the Prytanean Society in the Kappa Alpha
Theta house, 2420 College way, at 4 p. m.
Thursday — Public lecture by M. Hughes Le
Roux in students' observatory, at 3:30 p. m.,
on "Tendances des 1 Jeunes Romanclers."
Tuesday — Annual public meeting of the Phi
Beta Kappa in Hearst Hall, at 3:30 p. m..
and oration by Professor Martin Kellogg and
poem by Professor Isaac Fla gg.. Public lec
ture by M. Hughes Le Roux In students' ob
servatory, at 3:30 p. m., on "Maupassant
Comme Peintre de l'lnstinct de la Race." Den
tal alumni, banquet in San Francisco, at 6:30
p. rn. Banquet to graduating class of the Col
lege of Pharmacy by the faculty and alumni
In San Francisco, at 8 p. m.
Monday — Meeting • of the Graduate Council,
Academic Council and academic faculties to
recommend degrees and elect 'deans for- the
coming year, in 13 South Hall, at 10 a. m. An
nual Regents' meeting at Berkeley in 13 South
Hall, at 3 p. m. • Public lecture by M. Hughes
Le.Roux in students' observatory, at 3:30 p.
m., on "Daudet, Comme Peintre de la. France
Provinciate du Midi." Annual meeting of the
Philosophical Union In Philosophy building, at
7:45 p. m., with papers on the general subject,
"Justice and Immortality," as follows: "Jus
tice Vindicated," Dr. E. C. Mo^re; "Morality
and Immortality," Professor George Holmes
Howlson.
Saturday — Public v and' final' examination of
Miss Alice Robertson for the degree of Ph.D.,
in 22. Souths Hall, at 10 a. m. Public lecture
by M. Hughes Le Roux In the . students' ob
servatory, at 3:30 p. m.. on "Flaubert Comme
Peintre 'de la France du Nord." Presenta
tion of Sophocles' "Antigone" by members, of
the Stanford University In Harmon gymna
sium, at'. 8' p. m. ; admission to students or
teachers or pupils in the schools, 35 cents; to
others, 75 and 60 cents. ' •
THE IMP0B.TA2TT EVENTS.
Friday", M*y 9^-Publlc lecture by M. Hughes
Le Roux, In ¦ the students' observatory, at 3 :30
p; m., on "Le Roman Contemporaln est-11 Une
Petnture. Exacte de'la'Soclete Francaise?" .'."¦
On Tuesday, alumni day, the members
of the graduating . class : will be enter
tained by Mrs. Hearst at a garden party
at her home. Hacienda del Pozo de Ver
ona, in Pleasanton. A special train will
take them from the 'Oakland mole at 11
o'clock. An- alumni reception and class
reunions will be held in the evening in
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, San
Francisco. %
On Wednesday, commencement day, the
graduating class will form in front of the
library at 10 a. m. under the- direction' of
Ihe-various deans. At 10:10 the procession
will move to Harmon gymnasium, where
the commencement exercises , will begin
at 10:30 o'clock. The principal ceremony
will be the presentation of diplomas to
tho graduates. At 8 ;30 pj m. President
and Mrs. Wheeler will give a farewell
reception to the graduates in Hearst Hall.
Numerous other events will occur be
fore college closes. Those of importance
are as follows: ' ¦¦¦ •
The class day extravaganza, in which
all of the seniors will take part, will be
given in Ben Weed's, amphitheater, com
mencing at 2 o'clock. Tne extravaganza
was written by Miss . Lila McKinne, a
senior, and is a parody on the opera
"Robin Hood." The senior . ball will be
held in Hearst Hall at 8:30 p. m. The ex
ercises of class day, with the exception
of the ball, will be open to the public.
South Hall. Winfleld Dorn; North Hall, Miss
Mary Jewett and Monroe E. Deutsch; library.
President Wheeler and J. M. Eshelman; me
chanics' building, I. B. Rhodes; engineering
building, Frank Baird; Hearst Hall, Miss
Grace Woods; chemistry building, D. Finley
and J. Newfleld.
CLASS SPEAKERS.
g Monday, May 12, will be class day. The
seniors will meet under the oaks on the
lower campus at. 9 a. m., where for half
an hour a band concert will be given.
Speeches will be made by C. T. Dozier,
president of the 'senior class; G. C.
Brown, president of the junior class, and
J. R. Carter,, a senior. The class pil
grimage—a farewell journey to each of
the college halls, will - then be | begun.
Speeches will be made at the different
buildings as follows:
Rev. C. R. Brown of the First Congre
gational Church of Oakland will' preach
the baccalaureate sermon in the. Presby
terian church on Allston way and Ells
worth street at 3 p. m. next Sunday.
. BERKELEY, May 7.— Next Saturday
will be the beginning of the end in the
college lives of the seniors at the Uni
versity of California. All worry over
studies and examinations will have been
passed, and a few days will be given to
merry-making— to dances, banquets and
receptions; then will come the -farewells,
and nearly 300 young men and .women will
leave the , college halls to face the world
with their sheepskins..' ' . ...', . ;.
¦ Saturday, night the senior women will
hold "high jinks" in Hearst Hall, where
they will " dance among themselves' and
indulge in other thrilling and distinctly
feminine pastimes., Some of the co-eds
started to call the "high jinks", a "dove"
dance, but they were ordered to desist
by their sisters.; "Dove" dance sounded
too mild, so "high jinks" it will be and
nothing else. On the same evening the
senior men will banquet 1.'. San Francisco.
The Imperial Foreign Minister was con
fident the . Delegations would approve of
this since the step accorded with th*?
wishes expressed in both the United
States and Austria-Hungary.
"The enormous rise and daily growing
Importance of the United States, from the
standpoint of imperial policy, in addition
to our growing interests in America, in
connection with our many subjects resi-.
dent there, show it la no longer advisable
to delay elevating the rank of our rep
resentative at Washington to equality
with the representatives of the other
great powers." /. •
"Our unvarying and friendly under
standing with the Russian Empire con
cerning events In the near East is con
ducive to the continued maintenance of
order and tranquillity in these regions."
He remarked that since the last session
of the Delegations, the general political
situation had in no way undergone any
material* change. He paid a high, tribute
to the Austro-Hungarian forces employed
in the- Chinese expedition, and referred
to the necessity ¦ for increased expendi
ture for the artillery, for improving the
naval stations, and for an "indispensable
increase In the personnel of the fleet and
construction of ships."
The addres'sea of the Delegations allud
ed to the continued preservation of peace
and the increased prestige of the dual
monarchy in the councils of Europe aa
"largely . due to the veneration in which
the Emperor-King is held by all." and
promised full consideration of the in
creased demands for the army and of tht»
expenditure required for the development
of the internal Industry and agriculture,
arid for fostering foreign trade relations,
bo as to enable Austria-Hungary to com
pete with the nations of the world.
Subsequent to the meeting of the Del
egates, Count Goluchowski, the Austro-
Hungarian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
In his opening address, said:
This was the most Interesting passage,
from a general International viewpoint,
in the reply of Emperor Francis Joseph
to the address of the delegations of Aus
tria-Hungary at the reception held at the
castle this morning at Budapest. The
Emperor also made a brief but inv
portant reference to the Balkan sitnatlon,
saying:
BUDAPEST, May 7.-"As in the past,
so In the future, the constant endeavor of
my Government will be directed to fos
tering close relations with our allies, a3
well as feelings of confidence with all
other powers, thus contributing to the
maintenance and consolidation of Euro
pean peace."
From another source it was learned that
Chairman Thomas of the Erie, and Presi
dent Oliphant of the Delaware and Hud
son were unyielding in their determina
tion not to grant any of the miners' de
mands, while President Truesdale of the
Delaware, Lackawanna and Western was
disposed to make some concessions. The
attitude of President Baer and the other
anthracite presidents was not stated.
"I would be glad to give some news, but
as I advised Mr. Mitchell not to talk, it
woujd not be politic for me to say any
thing in connection with the situation."
PHILADELPHIA, May • 7.— President
Baer, of the Philadelphia and Reading
Railroad; still refuses to break his silence
regarding the threatened struggle be
tween -the anthracite miners and opera
tors. In reply to questions as to what
was being done, if anything, to bring
about an agreement he said:
The comparatively early adjournment of
to-day's meeting has led to a general be
lief here that the miners are waiting for
something to turn up, despite the posi
tive statements of President Mitchell that
he knows of no mediatory move's.
Further than this nothing authoritative
could be learned of the proceedings. When
asked if anything had been heard from
the operators Mitchell said: ¦¦,
"I have heard nothing from the opera
tors. No concessions have been granted,
and I know nothing of any movement to
secure concessions."
When the meeting adjburned, President
Mitchell gave out the following . meager
and indefinite response to a request for
an account of what had been done:: '
"The committee is caA-assing the situ
ation very carefully. No decision has as
yet been reached. The^ committee will
meet again to-morrow at 10 o'clock."
SCRANTON, Pa., May 7.— The executive
boards,' of the United Mine .Workers o,f
America for the three districts compris
ing the anthracite coal region met-.here
this morning to consider the report . of
the special committee which had been in
conference with the presidents of- the
coal-carrying railroads, and to decide
whether the men are to remain at work
or go on strike for increased pay, a short
er day's work and an insistence that the
coal shall be weighed atthe mines. Ine
thirty- four miners' ¦. representatives were
in session all of to-day.
General Greely required bidders, before
the contract was awarded, to demon
strate their ability to transmit legible
records for two consecutive days at a
«1istance of sixty miles and before ac
ceptance-each separate system would be
required to - work satisfactorily for not
less than ten consecutive days, nor more
than twenty consecutive days. General
Greely expressed gratification at the
number of proposals received. He says
he will refer them to a board for exam
ination of the systems and a report.
The bids were received and opened in
accordance with a'n advertisement .issued
by General Greely, who Invited propos
als for "furnishing and installing a com
plete system of wireless telegraphy in
the Territory of- Alaska."
Five : proposals were . received, j and an
other from the Slaby-Arco Company is
on Its way. to Washington. * These ;• were
the bidders: Queen & Co. of Philadel
phia, for Professor Fessenden, who with
Professor- Moore has developed: a system
cf wireless telegraphy for the Weather
Bureau; Boote, Pierson & Co., of New
York; Marconi Company, of London,
England, which has a branch house in
America; American Wireless Telegraph
and Telephone Company, of Phlladel-r
phia; De Forest Wireless Telegraph Com
pany, of New York.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W. t WASHINGTON, May '7.— An object
lesson in the progress made by the world
in the development of wireless telegraphy
was furnished yesterday in the office of
Brigadier j General A. W. Greely, chief
signal officer of the army, where ¦ bids
for establishing a system in Alaska were
opened. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This and the function in the hall was
under the supervision of a committee of
Court Solano composed of F. W. Willis,
Charles Green, O. S. Cooper and Messrs.
Jewell, Lane, Cavanaugh, Coombs and
Edgcumbe.
The excursionists returned to the city
p.t 7:30 o'clock after having enjoyed a
pleasant day, a fine ride on the bay. and
:tll in all one of the most delightful bay
excursions that has ever been on the
waters of San Francisco in many a year.
By special permission the excursionists
were allowed to land at Mare Island
where they spent an hour examining the
drydock and the Government buildings.
All the speakers were loud- in their
praises of the beauty of California and
The generosity of its hospitality made
manifest on ail sides.
Two hundred and four of the officers
and members of the Supreme Court of
the Independent Order of Foresters were
the guests yesterday of the members of
fifteen local courts on an excursion on
the bay and to Vallejo and Mare Island.
The visitors and their lady relatives and
other Foresters and friends, about 700 in
all, left by the steamer Oakland and
reached Vallejo at 12:30* o'clock, having
en the way up run across a fishing seine
in Sa.n Pablo Bay. and was detained until
the obstruction was removed. At Val
lejo the visitors were received by the
members of Court Solano and extended a.
cordial welcome. The supreme officers
were assigned to carriages, and the
guests, the members of the San.Fran :
cisco Board of Deputy High Chief Ran
gers, High Chiel Kanger McElfresh,
High Secretary Perry and other officers
of the high court formed a procession and
marched to 1. O. O. F. Hall, where Court
Solano and companion Court Marguerite
had arranged a first-class collation with
covers for 260. Everv seat was occupied.
High Vice Chief Kanger Cooper of. Court
Solano presided. Mayor B. B. Lynon was
introduced and welcomed the visitors in
a short, pleasant address. In the ab
sence of Dr. Oronhyatekha, the supreme
chief ranger, who at the meeting in San
Francisco Tuesday night received the
keys of the city from Mayor Schmitz, and
had not been seen since, the response to
the Mayor's address was made by Su
preme Vice Chief Ranger Clark. He was
followed with addresses by High Chief
Ranger McElfresh, Supreme Secretary
McGilllvary, Supreme Medical Examiner
Thomas Millman and Deputy Duckworth,
who on behalf of Court Solano extended
the welcome of that body to all visitors.
There was also orchestral music, a vocal
solo by Mrs. Alma Delaney and an origi
nal song by a quartet.
Increase in Warships and
Army Development
Js Urged.
Cardinal Bampolla's Cable
gram From Pope Leo
.Js Made Public.
Burton of Kansas Arraigns
.the Southerner for His
Collation Is Served and In
teresting Speeches Are
Delivered.
at Number of Pro
Chief Signal Officer Pleased
Operators Give No Sign-Yet
of /Yielding to -the
Demands.
Begin at University
; on Saturday.
Farewell Festivities Are to
South Carolina Senator
Defends the Shotgun
Policy. *'-
Order for a Strike in
Pennsylvania Still
Withheld. WS&
Emperor Francis Joseph
Makes Reply to Dele- ..
gatioris.
College Life of Seniors
Comes to a Close
Body of Late Prelate Is
Viewed by Many
Thousands.
Delightful Trip to Vallejo
and Mare Island
Navy- Yard.
Bids for Alaska Wireless
Telegraphy Are
Opened.
TILLIN STORMS
AT THE NEGROES
AUSTRIA LEANS
ON HER ALLIES
MINERS AWAIT
CONCESSIONS
GREELY STIRS
THE INVENTORS
BAY EXCURSION
FOR FORESTERS
SAD THRONGS
PASS THE DEAD
MERRY-MAKING
TO END STUDIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSD AY, M AY 8, 1902.
MANILA, May 7. — The cholera statistics to
date are as follows: Provinces. ZSU cases
161)5 deaths; Manila, 821 cases; tib'G deaths. -•-
. Marshall Fountain Pens, $100. ._
, A. A. -Waterman Fountain 'Pens," $1.50.
' Waterman's Ideal ; fountain pens, from
$2 50 to $35 00 each. Sanborn; Vail & Co.,
741 Market street- . . -.-¦ ? •
From One to ¦ Thirty-Five.
Rev. Wiliam, Rader, will lecture at the
Park Congregational Church Thursday
evening. The subject will be "Uncle
Sam, or the Reign of the Common Peo
ple."
Rev William Bader to Lecture.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, May 7.— Licenses to marry
were issued ,,to-day .to John tF.^Osgood,
22, ; and Cruz'R. Sanchez, 30, both of- San
Francisco; Robert. B.: Reynolds, 29, San
Francisco, and Clara ; E. Miller, 25, Oak
land ;, Walter ;W.' Davis, over 21, Leadville,
Colo., and -Harriet jE. Kelley; sover 18.
Oakland; Benjamin 'F. Wilson. - 28. , and
Leila E.- Agnew,.24, both :. of * Berkeley;
John ;C.; Ellsworth. aver -21, and Jennie P.
Bonstell.over, IS.' both of 'Oakland; Alfred
Schindler, 30, and ,- Hilda ' Steinhart, ¦ '10,
both of San 1 Francisco. .
Charles Cavanaugh,- who was alleged to
have been a -game keeper -in the Royal
Club's ipoker parlors in the rear of the
Cafe Royal saloon, was givenya jury trial
last night before Judge Fritz.. He was
acquitted on the first ballot.,
Jury, Acquits Cavanaugh.
9
OBA?B.KTTTS.
P STEADY WORK
3r Good, Sustaining- Food.
a young- lad worked In his father's .bake
ehop during his vacation, and because of
his irregular meals began to lose flesh
rapidly. He tells of his recovery by being
put on the right kind of food.
"I had to work hard Immediately after
eating and usually ate just before going
to bed or else had to go without food for
too long a time, also had to eat whenever
I. could get a chance. All these things,
together with long hours of work, caused
dyspepsia. I concluded to change my
food.
"'Father jokingly remarked one day that
If I was too lazy to digest ray food I
might try Grape-Nuts, for that was al-
lesdy digested. I took the joke in earnest
and began using Grape-Nuts with a little
cream. This I lived on entirely with a
little fruit for some time. Gradually I
began to gain weight and finally lost the
distress in my stomach altogether. I dis-
covered I could work steadily without
that 'all gone' feeling as before. Now I
can eat almost anything- and feel fine.
"I have again entered school, but keep
on' eating Grape-Nuts because I feel
strong and my mind is so clear, and I
have ability to apply myself steadily to
my studies.
"Grape-Nuts has been a great blessing
to me and I am sure it has been to many
others, and I thank you for them and for-
myself." Name given by Posium Co.,
£attle Creek, Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Social Charm
In the pride of hospitality the
host says :" I sought the best
' and now always buy
Hunter
Baltimore Rye
M
rusuuh F° r Its uniform '
¦|t!r:HRTt . and refined
Sil^4tJ«wiJ«l>^; health, a corr.fcrt j
j CHRISTY * WISE COJmiSSIO* CO.. Inc..
; 2S3&Z5 California St..*anFrmnci»co.C*iifc
Telephone Main i. J.
t ' •¦•:¦;. - ¦
h visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
PUSEUM OF 'ARATOaYf
V fcff^ The Largest Anatomies! Museum in the 'f
Q '-JTB- ' World.. Weaknesses ut a:\y c.-.itrsi.teii A
7 racricS* «>«»*• P«»'«»» < - | ;'rar«»«lnytheolaesi \
' ffg ft4 B fcrwcixiir oa the Ccast. Esc. 36 years. Q
A /j^Wo CH. JORDAK-DiSEASES OF MEN Q
\ f^5"^^H CeiMulUtica Oee and st:ir:!y private. \
A M YiSf « Treatment p;r»on?lly or by U:ter. A Q
V 5} pr <?? fj i'Mto** Cure in every case undertaken. jy
A 3 ;,' Vl£) Write f>r nook. ?RILO.«(IPaY<ir A
y 3 It IJ-'S atURtAGS, 1IAIL3D FREE. ( A T
A .'-"Jj ' - /J. Mluable bock tor mi-n) - . • v
/ £>U. JUBDAS * CO.. 1051 ainrSe? St.S. f. VTALENTED YOUNG WOMAN WHO
WILL. APPEAR IN BENEFIT FOR
PLYMOUTH CHURCH.
r. Patrick Dunn, a" painter who, while at
tempting to board a Kentucky street car
near the Arctic Oir Works, April SO was
Sues United Railroads.
DEFENDANTS PLEAD GUILTT. — Earl
pumont and George Kelly were to be tried be
lore a jury In Judge Dunne's court yesterday
on a charge of grand larceny.. Dumont agreed
to plead guilty to the charge and Kelly to a
charge ofpetty larceny. Both pleas were ac
cepted. The prisoners stole a watch fron> John
Murphy, a soldier, who la now in Texas. The
wa f ch was found on Dumont when he was ar
rested. ¦ •
Is always happening in a poker game
two duces take the pot, etc.", '. etc. We
have; all theMatest- novelties In playing
cards, poker chips, counters, dice and the
cheapest line -of -• pretty tally cards
and prizes In 'the city. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.; r 741 Market" street, v \ «•
Some thin g . New
Transfers Byfield Tract.
., A deed. was recorded yesterday In'which
Albert vJ.'Raiach and his wife,* 1 Emma V.
Raisch'/ convey ; to ]. the ; Ci ty .', Realty Corn-
A warrant' was sworn out In Judge Mo
pan's court yesterday for the arrest - of
Captain Charles ' L. • Tilden. president of
the Overland .Transfer Company, on the
charge^ of obstructing- the street. It Is
claimed that the offices of the Company
on Davis street, between Clay and Wash-
, g t8 n ' are bullt on a. Portion of the side-
Obstructs the Street.
thrown to the ground and had his leg
*£»™ n ,» filed 8Uit y^terday to recover
$20,000 damages from the United Railroads
of San Francisco. He alleges that the
accident was due to : the carelessness of
the conductor and motorman.
: Cyril Williams, . expert - to ' the : Supervi
sors'; Finance Committee,' investigated j the
books Jof •• the ; public ! pound i yesterday^ at
the request of. Secretary ¦ Holbrook " of j the
Society^ for -.. the Prevention ¦ of Cruelty,; to
Animals. : He" found 'j no' . irregularities k in
the accounts, thus contradicting rumors
which ¦ were - recently .; circulated. .
Books Are Properly ' Kept.
Pythian Visitors.
H. W. Belding, imperial secretary of
the Imperial Temple of the Dramatic Or
der, Knights 'of Khorassan, the side de
gree of the Knights of Pythias, and C B.
Frase, treasurer of the same organization,
who are here on a visit in connection with
the session of that body during^ Pythian
week in this city; next August, were the
guests last evening, at a supper given in
their honor by Zerin Kapi Temple in one
of, the prominent" rotisseries.' There was
good fellowship and plenty of talk for the
good of the Imperial Temple by the visit
ors and members of the temple. ¦' '
pany, for the sum of $361,000, the Byfleld
tract,- near .the Affiliated Colleges. 1 recent
ly purchased from the Sutro estate by the
San Francisco Construction Company.
The. company has been ;. formed to grade
the property, and put it on. the market for
sale. ... -;,..;¦ '•-,-, ¦. . ¦ ,,¦ .;../.. .
Trial of Gray and McDonough.
Judge de Haven yesterday set next
Wednesday as the date for the trial of
Fred Gray, alias Woods, alias Frank
Hastings, and James McDonough. indicted
for conspiracy to make counterfeit money.
Hen upon the real property of the owner thereof
from and after 12 o'clock m. of * the first Mon
day of March of each year (as amended March
Chief Surgeon Bunnell submitted an es
timate yesterday of the expenditures nec
essary for, the emergency hospitals and
the Insane Detention Hospital. Salaries
will consume $31,620. and subsistence $9600,
a total of- $41,220. Bunnell also petitions
that an emergency hospital be built in
the Potrero district. '
Emergency Hospital Expenses.
The matter, it is said, may bring about
an international dispute between this
country and Japan.
The Island is valuable, owing to the
abundance of guano, and Peacock con
sidered that he had made a rich stake-
In the last few months a small army of
Japanese have landed on the island and
the Japs claim that they are the rightful
owners. They refuse to vacate the prop
erty, and it is stated , that Peacock will
try to eject the Japanese.
In the year 189S Peacock, with a number
of friends visited the island of Marcus
and hoisted the American flag on the
loftiest summit. After a few days spent
on the island, they returned to Honolulu
and Peacock considered that he as an
American citizen, was the rightful owner
of the island.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental Is
W. C. Peacock of Honolulu. He is very
secretive about his visit to this city, but
some of his friends state that he is here
to buy a ship, fcnitflt the vessel with pro
visions and ammunition and, take formal
possession of the island of Marcus, which
Is located In the Pacific Ocean between
the Hawaiian islands and Japan. '
The only way in which the corporation
may be compelled to meet its Just obli
gation to the State is for the Attorney
General to institute suit against it under
the section of the Political Code which
says that the taxes on personal property
ehall be a lien. on all real estate belong
ing to the owner, and the corporation has
other valuable real estate holdings. Sec
tion S717 of the Political Code provides
as follows:
Every tax flu* upon personal property 1b a
In 1S36 John D. Siebe, the then Assessor,
placed an assessment on Wells,' Fargro &
Co. amounting to $3,S5!> t 022 subdivided as
follows: Franchise $10,000, fixtures $5000.
tolvent credits $182,217, agency accounts
$3,012,036. money $475,585, bond $171,194, real
estate $1120, improvements $2000.
To secure the payment of. the taxes en
this assessment Wells, Fargo & Co. had a
piece of property on the northeast corner
of Pine and Broderick streets assessed
Jointly with the personal property belong
ing to the corporation. Its scheme has
become apparent through the alertness
of Assessor Dodge's deputies.
The corporation 'simply became delin
quent on its taxes and allowed the piece
of real estate assessed for $3120 to be sold
to the State on July '3, 1897. The law pro
vides that the Tax Collector shall give
the State a deed for land sold for delin
quent taxes in five years, or in this case
en July 3, 1S02. It would seem'then that
all the State will ever receive from Wells
Fargo & Co. is the real estate, as the
State cannot under the law sell the prop
erty for less than the amount of the
taxes due, and no one will offer more than
Its value.
There was uncovered in the Assessor's
office yesterday the tale, of how Wells,
Fargo & Co. evaded the payment of taxes
levied In 1806, amounting to more than
560:000. by the employment of a petty sub
terfuge. This consisted in securing the
payment • of personal property taxes
amounting to $64,807 by real estate which
was assessed at only 53120 and permitting
the same to be sold to the State in the
hope that the big corporation would es
cape paying the full amount of taxes
which it owed to the city, county and
State.
Causing Much Dis
cussion.
Island of Marcus Is
Wells - Fargo Company
Detected Practicing
Subterfuge.
AMERICAN FLAG
HOISTED FIRST
EVADES PAYMENT
OF STATE TAXES
Beta Sigma Dramatic Club
I and Orchestra will present a play,
I entitled "The Factory Girl," to-
JLL morrow evening at Sherman-Clay
Hall for the benefit of the Temple
"Workers of Plymouth Church. Elaborate
A benefit will.be given this evening for
the free bed at the ' Homeopathic Sani
tarium, 2110 Central avenue. ;The affair
will take place at Sherman, Clay>& Co.'s
Hall under the auspices of the Loving
Service Circle of King's Daughters. The
entertainment will be of a high-grade
vaudeville character, and some of the
well-known . participants will i be Miss
Jean Durell. Miss Pearl King/ Lloyd
Spencer and Miss .Helen Yolborn Heath.
The Deutscher Club holds a" lawn
party and May festival this evening , at
Golden Gate Hall. Elaborate prepara
tions have been made. The . invitations
mention that "a pretty souvenir wijl be
presented to the lady attired the most
tastily in alawn costume." -
.Announcement is made of the engage
ment of Miss Ariel Lome Heanan,
daughter of Mrs. M. L. Heanan, to Mr.
Henry A. Whitley. The wedding will
take place in the near future.
Mrs. Lizzie Hout celebrated the fourth
anniversary of her marriage on Tuesday
by giving a luncheon to a number, of
friends. • ¦ ~-
Miss Eleanor Davenport entertains a
number of friends at ping-pong this af
ternoon, complimentary to . Mrs. ¦ Frank
Richardson Wells. .
The acquaintance of the bride and
groom has been most romantic, as they
fell in love at first sight. Mr. Conness
was walking with Mr. Henton, when Miss
de Lorimier passed them, i Mr. Conness
turned to his friend -and said: "There is
the girl I'm going to marry if I am lucky
enough to get her." It is needless to say
that he made it a point to obtain an intro
duction to the object of -his admiration,
and finally won her for his bride.
Leland Stanford Conness, , '.son, of ex-
Senator John Conness, and a . nephew of
Captain Clark of the battleship Oregon,
married Miss Hattle Marie de Lorimier
last evening at St. Luke's Hospital. Mr.
Conness is in the employ of the telephone
company, but is at present a patient in
the hospital,, having fallen two stories
from a building at Twenty-flrst and Mis
sion streets last Tuesday. The victim of
the accident was pronounced in a critical
condition, having broken four ribs and
hurt- his left hip. All preparations had
been made for the wedding, which was to
have taken place next Saturday, and the
new home for the bride was quite in read
iness when the accident occurred. Al
though the patient is not out of danger,
every hope' is expressed for his recovery,
which may be materially hastened by his
new-founa happiness and the careful at
tention of his bride, who was until recent
ly a trained nurse at Lane Hospital. The
patient's ward was very prettily deco
rated in foliage and spring flowers. Rev.
Dr. -Turner performed the ceremony.
Tne only attendants were Mrs. : Lewis
Rothe. matron: of honor, and .W. D. S.
Henton, a close friend of the groom.
MARRIED WHILE
LYING INJURED
IN A HOSPITAL
Among those who will sustain char
acters are: Emil Kruschke, Sir Arthur
Lassel; Grace Gregory, Lady Valeria
Westendleige; Alan W. Dimond, Stephen
Plum; Chester P. Wagner,. Frederick
Plum; Eugene C. Fritz, Toby Twinkle;
Thomas Doyle, Harris. " *
The play affords many opportunities for
beautiful scenes. The first act concludes
with a wedding march and many pretty
effects are promised in the way of church
chimes, melodious peals of the organ and
chesrs of the awaiting factory hands. At
tractive gowns will be worn by the young
ladies taking part in the ballroom scene
of the second act.
arrangements are being made for the
event.
Miss Lurline Lyons, a charming young
lady, has been assigned the leading role,
that of Martha GIbbs, "the factory girl."
Alfred McKinnon will appear in the char
acter of Jasper Plum, a wealthy old cot
ton cpinner. Dollie Fritz in. her winning
manner will interpret the part of Lady
Leatherbreeze.
Elwood Clark, the 4-year-old son of F.
B. Clark, a machinist employed at the
Union Iron Works, was struck and in
stantly killed yesterday afternoon by a
Mission street electric car near the cross
ing of Twenty-eighth street. C. H. Vite,
motorman of the car, was subsequently
arrested on a charge of manslaughter,
and released on furnishing $50 cash bail.
When Mrs. Clark and an older child
left the family home at 31 Prospect place,
shortly after the noon hour to visit a
dentist, littlo Elwood was on the side
walk in the front of the house, playing
with several other children. The boy
soon tired of his companions and running
after a wagon followed it a short distance
along Mission street. He then started to
return to the sidewalk and did not notice
an inbound car which was rapidly ap
proaching from the direction of Twenty
ninth street. Motorman Vite applied the
brakes when he saw the'danger, but was
unable to bring the car to a stop before
it struck the unfortunate child and
knocked him down and under the wheels.
Death was instantaneous, the boy's skull
being horribly fractured.
Clark and his family came here from
Portland, Or., six months ago.
Horrible Death.
Four-Year-Old Elwood Clark Meets a
ELECTRIC CAB KILLS CHILE.
After the incident the. car was replaced
on the track and proceeded on its way
to the' power-house. The trouble was
probably due to the disarrangement of
the steering-gear, which failed to re
spond to the .motorman, and when the
car was well under way on the • incline
he was powerless to stop it. . ¦
The car, in charge of Motorman J. M. 1
Swope and Conductor John Dugan, was
crowded with laborers from the different
iron works in the Potrero district. As
it descended the grade near Connecticut
street Swope, in some manner, lost con
trol and the car Jumped the track. '1 he
windows were broken and the car was
generally* damaged. • ".'¦• \
Thomas Furlong of 456 Sixth street. was
violently thrown to the ground and was
badly cut about the scalp. William 'Wil
liams of 1232 Treat avenue, received nu
merous bruises about the head and body
and a fracture of the skull, which may
prove fatal. The others who were more
or less hurt were J. Redding, 1714 Doug
lass avenue; Mr. Prior, iiOl Cortland
avenue, and John Mitchell, 1541 Treat
avenue. All the injured were removed
to the City and County Hospital for
treatment.
A serious and maybe fatal . accident
occurred last 'night at 6 o'clock when car
1112 of the Sixteenth-street line jumped
the track while rapidly descending the
grade on Seventeenth street, near | Con
necticut. Three men were more or less
seriously injured and a number of oth
ers sustained a ; severe shake-up.
William Williams May Die
as a Result- of His
Injuries.
Motorman Loses Control
and Vehicle Plunges' —
-Down Grade.
Clever Members of Organization. Make Elaborate Arrange
ments for Producicnof "Th? Factoiy Gr." at Sherman-
Clay'f, 'or B?nefit of Plymou'h Church Temp e Workers
SIX MEN HURT
IN CAR WRECK
BETA SIGM A DRAMATIC
CLUB TO PRESENT PLAY
THE • SAX . 1TI! A^GIiSGG . CALL. THURSDAY, atAY 8, 1902.
10
HIGHLAHD SPRfflGS
ALWAYS OPEN.-
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH ROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowline Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses.-. Splendid Trips
In Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person In room, "small hotel". $10 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel". $1» per week
Ono person tn room, "couages" . . .$11 per week
Two persons 4n room, "cottages" . .$20 per week
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL" ••••
.V. $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL"...
.$20 and-$22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by. the month.
For illustrated pamphlets,* photographs and
¦analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery st., or write ; direct to
CRAIG & WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake
Co., Cal.
<S— ' ; ; ¦'• •- ' . ' — o
Bartlett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation usa-
ful as well as pleasant. After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous.
P.ide, drive, hunt, fish, bowl. : dance.
Bwim, bathe, walk over mountain paths,
amuse yourselves in hundreds of happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs. »
Bend for booklet. *
. * Call or Address •
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, Bartlett. Springs,
2 Sutter st., S. F. ¦ Lake Co., Cal.
Q O
ei is H n n r» HOT springs, sono-
SK mBtIiS ma COUNTY; only 4^
Vn/1tf(/U hours from San Fran-
cisco and but 0 miles*
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath In State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mill, express and San Francisco moraine and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: bcth morning and after-
roon stages; round trip from San Francisco
enly $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a.m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, . any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office. 121 Phelan bldg'.; Tourist Information
Bureau, lr Montgomery st. ; also at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, CaU . . /
ftyron J^ot Springs
CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL.— New
hotel open - May 1. All modern Improve-
ments and most perfect appointments. Fine
suites with mineral bath attached. These
wonderful waters and hot mineral and mud
baths cure Rheumatism and Malaria with-
out fall. Address MGR. LEWIS. ; Byron
Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard & Co.,
CC Geary st., city.. . /. '
a^ The aeaside resort of Central Californi*— |
¦ enlarged and improved— rates per day Ji and fl
J upwards— open Mayv 31st — fine orcheitra. I
i Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. For cnttajre.', I
I F. Reanier, Capitola, Cal. For general infor- I
1 mation, Peck's Information Bureau, II Mont- jj '
g. gomcry Street, San Francisco, Cal. - ¦_¦ ¦ ; •
ORCHARD SPRINGS 'SaSSS
In the FeoS.lU< cf th« Sierra XirUi. Mountain!, near Colfax, on
C. P. R. R., 136 milM from S»n rraaelien. »o nlMflDj ¦ Plain
qnlet retreat; ftneit icenery, w»t«r. mountain air. frnit and cftmat*
tn California. Ideal forest. e""mdl and •arrnnndlnn. f 3 a »etk
&nd for booklet. OBCHAKD SFRIN GS, Col&i, CaL '
L THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds I at Hoitt's
wn n"rt School will be open lo summer
A1ENLO -' guests during- June and July.
n-Dir Superior climate; excellent
*fAKI\«. table; reasonable prices.. Ad-
dresa IRA O. HOITT.
SEIGLER SPRINGS ||T |£tf!
ers unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stom-
ach, diseases. ~ Swimming, billiards, dancing; $8
to $12. week. Office, 117 Grant ave., or Seigler
Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell -Mountain: altitude 2000 feet; air
pure, and dry: delightful family resort; dally
mail; croquet; rec. bowline; social hall; splen-
did i camping grounds; $S per ' week. ¦ .Writs
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest ' fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coact. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and. $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per
wejk. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.,
or address EDSON BROS.. Beswick. Sisklyou
County. . Cal. . .¦ ¦ '
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
Near the . ocean. Fishing in only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI, Prop^;
Purisslma, San Mateo Co.. Cal.
CONGRESS SPRINGS. ...'¦;.
A charmlns /csort in the Santa Cruz Mts ;
2 hours from €an . Francisco; dellzhtful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on tho coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLNET. Manager. ¦
HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES,
San Mateo, Cal.. Is now under new manage-
ment. ., Everything . first class. Cuisine unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling alleys, ' billiards,
pool, ehuffleboard, lawn tennis, salt water bath-
Ing, -etc. Rates on application. WRENN' &
SPAULDING. Proprietors. » ' • .
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
"Two miles from -Hopland; '"best medicinal
waters in the State: • fine hotel, and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
. O. HOWELL, Hopland, MendocSno Co., Cal.
FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Good trout 'fishing.
Rebuilt i and : reopened. B. BOHME. - Proo.
fAMP T A VI iff R ; HOTEL. C 'camp cottages
V/Alll I I A I LUH . and grounds, private pic-
nics," bowling alley." tennis, 1 .boating, trout fish-
ing, .telephone. . Call at 'Traveler. "20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAl.,
A Positive Cure for Stomach. Lrrer and Kl^
ney Trjublet. Not what I eay, but what th»
people say.
RECOMMENDED BY THE LEADINO PHT-
SICIANS OF CALIFORNIA.
SEND FOR BOOK OF TESTtMONIAIA.
Elevation. 33C0 feet.
Rates, $10. $12 and $14 per week
Tickets at S. P. office, foot of Market «tre<,
direct to the Springs.
DR. W. R. FRATHER. Proprietor.
I* LEBENBAUM & CO.. 222 Sutter «tr««t.
S. F. Agents for Adams Springs water.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prieta, highest point In Sant»
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Flshln*. hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday. Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas-. Cal.. Prop.
HOTEL LA HO ft DA.
SITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. - GOOD
- trout fishing. Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. I. J. SEARS. La Honda.
San Mateo County. Cal.
VICHY SPBINGS-3 mile, from Uklaa,
• Y Mendocino Co. Natural electrlo waters.
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous Sow at
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishlnr. hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first clasa.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
RICHARDSON'S SPRINGS — Ten miles from
Chico, CaL Noted for being a sure cur*
for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia, blood and
kidney diseases, nervotrs t'. — iji.s. etc. A dead
enemy of poison oak and skin diseases. Hotel
and baths open entire year. J. V. RICHARD-
SON", Prop., Chico. Cal. .
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable in Lake
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach .troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round- triD , tickets. 3. P. office.
$3. J. A. HAYS. Prop. .
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL — The original
Switzerland of America: larcest dining-
room In county; new myrtle cottage; hunting,
boating, bathing, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet, tennis, bawling: free teams dally to
our mineral springs. 15 kinds. E. DURNAN,
Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE. 18 miles from Caza-
dero. — Grand redwood and mountain scenery:
good trout fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and
¦milk. Dally mail, stage from Cazadero. Through .
fare R. R. ¦ and stage. $3 60. For particulars
apply J. Lut^rlnger. Sea View, Sonoma Co.. CaT.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Cra* Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $3 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 50. M. S.
COX Laurel, Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st. _^
AMONG THE PINES.— ALTITUDE 2014 FT.
Most healthful climate. Plenty of cream,
fruit, etc. Home cooking. Telephone. Rates
(6 and $7 per week. For particulars address
Robt. F. Warham. Applegate. Placer Co.. CaU
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THI3
homelike resort is located In the Santa
Cruz Mountains, e miles from Capltola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB, Soquel. Cal.
OCEAN VILLA. HOTEL. AND COTTAGES.
Santa Cruz. Good fishing, boating. bath-
Ing, dancing; electric lights: extensive grounds;
free bus. Rates $7 to $10. CLARK & ELSOM.
HE LIERLY RANCH — Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery - beautiful. Wild game abundant.
Good fishing. - Best deer hunting In the Stats.
$7 to $3 per week. Jerry Lierly. Potter Valley.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort na
Boncifonte drive. 6 miles from Santa Cruz;
daily mall, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.
AUrilADAIfE ¦ FARM. Santa CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. VC.
J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postotflce. CaJ.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose, Cal.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mii-
cage. X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL— El Verano, Sonoma
County. CaL Terms. $1.00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs, near by. Peter Gouallhardoo, Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 rms.;
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery it.
Free bus. Long dlst. nhone. Fred Barson, Prop.
KfNG'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms, $10 a' week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernevUla.
Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and improved. Headquarters for hunter*
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guernevllle. CaU
BERGHEIM— Two miles from Los Gatos.
Ideal place, home cooking. $3 per week.
P. DISQUE. Los Gatos. Cal.
STAGE IJNESAITP UVEBTES.
LAKEPORT AND . BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett
Springs, via Lakeport. carryinar . passengers
for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs. Stages
connect with trains at Hopland. Leave Hop-
land at 12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; ar-
rive at Bartlett Springs at .7:30. New 6-hors«
14-pas8enger tourist wagons, made to order for
this stage line, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. • . r~m
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
A HONDA and PESCADERO— Through th»
Kdwoods to the ocean. Hay ward" s," Wurr>
Bell vale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Crua. Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City, 0 a. rn. train, 3<i
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Joaa
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadero
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and San
Gregorlo. dally all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.A 4:15 p. nT.
ASHION STABLES. URIAH AND WIL-
lits— Tourists., campers, hunters, write J.
H.- Smith. Uklah. Smith & Taylor. WUHts, for
any kind of a turnout.
UCMBERT v STAGES-Short route to th»
? G i ey £? rS: 3 h0 V rs> ¦ ta * ta «f- First-claes livery
stable In connection. C. E. Humbert. Cloverdale.
ILROY- Fashion Livery: good service: reas.
rates. Ofc. Gilroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
LS? GATOS— Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
*^ First -class rigs. Reasonable prices.
SVSTA CR U?— San Lorenzo Stables. Styl-
ish rigs. Reasonable prices.
Established 1823.
JAKE JOSEPH. Rerresentative, 300 Battery Street, San Francisco.
TWEHTIETHCENTURYCOOKBOOKS
.. A car-load of Cook Book*
• has innt arrived from Chlcajro I
• and they are readr for distri-
bution at the business office '
; of tills paper. , All Call jj nub-
| scrlbers are entitled to a copy
of this great Cook Book at
the preminm price of fifty
cents. v . '. " . v - ¦
'. -"An additional charge of 20
cents to pay expreisage will
he required from out of town'
subscribers ordering: by\mail.'.
...napa... i %» m
SODA-SPRINGS ¦ fyl . S
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF 'ALL HEALTH
Resorts. Hot and Cold Soda Baths. Rates,
$10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily, foot of
Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.. For further
information address Peck's' Bureau, 11 Mont-
gomery street, or • t , '
« DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Props.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3)4 Hours from Los Angeles.
'Advantages^ attractions end amuse-
ments . impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son ; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famous -Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most unenomenal
fishine and rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and . Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Dancinp 1 . etc. I For further
particulars address BANNING -COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK. Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal. ; .• .-. ••
HOT SPRINGS
For rest, health and pleasure/ scenery, climate
and waters. For Rheumatism, Kidney, . Liver
and ' Stomach Troubles stands unsurpassed.
Trained masseurs. Good hunting and fishing;
amusements of all kinds.' Trains leave Third
and Townsend streets 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
daily. For pamphlets and rates address
. R. ROBERTSON, Proprietor,
,' Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
r* ERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH, LIVER,
and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Recom-
mended by leading physicians. Thousands
cured. Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R.; stage from
Uklah. Call or address
WITTER P. O., Lake Co., Cal. .
Main office and water depot, 816 Market
street, room 64, city.
•.....¦¦¦¦ . R. McCORMICK. Manager.
The Wild Flowers—
Of hundreds of varieties are- seen on the
JTables throughout May at AETNA
SPRINGS. NAPA COUNTY -A
plunge in the large Swimming Tank, and
you forget the trials. of '. life, r ¦ ;
A Booklet to you if. you ask.
EDWARD L. ] SANFORD, \ Manager.
CAM f CURRY. '
Gives special rates to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as is shown by its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, more than one-half of
which were In 1901; 1000 guests are expected
in 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st. ; open May 1.
YOSEMITE,
YOSEMITE VALLEY^
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE'
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round . trip from San. Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from • Stockton. . $27:
Staging i\Cf hours -first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley 6 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market St., opposite Palace
Hotel. 8. F.; tel. Black 3571.
THE TALLAC,
LAKE TAHOE OPENS MAY 15th.
"With many additional attractions, among
them the SPLENDID 'NEW AMUSEMENT
PAVILION. RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO..
" .. ' ?d ¦.,."• Tallac, Cal.
Note — Positively • no . . consumptives taken. •
XUrmAnT^iU^ Howell Mountain,
WOOaWOrtllS, Napa County'
Terms '$1.00 per day. * ¦
Circulars free. Address < . .
WOODWORTH & MULLER, St. Helena^ Cal. ...
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Better than ever this year— booklet and full
Information at Peck's Information Bureau. 11
Montgomery st., or California and Northwest-
ern R. R. office. 1 650 Market St., or. John Mar-
'tena. Bachelor P. P., Lake Co., Cal.. '
HOfPIN SPRINGS.
-These Mineral Springs 'are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Spring, Lake Co., Cal. Hotel
Plearant View is again run by the owner,
MRS. HOPPIN. -.,'..•"¦ •
HOI FOR BLUE FLAKES!
Hunting, boating, , bathing, fishing: . new
launcfi and boats,. new hotel and cottages, nevt
tennis^ court. . Send for .. pamphlet and terms. '
O. WEISMAN. Mldlake. Lake County. Cal.
JOHANHISBERG.' \
IN THE NAPA. REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able.. -Inquire of TrfEO. , BLANCKENBURG
JR.; prop.. Oakville, ' Napa- County, or The
Travelers' Bureau. . 20 . Montgomery, st. .
ROWARDENNAN •
In the heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains, yet near-
j enough to the ocean fox a daily >alt if ater swim. Red- •
woods, and tea breezes — a- wonderful combination.;
Souvenir booklet free. . Peck's Information Bureau, ll
Montg. St. or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
LAWRENCE Vf LLA.
Town Home, Sononia. -Will meet : guests. ,
Pleasant location. \* Plenty shade; nice drives^,
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEt-
LISSIER, Sonoma, Sonoma ' County, ' Cal.
"WISDOM CONSISTS In dolngr the right
thins at the right time.
WE ARE ALL WISE— afterward—
when it is too late.
THE TIME to take care of your health
Is when you have it. 5
NEVER ALLOW yourself to get into a
rut or groove, either physically or men-
tally.
BREAK S the monotony that makes so
many men and women old long before
their time.
TAKE an occasional trip.
THE COUNTRY along the California
Northwestern Railway la not the only
place to visit, but it certainly Is the
best. . , "
ITS LOCATION between the coast and
the interior affords that salubrious cli-
mate which' invites living In the open
air, and fills up the system with re-
newed . energy.
CALL or write for
"VACATION, 1902."
A little book issued by the California
Northwestern Railway Company.
(The Picturesque Route of California)
giving Camping Locations, Hotels, ' Min-
eral Spring Resorts, and a long list of
Country Homes where board for the
Summer can be secured at from $5.00 to
$8.00 per week.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., (Chronicle
Building) and Tlburon x Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansome and California Sts.,
San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
PASO ROBLES S
r"/\T"k Nature's own selec-
¥*i \ W tIon for a heaIth * nd
* */i\ . pleasure resort bt~
V wt-« « w wmm-wyr cause of the curative
H hi A ¥ Trf properties of its mud
m.A1Lj£~\2-i JL AA and sulphur baths for
rheumatism, lnsom-
A N ll ¦**• Eout. neural stia,
JtWsU llver.kldney and blood.
diseases. Has every
T\T tJ A CT 11^X3 natural advantage for
PLEASURE -gray&g&as:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
CM. ARNOLD, 640 MarKel.'S.-.F^'AfL
EL SONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appolntel hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting,' fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C- CAL-
HOXJN, Proprietor, Duncans Mills, - CaL For
information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery st., or write R.C. Cal-
houn. Proprietor. * ¦
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Eonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging. Every
cemfort and convenience. Tlburon ferry, 7:80
a m.: 3:30 p -m. Information of DR. HEN-
SL.EE. 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371. Tour-
ist Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st., or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. CaL
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. CaL, 26 miles by
stage west of Williams: fare |2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 14S
deg. . Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt I rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths, $10 a week. WM. OEIX3EAKT,
Proprietor. - ¦ : '^
AGUA CAL1ENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or 8.
P. R. R. .Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many Improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor.
Agua Callente. Cal. " . . .,
HOTEL -.BON - ( AIR,
ROSS VALLEYS
J. E. • MANLOVK & WIFE (formerly ' Mrs.
Leach), Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Orora";
new management: all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager, Russian River station,
via Dur.cana Mills. Cal.
WHtTB SULPHUR' SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. , Board. Including baths, is
per week. Address "W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena, Cal. ¦¦ - '
THE GEYSERS.
(Sonoma County.) New management; rcozns
plastered and hard finished; new furniture-
rew, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing jear
round; white help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business. Rates. 'S3 to $15 per week.
» V BROOKSIDE."
Most beautiful 'resort bouse In Napa Valley;
2 miles from Caliatoga: free carriage; hot and
cold baths; gas.: S. F. references. Send for
pamphlet. G." W. CUTLER. Callstoga.
HOTEL LYNDON,
Los Gatos.. First-class hotel: large ground*.
Lavrn tennis, croquet and popular amusement*.
Opposite depot. Malpas & CosgrovePotatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Old table Potatoes were reported steady with
stocks in first hands slowly diminishing. Re
ceipts of new Potatoes were liberal,, but prices
were upheld owing to the high "prices of old.
Six boxes ' came in' from . the ' river and ".sold
within the quoted range. .The demand for seed
Burbanks continued active, but other descrip
tions of seed were. dull. ¦ ,.
There was nothing new . in old Onions. 'New
Red met with a steady: inquiry at maintained
prices. -There were no green offering. ..
..The demand for. Asparagus Is falling, off and
prices wero lower all around. /.Receipts yester
day were not large, . but the market has had a
weak tone for the past three days, with large
quantities carried over from day to day, and as
the demand showed no Improvement dealers
were compelled to lower their prices. The can
ners were in the market for the No. 2 and pur-
New York Metal Market;
LIVERPOOL. . .
Wheat — May. ¦ July. Sept.
Opening 6 1% 6 1% 6 3%
Closing 6 1% .6 1% 6 32
PARIS. *
Wheat— , May. Sept.-Dec.
Orenlng ..22 20 20 35
Closing ••• 22 10 20 25 ,
Flour —
Opening :.:.- 28 60 26 35
Closing .26 60 26 20
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was strong; creameries. 20@23c dair
ies, 18@20c. Cheese, easy, 12@13%c. Etres
steady; fresh, 14 %c.
Dealers report the Eastern demand for Beans
about satisfied, but there is still a very fair
coast inquiry. Prices for whites and LImas
show several Insignificant changes. :
BEANS— Bayos, $3@H JO: small White, $2 50
@2C5; large White, $2 60@2 65 ; Pea, $3 25®
3 50: Pink, *2 10©2 25: Red. & S0fe2 iir-
Blackeye, $4 75@5; Limas, $3 45@3 60; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl. .:..-,.••
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 C5; Yel
low Mustard. $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 25@2 60;
Canary, 3 %c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%©ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, l%<g>
2%c; HetnD. 3%c Der lb. , '*T
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60®2; Green. $1 60
®2; Blackeye,' nominal. ;:,-• • ; • .
Beans and Seeds.
Articles— Receipts. Shioments.
Flour, barrels 32,000 14 000
Wheat, bushels 55,000 22 000
Com. bushels . 101,000 18000
Oats, bushels 329,000 143 000
Rye, bushels 1,000 r . 1,000 '
Barley, biiahels 27.000 7,000
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. May 7.— To-day's stock mar
ket reflected an unavailing effort to contest the
downward tendency. After ye«terday"s revul
elon rrora the eeml-revolution on Monday, re
actionary tendency was natural to realore the
normal balance of thlr.ee. but this tendency
was reinforced by the decidedly skeptical -sen
timent over the prophecies of the anthracite
labor settlement. These prophecies continued
very confident from sources with every means
cf authoritative Information, but the flat con
tradiction of the rumom received from Scr&n
ton cau&ed confusion and uncertainty and a
suspicion that the Wall-street outgivings were
In the nature of "tips" deslg-ned to Influence
the stock market. Ax a matter of fact. Read
ing was lifted a shade above Ian nleht. The
reports of the condition of the crops and
the weakness of the rraln market were a help
to the grain carrying railroads and they made
a cood advance In the course of the day's ses
sion. The continued aggressive strength of
Louisville and Nashville. Chlcaro, Indianapolis
end LouiFvllle and various smaller subsidiary
Unes coined additional influence from the
response in Southern Railway, which was con
sidered ElKnlficant of closer relations in the
whole Southern croup. Nashville, Chattanoora
and St. Louis, Chicago and Eastern Illinois
and £\-ansvllle and Terre Haute all shared in
the movement. Illinois Central was a con
epifuous exception and was heavy throughout,
falling at one time 1%. The advance In Kan
sas City Southern was attributed to the forma
tion of a dooI in the stock. AH of the strong
points, however, yielded to the liquidation dur
ing the last hour, caused by tie relapse in
Reading to 2% under last night. Practically
all of the gains were wiped out and the level
of prices carried below lsst night.
United States Steel stocks did not escape the
depression notwithstanding the extraordinary
exhibition of the last year's transactions by
the company. Tennessee Coal lost 43 points
on account of the disappointing annual report
and realizing In Chicaro Great Western caused
a loss of 2%.
The money market was called easier to-day,
the maximum loaninr rate reachinr 15 per
cent, with a subsequent recession to 6 per
cent, but the decline in the foreign exchange
rate ceased In response to easier money and
CIseueslon ¦was renewed of gold exports..
Notwithstanding the relief afforded by the
purging of unhealthy Ejaculation la the mar
ket, there l« still a tendency to the feeling that
there may be some inflation beyond the curb
stone bubble which collapsed last week. The
market closed heavy.
The tone of the bond market weakened in
fympathy with stocks. Total sales, par value,
$2,430,000. United States bonds were all un
changed on the last call. •_
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. Hisrh. Low. Close.
Atchison 1B.300 804 79% 79%
Atchison pfd S.COO 98% 98 98%
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 11
Alice 45 Ontario 7 75
Breece 60 Ophir ....1 70
Brunswick Con.. 10 Phoenix OC •
Cometock Tun... 00% Potoei 20
Con Cal & Va..l 60 Savage 08
Deadwood T.... 73 Sierra Nevada .. 20
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes .... 45
Iron Silver .... 72 Standard ... 3 40
Lead vl lie Con... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Adventure ....... 23
Call loans 5®0;Allouez .... . 4%.
Time loans 4%@5! Amalgamated ... 67
Bonds — Daly West 45
N E G & Coke... 55 Bingham 38
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.545
Atchison 79 Centennial 19
Do pfd 9S'/4 Copper Range ... 59%
Boston & Albany . 263 | Dom Coal ....... 135
Boston & Maine.. 196% 1 Franklin 11%
Boston Elevated.. 163 Isle Royale....... 14
Union Pacific 103%] Mohawk 37
Mer Central 28 Old Dom 20%
Miscellaneous — Osceola C2%
Am Sugar 128% Parrot 20%
DO pfa 119 Qulncy 125
Am Tel & Tel 181% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Gen Electric 323 Tamarack 168
Mass Electric... 43% iTrlmountaln 98
Do pfd 97%iTrinlty 12%
N E G & Coke... 8% United States ... 21 %
United Fruit 106 Utah 22
U S Steel .'. 41% Victoria 4%
Do pfd.... 92% Wlnona 1%
Weetnirh Com . . .-103 j Wolverine 55
Mining— ' _
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money 94 15-10 N Y Central ..163%
•Do for acct 95% Norfolk UWett.. 59%
Anaconda 5% Do pfd.T. ...... 72%
Atchison 81% Ontario & West. . 34%
Do pfd 101 Pennsylvania 79%
Bait & Ohio Ill Reading 34%
Canadian Pac ...130% Do 1st pfd 43%
Ches & Ohio..... 47 | Do IM pfd 36%
Middlings have been advanced 50c per ton.
Bran and the other . Feedsturts remain un
changed. Hay stands as before.
BRAN— ?17(i?18 50 tier ton.
MIDDLINGS — $21@22 per ton. >
FEEDSTUFKS— Rolled Barley, $21@21 60
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@'26; Job
bing. $26 50@27: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meaf. 520 600*0 r Cracked Corn, $30 60@31;
Mixed Feed, $16©17; Cottonseed Meal. $2t> 60
HAY— Wheat, $0@ll 50; Wheat and Oat
$8 60011; Oat. $S©10 60; Alfalfa. $S@ll; C fo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $0 6008 60; Stock, »0®8
P 'sTnAW — 10@65c per bale. . :
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Chicago was firm, with a good many buy-
Ing orders, brokers being the best buyers.
This market continues sluggish, with am
ple increasing stocks.
Cottolene'is - %c higher.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per - lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams, , 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $9@9 50 per
bbl: extra Mess, $10@10 60; Family, $U@
11 50; prime Mess Pork. $15 50@16; extra clear,
$23: Mess, $18 50@19; 'Dry Salt Pork.- $11 50®
12 60; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked
Beef 13%@14c per lb. 7
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%@12c for puro; half barrels,
pure. 12%e; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 6-lb tins, 12%c;
U-lb tins, 12%c. * > . .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c: three
half-barrels,- 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces. 10%c; five, tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.-
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under 'quotations. . Heavy salted
Steers, 10%@llc; medium. 9%@10c; light, 8@
Oc; Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8®S%o for
light; Stags, 6%@7c; Salted Kip, 8%@0c
Salted Veal, 9@9%c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides. 15@10%c: Culls. 14c; Dry Kip, ll@i 3 c;
Dry Calf. 10@lSc; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each\; short
Wool, 35@G0c ¦ each; medium, 65@75c; lone
Wool, 90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
®3 for large and $2 2502 50 for medium, $1
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides dry
$1 76 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 for
small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central -American, 32%c. - Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c;. large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c. "%•"••" ¦•¦•.'••-:¦:- ¦ ¦• - ¦ .- :.
TALLOW — No.- 1 rendered, 5%@6o per lb:
No.2, 4%@5c; grease, 2% @3%c.
,' WOOL— Spring — Northern free, 14©16c; do
defective. 13@14c; Middle County free, 13@15c'
do. defective. 12@13c: Southern. 12 months. 9©
10c: do, 7 months,' OOllc; Foothill, Il@l3o;
Nevada. 12@15c per lb. -
HOPS — 12c;for falr;and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice. ¦
General Merchandise.
-.¦ BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c: San
Quentin, 5.55c;' Wool, Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7Vj@8c.» ¦¦ ...
COAli—fWelllngton, . $9: per ton; Southfleld
Wellington,. $9; Seattle, $6 50; ' Bryant. $6 60;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 60; Greta,' $8; Walls
end,- $8 60; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Antara-
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 CO for Bakers"; Washington Bakers', S3®
'A 50 ¦ • / * . -'. . .
"niLLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks ar« as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 Der 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; R ye Meal,
S2 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, *4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75: Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35<&»- in
sacks.' $0 85® 8 50: Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 60; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs
Flour and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour
steady; No. o spring wheat, 72@75c; No 2 red
Sl©S2c; No. 2 oats, 41%®42c; No 2' white'
43%<S44c; No. 3 white, 43il<g)43%e; No. 2 rye!
59%c; fair- to choice malting barley, C8S73C*
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 04; No. 1 Northwestern'
$1 75; crime timothy seed. $7; mess pork per
bbl, $10 S5@16 90; lard, per 100 lbs. $10 07>4
@10 10; short ribs sides (loose), I $l) 45@g 55
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 8@8%c- short
clear sides (boxed), $10@10 10; whisky, basis
of wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade,
$S ¦£«>.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
May 70% 76% 76% 73%
-uly ' 75% 75% 72 74%
September 74% 74% 73 73%
Corn No.. 2 —
May 61 61 69% 59%
July 1 62% 62% 60%- 60%
September 61^ 01 ft 59 00%
Oats No. 2— - ¦*
May 41% 41% 41 41U
July (old) 34% 34%\ 33% 33^
July (new) 33% 35%' 35% 35U
Sept. (old) 29% 20% 28% 28%
Sept. (new) 30% 30% 30 3ffU
Mess Pork per bbl —
May 1 10 85 16 85 16 80 16 80
July 10 95 17 05 16 95 16 05
September 17 00 17 10 17 00 17 O^i*
Lard, per 100 lbs— ' ~*
May 10 10
July .: 10 05 10 15 10 05 10 10
September 10 12% 10 20 10 12% 10 20
Short Ribs, per 100 Ib3 — .
May 9 52% 9 52% 9 50 9 50
July » 47% 9 55 9 47% 9 52V,
September 9 55 9 60 9 55 9 60
No rain has fallen In California.
Fog prevaJls off shore from Port Harford to
Cape Mendoclno.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending nr;<3nl«ht. May 8. 1902:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, with
fo? along the coast In the morning; light
northerly winds in the Interior; brisk westerly
wirds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Thursday; fresh westerly
winds.
Ean Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday
with tog in the morning; brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Th« pressure has rle^n elowly on the coast
r.crth of Eureka and has fallen over the inter
mountain region. A moderate depression con
tirues over the valley of the Colorado.
The temperature has fallen along the coast
because- of fog and has risen in the valleys and
over Nevada and Utah.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Local houses were industriously telephoning
to the different Prune districts yesterday, ask
ing for complete .reports as to the extent of
the blight reported' some days ago, and since
confirme- by the Weather Bureau.' The con
sensus of opinion from the different parts of
the State was that while the drop was serious
in most of the larger districts, including Santa
Clara and Sonoma, it was not sufficient to
warrant any scare, and that from present In
dications the crop would . be larger than last
year's, though not such a record-breaker as
was anticipated a week or two ago. Most
growers said that even if three-quarters of
the Prunes did drop off they would still have
a fair crop.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
<S13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples, 8@0c; sun dried, 6@5%c; Peaches.
C%@8Vic; Pears, 0@0c; Plums, pitted, 5@«c;
unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@0c for red
and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for black
and 5%@6c for white. . ,
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40S, BV4@«%c; 40-503, 6®5%c: 50-(i0s,, 4%
@4%c 60-703, 4@4%c; 70-80s, 3%$3%c; 80
00s, 3@3%c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISIN S^-Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
©-aic Loose Muscatels, 6%e for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3;
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy. $1 60; London Layers,
$1 25®1 35.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. ll%c; No.
2 oy>@7%c; No. I 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. .
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fnrits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHICAGO. May 7. — There was a fair show of
strength to wheat at the outset on the in
fluence of yesterday's cash business and more
rains last night in the overwet Northwest.
Traders changed their stand, however, on later
reports of seasonable weather.- The weather
map showed clear weather in the Southwest,"
and what was still more important an end to
the wet weather in the Northwest spring wheat
country for the present. Both these localities
sent in liberal selling orders on the weather
news and their own markets were weaker.
This caused local speculators to lose sight of
bullishly small crop receipts and fairly firm
cables. Longs deserted their holdings and
threw stuff overboard. Trade generally was
not very heavy and the market showed a drag
ging: disposition most of the time. July opened
%@%c to a shade up at 75%c to @75%@75%c,
dropped to 74c and closed weak #@%c lower
at 74%@74%c. . •
Corn started with a good show of strengths
When wheat broke corn followed. Trade waa
not large and the greater part of the session
the market dragged. July closed weak at
68%c.
Oats were dull and weak. July closed %c
down at 35%c. . ,
Provisions were dull and fluctuated narrowly.
July pork closed unchanged, lard a shade
higher and ribs 5c up. -
The leading futures ranged as follows: .'
Chicago Grain Market.
g K g D » 5
S &&£! <s I
B G3S3s~ So 5
6TATI0X3. J S § S § f § 5- S
7 3" •" ; o ? c
: e c : - • : %
: 3 3 : • :
Astoria , 30.04 62 4S S Cloudy loo
Baker 29.92 C6 54 N Pt Cldy .10
Carson 1*9.84 "0 38 W Clear T.
Eureka 30.00 ZS 54 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.84 S4 GS XW Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff 23.70 74 36 S Pt Cldy .00
Foc&tello. Ida.29.84 70 44 S Cloudy .OO
Inlepondence .29.70 78 52 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 2». 92 78 54 Pff Cle»r .00
Phoenix 29.70 96 C2 NTT Pt Cldy .00
Portland 30.00 66 54 NW Cloudy .17
Red Bluff 29.92 76 58 FE Pt Cidy .OS
Roseburg 29.86 CC 52 NW Cloudy .71
Sacramento ..29.92 74 58 S Clear .04
Salt Lake 29.80 78 48 NW Clear .00
Ean Francisco.30.02 C2 54 W Pt Cldy .02
B. L. Oblspo.. 29. 96 74 50 W Clear .00
ban Diego .. .29.1)2 72 6C" NW Clear .00
Seattle 30. C2 70 5« W Pt Cldy .Oa
Kprhsne 2».!)2 66 M SE Cloudy .02
N>ah B2y :».O2 5S 50 W Cloudy .00
Wa:ia Walla. 29. 90 7« 60 SW Pt Cldy T.
Wii:nenrj?ca .29.80 72 48 W Clear T.
Yuma 29.70 06 72 EW Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 54.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
• Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls,. 97%c;
2000, 97 Vic.
OATS— The market-continues to show an un
dertone of firmness, largely In sympathy with
the feeling up north, where the markets are
more or less excited under a good demand for
foreign account. Stocks here continue light
Grays. $1 32%@1 40; whites, $1 32%tol 45-
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 20@l 32%; red'
fl 80<?l 42% per ctl. 73 '.
' CORN — Holders continue to quote a firm but
Inactive market, with one house holding prac
tically all there Is here.
Large fellow, $1 37%@1 47%; small round
do. $1 4001 50; White, $1 50@l 60. rouna
RYE — 90@95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
12.000 ctls, $1 09%.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $109;
2000, $108%: 14.000, $108%.
Regular Morning- Session — December — 2000
ctls. $108%; 4000, $109."
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY — The recent advance was main
tained yesterday, .but the market was much
quieter, and buyers showed little Interest.
Feed, 98%c@$l for No. 1 and 95@97%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, $1;
Chevalier, $101 20.
CALL BOARD SALES.
waa^aulet and. declined, from 75i£c
to 74%c. In view of the favorable crop weather
holders pressed their stocks, on the market. The
Southwest also sold freely. , The weekly Gov
ernment report was mildly bullish, noting bad
weather for seeding in the Northwest and an
unfavorable crop outlook in the Southwest.
This market was weak, -with ' lower futures.
Shipping grades were no lower, but soft.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $112%; milling,
$1 13%©1 15 per cental.
WHEAT — The English markets were steady
and the French markets weak. • * *
Wheat and Other Grains.
THE COABT RECORD.
Sterling Exchange. 00 days — $4 86%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, eight.... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17 V,
Silver, per ounce — 51%
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... — 45*4
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TUESDAY, May 7—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. : Bid.Ask
4s qr coup... 11 1HH2 4s qr c (new)137%138%
4s qr reg 111VU12 3s qr coup. .108% 109%
MISCELLANEOUS EONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 02Va — Oc SS Co 5s. — 100
Bay CPC 5s. 108 108% Omnibus 6s.. — _
Cal-st 5s 110 — Pac G Im 4s. 97U
C Costa 5s.. 110% — F*k & C H 63.107 110
Ed L & P 6s — — PkiOR 6s.ll7 120
Fer& C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. _ -
Geary-st 5s.» — — Sac EGR 53.102V110256
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s. — in
Do 5s — — Sierra Cal 6sll5% —
L Ang R 03.11884119% S P of A 6s '
L A L Co 63.103 105 (1909) 113%
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 114ai
Do gtd 5s. — 103% S P of C 6s
L A & P 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr A.106% —
Do lem os.102% — (1905)Sr B.107%
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1906) .... — HOW
Do lem 5s.l20%121% (1912) — 12*
N R of C 6S.112 . — S P of C 1st
Do 5s 120%l2l c gntd 5s.
N Pac C 53.1001,4110^. Do stmpd.lOSW"
N R of C 58.114% — SPBr Gal 6s. — 139U
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% S V Wat 6a. — ill
Oak Trn 6s.. 124 — I . Do 4s 2dm.lO2 103
Do Istc 5s. 113% — Do 4s 3dm.l0iai
Oak W G 5s. — 104 ! Stkn G&E6S.102 104
¦WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% 77% I Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co. ... 59 — jSpring Val.. 91% 92
GAS AND ELECTRIC.!
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3M, 3% Sac E G&R. 35 39
Mutual . 3% 4% S F G & E. 44 44«
OGL&H.:62%63 S F G L Co. 5U —
Pac G Im.. 38% — Stktn G & E. 8
INSURANCE
Flrem's Fnd.260 270
Amer B & T.110 First NatlonI —
Anglo-Cal .. 90% 91 L P & A 168% —
Bank of Cal.426 — Mer Ex (Hq) 24 _
Cal Safe Dp.120 122% Is F Nation! 140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1930 — Sav & loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav.. 80 — Union Trst.1830
S F Sav U..525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..171 180 I Market .....100" —
Geary — 60 t Presidio 35 _
POWDER., „-. .<¦
Giant 78% 79%,'Vigorit 3% —
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — Kilauea gu
Hawaiian . v — 40 Makaweli ... 22*i 23Vi
Honokaa ... 10% 12 Onomea 24% 25%
Hutcninson ..12% 13 Paauhau ... 11 12%
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.161%162% Pac A F A.. 2T; —
Cal Fruit As — 102% Pac C Borx.165
Cal "Wine As.101% — Par Paint... 26
Oceanic S Co 30 35 . .
• Mornlne Session.
Board — -
• 25 Alaska Packers' Association... .162 00
90 Contra Costra Water.;. 77 00
25 Giant Powder Con.. 79 25
65 Pacific Gas Imp.......... 39 oq
15 Pacific Gas Imp 39 25
6 Pacific ' Gas Imp :.. 39 l'>u
$3000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 5 p. a 102 50
$5000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6 p. c. Bonds.. 116 00
$ 1000 S P of C 6 p. c. Bds (1905. S A). 106 25
. : Street — •
40 Bank of California....... .......407 00
68 SF Gas & Electric Co, s 5..... 44 00
68 S F Gaslight, s 5.: 53714
$5000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent 114 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association.... 162 00
30 Giant Powder Con 79 qq
0 Hutchinson S P Co..... 13 qq
53 Makaweli ....:. 23 00
50 Mutual Electric Light ............ 4 .on'
14 S V Water :... 91 75
$10000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 75
Street —
10 Anglo-Cal. ' Bank. 90 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
300 Bear Flag 04
5 Hanford ....... A............ 85 00
' 600 Junction •• .V.^.... 1 19 *,
. 120 Petroleum Center ..........;...."- jo ¦ ¦¦
500 Petroleum Center .......:....... , 14"'
U>0 Sovereign .........; ; 35
21OJ Sterling 1 got'
3000 Sterling .............; 1 so '-¦
2000 Sterling (b 10).................... ¦ 1 85
Afternoon Session.
450O Independence 09 '
, 20 Kern River 7 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
tf— ; ; »
There was nothing on the Bond Exchange
yesterday morning to call for comment, busi
ness being 1 quiet. Pacific Gas was lower at
&U)@3» 112 Va. The oil stocks continued dull,
vith Sterling firm at $1 80@l S3.
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
The "Wellington Oil Company has levied an
assessment of lc, delinquent June 10.
The Sierra Union Water and Mining Com
pany of Sierra County has levied an assess
ment of $75 per share, delinquent June 2.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock, $25@25 25; preferred. $60
@60 50; 4 per cent bonds, $01 25; subscriptions,
$102 25«?102 50.
The United Railroads of San Francisco offer
for sale $5,000,000 first general mortgage, 4 per
cent, sinking fund gold bonds of the United
Railroads of San Francisco, dated June 7, 1902.
and payable on April 1, 1927. at the price of
92'4 c.nd accrued interest, principal and Inter
est payable in gold coin of the United States.
Coupons payable semi-annually on April 1 and
October 1 in San Francisco or New York, at
option of holder. The authorized issue of bonds
will be $35,275,000. There will be reserved to
provide for the present outstanding bonds of
the former street railway companies, and for
further improvements, $15,275,000.
A sinking fund has been provided for in the
deed of trust, beginning January 1, 1905 of a
minimum charge of 2 per cent on th» 'entire
gross earnings of Its whole system, which sum
to be at no time less than $100,000 per annum
besides all of the Income above 5 per cent
which the common . stock will be entitled to
earn.
Golden Gate Council to Give Outinjr
on the "Water and Also an
"At Home."
Extensive preparations are being made
for the bay excursion which Is to be given
by Golden Gate Council No. 80, United
Commercial Travelers, next Saturday
morning. The outing is to be given in
honor of the Grand Council of California.
The steamer Montieello, which has been
chartered for the occasion, will leave Mis
sion-street wharf No. 1 at 9:30 a. m. Tha
Commercial Travelers have established
their reputation as entertainers and all
who are fortunate enough to receive in
vitations to the excursion are certain of
an enjoyable time. Refreshments will be
served on the boat.
On Friday evening Golden Gate Council
will give an "at home" to- the members
of the Grand Council of California in
Golden Gate Hall. The-grand -march will
commence at 8:30 o'clock.
Free Scholarship in Engineering.
The American School of Correspond
ence, a corporation chartered by the com
monwealth of Massachusetts, has for
warded to one of its students, F. H. Merrill
of 266 Noe street, this city, four free schol
arships in its several engineering courses,
which include mechanical, electrical, ma
rine, stationary, locomotive and textile
engineering, and also heating, plumbing
and ventilating. This school is in no
sense a commercial enterprise, and v the
limited number of free scholarships of
fered are made possible by donations to
the school by men of wealth who give for
such purpose. This opportunity will ex
pire May 17, as Mr. Merrill Is about to
leave the city for a prolonged absence,
but will be pleased to enroll as many as
he has authority to while he remains.
This school works in conjunction with the
Armour Institute of Chicago. Its stu
dents near Chicago have their work re
viewed there, and a course in this school
is accepted there for those seeking a de
gree in that -institution, just as though
the studies were pursued there.
Civil Service Examination.
The United States- Civil Service Com
mission announces that on June 10 and
11 an examination will be held for the
position of manual training teacher, male,
at the Haskell Institute, Kansas, at a
salary of $300 per annum, and for other
vacancies as they may occur. Age limit.
twenty years or over. The appointee will
instruct classes in woodwork and forging.
Persons who desire to compete should ap
ply to the United States Civil Service
Commission, "Washington, D. C, or to the
secretary of the local board of examiners,
Postoffice. for copy of Manual of Exami
nations and application forms 304 and 375.
The application should be filed with the
Commission at "Washington prior to the
hour of closing business on May SI. :
¦ » ? ¦
Two Painters in Trouble.
The Civil Service Commission will next
Monday try charges made against "Wil
liam Bray and T. H. Cook, painters em
ployed by the Board of Public "Works,
who were discharged for alleged neglect
of duty. The board notified the commis
sion that the painters had been dlsmisse'l
for loafing while painting the Agassiz,
Fremont and Washington schools and re
quested that their names be stricken
from the eligible list. Before taking ac
tion the Civil Service Commission will
hear the defense of the accused palnter3.
¦ ¦ ? ¦
Suit Against Mrs. Teresa. Bell.
The Bank of British r»orth America filea
a suit yesterday in the United States Cir
cuit Court against Mrs. Teresa Bell, as>
administratrix of the estate of Thomas
Bell, deceased, to recover $13,000 balance
due upon a promissory note for $45,000
dated September 4, 1890, together with in
terest at 5 per cent per annum. The note>
is secured by seventy-five bonds of the
Eureka and Palisade Kallroad Company
of the face value of $1000 each.
Would Burn Oil as Fuel.
The Geary Street Park and Ocean Rail
road Company petitioned the Board of
Supervisors yesterday for permission to
erect steel tanks ' of such capacity, in
such manner and under such conditions
as shall be imposed by the Fire Marshal,
for the purpose of storing crude petro
leum In ita powerhouse at Geary and Bu
chanan streets, to be used as fuel.
BAY EXCURSION" FOB
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
Contra Costa Water Company has declared
dividend 20O of 42 cents per share.
\ . •
STOCK MARKET.
LONDON, May 7.— Consols, 95%. Silver,
23 13-10d. French rentes, 101 f 17%c. Cargoes
on passage, "steadier; cargoes No. 1 Standard
California, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 3d;
English country markets firm.
LIVERPOOL, May 7. — WHEAT — Firm; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 4%d@6s 6d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French country
markets quiet; weather in England, showery. -
COTTON— Uplands, 6 7-32d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. May 7. — Evaporated apples
were slightly higher on more active demand
and limited offerings. State, common to good,
7<f9%c; prime, fli4@0%c; choice, 9%@10Vic;
fancy. 10% @ lie.
Prunes remain unchanged. Apricots and
peaches are in good demand by jobbers and
steady.
PRUNES— 3 %@6%c.
APRICOTS — Boxed, 10%@14c; bags, 10%@
P'EACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, 8%@
llC. • • , ¦;
DRIED FRUITS.
* . *
NEW YORK, May 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
19,300 barrels; exports, 2341 barrels; the wheat
break deterred buyers and- only a moderate
trade was done in t6p grades, with the close
easy.
WHEAT — Receipts, 94,575 bushels; exports,
27,663 bushels: spot weak. No. 2 red, 87%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 8S%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 82%c t. o.' b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 86%c f. o. b. afloat. Apart from
an opening spurt, occasioned by .firm cables,
small Northwest receipts and covering, wheat
was active and heavy all day, notably new
crop options. Stop loss orders were plenti
ful, also active short selling helped by unfa
vorable crops news and weaker late cables.
The close was heavy at I 1 ,4@l%c net decline.
May, 79T&@81»,4c, closed at 79%c; July, 79%<g>
81 Vic, closed 79%c; September, 78%@80c, closed
at 78%c; December, 79 13-10<g81%c, closed at
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Steady. ;
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot, dull. No. 7 Invoice, 5 7-16c;
mild, dull; Cordova, 8tf@12c. Futures closed
net unchanged. Total Bales, only 1250 bags.
December, 5.45c; March, 5.75c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined was steady.
66%c; club, 65%c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 7.— Wheat, quiet but
steady. But little Is doing in the local mar
ket and quotations are to a large extent nomi
nal at Co%@C6c for Walla Walla.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 7.— Wheat, steady; bluestem,
Northern Wheat Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 7.
Flour, qr sks... 32.173,Straw, tons..... 23
Wheat, ctls 2,475 Wool, bales 1.567
Barley, ctls 2,600 Sugar, ctls 2,80!>
Corn, ctls 910 Leather, rolls... 5J»'
Beans, sks...*.. 4,200 Hides, No? ; 487
Potatoes, sks..." 1,739 Lime, bbls 273
Onions, sks..... 295 Wine, gals 53,100
Bran, sks 3,520 Pelts, bdls..,'... 70
Middlings, sks.. 697 Quicksilver, flks 5
Hay, tons 700 Tallow, ctls 4S8
Mustard, sks... 132
OREGON..
Potatoes, sks... 451 v
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 4,12$ Wool, bales 4
Potatoes, sks... .1.101 Cornmeal, sks... 804
HONOLULU..
Onions, crates.. 193
Receipts of Produce.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance. $186,501,929; gold, $95,337,741.
Condition of the Treasury.
SEATTLE. May '7. — Clearings, $452,260;
balances, ?107,l,72. .
TACOMA, May 7. — Clearings, $187,234; bal
ances, $30,381. .^
PORTLAND, May 7.— Clearings, $420,700;
balances, J57.729.
SPOKANE, May 7.— Clearings. $326,006; bal
ances, $19,076.'
Northern Business.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard, ?1@2 25 for choice and $2 2.*>®3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25®2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@2 50; Va
lencias.' $2 506>3; Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50
©2 50; Tangerines,". in quarter boxes, 75c@$l
and $1 25@1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l
for common and $1 25SJ1 75 for good to choice
and $2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, 75c@.?2;
Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas, $2 25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 75@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
APPLES — $1@2 50 per box, according to
quality; from Australia; $1 50<32 50 per box.
CHERRIES— White, . 75c@$l per drawer;
Black, $1@1 60 per box and drawer.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $5@8 per
cheFt; Malindas, $3 50@4-00 per chest and 75c@
$1 25 per crate.
Hawaiian Bananas were offering again. The
Honolulu steamer brought up 3057 bunches and
104 crates Pineapples.
Strawberries are arriving in fair condition,
but prices are steadily declining, as receipts
are increasing. Over 000 chests were received
yesterday. - -
Cherries sold slowly at the quotations; 159
bxs came In. . -
There was a firmer feeling in Fancy Navels,
as supplies were scarce and there was some
inquiry for shipment to Honolulu. The sup
plies on hand are chiefly choice and standard
varieties/ and these continued dull. At the
auction sale 3 cars of choice and standard
fruit were sold as follows: Navels, $2 40@
2 70 for choice and 75c@$2 for standard; Seed
lings, (J5c@$l 40 for choice and 65c@$l 10 for
standard. Grape Fruit was dull at the quo
tations, with very little fresh stock received.
Lemons continued to drag at unchanged prices.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, • 9@llc; Young
America. 8Q>10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 18y>@19c for fancy and 17$
ISc for fair to good; store, 15® 16c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy. 18>S@19c 'for firsts and 17@lSc for sec
onds; dairy, 16®18%c; store Butter. 14@lttc
per pound. ¦ •
Receipts were 73,000 pounds 57 kegs 4 bba
and 276 tuba of Butter, 1550 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 27,450 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of . Oregon
Cheese.
There Is no change whatever in Butter, the
market being steady, with large receipts, which
are being taken care of by packing. 7.
Cheese remains weak. with, more on hand
than the local trade desire.
The feeling In Eggs was mixed. and unset
tled yesterday. Some dealers quoted the mar
ket firm, with good demand, while others re
ported a weaker feeling, with prospects of a
decline. The Exchanges marked its quotations
down again, -quoting ranch at 16@17c and gath
ered at 15@lt>c. Storing is falling off, as the
market is considered above what it will stand
for storage, though there Is still some going
oh. There are plenty of Eggs on the market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON. May 7. — The offerings at the wool
auction eales to-day amounted' to 13,738 bales.
The attendance was large. A good supply of
scoureds sold readily at an advance of 10 per
cent. Merinos were in . active request at 10
per cent above the March average. v
London Wool Sales.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRA.NCISCO. May 7—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from stations in Cali
fornia to-day:
Eureka, 5S-54; Red Bluff. 76-58; Sacramento.
CS-5S; Fresno, 84-68; San Luis Oblspo. 74-50;
Independence, 78-52; Los Angeles, 78-54; San
DIppo. 72-52; Yuma. 9(5-72.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€2; minimum, 52; mean, 57.
Weather Report.
eral trade continues active. Mills are producing
'.trr--- Quantities of goods and merchants appear
to r.&ve no difficulty in distributing them. The
chief complaints are of the Increasing cost of
production and distribution, with a consequent
diminution of profits. This Is likely to prove
a constantly growing feature. There Is no
abatement in the demand for iron and its
products, showing that the industrial activi
ties of the nation are still unwearied. The con
fjirrtlon of coal, iron, copper and other raw
materials continues on a phenomenal scale.
Money will soon be easy again and Is likely to
so continue for the next three months at least
— an important factor In the stock market.
There if more or less expectation of gold ship
lEer.tP: but no apprehension need be felt en this
score, as a few millions can be easily spared
on this Fide, and the decline of the Boer war
w!'! gradually strengthen affairs on the other
s!d* cf the Atlantic."
A leading New York authority says: "The
general Fltuition continues Batisfactory. Crop
cor dltions were improved this week by favora
ble rains over a large section of the country.
Wheat Is not In entirely satisfactory condition,
but there is plenty of time for Improvement.
A large corn acreage Is promised, as a result
of present high prices; and cotton planting Is
now progressing well, although the season Is
retrly two weeks behind the average. Gen-
Condition of American Trade.
Exports of treasure from San Francisco by
sea for the past four months amounted to $2,
662,403. ngainst $1,355,134 for the correspond
ing period last year. During the past four
months the shipments of silver bullion Increased
5816,223 and those of Mexican dollars decreased
?247.341.
Treasure Exports.
Baltimore & Ohio. . 8,100 10S% 107% 107%
Baltimore & O pfd. 100 95% 95% 95%
Canadian Pacific... 8,900 127*t, 125% 125%
Canada Southern.. 300 93% 93% 92%
Chesapeake & Ohio. 7.300 48»fc 47% 47%
Chicago & Alton.. 1,700 37^i 30% 3tt%
Chicago & A pfd.. 400 76% 70 70
Chic lnd & Louis vl. 10,600 80 77 77%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 100 85% 85% 85%
Chicago & E Illinois 200 169 1€8 167
Chicago & Gt West 84,100 32% 29% 29%
Chic & Q W A pfd. 200 • 90 90 89%
Chic & G W B pfd. C600 50% 4'J 48
Chicago & Nwstern 2,200 264% 262 201%
Chic tt I & Pacific. 1.400 177% 174% 174%
Chicago Term & Tr. 3.700 22% 21% 21%
Chicugo T & T pfd. 4,200 40 3S% 38%
C C C & St Louis 105
Colorado Southern. 6,300 32 30% 30%
Colorado So 1st pfd. 100 72% 72% 72V«
Colorado So 2d pfd. 2,200 44% 44 43%
Delaware & Hudson 2,200 177% 174% 174%
Dela Lack & Wes .... 2S0
Denver & R Grande 200 43 42% 42%
Denver & R G pfd. 300 91 91 90
Erie 12,100 38% 36% 37
trie 1st pfd 2,300 «»% 69V 4 CS%
Erie 2d pfd 300 55 53»J 03^
Gt Northern pfd 1S4
Hocking Valley.... 1.000 84% 82% 82%
Hocking Valley pfd .... 9 0%
Illinois Central 4,900 10414 152% 152%
Iowa Central 500 48 47 46%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 80 86 85
Lake Erie & West C5%
Lake Erie & W pfd : ""' 120
Louisville & Nash. 46.100 Utt 140% 1*2«
Manhattan L 17.2OO 133% 132 i:k»
Metropolitan St Ry 7.000 151% 149% 149%
Mexican Central... 6,200 29% 28 28^i
Mexican National.. 12.100 19% 18% lstZ
Minn & St Louis.. m.
Missouri Pacific... 17,200 101% 100% 100%;
Mo Kans & Texas. GOO 26 25% 25%
Mo Kns & Tex pfd. 1,400 57 66% 50',
New Jersey Central ...i 190
New York Central. 9.200 1CO% 15SU 15a
Norfolk & Western 0,300 68% 57% C8
Norfolk & West pfd 90
Ontario & Western 4.S0O 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 22,100 151 150 150»C
Reading 16,000 00 ;J 64 C5'
Heading 1st pfd... 10.900 85% 84 S4
Reading 2d pfd 10.900 71% V9*A <o%
St Louis & S F 1,000 t»»% CS «7»l
St L & S F 1st pfd s.i«t
St L & S F 2d pfd ..... 7'>ti£
St Louis Swestern 27
St L Swestern pfd. 400 59% 59% 09
St Paul 24.000 172 170% 170V-
St Paul pfd 900 191% 191 190%*
Southern Pacific... 35,300 07% C5"-i 05%
Southern Railway. .203,800 3«% 37U 371?
Southern Ry pfd.. 6,700 IHJvi P5Vx 95U
Texas & Pacific... 2,400 42% 41 sji 411"
Toledo St L & West 1.500 22% "*> sS
Tol St L & W pld. 1,700 3»% 3S% 38%
Lnlon Pacific 97.100 105% 103% lOTJ^i
Union Pacific pfd.. 2,200 8S 87^ 87*4
Wabash 9.300 27 26% 20
Wabash pfd 4,900 45% 44% 44>;
Wheel &LE 2.700 23% 22 >4 22«t
Wheel &LE2d pfd 1.000 37'i. 3« 36U
Wi3 Central 40,000 29% 27M. "ill
Wis Central pfd... 13.C00 81»4 4'JJi 49 W
Express Companies —
Adam ,s 200
American 225
United States * ;*" hq
Wells Fargo....... -...-. -. !i!j 200'
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 41,400 C8% 06% 67
Am Car & F 3,100 30% 80% 30'i
Am Car & F pfd.. 500 90V4 90. 90
Am Llnee^d Oil... 1.900 27 Vt 26% 26--1
Am Ltnsd Oil pfd. 100 0«V4 56 ii 54
Amer Loco 500 32% 32 31%
Amer Loco pfd.... l,»00 95% 94U 94U
Am S & Rfg 900 40 45U 45%
Am S & Rfg pfd.. 1,200 95% 95Vi 95%
Anaconda M Co... 800 114 112% 112
Brooklyn R T 1.300 67% 65% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 14,400 104& 102 102V-
Consolidated Gas... 2,000 226 ,224 224*
Con Tobacco pfd.. 300 122% 121 121
Gen Electric .'. .. 3<\-{
Hocking Coal 600 18% 18& 17%
Interntl P 1,000 71% 71 71
Interntl P pfd 200 74% 74 74
Interntl Power. 70
K C Southern 42,600 31% 26% 28%
K C Southern pfd. 10,200 61 14 59 59'
Laclede Gas .• 87
National Biscuit... 000 BOU 50 50%
National Lead 600 1»>4 18% 18%
National Salt „ 20
National Salt pfd 6D%
North American... 700 127 125 122%
Pacific Coast 400 72 70 71
Pacific Mall 200 40^ 40% 39%
People's Ga* 1,800 104% 103% 103%
Pressed S Car 600 45 44% 44
Pressed S Car pfd.. 700 85 84 84
Pullman P Car 237
Republic Steel 2,200 18% 18% 18Vi
Republic Steel pfd. 900 74% 74 73
Sugar 14.300 129% 128% 128%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 13,200 68% 66 66%
U B & P Co 15%
U B & P Co pfd.. 800 82% 82% 81%
U S Leather 4,200 14 13% 13%
U S Leather pfd... 600 85 84 # 84
U S Rubber 16%
U S Rubber pfd... 200 50 59 58%
U S Steel :.. 10.100 41% 41« 41%
V S Steel pfd 19,500 92% 91% 81%
Western Union 1.200 91% 91 91
Total sales 1.138,600
NEW YORK BONDS.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
U S ref 2s reg 109^ Hocking Val 4#s.lll%
Do 2s coup 10IJ i-i L & N unl 4s.... 102%
Do 38 reg 108% Mex Central 4s. 1 83
Do 3s coup 108% Do 1st lnc 33%
Do new 4s reg. .137»4 Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
Do 4s coup 137% M, K & T 4s 101
Do old 4s reg.. 111% Do 2ds 83%
Do 4s C0UP....111U N Y Central lsts.104%
Do 5s reg 105% Do gen 3%s...lO9y.
Do 6s coup 105% Northern Pac 4s.. 105 V4
Atchison gen 48..103V4 Do 3s 73^
Do adj 4s 91 N & W con 4s 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% Reading gen 4s.. 99»i
Do 3%s 90% S L & I M con 5s.ll7
Do conv 4s.... 108^ S L & S F 4s 99
Canada Sou 2ds..lO9 S L Sweat let 97%
Central of Ga 5s. 109% D 2ds 84^
Do 1st inc 85% S A & A P 4s... 90%
Chea & Ohio 4%s.lO8% S Pacific 4s 93%
Chi & Alton 3V&s. 84% S Railway 5s 122%
C B & Q new 4s. 96 Tex & Pac lsts.,121
C, M&S P gen 4s.ll«V4 T, S L & W 4s.. 83
C & N con "s 135 Union Pacific 4s.. 106 .
C, R I & P 4s.. 111% Do conv 4s 117
C.C.C&S L gen 4b.103% Wabaeh lsts 119
Chi Term 4» 88 Do 2ds ill 14
Colorado Sou 4b.. 95% Do deb b 76%
Den & R O 4s...lO4«4 West Shore 4s 114
Erie prior Hen 4€.100y t W & L E 4s 93%
Erie gen 4s 87% "WIs Central 4s.. 04%
F W & DCl8ts..ll4«. Con Tob 4s 60
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
200 lbs and over,- 6@«%c; . feeders, 6@
0%c; bows, 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations. - - --
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb llvewelght; yearlings, 4
@4%c Der 1L.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, S%©9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4<S5c per lb.
CALVES — ser.Vjc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross weight).
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%o for Steers and 6%@7c per lb
for Cows. : ,.
VEAL — Large, 7@Sc; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7>,i@8}4c; Ewes, 7}SQ
8c per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10i4c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%©9V-c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Hogs are a fraction lower. Mutton and Veal
are weak at the decline already noted. Beef
Is steady and unchanged.
San Francisco Meat Market.
GAME— Hare, $101 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
$3; White Geese, $1@1 00; Brant, $1 25 for
small and $2 for large; English Snipe. $3; Jack
Snipe. $150. '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per -pair*
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, $4 50©5
for old and $5 50<&t! 50 for young; Hens. $3 50
©4 GO; young 'Roosters, $0@7 50; old Roosters,
$3 75@4; Fryers, $6<&5 50; Broilers. $3 60@4 50
for large and $1 60<§)2 GO for small ; Pigeons,
$1 75®2 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
Squabs. - . '
Game cleans up well from day j to day at
easy prices. - Eighteen sks were received yes
terday. .--• ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦¦¦¦•.¦'. . .' •¦
.The demand' for Poultry showed .some Im
provement and the market had a firmer tone.
All descriptions moved eft well at the quota
tions, except ! small Broilers and poor Hens,
which were dull.» Another car of Eastern came
in, making the third for the week. The car
consisted chiefly of, old Hens, which were of
fering at $0@<i 50. ..
Poultry and Game.
WEDNESDAY, May 1 — i p. m
Bid. Ask.
Alpha •.."..... 02 03
Alta 03 0.".
Andes 03 05
Belcher ...... OS 00
Best & Belch. 20 22
Bullion ,. 02 03
Caledonia . ... 43 45
Challenge Con 16 18
Chollar ...... 16 17
Confidence ... 60 62
Con C & Va.l 55 1 60
Con Imperial. — 02
Con New York — 01
Crown Point- 07 OS
Eureka Con.. 18 —
Exchequer ... — 01
Gould & Curry 15 1G
Halo & Norc. 19 . 21
Julia — 04
Bld.Ask.
Justice 04 05
Ken tuck 01 l»2
Lady Wash. .. — 04.
Mexican 59 60
Occidental .. 11 12
Ophir 1 65 1 70
Overman .... 20 21
Potosl 2-t 34
Savage ...... 12 IS
Scorpion ..... — 0-t
S«g Belcher.. 01 ai
Sierra Nevada 27 2!»
Silver Hill... 43 51
St Louis — CS
Syndicate .... — 07
Union Con... 28- 2!)
Utah 03 04
Yellow Jacket 11 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
3000 Occidental of W Va (3 00) 21
1500 Petroleum Center 13
200 Sovereign 35
400 Sterling (cash) 1 S2>A
220O Sterling 185
500 Sterling «¦ 00> .185
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belch. 2li 400 Ophtr ..1 80
200 Caledonia ... 44 100 Potosl ..: 24
100 Con C & Va.l »«> 60D Savage ...... 12
100 Con C & Va.l 6T» 100 Sierra Nevada 2*J
100 Crown Point. 07 100 Union Con 29
1C0 Gould & Curry - 16 100 Yellow Jacket VI
, 300 Mexican 82
' Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch. 21 600 Ophtr .165
-lOOChollar IB 700 Overman .... 2O
200 Con C & Va.l 50 :JOO Savage ...... IX
200 Mexican ..... 5s 500 Union Con. ... 2T
10O Mexican 57
were the sales In the Pacl3c Stocls
Exchange yesterday: . .
Morning Session.
500 Belcher . 071 500 Mexican 61
200 Best ft Belch. 23 1 300 Mexican 6O>
500 Challenge Con 17 200 Mexican 68
500 Chollar 16 100 Ophir 175
200 Con C & V..1 CO 1 200 Ophir 1 70
200 Con C & V:l 57%! 200 Ophir 1 C5
20O Gould & Curry isj 800 Savage 12
300 Mexican C2 300 Union Con.... 30
Afternoon Session.
50O Best & Belch. 21 200 Occidental ... 11
200 Con C & V.I 52V-, 100 Ophir 162V,
.100 Con C & V...1 55 70 Ophir 1 7O
¦ 500 Crown Point.- 07 500 Overman 2O
200 Mexican 57 300 Union Con. ... 27
200 Mexican ..... 5D 200 Yellow Jacket 11
NEW YORK. May 7. — Close— Money on call
Is 6@15 per cent; closed offered at 10 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5% per
cent. Sterling exchange, steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 S~% for
demand and at $4 85@4 85^ for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 80 and $4 8SV4. Commercial
bills, $4 84Vj@4 80%', Bar silver, 51%c. Mex
ican dollars, 41% c.
Bonds — Governments, steady, States, inac
tive; railroads, weak.
New York Money. Market.
NEW YORK, May 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:-
Stocks were quiet and cheerful to-day. Mines
hardened on the street on news of the capture
of 200 prisoners in Orange River Colony. Con
sols sold up to 95%. Investors are still nib
bling at gilt-edged stocks. Paris bid up Rio
Tintos to 43%, although the . metal receded
to £53 5s the ton.
American stocks started strong, but relapsed
In the afternoon on the news that money was
9 per cent In New York and on New York's
free selling of coalers, which revived fears of
a strike. These stocks remained sensitive,
though they finally hardened..
Silver advanced to 23 13-16d an ounce on cov
ering against options. The market is top
heavy.
London Market.
Local Stocks and Bonds featureless.
Silver higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat zveak. Barley quieter. Rye very dull.
Oats and Corn quiet, but very firmly held.
Middlings advanced 50c. Bran unchanged. Hay weak.
Eastern demand \ for Beans reported about satisfied.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply.
Local dealers confirm reports of Prune dropping.
Cottolcne 1-4C higher. Cured Meats dull, with increasing stocks.
Hogs i-Sc lozue-r. Mutton weak. Beef fairly steady.
Potatoes and Onions steady. Asparagus lower.
Poultry in improved demand. Game cleans up well.
Receipts of Strawberries and Cherries increasing.
Oranges in lighter supply and firm. Lemons -dragging.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• . , . ;¦ ST. ¦ JOSEPH. .; -
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 7.— Cattle— Receipts,
475;:.strong' to - 10c higher. Natives. $5 25@
7 25; cows and heifers, $1 50@<i 40; veals, $3®
U; stockers and feeders, $2 25@5 45. ,
Hogs — Receipts. CSOO; market 5@10c lower.
Light and light mixed, $6 80@7 15; medium
and heavy, . $7@7 20: pigs, $4 25@5 75.
Sheep — Receipts. 2300; market strong. West
ern lambs, $U@U 80; Western sheep, $5@6 SO.
. CHICAGO, ' May , 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11,
000.. Market active to 15c higher. Good to
prime steers, ?C S0@7 45; poor to medium, $4 75
@0 75; stockers and feeders, $2 75@5 35; cows,
$1 40@6; heifers, $2 50@G 50;: canners, $1 40®
2 50; bulls, ?2 50@5 60; calves, $2@5 50; Texas
fed steers, $5 55@C 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
24,000; left over, 3000. Market 5@10c lower.
Mixed and butchers, $<J 7o@7 10; good to choice
heavy, $7 10@7 20; rough heavy, $6 80@7 05;
light, $8 CO@(J 90; bulk of sales, $0 80@7. ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 13,000. Market weak to
10c lower. Lambs about steady. Good to choice
wethers. $5 75@0.25; fair to choice mixed, $5®
5 60;- Western sheep, $5 25@6 25; native Iambs,
$1 75@0 50; Western lambs,-, $5 25@0 45; Colo
rado lambs, $7. -
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock .Market.
NEW YORK.. May - '.—The j cotton "¦; market
opened steady, with prices 5 to 0 points lower,
and closed barely steady, with prices net 5
points higher to 2 points lower.
New York Cotton \ Market.
°^i?., G . W 33 Southern Ry .... 38%
D , & R Q S>3% Southern Pac ... (58%
fcr ' e 38^ Union Pac ...... 106^.
£° o^ ? f , d 71 *> J>o P fd --- • 9°%
111 Central 158 • Do pfd 94"-i
Louis & Nash.... 135% Wabash 28
M _K « T 26'/ s Do pfd 46%
**> Pfa 08 Spanish 4s 78%
Bar silver, steady, 23%d per ounce.
Money. 2%<g>3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months* bill is 2% per cent.
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky . Mountain de
scriptions, §S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ten,
according to brand. .
OIL— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
78c; raw, 7(5c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, CSc for
boiled and 6Sc for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 95c; cases. $1;
China Nut, 57%@6i>c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
C5c. Whale Oil, natural white. 40@50c per
gallon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42 V^c: cases, 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, C3%c for Ceylon and
6S%c for Australian. .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13V'.@14c: Pearl Oil. In cases,, 20c; Astral, 2Oc;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; In
cases, 21c; SO-degree Gasoline, In bulk, zoc; is
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE — C7c per gallon in cases and
Clc in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, CrusheU and Fine Crushed,
4.C0c ; Powdered, 4.:!5c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none.
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.6oc; "D," 3.6oo;
barrels, 10c more; half- barrels. 23c more;
boxes, 50c more: 60-lb bags. 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, [ 4.75c; boxes,
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent.'.
chased -a considerable quantity '• at 75c@$l ¦ per
box. ¦ "Very little of the extra was sold at our
top Quotation. ; i ft i' \ s ; . . ~\ .-' ' • " ¦- :¦
: Supplies of other vegetables \ were r plentiful
and prices showed little variation. ' •'
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2%@2%c per lb;
old, $1 50@l 75 for Uurbanks "from the river:
Oregon Burbanks, $1 75®2 15; Oreeon Garnet
Chiles, $1 50@l <i5; River Reds, $1 30<3>l 50;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 «. r >@l 75; Oreeon Bur,
banks, for seed, ?1 65<gl 75; Sweets, $2 25 for
Merced. ¦ j • , - ; - ¦- ¦ : ¦
ONIONS— Nevadas, $2 50@2 75; Australian,
$3 50@3 75, second hands; new red, «0cS?l per
sack; Green Onions, — — per box; Sllversklns,
75cig 1 $l Der box. : . ->y
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$1 75@2 per box, $1 25® 1 50 for No. 1 and 75c@
'$1 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 40@75c per box; extra
fancy, S5c@$l; Green Peas, 75c@?l per sack
and lc per lb to the canners; Garden Peas, 2@
2%c per lb; String Beans, from Los Angeles,
S@12%c per lb, including .Wax; from Vacaville,
12%@15c; Cabbage, . r i0<fC5c per ctl; Los Ange
les Tomatoes, $1 25@2 per box and crate; Mexi
can Tomatoes, $1 25@1 75 per box for. repacked:
Dried Peppers. : 10@llc per lb; Los Angeles dc,
13@17%c; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hothouse Cu
'cumbers, 50® 75c per dozen for small and $1®
1 25 for large; Garlic, 2@3c; Los Angeles Green
Peppei-3, 12%@15c; . Mexican' do, 8@10c; Egg
Plant, from Los Angeles, 15@20c; Summer
Squash, from Los Angeles, ?1 25® 1 75; Marrow
fat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
$15@2U; Mushrooms, nominal.
spot at' $28 40 bid. >' London 'closed 10s Cd
higher, with. Bpot at £131 12s Od and futures
at £128 5s. .:.;-;->,
': Lead was steady here at 4%c. London was
unchanged at £11 12s Cd. ••„:.' •
• : Spelter was steady at $4 40 here . and Lon
don was Is 3d higher at £18 6s 3d.
English iron markets were firm, . closing with
Glasgow at 52s 9d and Middlesboro at 47a 7%d.
The local market was also firm. but unchanged,
with warrants nominal. :, No. > 1 foundry north
ern, $19@20; No; .. 2 foundry, ' northern, $18®
19; No. 1 foundry, southern. $17 50@18; No. 1
foundry, southern soft, $17 £>0@18.' ¦¦¦-.. . ,. ;
THE " SAN FR ASTCISCO C4XL, THURSDAY, v MAT" S; 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
EASTERN MARKETS.
11
NEW YORK, May 7.— The New York cop
per market was about %c lower, though ac
tive- .'' Sales Included 50,000 pounds electrolytic
for August delivery and 5000 pounds for Sep
tember, all at $11 70; electrolytic and casting
closed at $11 50011 75; lake at'$U 87yi@
12 10; spot to August at $11@11 35. The Lon
don copper market wa3 Cs 9d lower, closing
with spot and futures at £53 5s. .
Tin was a shade firmer: here, closing with
i Only Three!
I Days Left I
In which to buy shares of Tacoma H
Company Steel Corporation at 15c B
cash or 18c on Installments. After y
May ICth you wiirpay 20c cash or i
24c on installments. These shares H
'will fee cheap at 50c in 60 days. You [3
will believe them safe if you t ead |
prospectus. gj
I lbs Amarican Suaranly and Trust Co., S
|| 820-823' H»yw»rd Inilding. M
AUCTION SALES
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS, 638 MARKET ST.
FRIDAY. May 9, at 10:30 a. • m. on ths>
promises, 717 FILLMORE ST., near Hayes, wa
will sell the elegant upright piano, costly up-
holstered mahogany frame sofas, divan*.
ca?y and reception chairs, valuable bronze
figures, vases and ornaments, costly cabinet,
choice marquetry and mahogany tables,
splendid engravings, oil paintings and etch-
Ings, fine dining-room and chamber furniture,
velvet and body brussels carpets, etc.
N. B. — For items see Chronicle.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. Anctioneerg.
4\_ AUCTION SALE of 130 head broken
•**•** horses. The final cf the ¦ GERMAN
GOVERNMENT horses. Full particulars later.
Sale to take place May 22 and 2J{ at 1732 Mark t
St., San Francisco. W. H. HORD, Live Stock
Auctioneer.THE SA-fr FKAJXCIgGOGAJAj, THURSDAY, MAY 8; ; 1902.
12
BUSINESS CHANCES— ContinneA. .
A — $500; RESTAURANT, opp. Santa Fe depot;
receipts $20 day. STRAND, 20!) Kearny st.
A — $575; BAKERY; receipts S20 day; 3 rooms;
1 • rent $35; bargain. STRAND, .209 Kearny.
I A — $750; OYSTER and chop house; receipts §25
day; a snap. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to invest In a. company owning
a mountain of low-grade, gold-bearing ore
superior to Tread well mine of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. Ii you wish to represent
or invest in a payins proposition address
room 412, Parrctt bidg., San Francisco, Cal.
FOR sale — An established delicatessen store in
Hayes Valley; $30 a day Income; rent $25; 3
rooms and kitchen In rear: good business for
man and wife. Call at 045 McAllister St.,
between 11 and 1. >
GOOD-PAYING first-class saloon; continual
Illness of proprietor cause of sale. Inquire
at 291 O'Farrtll st. for further particulars;
no agents.
CIGAR stand— Will buy a good paying cigar
stand for cash: must stand Investigation.
H. JANSEN, 11611,4 Mission st.
FOR SALE — First-class cigar stand; good lo-
cation; business part of city; no agents. Box
1629. Call office. ¦ ' '
FOR Sale — A fine barber outfit, includins 2
French plate mirrors, 4x2; price ?30. S2-S
San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale; living rooms complete;
no triflers. 136 Second st. y - '
GOOD inside route. on morning paper for sale.
204 Leavenworth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
I-OPCXG-HOUSEs" FOR SALE. _
ANY house on monthly payments. _
100 rooms; elegant; modern; investigate.$20,000
05 rooms ; corner ; a bargain C^
40 rooms ; central ; clears $250 3,o00
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms 1,700
25 rooms; rent $30: Income ?S5; only.. 22a
9 rooms; corner; very good : 3<5
7 rooms; snap: Geary st 200
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
Rms. 7-8. 906 Market St., cor. Ellis, upstairs.
$550— S ROOMS; downtown; clears $60; $200
cash, bal. monthly. RETSLOFF, 900 Market.
Business Is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.'
Money to loan; low Interest.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St. (upstairs).
Office near Call building.
Our telephone — Black 1-8-0-3.
Correspondence solicited.
List your house with us_hy telephone.
All houses for sale on our installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house; new furniture $1SOO
S6 rms.; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
\ 100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
.300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
» 50 rooms: offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
t 35 rms.; Howard; rent only $65; terms.. liOO
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
HotelF. houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market et.
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms; sunny; gooo renter 950
8 rooms; tunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms ; downtown : good 700
13 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer...... 900
Money leaned at IVi per cent per month.
WINSTON & WOLFE,
1026 MARKET ST.
9 rooms; rent $40; must sell $525
15 rooms; $500 cash. bal. $10 month... 950
30 rooms, sunny corner; clears $100. . . 2550
20 rooms; must sell (new); see it 1400
120 rooms (new); clears $325; swell...... 5450
100 rooms ; rent $2 per room G800
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Scmething new every day.
New houses to lease.
A, CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market et. and 8 Stockton st.,
."Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call;, we can suit
! you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
! flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned, 1^. per cent.
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered In lodging-bouses dur-
ing the present week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th & 6th sts.
Euyers, notice above announcement and
call at his office before you buy a house.
APARTMENT house, 27 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished; rent $125; going East; sacrifice for
$2C00. Morrison & Co.. 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
LODGING houee. 19 rooms; transient; clearing
SISo per month: price $1500; easy terms. MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery st., room 4.
85 BOOMS; rent $G5; lease; good corner house;
tenants mostly workinginen: house clears $125
?. rr.onth; furniture mixed; house must be solj
on account of other business. For particulars
address box 1724. Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSOX & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. room 10
(Glasccw bloclc).
LODGING-HOUSE on Turk St., 9 rooms; rent j
$45; price $500. F. DE FREITAS & SIMS.
413 Kearny st.
I A — $175; HOUSE 20 rooms; rent $35; good lo-
cation. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
; CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. ,1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER, special seance to-night: none
but friends admitted; $1. 10S4 Bush St.;
- phono Larkin 4133.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-n!ght, CC5 McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics.
KATIE HEUSSMANnTj774 15th~£t.. nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve., 25c; readings dally.
MRS. HUBBARD. 103 Oak, circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m. ; "Wed., 2 p. m. ; reading daily.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
— CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS *
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE— The great reader~of
human destiny; first registered clairvoyant
and palmist ever (In San Francisco; extraor-
dinary clairvoyant power, combined with his
superior knowledge of occult forces and the
science of palmistry, enables him to read hu-
man destiny with unerring accuracy. 127 Ellis.
A — ISMAR, the ..Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,,
cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a, m. to
5 p. in.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 120C Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; send x stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with' life readlng;ladlcs 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk..
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p.m.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, tne famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites eepa-
rated. finds treas. 1016 Market, parlors 8-9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, P. O. box 2224. JSan Fran.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ODELL.- clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
r«-ad accurately; L.. 25c; G. 50c. f>21% Eddy.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRU. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. JENNIE REYNOLDS, life reader, late
of Los Angeles. Is now at 10C8^ : Market st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader palmis-
try; truth or no pay.. 20% Kearny. room 2.
23c— SPECIAL, one week. PROF. MILES,
clairvoyant, palmist, • 1010 Mission nr. 6th.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c;. from 1 to 8. 2C2 Minna st., nr.* 4th.
COLLECTION. OFFICES.
G^ORG^^vr^^LY^S^Ag^cy— 3?o^cha^e
unless cuccessful. Room 310. 827 Market Bt.
HWLP WAJHTEP— FEMALE— Coin.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.;. MR. DAVIS. - -.
MOTHERS; seeking a good future for their
v daughters see MME. OVICI. maker and de-
: ' s.'gner. of ladies' gowns and corsets. 1240
Polk st. -¦¦'¦-.¦¦¦
YOUNG woman for general housework In small
family. 47 Bartlett st. .
WANTED— An experienced waist and \ skirt
. hand; call early. 5S9 Ellis st. /
GIRL for light housework; good home; small
family. 623 Haight st. "¦*-, -:„.'
WANTED — 5 girls to learn halrdresslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair work ; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posl-
ytions -waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening . class.
' College, 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
WANTED— Experienced lady canvassers oi
good address to represent local company; re-
fined and -remunerative employment. Call
during this" week on E. I. MOGER, 431 Par-
rott building. '.-¦--. '
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. . ROSEN-
BLUM & ABRAHAM, Odd Fellows' building.
1103 Market st.
BRIGHT, self-reliant woman with fair educa-
tion; employment refined and remunerative.
Box 1740. Call offlce.
WANTED— Middle-aged or elderly woman to
assist in light housework; good home;
wages $10 to $12. Apply 1649 Post st. :
WANTED — Girl for housework; no washing.
117 Clipper st., between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth. .
Halrdresslng, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College, 1236
Market, rm. 94; splendid position; day, eve.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
WANTED — A girl to help In dining-room at
615 Valencia st.
PANTS flnlshers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary at.
WANTED — Strong girl for general housework.
2712 Folsom st. -
HANDS waUed on ladles' oversklrts to take
work home. 656 Mission st., third floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts to work In
factory; good pay. 656 Mission St., 3d floor.
EXPERIENCED operators oh ladles' under-
wear. 656 Mlrsion st., third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' over
. skirts; good pay. 656 Mission St.. third. floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
good pay. 6C6 Mission st., third floor.
EXPERIENCED lroner. 656 Mission St..
third floor. J
WANTED— Girl to work in shooting gallery.
Apply restaurant, 523 Pacific st. -
WANTED — First-class waitress; wages $8.
Breuss Cafe. 70 Third st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. .121 Post St., room 49.
A GOOD vest hand wanted. Apply 13 Mason
St., room 6.
WANTED — Chorus' girls at once. Room 26, 26
O'Farrell st
WANTED — Amateur talent; apply ,at once.
Room 26, 26 O'Farrell st. ,
WANTED — An experienced talloress. Please
call at 455 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WOMAN to cook in private boarding-house.
\ 4122 Twenty-fourth st., near Castro. 1 to 4.
EXPERIENCED operator on gent's custom
and stock shirts. Rogerson's. 535 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted on custom
coats. 34% Moss St.
2 EXPERIENCED girls for cooking, second
work, and sewing; good wages. 1180 O'Farrell.
WANTED — Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO., 535 Market ft. |
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call b^nch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH of flee, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
UELl' WAM'UU- — MALE. . .
FURNACE man for mine; gardener, $30 and
found; 6 farmers and' wives, $40, $45 and $5U
and found; farmers, $25 and $30; milkers for
Del Nortc, Mendoeino, San Joaquln and San
Benito counties, $30 and $35; cheesemaker,
$4U; teamsters, $125 day and board and $2
to $2 25 day; choremen. $20 and $25; driver
lor milk wagon, $50, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 028 Sacramento st. .'
3 MACHINISTS for country. $3 25 day; Job-
¦ bing blacksmith, $2 50 day; ranch blacksmith,
$10 and board; carpenters, $3 50 day; bench
hand for mill,. $3 day; 2 car repairers, $2 25
day; circular sawyer, small mill, $2 25 day
. and board; wagon-maker for city, $3 to $4
day; boy for paint shop, $4 week and In-
crease; laborers -for mine. $2 day; coal min-
ers, $2 50 to $2 75 day; laborers for mill and
woods, $30 and fare advanced; 4 laborers for
S quarry, $2 day. and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 623 Sacramento st. 5*1?.*
NIGHT cook and waiter, country, $35 and
found; young man to assist janitor. $30;
ranch cook, $20; hotel cook, country, $45;
restaurant cooks, $70 and $40; baker's helper,
$25; hotel waiter, $25, country; dishwashers,
elevator boys, pantry man and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT C R." HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
". ... NEW RAILROAD WORK
FOR NEVADA.
2000 teamsters and laborers. .$2 to $2 25 day
100 Concrete laborers $2 25 a day
500 rockmen $2 25 a day
2 blacksmith helpers $2 25 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen. machine . men, drillers and
muckers .' $2 to $3 a day
500 outside laborers $1 75 a day
SHIP DAILY
Free fare ...... Free fare . . Free fare
3 foremen, railroad construction work, $3 a
day and free fare, soe party here..
C R. HANSEN & CO .420 Bush st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st., near Call bldg.. phone Bush 405.
. . . . ..... RAILROAD LABORERS .'....
. . . .FREE FARE. FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada. .. .$2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers. ..'..: $2 25 day
60 concrete men. $2 25 day
| 2 doggers, mountain mill....... $2 80 per day
2 hook. tenders, mountain mill... $2 80 per day
- Board for above, $15 per month.
10 lumber pliers — .$2 to $2 25 per day
Stationary fireman, sawmill, $60 per month;
camp waiter, $20 per month and board......
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
ANDRE'S offlce. 316 Stockton st. ; waiters, $35
and $40; pantryman $25; dishwashers, $22,
$25 and $30; cook. $70; waiter, plain hotel,
$30; carpenters, $3 50 a day; porter for hotel,
$25. etc.:. . . , -- . /
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
-Bellboy, $15, city hotel; storekeeper, springs,
$30. .- . '...¦¦'.-. . ¦ s .
MAN and wife to. work In boarding-house. $50;
also a man to cook for 5 men, $20. Apply to
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. . ¦ •
WANTED — Presser for ladies' tailor-made
suits. Apply between 8 and fll a. m. at
HALE BROS.', -
WANTED— Experienced window . dresser. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class wash goods salesman.
Apply between S and. 11 a. m. at -HALE
BRQS.'
WANTED — Bright boy from 16 to 18 years of
age to learn the dry goods business.. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — First-class I silk and dress goods
salesman: Apply, between 8 and 11 a. m.. at
HALE BROS'. ; . ;
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men, between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For Information apply to Recrult-
. Ing . Officer, 121 New . Mongomery - st , San
Francisco, i or Masonic building. Sacramento.
WANTED — Tailor for branch store near this
city; will sell half or whole Interest; owner
cannot attend to both places. Apply at 519
Market st.
WANTED — Steady,' reliable man with $150 for
an old-established business that will pay $70
a month: no experience required: light work
Call at 1016 Market St., room 10. . - ¦-. -7"
WANTED—A ! man ' to • milk a ¦ cow and take
care of two horses; wages $15 per month and
1 a good home. Apply at the Jefferson Hotel
, Harbor View. .". _
COOK $35,' porter $20.' resort; 3 men,- work In
vineyard, $30 and room, see boss : here at 1
. o'clock. Coast Emp. Co., 502 Taylor st cor-
ner Geary. .•••'• . *¦
WANTED— A- first-class ¦ • coatmaker " for " the
country.- J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Mont-
gomeryst.y , . " .
STRONG boy 16 to 18 to pack: 4 a week be-
0^!^ at PAUL RIEGER
WANTED— Boy about 16 for wholesale house
.^IT^CamSl ; an - : experIence ' »*
$50— GOOD. chance for steady man; cigar store-
full value given in stock; no night work -In-
qulre cigar factory. 257 Fourth, nr. \ Folsom.
WANTED— A neat :young man for soda clerk
. at; GRUENHAGEN BROS.'. : 20 Kear~ny st
BARBER, wanted to rent furnished shop. 60S
Fourth st. • I
'¦¦_ EMPLOYMENT WANTED- -MALE. ,
YOUNG Eastern gentleman j wants position i as
correspondent, interpreter or ¦ private secre-
tary; writes and speaks fluently French, Ger-
man, English and Norwegian. Call, or ad-
dress 502. Taylor st. ; phone Black 2194.
A FIKST-CLASS general machinist and mlll-
¦ wright, tool and die maker, expert on en-
gines, ; pumps, . hydraulic ¦. machinery ana
presses, .. daughtsman and 'patternmaker, R.
R.I and stat. engineer, i first-class references,
wants suitable position. E. B., box 1609, Call.
COMPETENT, reliable man wishes, a position;
• understands thoroughly care of fine blood
horses., milk care garden; careful driver or
lake charge of stable; first-class references.
Acdress.T. S., 250 Shipley st.
WANTED^-Work as bookkeeper or assistant,
cashier, clerk, , business manager, expert ac-
countant or otherwise; eltctric execution.
r strenuous. Imperturbable. ' N. R. G., box
1611, Call offlce/ j
ROUGH carpenter, - general workman, wants
work: well recommended; city or country.
Call or address Carpenter, 164S Mission st., In
the rear. : -,^r 1 ¦
MAN and wife (young English) ; man expe-
rienced coachman, milk, etc. ; wife first-class
cook; city or country; $50 up; references.
Box 035, Call office. ;
WANTED — Position by an experienced sales-
man; can handle any line clothing or furn-
. Ishlngs preferred. Address Salesman, box
1738. Call offlce. ¦ . .- ' .'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, '2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
¦ y'^ASCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per cent income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock Issues of new en-
, tcrprises ; etocks underwritten, on London and
American plan; send for thfe "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for Investors
to come In on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
Bt.; established 1892. ¦ '
FLATS TO LET. £
PACIFIC ave., 2922— Elegant sunny, modern
upper, flat; 8 rooms and bath; beautiful ma-
nne view; rent reasonable. SPECK A CO.
$12 — t-ROOMflat; gas, cellar, water and ash
man free. 20 Sumner St., off Howard, near
Eighth st.
NEW sunny flat,' 6 rooms and bath. 407A
Grove st. ' ¦
ELEGANT new sunny upper flat; 10 rooms
and bath. 870 Eddy st., near Van Ness ave.
NEW lower flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1333 Ma-
scnlc ave.. near Waller st. ; $27 50.
$20 — SUNNY 5-room and bath flat. 9 Page
St.. off Market. ¦ - ¦
$15— FLAT of 13 rooms. 27 Broadway.
LIBERTY, 221— Flat of 6 large rooms and
bath, gas; modern improvements.
MODERN flat. 6 rooms, bath; yard; basement;
reasonable. 1933 O'Farrell st.
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard: fine basement. Owner, 2134 Pine.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
SUNNY corner flat, 4 rooms; nice, neat, com-
plete. 8726 Twenty-third st.', near Dolores.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE — Cheap, furniture of three house-
keeping rooms; going north; must sell to-
day. 11 Day, ' off Guerrero, bet. 29th & 30th.
FURNITURE cheap, also piano; must sell
Thursday; going East; call morning. ISOSVi
Howard st. . .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURMTUHE WASTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 41 5, . Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 135-1.
GLOVES.
SPECIAL sale Danicheff glove, own make, at
90c. 121 Grant ave. ; v
HELP W ANTED — FEMALE.
AT~C^ECllANSEN^^O?^?™^".«9~^ush st!
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, Arizona, free fare. :¦ .$25
Waitress. .Marlposa, fare paid'.. .....$20
20 waitresses, city, country • resort ho-
tels ...:..-..-.-..:.. ............. ....$20-$25
Chambermaids • city- and country. ;..$18-J20
Head waitress, city *30
Cook,\su:nmer resort .'.... ...$40
Laundress, same place' fare -paid. ...... .$30
FAMILY j DEPARTMENT
If you want work in this department call and
6ee us. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st
(Opposite California Hotel.)
A — YOUNG nursegirl assist light second work.
$15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
• A — HEAD waitress, watering resort, $40. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
WANTED — t cooks, little wash, $30; 3 parlor
maids, $25; 10 second girls, city and coun-
. try. $20 and $25: 4 small hotel cooks. $30,
country; 2 chambermaids, $15; 6 waitresses
for summer resorts, $25; 10 hotel and res-
taurant waitresses. $20 and $25, city and
country; laundress for hospital. $25; wait-
ress- for Institution, $20; cleaning woman for
institution. $20: 8 housework girls for Oak-
land and Alameda, $25 and $30; 3 . nursegirls,
$15 and $20; parlor maid for country, see lady
at offlce 4 o'clock, $30; also a large number
oC girls for all kinds of housework, city and
country, at $20. S25 and $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
MRS. M. E. DAY... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, first-class resort, near city,
$25: 3 waitresses, . first-class commercial ho-
tels, $25; 3 waitresses, springs, to go at once,
$20; 2 waitresses.- city, $25 and. room; .wait-
resses for Sacramento. Bakersfleld, Watson-
vine, Vacavllle, Salinas, Marysville. Vallejo
and city. $25 and $20; 4 chambermaids to
watt $20; chambermaid. $7 week. .........
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .....
Cooks, ' second' girls, houseglrls. city and
¦ country
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
NO EXPERIENCE. NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WO^IK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS- & "CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.' * .
WANTED — Experienced Jacket hand on alter-
ation work. ... Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.:
WANTED — Hairdresslng and manicuring ap-
prentice; paid while learning. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— First-class hair dresser and mani-
cure. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' • -
WANTED — First-class suit and waist seam-
stress. Apply " between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Ventilator and hair worker. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. ' m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. - Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — A young girl for light housework
and to help. In store; -must give references;
good wagesi BEYER'S Confectionery, cor-
* ner Haight .- and' Scott sts. ; call between 7
! : and S p. m. . 1' '
WANTED— Shoe fitters on dry and wax thread
machines. WENTWORTH SHOE & LEATH-
ER CO., 26 Main st. ¦ y
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to wait on
sick lady; wages: $5 a week. C75 Bush st.,
room ' 9. ¦
GIRL , for general ' housework and plain cook-
ing; small family; good wages. 776 McAl-
', lister St.- y-.- .-.¦¦¦., : -
WANTED— Lady clerk for general offlce work;
must be able to read and write German;
salary to start $35. Address box 1740, Call.
A YOUNG girl to take care of child in Belve-
dere. Apply between 11 and 12 at 21' Elev-
. enth st. . *
LADY of Indomitable energy; possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party.
r. PERSON,. room 412.' Parrott building. ¦
EXPERIENCED " help for dressmaking; also
'. apprentice. 135 , Geary st., room 129.
WANTED-r-First-class talloress; galsotl flrst-
' class operators ; - best - of - wages. 701 Geary.
WANT ¦ a competent . girl to assist In bakery
,and light housework. 123 Taylor St.: y
NEAT girl; assist with housework and sewing.
Box 1752. Call offlce.
.YOUNG girl for > light , " general ,- housework;
V wages $15. 2107 California st. *
WANTED— Experienced / saleslady. Black
Goods House, . 1 106 Market st. y
WANTED— Girls ' for a ¦ dance hall in ¦- mining
¦ ' town ; ¦'. big ; money. -• Address ¦ box - 1747, - Call.
GIRL. 14 or 15, to help in family. of. two. Call
at r 911 Stelner gf.-.v ..i'. ..¦-.¦ ' -,.;, •.-¦¦:. ¦:,,.:-
COOK, Central , Hotel, j Haywards ; German or
-*. Scandinavian preferred ; t plain.; cooking only. -
EXPERIENCED operator on - gents' .' custom
and stock shirts. Rogerson's.' 535 Valencia st.
HORSES AjffP^WAGOSS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken: come and
see them ct Occidental Horse Exchange. 243
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses — The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY.
2C Montgomery st.
FOR sale. Santa. Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, ccr. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate av».
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
ray.harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET!
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let — Fine 8-room house, with bath and larga
basement: 11S1 Oak St., near Devtsadero;
rent $27 50; by CHAS. QUAST, 403 Pine at.;
key, at 11S3. next door.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. "
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner st.
near El Da.
$35 — A SNAP; 10 new sunny rooms In flrst-
class order. 1449 Devisadero St.. cor. Geary.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
ELEGANT corner residence; Mission warm,
belt; completely furnished; owner (gentle-
man) will board if desired. Address box
1533. Call offlce. J_
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house. 19
Beulah st.. near the park.
INVESTMENTS.
THE Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery St.,
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOSTAND^FOPNP. ¦
LOST — In this city or on train to Napa, heavy
silver cigarette case; monogram G. N. Proper
reward when returned to 310 Sansome st.
$10 REWARD- Lost near Market and McAl-
lister sts.. lady's gold watch; monogram A.
L. S. Return 2434 Pine st.
LEFT In Columbia Theater last Saturday
night pair of pearl-mounted opera-glasses;
$15 reward for return to 2716 Sacramento.
LOST — 2 bunches of keys. Return to 1837 JT1U-
more st. ; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th« California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs old sold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter.721 Mlsslon;tel.Maln 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. Q'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. offlce & residence, 1013 Mkt.. op. 5th.
"DRUGS cannot do It"; Inclose 75c In stamps
to Kinney Medicine Co.. Los Angeles, for a
bottle of famous "K. R. K. R-." Ktrney's
Rheumatic and Kidney Remedy, a pure distil-
lation from the buds and berries of our for-
est trees^ — pines, firs, etc.; not the balsam,
hut the essence; grave troubles— rheumatism,
sciatica and urinary disorders — are relieved
at once. • .
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home la
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to lOOSi-j Market st., opposite 5th st.
MRS. D. WYETH — Well-known ladles' special-
ist. 30 years' experience, removed to lOOS^i
Market St.. opp. 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 3.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th, a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, haa 25 yrs.*
experience in midwifery cases, takes ladies be-
fore and during Confinement; best motherly
care; infants adopted; confinements, $15; rm.
&board $5 week; all who- are sick or In trouble
consult me before going eJaew're. TeL Blue-Ill.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. . Moved from
1228 to 1126 Market st. '
MRS. DR., GOODWIN, ladles' reliable spedal-
lst; maternity hospital; home for infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market St.. nr. Sixth.
treats ladles only; relief in all cases taken.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases .cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont it.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Sgcar st. {
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250. will sell If taken at once for $100 casha
bust 38. Box 1728, Call offlce.
SECOND-HAND boilers, engines, pumpe, dyna-
mos, water pipe and belting. H. S. WHITE.
- 130 Beale st. ??; r y..
WANTED — To sell good collection of postage
stamps, containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX, 418 Sutter st.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISyiTJ
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t«
4 LARGE cupboards and wardrobes for sals
cheap. 174 Hickory ave.. near Gough st.
FOR sale — A fresh Durham cow; second calf.
122 Farallon st., Ocean View.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand-
machinery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale tt.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried la stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines A boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MIS CELLA VS^S WAXTS.
BIG priceTpm'f^rsealskln coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlce. 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484. « *
t wtll. Day Rood cash prices for old sealskins;
send pottalY will call. Box 4960. Call offlce.
TtLTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. IS* 9th st.: tel. Jessie 2851.
Wanted 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWks..41STurk.
MONEY
T2TR~12cCOLGANr^4"Montgomery «t-. roomlC
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender. *
On first mortgages. \
Cm second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate.
On estates la probate. 'j
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
A-HEEMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bl»
/. $4,500,000 at Lowest Rates..;
......On First and Second Mortgages
...::... On Life Interests. In Estates
Property Being Held In Trust..'.'...
Undivided- Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes
.- IF YOU NEED MONEY.......
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
MONEY to loan in^ums to suit on real estate,
household furnityre, etc., at lowest rate of
interest; privatejand confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO., 105J Ellis St.; room 10 (Glasgow
block). f .
ON real estate, /st or 2d mortgages and on furl
nltureor piatios; no removal; any amount" "
lowest rates./ BECKER. 36 Geary St.. rm. 30.
ON furniture/ pta.nos: lowest rate: no removal-
strictly prU-ate. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister «C
CARPET BEATING AIVD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
iu? works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;uphcister-
lng.1213 Market,bet.Sth&9th ;teI.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE~Carpet-cIeaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
. tel. Main 30i. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2C3. .
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ;
IMPROVED carpet-clcanlng works. 1512 Polk;
v tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
COTTAGES TO LET. .
A 5-ROOM cottage to let at 3504 Mission St.;
rent $10.
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 9 Priest st., off
Washington, bet. Jones and Leavenworth. ¦ '
SUBUUUAX— TO^LF.T,^
MENLO (Fair Oaks) new cottage; 7 rooms,
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON, 78
Geary st. • '¦ ' ' ' ¦ . i
IJEXTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL GLJNfcTJjO9 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crown? $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours, 9 am. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, C Turk st., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
• gas .given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors 335 Kearny, cor. Bush —
! Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
ME5TER, 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS 11 Polk st. -
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL. Dressmaking and Millinery S?hcol;
corset-making- taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st.. bet. 7th/ and 8th.
EDUCATIONAJL.
HEALD'S S^H^oX~C^^L^C^TRICAL~ENGI^
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College, 1236 Market st.
A — GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 13S2 Market st. on or about May 1, 1902.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OP MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and . mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
¦
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Thelan building. , ; '
A — $50; LIFE scholarship at AYRES' Business
College, 723 Market st.. pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
writers; positions secured; catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18G4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modprn methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin -st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
GOLDEN Gate Cora'l Ccllese, 530~Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; posit'n when qualified.
-VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class. $1 mo. 42U O'Farrell; phene Pine 433.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
' SPANISH, French, etcProf.DeFilippe's Academy
of Languages,32CPost;esta.b'dlS71;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 14S4 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & 'typewriting; individual ln-
struction ; Pitman system ; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. (3th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery Bt.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1803; new 80-page catalogue free.
L1.EVATOKS.
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff,5G5 Mission ;tel. John 3S56.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE ejid Japanese Employment Office-
Rest help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelllgsnce Offlce — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. '-gush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help ; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Ciay.
RF<LIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
EMPLOYJIEKT WANTED FEMALE.
BY first-class North German governess; young;
best of references. Call J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter St.; phone Main 5306.
SITUATIONS wanted by Scotch cook and
daughter as second girl; very best of refer-
ences. J. F. CROSETT & CO., -334 Sutter.
COMPETENT, willing woman will do house-
work; Is good cook; good, bread and pastry
maker; wages $1S to $20. 112 Tehama st., off
Second. • . .
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chll-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper or cook
• for men. Call 68 to 7(5 Ellis st.,-. room 131,
between 1 and 4 d. m.
DRESSMAKER and cloak suit maker, first-
class cutter and fitter, wants a few, more en-
gagements by the day; city or country. -MISS
E. C. BARSS, 16 De Boom st. ; .
CAPABLE, refined elderly woman wants place
as . housekeeper ; is neat, economic cook and
laundress; likes children; wages $10 to $12.
Box 1754, Call office.
SWEDISH girl; first-class cook and house-
worker; best references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st. ' . '
COMPETENT woman wants work by day;
"washing, ironing, sweeping and window
cleaning; references. Address H., 615 Larkin.
WOMAN » wants work by the . day, washing
or housecleaning. Please call at 701 Natoma.
YOUNG eclored woman would like a place as
cook or second girl; can furnish good city
references. Address MISS DORA BLALOCK,
2125 Lombard st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth st., room 7. first floor.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do general
housework. 1005 Wisconsin, bet. 24th'& 23th.'
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tho
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at' 1096
Valencia st.' y ' ¦ ' '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE."
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish man wants any kind
of work: references. - MRS. NORTON, . 313
Sutter st. - - . •¦..-¦'•.
SWEDISH young man.; understands all kinds
of work;- references. -* MRS. -NORTON, 313
..Sutter at. -. .. - "¦"' y , . . , - - : _ ;
COMPETENT gardener wants situation; - un-
derstands care of horses;- references. ¦ Box
1748, Call offlce. y ~ y \
YOUNG German wishes position as driver* on
delivery wagon' or as coachman .and ; work
' around the house. ..Box 1636, Call office. ;- :~,
MAN and wife want situations; wife flrst-clas3
•: American cook, man. useful about' place '¦ or
store. Box 1631, Call office.
I SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of . The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
j BRANCH OFFICES— 027 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C3U McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22i;i Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1VM Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 'J }>. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING ftOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. *^pf*
Scottish Rite of Kree-Masonry, will be g\
l;tlii in Cotnmandcry Hall, Masonic A^V
'I'emjUe. on THURSDAY EVENING, <S£LV
May H, 1902, «t S o'clock; fifth degree.
HENRY BURNER. t?ecretary.
CALIFORNIA Comrr.andery So. 1, K.
T.; S Post st. — Officers and members
arp requested to assemble in the asy- nP*
!um on THURSDAY, Mey 8, at 1 KM
o'clock p. m.. lor the purpose of at- w
tending the luneral of our deceased frater.
Sir HENRY DAMKEOEGER. By order of
the Commander.
HiRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. «T~
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY*
EVENING, May 8. at 7:30 o'clock: j£j?
second decree. By order.of the Mas- 'XT*
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodsre No. 120. F. and A. r»
M. — Special meeting THIS (THURS- .JV^
DAY) EVENING, at 7::iu o'clock; first >S5f
degree. Masons cordially Invited. By iv'
order of t*e \V. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, m
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- .#»_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock for }£ J\
first decree. By order of the Mas-' V »
ter. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodze No. 216. F. and A. M.— a
Special meeting THIS (THURSDA1")
EVENING, at 7:.:u o'clock; third de- 'SJ?
gree. Master Masons are cordially »^r '
Invited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v «Sr >,
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) (iSj
EVENING at Fraternity Hall. 32 •*XX£*
O'Farrell St.. at 8 o'clock. Stran- ***?•
gers welcome.
JOHN H. McINXIS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE FCLLERTON. Recorder.
THE Associated Veterans of the Mexl- fry/A*
can War — Annual meeting at hall. ? <£p. *
on THURSDAY, May 8. Palo AltoASSL
day. WM. L. DUNCAN. .Sect
THE California Debris Commission. having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from H. L. Clark, in the
Gold Point mine, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings In the dam of the
Golden Needle mine in Dry Creek, and from
M. P. Beever, in the Castello mine, at
Brownsville, Yuba County, to deposit tailings
in Dry Creek, gives notice that a meeting
tvill be held at room 91, Flood buildinr, San
Francisco. Cal.. on May 19, 1902, at 1:30
p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— A meeting of
the' rtcckholdera of" the United Crude Oil
Company will be. held at the office of th*
«rmpacy, 418 Parrott building, in the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Call- 1
fornia. on TUESDAY, May 13. 1902, at 12
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
¦ advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet; j
no charge without success; established 1« yrs.
G. \V. HOWE, 850 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees:
all cases. J. M. THURSTOX. 819 Market st_
L. S. CLARK. Emma SpreckeJs bldg.. »27 Mar-
ket st.; consultation tree; no fees In advance.
UlCVCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market st.
ItlltDS. DOGS, ETC.
. WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet Etock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 154t> Market st..bet.8th&9th.
ROBISON'S BIRD STORE^ "
335 and 337 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
Largest and best appointed place In the country.
BOOKS- — XEW AXD OL1>.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market; teL Howard 1946.
BOOKS, new and old. bought, sold and ex- I
changed. W. L. PAXSOX. 22 Seventh et. I
BIS1XESS CUAACES.
A— $750; CORKER delicatessen store with
three nice living rooms, in the choicest loca-
tion in the city; rent $23; only cause of sale
owner accepted Government position. In-
qulre R. G. WILKE, 2tJ^4 Kearny st.
A — $275; SALOON, with hall. In. first-class lo-
cation, on fc-an Mateo electric R. EL; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
? — $C50; CORNER saloon, on Folsom st. ; rent
$25; good paying business; value in sight; j
large transient custom. Call R. G. WILKE, !
26^ Kearny et. j
A— $1250; HAMMAM, Turkish and Russian j
baths; large patronage; all latest improve- j
ments; first-class location. See R. G.
WILKE. 2014 Kearny at. ]
A— ?2500; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
building; a good business; daily receipts
about $75, or owner will take honest man
__ for partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $400; CORNER saloon en Montgomery st.;
rent $25; owiier must sell at once, as family
affairs call him East. R. G. WILKE, 26>i
Kearny st.
A — $Uo0; SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$12 50; place is estab. for many years and
coing a good-paying business; only reason
for sale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; HARDWARE, cutlery and tool
store doing a large business; location first
class; rent low; stock will invoice the price.
cr party willing to take stock. Call R. G. I
WILKK. 20^ Kearny et.
A— $55(i; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
store; no better location in this city; living
rooms; a good-paying business. Call R. G.
\\ ILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A — J25U0; COItXER saloon on Montgomery
st. ; established f cr years and known as first-
cUiss paying propsition; rent $175; return
rent W; investigate : at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny bC
A— $150; PARTNER wanted; suited to pialu
steady yo.ung man satisHed with $15 to $20 a
week; no previous experience required; short
hours. 25 Geary St., room L
A— ?3w; PARTNEP. wanted in established bus-
lnefs: $18 to ?25 a week; too much work for
one; no nijrht or Sunday work; duties light
and easily learned; trial given before buyinc
2.» Geary Ft., room 1.
FIRST-CLASS country hotel; must be sold on
account of sickness; price $2500; average
monthly business $3130; this Is a chance for
1 or 2 hotel men; half cash and half to suit-
full investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBRIDE & CO 'S 765
Market st. '
TTE have lodKing-houses. stores, restaurants
laundries, ealouns, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and; country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR. 713 Market St.. room 4o£
DE FREITAS & SIMS. 413 Kearny st.. Real
Estate and Bustners Agents. We buy sell
and make quick exehanzes In real estate
lodging houses, business opportunities; money
loaned on furniture at lowest rates.
$9000— A good opportunity to obtain a half
Interest in a manufacturing plant, including
a half interert Id th«s realty; location cen-
tral; convenient to S. P. R. n.; see owner
by calling on J. ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery.
NURSERY and florist business for asJe; bar-
gain; owner must leave the city by 'july
buyer can work himself into the business by
working for salary until he wishes to take
pcsfccgsion. CARLSON, SCO Ilaizht st.
A — 30 CIG*R*tar.d*; prices. $75 to $2000; rents
f<5 to $125 monthly; profits. $2 to $7 dally
HEDGES. 461-4(3 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
CROCERT ar.d especially bar; downtown; best
I corner in city. Inquire BEN J. GOLMAN 119
Bu*h st '
$250 WILL buy best fitted up, well established
ar.a centrally located real estate office in the
city; fine opportunity. Box 940. Call offlce.
FOR sale — A calcon with good stock of liquors;
lunch served dally. . Call at once. 521 Market.
FOIi »;ale — An evening paper route, centrally
lcctttd. Box 932. Call office.
HBT.P W A5TKn— 1W A 1.TI C--». .. : _
A— MURRAY & READY. . : .. .Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 a. m.~. ;....
Nevada. ........... To-day .Free
;..... STATE OF NEVADA..
Carload of teamsters.... Nevada.... Free fare
Carload of laborers ..... Nevada Free fare
500 rockmen .100 drillers Nevada
Wages $2 25. $2 50 and $3 day Free fare
Fee for above work, $1.
...... MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Cabinetmaker city Jqb ; carpenter, city, $3 50
day; 3 blacksmith helpers. $40 and found
and $52..
Blacksmith, ranch. 75c fare $50 and found
Blacksmith's helper, country shop $52
S blacksmiths, shops and ranches
I ...'. .$2 E0 and $3 day
Woodworker, country shop : $3 day
Bench hand, planing mill, $3 day; 4 carpen-
ters, $3 day; e rough carpenters, $2 50 day.
MISCELLANEOUS
5 laborers for gold mine. $60; 5 sack sewers
for a large factory, $2 30 day; 10 laborers,
no experience, factory, city; 5 boys, city;
5 men to make wire beds, city factory;
machine men; leather worker, city Job;
6 stablemen and buggy washers and
hostlers. $30 to $60; farmer and wife, 90c
fare, $40 and found; man and wife, private
place, country, $40 and found; 5 section
hands. S. P. Cc's work; 150 laborers and
teamsters, city and country, $1 75 to $2 50
day; 2 carriage painters.
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
FARE PAID ;.
150 laborers, fare paid, no experience neces-
sary, mills. yard3 and woods, different lumber
companies. $30 and $35 and found; cut-off
sawyer, shingle mill ; 3 snipers, $57 60 and
found; 3 shingle packers.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
HAY FIELDS, ETC.
60 men to work In hay fields, $30 to $40 and
found; 5 men to run mowers; etc.; 10 scraper
.teamsters, large ranch, $30 and found; 36
farmers, orchard and vineyard hands, $26
to $30 and found; 40 milkers, dairies all parts
of State. $30, $35 and $40 and found; 7
cheese and butter makers, $35 and $40 and
found; 9 choremen and boys. $25, $20 and $13.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS
Cook, small hotel, Arizona, $50, fare paid;
15 cooks, different places, $30 to $50 and
found; second and third bakers and helpers,
$40. $35, and $25; 2 butchers; butcher,
country shop. $30 and found; 15 dishwashers
and kitchen hands, $20 and $25; 2 bedmakers,
$30; 3 waiters, boat, $25; porters; 5 waiters.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced fry cooks, waiters and
kitchen help; no fee. 626 Montgomery st.,
room 1.
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash; plain work; no experience required; $15
week; steady place. BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED — Experienced second cook for res-
taurant; good pay; no fee. 526 Montgomery
St.. room 1.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
MAN wanted to take charge of a dairy of 100
cows. Address box 34. lone. Amador Co.. Cal.
DISHWASHER wanted; experience necessary.
310 Montgomrey st. : -. ¦ ¦ : -' i'**
WANTED — Experienced furniture packer.
JOHN BREUNER COMPANY. 957 Market.
WANTED— Plumber at 2987 Sixteenth st. __
BARBERS — Two-chair shop, furnished, to let.
Ninth ave. and H st., south of park.
WANTED— Cashboys, $15 a month. ROOS
BROS., 25-37 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher. 612 Kearny st.
A LUNCH waiter at 560 Howard st.
WANTED — A waiter and dishwasher. 1502
Kentucky st. •
WANTED — Experienced man to work In fruit
store. 1440 Kentucky st. . 'i.i"
BEDMAKER. . 26 Turk st V
WANTED— Press hand for tin. Apply at 143
Beale st. v
WANTED — First-class shoemakers on .repair-
ing. 30% Clay st. --'-:
ERRAND boy wanted who can read and write.
509 Kearny St.. room 2. ' . * ¦
ELEVATOR boy. $7 a week. 126 Ellis st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 125 Seventh st. ; >*.-/'.
GOOD bootblack wanted. 2003 FUlmore St..
corner of Pine.
WANTED — Shoemaker on under repairing. 402
Post st.
YOUNG man as assistant in pantry. Call Bo-
hemian Club, corner Post st. and Grant ave.
EXPERIENCED kitchen man wanted. 631
Clay st.
WANTED — Lunch cook in saloon at 11 Pacific
street.
WANTED — A strong errand boy. Call between
9 and 10 at 123 Pine st. *
WANTED — First-class wrapper. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market st.
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., except Sunday, St. Nicholas Hotel,
room 237, 1606 Market st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED — Errand boys, large, not under. 15
years of age; good chances for advancement.
Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN COMPANY,
124 Sutter st. ;
ENERGETIC young man. genteel appearance.
/ to take permanent charge city soliciting for
established business; $18 per: week. Room
115. Phelan building. _ ~
WANTEDr-Bright. wide-awake man with $200
cash as partner In profitable offlce business;
big money for right party.. For full particu-
lars apply P. S. DE LUC A, 318 Kearny. 1.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in ' de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. :
WANTED — Live energetic man to present first-
class investment proposition; salary and com-
mission; must have refs. Box 1635, Call.
WANTED — An experienced window frame cut-
ter; also bench hand. Ingler ¦& Young Mill
Co., Fourth and Washington sts., _ Oakland.
WANTED — Bench hands for brass works. Ap-
ply superintendent, after 10 a. m., THOMAS
DAY CO.. 725 Mission st. '
WANTED— Boys about 15 years of age to learn
a trade. Apply superintendent, after 10 a.
m.. THOMAS DAY CO.. 725 Mission st.
WANTED — A few bright boys to work In shirt
factory. Apply THE L. ELKINS CO.. 29
and 31 Battery st. .----,-.
WANTED — Tailor to work on coats. Apply at
141 Seventh st. . . y V¥
BARBER shop wanted, downtown. Address
720 Post st. • ,
BARBER shops supplied with towels, 40c per
100. Phone Kate 26..
BARBER wanted— Good barber, $15 week. . J
J. SCHNEIDER. San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
WANTED— Miners for Alaska, 60c hour and
board; must pay fare. Box 808. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted, tll-115 Larkin.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
m - price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your -shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 00c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts?
A FIRST-CLASS foreman wanted for coat de-
partment; good steady position to the right
party; good wages, p. j. b.. box 1711. Call.
WANTED— Two good coopers for making
• kegs. Apply JOHN OCHSNER. Sacramento:
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
B Viv5? a ». For a 8quare deaI *° t0
r LANE'S., 604 Da-CBs st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Solicitor. \ Call at 1322 Pacific St..
between 8 and 10 a.im.-; -
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tul-
tlon. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
• big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy. new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr.' 5th.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; free
bus and baggage, to and from ferry.
A BRANCH "office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. . ¦. .:.."^~
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, . 16 - pages, sent .to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
, postage padd. -
, y. .'./. . ''.,¦ HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent— Teutonla Hall.' 1332 Howard St.. bet.
9th and 10th,- for a term of years; barroom,
large and small halls and all fixtures connect,
ed therewith. - For' particulars address : F.
HAGEMANN, Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.arrived. . '
" Wednesday. May T.
Stmr- Albion River. Jacobs, 100 hours from
P ° rtHadlOCk i5OMESTlC PORTS." -.
EUREKA— Arrived May 7— Stmr Santa Mon
ica, hence May 5. --¦ ¦>'--¦ ¦¦ '_ _
Sailed May 7 — Schr J G Wall, for San Fran
cisco: stmr San Pedro, for San Francisco. :
ASTORIA — Arrived May 7 — Stmr Ventnor.
from Calcutta. Tla San Francisco; schr Charles
R. Wilson, from' San Francisco. ¦_
TACOM A— Arrived May 7— Stmr John S
Kimball, from San Francisco. .,"•¦;•«
SEATTLE— Arrived -May 7— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skagway; stmr City of Seattle, from
Skagway: stmr Rainier, from Grays Harbor
Sailed May R— Ship Roanoke. for New York;
U S rtmr Columbine, for Astoria.
PORTLAND — Sailed May 7 — Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
¦ t OCEAN STEAMER. '
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May 7— Btmr St
Louis, from New York.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
- Albert J. and Emma V. Raisch to City Real
ty Company (corporation) block bounded by
Sixth and Seventh avenues, H and Hugo
streets; also lot on SE corner of Second avenue
and I street. E 240 by S 144:5% ;. also lot/on
SW comer of Second Uvenue and I street. W
240. S 285. E 120. S 30. W 120. S 98:8%. NE
250:2%, N 342:11; also block bounded by I and
Parnassus streets, Third ; and Fourth avenues •
also block bounded by I and Hugo streets
Sixth and Seventh avenues j also entire Outside
Land blocks 668 and 669; also block bounded
by; I and Hugo streets, Third and Fourth ave
nues; also block bounded by I and Hugo streets
Second and Third avenues; also lot on SE cor
ner of Second avenue and . H: street. S 270 E
240, N 199, NW 72,, thence on curve to point
W 42 ;i also block ' bounded by I and Hugo
streets. First and • Second avenues; also entire
Outside Lands blocks 676 and 677; also lot on
SE corner of Seventh avenue and I street. E
240, 1 S 225, W 120>N 75, W 120. N 150. also
lot • on NE * corner of Seventh " avenue and J
street, ' E 240 by . N 225; also entire Outside
Lands ..blocks 763 and. 764; also block bounded
by - Parnassus and K streets and Fourth and
Fifth avenues; also block bounded by K street,
Laguna Honda (Serpentine) road and Fifth ave
nue ; also block • bounded by K street. Laguna
Marie F. Ilsen (widow) to Albert Palmer
lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 225 S of H
street, S 25 by W 120; $10. . :
Same to same, lot on SE line of Harri3on
street, 175 NE of Ninth. NE 100 by BE 275; $10
Jane A. Ingalls to E. Amy carlson (wife of
C. Robert), re-record 1934 D. 169, SE. corner
Eighteenth avenue and California street. E
53:4 by S 96: $10. . • .-:¦¦ •
' Elizabeth and Harry T. Blackwood. to Chris
tian Gehret, lot on SE line of Harrison street
175 NE Ninth. NE 100 by SE 170; also lot
on SE line of Blackwood street, 175 NE Ninth
NE 100 by SE 75; $10. -
John Henley to Charles S. Healey, lot on
NE line of Downey, street (Langton), 1S1 SE
Bryant. SE 30 by NE 80; $3250.
¦ William Bankowskl ¦ to May ¦ E. Bankowski
(wife), lot on E line of Leavenworth street
60 N of Washington. N 45:6 by E 137:6; gift.
Mary E. Bankowskl (wife of William) to
Clifford T. and W. Laurie Sanford, undivided
Vi of same; $10.
Mary E. Sanford to Clifford 1. Sanford (hus
band), all same; gift.
Ida M. Sanford to W. Laurie Sanford (hus
band), same; gift. ¦ . ¦
¦¦"• Joseph and Max J. Brandenstein (trustees
estate Albert S. Rosenbaum, Joseph Branden
stein, Julia and Virginia . Strassburger and
Samuel M., Charles W. and Albert M. Rosen
baum and Jane Brandenstein) to Isaac Up
ham, lot on NE corner " Pine and Battery
streets, N 91:8 by E 87:6; $10.
. Ellen and John Markham to Carl V. and
Eva E. Heegaard. lot on W line of Capp street
65 N of Twenty-fifth. N 65 by WA15; $10. '
Eugene J. and Sadie V. Daley to Lus Cooper,
lot on N line of Army street, 101:10 E of Dia
mond. E 25 by N 114: $10.
Augustine C. Martin vs. Will R. Henry Jr.
(minor) et al. (by Ralph L. Hathorn, referee)
to D von der Mehden. lot on N line of Twen
ty-fifth street, 65 E of Mission. E 25 by N 65;
$1000.
Diedrich Schwartz to Maria E. Schwartz,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth and Valen
cia streets. S 65 by E 117:6; gift.
Herman H. and Margaret Gerken to Jamna
Lawrence, lot on W line Of Shotwell street, 230
N of Twenty-first.' N 25 by W 122:6; $10. '
City and County of San Francisco to Anna
O. Duffy, lot on E line of Valencia street, 120
N of Seventeenth. N 65 by E 87:6; $—— .
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth, executrix) to J. H. T. Wat
klnaon, lot on N line of Frederic* stre.et, 32:6
W of Stanyan. W 176. N 75:114. E to point,
S 59:1; also lot on N line of Frederick street,
28 E" of Wlllard. E 110, N 81:11%. W 100:5.
S 81; $20,700. :
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, same, quit
claim deed: $1.
J. J. McDade to Maurice and Mary Bride,
lot on NW line of Folsom street, 37:6 SW of
Twelfth. SW 23 by NW 87:6; $10.
- Agnes Foster to Charles S. Healey;' lot on
W line of Cole street, 100 S of Hayes, S 25 by
W 103:1%; $10.
Mary J. Hatman to L.. Firpo and Luigi An
gelo, lot on N line of Filbert street, 160:3 E
of Gough. E 25:3 by N 165; $10.
Rosalie Greenebaum to Wlnslow Anderson,
lot on N line of Pacific avenue. 207 ;6. W of
Gough. street, W 35 by N 137:6; «1O.
Irene M. and Dan E. H. W. Wray to Sam
uel Wray (father), all Interest in lot on N line
of Filbert street, 62:6 W of Octavla, W 25 by
N 100; f— —.
. John H. Miller to Valence V. Bloch. lot on
SE corner of Laguna and Vallejo streets. S 50
by E 100; ?10, .
Estate of Catherine E. Mohrmann. (by C.
Qulnn and J. E. O'Donnell, executors) to Ade
laide R, Dooley. (wife of James M.), lot on N
line of Oak street. 171:10% W of Laguna, W
34:4% by N 120; $7000.
City and County of San Francisco to Minnie
A. Taylor, lot on N line of Clay street, 140 E
of Flllmore, E 25 by N 90: $ .
-Julia F. and Mary F. C. Fltzpatrtck to G.
B. Perotti and G. B. Dematol, lot on E line of
Aveiy street, 175 N of Geary. N 25 by E 94:6;
$10. '
Georgiana B. and Henry K. Belden to Kath
erlne M. Buneman (widow), lot on N line of
Broadway, 145 W of Stelner, W 42:6 by N
137:6; flO.
Wells, Fargo & Co. (corporation) to Ada C.
Martin (administratrix of estate of Robert C.
Chambers), lot on - N line of Vallejo street.
68:9 W of Scott, W 63:1% by N 137:6; also lot
on SW corner of McAllister and Scott streets,
S 137:6 by W 133:9; also lot on S line of Mc-
Allister street. 188:9 W of Scott. W 117:6 by
S 137:6; also lot on NW corner of Fulton and
Wlllard streets. N 15Q. W 86, S 12:6, W li,
S 37:6. E 25, S 100, E 75; also lot on N line
of Fulton street. 145:2 W of WHlard, W 60
by N 1J7:6: also lot on SW corner of Frederick
and Wlllard streets, S 275, W 100. N 137:6, W
75, S 137:6, W 9t:4. NE to point, E 226:11.
quitclaim deed; $1.
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to H. B. Plnney. lot
on S line of Greenwich street, 78 W of Brod
erick, W 30:2 by S 125; $10.
Albert and Hy man Marx to same, lot on N
line of Filbert street, 38:2 W of Broderick,
W 70 by N 75; $10.
WEDNESDAY. MAY 7.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Barbara Brunner. widow (owner) with W.
B. Grant (contractor), architect All work
for a 2-story and basement . frame bulletins (2
flats) on W line of Dolores street. 156- N of
Twenty-second.- N 26 by W 125, Mission block
89; total. $3420. _te_5_s_»HW«a
Florence Heine (owner) with George J.' Doer-
Ing (contractor) . architect All work except
mantels, gas fixtures and window shades for
two 3-story frame- building:* (3 flats each) on
E line of Webster street. 82:6 N of Geary,' N
C5 by E 68:9; total, $11,719.
• Henry Myers (owner) with John F. Mlllerlck
(contractor), architect H. E. Harris — AH work
for a 2-story frame building with basement on
W line of Ninth -avenue. 350 S of I -street. ; W
120 by S 25: total. $2400.
Mra. Caroline Cook (owner) with William
Linden (contractor). Rousseau & Son archi
tects — All work except j mantels and ga_ fix
tures for a 3-story frame building (flats) on
S line of Sacramento street. 112:6 W of Leav
enworth. W 25 by 8 60; total. $66G0
Thomas G. Crothers (owner) with A. C
Souie - (contractor), architect Edward 'L*
Holmes — AH work for a 2-story attic and base
ment frame building' on NE corner of Pacific
avenue and Baker street, N 127:8ii by E 40
total. I10.S30. • »**••«'.
Builders' Contracts.
George E. Reynolds (single) to Hans* V
Morrison, lot 17, block B, map Knox Tract
property Milo and William Knox adjacent to
tov.-n of Haywards, Eden. Township ;•$!()
C. Schnelle (widower) to Patrick and Eliz
abeth O'Farrell, lot on W line of Eighth
street. 175 9 of University avenue, S 50 by W
13, N 50, E 102, Berkeley; also lot on W
line of Eighth street, 150 N of Addlson. i I*
25- W 113. N 50. W 33, S 75.: E 130, deed
given to correct description in 182 r> 383 and
3C9 D. 115 and 182 D. 383, Berkeley; $10 K
Luna P. and Hansford B. Griffith to J. L.
Shuman, lot on N line of Channing way. 75
Wof Dana street; W 75 by N 130. block 12
map of property of College Homestead Asso
ciation, Berkeley: $10.
Georglana de Rohan Baronidls (widow) "to
Frank E. Deach. lots 12 to 14 and 36 to 88.
block 28, Map I. M. Wentworth Boot and
Shoe Company" s tract, Berkeley; $10.
E. R. and Bella Lilienthal to George T-
Hammond, lot on S line of Virginia street
120:1% W of Chestnut. W 66 by S 135:6, be
ing portion of block 10, Curtis Tract; portion
block 64, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Berke
ley: ?10. - " ¦."•¦' .-. .--•-.
George J. and Mary E. Richardson to E. "R.
Lilienthal, re-record 389 D 146. SW corner
of Chestnut and Folsom streets, W 18_:1<A by
S 133:6, NE %. block 10. Curtis Tract, Berke
ley; $10. .
Plummer Improvement Company (Corpora
tion) to Edward B. Seeley. lot on E Iln-* 'o£
Etna street.. 60 S of Kearney avenue, S 50 by
E 135, block 5, map of property of John
Kearney, Berkeley; $10. • .
Betsey E. Lake to Allen H. Lake .(hus
band), lot 6. block K, Map of j Knowlea | __
Potter: subdivision of Kennedy Tract, East
Oakland; gift.
Edson F., John Charles Adams and Julia P.
A. Prather to William O. Badgley, beginning
at a point on W line of proposed extension
of Lee street, being most E corner of lot for
merly conveyed to Wllliam\E. Palmer et al..
807. D. 247, thence SW 150, thence along a
curve to right with a 350-feet radius the chord
of which bears S 12 degrees 56 minutes. K
49 feet, NE 150 to aforesaid W line of pro
posed extension of Lee street, thence along
said line on a curve to left with a 500 feet
radius the chord of which bears N 12 degrees
56 minutes, W 70 to beginning, being a portion
of plat 21, V. and D. Peralta Rancho, Oakland;
?10. _-_ . . __ _
Charles D. Brackett (single) to Hugo Karew
ski, lot on " N line of Eighteenth* street, 150
W of West. W 30 by N 100; portion lot 12,
block S. Map Barnes .Tract, Oakland ; $10.
Mary Willmott (wife of Charles) to Patrick
Cahill, lot on S lino of Sutter street. 7C9-.54
E of Park, E 50.03. S 84.81. W 50. N 85.75.
lot 15, bl<yk C, Map Gaskill Tract. Oakland;
$10.-
Same to Leo E. Fenton, lot on NW line of
Howe street. 60 SW of Forty- first (formerly
Booth). SW 30 by NW 125, lot 8, block D,
same. Oakland; $10.
Andrew J. Delllnger (single) to E. E. Lay
mance lot on W line of Hellen street, 150 N
of A street, N 25 by W 133. subdivision C of
lot 11. block 793, Map No. 2, Watts Tract.
Oakland; $10. - . .
J. F. Meyer (widower) to Jay M. Fenton.
lot on NW line of Howe street. 9O SW ot
Booth, SW 30 by NW 125, lot 7, block D. Map
Thermal Hill (formerly Howe Tract). Oakland;
Carr-Realty Company (corporation) to J. D.
and J. J. Armstrong:, 160 acres In NE % of
section 25, township 1 2 S, R 1 E. Murray Town
ship, except improvements on said property
(subject to lease held by Margaret Henry,
which expires September SO, 1002); $10.
Louis L. Alexander to Daisy A. M. Alex
ander, lot on N line of Prospect avenue. 53
E of Summit street, N 125 by E 50, Oakland;
Same to Frances H. (or Fannie Ethel) Alex
ander lot on N line of Prospect avenue, KXt
E of Summit street, N 125 by E 50, Oakland;
gift.
Louisa R. ' Cunningham (widow) to Jerry
Sullivan lot on E line of Wood street, 106 S
of Lincoln, S 27 by E 90, lot 6. block A. Map
Toland Tract on Seward and Lincoln streets,
Oakland Point. Oakland; $10.
Salem T. Chapin to Flora E. Chapin (wife).
lot 12 in block 25, map of Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift. : ¦
William H. Chapman, and as trustee under
657 D. 117 and. 748 D. 38, etc., to same, same;
$ieo. j . -
A. Mecartney to John Nlcholl Company (cor
poration), lot 6 in section 82. township 1 N, R
4 W. being tract of tide lands in San Francisco
Bay Oakland Township (quitclaim deed): $30.
Louis D. Reeb (single) to -Thomas and Mary
Jones (wife), lot on S line of Eighteenth street,
200.10 W of San Pablo avenue. W 38, S 90.20,
SE 38, N 00,44, lot 27 and W 13 feet of lot 26,
map of Johnson Tract. Oakland; $10.
Ralph K. and Arthur K. Blair (sons of Mary
L. K. B. Yarde-Buller) to M. Van Ostrand,
lot on S line of Eighth street extended E.. 240
E of Fallon, S 10. E to intersection with patent
line of Vicente- Peralta or San Antonio Rancho.
NE along said patent line to intersection with
S line of Eighth street extended E. W along
said last line to beginning Oakland (quitclaim
deed); $1.
George T. Wright (guardian estate of Mary
L. K. B. Yarde-Buller, incompetent) to same,
all Interest In- same; $160.
Augusta Behlow'to William Behlow, lot be*
ginning at a point in W line of San Pablo road,
SE 8.12 chains from NE corner of plat 41*-
SE 135:9 by SW 200. portion of plat 41. Kel
lersberger*s map. Rancho V. and r>. Peralta,
Oakland; also lot on S line of Folger avenue.
242:11% W of San Pablo. S 125 by W 80. lot
57, map property of Villa Homestead Associa
tion. Oakland; $1.
Alameda County.
William Z. and Arrah M. Tiffany and Emma-
M. Macgregor to Mary Tiffany (wife of Peter),
undivided half Interest in lot on NW line of
Mission street, 173:6 NE of Twenty-ninth. NE
151:4% by NW 100, portion of lots 23, M. and
25, Tiffany and Dean Tract: $2400.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association to Alex-»
ander McNutt, lot in cemetery; $10.
Jean Casteret to Emile Quenel, lot on W line
of Victoria street. 175 N of Randolph, N 100 by
W 100, lots 42 to 45, block 37, City Land As
sociation; $10.
Lizzie James. Ellen and Joseph Dunbar to
W. H. Childers, lot on W line of Twenty-fourth
street. 60 N of San Bruno avenue. N 50 by W
100; $2000. ___
S. S. and Annie -M. Reed to Frank W. aiwl
Josephine G. Cornyn, lot on W line pf Ninth,
avenue. 150 S of I street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to Richard P. and Katherlne E. Walsh,
lot on S line of Greenwich street, 112:6 E of
Larkin. E 23 by S 137:6: $10.
W. Frank Whittler to Warring Wilkinson, lot
on NE line of Fremont street, 229:2 SE of
Howard, SE 45:10 by NE 275, reserving party
wall right on above; $10.
Matthew I. Sullivan to Charles R. and Marie
J. Gagan. lot on S line of Greenwich street,
135:6 E of Larkln. E 25:4Vi by S 137:6; $10.
Warr«n B. and. Mary I. Hamilton to same.'
lot on NE line of Sixteenth avenue. 1S8:B NW
of K street. NW 37 :« by NE 100, block 309.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $300.
Honda (Serpentine) road. Fifth and Sixth ave
nues; also lot on SE corner of Seventh avenae
and K "street, S 2S5:5, NE 110,'thence following
meanderings of road to Sixth avenue, thenco
200, W 240; also lot on SE corner of First ave
nue and Frederick street, E 627:4, S 273:7, W
611:10. N 276:6; $10.
Halleck H. Look to Carrie- M.. B. Look, lot
on SE corner of Thirty-first avenue and L.
street. S 100 by E 57:6; $10. •'•;_.;--_
EsUte of Joseph D. Enas (by Mary E. Enas.
administratrix) to J. W. Wright, lot on SEJ
corner of Twenty-ninth avenue and R street.
S 500 by E 120; also lot on SE line of London
street. 150 NE of Persia avenue, NS 150 by
SE SCO, lots 3 and C,' block 12, Excels'.-*- Home
stead; $2355. ' ~
Estate of Joseph D. Enas (by Mary E. Enaa.
administratrix) to Joseph A. Miglia-ticca, lot
on S corner of Brazil and Vienna streets. Sw
300 by SE 400, lots 1 and 2. block 64. Excel
sior Homestead; $975.
Adele Bertrand to Adolph de Bonnet, lot on
E line of California avenue, 75 N of Esraeralda
street, N 25 by E 70. lot 143, gift map 3; $10.
Isabelle Bishop to McCarthy Company (cor
poration), lot 30. block- 48. Sunnyside; $10.
Joseph R. and Margaret Eldridge to Wil
liam B. Esler. lot on NW line of North" avenue.
25:8 SW of Eugenia, SW. 25:3 by NW 70. lot
322, Cobb Tract; $10.
J.-W. McDonald to John H. Orady, lot on NK
line of Falkland street. l_7:ti NW of Savannah.
NW 37:6 by NE 100; SIC
John H. Grady to California Fireworks Com
pany of San Francisco, Limited, same; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1 902.
13
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.' ..
G.'H. UMBSEN & CO., : ; -
• AUCTION. .
Of Investment, . Residence and Unimproved .
' Properties. j -
At our salesroom MONDAY, May 12, r 1902,
At 12 o'clock noon.
: EDWIN B. MASTICK ESTATE. •
Executor's Sale. . :
Subject to confirmation by the court.
Nos. 1 and 2 will be offered to close the <
above estate. : . .-.' i..-,-\
' No. 1. -,¦»> ¦'¦
No. 103 Commercial st., bet Drumm and ;
Davis; improvements consist of a two-story (¦
brick building; lot 25x59:0. . ]
. No. 2. \ -. ..-..•. . .-
The following Outside Lands blocks will be
offered as an entirety: Nos. 1035, 103C, 1037, .'
1039. 1109. 1110. 1111, 1112 and portions of
blocks Nos. 103S, 1040. 1108. 1113, 1114, ¦ 1115,; !
1116. . - v
CHOICE ELLIS -ST. RESIDENCE. V
No. 1919 Ellis st, bet. Scott and Devlsadero; :
a substantial two-story and finished basement J
residence of 9 rooms and bath; sunny and de-
eirable: rent $37 50 per- month; lot 25x137:6. ' ,
BUCHANAN-ST. INVESTMENT. . '
No. 1409 Buchanan st., bet. Ellis and O'Far- |
reil; Improvements consist of cottage of * 4 •
rooms and 2 flats of 3-4 rooms each; rent. $39 ,
per month; lot 25x90. . - . -
GREEN-ST. INVESTMENT. ,
Nos. 717-719 Green st.. bet. Powell and Ma- .
son; improvements consist of dwelling of- 10
1 rocms and bath and 2 flats of 5-fi rooms and \
bath each; bank mortgage of $3000 at 6 per
cent can remain; lot 4(5:6x137:6.
LOMBARD-ST. COTTAGE.
No. 1017 Lombard st.. bet. Leavenworth and
Hyde; cottage of 5 rooms and bath* with stable
In rear; lot 21x137:6. . .
N. D. THAYER ESTATE.
Executor Sale. .
Subject to confirmation 1 by the court.
The following seven pieces of property offered
to close the above estate : • . . ,"
No. 1.
Lot 15, block 2, Lakevlew Tract.
No: 2. •
Lot 11, block 26, Lakevlew Tract.
No. 3.
Part of lot 1, block 12, Ploche & Robinson
subdivision.
No. 4.
Lots 10, 11 and 12. block 738, Outside Lands.
.-¦--:" No. 5. . . .¦
Part of lot 59, block 9. Flint Tract Home-
stead Association. ¦ 1
No. 6. :¦ '.;¦•¦>
Two lots, block 19, Market-st. Homestead
Association. ...
For catalogues and further particulars apply to
. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., . •
, . 14 Montgomery sU":
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
. • _________ \
Prices are advancing -rapidly. Securea lot
without delay.
$100 to $450— Choicest Ocean Boulevard Lots,
all bargains. . ¦ •• *v •
$500 to $1000 — Sunset lots our specialty; all
graded; no one can beat us. Easy terms... ;
Sunset' Branch Office, 9th ave., near H st.
$400 to $800— Choicest Richmond lots selling
fast. Installments. • • / - -- .. .
$1000. $1750 to $3500— Choice Cottages, all
-bargains, easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. '
Room 54, Chronicle Bldg.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRDITVAtE REAL ESTATE. '{¦;.'
FOR sale — 5 acres. Hose- ave. and High st.
Frultvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary' at!
' -~J l J_™ IS LJ__ OR IIOUSEI "EFI_»G.
ARIEL and solar flats, 525-531 Turk — Hot and
cold water, baths, electric lights free; fur-
nlshed or unfur.; tel. East 312. Sutter -41.
BELL, IThe). 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove. $12 to $20. . ¦ 1
BUSH, 1001, cor. Jones^ — Van Nuys; modern
furn.. and unfurn. suites; new house; hot and
cold water: baths; electric lights; first-class.
EDDY, IIS — Sunny 2 rooms for man and wife;
light housekeeping; cheap; gas; running wa-
ter. ¦ ¦ - -, • ¦ • ¦ . *.
EDDY. 724 (middle flat) — Fine front room,
newly and well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold • water, bath, phone, with 2 other
well-furnished rooms, all complete for house-
keeping; every convenience; see them; sult-
able for 2 or 4 adults; reasonable. . .
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping: 3, $12;
. 3. $20; 2 beds; also bath; single. $4 up. .....
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay — $11; 3 large,
sunny unfurnished rooms; nice yard and
water. ¦'.'-'-¦' ".¦*' "' ' . ;
GOLDEN GATE ave., . 622 — 2 sunny front
rooms; bay window; gas range; bath.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished rooms; range; running water; $9.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front parlor suite with
kitchen; also a^ large room; gas stove, and
other suites.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason — Furnished large
sunny front housekeeping room; $10 month.
LARKIN. S19% — Large furnl'hed room light
housekeeping; gas 1 stove; $12 month.
I LEAVENWORTH, 411 — Nicely furnished sun-
ny housekeeping rooms for rent.
OAK, 117 — Extra fine sunny suite, $16; suttej
$8; single, $5, $7; all complete for housek'pg;
, OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary — Sunny fur-
nished room; folding bed; kitchen; gas stove;
sink; pantry. . • ..
POLK, 60J> — : Two large, clean sunny bay-win-
dow rooms; gas stove, running water; rea-
sonable.' . ¦."¦ . -
'SIXTH, 102VS — Newly furnished rooms; also
housekeeping rooms.
SEVENTH, 270 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for
¦ Housekeeping. • -.
STANYAN. 1202 — Sunny upper flat, 4 rooms
and bath; furnishpd-or unfurnished.
THIRTEENTH. ; 189, cor. Howard^Flne suite
rooms, furnished complete for housekeeping;
gas; rent $15. . ¦
' TURK, 543 — Sunny : bedroom and kitchen; gas
1 and bath; $14 50; also front parlor.'
• TURK, 545 — Two furnished housekeeping
.rooms; gas, bath and. phone.
VALENCIA, 1232— 2 nicely furnished rooms
; for housekeeping; gas, stove, bath. '
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Ftllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia st. ' 1
¦ j t<)ojl S 'I'O f-ET—Fnrn. nnd -Int-trti.
" ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
, sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister, cars to door; handsomest
¦ grill room In California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
_5c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
'. light housekeeping rooms; open all night. *
I AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission— Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 30. to
I $1 60 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
• A— EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
¦ A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Chahged hands;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
• ALL choice neat sunny (suites or singles; day,
I week or month; bath; phone. 332 ; Stockton.
,. BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
; nlshed rms., suite;, single; also unfurnished.
I CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
. EARL House, -310 Stockton st. — Changed
hands; elegantly furnished sunny suites; also
single; day, week, month; phone Brown 161.
• ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35c
1 $1 60 night; $1-0. $6 week: open all night.
1 ELLIS. 1229 — Sunny room In elegant new flat
for gentleman. • . -, ¦ • ¦ ¦ . •
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
. cl suites and Blngle; travelers accommodated.
: MINNA, 667, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room; $1 per week; transient."'
? MONTGOMERY. 121 — Handsomely furnished
suites; also single rooms.^$1 50 week up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week,' mo.
O'FAJIRELL, 279— Front room, first floor, $3
per. week; other rooms. $1 50. $2; 25c and 60c.
". O'FARRELL, 914 — Elegajitly furnished sunny
alcove room; running water; private family.
3 LARGE sunny rooms: fine porch and largo
t yard ; suitable for small family. Apply 1 at
25 Perry st. ¦'¦¦.¦ ..-'.
• ROYAL House, .126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
, reading-room, emoklng-ropm and ladies' par-
i lor"; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, : $2
, ¦ to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
• floor; rooms with hot and cold water; -baths.
• SEVENTH, 171. ¦ corner Natoma — Sunny i f ur-
• • nlshed rooms, double or single, by day, .week
V ' or month, .- ., \- ;..;. .-
e SHKRMAN' Apartment House. v 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
" "THE WARREN" — Sunny corner house; single
. and: suites; reasonable. 303 Jessie st., cor.
' "-. 4th;. entrance Jessie «t. .. . , " ;,:.;;
\ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ' has been . established at 1030
., st • .
BIO>"_\". TO LOAJf Conttnneit. 1
Ta^MANHATTAN LOAN CO. vine). £
* <'i(H) 000 at 5 l A and 0 per cent in sums to suit;
Cty. Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terest* in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING. ,
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent^ first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
baie. interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary tt. ; phone Red 1C03.
i HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S40
Market et. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
. " people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 143 Phelan bldg.
ION furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick; .
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;,
reliable party. 1170 Market Et., room OS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, jotc, by private j
party; no removal; no commission; conflden- '
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jcnes.
ELFV1XG. C1C Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal:
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. ti Eddy. r. 104. 5th fir.
Z% OX furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
i Phone Black 170». rattn 81. 0 Eddy, floor 4.
.» Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. ii. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills -building, will loan sums to
suit: interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
HOOP; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried pe°ple on note without
inaorscr. MORRELL. €09 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Lean Co., 309 Fhclan bldg. j
a.rSICAL »>'STHCM_NTS. f
A£ we are closing out the Hallet & Davis
agency on account of the sale of that con-
cern, to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet & Davis $350 styles for $1<55; 200
pianos. 20 different makes to select from;
s6me special bargains:
1 Bourne $47
1 Web?r «5
1 Knsbe 95
1 Marshall 135
:t Smith & Barnes.- $135 to 240
2 Stein way 2C5 ta 3S5
:; Heine 2.">5 to S.«5
2 Chickering 195 to 2S0
5 Organs 15 to 35
Rents. $2: installments. $3. or your own
terms. KEIXE PIANO CO.; Heine Hall,
235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
pr< positions are offered in the way of prices
ar>d torns .?on pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fire pianos and largest
frportment cf best makes to choose frnm.
FHKRMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinnay dealers,
cor. Kfiiry and Sutler sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
tvay and Thirteenth sts, Oakland.
ANY piano sold by u? taken back any time
within 2 years und full jur-chase price al-
lowed on a new jx?erless Kr.abe. at regular
price; costs you only "'»c e day to buy a
\ p-ano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
¦A O'Farrell St. : tFtaWished 18^
attention; bargain-hunters —
Fecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
f-ccond-hami square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BKNJ. CURTAZ &
PON. le to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
and Harnlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
Lt'DWIG pianos — Most ponular of all. For sale
only bv the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Mark**
st., San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes Bt.
A BARGAIN" — Private party must sell at once
elegant walnut case, upright piano, on ac-
count departure for East. 522 Eddy st.
BUY a Wissner or a Baumeister If you want a
reliable article. MAUVAUS'. 769 Market st.
CoRirelled sacrifice by private family leaving.
$550; new upright grand piano. 595 Ellis st.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade upright*,
dropped from c£talogue,$2T>0. Bruenn,20SPost.
*I7O:e-reat eacriftcr-^almoft new cpriffht.SchmUx
6 Co.. 1C McAlliftrr st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
ALMOST new large size Stelnway upright left
on sal«>; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-31 C-31 2 Port St.; Sohmer
tind other pianos and pipe organs.
EUFERXOIX violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI.'LLrR. maJier. repairer. 2 Latham place. ]
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
f_ 50— STORE. 4 rooms; large yard! 1056
Howard ?t. ;best block for business.
$700 — VARIETY store; stock and fixtures for
sale and to let; rent $25. Apply 353 Fifth st.
ROOM 4o2. Parrott bldg.. $16 50 per month.
See DRAKE. 453, next door. ;
STORE r.-ith large basement, below Kearny:
alterations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1. i
PALMISTRY.
A MME. G. L. -\EERGAAi_ri_dTT~t0~4! TOO
Mm Pott ft., comer of Jones: phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOEELLL scientific palmist. C1J
Tav'.nr St.. bet. Geary and PoFt.tel. Black 561.
AND DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; lovrrateTTgeTflSuresT^jr
C. KOMAIXE. 640 G. G. ave. : tel. Polk H23.
¦ PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these fults we make an extra pair
of. pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, 51 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
£t., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms,
1:5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggag-e to- and from the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
OXLY artistic hair dressing. 25c. any style;
thampooing. 50c; manicuring, 25c; largest and
best stock of switches on the coast. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 70& Fifth, Oakland.
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same- es .-white «hlrts; selection 300 patterns.
VIAVI — Home treatment for mothers and
daughters; booklet free. The VIAVI COM-
PANY, 2304-6-8 Van Ness ave. ; tel. East 282.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for cults, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor, 721 Market Bt.'
KOXEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
et W. J. HESTHAL S, 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
A — If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Pr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Fairell;send ¦ for circular.
W SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
W electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
WILL relatives of J. A. Johnson and J. W.
Hern address box S4«. S. F. Call?
Mrs. Bripirs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
T^!. LOR ; MADE eult «- $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
. Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat"
j-ical coEtumer. 2G O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary, r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
QNE MINUTE TOOTH- ACHE DROPS CURE
i nstantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play boJkii wigs'-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt"
DR. LAMOTTE'^ FREXCH CORN PAINT the
best corn cur*. 25c: all druggitrts. ¦/
PHYSXCIAJVS AKD SCRGiSOXS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay unufcureT;
no operation; no detention from bueineM; all
private. disease* treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dns. Forden & Porterfleld. C Turk.
W DR. H. McGREGOR WILLSON has removed
¦* his office from 1122 Market to 1206 Market
Bt., corner Golden Gate ave.',
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— -Of flct and residence.
X021»i Market ct. # bet. Sixth aistf Serenth.
STORAGE AND ! -WAREHOUSES. .
ttERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving : Co.,- of-'
flee Post and Powell. Bts. ; tel. Priv.-Es. 571.;
3OLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
M isslon st. ; tel. " Ho ward - 041: ' F. W. Zehf uss.
3EKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
_tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.- ,A .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : ; phone Jackson 2S1. .'.
• ,'. DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
16, second floor. Mills building, San Fran-
cisco, May 6, 1902. — Dividend No. 200 of 42c.
per share en the capital stock of the Contra
Costa Water Co. will be payable at the. office
of said company, room 16.' second floor, Mills
building, on May-' 15, \ 1002. ¦ Transfer books
will close on May !>. 1902, at 3 p. m. \. '
:•: . .'.. i .EDWARD. McGARY. Secretary..
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
: pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 41, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company ha3 been declared,
payable at the office of the company, rooms
' 202-4-6 Hayward building, San Francisco, on
May 10 1902. Transfer books close. May 3,
1902. at noon. J. R. LEAVELL, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ,.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday : . . '
Leland S. Connees, 24, city, and Hallie M.
ie Ixjrimier,. 23. Martinez. .
George A. Holland." 22, Oakland, and Ethel
f. Rogers, 21, Oakland. • • -
Bryan H. River. 42, .2146% Market street,
md Ada B. Oakes, 40, "Hay wards. ,
Martin Perkochia. 28, 1026 Jackson street,
and Maria A. Kusich, 21. 258 Natoma street.
Benno J. Barnett, 3,1, 539 Fourth street, and
Mollle Sherman, 32, 539 Fourth street.
Samuel D. Qulnn, 22. Oakland, and Mattle
Brown, IS, San Jose. ''
Henry. B.Kapaun, 28, city, and Kate Dow-
Ile, 28, city.
Clarence - E. ( McLean. 23, 2708 Pine street,
ind Ella Corcoran, 23, 234 Twenty-seventh
street. . ¦ - . ¦
Patrick F. Kane, 26, 1434 Broadway, and
Elizabeth Cunningham, 26. 1907 Polk street.
BIRTHS— MABEIA6ES—DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and 'death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. • >'
MITAU — In Sacramento, May 4. 1902, to the
* wife of Henry - Mltau, fa. daughter. . . > -
TH1SBY— In Ryde, Cal., May 5. 1902,* to the
. wife of W. J. Thlsby, a daughter. •
WELSPIEL— In Oakland. May 5. 1902. to the
wife of John Welsplel, ai^ son.
MARRIED.
HAAKE— MUNNS— May 6, 1902, by the Rev.
. E. F. Dlnsmore, H. Charles Haake and Ade-
line E. Munns, - both of San Francisco. :
HUNTER — SMITH — In this city. May IS, 1902,
v by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, oastor of
Central M. E. Church. Charles H. Hunter
and Emma A. Smith, both of San Francisco.
NICHOLS— PHILLIPS— May 5, 1002, by the
Rev. E. F. Dinsmore, Frederick J. Nichols
of Tehachapl and Elizabeth Phillips of San
[ Franclf co.
TRAINOR— SWEENEY — In Sulsun, Cal., Apill
30, -190.:, by the Rev. Father Cranwell, Alex
E. Tralnor of Su)sun and Stella G. Sweeney
of San Francisco. . ¦ • ¦ .
. . DIED.
Abrams, Adolph J. Garland, Richard . '-¦
Alcayaga, Cipriana Girard, Mrs. Annie.
¦ Aecheck; Henry i\ Henry, Jeanne A.
Berx, Sadie Kennedy, Andrew K.
Bertrajid. Adele McCarthy. Catherine
Bolger, ' Elisabeth McKenna, Mary
Close, Edward W. Miller, George W.
Cullen. .Michael Mosher, Ella M.
Damkroeger, Dr. II. Perfetto, Almo
Delehanty, Annie Stahl, August C. L.
Delgts, Elizabeth Stillman, Martin
Falkenstein, • Gustave
ABRAMS— In this city. May 4. 1902, Adolph
J., beloved husband of Margaret Ann Ab-
rams, son of the late Henry and Rlcka Ab-
rams, father of Harry Abrams, and brother
of Max and Morris Abrams, Mrs. . Annie
Lemos and Mrs. Ray Levin, a native .of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 47 years. ? A mem-
ber of Valley Lodge No. 30, A. [ O. U. W. ;
Court Sutro Heights No. 13«, F.'of A., and
Portland Lodge No. 142. B. P. O. E.
B_yFrlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .¦ to attend the funeral to-day
' (Thursday)., at U o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post, thence- to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street, for services, commencing at
9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriages.
ALCAYAGA — In this city. May 7, 1902, 'Cipri-
ana G., widow of the late Jose Alcayaga,
and mother of Mrs. M. Bates, Mrs. V. Ruiz
and Alfred..,, Alcayaga, .-.a. native of. Casa
Blanca, Chile, aged 07 years 7 months and
21 days.
ASCHECK— In this city. May 7, 1902, Henm
F. Ascheck, dearly beloved husband of'
.Minna, and beloved father of Minna, Albert,
: Emma and Louisa Ascheck, a native of Ba-
den, Germany, aged 53 years 2 months and
15 days. - - - ' ....
BERG — In this city. May 6, 1902, Sadie, be-
loved wife of Charles b\ Berg, and sister ot
James F. and Thomas J. - Dixon and Mrs.
F. L. Gadsby, a native of San Francisco.
(ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-rnorrow (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 3735 Twen-
. ty-second street, thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the recose of her soul at 10
9' clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BERTRAND— In this city. May & 1902, Adele
Bertrand, beloved mother of Adclph de Bon-
. net, a native of Belgium, aged TS years 4
months and 11 days.
E_7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
May S, 1902. at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.' . .'
BOLGER— In this city, May 7, 1902, Elizabeth
Bolger, wife of the late Captain John Bolger,
and mother cf James, Thomas, John and the
late William Bolger and Mrs. Jane Murphy,
a native of County Wexford, Irejand, aged
64 years. ; . ;
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CLOSE— In this' city, May 7, 1902, Edward
William Close, youngest son of Mrs. Fannie
Close, and grandson of Mrs. Frances Petert,.
a native of San Francisco, i aged 2 years 11
months and 7. days.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
Mrs. F. Peters, 3491B Nineteenth street, near
¦ Valencia*, Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
¦ tery/ by electric car.
CULLEN— In this city. May 6, 1902. • Michael,
beloved brother of James Cullen and- Mrs.
Esther Heffernan, a native of Ireland, aged
. 41 years. . . " .
IT.?- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the- parlors of
Valente, Marlni & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francli Church for services.
Interment- Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
DAMKROEGER— In this city, May 6, 1902,
Dr. Henry Damkroeger, ¦ beloved husband of
Henrietta Damkroeger, and son of Gottlieb
and the late Annie M. Damkroeger, a na-
tive of :. San Francisco, ¦ aged 36 years 9
months and 20 days. - _ . ... . ¦-¦¦
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully I invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at Grace
Methodist Church, corner Capp and Twenty-
first street. Interment Cypress, Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric car from Eighteenth and
. Guerrero streets. ... .
MEMBERS of Nlantlc Parlor No. 105, N. S.
G; W., are notified to attend the funeral of
our deceased brother. Dr. Damkroeger, at
Methodist Episcopal Church, Twenty-flrst
and Capp street. Thursday afternoon. - at .2
o'clock. W. II. HERMAN, President.
J. .F. TWOMEY.' Secretary. -
SAN FRANCISCO Consistory No. 1— Officers
and Members: You are hereby notified 'to
assemble at Commandery Hall, Masonic
Temple, Thursday, May 8, 1902, at 1 o'clock,
to take part' in the funeral obsequies of our
late -brother, Henry Damkroeger, 32°. - Mem-
bers of the consistory are requested to be
punctual in their attendance.
— .FRANK C. -VAN SCHAICK, 32°.
¦ Master of the Kadosh. .
-HENRY BURNER., 32°, Registrar.
DELEHANTY— In this city, '• May 7. 1902.
Annie, '.; beloved wife of Thomas H. Dele-
hanty, and mother' of Nettle and Charley
Meyers, a native of - New York, " aged j 39
' years. • . ,
DILGES— In this city, May 7. 1902, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of the late Conrad ' DUcea, and
devoted mother of Mrs. C. Bollier, Mrs. A.
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) . '
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
¦ .- ¦-,; Telephone South '80.
"Mt: Olivet Cemetery,
. .NEAREST THE CITY.--
Office, 916 Market Street.
- Telephone Bush 367. i : ' " . , .
•NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
1 ' ~ - Sa-nuel McFadden. 18 years manager -for
the United .Undertakers'. Association;. M. J.'
i - McBrearty, with the same company, for. 10
I years; P. -,F.'. Green, /late with M.'C. O'Con-
nor & Co.'. have opened new. Funeral . Par*'
' lors at . 1171 1 Mission ; St.. between , Seventh
.! and Eighth. • Telephone South 44.' .:l- ;. .;¦
i ¦"¦:.. fJAMBS McGINN, > <¦;:
• Formerly with :> McGinn -Bros'., "has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. bet.
I Taylor and Jones. - Telephone , South 576.
. .'•: ROOMS AKD' BOARD. v-jX'L 1
THE Co-operators— Nos. 2 and 3, at 645 Folsom
st; and 4 and 5 Vernon Place, are to be re-
: furnished next * *vcek." These are homes j for
self-respecting, - self-supporting . girls -•: ¦ with
small salaries; terms $2 50 and $3 per week.
Write or call upon MISS EMMA HANKS, 645
Folsom st.; phone Red' 6123. Miss Flora Bol-
C linger, . manner. -. - ' .-' : ¦' i -. .'. ¦
AT 1600 McAllister st., northwest corner of De-
vlsadero— Large, handsome sunny suites and
single, rooms; all newly furnished; 'appoint-
ments and table strictly first class; billiards,
phone ; every comfort and convenience.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE," ¦ 626 Eddy— SUnny rooms, en
v suite or single; good table; reasonable." '
LAMBOURNE,; 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or. single;, steam .heat.. .
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms: first-class' table board.
V " - SPECIAL KOTICES." f
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
\clty or country. PACIFIC' COLLECT'ON
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AKD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold.- rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest ratc3; phone Howard .264. 145 Sixth.
TO LEASE.
TO lease— Kenilworth. Inn: romantically situ-
ated in. Mill Valley: 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; in good
. condition: 40 rooms;: steam and hot, water
• baths; electric lights; heaters throughout;
elevators, etc.: rent low. -Apply MADISON
& BURKE, 30 Montgomery st., or ROB-
ERTS. Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
TYPEWRITERS AND' SUPPLIES. 1
GREAT^BARGAINS" IlTTYPEWRniEs'^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWIIITIXG AND WIMEOGRAPHIKG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mlni-
eographliig. 927 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 1539.
PROPOSALS.
U^lV_RiTTY~1>r^irfornia^^
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men—
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned -that
sealed, proposals or bids Hre solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary to the erection of an addi-
tion to the Bacon Art Gallery , and Library
Building on the 1 grounds of the University
ot California at Berkeley, Alameda County,
a nd ; said bids or proposals will be recel\ ed
at the office of the secretary of the . Board
cf Regent's. ¦ room 16, . South Hall, Berkeley,
Cal., at or before 2 o'clock p. m. of the 15th
of May, 1902. And notice Is hereby further
given that the plans and sp.clficatlons of said
building have been made and adopted, and
ere placed In the above-named office, where
the same may bo seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this' date until the said 12th day
of May, 1902. No bids or proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten ¦ (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
¦ that,' if. said bid or proposal shall be accepted
thri party proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the duty
¦ and • obligations In accordance with, said pro-
posal, and plans and specifications which
shall be and are hereby required to b'e a part
o" such contract. The right to reject any and
all bids Is hereby reserved. ;- . • .
This notice Is given pursuant to an ace
. entitled, "An act • to 'amend an act entitled
¦ | 'An act to create and organize the University
of California, 1 approved March 25, 1868 and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof ap-
proved March 2S, 1872. relating to the 'con-
struction of buildings, ' approved March 3,
1S97. By order of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings of the Board of Regents, w
A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary. ' '
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco, Cal "' ' Col-
Iector's Office, April 28, ; 1902.— Supp'iies for
.Revenue Vessels. — Sealed proposals Tor sup-
plying rations and coal to vessels of • the
United States Revenue Cutter ' Service, regu-
larly stationed, or temporarily, at San Fran-
j cisc6, Cal., and delivered on board said ves-
sels at that place during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1U03, will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. m. of Tuesday, May
. 13, 1902, at which time and place they will
be publicly opened. .The coal furnished t* be
anthracite or bituminous of best quality;
uniform In character; to weigh 2240 pounds
to the ton; to be delivered on board the ves-
sels at such times and In such quantities as
may be required, at localities readily accessi-
ble to said vessels, and to be subject to in-
., spectlon as to ¦ quality and weight. Bidders
will name the prices both for steaming and
stove coal, and also their • tacllltles for fur-
nishing ,the vessels with fresh water, and
. their charges therefor. Blank fdrm s of pro-
posals, with schedules showing component
parts of rations, may be had upon applica-
j tion to this office; proposals must be sub-
I mltted on these forms. Separate bids will
also be received at the same time and place
for lubricating and- Illuminating oils. J The
right is reserved to reject any or all bids,
and no proposal will be accepted until Con-
gress shall have made an appropriation for
the purpose. F. S. STRATTON, Collector.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 5, 1902 — Sealed
proposals,' In triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, until 11
¦ o'clock a. .in., Wednesday, June 4, 1902, and
then opened, for furnishing, during the first
six months of fiscal -year, commencing July
1, 1902, forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks, Cal. ; also at same time, at this
.office only, for forasre and straw for Alca-
traz Island. Fort Baker. Benlcia Barracks,
Fort Mason, Fort McDowell, Presidio of San
Francisco, San Francisco, and San Fran-
. clsco, Cal.; for shipment to'Honolulu H T
Government reserves .right to reject or'ec-
cept any or all bids In whole or in part
Preference given to articles of American
production, conditions ..of price and quality
(Including In. the price of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
. preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast to ex-
tent of connumotlon required by the public
service there. All Information furnished on
application to quartermaster at San Diego
. Barracks or to undersigned. , Envelopes con-
taining .bids to be Indorsed "Proposals for
. Forage and Straw," and addressed to' said
quartermaster, or to D. D. WHEELER D
Q. M. General, C. Q. M. '
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 6, 1902 —Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received her*
until 11 o'clock a.Tn., Friday, J une 6 190"
and then opened for construction (inc'ludlmr
plumbing and electric, wiring), at Fort Baker
Cal.. of Officers' Quarters, Barracks, Admin-
istration Building, and for construction (In-
cluding plumbing, heating and electric wir-
ing) at Fort Mlley. Cal.. of Hospital, Hospi-
< tal Steward's Quarters, Bake House and Fuel
Shed. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any or all bids In whole or In part
Preference given to articles of domqBtlc pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding In the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) belns equal; and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American \ produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER, Deputy Quar-
.termaster. General. Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U: S. Army trans-
* port Rosecrans. Office of General Superin-
tendent Army Transport Service, 30 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal., v May .
3. 1902.— Sealed proposals, In triplicate, for.
the purchase of..- the Army transport
Rosecrane will be received In this office until
12 m. June 6, 1902, and then opened./ Vessel
to be delivered to successful bidder' at San
Francisco, Cal. The Government reserves
the right to reject any or all proposal*. En-
velopes containing proposals should bo In-
dorsed "Proposals for Purchase of Army
transport Rosecrans," -and addressed to the
General Superintendent, Army Transport
Service. San Francisco, Cal. Particulars as
to Bonds required, and Information as. to the
character of vessel, etc., furnished on appli-
cation. , . ~-j
PP.OFOSALS for purchase of U. -S. army
• transport Egbert — Office of General Superln-
- tendent. Army Transport Service, 36 New
Montgomery Et.-, San Francisco. Cal.. May 1
1902: Sealed proposals. In triplicate for the
purchase of the army transport Egbert will
b« received .In this office until 12 m: May
20, 1902, . and then opened ; vessel to be de-
livered to successful bidder, at San Fran-
cisco. Cal.; the Government reserves '.. the
right to reject any or all proposals; en-
velopes containing i proposals' should be In-
dorsed, "Proposals for purchase • of army
transport Egbert," and'- addressed' to the
General Superintendent, 'Army Transport ser-
vice. San Francisco, Cal. Particulars as to
' bonds required, and information as to the char-
* acter of vessel. ¦ etc. . furnished on application.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
• ; of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department
Washington. D. C, until- 12 o'clock, noon!
June 3. 1902, ¦ and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish • the annual ¦ sup-
ply -of coal,, coke, wood and charcoal at the
.Navy Yard and Naval Hospital, Mare Island
Call, the Naval Training Station, San'Fran--
Cisco/ Cal.,, and the Navy 'Yard, "\ Puget
" Sound," Bremerton, iWash. ¦ Blank forms of pro-
posals will -be furnished upon application to
the Bureau, 1 to ¦ the '¦ Commandants of • the
:-; Navy. Yard. .Mare Island. Cal.. or Puget
"Sound.: Bremerton,' Wash., or to the; Navy
Pay Office, San Francisco. Cal. , A. S. KEN-
' NY, Paymaster, General,. U.- 8.- N.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
• Supplies ; and' Accounts, Navy .« Department,
.Washington. D. > C, ' until 12 o'clock '¦, noon,
; June : 3, 1902. 1 .; and • publicly opened' !mmedi-
- ately thereafter.' to furnish 995,607 pounds. of
steel shapes. Blank proposals -will be fur-
nished .' upon , application to. the .. Navy Pay
•¦ ' Of flees, i New York ' and ; San Francisco, Cal..
or to the Bureau. . A..S.* KENNY," Paymaster
.. .'General,: U.'..S. N. .....,,::.•. „' "
real estate—city — p or^ sale. 1
;an mateo— ' » "^ "¦ (
SAN MATEO. '" -
SAN MATEO. • * > ..<
,:,. SATURDAY. M_V 10TH.
S-ATUKDAi. -uAx 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
:-'-:\-- SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
r <\-"\-j SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY, MAY 10TH. I
SATURDAY. MAI' 10T1I.
—EXCURSION— '
00 cents — Round Trip — 60 cents.
Including lunch at Hotel Mateo.
Trains Itave Third and Townsend at 9. '
10:30, 11:30 a, m., returning irom San Mateo 3
at 3:-27. 4:31. 5:23 and «:40 p. m. '
Have the time of your
life. Tale a day oft. !
Everything tree alter you ; . '
reach San Mateo. Conveyances to : •
drive about and see the pretty
homes. Lunch will be served under
the trees in the beautiful grounds r '
of the Hotel Mateo. ~ . 't '
¦ . | i
97 BEAUTIFUL LOTS
— in—
San Mateo Park.
The new addition
to the prosperous
and procressive city
-. — Of—
San Mateo. . . .
Only 10 minutes' walk
/rom the depot.
. Surrounded by beautiful
.homes. Just subdivided
into villa lots — one acre each.
A portion of the
celebrated Clark Tract.
• In the ownership of \ .
one family since
1S58.
An ideal dace for -
a home nr to make
Don't fall to *".-.¦..:." ...
attend this sale.
Buy a lot-
only one-third cash. .
Further particulars cf •¦ ' . .,
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street. .
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
20 Montgomery st., ¦ room. 11. "
Rents collected; full charge taken of property. ;
$43.500 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment- house, flats, etc.
$41,000 — Good investment; Mission, nr. Sixth.
$17,500 — Three very Etylish new sunny flats, -8
rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$10,500 — Good buy; store and flats; Larkin St.,
near Geary; rents $70.
$10,000 — 3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park: grand view; rents $105. :
$5,250 — Fine 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
Ft., near Thirteenth ; rent $45.
$2,375— Cheap: north side Clay St.. near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot. 27:6x100. for $3000.
$l,C50 — Dirt cheap; NW. .corner Sanchez and
Alvarado sts.; 26:6x105 feet. ,
HOUSES — SUNSET HEIGHTS-^LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I 6ts.. nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
LOTS $150 AND $250 EACH. —
. $25 down, $5 and $10 monthly.
Greatest Surprise to Purchasers.
Have you seen our level Tract In the Ex-
celsior Homestead? Selling very fast.
Near Mission Street and Electric Cars.
No grading, all fenced. Spring Valley Water.
Dcn't Wait; see them to-day. ¦
Get off cor. Mission st. and Brazil ave.,
walk short distance to our lets.
AL. SMITH, Local Agent. 450 Edinburgh st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54. Chronicle Bldg.
"OCEAN VIEW;'. Is booming! finest car- .ser-
vice every 10 minutes. ' "'
You never will secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean" es cheap as now. Cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro st., at 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
view; all sunny rooms; terms to suit. Apply
on premises. ¦ • •¦ . ¦ ¦
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
. on Castro Et. at 2Cth; 7 and 8 roomc; good
view; all sunny rooms; terms to suit. Apply
on ' premises.
BARGAIN — 2 new modern fiats, near Panhan-
dle; rents for $65: $6S00; half cash, Addres3
box 1753. Call office.
$650— SAN JOSE: cottage, 5 " rooms; barn;
must be sold for half Its value. J. RUBEL,
1203 Eagle ave.. Alameda. ¦
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, , bearing orchard . of finest
eemi-troplcal and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner, Elmhurst.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acr«. on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best tor poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information. -
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands In
large and email tracts In Alameda. San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALY & CARR. 713 Market, r. 406.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
TO refat — Furnished cottage for summer
months. 1101 Park ave. ' -
. ALAMEDA ROOMS.
$8 — ELECTRIC light east front; bay-window,
porc'n bath; select. Box 4273, Call, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAIN FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
$250t> — Modern,- up-to-date Colonial cottage;
& spacious rooms, fine reception hall, large
bath, tinted walls, electric fixtures, laundry,-
coal bins, concrete walks, etc.; lot 60x115;
on wide improved street; convenient to new
high school, station, etc. '-¦->'-:
Don't fall to see this fine home.
H. D..IRWIN, Lorin Station.
YOU should see that lovely home of 6 roonia
and bath In the Daley Scenic Park; such a
splendid view; large lot: an Ideal place for
a poet; only $3200. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station. '
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1 118 BROADV^AY.
: — -T-— — -
. OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
» THE WESTALL TRACT.
- Spot Cash Has Done It
FINE LEVEL LOTS, $:» UPWARD.
$2 50 cash. $1 50 monthly.
Located in Tropical Frultvale. Adjoining East
«- Oakland.
No cold winds nor fog. here;' soil superb*
climate the best; view charming; not far from
a fln» schoolhouse: near electric cars and a
00-foot wide boulevard. Stop paying rent and
own your own cozy home with a large parcel
of ground for very little money, Extra In-
ducements to parties buying a number of lots
Call, or let us know when you are coming;
carriage free. 455 Seventh st. opp. Broadway
Station. Oakland, Cal.; telephftne Red 4053.
Westall tract, lots $39 upward; Allendale
tract, lots $75 upward: Laurel Grove Park,
lots $75 upward ;. G&llndo tract, lots (90 up-
ward. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
OAKLAXD FPRXITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this monthi*^rL
. 6CHELLHAAS, 40$ Eleventh 6t. Oakland.
¦ ' * - ¦ ¦-• ¦
. Riccoml and Henry. Jacob and Conrad Dil-
ges, a native of Hessen-Darmstadt, Ger-
,' many, aged 58 years 4 months and 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invked to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from. the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. A. Riccoml. • 3023 Twen-
tieth street, between Florida and Hampshire,
thence to St. Paul's German Evangelical
Lutheran Church, 1419 Howard' street, be-
tween Tenth end Eleventh, where services
will be hela, commencing at 1 :30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FALKENSTEIN— In this city, May 6, 1902.
Gustave A. Falkenstein. beloved. husband of
Betty Falkenstetn, father of Alex and Isaac
. Falkecstein and Mrs. Joseph Hoffman, a
native of Germany, aged 72 years. • .- r -
ZZT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
May 8, at 10 o'clock, from his late residence.
1522 >/3 ElHs street. Cremation strictly pri-
vate. By special request please omit flowers.
GARLAND— In this city. May 5,' 1902, Richard
Garland, a native of Cock Hill. County An-
trim, Ireland, aged 55 years. .
ESritemalns at the parlors of J. C. O Con-
nor & Co.. 707 Mission street.
GIRARD— In this city. May 7. 1902. Mrs.
• Annie Girard. a native of County Meath,
Ireland, aged 75 year* and 4 days. :
HENRY— In West Berkeley, May 6, 1902,
: Jeanne Alice, beloved wife of Ira M. Henry,
mother of Alice Luctle Henry, and daughter
of John and Heloulse Rlgotard, a native of
Ix>ndon. England, aged 28 years and o
months. • \ ¦- '-''.'•"•
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this (Thursday) afternoon, at 2 o clock,
at Westminster Church, corner Eighth ana
Bristol streets. West Berkeley. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
KENNEDY — In this city. May 7, 1902. Andrew
K., beloved husband of May Kennedy, ana
father of Pearl, Beatrice and Gladys Ken-
nedy, a native of Scotland, aged 37 years 1O
months and 20 days.
MCCARTHY— A . requiem mass will be said
for the repose of the soul of the late Cath-
erine McCarthy at St. James Church, corner
1 Guerrero and Twenty-third streets, on Frl-
' day. May 9, commencing at 9 o ciocvt.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.
McKENNA— Iu this city. May 7. 1902. Mary,
beloved wife of Joseph D. McKenna. and
daughter of the late John and Mary Me-
Carty, a native of San Francisco, aged *J i
years 10 months and 13 days. j
MILLER— In this city. May 7. 1902. Gedrse
W. Miller, beloved husband of Thresa Shep-
head Miller, and father of Harry L. and
> George W. Miller Jr.. a native of New York,
aired 64 years. *¦ -. L -,
(T-S"Notlce of funeral hereafter,
MOSHER— la this city. May 6, 1902. Ella M.
Mosher, beloved mother of Charles Mosher,
only daughter of Nettie S. and the late Edw.
B.. and sister of Walter Lorlng.
C_rFrleids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 1:30. o'clock, from her
late residence, 113 Powell street. . Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ,
PERFETTO — In this city. May «. 1902, Aim©,
dearly beloved son of Fred L. and Tillie Per-
fetto, a native of San Francisco, axed 9
months and 7 days. • •
|_"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the
residence of his parents. 710^ Vallejo street,
between Stockton and Powell. -Interment
New Italian Cemetery.
STAHL— In this city, May 6, 1902, August C.
L. Stahl, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garethe Stahl, and beloved father of Carl
and Adele Stahl, a native of Meklenburg,
Germany, ased 44, years 4 months and ti
days. • •
E_3"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at St.
John's German Lutheran Church. Twenty-
second street, between Capp and Howard,
and thence by carriage to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery for interment. ' Remains at the
parlor* of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. .
STILLMAN— In this city. May 7. 1902. Martin
Stillman, a native of Sweden, aged 57 years.
Kfianahan florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Pflasbnable \ •
107 POWELL ST.NtAi.EUJS %S£ 50S6Game in season for iunch at Cafe Zln
kand properly cooked, properly served. •
•', Miss Emma ( D. Monnet, stenographer In
the United States Internal Revenue Office
in this cityvris seriously 111 with typhoid
fever. She is at the German Hospital. •
Miss* Monnet Seriously 111.
- C. B. . Holbrook, secretary of ithe Soci
ety for/the Prevention of Cruelty to An
imals, has called the of . the
Board of Supervisors to the great dan
ger to life and property by the breaking
and driving of unbroken 'horses on :the
public, streets, and ; requests that an* or
dinance : be passed prohibiting the i riding
and driving of "such horses within'cer
tain limits. ' % -
Unbroken Horses Dangerous.
The tremendous increase of 202,432 bottle*
in the importation of Moet«& Chandon during
the year 1901 speaks volumes for the excellence
of Moet & Chandon White Seal— Bonfort's
Wino and: Spirit Circular. ... . •
Custom-House Statistics.
Miss Kamm's Death Accidental.
-An Inquest -was held yesterday In the
case of Miss Julia E. Kamm, the young
milliner, who was found asphyxiated in
bed last Tuesday morning In her room at
51o Golden ' Gate avenue. The jury re
turned a. verdict of accidental death.
Attorney P. J. Mogan called at-, police
headquarters yesterday -and said that
there was no necessity. for uneasiness re
garding Thomas W. Fisher, the wholesale
liquor merchant, whose mysterious dis
appearance was reported Monday. Mogan
said Fisher Intended leaving here and go
ing to the mines in Nevada' or. "Wyoming
as soon as he could settle up his busi
ness. He left Mrs. Fisher her. portion of
the property and was to start on his own
"hook." The remainder of the money not
drawn from . the bank belongs to . Mrs.
Fisher. .. ,. ¦ . ' .
Fisher Is All Bight.
The regular monthly meeting of the
British- American. "Union was held last
night in the Academy of Science Build
ing. William Greer Harrison presided
and Courtney Bennett, the British Con
sul,-was the speaker of the evening. His
theme was ."Cecil Rhodes and the Boer
War," and he carefully reviewed the
war and went into details to explain both
the mistakes and also the deeds of hero
ism on the part of- both Boer and Briton.
Mr. . Bennett s remarks were well receiv
ed and he was frequently Interrupted by
the applause of the audience. Alfred Wil
kie rendered several vocal selections and
at the end>of the -meeting -the audience
sang "America."- . .
British- American Union Meets.
The meeting Is to be of a special, and
interesting character, preceded by an in
ternational parade in which twenty-five
nations will be represented in national
costume. There are, to be musical drills
by Salvation Army Orphanage children,
a public enrollment of recruits, the com
missioning of a brass band of some six
teen pieces for special work in San Fran
sico, also special addresses by the pro
vincial - officers | of ! the Pacific Coast, in
which facts and figures of progress are
to be given. There will also be addresses
by Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., and oth
ers. Music Is to be furnished by brass
and string bands and the army's best
soloists. ; ¦
The Salvation Army has made extensive
preparations for the celebration of the
nineteenth anniversary of the inception of
its work on the Pacific Coast in Metro
politan Temple to-night. Leading officers
of the army are here from as. far. south
as Los Angeles and as far north as Port
land, Or.
tion of Coast Work.
Salvation Army Prepares for Celebra
tion of Anniversary of Incep-
Wedding Invitations.
«3? S^V 1 * 01 * 1 atten <J°n to prevailing
lorms and engrave visiting cards, wed-
XcUv L^° ns and cor-
Bekins- Van and Storage Co. will move
your goods in city or country. 630 Market •
Pacific Cat Club Meets.
The ladies of the Pacific Cat Club met
In th© rooms of the Society for the Pre
ventioa of Cruelty to -ChfldreS y S?ert«
afternoon and decided to abandon th/^
Itlpiili
now at the old refuge wfll be gi^en away
to people who will treat them humanly!
HELD FOR FORGERY.— O. S. Emery w«
held to answer before the Superior Court vm
terday by Judge Cabaniss on a charge of for"
Eery. He had been owing p. j. Kelly t>rn
prietor of a restaurant at 739 Harrison street
$27 and paid him with a check for $30 purport
ing to be signed by W. R. Morton, the dray
man. Morton s signature was forged.
crushed the young life out of Nora Ful
ler, the police hope to be able to discover
witnesses who saw Hadley and- recognized
him "at every- step he took in' the con
summation of his shocking crime.
The testimony of the witness who saw
Hadley and Nora Fuller together just
prior^to her disappearance is only a-cir
cumstance, to the terrible truths which
Captain Seymour says he will lay at Had-,
ley's door before he and his detectives are
through with the case. ? ¦ . -
HAMPERING INFLUENCES.
The ominous influences which have ham-'
pered the efforts of the police in wprking,
up the ,* case • against Hadley /have 'been
weakened somewhat by the convincing
proofs which the police - have unearthed
withinthe last few days.. . < . ¦ :.;
Every day that passes brings new. cases
showing Hadley in anything but an en
viable: light. The police are' investigat
ing the stories . told of him .with -keen at
tention as to details, as' they, hope in that
way to get a better line on Hadley's queer,
code -of morals.^ .. : ' n;.i
The story told by Ollie Dixon. other
wise known as Mrs. Hadley, is being cor
roborated in detail by each new discovery
made by the police. ' Now that ¦' it has
been definitely settled, as far as the police
are concerned; that Charles B'. Hadley is
the man who purchased the bed-and bed
ding on which Nora Puller was slain; that
he is the man who rented the house 'on
Sutter street where the murder was com
mitted and that he is /the* -man who
W3XL BUILD RAILROAD [.
IN > MENDOCINO "COUNTY
Corporation- Is ; Formed' to Connect
Towns of . Albion: and Boone
v - ' ; ; viile tijrrRail. y V <;\-
The artlclesof incorporation of th©' Al
bion and Southeastern \ Railway Company
were : filed; yesterday. The company is
formed for the purpose of building a rail
road -thirty- five miles In length from, the
town' of Albion, at the mouth of the Al
bion River: in' Mendocino County, to the
town of Boonevllle,' • in the same j county.
The road will follow the course ; of ... the
Albion River as closely as practicable: >
The company, whfch is incorporated for
$1,000,000, has for directors: Miles Standlsh.
P. S. Teller. A. R. McCullough, J. J.Mc-
Intlre. J. H. Wilhelm, :\V.;.B. Cope and
.Edwin Schwab. The directors have sub
scribed and paid for $40,500 worth of stock.
Wall Paper Saved.
The Santa Fe car. containing wall. paper that
went Into the ' bay.- Monday "night . has been
raised. The wall • paper, was found:: to have
been little damaced. The car containinff iron
pipe was . unloaded yesterday and to-day the
crockery-car will.be hauled out of the-mud;'
The work of clearing the wreck 'is In the hands
of W. H.Smith & Co., ri«ers. ¦'
Adams' Sarsaparilla . Pills.
•; Spring medicine to purify the blood. Consti
pation. Biliousness, Sick Headaches; 10c, 25c. •
TO PRESENT PROGRAMME
OF TJNTJSNAL INTEREST
Captain Seymour has succeeded in
amassing enough damning evidence
against Hadley to venture the belief that
it will be an easy matter to convict' him
of the shocking crime. Aside from the
strong circumstantial evidence against
Hadley the detectives have uncovered
some startling positive evidence that adds
strength to the chain of guilt that they
are gradually welding around the fugi
tive.
It matters not in what part of .the
globe Hadley' has taken refuge, . for one
of these circulars will follow -him to his
hiding place. In the history of crime
there are but few cases where a man as
.well kriown as Hadley has succeeded in
avoiding police detection for anv great
length of time. " ¦ - ;
The police hope to have Hadley under
arrest before many, days have passed.
Once they get on his trail it will be an
easy matter to run him down.
EVIDENCE AGAINST HADLEY.
charge of murder Is now safely tucked
away in Captain Seymour's desk, where
it will remain until the missing man is
located. The photograhpic circulars call
ing for Hadley's arrest, which were print
ed Tuesday for Chief of Police Wittman.
were sent cut yesterday to every police
department in the world.
Owing to the Intimation in. the note that
Murrey was a Mason of the thirty-second
degree a. representative t>t the Masonic
board of relief called at the Coroner's of
fice yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of ascertaining whether the Coroner had
obtained any writings or other evidence
as to Murrey being a Mason and in good
standiiig, so that he might be burled un
der the ritual and at the expense of the
order. No such evidence had been found
J. Solodos, proprietor of the lodging
house, saw Murrey staggering along the
hallway almost helplessly drunk at half
past 9 o'clock in the morning. Solodos
assisted mm to his room. Murrey was
under the delusion that he was being pur
sued by persons who wished to take- his
life and said that he would foil them'
. Murrey was about 50 years old and was
employed by the Empire laundry as chief
marker. A card made out in the name of
John Murray was found among his ef
fects showing that the person of that
name was a member of the Shirt, Waist
and Laundry Workers' Union.
Suffering from an attack of delirium
tremens and haunted by the fear that he
was being pursued by a vindictive enemy,
James Arthur Murrey wrote a penciled
note on a linen shirt cuff to the Chief of
Police and then committed suicide by cut
ting his throat with a razor. The tragery
occurred yesterday forenoon in a lodging
house at 1046 Folsom street, where Mur
rey had been rooming for the past six
months. The shirt cuff on which the note
was written was found in a bureau
drawer. The note reads as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. May 8.
Chief of Police G. \V. AVittman— Dear Sir
an! Brother: I have been imprisoned in my
room at 1046 Folsom street since 7 o'clock last
night and without the assistance of any of yoar
fcrce. I sent for police protection this morn
ing at 8 o"c;ock, but personally have seen noth
_ins ot the officer who came and Interviewed
one of my assistants, but I heard much of the
interview which was adverse to me. In great
and imminent danger, yours fraternally
JAMES ARTHUR MURREY, 32d Degree
P. S. — Although personally unknown to you
I request an interview, but it is impossible for
mi to leave ray room without risk of life and
limb, and I would ask that an officer be sent
to escort me.
Marguerite Hicks has brought suit for
divorce against George E. Hicks for fail
t5,= a pr , OVi( l e - A Th ey *-ere married at
Los Angeles in April. 1S35.
Julius Druskin is suing Fannie Druskln
i7rJl V0T T e on l he ground of lnfldel'itv.
TvS^rS, J £. mes Stern as co-respondent
The Drusklns were married in Russia in
1879 and have three children.
£ m %? on Weingarten for crullty.
S?£r fcg3o« irOm Marguerite Meyl
Emma Frerichs is suing Martin Frer-
Icns for divorce on the ground of deser
tion and failure to provide. They were
married in 18S1. Frerichs keeps a grocery
Btore at 435 Hayes street. fcrocery
Harry li. Karnes is being sued for di
vorce by Minnie H. Karnes on i the
grounds of desertion and failure to pro
vide. They were married in 1891. V
>,v T^e-iST divo £ ce was begun yesterday
sL«h P /! ne Shaveland against John
TiS Il/l?i°V he omA °f desertion.
The Ehavelands were married at Temple ¦
«?y im Obls Po County, in Febru-
Charles Duguid. a salesman, was grant
ed a divorce yesterday from Juanita B.
Duguid on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Duguid testified that his wife threw cof
fee in his face, cursed him and attacked
him at various times with a scissors and
a. butcher knife. Mrs. Duguid was award
ed the custody of their 4-months-old
child. Duguid agreed to pay $40 a month
alimony. The couple reside at 1416H Ba
ker street. '"
MRS. ALICE FULLER AS SHE APPEARED YESTERDAY WHILE SIGNING ;THE AFFIDAVIT BEFORE JUDGE
CABANISS UPON WHICH A WARRANT WAS ISSUED FOR ARREST OF. CHARLES B. HADLEY FOR THE
BRUTAL MURDER OF LITTLE NORA FULLER.
The charter provides that "every ordinance
Involving the purchase of land of more than
$50,000 In. value must be submitted to the
vote of the electors of the city and county
at tha election next ensuing after the adoption
of such ordinance." If it is now proposed
that the city purchase land of more than 550,
000 in value, it appears to be the plain intend
ment of this provision that such question of
purchase shall be submitted to the vote of the
electors. I have, however, held, in an opinion
dated September 24, 1901. that this provision
did not necessitate two elections where it lsj
proposed to purchase such, land - by ttie Is
suance of bonds, the question of the acquisition
of such lands and the issuance' of bonds in
payment therefor being submitted to the elec
tors at. one election.
Three courses are open in submitting public
improvement propositions to the electors: First,
the submission of a' proposition for each sepa
rate improvement, of whatever nature, at a
separate special election. This is the only
course that would be entirely safe. Second,
the eubmission of all- public Improvement propo
sitions ' at one election. .This would be the
ir.ost -hazardous plan to follow. Third, the
submission of a group of allied propositions re
lating to the same general subject matter at
the same election — the proposition to' bond
for school' purposes at' one election, for a
sewer system at another, "for a 'system of parks
at. a third and for a hospital at a fourth. This
¦would appear to be an entirely reasonable
manner of submitting such propositions, espe
cially when, as is proposed, each one of the
improvements is placed distinctly and .sepa
rately upon the ballot, giving the electors the
fullest possible opportunity to vote for or
against each proposed improvement.. Such a'
grouping .would not. be permissible under the
strict construction considered above, and there
fore I cannot advise that it would be alto
gether a safe plan; but .the courts would doubt
less hesitate to hold invalid elections so held
¦where everything practicable had been done to
givo the electors a full opportunity to declare
their will and a bona fide attempt had mani
festly been made to keep ¦within the spirit of
tha charter. '
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
yesterday in reply to questions propound
ed by the Board of Supervisors, in which
he holds that the only safe course in sub
mitting public improvement propositions
under a bond issue, to the electors would
be to submit each separate, improvement,
of whatever nature, at a separate special
election. He also holds that several spe
cial elections for the acquisition of pub
lic utilities or Improvements could not
be held on the same day. as it could not
be maintained that such electjon was held
for the particular bonding. proposition for
which it was called. After quoting the
law on the question, Lane says in his
opinion:
Charles Duguid Tells of
His Sad Matrimonial
* Experiences.
J. A Murrey Cuts His
Throat While Crazed
by Drink.
THROWS COFFEE
AT HER SPOUSE
City Attorney .Advises
Supervisors as to
Safest Course.
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH A RAZOR
BOND ELECTIONS
TO BE SEPARRTE
Detective Tom Gibson, to whom Chief
of Detectives Sevmour has given full ,
charge of the case, accompanied- Mrs. ¦
Fuller to the courtroom. /
The warrant for Hadley's arrest on a-
jt=^ EARLES B. HADL.EY, the fugitive
// bookkeeper and accountant of the
(I . Examiner, has been formally ac-
cused of the brutal murder of
Nora Fuller. Mrs. Alice Fuller,
the heartbroken mother o'f the mur
dered girl, visited the Hall of Justice yes
terday afternoon and swore to a com,
plaint charging Hadley with the murder.
The complaint was sworn to before Judge
Cabaniss in open court and a warrant
for the arrest of Haflley was issued.
An intensely sad scene ''was presented
when Mrs. Fuller walked slowly into the
crowded courtroom and raising her right
hand up to heaven swore to the ] charge
that will bring Charles B. Hadley, if he
is caught, to the bar of juctice to answer
for the heinous crime. Mrs. Fuller was
clad in deep mourning.
Heartbroken Mother of Nora Fuller Appears Before Police Judge
Cabaniss and Swears to a Complaint Accusing v the Missing
Accountant of Having Choked Her Young Daughter to Death
WARRANT IS OUT FOR ARREST
OF HADLEY ON MURDER CHARGE
14
8. ''
|IG VALUES
TO-DAY
CHILDREN'S SAILOR SUITS
<K 1 O££ for ? 2 Graas Linen Sailor
«J)I«^O Suits; sizes 4 to: 14. These
jaunty, stylish suits are made with large
sailor collar, cuffs and tie of blue pique,
and trimmed effectively with white sou-
tache braid.~ . .
WOMEN'S WRAPPEDS
Q^Jr* tor ? l 50 Percale Wrappers in
CC7w medium, light or dark shades, In
oil the newest, patterns; made with deep
Spanish flounce, • brctelles over shoulders
and neatly trimmed with braid; waist and
sleeves lined. . ¦ .
;; ;. LINEN OVERSKIDTS
QC^r* tor * l Bo flne "Women'a Linen
»/Uv Oversklrts — Just -what you want
:for outings. They are made with stylish
'flare flounce; some are Drettlly trimmed
with white braid, others with tailor stitch-
ing. • . • .-.
WOMEN'S SHIRT WAISTS
<C1 Ofl for flne Grass Unen Shirt!
*PM»Jm\J Waist*. These pretty $2
'.waists: are made with clusters of tucks,"
front and back, and four, rows of-.Valen-
. clennes lace insertion; hemstitched linen
collar tot)s which ornament the -collar Rive
a dainty touch to ' these : stylish waists.
WOMEN'S SILK WAISTS
S»K 'TkO for our ?S P^u de Sole Silk
t!)tJ»tJ\J Waists. We offer you a choice
of-a number, of styles — not a few, but all
of them a combination of elegance, ex--
qulsite • taste, flne workmanship and btfct
quality material.
RIBBONS
lQr» a yard for 35c quality flve-lnch-
»w^ wide Liberty Silk Ribbon, in all
the popular ¦ shades. ' ;
Embroideries
TO-DAY
QAAA yards of Wide Open-Work
¦*t\J\J\J Embroidery, worth 20c- a
.yard, alaced on our , bargain counter to
sell; for 10c. Come early; It won't last
¦Ions. •¦"•< • .
"LACES
' Always a full ¦ line on . hand • of elegant
Lace Novelties at POPULAR PRICES.
¦ -¦ ¦'¦..- '" .' ¦ : \ ¦___*__'¦__-¦'
: 1212^1214 MARKET ST.;
•}\ Between ¦ Taylor and Jones.
... WE CLOSE AT SIX -O'CLOCK.
TWENTIETHCENTURYCOOKBODKS
¦ ¦ A . car-load of: Cook Books
lias just arrived front Culcafjo
¦and they arc ready for distri-
bution nt the business olQce .
.-of this paper. All Call sab- ¦-,
scribera are entitled to a copy |
of thin " grreat Cook Hook at '
- the '. premium ' price t of. Gtty "
,'" cents. ' y '-.''¦ ' : '-) -V I
An additional charge of SO
cents ; to pay expresiage will ?
be required from out of town
¦ subscribers ordering: by mall. ¦
NEWMAN & LEVINSON. .-
Ladies' Outing Skirts of this summer's newest wash
materials. Skirts full of style—made strictly up-to-date in
every way. You will see complete lines here now including
novelties up to $5.00— These are very special lot? : .
Outing Skirts of brown Linen, open-in the back, with inverted CD 1 C A
pleats, in the latest flare style, each aDI .^)(J
Outing Skirts of Crash, made with side openings buttoned CM/ C
with large pearl buttons; perfect fittting, each ......... . . Jf) 1 . 65
Outing Skirts, of fancy Covert cloth in castor, olive, navy CM -7C
and brown; open sides; stylish flare bottom, each q> I . /D
U A g^ kiTts ? f f£ ite D uck, seams and straps are tailor CFO ETA "
stitched; trimmed with small pearl buttons; full flare flounce. . qX2.,j(J
Ladies' Leggings
We have just opened a large shipment of Canvas and Tweed
knee length Leggings for ladies' wear, in Tans, Browns'
Grays, Blues and Black, in fact we have them in /A '
colors to match any outing skirt— If you intend 1 1 In
i doing any tramping, they are just the thing, pair...... t±JJ L '
New Cushion Tops
We show decidedly the largest assortment of Cushion Covers
to choose from — Latest ideas are continually arriving — On
display now, very -latest in— Berkeley, Stanford, Conventional,
Smoker, Mystic Shriner and Floral designs, also handsome
Lithograph Tops in many new subjects,
At 35c, 50c and 75c Each
Dainty Bureau Scarfs
These handsome Toilet Scarfs -have cushion covers to
match and are in a great variety of styles—Some are plain
swiss, some dotted swiss, and some have neatly braided designs
on swiss— all come lined in pretty shades of pink • ¦» $
blue, green or yellow— One of this season's best fafcn ¦
values in Bureau Sets \lcsW
Special in Boys' Sweaters
An exceptionally-fine lot of Boys' Fancy Wool Sweaters
with latest mercerized stripes— Some with stripes all over^
some 'just the cuffs and bottom neatly trimmed /f»-d fmr^
with stripes — all sizes in colors — Navy Blue GlS
Cardinal and Royal Blue— Special at .' ft)l 9 c)u
Sale of Bed Spreads
Serviceable White Marseilles bed spreads in a Iar?e variety of
pretty raised floral designs, extra large size 84 x 90 (£ €\ Ci [c
worth $3.rx> each— now on sale at vb^-^O
=j| Kearnp and Suffer Sfs. [f==
If ClBSOflft" ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦• ¦¦1
OBSERVATIONS NO. 3.
! published by YQiwBosomYriend" every once in a while r£*
A gentleman said to me the other day, "If your styles are as I
good as your window tickets, you're all right " • ¦ **•
Well, you can generally tell a good bird by his feathers I be- '-•'• I
And oTh" ? tW 3S^- tO te « anythin^ e^ se "Smy place. - 1
i And other folks believe so, too. I've a line of AnU^ f\(^ r ft
I ttti& WaCk and WhitC ' f ° r i " StaOCC ' a^ right "P to the
! <ioUa? therthinffS ' t00 ' S ° mC feally swa^ cr n^kwear at a half-;
} best^f Stock ' takinff " a lon^ story— come in and see, that's the.'
"v^iiii Your Boiom Friend
Hale's. I Hale's.
[^ Infants' Wear.
—Fine new stuff. — Lowest prices we know of.
We never had anything like it before — and wouldn't now if we
hadn't had a man in New York ready to grab it the minute it popped up.
We had to get something unusual for anniversary month. Here it is.
v Will you share it? This morning first time. \ \
Infants' Pinning Blankets 25c.
Plain white, flannel, 28 Inches long and 36 inches -wide, with 5%-inch
band at top.
Infants' Flannel Skirts at 25c— Made of cream flannel, 27 Inches
long. 54 inches wide, with a 6-inch band, the bottom scallop,ed and silk -
embroidered.
Infants' Short Flannel Skirts 29c — Pink, blue and cream, scalloped '•
and silk embroidered. 6 months to 3 years.
Infants' Sacques, 18c, 52c, 25c.
My.' such low prices! What pretty sacques. too.
At 18c — White flannel with -pink or blue stripes, collar, cuffs and edges
finished with silk shell, stitched satin bow at neck.
At 22c — Flannel, plain pink or blue with white collar and cuffs, or plain
white with pink and blue collar and cuffs, silk embroidered edges.
At 25c — 5 styles, white flannel with pink or blue stripes, others in pink
or blue, others satin; also plain eiderdown flannel in pink, blue or
cream, all finished with silk embroidered edges.
Fancy Sateen Petticoats.
Some a quarter : some a third : some half below regular prices.
v 181 — and no more. Not a plain one among them. All trimmed
with ruffles and pleating and cords. Each has a flounce — (even the
fifty-cent ones). Every color. Four lots:
50c values up to $1.45: 31. O."»c values up to' $2.95: 58.
75c values up to $2.25: 43. $1.45 values up to $4.75: 49.
We. don't see how any woman can keep from buying — when she sees
how much money .she may save.
Yes, some of theni might be soiled a little, few may be faded a bit:
of others there may not be full lines. But the hurts are not serious. Per-
haps if we had not mentioned them you would not notice them.
Who'll choose first? ,
6ic Handkerchiefs %& and 15c ones at 7k.
4000 more on sale this morning,
A mill purchase that'll put new life and interest in this anniver-
sary sale. .
3% Cents-*— Hemstitched, 1 anil 2 rows of lace insertion at one corner,
and hemstitched with four embroidered corners. Others with colored
borders, scalloped edges. Values up to 6^4c.
At 7Vi Cents — Hemstitched and with lace insertion all around and in cor-
ner," scalloped borders and lace corners. Some are mussed and soiled.
Some of them have pin holes— hurts that don't hurt.
: : : . i
Y Market Street,} /&/ <» . f Market Street, T
I Near Sixth, M^/W<^^ «£* |® SSI* Near Sixth.
i Opposite Golden I /Kf /Bt^*<~^ =3r^^^ma^ I Opposite Golden
Gate Avenue, k^^ ~<i7^^T) |~IUHIiT Gate Avenue. |
e\ irk |r^ mm m r=
pfegssy
SPECIAL SALE
PRUNES, Preach rfyls, 5 Its' 25o
Finest quality, good sized.
Regularly 10c a lb.
BR0MAN6EL0N, package lOo
• Makea a delicious dessert Jelly.
5 flavors. Regularly 15c a pkg.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 'iquns. ...... 65o
Elsewhere 40c a square.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL, bottla .....*.60o
Pure Italian Olive Oil.
Regularly 60c.
BATH SPONGES, each 25o
Fine large Bath Spoor ea.
Regularly 40c.
SEEDED RAISINS, 3 packages ..25c
Fancy recleaned seeded raiauu.
Limit 3 pkjca. . y
Regularly 2 pkgs 25c. A>- -
BAKING SODA, ft pkg :$\
Strictly pure and full weight.
Regularly 10c.
CHICKEN COOK "WHISKEY, bottla 7oo
10 year old straight goods. Gallon S3.0O
Regularly $1.00 and $4.00.
MARVELLI MACARONI, 2 packages... .25o
Also Spaghetti, Vermicelli
and Alphabets. Regularly 15c pkg.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.' *
. 'CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
I Repairs broken \
a glasses. Lenses g
B duplicated for 1
I 50c. If astig» H
1 matic 61.00 to H
b 61.50. «
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline) Water
220 BROAD WAT. N. T.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA 3ITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. \ Depot. 223 Marker..
WBB^y Gal,' $1.00 JfiFYBIff