The San Francisco Call.
BROKERS FAIL
FOR BIG SUMS
DR. W.SEWARD WEBB,' THE NOTED FINANCIER OF NEW YORK
AND PRESIDENT OF 'i HE RUTLAND RAILROAD COMPANY, WHO
PLAYS A CONSPICUOUS PART IN j THE WALL-STREET FLURRY.
Continued on Page Thre«.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. May 5.— William
Thompson, first Lord Kelvin, this after
noon received from Yale the honorary de
gree of doctor of laws. The ceremony
took place in Battell Chapel before a
large audience
Lord Kelvin Gets Degree.
% ATHENS, May 5.— While ; the . royal
yacht Amphitf lte, r.with ; the . royal ; family
of - Greece \ on •; board; .. was ¦ on" its .way ' to
Chalkis ':, tb-nigh 1 1 'It > stranded -\ in .' Europis
channel; < have gone to .the scene
to'j assist '< ini refloating the Amphitrlte.', . ; .
Royal Yacht Is :' Stranded.
¦:-, Michael 'Augustine ; Corrigan, . Third
Archbishop of . New York, -and the .first
one'^of American;' birth; was. born- at
Newark, ;N. J., August 17,1839. .. . :
His parents/ Thomas arid ; Mary: English
Corrigan, .were '- natives of Lelnster, ; Ire-
Michael Augustine Corrigan Kno-wn
as ; a Profound , Scholar.
CAREER 02T THE ARCHBISHOP.
PEKING. May 5.-The fear that the
murder of the French priest at Chen Ting
Fu, Chill province, will retard the restora
tion of Tientsin to the Chinese is leading
the government here to make strenuous
efforts to expiate the crime. An edict
just published commands that indemnity
be paid and that the responsible Chinese
officials be punished. Letters have been
cent to the Foreign Ministers assuring
them that the rising In Chill will speedily
China Acts Promptly.
r;It is hot believed- here that any/compli
catlons^will arise from = the action W the
French-Minister, In \ permitting; the Presi
'denf;to';< take . refuge • in '.his £¦ legation.; Of
"course,: if j the revolutionary ' forces attack"
the legation and dragthe President from
Its walls, France : will undoubtedly require
reparation:
News v of .the success of the revolution
came- to the State Department in a mes
sage from, Minister Powell, ; who/is, sta
tioned at Santo Domingo. Powell report
ed that v after three engagements, the In
surgents/obtained possession of the capf.
Ital. Vice President Vasquez was in com
mand of^the attacking forces. President
' Jlmiriez was ; called upon 1 to resign, 1 but" he
refused*, to do so, arid fled to the French
legation for, protection. ¦ Powell added that
the j situation is still very' 1 grave. ¦ '
\ CALL: BUREAU, 1406 'G STREET,* N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May 5.— The flight or
the President of ' San Domingo to the
French . legation In his. capital will prob
ably- result in the 'recognition by the Unit
ed States and other, powers of Vice Pres
ident Vasquez, leader of the revolution
ary forces, as head of the de facto gov
ernment." : ,_ ,- s ¦
POWERS .TO RECOGNIZE
THE NEW GOVERNMENT
LONDON. May 6.— In a dispatch from
Athens the correspondent of the Dally
Mail reports a revolt among the inhabit
ants of the Island of Thaysos, In Euro
¦pean Turkey, against the collection of
taxes. The Governor of the Island, says
the correspondent, ordered the gendarmes
to fire on the demonstrators, with the re
sult that a great number of men, women
and children were killed.
INHABITANTS BEVOLT
AGAINST PAYING TAXES
•:,The illness, really. dates from the end of
February* this year, when', _ ; In going
through the Kelly; Memorial Chapel, he
fell -. between soxne^-Jaeains .: and; to keep
himself ; from faliing'to the^floorl below. he
had to ' hold himself '¦ up by . the armpits.
The strain was, very great,, and before he
recovered from '-the effects of the 'accident
hi&:was attacked .with . penumoniarV It was
thought that ' he '.was * but? of danger, ¦ but
his condition last night was bad and he
was, unable tofrailly.-: r ',.'.¦¦¦ '¦ ' •' . ' " :
r - Dr.-.Keyes,' who was unable to reach the
house until. ten minutes. before midnight,
said that death had doubtless been caused
by. degeneration \ of . the < heart, and : weak
ness resulting from, the Archbishop's ni
rie'ss.\ :-;-'-'-¦¦• '¦?¦'> '
. The -crucifix' had Ibeen J placed in; the
hands of the Archbishop as he lay breath
ing with difficulty, and he died clasping it.
His rosary hung from his wrist. •; Over his
head was a statue of the . Savior and -on
one. side a picture of the Madonna.
DIES CLASPING \ CRUCIFIX.
• All reached the room just in time to see
the prelate ; breathe j his last. | Every one
stood silently, by the bedside watching the
end.-'andat the very last 'all knelt to say
the final prayers as they saw that the end
had come. \ . ' • '¦'":,
servants called all the priests and the rel
atives of the Archbishop to fthe | room.'
There ; were also " present the _.'* trained
nurses^ . two ! Sisters of St. Vincent's Hos
pital,- who have been in attendance in the
sick , room, and three female • servants of.
the . household. . ,.':!* ¦ -' " -:
Returning , to the United States in 1864
Father Corrigan was appointed by Arch
bishop Bayleyof New 'Jersey to the pro
fessorship' of dogmatic theology - and
pacred scripture, and. the directorship of
Seton • Hall College at South ' Orange. N.
J., of which Bishop McQuaid was presl-
He finished his course^and after passing
rigorous examinations obtained the de
gree of D.' D. in 18W. * A : year . previously,
however,' September 19, 1863, he was or
dained: In the Church of St John Lat-
by Cardinal Patrici/ thus becoming
a priest before he "had completed his
theological course, a privilege" which was
granted to .him In "consideration of his re
.markable progress, and .high standing
while a" student. * ...
- He had always led his classes In the
colleges which he had before attended
and he did the same in Rome, making
such, rapid progress in. hla studies as to
win. a. number of medals in competition,
not only with students of: his own college
but .with ( those of the Propaganda an*
the Irish and Greek colleges.
Having previously determined to enter
the priesthood, which decision was large
ly due to his Bister, a very pious young
woman, with whom . he made a tour of
Europe during his ' Junior years at St.
Mary's, he went to Rome and became one
of the twelve students with whom the
American College In that city waa
opened.
graduated in 1859.
land. . They „ people '~of ' some ; means
and ; determined -^o give ¦ their - son,* who
early; showed much , aptitude . In that di
rection, a liberal education.' In due., time
he was entered- as- a ' student at. St. •
Mary's! College, 'Ayiliningtbn, then under
the charge -of.. Vicar General ! Reilly of
that city, andthere;he remained for two
years. He then went .to Mount St. Mary's
College, at \ Emme ttsburg-, I Md. , where he
LAST MOMENTS PEACEFUL. ,
;Hls last moments -were jpeaceful.'and
without evidence of suffering. Besides the
two brothers! of the Archbishop there
were'present in the room' 1 a dozen* priests,'
among them Father Lavelle;' rector, of ithe
cathedral; . a. Mexican bishop; ; Rev.;. Dr."
Starrante, Italian secretary ¦ to the ¦ Arch
bishop,- and ..Father Curley, ' his English
.secretary.'.-' - v ',- ¦ , '. :'.'-.;''.' !^ :
; -About a' quarter, to 11 o'clock the nurses
noticed '¦ that ythe Archbishop : breath
ing with more difficulty . than , usual. V They
tried. to aid hlm.with'restoratives. biithe
did '¦ not /respond to these. His ; breathing
became still more difficult, and it was'evi
dent he was iii great pain. A heart stim-;
ularit was administered.- but', this failed 'to
relieve c the ' patient, and the" nurses^ no._
1 tified f' Father : ' Curley % that ? the ' ; prelate's'
condition' was evidently^, serious \ and that
• Dr."? Keyes : should: be summoned.' i •;, ' • \
;¦: Under /j Father r . Curley's _ direction -' the
About 11' o'clock, however, .the trained
nurses who had clfarge at the bedsldeno
ticed a change. Acting Ton. instructions,^
the physicians were .-telephoned, for. At
,the* same . time the ' ¦ Archbishop's two
brothei a were summoned to the room, as
well as a number r of priests, v It was
quickly! seen by •.the physicians that the
end was at hand, and In less than a'quaf
ter. of an hour . the prelate was dearL? ; =
great- surprise and. shock to
those in the archlepiscopal residence. It
was more so to. the general public, for the
last bulletin of \ the day was that so i.cer
taln were the physicaris J of . an . Improve
ment of the patient that .there wouldj.be
no more bulletins to-hlght.v : /Up i to~ 10;30
there was no evidence of collapse; lnfact;
the Archbishop .at. 10:40 talked with ¦ hlj>
secretary. /. •. ¦ *V.'y -..].- ' .V. ¦ ¦..; ; '-'V
T?V Y" EW YORK.* May 5.—Arch
\ f^L" 1 bishop " Michael Augustine
/ Corrigan died "at 11:03 to-night,
1 aged 62 years. The death of
»' the Archbishop came .7 as.., a
Takes an Unexpected Turn for the Worse and in Less Than a
Quarter of an Hour Passes Peacefully A way.
The Senators met in the Palaclo Segun
<5io and the Representatives in the Com
mandaclo Generale Lamarlnet building.
HAVANA. May 5.— The Cuban Senate
end House of Representatives assembled
at noon to-day in the palace. Governor
General Wood made an address, wishing
the legislators success in the work they
were about to enter upon. He informed
them that no executive power would be
vested in Congress until after the formal
transfer of the government. Their work
now will be to pass upon credentials and
to inform the military government of
ficially who had been selected President,
Vice President. Senators an"d members of
the House of Representatives.
in Their Work.
Governor General Wood Delivers Ad-
dress and Wishes Them Success
CUBAN LEGISLATORS
ASSEMBLE AT HAVANA
NOTED PRELATE OF/THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH WHO DIED AT THE ARqHIEPISCOPAL RESIDENCE '
; IN NEW YORK : LAST NIGHT IN THE PRESENCE OF HIS TWO BROTHERS AND A DOZEN PRIESTS, IN
CLUDING HIS TWO SECRETARIES. ' .•'¦"' pl??'?-
Dr. W. ; Seward Webb, president of the
Rutland Railroad Company, . arrived; to
day from Shelburne Falls, Vt. He; went
into conference during the morning. with
DB. WEBB'S ACTIVITY.
A report that the , clearing-house, assor
elation had called, a meeting to check the
rising tendency of the money market, was
characterized as absurd by Manager Wil
liam Sherrer. . . .:•-*
From $15,000,000 . to $23,000,000 was ' loaned
by the downtown banks and .trust com
panies in the course of the day. The bulk
of the money was loaned at from 10 to 15
per- cent. -.'_-/ ¦];.
Following the annbuncment of the,fail
ures many lots of stocks and a few blocks
of bonds were bought^and sold "under the
rule" in the exchange for" account of the
insolvent concerns. ; All told. 3525 shares of
Rutland preferred were traded in during
the day at from 86 to 96, closing at 95/ a
net loss for the day of 5 points.- The rally
in Rutland from the low point followed
the announcement that Vanderbilt Inter
ests had agreed to take, up a block of
those shares for 'account of some of the.
embarrassed speculators. There was prac
tically-no trading' in. the Webb-Meyer
stocks.
Wall street's conservative men were al
most unanimous . in the opinion that the
day's happenings had done much to clar
ify the financial atmosphere. ! ' .
VANDERBILTS ;TO BESCUE.
The failures were' directly due to last
week's serious decline. in, a number of,in
dustrial stocks. Two of this group-rRut
land Railroad preferred and Stj Lawrence
and Adirondack— are 'regularly listed on
the Stock Exchange. -The others, includ
ing Dominion Securities, Hackensack
Meadows, Narth 'American j Lumber J and
Pulp and Storage Power, are, or' rather
were, more or less extensively dealt in on
the "curb." \ ¦ '• ' -T
The day closed with the usual rumors of
more failures, criminal . prosecution and
the like. The solvency of several financial
Institutions of standing.was.broughtjnto
question, but for such rumors there ap
peared to be absolutely no foundation.
- suspension in' the order
named at the opening of the market to
day. The amount of their joint liabilities
is variously estimated at from $2,006,000- to
$5,000,000, assets unknown, and in the opin
ion of good Judges a goodly, portion are of
doubtful, value. ' ; / . .
«k «EW YORK, May 5.— Three
P&l J Stock Exchange firms—Of
/ / fenbach & Moore, Henry
/ Bros. & Co. and Lockwood,
JL T Hurd & Co.— announced their
The firm of -Henry. Brothers & Co. was
formed '.on February 1, 1900, its members
being Howard " H. Henry, Ambrose D.
Henry, and William E. Gordon. Howard
H." Henry was th'e exchange member. .
The firm of Lockwood, Hurd & Co. was
formed on October 4, 1897, its members be
ing. H.D. Lockwood, Frank H. Hurd and
Frank . H. .Kelly. •- Mr. Lockwood was the
exchange member. .' .
The firm of Offenbach & Moore was or
ganized last. , November. It consisted: of
Robert Offenbach, who was the Stock Ex
change member, and Benjamin P. Moore.
The firm was one of the heaviest dealers
in curb securities*. In Wall street. ' :", '
THE FAILING FIRMS.
Mr.- Prall of the Stock Exchange firm
of Webb & Prall made this statement on
the authority, he "said, of Dr. Webb: "All
the ..Rutland i Railroad's preferred stocks
sold by, Dr. Webb last june, certificates
of which are still in his name and amount
to 12,500 shares, ..will be paid for in cash
at 108by;j.'W. Davis & Co. of 100 Broad
way." : : , .'. :
¦Announcement Is. made .that Dr. Webb
has resigned from the International Pow
er directory. . President Hoadley said that
the resignation' will doubtless be accepted/
A.' L. Meyer, Henry L. Sprague, an attor
ney, and Benjamin P. Moore of Offen
bach & Moore.
Trading in Webb-Meyer Stocks Is Followed
by a Crash in Wall Street.
In vindication 'of : the administration's
policy ' In : the : Philippines, Lodge "of Mas
sachusetts;- chairman > of 'the' Philippine'
Committee,.; addressed the Senate '. to-day.
Lodge denied the allegation that the Gov
ernment •bill" was i for .the exploitation of
the; islands! v :.<¦''¦'¦ ¦: : •;.¦¦;>.. ... - .- .'-/ "-,
The Secretary ; of i War to-day forwarded
to : the Senate Philippine Committee a list
of over* 350, officers and enlisted men who
had i been ':. tried* in ": the : Philippines . by
court-martial; for -offenses against, the na
tives, and: also a long "list s of cases of na
tives tried; by military courts/ .
WASHINGTON, May 5.— The Senate
Philippine Committee to-day heard • Dan
iel Evans.' formerly; ;a private in the
Twelfth Infantry," who testified to seeing
the water cure administered to two ' in
surgents in : northern Luzon . to compel
them V to ¦ give : information concerning
concealed arms.: The information was ob
tained. :, He said he : saw Private Frank
Koehler strike -a water cure victim in the
stomach forty times. . Aside from j the .wa
ter cure j the prisoners were treated hu
manely, by, the States soldiers. -The
committee -.decided; to summon Koehler,
and adjourned ; until to-morrow.
A soldier has died of cholera^pn board
the .United States '. transport Warren, , In
quarantine here. Her crew, and '• passen
gers have been landed by the United States
ship Meriveles. : The Warren will.be fumi
gated and '. undergo another five days'
quarantine. - * *
STRIKES VICTIM'S STOMACH.
Hopes are still entertained of saving
the lives of the other wounded American
officers. . • L' ';'£¦< ?¦.'¦ , •
The body of Second \ Lieutenant Thomas
A. .Vicars of the Twenty-first. Infantry
has been temporarily burled at Malabang.
The one ehance of saving the life of
Captain Moore of the Twenty-seventh In
fantry, who was wounded during "the re
cent fighting with the Moros -In the isl
and of Mindanao, is by trepanning a por
tion of his skull resting upon the brain.
At a- preconcerted signal they got be
tween the soldiers forming the guard and
a company at dinner. The latter, realiz
ing what had happened,' fired on^and pur
sued the Moros, killing thirty-five of them
and capturing nine. The other fugitives
escaped. '¦•.'-...
MANILA, May 5.— Eighty-four Moro
prisoners under guard made an attempt
to' escape to-day. •'.' ,
MOROS MAKE A DASH.
"When they had dug a trench five feet
deep they [ were told to stand up in It.
The picks and shovels ,were taken away.
In this fashion th'e entire thousand were
put out of the way of harm."
1 DIG THEIR OWN; GRAVES.
"This- band proved- to be a secret: or
ganization known "as the Katlpunan. The
priest assured them that if by any chance
a Yankee bullet did hit and .kill /them they
would come to lif e agaiiiljjijtjtee daya.ilhV
priest *was "called out to , tell the 'insur
gents that they had been duped. He re
fused to do so, although he was flogged,
and as an example was. strung, up to a
'tree and allowed to remain there a week
that all could see he did not come to life.'
• "The Katysuman; were: so superstitious
and such fanatics that the, thought of lib
erating them, could not Be entertained.
To keep them prisoners would necessitate
the placing of the soldiers on short ra
tions, if not starving them. , There- was
nothing, to do but to kill them. This was
done by squads.' Every morning' three
squads of twenty inen each were sent out
under guard. They were taken a mile
or so inland and .then furnished picks and
shovels and started to work.
LYNN, Mass., May 5.— One thousand
Filipino prisoners shot in platoons -over
the graves they themselves had been
forced to dig. A priest who acted In the
dual capacity of father-confessor and
general hanged by the neck until dead,
i the 'hanging' taking place before the
slaughter of the prisoners and within
their sight. ' ¦
Such are some of charges made by
J. Pennett Walker, a private in Company
I. Sixteenth Infantry, .'now at Sorsogon,
in the Philippines, in letters to his father;
the Rev. W. H. Walker, D. D.; of this
city.; " • ; . ' .;
Dr. Walker has more than a dozen of
these letters. He refuses to make them
public, however, as he says: /'The story
is too fearful. My boy. has written to me
as a son to his father, and In the face of
the. inquiry now going on I fear it might
bring him into trouble with his superiors.-
He writes of a hike he wont on with men
under Lieutenant Burr. A hike is. an ex
pedition in search of rebels. ; He writes
that the detachment , went to .Vrosln,
eighteen miles from Sorsogon, 1 and to6k
possession of a bamboo church there. The
insurgents were routed,', twelve> were killed
and two captured. The two prisoners told
of the location of the insurgent army and
.agreed to act as guides. ,. The entire com
mand was ordered out, the insurgents
were taken by surprise, 300 of them killed
and ' 1000 taken • prisoners, including a
priest, who was their | general and father
confessor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In view of the fact that Congress and
not the executive is empowered to deter
mine whether an officer of the Govern
ment shall receive a decoration from a for
eign Government, the decision of the
President will undoubtedly cause a stir
In the Capitol. Both the admiral and the
general have many friends in the Senate
end the House who will be inclined to
take up the matter and press It if allowed
to do so.
"There was absolutely no justification
for the President's decision." said a friend
of General Miles. "Mr. Roosevelt has at
tempted to Inflict national disgrace upon
the commanding general of the army and
the admiral of the navy, and now' he has
sought to make their humiliation Inter
national. Of course it will be Impossible
for General Miles to take any action, but
his friends will now understand the
lengths to which the President is willing
to go In his hostility toward him."
Admiral Dewey is inspecting the North
Atlantic squadron on - the southern drill
grounds. General Miles refused to be
seen this afternoon In regard to the pro
posal of the French Government and its
rejection by the President. It is stated,
however, that neither officer win make a
protest. Nor is it seen how this could be
done, in view of the fact that the French
Government never directly tendered the
decoration to them.
FURTHER HUMILIATION.
A notification that the cross would be
conferred upon Admiral Dewey and Lieu
tenant General Miles was taken to the
White House by M. Cambon, the French
Embassador. France desired to commem
orate the ceremonies connected with the
unveiling of the Rochambeau statue to
occur here on May 24. and she believed it
would be a graceful act of courtesy to
select prominent Americans for member
ship of her Legion of Honor. M. Cam
bon called at the White House two weeks
ago and stated that his Government, in
consideration of the great services ren
dered to the world by Admiral Dewey
and General Miles, desired to confer the
cro^F upon them.
WOULD CONFER CROSS.
This action has caused a sensation in
diplomatic and r.nny and navy circles..
The officers directly concerned and their
friends assert that the President's de
cision was due tD a wish to further hu
miliate and this time to make the humil
iation international. Whatever may have
been the reasons controlling 1 the action of
the President, it is certain that France
will not. In view of his attitude, award
the cross to either of the officers.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 5.— President
Roosevelt has intimated to the French
Government that he does not think It de
sirable for that Government to confer the
cross of che Legion of Honor upon Ad
miral Dewey and Lieutenant General
Miles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Alleged International
Humiliation of
Commanders.
Says Filipinos Had to
Dig Their Own
Graves.
So Miles and Dewey
Will Not Receive
Decoration.
Declares a Thousand
Prisoners Were
Killed.
PrivateWalker Sends
Story of A wful
Slaughter.
France Asked by Pres
identNotto Confer
the Cross.
PREVENTS
HONOR TO
OFFICERS
SOLDIER
ALLEGES
MASSACRE
PRICETIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. .157.
6; 1 1902.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY
ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAN,
THE NOTED PRELATE, IS
SUMMONED B Y DEATHTHREE WOMEN OF NATIONAL NOTE WHO.ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE .PART IN DELIBERATIONS OF THE
GENERAL FEDERATION : IN LOS ANGELES, TOWARD WHICH THE EYES OF FAIR CLUB MEMBERS IN
EVERY' STATE OF THE UNION ARE 'NOW'! TURNED. ". r i, ' ..
' Itching Blind. Bleeding or' Protruding Piles.
No cure ¦ No Pay. All druggists are .authorized
hv manufacturers of Paxo Ointment 1 to refund
money, where It .falls to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long, standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and resl. Relieves
itching instantly. This is a new. discovery, and
is the only pile remedy sold on positive, guar
antee, no cure, no- pay. A free sample will ba
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. • Price. 60c. If your druggist don't keep
It in stock send 60c in stamps and we will tor
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St " Loutts, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
An Institution which meets the varied needs
of varied men can also meet ' the varied needs
of varied women. ¦ The intellectual ' needs
of the two classes are not - Very • different in
many imDoftant respects. .In so far as these
are different the elective system' gives full play
for the exDression of such differences; .---.
'3. Shall women; be taught in the ' same
classes' as men? ;.- . •- . • . .. . ...;..
• This Is partly a matter of taste or personal
preference. It does no harm whatever \ to
either 1 men or- women- to. meet those of the
other sex In tbe same 'classrooms. Consider
able has been said for and -against- the union
of -one. institution, of technical . schools and
schools of liberal arts.' But I believe better
men are made when the two are brought' more
closely together. ¦ .- . ¦.:.:_'¦..- ¦
, A woman's .'college is more or less distinctly
a technical school. It is a school of- training:
ANADARKO, O, T., May 5.— A report
was received here this morning of a wat
erspout at Foss, a town on the Choctaw
Railway, in which it is said .twelve per
sons were drowned. The Washita River
is said to have risen ten feet. Anadarko
people living in the bottoms fronting the
river" are hurrying to higher ground.
WATEBSPOTJT AT ANADARKO
DROWNS TWELVE PERSONS
Other speakers were Miss L. J. Martin
of the same university, on "Art for Chil
dren From the Standpoint of Psychol
ogy,"- and &Irs\ Lillian .Duncanson of Chi
cago, on "Fads in Education."
•A final question: Doe not coeducation lead
to marriaKe? 'Most certainly It does, and
this fact cannot be and need not be denied.
The wonder 4s rather .that there, are not more
of such marriare?.. It is a constant surprise
that. so many colleee men turn from their-col
lege associates '. and marry some earlier or
later acquaintance of inferior 'ability. " In
ferior traininz and often inferior; personal
charm- The marriages which result from col
lege association are not usually premature,
and It is certainly true that no better mar
riages can be made than those founded on
common interests and Intellectual friendship.
A college man who has known collese wo
men as a rule Is not drawn to those of lower
.ideals and inferior training. His choice U
likely to be led toward 'the best he has known.
A college woman Is not led by mere propin
quity to accept the attentions of inferior men.
. In I like manner the association with wise,
sane r.nj healthy women has its value for
young men. This value has never been fully
realized, even by the strongest advocates of co
education. It raises their Ideal of womanhood
and the highest manhood must be associated
with such an ideal.
. In schools for men alone the reverse condi
tion often' obtains. The sense of reality ob
scures Jhe elements of beauty and fitness.' It
is of srreat advantage to both men and women
to meet on a plane of equality in education.
Women are brought into contact with men
who can do thlnsrs — men in whom the sense
of reality Is strong and who ¦ have definite
view3 of life. This influence affects them for
good. •
In women'% education as planned for women
alone the . tendency is toward the study of
beauty and order. Literature and language
take precedence over science. The educated
woman is likely to master technique rather
than art; method rather than substance. She
may know a good deal, but she can do noth
ing. .
In this direction. I think, lies the strongest
argument fcr coeducation. This argument Is
especially cocent !n institutions in which the
Individuality of the student Is .recognized and
respected. In such schools each man by his
relation to action and realities becomes a
teacher of, women in these regards, as In other
Ways each cultivated woman is a teacher of
men. . ' .' " > • . .
Havemeyer said that if the tarii* on
sugar was. reduced 20 per cent- neitnei
the trust nor the consumer would get the
benefit of it, because the price would im
mediately advance to offset this action.
Senator Teller insisted the trust had
the power to say to the Cuban people,
"We won't buy your sugar unless you
put it at a certain figure," but Have
meyer contended that this was not so.
He was then excused from giving further
testimony unless the' committee should
decide to summon him again. The com
mittee adjourned until to-morrow.
¦#.-H"M IIIIIIIIIII2Z.il 'I-H-I- Q
for the'Drofession of womanhood. It encour
tgea womanliness of thought as more or less
different from the plain thinking which 13
called manly. The brlehtest work in woman's
colleges la often accompanied by a. nervous.
strain, as though the doer were fearful ot
falllne short cf some outside standard. The
best work of men Is natural. Is unconscious*,
the normal-result of-the contact of the mind
with the problem in question.
WASHINGTON, -i May.' 5. .— . President
.Henry- O.- Hayemeyer..of -. .the American
Sugar : Refining : Company to-day; conun*
ued his ! testimony -.before the Committee
on Relations with Cuba, v He was ques
tioned" by Senator Teller regarding tho
> reduction in the price of v - sugar : at Mis*
souri River; points.' He - said that beet
sugar 'generally sold . ten points below
cane sugar at the points : affected. He
dia riot object to the difference in price,
but'.to the exclusive features ot the con
tracts. . : . '¦• . ¦ ¦•' ' . . ' . " ¦
¦ . : Hayerneyer said attacks were made on
the trust for the purpose, of .getting in
foreign sugars at a lower duty., Cuban
sugar would cost the company - ; as much
with the concession as without It. If the
whole duty was taken off the Cubans
would receive the benent lor a time. He
said the apprehensions of the beet sugar
men were lailaclous.
Reduction-Of :2Q Per Cent on
/ Cuban Product Will .Not
-Benefit Consumer..,
Sugar.
Hayerpeyer Tells About
,. -Beet and VGaiieV-
DENIES CHARGE
AGAINST TRUST
LOS ANGELES, May 5.— The clubwomen
were treated to a' "floral surprise this
morning, for when they entered the great
auditorium, which last week was deco
rated with 60,000 callas, • they . were
greeted by the odor of thousands- and
the Club Women.
Day's Routine in ' the Convention of
REPOSTS AND DISCUSSIONS.
EAKERSFIELD. May 5. — Some miscreant en
tered St. Paul's Church yesterday and carried
away the solid silver communion service, ¦ the
property of the rector. Rev. Edward Morgan.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. May B.-Mrs. Kate
Soffel. the wife of Warden Soffel of the
Allegheny County Jail, who figured in the
sensational escape and recapture of the
Biddle brothers last January, to-day en
tered a. plea of guilty to the charge of
abetting and aiding in the escape of pris
oners. She will be sentenced next Satur
day. The maximum penally is two years
in the penitentiary. .
The courtroom was crowded to the doors
many women being present. Mrs. Soffel
was accompanied only by her physician
and attorney, having made a special re
quest that none of her relatives be pres
ent during the trying ordeal. She was
dressed neatly and appeared to have en
tirely recovered from the wounds received
during the battle between the bandits and
officers. -T ¦ -; -
to Escape From Allegheny
County Jail. • ,
Admits That Sne Aided the Biddies
WIFE OF WARDEN SOFFEL
ENTEBS PLEA OF GTJHiTx'
Vessels May Not Take From
Vancouver Cargoes for
the Yukon.
OF HTTKREST TO PEOPLE :
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Are Made in tbe
Postal Service and More New
Pensions Are Granted. -
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 5.—Post
master* commissioned: California — :
Grace F. opicer. Steele Swamp. Oregon
—Walter H. Kirby, Geiser. Washing. ]
ton— William T. Cavanaugh, Olympia; I
Jacob E. Jones, Grant. i
These pensions were granted to-day:
Californa: Original — James McKay,
Sheep Ranch, $12; John W. BaJch, San
Francisco, $8; Markus Aurelius Cox car
ters, $12; Hugh Markin, San Francisco,
J8; John Davis, San Francisco, $12; An
thony Balling, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $12; Henry C. Mallory, Soldiers*
Home, Los Angeles, $12; Eleaxero Tow
ner, Suisun City. $12. Widows— Josephine
Knee, Lordsburg, $S.
Oregon: Increase— Orville Green, Eu.
gene, $8; John WT HidtsL Cottage Grove,
$S; Harman P. Brittaln, Wamic. J16. Wid
cws—Harriet F. Jackson, Rainier, $8
Washington: Original, War with Spain
-Oscar Howards, Spokane, $S. In
crease—James C. Robinson, Olympia $8-
Platt A. Smith, Dunlap, $12; Delvin B*
Merrill, Port Angeles, $8.. Widowa-Ther
esa Man, Whatcom, $8.
Army orders— Major John A. Huh is re
lieved from duty as judge advocate De
partment of California, on the arrival at
San Francisco of Lieutenant Colonel Jas
per N. Morrison, and is ordered to Omaha
as Judge advocate of the Department of
Missouri. • • . -
Now, however, the Canadian compan- j
ies and the Government are both seeking '
the centralizing of Canadian shipping In ;
Canadian channels. It is proposed to can- i
eel the old order, 6O that none but Can- '
adian. boats may carry goods which have ¦
been bonded thr(?»gh American territory !
from Vancouver to Skagway. The activ- j
ity of American competitors in the- busi- i
ness on this side of the line has caused
this action to be urged upon the Govern- ;
ment and the old order probably will be I
rescinded. ¦ ¦ ' ' ' , \
Recently large shipments of cattle, of!
which the entire supply for the Klondike j
leaves Vancouver, have been shipped j
from here, all on boats of American reg- i
ister.
The proposed action would mean ulti
mately the cutting off of Vancouver from '¦
the Skagway route of such American ves- !
sels as the City of Seattle, the Dolphin .
and the Humboldt, and, perhaps, a.' rate '
war 'between the companies and the Can- j
adian Pacific. None of the companies in- '
terested are anxious for a rate dispute j
and the interference of the Government is
taken as a proposal to eject the Amer- I
lean companies without showing the hand j
of business rivalry.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 5.—Follow
ing its decision to grant 'a large subsidy
to the Canadian Pacific Navigation Com
pany's steamers on the Vancouver-Skag
way route, the Canadian Government now
proposes to take another step which will
have a far-reaching effect against .Amer
ican steamers and in favor' of Canadian
boats. It is proposed to do away with an
order made by the' Ottawa Government
three years ago, which provided that
bonded freight from Vancouver for the
Canadian Yukon might be sent to Skag
way in American vessels. This was done
to accommodate shippers In the days of
tbe northern rush, when the Canadian
boats were unable to handle all tbe trade.
Special Dispatch^to The Call.
PBESIDENTIAL " OTJTLOOK.
The- color discussion has'overshadowed
the presidential race to-day, but, at the
same time, reports are flying fast. There
seems to be • a feeling that the Decker
forces are gaining ground. A Colorado
omar >u^ ald , that seventeen
fatates had already announced their In
tention of voting for her. Some idea of
the statement of the convention in this
connection may be ascertained to-morrow
afternoon, when Mrs. Decker appears on
the programme. At '5 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon the nominating committee will
meet to make up the ticket. The rumor
that Mrs. Dennison has withdrawn was
promptly denied by her to-night. ' i
The report of the committee appointed
to secure a national charter, as made "by
Mrs. Mary Lockwood. called forth much
discussion and entanglement, especially
as Mrs. Bailey of New Jersey insisted on
presenting an opinion by Judge Dill the
corporation lawyer of New. York. This
committee, which was not compelled to
report to the convention in the first plac
was Instructed to continue the work of
accepting the charter and perfecting
under it, the new organization.
The invitation extended by Mrs. Wil
liam Tod Helmu'th of New York- that the
next convention be held in that city will
be referred, like the one from Minneapo
lis, to the board for action.
Another was Miss Jane Aduams of Hull
House, Chicago, who paid tribute to the
magnanimous position of Georgia in the
controversy, but declared race integrity
could best be. obtained through equality.
One of the last speeches was by Mrs.
Alice Bradford Mills of Chicago, who
made a strong plea for the continued
union of women of the North and the
South, and for the acceptance of the com
promise. ?
May Alden Ward of Boston, president
cf the Massachusetts Federation, said
to-night that there were two small points
on which that State was not . satisfied.
One was that j the convention suspended
the rules for a viva voce vote, instead of
by ballot, it being uncertain under the
circumstances that there was the neces
sary two-thirdj vote. The other point re
verts to a notice given by Miss Addams
that she wished to amend section 3 to
morrow morning at the continued busi
ness meeting, in order to make two in
stead of one dissenting voice on the
membership committee necessary to re
ject an application for membership. The
convention parliamentary rules provide
that sixty days' notice would be neces
sary to amend section 3, as it belonged
to the present : by-laws, but Mrs. Ward
said that section 3 allowed too large a
lcophole for the other side and Massa
chusetts wished the house would grant
Miss Addams Indulgence on this point
Mrs. Ward also said that Massachusetts
would have supported Mrs. Shields In her
substitute amendment had the word
"colored" been left out.
MISS ADBAJIS' APPEAL.
¦When' colored women are strong enough to
stand on an equal footing with the whites, let
us consider their admission, but In God's name,
let us not stop i their -..progress by admitting
them at this time. . \ , . . ¦
When discussion was fully startedon
section 2, Mrs. Shields of Missouri, who
spoke as an individual woman who "^was
born a slave-owner, rather -than for the
State, offered a substitute amendment,
which though finally turned down with
a thud, ushered the heated debate. It
read: . . y . ..
That clubs containing colored women shall
be eligible to the General Federation in those
States and Territories in which they are eligi
ble to membership in their State and Territo
rial federations, and in other organizations
race eligibility shall be declared" by the two
thirds vote. /
/in the course of debate, whic"h, though
intense, was at all times collected and
clear, three speeches seemed to make a
marked impression on the audience. The
first one was by Mrs. Gallagher of Ohio,
who ended by saying: , .;
The president shall refer all applications for
membership to ' -the committee on
appointed by the board* of directors, for its
action upon the same. 'The action .of the com
mittee on membership shall be in .writing, and
a unanimous vote of tbe committee shall be re
quired to . elect. Inv-case the committee falls
to agree, the application shall be referred to
the whole board, the written vote of two-thirds
of which shall be necessary to elect to mem
bership. " . - .-, , ¦:
From a St4te where a club is a member of
the State Federation, it would also be eligible
to ihe General Federation, If recommended by
the executive board cf the State Federation,
the power of admission to remain as given in
article II of the by-laws.
This section 3, which will come up to
morrow, should be given now, to help to
an understanding of the situation. It
reads: , . - :,' . '¦ .
Section 2, which was considered and
finally adopted, reads: - '
THIS IS THE COMPBOMISE.
Tj OS ; ANGELES, May a
I two years' discussion of the ad
| mission of colored women to the
H .^ General Federation ;. at Women's
Clubs the anti-colorlsts won. to
day when the sixth convention voted
overwhelmingly to accept what is known
as the compromise amendment, 'agreed
upon in New York" several weeks, ago.
Mrs. Lowe refuses to speak for rublica
tlon on the outcome, but beams; with
every word that she utters. The; Geor
gia delegates are jubilant, while the Mas-'
sachusetts women are not especially
unhappy. •.'¦ . ' ' '¦' \'
On the opening day of the convention
it was evident the spirit of tolerance
would rule. Massachusetts did not ap
pear "dead set,"' and though : Georgia
gathered her southern forces and de
cided not to budge from her position,
there was absolutely no bitterness in the
preliminary talk outside the .convention
hall. This morning, as predicted, there
was suppressed excitement "during- the
consideration of the charter, which came
up first, and when Mrs. A. O. . cranger,
president of the Georgia Federation,
moved that sections 2 arid 3 of article. II,:
parts of the proposed amendments,- be
considered first, every one knew the bat«
tie was on." * ... *. -...-.
When points of order and interrogation
points flew thick and fast, Mrs,« Lowe,
whose presiding was superb, left, the*
chair for a time, it being believed she did'
this to . give Mrs. Dennison another
chance at 1 , presiding. - ,'
Benefit to American
Steamships.
Will Rescind Order of
CANADA TO WAR
ON OUR SHIPPING
THE SA^T FRANGISeiQ JCALL, TUESDAY,- MAY 6 r 19
•¦ As to the first question: It* must depend on'
ths character of the *glrl. Precisely so With
the boy. "What we should do. with either de
jicnds on his y or her possibilities. No paren*
should let 7 cither.- boy or girl enter life ¦ with
any i less preparation 1 than . the best they ; can "
irive. ¦ -¦¦; ,-¦• . ¦ ... . • , :
2. r Shall, we give our girls the -game educa
tion.as our. boya7. .,...; , .. • .-:. ;
. Yes and no. r if we mean the same,". an equal
degree* of. bt-eadthtahd- thoroughness, an. equal*
litnesB : for. high thinking and wise acting, yes, ¦"
let it be ' the name. If ,we . mean •" this; Shall -
we reach this, end by 'exactly the same course'
of ; studies ?. then ¦ my answer - must"- be . no. .
for the; same course of study ¦ will not yield
the same results with different 'pemine.vv .Tho
ordinary ."collejre.j court}"- which:; has been
handed down, from ' to generation
Is purely* conventional. ' The fcreat educational
awakening ¦*>! the last : . twenty yea rs \ In 'America'
has lain In brea kins , the bonds : of this oil"
Fystem.. -The er6?nce^of-then?w education. Is ,
constructive - individualism. Its ' Durpose, Is to |
Kiv<» to - each : young : man that tralnlnsr which ' i
v;Ill^make-a-man .of >hlm..~ iNot. the: trainlnK !
which .'a, century -of two. ago • helped to. civil- 1
lze the 3 mass ; of i boysi of .; that ; time, -. but >; that
which will civilize' this p«.rtimi to i. w»_- •
' The : subject, ot the higher training: of. young
women may resolve Itself into three questions:
c, 1.7 Bhall- a girl receiver a college, euuuatlon?
a. -Shall she receive the , same kind of an
college education as 'a boy? •. ,'
a. Shall ¦ she be ' educated " in the same col
lcse? :. •¦ -., ... . •...., . ; ;- ... . . .>. ¦:¦¦
LOS ANGELES. iMayj 5.— At ."the educa
tion session to-night . President . David
Starr, Jordan of Leland, Stanford Univer
sity c was - the i chief 'speaker,', his subject
being" ','The Education of ..Women." Presi
dent Jgrdan paid in part: - : ' , •
Stanford's President.
DR. JORDAlf A SPEAKER,
\ "Education of Women? '¦ the Theme of
Four sessions occupied the 'afternoon.
One. on ."Civics,", under Mrs. Anna - 1).
West, had as speakers and their subjects:
Mrs. Belle Perry, of Michigan, "Responsi
bilities of Women in Municipal Reform".;
Mrs. . M. E. Frautman of. New York
"Moans and Methods In Protecting " Pub
lic-Health"; MIsS'Abby Ware of Kansas
of Community Life to Social Re
form"; Miss Georgia Bacon. of Massa
chusetts. "Vacation"-- Schools ¦ and Play-
Grounds" : * Mrs. ; Martha Hopnin of Ohio, i
"Proper Reformatories for Women < and
Childreh"; Mrs. Frederick Schoff of Penn
sylvania, "Juvenil«». Court ¦ Law." - Th's
was followed by a forestry session, under '
Mrs. J. P. • Mumford ' of Pennsylvania.* i
.Oner of. the two sessions s In, the other
auditorium was.under Mrs.-AnnleMobrcs
of Texas, during which traveling libraries |
and traveling art collections were brought
iout - by/ euch speakers ja»;MrB>,«C.'» P.
¦ ¦ ¦ - . ¦-:¦
It was at this point and before the color |
discussion came up that th? charter ques--i
tion was postponed and Mrs. Lowe called I
for committee reports, crowded out at -a
previous session; chief of which was that :
of .Mrs. Dennlson, as chairman of. the
membership . commfttee. She stated that
Kansas was the banner. State, brlnging'in
new clubs to the number of sixty.
The last 'announcement of the morning
session came from Mrs. William Todd
Helinuth of New York, president of the
National Council' of Women,' who 'ex
tended an "invitation .-that the. next ; bien
nial be held in that city. The acceptance
is a matter of future consideration.
As predicted,. Mrs./ Bailey of New Jer
sey attempted" to- introduce the opinion' of
Judge . Dill of- New York, showing .that
the federation - is r not legally organized
under its present charter,, and this called
forth considerable sparring before she re
ceived the consent of the convention to
read her paper. In the course of the dis
cussion Mrs. Bailey further stated that
until there was a national code of cor
poration laws the federation would be
hampered by having a national "instead of
a State, charter. •
This flower feature, which is such a dis
tinguishing mark of the California con
vention, began by local committees meet
ing trains at outlying stations with loads
of bouquets. Almost every day during
the convention bunches of blossoms are
banded around, while the delegate who
dees not receive from'some source a bou
quet or a box of oranges at regular inter
vals belongs .to the Order of the Over
looked. Mrs. "Lowe's. room, moreover, is a
floral bower from morning till night. ¦ ¦' ¦
After a squabble over tne report of the
reincorporation committee this morning
Its further consideration was postponeu.
The expected trouble over the charter
preceded these considerations and after a
series of parliamentary tangles, which
Mrs. Lowe handled -with her customary
power, further; discussion was postponed.
Mrs.' Lockwood made her report as chair
man of the committee, . stating that Con*
gress hadgranted the General Federation
a national- charter and that -it 'was the
last one . signed . by ¦ .President. -, McKinley.
Mrs. Julia B. Shattuck'of Illinois. moved
that the "report be accepted and. the com
mittee be empowered to. continue. and call
a meeting at Washington for the purpose
of finally. accepting, the charter and per
fecting the new organization. : .
thousands. of pink carnations, which had
replaced the lilies as a solid background
to the platform and as a' border, to the
two balconies. The local committee was
up at daybreak and with a corps of as
sistants accomplished its task of adorn
ment for the opening session at 9:30
O'clOCk. • ' . •• -.?..:. .......
'The "subjects of "The Educational Value
of Bird Study," as' given by Mrs. Charles
Tobinger.of Nebraska, and "The Economic
Value of Bird Life to Human Life," by
Mrs. Eben Smith of Illinois; * were dis
cussed by Mrs. "W. H. Bailey of Iowa;
who in her address. made this prophecy:
•When women realize what a carnage; the use
of wings,, aigrettes- and, plumage means to the
most charming ; form J of animal life, fashions
will undoubtedly change.-. •" ~
! The Audubon session led off with a re
port by Mrs. John Illick of Iowa, which
closed as follows:. ,
This department, with the purpose of bring
ing together the different societies created rfoi 1
the protection and propagation of bird life and
imparting to ea<Sh a knowledge of the - work
done by the others, has published' bulletins for
sale or distribution giving the various legisla
tion' in the States bearing upon this matter,
and also a directory of the organizations exist
ing in. the United States which are interested
in : this . protective work. . .,;•-¦.•¦'*¦
But laws are not seft -executing*. That these
are -not entirely effective is evidenced by the
.frequent inquiry, '.'What has become 'Of. our
bird laws?" And; of the painful evidence .that
they yet' serve the milliner's art. It is doubt
less a. fact that women -are . the birds' worst
enemies. ; Ohly a couple ' of -years ago the re
port was" made that in one year . five - million
birds were slaughtered to bedeck women's head
gear. One million bobolinks were bereft of life,
70.0CO song birds' notes were stilled that their
plumage might be used for millinery purposes.
- It the women of a'great body like this, in the
love" of- the beautiful- in nature, , standing , for
the rigljt, would .,unlte. In a strong determina
tion, against, this 'sacrifice of life and song. for
personal adornment,. the laws I have reported to
you would more easily and with less- expense
be made effective. ' The results, . however, so
far accomplished, give : encouragement for a
greater, work in the future. . '. --.•..••
Barnes of Kentucky,. Mrs. Charles A. Per
kins of Tennessee, Mrs. j Percy Penny
backer of Texas and Mrs. S. O. Neldus
of Utah. . 5
Los Angeles: Convention of tne^--^
Troubl&some Problem|b^(|livin^
Acceptance :pf , tha Gdmpr|mjs^|^rriefi|m^
VICTORY ON THE COLOR QUESTION
RESTS WITH SOUTHERN WOMEN
2
AUCTION!
VON RHEIN R, B. CO.
t
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
THURSDMY, WAV 13th
. . V 12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP. . .
Cor* Geary and Laguna — 7 Superb
Lots, All Sunny.
- — —
.• ¦ ¦: ¦. . ¦ . 8
: : t
— — I ; — >
at
¦ . ; HI
27:6 27:8 27:6 27:6 27:6 |
GEARY STREET.
PACIFIC AVE.— HOME OF JUDGE W. C
VAN FLEET.
27x127:6—2721 Padnc. W of Scott: 12 rooms.
¦ S baths; hardwood floors; furnace, range, toil*
Hard room, reception hall, etc. . - '. ..
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
27:6x132:6 — 2914 California, sunny side, west
of Broderlck: 9 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.;
good yard.
COR. JONE3 AND FILBERT— RENTS $63.
41x70— NE.' cor. Jones and Filbert: 4 flats;
marine view; bank mortgage can remain; 990-
896 Filbert.
LEAVKNWORTH, NR. E1XJS — Renta $37 SO.
22xS6:6 — 310 and 312 Leav«jworth. For ab-
solute certainty of advance in value no location
superior to this.
21st-STREET FLATS— RENTS $30. .
25x100— 2932 and 2934 21st «t.. N. Ite*. east
of Treat ave.; each flat 5 rooms -and bath.
S. "W. COR. 17th and CHURCH.-
100x100. with store and residence improve-
ments— 3711 to 3717 Seventeenth st. or will
sell corner. .53:6x100 and adjoining- . lot oa
BUILDING *LOTS^-CASTRO AND 19th STS.
45xSO— West . line of Castro. 30 feet N. of
19th. In 1 or 2 lots; also 43x75. N. line of
19th W. of Castro, In 1 or 2 lots.
TWO' DIAMOND-STREET LOTS— BARGAIN.
Two lots, each 25x115, west line of Dtamrad.
310 feet S. of Twenty-first street.
LARGE DOLORES-STREET LOT.
3O-«xll7:6 to an alley — Mission sunny belt:
east 'line of Dolores. 122 N. of Twenty-second.
Dolc-es i» one- of the widest streets In the city.
GEART-STR- ET CORNER— RENT *34.
25 X 92 2205 Geary and 1319 to 20 Broderlck ;
suitable for grocery; $3000 bank mortgage can
remain. ¦ ¦ ¦• • - .
g^s^a RUPTURE J
.TO^^^Q^^^SiCuxTObyDrJ^rce's fl
fr*igga£rKgSig£E^ electric trcss fl
« "V^ggl&^-^'othinKlilce it. Comfort A ffl
H"^^^fV /security! A Perfect Retainer. JRI
R //m N^' 8 * ae w orkl KT Cail «r J^
»> /ffl « write ta//iyfor"BOOXLrrjro.V* JEw
Nfej 3 gA/ r Address: Maijoetlc B.TniSS Co, -Iffi }
2C5 Pest Street, San Francisco, Cal. t&
Or 33 W. 2 tth St., Ken Toil. Uontloa tSrfi Paper fiSi
hll HAWS REliNYlGORATOR^fS^
Stops all losses in 2i hours. Five &XJl*yO
huncrc J reward for any case we ESEtt 9m3
cannot cure. This ' secret rem- O_ H
edy cures Emissions, Impotency, J53SI BH
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. fWH Wfl
Strictures, ' Drains, Lnst Man- iJkHJ tl^Vi
hood and all other wastinj ef- SSS__|5?1
lects of s:elf-abuse or excesses. NBSSSSBll
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guarantee
to cure any case.. Call or address Ordert
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853 Broad,
way, Oakland, ' Cal. Also for sale at 1073 X
Market st.. : S. F. Send for free book.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
how is ev. You
Want
Illl^r Health!
St mach Troub'e Cifred
Positively and permanently by the most suc-
cessful specialists in stomach and abdominal
diseases, JEFFERSON SANITARIUM. 779
GEARY ST.. S. F. ' We ha\-e devoted a "life-
time to the most careful research, study and
investigation of thU most prevalent American
complaint, dealing: succeesfully with the most
difficult and complicated cases kjiown'tb the
profession.'. The doctors : have been instrumental
in restoring to. perfect health . hundreds of. des-
perate* cases after all- other- methods have
proved unavailing. : THE .DOCTORS WILL
TELL .YOU ¦¦ FREE- If your ease Is curable
\\ rite them IN CONFIDENXE to-day, Bivinjr
an accurate and minute description of- your
trouble, inclose a stamp and their expert opin-
ion and plan of the CELEBRATED PROCTOR
STOMAfH ..TREATMENT - will be rent, you
Without -cofft. at -once;; ". EO-NOT '.DESPAIR
CURE IS SIXP.JZ.-; In all cases where a Cancer,-
. Tumor or Gallstones are suspected ' we : make a
careful and thorough X-RAY examination.
Piles and stricture cured without the knife.
PAINE'S CKTiTTRT COmOTTSOD.
Nature Smiling.
¦ While Thousands Softer.
Paine'sCelery
Compound
The Great Spring Health Gfrer
Makes Sick People Well.
A Prominent Clergyman Tells
How He Escaped from His
Deadly Perils.
. When spring cornea . with its gentl»
showers, its balmy air, its bright sunshine
and bursting buds, it too often brings to
our homes scenes ot suffering and physi-
cal decav.
The seeds of disease, which were imper-
ceptibly germinating during the winter
months, have developed and planted In the
system dangers that' now call for our in-
stant care and attention. Neglect and
procrastination will only deepen existing;
perils and lead to death.
Before the advent of spring, you must
have noted symptoms, perhaps of indiges-
tion, dyspepsia, rheumatism, neuralgia,
kidney disease, liver complaint, functional
irregularities or nervous disorders.
Take warning, sufferers! the symptoms
you ; experience are signals of disease. D«-
lay not another day; hesitation and Inde-
cision on your part may forever seal you?
fate. If you have already made efforts to
banish your troubles by the use of other
medicines and the treatment of physi-
cians, and these have failed, we counsel
you to put your full trust in that great
disease .banisher, Paine's Celery Com-
pound. Its use for a week of two will
convince you that you have truly com-
menced a new existence. Rev. W. E.
Aldridge. a leading and prominent clergy-
man of Birmingham, Ala., says:
"I have been afflicted for ten years with
what I thought to be heart disease, but
after having the physicians examine me,
I learned that I was almost dead from
indigestion. They told me they could give
me medicine that would relieve me, but
there, was no permanent cure. Then I be-
gan using Paine's Celery Compound,
which gave me immediate relief, and I am
now well and enjoying good health. I can
recommend Paine's Celery Compound to>
be the best medicine for all ailments; If
people will use the Compound freely, they
will have no doctors' bills to pay."
IITA V ftNH II YF^ are the Amplest dyes mada.
UIAT Ullll UIEJa chIM can use them.
j^Zf"^. « \ V. fPa fl S ¥ riSs«.
I want every women who wishes to im-
prove her complexion— who wishes to have
her skin soft as velvet— who would like
to have her face free from all skin erup-
tions and facial blemishes— to use my
Witch Hazel Soap. I want every mother
to try this -soap on baby and see how
quickly it will relieve the little one of all
. hives, baby rash and chafing. Makes baby
sweet as roses.— MUNYON.
llA 17 All II/D^li" fe 1 '
To the man who does not rfffLJL < 1 1* LJl 1j |^Wl
.¦>wear^pajimas'';vyy'.\yant;to;say..;ftK j - 'iib/ K^vVii
that they are very comfortable lira]!- I I I j lyf / ///
and warm, and are reaily the \jjull= 4 s Kl \ tH W/j)l
proper sleeping garments for - y 1^! I j i I 1 1 ; \j^J>//J
men. Traveling menall over .' 1 1 I f
the world -consider their ward- jnff \ | j j j ftw£? .
. robe incomplete without a few i ||J If ||| \;
SLiits oi i)ajamas. p«JL^ ' * i , *
To "the man who wears pkjamas we Iff-fJ^l r M-i
. want -to. .say. that we have them at > ||//7/hT (1/1 j
r $i.oo a suit that .warrant His'investi- fill i /AM fill
Ration: they, come in madras, soft |//////flll III
flannelette and oxford, in up-to-date i/'////b! Ill
'colorings . and > patterns. v Byron or - II
"military 'collars (as. pictured): . the - III ///j •¦•'I! if
.value; of .the pajamas according to •¦" If*;//// I 1}
exclusive haber'dasherj'':' Stojres is # ' ' Iff .¦//// '-VI II i
<pi> tfv :j^" .'";¦¦• fli/m \ fl
Out-of-town orders filled. ' f?\* - j "^ X \. ' ¦
' ;V; 7J§ -Market Stree;.
¦ •¦¦¦¦¦ ..'¦' ¦¦¦..*.¦¦¦-¦. . ¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦ ' ¦ _ _¦¦ f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' Horsford's Acid Phosphate n
relieves depression, nausea, B
nervousness, wa kef ulness and k
other ill effects from excessive - S
smoking. It counteracts the §
irritation caused by absorp- * E
tion of nicotine, and induces £
restful sleep. It is a splen- k
did ¦ nerve tonic and. gystem E
strengthener, increasing; ca- g '
pacity for hard vrork. , Insist R
on having - • * I
• -,.;¦..'- ;„ - ¦-¦ - • i --•'• ---. i
Hor^rfbrd 9 *? \
\ Acid [
Phosphate j
SonfiK4*i u» c» •nfjr-OZXUrxz jwii^ E
r Si'lls¥ia*l "Y'ViVlinr»ffff^fi'lri'i«TTTh'^-'*^' liaMB ff r Tf
>eM^OEy;fY,STRONG&CG.^g*^
. m q pk pt ¦ rr ?5 F^JfS^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues snd Price' List3 Mallai
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PlfJ IRON.
J- t- « ILOUn ttt/-. Telephone Mala 1884.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA-- DUlE2atJ clay. Tel. Uaia 1:>-ji.
OILS.
LCBIUCATIXO OILS. LEONARD & HLU5.
<J6 Front sC. 8. F. Phone Ms! n 171 1.
PRINriNG.
i: r l-unuvz muster.
PRINTERS. BOOXBINJERj
7US HICKS-JUDO CX)., _
•J3 *'U*t *Uttu Saa FraneUc*SANTA CLARA, May 5.— Mrs. E. Abad.
wife of Henrique Abad, a fruit dealer of
the City of Mexico, was here yesterday
on business connected with the firm of
which her husband is the head. She says
that California fruit Is In great favor
with the Mexican people and the firm will
handle It extensively this year.
California Fruit for Mexici. '
Parties desiring to visit the Bakerafleld Street
Fair and Carnival can secure tickets at one
fare for the round trip. These tickets will be
on sale at the Santa Fe office. 641 Market St.,
for all trains May 7, good to return until May
11.
Bakexsfield Excursion.
Euston came to this city about a month
ago from San Francisco on the steamship
Humboldt. He made a trip to Alaska re
cently. He was seen at 11 o'clock last
night walking on the wharves not far
from where the body was found. It i.i
supposed he fell into the bay while intoxi
cated. He had a brother living: in San
Francisco.
SEATTLE, May 5.— The body of Ed
ward Euston. a marine fireman of San
Francisco, was found floating: in the bay
near the Grant-street bridge this morn
ing. There were no marks of violence.
The only article found on the body was a
skeleton key. which was in an overall
pocket.
Meets Accidental Death at
Seattle.
Edward Euston of San FranciscD
MABINE FIREMAN'S BODY
IXOATHTG IN THE BAY
Queen "Wilhelmina, although of robust
appearance, has always been somewhat
delicate, and her health has required very
careful attention. . . -
At 10 o'clock her Majesty was reported
to be sleeping quietly, and at that hour
her condition was practlally unchanged,.
The Dutch newspapers strangely publish
nothing concerning Queen Wilftelmina'a
Illness beyond the official bulletins and
brief expressions of thankfulness that her
Majesty 6 life has been saved. It Is no
longer concealed that the operation which
was performed last night was most dan
gerous, and that for an hour the patient's
life hung by a thread, causing the most
terrible suspense. Even now. although
the Queen's physicians are exceedingly
reticent. It Is .known that her condition
remains precarious and that everything
depends upon the strength of the pa
tient's constitution. There Is reasonable
hope for her Majesty's recovery, how
ever, provided that hemorrhage is avoid
ed. It Is now said her Majesty's doctors,
being no longer embarrassed by complica
tions In their patient's condition, will be
able to adopt more efficient means in
treating the typhoid. It is also held to be
exceedingly fortunate that the mishap of
last night occurred when It did. Instead of
a fortnight ago. It would then almost
certainly have proved fatal. Great hopes
are built on the fact that the Dutclv. Pre
mier. Dr. Kuyper, was not summoned to
the palace to-night.
The Dutch public Is strongly resentful
at learning that the truth of this case has
been long withheld and that reassuring
bulletins were issued while her Majesty's
condition was known to be dangerous.
This fact engenders some suspicion, and
anxiety as to the reliability of the bulle
tins issued to-day.
"Her Majesty's fever has not increased,
and we are quietly and hopefully awaiting
the result of a good night's rest for th»
Queen. There is no cause for immediate
disquietude."
A bulletin posted at 2 p. m. announced
that the condition of Queen ¦Wilhelmina
continued to be satisfactory.
The evening passed quietly at L.00 Pal
ace, but Drs. Roessingh and Pot have re
mained at the Queen's bedside. Baron
Clifford, master of the Queen's household,
said to-night:
THE HAGUE, May 5.— "It is a disap
pointment, but the Queen* is saved." Such
Is the general feeling regarding the sad
event of yesterday evening. The extreme
seriousness of her Majesty's Illness was
closely connected with the acute infec
tious malady from wh\ch she was con
valescing, and this complication involved
imminent danger of her death. The op
eration necessitated under such conditions
was performed without difficulty and
without the serious complications which
often arise in such cases. Consequently
the intense anxiety felt throughout the
castle has been replaced to 'some degree
by confidence, since the Queen'3 symp
toms continue to indicate that the dan
ger is no longer imminent.
A bulletin issued at Castle Loo this
morning Is as follows: "Ae has been
feared, the Illness of which Queen Wil
helmlna Is suffering put an end yesterday
evening to the hopes for a happy event,
the realization whereof was expected in
September next. All things considered,
her Majesty's condition is satisfactory at
the present moment."
Master of the Household
Says There Is No Cause
for Disquietude.
Wilhelmina's Physicians
Report Her Condition
Satisfactory. .
HOPE TO SAVE
LIFE OF QUEEN
AVALANCHE OF VOTES BEARS A CROWN
TO THE BROW OF A SACRAMENTO BELLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1902.
Continued From Page One.
•¦ SAqRAMENTO, May 5.-The sentence
of. Frank R. Donlah of Tulare, condemned
to be hanged on May 9, has been com
muted to life Imprisonment by Governor
Gage. Physicians declared the prisoner is
mentally unbalanced. .
•.•¦-, ¦¦'¦ . •:' /"-'.'"¦•-¦..¦ . —
¦Gallows Loses a Victim.
REDDING. May 5.— Because he was
strapped firmly to the seat of the coach,
George Rogers, driver of one of the-Sis
son and Fall River Mills stages, was un
able to leap when the stage overturned
during a runaway, and his life was
crushed out beneath the cumbrous vehi
cle. The accident occurred in the vlcinity
of- Bartle's summer resort and had no
witnesses. . .
• George Rogers was driving toward Sis
son. His brother John, who drives the
other stage, passed him on the road and
they exchanged a few words. The next
morning George's overturned coach' was
foynd, with, the, driver dead beneath it.
One of the horses lay dead near by,. and;
the other was badly crippled. Apparently
the harness had broken In descending a
grade. The horses had run away and the
pole struck a pine tree at the foot of the
grade. The shock broke the horses loose
and upset the stage. Rogers was strapped
to his seat, as is customary with drivers
through the mountains, and could make
no effort to save himself. '¦• ;•:*.-.:
Disaster.
His Life in a Runaway
STRAPPED TO STAGE SEAT
HE RACES TO HIS DEATH
Driver of a Mountain Coach' Loses
Several days ago a number of Indians
visited the camp and taunted Hansen with
having sold his daughter to the white
man Then Hansen and Johnson, both
intoxicated, commenced to fight, the
young woman taking the part of John
son. During the conflict . a lamp was
knocked down and a fire started. While
the camp was burning the Indians fled
in a canoe. Johnson followed in another,
and paddling after his fellow brawlers he
grasped their craft and the fight was re
sumed. While the struggle was in prog
ress .the canoes were upset and none of
the contestants reached the shore.
Two Indians who had taken part in the
fight in the camp, but who did not go
out in the canoes, witnessed the tragedy.
Johnson became enamored of the daugh
ter of Indian George Hansen when he
« s . lte< Li he cam P and offered $100 for the;
girl. This Hansen at first refused to "ac
cept, but when Johnson later threw in a
case of whisky the Indian parted with the
girl, who was 16 years of age. Johnson
took up his residence with the Indian
familv. ¦•
VICTORIA, B..C, May 5.-News was
brought by the steamer Princess May,
from Juneau and Skagway, of a tragedy
near the former port, resulting in at least
four deaths. One of the victims was
Thomas Johnson, a white prospector,
who, after working for some time at the
Tresdwell mines, was beachcombing and
selling whisky to Indians along the
northern coastx The others were George
Hansen, his wife and daughter, all Sitka
Indians, who had been living at a small
camp at Petersburg, on the Douglas Isl
and ccast.
-Special Dispatch to The Call.
The answer of the Northern Securities
Company is divided into two parts. The
first Is largely a denial of the petition as
respecting any charge. of conspiracy and
as respecting the purposes of the organ
ization of the Securities Company. In
stead of owning a majority of the shares
of the Great Northern or Northern Pa
cific companies, it Is stated that those who
are interested in the organization of the
Securities Company did not own within
$26,000,000 of a majority .of the Great
Northern shares and little more than one
quarter of the Northern Pacific shares.
This part jot the answer states that the
Securities X'ompany has acquired by
transfer on the Great Northern , books
about five-twelfths of that company's
stock, has negotiated for about four
twelfths of the total of such stock which
has not been transferred and as to which
it has at present no .voting power, and
has paid on account of Great Northern
and Northern Pacific ' shares purchased
over $40,000,000 in cash; that many stock
holders have not and may not sell shares,
and' that neither company by any act or
suggestion has solicited shareholders to
sell to the Securities Company.
In the second part of the answer the
purchase of the Chicago, BurliHgton and
Quincy Railway Company is taken up,
the reasons for such purchase having
been, it is alleged, "erroneously stated. in
the petition."' Attention is called to the
sparsely settled or unsettled nature of the
country ; through which the Great North
ern lines pass; the abundance of raw ma
terials to be hauled at , a low mileage
ST. PAUL, May 5.— "An enterprise in
aid of a great competitive Interstate ami
International, commerce" is the descrip
tion of the Northern Securities Company
In the answer filed by the attorneys for
that corporation in the suit brought by
Attorney General P. C. Knox on behalf
of the United States to enjoin the so
called merger of the Northern Pacific and
the Great Northern railways. This an
swer was filed late, this afternoon in the
United States Circuit Court In this city,
and at the same time Individual answers
were filed by James J. Hill, William P.
Clough,- D. Willis- James, John S. Ken
nedy, George F. Baker and the Great
Northern Railway and by J. Pierpont
Morgan, Robert Bacon, Daniel S. Lamont
and the- Northern Pacific Railway;- The
various papers follow- the same lines.'
Four Deaths the Result
of a Combat Near
Juneau.
Securities Company En
ters General 'Denial
to the Charges.
CANOES CAPSIZE
WITH BRAWLERS
Miss Dayis Is a striking brunette, above
the average height and Is one of the
handsomest girls in Sonoma County. She
Is 'a native daughter, having been born
In this city. She is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. John B. Davis. ¦
SANTA R6SA. May 5.— Mies Elaine
Davis has been selected to represent the
City of Roses at the coming street fair
and" floral festival in Sacramento. Miss
Davis decided to accept at a late hour to
night, the honor having been tendered her
by the people of this city some time ago.
The selection was made by a committee
appointed by the Sonoma County Board
of Trade.
Hiss Elaine Davis Will Be a Maid
of Honor.
CHOICE OF CITY OF SOSES.
Dailey and Robert Whitney of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club of San Francisco; Dr.
P. J. Powell of the Stockton club and
Bert Adams and C. M. Goethe of th*e local
club.
rate; the great timber wealth in the Pa
cific Northwest, and the necessity of a
return load for the cars taking this tim
ber to the prairie States; the development
of trade with Eastern Asia as a means
of securing such return loads, and the
establishment of a connecting steamship
line for that purpose. It is stated that "In
the interstate and national commerce
which the Great Northern Company has
thus built up it competes both in this
country and on the ocean with the other
transcontinental lines (including the Can
adian Pacific), and at the Oriental ports
it competes for the commerce of the
world. Its rates are and must be made
in competition witfl the rates of ocean
carriers and by way of the Suez canal.
The policy thus followed by the Great
Northern Company is building up an in
ternational and thereby an interstate
commerce has been followed by the
Northern Pacific Company since its re
organization in 1896."
SAN JOSE, May 5.— Two Chinese on the
Rnnta Maria ranch on the Uvm, seven miles
from Gllroy, 1 - quarreled this evening and one
stabbed the other to death. The murderer
escaped.
Syndicate Buys Electric System.
SANTA CRUZ. May 6.— Eastern and
Los Angeles capitalists have acquired the
plant and franchise of the Santa Cruz
Electric Ligt and Power Company, owned
by James McNeil and associates. The
same capitalists recently purchased the
gas plants in Salinas, Montereyr Palo
Alto and other places. They propose to
?xpend 5S5.O00 improving and extending
Xhz plant here.
Result of Gilroy's Election.
GILROY. May 5.-In the city election
tc-day the following were elected: Mayor
H. R. Chesbro; Clerk, C. N. Hoover: Mar
shal James McElroy; Treasurer, Henry
H f£ keT^ C ° unc " men . Thomas Hlnes, N\
Rice, R. E. Wood. Al Eustis. H. T
and George Sklllicorn. All but
Hines and Rice are the incumbents
ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAH PASSES AWAY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May 5.-The final
canvass of the ballots for May
Queen was completed to-night
and Miss Fay Jackson was de
clared elected to the throne. She
received 157,716 votes, while her
opponent. Miss Gertrude Plumb, received
68.609 votes. The May Queen will at once
select her robes to be worn at the corona
tion ball in the Assembly chamber of the
State Capitol next Monday night. -A num
ber of young society women will dance
the minuet at this ball and it promises to
be a brilliant opening of the festival week.
On the following day, Tuesday, the
floral pageant will take place and on this
occasion the Queen and her maids of
honor, who will come from neighboring
cities, will appear in fluffy white gar
ments, affording quite a contrast to the
velvety robes of state which will be worn
at the evening events. It is believed the
floral parade will be the finest yet at
tempted in Sacramento and there will be
many attractive equipages in line.
The Street Fair Club has under consid
eration the holding of a mardi gras
toward the close of the fair week. It is
believed that it will be a splendid drawing
card and the plan doubtless will be car
ried into execution.
The Sacramento Driving Club announces
its intention to hold a race meeting at
Agricultural Park during Street Fair
week. Many of the horses from the Oak
land racetrack are expected to appear.
The Street Fair Dog Show will be an
other attraction. It is to be held under
the auspices of the California Kennel
Club. Four well-known experts have been
chosen to Judge the dogs. They are J. J.
Lynn of Port Huron. Mich.; E. C. Plume
of San Francisco, C. N. Post of Sacra
mento and Dr. George W. Clayton of Chi
cago.
pie, but by his ecclesiastical superiors.
He took a deep interest in reformatory
and institutional work and establishments
of the greatest importance to the welfare
of the people about him soon began to
rise, as it were, by magic. He dedicated
fifty new churches and gave them pastors
and consecrated a cathedral' church. Ho
continued to be president of Seton Hall,
over which he kept a watchful eye until
1876; founded a number of religious com
munities, established a reformatory for
boys, a refuge for misguided women and
a general asylum for the orphans of his
diocese. He introduced into New Jersey
the Jesuits and Dominicans and founded
the convent for the Dominican Nuns of
the Perpetual Adoration, besides other
works too numerous to list here.
On October 1, 1880. Bishop Corrigan was
made coadjutor, with the right of succes
sion, to Cardinal McCloskey, Archbishop
of New York, under the title of Arch
bishop of Petra, and thereafter nearly all
the practical work of the archdiocese fell
Into his hands. By this time the Catholic
schools of New Jersey had increased to
150, having nearly 30,000 pupils, with 150
churches and 172 priests.
Archbishop Corrigan was then the
youngest archbishop, as he had been the
youngest bishop, of the Catholic church
in America. From the beginning of his
ecclesiastical career honors had fallen to
him In a most unusual way, but never did
they change his manner or course of con
duct from the unassuming habit that be
had adopted from the first.
In 1884 Archbishop Corrigan was sum
moned to Rome, and represented New
York in the Plenary Council, called to ad
vise the Holy Father.
On October 10, 1885, the death of Car
dinal McCloskey made Archbishop Corri
gan Metropolitan of the diocese of New
York, and by special act of courtesy he
was permitted to perform, the functions.
of his office immediately upon his acces
sion. Instead of waiting, as is the custom,'
for the pallium, which in his case did not
actually arrive until early in 1886.
Archbishop Corrigan was ¦ a profound
scholar, and, although not a great orator,
a most agreeable preacher, impressing his
hearers without resorting to any of the
usual rhetorical means of gaining and
holding their attention. His office was
conducted in a masterful manner, though
often under conditions and circumstances
the reverse of peaceful, being not infre
quently disturbed by the most bitter and
harassing internal dissensions, through all
of which with remarkable tact and judg
ment he managed to steer his course so
as to gain tne respect even of bis oppo
nents and those who disliked his public
attitude as a member of the Catholic
hierarchy of America.
dent. Soon after he was made vice presi
dent, and !n 186S. upon the appointment of
Bishop McQuaid to the newly created sp»
of Rochester, Father Corrigan. though
but 2$ years of age, was appointed bv
the Archbishop to be president of the col
Jc-ge. which was one of the foremost
Catholic educational institutions in the
United States.
During the absence of Archbishop Bay
ify at the Vatican Council in 1870. Father
Ccrrigan acted as administrator and vicar
general of the diocese, and when In 1S73
Archbishop Bayley was transferred to thp
see of Baltimore, thereby becoming pri
mate of America, upon his earnest recom
mendation Pius IX appointed Father Cor
rigan Bishop of Newark.
He was consecrated May 4, 1S73, in the
old St. Patrick's Cathedral by the late
Cardinal, then Archbishop McCloskey.
Bishop Corrigan In his new office soon
manifested powers that made him ad
mired and resrected not only by his peo-
QUEEN FAY AND SOME OF
THE FAIR MAIDS OF HONOR
OF HER COURT.
The tennis tournament .¦will be another
Interesting feature of the week. The en
tries for the tournament will close Satur
day next. The following teams have thus
far entered for the championship and
Noack trophy for doubles: Pope and Lum
bard and Patterson and Drescher of the
local club; Atkinson and Nicolaus and
FILES ANSWER
TO MERGER SUIT
Hinsdale, and Hawley of the East Side
Club; Budgett and Whitney of the Citrus
Colony Club; the Elliott brothers of Lin
coln; Toler and Birdsall of Auburn and
the Porter and Allen brothers from Wood
land.
The following have entered for the
championship singles: S. E. Pope, Charles
Lumbard, A. 'D. Patterson; B.- Drescher,
F. Budgett, H. F. Elliott. H. R. Elliott,
J. H. Toler. E. S. Birdsall, Frank Atkin
son, L. Nicolaus, Dr. Hawley. Lester
Hinsdale, Albert A. Allen, Ben S. Allen,
F. A. Porter, H. D. Porter, F. S. Craig.
The umpires for the tournament will bo
as follows on the various days: Joseph
Coronation Ball Will Occur in the Assembly. Chamber of the State
Capitol Next Monday Night, and on Tuesday the Beautiful
Sovereign and Her Court Will Reyie\\r
Douglas, who has worked for the tele
graph companies for many years, ascend
ed a pole at the corner of Center and Cin
nabar streets to repair one of the wires.
The Los Gatos wire of the telegraph com
pany in some manner got crosBed with tne
power line of the Standard Electric Com
pany, which runs from Blue Lakes to San
Jose. A voltage of 30,000 is carried by the
Standard line, and it is believed that
Douglas received a large part of this cur
rent. While linemen axe not able to tell
JustTiow much electricity passed Into his
body, it is said to have been at least sev
eral thousand volts more than is re
quired to kill an ordinary man.
When Douglas received the shock he
fell back unconscious in the network of
wires. His clothing caught fire. The man
was terribly burned on his back from his
fhoulders to his hips and his face and
hands were partially cooked. He was
in an unconscious condition when rescued
find removed to the Receiving Hospital.
There he soon recovered consciousness
After his burns were treated he was re
moved to St. Luke's Hospital.
While Douglas is frightfully burned
there is a slight chance that he will re
cover.
6AN JOSE, May 5.— Several thousand
volts of electricity passed through the
body of Walter Douglas, a lineman in the
employ of the Western Union Telegraph
Company, this afternoon, and he is still
alive. For at least ten seconds he lay on
the wires, about thirty feet above ground,
his clothing^burning and his flesh cooking.
Some telephone employes who were pres
ent cut off the current-and rescued Doug
hs more dead than alive.
Thousands of Volts Pass Through
Lineman's Body, but He Still
Lives.
SURVIVES THE SHOCK
OF ELECTRIC CURRENT
Nearly Two Hundred
Thousand Ballots
Are Cast for Her
Miss Fay Jackson Is
Chosen to Preside
Over the Street Fair
Frank Wadsworth of New York has
been appointed to succeed William Cor
coran Eustis as third secretary of the
United States Embassy at London. Eus
tis' resignation takes effect July 1.
Squires' selection fills the very first re
quirement laid down by the President,
namely, that the Minister to Cuba
should be a man of diplomatic experU
ence. He is a native of Canada, but was
appointed from New York. In 1894 he
¦was appointed second secretary of the
United States Embassy at Berlin, retir
ing in 1S97. In January. 189S, he was ap
pointed secretary of the United States,
L^gat'on at Peking, remaining there con
stantly until a few months ago, when he
returned to the United States on leave.
He had had military experience, and by
virtue of that fact was practically in
charge of the legation defenses during
the Boxer uprising. ¦_"
General Bragg:, the new Consul General
at Havana, was born in Unadilla. N. Y.,
In 1827. He entered the Union army as
a captain in 1861. and reached the grade
of brigadier general in the regular estab
lishment. He served for some years in
congress, find was afterward appointed
United States Minister to Mexico. His
present home is in Fon du Lac. Wis. The
salary of the Consul General at Havana
Js 55000.
' Tt was announced at the State Depart
ment to-day that Joseph H. Gilder, a
relative of "Richard Watson. Gilder of
New York, has been appointed United
States dispatch agent at London, filling
the vacancy caused by the death of B. F.
Stevens. The London Dispatch Agency
handles ail the official mail of this Gov
ernment going to and coming from Eu
rope, Asia and Africa, and the agency is
the recognized rendezvous for army, na
val. diplomatic and consular officers go-
Ing to and from Europe.
WASHINGTON.. May 5.— H. G. Squires,
secretary of the legration at Peking, has
been selected by the President to be
Minister to Cuba, and General E. S.
Bragg of Wisconsin has been selected as
Consul General at Havana,
General E. S. Bragg Is x Named
as Consul General to
Havana.
President Roosevelt Se
lects Him to Be Min
ister to Cuba. f
SQUIRES GETS
COVETED POST
3
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A car-load of Cook Books '
hits Just arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for dlstrl- .
I bntlon\ at. the' Imntneaa office
of this paper. ; AH Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy .
of this great Cook Book at
the. premium price of lirty
cents. .
An additional charge of 20
cents tol pay erpreiiage -frill |
* ! be required from out of town >
subscribers ordering by mail.' .
¦ -/-¦.¦'¦'•, . •
Ladies, Be on Your Guard!
DENOUNCE THE RASCALS
TTho fteal your money by- forcing upon Lablache Face Powder Is a positive
you a dangerous counterfeit powder when benefit to the skin. It freshens clears
you ask for the genuine Lablache beautifies. Restores and preserves the
Powder. Give your trade to honest and natural softness of the skin, while the
reliable dealers who will sell you the gen- counterfeit powder will Injure the com-
uine Lablacbe Pace Powder, the stand- plexlon. We ask that every lady usini?
ard toilet powder, which is in general use Lablache Face Powder will examine the
by the best and most distinguished women, label of the box carefully, and if In doubt
not only in America, but also in London, as to the genuineness of the powder send
Paris. Dresden. Hongkong. Shanghai, us the circular or the cover of the box, to-
Japan and Manila, and. In fact, every- gether with the name of the dealer from
where. Its virtues have been sounded by whom the powder was purchased, and if
Sarah Bernhardt. Mme. Emma Eames, it is the counterfeit, she will be advised
Mme. Emma Calve, Mme. Suzanne by return mall, so that she can demand
Adams. Mile, Rea. Mile, do Lussan, Miss that her money be refunded, and whoever
Maude Adams. Miss Marguerita Sylva and sold It will be prosecuted to the. full ex-
by scores of other famous women of the tent of the law. Fifty. cents per box of
etage and in private life. The genuine! all reliable druggists or by maiL~
RPM I P VV & C(\ FRBNCH PERFUMERS
DEI* LL f I ft Wl/t 125 Kingston St.-
BOSTON, MASS.
(r Jl | t ' LJ -^- 1 - 1 —^ "
R| qBM ' ' - rn JL <&»tv A .EL *&*' £5?^
S LI ill III C I ITa,
* Our line- of $io made-tc-order suits contains many light weight and light .
pattern" cloths that are just the thing for summer wear.
/As a summer suit is only worn for three or four months, ours at $10 are ¦'¦
' suitable and inexpensive — yet they serve their purpose well, .for they are
stylishly cut and well made.
Every suit guaranteed— ycur money's worth or your money back.
" ; Come in and get* our samples — no. trouble to give you several pieces
/ 'Suits satisfactory \-i\ A lr\r\ rv * r* ou * °* *^ 9 c
. r - r v^'fSl'\/%/& If lO &fliV write forself-meas-
ily made for out-of- W/ / ¥- E¥^-^^oLr \?w @ i f . ., , j
~ ,' , I v r «-— - "t-^ *Lr unng blank and
town customers. 718 Market and Cor. Powell & Eddy samples.Clark E. Spence . of ; .Wllkinsburg, Pa
who lef t ! his \hbnie. several months ago to
come to " Calif ornla, is being / anxiously'
sought for, by his relatives. . They have
addressed - letters to friends in this cltv
requesting them to search for the mls^ine
man. Jt is believed that He is somewhere
in this State. His mother, ''who has be
come a widow since the son left home
resides at 427 Center street; Wilkinsburg'
Seeking Missing Easterner.
Do You "Want a Trunk
At a moderate price — one that looks good
and Is good? Made of genuine basswood
brass trimmed, with leather straps and
two trays. It is a leader in oar trunk de
partment, and the price is $7 50. We have
a special suit case also at $6 50 that is
equally good and cheap. Sanborn Vail
& Co., 741 Market st. , ,' ,
Rev. Dr. Ament of Peking, China, deliv
ered an interesting talk yesterday on mis
sionary experiences in the Orient. He
said the main spirit of the Idol has-been
broken and there is a new spirit abroad
and new ideas bring strife and restless
ness. He said it was necessary to leaven
the Chinese. Rev. Dr. Prentis of the
U. S. Grant University of Tennessee and
Rev. Dr. Gregory of Santa Rosa address
ed the Methodist Episcopal ministers at
their meeting yesterday.
Ministerial Meetings.
Hansted Will Be Held.
The motion to dismiss the charge
against Fred Hansted of assault to do
grievous bodily injury upon Thomas Gax
rett was argued by Attorney Archie
Campbell for the defendant and Attorney
Peter F. Dunne for the prosecution before
Judge Cabanlss yesterday and denied. At
torney Campbell was given till this morn
ing to decide whether or not he will sub
mit his case. The trial of William E.
O'Donnell on a similar charge was then
commenced and will be continued to-mor
row afternoon.
Bummage Sale for Charity.
A rummage sale for the benefit of the
Presbyterian Orphanage and farm will
bo held at 734 Greenwich street commenc
ing May 9. The ladies having the sale in
charge have spared no -effort to make it
a success, and they earnestly appeal to
all who aie charitably inclined to send
donations of old clothing of all descrip
tions. The following committee has the
affair in charge: Mrs. P. D. Brown, Mrs.
Robert Dollar, Mrs. A. E. Kent, Mrs. S.
P. Barstow, Mrs. W. C. Ridenot, Mrs. S.
McLalne, Mrs. F. Dal ton, Mrs. A. W.
Jackson, Mrs. J. S. Webster, Mrs. J. S.
Weston and Mrs. T. P. Tlsdale.
Tax Collector Smith, stated that he
would require $73,800 to conduct his office
and $150 for the hire of a buggy for the
use of the License Office. Deputy Treas
urer Perkins asked for $16,000 to fun the
Treasurer's office. The committee ex
pressed Itself in favor of a private ex
change telephone Bystem with the City
Hall and will provide funds for its in
stallation.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
met yesterday afternoon to continue its
inquiry Into the estimates filed by the
various heads of departments of the
amounts required to conduct their ofllce3
doring the next fiscal year. Deputy Cor
oner McCormick explained the various
items in the Coroner's estimate, which
include $2600 to complete the Morgue
building and $24,040 for general expenses. .
Commissioner Manson of the Board of
Public Works enlightened the committee
regarding the proposed fire alarm and
police telegraph central station ' \o he
erected In the courtyard of the City Hall
at a cost of $40,000. Supervisor Loughrey
stated that the improvement is a-neccs-'
sity. Chief Hewitt of the Department of
Electricity explained the intention to con
verge the system of wires to a central
point in. the city. The Finance Commit
tee recommended the passage of a reso
lution favoring the courtyard as a site
for the station and authorizing an ex
penditure of $7500 to commence the erec
tion of a temporary structure" at once
A resolution on the subject was adopted
by the board.
Orders Erection of Temporary Central
Firm Alarm Station in Court
yard of City Hall.
The following officers were elected to
serve for the ensuing year: President, E.
B. Ryan; vice president, C. J. Wilder;
secretary. Miss Anna Cummings; counsel,
J. E. Foulds; directors— E. B. Ryan, E.
E. Wade, J. J. Strong, George T. Kllnk,
C. C. Bonte, C. J. Wilder, J. E. Foulds.
W. S. Potter, and J. M. Sherburn.
The Southern Pacific Employes' Mutual
Benefit Association held its twenty-second
annual meeting yesterday afternoon in
the "Wells-Fargo building. The annual
report was read and showed that the as
sociation had a surplus of $109,773 38. The
membership is now 1210, an increase of 198
over last year.
Association Has Large Member
ship and Big Fund.
Southern Pacific Employes' Benefit
COIXIS P. HUNTING/TON'S
PET SCHEME FLOUBISHING
J. E. Medau, local agent for the Michi
gan Central Railroad Company, swore to
a complaint before Judge Mogan yester
day charging Littell with the offense
.mentioned. He said that Littell, whose
father is a prominent official connected
with the railroad company, called upon
him on »January 25 and represented that
he had $S0 on deposit with the Home Sav
ings Bank, Detroit, Mich., and as he was
in need of funds he asked Medau if he
would cash a check for the • amount to
oblige him. Medau complied and the
check was returned marked "no account."
George E. Littell, alias Leslie, the dash-
Ing young man who was arrested in Port
land last week because he is wanted in
Suisun on a charge of forgery, will prob
ably be brought to this city for trial on a
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses.
Obtaining Money by False
Pretenses.
Warrant Secured for His Arrest for
FINANCE COMMITTEE
OONSIDEBS BUDGET
LITTEIX "WANTED 1 FOB . .
CKIME IN THIS CITY
The board awarded the bid for publish
ing the delinquent tax list to the Weekly
Post at 3% cents, that being the lowest
bid.
The petition of the San Francisco Retail
Merchants' Association that electric arc
lights be installed on Fillmore and Devis
adero streets was referred to the Finance
Committee.
The Mayor was authorized to appoint
a committee of twenty-five citizens -to
take charge of the Fourth of July cele
bration. ; ; .
The ordinance requiring any athletic as
sociation to be incorporated for three
months before being granted a permit for
a boxing exhibition was re-referred to the
•joint Police and Judiciary Committee.
The Bookbinders' Protective and Bene
ficial Association petitioned that in future
all work in the City. Hall in connection
with the rebinding and labeling of books
shall be done by men carrying the union
working card. The petition states that
four apprentice" boys were employed in
the Recorder's office on work that should
have been done by journeymen. ¦
A. Aronson petitioned that the side
walks on New Anthony street be fixed at
thirteen feet. Aronson says he has pro
jected Improvements believing that the
sidewalks were thirteen feet wide, but an
ordinance was passed reducing them to
ten feet.
Comte made a plea against public gam
bling and urged the passage of the or
dinances, with the understanding that
they be not enforced in harmless cases.
The vote whereby the ordinances were
defeated follows:
Ayes — Booth, Comte, Connor, Payot,' Sander
son, Wilson — 6.
Noes — Alpers, Bent, Boxton, Brandenstein,
Braunhart, Curtis, D'Ancona Eggers, Lough
ery. Lynch, McClellan, Wynn — 12.
Brandenstein said the ordinances would
prevent a man from going into a corner
grocery and playing for a 5-cent chip.
"We do not desire to impose , a burden
on the general public," said Brandenstein,
"so I would oppose any such drastic
measure as working a hardship and be
ing too sweeping. The ordinances would
prevent a man from playing cards for a
giass of beer. I would suggest that the
measures be returned to the Police Com
mission to be redrafted, with a view to
removing its oppressive features and to
cover the evil intended to be suppressed."
Braunhart held that the remedy lies in
the hands of the Police Commission, who
may revoke the licenses of any man found
prosecuting any nefarious business.
Commissioner Hutton of the Police
Board stated that the ordinances were
proposed on acount "of the frequent com
plaints against the Cafe Royal and other
places in which country people were vic
timized. Hutton said that an offlcer was
sent to a room in which a poker game
was in progress and he lost $35 in five
minutes, and he added that the offlcer is
considered a good poker player.
"The officer reported that five queens
had been dealt from one pack," said Hut
ton, "and we concluded that a man had
no chance in such games. We desire to
reach the professional sharpers by., these
ordinances."
The Board of Supervisors yesterday de
feated the three proposed ordinances pro
hibiting the playing or dealing of card
games for money or becoming a visitor
to such games in places where liquors are
sold.
Alpers' resolution providing: that the
proposed hospital building , to be erected
on the tract of land purchased from the
Bay View Land Company shall at all
times be known as the "Bay View Hos
pital," and no contract shall be entered
into for its construction under any other
r.ame. was referred to the Health Com
mittee. The intention Is to eliminate the
name of "Pesthouse."
A petition signed by many property
owners and residents was filed requesting
the board to appropriate $35,000 for the
improvement of Buena Vista Park.
The Board of Works recommended the
paving with bitumen of Howard street,
between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
The City Engineer filed a report relat
ing to the purchase by the city of land to
be used for drainage purposes from Fif
teenth street to Tilden street, with a view
to connecting the two streets named. H.
Epstein has agreed to sell the necessary
right of way for $2750.
The City Attorney was requested to dis
miss the appeal in the matter of con
demnation proceedings for the acquisition
of land for St. Mary's Square and for
which judgment in eminent domain was
obtained by J. AV. Goldstein.
The company also requests the right to
use in common with the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley road the fran
chises gTanted to that company on Ken
tucky and Illinois streets. The road is re
quired to be commenced in one year and
completed in five years.
An ordinance was passed to print order
ing the paving of Mission street, from Sil
ver avenue to Ocean avenue, with bitumen
at a cost of $15,000 property-owners having
subscribed $7500 for the improvement.
Sunnydale avenue, Visitacion avenue, by
means of a bridge; under San Bruno avenue,
between Berlin and Barry streets, by means of
a tunnel; under Barry street, Girard street and
San Bruno avenue, near Railroad avenue; un
der Railroad avenue, between Thirty-eighth
avenue South and San Bruno avenue, under
Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thir
ty-seventh, Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth
Avenues South, K street South and a number
of other streets in the Potrero, Visitacion Val
ley and South Francisco and contiguous Jo the
properties of the Southern Pacific Company.
The ordinance was referred to the Street
Committee.
A proposed ordinance accompanies the
petition and specifies the following streets
intended to be crossed by the railroad:
Your petitioner desires to establish engine
houses, shops and yards upon its own proper
ties in the district bounded by Fourth. Channel,
Kentucky. Sixth and Sixteenth streets, and be
tween Sixteenth. Kentucky, Mariposa streets,
and Pennsylvania avenue, and to connect such
shops and engine houses with its mala line of
railroad; that petitioner is the owner of all
the necessary right of way except where said
lines cross or run along public streets and high
ways, and that construction work will be com
menced as soon as permission is granted.
The Southern Pacific Company filed
a petition yesterday with the Board
of Supervisors for a franchise to enter the
city at a point where the southerly bound
ary line of the city and county is inter
sected by Sunnyside avenue and to run
thence in a northerly direction to the
northeast line of Sixth street, opposite
South, and to construct certain branch
lines connected with said railroad on cer
tain designated streets. The petition
says:
To regulate street railways, tracks and
cars; to compel two lines of street rail
way operated under different manage
ment to use the same street, each paying
an equal portion for the construction cf
the tracks and appurtenances used by
said railways jointly; but in no case must
two lines of street railway operated under
different managements occupy and use
the same street or tracks for a distance
of more than ten blocks consecutively; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers and
goods thereon; to regulate rates of speed,
and to pass ordinances to protect the
public from danger or inconvenience in
the operation of such roads.
A resolution that the Committee on
Charter Amendments be instructed to
submit to the electors at the next general
election the following amendment to sub
division 27 of section 1, article 2, chapter
2 of the charter was referred to the com
mittee named:
Also, .commencing at Fulton street, on
Tenth avenue, thence along Tenth avenue
to Point Lobos avenue, thence along
Point Lobbs avenue to Geary street,
thence along Geary street to Grant ave
nue, thence along Grant avenue to Bush
street, thence along Bush street to
Kearny street, thence along Kearny
street to Pine street and thenc© along
Pine street to Market street.
Commencing at Fulton street, on Tenth
avenue, thence along Tenth avenue to
Point Lobos avenue, thence along Point
Lobos avenue to Geary street and thence
along Geary street to Market" street.
The Board of Public "Works through the
city engineer . was requested to prepare
plans and estimates of the cost of the
original construction or reconstruction
and completion of a municipal electric
railroad along the following described
routes and to file said plans and estimates
with the Supervisors:
Deterioration and inadequacy of existing
buildings for school purposes on account of
wear and tear, and constant use for many
years without necessary and required improve
ments.
The' ordinance was referred to the Fi
nance Committee. *
Overcrowding of the present classrooms; un
sanitary conditions resulting from such over
crowding and deterioration of educational
standards arising from excess of pupils in the
various" classes.
Inadequacy of the present school buildings
to contain and provide accommodation for the
pupils already enrolled and for children of
school age desirous of entering the schools; im
possibility under the present conditions of re
ceiving into the public schools a large number
of children who are entitled to be received and
taught therein.
It appears that a great necessity and emer
gency exists for the repair and remodeling of
the present school buildings, and for the con
struction of new buildings for school purposes,
the character of such necessity and emergency
being as follows:
Supervisor Wilson Introduced an ordi
nance at yesterday's meeting of the
Board of Supervisors providing that the
limitation of taxation as provided in
chapter 1 of article 3 of the charter be
temporarily suspended and ordering and
declaring that an increase of taxation of
l\i cents ort each $100 'be levied for the
fiscal year 1902-03 for needed repairs and
remodeling of existing schoolhouses and
for the erection and construction of new
school buildings. The ordinance says:
Merchants Want Lights on
Devisadero and Fillmore
s Streets
Board of Works to Estimate
Cost of Reconstructing -
Geary Road.
Will Build Road From Sunny
dale Avenue to Sixth
Street.
Police Commission's Or
dinances Fail of
Passage.
Southern Pacific Peti
tions Board for Cut-r
off Line.
Supervisors Propose Bill
; to Raise I/mit of
UevyV
RAILROAD ASKS
NEW FRANCHISE
PROVIDES TAX
FOR SCHOOLS
BOARD DEFEATS
ANTI-POKER LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1902.
CITY LEGISLATORS IN SESSION
4
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF. ALL '.HEALTH
Resorts. Hot and Cold Soda Baths.' -Rates,
$10 to $15 per week. 1 Two trains daily, foot of
Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.. For further
information address Peck's Bureau,' ,11. .Mont-
gomery street, or ''¦' '.V''
Bartlett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation usa-
fulas well as pleasant. After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how It was possible to feel so well,
etrong and vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl. dance,
swim, bathe, walk over mountain paths,
amuse yourselves in hundreds of happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send for booklet. ¦ .'. •.
. CaH or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, . Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter St.. S. F. Lake Co.. Cal.
o -o
e% is n r% r% n HOT springs, sono-
SKUHfiS MA COUNTY; only 4%
\JI\n%J\J%J hours from San Fran-
-{ cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; bcth morning and alter-
roon stages; round trip from San Francisco
enly ?5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rales $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
cf the past seven years. Patronage of l(>01
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office. 121 Phelan bldg.: Tourist Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery St.; also at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery at., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skases, Cal.
¦.¦•.¦ROVr'.A'RDENNAN'
In the heart of the Santa Cruz Mountain!, yet near
enough to the ocean for a daily salt water swim. Red-
woods and tea breezes — a wonderful combination.
Souvenir booklet free. Peck's Information Bureau, it
Mont j. St. or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
ORCHARD SPRINGS S5,5!S
la tb* Foo-vilit of the Sierra NitruU Mountains, near Colfm, on
C. P. R. R. a 138 milei from San Franelico. Mo flawing Plato,
qaiot retremt; finest •emery, water, mountain sir. fruit and eilmsf
ta California. Idtal foreit. trnondl *n«i turronndhw. IS a week.
Ecnd far booklet. ORCHARD SPRINGS, Colfu, Cal.
— ¦— — ¦— THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOFTT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtfs
- School will be open to summer
JVIENLO guests during June and July.
r»*r»ir Superior climate, .excellent
rAKK, table; reasonable prices. Ad-
1 dress IRA G. HOITT.
SEIGLER SPRINGS^™
ers unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stom-
ach diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing; $8
to $12 week. Office, 117 Grant ave., or, Selgler
Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTAGES, j
• Howell' Mountain; .altitude 2000 .feet;.' air
pure* and dry: delightful family resort;, daily:
mall; croquet;- reg. bowline; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $8 per week.- Writa>
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin, Cal. // . . .'
agua Caliente,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. K. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many Improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor.
Agua Caliente, Cal. ' . • ; . .¦:
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
- Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and 52 50 per day; $10 to $14. per
wejk. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery St.,
or address EDSON BROS., Beswick, Siaklyou
County. Cal. . •''."..':.-.'.
¦ THE PDRISSIMA HOUSE. .
Near the ocean. Fishing in only mountain
trout stream In San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI, Prop./
Purieslma, San Mateo Co., Cal. _ ;, . ¦.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming /esort in the Santa Cruz llts.;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; Bwimmins and all sports; table unsur-
passed: best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year." A. S. OLNET. Manager.. _; ¦•
HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES. ;\
San Mateo, Cal.,:. is now under . new . manage-
ment. Everything , first class. . Cuisine unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling v. alleys, billiards,
pool, shuf fleboard, lawn tennis, salt water bath-
ing, etc. i Rates on application. WREXN '. &
SPAULDINQ. Proprietors. ¦'. '
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.'
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home, Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRT PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal. ¦
SARATOGA STRINGS.
Better than ever this year — booklet and full
information at Peck's Information Bureau, 11
Montgomery st., or California and Northwest-
ern R. R. office. 650 Market St., or John Mar-
tene. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal. .
HOTEL LYNDON,
Los Gatos. First-class hotel; large grounds.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amusements.
Opposite depot. Mai pas & Cosgrove.
the plot Holland followed him around, he
says, to "do him up."
After the killing Holt's friends advised
him to leave the Territory for fear that
Holland's friends might kill him through
revenge. On the day of his arrest at Elk
Grove he was just about to take the train
for Indian Territory to deliver himself up
for trial. His -wife and two children are
living near. Acampo in this State. . ¦'•
¦ J. ¦ ? ¦ . . : «'.. :
; ¦T<>Morrow Only. ,i : .
¦ Colonial ties," just think", genuine .patent
leather French' heels and gilt buckles, the,
very latest style, a limited number of
pairs, made to sell for *3; . our price to-
morrow, . Wednesday.^ will be $1 f the • pair,
all sizes,; all widths: Busy Bee Shoe Co.,
1209, Market street, above Sixth. - • ;
AMONG THE PINES.— ALTITUDE 2014 FT.
Most healthful climate. Plenty of cream.
fruit, etc. Home cooking. , Telephone. Rat««
$« and $7 per week. For particulars address
Robt. F. Warham. Applegate. Placer Co.. Cal.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort Is ' located In the SantA
Cruz Mountains, 6 miles from Capitola. GooU
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa. Crua Mis.
Among the grand old trees; tooard J8 ami
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 50. M. S.
COX, Laurel. Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery at.
PLANTATION HOUSE, IS miles from Caia-
dero.^-Grand redwood and mountain scenery:
good trout fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and
milk Dally mail, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare. R. R. and stage. $3 30. For particulars
apply J- Luttrlnger. Sea View, Sonoma Co., Cal.
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL — The original
Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room In county; new myrtle cottage; hunting,
boating, bathing, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet, tennis, bowling; free teams daily to
our mineral springs. 15 kinds. E. DURNAN.
Laurel Dell, Lake Co., Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable In Lake
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia an>i
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-triD tickets. S. P. oifice.
$8. J. A. HAYS, Prop.
RICHARDSON'S SPRINGS — Ten miles from
Chico, Cal. Noted for l^eing a sure cure
for rheumatism, malaria. » ;;psia. blood and
kidney diseases, nervevr fi ¦¦¦!ls. etc. i A dead
enemy of poison oak and skin diseases. Hot.-l
and baths open entire year. J. V. RICHARD-
SON, Prop.. Chico, Cal.
A/ICHY SPBINOS— 3 miles from Vk.ia.ii.
? Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters.
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow o£
natural warm water direct from springs tu
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first class.
J» A. REDEMEYER A CO., Props.
HOTEL LA HONDA.
SITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
trout fishing. Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. I. J. SEARS. La Honda,
San Mateo County. Cal. • j
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prieta. high«>*t point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing. hunt-
Ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday. Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. » a. m. daily. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas, Cal.. Prop.
\
WISDOM CONSISTS in doing the right
thing at the right time.
WE ARE ALL WISE— afterward—
when it is too late.
THE TIME to take care of your health
is when you have it.
NEVEH ALLOW yourself to get into a
rut or groove, either physically or men-
tally. ¦ -
BREAK the monotony that makes so
many men and women old long before
their time.
TAKE an occasional trip.
THE COUNTRY along the Calif ornta
Northwestern Railway is not the only
place to visit, but It certainly is the
best.
ITS LOCATION, between the coast and
the interior affords that salubrious cli-
mate which invites living in th© open
air, and fills up the system with re-
newed energy.
CALL or write for
"VACATION, 1902."
A little book Issued by the California
Northwestern Railwav Company.
(The Picturesque Route of California)
giving Camping Locations, Hotels, Min-
eral Spring Resorts, and a long list of
Country Homes where board for the
Summer can be secured at from $6.00 to
18.00 per week.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., (Chronicle
Building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
. Building, Sansome and California Sts.,
San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X.-RYAN. Gen'l Pass. Agt.
. -
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
SEND FOR BOOK OF TESTIMONIALS.
Elevation, 3300 feet.
Rates, $10. $12 and $14 per week. .
Tickets at S. P. office, foot of Market street.
direct to the Springs.
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
L. LEBENBAUM & CO.. 222 Sutter street.
S. F. Agents for Adams Springs water.
A Positive Cure for Stomach. Liver and Kid-
ney Triubles. Net what I say, but what ».»)•
people say.
RECOMMENDED BY THE LEADING PHY-
SICIANS OF CALIFORNIA.
Springs
HIGHLAND SPRIIS
ALWAYS OPEN.
• The. famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. " Finest waters few the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY. MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and • STOMACH TKOUiM.ES. Every comfort
and "amusement. . FP.EK SWIMAIIN'J TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowline Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
In Mountains or. Valley. t '.' ' .' .
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person In room, "small hotel".$10 per week
Two perrons In room, "small hotei".¥18 per week
Ono Demon In room, "cotvagea"...jll per week
Two persons in room, "cottages" . .$20 per week
One person In room, "MAIN HOTEL"
; ¦: . .$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL" ...
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducement!* for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
'For illustrated pamphlets,— photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montsomery St., or write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER, Highland Springs. Lake
Co., Cal.
AN1TAI>AI.E FARM. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postotflce. Cat.
rvrHK OAKS, a favorite summer resort ot*
1 Bonclfonte drive. B miles from Santa Cruz;
daily .mail, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Cru».
THE LIERLY RANCH— Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. Wild game abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting in the State,.
$7 to $3 per week. Jerry Llerly. Potter Valley.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cal.
One of the best equipped on tne coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mai-
sage. X-ray. Write for literature.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages : 73 nns.:
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long dUt. nhone. Fred Barson. Prop-
BELLEVUE HOTEL— El Verano. Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms. $1.00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouallhardou. Prop.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. Guernevllli.
Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guernevtlle. CaJ.
Springs, via Lakeport. carrying passengers
for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs. Stages
connect with trains at Hopland. Leave Hop-
land at 12:30; arrive at Lakeport at $:$O; ar-
rive at Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse
14-passenger tourist wagons, made to order for
this stage line, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. . --....,
MILLER A HOWARD. Proprietors.
A HONDA and PESCADERO— Through th»
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's, Wurfi.
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Crua. Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train. M
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Jo*i
Add, WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett
STAGE LINES AND LIVERIES.
BERGHEIM— Two miles from Los Gatos.
Ideal place, home cooking, - $8 per week.
P. DISQUE, Lo3 Gatoa. Cal.
KrNG'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet: among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms, $10 a week; lamuy
rates. Address WM. KINO. Cazadero.
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depo:.
First-class rig?. Reasonable prices.
GILROY Fashion Livery; good service: reas.
rates. Of c. GUroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
FASHION STABLES. TJKIAH AND WIL-
lits — Tourists, campers, hunters, write J.
H. Smith, Ukiah. Smith & Taylor. Wlllits, for
any kind of a turnout.
UM BERT STAGES — Short ronta to the
Geysers; 3 hours' staging. FIrst-clasa livery
stable in connection.. C. E. Humbert. Cloverdale.
PESCADERC* — San Mateo and Pescaderi>
stase line, via Half moon Bay and San
Gregorio, dally all year; twice a day to Halt-
moon Bay. Lv9. San Mateo 10 a. m. St *:\i p. m.
SANTA CRUZ — San Lorenzo Stables. Styl-
ish rtga. Reasonable prices.
Friday, May 9. will be Eagles' day at the
BakeTsfleld Street Fair and Carnival. Ticket?
will be sold at Santa Fe office. 6-1 1 Market St.,
at one fare for the • round trip . for. all trains
May 7, good to return until May 11. This Is a
good chance to visit the San Joaquin Valley
and the Kern County OU Fields.
Eagles' Day at the Baksrsfield Fair.
PASO ROBLES H
T-«/%ir\ v Nature's own »elec-
r^lfllC \ tion for a health and
A Vl\ pleasure resort be-
___. - . _ m -r— cause of the curative
rf R A T TH properties of Its mud
f.*JLi.ff"i JLj A 11 and sulphur baths for
". . rheumatism, lnsom-
A Nil nia - * out - neuralgia.
liver.kldney and blood
diseases. Has every
¥\T X3 1 CT TTYEi natural advantage for
OTTO L NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F^ Agt.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appolntel hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor, Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates Inquire of Peek's . Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery st., or write R. C. Cal-
houn, Proprietpr.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
• - . . ¦ / ¦ ¦ .
Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and . plunge. No staging. Every
cemfort send convenience. Tiburon 1 ferry, 7:30
a. m.",.- 3:30 p. m. Information of DR. HEN-
SLCK. 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371. Tour-
l&t Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton, CaL ,
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare |2. .Hottest
strongest water on the coast; temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum
Ekln diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging !
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGKaAt)
Proprietor.
HOTEL BON- AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MXNLOVE & WIFE (formerly Mr«.
:¦..••.' v Leach), Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
, ' One mile from famous "Bohemian Qrove" ;
new management; all refitted. - Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CaRR. Manager, Russian River station,
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPftlNCS.
TWO MILKS FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board. Including baths. S3
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena, Cal. / ¦
THE GEYSERS.
(Sonoma County.) New management: rcoma
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
t-ew, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing >ear
round; white help only; best llver.v; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now open tor
business. Rates, $S to $15 per week.
" BROOKS1DE."
¦ Most beautiful resort house in Xapa Valley;
2 miles from Callstoga; free carriage; hot and
cold baths; gas.; S. F. references. Send for
pamphlet. G. W. CUTLER. Callstoga.
FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA. •¦•¦¦¦¦ ¦¦.;;¦ . , •-
Santa Cruz Mountains.' ' Good trout fishing-.'
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOIIME, Prop.
fAMPTAYIOP HOTEL, camp cottages
WAlUr lAILUn an d grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
TO ENCAMP AT HANFOBD
Annual Memorial Services of Geo.
H. Thomas Post— General Shafter
Will Deliver the Address. '
The thlrty-flf th annual encampment of
.the Grand Army of the Republic, De^
partment of California and Nevada, will
be held- at .Ilanford on Thursday, Friday
1 and Saturday of this week. The attend-
ance of delegates from' San Francisco,'
Oakand and San ' Jose promises to be
large. The round-trip fare from San
Francisco is $9 70. The citizens of Han*
ford are making extensive .preparations
to /welcome and . entertain the veterans.
Annual memorial services of George H.
Thomas Post, G. A. R.. will be held this
evening at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter
street. The address will be delivered by
General William R. Shafter.
The annual meeting of the Loyal Le-
!»lon Commandery of i«e State of Cali-
fornia will be held at the Occidental Ho-
tel Wednesday evening May 14. The elec-
tion of officers for the ensuing year will
take place that evening.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
f .
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlasen hag arrived and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All subscribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy- of
this great book at the prem-
ium rate, 'of $1 5p.. .Out 'of
tovrn ¦ subscribers I desiring n
copy -of this splendid* prem-
ium vi' HI be. supplied on re-
ceipt of $1 CO. All mnll
orders will be shipped by ex-
.press at subscriber's, expense.
fiyronftotSpnngs,
*"*\ CONTRA -COSTA COUNTY,
CAL.— New hotel open May 1,
has all : the modern . improve-
ments and appliances. . The most per-
fect appointments... Fine suites with min-
eral -bath attached. These wonderful
waters and hot mineral and mud baths cure
Rheumatism and Malaria without fail.
Address MANAGER LEWIS. Byron Hot
Springs. Cal. Call on Lombard & Co.,
room 30. 36 Geary st.. city.
CAMP CURRY!
Gives special rates to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as Is shown by Its 1400 guests
the past .three seasons, more than one-half at
which were In 1901; 1000 guests are expected,
in 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st. ; open May V
YOSEMITE.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through ' the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 p. m;
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market St., opposite Palace
Hotel. B. F.; tel. Black 3571.
THAT PEACEFUL REST-
After walking the streets of San Francisco,
can be had with every known amusement.
At £TNA SPRINGS, Napa County.
A modest pictorial booklet with rates
mailed to you for th& asking. • ¦•
EDWARD. L. SANFORD, Manager.
THE TALLAC,
LAKE TAHOE OPENS MAY 15th.
With many additional attractions, among
them the SPLENDID NEW ' AMUSEMENT
PAVILION. RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
. Address M. LAWRENCE &CO.
_ Tallac, Cal.
J<ote — Positively no consumptives : taken.
Wnndwnrfli'c Howali yoohtalh,
WOOaWOnnS, NapaCouity
¦. ¦ . Terms $1.00- per day.
Circulars free. Address
"WOODWORTH & MULLER, St. Helena, Cal.
HOffIN STRINGS.
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Spring. Lake Co., Cal. Hotel
Plearant View is again, run by the -owner,
MRS. HOPPIN. -¦ . • \,
HO; FOR BLUE LAKES!
Hunting, boating, I bathing, fishing; i new
launch and boats, new hotel and cottages, new
tennis court. Send for pamphlet and terms.
O. WEISMAN. Mldlake. Lake County. Cal.
¦ ¦'" . ¦ . ' ¦ • ¦ ' '•'¦¦ ''. ¦
JOHANNI3BERO.
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
¦ large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
-fishing, ewimming . and boa t in k ; • terms, reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR., prop.. Oakville. Napa County, or The
Travelers' Bureau,' 20 Montgomery, st.
WANTED .FOB MTJBDEB, . -
' : j IN INDIAN TEBRITOBY
Arrest of Earl Holt, County Clerk, for
¦tviiiingf James xLoiiana, &
1 Earl Holt was brought from Elk Grove,
Sacramento County,: yesterday ' to the of-
fice of the' United States Marshal by Dep-
uty United States Marshal Gamble and
Sheriff 'Sibley of San Joaquin. County.
Holt was County/Clerk in Indian Terri-
tory several months ago and | shot and
killed a gun-flghter named James Holland.
Holf alleges that Holland wanted him
Vtoputupa, job", on another, official, and
upon Holt: refusing to become a party to
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURB FOR STOMACH, LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Recom-
mended by leading physicians. Thousands
cured. Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R. ; stage from
Ukiah. Call or address
* WITTER P.O., Lake Co., Cal.
Main office .and ¦ water depot, 010 Market
street, room 64,clty.7
j? 'R. JiicCORMICK, Manager.
WITTER
GILROY
For rest, health and pleasure, scenery, climate
and waters. For Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver
and Stomach Troubles stands 1 unsurpassed.
Trained masseurs:- Good hunting and fishing;
amusements of all kinds. Trains leave Third
and Townsend streets 9 a.'m. and 2:45 p. m.
dally. For'pamphlets and rates address
R. ROBERTSON, Proprietor,
,. GUroy Hot Springs, Cal.
HOT SPRINGS
Advantages, attractions f-nd amuse-
ments Impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catallna Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-flve
members, ten soloists ; most phenomenal
fishiner and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camt> Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotftls and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. I>ancinp\ etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11. Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal.^~
3}i "¦ Hours from Los Angeles.
SANMCATALINA ISLAND,
DOLLM ANN & JACOBS, Props.
f SODA SPRINGS : tal v. §
Are you a weakling? Are you one of those unfortu- |j
nate young men who, through ignorance and bad com- |j
pany, have contracted nervous, spells-, weak back, vari-\ |
cocele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and ambi- J|
tion, loss' of confidence, bashfulness, despondency and H
: weakness? Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will_ cure- you. M
Are you a middle-aged man suffering from varicocele, prema- [I
tureness, indigestion, constipation, rheumatism, lame back, etc.? M
Dr. McLaughlin's ¦ Electric : Belt will cure. you. ||
Are you an old man declining before -your- time, having-losUall 9
ability to enjoy life, with prostatic trouble, lost strength, debility, P
pains and aches, and general decay of organic powers? I can'B
cure you with Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt with free suspen- W
sory for weak men. . • H
I will send you, sealed, free, my beautiful book telling about it 9
if you will send this ad. .Send for it to-day. - • gj
DR M 0 McliUGHMN 9 06 M arke;;st., W;^iui I
Ull. Mi Ui WbLHUUnLlll, San Francisco. |
j Office Hours— S. a... m.^ to 8:30 p. .m... Sundays. 10 to. 1. . ... . 9Action of the Local Federal Officials in: Remanding the
Mongols Is Sustained in; an Opinion Rendered by Chief
-Justice Fuller, and the Detained ;MemWillBe: Deported
SUPREME COURT DECIDES
CHINESE TRANSIT CASES
The names of -the two . Chinamen .who
figured in the cases decided to-day are
Fook Yung Yo and Lee Gon Yung: Both
were on their way to Mexico, and claimed
the right under the treaty of 1894 to tran
sit, one desiring to go by rail and the oth
er merely to transship.
They were denied this right under the
provision of the treaty giving the Treas
ury Department authority to make regu
lations for control in such matters. The
Federal authorities discovered evidences
In both cases, as in those of their de
tained countrymen, that the passengers
did not intend to remain In Mexico. The
WASHINGTON, May 5.— The
Chief Justice of the j United
States Supreme Court' to-day
rendered opinions in two test
cases affecting the transit of
Chinamen through' the United States to
other countries, sustaining the govern
mental authorities in having them de
tained at San Francisco. There are said
to be forty -or fifty Chinamen who have
been thus detained in San* Francisco for
the past four or five months and who
have been very restless under the re
straint. The result of the decision will be
the deportation to China of the Chinese
detained.
PRESIDING MEMBER OF SU
PREME. COURT WHO DELIV
ERED DECISION.
The Chamber ot Commerce Is In re
ceipt of an ; Invitation from the directors
of the International Commercial and In
dustrial Congress to send a representative
to the annual meeting of that body, which
will be held at Ostend on August 26. It is
not deemed probable by the officials of
tho chamber that any representative will
be sent. . •
May Not Send Representative.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang regards the
capture as very important- in view of the
fact that many parties are made up in
San Francisco and other cities to hunt in
Lake County in violation of^the game
laws. He considers that- the knowledge
that the Commissioners will prosecute of
fenders will have a salutary effect on
other forgetful hunters.
After some protestation they consented
to accompany the officers to Kelseyville,
about forty-five miles distant. By ar
rangement with the deputies four of the
men entered a plea of guilty' and were
fined $25 each by Justice of the Peace
Gunn.'. The other two were allowed to. go
free with a warning.
Deputy Fish Commissioners A. F. Lea
and L. N; Kercheval made an important
capture of same law violators in Big
Squaw Valley, Lake County, on Thursday
of last week. The offenders, six in num
ber, had set up a camp in the locality
where they were apprehended," and are
said -to have been making a practice of
shooting ' deer whenever opportunity of
fered. '
The party was composed of Raymond
Hill, a stage driver; F. B. Marble and
Benjamin Milton, two prominent cattle
men of Uklah; O. Cleveland, ex-City Mar
shal of Uklah; Frank Hittell, a lawyer of
this city, and ¦ Carl Hittell, his brother,
who is an artist. Their o\itflt consisted
of twelve hounds, nine horses, three wag
ons and other necessary paraphernalia.
Camp of Deer-Hunters Is Broken Up
in Big Squaw Valley, Lake
. County.
FISH COMMISSIONERS
• CAPTXmE LAWBBEAKEES
The preliminary examination of Joseph
King, the "convict preacher"; Harry
Hamilton, Thomas Barker and Annie Bar
ker on the charge of burglary for break-
Ing into the rooms of Mrs. Anna Murray,
208 Powell street, on the night of April
23 or the morning of April 24 was continued
before Judge Mogan yesterday. Kittle
Nihlll, when called for cross-examination,
said she had to make another statement.
She said she saw . King and Hamilton
leave the house at 835 Howard street about
10 o'clock on the night of April 23 and re
turn between 11 and 11:30 with the stolen
property. She was then cross-examined
at considerable length by Attorney Archie
Campbell and King.
The charge against the three male de
fendants and Kittle Nihill for entering
the rooms of the "Women's Christian
Union at 132 McAllister street was then
taken up. Miss Elizabeth E. Shepherd
Identified a trunk and Its contents as her
property. It had been stolen from 132
McAllister street on April 21. She remem
bered a man who resembled King calling
that afternoon and being shown into the
rooms of the union. It was later that
she missed the trunk. The case will be
resumed to-morrow morning.
Hearing in Judge Mogan's
. Court.
Evidence Taken at the Preliminary
TESTIMONY AGAINST '
CONVICT PREACHER
Annie M. . Martin is being sued for di
vorce on the ground of desertion by John
A. Martin, who alleges that his wife left
him in April, 1898. They were married in
July, 1894.
Elizabeth R. Knowlton Is suing Joseph
Knowlton for divorce for desertion and
failure to provide. They were married at
Gilroy in June, 1870. Mrs. Knowlton al
leges that her husband is worth $5000.
Maggie Alden brought a suit for divorce
against Charles Alden, a blacksmith, yes
terday, alleging . failure to provide. The
Aldens were married in 1886 in San
Joaquin County.
To Seellger's diplomacy is due the peace
ful ending of what promised to be a sen
sational suit. He agreed to give his wife
the alimony she demanded, but refused to,
give his consent to her taking the house
hold furniture, giving as his reason that
he expected his wife would return to lum
within a year. He offered her the value
of the furniture in order that their house
might not be disturbed. Her husband's
kindness caused Mrs. Seeliger to feel that
she was doing him an Injustice in, charg
ing him with cruelty, and she consented
to meet him. They met and a dismissal
of the divorce suit followed.
The suit for divorce instituted against
Ludwig Seeliger, the prominent butcher
at 3318 Mission street, . by Annie Seeliger
will not come, up for trial. The couple
have patched up their differences and will
resume the happy relations which existed
before Mrs. Seeliger sought the aid of the
divorce courts. She charged her husband
with treating her cruelly and asked the
court to awarfl her $75 alimony.
His Refusal to Break Up
House Wins Back
His Wife.
Kindness of Husband
Causes Dismissal of
Divorce Suit.
SEELIGERS KISS
AND MAKE UP
; The case of Charles Cavanaugh: has been
selected as the first of the 114 poker, play
ers arrested in; the Cafe Royal . on April
12 by Captain ?Spillanei and posse to be
tried by a jury and- It, was called yester
day , in ' Judge Fritz's > court. •'-. Only > seven
Jurors were secured when an adjournment
-was taken; till to-morrow '
Poker-Player on'; Trial.
And air .photographic? supplies,, films,
plates, papers, printing and developing.
If Interested, come and see the new lines.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741. Market st. ' • ;.
V Century"' Cameras
The case of .James ."'Van Crumblie,
charged with" robbery, committed upon
Thomas McCord in his house in the -rear
of 314 Third street on April -23, was dis-.
missed; by Judge Conlan yesterday. , The
only evidence against the defendant
that of McCord, who said he recognized
the defendant as his assailant. The de
fendant's wife and mother both. testified
that he had been confined to his bed all
that day through sickness, thus establish
an alibi. : ; •*), . ¦ ; 'j :
Robbery Charge Dismissed.
The disappearance of Thomas W.
Fisher, wholesale liquor merchant, was
reported to the police yesterday. He left
his home, 2906 Bush street, nine days ago
and has not been seen or heard of since.
He is a member of the firm of Fisher &
King. 12 Mission street, and a prominenf
member of the Odd Fellows. No reason
can be assigned for his disappearance.
Fisher Has Disappeared.
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars. In which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public JAT W. ADAMSs,
P. C P. A.. 37 Crocker building. San Fraa
citco. Cal.
An order was issued in Department 9
of the Superior- Court yesterday, directing
Jake Rauer, the collector, to bring the
books in which his business transactions
are entered to the court in order that an
Investigation into his method of handling
the estat* of the late Catherine Hess may
be made. Mrs. Hess' children claim that
he has converted the rece.-pts of the es
tate to his own use. Rauer claims that he
purchased the property from Mrs. Hess.
Rauer Must Show Books.
<Jeorge Aristide pleaded guilty before
Judge Lawlor yesterday to a charge of
burglary in the second degree and will be
sentenced May 10. He. stole a case of
champagne from the warehouse of W. B.
Sanborn, 103 Vallejo street, on March 3.
Cornelius O'Brien, /who was charged
with- an assault to ¦ commit murder,
pleaded guilty before Judge Dunne yester
day to a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon and was . ordered to appear for
sentence May 10. -During a dispute with
Edward A. Alvarado on Bush street on
February • 4 •' he stabbed Alvarado in the
abdomen with a knife.
. Harry J. Smith was tried before a jury
in Judge Cook's court yesterday ' on a
charge of robbery and convicted. On the
night of March 7 Smith and John J. Mc-
Cann held. up G. Mercadier at California
and Dunont- streets and robbed him of a
gold watch and $20. McCann has yet to be
tried. : . •
William White, who pleaded guilty, be
fore Judge Cook Saturday to a charge of
burglary, appeared for sentence yester
day. The Judge, in sentencing him to fif
teen years in San Quentin, remarked that
if two j prior convictions- against him' had
not been" withdrawn the sentence .would
have been life Imprisonment.
Two Defendants Plead Guilty and
Another Is Convicted of;
Robbery.
A special train tinder the direction of a Join$
committee of the commercial bodies of San
Francisco,, carrying business men only, will
leave Market-st. Ferry at 9:30 p. m.. May 8,
via the Santa Fe. Hate of one fare for the
round trip has been made and parties desiring
to Join this party should make arrangements
at one*. The train will go via the Santa Fe and
return Via the E. P.. thus touching all Impor
tant points in the San Joaquin Valley. Itiner
ary and other information at Santa Fe Ticket
Office. 641 Market st-
Business Men's Excursion.
SENTENCED TO FIFTEEN (
YEABS FOR BURGLARY
"Congressional action has placed the
final determination of the right of admis
sion of Chinese in executive officers, with
out judicial intervention, andv this has
been for many years the* recognized and
declared policy of the country. The reg
ulations to prevent the abuse of the priv
ilege of transit have been and are Intend
ed to effectuate the same policy, and re
course to the courts by habeas • corpus to
determine the existence of such abuses.
The record did not present a case of reg
ulation or of action in contravention with
the constitution, and we think that upon
the admission of fact the. orders of the
Collector cannot be held to have been in
valid." . - > •
Justices Brewer and Peckham dissented.
prisoners sought release by habeas corpus
proceedings, their petitions being denied
by the District Court for the Northern
District of California. In his opinion the
Chief Justice said: .
The police are investigating the matter
and are of the opinion that there is a well
organized gang established in this city,
that is doing an extortion business on
this basis with the Chinese.
It appeart that a brother of Sue Sing
recently arrived from China and had been
held in the detention sheds awaiting in
vestigation.
Late on Saturday night a note supposed
to be from his brother and with his pur
ported signature was brought to Sue
Sing, saying that if he would deliver to
bearer $400 his brother woulS be given a
clean bill of health on Sunday.
Sue Sing paid the money, but he is still
waiting for the brother.
Sue Sing, a cigar merchant at 1113 and
1115 Dupont street, was mulcted of $400 on
Saturday night last, by a gang of men
impersonating revenue collectors.
timized Out of Several Hun
dred Dollars. **¦.'
Sue Sing, a Cigar Merchant, Is Vic-
SWINDLED CHINAMAN
DEPLORES * HIS LOSS
ELLIS BAKES A VICTIM
OF KNOCKOUT DROPS
That He Was Not Sand-
Police Have Come to the Conclusion
bagged.
Ellis Baker, the watchman of a chicken
car at Six"th and Townsend streets, who
was supposed to have been sandbagged
and robbed in the car early Sunday morn
ing, regained consciousness yesterday
morning at the Emergency Hospital. He
made a statement that he had been drink
ing with three strange men in a saloon
in the neighborhood and remembered re
turning to the car and entering it, but
that was all he could remember. He had
been robbed of about $20. He had him
self placed the dead chickens in the sacks
to throw them away, as they were use
less for food.
As there were no bruises .or cuts on any
portion of Bauer's body the police have
arrived at the conclusion that he was
given "knockout drops" in the saloon
and robbed after he had become uncon
scious in the car. Every effort will be
made to discover the men who adminis
tered the "knockout drops," but with
small chance of success, as Baker says
he cannot recall the faces of the three
men. He was removed from the hospital
to the New Western Hotel yesterday aft
ernoon.
Object to Use of Stock.
The Troy Steam Laundry Company is
suing for an injunction restraining Pum
yea Williamson, Howard Welch and W.
A. Asmussen from disposing of 1000 shares
of stock in the corporation and from
voting- the stock at the 'next meeting of
the - directors of the corporation. It is
charged that they obtained the stock in
order to secure the control of the board
of directors.
Jansen' s Cattle Seized.
United States Marshal John H. Shine
has levied an execution on a drove of cat
tle on the- ranch of John Jansen. near
Scotts Bar, Siskiyou County, to collect a
judgment for $2500 obtained by the United
States in a suit against Jansen for cut
ting Government timber.
The selections hold good for the entire
round trip. An invitation signed by W.
B. Dennett, secretary of the Fresno
Chamber of Commerce, was received yes
terday, in which the business men of San
Francisco were asked to be the guests of
the Fresno Chamber of Commerce. Mr.
Jennings accepted for the committee. The
party will be three hours in Fresno.
Among those to make the trip will be the
leading men in all the commercial organi
zations of San Francisco. The compli
ment accorded to the interior, is in the
same line as the action of the Promotion
Committee, which is working to promote
the prosperity of the counties north of
Tehachapl.
One hundred leading business houses of
San Francisco will be represented by the
party of business men who will start next
Thursday evening on a special train for a
tour of the San Joaquin Valley, making
Bakersfield the initial point of inspection.
This fact was given out by Rufus P. Jen
nings yesterday. The special train will
consist of five Pullmans. When the en
gineer throws open the throttle of the big
locomotive a pilgrimage of a sort that
is new to Sail Francisco will begin. No
one along the route will be in doubt what
the special train signifies. Banners with
letters large enough for reading at a dis
tance, as the train is whirled down the
valley and up again will make this an
nouncement: "San Francisco Business
Men's Excursion to Bakerstield and the
San Joaquin Valley." ¦ .• - .
Notification was sent out yesterday by
an energetic committee, to whom, the suc
cess in organizing the party is due, that
the selection of sleeping accommodations
at the office of the Santa Fe will bv»gin
this morning and the holders of tickets
for the trip are asked by the committee to
take heed of that fact.
C. M. Patterson vs. R. M. Wade — District of
Oregon. — Judgment affirmed because the plain
tiff did not in his reply specifically controvert
the facts alleged in the answer, showing that
his cause of action is barred by the statute of
limitations.
Andrew Davis vs. The Trade Dollar Consoli
dated Mining Company — Idaho. — Judgment af
firmed.
West Coast Safety Faucet Company vs. Jack
son Brewing Company — San Francisco. — Decree
of Circuit Court affirmed.
C. F. Gaffner, claimant of the steamer Mary
E. Perley. vs. H. C. Pigott et aL — District
of Washington. — Judgment affirmed.
Albert Lilienthal and Philip M. Lilienthal
vs. Charles McCormlck et al. and Charles Mc-
Cormick et al. vs. Albert Lilienthal and Philip
11. Lilienthal — Oregon. — Decree affirmed, with
costs.
J. G. English and J. E. English vs. The
United States — Oregon. — Judgment affirmed.
American Sales Book Company and Warren
F. Beck vs. Josephus Bullivant Jr. — District of
Oregon. — Judgment affirmed.
E. Engelstad vs. J. A. Dufresne — Alaska. —
Judgment affirmed.
The Pacific Northwest Packing Company vs.
Henry F. Allen. John H. Allen, John H. Mc-
Graw and Pacific Northwest Packing Company
— Northern Division of Washington. — Decree of
Circuit Court affirmed, with costs.
Quong Sue vs. The United States of America
— Northern Division of Washington. — Judgment
affirmed.
"Whatever effect her error of omission In
falling a few years of her Infancy to obtain a
certificate of registration, if any she was en
titled to. It certainly did not deprive her of the
right to marry an American citlren lawfully
domiciled in this country. This she did. By
this act her status was changed from that of a
Chinese laborer to that of the wife of a native
born American. The native born, by virtue of
his birth becomes a citizen of the United States
and is entitled to greater rights and privileges
than the alien merchant."
Northern Pacific Railway vs. Lewis G.
Perry. — Judgment of Circuit Court affirmed.
Tteoi Sim vs. The United States — District
Court for the Northern District of California. —
Judgment of the District Court is reversed and
cause remanded with instructions to enter an
order for appellant's discharge. The agreed
statement of facts shows that Tsol Sim was
born in China, came to the United States at
the age of three years and that she was mar
ried to Tee Yuk Lum, a citizen of the United
States and a laborer. She neglected to procure
a certificate of registration. The court says:
Ferris Irrigation District vs. Robert H.
Thompson. — Judgment of the Circuit Court af
flrxned.
S. Ban vs. The Southern Railway Company
(a private corporation). A. E. Hammond,
Archie Mason and New York Security and
Trust Company (a private corporation) — Cir
cuit Court lor Oregon. — Judgment reversed and
cause remanded, with costs. Suit to foreclose
a mechanics' lien upon an extension of a line
of railroad from Moro. Sherman County, Or.,
to Shaniko, Wasco County, Or. The record
shows that a demurrer to the original bill of
complaint filed by Ban was sustained by the
court upon the ground that the statute of
Oregon, which it was claimed authorized a lien
for work and labor done, was repealed by im
plication by a subsequent statute, approved
February 25. 1SS9.
Walter N. Dimmick vs. The United States of
America — District Court at San Francisco-
Judgment affirmed.
The United States vs. Lee Kee and Lee
Chung — District Court of Washington. — Judg
ment reversed. The District Judge had modi
fied the Commissioner's order of deportation to
China and directed that they be returned to
British Columbia, whence the'y came.
Guy H. Stockslaser vs. The United States of
America— District of Alaska.— The plaintiff in
error vu convicted of forgery and sentence J
t»> three years' Imprisonment In the penltea
tlaxy at McNeills Island. Judgment of the
District Court affirmed.
Sixteen typewritten decisions, many of
them of great length, were handed down
by the court. The following is a sum
mary :
Judges Gilbert, Ross, Morrow and Haw
ley sat on the bench of the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday morn
ing and listened to the argument in the
case of Handley vs. Beatty, an Idaho
mining suit to mandamus United States
District Judge Beatty in the case of
Handley vs. Sullivan and others. The
motion was submitted.
Five Special Pullmans Are
Required to Carry the
Counsel for Dimmick Is
Turned Down Again by
High Court
City Commercial Bodies
Prepare to Visit San
Joaquin.
Sixteen Decisions Are
Handed Down in Pa
c fie Coast Cases.
BUSINESS MEN
NEED BIG TRAIN
APPEAL JUDGES
WRITE OPINIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, T U JESD A Y, MAY 6,1902.
5
RAILWAY TBAVEL. •
CAtlFOfiNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
3LjB3SSH1E!S
SAN FRANCISCO AM NOBTJ PM1F18
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trlpa at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAU1. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05, 7:35. 7:50, 9:20, 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 P. m.
12:50, 3:40, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I . " In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco) May 4, 1902. [San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
~~ j I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
7:30 a 8:00 a Novato 10:40 aj 8:40 a
8:30 p 0:30 a . Petaluma 6:05p|10:20a
6:10 p 5:00 p ' Santa Rosa 7:35 p| 6:20 p
~ ' ; - Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:25 a
5:00 p Healdsbur? 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p- 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 » 110:25 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WiUlts | 7:35p|10:20a
7:30 al 8:00 al Guernevllle 1 7:35 pllO:25"a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40 a[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma ; I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| i 6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 allO:25 a
3:30 pi 5:00 pi | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
Stages, connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs;. at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Booneville; ac
Hopland for. Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Laks-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Spring!. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell'g. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvlile. Orr's
Hot . Springs, Half- Way House', Comptche,
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg Westport, Usal; at Willlts for Sher-
wood Cahto, Covelo, Laytonville, Cummlngs.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Pepper-
wood, Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
U H. n C: WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe |T
Trains-Daiiy
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
Local Lxm'd Ovrl'd Local
¦ Dally Dally Daily. Dally:
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a &-00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p l:SOa 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
".Hanford. r.:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
•Wlealla.. 3:39p 5:00a ......
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20p 7:45a
" Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30a.
. "Chicago.. ... 2:15 p 9:00 p
i a for morning, p for afternoon.
". 9:00 n. m. train Is* the California Lira-"
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. J Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation ot
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.-m.-dally.
¦ h 4:20 p.m. is Stockton,' Merced and Fresno
• local. 'Corresponding, train arrives at 12:33
p . m. dally. . ¦ :
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
' "through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
- Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m.
dally. • - ¦
! ¦ 7.;20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopplne
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; - 1112 Broadway.
_ Oakland. ¦ -._!__ ;'. ..''_ .. ' '
flOUNT TAMALPA15 RAILWAY
-Leave Via Sausalito Ferry"! Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- £&iV£25&S££~ Sun- Week
Dayi days- ... mn .£„.,. days. Days.
9:30a. 8:00 a. v &" ntmiatim, mto 12:15 p. 9J5a.
1:«p. 9:00 A. L-.'.«i*«i.ih.*,-ti J^'- gS*
::::::::: Im p: -wrdi of timlpiuj- 5:55 1: :::::::
„ 2:30 p. - Qp«»»"n»y«wi— »d. 8J5p „:.
SATURDAYS OiLI— l«»» t.tt™ >.an r . wrir. g. a Tn***» n*».
.' Ticket OOom. CS1 3I.VRXXT STREET ud SAUSALITO FEtlRT.-
' -V .¦ J **t5ZV**J r *i-L * E5 S <3 Is a nen-po!saaona
_ ll_lLiB3l — > JJliUl J .' ' " ' ' '. for tJonorrhooa
S^V 1 ' Spermatorrhoea,
CURES Whitei, nnnivtnrKl dial
/x~&mf ialto 5 day*. 19 charges, or any infiimmi-
Bguy Oa»i»atMd 10 * tion, irritation or nlcera-
|L-4 Pr«T«ot eoa-jjioq. t jon of mucous aian-
|»WtheEvas3 Ch£«!CAlC0. brancs -
U. 3. A. jtigjA by exrrcns, prepaid, for
A^F^hn JXffii * 1 - 00 « or 3 bottles, |2.73.
-^•^SqE^BP^^ a Circular cent oa request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD 'USE ; DAMIANA 3ITTEKS. THE"
•Great Mexican Remedy: gives- health and
. strength to sexual organs., Depot, 323 Market.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
s»AN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line, Toot of Market Street )
Mats — Fbom Apbil 20. 1802. — iKCT
7.00a Benlcla, Salsnn, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento .^ ....... 6-55»
7.00a Vacjivlile, Winter*. Kumsey. 7.65*
7.30a Martinez, San Bamon, vallejo.
Haps. Calistoga, Santa Rosa. 8.25*
SCO* Davis, Woodland, Kntghta Landing,
Marysvllle, OroTllle 765*
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ocden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Nllea, Lathrop, Stockton 7.2SP
8.00* Nllea. Mendota. Hantord, Vlsalla,
Portervllle 4.65*
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Bed Bluff, Portland 7.55*
8. 30a San Jose, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Marysville, Cnlco, Red Bluff 4.25*
8.30a Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora.Tuolumne 4.25*
9.00a Vallelo_ 12.25*
8.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez, -
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
KaymondvFrcano and Los Angeles 8.25a
8.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.65* >
tiO.CCU Hayward, Xlles and Wny Stations. t12-55*
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5.25*
t1.00> Sacramento River Steamers tii.QO*
3-00? Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarrsTtlla, Orovllle 1055a
5-30* Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.S&F
4.00* Martin ez.S an Ramon.Vallejo.Napa,
Callatoga. Santa Rosa 9.25a
4-00* Nlles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4.30* Hsyward.NUes.SanJose.Ltvermore t8.55A
440* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tclare,
Bakersfleld, Sangus for Santa .
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
54)0* PortCosta.Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton 10.25a
BOOp Martinez. Antlocb, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25*
t5.30* SUes Local 7.25a
6.00* Hayward, NUes and San Jose 7.55a
t8.00* Vallejo 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago 4.25* '
74)0* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
J7-00* Vallejo 74»5*
(.05* Oregon & California Express — Sac* .
ramento, Marysville, Bedding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
tfl.10* Hayward and K lies...... ti 1.55a
COAST LINE 0 arrow « MS ej.
(Foot of Market Street.) .
J7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion X8.05*
8.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
* Cruz and Way Stations 650*
t2.15r Newark. Centervllle. San Jose.
' Kew Almaden, Felton. Coulder
. Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations ..„ 10.50a
4-15* Kewsrk, San Jose, Los Gatos t8.50A
M.15* San Jose. Los Gatos. Santa Cruz... c850a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN VBAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— t7:15 »:0O 11:00 a.m. 1.C0 300 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:U0 $8:S8
t8:05 1Q:(10a.k. 1200 2.00 4.00 p.m.
COAST LI N E (Broad Uau*ej.
I Thtnl anrt Townnend Streets.)
8.10a ban June and Way SUtions 8.40a .
t7 00a San Jose and Way Stations..... ... t8-00A
7.00a Xew Almaden.. /4.10*
17.15a Monterey Excursion 23.307
8.00a Coa*t Line Limited — San Jose,
' Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,
Ssnta Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Santa Cms,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, Ssn Luis
Obtspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations . 4.10*
10.30a San Joae and Way Stations -8.36a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
<t1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a7.QQ*
t2.45* San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
.- . Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
1 Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
- I'- Grove t10.45A
3 30p San Joto. Del Monte, Pacific Grove.
¦ - Santa Crcz and Way Stations.... 7-30*
t4.15.= San Jose nndPrlnclpalWay Stations 5.30*
>5.00r Ssn Jaw. Los Gatos and Principal
- , -Way Stations t9-00A
5.30P SanJo»eandPrlnclpalWayStatlons 6.30*
6.30r San Jose and Way SUtions 7.30*
' 7.00* Xew Orleans Express— San Luis
Onl.«po, liarl:ar». Los An-
(telrs. Dcminp, El Paso, New
.-' ; Orleens and East 1O-30A
a11.45* San Jn»eand Way Stations
A for Mornlnst. P for Afternoon.
. t innday excepted. . . t Sunday only.
- « Saturday only. e Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
' ii juJac onlr.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Saosftllto Ferry;
V _ Commencing April 27, 1WEJ.
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO MILX. VALX.ST
AND SAN KAFAEL."
WEEK DAYS— «:45, *1:43. 8:45. 9:30, 11:00
a. m.. 12:2«. *l:4£. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »«:U.
B:i5 9:45, 11:45. p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run 'to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. »9:00. »10:00. 11:00.
11:30 a m., 12:30. »l:30. 2:30, ISliS, 5:00. «:00.
«:30. tt:43. 11:45 D. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM 3AN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCOt
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. fi:2Q. 7:40. 8:13. *»:Jul
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. *3:30. 4:40, 5:30, 3:42,
10:15 D- m. '
SUNDAYS— «:00. •8:00, 9:30, «ll:00 a. m..
•ia:0O m.. 1:00. 2:15. •3:30. 4:15. *5:45. 6:43.
7:30, 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:40, 6:40 7:45. 8:25. 9:43.
11:10 a. m., 12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5; 10. 5:20. 7:10;
10:15 d. n>.
SUNDAYS— «:3O. 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 8:05. 7:15. 10:4^
V ~ m " THROUGH TRAINS. -
7:45 a. in. week days— Cazadero aad wa}
stations.
.3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero aad way
stations. •
0:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepteU)
— Tomalea and way stations.
8:CO a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. •
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains win ran oa
Sunday time.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
]B-ii-g»Jffl 6"J> KEABSY ST. Eatabllsbed
£«9|jS^ffl.| l i |H34 for the treatment '»f I'rlvnt*
Wl IV, «y Disease*. l.«»t M»iiD<kx1. Debility or
• ¦«^SElW^a (lls *' a 8 ( ' wearliijron body ami mind and
fc$t¥55" t *aaSkl'> Dismse* The Doctorcnres whm
V®HBBH«t n< * rs ' Jl1 '- Tr >' llim - rlmr * es low »
>Jtjr*ggrx4«-iir«-« junniii <«¦«•<!. C.ill or wrlta.
Dr. J. *'. tiIBB9>. Kan Francisco, C'aL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. May Webb* President Woman's
Kaffe-klatch Club, Menasha, Wis., is Advised
by Her Doctor to take Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, for Inflamma-
tion of the Womb, and is Cured. She says:
" Dear Mrs; Pinkham : — How little we appreciate health until
it has left us ; then it appears as the most precious gift to mankind.
I enjoyed good health until four years ago when I caught a severe
cold at the menstrual period. I thought little of it at that time, but
,when nine weeks after I found it had settled into inflammation of the
womb, I wished I had been more careful. I suffered agonies for
months ; lost my happy disposition, and nothing seemed worth having
if I could not have my health. My good old doctor, after prescribing
several worthless remedies, was good enough to say * Try Lydia E.
PiiLkham's Vegetable Compound, several of my patients have
¦ been cured through its use.' I did so ; I had great expectations, and it
did not disappoint me. Before the first bottle was, used I felt relief ;
I took it faithfully for nine weeks, and that blessed Compound surely
cured me. . It seemed to build up all the weak parts, allayed tha
inflammation, and brought blessed health back to me. I know how
to appreciate it, and I know also that it was due to Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Veg'etable Compound only." — Mrs. Mary Webb, Menasha, Wis.
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE IiETTKR TS XOT GENUINE.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
A car-lond of Call Superior
Atlancn lias arrived and they
are now read;- for distribu-
tion. All *ul. northern to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
thin grrcat book at the prem-
ium rate of £1 SO. Oat of
town ¦abacrlbers dexlrlusj n
copy of thin wplendld iirem-
luisi will be Mapplied on re-
ceipt of »pi OOi-, All mail
order* will be uhlpued by ex-
presit at Nabncriber'* expense.
| ' . — ¦. San Francisco, Tuesday. 6 May, 1002.
Mahoganized birch, $22.50.
. ' Considering the extremely modish design and
elegant finish of this Dresser the price we ask is
exceptional. ' The large French plate mirror > is
one of the principal features that has made this
. particular piece a great favorite. Made of mahog-
anized birch and equipped with - solid 1 cast trim-
| ; mings. The top measures 42 by 22 inches and |
there are four drawers, the two top ones : having \
swelled fronts. Price $22.50. Just, the thing for
Spring beds on couch legs. Single size, 18
springs, $4.50. Three-quarter, 24 springs, $5.00. .
Double size, 36 springs, $6.00. Throw a coyer-
ing over and you have a good, serviceable coiich.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) ' - '
957 t0 977 Market Street, 6pp. Golden;Gate Avenue/
Under any Test
' ¦' ; ' ' it is ¦ '
The Best
f' ¦•¦•-. . . ¦ . . . ¦ . ¦ .
'.¦'¦-.- ¦ . .'. '¦"
' (>• '¦ • - ' ¦¦ ¦'- ¦ - ' ¦ : ¦.;'¦.: ' ' ' . .' '4
I - • CimiSTT & WISE! COMMISSION CO., Inc. ¦:".;?
A - 223 <S 225 Calif orr fc St., San Kmncisco.CcJif. ' i
. ' r Telei.Yone SUln 873. ' J
' H...IM». t t., ...,lTUESDAY ................MAY 6, 1902
j JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. .'
Address All Cenntenicationi to W. 8. LEASE, Ktntger.
PUBLICATION OFFICG...Market and Third. 8. K.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to*- 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Sfnffle Coplea. 5 Cent*.
Term" t>r Mall. Including Postage I
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL Cincturing Sunday), 0 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months..-. 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Slngrle Month «5e
6UNDAY CALL. One Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* in erderlng change of address should be
particular to tfre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE ifnOGXnss.
KtBtger Foreign Advertising, Xtrgnette Bnildicg. Chicago.
<Lon*\Dist&nca Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPOKDKNT:
C. C. CARL.TOW.. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
*TEPHE\ B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldlnsr
<T0 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIRG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscribers contemplating: it change ol
residence dorlns the inraracr months can have
their paper forrrarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying? The Call Business 0/3lee.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented uy a local n^ent In
nil toTrns on the coast.
, Lew Wallace says "the seat and center of;Ameri
can literature; is in * Indiana" ; and now. we know )
where Lew 'Wallace lives- ¦ *• ' ,, , .
A "great many ways have been suggested for get
ting : even with ; the : beef trust, but perhaps the best
way is for -the - to take to eating turkey, and
on Thanksgiving day- they may ; be Vable to give
thank's; on- a 'roast at "a reasonable price. .
President Roosevelt has received! an unexpected
and unquestionably a welcome boost for nomination "'!
to a second term in the Presidency. It is said on
what appears to.be excellent- authority that the man
agers of the great trusts 'will oppose, him. -v . .
The police of this city; are looking-for two men
who are accused of a most unusual offense, one
which, argues' well for a plea of insanity.' The. un
fortunates are charged; with representing themselves
as employes of the Board of Health. ' ;
A.local "attorney who is defending a 'man; for a
heavy theft twitted the detectives the other <Iay on
their inability to locate the coin which had been
stolen. He should have remembered, perhaps, that
the sleuths did not enjoy the same confidence as he
with his client. : i ¦ : -
The rush to the Northwest is due to the moderate
price of land, and if price alone be considered we can
not compete,- but when the fertility of the soil and
the value of its products are taken into consideration
the Northwest cannot compete with California. It
ought to be possible therefore to bring the better and
wiser class of home-seekers to this State if for no
other purpose than that of taking a look at the land/
All of that is interesting to California. We have
ample lands for settlers"" and a far better market for
the sale of produce. Furthermore/we have an un
rivaled soil and climate for the production of about
everything' a farmer wishes to cultivate. We. ought
therefore to be receiving a' considerable part of the
stream of migration that has now' started from the
East. The task of attracting the attention . of home
seekers to Northern California could not have been
undertaken at a more opportune time.
As a result of the migration the railroads \ of the
Northwest are estimated to have carried 25,000 cars
of freight belonging to the home-seekers. It is added
by the correspondent of the Sun that all prospects
point to, the conclusion that the migration during
April and May will be nearly double that of the past
two months. Much of it .will go • to Canada, and
Manitoba expects to add 30,000 people to her popula
tion during the summer..
A local woman is suing her. husband for divorce
on the ground that he did not t6lk enough during
the* hours when- they were together. It is possible
that th'is , man has taken upon himself the. sublime
task of reforming the fair sex through one of its
members and his example?. . -.
Mr. , and. Mrs. Claus Spreckels Jeftjast,
evening 7 in their £ private i car | f o'r.X New.
York. .:.They.-., will;- also c make ah . extendV
ed tour, of Europe, and expect to' be gone
several \ months. They ; were .accompanied.
by their niece, Miis^Brommer.-'v •^•":
Max , Sommer of Sommer]"& ItauCmannV
28 Kearny £ street,- and '. Kauf mania's,'- 830
Market "street,? left Sunday night ' with.'"hls ;
wife • f or . \ an ; extended .Eastern" , trip, and
- after -that a l_tour - of the Continent.. Mr.
Sommer wilCdevbte ' five , or' six weeks \ to'
business in . the East," after- which , he and
his ; wlf e will spend three * months : in ; a
. pleasure \ trip ' through - the - principal " Eu
' roipean. countries.^" ." v\ -\-., .. . '> :" - x . ;'•».;"
His Grace. Archbishop'-Riordan and the
Rev. Father E. P. Dempsey are.' expected
to'arrive home to-day after a 'six weeks'
visit to the: East! \i .'" : " ,:. "":.':¦'.:¦¦'
' J. J. Cressy, a prominent merchant of
Los Angeles, is up here on a short-busi
ness trip ; and has .made his headquarters
at the; Grand. l^V-"?" " "- ""¦¦¦¦'
. President E.;H.,Harriman, who. left last
Friday "for a trip' through the Tosemite.
is expected back\in , Sari Francisco j on
Thursday.' •*;;¦.'; " : : . ; " VJ^it^
, B. U. Steinman, the well-known capital
ist, of Sacramento, is at the Palace,.ac
cempahied by,,his:wife and daughter. ,
, • F. E. Dunlap," the well-known politician
and attorney, of Stockton; is at the Lick.
% John Clyde Sullivan, a paymaster of the
United States iravy, is among the arrivals
at the Palace.' > . - ... • ¦
cocoa at Boston, is a guest at the Palace.
v . ~~~~~~ ••'"'• - , • ' ¦
Dr. W. H. La Barre of Weavervllle is
at the Grand. .- '':.'- . ¦ r
A. B. Spreckels left last evening for a
trip to New York.
A. J. Froelich, a mining man of Tono-.
pah,' is at the Palace. - '
J. Frank Howland , a manufacturer of
The Dallas Morning News in its Issue of
Wednesday, April 23, showed an enterprise
and capacity equal to many of the great-
Metropolitan dailies. In size, matter and
Illustration, the paper reflected credit on
the publishers, and on the city which
boasts • its presence and accords it sup
port. The occasion of the effort was the
opening day - of the Confederate veteran
'reunion held in Dallas during. the closlnjr
days of last month. . _.:...
The issue consisted of six sections of
twelve pages each, three, of which were
devoted to historical reminiscences, i n
prose and poetry, of the Civil war, battles
fought off Texas coast. Famous Texans
and bodies of Texans who served the lost
cause, etc., illustrated with pictures' of
honored Confederates still living, and
others with, honors unf aded .who marched
ahead "to "fame's eternal camDine
.ground." -,
, Pictures of beautiful girls, daughters of
old Confederates, sponsors for delegations
from the several States lend a winning at
traction to many of the pages.
: The last two sections are given' to set
ting forth the beauties and advantages of
Dallas,: and the claims of her business
men, who have-not been at all backward
in their demands for space.
If -the; report* be true that Roosevelt authorized
Poet Laureate Austin to dedicate that book of poems
to him, he can no longer be justly charged with be
ing too headstrong and strenuous. The mild ¦ and
gentle patience displayed by such an acceptance at
tests a disposition ; to bear anything without kicking.
A detailed estimate of the points. to which this mi
gration is moving gives the figures in tabular form
thus: ' - •
North Dakota ?.;......'.. .;.................:. 50,000
Washington, Idaho, Oregon 45,000
Northern Minnesota ; 18,000
. South Dakota J 12,000
Manitoba ". '.'. 7,000
Montana v ......;... 4,000
Total ..........136,000
A DISPATCH from St. Paul to the New York
Sun says: "In the. sixty days ending with
April 12 the railroads brought 136,000 home
seekers from: the Eastern and Southern States to the
Northwest. Of these it is estimated that 50 per cent
have gone through the -city, 25 per cent have gone by
way, of the Burlington road, via Billings, and,.2S per
cent have either settled in or have passed through
South Dakota into North Dakota." ' • •
MIGRATING HOME-SEEKERS.
A St. Louis Councilman who' is nestling quietly
in Mexico safe" from extradition has unknowingly
made glad the hearts of many Councilmen who may
or may not hpnor our great American municipalities.
He is charged with bribery, and our treaty with Mex
ico says that it is not one of the offenses for. which
a man may be extradited.
Major Strong, the abandoned son of a worthy
man, and the more abandoned woman who travels
with him have reached New York and the light of
new notoriety. It is unfortunate that the earth was
not large enough for a hole in which they could hide
from the sight of decent men.
LONE STAR ENTERPRISE.
At, the Stockton session E. I. Wolfe of
San Francisco, at present grand sub chief
ranger, will become the grand chief
ranger, succeeding John Heenan. H. A.
Gabriel of Santa Clara, the grand senior
woodward.' will become sub chief, and E.
B., Collins of Chico and H. L. Simon of
San Francisco are the most prominent,
candidates for. the office of senior wood
ward. John J. Cordy, the incumbent, will
be a candidate for re-election for grand
seoretary, with a possibility of opposition.
Frank Conlin will be re-elected grand
treasurer if he desires to serve again, and
J. E. O'Brien will be a candidate for
grand recording secretary. .
. During the session there will be pre
sented forty amendments to the laws, but
the majority are only slight changes to
The reports that are, to be presented at
the session of the Grand Court^of the For r
esters of America,. which opens in Stock
ton to-day, will show a membership In
this State of 17,900, and a gain of 2500 dur
ing the "year. This membership is distrib
uted, in 179 courts. The membership in the
United States Is In excess of 230,000. Since
its organization the order has distributed
in sick and funeral benefits and In dona
tions to members in distress $8,520,706, of
which. $1,020,700 was distributed during the
past year.
Membership During the Year.
Reports Will Show Heavy Gain in
PROGRESS OF THE ORDER.
PERSONAL MEN! ION:
The evening trains from both north and
south delivered large numbers ofv the fra
ternity at the stations, where they were
met by . the reception committee and
escorted to the quarters . assigned them.
This committee is composed of P. D.
Campbell, J. D. Klack, J. P., Carroll, P. A;
Peters, H: A. Stephenson and H. H.
Keuchler. The members have been busy
to-day, but their pleasant labors will be
heavier to-hiorrow, as several, hundred
visitors are scheduled . to arive. Special
delegations, many of them on special
trains or in chartered cars, .will come in
the morning from Fresno, Antioch, Brent
wood, Black Diamond, lone, Oakland and
San Francisco. Several of the delegations
sent committeemen ahead and have fitted
up headquarters, where . they will enter
tain brother Foresters. The Los Ange
lenos will not arrive until evening.
3 Masonic Hall, where the sessions will be
held, is properly prepared for the gather
ing and Agricultural Pavilion, in which
the ball will take place, is in the hands
,of the decorators. Two thousand five
hundred invitations have been issued for
the ball, which is to occur to-morrow
evening. Preceding the dance there will
be a^promenade concert lasting an hour.
The grand march will be led by Mayor
Catts and Mrs. Catts, followed by -the
Grand Court officials. >'
. The "~ ball committee, is composed of
James H. Ford,' P. D. Campbell and R. C.
Marino. Frank Murray is, the floor,deco
rator. There are twenty-five floor ' man
agers ' appointed from the several local
courts. - '- •- ,*¦
On Wednesday , evening the new rituaj,
STOCKTON, May 5.— Every train to
day • has . brought In delegations of
Foresters of America to attend the
Grand Court, which* will convene
here to-morrow for a four days' session.
written by Senator E. I. "Wolfe of San
Francisco and adopted by the Supreme
Court at the last meeting in Baltimore,
will be exemplified by a degree team
from Court Palo Alto of San ; Francisco.
On Thursday night there will be a ban
quet in honor of the Grand Court officers
at' the pavilion. .
The grand officers are: John Heenan,
chief ranger; E. I. Wolfe, sub chief ran
ger; Frank Conklin, treasurer; John J.
Cordy, secretary; J. E. O'Brien, record
ing secretary; H. A. Gabriel, senior
woodward; E. B. Collins, Junior wood
ward; J. W. McCoy, senior beadle; Peter
Stornl, Junior beadle; H. L. Simon. "W,
J. Rowe and A. W. Horwage, trustees.
correct conflicts. The principal amend
ments, however, are: "If the grand chief
ranger shall appoint a deputy grand chief
ranger who i3 not desirable, and where
such appointment would be a detriment or
injury to the court, the court shall have
the privilege to refuse to accept such
aeputy; to give to deputy grand chief
rangers after receiving special permission,
from the grand chief ranger or the execu
tive council. the right to demand in' writ-'
ing from officers of , a subordinate court
all books and property of the court of
"whatsoever kind, and providing for sus
pension from the order of any officer fail
ing to comply with the' request: that the
decision of the grand chief ranger shall
be final and unappealable In case of the
suspension of the chief ranger of a sub
ordinate court, and giving the deputy
authority to fill the vacancy; providing
for the punishment of members who do
not pay proper respect to their superior
officers; to provide that- no new xonrt
shall be organized In places .where there
are three or more courts without the con
sent of a majority of such; every mem
ber on the sick list of a court, who shall
have received sick benefits for the num
ber of weeks fixed by the court by-laws,
shall thereafter, while sick, receive each
month, a sum equal to one month's con
tribution, which shall be applied by the>
financial secretary to the sick. member* 3
credit." i.it -'?•?; .; -^ - -' ¦ , ¦- -- -'¦•>.
SOME OF THE OFFICERS OF THE
CALIFORNIA GRAND COURT,
FORESTERS OF AMERICA. .
Should it be foufid necessary for the powers to in
terfere a second time the consequences are likely/to
be serious not only for China, but for the whole*
world. Sharp disagreements arose between the offi
cers and the men of the various nations on the march
to Peking, and grave differences arose among diplo
mats and statesmen afterward. Those differences
have^been compromised, but they have not been set
tled; and now if a new policy is called for in dealing
with Ctina there may be war* in earnest
The critical nature of the situation is disclosed by
a dispatch from Washington to the effect that the
diplomats in that -city regard it as extremely probable
a general uprising throughout the empire .will oc
cur, and should that be so, the powers would have
to adopt toward China a policy widely different from
that pursued in suppressing the Boxer outbreak. It
seems that the "salutary lesson" which the powers
thought they were administering by the invasion has
proven to be anything but salutary. Nor can the re
sult be wondered at The harshness with which the
country was treated during the march to Peking was
not likely to diminish the hatred of the natives for
foreigners, and does not appear to hive caused so
% much wholesome terror of European I arms as was
hoped for. The consequence is that having done the
business wrong in the first instance, the powers may
have to undertake it again and do it differently.
From those facts we may conclude that while the
movement is liberal in its origin and leadership, the
disturbances of the country have had the inevitable
effect of arousing the worst elements of the popula
tion, and the leaders have been unable to control
them. The insurrection is no longer guided by an
intelligent spirit directed, to a definite end. It has
become something like the rising of a mob and car
ries destruction to everything in its way to which any
considerable element of the mob objects, whether
it be foreign or domestic.
While it is said by persons who are familiar with
Chinese affairs that Sun Yat Sen has the sympathy
of thousands of wealthy and progressive Chinese who
are opposed to the Dowager Empress and are eager
to bring China into harmony with Western civiliza
tion, the progress of the insurrection has been
marked by deeds which clearly attest that all of his
followers are not of that mind. Several missionaries
have been driven from their stations, the Christian
converts have been dispersed, one Jesuit has been
murdered, and there have been .observed among the
rioters persons carrying banners inscribed with the
words "Abolish the missionaries !"
That the progressive class of Chinese are active in
the movement is made certain by the fact that one of
its most conspicuous leaders is Sun Yat Sen, who is
well known as an opponent of the present dynasty,
and whose long residence in the United States and
Europe has made him a convert to Western ideas.
Some j-ears ago Sun Yat Sen was the subject of a
sensational incident in diplomacy. After flying from
.China to escape the Dowager Empress he went to
London, and while there was kidnaped on the street
and was taken to the Chinese embassy, where he
was held as a prisoner. Only the most strenuous
protests from the British Government saved him
from being put to death there and then. Upon being
released Sun Yat kept himself hidden for some time,
but he appears to have found encouragement enough
to induce him to return to China, where he has since
taken a prominent part in fomenting the insurrection.
REPORTS concerning the disturbances in
China are conflicting as regards the motives
and objects of the leaders of the insurrection,
but all agree that the situation is critical. It is said
by some that the disorders have been occasioned by
progressive Chinamen, who desire to overthrow the
Manchu dynasty and set up a more liberal govern
ment. Others assert that the disturbances are a re
vival of the old Boxer outbreak against foreigners,
and represent anything rather than liberalism. Each
of these views probably contains an element of truth;
and the insurrection may prove to be an uprising of
all the discontented elements of the southern prov
inces of the empire, each hoping to profit by the dis
turbances that all help to create.
THE CHINESE PROBLEM.
It is. to be borne in mind, of course, that the
Hampton school is designed not to make scholars,
but workers. As was stated by General Armstrong,
who founded the institute: '?The temporal salvation
of the colored race for some time to come is to be
Won out of the ground.- Skillful agriculturists' and
mechanics are needed rather than poets and orators."
It may be that the object for which they were work
ing had something to do in shaping the judgment of
the Hampton faculty on the comparative merits of
the two systems of training. What has been found
helpful to -the and aimed at by 'Hampton might not
be found helpful in a school with different objects in
view. Under any circumstances, however, the re
port is interesting, and if may be this colored school
is working out a system of education which the
whites may find it of advantage £0 adopt, at least to
a partial extent. -
While it is not safe to argue from this report from
Hampton that it would be better to increase the
amount of industrial training in .our .public schools
by making a corresponding diminution in the
amount of academic training, still .such argument as
can be drawn from itjat all, is. decidedly in. favor. of
industrial education. The boy who learns to do
things develops intellectually up to a. certain point
as much. as the boy who learns to know things, and
has the advantage that his ability to do something
that the world is willing to pay for gives him a cer
tain independence which the other does not possess,
and from that sense of usefulness comes a moral as
well as a mental gain.
"Concerning the experiment the report says: "We
have watched with interest the results of these two
kinds of training and, while it is yet too early to
speak definitely, we incline to the opinion that our
trade school boys, who set out in their second year
to master some particular branch of industry, are
stronger, mentally and morally, than those who take
the regular academic course. It may be said that the
object of. school life is' not to make carpenters, but
to make men. Whi!e this is true, the making of a
good carpenter goes far toward the making of a
good man. The effect, upon these young people of
feeling that they are able to produce something valu
able, for 'which the world is willing to pay, is most
helpful."
•The report ' sets forth some of the results attained
by industrial education as compared with academic
education. A large .number of boys, after speeding
a year at farm work, working- air day and attending
the night school, proceed to take three years in the
trade school, continuing to attend the night school
for academic training,' while others spend the three
years in the academic department and take manual
training twice -a week. Thus jhere is a fair chance to
note which training is .best. . . -
It, is not upon ;numbers only, however, that the
reputation of; the institute rests. 'While it does not
aim at what is generally known as "higher educa
tion," it none the less accomplishes a widely useful
work in fitting the youth of the negro race for living
useful and successful lives' and in training teachers
who are to. help forward the great work. The re
sults of ; the experiments of such a school may be
studied with profit by all who are interested in educa
tional methods. ' \' - •' c ;;¦;,
HAMPTON INSTITUTE has grown to be one
of r our most notable educational centers. Ac
cording to the 'thirty-fourth annual .report,
which has just been published, 1079 youths of both
sexes have received . instruction on the. school
grounds during the winter term, the attendance at the
last summer institute was 347, and the industrial
classes at Norfolk have an enrollment of 1976, while
the Huntington classes, at /Newport News have an
attendance of 807, making • a 1 total' of 4209 students at
Hampton, "or. in its immediate neighborhood, under
the care of the institute. So far as the number of
students goes, therefore, it is one of the. foremost
schools of the country. . >
INDUSTRIAL TRAINING.
Another of our: idols has" been smashed and the
busy iconoclast: in Congress has. armed his leveling
blows at one of the dearest to us. * The chairman of
the House Naval Committe^e says our navy isn't
worth shucks in actual warfare, and yet we are afraid
to ask him what he thinks of the battles of Manila
Bay and Santiago. . , - '
murder of women, and the danger line will be passed
in safety. If this is not done, the breach made by
Sibley is sure to tfiden and thousands will- walk
through it. Wise men have not failed to note the
utter aSsence of popular enthusiasm about the war.
One Major General, in his testimony before the Phil
ippine Committee of the Senate, said that it was a
conquest that had no glory, and that he had winced at
every blow he had been compelled to strike at a de
fenseless people. All such expressions combine to
attAct on one side the public sentiment that is re
pelled on the other by deeds that make an American
toss on his pillow and dream uneasily. Let leaders
be admonished, and beware the danger line.
Let the members and leaders of the Republican
party not only heed but lead this sentiment. Let them
declare that the party is not to be identified with the
wholesale murder of children and worse than the
From a merely partisan point of view this is most
fortunate for the Republican party. There was a
manifest determination in some quarters to suppress
all criticism of such acts of savage brutality as have
disgraced our arms in Samar and elsewhere. With a
well-defined insolence the people affected with Fun
stonism had gone forth snubbing as "sickly senti
mentality" every expression of humanity which dep
recated the universal arson and slaughter of children,
to make a howling wilderness of the country. There
was a feeling that if such appalling deeds were the
price .of conquest it was too much .to pay. But cer
tain smug clerics and smugger laymen were deriding
this rising spirit Sibley has given.it liberty to speak,
and the- conscience of the country is enfranchised to
be uttered once more.
From another quarter rises a sentiment which will
ally itself to disappointed commercial expectation.
This is the growing bitterness against military meth
ods. When- this was confined to the anti-imperialists
it caused no uneasiness. They were led by men of
impracticable views and methods, who had proceeded
on lines that did not command the support of num
bers whose general sympathies were that way. But
now this is all changed. The speech of Sibley of
Pennsylvania, a Republican and a leading"expansion
ist, has given voice to long-suppressed feeling. His
speech was immediately followed by a release of Re
publican sentiment most formidable in its character.
IT is evident that our military administration in
the Philippines is approaching the danger line.
" By that we mean the line beyond which public
sentiment becomes a hostile force. The risk may not
be limited to the military policy and practice alone,
but arises also- in features of our civil policy.--.;
It is a strange and inconsistent feature in the" latter
that all the voices which from the beginning have
been raised for the permanent/ occupancy of the Phil
ippines have planted that policy upon the argument
of cqmmcrcial profit. By commerce in the island
products we are to get back the cost of war, we art
to pay ihe. military pensions, a bountiful crop of
which our conquest daily sows the seed, and the
country has been taught to look over the smoke of
battle, far beyond its bloody fields, to the commer
cial future. This enchanting picture of prpfit has
been spread in all its colors before the American vis
ion, and the effect has been to raise expectation and
to whet appetite and reconcile vast numbers to the
cost of securing results so satisfactory to the com
mercial spirit.—.
But when this method of pacifying our own people
has worked its way, the laws of Congress come, pro
hibiting the entry of American capital and energy
into the islands in the only form in which a dollar
of profit can be gained. The effect of our
is to exclude from the whole archipelago everything
American except the army and a few civuV office
holders and some school teachers. Economic effort
for whatever it may be worth as a placating force
is absolutely excluded. *Th£ Call has printed from the
letters of Frank Carpenter and the speeches of Sen
ator Beveridge, Mr. Barrett, and others ' the com.
mercial view, directing the only way in which ex
pectations of profit can be realized, and we have also
tried to demonstrate that commercial exploitation
may mean material progress of the natives, and cause
them to look more kindly upon our presence there.
But it is not the policy of Congress, so that the sen
timent which that expectation has controlled may
Jose its interest in the Philippines. '
GRAND COURT OF THE FORESTERS
OF AMERICA WILL CON VENE TO-DAY
There seems to be no end to the emigrants.: Our
Eastern exchanges^say the movement is the largest
known in the history ofthe cs^ntry.,; Like all pre
ceding movements of Vthe kind, it wifl soon run its
course, and we should, try to profit by it while it is
at full tide. '' -r :'/
THE DANGER LINE.
*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1962.
6
Established 1823.
WILSON
JAKE -JOSEPH.' Representative, 3 00 Battery Street. San Fran else*
Some men have the faculty of' seizin*
common occasions and converting them
lnjto extraordinary opportunities:
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best LlverMedlcine, Vegetable Cure forUvernis.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malar£J»
a powder. Cures hot, swollen, smarting achlna-
sweating feet & ingrowing nails; kills stin^of
Corns and Bunions. 30,000 testimonials Alldru*
& shoe stores sell It. 23c. Ask to-day. 3am?,*
mailed Free. Allen .3. Olmsted. r> Roy, N. Y.
Use Allen's Toot-Ease^
The Northern Pacific Railway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlaton
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which nolnti
the trallsHnto this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. addresa T. K. STATELEJt!'
G. A.. 647 Market «t.. s. y. . . '- .
Vt Going to Thunder Mountain P?
Many a sensible woman falls in lov*
merely for the purpose of convincing some
fool woman of her ability to do so ° •
Clearance Sale of Framed Picttirea.
1000 framed pictures, some slightly worn
at one-half the regular prices. Many as
Special Information supplied -dally to
business houses and public men b» th«,
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230-CaiU
f ornia street. Telephone Main 1041 ' •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a «
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bask-
ets. A nice present for Eastern frienda^.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots.Townsend'a.«
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's*
AUCTION SALES.
By Win. G. LajTig— This day, at- 11 o'clock. Thoroughbred
Horses, at 216 Third street.
Auction thi« day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, Wagons, etc., at
1140 Folsom street.
AJsIUSEMEJvTjs.
Columbia — "An American Citizen."
Columbia Theater — Extra — Benefit of the New Actors'
Home, Thursday afternoon.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Leather Patch."
Fischer's Theater— "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Under the Red Robe."
Tivoli— "The Sinting Girl."
Central — "Mrs. PartinEton."
Alcazar — "When the Heart Was Young."
New Chutes — Zoo and Theater.¦ • TO ARRIVE. ¦
Steamer. From, Due.
Mandalay Coquille River May fi
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama. May 6
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May «
S. Barbara. . . Seattle May «
Alumcda Honolulu May 6
Argo ..Eel River Ports May C
Albion P.iver. Hadlock May 1
P.. Dollar.... Redondo May 7
Euieka HumboldM.I May 1
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Porta May 7
Santa Cruz.. Newport* & Way Ports. May 7
Edith Seattle '. May T
Coronado. . . . San Pedro May 8
Titanla Nanaimo May 8
Pleiadns Oyster Harbor May 8
Rival AVillapa Harbor May 8
Point Arena.. Potnt Arena May S
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports May 8
Algea Manila via Mojl May 8
Hyados Honolulu May 8
Newport...... Panama & Way Ports.. May 9
Newburg Grays Harbor May 9
North Fork.. Humboldt May 9
Chehalis..... Grays Harbor May 10
Pomona Humboldt ..] May 10
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May 10
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria | May 10
Peru China & Japan |May 10
L&kme Portland & Astoria ....I May 10
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 11
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoraa May 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. ./May 12
Queen Puget Sound Ports May 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 12
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 15
Rainier Whatcom direct May 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 15
C°Ptl<" China & Japan May 17
Lmatllla Puget Sound Ports May 17
» TO SAIL. ' '
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
¦• Mar 6. ~ ~
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Coon Bay.. San Pedro & Way/. 9 am Pier 11
Lmattlla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
A May T.
¦grgc Eel River Ports 8 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ..... l:30pPler 9
Ar ?a ta Coos Bay £ Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Seattle A Tacoma Pier 2
Curacao... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coquille River ,...10 am Pier 2
„ May 8. •
Coronado. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Westport.. Bear Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
£ ™ C * 1 " San k 115 * 0 & Way- » am Pisr 11
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
ban Jose... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
' , Stay 9.
Eureka. . . / HumboHt 9 am Pier IS
Nip. Maru. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Neko Hamburg & Way Pier —
_ 1, May 1O.
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Be«ieK... Golofnln Bay-Teller Pier 16
£' va l Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Bonita..... Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Aiameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Lecianaw. . n. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 16
„ . _ May 11.
%?? « °f a San -Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
., .. . May 13. t, I i
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Newbury... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
„ , ,; Blny 13.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier' 24
May 14.
Guatemala. Valparaiso &. Way. 12 m Pier. 10
Lakm e Astoria & Portland PJer —
May 1O.
Q-Ugfen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
. ', FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
! Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. May 6
Dcipnin Skagway & Way Ports. May 9
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 10
City Seattle,. Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
AI-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
girtgo Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 15
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. |May 20
TUESDAY. MAY 6.
Sun rises 5:08
Sun sets 7:01
Moor rises j '. . .4 :05 a. rr.
«> Time Time Time Time
rt Ft. Ft.. Ft. Ft.
Q LW HW ' --- LW HW
6~ TioO ~0~l 10:54 4.7 3:58 2.110:10 ~iu
7 4:48—0.4 11:40 4.8 4:42 2.4 10:50 B.8
Jt 5:3« t-0.7 12:44 4.8 6:28 2.6 11:39 6.8
9 » 6:25 —O.8 1:88 4.8 «:17 2.8
H W L W H W L W
10 0:20 5.7 7:18—0.8 2:3+ 4.817:12 2.9
11 1:01 6.5 8:12—0.6 3:30 4.8 .8:10 8.0
12 2:10 G.I 9:10—0.3 4:20 4.fl| 0:34 3.1
13 3:16 4.8 10:001 0.1| 5:22| 5.1110:55 2.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of ; the
day in the order of occurrence 'as to time; the
fourth time : column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but.tftree tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey chai'ts, except when a minus ( — )
s'.gn precedes the height, and then the number,
given Is subtracted irom the depth given by
Thomas on Drydock.
The army transport Thomas was yesterday
placed on Hunters Point dry dock, where she
The steamer Australia, which sailed on Sun
day for Tahiti, carried a general cargo valued
at $31,307. The cargo included . the following
merchandise and produce: "
1465 bbls flour, 37,610 lbs bread, 7 pkgs arms
and amunltion, 247 cs canned goods 776 lbs
cheese, 090 lbs codfish, 113 bales dry goods,
173 pkgs groceries and provisions, 2 bales hay,
209 pkgs hardware, 3318 lbs lard, 2038 lbs fresh
meats, 14 cs mealstuffs, 17 pkgs bicycles and
sundries, 118,772 ft lumber, 2 rolls leather, 26
pkgs mill work, 8G42 lbs bran, 276 ctls barley,
6783 lbs beans. 977 lbs butter, 60 cs coal oil,
350 lbs dried fruits, 24 pkgrs drugs, 11 cs eggs,
126 pkgs fresh fruits and vegetables, 1 cs hats,
200 lbs hams and bacon, 20 bdls laths, 11 pkgs
machinery., 120 lbs nuts, 139 lbs opium, 100
posts, 61 pkgs paints and oils, 49,103 lbs rice.
30,340 lbs sugar, 44 cs and 12 bbls salmon, 11
bales twine. 1381 gals wine, 54 kegs nails, 10
cr onions, 11 bxs paste, 29. pkgs potatoes, 50 lbs
raisins, 46 pkgs eteel, 16 bdls shingles, 360 lbs
tea, 31 bdls wire, 40 bdls shakes. 1000 lbs dried
peas. <6 coils rope, 44 bdls paper, 5905 lbs
rolled barley, 9000 lbs salt, 21 bxs. soap 19
pkgs sewing machines, 62 ctls wheat. 31 pkgs
boots and shoes. 21 pkgs shlpchandlery. •
The steamer also carried a quantity of Chil
e^ n c ?°J ns "treasure, valued at $4000 in Unit
ed Estates gold.
The Australia's Cargo.
The schooner Philippine loads lumber at Ta
coma for Honolulu, and the schooner O. M.
Kellogg, redwood at Eureka for Hllo.
The barkentlne Benlcla was chartered prior
to arrival for. lumber from Grays Harbor to
Sydney at 37s 6d. - . '
The Italian ship Canara, now at New What
com, will load lumber at that port for Cape
Town at 65s or Port Natal. 67s 6d, chartered
prior to arrival;
v Shipping Merchants.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
U. S. REVENUE CUTTER
WHICH WILL SAIL FOR
ALASKA THIS MONTH.
The speaking of ihe Red Rock has
started afresh the talk of a job on the
part of unknown speculators. The Red
Rock left Fraser River December 3 for
Queenstown". with a cargo of salmon. She
sailed in the gale that sent to the bottom
the British gunboat Condor and wrecked
the collier Matteawan. A few weeks
later a life buoy, bearing her name was
picked up. Then there came ashore sev
eral cases, of salmon said to have been
stowed in the limejuicer's hold. News of
these discoveries was promptly cabled to
London, where the underwriters in their
eagerness to get from under sent up the
rate of reinsurance to 50 per cent. The
eagerness with which the risk was played
at this figure made the British market
suspicious, and the Red Rock rate fell to
10 per cent. About the time the ship was
due at Queenstown a few more cases of
salmon were found on the northern beach.
"With the report of this latest find was
cabled the Information that the washed
up salmon had been ."stowed in the ves
sel's lower hold. It waf this last "dis
covery" and the care with which the re
port of It was sent abroad that gave rise
to the suspicion that the. northern beach
might have been salted at the instigation
of unscrupulous speculators. The exist
ence of this suspicion frustrated the Job,
If job it was, and although the. rate has
climbed up to 30 per cent that latest dis
covery of salmon had little effect on the
market. The losing overboard of cases of
salmon is an unusual occurrence. It hap
pened two years ago on the British ship
Ardnamurchan. She was placed on the
reinsured list, and those that played her
to arrive won handsomely. It is thought
likely that the case of tne Ardnamurchan
gave the clew for the manipulation of the
Red Rock scheme. The arrival of the
Red Rock at Queenstown is awaited with
interest, and if the captain's report fails
to confirm the loss of salmon there will
be a rigid .investigation into the source of
the reports ,that caused the underwriters
to reinsure their risk.
started,' was spoken April 11 in
latitude -1 north, longitude 30 west. Word
of the speaking was cabled yesterday ,to
the Merchants' Exchange, and the Red
Rock, quoted at 30 per cent, was wiped
off the reinsurance board. The Red Rock
was spoken about 350 miles northeast of.
Cape St. Roque,' and is due any day how
at Queenstown. . .
p>Tf-5CHE British ship Red Rock, which
I left the Fraser River 159 days ago
II and which has been on the rein-
LL sured list almost ever since she
weema, for San Pedro. f
Arrived May 5 — Stmr Chehalis, hence May 2.
HUENEME — Passed May 5, 11 a m — Slmr
Leelanaw, from Panama, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived May 5— Stmr Luella,
hence May 4. _ „* r> -
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 6— Stmr Co
qullle River, for San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May &— Bktn KU
kitat, from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORT.
READY ISLAND — Passed May 4 — Stmr
Shawmut, from Philadelphia, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed May 3— Ger «hlp
Elfrleda, hence Jan 5, for United Kingdom.
CARDIFF— Sailed Aortl 22— Fr bark Nan
tes, for Japan and San Francl3CO.
LIVERPOOL— In port April 23— Br ship
Foyledale, for Oreson. . _
Arrived. May 3— Br Btmr Glenesk. from Ta
coma. ""; _
SYDNEY — In port March 9 — Russ 6hlp Im
perator Alexander II, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP — Arrived May 2 — Fr bark Gen
Mellnet, from Oregon. . •
LONDON— Arrived May 3— Fr bark Gene
vleve jilo'inos, hence Jan 10.
SUEZ — Arrived May 4 — Br stmr Pak Ling,
from Seattle, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed May 3 — Br ship
Bracadale, for Birkenhead.
Arrived May 4— Ship Aryan, hence Dec 27.
VALPARAISO— Sailed April 14— Ger stmr
Dendfirah, for Hamburg.
SAN . BENITO— Sailed May 2— Ger stmr
Serapls, for San Francisco.
COMOX— Sailed May 3— Ship Florence, for
Dutch Harbor. . „
GUAYAQUIL — Sailed May 4 — Ger stmr
Hathor. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 2— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver. _
ADEN— Arrived May 4— Spanish stmr Isla
de Panay, from Liverpool, for Manila,
FALMOUTH — Arrived May 5 — Br ship
Riverside, from Oregon; Ger bark Tarpenbek.
from Oresou.
KINSALE— Passed May 5— Br ship Senator,
from Chemainus, for Liverpool.
GRANTON — Arrived May 4 — Fr bark Edou
ard Detaille, hence Dec 19. . '
HULL— Arrived May 4— Fr .bark Grande
Duchesse Olsa, from Oregon.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 5— Br bark Dun
earn, hence Dec 14.
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 2— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco. £, 1
VANCOUVER— Sailed May 5— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Honjskon*.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chant*' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 5, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
p. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
• Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and ' Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city -front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
POINT LOBOS. May 5,10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW. velocity S miles,
DOMESTIC PORTS. •-- V
KLAWACK — Arrived April 18 — Schr Zampa,
hence April S. •
To sail April 25— Schr Zampa, for Umpqua
UMPQUA— Sailed. May 2— Schrs Louise and
San Buenaventura, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 4— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco. ' -
Arrived May 0 — Bktn Kllkltat. from Hono
lulu, for Port Ludlow. . .
Passed in May 5 — Stmr Elihu Thomson, • from
Skarway, for Seattle. - - ¦ ¦,
CASPAR — Arrived May 5 — Stmr Luella,
hence May 4. - ¦
5 SEATTLE^ — Arrived May 0 — Stmr Melville
Dollar, hence. April 30; schr Alice, hence
April .16. ; ' . ,1 .
Sailed May 4— Stmr Humboldt, for Skag
way. May 5 — Schr Lily L, for Siberia: stmx
City of Puebla, for San Francisco. •
Arrived May C — Stmr Elihu Thomson, from
Skaiway. ' . -• . ¦ ¦¦ ..-,..*
W HATCOM— Art ived May 5— Schr A M Bax
ter, from San . Pedro; bktn Willie R Hume,
hence ADril 24. ¦ . ¦ ,. •'...' -¦
Sailed May 6 — Schr Mildred, for San Fran
cisco. ; ' ¦ ' ' •
COOS ¦ BAY — Arrived - May 6 — Stmr Signal,
hence May 2. ' ,
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 5— Schr No
komis, from Honolulu. .. ¦
Sailed May 5 — Bktn Skasrit. for Hilo.
WESTPORT— Sailed May 6 — Stmr Navarro,
for San Francisco. .. _ 1
TACOMA — Arrived May . 5-rStmr Queen,
hence Mdy l;,Br ship ' Levernbank, from Santa
Sailed May 5-^Schr Metha Nelson, for San
. Arrived' May 5— Stmr. Melville - Dollar, hence
SAN PEDRO— Arrived '"May 5— Stmr Santa
Cruz, hence May 2: stmr Fulton, from Re-.
dondo;stmr Brunswick, from San Diego; stmr
Pasadena, from Eureka."^ . I, .-..,.
Sailed May 5-r-Stmr Santa Cruz, for San
Francisco; stmr Brunswick,'., for San Fran
cisco. ¦ '¦ * -¦.'.¦'
¦ NEAH BAY— Passed out May . 5— Schr - Al
bert Meyer, • for San ' Pedro; schr L-jzori, I for
Ban Pedro; shin Florence, -for Dutch Harbor:
ship Ecl!r.«e. for Nushagak; -bark Charles B
Kenny, . Tor Honolulu; stmr Grace" Dollar, for
San . Francisco. , ,... . ,
¦Passed In May B — Bktn Kllkltat. from Hono
lulu; stmr; MIncola, hence May 2,: for .Seattle
and Tacoma.:- _¦ , , ' ' ¦ "¦'¦ _ " '•' \'- r >-Z ¦-. ¦•""-.'¦ •"' - ;
ASTORIA-^Arrlved May ... -5 — Stmr' Iaoua,
h'ence:May 2; stmr Columbia.' hence. May ,- 3. '¦".
vGRAYS • HARBOR — Sailed May • B-^Schr ' Ma-
TELEGRAPHIC.
April' 11.' lat-.l N, Ion 30 W— Br ship Red
Rock, from Fraser, for- London.
SPOKEN. .
May 5.
\ Stmr Phoenix,' Ordland, Mehdocino.
Stmr Tamnico, Reed. Seattle.
Stmr South Coast, Jamlescn, Albion.
Schr Webfoot,' Semsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Newark, Nielsen. =-. ¦ . •.
'Schr Lettitia, Sarrims, Coos Bay.'
Monday, May 5.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ' ,
Stmr Tamaico, Reed,' Seattle; Globe Navi
gation Co. *
SAILED.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
• . -. Monday, May 5.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne, 34 hours from
Crescent City. '
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17% hours from Eu
reka. *
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. 57 houra from
Portland. . via Astoria 4-1V4 hours. '
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 11 hours from Point
Arena. ¦'. . ¦ .
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diego. ¦ , ,
Stmr Phoenix, Ordland, 40 hours from San
Pedro. . , .
Btmr Corona. Swanson, 46 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Shipping Intelligence.
The carrying away of a davit on the steam
schooner Marshfleld yesterday afternoon pre
cipitated Michael Cullen, a sailor, to the deck.
He fell head down and sustained fractures of
the skull which will prove fatal.
Sustains Fatal Hurt.
Four stowaways and three passengers, all
Japanese, who arrived here on the Nippon
Maru.j were yesterday ordered deported. The
stowaways were denied landing on the ground
that they might become public charges; the
passengers were ordered back to Japan on the
showing of the Federal quarantine officials that
they were suffering from trachoma, a disease
of the eyes, contagious and not wanted in
America.
Denied Landing.
John J.' Searey, secretary of the Marine En
gineers' Association, has been dangerously ill
from blood-poisoning for the last two weeks,
and until yesterday Drs. Leland and Taylor be
lieved that the amputation of his left leg
would be necessary to save his. life. Saturday,
however. Searey took a turn for the better.
Yesterday the doctors informed the association
that they thought they could pull him through
without resort to heroic measures. It will be
some weeks before Searey is able to resume
his duties, which are now being conducted by
Acting Secretary J. M. Benson.
Searey Convalescent.
was Inspected' by Major Devol and Superin
tendent Pierce. She will sail for Manila May
15. The Grant, which has been the most serv
iceable of all the transports, will be overhauled
before she goes back to Manila. ,
*THE. SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY, 6, 1902.
RED ROCK, DEAN OF OVERDUES,
IS SPOKEN ON LINE IN ATLANTIC
Movements of Steamers.
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
7
AJJVEBTISSMENT8.
uTur-trulA'-
To suffer from D/spep^ia
means ihatyour stomach is too
weak to properl v digest the foo.i
laken.into it. What you nee. i
is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,
the b'.-st medicine] in ihe worlu
to cure Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Insomnia, Nervousn ss and Ma-
laria.- Be sure to try it.
Stomach Bitfers»
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great*
$HUSEUH OF ANATOUYi
' 9 - "' 6B -¦'- lml "AH?! SI. tit 6:h 47ti, S.F.Cal. t
,\. (The Larcest Anatomical Muxeilm in the "
A —Jl^ ; Worid. . Weikne-ise* or ¦' any contracted i
V fl^^3n disease p«»ltl%"«-ly rnrfid hy the oldest "
Q ffcjj "a* I Specialist on the Coast. E.it. 36 year*. t
i/l^W?& j)R. JORDAN-DISEASES (1? MEN (
f^O^vJu Comultation free and stii<-;ly rrhite. *
I , ]Kw H persomily or • by •¦ letter. Ai
fi r H'^""'** Curciaertzy CAseuDderuken. \
H ft : ¦¦¦; 11 fll *' Writafir Unok. PHILOKUPnYcf i
' I 1 niHRIAGC, MAILED FREE. ( A \
1 '•<!',' #1, , ¦ valuable book (or ni^n)
" JOB. JORDAN A VO.\ 1051 Mnrtcpt St.'.S. F. (
AMTJSEMElfTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER-Extra
SFATS Now ¦¦¦"
JLAl J V
Next Thursday Afternoon, May 8
Commencing at 1:30 Sharp.
EXCEPTIONAL GAlTeNTERTAINMENT
In Aid of the
NEW
Given Under the Direction of the
ACTORS' FUND OF AMERICA
THE PROCRAMmTwILL INCLUDE:
N. C GOODWIN. MAXINE ELLIOTT AND
COMPANY,
JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY,
EDWARD HARRIGAN AND THE GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY
FEATURE ACTS FROM THE ORPHEUM
ALCAZAR THEATER COMPANY
CENTRAL THEATER COMPANY^
PRICES— $2. $1 50. H, 50c. *
Powell st. near Market '
MR lr E 9P N ' D AND LAST WEEK.
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
To-night and Wednesday Night and Matinee
Saturday,
f\N AMERICftN CITIZEN.
» WE^W^IwEte-^E^ |
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
...JOHN DREW...
In "THE SECOND IN COMMAND "
By, Robert Marshall. Author of "A Royal
Family."
SEATS READY NEXT THURSDAY ?
PRICES S^' e ? lnff8 " $2 ' $15 °- n - 75<J . SOc, 25e
rnlVCJ Matinees...... $150. $1. 75c. 50c| 25c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
PACKED LAST NIGHT TO SEE
America's Greatest Author-Actor. •
EDIA/ARD HARRIGAN
In Mr. Harrlgan's Famous Play,"
T!»£ J-EATHER PATCH.
A Wh.rlwlnd or "Fun and an Avalanche of
Laughter. .
Hear Dare Braham's Songs: "Denny Grady'a
Hack." "It Showered Again." "Bax-
ter Avenue" and "Put on Your
POPULAR PRICES. ?...ltte; 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c
•v.T^J2 d , Orchestra Beats AU Matinees. 25c.
NEXT WEEK. "REILLY AND THE 400."
[FISCHER'S THEATER
' O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Main 231. v
"YET" "NO,"
: : NOT
* : ::^: ¦¦¦ : YET
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Ftlll continues to pack the house at every per-
formance, and last nieht. the beginning of the
fifth week, the "StandlnK Room" sign was
out Jone before 8 o'clock.
MORE- ENCORES THAN EVER.
Eight for the "Florodora. Sextette." ieven
for "I Sigh for a Change," six for t'Rosey
Posey," and' the lucky number 13 for Kolb
Dill & .Bernard. ...
¦ Get seats now for the Sat. and Sun. • Mat-
ineea. Matinee seats, ' 25c ail over.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street ami Tenth Avenue/
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
' EVENING.
JACK NORWORTH; THE CLIPPER QUAR-
TET; GORMAN AND KEPPLER; PETCH-
ING BROTHERS; FREIJSTUBER: GRANT
AND GRANT and New Moving Pictures. .
DON'T. FAIL TO SEE
CoL Edward Beaupre,
Tae Tallest Man on Earth. . ,
FIRST AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, 5c.
Paone for Seats— Park 23.. *'
AMUSEMEITTS.
ELITE VAUDEVILLE! ,
Sliss Julia Heinrich; Raymond and
Caverly; Brothers Hoste; Hilda
Thomas and Company; The Flor-
enz Troupe; The Five Nosses; Lou-
ise Dresser; Wilton Brothers, and
T-ast Week of Milton and D0IH2
Nobles, presenting "A Blue Grass
Widow."
P.eserved Seats, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box
Beats and Opera Chairs, 50c
ANOTHER RECORD BREAKER,
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
S 4 a r tS?& WEDKBSDAY
MR. JAMES NEILL and CO.
Presenting on a Gran-l. Scale.
UNDER THE
RED^ROBE.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING.
Erorson Howard' s Powerful Comedy Drama,
ARISTOCRACY.
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.
SEAT BALE THURSDAY.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP! "
_ ANOTHER SENSATION
Alice Nellsen'a Greatest Success.
THE
SINGING GIRL
t CHARMING THROUGHOUT.
Never Before In This City at These
' POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
BELASCO & THALL Managers
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
The Event of the Theatrical Season.
A GREAT TRIUMPH.
TTT-f it An American I
When the wl
Heart Was Young.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c, 25c. 35c, 50c, 75c.
BEMSCO A"°Tr:AU:Sjfe.jrf$£
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINFE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Funniest of All Comedies,
MRS. PARTINGTON.
The Richest Play of Its Kind. '
GREAT SPECIALTIES. ETC. :
First Appearance at This Theater of
WILL H. BRAY.
PROF. BOTHWELL BROWNE'S JUVENILE
RAGTIME FLORODORA SEXTET
All Tbi» Week— The Talk, of the City.
r nip re Evenings 10c, lSc 25c. 35c. 50c
IIHILO Matinees 10c, 15c. £5c
¦ Next Week— "THE WORLD." V-
weeelTcel
!6 Pages. SI per Year
Will Inspect Canneries.
The Cnited States Revenue cutter Perry
came alongside Filbert-street wharf yesterday
to coal and to undergo general repairs. She
trill be ready for her annual cruise about the
end of the month. The particular duty for
which she has been detailed is the inspection
of the different Alaskan cannery stations. The
revenue cutter McCulloch anchored yesterday
In man-of-war row. The McCulloch Is the
most graceful Government veesel that comes
into this harbor, and she never looked better
than she does to-day.
Notice to Passengers. .
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery.
408 Taylor street. C50 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
« ? •
Falls Down Hold. j
Carberry Egan, a longshoreman, fell down
the hold of the British ship Lydgate yesterday,
lacerated his scalp, injured his hips and frac-
tured his shoulder blade.
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling a&ents for the "Water-
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall,"
the best 51 fountain pen in the •world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
¦ » ¦
ARCHITECT SUES FOR FEES — Herbert B.
Maggs, an architect, is suing the Oakland Meat
Company for ?6St. alleged to be due him for
plans he prepared for a slaughter-house for
the company.
Notice to -Mariners.
OREGON AND "WASHINGTON.
Columbia River, main 1 ship channel *¦• from
Tongue Point to Jim Crow Point.. Taylor iSands
Poet light, a fixed white lantern light. w#is
moved April 2C from the dry sands on' the
northwesterly eide of the channel, and Is now
located in C feet, of water on • the southerly side
of the channel, % of a mile from Toague Point,
Oregon. The light is suspended- from an arm
on a single pile about 15 feet above high. water
as a guide in the channel. - Beacon two-post
light. N. E. % E.; John Day Point (N; .E. tan-
gent), S. E. M S.; Tongue Point Crossing Front
Post light. S % E. This notice affects the
List of Lights and Fcg-SIgnals, Pacific Coast,
1'J02, page 28, No. 96; and the List of Bea-
cons and Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1902, page 07
. By order of the Light-House Board,
- W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N.. Light-House Inspector.
Office of U. S. Light-House Inspector, Portland
Oregon. May 2, 1002.
Captain J. Christiansen, of the schooner
¦Winchester, reports to the Branch Hydro-
graphic Office that on March 28, 1002. at 6 45
p. m.. while lying becalmed in latitude N 12
degrees 40 minutes, longitude W. 166 degrees
with overcast sky and an occasional rain pass-
ing over from E. S. E.. he observed the sky to
light up suddenly, for a height of about 10
degrees and length of about 30 degrees of the
horizon with a bright red glow, to the north-
weet of his position, and at a distance which
he judged to be about twenty miles. This con-
tinued for about ten minutes, when it was ob-
scured by a rain cloud. For another ten min-
utes he saw a bright .white light, something
¦-M 1 , lar - t0 K h f , Welsbac h lighten color and
™ Ser> and on accent of the
rain In .<Hstlnet. The captain tried to make way
toward the light, but was prevented by lack of
JTV"?;* i H t kep V a brIght Uebt burning and a
bright, lookout, but saw no more of it after the
moon rose, a short time later.
_ , W. H. STANDLEY,
; Lieutenant, U. S. N. f in charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
bBKMnSSsA HiBBM ITTI (¦
ffiflffiWroMH *EBBy * -1 ¦ ¦¦¦•
SICK HEAOMHE
Positively cured lay these
little Pills. % %
They also reKere Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for .Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
"?jfc Steamers leave Broadway
Kas^ " Wharf, Pan Francisco:
ffilggft^ Kor KetchMcan, Juneau.
KfcjW*!!Qw4» Skasuay. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
8&e*«5v§3i m - Ma y ti - n - lfi - 21> 2t5 - 31 «
£^^5 'ral June 5 - Change to com-
I |MBsCi<**a1 par.y'3 steamers at Soattls.
/ P^*"^^SS 1 F¥»\ Kor Victoria. Vancourer,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta«
coma. Everett. Jfew WhaU»
com— 11 a. m.. May 6. 11, 16, 21. 26» 31. JaB»
S. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. By.: at SeattU
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C , .
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. in..
May 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Juna 1.
- For Los Anrelea (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dtego and Santa Barbara-
Santa. Rosa. Sundays, -0 a..m. _ .'.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles <vla San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucc3, San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford), Ventura. Huenema and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. May R. 14, 22. 30, Juna 7.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. May 10, 18. 20. Juna 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa*
lia, Guaymas (Hex.) — 10 a. in.. 7th eacla
month. '
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail*
lntr dates.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PKRKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
— for . -•¦:!''.¦
NOME •«.
LEAVE -SKATTLE.
SENATOR .JVNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE T
Anl fortnlshtly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN, .
1 leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 31 re-
apectively, connect with above steamers. Th«
: r.ew and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss.
: mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nom»
folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
cr. s. m/%iL- route.
W%3&BB& SAILINGS.
\\ NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch Its first-class steamers, carrying
United States mails, for
NOME ani ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Folio ws;
From San Francisco
S S DORA TUESDAY. May 20
S S. ST. PAUL June 3
S. S. PORTLAND Jo«y 1
From Seattle.
3. S. OHIO JuneS
S. S. INDIANA Juno T
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saldie.
carrying United States mall, for Teller «nd
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
643 Market st., San Francisco.
Or . EMPIRE - TRANSPORTATION CO..
Puget Sound Agent, Seattle. Wash.
CXR-.&'JV. CO,
' V ONLY. STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All :
roints. all Rail or Steamship and Rail., ai
LOWKST RATSJS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBIA Sails.... May 3. 13. 23. June 2
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails May 8. 18, 2S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 ft. en.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt., 1 Mong'y, S. T. ,
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
tier First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con<
reeling at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
si?" NIPPON MARU Friday, May 9th, 1903
£S' AMERICA MARU...
Wednesday, Juna 4th. 19C3
SS HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 28th. 1H0J
. Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For I
freight and passage apply at company's offic*.
421 Market '^^ co^ne^Flr g.^
Jfamburg~/kmericcm.
TWIX-SCREAV EXPRESS SERVICE).
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A Victoria May 22} Columbia June I
F* Bismarck.:.. May 29| Deutschland ...June 13
TWIN-SCREW i ASSEXGER. SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Patricia May lBIWaldersee '. May 2<
' Kiautschou May 15 [Pennsylvania.. May 21
hamhurH-American Line. 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for PacifU
Coast. 4"01 California st,. Saa Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vaporss.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Centra)
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard 3. Pier 10, IS n. " •
GUATEMALA.. May 14ICOLOMBIA . . .June 21
PALENA May 3l| TUCAPEL July — .
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasenger office. Sift California street.
BALFOUR, QUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. l m S
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40;. Meals Fre«.
S. S. Leelanaw .Sails Thursday, May 13
S..S ¦ •••• •• •
s. S. • ¦ :^"'drrJ^ s i'X-" i^-j^
From. Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m,
Freight and Paaeengcr OJflce. ."K0 Market st
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
COXFAQNIS OENEEALi: TBAS3ATLASTIQH3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead oi •tttj%3yt
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42..' rWWwaH
North River, foot of Morton street. .¦
First class to Havre. $»0 and upward. Second
clasa to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERA!
AGENCY FOR UNITED. STATES and CAN.
A.DA ' 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N»a
York. J. F. FUGAZI . & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAIR SOFT AS ,STXK.
New Scientific Treatment Kills Dand-
' ruff Germs, and Makes Hair Soft.
It is an accepted fact, a proven fact
that dandruff is a germ disease; and' it Is
also a demonstrated fact that Newbro's
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. With-
out dandruff falling hair will stop, and
thin hair will thicken. Herpicide not onlv
kills the dandruff germ, but it also makes
hair as soft as silk. It is the most de-
lightful hair dressing made. It cleanses
the scalp from dandruff and keeps it
clean and healthy. Itching and irrita-
tion are instantly relieved,, and perma-
nently cured. At all druggists'. There's
nothing "just as sood." .Take no substi-
tute. ,Ask for VHerplclde."
Superior to Aplol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel/ >
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. N v
Apioline Capsules for three months cost $1.
. ' Drnggist or 'P.O. Box 2081," New Y6rk.'^'. : .
' ADVERTISEMENTS!
- * - ' ' >
f|J Mother & Child
l|||l|r are both benefitted by
f IBl . *k e use of
te||M ANREUSER-BUSCH'S
The use^of this food product brings
robust health to all. Malt-Nutrine
!^p!TflwB^ contains 14.60% genuine nutritive
extract and less than 2% of alcohol.
|B^^^g^^^^ Absolutely non«intoxicating and
W^t^tJ^^M positively strengthening and invig-
I^^S^wl orating. Doctors recommend it. •
Kftf**^^2ISS»-- « AU dr *Sgists sell it. Prepared only bff
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
i^22^^S^» "Brewers of the famous Budweiser. Mlchelob,
' BlacK 6 Tan. Pale-Lager, Faust, Anheuser*
Standard, £,xport Pal* and £.xqulsite. - y
AD V~EBTISEME2»T3.
table in fll ft
"T . ' ' • '
Your hcme furnished
complete from our large *;
assortment of furniture,
carpets and draperies
for cash or little amounts
—
T. BRILLIANT
CO.
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
820 BROAD WAT. S. T.
P/l l/ICfi Desirable location,
UI "V unsurpassed cuisine,
- u n e q u a 1 e d ser-
Sflfl - vice and modern
u "" conveniences are the
A j attributes that have
Iff 51 fin made these two ho-
UI UIIU tels popular with
II i 1 tourists and travel-
ffniPIC ers who- visit San
liyiWid Francisco.
OCEAN. TBAVEL.
V«yWQ9H.IVdo<J«VV- ZEALAND ino SYONET
— _ _ .,, I CIRECf LINE to TAHITI
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.. .
ss ; m -
ss. aust^l^?7oV T tSi . *! a r. #>
• • •' • • Sunday. June ». Vo a' m.
. J. n. SPRICKELS&BROS.CO., GenBralAzii,329MariJt
Ben'l Pass. Offlcs, 643 MarKet Si, Pier Ho. 7. gaclllc si
AMERICAN LINE.
m NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON
St. Paul. May 14, 10 am Ptilla....May 2&. lft a™
St.Louis.May 21, 10 am St. Paul. June V 10 ££
RKti STAR LI5E.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS
Southwrk.May 14. noon|Kenslngtn.May28.' noon
Vaderland.May21. noonlzeeland. . . Junrf4, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATIOV CO
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 MontyonVy at.
KAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S;kNAVriYAHigANl:VALLEJi).
ilteamers GEN.' JRISBIE; or; MONTICSLLO
1 a:45 a.:m., 3:15 and S:S6 p. m., except Sun-
day. -Sunday, 0:45 a. 1 m..: 8:30 p.-m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.,\12:30 noon.-* U p. m.. except-
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. 1 m., 4:15 p. no.- Fare/W
cen'iK. Telephone Main 1503. Landing ana
office, pier • 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. •.Offerings of old Potatoes were, firmly, held in
first : hands atvunchanged : prices. ¦! ,'Buyers' were
holding ' oif, "pending '; the . unloading of ..the | Ore
gon : steamer, which arrived with < 8246 sacks. T"
. Choice • offerings . of ,' Nevada-: Onions I bring the
top 1 quotation': readily, : but '{ second - class ¦ stock
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
• . .DRESSED MEATS. '
¦ .Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as: follow*: i:.--"" ¦. •. .: r- . ¦- ¦ '¦¦ '-•¦ ¦- r
. BEEF — 7@7V4c for Steers and 6 V4@7c per lb
for COWS."=. -—¦¦-• L.V* • " •• "'.¦_¦¦ - " i'!,''' •- ' . ; . •¦.¦-'.
'. mVEAL — Larse. 8^9c; small, n«^10c- per 1 lb." ¦
> ..] MUTTON-^ Wethers., 8(JT9c; Ewes,' 7',4@Si4c
IHj^erjjbjggg^^
Mutton . is quoted somewhat under
better supplies. , There is no further change in
Hogs/. ¦'- ', ' '. ¦' '¦ ' f '*y. ;• I-
San Francisco Meat Market,
Beans continue very, firm under the shipping
demand, ( and several descriptions • have again
advanced. Growers of Lima Beans are " still
sending complaints of the lack of rain.' >"-"n
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 10; small, White, $2 50
@2 65; larce White,- $2 60@2 70; Pea, $3 25®
3 50; .Pink, $2 10@2 25; Red. v $2 50@2 75-
Blackeye, $4 75@5; Llmas, $3 60@3 70; Red
Kidneys, $3 50@3 75 : per ctl. ' " ¦ . ¦ :
SEh:DS — Trtebte Mustard. $2 50@2 65; Tel
low i Mustard," $3 25@3 50; . . Flax,',. ; $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from' Utah.
10%@ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape,- l«a
2%c; Hemd. 3%c per lb. V "^
DRIED PEAS— Niles, : $1 60@2; Green, $150
@2; Blackeye, nominal. 'V- '
Beans and Seeds!.
LIVERPOOL. \ .
Wheat — ,vi ; V ..May. July. / ' .Sept
Opening 6 1% 6 1% 6 3%
Closing ..'.............. 6 1V4 6 1% 63
PARIS.
Wheat—' May 1 .- .Sept. -Dec
Opening 22 30 20 55
Closing '..2240 20 55 -
Flour— ¦ , v ' ¦
Opening .....20 70 26 35
Closing 2670 : 26 35 j
Eastern Livestock Market.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., May. 5.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 400; strong to 10c higher. Natives,
$5 25®7 ;. cows and heifers, $1 50(36 15; .veals'
$3 25@6; stockers' and feeders', $2@5 35. '
HOGS— Receipts, 3950; light and light mixed
$C 90@7 17»4; medium and heavy, $7 12^1^
7 30. • '
SHEEP— Receipts, ' 4300; weak. -Western
lambs, $0 15@6 85; Western sheep, $4 85@0 25
CHICAGO. , '¦¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦
CHICAGO. May 5.— CATTLE— Receipts '
10,500. including 200 Texans, =200 -Western; ex
porters • 10c • higher; others steady.- < Good to
prime steers, .'$6 15@7 20; '. poor to medium
$4 50©6 40; stockers' and feeders', $2 50@5 25
heifers, -«:2@6; canners'. $1 40®2 40;- bulls'
$2 25fi5 75; calves, $1 90@6; Texas-fed steers'
$5 25@<! 75; Western steers. $4 80@5 75. '
HOGS — Receipts'- to-day, 30,000; to-morrow ' ;
17,000; l left' over, v 2500; r strong. - Mixed and
butchers', ¦ $0 50© 7 20; 'good- to choice, «7 lRira
7 32%:-rouBh heavy; $0 90@7. 10; light' $6 65
©7: bulk. *(J 90@7 15. „ . - ,,
SHEEP— Receipts, : 18,000; sheep* steady
Foreign Futures.
Bran has again' been, advanced 50c per ton.
Middlings remain unchanged. Hay was weak
under increased receipts of. 900 tons, but deal
ers held the market up. ; -\ „ '¦
BRAN— $17@18 50 per ton. : ; ;
MIDDLINGS— $20 60021 50. per ton. " ;
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled • Barley, $21@21 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing. $20 50@27 : Cocoanut Cake. $20@21 : Corn
Meal, 1 $29 50@30; 'Cracked- Corn, . $30 50@3l-
Mixed ' Feed, ! $lt>@17 : Cottonseed . Meal, ¦ $2« 50 "
HAY — Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat
$8 50@ll ; Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@ll"; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 60@8 00; Stock, $6@S
per ton. - " • - r ;¦ -
STRAW— 40@65o per bale. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
' Hops are ' quoted \ quiet, with contracts for
new crop reported at 11 ¦.. The -crop is
looking finely all over the coast, as It is else
where In 1 the U nited States, and the yield • Is
expected to be one-third larger than in 1001.
The supply On this coast is now estimated at
from 4000 to 5000 bales, a o -ainst less than 1000
at this time last year. - : * - -.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. ; Heavy 'salted
Steers. 10%cr. medium, 0«j>9%c; light, . S@8^c;
Cow Hides, 9c ifor.heavy. and 8@Sfcc';for light:
Stags, 6@6%c; Salted Kip. S@S%c; Salted Veal.
»>tt<Utfic; Salted Calf. lOc: Dry Hides, l(ic; Culls,
l*c; Dry KiP.- 13c; Dry^ Calf, lac; Culls and
Brands. 15c ; - Sheepskins. ; shearlings, 20&3^
each: short Wool, each ;~ % medium, taut
75c; long -Wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horse. Hide»
salt,' $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium,$1 tor small and /60c for, Colts; Horsa
Hid" s, dry. $1 .75 for large.. $1 25@1 60 for me
dium, $1 f° r " mal1 and' o0& forjColta, Bucls
Skins— Dry : Mexican. 32%c;<dry salted Mexi
can. 26c: dry Central American. 32i4c* . Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, - 75c; large . and smooth.
50c: medium," 36c. * s ¦ \ >.¦ _,r , ¦--.,
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 6%©6c per lb:
No. 2.r4%@5c;, grease, 2>,£@3&c.-.. . ,, ¦'
WOOL— -Spring — Northern free. .-.14010c: -do,
defective,- 13^14c; Middle county free,-13@15c
do, defective, 12@13c; Southern. 12- months. 9O
10c;-\do. 7 months. fl@llc: Foothlir, " 11013c:
Nevada. "J2<SSl5c per lb.,- :'.¦...;• .-,
HOPS— 12c -for fair and 13@14o.per lb for
good' to choice.. .- ¦'.*;¦. ¦"¦;; : y
Hides, Tallow,- Wool and Hops.
Articles — - ' Receipts. Shipments;
Flour, barrels .*......... 20,000 ' 17,000
"Wheat, bushels ......... 52,000 209,000
Corn, bushels 153,000 ¦ 88,000
Oats, bushels .......... .256,000 268.000
Rye, bushels 1,000 5,000
Barley, bushels 13,000 ' ..
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket was firm; creameries, 17@21V4c; dairies
7@20c. Cheese, steady, 12^@13c. Eggs, nr.-n'
resh unchanged. " '
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 eo@
3 75 usual terms; Bakers' Extras," $3 40@3 GO-
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 1 per barrel for family and
$3<§>3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3®
8 60
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; R ye Meal
$2-76; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25 ; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour* $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@9- in
sacks, $6 85@S 60; Pearl • Barley, $5 60; Split
Peas, $5 60; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lb«.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easier; No. 2 spring wheat, 74@75c; No. 3, 74®
74%c; No. 2 red, 82@84c; No. 2 oats, 419i@42c;
No. 2 white. 43%<344%c; No. 3 white, 42%@
4314c; No. 2 rye, 58@58%c; fair to choice malt
ing barley, CS@71c; No. 1 flax seed, $165; No.
1 Northwestern, $179; prime timothy seed,
$7 10; mess pork, per bbl, $16 05@17; lard, per
100. lbs, $10 15@1O17V6; short-rib sides (loose),
$9 50@0 60; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@
Sc; short clear sides (boxed), $10 10@10 15;
whisky, basis of high wines, ?1 30; clover, con
tract grade, $8 35. •
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy. 13%c lor light medium. 14%c for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $9@9 50 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $11@11 60;
prime Mess Pork, $15 50@16; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $18 60@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef.
13Va@14c. per lb. -
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 12Vic; 10-lb tins, 12%c;.5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins, 1294c 1 -
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c, one tierce, lOftc; two
tierces, 10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Tho San , Francisco -market rules firm but
quiet. Some dealers are trying to advance Hog
products, but -not all of them have, yet agreed
to mark up prices. An advance Is likely to oc
cur any day, however. . ,
Chicago stood about the same. The market,
however. Is unsettled owing to the agitation
against the beef trust. Mail reports from New
York say that a squeeze in Lard . is expected
there, as the Gates party have corraled most
of the supply.
Provisions.
NEW YORK, May 5. — The disturbance and
anxiety which were felt in the financial world
this morning were much relieved before the
close of the day on the Stock Exchange. It
was known before the stock market opened
that the hopes entertained on Saturday of se
curing means to tide over the firms threatened
with embarrassment had failed, and there was
nothing to do for these houses but to announce
their inability to meet their contracts. In two
cases the falluree were fully expected, but the
third came as something of a surprise. There
was heavy liquidation on .the Stock, Exchange
when they were announced, but the effective
support offered the general market checked
the indiscriminate liquidation and Induced more
sober reflections. There is no doubt much dis
trust was felt for the fabric of credits gener
ally, owing to the ignorance of the extent to
which the collapse of the Webb-Meyer clocks
bad involved others. The development in the
stocks themselves was recognized to be not of
first Importance. The collapse of their prices
naturally reduced the' basis of credits, which
had been acquired on the fictitious and manip
ulative valuation. But the dazzling rise in the
prices for these securities had not attracted
any great speculative following. The trouble was
thus localized within a comparatively email
circle of Immediate participants in the specu
lation. This was soon demonstrated by the
movement of the general market and the ab
sence of financial trouble in other quarters.
There was the fear this morning that the re
eults must be faced of similar operations ;of
other pools in various specialties and even 'of
manipulative advances in standard railway
stocks; but the readiness with which offerings
were absorbed quieted the nervous excitement
and Induced some buying back of stocks by
hasty sellers. In fact, the day's net losses are
found to be quite Insignificant as a rule, and
not a few important etocks closed higher than
Saturday. The reports of copious rains In the
Southwest and the effective breaking of the
drouth conditions, which have kept awake anx
iety regarding the crops, was a material aid to
the recovery. The persistent upward course of
Louisville and Nashville was a sustaining in
fluence. Rumors were renewed of a combina
tion of this read with the • Chicago, Indiana
polis and Louisville. The prospect of a strike
on the part of the anthracite miners and a
stringency of the money market will amply ac- .
count for a repre^Jon of speculation. As a
matter of fact, the active liquidation of the
first hour accounted for the early one-half of
the day's total dealings. Money loaned as
high as 20 per cent, and receded to 6 per cent
only after the principal demands had been met
There can be no doubt the discrimination
against collateral and unfavorable disposi
tion developed among money lenders toward the
recent indiscriminate tendency of the specu
lation were factors In the money stringency
The squeezing out process along this line is
viewed with satisfaction. The knowledge that
credits are very liberally expanded at present
and that the rather meager cash reserves are
subject to heavy demands has caused real anx
iety to be felt from the reckless speculation
indulged tn In some quarters.
Some of the speculative bonds were weak un
der forced liquidation, but the market recov
ered and became irregular in sympathy with
stocks. Total ealee. $4,030,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
th£_last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— ' Sales, lllzh. Low. Close
Atchison 27,800 79 77% 7«»/
Atchison pfd.. 2,500 »7% 1>7»4 avS
Baltimore & Ohio.. 7,100 107 100 ' lOeii
Bait & Ohio pfd 95 ''
Canadian Pacific... 1O.S00 125 122% 123%
Canada Southern.. 400 1'1*£ V1% 91-^i-
Ch«=s & Ohio 3,100 46% 4tt 4(Hi
Chsro & Alton J.3O0 r,ti' :&:£
Chso & Alton pfd. 400 75 Vi 75V» ~'>^t
New York Stock Market.
MONDAY, May 5—2 p m
UNITED STATES BONDS.
I Bid. Ask. I -Rfrl 4«Ir
4. Yr'r'eT-m&nS $ 3 V C <new)13?%i3f %
4s qr reg ..111%112 3s. qr coup. .108%109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Ala A W 5s. 92% — Oc SS Co 5s 97 ton
Bay CPC 5S.108 108% Omnibus Cs^ - ™
Cal-st as ...119 p ac G Im 4a B7UL
Ed^ifpV 10 * ~ £**CH&1OT l™
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 £wlt st °£ fc 1^
T »° std os. _ 103% s p o/e'es 14%
L A & P 5s.lO3 — (1905)Sr A lOfiUtnr
-Do J cm 5s.lO2% - (1905 Sr B.l6?% _
Mkt-st C fa. — — (1906) " 11n1 ,
Do lem 5s. — 121% U912) '"* Z U?U
N R of C 6S.112 — S F of c'iit %
120%12l cgnt£{£_ -
Mp iC ,n«'"!?"v n "« "tmpd.1099. —
N R of C Bs.114% — SPBr <^al Gn i*»iz
8ak Trn tin™* S I ™" £ W^*
uak Trn 68.124 • — D o 4- 2dm ifwiZ
Do 1st C5s. - 115 Do ll 3dm 102* -
Oak W G 5s.liW.iu Stkn G&E6s.lO2 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% 77 IPort Costa 63X4 66
Marln Co. ... 59 — Jsprlng VaK . 91% oS
GAS AND ELECTRIC. ¦¦
Pac G Im.. 39 — stktn G & E. 8 -_
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.260 270 - ; '
s BANKS.
Amer B & T.110 — First Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal . . . 90 91 L P & a • lfisu
Bank of Cal.426 — Mer Ex (Vlq) 23 ~~
Cal Safe Dp.120 122>4 S F Natlonl.140 Z
, \ SAVINGS BANKS.
German '...1900 — Sav & Loan. no
Humboldt . . — — - Security Sav 340 39O
¦ , STREET RAILROADS.
California ...170 180 'Market 100 -_
Geary. —,60 |PresIdio .... 35 _
POWDER.
Giant 79% 80%;vigorit ..... 314 _
L - SUGAR.I
Hana 3% 4%jKllauea .... — 914
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell ... 23 23^
Honokaa ... 10% 11% Onomea .... 24% 26
Hutchinson . 12% 13 iPaauhau . u 12 tt
.. MISCELLANEOUS. s. - '. : - 7 •".
Alaska Pack. 161 %162 Pac A F A ftv
Cal Fruit As —.102% Pac C Borx'l65 "~
Cal Wine As.101 — Par Paint _ iS
Oceanic S, Co 30% — . ¦ ;.'. ¦ " ~ *?
Morning Session.
• '. Board—
. 10 Pacific. Gas Imp. jnio»
, 5 Pacific Gas Imp In «v£
, 20 S. F. Gas & Electric Co. s"&6"" 1a m
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 1$ iZu.
$3000 S V 4 per cent Bonds (2d Mtge)"'lO2 «iA
$3000 S V 4 per cent Bonds (3d Mt|e)::io2 00
25 American Bank & Trust Co... ' no nn
10 Anglo-Cal. Bank... -.. =• Sa 2?
$2000 .Mkt.- st. R. R. Con. 5 p. c. Bds".:i21 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—*. . •
10 California Fruit Canners 102 "5ft
25 California Wine Association "101
40 Giant Powder Con.. *" 70 JvS
10 Giant Powder Con.... '"" n or
40 Paclflc Coast Borax. , ""m m
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co..... 4? ii
Street— - v »* ' 5
11 Parafflne Paint Co 25 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
¦ 600 Independence 1_
200 Oil City PeTroleum "-**
1000 Shamrock .........r. " '¦"',' J°
•200 Sterling :!!\IIMI\> 1 73
Afternoon Session.
1000 Independence ....:. ¦. '„,,
7 100 Kern (B 30)....... '..'"" r m
200 Monarch of Arizona.. .:...% {'.'.';'. V
500 Petroleum Center. *"* |i
'.500 Sterling- ".. , ' i« ¦
1000 Sterling (B fiO) "" 1 i A
500 Sterling (B 80) .V. ;"" : ton
•¦= 50O Sterling (S 90).... ** : "* )i S^i,
500. Sterling (B 10)... ..'.'.'.'. 1 77^
MINING STOCKS.
; The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and. Exchange Board yesterday:
¦ . Morning: Session.
C 300 Be«t & Bel... 25| 100 Overman .... 21
. 200 Caledonia ... • 42 ? 500 Potost . .23
,200 Gould &,Cur.f 18 8CO sierra Nev * 27
.100 Occidental ..".- 11! " 200 Union Con " .27
v. 150 Ophir ...175' 200 Yel Jacket". 7. ¦• 13
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
with occasional showers; fresh southwest
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday, possibly light showers; light
eouthwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, wanner Tuesday: fresh
southerly winds.
The temperature has risen over the northern
half of the coast and has remained nearly sta
tionary elsewhere. Maximum temperatures in
the San Joaquln Valley and the southern part
of the State range from 76 to 84 degrees.
Light showers have fallen in Northern Cali
fornia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 6, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday, with
occasional light showers; fresh southerly winds.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the coast
from Eureka northward. A slight disturbance
is passing over Oregon and conditions are fa
vorable for showery weather on the coast north
of San Francisco.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERALr
.CHICAGO, May 5. — Bears started In to dom
inate- wheat at the sound of the opening gong.
Bearish news was at hand in good array.
Cables were lower, receipts were improving,
but greatest of all factors was the heavy
rains that had come to the relief of Kansas and
Nebraska. Private wires had reports of crop
damages as usual, but the trade came to the
speedy conviction that all was not lost In the
Southwest. Estimates of the Kansas wheat
yield that had been as low as 25,000,000 bushels
a week ago were raised to-day by conservative
people to 50,000,000 bushels. St. Louis and
Kansas City sold heavily. July wheat opened
%<S%c to %@%c lower at 75%@75%c, touched
75%c and then slumped to 74%@~4%c. There
was a large short interest In wheat and on the
decline offerings were absorbed. Prices for
July rallied to 75c. .but at the close were weak,
l%c lower at 74%@75c. : .
Corn ruled weak on the Influence of rains
and the depression in wheat. July closed 94@
%c lower at 00%@i50%c.
Rains had a weakening effect in oats and
under the influence of the breaks in other
grains oats declined steadily. July closed %c
Icwer at 35%C
Steady hog prices at the yards held prices In
provisions from slumping in the pit". The close
was about steady, July pork a shade lower and
lard and ribs 2%a down. ;
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — ? Open. High. Low! Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 74% 74% 73% . 73%
July ...;.... 75% 75% 74% 75
September .. 74% -75 73% : 74%
Corn No. 2 —
May 59% 69% 58% 59%"
July 61% 61% "60% C0%
September .. 60% 60% 59% 59%
Oats No. 2 —
May 41% 42 41% 41%
July, old 34% 34% 33% 34%
July, new... .36 36% 35% 35%
Sept., old.... 29% ¦ 29% 29 29%
Sept., new.. 31% 31% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, Der bbl— "
May ...16 90 16 95 16 90 16 95
July 17 10 17 17% 17 07% 17 10
September ,..17 20 17 20 17 12% 17 15
Lard, per 100 lbs— - . . . ' .
May 10 17% 10 17% 10 15 10 15
July 10 20 10 25 10 17% 10 17%
September ..10 27% 10 32% 10 27% 10 27*4
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
May ..1 ;.. 9 52%
July 9 55 - 9 60 9 52% 0 55
September .. 0 CO 9 67% 9 60 ' 9 60
Temperature — 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
Chicago Grain MarkeU
I Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December
8000 ctls, 79%c.
Second Session — December— 4000 ctls 79Ue
4000, 79%c. ' ** '
Regular Morning Session — December 2000
ctls, 70%c; 4000, 79%c; 2000. 79%c-
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 L ctla
70%c; 2000, 70%c: May— 2000, 96%c.
OATS — The local market continues very firm
and it would require very little to establish an
advance. There are rifmors o' targe export
orders on the market.
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites, $1 ?0@l 45. Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black. $1 12%@1 32%'- rtd
$1 3C'©1 42% per ctl. 7a ' '
CORN — Chicago was dull and dragging, but
prices were unsettled, declining from 61^ic tn
60% c and recovering to 01c. . "
There.was.no change to report in this mar
ket, which was firmly held, but quiet.
Large Yellow. $1 37%@1 47%; small round
do, $1 4Oi01 50; White. $1 50@l 60.
RYE — 90@95c per ctl. J
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 7B per
ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December
18,000 ctls, $109; 6000, $107%.
Second Session — May — 1000 ' ctls, $1 11% •
2000, $1 11%; 4000. $1 11%. December— 6000,'
$1 09%; 2000, $1 09. - '
Regular Morning Session — May — 1000 ctls
$1 11%. December— 38,000. $1 00. ' . '
Afternoon Session— D'ecember — 10,000 ctls,
$1 09. k * ,
BARLEY — The upward tendency • continues
and some holders quoted Feed as high as $1 for
choice bright, with no merchantable grain
under 95c. Futures -were several fractions
higher. The demand continued good, with
light offerings.
• Feed, «7%c@$l for No. 1 and 95@96%c for off
grades: brewing and shipping grades, $1; Chev
alier, $1@1 20. . — T
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower, but
cargoes were firm. Paris futures were steady.
The world' 8 shipments for the week were as
follows, in quarters: Russian, 140.000; Danu
blan, 161,000; Argentine, 150,000; Indian,
50,000. ' The "American visible supply decreased
2,121,000 bushels. -
Chicago declined from 76%c to 74%c owing
to general rains over the whole Southwest and
from Nebraska to Ohio, which caused a selling
rush at the opening. * There were more buyers
than- sellers, at the decline. St. Louis sold
freely and holders realized heavily. The de
mand was ver- moderate. The market subse
quently turned somewhat firmer on .seaboard
reports of 40 loads taken for export, with more
working. Governor Stanley of Kansas aban
doned his intention of appointing a day of
prayer for rain, being confident now of abund
ant crops. ...
This market was quieter and weaker, with a
slight decline in futures.. • •
•i B !?l Vh l at ~ sh 'PP ln «f. ; S 1 !2% I milling,
$1 13%@1 15 per. cental. . .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
N«;w York Exchange, sight.... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 17%
Silver, per ounce — 50%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45 >j
Exchange and Bullion.
Astoria 29-94 70 46 SW Pt Cldy .00
Baker 30.06 66 36 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 29.92 70 36 W Pt Cldy .00
jCureka 29.90 70 48 N Cloudy .04
Fresno 29.94 84 46 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.88 70 30 E Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Ida.30.08 64 30 S Clear .00
Independence..29.82 76 48 S Clear .00
Los Angeles... 29. 92 76 46 SW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.76 92 56 W Pt Cldy .00
Portland 29.90 78 50 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 23. 9S 74 52 S Cloudy .00
Roseburg 29.84 76 36 NW Pt Cldy .00
Sacramento ..29.98 74 60 SW Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.10 60 34 NW Clear .00
San Franclsco.30.04 70 50 W Rain T.
S. L. Obispo.. 30.03 82 44 N Cloudy .00
Ea.n Diego 29.96 66 54 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.96 74 48 N Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.06 70 38 NW Pt Cldy T.
Neah Bay 29.94 60 42 E Clear .00
Walla Walla. .29.98 78 42 N Pt Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca ..29.98 70 32 N Pt Cldy .00
Yuma 29.76 94 56 N Clear .00
Business was quiet on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange and there were
no fluctuations worthy of note. There
were sales of Anglo-Callfornian Bank
at'.- $90 25 and of • American Bank
and Trust Co. at. $110. The flurry in
light stocks last week is now said to have been
due to the report that the Oakland Gas Com
pany was to be absorbed by the California Gas
and Electric corporation. ?
¦ The oil stocks were neglected and un
changed.
• The only change In the afternoon was a de
cline in Gas and Electric to $43 75.
Pacific Lighting Company was ex-dividend
of 35c, or $11,550, yesterday.
A meeting of the stockholders of the Asso
ciated Oil Company will be held July 7 to vote
upon a proposition to create a bonded Indebted
ness of $5,000,000. to be secured by mortgage
upon or deed of trust of all the property of the
corporation owned or to be acquired by it
The Onomea Sugar Company paid a monthly
dividend of 20 cents per share yesterday
.- The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. •
0 ? BtocK *24 50@25 50: preferred. $(J0@
$?of87%|!o2 C 5 e o nt bOnd8> $905 ° : « ubs «-*P«°ns!
cent a s 1! o 0 n rn theYot^ Wl " *** * <UvWend ot ~
Builders' Contracts.
MONDAY, MAT 5.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Sophia Zell. lot
on N line of Richland avenue. 775 E of South
avenue, E 25 by N 100. lot 28, block 7, Holly
Park; $10.
Ira Dick to George W. Hi Ashton, lot 1731.
Gift Map No. 3; $100.
Behrend Joost (trustee) to Nellie and Alex
ander Bond, lot on S line of Turk street. 110
W of Pierce. W 27:6 by S 120; $10.
Adolph Meyer to Gesiene Meyer, lot on E lln«
of Devisadero street. 82:6 N of Pine. N 22:7%
by E 100: gift.
Jane McDougall to Mary E. Brounotte (wife
of George) lot on S line of Oak street. 137:6
E of Masonic avenue. S 125 by W 27:6; gift.
Warren C. and Sarah H. Gregory to Alice
M. Hoyle, lot on N line of Jackson street. 207 :«
E*of First avenue. N 73:8%. W 5, S to point.
E 5; $10.
Hobart Estate Company (corporation) to
Matthew I. Sullivan, lot on E line of Valencia
street, 60 S of Seventeenth. S 50 by E 100;
$9500.
Otto and Wilhelmlna Schrader to John P.
Hanson, lot on E line of Noe street. 52:8 S of
Fourteenth, S 25 by E 105; $10.
George W. and Mary. E. Wright to Thomas
P and Emily L. Doyle, lot on E line of York
street. 104 N of Twenty-fourth, N 26 by E 10O;
Emil Pincus to Moses Samuel, lot on W line
of Valencia street, 160 S of Twenty-third. 3
40 by W 85; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Eliza
A. O'Neill (wife of Daniel), lot on W line
of Vlcksburg street, 91:6 S of Twenty-second,
S 22:6 by W 100; $10.
Arthur D. and Tlllle M. Reynolds to Ella F.
Grundel. lot on N line of Twenty-third street.
2CO W of Hoffman, W 25 by N 114. lot 172,
Heyman Tract; $10.
Max and Fannie Sichel to Edith Cook, lot on
N line of Filbert street, 137:6 E of Mason. E
68:9, N 65:7. NW 93:7%, W 8:10, S 137:6;. $10.
Mary Roccatagllata to Frank Lacoste. lot oa
SE line of John street. 91:6 Eof Mason, E 0:6.
S 40; $10.
Susan G. Tevis (widow) to Harry I* Tevls,
lot on SE corner of Jackson and Taylor streets.
E 206:3. S 137:6. W 68:9. N 34. W 137:6. N
103:6; also- lot on SW corner of Pacific and.
Taylor streets, S 62 by W 92: gift. \
John J. and Clementina L. Pagend&rm tr%
Frederick H. Papenhausen, lot on NW line otT^
Harrison street, 77:6 NE of Essex, NE 30 by
NW 100. quitclaim deed; $1.
American Surety Company (corporation) to
Lida Bell, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 10O
N of I street. N 60 by E 120: $10.
Lida and William Bell to Dennis M. Riordan.
lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 100 N of I
street, N 25 by E 120; $3600.
Mrs. A. C. McMlx to St. Paul'» Parish, lot
on E line of Forty-seventh avenue, 225 N of T
street. N 25 by B 120; $ .
L. M. H. Greene to W. H. Greene. land "W
of E line of proposed extension of Nineteenth
avenue and bounded on N by S line of Outs Ids
Lands block 1259. S by lands of Spring Valley
Water Works, quitclaim deed; $5.
Charles L. and Lottie P. Dall to same, lot
commencing on NW corner of tract which ad-
Joins land of Spring Valley Water Works, be
ing on S line of Old Ocean House road, E 150
more*or less by S 300, quitclaim deed; valus
recorded.
- Emille S. Beamish (wife of Percy) to WI1
helmina W. Mager. lot on. S line of Ploch»
street. 132:6 E of Cambridge. E 25 by S 100.
block 132. University Homestead: $1.
Bridget M. Richardson to Joseph F. Dolan,
lot on SW corner of Union avenue and Banks
(Ward) street, S 75 by W 70, lots 607. 609 and
611, Gift Map 1; $10. 'j ¦¦->.¦
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
STOCK MARKET.
2 S K 2 2 5
3 Bg S3 »S 8 O ?«
CTATIONV 3 £g 5Jj ?3 ff- IT
•- I" I :& ? i
: s c : : e
•33- : i
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or, May 5. — Wheat nominal;
Walla Walla, 65%@06c; bluestem, 66%c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., May 5.— Wheat nominally
unchanged. Bluestem, 66%c; club, 65%c.
PORTLAND, May 6.— Clearings, $644,661;
balances. $132,087.
SEATTLE; May 5.— Clearings." $566,226; bal
ances, $127,013. - •
TACOMA. May 5.— Clearings, $238,203; bal
ances, $41,869.
SPOKANE, May 5.— Clearings, $302,690; bal
ances;- $18,798. .
Northern Business.
NEW YORK, May 5.— There is still little de
mand for evaporated apples, though the tone
remains firm. State, common to good, 7@S%c;
prime, 9%@9%c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10%
@llc.
Prunes slow. Apricots and peaches active
and firm.
PRUNES— 3%@4%c.
APRICOTS— Boxed, 10%@14c; bags, 10%@
12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, 8%@
lie.
DRIED FRUITS,
*¦
NEW YORK. May 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,543 barrels; exports. 21,500 barrelB; less act
ive, without being quotably lower.
"WHEAT— Receipts, 420,000 bushels; exports,
448,000 bushels; spot was easy. No. 2 red, 88%c
elevator, and 90%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 North
ern, 93%c t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard, 86%c f. o.
b afloat. ' Pronounced weakness was an early
feature on good rains in the Southwest and
bearish statistics. A rally followed at ,noon
on big clearances, but it broke again under
liquidation and closed weak at %c net loss.
May, 80 5-16@S0%c, closed 80%c; July, 80 7-16
©SI 1-lOc, closed at 80%c; September, 79%;
December, 80%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
"WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
5 7-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, S%@12c. Future
market closed quiet, with prices net 5 points
lower. Total sales, 6000 bags, including: July,
5.10@5.15c; September, ,5.30c; December, 5.50c;
January, 5.65c; March, 5.75@5.S0c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair, refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined firm.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 5, 1902—6 p. m.
The following maximum, and minimum tem
peratures were reported from stations in Cali
fornia :
Eureka 70-52?San Diego 66-64
Fresno 84-50 Sacramento 74-50
Los Angeles 76-48 Independence 76-48
Red Bluff 74-52 Yuma 94-62
San Luis Oblspo.. 82-44) |
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
70; minimum, 51; mean, 60.
Weather Report.
FOR MONDAY, MAY 5.
Flour, qr sks... 19.613 Middlings, sks.. 655
Wheat, ctls 510 Bran, sks 690
Barley, ctls 6,240 Leather, rolls... 84
Oats, ctls 335 Hides, bdls 343
Beans, sks 3,696iPelts, No 313
Corn, ctls 125 Wine, gals 21,700
Potatoes, ctls... 1,880 Paper, car 1
Onions, sks 67 Tallow, ctls 212
Broomcorn. bis. 2 Sugar, ctls 2 743
Wool, bales 449 Qulcksil, flsks.. 140
Hay, tons 900
. OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 7,172 Potatoes, sks... 8.612
Oats, ctls 335 Onions, sks 63
I WASHINGTON.
Bran*, sks 1,700
Receipts of Produce.
MONDAY. May 8—4 p.m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 04 05
Alta — 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher 07 08 Mexican ...... 64 65
Best & Bel... 25 27 Occidental ... 11 12
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 1 85 1 90
Caledonia ... 45 46 ! Overman .... 22 23
Challenge ... 17 18 Potosi 23 24
Chollar ...:.. 18 17 Savage 12 13
Confidence ... 62 64 Scorpion ..... .— 04
C C & Va 1 65 1 70 Seg Belcher.. 01 03
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nev... 29 30
Con N .Y — 01|SIlver Hill..,. 52 63
Crown Point. 07 08 St Louis..... — 08
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... — <JJ
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con... 30 31
Gould & Cur. IS 19 Utah 03 04
Hale & Nor.. 19 21 Yel Jacket... 13 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
New York Grain and Produce.
' RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, Sc; 2-crown 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, ' 5%c for unbleached and 7®
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3-
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers
$1 25<gl 35. ¦ .
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll%c No
2, 0%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c;
Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 0@10c for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 6@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuu.
$3 50@5. : , . ¦ .
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 59
6%c; light amber extracted. 4®4%c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Contracts for new crop Royal Apricots at 6%
@7c are reported. Otherwise there is nothing
new. Stocks of all kinds of fruit except Prunes
are too small f#r any activity.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9® 10c lor Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy. Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples, S@9c; sun dried, R<ft5>/c; Peaches
6%&8%c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums^ pitted 5@6c'
unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5'4@6c for red
and 5%@6c for white; figs. 3%@4%c for black
and 6%4j>t>c for white. -
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows
30-40's, 6%@6%c; 40-50's, 5@5%c; 60-60's 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, 4(@4%c; 70-80's. 3%<33%c; 80
90's. 3@3%c; 90-100" s, 2%@2%c per lb. »
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $8@11 per
.chest • Malindas, $4@6 per chest and 75c@$l 25
per crate.
APPLES— $1@2 50 per box, according to
quality; from Australia, $1 5002 50 per box
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges; $101.75
for standard, $1@2 25 for choice and $2 25@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25©2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@2 50; Va
lencias, $2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges. $2@3;
Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25
0160 in. half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and $2@
2 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit. $1(S2 50. Includ
ing seedless; Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas,
$2 25@U per bunch for New Orleans and
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Receipts of Cherries were 28 boxes of white
and 15 boxes red. The fruit being small and
unattractive, sold slowly at $1 25®1 75 per
box. 1 ¦ - -
Berries were in free suppljr and attractive
lets sold readily at full figures. Some Ma
llndas arrived in very poor order and were
sold at the bottom quotation. Longworths from
Bouldln Island continue to arrive green and
are hard to sell.
At the Orange auction 6 cars were . sold as
follows: Fancy Navels. $2@2"85; choice do,
$1 35<3'2 75; standard do, 75c@$l 85; standard
Seedlings, 50c@$l; Valencias, $2 65@2 85 for
fancy and $2 25 for choice. • In the open market
business was dull and stocks of all grades were
plentiful.- Offerings of Lemons were large and
outside of a limited demand for fancy, th«
market was featureless. Bananas continued to
bring high prices.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy. 18%ig>19c for firsts and 17<SlSc for sec
ords: dairy, l(5@18%c; store Butter, 14@16c
per pound.
CHEESK- New, 0@10c; old, 9@llc; Young
America. S@10c; Eastern, 13<g:i5c per pound.
- EGGS — Ranch. 18%c for fancy and 17@18c
for fair to good; store. 15@16c per dozen.
Receipts were 109,900 pounds, 3 kegs and 307
tubs of Butter. 1535 cases of Eggs, cases
of Eastern Eggs, 8000 pounds of California
Cheese and 2200 pounds of Oregon Cheese.
Cheese continues weak, with large stocks.
The firmness in Eggs continues. Buyers are
still out in the country purchasing for 'cold
storage on speculation, and some of them are
paying above the level of the San Francisco
market In their eagerness to get the goods. The
Exchange again advanced Its quotations, quot
ing ranch. at 17@18c and gathered at 15@16c.
Receipts of Butter .were vory . heavy again,
as vlll be seen. Heavy packing, both here and
in the country, keeps stocks down to a manage
able point, and the market is steady. The
Exchange made another %c advance" in the up
per grades, quoting "creamery at 18@19c, dairy
at K;<sjl8c and store at 15c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The collections of internal revenue In this
district during the month of April were $239,
10S, the descriptions being as follows: Beer,
$99,324; spirits. $73,503; tobacco. $23,956; doc
umentary ttampt., $32,424; proprietary stamps,
$4SO6; lists. $1699; miscellaneous, $3396. In
April. 1901. the collections were $332,897. The
total collections since January 1 were $93S,331,
EC&inet $1,247,382 during the same period last
year.
Internal Revenue Collections.
Money — United Fruit imw
Call loans 3%@4% Wrtlngh,, ™Com v "io7 %
/Time loans 4@5 Mlhin ff — • 107
., Bo ? d »— Adventure ... ions
Atchison 4s -.103 Allouez I]?
GaB l8ts • 85 Amalgamated" " " &£
«^..... ft g£2?rr"*$»
g 5'* pf i,^::::* !4 gsa5^» 1 :::: 1 p
&S. K':::::!§S BrE^gs
N Y N H & H..234 Mohawk Ji£
Fltchburg P fd....l4« Old Dominion ?n^
Union Pacific ...102% Osceola .? '~j r?,v,
Me ? i Central 27%jParrot . * $>
Miscellaneous— Qulncy . . ' " "12?
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 04% I Mo K'& Tex 25«
Cons for acct..94 13-161 Do pfd ..?f"" Uk
Anaconda 5% N Y Central. . " ua&.
At D O i8 P 7d ::::".::^ &\g^Mi
KA3^::?S5 &ern & R^yS^
Oies & Ohio 47%). Do pfd'. . . . . . . * 97W
Chicago G W. . . . . 27%. Southern Paclflc. / 06%,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 11 •
Alice 45 Ontario ....:* " 8 il
Breece 50 Ophir . ? ?X
Brunswick Con.. 11 ' Phoenix iX
Com Tunnel .... 05% Potosi ... * VS.
Con Cal & Va..l 45 Savage 7,
Deadwood Terra. 25 Sierra Nevada"* H
Horn Sliver ...140 Small HopeV " 40
Iron Silver 70 Standard V 3 \k
LeadviHe Con... 05 .«"..... ..J 35
MINING STOCKS.
U S ref 2s reg... 109% Hocking Val 4Us line
Do coup 109% L & Nunl 4s 102 V
U S 3s reg 108% Mex Central 4s ' 84 *
Do coup 108% Do lat lnc %%v
US new 4s, reg.. 137% Minn & St L'ii'.'.lM^
Do coup ......137% M K & T 4s lorv
U S old 4s reg. . .111% Do 2nds 2V
Do coup 111% N Y Cent l8ts!"lO4V4
US 5s reg 105% Do B en 3%s 100V
Do coup ... 105% Northern Pac 4s" 103%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103 Do 3s i!2 %
Do adj 4s 93 Nor & w'coii'iB* ~%v
Ba A l £. Ohl ° 48 -- 102 yj Read ser . 4s . 09V
Do 3%s 96% S L & I M e 5s lYflaT
Do conv 4s....lO7%jS L4SP4
Canada So 2nds.".108 St U SW lsts h«i/
Cent of Ga Ss....!^ Do 2nds T/.W. 85%
Do 1st inc 85 S A & A P 4s mS
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% So Pacific 4s 95V
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84 So Railway 5s' ' 'l23 K
C B & Q new 4s. 05% Tex & Pac lsts" 121
C M & St P g 4s.ll6% T St L &W £ as
™\ f p «» Union p ac Vfiiiol
l^ K 1 & r 4s.... 112 Do conv 4s inci/
CCCiSLj 4s.lO4% Wabashlsts' "/ " 'ns^
Chi Term 4s 88% Do 2nds . no-v
Colo & So 4s 95% Do deb B -«~
D & R G 4s.... 104% West Shorf"4s'""ll! S
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% W & L E 4s Wu.
Do gen 4s 87% Wis Central "in" oi %
F W & D C lsts.114 Cont Tob 4s.;?:: 66
CLOSING BONDS.
Express Companies — '
Adams , 2C0
American ..... 220
United States 116
Wells Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 14,000 06% fi5« 65%
Amer Car & Found 2,000 30% 29% 30
Amer C & F pfd.. 600 89% 88% 88%
Amer Linseed Oil.. 100 24% 24% 24%
Amer Loco 1.000 32 31 31 ">£
Amer Loco pfd 3,500 92 K 91% 92 VI
Amer Smelt & Ref. 2,500 4t%- 44 44 5(,
Amer S & Ref pfd 1,000 95V4 95 94%
Anaconda Min Co.. 500 112 110% 111
Brooklyn Rapid T. 7,400 66% 64% G6%
Colorado Fuel & I 17,400 in?, 100% 102%
Consolidated Gas .. 1,900 223 14 222% 222%
Con Tobacco pfd... 800 119% 119 lift*/-
General Electric . . 400 323 321 - 325
Hocking Coal .... . 400 10% 18% 19%
International Paper 500 21 20% 20%
Inter Paper pfd... 400 75 73% 73%
Inter Power 90'
Laclede Gas 87
National Biscuit .. 200 49% 49% 49
National Lead .... 2,100 . 19 18% 18%
North American .. 2.000 123 119 121%
Pacific Coast c>G
Pacific Mail 1,200 41 38% 39
People's Gas 1,900 103% 102% 10n«
PreFsed Steel Car.. 1,600 45% 44% 45
Pre«ed Steel C pfd 700 83% 83% 83 W
Pullman Pal Car 235
Republic Steel ... 1,400 18 17% 10
Republic Steel pfd. 1,100 73% 72% 73
Sugar 20,400 12S% 120% 127 v'
T€nn Coal & Iron.. 14,900 03% G5K eiu,
Union B & P Co... 600 16 l!i2 iku.
Union B & P Co pfd 100 S2*4 ' 8"u. en
U S Leather 3,295 13 l^.v jot/,
U S Leather pfd 1,500 84 83% S3%
U S Rubber 100 10% U% 16y,
U S Rubber pfd ' * l^ 3
U S Steel 33,700 41% 46% 40%
U S Steel pfd 16.300 91% 00% 91 U
Western Union .... 1.C00 91% 90% 91*
Chgo, Ind & Louis. 8,600 74% 71 73%
Chgo Ind & L pfd 84
Chgo & East 111 164 !
Chgo & G western. 9,300 28 Vi 26% 27%
Ghgo & G W A pfd 10U 88- 88 87%
Chgo & G W B pfd. 100 47 47 , 4ti%
Chgo & Nwes.tern.. 1,200 280 255 ' 257
Chgo, R I & Pac.. 1,200 175 173% 174%
Chgo Term & Tran 700 20 1«% 20
Chgo T & T pfd... 3,300 37% 36 36%
C, C C & St L. 800 . 101% 103% 103%
Colo Southern 2,800 29% 28% 29
Colo So 1st pfd 100 72 72 71%
Colo So 2d Dfd 1,800 43. 41 42%
Del & Hudson 4,500 174 171 173%
Del. Lack & W.... 600 279 . 276%/ 270
Denver & Rio Gr.. 800 42 42 42 Yi
Denver & R G pfd. 1,200 Ul «0% 90%
Erie : 2,300 • 36% 35% 36%
Erie, let pfd 1.900 (58 V* 68 «8
Erie 2d pfd 2,800 53% 53 52%
Great North pfd... 100 184% 184% 183
Hocking Valley.... 200 82 82 82%
Hocking Val Dfd... 500 ' 91 90% 90%
Illinois Central 7,500 152% . 150% 151
Iowa Central 2,400 4« 44% 45%
Iowa Central Dfd.. 400 85 84 84
K C Southern 1,100 26 25 25%
K C Southern pfd. 2,800 58 66% 57%
Lake Erie & Wstrn 200 «5% 65 65%
Lake Erie & W pfd 120
Louisville & Nash. 33,500 139% 133 13S%
Manhattan Elev... 14,900 132% 130% 131%
Metropolitan St Ry 200 150 148% 149%
Mexican Central... 2,000 28% 27% 27%
Mexican National.. 6,700 18% 17% 18%
Minn & St Louis • .... Ill
Missouri Pacific... 15,700 99% 98% 99%
Mo, Kans & Tex.. 1,200 25 24% 25
Mo, K & Tex pfd.. 1,500 56 55% 55%
New Jersey Central 100 188 188 1SS
New York Cent 8,400 159 157% 158%
Norfolk & Western 2,100 67% 57 57%
Norfolk & W pfd 90
Ontario & Western 6,500 33 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 30,800 150 148% 149
Reading 99,300 64% 62% 63'
Reading 1st pfd... 2,400 83% 83 S3
Reading 2d pfd 17,700 08% 67%' 6S%
St Louis & S F.... 1.000 68% 67% 68
St L & S F 1st pfd 83%
St L & S F 2d pfd 2,700. 72 70% 71%
St Louis Southwstn 600 27% 27 26%
St Louis Swstn pfd 300 59% 58% 5S'4 .
St Paul 43,100 169% 16S 169U
St Paul pfd 300 ¦ 189%
Southern Pacific... 31,000 65% 64% 65%
Southern Railway. 31.000 3C% 35% 36%
So Railway pfd.... 2,400 95% 94% 95%
Texas & Pacific... 4,900 41% 40% 41
Toledo. St L & W. 200 21% 21% 21%
Tol. St L & W pfd 2.500 37% 36% 37%
Union Pacific 42.700 102% 101% 102%
Union Pacific pfd.. 2,100 87% 86% 87
Wabash 5,500 26% 26% 26%
Wabash pfd 8,500 45 43% , 45
Wheel & Lake E.. 1,100 21% 20% 21%
Wheel & L E 2d pfd 300 35 35 35
Wisconsin Central. 4.000 25% 24% 25%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 300 47% 47% 47%
LONDON, May 6.— Consols. 94 15-16. Silver,
23%d. French rentes, lOlf 12%c@101 f 10. Car
goes on passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. . 1
Standard California, 29s 9d; English country
markets, generally Is dearer; import into U. K. f
K., wheat, 245,000 quarters; Import into U. K.,
flour, 138,000 barrels; wheat and flour on pas
sage to U. K., 4,400,000; wheat and flour on
passage to. Continent, 1,720,000. >
LIVERPOOL, May" 6.— WHEAT— Steady ;
No. 1 Standard California, 6s 4%d@6s 6d;
wheat in Paris, barely steady; flour in Paris,
quiet; French country markets, quiet and
steady; weather In England, showery.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 3-16d.
Foreign Markets.
London Market.
NEW YORK, May 5. — Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram »ays : These
markets were quiet and inclined to be dull.
Funds weakened on the announcement of a
new $2,500,000 Indian 3 per cent loan. There
was very little local business in the American
department, but the tone was heavy' on the
possibility of a strike In the coal region and
the stock brokerage failures In New York. That
market sold Eries, Readings, Union Pacific and
Atchison. full point down, while Canadian Pa
cific lost. Money was easier.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 5. — To-day's statement
of the treasury balances shows: Available cash
balance, $186,884,980; gold, $94,535,376.
NEW YORK, May 5.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday,- May 3, as complied by, the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 38,328,000 bushels," decrease 2,121,000;
corn, 6,243,000 bushels, decrease 645,000; oats,
2,930,000 bushels, decrease 184,000; rye, 1,611,^
000 buBhels. decrease 225,000; barley, 993,000
bushels, decrease 139,000. :
Available Grain Supply.
Afternoon Session.'
300 Belcher 08 300 Hale & Nor.. 29
600 Caledonia ... 42 200 Mexican 61
100 Caledonia ... 43 200 Ophir 182',
100 Caledonia ... 45 200 Ophir X 90
300 Chollar 16 100 Sierra Nev... 2S
600 Chollar 17 150 Silver Hill... 50
150 C C & Va..l my, 200 Silver Hill... 51
200 Crown Point. 07 200 Union Con... 29
300 Gould & Cur. 18
Morning' Session.
400 Best & Bel... 25, 200 Ophir .....1 SZV,
300 Chollar 16 200 Savage 13
300 C C & V*....l 60 200 Sierra Nev... 27
200 Mexican 58 i 200 Yel Jacket... 13
300 Ophir 1-751
The following "were the sales in th« Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia ... 44 500 Overman .... 21
100 Caledonia j-. 43 2C0 Potosi 24
100 Confidence ... 62 200 Savage 12
600 Hale & Nor.. 19 300 Sierra Nev... 2»J
100 Mexican C2 100 Silver Hill... K2^
700 Mexican 6S 500 Union Con. . . 3O '
300 Ophir 1 85j 300 Union Con... 31
60 Ophir 1 S0[
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ,13@14c ror Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 20@l 50; Goslings, ¦< $2@2 25; Ducks, $4 50
@5 for old and $5 50@8 for young; Hens, $3 50
@4 60; young Roosters, $6@7 60; old Roosters,
$3 75@4; Fryers, $4 50@5 60; Broilers, $3 50®
4 50 for large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
$3; White Geese $1@1 50; Brant, $1 25 for
small and $2 for large; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50.
« Receipts of Game were 20 sacks. J Hare was
dull at a wider range. .Geese and English Snipe
wore higher. . ' . .
Receipts of California Poultry were Insigni
ficant and prices for all descriptions were un
changed. Two cars of Eastern Hens, which
arrived last week, were placed on. the market
and sold slowly at $5 50@6 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, May • 5.— The cotton market
opened steady with prices 2 to 8 points hlghsr
and closed steady, net 5 to 9 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-1 6
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, *.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85e;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 60c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
6c per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
!rc cases. 22%c; Benzine, In bulk. 14%c; in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 20HC.
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
"61c In drums and iron barrels.
OIL— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
<0c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 6Sc for
boiled and 66c for raw, in barrels ; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 95c; cases. $1;
China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
«5c. Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per
gallon; Fish Oil. barrels. 42%c; cases. 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 30.
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 60; Greta. $8; Walls
end. $S 50; Cc-operative Wallsend. $S 50; Cum
berland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. — ; Welsh Anthra
cite. $14; Canncl, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
¦in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton.
according to brand. -0% - • k. . • •
' BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln,. 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Tw!ne/7%®8c
General Merchandise.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Flurry in a minor group of Wall-street stocks.
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet and featureless.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat futures lower and Barley futures higher.
Oats firm, with minors of export orders.
Corn strongly held at previous prices. Rye still dull. ¦
Bran advanced 50c. Middlings and Hay unchanged.
Continued shipping demand for Beans.
Butter steady: Cheese weak and Eggs firm. ¦
Some contracts for new drkd Apricots reported.
Expected advance in Cured Meats not yet realized.
New York looking for a squeeze in Lard.
Hops quiet, with fine crop prospects.
Mutton in better supply and easier. Other Meats unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions firmly held. Vegetables dull.
Two cars of Eastern poultry marketed.
Oranges and Lemons still dull. Bananas firm.
NEW YORK, May 5. — Money on call strong
at G@20 p«r cent, closing offered at 6 per cent.
Prime Mercantile Paper, 4%@5% per cent.
Sterling exchange weaker, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 87%®4 87% for demand
and at $4 85%@4 85% for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 86 and 4 S8%@4 89. Commercial bills.
$4 84V6@4 85&. Bar allver, 60%c. Mexican
dollars, 41c.
Government bonds steady; State bonds Inac
tive; railroad bonds irregular.
Netv York Money Market.
Chi M & St P.... 173 »i 1 Union Pacific 104^
Den & Rio G 43*4 Do pfd 90
Do pfd 03M U S Steel 41%
Erie *,...... 87% Do pfd 93
Do 1st pfd C9% Wabash ... . . 28
Do 2d pfd :. 55^ Do pfd .44
Illinois Central... 156% Spanish Fours 78%
Louis & Nash. ."..13.7%
Bar Silver dull, 23%d per ounce.
Money, 2#@2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market fir
Short Bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market f » r
Three Months Bills Is 2& per cent. :
NEW YORK, May 5. — The local metal mar
ket for tin was steady with spot closing at
$28 25@28 30, which is a slight recession In
values. - Business was slow. At London j prices
fell off 2s 6d for spot and 5s for futures, with
spot at £130, 10s and futures at £126 12s 6d.
Copper was somewhat irregular here, but
closed with prices generally a - shade . better,
¦with standard, spot, to August at $U@11 25;
Lake spot $11 75@12; electrolytic,. $11 62V4@
11 75, and casting $11 50® 11 .75. The London
market was 2s 6d higher with spot and futures
at £52 17s 6d. ' ' :
Lead ruled "steady and unchanged here at
*%c and London Is 3d lower at £11 12s 6d.
Spelter was 2V, points lower here at $4 40.
London was 2s 6d higher at £18 7s 6d.
The local iron market' was steady and un
changed with pig iron warrants nominal. No/
1 foundry Western $19@20; No. 2 foundry
Northern, $18@19; No. 1 foundry .Southern,
$17 50@18; No. 1 foundry Southern soft. $lf50
@18. . , - .
The English markets were easier with Glas
gow at 63s 8d and Middlesboro at 48s 4&d.
New York Metal Market.
lambs 10@15c lower. : Good to choice wethers,
$5 50@6 18; choice nilxed, $4 75@5 50; West
ern sheep, $2 55@6 15; Native lambs, $4 75®
6 60; Western Iambs, ?5 25@6 55; Colorado
lambs, wooled on top, $7.. . -
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6% 9
6%c; 200 lbs and over, <i@6&c; feeders, 6®
6%c; sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off. and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 10<gllc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%<39%c per lb.
. . LIVESTOCK MARKET.
" The following quotations are for, good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco., less 30
per cent shrinkage for cattle: ¦¦
CATTLE — Steers. SV>&0c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4®5e per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4@4%c; Ewes. 3)£@4c per
lb (gross weight). • . ¦
¦ LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5<g5%c per lb livewelght; yearlings, *Vi
@5c per lb. ¦ ' .
- VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$2 25 per box. $1 75@2 for No. 1 and SI 25@
1' 60. for. No. 2; Rhubarb, 50@65c per box; ex
tra fancy. 75c@$l; Green Peas, 75c@?l per
pack and lc - per lb to the canners: String
Beans, from • Los Angeles, 8@12%c per lb, in
cluding Wax; Cabbage, 60@65c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes. $1 25@2 25 ppr.box and crate;
Mexican . Tomatoes, - $1 • 25<g;l 75 per box for re
packed; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb: Los An
geles do. 13#17V4c; Carrots. 75c per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers, 50@75c per dozen for small
and $1(0)1 25. for large; Garlic. 2@3c: Los:An
peles Green Peppers, 15c; ' Mexican- do, S
<H>10c;Egg Plant, from Los Angeles, 15@17^c;
Summer Squash, from Los Angeles. $1@1 50;
Marrowfat Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, . $15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONS— Nevadas, $2 50@2 75; Australian,
$3 50@3 75, second hands; new red, 75c@$l per
sack: Green Onions, 25@35c per box; Silver
skins, 75c@$l per box. . .-
Receipts of Vegetables were moderate, but
the market was "dull* as usual on Monday. As
paragus was quoted lower, but other new vege
tables showed little. variation. Changes In Los
Angeles vegetables .were slight. ••'•".
POTATOES— New Potatoes, l%@2^c per lb;
old, $1 60<S!l 75 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon \ Burbanks, $1 75@2 15; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. $1 60@l 75; River Reds, $1 30@l 35;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 60@l 65: Oregon Bur
banks. for seed, 1 $1 35@1 65; Sweets, $2 25 for
Merced. ; ' . ¦ . - . . • ¦• - ,
If. 'dull' at lower" figures. | Receipts of new red
were light, but prices showed no improvement.
There were no green ¦'. received . and the
tions are for carried-over stock.- ' . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
"William H. Chapman (trustee) and George
T. "Wright (guardian estate Mary I*. K. B.
Yarde-Buller, incompetent) (owner) with West
ern Iron Works (contractors), architect Charles
GetMes — Wroughtlron work for alterations and
additions to make a four-story and basement
brick building on S"W corner of Pino and Bat
tery streets, 45:9 on Battery by 97:6 on Pine;
$1250.
Same owner with Samuel T. Thomson (con
tractor), architect same — "Wood and brick work.
plastering, plumbing-, glazing and setting of
cas-tlron for same on same; $5950.
James H. Helms (owner) with Hennlng P.
Otten (contractor), architect *. Lumber
plastering, plumbing, painting and cement side
walk for a one and one-half-story and base
ment frame cottage on E line of Shcth avenue.
200 3 of California street.* 25x120; $2375
|- Thomas A. Drlscoll (owner) with Globe En
gireerlng: Company (contractors). Shea & She*
architects — Heating plant for a six-story brick
building on SE corner of Fourth and Clementina
streets, S 50. E 70, S 10, E 40, N 60, S Xlff^
• Same owner with" Electrical Constructs
Company (contractors*, architect same Elec
trical work fof^same on same; $1C9O
Same owneis.wlth Nickels & MCKenna (con
tractors), architects same— Painting graining,
etc. for same on same; $17S0
Same owner with Floodberg & McCafferty
(contractors), architects same — Plastering and
lathing for same on same; $3750
Same owner with B. S. Harris (contractor),
architects same — Asphalt and felt rooflng for
same on same; *2S0. • •
B. A. Daly (owner) with A. H. Wilhelm
(contractor), architect C. A. MeussdorfTer — All
work except mantels, shades, gas fixtures and
electrical work for a three-story frame build
ing and alterations to a frame building (stores
and flats), on lot on S line of Ellis street. S?:6
W of Jones. "W.50 by S 137:6; $14,841.
G. R. Graves (owner) with Bletch & Lansing
(contractors), architect J. E. Krafft — All work
except plumbing, gas fitting and painting for
a three-story frame building with basement
(stores and flats) on lot on SE corner of Va
lencia and Seventeenth streets. S 50 by E 100:
.$14.1S5...
Same owner with Schanz & Grundy (contrac
tos), architect same — Sewering, plumbing and
gas flttine for same on same: $2025.
Annie Hunker (owner) with A. Oaccia (con
tractor), architect .Nathaniel Blaisneli— All
work except plumbing, gas fitting and tiling,
gas and electric fixtures, mantels and facings,
trimming hardware and shades for a three
story frame building with rousrh basement
(three flat*) on lot on S line of Post street 27
E of Steimr S 75. W 27. N 75. E 2.: $S.«O
C. A. Malm & Co. (owners) with A. Me-
Elroy (contractor), architect Thomas J. Welch I
—All work for three-story and basement framfvj
mill with concrete foundation on lot on N lln»
of Eighteenth street. 10O E of Folsom, N 123,
E 57:6%. S 125. W P5:0*i: $,J5137.
Same owners with same contractor, archi
tect same— All work for tank frame to be used
¦in connection with trunk factory now being
erected on lot on NE corner of Eighteenth and
Folsom streets, also extending two lire escapes
on name on E line of Folsom street. 125 N ot
Elrhte*nth, E 1C0, S 123, W 100. N 123;
C 1 A I f\ Kf .- >-
8
AUCTION SALES
Sale of Thoroughbreds !
?», On Tu ? sda y. May 6. at 11 a. m.. I will sell
ln * S re »t »take winners VOHICEP. WILLIAM
ACK and EARL W. At the same time (by
n^ T xT°^J he Court) the following: RIO CHI-
M T O^.? RITO - IRMA A - G^'S ABERCROM-
3IE. JOSIE H and MIMI. besides the magni-
ncent untried two-year-old filly REVOLT by
v . La r Io -Anarchy. Also saddles. blankets,
roods, brtdles. etc. This Is a rare chance to get
god money winners that are In perfect condi-
£« O .- n ™ O .F CIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
2i5 Third gt. WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SPl'.E.
, Wednesday. May 7. we will sell at auction
**.. 7 . Seventh st.. the contents of one 8-roonj
loclffing-house, as carpets, bending, stoves. lac»
curtains, chairs, tables, kitchen utensils, etc..
on account of tearing down the house. Mc-
BP.IDE & CO.. Auctioneers. 735 Market st.
fv_^ I will sell next TUESDAY. *v
May 6. 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsom V 7 *
st.. 20 horses, all styles cjmp. peddling and
express wagons, harness and 40 styles of busl-
ness and rubber tire buggies.Will Now Control Lighting of
Two Counties.
United Gas and Electric Company
A deal was closed yesterday by which
the United Gas and Electric Company
acquired the interests of the Consolidated
Light and Poer Company, the San Jose
Light and Power Company and the Elec
tric Improvement Company of San Fran
cisco and San Jose, the price being placed
at $1,500,000.
The purchasers by this deal have gained
complete control of all lighting and power
business in San Mateo and Santa Clara
counties. ¦
The new owners will make many im
provements, among which will be the lay
ing of a main for distribution of gas be
tween San Jose and San Mateo. All the
electric power will be supplied by the
Standard Electric Company.
J. E. Green, president of the United Gas
arid Electric Company, and C. • W. Mc-
Afee, president of the Electric Improve
ment Company, have confirmed the story
of the sale. The plans of improvements
have been figured out and the necessary
work wlil begin soon.
Smashed Valuable Windows.
J. M. Wood, a salesman, while under
the influence of liquor early yesterday
morning, threw a brick through the plate
glass window in Nolan's shoe store, 10)24
Market street, and another through the
window of the Columbia Suit Company's
store next door. He was arrested by Po
liceman Fraher on a charge of burglary,
but when the case was called In ; Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday the charge was
changed to malicious mischief ! and the
case continued till this morning. . . " • •'
Zaragosa Club Celebrates.
Mayor E. E.' Schmitz was the .central
figure at the celebration of the Zaragosa
Club held last night at Washington
square Hall in honor of the victory o^
that doughty general at Puebla on May
5 1862. He was introduced by Judge A. B.
Treadwell, and related during his dis
course many historical episodes.;' An in
teresting programme of musical and liter
ary exercises followed, dancing conclud
ing the evening's pleasure. . .
STOCKTON, May ' 5.— Rufe \ Turner
knocked out Tim Hegarty, of Australia in
the last of the seventh o-ound to-night in
a hurricane fight in which the loser had
none the worst of it until he was put to
sleep He was the aggressor from start
to finish and was not afraid to mix it at
any time. He showed that he has a hard
punch and is a great ring general. After.
Hegarty had sent in a half-dozen blow* in
the seventh and was forcing the fighting,
Turner caught him with a left jolt on the
stomach and a right cross to the jaw,
which made it "curtains." • /
Turner Knocks Out Hegarty,
WASHINGTON, May 5.— The following
Californians arrived here to-day and reg
istered as follows: At the National, J. V.
Young and J. D.- Brown and wife of San
Francisco; at the Willard. W. Metcalf of
Berkflev: at the Arlington, 11. C. Camn
bell of San Francisco. v
Californians in Washington.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., May 5.— W.
W. Ferguson, one of the judges, at th«
school election In Victor, was arrested to*
day on a charge of stuffing the.ballot
box. Half a dozen persons claimed to
have witnessed -the casting of Illegal bal
lots, but Ferguson protested his lnmv
cence.
Judge Stuffs Ballot-Box.
CITY COMPANY MAKES
BIG LIGHTING DEAL
ST. JOSEPH* Mo., May 5.— No game to-day
on account of rain. ¦
KANSAS. CITY. May 5.— Kansas City-Den
ver game postponed; wet grounds. '
MILWAUKEE. May 5.— Milwaukee 2 Oma
ha 10. .¦ v ¦
WESTERN ASSOCIATION.
Wednesday evening was set as the time
for the investigation. Miller . gave the
names of his witnesses and they are to be
summoned by th» Oitv Clerk. . He h^s
more than 100 wlt(nes«es, including. John
D. Mackenzie. Jan.ca w. hea, the mem
bers of tne Police and Fire Commission
and a number of gamblers. Frank Cheek
wno is alleged to have collected "protec
tion" money from the gamblers and who
is named as one of Miller's chief wit
nesses, has disappeared.
To the Honorable Mayor and Common Coun
cil: I hereby emphatically deny each and every
charge contained in the' certain document here
tofore filed with your honorable body by one
Henry E. Miller, wherein 1 am charged with
malfeasance in office, and respectfully ask that
a thorough Investigation be immediately or
dered. A.B.MACKENZIE:
May [5, 1902. .
SAN JOSE, May 5.— The charges of ex
tortion and blackmail made against Police
and Fire Commissioner Andrew S. Mac
kenzie and the other members of the com
mission are to be Investigated by the
Mayor and Common Council. This was
decided upon to-night at the request of the
accused Commissioner, who sent the fol
lowing communication to the Council:
CHARGE OF EXTORTION
WILL BE INVESTIGATED
. LONDON, - May ; 5.— Some big ware
houses at the London docks, filled with
wool;, sugar and ' chemicals, were rutted
by fire, this' afternoon. Twenty-two "¦ en
gines were; engaged; but they. were un
able to check the .flames,) until the roof
fell'-, in, 'when .the- danger/ of .'a- furthe*
spread . of •' the conflagration . was ' averted.
Big Warehouses Burned.
• From : Santa Barbara— Mrs. Carter, at
the St. Denis; H. B. Vail, at the Ven
dome. ••'.>.• .:.¦-; ' • , "-- -
-From San Diego— J. H. Gay, at the St.
Denis. : -
From Los Angeles— Miss Clarke, at the
Kensington; P. J. Keeler, at the Everett.
NEW ¦ YORK, May 5.— The following
Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — H. Gray, at the
Imperial; Miss M. 8. Howard, G. A. Moss
and C. E. Mackey, at the Navarre; J.
Armstrong, at the Ashland; J. Buckley.
J. C. Bull and wife, G. F. Whitney and
J. D. Byrnes, at the Cosmopolitan; B.
Conn; at the Belvedere; K. M. Hayden,
at the Astor; S. A. Sarles, at the Herald
Square; Miss A. A. Smith, at the Gllsey;
J. W. Stetson and wife, at the Hoffman:
F. F. Stlnge. at the Marlborough, and
Miss D. Valdez, at the Earlington.
Californians in New York.
HBALDSBURG, May 5. — Francis
George Smith committed' suicide last
night In a cell in the City Jail, during a
fit Of Insanity. Smith, who was 51 years
of age, was a married man, a native of
Germany; and owned a goat ranch in the
mountains twenty-nine miles west of
Healdsburg, where he lived with his wife.
Mrs. Smith came to town on Saturday
and got a warrant for the arrest of her
husband oh a charge of insanity. She then
returned 'home and told her husband that
officers were coming after him. Deputy
Sheriff J. C. Ingalls went after Smith
early yesterday morning. He met Mrs.
Smith on the road several mile3 from her
home. Leaving her there, he proceeded to
the house, and when within 100 yards of
it heard the report of a gun. The officer
hurried into> the house and found one
room full of powder smoke, but Smith
had lied. Following fresh tracks in the
grass which led into a deep canyon a half
mile away, he discovered Smith behind
some brush,, a large bjitcher knife* In his
hand and the blood running from his neck
and left wrist. The officer drew his pistol,
which was not loaded, and ordered Smith
to drop his knife. Smith begged him not
to shoot and readily surrendered.
Ingalls brought the insane man to town,
placing him in a cell in the City Jail.
When the cell was entered this morning
it was found that Smith had made
another : and this time a successful at
tempt to shuffle off this mortar coll. The
iron - bedstead in the cell is fastened to
the wall on either end by a slack chain.
Smith used the slack in one of these
chains to make a half hitch around his
neck, and then dropping on his knees suc
ceeded In strangling himself.
gles Himself With Chain
From a Bedstead.
ENDS HIS LIFE IN CELL
OF HEALDSBURCr JAIL
Rancher Arrested for Insanity Stran-
R. H. E.
Washington 5 0 1
Philadelphia 7 11 0
Batteries — L«e and Drill; Wiltz, Kenna and
Powers.
BOSTON. May 5. — Winters shut out Balti
more until the ninth inning of to-day's game,
v.-hen he eased down and was hit for two sin
gles, which; with a pass and two bad errors,
enabled the visitors to score twice. Attend
ance, 32CO. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston . 5 0 3
Baltimore 2 7 3
Batteries — Winters and Warner; Hughes and
Robinson. . .
PHILADELPHIA, May 5. — The home club
won from Washington to-day. Wilt* was bat
ted freely in the first inning and Kenna was
substituted. He held the visitors down to five
hits. Attendance, 2400. Score:
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Parade in the Morning and Literary
Exercises in the Evening Is
the Present Programme.
At a meeting of the committee repre
senting the Grand Army of the Republic
BCd citizens held last night at the Call
crnia Hotel Major Hugh T. Sime was
ippoSnted grand marshal and S. M.
3hortrldg-e orator. It was decided to have
a procession in the morning, commenc
ing at the Palace Hotel, at 11 o'clock-'
i ne route selected embraces Market
.-ireet and Golden Gate and Van Ness
avenues. All the military bodies in the
city have been invited to participate, and
en acceptance from each is expected.
Orators will be selected for the exer
cises at the National and other cem
eteries where He the bones of the soldier
dead.
The commitee which has charge of the
celebration will meet again on Monday
night to further perfect the details. It
is composed as follows:
A. Andrewe, G. W« Arbuckle, T. E>. Bam
>t*ad, H. P. Bush, N". P. Chipman. Charles
Edelman, Charles L. Field. C. J. Handley, A.
a. Hawes, R. E. Houghton. J. C. Innes. A. S.
Isaa.cs. F. E. Meyers, T. E. Prendergast, W.
J. Ru*l<i!ck, General E. S. Salomon. S. M.
Bhortridge, H. T. Sime, I. Upham, Horace
Wilson and E. W. Woodward.
PLAN BIG CELEBRATION
FOR NEXT MEMORIAL DAY
The Alcazar Company will play the
third act from "Two Escutcheons. Max
ine Elliott and Nat Goodwin will present
the second act from "Av nen We Were
Twenty-one." The Grand Opera-house
will send Edward Harrigan. Florence
Stone and other members of the com
pany; the Orpheum has selected four
good turns to represent the vaudeville
turn; the Central Theater will put forth
clever Georgie Cooper, who will render
vocal selections with the aid of pickan
innies; the Tivoli will send Hartman,
Cashman. Webb and some of the chorus.
The performance wilr begin at 1 o'clock-'
The advance sale of seats for the Act
or's Home fund opened at the Columbia
Theater yesterday and the number of
tickets disposed of Is an excellent assur
ance that there will be a large attendance
at the playhouse next 'xnursday after
noon. Every theater in town will be rep
resented. Theater-goers have taken a
deep interest in the affair, and will turn
out in force. The money taken in wm
be sent to New York as San Francisco's
contribution to the worthy cause. The lo
cal theatrical managers are striving to
have this sum very large, as it will speak
volumes for the generosity of Callfor
nians.
Handsome Addition on Thurs
day Next.
Actors' Home Fund Will Receive a
ADVANCE SALE FOR THE
BENEFIT IS VERY LARGE
HAMBURG — Arrived May 6 — Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from N^w York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 6— Stmr Cymric,
from New York.
LONDON— Arrived May fr— Stmr MlnneaDO
dis. from New York. .- ¦-
GLASGOW— Sailed May 3— Stmr Carthagea-
BREMEN— Sailed May 5 — Stmr Friederich
der Oroase. for New York, via Southampton.
CHERBOURG — Sailed May 5 — Sunr Klaut
schou. from Hamburg and Southampton, for
ma«» "York
PLYMOUTH — Sailed May 5— Stmr Gr»f
Waldersee, from Hamburg, for New York.
SAGRES— Passed May 5— Stmr Hohenaol
lern. from New York, for Gibraltar. Naplet
an HAVRl£-Arrlved May . 5— Stmr La Ga«
cogne. from New York. »'-«. A , ,.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 5— Stmr Lahit.
from Genoa. Naples and Gibraltar; stmr Bovic.
Southampton - sailed May s - stmr
Friederich der Grosae. from Bremen, for »>ew
Ycr 1 '
SHIMONOSEKI— 8alled May 3— Stmr Hy
son, from Glasgow and Liverpool, via Hong
kon. Shanghai and Yokohama, for SeatUa.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA. B C — Arrived May & — Scir
Beatrice, with 137 skins; schr Borealla, 02
skins; stmr Queen, from Skagway; Br baxfc
Holywood. from Liverpool.
Sailed May 5— Br stmr Empress of China,
for Hongkon*. ¦
FOREIGN PORT
SAILED.
Monday, May 5.
Stmr W H KruBcr. Ahlln. .
Stmr Del Norte. Green. Crescent City.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. Eureka.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr William Olsen. schr Roy Somers and
schr Queen. DOM£STIC pORTg _
SEATTLE— Sailed May 5— Stmr City of To
peka. for Skagway; «tmr Chico. for Candle
Creek. May 4— Stmr Edith, for San Fraa
° ¥oRT BLAKELEY— Arrived May &— Schr
Fannie Dutard. bence April 1». \
EUREKA— Arrived May &— Stmrs Sant»
Ana, Eureka and Alliance, hence May 4.
Late Snipping Intelligence.
Fitzsimmons refused to venture a guess
on who would win the Ruhlin-Snarkey
contest. , ' ' -
OMAHA, Neb.. May 5.— Robert FiU
slmmons, accompanied by his family,
passed through this city to-day en route
to San Francisco. Fitzsimmons said he
was going West in order to .be on the
ground and be in a position to better take
care of his own Interests. He said: "If
I can't settle for a fight with Jeffries, I
will go to England and take on the winner
of the Sharkey-Ruhlin Derby-day match,
for a battle to occur during coronation
week. . ' '
FITZSIMMONS AiNXIOUS
. FOR ANOTHER BATTLE
H. J. Edwards, the present general
manager of the Electrical Improvement
Company, is slated for local manager of
the new corporation.
The new owners plan to combine the
various electric and gas plants In this
city into one huge affair. In addition they
will erect a ?2o0,000 '• electric distributing
station in this city, as well: as lay a largo
gas main from. San Jose up the west side
of the bay to supply all the towns af
fected bv the deal. In short, the operat
ing headquarters of the huge enterprise
is to be located here.
SAN JOSE, May 5.— Upon the authority
of the executive officers of -the interested
corporations it is announced that both
the San Jose Light and Power Company
and the Electric Improvement Company,
the local lighting enterprises, have passed
into the control of the United Qas and
Electric Company of San Francisco.' The
consideration involved is $1,250,000, of
which $700,000 goes to the Improvement
Company. The deal is on a cash basis,
the new owners paying cash for all the
offered stock of each corporation. In the
merger is included the Consolidated Light
and Power- Company, the present owners
of the lighting interests in all the towns
in Han Mateo County. The Palo Alto,
Menlo Park and Mountain View plants
£irfe Included under separate purchase.
BUYS SAN JOSE POWER
-AND LIGHTING PLANTS
Report of Emergency Hospital.
Chief Surgeon Edwin Bunnell has just
prepared a compilation of work done by
the physicians attached to the ErrW
gency Hospitals during the month of May
for the information of the . Board of
Health. There were 362 patients treated
at the Harbor Hospital and 421 at the
general Emergency Hospital, without tak
ing into consideration women and chil
dren who received medical advice and
temporary treatment not of an urgent na
ture. . .v..-.
Batteries — Malarkey and Ktttredge; Hughes
and Farrell. Umpire — O'Day.
Errors and St. Ixmis Team
Wins the Game.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. May 5.— Cincinnati lost to
day's game mainly on account of errors and
bases on balls. Pitcher Leonard S. Worm
stead has been released by the Cincinnati
club. Attendance. 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 10 3
Plttsburg -. 6_ 11 1
Batteries — Ewing - and Bergen; Leaver and
O'Connor. ¦ Umpire — Emslie.
NEW YORK, May 5.— Four straights from
Philadelphia is the New Torks' record. Mc-
Geo pitched a fine game for Philadelphia with
the exception of a wild pitch in the second,
wh'ch allowed New York to score the only
ran. Attendance. 5100. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 0 8 . 2
New York 1 3 0
Batteries— McGee and Jacklltsch; Kennedy.
Evans and Bowerman. Umpires — Power and
Brcwii.
CHICAGO. May 5. — Chicago's errors were
cortly and figured in all of the visitors' run-
Ettting. After the third inning the hits off
Murphy were confined one to an inning. At
tendance. 1100. Score: . .
R. H. E.
Cricagq .... 2 10 4
St. Louis 5 12 2
Batteries— Eason and Kling; Murphy and
Ryan. Umpire — Cantillon.
NEW YORK, May 5.— After having five suc
cessive defeats marked against them, Brook
lyn defeated BoBton to-day. Hughes held the
Bostons down tor eight Innings, but they suc
ceeded In making a run in the ninth. Attend
ance, 30CO. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 1 8 1
Brooklyn «,. 4 10 1
CINCINNATI RELEASES
PITCHER WORMSTEAD
Chicagos Make Some Very Costly
After the business of the meeting had
been completed refreshments were served
v-r.a the ladies enjoyed a pleasant hour In
social converse and listening to musical
selections.
Mrs. M. C. Sloss was accorded the dis
tinguished honor of being elected honor
ary president. The other officers elected
are: Mrs. Andrew Davis, president; Mrs.
S. M. Marks, vice president; Mrs. S. S.
Kahn, recording secretary; Mamie Voor-
K&r.ger, corresponding secretary; directors
—Mrs. M. C. Sloss, Mrs. M. Costley, Mrs.
Mellisch, Mrs. J. Neustader. Mrs. J.
Brandensteln and Mrs. M. Stein.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco section of the Council of Jewish
Women was held yesterday afternoon in
Temple Emanu-El. The officers of the
council presented their reports, showing
the present condition of the society and
also giving a resume of the work accom
plished during the past year. A com
munication from the peace committee at
Chicago, which is the headquarters of the
council, was received, requesting the local
society to observe the 15th of May.
The officers' reports showed that the
council is in a most flourishing condition.
A very interesting report was presented
by Miss Jessica Peixotto, president of the
Philanthropic Circle, describing the In
vestigations of economic problems which
had been pursued by the circle during the
year. Reports were also read by Mrs. M.
C. Sloss, president of the council; Miss
Mabel Baum, secretary; Miss Mamie
Voorsanger, corresponding secretary and
treasurer pro tem., and' Mrs. Andrew-
Davis of the Bible and ethical depart
ments.
Hear Reports and to Elect
Officers.
Assemble in the Temple Emanu-El to
JEWISH WOMEN HOLD
THEIR ANNUAL MEETING
Flames Cut Them Off From Avenues
of Escape and They Are
Suffocated.
NEW YORK, May 5.— Two persons per
ished and several were injured to-day in
a fire that gutted the building at 304 Pearl
street, occupied by the Eureka Bedding
Company. The dead: *
ANNA BOL.TCHER, 19 years of age.
f JOHN LYNCH.
The injured: Ethel McGrath; burned,
probably fatally; Katie Wadsworth, con
tusions of back and internal injuries, and
Annie Gilroy, sprains and bruises.
The fire started on the first floor near a
pile of stair pads and loose cotton, ap
parently from a lighted cigar or cigarette
stub. The cotton burst into a blaze, the
stair pads were set fire and in an instant
the flames spread throughout the first
floor and mounted upward.
A panic ensued and disregarding the
fire escapes many of the employes jumped
! from rear windows to the roof of an ex
tension. It was in this way that Miss
.Gilroy and Miss Wadsworth were hurt.
The bodies of Miss Boltcher and Lynch
were found on the top floor, death having
resulted from burns and suffocation.
TWO PERSONS PERISH
IN A NEW YORK FIRE
WASHINGTON, May 5.— A large dele
gation appeared before a sub-committee
of the House Committee on Foreign Af
fairs in the interest of the Boers, Dr.vJ.
C. Hexamer of the National German Al
liance speaking first. He described the
heroic struggle of the Boers and urged
the adoption of a resolution asking the
President to communicate with Great Brit
ain an expression of sympathy for the
Boers and expressing the hope that tha
unfortunate differences may be settled.
He said that England at this time would
not take umbrage, being enfeebled with
the war. He said he advocated the reso
lutions as a Republican, and if they were
pigeonholed it would mean the loss of a
million votes for the German Alliance.
Dr. Keyser of the Boer legislative com
mittee said that the Governors of several
States were strongly pro-Boer. Through
Representative W. A. Smith a report of
I. M. de Bruyn was presented on the use
of New Orleans as a base for military
supplies for Great Britain. Others spoke
of the use of American ports as supply
camps for the British army. Representa
tive Smith also urged action by Congress.
Representative ' Sulzer said millions £OT
Americans would approve a resolution of
sympathy.
Representative Adams of the sub-com
mittee, closing the hearing, took excep
tion to the introduction of politics, say
ing no such question was involved. He
said it was not a matter of domestic poli
tics, but international law'.
m
Member of German Alliance Warr.s
Republicans That They May
Lose Votes.
SEEKING SYMPATHY
FOR THE HEROIC BOERS
The following well-known artists will
contribute to the programme: Miss Etta
Welsh, A. Koncovieri. Miss Lillian Wil
son, SIgnor Napolioni, Miss Lily Burns
and William O'Brien; a ladles' orchestra,
composed of Miss Mary Grace, Miss Al
ma Welsh and Miss Lucille Grass.
To-night will be Cork night at the fair
and a record-breaking crowd is expected..
Delegations from the leading Irish socie
ties of the city will be present and the
ladies in charge have spared no pains to
make the affair a great success. Souve
nirs of County Cork will be presented to
all who attend.
President. Mrs. Saunders; Wee president.
Miss M. W. Kyne; secretary. Miss Madge Red
mond; treasurer, Mrs. J. Keenan; dlrectors^-
Miss Kate Campbell. Miss "Lillian Roberts and
Miss McConnick.
The concert was in charge of the fol
lowing ofiHcers of County Wicklow booth:
' Piano solo. Miss Lolo Hart; vocal solo, the
Misses Gardiner; vocal solo. Miss Trade Mar
go; mandolin selection. Professor Graber's
mandolin class of twelve members ; vocal duet,
the Misses Drain; piano solo. Miss Agnes Ray;
vocal eoIo, Miss Anna Cavanaush.
The following programme was rendered
A most interesting musical programme
was given under the auspices of County
Wicklow booth. A large platform was
erected in the center of the pavilion, and
It afforded the crowd a better chance to
see and hear than when the entertain
ments were given in the booths. The dif
ferent numbers were all well received and
were frequently encored.
Mechanics' Pavilion was thronged with
spectators last night and the fifth day of
the Irish Fair proved to be one of the
most successful since its opening. All the
attractions were liberally patronized and
the fair, daughters of Erin who preside
over tbre different booths acted the part
of the' hostesses in a charming manner.
County Cork's Celebration
To-Night.
Elaborate Preparations Made for
1 :20.
Fifth race, four furlongs — Josette won, Agnes
Mack second, Louise Collier third. Time,
:51 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Marcos won, Marshal
Nlel second, Cannerva third. Time, 1:49.
third. Time, 2:19 3-5. j
Fourth rr.ee, nix furlongs — Waring won, Bur
nlo Bunion second, Boney Boy third. Time,
Dixie JAne Is the Winner of the
Throggs Neck Handicap at
Morris Park.
¦ NEW YORK, May 5.— Morris Park results:
First race, selling. Eclipse co« ra n tr P .^. n = e
of Melrose won, Musldora second, Snark thira.
T1^con 1 d 1 rW'ce. last half mile of Eclipse course-
Old Lady won. Showman second, Fitz Brinar
th Third race', 'last 'six and a half furlongs of
Wltber's mile— Stranger won. Clonmel second,
The Hoyden third. Time. 1:22%. ,
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling— The
Referee won. Locket second, Magnetic third.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Fred Ackerman
won Handlcapper second, Ohnet third. Time,
'Sixth race, the Throggs Neck handicap.
Wther's mile— Dixie Line won. Moor second,
Himself third. Time, 1:11%.
ST. LOUIS. May 5.— Fair Grounds results:
Flrrt race" six furlongs, selling — Precisely
won. Florey E S second, Mildred S third. Time,
"Second race, half „ mile— Flying Girl won,
J Sidney Walker second. Grand Shot third.
Time. :62. ,. - • „ „
Third race, five furlongs, gelling — Sinn won,
Zlrl second, Hilee third. Time. 1:04^.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Huntressa won, 1
King Daly second; Hainault third. Time. 1:18.
» Fifth race mile and seventy yards— Brulare
won. Maximum second, Glenwood third. Time,
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, i selling —
Brewer Schorr won. Banquo II second. Miss
Zara third. Time, 1:65H
• LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 5.— Churchill Downs
results :
First race, selling, five furlongs — Premus
won Nannio J second, J J T third. Time,
1:02'.' . . -
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Ly
man Hay won. Bourbon second, Pericles third.
Time, '.Z&Vi.
Third race. Belling, six furlongs — Allyar won,
Dlcsenter second Lafet Night third. . Time,
1:1494. - .
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Glenwater won,
Andy Williams second, J. V. Kirby third. Time,
1:27>4
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Mary
Lerana won. Flora Wllloughby second. Lorina
third. Time, :B5V4.
Sixth raco, selling, five furlongs — M. F. Tar
pey won- Chorus Boy second, John Yerkes third.
Time. l:01«i;
CHICAGO, May 5. — Worth results:
First VB.dk. four and a half furlongs — Dress
won, Boy Wonder second. Good Man third.
Time, 1 :01.
* Second race, six and a half furlongs— Small
Jack won. Pat Morrisscy second, Homage
third. Time. 1:27 3-5.
Third race, mile and - a quarter — Prince
Blazes won. Farmer Bennett second. Miss Liza
RESULTS OF RACES
ON EASTERN TRACKS
The additions to the museum will give
a large area for exhibits that may be
gathered in future years and will allow
the setting up of many collections pur
chased by Mrs. Stanford abroad, wii.ch
have remained unpacked because of a
lack of adequate floor space. ¦ The con
tinuous length of the rear additions to the
museum -will be 650 feet. All of the struc
tures-.will be -constructed of stuccoed
brick and will be two stories in height,
the same as the wings erected two years
ago.
With the completion of the buildings
now under construction and those planned
for the gymnasium, the new library and
the museum' additions, the university will
be finished In accordance. with Mrs. Stan
ford's wishes and plans.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 5.—
The latest announcement in building im
provements for Stanford is that plans
have been drawn by Resident Architect
C. E. Hodges for immense additions to
the university museum. Eight new build
ings are to be added in rectangular shape
at the rear of the present immense struc
ture, in such a manner as to inclose a
large court. This improvement will be
one of the largest and most important in
stituted on the campus this year. Con
tractors are now figuring on the cost of
the buildings and work upon them will
be begun during the summer months.
the Present University"
Museum.
Eight Structures Will Be Added to
MORE NEW BUILDINGS
ON STANFORD CAMPUS
WICKLOW BOOTH GIVES
A NIGHT AT IRISH FAIR
PASADENA. May 5.— A telegram re
ceived to-day suddenly transformed
George A. Dold of this city from a day
laborer into thrice a millionaire. Dold is
a Virginian of English descent, a wan
derer on the face of the globe, but ne
comes of a wealthy family, and for twen
ty years he has been expecting this sum
mons from poverty to riches.
When he got the telegram he was hard
at work carting oranges for the Pasadena
Orange Growers* Association, at $1 50 a
day. He immediately quit work and de
manded his pay. Then he went to the
nearest clothing store and purchased a
suit.
"No more hard work for me," said he.
The estate of which Dold is one of the
heirs is valued at $15,000,000. It comes
from a line of Englishmen, the original
having been Captain Willis of tha French
army, a great-great-great-grandfather of
Dold on his mother's side. The estate
had been entangled In litigation for tha
past score of years, during which time
many heirs had died, leaving as the sola
inheritors on this side of the Atlantic
George A. Dold; his sister, Mrs. Fannie
Sands of Richmond, Va.; another sister,
Mrs. Willis Dold of Richmond; a brother,
Edwin P. Dold of Philadelphia, and a
cousin, Mrs. Thomas S. Dornnln of Nor
folk, Va. Major Sands, Dold's brother-in
law, who Is a lawyer* of Richmond, has
been working on the estate for years and
has won his case. There are several Eng
lish heirs, but It Is said that the $15,000,000
will be divided equally among the nv*
American heirs.
When Dold was asked to-day what he
intended doing with his vast wealth he
laughed and said he guessed he would get
married. He Is 40 years of age and his
parents are dead. His father and mother
owned a fine estate in Richmond at the
time of the war. Dold was for a time a
sailor. He enlisted with the Fourth Uni
ted States Cavalry, troop L, from San
Francisco and went to the Philippines,
where he served fifteen months. He ex
pects to get his money Immediately and
will settle in this city, after visiting rela
tives in the East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wounded— R. S. Porter, major and sur
geon, wounded in thigh, serious; Captain
James T. Moore, wounded in head, seri
ous; Second Lieutenant Albert L. Johns
man, leg, severe; Second Lieutenant Hen
ry S. Wagner, wounded in leg and abdo
men, serious; Sergeant John Wheaton,
wounded in thigh, serious; Sergeant Eu
gene L. McCarthy, wounded in thigh, se
rious; Corporal Henry G. Millington,
mouerately; Frank A. Perry, lung, se
vere;- Cook John Brady, wounded in
shoulder, serious; Arthur Smith, lung, se
vere; Walter F. Cammers, arm, severe;
Everett E. Marshal, wounded in leg above
knee, moderate; Charley Cobb, wounded
In arm, serious; Floyd Croft,
wounded in leg above knee, mod
erate; Robert McCormack, - severely:
Edward W. Blair, legs and wounded in
arm, serious; John O'Donnell, shoulder
and wounded in thigh, serious; Quarter
master Sergeant G. Beckley, cheek,
slight; William H. Brogan, wounded in
thigh, serious; William Brown, wounded
In leg, above knee, serious; George A.
Drear, wounded in lev, above knee, se
rious; John Sullivan, wounded In hand,
slight; William H. Winn, wounded in
arm, moderate; Joseph A*. Adams, face,
slight; Battalion Sergeant-Major Albert
H. Ingold, elbow, severe; Otto P. Avick,
wounded in hand, moderate; Claud Da
mon, wounded in leg, above knee, moder
ate; W. H. Eldredge, wounded in foot,
slight; James P. Smith, wounded in back,
slight; Fred Cross, wounded in hand,
moderate; John Daly, wounded in arm,
serious; Hermidas Viola, wounded in
hand, serious; Peter Sullivan, Company B,
Twenty-seventh Infantry, wounded in leg
above knee, serious;" Joseph Meyers,
wounded in shoulder, serious; James J.
Haley, mortally wounded, since died; Her
bert Chatterton, wounded in leg above
knee, slight, and six other enlisted men,
wounded, names not verified.
Later news: Brigadier General Davis
says Lieutenant Wagner's stomach may
not be penetrated, and Captain Moore had
a very close call, the bullet scarring his
scalp, perhaps making trepanning neces
sary. . : , •
Killed— First Lieutenant Thomas Vick
ers, Twenty-seventh United States Infan
try; Privates James J. McGrath, Com
pany E, Twenty-seventh Infantry; Wil
liam Lorens, Charles E. Reynolds and
John Lagdon, Company G, Twenty-sev
enth Infantry; Alfred J. Callahan, Fred
erick Cornell and Corporal Michael
Goden.
WASHINGTON. May 5.— General Chaf
fee has cabled to the War Department the
following list of casualties at the battle
of Bayan, Mindanao, May 2, which was
described in his dispatches made public
yesterday:
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Real Estate Association, together
with representatives of the co-operating
district associations of real estate men,
held an all-day session in the rooms of the
State Board of .Trade yesterday. C. M.
Wooster, president of the, new organiza
tion, occupied the chair. Vice President
David Bush and all the recently elected
officers were present. N. ¦ P. Chipman,
president of the State Board of Trade, was
in attendance to advise with the real
estate executive committee." . £
The organization grew out of the present
movement to promote the interior counties
and those of the coast and there is sym
pathetic action with the State Board of
Trade. The business of the day largely
consisted of the adoption of a constitu
tion and by-laws. The provisions were in
substantial accord with the suggestions
that proved to be acceptable when the
initial meeting was held in the hall of the
Chamber of Commerce. On no point was
One ofYhe provis'ions of general interest
makes it necessary for any real estate
man 'to secure membership in the local
association situated nearest to his place of
residence as preliminary to the enjoyment
of the privileges of the State organiza
tion. By this plariv only those who make
dealing in real estate their principal busi
ness will be enabled to take share in the
work in view by the California associa
tion. - During the day the by-laws of or
ganization of rear estate d ealera *" ,^e
large cities of the East were consulted
•and the essential features of the Eastern
plans were adapted to local use after
thorough discussion. The action of yes
terday completes the organization of the
new body and puts it in a position to at
once engage in its chosen field.
Please hand this key to my brother, Joseph
Jacobs, room 14, Thurlow Block, 126 Kearny
street. I have nothing to say for publication
except that reverses caused by sickness is my
only reason. I had no trouble with any of my
relatives or outsiders. . :
At 5:30 o'clock on Sunday afternoon he
engaged a room at the Burlington and
mailed a letter to his brother Joseph, in
forming him that he had gone to the Bur
lington for the purpose of committing
suicide and that his body would be found
in his room in the morning. When Jo
seph Jacobs opened his mail yesterday
morning he was horrified on reading his
brother Samuel's letter. He hurried to
the Burlington, and in company with the
clerk entered the room and found the
body of the suicide lying on the bed with
a roll of cotton batting covering his
mouth and nostrils and tied in place with
a linen handkerchief. The batting had
been saturated with chloroform. On the
bureau were a bottle one-quarter full of
chloroform, a kev and a business card,
on the back of which the suicide had
written in pencil:
Samuel Jacobs, . - brother - of Assistant
United States Treasurer Julius Jacobs of
this city, committed suicide last Sunday
night in his room in the Burlington Lodg
ing-house on Market street by inhaling
chloroform. Continued 111 health and con
sequent reverses in business prompted the
rash deed. Samuel had been a partner
with his brother, Joseph Jacobs, in the
business of manufaturers' agents on
Kearny street, but retired from the firm
shortly before he left for Manila. His
health was wrecked in that tropical coun
try and he was obliged to return to this
city. He obtained employment as a book
keeper, but after a half day's attempt
he found that he was not strong enough
to Jift heavy account books and he re
signed. :.. . -
After Judge Troutt announced his de
cision that the court was not prejudiced
and therefore no transfer would U3 grant
ed Attorney • Pence ; moved the court to
postpone the hearing of the petition for
final distribution on the ground that he
intended, to file a suit against some of the
property of the estate.
This announcement caused considerable
surprise and developed, quite an argu
ment. Mr. Wheeler arose after Mr.
Pence took his seat and moved the court
to dismiss Mrs. Craven as a litigant on
the ground that it had already been de
cided that she had no right to the Fair
millions or any portion of them, and on
the further ground that Judge Slack had
already decided that the deeds that Mrs.
Craven held to -the Pine and Sansome
street property and the property at
Twelfth and Mission streets were for
geries. It is over this property that Mrs.
Craven's attorneys intend to bring suit
again. The case then went over until this
morning at 11 o'clock.
Superior Judge Troutt yesterday denied
the motion of the attorneys for Mrs. Net
tie Craven to have the proceedings of
final distribution, and settlement of the
litigation over the estate of James G. Fair
transferred to another department of the
Superior Court. The transfer was re
quested on the ground that Judge Troutt
was biased, and prejudiced against Mrs.
Craven. Affidavits made by Mr. Pence
and Judge Maguire tending io show preju
dice and bias on the part of Judge Troutt
were introduced, and on the other hand
counter affidavits were introduced by the
attorneys of the Fair children tending to
prove the contrary. Considerable argu
ment was indulged in between Pence and
Maguire, representing Mrs. Craven, and
McEnerney and Wheeler for the Fair
children. . ' .
The sand teamsters, who threatened to
go on strike if their demand for an in
crease of wages was not granted, re
ported for duty yesterday to a man. This
action was the result of. an agreement
reached with the contractors by which
the wages of the teamsters will be raised
25 cents a day on the first Monday in Au
gust. The men were in good spirits, and
they tay that the other demands made by
them eventually will be granted. They
are satisfied with the victory gained thus
far.
Fifty suspended members were rein
stated and fifteen new members were ini
tiated. The affairs of the union are in ex
cellent shape.
Boxmakers' Union, No. 152. met last
night and indorsed a new scale of wages
to be presented to the employers next
week. The demands of the union were
not divulged, but it is understood a small
increase in wages and a nine-hour day
will be insisted upon. Mayor Schmitz ad
dressed the union and was the recipient
of considerable attention. His remarks
concerning the manner of conducting
strikes peaceably were greeted with ap
plause.
The fact that the Morton people still
employ non-union drivers is responsible
for the trouble. ' The employes of the Mor
ton company declined to join, the union,
claiming they were being paid better
wages than the union drivers. This con
tention is denied by the union men. who
are in consequence greatly angered at the
Morton drivers. For some time past a
bittc-r feeling has been developing and the
union men now threaten to boycott not
only the Morton company, but any firm
employing the services of that company.
It was reported Jast night that many
retail merchants were warned during the
day not to do business with the Morton
company under penalty of a boycott. An
. official of the company said when inter
viewed that there was no truth in the
story. He intimated that threats of the
kind had been made, but that the com
pany had r^-id no attention to them. He
could give no reason for the reported ac
tion. If it was taken, and moreover he had
no iear of the outcome as far as the busi
ness ol the company was concerned.
The Retail Delivery' Drivers 1 Union has
a grievance against the Morton Special
Delivery which threatens to develop into
a boycott of the latter concern.
The will of Mrs. Susan G. Tevis was
filed for probate with the County Clerk
yesterday. It will be remembered that
Mrs. Tevis was the sole beneficiary of
the will of the late Lloyd Tevis, whose
estate was appraised at approximately
$8,000,000. This entire estate Mrs. Tevis
gave to her children and grand
children during her lifetime with the ex
ception of certain personal property of
the value of about $20,000, and this is the
entire estate to be administred upon by
her executors. In deeding her property
Mrs. Tevis gave to her children the
chare allowed by law. .
By her will the whole estate with the
exception of a few legacies of jewelry
is left to ' her four surviving children,
Harry L. Tevis. William S. Tevis, Mar
garet T. Blanding, wife of Gordon Blancl
irg, and Louise T. Sharon, wife of Fred
erick -W. Sharon, who each receive one
fifth, the remaining one-fifth being left
in trust for Alice Boalt Tevis and Hugh
Tovis, the children of the late Hugh
Tevis, until each child attains the age of
25 years, when such interest is to become
theirs' absolutely. .
Florence L. Breckinridge and John C.
Breckinridge, the two children of Mrs.
Frederick W. Sharon, issue of her first
marriage, who were adopted by Mrs,
Tevis, ara considered for all the purposes
of the will as the children of Mrs.
Sharon, the same as though they had
never been adopted.
Harry L. Tevis and William S. Tevis
are named in the will as executors, and
also as trustees of Alice Boalt Tevis and
Hugh Tevis. They are empowered to
serve without bonds.
War Department Makes
Known the Full Record
of Casualties. .
Little to Devise as Vast Hold
ings Had Been Deeded by
Her.
Boxmakers Will Demand Day
of Nine Hours With In- '
creased Pay.
Declares He Is Not Biased or
Prejudiced and Will
Hear Case.
Rents a Room in Lodging-
House and Applies
Chloroform.
District Associations Take
Part in an All-Day
Discussion.
Quits Work Precipitately and
Declares Himself Divorced
From Toil.
Membership Status
Definitely.
Measures Adopted to Fix
Cables Names of Men
Killed and Wounded
at Bayan.
Pasadena Man Receives
News of a Vast
Inheritance.
Brother of Assistant U.
S. Treasurer Becomes
Despondent.
Last Testament of Late
Mra Tevis Is Filed \
for Probate.
Retail Delivery Drivers
Send Warning to
Merchants.
to Grant Mrs. Cra
ven's Petition.
~ — ,
Judge Troutt Refuses
MAY BOYCOTT
THE MORTON'S
REALTY AGENTS
FRAME BY-LAWS
SAMUEL JACOBS
KILLS HIMSELF
THREE MILLIONS
FOR A LABORER
DENIES MOTION
FOR TRANSFER
LEAVES HEIRS
SMALL ESTATE
CHAFFEE SENDS
LIST OF DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1902.
NATOTELAX GAS EXPLODES
DEMOLISHING A BUILDING
The building was entirely demolished,
and the loss will be heavy. Escaping
natural gas is supposed to have caused
the explosion. As far as known no one
was killed outright. A search of the
ruins is being made. . - -
MARION, Ind., May 5.-A building on
South Broad street, occupied by Farns
ler's drug etore. Rowan's grocery, John
Darnell's saloon and Hudson & Otis' res
taurant, was demolished by natural gas
just before noon to-day. Injuring at least
a score of people. A number of them are
badly Injured.
9
GBAPS-XTTT3.
CLIMBED TO TOP.
Grape-Nuts Food Gave the Strength;
It ie a good thing to know of food that
will add volumes to one's strength, for
the strong can do things and accomplish
work in this world, while the weak must
stand to one side.
A woman in Toronto writes: "I was in
very poor health a long time and got so
weak and run down that I would often
etop at the foot of the stairs and wonder
how I could get to the top.
"I began using Grape-Xuts and In a
very short time that weak, broken down
feellngr entirely disappeared. I had for-
merly been forced to g1\-e up my break-
fast in order to give my stomach a rest,
but when I got hold of Grape-Nuts I could
eat breakfast, for the food seemed to
help digest other foods, and soon I began
to gain in weight and strength. 'S^>
"I regularly use fruit and Grape-Nuts
for breakfast and can work . harder and
for a longer- time than ever, before."
Kane given by Posturn Co., Battle Creek,
&ich.?]^fS0nt9 ¦
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A car-load of Cook Book*
hn.i JuMt arrived from Chicago
and they are ready- for distri-
bution nt the business office
of this paper. All Call 'sub-
scribers, are entitled to a copy
of this great Cook Book at
the premium price of fifty
cents.
An additional charge of SO
cents to pay expressage will
be required from out of town
subscribers ordering by mall.
fl lj0ifBH^iClifIlil^!l!I€v S e name S0m etimes given to what
¦ - EASE. It is not confined to dens of
„ ' ;V'v: _ :¦¦'¦"' -^ vvice or the lower classes. The purest
,It begins usually with a little blister or sore,' then swelling in th e
groins, a red eruption breaks out on - K ¦ e
the body, sores and ulcers appear ofB? 0 i od e poi a an 0l T» atrac^ d ? badca8 !
in the mouth, the throat becomes SfJ^^^tSSSfSifSSffi
ulcerated,- the hair, eye brows and £° 2ne n0 e°od. Then beyaa taking
lashes fall out ; the blood becoming f*^% S * J comm i fnced to improve at onee
more contaminated, copper colored ftSSSSoS
Splotches and pustular eruptions and ties and today am sound and well.
sores appear upon different parts of f ; R - ia -' Wall, MorxUtown, Tena.
the body, and the poison \ even destroys the .bones. ¦
S. S; S: is a Specific for this loathsome disease, and cures it even in th«
worst forms. It is a perfect antidote for the powerful virus that pollutes
/•— »* /"— "S /•— *«b the blood and penetrates to all parts of the system.
CCJ* CCJ' CC^ Unless you get this poison out of your blood it will
>*n\ >^N >^\ nim you, and. bring disgrace and disease upon
C^jy C^/ yOur . chlldren » for it can be transmitted from parent
, * . 7*™"^- to child. S. S. S. contains no mercury or potash,
but is guaranteed a strictly vegetable compound. .
¦m i V S t( ? for our , free home treatment book and learn all about Contagion*
-iJlood .Poison. If 3'ou want medical advice give us a history of your case,
and.ourphysicians will furnish, all the information you wish without any
charge whatever. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. 6A-
.¦.',V"TH |ji| Economical soap is one
II Ills Is 1 I that a touch of cleanses.
. :,* I Get, Pears for economy
jli .jut- rtLui" rn'» " ¦, '¦¦;." '• . H " : Sold all over" the world.; ,, . ' "
CPiJ.^^S^l COKE 1 COKEf
i Cheap, Clean -Fuel for Grates, Fur-,
Brewed from carefully select- 1 r n2 CeS and Cooking. -
ed barley and hops — ¦ never 9 ;. """^ ""-" w ," ""'&'
permitted tO leave the brew- H There i» no fuel that will compare with coke.
- 1 - -... ¦ ••¦• ¦>¦ ¦ *¦. ¦,¦ ¦•'¦¦ Delivered ¦¦ In any - quantity. Country ord*r»
ery until / properly ., aged. M «oncited., p. a. mcdqnald.' sia Fouom st.
tmmmmmiM a^m^-^^u m wj,.KM 1J JJ WEEKLY CALL, $1 .00 PER YEAH.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY; MAY 6, 1902.
10
HELP WANTED— WALE Cnm.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S4S
634-636 Clay street.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
- Offlce open 7 a. m.
1500 RAILROAD MEN WANTED.
, S. P. R. R, Co.
FREE FARE NEVADA FREE FARE
SANTA FE R. R. CO.
660 teamsters, - Nevada, 600 laborers. Neva-
¦ da, 440 rockmen, Nevada, 150 drillers. Ne-
vada, wages $2 25 to $3 day; free fare.
v . .' SANTA FE.
25 men for. company's own work, extra, bal-
last and section - gangs, wages $1 75; free
fare. ¦-¦:: : -.¦(¦ i.- . /"_ •
-v, :-* MISCELLANEOUS.
Middle-aged man to care for. tools, com-
pany's yard, and drive horse, city. $30 and
'." found; hostler, livery stable, country, $30;
buggy washer, 4 -stablemen: . working fore-
man for ranch, $40 and found ; shoemaker,
repair shop,' city; 4 butchers; 20 boys for
factories, $4 to $9 week; 20 scraper team-,
sters, $30 and found; old man to do chores
around mine: assistant gardener, German,
$25 and found; 4 section hands. S. P. R. R.;
75 laborers for different work, city and coun-
try, $2, $2 50" and $175 day;' 30 boys and
young men to work in a new factory, city,
wages $4> to $9 week.
FARMS. ' DAIRIES.
HAYMAKERS.
30 men to work in hay fields, $30 to $40 and
found; 73 farm hands. $20 to $35 and found;
10 Eastern farmers, $26; 16 vineyard hands,
10 ranch teamsters; working foreman for
ranch, see boss here; 3 sheepherders, fare
$1 50, $25; farmer and milker; 3 men t
work around private grounds, $30 an<
. found, north, fare paid; & teamsters
and 5 men for hayflelds for a larsre com-
pany's ranch, $30 and found; 18 milkers, $25,
$30, $35 and $40 and found; 4 cheese makers,
3 butter makers. 17 choremen. $25 to $35 and
found; 18 choreboys, $12 to $25 and found;
2 milkers, city dairy; 3 choremen, city, $25
and found; 3 miners. *
SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
Tree fellers, see boss here, $50 and found;
cut-off sawyer, shingle mill, $33: shingle
packer, 4 boxmakers, 3 snipers, $57 60 and
found; sawyer, box factory; 150 laborers
for different jobs in the sawmills; gang ed-
german, see boss here; yards and woods, $30
to $75 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
Farmer and wife, San Mateo Co., $40 and
found; choreman and wife, Yuba Co., $45;
milker and wife, fare $2, $45 and found; man
and wife, private place, fare $1 60, $40 and
found. ¦
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT.
Bench hand, planing mill near city. $3 day:
6 blacksmiths. $2 50 and $3 day. $75 and
found; & rough carpenters, city work, $2 60
day; carpenter, city, $3 day; 5 carpenters,
city, $3 50; carpenter, near city, $3 60 day; 5
brick molders, $75; 7 brick setters, $73; 10
men to make wire beds, «ood steady work;
5 carriage painters, $3 day.
HOTEL HELP.
BUTCHERS AND OTHERS.
Butcher, country shop, $30 and found; but-
cher for wagon work, near city, $12 week:
butcher, wagon and shop . work. city. $12
week; cook for mine boarding-house. $40:
cook for crowd of boys, $30 and found; 16
other cooks, hotels and restaurants. $35, $40
and $50 and found; 22 waiters, 7 porters. 35
dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc., etc.: ba-
ker's helper on cakes, city, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
WANTED — An experienced window frame cut-
ter; also bench hand. Ingler & Young Mill
Co., Fourth and Washington sts., Oakland.
WANTED — A thorough boys' and children's
clothing salesman. Apply at S. N. WOOD
6 CO.'S. 718 Market st.
A MAN wanted to work around a place: also
a man for a factory. Apply to MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Stockton st
WANTED — Cooks: experienced waiters, also
dishwashers and kitchen help; no fee. 626
Montgomery St.. room 1. . . "•
WANTED — Bench hands for brass works. Ap-
ply superintendent, after 10 a. m., THOMAS
DAY CO.. 725 Mission st. •
WANTED-rBoys about 16 years of age to learn
a trade. Apply superintendent, after 10 a.
m.. THOMAS DAY CO.. 725 Mission st.
WANTED — A few bright boys to work in shirt
factory. Apply THE L. ELKINS CO., 29
and 31 Battery st. - '
WANTED — Neat cash boys at once. Apply
superintendent's office. The Emporium.
BOY wanted to learn the machinist trade. Box
934. Call office.
BARBER shop wanted, 4 chairs, down town.
Address 720 Post st ¦
EXPERIENCED young man to assist in tailor
store. HARSHALL'S. 12 Kearny st.
WANTED— A first-class wrapper. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
WANTED-^-A good tailor for bushellng at 625
¦ Commercial st. ' .
UNION, barber for Wednesday evening. Satur-
day and Sunday; steady. 336 Sixth st.
WANTED — Elderly man to cook for -4 or 8
men; wages $15 per month. 600 Haight st
BOY wanted. E. H. LEVY. Inc., 613 Market
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. 111-115 Larkln.
STRONG boy or young man. to help In. cake
bakery; must have experience. 911 & Larkin.
STRONG, active young man who understands
horses; $9 a week. 1042 Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS barber. 947 Fillmore St., cor.
McAllister; good wages.
WANTED— Two good carpenters at 2007 Flll-
moro st .-'. '
SECOND cook at 448 Third st. ¦
TWO experienced bushelmen; steady Job.
PAUSON & CO.. 200 Kearny st.
WANTED — Bookkeeper. Box 939, Call office.
SOBER, steady waiter. 1507 Market st. near
Eleventh. - ¦ / .-
EXPERIENCED pantryman and porter. Bo-
hemian Club. -
FIRST-CLASS waist and sleeve makers want-
ed. 121 Post St., room 32. ¦ -
$50 — GOOD chance for steady man; cigar store;
full value given in stock; no night work.
Inquire cigar factory, 257 Fourth, nr.FoIsom.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery st, San
Franolsco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
BARBER shop — Will buy a good barber shop,
city or country, for cash. GUS JOERSCHKB,
¦ .1161% Mission st. ¦'¦• . : ¦¦
BOYS wanted for the American District Mes-
senger service. . Apply at once at 607 Mar-
ket st. *
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PAYING barber shop at your own price; living
rooms; rent $10. Box 1513. Call offlce.
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an" attractive, first-class finarv
clal proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m.. except Sunday, St. Nicholas Hotel,
room 237. 1606 Market st
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. .U.
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
' . inch; able to Bpeak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
BY a corporation. Intelligent man for outside
work; must be of good address and capable
of explaining a business proposition thor-
oughly; reference. The Co-operative Realty
Company, . rooms 14-16, 240 Montgomery st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln,'Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217- Third st; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber • trade ; barbers In de-
mand; only. requires 8 weeks; tools donated-
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay et. ¦ . "¦
WANTED— Good shoe treer and packer on
--. men's & boys' .heavy work. Berkeley Boot &
Shoe Co.. Inc., 809 Delaware st. W. Berkeley.
A FIRST-CLASS foreman wanted for coat de-
partment; good steady position to the .right
party; good wages.. P. J. B...box 1711/ Call.
WANTED — Man with 4,200 for candy store; at-
.tend cash: no experience required; $70 'mo
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st. upstairs!
WANTED-"-Two . good coopers for making
kegs. Apply JOHN OCHSNER. Sacramer to.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes, for
sale cheap. McDON ALP & PERRY, 241 3d.
SAILORS wanted. For a square- deal go to
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.'. San Francisco.
¦WANTED^— Solicitor. Call at 1322 Pacific st,
. between S and 10 a." m.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuJ-
tlon. S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st
SAILOriS. and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st
PENSION atty.; E. A. Bull is. room 40, Phelan
. big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
SOc up; soling 20c up.' 023 Howard st.'. nr. 6th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms- free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ; been established at 1006
' ."Valencia st ."¦'- • :,"* ,
BAN FRANCISCO CAM^
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CalL corner of Market and Third streets: open
«aitll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery etreet.
romer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. '
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister Etreet ; open- until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1911 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
entil 9 p. a. * -;
106 Eleventh 6treet: open until fl p. m. ~.
JC36 Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken.
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
BIEETIJVG NOTICES.
PX.IFORNIA Chapter. No. 5, R. A. M., ¦
trill meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _#\^
ING May 6, at 7:.;0 o'clock; stated JKff
meeting and R. A. degree. By order /?'
f the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge, No. 30. F. & n
A. M.— Stated meeting, THIS (TUES-
DAYi EVENING, at TioO o'clock. SkJ5\
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary. / IT >
PACIFIC Lodgre. No. 130, F. & A. M., «
121 nddy— <<ated meeting THIS iFk
EVENING at S o'clock. 5*J\
GEORGE PENLJNGTON. Sec. /V'
ORIENTAL Lodge, No. 144, F. & A. J»
M. — Called meeting at 7:30. and stat-^a^
ed at S o'clock THIS (TUESDAY) X^K
EVENING. A. S. HUBBARD, Secy. /Vi
THE regular monthly meeting of 1 4k
the Servian-Montenegrin L. and tf€jnH
B. Society will be held WED- _ "7**^..
XISDAT EVENING. May 7. at ilpySft
7:3U Eharp. at W09 Market st. f^wSfifl
Final n-port of the Cemetery -IB .MjJS*,ia
Coir.rr.luee will be brought up.
All member? and cfTicers are re- \£-^?Jf;*j/
Quested to attend. By order of xJCyyr
JOHN KUKAVTZA. Pres.
EPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Sec
KOTICK to the stockholders of The Risdon
Iron and Locomotive Works Is hereby given
that in pursuance of a resolution of the
Board of Directors of eaid corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
board, held at the offlce of the corporation,
in the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on the 17th day of
March. 1902, a meeting of the stockholders
cf The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
•will he held at the office of the corporation.
No. 29S Steuart st, in the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California (the same
being the principal place ofsimsiness of said
corporation and the building where the Board
©r Directors usually meet), on WEDNES-
DAY, the 21st day of May. 1902. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of con-
sidering and acting upon a proposition to
create a bonded Indebtedness of said corpo-
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
sand (600,000) dollars. United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys
to purchase additional property to complete
the works and extend the business of the
corporation, and for legitimate and neces-
sary purposes. By order of the Board of
Directors.
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
Secretary of The Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic rrocess from H. L. Clark, in the
Gold Point mine, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to deposit fallings in the dam of the
Golden Needle mine In Dry Creek, and from
M. P. Beever. In the Castcllo mine. at
Brownsville, Yuba County, to deposit tailings
B Dry Creek, gives notice that a meeting
¦will be held at room 94, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., on May 19, 1902, at 1:30
p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — A meeting of
the stockholder.! of the United Crude Oil
Ccmpany will be held at the office of the
company, 418 Parrott building. In the city
and county cf San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, May 13. 1902. at 12
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 oents — The "Weekly Call.
16 papes. in wrapper for mailing: $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Exarnlstr building, room
CIS; all cases; damages, estates, wills, znort-
Cfcges. partnerships, attackinents, collections.
«tc; leiral papers drawn; (consultation free;
t»o advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a speciaity;quick;quiet;
co charge without success; established 16 vrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market rt., ccr. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
.all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckela bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket ft: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN* has come swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
3C1 Larkin st and 305 Market et
BIRDS. POGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
cages, globes, aquariums; bird end animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market et.bet-Sth&Sth.
EOEISON'S BIRD STORE—
335 and 337 Kearny st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place In the country.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS cf all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1143 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BOOKS, new find old, bought sold and ex-
changed. W. L. PAXSON. 22 Seventh st
BUSINESS CUASCES.
A— W73; SALOON, with hall, in first-class lo-
cation, on San Mateo electric R. R,; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearay st
A — $050; CORNER saloon, on Folsom st; rent
$25; good paying business; value in sight;
large transient custom. Call R. Q. WTLKE
2«',6 Kearny Et
A— $1250; HAMMAM. Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest improve-
ments; first-class location. See R. G.
WILKE. 26>4 Kearny et.
A*-*2500; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
building; a good business; dally receipts
about $75. or owner will take honest man
for partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $400; CORNER saloon on Montgomery Et •
rent $25; owner must cell at once, as family
affairs call him East R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st
A— $850; SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$42 50; place is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying business; only reason
for eale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $2500; HARDWARE, cutlery and tool
etore <3c'.ng a large business; location first
class; rent low; stock will Invoice the price
WILKl ln Kel°my a 'st EtOCk - <*» * Ol
A— $550; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
•tore; no better location in this city; living
rooms; a good-paying business. Call R. G
WILKE. 26^a Kearny st.
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
st. ; established for years and known as first
class paying propsition; rent $175; return
rent $99; investigate at once; rare chance
R. G. WILKE. 2CV» Kearny Bt.
FIRST-CLASS country hotel; must be sold on
account of sickness; price $2500; average
monthly business $1150; this Is a chance for
1 or 2 hotel men; half cash and half to suit-
lull Investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBRIDE & CO.'S 765
Market st *
THE Inventor of a new and rapid rrocess of
separating jrold from dry places, without the
use of water, desires to interest some one
¦with capital in order to place the same on
the market; its value can be seen at once
by any practical man. TOMLINSON & CO
105 Ellis st. room 10. '*
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for Bale- also
city and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR, 927 Market St.. room 2081
A — 30 CIGAR stands; prices. $75 to $2000- rents
f>5 to $125 monthly; profits, $2 to $7 dallv
HEDGES. 401-4P2 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
CIGAR stand — Will buy a good paying cigar
stand for cash; must stand investigation
H. JANSEN, 1161 ij Mission Bt.
f 4G0 — Lady wants rentleman partner light mfe
wholesale & retail bus.; attend store & make
himself useful: good chance right party no
experience necessary. P.S.de Luca.31SKearny.
SALOON for sale. 112 Berry st
WANTED— Cigar stand In good location; onlv
owners reply. Address box 1512. Call offlce\
FOR sale — An evening paper route centrally
located. Box 332. Call office. ¦
ARLINGTON Hotel dining-room to rent; now
running to fair trade; rent taken in board
Ninth and Washington sts.. Oakland.
$7w— VARIETY store; fixtures for sale and to
let; rect ?25. Apply 3S3 Fifth st - _
GROCERY and bar for sale. Inquire at First
and Minna 6ts.. GEORGE NISSEN.
RESTAURANT for sale; living; rooms complete-
no trifltrs. ir.6 Second 6t.
GOOD inside route on morning paper for eale.
204 Leavcnworto St.
WELL established tobacco and cigar etore; liv-
ing rooms; rent $13; must eelL 110 First st
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE— The great reader of
human destiny; the first registered clairvoy-
ant and palmist ever in San Francisco;^- ex-
traordinary clairvoyant power, combined with
his superior knowledge of occult forces and
" the science of palmistry, enables him to read
human destiny with unerring accuracy. 127
Ellis st. ...-••.. -. ¦;¦•-."'_
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. BOc. 621^ Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 60c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
MRS. JENNIE REYNOLDS, life reader, t late
of Los Angeles, is now at 1008% Market st.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant reader, palmls-
try; truth or no pay. 26% Kearny, room 2.
25c— SPECIAL, one week. PROF. MILES.
clairvoyant, palmist, 1010 Mission nr. 6th.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.'
C^ARjPETBEATING^AN^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market,bet.Sth&Oth;teI.Howard 2913.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394... GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th Bt; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
East 725. A. G. KLEINERT. Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
¦ vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES. T
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.'
MENLO (Fair Oaks)— New Cottage. 7 rooms.
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
COTTAGES SUBURBAN TO LET.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) new cottage; 7 rooms,
• bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78
Geary st .
!^ N !?25!!£^ ~_~^^_
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 vears' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fllllng3, 6O0.
DR. E. P. SHEPARt*. 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of . 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR~ IL oT
YOtrxO. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS^^ AND SEA3ISTRESSEi3"
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st. bet. 7th and 8th.
EDUCATIONAL. /
HEALD'S 1 S^HBoLOF^LE^TRICAirENGi-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construo-
tlon, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Bus.
College. 1236 Market st.
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to moro commodious quarters
at 1332 Market st, on or about May 1. 1902.
HEALD'S'fCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses jcomplete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges ; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — $50; life scholarship at AYRES' Business
College, 723 Market st, pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
writers; positions secured; catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
"j fier Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
' beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; rnftt thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st .
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell at
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand.
bookkpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class,- $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell: phone Pine 433.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcademy
of Languases,320Post ;estab' d 1871 -.ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West.deslres pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 60c lesson. 1484 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual in-
structlon; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. q. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class.
BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market Bt.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff,565 Mission; tel. John SS56.
OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment O?fl^e^J^panese7chi~
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce-:-
Eest help. 411% yFarrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 024 Bush. st: tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable housecieaning. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell S50JL
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 310 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYBIENT WANTED — FEMALE.
BY first-class Scotch cook, best of city refer-
ences. Call J.<F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
flutter st. •
WANTED— Work by experienced dressmaker
immediately. Address box 1637. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants situation at general
housework. Inquire 2652 Twenty-second st
V. corner Hampshire. • :
15-YEAR-OLD girl wishes a nice, light place-
small wages: good home. Call 214 Clipper
st. bet. 25th and 26th; take Castro-st. car.
COMPETENT nurse wishes full charge of an
infant; no objection* to going to the country
for the summer with the family: can givr-
best of city references. AJdress 1128 Pine st.'
WANTED— Situation to do cooking and small
wash by a woman; best of references- city or
country. 843 Franklin St.. . Oakland ; phone
Red 2433. :
YOUNG colored woman would like a place as
¦ cook or second girl ; can furnish good city '
references. , Address MISS DORA BLALOCK
2125 Lombard st. . ¦ ; ¦{
YOUNG woman with a little girl will do house-
wcrk or chamberwork for board. Box 16°S
Call office. • .
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to.chll-
- drcn, wishes position as housekeeper 'or cook
for men. Call ,08 to 76 Ellis 6t, room 131
between 1 and 4 p. m.
GOOD laundress wants work by. the day, $1 10
per day; no postals answered. "'605 Minna st
near Seventh. . . ¦ "'
GIRL wishes situation for housework- ¦><«tn
' home. 13361$, Natoraa st. ,, . , ,
¦I HELP WAICTEp-— FEMALE — Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S."..... 429. Bush st.
. . ... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..'...
2 head waitresses, city hotels..... ..$30
Waitress, Santa Cruz Co.......;.......:.$20
Waitress, Bakersfleid ;... ;.. $25
Waitress. Ukiah, fare paid $20
Waitress, short distance .$25
60 waitresses, . city, - country, resort hotels
-..*. $20-$30
Chambermaid, city $17 60
Chambermaid, springs, see party here at 1
11:30 a. m ...$20
. ...FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook, $25; cook and . second girl,
American, family, Oakland, see party ' here
.-at 2:30 p. m., $35 and $25; second girl, city,
$25; and any girl or woman - looking for a
position in, this department at going- wages
call and see us, and if you can't .secure a
place at once to suit you register with us
and we will try and please you.. ."...
C. R, HANSEN & CO ...429 Bush St.
- -' (Opposite California Hotel.)
WANTEE> — Good American girl for. general
housework; four in family; plain cooking:
good home; wages $15. Apply Tuesday and
Wednesday forenoons. 251 Scott st.
WANTED — Good German cook: references re-
quired. Call between 9 and-, 10:30 or 6 to 6,
1640 Pine st. cor. Franklin.*^
COMPOSITOR wanted. R. R. PATTERSON,
429. Montgomery st.
WAITRESS wanted — Hours 11 a. m. to 8 p. m. ;
good pay. People's Restaurant, 631 Clay st
"WANTED — A good tailoress on fine coats. 929
Filbert st, . •
WANTED— Girl to wait at table; good wages.
Apply; at; 793 O'Farrell st, near Larkln.. . .
REFINED girl wanted to take care of child;
no other work. 1836 Sutter st
WANTED — Girl living at home to assist in
dining-room. 631 Ellis st - , ,
APPRENTICE wanted on custom' coats. Ap-
ply 623 Vt Post st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE ANDPAYWHILB
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
AN experienced first-class waitress and par-
lor maid, willing to assist with chamber
work; references required. Call 2100 Wash-
ington st, cor. Octavla, between 11 and 1. .
GIRLS wanted — Sewing and making bags.
GULF BAG CO., 709-711 Front Bt. . -
SKIRT and waist hands; also apprentices.
1913 Sacramento St. .
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
PANTS finishers; 73c a pair; Bteady work. 858
' Howard st.. bet. 4th and 5th, over handball
; court • • • •• ¦ ¦¦>' ¦ ' . - . .
GIRL for light housework; small family; wages
$10. 719 Capp st. - •
YOUNG lunch waitress; call at once. MRS.
KOSTA. 2405 California st. ¦ . - . -
A GIRL to help around kitchen and wait at
table. Apply 2030 17th st., cor. Vermont.
GIRLS ABOUT 18 TEARS OF AGB WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 82H FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
1 WANTED — 6 girls to learn hairdressing, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 60; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
; to $75 per month; day and evening cla-ss.
College. 233 Geary St.. room* 13-15.
LADIES why work hard all day for* some one
else when you can work for us in your own
home, making $10 to $12 a week? We teach
you the business free and buy the product.
| Torchon Lnce Co.. 43, The Metropole, 6 Turk.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners paid while learning. O.
W. REYNOLDS, 597/ Mission St., cor. 2d.
WANTED — By widower; housekeeper to care
for two small boys; no cooking; wages $10.
Box 393. Petaluma, Cal.
Hairdressing, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College,1256
Market, rm. 94: splendid position; day, eve.
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on gentle-
men's coats. 105 Ellis st, rooms 22 and 23.
EXPERIENCED hands on children's dresses.
220 Sutter St., room 25.
FINISHERS and operators on pants. ,- 641 Mar-
ket St., upstairs. ' ¦>¦¦ ¦
A-QOMMERCIAL traveler at once. Box 1622,
Call office.
TAILORESS, first class, on fine coats; good
operator;, best wages; pernfanent. 4S8 Geary.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD <&
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st
WANTED— Experienced fhirtmakers. EAG-
I'-ESON & CO.. 635 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
'!: Valencia st. ¦ . .
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.. near Call bldg., phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE.'. FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 day
50 concrete men ; $2 25 day
..FOR SAWMILL AND LUMBER WOODS..
60 sawmill hands and woodsmen, $30 to '. $65
per month and ' board, no experience neces-
sary; steady work; lumber pilers, yard men,
railroad hands, swampfrs, fellers, cross-
cutters, hook tenders, etc........
Fare Advanced. Ship Three Times a. Week
2 doggers, mountain mill $2 SO per day
2 hook tenders, mountain mill.. $2 80 per day
Board for above, $15 per "month.
10 lumber pliers $2 to $2 25 per day
Teamsters and laborers, city, $1 75 to $2 day
Camp waiter $20 per month
Man and wife, man to work on section, $2
per day, wife to cook, small crew, $30 per
month and found
4 milkers, 25 cows $30 and $35 per month
Cooks, ' waiters and ' dishwashers, city. ......
Man to tend bar, roadhouse, near city.. ..
.$25 per month
Ranch cook, country, small crew.. $25 and bed
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 69 Third st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st
...New Railroad Work. ...........
FOR NEVADA
2000 teamsters and laborers, $2 to $2 25 a day
100 concrete laborers. ...;...... .$2 25 a day
500 rockmen .'.... V $2 25 a day
A ..... .FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
600 tunnelmen. machine men, drillers and
muckers .$2 to $3 a day
500 outside laborers $1 75 a day
FOR CALIFORNIA
, Railroad Work -
5 Machine drillers $3 day
SHIP DAILY ........).
Free Fare Free Fare....... Free Fare
NIGHT cook and waiter, country,- $35 and
found; young man to assist janitor, $30; as-
sistant : about country hospital, $30 and
found; cook.- small country hotel, $25 to $30;
lunch cook, $30; waiters, dishwashers, pot
washers and other hotel and restaurant help.
J. F. CROSETT & . Co., 028 Sacramento st.
OFFICE boy, stenographer If possible; 5 farm-
ers and wives, $40 and $50 and found; 10
farmers, ' $25 and $30 and found; 5 milkers,
$30 and found; 2 chore men $25 and found;
driver for milk wagon, $50: 3 - teamsters,
$12.5 day and board and $45 month; cheese
maker $40 and found; 10 laborers about mill
and woods, $30 and fare advanced; lumber
pilers, $60, and many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 028 Sacramento st.
RANCH- blacksmith. $50 and board; Jobbing
blacksmith. $2"25 and $2 50 day; carriage
smiths and helpers; wagon maker, country
shop, $3 day; 2 carriage wood workers, $3
to $4, day;, carpenters, $3 50 day; edgerman,
$3 day;- bench hands for Jobbing shops and
mill. $3 CO day. and boy for paint shop, $4
week/ and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
02S Sacramento st . .-,<¦'
ANDRE'S Office. 310 Stockton st. -Walter. $9
a week;, waiter,. $40; fireman for hotel kitch-
en, $30 found; dishwasher, city, $6 a week
and $25 a month;, pot washer, * country hotel,
. 23; dishwasher, country hotel. $20; dishwash-
er, small country . place, $15; middle-aged
man to milk 1 cow, etc., $15; second butler,
; $40; etableman. country, $30..- • -•*,'.-*
A — WASHER for hand laundry. Springs, $40;
free fare both ways. MRS. M. E. ' DAY. 335
Geary st. • '*_ -• *•
A— MAN- and' wife, man as washer,' woman
starch ironer, for "Springs, $C5; free fare.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 eGary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Elevator boy. $10; potwasher. Springs. $25.
WANTED— Bright boy from 16 to IS years of
. a£e to learn, the dry goods business. - Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— First-class silk and- dress, goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11- a, m. at
HALE BROS'. ¦ ._,:•>-. ,: . .-<¦
WANTED — Correspondents In all towns on the
¦ Pacific Coast; no soliciting. Address Dept.
D. 1203 Market st.~ San Francisco. Cal.
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
. be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928, Call.
BOY wanted ; steady ' work. 7 Golden West Ren-
': ovatory, '; 12 . Montgomery st. : ¦ ' '-. ; ¦
AN- experienced ' presser.; wanted : steady; work.
Golden .West Renov&tory,: 12 Montgomery st
EMPLOYMENT . WANTED-— FEMALE.
A— COMPETENT young woman desires a po-
sition as second ' girl . or housekeeper. ',. Ad-
dress 1133 Guerrero st, near Twenty-fourth.
DRESSMAKER would like engagements out
. by day; good fit guaranteed. Address. D 616
Larkln st. ' . "!_____
SITUATION- wanted by experienced seamstress
-.- and fitter; $1 75 «iay. Address 410 Franklin.
A YOUNG lady for second work; wages $1"8.
Call in afternoon, 1142 Howard st. -. ¦ ¦.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do general
¦¦¦ housework. 1005 .Wisconsin, bet. 24th & 25th.
A NURSE, reliable' young English' woman, de-
elres engagement; attend conf., nurse sick,
charge of. invalid: charges reasonable: per-,
sonal references given. 1712& Pacific ave.,
near -Van". Ness. ¦ ;. ¦-''-'. -."'.¦
YOUNG lady will give light service in return
for room and board; very neat and refined,
. but lost her hearing. 1725 Devlsadero st,
J near Sutter. '
COMPETENT person wishes position as seam-
stress or housekeeper In small family:- best
of references If > required. Box 1734, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
¦ to $6 week ; convenient and respectable ; free
bus and*baggage to and from ferry. 1
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
COMPETENT, reliable man wishes a position;
understands thoroughly care of fine blood
horses, milk care garden; careful driver or
take charge of stable; first-class references.
Address T. S., 250 Shipley st.
WANTED — Work as bookkeeper or assistant
cashier, clerk, business manager, ekpert ac-
countant or otherwise; electric execution,
strenuous, imperturbable. N. R. G., box
-1611, Call office. ¦ '
FIRST-CLASS barber German, wants situa-
tion. E. MEUDTER Golden West Hotel,
Ellis and Poweir'sts.
MAN and wife want situations; wife first-class
American cook, man useful about place or
.store. Box 1631. Call offlce.
YOUNG man 19 desires position in office; 2
years' experience; can operate typewriter.
Box 1627. Call office. - • ¦—
MAN and wife (young English) ; man expe-
rienced coachman, milk, etc. ; wife first-class
cook; city or country; $50 up; references.
Box 035, Call offlce.
A GOOD Irish dishwasher wants a Job in a
restaurant at the wages of $7 per week and
board. Apply to MICHAEL BUTLER, 202
Sixth st . ..-.._
ALL-ROUND blacksmith and horseshoer wants
steady Job; city or country; steady man. Box
936. Call offlce. . - - ¦ _
WANTED — Position by an experienced sales-
man; can handle any line clothing or furn-
ishings preferred. Address Salesman, box
1738. Call offlce. . : . '¦ : ¦ \
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist and mill-
wright, tool and die maker, expert on en-
gines, pumps, hydraulic machinery and
presses, daughtsman and , patternmaker, R.
R. and stat engineer, flrst-clas3 references,
wants suitable position. E. B., box 1609. Call.
EXPERIENCED, reliable man of tact and
judgment offers his services as money-maker
for appreciative firm in real estate or general
merchandise; good salesman; .references. Box
1719, Call. ¦ -4 .
A YOUNG man having practical knowledge of
electrical engineering wants situation with
electric . light or power company; wages no
object. Address A. Z.. box 1544, Call offlce.
A STRONG and able young man of 22 would
like a position In a wholesale houBe as por-
ter; best of reference.' Box 1623. Call.
YOUNG man. 24 neat willing and obliging,
wants work of any kind; best city references.
Box 1509. Call office. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
"•Valencia st.
E£?^S?t c J A Jb
COMPANIES incorporated and financed: U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per cent income bond propo-
. e'.Uon to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to . date financial paper;
we have always • opportunities for investors
to com* In on the ground floor of flrst-clasa
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
6t. ; established 1892. , ;
jj^ FLATS TO . LET.
VAN NESS ave.. 2414— Modern sunny flat, 8
, rooms and bath, choice location. SPECK
- & CO.-- v. .... .. ... ¦ .
$12 — 4-ROOM flat; gas, cellar, water and ash
¦ man free. 20 Sumner St., off Howard near
Eighth st. '¦ ¦
FLAT of 7 rooms. 250 Shipley st; $12 per
month. - ' .
LIBERTY, 221— Flat of 6 large rooms and
bath, gas; modern improvements.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms, bath; yard; basement;
reasonable. 1933 O'Farrell st
OAK, 427^ — Upper flat, 6 rooms; modern im-
. provements.
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard: fine basement. Owner, 2134 Pine.
SEK latest. Improved flat. Just built, between
parks; best location. 259 Carl, nr. Stanyan.
$25 — FINE sunny flat 6 rooms and bath. 2134
O'Farrell st, inquire upstairs. ' "
. FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath, gas; 2 adults. 2250
Mission st, warm belt. Address R., 1006
Valencia st.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517—4 rms.; bathigas range;
garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. j:
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
OAK bedroom set. ' oak " extension table, bed
lounge, stove and dishes. 1369 Minna st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. ¦ J
SPECIAL sale Danlcheff I glove, own make, at
90c. ' 121 Grant ave. .
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— 4 cooks/ city and country, with and
without washing, $30; 8 second girls, $20,
$25; 10 hotel and restaurant waitresses.' ?20,
$25; 3 waitresses • for resort, $25; laundress,
$30; French second girl, country, $."J0, . see
1 lady at offlce at 2 o'clock to-day: cook, small
hotel, country, $25; nurseglrl, $20; cleaning
¦woman, institution. $20; waitress for insti-
tution, $20; governess 2 children, $25; 8 res-
taurant waitresses, $7 t $8; .100 girls for all
kinds of housework.' city and country. Ap-
yly to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
MRS. M. -E. DAY............ Phone Main 1E75
... . . HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Head waitress, $30; 6 waitresses, springs, $20
and $215. fares paid; 8 waitresses, flrst-cln.ss
commercial hotels,' $25; 16' waitresses, city
and country, $25, $20; restaurant waitress,
ehort hours, no Sunday work, $6; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait, resort, $25; chambermaid,
$18 y fancy Ironcr. : springs. $30. fare both
ways; 3 women to wash fine dishes, first-
class hotel, regular hours, $25. sleep home.
MRS. M.^E.NDAY. ...335 Geary st.
A LAUNDRESS. $30; 4 second girls, $25 each;
cook and second girl3, same house, San . Ma-
teo $30 and two waitresses, $20 each;
chambermaid, hotel, $20; woman for light
work, sleep home, $20: houseglrl, short dis-
tance. $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. .
WANTED — Experienced lady canvassers of
,'good address to represent local company; re-
' fined and remunerative employment; Call
during this week on E. I. MOGER, 431 Par-
rott building. \ 1 ___^
WANTED — Middle-aged German woman to do
light housework; salary reasonable. Call at
424 Vi Third st., between 4 .intl 5 p. m. "-, '. --,':
WANTED — Body -Ironer at the French Laun-
dry Company, 3.1t2 Mission st.
WOMAN.' to cook : In private boarding-house. 1
4122 Twenty-fourth st. '¦ near Castro, 1 to 4.
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats. 364^ Third
street : 1 "¦¦•-. i
EXPERIENCE^) operator on gent's custom
and stock shirts. .Rogersbn's. 535 Valencia et. '
¦FIRST-CLASS tailoress ' wanted on custom
. coats. . : '34Vi Moss st.
EXPERIENCED woman to take care of . In-
- fant. • 2003 Lyon St.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking; paid
.. while learning. .14 Grant ave., room C4. .
HONEST girl for general housework; good I
wages. 222 Golden Gate ave., bet 9 and 12. ,
FEW young girls to sew on; buttons. BAUER
:¦; BROS. & CO... 21 Sansome «3t. . . ¦ ¦. 7 , >--
WANTED— Experienced 'saleslady. .Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a.', m. at HALE 'BROS'.
BRIGHT '¦ intelligent ladies to ' learn palmistry
. for Sacramento fair. MARCO. 322 O'Farrell.-
2 EXPERIENCED girls for'; cooking. ¦ second
'.work and sewing; good .wages. 1180 O'Farrell."
MIDDLE-AGED £ woman wanted to . do ' house-
. work at ' 1140 Folsom <¦ st. '"£3£BtaHSBHE88 ]
HORSES AND WAGONS.
JUST arrived— 20 fine work, driving and sad-
ale horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teanjs. thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange 248
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor. *
A J' OT «2£ honses * or ««'« a* Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st; also buggies. wa?ons har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses— The famous Searchlight and
Jji-ace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY
2C Montgomery st.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard— Just arrived
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1400 Market, ccr. 11th.
Sans Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth scs-
slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
. M. L. PAXCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
CAMPING wagons, surreys, delivery and ex-
press wagons, carts and harness. 163J Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— Gentle bay horse about 16 hands
high, well bred, good stepper without boots -
also top buggy. Box 933. Call offlce.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission stl
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness, work.drlvlng horses. 15th&Valencia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
-./¦;-¦; - HALLS TO LET.
FOR J «nt— TTulpniiaT^
9th and 10th. for a terra of years; barroom"
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address F.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 400 Eighth.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let- send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery",
TO let — Fine 8-room house, with bath and larg#
basement; 1181 Oak st, near Devtsadenn'
rent $27 50; by CHAS. QUAST. 403 Pine st{
key at 11S3. next door. -
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma»
son. between ' Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place.
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner at.
near ElUa.
$35 — A SNAP; 10 new sunny rooms in flrst-
class order. 1449 Devlsadero st. cor. Geary.
HOTELS WANTED.
"WANTED— To rent good country hotel; must
be fully furnished and in running order. Box
1638. Call offlce.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. GOLDBERG^ phrenologist, hypnotist j
guarantees teach these sciences in 4 lesson**
$20; past, future revealed $1. 9 Powell, rm. a.
s INVKSTMENTS.
THIS ' Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery si.
g. g. Call or write for particulars.
LOSTASDFOPTO.
$5 REWARD — Lost, gold headed umbrella.
name Ida, on Oakland ferry Sunday morning:.
Return to cigar store, 32 Turk st.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch: all white; right eye
spotted; suitable reward. Return to 444
Eddy st . "T\
X)ST — Small silk and chamois bag containing
four rings; suitable reward. 110 East Twelfth
St.. Oakland. ;y *;-•» ¦
LOST— A gold nugget bracelet, between Cali-
fornia Theater and Post St.; $10 reward. Re-
turn 201 Shotwell st., near Sixteenth.
" LOST — Fox terrier: license 613; answers name
of ."Tip": reward. S79 Fulton st. '-¦.--:¦
LOST— 2 bunches of keya. Return to 1837 Fill-
more st.:^reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU
st.; tel. Bush 421. '
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter. 712 Mission :tel.Main 730.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
24-IN. matcher and planer, complete $100
8-lnch 4-sided sticker Ho
1 resaw ready for use 50
4-H.P. gasoline engine, complete........ ICO
4-H.P. steam engine and boiler U'>
6-H.P. steam engine and boiler 100
S5-H.P. flre box boiler and engine '.. 650
1-H.P. Shipman boiler and engine. ...... 15
1 double drum friction hoist 20O
1 logging hoisting engine 230
2 freight elevators (geared), each 35
Beltln? and water pipe, all sizes; all tha
above goods second-hand, but in fine repair.
H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
WANTED to sell good collection of postage
etamps. containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX. 418 Sutter st
SE ALSKIN* highest grade, same as new, cost
$250, will sell if taken at once, for $100 cash-
bust 38. Box 1728, Call offlce.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE SUITS^ $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WHITE sewing machine; 7 drawers; good as
new; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
ENGINES, boilers. lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
THOROUGHBRED foxhound puppies for sal*.
2717 Nineteenth st.
FOR SALE at a bargain, & first-class barnesa
shop. B. MAART, Valley Ford, Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HErT
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machlnery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMastera.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boiler*
bought sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 619 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic*
tures. BULLARD tt BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIQ prices paid for sealskin coats: also genta'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlce. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 434. -
WANTED^ — A second-hand automobile seating;
four persons. Box 937, Call office.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins ;
send costal; will call. Box 4960. Call offlce.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectricalWks..418Turk.
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery «t. room 3.
. : Loans any amount* at lowest rates. >
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. , ,
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests is real estate
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
A— HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bis
$4,500, 000 at Lowest Rates..-. „
On First. and Second Mortgages
........On Life Interests in Estates m
Property Being Held in Trust «
.....Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probat«.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sIzsj.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
Se* HERMAN MURPHY. C01-C02 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$500,000 at 5% and « per cent in sums to sui».
City. Oakland, Town and Country Property :
second mortgages, life insurance and securt»—
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates. legacies, uadlvldzd
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 13.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real e3tate.
) household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
-SOX & CO.; 105 Ellis St.. room 10 (Glasgow
: block)!. .
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant'avs.. near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Thtr«l.
ON furniture," pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.L1CK. 116 McAllister st.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB.... 850 Market st.
A— Hotel of 28 rooms; 41 beds; • 70 steady
boarders; place clears $450 monthly; good
bar room trade; price $4000. • • • Bakery, in
good country town, $55. • • • Butcher shop on
Mission st; good location; horse and wagon,
icehouse, etc., $850. • • • Branch bakery, on
8th Et; good opportunity; owner cannot at-
tend; price $300. • • • Saloon with 14 rooms
upstairs; doing good business; price $1800;
Investigate. • • • For particulars call on JO-
SEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
$9000 — A good opportunity to obtain a half
interest in a manufacturing plant, including
a half interest in the realty; location cen-
tral; convenient to S. P. R. R.: see owner
by calling on J. ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery.
A — $150; PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady young man satisfied with $15 to $20
a week; no previous experience required;
ehort hours. 25 Geary St., room 1.
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash; plain work; no experience required; $15
week; steady place. BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED — Sober, reliable man, with $160 to
invest in ' a paying business that will clear
$70 per month; no experience required; light
work and short hours. Apply at 1016 Market
et., rcom 10. I .
$250 — ONE-HALF of the best day trade saloon
in mercantile district for sober and indus-
trious man. Particulars 257 Fourth st.
FOR SALE — First-class cigar stand; good lo-
cation; business part of city; no agents.. Box
1629, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale, 310 Third St.; good
location ; reason for selling, leaving the State.
FOR Sale — A fine barber outfit, including 2
French plate mirrors. 4x2; price $30. 828
San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY house sold on monthly payments.
100 rooms; elegant; modern; investigate. $20, 000
65 rooms: corner; a bargain 7,000
: -40 rooms ; central ; clears $250 3,500
40 rooms ; sacrifice ; easy terms 1, ( 00
25 rooms; rent $30; Income $85; only.. 225
9 rooms ; corner; very good S7!»
7 rooms; snap; Geary st 200
12 rooms; Mason St.; clears $70 700
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
Rms. 7-S, 906 Market st., cor. Ellis, uptalrs.
$550 — 8 ROOMS; downtown: clears $60; $200
cash. bal. monthly. RETSLOFF, 906 Market,
Business is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low interest.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market Ft. (upstairs).
Office near Call building.
Our telephone — Black 1-8-0-3
Correspondence solicited.
List your house with us by telephone.
AH houses for sale on our Installment plan.
Ws furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house: new furniture $1800
36 rms.: mechanics' hotel: man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 6000
¦ 60 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms.; Howard: rent only $65: terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market St.
We have rooming-houses all slzea and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter. ........... 9B0
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner.. .......J.. 200
II rooms; downtown: good 700
JS rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1^ per cent per month.
APARTMENT house, 27 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished; rent $125; going East; sacrifice for
$2600. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
Mortgaged lodging-house at tremendous sacri-
fice. Morrison & Co.. 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
LODGING house, 19 rooms; transient; clearing
$1S5 per month; price $1500; easy terms MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery St., room 4.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
650 Market Bt. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New bouses to lease. '
A. CAMERON & CO.,
SOT Market st. and S-Stockton st.,
Rooms 2L 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can cult
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
WINSTON & WOLFE,
1C26 MARKET ST.
9 rooms: rent $40; must sell $525
15 rooms; $500 cash. bal. $10 month... 950
80 rooms, sunny corner; clears $100... 2550
20 rooms; must sell (new): see it..... 1400
120 rooms (new); clears $325: swell 5450
100 rooms; rent $2 per room 6800
$C50— 10 ROOMS; Mason St.; nets $50.
$1SO — 7 rooms; 3d st.; $S0 caEh.
$C50 — 15 roms: Market; good payer.
$375 — 20 rms. ; Jackson; good mechanics' house.
$1300 — 21 rooms; Kearny; snap; bay-windows.
And CO more houses: honest trade.
Inquire at McBRIDE & CO.'S. 765 Market
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered in lodging-houses dur-
ing the present week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market Bt. (upstairs), bet. 5th & 6th sts.
Buyers, notice above announcement and
call at his offlce before you buy a house.
85 ROOMS; rent $65; lease; good corner house;
tenants mostly workingmen; house clears $125
3 month; furniture mixed; house must be sold
on account of other business. For particulars
address box 1724. Call office.
60 ROOMS; pleasant, sunny corner: modern
family hotel; furnishings expensive; liberal
6-year lease; must be sold. Particulars box
1720. Call office.
TRANSIENT house; 11 rooms; rent $45; down-
town, central location; neat, clean and well
furnished; it is a beauty; must sell quick-
bargain at $1000. Box 1725, Call office.
D7 you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis St., room 10
(Glascow block).
$300 — FINELY furnished house, 8 rooms and
bath; a bargain. 5*6 Polk Bt, near Market
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Can, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
$90 PUTS you in possession of a house clear-
lng $20 per month. Inquire at 842 Howard.
SPIRITUALISM.
•A. — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl., Sun.. 8 p.m.; 60c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. melum;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A— SPECIAL— EDWARD EARLE, independent
slate writing in full gas light 328 mils st.
(Tuesday night)
W. G. KEEGAN, test seance every night except
Saturday; 10c; sittings dally. 14S 6th st.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister. 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, Thurs.,
Frl.. 10c; trance sittings; readings. 132 Cth.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak. circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wed.. 2 p. m. ; reading daily.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured orjio pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings/ daily
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thur3.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10a.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '__ '. '
MME. E. BERNARD, '¦ [ T~
- THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisf action guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palttiist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor.\Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person: 3 questions answered. $1; full life.
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanertly located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevatcr. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms.- Daily ana Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.
A— MIES M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal Beer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; • 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sepa-
rated. finds treas. 1010 Market, parlors 8-9.
YOUR fortune told from cradlo to grave What
I tell comes true: send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
A— Mrs. Melvlll, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth: German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high ¦ psychlst;
, hour* 11 to 3; readings by mall. .125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
20c; gents CO; readings dally. 132 Slxth'EtSAN RAFAEL., May 5.— The .Woodside
Inn, formerly • known as the Eastern Ho
tel, situated in Black Hill Canyon and an
old. landmark, of Mill- Valley, was de
stroyed by fire at 1 o'clock this morning.
The origin , ot I the blaze . Is "unknown, but
t he /¦ belief is that it • was : s tailed ,by a
tramp. ' "
¦ • The -, hotel was the < property of Mrs.
Cullan and had long been famed as a. sum
mer resort. It had been unoccupied dur
ing the winter months and the owner was
just ; . making preparations for its reopen
ing. The. loss is estimated at between
$2500 and $3000 exclusive : of ; the furniture.
The building -was;aframe structure and
the fire lasted but twenty minutes. .
Resort, Quickly Burns to
. thi-Qroundl '
MILL VALLEY HOTEL . v
BESTB0Y1D BY FIBE"
Woodside Inn, Famed as . a Summer
NEVADA CITY, May 5.— In the city
election to-day Hiram D. Shearer ' was
elected marshal; Edward J. Morgan,
treasurer; Thomas P. Lewis, assessor;
Alexander Gault, Dr. C. W. Chapman and
Sidney Peard, trustees. . Nearly 000 votes
were Polled.lfflBneHi|MMM|
Nevada City's Election
Scolari' s Assailant a Naval Hero
SAN RAFAEL., May 5.— The man who
shot at C. Scolari In a saloon. at Tiburon
yesterday was David Carr, a discharged
sailor in the United States navy. Carr
was brought to this city to-day and ar
raigned before Justice Rodden, . on the
charge of assault- with intent*. to commit
murder. He was placed under $1000 bail.
Carr to-day displayed a Dewey medal for
bravery, and also had discharge papers,
showing that he was on the Baltimore at
the battle of Manila.
REDDING, May 5.— Joseph Dais, aged
60, whose father once owned the entire
Reading grant; his wife, aged 50; their
daughter-in-law, Mrs. Manuel Dais, and
her two young children, were driving into
Anderson thl3 afternoon. Their spirited
team became frightened when near the
railroad, ran away and made & complete
circuit of the town. Finally a wheel
struck a stone and Upset * the spring
wagon, Its five occupants being hurled
out in different directions. Mrs. Joseph
Dais was injured internally, and cannot
recover. • The others escaped with slight
bruises. -
Injured in a Runaway.
After scuttling the' ship the crew took
to the small boats and reached shore at a
small village on the coast of Chile. While
Intoxicated, -one of the crew related the
story of the crime. ; •
PORT TOWNSEND. May 5.— British
Vice Consul Oscar Klodcer to-day received
a letter from. Captain H. Meyers of the
ship India, now discharging cargo at Aya
cara, the most southerly part of the
American continent, stating that the crew
of the Chilean bark Flecha had mutinied,
murdered. the captain, his wife and child,
'the first and second officers and the stew
ard, scuttled the ship and then escaped to
the mountains. The letter, which was
written on March 19, /does not give the
names of the murdered, but says that the
crime was •. committed off the" southern
coast of Chile, near Patagonia.
Child and Three Others and
Scuttles the Vessel.
MTJRDEBOUS CBEW OF ;
CHILEAN BABK MUTINIES
Murders . Captain, His Wife and
Nellman and Romo guarantee to expend
a minimum of $1,250,000 on an electric
railroad between Dayton and Pendleton.
an eighty-seven-mile route ¦ passing
through the . rich towns of'-Waltsburg.
Walla "Walla, Milton, "Weston and Athe
na, as well as the famous Walla Walla
Valley. The power house is to be located
above Dayton.
WAIjLA "WALLA, "Wash., May 6.— H.
Xellman and F. R. Bomo, San Francis
cans said to represent the United Ball
roads Company of San . Francisco, wera
granted a fifty-year franchise for an elec
tric railroad to-night by the City Council
of Dayton, a town forty miles north ot
here. The "Waitsburg Council granted a
similar franchise this afternoon and the
San Franciscans will appear to-morrow
night before the "Walla "Walla Council.
Waitsburg is thirty miles north.
Lines Said to Be Back of New
Project.
Owners of San Francisco Streetcar
BAII/BOAD Wlili CONNECT \
TOWNS IN * WASHINGTON
The portion of the river bordering 1 Mc-
Kea's land contains Fowler Falls, said to
be the most beautiful on the river. At
the main falls McKea will erect the ho
tel. At each of the lesser falls he will
station a clubhouse. The contemplated)
improvements are expected to cost not
less than $100,000.
BEDDING, May 5.— McCloud River, fa
mous the country' over aa a trout stream
and for Its surpassing beauty, is to have
a public resort erected on its banks. John
McKea of Red Bluff will build a large
hotel and two or three clubhouses. Mc-
Kea recently purchased a tract of timber
two miles long:, which fronts upon the*
river. He announces that ho will not cut
the timber, but vjiir preserve the tract
lor a natural park.
Extensive Natural
Eed Bluff Capitalist to Utilize aa
WTLIi BXTUiP A HOTEL .)
OH McCLOUD RIVER
Sheriff Langford has evidence that Rob
inson was seen on the streets a short time
before the assault was committed, and
carried a short club In his hand. Robinson
tells a contradictory story, and the offi
cers believe they have the right man.
. The girl, while walking on the street,
was struck behind the ear with a club and
then carried into the garden surrounding
the residence of Mrs. Knox-Goodrich.
Here her assailant beat her into insensi
bility. The fellow " evidently " became
frightened, believing: he had committted
murder.
SAN JOSE, May 5.— The police and the
Sheriff believe that James Robinson, the.
young negro who reported having found
Mary Gabel in an unconscious condition,
on North First street early yesterday
morning-, was the young woman's assail
ant, and they are holding him in custody.
William de Arden, who was riding with,
the girl the previous evening, was fully
exonerated of any implication in the af
fair. Miss Gabel says De Arden was not
the man who attacked her. She describes
her assailant as being tall and slender,
dressed in a dark suit and hat and wear
ing a light mustache. This fits the de
scription of Robinson. „
Have Woman's Brutal
Assailant.
San Jose Police Confident That They
BELIEVE YOTJNG NEGBO
ATTACKED HISS OABEIi
There is evident satisfaction among
Government officials over the progress
that has been made, and ft is felt in
Washington that, a complete case has
be*en made out. Every - step has been
taken with the greatest deliberation and
never in the history of the Department
of Justice has so much care been taken
in the preparation of a bill. District At
torney Bethea will return to Chicago at
once. Before the bill Is sent to Chicago
for a filing it will be read to the Presi
dent. -
Bethea expected to return to Chicago
to-day, without coming Rack to Wash
ington. Knox, however, ordered him to
return by way of Washington.
The trust, it is well known, has import
ant railroad connections, and they are
thought to be seriously, involved.
The testimony bearing out the charges
that illegal rebates from railroads have*
been obtained is said to be voluminous
and in great detail and conclusive.
Bethea arrived in Washington to-day
and immediately joined In a conference
with Attorney General Knox and Day
and the work of revising the bill was be
gun. Much of the new evidence cornea
from voluntary witnesses, •while the re
mainder was obtained by officials of the*
department. » ¦ •
Strong as was Ithe evidence in Bethea' a
possession when) Special Attorney Day
left for Washington with the completed
bill, new evidence, It is understood, has
been found which will- nil In gaps and
strengthen the chain of facts in support
of the charges.
This evidence Is of so important a char
acter that United States District Attor
ney Bethea of Chicago was summoned
from Buffalo, where he was spending a
few days*, vacation, to be in consultation,
with the department, while Its outline was
incorporated In an application lor an In
junction.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 5.— New and
important evidence against the beef, trust
has been obtained by the Department o!
Justice within the last two days, and the
case against the combination has been
broadened and greatly strengthened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Department of Justice to Make
Application fo;r an In
junction.
Government Strengthens
Its Case Against the
?>Beef Trust.
NEW WITNESSES
GIVE TESTIMONY
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL; TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1902.
Turkish Government Apprehensive.
LONDON, May 6.— In a dispatch from
Constantinople the correspondent there of
the Dally News'says the Turkish Govern
ment, apprehensive of Italy's Intentions
toward Tripoli, has decided to send 100,000
Mauser lines and to organize a standing
army there.
11
PERSOXALS — Contlnoed.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest- ehlrt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth. ]
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggist*.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS. CURC
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play" books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
13 R. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the.
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists. ¦ ' ¦
PH YS ICI AXS XS D SDRGBON S.^
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cared;
no operation no detention from business; 'all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR h McGREGOR WILLSON has removed
his office from 1122 Market to 1206 Market
Et.» cor. Golden Gate ave. ¦¦ .¦
DR C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence. ¦
1021% Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
AT AUCTION! ' > ' .'\ {¦} '.
A.T AUCTION— AT AUCTION!
Extraordinary Auction Sale Without Limit or
Reserve.
SATURDAY MAY 10th, 1002. at 1:30 p. m.
AT LIBRARY HALL, . •
SAN MATEO.
• . Opposite the Depot.
97 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS. ;
87 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
¦ IN SAN MATEO PARK.
The most beautiful suburban park on the
peninsula. . •" " .
Each lot consists of about one acre of ground
bordered with beautiful shade trees.
Terms — 1-3 cash, balance can be paid In one
or two years. ' . '
• "San Mateo Park," formerly the celebrated
"Clark Tract," and owned by the same parties
since 1S58. has recently been subdivided tnto\
suburban home lots averaging about one acre
each. Wide and winding avenues have been
laid out and thousands of costly shade trees
border the property.
San Mateo is the ideal suburban residence
property adjoining San Francisco, being only
14 miles distant from the city's southern limit,
with many trains to and fro each day. Actual
time at present 45 minutes, soon to be 30 min-
utes by the bay shore line. Suburban electric
trains will shortly be in. operation between
San Francisco and San /laieo, running half-
hourly. ¦ . '
Ean Mateo Park only 10 minutes' walk from
the railroad station is situated on the sunny
slopes of gently rolling ground commanding
an enchanting view, surrounded by beautiful
homes, grounds, drives, etc., and this sale af-
fords one of the greatest opportunities to seek-
ers of suburban homes that will be offered for
many years. .
San Mateo is a place of Ideal homes, com-
manding, as it does, all the conveniences of the
city with the comfort and pleasures of the
country.
San Mateo has many attractions unequaled
by any other suburban locality. The educa-
tional facilities are abundant. Public schools,
kindergartens and private high class academies
for boys and girls. '. * -
There are a number of churches of different
denominations.
The beautiful cottages and mansions, vast
eetates, well-kept grounds, the trees, shrubbery
and .flowers, everywhere to be seen, the many I
delightful drives and the beach for bathing are I
but a few of its most charming attractions.
Don't miss this opportunity. Purchase a lot
for your cottage, your bungalow or your vllla.
Excnrsicn rate 60 cents- for the round trip,
including lunch.
Special trains leave Third "and Townsend sts.
on Saturday. May 10. at 9, 10:30 and 11:30
«. m.. returning from San Mateo at 3:27, 4:31,
5:23 and 6:40 p. m.
Catalogues, maps and full information at the
office of
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
10 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
CITY OF RICHMOND— Invest your eavlngs In
the new manufacturing town; lots from $180
— 525 cash. $5 per month; Santa Fe Railroad
Standard Oil Company, Southern Pacific Com-
pany—all meet at Point Richmond; splendid
opportunity for investment; send for free
.maps and all information. Richmond Land
Company (Inc.). 1S2 Crocker building. San*
Francisco. Cal.
"OCEAN VIEW" is booming; finest car ser-
vice every 10 minutes.
You never will secure a suburban home in
Eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now. Cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain
THISTLETON. 272 Eadowa St.. Ocean View.
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro Et.. at 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
Tie*; all sunny rooms; terms to suit. Apply
on premises.
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro Bt, at 2Cth; 7 and 8 rooms; good
view; all sunny rooms; terms to suit. Apply
on premises.
$650 — SAN JOSEr cottage, 5 rooms; barn-
must be sold for half its value. J. RUBEL,
1209 Eagle ave.. Alameda. .
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY For Sale
A MAGNDTICENT ranch and greatest bargain
on the market; 12S0 acres, every inch of
which is the very choicest of deep and rich
highly cultivated loam, all In crop; not an
Inch of waste; 10 acres bearing orchard;
abundance spring and well water; complete
set of Al buildings; nearly adjoins town and
depot: center of Napa Valley; price only $10,-
500; easily worth double the money.
GEM OF THE FOOTHILLS.
" 20 acres. 15 of which' Is very richest of val-
ley loam; balance pasture; 800 very thrifty
bearing fruit trees; balance In corn and veg-
etables; this veritable paradise is offered with
crop, stock, poultry and tools for $2600; half
cash will do; Napa district.
!> . OFFER WANTED.
. 1100 acre first-class general farm or stock
ranch (easily carry 125 head of cattle); excel-
lently watered; fenced; 100 acres cultivated;
orchard, vineyard; buildings, etc.; rally 15,000
cords black oak timber, all accessible, worth
.$5 60 cord in Napa (12 miles); every inch
down-grade haul; offered for less than half
the profit that can be made by marketing the
wood. '. • ¦
; SUBDIVISION SALE. ¦— -
Among the great many bargains in all class
and location of ranch property on my enor-
mous list, I wish to call to your especial at-
tention the following unprecedented offer- of
6, 10. 20, any part of. 100 acres; located al-
most adjoining the depot, steamer landing
and city limits of Napa; Vc mile from .that
immense 'cannery and all .the- factories; all
highly cultivated, level loam; perfect garden
Foil; ideal location for suburban home; no
better fruit, vineyard or vegetable land In the
State; would - produce $250 crop of .tomatoes
per acre every year; now planted to corn;
unequaled for poultry; a splendid general
farm; price only $60, $75 and $125 per acre; \
easily double the money. ' •
N. D. SICKELS. publisher of the Weekly
Descriptive Land Journal, 6 Geary st., S. F.
TO let or for sale — 5% acres of nice, land at
Kent station; lovely cottage of 6 rooms and
salt water baths; 130 fruit trees; 10 minutes'
walk from ' railroad ; rent $50 month; selling
Price $5500. For further particulars call on
HEALY & GILLESFIE, 630 Market St.. bp-
poslte Palace Hotel. ' . ;.. '
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
I Ban Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
eeml-troplcal and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner. Elmhurst. ¦¦-
— T-FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
£ mM . 1 . $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
CotatI, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
? J? T P° uitr y and general farming. Apply
to The CotatI Co.,- 302 California st, • for
pamphlets and Information.
FARMS ranches, cltv and suburban property
ror sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts in Alameda. San Joa-
q^iV f T?i her coun tiee- Write for our prlntr
ed list. HEALY. fc CARR. 027. Market.. r. ,203.
FOR Sale— 152 acres of farm and orchard land.
4% miles to railroad,, with or without crop,
Implements or stock;. no agents. 330^ Sixth.
Banta Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
?!££?&&» J!?t "BOOSTER. WH1TTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market! ¦S-F.. & San J.
SUBURBAN -REAL ESTATE. 7
ROSS VALLEY — 10- room furnished house, near
¦ Btatlon. for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
month. J.TUNSTE AD. San Anselmo. . .
ALAMEDA , ADVERTISEMENTS.
_^_ALA^IE^A^REAli i / ESTATE;
15 FURNISHED houses, $30 to~$77^7^or > T"to
6 months. \ • : - -¦•-. -.-.-.' -
Lots' on Pearl St., 50x200,- $800. ' ' - ' ¦ •"- .
¦. • Lots on San Jose ave., 50x140, 81000. '»"•''"
• Lots 'on Park Bt.,- 50x130. $1000. ¦-•' ¦ -
Lots on Railroad ave., 50x150. $000.. . '
Lots. on Chestnut st., -50x108. $600.' •
- . -: .--.¦ E.D.JPDD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
. ALAMEDA- COTTAGES.. -;;
TO rent— Furnished ¦ 'cottage ' for '. summer
months. V 1101 Park' ave.
MOrar TO LOAN— Continued.
ON real estate, let or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY,
£6 Montgomery Et.. room 7. opp. Lick Hous«.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, planes: no removal: low rates: conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAP (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest: ea$y terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Varket St., room 68.
LOWEST rate* on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal: no. commission; confiden-
tial. Boom 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING, 618 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
flO UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. Bt. Ann's hldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. Sth flr.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security. ¦
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
cult; interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 3Q2 Montgomery St.. r. L
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. €09 Examiner bldg.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansomc Bt
LOANS money on salary; no indoreer; Eastern
plan. ' wectgrn Loan Co.. SOB Phelan bldg.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
ccses taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. Dr.- G. W. O'DON-
ICELL. office & residence. 1018 Kkt.. op. 5th.
M.RS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladies'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to lOOSVi Market st., opposite 5th st.
MRS. D. WYETH — Well-known lad'es* special-
ist. 30 years' experience, removed to 1008^4
Market St.. opp. Sth; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
A— MRS. SWEET, COG Guerrero, near 18th, a
graduate of Royal University. Berlin, has 2ii
years'" experience in midwifery cases, takes
ladies befof* and during confinement, with-
best motherly care: infants adopted; confine-
ments. ?15; room and board ?5 week; all who
are sick or in trouble consult me before going
elsewhere. Tel. Blue 411.
"A MERRY life Is like good medicine" — If
there be pain in the kidneys or loins, muscu-
lar rheumatism, sertd 75c in stamps to Kin-
ney Medicine Co.. Los Angeles, for a bottle
of""K. R. K. R..*' a pure distillation of the
buds and berries of our forest trees; a writ-
ten guarantee, if required; do not hesitate.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HIN'DOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
1~>< to 112t> Market st.
MBS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist ; maternity hospital: home lor infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
UES. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
/ LADIES— Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
I price |2. Gleason's drug store.CIay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN, 1007Vi Market st., nr. Sixth,
treats ladies only; relief in all cases taken.
DR. XG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MCSICAt. IXSTRCMEXTS.
AS we are closing out the Hallet & Davis
apency on account of the sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
* Hallet & Davis $Uj0 styles for $165; 200
pianos, 20 different makes to select from;
come special bargains:
1 Bourne $47
1 'Weber 65 |
1 Knabe ¦ 93 i
1 Marshall 135
3 Praith & Barnes ..$135 to i!40
2 Steinway 265 to 3S5
3 Heine 235 to 383
2 Chickering 105 to 280.
6 Organs 15 to 35/
Kents, $2: installments. $3. or your own :
terms. HEINE PIAXO CO.. Heine HalL .
235-237 Geary st. :
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mini
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny end Sutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth «ta., Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm«
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you cr.ly 20c a day to buy a
piano frcm us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OTarrell St.; established 1SS0.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— '
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Beccnd-hand organs from ?23 yp; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
6ON\ 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
and Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
UPRIGHT piano, $100: splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayeg «t.
LUDWIG planos^ — Most popular cf all. For sale
enly by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 831 Market
. rt., San Francisco. Agents Chase A Baker
1 piano players. j
2^-$700 STEINWAY upright piano, half price
for cash. Call morning, 27~De Long ave.
BUY a Wissner or a Baumeister if you want a
reliable article. MAUVAUS'. 769 Market st.
Compelled sacrifice by private family leaving,
$550; new upright grand piano. 685 Ellis st.
6NAP— 2 only. new. $450: high-grade uprights.
cropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,208Post.
$170;great sacrifice :almo£t new upright.Schmlt»
& Co.. 16 McAllister et.. next Hiberia Bank.
ALMOST new large size Steinway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary gt
BYP.ON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OIL LANDS.
FOR Sale — Cheap; 10 acres, patented land, sec-
tion 2S-2S-28; heart of Bakersfield district;
one ¦well on property: oil guaranteed under
every foot. L. W. MYERS, Langhlin build-
ing. Loa Aneeles.
PAL.M1STRY.
MME. O. Kt NEERGAAED~read« I to 4. 700
Port «t^ corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist, 51*
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post.tei. Black 561.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
JTRST-CLASS work; low- rates; get figures. JT
C. ROMAiyg. 640 G. G. eve.; tel. Polk 1423.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
it., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third Bt., near Market: 700 rooms,
26c to $1 60 per night; $1 CO to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ONLY artistic hair dressing:, 25c, any style;
shampooing. 50c; manicuring, 25c; largest and
best stock GT switches on the coast. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. -. ¦
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
IF eny person troubled with asthma will call
:;.. mx 133 Turk et. they will find a remedy that
¦will cure. Full particulars and trial free.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 60c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 30 min. Miss A.V.Doyle.1702 Mkt, op. l0>h.
VIA VI — Home treatment for mothers and
daughters: booklet free. The VIA VI COM-
PANY. 2304-6-8 Van Ness ave. ; tel. East 282.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for «ults. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
• a^y^gasABkqsiaai'sr' ***"
WHITE enamel iron beds, elngle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton «t.. near Broadway!
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Pr.Q.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sntter at.
. ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brtegs^ — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dresa pants. $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 20 O'Farrell ; country orders.
Electric ti electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS balr and moles removed, by
electric needle.Pr.&Mra.Traverse,1170 Market.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy — High-class housej
I furnished suites or single; , steam heat. . ; --.-,.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished sunny
- suites; single rooms ; first-class table ' board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
' 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
BOOMS WASTED.
WANTED — 2 rooms suitable for bedroom and
» kitchen within C blocks of Gough . and Hayea
sts. , Address box 1730. Call. .. : - .
SPECIAIi NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for Si; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41C Montgomery/rooms 9-10; tel. 5380.
I SEWING MACHINES
ALT, kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
: pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing;
lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
storage: and warehouses. ;
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage. & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made, 810
, Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market at.;
• . tel. Main 1640; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. ¦ pany. 2?.2O Flllmore et. : phone Jackson 281.
'TO LEASE. — —
TO SALT MAKERS.
To rent— About 150 acres of salt marsh,
suitable for the manufacture of salt, near
Alvarado, Alameda County, in the center of
a salt-making district and on navigable waters.
For particulars apply to the Alameda Sugar
jj Co., 132 Market 6t.. Sari Francisco.
TO lease — Kenilworth Inn: romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley: 50 minutes' ride from
8an Francisco: completely furnished; in good
'.condition; 40 rooms; steam and hot water
baths; electric lights; heaters throughout;
elevators, etc.: rent low. Apply MADISON
& BURKE: 30 Montgomery et., or ROB-
ERTS.. Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
'TYPEWRITERS V AND SUPPLIES/'
GR^ATiBAlRanN¥1[N^TYP^WRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 26C.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING AND fljIMEOGRAPHlNG;
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
. eographiiig. 927 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 1539.
.1 DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
. pany. Con. — A dividend, No. 41, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company,' rooms.
202-4-6. Hay ward building, San Francisco, on
May 10. 1902. Transfer books close May 3,
1H02. at noon. J. R. LEAVELL. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage-
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 3(5 New Mont-
gomery St., San ¦ Francisco, Cal., April 23,
1902. — Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will
I be r'eceved at this office until 10 o'clock a.
m., Thursday, May 8. -1902. Pacific standard
. time, and then opened, for furnishing Waist
' Belts, Woolen Stockings and i Scrubbing
BrushesT- Quantities to be subject to 50 per
cent Increase if desired by this department.
Bids will be opened for the delivery of the
same articles at either the San Francisco,
Boston, Chicago and Philadelphia , depots.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
' nature of the articles to be furnished bid-
. ders will carefully examine the standard
i samples and specifications, so that proposals
. may be submitted by them with a / full
knowledge of what will be required, as an
absolute compliance ..with the shandarda and
specifications will be insisted upon In the
Inspection of -the goods. - Unguaranteed bids,
and bids upon samples . differing from
standards and specifications will under no
circumstances be entertained. Proposals for
less quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids for delivery or inspactlon
at other points than those named above will
not be considered. Tarly deliveries are es-
sential. Bidders must state in their pro-
posals the rate and time of delivery , should
contract be awarded t? them. The articles
advertised for are the same for which bids
will' be opened at tne other depots. Prefer-
ence will be given to -articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being | equal (including in
the price ot foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereori). and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service
there. The United States reserves the right
tc> accept or reject any or all proposals or
any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
indorsed "Proposals No. 3344," and ad-
rtreBFed to Major C.- P. MILLER, Quarter-
master, U. 8. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley — Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men —
Notice is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the-ma-
torials necessary to the erection of an addi-
tion to the Bacon Art Gallery and Library
. Building on the grounds of the University
of California at Berkeley, Alameda County,
t and . said bids or proposals will be recei\ ed
at the office of the secretary of ttie. Board
of Regents, room 16, South Hall, Berkeley,
• Cal., at or before 2 o'clock p. m. of the 15th
of May, 1902. And notice is hereby further
given that the plans and spaciflcations of said
building have been ! made and adopted, and
are placed In ' the above-named office where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
F. m., from this dato until the said 12th day
of May, 1902. . No bids or. proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
' by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser e'qual to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that, if said bid or proposal shall be accepted
tho party proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the duty
and obligations in accordance with said pro-
posal, and plans and specifications which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any and
all bids Is'hcreby reserved. - .
This notice is given pursuant to an ace
entitled, "An act to amend an act entitled
•An act to create and organize the University
of California,' approved March 25. 186S and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof ao-
proved March 28, 1872. relating to the 'con-
struction of buildings," approved March 3
- 1897. By order of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings of the Board of Regents W
t A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary. " •
PAN FRANCISCO. Cal., May 5, 1002— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
and at of flee , of Quarterihaster, until ti
o'clock a. m,j Wednesday, June 4, 1902 and
' then opened, for furnishing, - during the' first
six months of ¦ fiscal year, commencing July
1, 1902, forage and straw for San <• Diego
Barracks, Cal.;. also at . same • time, at this
¦ office only, for. forage : and straw for Alea-
traz Island, Fort Baker, Benicia Barracks
Fort Mason, Fort McDowell, Presidio of Sail
¦ Francisco, ; San iFranclsco, . and San Fran-
cisco, Cal., J for shipment to Honolulu ' H <T
Government reserves right to reject' or ac-
¦ ceDt ' any or all bids in whole or in part
Preference given to articles of American
production, conditions of price and quality
| (Including in the price of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
j preference given to articles of American pro-
' duction'produced on' the Pacific Coast to ex-
tent of. connumDtlon required by the public
service there. .All 'information furnished on
application to quartermaster at San Diego
' Barracks or to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining bids to be Indorsed "Proposals for
Forage and Straw," and addressed to ' said
quartermaster, or to D. D. WHEELER D
. Q. M. General, C.Q.M/- ni^qit, u.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U is aTmv
transport Egbert— Office of General Superln-
. tendent, v Army Transport Service 36 New
Montgomery et.,- San Francisco Cal Mav 1
-. 1902: Sealed proposals. In triplicate" • for the
purchase of the army transport Egbert win
be received- in this office until 12 m M«v
20. 1902, and then opened; vessel to be dZ
livered - to " successful bidder at ,San Frnn
Cisco, ( Cal. ; the : Government reserves
; right . to reject : any or all proposal en-
• , velopes containing .- proposals should b* in
dorsed/ "Proposals ' for purchase of armV
.-; transport " Egbert* ','!¦ and addressed • to Z'
General Superintendent, Army Transport ser!
vice. San Francisco, > Cal. . Particulars at
bonds required, and Information as to th«> <.h.r
acter of vessel/ etc., furnished on application"
: SAN. FRANCISCO/ Cal.; May e7l902— SealJ
1 V. proposals,: in triplicate,. will be received herl
until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, ! June e 190^
i , and . then , opened - for construction (inc'luiiinU
plumbing and electric wiring). at Fort Baker
Cal. : of. Officers' Quarters. Barracks. Adminl
istration, Building, and for construction (In
eluding plumbing, heating and i electric wlr '
ing) at Fort Miley.' Cal.. of Hospital i-Hospl-
stal Steward's Quarters, Bake House and Fuel
: Shed. : Government reserves . right to 'reject
. or accept any or, all bids in whole or in part
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
¦ auction, conditions of-' price : and < quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign Productions the
2 1 duty ! thereon) ¦ beings equal, and ¦ such prefer-
ence " given '.to articles - of American > produc-
'•tlon' produced; on the Pacific Coast, to extent
},ot> consumption: required- by 'the public s ser-~
V vice ithere. ' ¦ Information furnished < on ¦ appll-'
' t cation^ to ; D. ". D. i- WHEELER, t Deputy ' Quar-
'." 'termaster General," Chief Q.' M.'
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
300 ; FEET from-: corner Market and Third;
large, ¦ well-lighted . store, - suitable" for , any
. kind of business or -light • manufacturing.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 Cal-
ifornia St.-- -. ' - . ' > • ;¦ ¦ .
LOFT for rent; 40x65 feet,, for light- manufac-
turing purposes; with water $16 month. WM.
- LOANE, Plumber, 439 Fifth st.
STORE with large basement, below Kearny;
alterations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
ELLIS. 1220— Elegant suite of 3 or 4 rooms;
new flat; very desirable for physician. -
MAHRIAGE LICENSES. •
- .-•¦ . y .. : : •- , ;
The following; marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . : . . : - ¦
Joseph R. Cavalier, 47. " 8 Hyde street, and
ManuelaN.de Ayon, 27, 620 Bush street.-
Charles Hoffman Jr., '21, 2314 Taylor street,
and Alice Burke, 21, 221 Filbert street.
Isaac Lessmann,- 42, - 629 Eddy street, and
Hannah Pinto, 36. 809, Vallejo . street. .
/ Florendo del Carlo. 35, 400 Eighth street,
and Eliza Consani. 23.-1324 Harrison street.
Merritt C. Glasgow, 24. New York City, and
Benjie .P.". Sawyer, 23, city. ¦ "• ., .
Thomas E. Kean, 35, 159% Silver street, and
Nellie Crealsrh, 24, IBS Boutwell street.
Joseph del Curto, 35, Gualala, Cal., and
Christina Martinucci, 24, Gualala,' Cal. .
• William P. H. Sampson, 21, 1203 Mission
street, and Sarah Alsop, 15,; C06 Howard st.
Teddle E. Klein, 24. 511 Minna street, and
Tessle McClellan, 19, 303' Guerrero street.
H. Charles Haake Jr., 24, 321 Hyde street,
and Adeleine E. Munds. 21, 27 Cumberland st.
Eugene. A. Lea, 34, 1315 Stockton- street, and
Johanna Resler, 31. 1315 Stockton street." .
Charles H. Hunter, 34, 3000% Laguna street,
and Emma A. Smith, 27, 3000% Laguna street.
William H. Boulck. 27, city, and Mabel C.
Wilscn, 22, city.
Freer W. Elliott. 24, Pleasanton, and Annie
M. Waehllng, 18, Pleasanton.
Erland F. Olson. 34. 13 Eddy street, and
Emily Ornstein. 29, 768 Fulton street.
Warren G. Grove, 22, 5t!8 Minna street, and
Victoria L. Wright. 18. 568 Minna street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence, of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
\ BORN. J
CASEY— In this city, Aoril 29. 1902, to the
wife of J. J. Casey, a son. .
DOOLITTLE-^In this city. May 4, 1902, to the
1 wife of Jefferson E. Doolittle. a son. .
MANNING— In this city, April 25, 1902, to the
wife of Thomas Manning, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BURMEISTER— SCHWARZE— In this city,
"May 4. 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
N Karl J. M. Burmeister and Mrs. Henrietta
Schwarze. .
LAWSON— GILLMORE— In Point Arena. Men-
doclno County, May 1, 1902, by the Rev.
Duncan Munro, William T. Lawson and Eva
May GHlmore. • . ¦••
LEHMANN— SCHILLING— In this city. May
3, 1902, Wy the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Joseph
Lehmann and Claribel Schilling. • • '.
OLSON — ORNSTEIN — In this city, May 6.
1002, by- the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Erland
" Olson and Emily Ornstein. _ . ,
PETRI— BOEHG— In this city, May 1, 1902,
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Arnold Petri and
Mrs. Rc.oina Boerc.
SCHETTER— COTTER— At the home Of the
groom's mother, in 'Elmhurst, May 3, 1902.
by the Rev. E. E. Clark. Frank Edward
Schetter and Eva May Cotter.
SCHMIDT— BROGLY— In this city, April 24.
1902, by H. L. Joachimsen, Justice of the
' Peace, > William H. Schmidt and Ernestine
Brogly.V both of San Francisco.
SCHOMER— SCHRODER— In this city, Aprlr,
. 30, 1902, by the Rev.. J. Fuendeling, George
Schomer and Marie Schroder.
SPITELAK — JURICH — In j this city. May 6.
1002, by the Rev. Father Ranegan of St*.
Peter and Paul's Church, Anton V. Spitelak
and Frances Jurlch.; ' .
TAEFFER— SPRENGER— In this city, April
29, 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Frank
Taeffer and Mary Sprenger. ' .
TRAINOR— SWEENEY— In Suteun. April 30.
1902. by the Rev. Father- J. J. Cranwell.
Alexander E. Trainor of Suisun and Stella
G. Sweeney of San Francisco. * ¦
DIED.
v - Abrams, Adolph J. j Jacobs, Samuel
Barrowman, Fannie Lockren. Anna
Barrowman. John J. Lorenzen. Henry
Coomes, James E. - McCreery, Joseph
Daley, -Wdlliam L. - Magauran, P. H.
Gang, Mary A. Mattson. Ida M.
Garcia. Delia Miramontes, Tereasa
Garland/Richard O'Neill. Ellen N. i
Green. Mary Reynolds. Alice M." "
Hagen, Adelhaide Ryan, Elizabeth J. •
Haines. J. B. Silvelra. . Mary L.
Harris. Wendell II. Sullivan. Aileen V.
-' Hartmann, Frederick Thornton. •- Rose A.
Hooson, Cast>er Townsend, William
Isaacson, Bessie . - Wllli. Frederick J.
ABRAMS— In this- city. May 4. 1902, Adolph
J., beloved husband of Margaret Ann Al>-
rams, son of the late Henry and Ricka Ab-
rams, father of Harry Abrams, and brother
of May and Morris Abrams, Mrs. Annie
Lemos and Mrs. Ray Levin, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 47 years. .
BARROWMAN— In this city. May 6, 1902.
Fannie Elizabeth Barrowman, dearly beloved
wife of James Barrowman, and beloved sis-
ter, of Mrs. John Byron, Mrs. John . Johnson,
Mrs. Charles Bower and Joseph 11. and Sam-
uel R. Morrison, a native of San Francisco,
v G7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-m-wow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1035 Noe street, . between . Tw«nty-
' third and Twenty-fourth. Interment Mourn
Olivet Cemetery. ' ' ;
BARROWMAN~In this city, May 2, 1902,
John Joseph . Barrowman, infant son of
- James and Fannie Elizabeth Barrowman, . a
native of San Francisco.
COOMES-^In this city, May 5, 1902, James
E., dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth R.
Coomes, a native of Kentucky, aged 73 years
1 • month and 23 days.
[E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 749 Baker street, • thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a . requiem high mass
will.be celebrated tor the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.' - , - . . '
DALEY— In this city, May 3, 1902. William
L... beloved son of Johannah and the late
James Daley, and brother of James T. Daley
¦ and Mrs. Mary Muldowney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years 11 months and 23
days. , - . . .
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited ¦ to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany,. 20 Fifth street, thence to St Patrick's
Church, where mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his . soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock.- Interment National Cemetery. Pre-
sidio.- ¦ - . . • , '
GANG— In Pasadena, April 29, 1002. Mary A.
-Gang, a native of San Francisco.
CTInterment private, May 3, Holy Cross
Cemetery. ; '
GARCIA— In this city, -May 3, 1902. Delia
Garcia, dearly beloved mother of Julia Go-
mez, loving daughter of Joseph and Louisa
Garcia, and loving sister of Carrie, -Annie,
Manuel and Antone - Garcia, Mrs. M. King.
Mrs. J. Ashford, Mrs. L. Andrade, Mrs. R.
- Nunan and Mrs. M. Chlchizola, a native - of
California, aged 29 years.
V. iCTFrlenda and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
- to-day (Tuesday ),X at 2 o'clock, at • the'
residence of her parents, 1505 Third street,
between Hendry and' Chester, Oakland. In-
' terment- Mounts in. View Cemetery/Oakland."
GARLAND— In this city, \ May 4, 1902, Rich-
ard Garland, a native of Cork 'Hill, County
Antrim, . Ireland, • aged 55 ¦ years.
. • IC7" Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.,' 767: Mission street. - _ \-
GREEN— In this city. May 3, 1002, at her resl-
¦ dence, 1109 'Treat avenue, -Mary, relict . of
William Gr<»en. and beloved mother of Mrs.
• C. Lund. Mrs. C. H. Wise and William and
Louis Green, a- native of Bandon, - County
Cork, Ireland, aged 73 years 1 month and 14
days. ! '••¦ ¦ ¦ ' .. ¦ ''¦ j ' ¦ ' . : . . -. ¦ ¦
E?" Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral Tuesday, May
6,' on arrival of 10 o'clock train at Sonoma,
thence to St. Francis .Church for services.
, Interment Sonoma. ¦ .; '
HAGEN— In this city. May 4. U902, Adelhaide,
beloved wife of the late Robert Hagen, a na-
' tive of Germany, aged 71 years 0 months
and 24 days. - \ ¦
C7" Funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock,' from her late residence. 1801 Jones
street, corner Vallejo. > Interment private.
HAINES— ;In 7 Decoto, - May. 4, 1902, J/ . B.
• Haines,' beloved . husband of . Charlotte : L.
Haines, and father of Edward S., Robert F..
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
;:' (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .
DANUEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
, 20 Fifth st., opposite ' Lincoln School. ;
;";, -'.'.;;-. Telephona South 80.: ". " • , ' "'
Mt; Olivet Cemetery,
"< - NEAREST THE CITY. \
Office, 916 Market Street.
, : •"- Telephone Bush. 367. '
NEW 'FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Bamuel:McFadden,\lS years manager for.
Tthe United 'Undertakers', Association; M. J.
' McBrearts, ' with the same company for 10
years; P. TBV Green, late .with J.CO'Con-
; nor & ¦ Co.; have opened new , Funeral Par-"
¦ lors ¦ at 1171 Mission . st.,*- : between Seventh
.-and Eighth.'. .Telephone South 44. ¦¦ -., :- ~;
: Formerly j with » McGinn ; Bros. . has opened \,
? new Funeral Parlors at . 214 Eddy st. , bet '£
iTaylor and ' Jones.- i Telephone South 576. ;>t
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ ¦ JUERlvELKY REAL ESTATE. ,
$500— $200 CASH, bal. $5 per month, will "buy
: a 3-room cottage, all sewered, good well and
pump;, three blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN
& CO. . -
?12OO-^f200 CASH. bal. $15 per month; finest
corner lot in town;- good windmill and tank;
one block to train and cars; 5 rooms and
bath. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1800— NEW 5-rooni cottape; large lot; fine
mantel, sideboard, etc.; 3 blocks to train;
$150 cash, bal. $20 per month. W. C.
MORAN & CO. - . ... .
$2000 — NEW 6- room cottage; lot 100x123; must
be sold at once. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2500 — NEW 8-room cottage with all modern
improvements; must M sold at once; on an
80-foot street; one block to cars; rot 50x140.
W -C. MORAN & CO., Lorin Station- and
Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
TOU should see that lovely home of C rooms
and bath In. the Daley Scenic Park; such a
splendid view; large lot; an ideal' place for
a poet; only $3200. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
$3500-^-NEW 9-room house, all modern im-
provements; large corner lot; near. the sta-
tion and electric R. R. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley Station. - - .
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc.; easy payments. - MURDOCH. 514 Pine.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRPITVALE ItEA L ESTATE.
FOR sale — 5 acres. Rose ave. and High st.,
Fruitvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE, 1U8 BROADWAY.
I OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
THE WESTALL TRACT] ~"
Soot Cash Has Done It.
FINE LEVEL LOTS, $39 UPWARD. •
$2 00 cash, $1 50 monthly.
in Tropical Fruitvale. Adjoining East
. ' Oakland.
No cold winds nor fog here; soil superb;
climate the best; view charming; not far from
a fine schoolbouse: near electric cars and a
DO-f oot wide boulevard. Stop paying rent and
own your own cozy home with a large parcel
of ground for very little money. Extra in-
ducements to parties buying a number of lots.
Call, or let. us know when you are coming;
carriage free. 455 Seventh St., opp. Broadway
Station. Oakland, Cal.; telephone Red 4053.
Westall tract.- lots $39 upward; Allendale
tract, lots $75' upward ; Laurel Grove Park;
lots $75 upward; Galindo tract lots $90 up-
ward. .. H. Z. JONES. Owner. -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and solar 1Si^625^i'^ : m^Hof and
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
nlshed or unfur.; tel. East 312, Sutter 41.
BELL (The), »773 Market— Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20. ¦
BUSH, "1001, cor. Jones — Van Nuys; modern
furn. and unfurn. suites; new housej hot and
cold water: baths; electric lights; nrst-class.
EDDY, IIS — Sonny 2 rooms for man and wife;
light housekeeping; cheap; gas; running wa-
ter. '. - ¦
FILLMORE, 2212," near Clay — $11; 3 large,
sunny unfurnished rooms; nice yard and
water. ¦ ¦ ' ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622—2 sunny front
rooms; bay window; gas range; bath. ¦--.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished large
sunny front housekeeping room ; $10 month.
JESSIE, 333 — Large sunny front' bay-window
room, furnished for housekeeping; $10.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Nicely furnished sun-
ny housekeeping . rooms for rent.
MCALLISTER. 1050 — Furnished sunny room,
with or without kitchen; hot water; range;
bath; $6, $13. $15. v , .
POLK, COS — Two large, clean sunny bay-win-
dow rooms; gas stove, running water; rea-
sonable. • _ ¦
SIXTH. 102 V4— Newly furnished rooms; . also
housekeeping rooms. - ¦
TURK. 543 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen; gas
and bath; $14 50; also front parlor. " >
WASHINGTON, 1326 — A parlor suite. 3 house-
keeping rooms, furnished. Including piano,
gas .and bath; private family; reasonable;
phone Polk 3365.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - _j
HOOAIS TO LET — Forq. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission— Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c to
$1 60 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A — EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
A — VENDOME, 1104 Market — Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suites.. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phoner 332 Stockton."
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny, rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 60. $6 week; open all night
ELLIS, COS — 2 large sunny rooms. 1 parlor
suite, $10 uoward.
ELLIS. 1229^Elegant suite of 3 or 4- rooms;
new flat; very desirable for physician.. ¦
ELLIS. 1229 — Sunny room in elegant new flit
for gentleman. ¦ . . . .
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — Furnished rooms,
$1 per week.
FOLSOM, 834— Single sunny rooms to' let-
¦ cheap. ' . • *
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish- I
en. suites and single; travelers accommodated. ¦
HARRISON. 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up. .... . , -^
MINNA. 667, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 959— Sunny bay window suite new-
ly furnished; other rooms. , '
MONTGOMERY 121— Handsomely furnished
suites; also single rooms, $1 50 week up.
O'FARRELL. i 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 279— Front room, first floor $3
per week; other rooms, $1 50, $2; 25c and 50c.
O'FARRELL. 914— Elegantly furnished sunny
. alcove room; running water; private family.
ONE room, furnished or unforn/shed. AddIv
723 Shotwell st. . •¦ . . ¦
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light
reading-room, tmoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms,, per night, 35c to $1 DO; week $2
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 171. corner Natoma — Sunny fur-
nished rooms/double or single, by c}ay, week
"or month, "- i ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House 28 Eighth st ¦
. near Market— Furnished;. also, 3 unfurnished'.
STOCKTON, 603— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, single, suite; also housekpg, rooms.
SUTTER,'2636%, corner Lyon— Two sunny fur-
nlEhtd rooms; use of kitchen "and bath.-
"THE WARREN' >:^-Sunny corner house; single
and suites; reasonable. 303 Jessie St., cor.
• 4th; entrance Jessie st. • - ¦
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
Ji BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been , established at 1096
' Valencia st. > . - . ¦ *¦ . - . .
' ROOMS' AND: BOARD. .
THE Co-operators — Nos. 2 and 3, at 645 Folsom
: st. and 4 and 5 ,Vemon Place, are to ( be re-
furnished" next week. These are homes 'for
¦self-respecting, self-supporting girls with
small salaries; terms $2 50 and $3 per week
Write or call upon MISS EMMA HANKS, 645
v Folsom st.; phone Red 6123. Miss Flora Bol-
• "linger, 'manager. ¦' ¦ . ' c - ; -:
SUNNY room, with board if deslred.vln pri-
vate home, for gentleman. 110 Guerrero st.,'
.'near Market: phone Blue^606. 7, ' - '. ¦ .
2 BUSINESS ladies can have sunny rooms, good
- board, at Ladies' -Co-operative Home.36 Glen
• 'Park- uvc, 12th St.; $17- and $18; reference.
CALIFORNIA." 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
- family hotel; exceptional. table; popular rates.
HAIGHT, 326— Elegantly furnished large rooms
i; suitable for couples, with board ; ¦ reasonable. \
IRVINGDALE," 626 - Eddy-— Sunny V 4 rooms, ' en '<
suite or : single ; : good table ; reasonable. ; . • * I
Joe B., Henry F. and Florence May Haines,
-a native of Pennsylvania, a*ed 73 years and
¦ 4 months. v I
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the f lyieral Wednes-
j day. May T, 1902, at 10 o" clock, from his late
residence, in Decoto. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HARRIS— In this city, May 4, 1 1902. Wendell
Harvey, infant son of Harvey E. and Maud
"W. Harris. " -
HARTMANN — In this city,- May 3, 1002. Fred-
erick E.. beloved husband of Eliza M. Hart-
mann, father of Frederick Gaston. Henry
Hugo, Edgar M. Hartmann, and father-in-
law of Mrs." Hettlei Hartmann, a native of
Emendinser, Baden/ German, aged 85 years
3 months and 6 days.
; E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. May 6. at 1 o'clock, at his late
. residence, 2009 Clay street, thence to Druids'
Hall, where services will be held under the
auspices of Perseverance Grove No. 10, U.
A. O. D. Please omit flowers.' Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. •
HOOSON— In Haywards, May 4. 1902. Casper
Hocgon. beloved husband of Catherine, and
father of Samuel, Frank and George Hooson
and the. late Joseph J. Hooson, a native of
Aleace. , . .
E?" Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), from hia late residence, and
thence to All Saints' Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mars will be celebrated for the
/ repose of his aoul. Interment Catholic Ceme-
tery, Haywards.
ISAACSON— In this city, May 5, 1902. Bessie,
beloved wife of John Isaacson, mother of
Henrietta, Flow, Lee. Sam, Theo and Teddy
Isaacson, beloved daughter of Jacob and the
late Lizzie Wolf, and sister of. Joseph, Abe
and David Wolf. Mrs. Heins and the late
Morris Wolf, a native of California, aged
38 years. (Chicago, Clifton, Ariz., Salem,
Or., Ames, . Texas, and New Mexico papers
: please copy.)
lETNotice of funeral hereafter.
JACOBS— In thia city, May 5,' 1002, Samuel
Jacobs, a native of Prussia, ased 54 years.
LOCKREN — In Oakland, May 5, 1902, Anna,
dearly beloved mother of Charles A., Mary
J. and the late John C. Lockren. a native of
Ireland, aged 67 years and 20 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, May 7, 1002. at 1:30 o'clock, from har
late residence, 805 Peralta street, thence to
St. Patrick^ Church, where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. A solemn high mass
will be celebrated for "the repose of ner soul
on Friday, May 9, 1902, at 0 o'clock.
LORENZEN— In this city, May 5, 1902, Henry
- Lorenzen, uncle of Peter and John C. Droge,
a native of Holstein, Germany, aged 72 year?
11 months and 25 days. • •
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery- ¦
McCREERT— In the City and County Hospital,
May 5. 1902, Joseph McCreery, a native of
Ireland, aged 82 years.
MAGAURAN— In this city, May 4, 1902. P. H.
Magauran,. a native of Ireland, aged 75
years.
MATTSON— In this city. May 5. 1902, Ida M.
. Mattson, beloved daughter of Matias and
Ida Mattson. and sister of Fredrick, Jo-
hanna .and John Mattson. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 7 years 10 months and 8 daysl
MIRAMONTES— In this city. May 3. 1902.
Tereasa. beloved dauzhter of Ruflna Ch. de
Mlramontes, and sister of Charles and Josefa
Mlramontes and Mrs. F. M. de Reyes, a na-
tive ot Mazatlan, Mexico, aged 25 years 10
months and 25 days. _
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 428% Vallejo street, thence to the
. Spanish Church of Nuestra Senora de Gua-
dalupe. where services will be held. ¦
O'NEILL— In' this city. May 5. 1902. Ellen
.Nora; beloved- wife of Timothy J. O'Neill,
and sister of R. I. Fitzgerald of San Fran-
cisco and John Fitzgerald of Grand . Ledge.
Mich., a native of Canada, aged 63 years 6
months and 22 days.' ¦ • V
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1404 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RETNOLDS— In this city. May 5, 1902. Alice
M., beloved daughter of Mrs. Margaret Rey-
nolds and the late James T. Reynolds, and
sister of Mrs: Edward H. Coleman, a native
of New Haven, Conn., aged 22 years 8
months and 4 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), .at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. Edward H. Cole-
man, 1635 Oak street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue and Page street,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
.ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RTAN— In this city. May 5, 1902, Elizabeth
J. Ryan, beloved mother of Belle, Frank B.
and J. S. Ryan, a native of Vermont, aged
65 years.
• IC7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Wednesday, May 7.
1902. at 2 o'elock, at. her late residence, 904
Filbert street.
SILVEIRA— In Oakland, May 4, 1902, Mary
L. Sllvelra. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
A. S. Faria and Louise J. Azevodo. a na-
tive of Fayal, Azore Islands, aged 65 years.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
May 6. a.t 0:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Sll Castro street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Eighth and Chestnut
streets, where a solemn high mass will be
celebrated for -the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St Mary's
¦ Cemetery, Oakland. -
SULLIVAN — In this city. May 5. 1902, at the
residence of— the parents, 1112 Tennessee
street, Aileen V.. beloved daughter of Mat-
thew C. and Mary E. Sullivan, and sister ot
Frank.' May, Clarence and Helen Sullivan,'
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 3
months and 28 days.
THORNTON— In this city, May 3, 1902, Rose
. A. Thornton, dearly beloved daughter of
Peter and the late Annie Thornton, and
loving sister of Lizzie' and Nicholas Thorn-
ton, a native of Bodle, Cal., aged 21 years
4 months and 12 days.
. icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1122 Battery street, thence to St.
Francis Church, Vallejo street and Montgom-
ery avenue, where a high mass will be cele-
~ brated- for the renose of -her soul, com-
mencing at . 10 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. " ¦ '¦ •
TOWNSEND— In Elmhurst, May 2. 1902. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Ellen Townsend, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 46 years 11
months and 3 days.
WILLI— In Oakland, May 4. 1902, Frederick
Joseph, beloved husband of Anna Wllli, arid
beloved- stepfather of Mrs. C. A. Foose, Mrs.
J. G. Fell and William Schwark Jr., a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 61 years 9 months
and 16 days. -
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 9:30 o'clock, from his late residence.
37 Heltn «treet. between A and Peralta,
- North - Oakland, thence to ¦ Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. : ¦¦¦..' -
Shanahan Florist Co.
< - / ARTISTIC, FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices ¦ Reasonable \
107 POWELL ST.i»a*ELUS ?7£ 5056CLEVER THEATRICAL PEOPLE
WHO ARE .ENTERTAINING SAN
FRANCISCO PLAYGOERS.
J 'An American. ;Cltlzen".. was- presented
before a^ crowded house at. the '. Columbia
last night by the Goodwin-Elliott .Com
pany, and -' none - of v the '• audience "went
Columbia.
; .The i fifth week < of "Fiddle Dee Dee",
commenced last night at Fischer's .Thea
ter, and the .house : "was'_ packed" tot the
doors. .. Several -prominent railroad 'of
ficials and their ladies occupied' the boxes
on one side of the theater, and thoroughly
enjoyed 'the fun;: ; It '¦ is seldom that such
% droll trio as Bernard, Dill andKolb,arei
seen' together.- and thevkeen tha audlanca:
Fischer's.
."Under. the Red' Robe," a dramatization
of Stanley Weynian's great rib velMs'beine
finely produced • at the .California • this
week by the Nelll company. The mem
bers of this excellent ¦ organization are
adapted to the romantic drama. -and do
justice to their "roles. The'play is full of
the bright lines that made. the book to
readable and popular. Climaxes abound
and there is -enough sword play 'to keen"
the audience on J the qui vive. : Mr Neill
makes an ideal- Gil ;de .'Berault.- He I not
only possesses a fine physique but has a
voice that fits the part of the brlvo
Frank McVickars portrays Cardinal Rich
elieu^ very ¦ cleverly. - He gives -the ?pa>t
dignity and poise and gives the audience
Sl'S* 1^"*^ 6 . f the Craft y -'statesman
Coch^forit aPman 1S a charmln e Rene dc
California.
Grand Opera-House.
"The Leather Tatch,", which is : the '•¦'• at
traction -this -week at the Grand, affords
Edward*- Harrigan . excellent - opportunity
for the display of his. quaint humor. The
play gives him: scope to. show his versa
tility . lh • the divergent characters "of -the
Irishman and the Police Court- Judge of
German extraction. cast of char
acters embraces all the old and some new
members of the : company, and, mirabile
dlctu! there' is a policeman on the stage
who is not a ' burlesque I but a genteel
good-hearted. fellow, such as one "may see
on ; Kearny . and . Market : street . any ¦ day
There is . just enough plot - to hang ¦ the
play together and" the rest ls just fun. r
Notwithstanding that last t night _was .
wet and disagreeable there was a :full
house at the \ Orpheum. • The ' show
is a very good one. | Miss Julia Hein
rich's sweet singing was heartily applaud -*
ed, as were also the songs '.- of Ltruise
•Dresser. The work of Milton and .Dollle
Nobles and Louise Brownell In | the skit
"A Blue 'Grass Widow" is ; exceptionally
good,' and Hilda Thomas : and ¦ Lou Hail
please every one with their presentation
of a skit called the "Lone Star.". The
Fiorenz. troupe of acrobats -does i some
wonderful. : feats, calling for ¦ ' great
strength and agility, and Raymond and
Caverly'wln greaT applause by their fun-'
ny work as German comedians.' The five
musical Nosses, who. are very clever," and
the acrobatic Hoste' brothers close the
performance.'" . . : ¦ ¦•¦¦.¦:. .•
Orpheum.
The Tivoli company scored a .triumph
last evening In Victor Herbert's tuneful
and sparkling comic opera; "The Singing
Girl," made famous by Alice Neilsen. In
deed it was a night of triumphs' for the
sprightly, clever Annie Myers, who'ap
peared as Greta, the singing girl. Miss
Myers not only reveled In the. part, but
came out stunningly. She won the ad
miration of the delighted audience, not
alone for the excellence of , her. singing
but also for her \ whimsical and really
splendid performance. Ferris Hartman,
as the Prince Pumpernickel, scored hon
ors for his consistency as the old, de
crepit roue, while Harry Cashman's.Auf
passen, minister of police, was ludicrously
funny. Edward Webb's Stephan was
droll in the extreme and full of anima
tion and Francis Graham as Marie, ! Har
old Gordon as Count Otto and Arthur
Cunningham as the "Duke Rudolph re
sponded vocally to all the musical re
quirements of their respective parts. The
applause and the encores and the cheers;
the . redemanding of • the choruses; -the
dozen, or so encores ofthe^toplcaltrio, so
uniquely sung by Hartman, Caahman . and
Webb, all testified to the success achieved.
"The Singing Girl," moreover, • has been
lavishly staged and costumed, and .with so
complete a- presentation 1 a long; and 1 pros
perous,mn for ;the : opera is assured. •<¦¦;'
Tivoli.
Chutes.
Jack Norworth, the parodist and mono
loglst, scored a great hit at the Chutes
te e t !n a H dl S'# 8 ° * he Cllppbr qua r !
i? \ J] Uncle Eph's Dream." and the
Fetching brothers, with their musical
flower garden. George Gorman, an "Fran
ces. Keppler. presented a new sketch thaf
TL as hlgI ] ly appreciated, and Fred Stuber
the banjo virtuoso, Coley and Mamk
Grant, the "kohlnoors of colored com
edy." and, the animatoscone with a
change.! of moving pictures completed a
capital programme. Colonel: Edward
Beaupre the young man who stands neaV
ly eight feet in his stockings, is a great
Mature., The, first amateur perfornfance
will take place, Thursday night urmance
SACRAMENTO, May 5. — Governor Gare has
offered an aditlonal reward of $500 for the ar
rest and conviction of the murderers of the
Wllcox family at* Downey, near Lea Angeles
making a total reward of $1000; '
Alleged Burglar Arrested.
Detectives Regan and O'Connell ar
rested Mike Savage yesterday in th«
Potrer.o on suspicion of being: an accom
plice of John Donnelly; alias Smith. la
the attempt to ' burglarize the Jewelry
store of W. K. Vanderslice & Co. at 138
Sutter street, by breaking a window last
Thursday morning. Savage was working
at the Union, Iron Works, when arrested
and proclaims his Innocence of tha
charge. The police claim that he can be
positively identified as one of the two
men who committed the burglary •
Bekins Van & Storage Co. use nrlvata cars
when skipping household goods., 630 Market. •
SOUTHERN- PACIFIC MEN ONLY—
The Railroad Hospital at Fourteenth and MU
slon streets will be u S ed In future exclusive??
for the treatment of the employes of the 9oS
ern Pacific Company. From now on all- city
Ko&IUl CaS63 Wl " * treated « St. Luke- 3 .
Carnival at Bakersfleld.
The street fair -.which was opened- at
Bakersfleld on May 3 is attracting large
crowds from air over. the State. A special
excursion over the Southern Pacific has
been 'arranged for May 7 and a large
party will 'go from San Francisco, one
fare rate for the round trip, r Tickets, are
good going on .the 7th, returning up to
the 11th inst. • ¦ '
¦• ' ¦ ' ¦ .
Trip to Mount Tamalpias.
The first of a series of thirty-four ex
cursions to Mount Tamalpais took place
Sunday." The excursionists, who numbered
fifty; were personally conducted • By Daw
son Mayer, the "'.well-known advertising
man. He will continue to give excursions
to' Mount Tamalpais every Monday and
Thursday during the summer season. .
Byron Springs Open.
The new hotel recently constructed at
Byron Springs was opened to the "public
May 1. While the building was. not- com
pleted sufficiently to occupy until that
date, all but 'the plastering was finished
two months ago.
The new hotel Is modern- and up to date
In all its appointments. /
Burglars Caught in the Act.
Daniel. Lanmon and William ¦ Sexsmlth
were ; booked -: at the ¦ Seventeenth-street
"police, station on the charge of. burglary
yesterday afternoon.; ¦„ The two men were
i caught in the act Tot, burglarizing the
grocery of M. J. McHugh and J. J. Ryan
at 3701 Twentieth street. . . ' ,.
Try thfe Cafe Zinkand for iunch. Good J
meats .well cooked," "weir served. * I
New Schedule for Sarbers.
Journeyman Barbers' Union No. 148 has
adopted t the, following schedule of wages,
to go- Into effect May 19: Per week, $14;
evenings. ; : : Saturday r and-.' Sunday,- $3;
| Wednesday , Saturday and Sunday, $7 5o ;
Saturday and Sunday, $6.-.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Fills.
A . spring medicine for constipation. Impure
hluod. nltunle.h.Ka.Uow complexion; 10c. 26c. • •
away without having had an unlimited
amount of amusement The laughable
contretemps, the pleasing language of the
play and more than either, the inimitable
humor of Goodwin and Miss Elliott could
not fail to entertain the most blase thea
ter-goer. Of the others of the cast, Neil
O'Brien, as Sims, and Alice Ingram, as
Corola Chapin. were most successful, in
arousing mirth. J. R. Crauford' agree
ably rendered the part of Barbury, who
is- always only able to hear "just your
voice." The remainder of the company
handles the minor portions of the comedy
quite acceptably. "An American Citizen"
will be presented again to-night, Wednes
day night and at the Saturday matinee.
"When We Were Twenty-One" will i be
given on Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
nights. On Monday evening of next week,
John . Drew will commence his ".engage
ment at the Columbia with a presentation
of "The Second in Command." ' <¦ •¦¦
The first act. sets' out rather well., if
noisily, and with a little Judicious, prun
ing would go. One" is there. introduced, to
a fairly interesting' set: of characters, '. a
down-East -Yankee farmer, who promises
quite well, and whose- two' young' lady
daughters, -just arrived from school, are
a little too fine for their surroundings.
There "is also a bashful, elderly lover,
and a prim maiden lady who are good
fun and In Frank' Bacon's and -Juliet
Crosby's hands lend a spice. of conviction
to the atmosphere* But to these people
are added a crowd of others, whose chief
function seems -to be to contribute, noise.
The villain, whose mysterious sin never
seems to find him out, any more than the
audience does, is, however, . well - intro
duced and a good plot suggested.
The second act fails .to .develop the
story, but Instead drags in another, all
about a weepful young person who Is run
ning away with a soldier, who has 'had
the misfortune to come under the avuncu
lar guardian's displeasure, said- uncle be
ing the beforementioncd bashful " lover.
The Incident ' is 'wholly gratuitous and
serves no other purpose, than to draw at
tention from the . chief . characters. The
affairs of the Juvenile sister of the sup
posed heroin? are-also- treated upon, with
various other pasears into .' the unneces
sary .,,. . ,,,'..
The third act shows an orchard, with
all the. characters in- the cast - passing
Noah'8-ark fashion through it,, two by
two, each doing-his little stunt. 1 and 'the
same looseness and careless handling gov
ern the construction of the last. act . -
There ls some attempt at character
painting. George Osborne, Juliet -Crosby
and Frank Bacon have the benefit of it
and do well. Edith Cooper, <: a clever
youngster, also does good work in a pret
ty little part.
Mr. Alsop, Miss Convere, Mr. 'Scott ~(as
the villain), Mr. Howell and Miss Wal
drop did nobly, and the rest of the cast
filled In to their best. There was much
friendly enthusiasm that; was assisted by
the ushers. , and after, the third act , Mr.
Bryant thanked the audience 'for Its gen
erous reception' of the play, introducing
the electrician, the property man and a
couple of others, the chief-factors in Its
success. The- scenery was "good, and
doubtless the play will, go- 'with more
smoothness as the week goes '. on. It can
not, however, be said., to have p4t "Shore
Acres" out of business, nor" to : have 'yet
superseded "The "Old Homestead."
BARKIS was . very "will in* " last
night. at the Alcazar to > enjoy the
new play, "When the Heart Was
Young," that indeed. was greeted
with a deal of enthusiasm of one
sort and another. But "When the -Heart
Was Young" has little beyond a porten
tous title andpretty staging to commend
it. One expects .but. little here below- in
the way of plot In .the rural. drama, but
there is even less -coming from the Alca
zar's new play. Orre waits prayerfully,
Mlcawber-like, , for something to tiirn up,
but it never arrives. • A dozen -stories are
begun, and the audience thinks— here it
is at last; let us .be joyful! But nothing
happens, the. pleasant vision of a*- story
fades, and the house doggedly sets itself
to becoming .interested in a new set of
folks that come- up in the shuffle.' . . .
AN INSOLVENT FARMER— H. E. Wal
flron. a Sacramento County farmer, filed a pe
tition In insolvency yesterday In the United
Pistes District Court. He owes $567 and has
no assets.
Cen^i wh supreme this week at the
plrtw'tn^^ i et K e , come <*y drama. "Mrs.
ftJil S £™ ls » bel , n & Presented in clever
style. James Corrigan in the title role
is received with shrieks of laughter and
l S t W0I "an suffrage lecture (positive"?
shakes the house. James Home, as Ike
d&es ssssSs
Annette Marshall. Stanley Ross GeS
Nicholls and Edwin T. Emery maklthl
most of small opportunities. A newcomer
and one who was well received was Will
H - Bray, an . old-time favorite. Bray's
part is not over-exacting, but he does It
7^ ] ' an^ h Kf ong I Phased a large aud -
C S' Jhe Florodora sextet wls well
rendered .by. ten. youngsters, who threw
considerable vim In their rendition of the
Central.
in roars of laughter. Winfield Blake,
Maude Amber, Lillian .Coleman and Har
9h»» rmse , n a , re als o exceedingly clever.
wiS ««?'?£!?* £ ex « ellent - " is not sur :
nightlfler nigh!: PlECe ls kept Crowded<
J. C. Cantwell of the United States rev
enue cutter service delivered an interest
ing address last night in the Academy of
Sciences auditorium on "The Alaskan Na
tives." He gave an instructive description
of their manners and- customs and of the
country which they occupy. ! He said that
the Indians of the Yukon Valley were
highly civilized, and that it was impera
tive that the United States Government
should take steps for their preservation
a* they were being rapidly crushed to the
wall by the white people of that vicious
and lawless class that always travel in
the van of new civilization.
"Would Preserve Ainsfcan Indians.
Diedrich von Duering, an old, wealthy
and hitherto respected citizen of Lark
mead, Napa County,' was placed on trial
yesterday before a Jury in the. United
States District Court on a charge of tak
ing out of the postofSce at Calistoga let
ters addressed to Mrs. Robert Preitz, the
wife of Mrs. von Duering's brother. Mr*.
Preitz was residing with the Von Duer
ings while her husband, a marine en
gineer, was at sea, and last summer sha
discovered, according to her # testimony
yesterday afternoon, that Von Duering
had been corresponding in her name -with
Walter Luhn at St. Louis and was receiv
ing arid . perusing the replies. When she
learned what had been going. on she com
plained to Chief Postofflce Inspector Rob
ert R. Munro, who detailed one of the
brightest men of his force. Inspector Den
nis Coyne, to secure the evidence.
Von Duering shortly before his arrest
made . a statement and affidavit to exon
erate himself. He said that Mrs. Preitz
when coming from Europe to New York
on her way to join her husband became
smitten with Mr. Luhn on the steamer,
and that at her request he (Von Duering)
wrote several love letters in German for
her, she not being able to write very
¦well in the German language. He re
ceived the replies and gave them to Mrs.
Preitz. She told Von Duering that she
had had a champagne supper and lots ot
fun with Mr. Luhn in New York, and sho
would like to have a little more fun In
carrying on a . correspondence, and that
she was too young to live buried on a
farm. Von Duering related how, when he
had. two of the letters in hl3 pocket, he
had asked Robert Preitz, the woman's
husband, how much would he give for
proofs of his wife's infidelity, and that
Preitz replied that it would be worth $1000
to him. Von Duering added that he dM
not tell the husband about the letters be
cause he was afraid that Preitz would
leave Mrs. Preitz on his hands.
Senator Gesf ord of Napa for the de
fense argued that the whole matter was
a "Josh." First Assistant United States
Attorney Banning denounced Von Duer
ing as a man destitute of moral sense,
and while he was doing so Mrs. von
Duering, his wife, broke into sobs, and It
was some time before she regained her
composure.
Judge de Haven will charge the Jury at
10 o'clock this morning.
G. Barry, who the woman says is her
attorney and who also acted for Findlay
son, is not known In legal circles in San
Francisco. His name does not appear In
the directory, but' the telephone of the
"Countess' " fiat Is in his name.
The woman stated yesterday that Capi
talist Findlayson had resided in her house
for seven years and that she simply
looked upon him as. a friend and thought
it was her duty to be near him when he
was ill. She denied that she wanted to
secure Findlayson's property, but stated
that the capitalist had drawn a will. She'
3id not know what its contents Vere, she
3aid. . '
She claimed that A. C. Barry had drawn
iro the will "and that Barry would oppose
the application of Raum J to be r.ppointed
juardlan of Findlayson. -
The woman calling herself "Countess"
Ingorgolla and residing at 905 Ellis street
arid who stated last week that she was a
niece of Findlayson is now keeping her
self in seclusion and with her friend, A.
; C. Barry, who claims to be an attorney,
i seeks to show that she is only. a friend of
the stricken capitalist and solicitous for
his comfort and welfare.
: George Raum, a prominent business
man and friend, of Findlayson, has peti
tioned the Superior Court .of Marin
County, asking to be appointed the guar
dian of the person and property of Find
layson, who has no relatives in this coun
try.- . .
Findlayson is 62 years of age and a na
tive of Scotland. He amassed a fortune
in the wholesale liquor business and has
vast real estate holdings in California.
About three weeks ago he was sudden
ly -stricken ill while enjoying a game of
bowling at San Rafael. His physicians
say he is suffering from a clot of blood
on the brain and is likely to die at any
moment.
Last week "Countess" Ingorgolia called
at the Hotel Rafael and claimed she was
Flndlayson's niece. She demanded the
key to his strong box and informed the
hotel manager that she would have her
"uncle" removed to her home in San
Francisco. The hotel manager refused to
give the woman the key to the box and
attending physicians declined to allow the
sick man to be moved from his rooms.
The "Countess" then declared that
Findlayson had made a will in her favor
and that A. C. Barry, claiming to be an
attorney and who resides in her flat at 905
Eddy street, had drawn it.
Raum was informed of the woman's
statement and on Saturday last filed a
petition for letters of guardianship.
Raum's attorneys are Dorn & Dora of
this city and Theodore J. Savage of San
Rafael. His legal advisers have "received
instructions to protect Findlayson's prop
erty from all persons representing them
selves as friends or relatives of the sick
man. Raum also intends to contest the
will alleged to have been drawn in favor
of the "Countess" should the woman pre
sent the document for probate in the event
of Findlayson's death.
The "Countess" Ingorgolia is not known
in local society's realm and she declines to
give ¦ any information as to her ante
cedants. She is between 40 and 45 years of
age and not prepossessing.- ' '
A few years agd she, was known as Miss
Ingorgolia. to the persons to whom sie
rented rooms in a flat on Post. street. A.
The protection of the courts is to be
thrown around the estate of James Find
layson, the capitalist, who is lying at the
point of death at the Hotel Rafael In San
Rafael, Marin County. ' '
V0N DUERING
HAS BAD DAY
IS NOT A NIECE
OF FINDLAYSON
"Please say as little ks you can about
the sale." said Hobart to The Call re
porter. "Some say I am broke and all
sorts of- things. I think that the less said
about the affair the better."
Hobart says t the place was too large for
him. "I can have just as much fun with
fewer horses and a smaller place," he ex
plains. - ¦ .
Hobart came into possession of the land
sX Uurlingame as part of the estate left
him by his father, W. S. Hobart, the capi
talist and mining man, who died ten years
ajjo. The land was formerly owned by a
gambler named Whipple.
r The late W. S. Hobart built the race
trsek that is on the property and his
son .erected the present magnificent resi
dence, which is supposed to have cost
J100.COO.
Charles W. Clstrk has not decided when
he will move into his newly acquired
home. He intends taking a trip East be
fore he permanently moves to Burlingame.
In further conversation Hobart said
the sale had been discussed for the last
two. weeks. The. new owner, obtains pos
session of the magnificent stables and
racetrack.
"Well, if you want to know, I have sold
the house and 203 acres to Mr. Clark. I
shall retain 300 acres myself."
The topic appeared to be very distaste
ful to him ana ne showed great impat.ence
when he was pointedly asked if he had
sold the place.
. Rumors have been circulated that Ho
bart was in straitened circumstances;
his enemies said he was "broke." One by
one he has sold his linest equipages and
bis best horses. His colors are no longer
seen going to the post — in fact, the last
few montns Hobart has seldom appeared
in his old imposing manner at the leading
functions.
5 Yesterdav afternoon Hobart strolled out
of the "grill" and watched with much
interest Mr. Beylard's coach swing into
the courtyard of the Palace. He had just
finished luncheon and was immediately
surrounded by some of the Burlingame
set, who were anxious to know if the re
port that he was negotiating for the sale
of his country place at Burlingame was
true.
- - -. < .•¦••-..- « ¦''-?.¦
"Walter S. Hobart has sold his palatial
country residence at Burlingame arid' 200
acres of land to Charles W. Clark, son of
Senator W. A. Clark of- Montana, for J200,
000. The - final details of the • purchase
-were -completed yesterday. ¦ Walter S.
Hobart 'will- still retain 3«0 acres of the
property. ,
An accident similar in nature occurred
at exactly the same place about three
months ago, in which four were injured
one seriously. _ • '
Nobody happened to be sitting in the
open part of the Washington-street car
where it was struck by the car on Mason
street, as fatalities in that case would
have been almost unavoidable. The collid
ing car crushed in the steps of the other
one and broke the flooring and seat into
splinters. The heavy trucks on the Wash
ington-street car were bent and it was
necessary. to insert new trucks before the
car could be moved and the track cleared
Following the usual custom of street
car companies, the officials refused to give
any information' regarding the names- of
those injured or the extent of their in
juries. Six of those seriously hurt were
given " emergency treatment at a drug
store on the corner of Washington and
Mason streets, the proprietor of which
showed commendable willingness and un
usual skill in handling the wounded.
As quickly as possible a wrecking crew
was gathered and the i work of clearing
the line began. So badly were both cars
damaged that it took four hours of hard
work before the line was again open to
traffic. • : • ¦
OUTSIDE SEATS EMPTY.
-Somehow the gripman failed to see It
and kept the speed of his car unchecked
until a collision was unavoidable.- Some
of .the passengers on the car on Washing
ton, street assert that in addition to Grip
man Miller's negligence, J. C. Patterson,
the gripman of the other- car, ' t the
cable at the top of the hill and was en
deavoring to recover it on the wav down,
being compelled to neglect his car in the
meantime. .
Superintendent Skinner said that the re
sponsibility for the .accident rested with
E. M. Miller, the gripman of car 470,
which came -along Mason street, bound
north. The car on Washington street had
the right of way and an automatic signal
at the corner indicates when a car starts
to come down the Washington-street hill.
This signal was in working order and
registered properly, as was evident after
the collision.
James Hooper received three cuts on the
head, one of them being three inches
in length; : Tim Hopkins, a receiver for
the- Powell-street ' car line, had his nose
broken and face cut by being thrown up
against the front of the Mason-street car.
Several others received minor cuts, but
left the, scene of. the- wreck before their
names were ascertained. •
' Samuel' Rosenthal, a business man on
Front street, 'received; several scalp
wounds and .severe contusions about the
head.- He -/was sitting on the; front of the
car on Washington street-' on the . side
away from $ the* point of impact, and to
gether, -with., two: others, was ' thrown
headlong into the street; One man, whose
name "could not be learned,' had his teeth
driven through his lower lip and was
otherwise cut about the face.
Miss Rosenberg, residing at 1409% Scott
street, had her right hand and arm > cut
deeply in several places and her left hand
badly lacerated by. broken woodwork. . .
BLAMES THE GBIPMAN.
Mrs. Annie La Lanne. wife of the pro
- prletor of . the old : Poodle ; I)og restaurant
on Bush street.^ls the one wuose injuries
may develop tatai effects, although it was
stated ' last nignt that she .was resting
easily. "W hen tnu accident occurred she was
sitting inside one of the cars with ncr two
children, a boy and girl, and received a
blow on the back of the. Jitad. which forced
the blood from her nostrils and mouth,
fcjhe /was rendered : nearly unconscious,
:but quickly recovered and was able to go
to her home without assistance. - Sufcse
quently she was overcome with a faintiner
spell and the services of a physician were
| required during the night. .Louis, her son,"
aged '4 years, received a sprained , knee
and Martha, the little girl, had her right
leg bruised. - . . • • ¦
. J. - H. . Malette, " vice president of. the
Renters' ; Loan Association, suffered a
frightful gash in the iorehead and a split
lip. . He was riding on the front of the car
on Mason street and was thrown by the
shock . of- the .-collisions into the street,
striking on ' his face.
sengers were injured. Owing to
extieme good ..fortune, . the ' Injuries', of
none are tnought to be serious, but in one
case at lease it will : be several days • be
lore the extent of tne injuries received
will be Known. . :. - ¦ . - .
day afternoon ¦ and ten or more pas-
Twp cable cars on the ;Powell-street line
collided - on the loop at Washington and
Mason streets at 5:30 o'clock yester-
Place.
Former Owner Says He Can
Get Along With Smaller
Por.tunat ely None . Receives
; Id juries of a Fatal ¦¦' V *
Nature.
Senator Clark's Son
, Buys Property for
$200,000.
Several Persons Hurt at
Mason and Washing-^
ton Streets. _vk
TWO CABLE CARS
CRASH TOGETHER
HOBART SELLS
COUNTRY HOME
the sAy; Francisco; call, tujbsday, may 6, 1902.
TITLE IS ALL THAT IS GOOD
OF NEW PLAY AT THE ALCAZAR
12
ADVEBTISE3IENTS. i
iMi!wFEEi
JAVA and MOOHA, per pound .-. 25o
; Ground -while you wait. Positively the best.
BUTT iR, iho very finest, psr square . . . . 35c
Remember vre sell nothing- but the best
brands.
E6Q , the very le;t, per dozan . ; . 20o
Don't pay 23c when you can buy at this
price. """
SUGAR, pura cane, gnnvUUd, 24 lbs...$1.00
. ' Full weight: and best quality only. [
TEA, any V.end, cur 6O0 kind, p.r li:. i 45 8
' COCOA ,GiinrdeM'f,l-2ib tin 1....20o
'. ' This ls a reliable brand. Reg. ' 23c.""
GRAPE HUTS, the 1 eg 15a pig, 2 pkgg.'..25c
'-"¦ "A eoou brsrln builder. . . ....
j SCAP, good sundry. 11 cikes. . . t ... 25c
';. The kind that makes washing easy?"
POWDIR; for washing, 1ft pkg, Splrga.. 2 c
ke°e'^r"s? Verl?Ok ! hl3 ~ a Plckup for honae ~
An;mo:i3, Greer's wasningammoaia,qtbot2Co
Guaranteed triple strength. .. •¦Reg. 25c
CHEESE, laroy mDd, 2 pWs ...... .:....25c
. Soft- and creamy.
HAM, Deviled,. 1-4 siza, 6 cars ......... 2£c
• Makes nice, sandwiches. '
RICE, best qna!ib 7 : Jap n , 5 Xbi .... .'. ..25°
;• Nice and large— not broken. Reg. 10c lb.
: CASTILE, Fre:ch. fcr the toileV bar. . ..25c
Reg. 30c. Vlrftln branO.
T.H. OOROORA N & bo.
I2OI VALENCIA ST.
Phone -Mission 0. se. cor! 2M st.
_AJj«afrg^ * s w eak Eyes Strengthened.
9^ Paln 'ul or inflamed eyes in-
5*i£gg££*&3£ nantly relieved with GEORGE
¦.f^T^ff MAYKRLE-S German -Eye
Water. 5Oc, at 1071 Market
'^W>j!^ir g r* mt - Tel. South 572. None jen-
u ine without this trademark.
ADVEBTISEHEEKTS.
1 '*'• • "'''* ' - ¦'¦'-- ¦ * -•-'.'-• > - . • '... . . -¦ - .
' "^ l^ mmmm *—^— ¦ ¦¦^— — — i—^— — — — — — — —— : ' "^ MMM *
MONDAY.
I^«jjT all depends upon what you want in a soap,
r^& If you require simply a dirt remover, almost
any soap will do. But if you care at all about
•' ? ' the thing which is to be washed, you must
think twice before you act. ' Any soap will clean linens.
and muslins, but Ivory Soap leaves them as white as
snow. Any soap will clean sheets and table cloths, but
Ivory Soap leaves no coarse, strong odor. Try it oncel
§ IT FLOATS.
•o*rm*«T ict* tv me rnoertit « 0AMM.C co. etNciawm
ft '¦/¦¦¦•¦ / - ¦¦¦¦; ¦": ' "^
J /^tAy7^o Pdir g/
; ilifilil' so3i S - e: fh^Vf 6 all u sniart .-'seasonable'
lH -k Mllm M EM d?cV 8 pri liti ?* yIes ' tha t . discriminating \
tfil III ;/ lit 7l arcsbers like to wear In Mnrimo nu^i
¦' '•«' ; ¦ /I fill I l qtS ' and^ Oifo^s; stiff bosomf'p?auJd'
\ ' WWW b^oms and golf styles. Two pair of cuffs
--¦-:¦¦ % W'U ' witn each Shlrt is a special tptu{r* n ? 7.,,
'¦ : : -- v ' \\tWW ¦¦¦' • ''r^^.^^^y./o^^xt^^: 0^--: <
' i : :; : andfw2l?made?at regUl " $1>M V^ VeS elsewhere : a »>nappy, : stylish ' ¦ '
> /"' "A fine line of Combed . Egyptian Yarn Underwear in hlimnr,^ « 1
. shades ;' the regular dollar and a half kind, at blue and pink
\ . ' 5^^iovJ\J the garment.
t , -^ Shlrts'made' to order for $1.50 each. The best shirts- on earth
1028-1030 Market St. -
I ¦; : :sAN i .FRANcrsco.; ,.-.:•;.. .; ..-;.. ;;: : •^'/••"''¦'¦¦• v r: J l"-'Ai>n : : oAK»]ANV»;- I ~'' i i
S; ;,;.;;:;:"': ;;";:" \\mmj .;.; :;;";";; ;;:,; "^'I'lmSiiff;" ' ¦ •¦'•";¦•¦ , MMI " ''J
DB. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
That word hacking is expressive U.
those who have experienced the aggra-
vating constant cough, which is called a
hacking cough. Sometimes it is the
result of a cold, or of grip, and some-
times it is a consequence of catarrh,
— ¦ which unchecked
JgpSLjp^ has gradually in-
ffJ»^L "\- yolved the lungs
M33§S5i in disease. Such a
/j cough finds its
>5 cure in Dr. Pierce's
J Golden Medical
Discovery which
¦S^-^^tRCS. cur ? s bronchitis,
Jc* • ""i^V Sl\ °b st * na . te coughs,
igS "^^\ @« J lung disease, hem-
B&m \fc4 orrhage, and con- !
Epi ft> _r*N di tions which,
I : ;M A neglected or un-
a&3m /Tl\\ / stilfu "y treated,
|.;.;'^W § \ A ea<^ to consumption.
\ _i!TOk_ri J&3& "For twelve years I
ll^^S^^^^Sr\ was a sufferer from
I e. ~^*mmt^^ i catarrh and was treat-
, , . ¦ . ed by one of the best
physicians in the State of North Carolina, who
said the trouble had reached my lungs," writes
Mr. J M. Patton. of Clotho. TransylVanla Co.
N. C r I grew worse every day until I tried Dr.
Pieree's medicines. Will say Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery with one bottle of Dr. Sage's
Catarrh Remedy cured me, and to-day I am well
and hearty, and I will say further that my
former physician, Vt. W. M. Lyday, recom-
mends Dr. Pierce's medicines to me and to
others. I am sure your medicines will core any
case of catarrh that exists. I recommend them
to alL",
If you ask your dealer for "Golden
Medical Discovery" because you have
confidence in its cures, do not allow
yourself to be switched off to a medicine
claimed to be "just as good," but which
you did not ask for and of which you
know nothing. - *
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. \ Send
21 one-cent stamps for the paper covered
book, or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound
volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo,. N. Y- . ,
A STITCH IN TIME
Saves nine. Your laundry bundles . here
B2ve excessive wear on your garments
and guarantees linen In perfect condition
for every occasion.
Perfect' collection and delivery system
assure prompt attention to your desires.
No 6aw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSX
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O. i
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo. Ave,