price rrvrE ce^ts.
Refugees Still Flee
m From Threatened
: i Sections. ,
Several 'Noted Men
Are r -Among the
• Missing.;
FORT.DE FRANCE, Martinique, May 27.— -Mont Pelee has again turned its wrath upon the
Island' of 'Martinique and; again have: human lives been sacrificed. For more than fifteen hours
."the! [volcano has been in a state of violent eruption, and as it grows constantly more threatening
the panic -of ' last week has been revived; Fort de France is being showered with ' ashes and mud.
Outside Theses. is • in r a terrible fury and the fear of a tidal ivaveis in the minds of all. The .exodus
from the island continues, and only those whose duty compels them remain in this city.
MONT PELEE AGAIN VISITS ITS AWFUL WRATH UPON MARTINIQUE
AND MORE HUMAN LIVES SWELL THE LIST OF ITS MANY VICTIMS
UNANIMITY OF SENTIMENT
IN SENATOR HANNA'S FAVOR
AT THE OHIO CONVENTION
Leaders of Buckeye
1 State Work in
Harmony.
Dress Parade^ of the
Candidates for
Governor.
"Our enemies may hurl their calumnies
upon our soldiers and sailors -and their
anathemas upon honored ; representatives
of our Government,- but they cannot dim
the glory. of our flag nor retard the day,
when the blessings of our free Institutions
Regarding the Philippines Governor
Nash said: /
whose lips fell the solemn pledge to pur
cue, without variation and untarnished,
the greUt and beneficial policies of Will
iam McKInley. Our loved one has fallen,
but -the nation and her people ¦ live, to
be blessed . forever by his .theories of
Government." . .
. "I i, congratulate you," the Governor
said, "that In the person of Theodore
Roosevelt we have' a President from
NASH PRAISES PRESIDENT.
upon as the enemies of the~people, but
as their friends, capable of still further
developlrfg ihd making useful | the great
resources of our State and giving to labor
remunerative employment and to capital
• safe investment. ¦ - — <
NOTED STATESMAN WHOSE ADHERENTS ARE RALLYING IN GREAT
STRENGTH . AT THE CLEVELAND CONVENTION : THE CHIEF EX- '
\ ECUTIVE OF THE BUCKEYE STATE AND A LOCAL LEADER OF
CONSIDERABLE NOTE... .V
VESSEL. THAT HAD A THRILLING EXPERIENCE DURING THE ERUP
TION ON MAY &TH AND SOME PICTURESQUE STRUCTURES AT ST.
: PIERRE THAT WERE RAZED BY ¦ THE VOLCANO.
Defalcations of ..; the -Runaway Ex
. President of Haiti Are Be
; coming-. Known.
KINGSTON, Jamaica", May 27.— A trust
worthy private correspondent cables from
Portau Prince that Simon . Sam/ the •'¦ run
away" ex-President of : Haiti. , stole ; $S,000 -
000 ; from- the public treasury during > his
Presidency.' The ; defalcations are only
now becoming known/ ;.' • _
?¦•¦¦:/•¦.¦. -.- ;P ¦ • •;.'•'.. ¦¦¦¦¦.-.'¦••'¦ • •' .-"*¦. •¦¦ .
SIMON SAM STEALS
EIGHT MILLION DOLLAHS
. No ; unions have yet declared a sym
pathetic ; strike, but v many -individual
members ; have r been; doing ; all In .their
power 1 to J aid the teamsters- and \ if { the
present-situation continues iriiuch longer,
It Is asserted In union circles, other locals'
such as Ahe ice ; and' coal men may join 1
the teamsters. , - •
-.¦¦•,•: -,-.;:¦. -;.:.< : -.. ¦. . - - . - . , / .;^. :¦ .. ..
CHICAGO, May ,27.— Chicago's . beef
supply from the stockyards has been al
most entirely cut off, and unless- the con
cessions demanded by the striking team
sters are granted within -the next day or
two fhe city will be face Xo face with
a meat famine. Not" only' have the big
packers failed in every attempt, to smug
gle .meat out of the yards, but the whole
sole and retail butchers, who .usually
drive their - own wa'gons and take, out
loads of provisions, have been forbid
den to dosojn the .future. A : number, of
them were-, to-day allowed to carry away
stuff :that .they ; had bought, from the
packers, but they were warned: not to re
turn for any more "until the trouble Is
settled. As a result there is'a movement
on foot among the . 1200 or more butchers
oZ Chicago to close their* shops- for: a
week: or two, or as long as may'be.neces-,
sary to defeat the packers in their, fight
against the teamsters. . Most of .them de
clare that they are In sympathy .with* the
strikers and , f eel ' that stopping the -safe
of beef would'be the most effective; way
to help the teamsters.
CHICAGO IN DAN&BR
OF A MEAT FAMINE
Continued on Page Two.
Late arrivals report that Morne
Rouge has not been destroyed. The
force of the explosion continues to be
exerted in the direction of the sea, and
unless this is changed the village will
probably stand. All this morning the
eruption has been incessant. The
shower of ashes here is worse than
ever before, but there has not been any
From Morne Rouge to Fort da
France by the devious path that was
traveled was almost forty miles. That
distance was covered before dawn of
this morning.
•This city was found in a panic almost
as intense as that- existing at Morne
Rouge, and there was here no priest to
give consolation.
On all sides. were natives praying and
cursing in turn. Many exhausted fell
by the way and were unable to continue.
They pleaded pitifully for help, but it
was not in the power of any one to aid
them.
NATIVES IN GREAT FEAH.
nations were of sufficient strength to
make the ground tremble. It seemed
to the weary travelers as if the moun
tain top^ swayed above their heads. To
add to the horror , of the situation the
travelers encountered every now and
then a fer-de-lance, the deadliest of all
snakes. Scattered specimens of these
serpents, of which thousands have been
killed by the eruptions, were seen amid
the glare from the volcano, and the
flashes of lightning gliding over the
rocks and hurrying away/ as if they,
too, , had learned that their mountain
home was no longer a safe place for
them.
When the 'start was. made on the re
turn trip to Fort ,'de; France the guides
and servants were gone.. The newspaper,
men were" left to > find their way. across
the hills as best. they could. It was ' a
weary and long journey. -The'distance
vyas. increased by the lack of knowledge
of the ¦ pathos.' I It .was a .night of terror!
Behind, Mont; Pelee; continued to belch
fire, . ashes, .smoke arid riuid. .The ' deto-
Part of this scene, of terror was.wit
nessed by the ..representatives - of. the
Herald and The Call. . They saw ; the
cohimn of smoke and. ashes shoot into
the airj .They watched the hot. and
stearhing mud ; pour- down the side of
the volcano.'- They/watched the old
priest, calm and brave, giving ; encour-*
agement to those. whom he. regarded as
his children.' ¦ ' Such . a ¦ display of . light
ning as was seenhas not often occurred.
It was terrific and awe-inspiring. . From"
the lightning greater danger was appre-.
henifid "than ;! from* the direct - effect of
the eruption: \
HORRORS OF THE TRIP.
Others' turned, instinctively to the
priest as their protector. He directed
them to the church, telling them that
they could not escape at ; that j late hour
by fleeing and that they should pray
for preservation "from the 'danger, that
threatened them. { This was done.
Scores went frito the' church and fell
upon their knees, but by far the greatest
number ran without daring to look be
hind. . " . V
existence as. was St.? Pierre. It was
while he was talking that the explosion
came. From their homes the inhab
itants of the village ran in. a panic.
Some did not wait to see what was hap
pening, but hurried off in the direction
of Fort de France. ; V. '" ¦
While Senator Hanna declined to speak
to-day in advance of General Grosvenor,
It is understood that he will respond to
morrow and his speech is anticipated
with more interest than any other event
ft the convention. , .
Above the , platform were ; suspended
large portraits of McKInley and Roose
velt. Senator Hanna sat* in the rear of
the large hall with the Cuyahoga dele
gation, but he was the center of attrac
tion, even there. After the convention
adjourned he repaired ¦ to his home, and
to-night that place became the Mecca
of delegates and others. .. v.-';"
PORTRAITS OF PRESIDENTS.
has been the center of Interest
since hjs arrival from .Washington last
Sunday. The conferences of leaders with
him continued to-day, but when It came
to the. meeting' of the delegates by Con
gressional districts this afternoon the
sentiment for him was demonstrated in
an unprecedented degree. His • friends
had claimed eighteen out of the twenty
one districts and mere than realized their
expectations. Interest center.ed in the se
lection of the commltteemen, as the new
State Central Committee, selected to -day,
will have control next- year -when mem
bers of the Legislature are- elected who
will choose the successor to Hanna in the
Senate. It Is claimed to-night that only
one antl-Hanna man was elected ; on the
new State committee, and that he had
been "reconciled." The drift of senti
ment in all the preliminary meetings was
more enthusiastic for the Senator, and
In the convention the delegates would not
rest until he got up and "showed" him
self, although he Insisted that he would
not discuss the issues in advance of the
keynote speech pi General ' Grosvenor,
who Is to be the permanent presiding of
ficer to-morrow. .
S~*^ LEVELAND, O., May 27.— The'
g * feature of the , Republican
MM . . State convention to-day was
tne unanimity of sentiment in
favcr of Senator Kanna. He
":¦ The 'original plan -was that the visit
: should -be vma'de to' the crater is soon
as possible, ' arid a quick " return \o Fort
de France .to avoid;all'danger. v
1 the evening rrieal was -being prepared
Ihc.priest pointed out the _work" of ruin
• that had been; accomplished.- -He said
that he "had 'refused to .leave'- his; post,
though: he 'was not -.at all certain that
Morne Rouge would 'riot =be swept from
¦ ' '* -- ¦ *"S-^ " ':*'- '- '>''"¦. :*-" V.* '-' r '' 7* »,1 I
SCORES GO' TO . CHURCH.
jsp-^ORT DE ¦ FRANCE. Mar-,
ff ;~-j .tinique, y : May . .27.— Mont
S v'Pelee has again dealt death
JL : -to;- the inhabitants of stricken
' . Martinique! This time Pelee
gave no warning, of the devastation that
it was preparing to work. The volcano
was all but somnolent and the internal
rumblings were infrequent.. This state
continued, until half-past 8'0'cloctc last
night, when an explosion of terrible
force occurred. ¦ Immediately hot jnud
began pouring into the sea from every
side of the mountain. Flamesshot sky
ward and ashes floated in great clouds.
The outbreak .was . acompanied by Jan
electrical- display that was the : worst
seen here since the trouble began. ;>.; ;:J
¦ It was^only by; good "fortune that two
representatives of the.' Herald arid The
Call were; riot; among those who were
killed. .Believing that Mont Pelee, for
a time at least) had ceased activity, an
expedition* was planned for the purpose
offgetting photographs of the craters
and { descriptions of the. conditions
about the volcano. Forming the expe
dition : were .-. *a. correspondent and : a
photographer for 'the .Herald v and The
Call and several' natives who were em
ployed as guides and servants. V.
After a wearying; march, -which - took
most of_ Monday,' Morrie Rouge .was
reached .about -.half-past 7 "o'clock
in the. .morning. The newspaper
men were : welcomed' ¦ by ; a -kindly
disposed priest, who gave' such
information as was.; in his possession.
He insisted --upon a pause being made
for refreshments,^ and- v in his : humble
home food was prepared. It" was- this
generous courtesy : of the priest that
saved the ¦expedition t from: destruction.
From the < Special '¦¦¦ Correspondent | of
The Call and . the New York Her
ald. • Copyright, 1902, by the^New
York Herald Publishing Company.
After the full committee on resolutions
had been In session until after 11 p. m. a
sub-committee consisting of Dick, Hard
ing and Tayler was appointed to revise
the draft of a platform that General Dick
had J . submitted and that had been con
sidered by sections. ¦ Tbe principal change
was in the plank of reciprocity. A reso
lution offered by; Albert A. Douglas, after
minor changes, was substituted for the
plank that General Dick had drafted on
that matter. The only contest in the com
mittee was on this plank, which is an en
dorsement of the policy of President
Roosevelt and bf the" Ohio Republican
Congressmen with the exception of. Dick.
In this; contest Senator' Hanna has not
co-operated . with Congressman Dick.
The platform of the latter, was" adopted
with this single exception by the commit
tee and as modified it probably will be
adopted by the convention.
The committee on resolutions organized
with Congressman Dick as chairman.
After the usual exchange of opinions the
committee took a recess for dinner till 8
o'clock. It was announced tHat Chairman
Dick had drafted a platform and that It
had been decided that it would be consid
ered first section by section in the full
committee and that if it was adopted
without material changes there would be
no occasion for a sub-committee.
After the completion pi other routine
business there were calls' for Senator
Hanna until he was compelled to respond,
but he refused to discuss public questions
ln^ advance of the address of the perma
nent chairman. This declination in cour
tesy to General Grosvenor was accepted,
and after a demonstration in honor of
Senator Hanna the convention adjourned,
after being in session only an hour, until
10 a. m. to-morrow. The committees went
into session at once.
CALLS FOR HANNA.
The twenty-one Congressional districts
were called at the conclusion of Governor
Nash's speech and the selections made at
the district meetings were announced for
members of the new State Committee,
vice presidents and assistant secretaries
and also the members of the committees
on credentials, permanent organization
rules and order of business.
will be enjoyed by that people."
The armory which has 8000 chairs, was
well filled when 'Hon. P. W. Durr, y of
Cincinnati, chairman; of the State Central
Committee,, called the convention to or
der this afternoon. The leaders, notably
Hanna, Governor Nash, General Grosve
nor and many prominent politicians, were
cheered as they entered.
Chjalrman Durr reviewed the history, of
the last State campaign and congratulat
ed the;party on' the outlook for'thlsyear.
Governor George K. Nash was then an
nounced as temporary chairman. ,'He
was tendered an ovation on being.'in
troduced. He spoke at ' length j of the ac
tion of the State Legislature in regard to
taxation and corporations, saying: .
! "The corporations should not be looked
. One. of the most important conferences
was held ¦ between Senator Hanna and
George B. Cox, of Cincinnati, and con
tinued so long this morning that quite
a crowd was kept in waiting outside '.of
Senator Hanna's office.
OPENS CONVENTION.
With the platform completed to-nlgat
and only three nominations for minor
places to be made, it -Is thought that the
convention will conclude early to-morrow,
although General Grosvenor will speak at
length, and the time of Senator Hanna's
speech. is something of which he .himself
is unable to give any information.
At the meeting of the committee on res
olutions to-night It was reported that
most of the opposition to Chairman
Dick's draft of. a platform came from
Harding, Daugherty, Douglass and Tay
ler. They wanted the plank on Cuban
reciprocity to . Indorse President Roose
velt's policy specifically rather than . in
terms of a general indorsement of the na
tional administration.
At. the .meeting, of the delegates from
the Eighteenth District R. W. Tayler de
clined the nomination for re-election - as
Congressman on account of recent en
gagements as an attorney, but his friends
were prompt in stating that this did not
put him out. of the race for the Gov
ernorship.
• IN BACE FOB, GOVERNOR.
While, the interests of Senator Hanna
v.-ere paramount i In the selection of all
the committees, all the others, were recog
nized in the selection of the committee on
resolutions. Seven Congressmen— Dick,
Gill, Hildebrandt," Nevin. Skiles, Tayler
and . Kyle— were • selected on this commit
tee, and three members of the Legisla
ture, . Harding, Patterson - and Cole. The
dress parade at this convention of candi
dates for 'the Republican gubernatorial
nomination continued into the district
meetings, which favored their respective
favorites by placing Dick, Daugherty,
Douglas, Harding and Tayler on the com
mittee on resolutions.
A statement, issued . by a news agency
this morning says that Lord Kitchener
will 'become adjutant general of the
forces Instead of. taking command of the
Indian army, as previously reported.
A. J. Balfour, the Government lender,
made no statement In the House of Com
mons to-day : regarding the peace agree
ment, but he announced a postponement
of the budget discussion, fixed for. this
week, remarking that. It would be very
inconvenient to ! debate the budget while
there were other things in the. balance.
He explained that it w*ould be impossible
in' discussing the budget to prevent refer
ences to the peace negotiations.
* *K dispatch to the Dally Telegraph from
Pretoria reports that 200 Boers have sur
rendered at Frankfort, Orange River Col
ony. ,'~ '. . - . ',¦', ¦ .'•'¦' ;'-
POSTPONES BUDGET.
The Daily Telegraph says It understands
that theytablnet has decided to retain the
tax on grain. J " .
According to the views of officials here
there »is nothing to warrant the pessi
mistic opinions expressed in ' some quar
ters as to- the outcome of the discussions
at Pretoria ' and at Vreenlnging. '.. The
Government' continues to be satisfied that
the negotiations will result in a peaceful
settlement. Some minor points are being
discussed, but these are expected to be
fully disposed of within a day or two.
Meanwhile the .basis v f or. this almost
u niversal belief that peace \ has practically
been concluded is riot apparent. The Gov
ernment does not commit itself and news
papers claiming to possess special infor
mation have forfeited confidence by a long
' series of fluctuations and contradictions.
Boers on. the! -Continent and in London
hold their' tongues, saying nothing further
than . peace, cannot' come except :on terms
¦wjhich j safeguard the honor and' vital ¦ in
terest of the burghers. / - ;'- ¦
.. How .weary. --England is ,^of . the war', is
demonstrated i.by^jh^^f^.ej^h^ajajrfety * bf
all 'classes' t6 hear^tMaT'the sword ;has
been sheathed. -
CONSIDERED BY CABINET.
The British Cabinet .was Jin session for
two hours to-day discussing the com
munications received from Pretoria since
the meeting of the Ministers oh j Friday
last. ' It is understood that the inner com
mittee of. the Cabinet will telegraph : the
result of the deliberations ,- to Pretoria.-
The Boer delegates at the Transvaal capi
tal will then probably return' to Vreening
ing | and report tp the. burghers who are
still assembled there. ' • •¦•.;;.
WEAKY ; OF THE WAIL
LONDON, May ; 27.— Preparations are
well advanced in » the principal towns and
villages throughout ' the ' country for a
record-breaking 7 - of ! the . con
clusion of peace in South Africa. "Wild as
were the orgies after the relief of Lady
smith and Maf eking, it is 'believed they
will be outdone when the glad tidings are
received that the with the Boers
is finished. : -V • ¦•¦-.
was expected at !any' moment.
Complete settlement : of ;. the terms of
peace, it was added, had been reached and
an official announcement to this effect
NEW YORK, May; 27.— In its latest edi
tion the Evening Telegram • announced
that a telegram- recelvedjn" New". York to
day from a source In London, which a cor
resi^ndent has ascertained to be of un
questionable authority, ' stated ;'* that the
war in South Africa is at an; end.'.' ¦; tf-'. .
Special Dleoatch to The Call.
British Prepare if or
Celebration Wtien
BdM Yield.
Arranged.
However, All ': : Terms
ofPe^eAreNof
Cablegtam Received
FronyLotidotiSaySr
Strife Is at End.
REPORTS
THE WAR
IS OVER
VOLUME XCI— KO. 179.
SAN FBAKCISCO, WEDNESDAY,- MAY .v 28,^1 9O2. :
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page "One.
NEWX.Y -MADE •- CAPTAINS QF I
,' THE. SAN FJRANCISCQ^POLICE .;
$ DEPARTMENT.
PARIS, May 27.— In order to j avoid a
possible epidemic among the 7000 refugees
now at Fort de France, it has been de
cided to distribute them among a number
of depots. ' . ¦ ¦ • . ¦.
Depots for Eefugeel.
ROSEAU, Island'of Dominica, B. .W. I.,
May 27.— During the whole of last night
ashes from the volcano on .the island of
Martinique fell here In ¦ greater " quantity
than has been experienced since the out
break of Mont Pelee. "•¦ .
Ashes From the Volcano.
CASTRIES, Island of St. Lucia, B. W.
I., May 27. — Flames were seen on the
Island of Martinique at frequent intervals
lag't ' nlghth They were visible : from : the
signal station at this port. .
FORT DE FRANCE, .Island of Mar
tinique, ;May 26, 9 p. m.— For the space of
'one* hour flames rose from the cfater to
the height of 150 meters. The crater
seemed to be about 300 meters In diameter.
Flames W Martinique.
- KINGSTON,' r . Jamaica,-;, May 27— The
planters here, including- the United Fruit
Company, an American concern, are
warmly supporting the proposal to bring
hundreds of the sufferers- from -the vol
canic on the island of St. Vin
cent to work on estates here, and also to
settle them on tho'crown lands. The Gov
ernment of Jamaica Is being asked to
make, an offer to transport- people from
St. Vincent to Jamaica. \ . ¦
Jamaica to Aid Sufferers.
of vapor and steam, rising to a consider
able height and spreading over the neigh
borhood. Roaring sounds from the moun
tain also caused apprehension of another
eruption. Severe lightning lasted all
night Saturday and Sunday. Eight Inches
of rain fell at Kingstown between Sat
urday and I Monday and the heaviest
downfall since the hurricane.
Further Interesting incidents which oc
curred'during the recent eruption of the
Souf riere volcano are- continually coming
to light. : While all the residents of the
village oCMorne Ronde were leaving that
place by boat, a man who had declined to
leave was seen running up and down the
shore, screaming for help and saving that
the ground was so hot that the water
was boiling and that lava was coming
down the mountain. It was Impossible to
rescue him and he died a horrible- death.
A Dathetic scene was witnessed when a
father and mother,* holding each other's
hands,, the woman having an infant at her
breast and with another child at her" feet,
were. all struck dead together.
The United States steamer Dixie has
done splendid work here and has rendered
great assistance to the Government. The
Americans evince the greatest Interest in
the Island generally. " .. ... .. v . - ?
Hobson \Will \ Be Retiredi
-.WASHINGTON, 1 - May, '¦ 27.-The % Senate
Committee : on Naval-:- Affairs has" • agreed
to report;. favorably the- bill -providing for
Rlch^ond'P^Hob3o n^ aV^- C ° n8^ UCt0^
COPENHAGEN. Denmark. May 27 —
King Christian, after a -long conference
to-day with the Premier, Dr. Deuntser
finally acceded to the proposal ' of the
United States to extend for a?year the
time limit for the ratification^ the Dan
ish West Indies treaty. This action was
taken in spite of very heavy pressure
upon the part of the opposition press and
many of the royal family.
King Extends the Time Limits
WASHINGTON, May 27—At the re
quest of President Palma. Secretary Hay
has instructed all the United, States con
sular officers to charge themselves with
any business that may arise at their
posts appertaining to Cuban commerce
This is a temporary arrangement and
will last only until the Cuban Govern
ment can appoint its own consular of
ficers.
American Consuls Will Act.
May 27.— The Republi
can members of the Senate Committee on
Relations with Cuba held ;'a meeting to
days but reached no agreement. Members
of. : ..the,. committee V' say they . believe,, an
agreement will be reached before the end
o? 'the we'ek, and' expect'.a measure upon
which: the- majority of the Republicans
.will unite. -•.,;.,:.'. lz, r:-~ : -";.- ¦ : .-.' V.'
,'The conference 'was hot," complete. Sev
eral Senators had: to : attend -other meet
lngs^andj left early. ;¦ Such 'progress -was
made,, however, that Senator Platt, chair
man of »the ; corhmittce, expressed' the be
lief that' an agreement would j be obtained
at the nexti meeting. •: . : ;
K.The? Republican "members of the com
mittee are agreed . on . the proposition to
make, a reduction of 20 .per cent In r tho
.tariff on Cuban; importations and I to fix
the time for such reduction at five I years,
but some of the Senators desire to couple
'.with this a' provision to the : effect that
none / of the,. benefits of * the reduction
shall, go to any. trust. . : :
j Others suggest a reciprocal requirement
¦frpnr Cuba; that. that country shall model,
us labor and .Immigration laws' In accord
ance with suggestions to .be made - by. the
United States. Both "these propositions
are antagonized, and it is not -yet "certain
.whether, anything will be done in. these
fleets: ,The present indications are that ;
the; bill which will y be reported- will pro
vide >for.; a '• straight reduction .of ,20 per
cent,. to run for. five; years,, and that. there
will be few, If any,* other propositions, in
It; -It is now believed that all the Repub
lican ..members <; of the committee can
agree, on such a . measure. ?, •.:¦'.•.•,• ¦
•Herr Rich ter (Radical) during a scath
ing criticism of the bill said; it. appeared
to. have been "dictated : from .the saddle,
with orders .to advance and "to,'- attack
•with it at quick th-ne,. without regard.- to
what might be trodden under foot." , The
bill;/- he declared, : violated ;- the ¦ principle
that I all Prussians: were 'equal before * the
law.: ti was remarkable that the moment
when the /dictatorship paragraph r. waa
abolished : . In . the -.West V.was .;¦ chosen7> for
the* enactment of a ¦• similar ; exceptional
measure in the: Bast. • The promised' ac
tion,was not 'German but ultra-German. '•
' Herr Shuman, a ¦ Pole, ¦ bitterly .'de
nounced the Government. for. not keeping
faith, with the Poles; and. at the ¦conclu
sion of ' his speech," the' Polish* members
left* the House in a body. .? " •: : ;•,
Herr Frltzen, Centrist, protested against
the expenditure of a-quarter of a million
marks while questions of greater impor
tance were shelved, on the ground of the
.bad financial condition of the State.; ¦'¦•;:-
'BERLIN, May 27.— The debate on the
bill providing for : strengthening the Ger
man | element in the Polish provinces ' of
Prussia began In the lower house; of the
Prussian Diet to-day.'. ¦¦¦',¦
j The Chancellor. Count V-vorn Bulow, said
the Government , was compelled for: the
sake of the security of the monarchy, to
erect a bulwark against agitation . in
favor of granting Poland • constitutional
rights. The Poles would be safeguarded,
but: any effort to change the existing re
lations of the two nationalities, would be
rigorously: suppressed. : ': .' • .
-The Government's object was to con - 1
tlnue the policy inaugurated ¦ by . Prince
Bl.smarck'in 1886. *The present bill was
only a commencement." Next winter fur
ther measures would be Introduced to
strengthen the German element In the'
Eastern > provinces, Including an Increase
of salaries of the officials of the middle
and. lower ranks, and those of the teach
ei/SiOf the elementary schools. The Chan
cellor ; concluded with an appeal to the
House' to support ; the Government '• In its
protection of German ; customs : and > man
riers. ¦ . v ¦' ¦¦ ¦-. ...' .---¦- ¦ \ ¦,'':¦'¦;¦ '¦"'.
The Lyceum Clothing Company
Is selling Hirechman Bros.' strictly all
wool suits, worth $15, for $5.85 at the
manufacturers 1 clothing sale, 915 Market
street, opposite. Mason. ¦ • • •
Warm Debate in Prus
sian Diet/.Gauses a
Sensation.
Republicans in the Sen-
CvUw CV.1 t3 XN UU 1 ub r.-ii
Decided.
Nominations by the President.
WASHINGTON. May 27.--The Presi
dent cent the * following nominations to
the Senate to-day. Army— Francis J
Bailey. Oregon, assistant surgeon with
rank of captain of volunteers. Navy-
Commander William M. Swift, to be cap
tain; lieutenant. Junior grade. R. C.'Bul
mer, to be lieutenant.
Lieutenants to be lieutenant command
ers-Martin Bralnert and Robert F Lo
pez. *
CUBA PROBLEM
STILL IN AIR
NEW YORK, May 27.— The North Ger
man Lloyd steamer Kronprinz Wllhelm.
which arrived to-day from Bremen, lost
two seamen overboard on the voyage and
four others had narrow escaoes from a
similar fate. Stormy weather was en
countered during the latter - part' of the
trip and last Friday six sailors,' while on
the upper deck trying to close two heavy
iron doors, were caught in an enormous
sea, which swept- over the deck. Two of
them, were carried overboard and drown
ed. The alarm was given and two life
buoys were cast -adrift. The vessel
steamed about the buoys for an hour and
a. half before giving up the search for
the men. W. .K. Vanderbllt was among
the passengers on the Kronprinz Wil
helm. .. -
Atlantic Liner Loses Seamen.
POLES DEPART
IN INDIGNATION
During the rainstorm the Souf riere vol
cano appeared to give forth ; dense clouds
Thunderstpnn Adds to v jthe. Terrors of
'_ ."the"! Stricken' Island.
KINGSTOWN, ; Island'. vof -St. -Vincent,
May. 26.'-^On 'Saturday': [night '.\ the dense
clouds forming a canopy over- the" greater
part of the -island .lowered, and; a severe
thunderstorm, . accompanied by. a', j heavy
rainfall, bxQke.over SJu. Vincent ajndjxxjn
tinued until- to-day, causing -the mud
streams ' in'v the} -Windward ',.-. district'/ of
Georgetown -to • be * flooded. ' ' The" \yater
pipes were damaged, several houses- were
washed away rand two' ' lives .• were lost.
The rainfall was so heavy, that it dis
turbed the bodies of burled Victims of the
volcanic disaster and corpses with putrid
flesh hanglng.to the bones were exposed
to view. , ,- . -..•-, .-
ST. VINCENT IS FLOODED.
Early In the session a committee was
appointed by the Senate to confer with a
like committee of the House about the
disagreement which has arisen between
the two houses on the army bill ¦
¦ri!L the 5°^^ . of a collo <iuy' between
Lodge and Dubois at the conclusion of
Pattersons speech it was developed that
four speeches jet remain to be delivered
In the general debate— by Spooner, Bacon
Clay and Carmack. Dubois suggested
that the minority, so far as he knew
would gladly vote next Tuesday This
statement led to a discussion as to hold:
jngr a session of the Senate on Memorial
During the discussion a proposition was
made- that a time be fixed on alternate
Tuesdays, beginning next week, for a
vote On the Philippine bill, the Nicaragua
canal bill and the Cuban reciprocity bill
and that a final adjournment be agreed
on for the fourth Tuesday, but it was too
startling to be taken seriously, although
some Senators regarded it favorably
For several hours to-day Patterson of
Colorado discussed the Philippine ques
tion, concluding the speech which he be
gan yesterday. After reviewing and com
menting on the general Philippines ques
tion, he attacked the pending bill, par
ticularly its provisions regarding the
holding of lands. He declared that it was
monstrous and never should be enacted
into law. He urged that the Filipinos be
granted their independence and drew an
eloquent word picture pf the turning over
lu t H 1110 * b y the United States of
the Islands when they had established a
government.
Senators Are Prepared to Talk on the
WASHINGTON, May . 27.— A fruitless
effort was made just before the adjourn
ment of the Senate to-day to secure an
agreement on a time for a vote on the
Philippine bill. The discussion indicated
that some day next week eventually
would be agreed upon, but no time was
fixed.
Philippine BilL
B^ADY WITH SPEECHES.
Hill is said to have advised that all
the northern villages; be evacuated.
Acting on this MTClerc; owner of a
large sugar plantation/* has ordered all
hands to Fort de France.
Mont Pelee is quiet to-night,, but the
whole island is in a state of terror. The
volcano is. puzzling all the scientists,
some of whom say the mountain has
thus far made only a- beginning.
:M6rne. Rouge .was .saved from de-.
struction last night only by .a miracle,
says a priest who was there. .-•'-,,
George. Kennan and Mr. Jacassi, who
represent a. New York magazine, have
been absent in the north five days and
have not been heard from. Friends of
the, 'noted explorer are beginning to
worry.. / .- ' ,, /-,. .V •» '¦-.,
of molten matter.
Robert T. Hill of the United. States
Geological Survey left here for. Mont,
Pelee yesterday afternoon and has npt
returned, nor has he been heard from.
He planned .to try to reach the crater,
from Morne Rouge, ; but it is believed
to be impossible to* reach more than
the base of the mountain, the sides .of
which are still red-hot from the flow
NOTED MEN MISSING.
storm of rocks such as occurred
week ago. . , - ;. ' .
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted. . . "
WASHINGTON, May 27.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced: The .post
office at the Presidio, San Francisco, will
be discontinued July L Postmasters ap
pointed—California—M. F. Spears,' Mer
ced Falls, Merced County, vice Simeon'
Baker, resigned. Oregon— TV. H. Flet
cher, Tanks, Umatilla County, vice De
witt C. French, removed.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Increase, James A. Garland, Berdan,
$10; George W. Clark, Fowler, $8; Hiram
H. House. Los Angeles, $8; William V.
Dill man, Veterans' Home, Napa, $10; Nel
son H. Brawner, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$12; Isaac N. Ellis, Oroville, $8.
Oregon— Original, Alonzo W.. Lamb,
Yoncalla, $6; Moses A. Welch, Riverton,
$6. Washington— Increase, Joseph France,'
Walla Walla, $10; John* Cole, Orting, $8;
Albert E. Goodwin, Mount' Vernon, $8;
John Q. Adams, Blrdsvllle, 8. Widows,
Mary D. Story, Redwood, $8.
Army orders announce that leave of ab
sence for four months and permission to
go beyond the sea is granted to Captain
Charles G. Dwyer, Third Infantry, upon
his being relieved from duty at the Pre
sidio, San Francisco. ;
These patents .were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Jacob Aegerter, San Francisco,
screw propeller; Charles F. Allen, Hue
neme, vaginal syringe; William H. Ames,
Watsonville, refrigerator case (2); James
W. Bedford," Sanf Francisco, * lifeboat
launching device; Arthur F. L. Bell, Car
genteria, assignor .to.Alcatraz Company,
an Francisco," extracting and refining
asphaltum; George S. Bennett, assignor
to J. W. Thatcher, San Francisco, bat
tery; Henry :€. Black. Oakland, can-test
ing apparatus; same, can end soldering
machine; Charles E.'Christman, assignor
to Motor Carriage Company, San' Jose,
muffler; Wendell P. Crane, assignor to S.
Emanuel and J. N. Stevens, trustees, San
Francisco, peanut roaster and > popcorn
popper; Emanuel W. Dunn, San Jose, oil
burner; Henry T. Hazard, Los Angeles,
suspenders; Ira G. Hoog, Los Angeles,
train order box; John Hoey, San Fran
cisco, ?jed bottom;. Ross ;A. Ludlow, as
signor one-half to M. Ludlow, Hanford,
transferring car or.. .truck; James D. Mc-
Farland Jr., assignor one-half ¦ to J.
Bruckman, San, Francisco, adjustable
speed gear; Arthur Mullan, San Francis
co, apparatus for unloading ships' car
goes; Eugene F. Smith, Stockton, bicycle
pump; Ralph G. Whltlock, Los Angeles,
duvice for holding removable leaves-'
Frank D. Wood, San Francisco, means
for working ores by the cyanide process;
Tacharia Xevers, Santa Cruz, stock or
poultry feeding device; John N. Young,
Alameda, heating apparatus. . • . . •
Oregon— Benjamin F. Blood, deceased.
Forest Grove, J. S. Blood administratrix,
swage block; John A. Bone, Maygers
food cutter; Alvan B. Buren, Salem,
burial vault; George H. Chance. Portland,
picture hanger; Arthur Cole, Hood River,
necktie frame; Martha O. Tell, : The
Dalles, drawer guard or support.
Washington— Ruf us N. M6ody, 'Aber
deen, marking machine; William J. Shill-
man, assignor one-half to J. F. Stearn3
Pullman, cheese cutter.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The Senate I amendments requiring
bonds by guarantee companies from cpnV
tractors and giving to the Secretary of
War discretion to extend the time, for the
completing of bridges was stricken ;,out;
Most of the amendments made by . the
Senate for large improvements were dis
agreed to and will go out .of the bill, if
the conference report is accepted. Among
the provisions which met this fate is the
appropriation of $150,000 for the improve
ment of the harbor at the island of
Guam. . ¦ . . . , .
The important Senate amendments
which were retained include the follow
ing: Oakland harbor, California, $100,000
cash, and $150,000 continuing contract,: In
stead of $868,000 continuing contract, as
originally provided for; Tacoma harbor,
Washington, $100,000 'continuing contract,
instead of $'.£2,000; Calaveras and Mormon
rivers, California, $50,000 cash, and $175,
000 contracts; Columbia River canal' at
Celilo Falls, Senate language • retained
and appropriation of $100,000, instead of
$400,000, as originally provided by the Sen
ate; for preliminary examinations and
surveys generally, $300,000, instead of $250,
000, as provided. by the House. . .
WASHINGTON, May 27.,-The confer
ees of the .two houses of Congress on the
rivers and harbors bill to-day reached a
final, agreement on that bill. The exact
figures showing the aggregate result of
their work have not been determined,
but it can be stated that of the $9,500,000
appropriation added by the. Senate, only
about $4,500,000 was retained, the provis
ions calling for the remaining $5,000,000
being disagreed to by the House con
ferees. As the bill will be reported, It
makes a total appropriation of. about
165,000,000 in direct appropriations and for
work authorized.. ..
Senator Culberson here entered on the
line of questions to bring out the details
or the witness* information concerning
the administration of the water cure
McDonald said that except on one oc
casion he never had been a witness to the
process and that this occasion was th*
one in which the presidente of Igbaras
was subjected to this treatment. .He said
that at the time Captain, now Major
Olenn, judge advocate of General Hughes'*
department, was in command and that he
S?™* 004 the P r X soner had been given
the water cure on Captain Glenn's order.
Rawlins sharply resented 'this -remark
and said If he could not be 'protected: in
the committee he would remain away.
Chairman Lodge stated that Senator Diet
rich's remark was not in order and- the
latter responded that he did not Intend to
call highminded Senators designing pol
iticians. : '.
Captain McDonald was questioned con?
cerntnff the taking of prisoners and. also
the buraint of some towns. He said he
gave orders to burn several towns whicli
were in hostile country and sheltered
ladrones.. and insurgents. Captain Mc-
Donald stated that he intended 'to 'ask
that O'Brien be prosecuted by the Federal
authorities for perjury. Senator Lodge,
chairman of the committee, said there
was no doubt that steps would be taken
looking to the man's 'prosecution. "="
Captain McDonald's testimony- in' the
main consisted of the presentation of of
ficial documents procured from the War
Department for the purpose of refuting
statements made by O'Brien derogatory to
the. character of McDonald. The first "of
these was a record showing that O'Brien
had been on duty at San Joaquin from
July 12, 1900, to February 26, 1901, whereas
he had testified that he was present- at
Igbaras, thirty miles away, when that
town was burned, November 2, liKKJ. . This
was the occasion upon which, according
to O'Brien's testimony a Spanish woman
was maltreated by American officers and
enlisted men. The witness also presented
a. complete set of accounts of Company
M to show that he was not a "thief ''as'
O'Brien had charged he was.
The witness related the details of the
execution at the town of Guimbal of the
Filipino bandit, Pedro Gardenefo, who
O'Brien had said, was mistreated by Cap
tain McDonald to the extent that he had
been subjected to a court-martial The
witness said that Gardenero had been
guilty of many heinous offenses against
the natives and, having been captured by
them, was about to be executed in the
public square when he was rescued by
American soldiers and turned over to him.
Subsequently he had placed Gardenero in
the hands of Captain Boardman who
turned him over to the civil authorities,
f^ 1^ ¥ them he was executed. Captain
McDonald said he and Boardman had been
tried by court-martial for placing the man
In the hands of the civil authorities and
had been found guilty -of the act. Gen
eral Hughes, he said, however, disap
proved the findings as Inadequate savin*
that no punishment was preferable to that
prescribed.
WASHINGTON. May 27.— Captain Mc-
Donald continued his statement before the
Philippine Committee of the Senate and
presented official statements to refute the
testimony of Corporal O'Brien. Senator
Rawlins of Utah said the statements were
unnecessary to refute O'Brien. Senator
Dietrich retorted that if O'Brien's state
ment had been suppressed at the point
where the minority- wanted Uf enough
would, have leaked out^to^glve designing
politicians an opportunity* to' inake'use
of it.
Bill as Agreed On Carries
Sixty - Five Million
Dollars.
Inqtiiry. :
Clash Between Senators En
livens the Philippine
MONT PELBB ACjAIN VISITS WRATH.
JOHN B. Martin , and Marcellus 0.
Anderson, lieutenants of police, "were
last* night elevated to the rank of
captains "by the* Police Commission.
The promotions .were; made to nil
vacancies existing in the department, and
in consonance with the results of the ex
amination, held before the Civil Service
Commission at. which the twoilieutenants'
headed the list, Martin receiving an. aver
age of 90.6 and AndersOif SS.7'per tent; In
announcing the appointments President
Newhall added a few words of congrat
ulations. - .
.'¦ "We take' great pleasure," he said, "in
announcing- you both, as captains of
police; We congratulate you on the result
of your examination, and .also on your
past records; which are' a credit not only
to yourselves, but to the department arid
the city as well." i
John B. Martin was appointed to the
police force on October 22, 1884, as a
patrolman, and was promoted to. the rank
of sergeant, on September..!, 1893. He re
ceived his commission as. lieutenant June
1, 1899. Nearly all of the time he has been,
in the department he has been stationed
in the business district of. the city, and
enjoys a large acquaintance^ among the ,
business men. He knows, his present.dis
trict like* a book, and will undoubtedly .be
retained. at. the Central .station. Person- ,
ally he Is the most popular- man in the
department, and the men- under his charge,
felt as highly elated over his promotion^
as though they - themselves had been the
beneficiaries. He Is a magnificent speci
men .of .physical . manhood, of superb,
courage and a tireless worker. : His record
is without a blemish. .
Marcellus O. Anderson joined 1 the de
partment as a patrolman September 20, ;
1881, and became a sergeant December 9,
1S95. April .4, 1898, he .wasvcommissioned
lieutenant. He has teen at the Southern
station and in the southern part of the
city, during all. of his police career, anil 1
at present is in charge of-' the. .Mission arid 1
Potrero stations. He is a model police-^
man, popular 'with his. men, and. the good'
order maintained in his district attests -his
. ¦ . ¦ ¦• • ' ¦
efficiency.' He 'is* a •'deep student arid one
of the beat lettered*inen'in the > depart
ment.;, •; •¦ u , •¦;¦• ¦.':. ¦;.. .
Rawlins of Utah Resents
a Remark in Com- ±
mittee.
House Conferees Change
Rivers and Harbors
Measure. ,,
RETORT STIRS
SENATOR'S IRE
DRY ORATORY
NO JOKE NOW
ROOT REPLIES
TO THE CRITICS
Secretary of War Speaks
of Expenditures in
Cuba.
Sale of Intoxicants in
National Capitol to
Cease.
General Wocd Declared to
Have Had Cause for -
Using Money.
House Passes Important Im
migration Measure of
\ Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G' STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 27.— Secretary
of War Root, to-day met the attack that
Is how being made on the War Depart
ment by \ Democratic representatives ' for
extravagance in the expenditure of Cuban
funds under Brigadier-General -Wood and
Major-Qeneral Brooke, by frankly assum
ing the responsibility, therefore declaring
that' the expenditures were made legally
and with full authority.
"I thought we threshed all this out a
year and a half ago," said Hoot. "When
these charges were lirst made, we showed
that, every dollar expended in Cuba had
been accounted for."
It was said at the War Department
tc-day that it is true that General Wood,
as Military Governor of the Island of
Cuba, had received an allowance for the
purpose : of. entertainment, and other, ex
penses that were necessary because of
Ms position in the island. The position
required large expenditures for the pur
poses' of entertainment. - It was stated
that General Wood was quitting Cuba
poorer than when he went to the island,
and . that in consequence of the expenses
he had to meet he had encroached upon
o*her sources of Income. •
With reference to .payments made to
Gcmez, the Secretary of War thinks it
very doubtful whether the Democratic
Congressional Committee will go so far
as to attack the wisdom and propriety of
these payments. General Gomez, at the
eric of the war, which < he had led with
&>uch success pn behalf of the . Cubans,
was penniless, and without any means of
support, with many followers and re
tainers looking to him for help. He was
a man of great influence, whose advice
was:- valuable and one of the greatest
powers for tranquillity in the Island under
American rule. Such -money as was paid
to him, it is said, met with the approval
of the Cubans, and General Gomez, In
return, rendered valuable service in the
direction of preparing Cuba to take her
place among the nations.
Washington; . May 27.-Tne Housa
to-day passed the Shattuc Immigration
bill. The feature of the day was a lively
debate on the question of prohibiting the
sale of intoxicating liquors at immigrant
stations. It was precipitated by an
amendment offered by Bowersock, of
Kansas, to prohibit such sale, which wa3
carried— 83 to 13. . . .-.
Landls, of Indiana, followed this vic
tory with an amendment to prohibit tha
sale of intoxicants in the Capitol and It
prevailed by a still larger majority— 10S
to 19.
The bill brings together into one act all
the scattered legislation heretofore en
acted in regard to the immigration of
aliens into the United States, arranges
it in sequence, etc., eliminates what has>
become obsolete by. reason of subsequent
legislation; amends some of the adminis
trative features, and also adds some pro
visions to the general laws and others
made necessary by the extension of the
territorial limits of the United States- .
Among the more important changes are
these increasing the head-tax on aliens
coming Into the United States by land
transportation from $1 to $150; adding to
the excluded.' classes epileptics. < persons
who have been Insane within five years,
anarchists or persons who advocate the
overthrow of government by force; pros
titutes and procurers, (whose- importa-'
t!on is now a felony, but whose entry Ja
not prohibited); broadening the word
"contract" in the contract labor law to
include "offer, solicitation or promise:"
providing for the fine of steamship com
panies which receive at the port of de
parture aliens afflicted with loathsome
or contagious disease, instead of provld-*
Ing. as now, for their deportation on ar
rival here; extending the time within
which an alien who becomes- a public
charge may be deported from, one to two
years, and providing that immigrants
over fifteen years old should be able to>
read in some language.
Just before the session closed a special
rule was presented to make the bill, for
coinage of subsidiary silver a continuing
order until disposed of. A vote will bo
taken on the rule to-morrow.
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A car-load of Cooic Book*
lias Juat arrived from Chicago -
and they are ready tor distri
bution at the business offline
of this paper. All Call *nb
¦crlber« are entitled to a copy
of this treat Cook Boole at
tlie premium price of Af ty
cent*.
An additional charge of SO
cents to pay cxpressajf <- will 5
be required from out of town '
subscribers ordering by mall.
PRESIDENT IS ASKED
: to' probe a trust
Charges Are Made\ in Chicago
Against the Electrical Supply
Dealers' Association.
CHICAGO, May 27. — A communication
was sent to : President Roosevelt by In
dependent electrical snpply dealers speci
fying charges against the National Elec
trical Supply Dealers' Association, and
requesting that he direct the Attorney-
General of the United States to seek evi
dence in Chicago to prosecute the officers
and members as parties to an alleged
illegal trust.
:The men who signed the statement sent
the President an offer to furnish evidence
in support of their charges and, if court
proceedings are authorized, to appear as
witnesses for the Government. The com
munication charges that officers of the
Association have conspired with the Na
tional Electrical Manufacturers' Asso
ciation and among themselves to drive
out of business, exterminate and crush
all independent electrical supply manufac
turers and dealers. - Such a conspiracy, it
is declared, has been in. existence for the
last two years and its purpose has been
to create an electrical supply trust con
trary to the statutes of the United States.
The officers and members of -the supply
trust, it is charged have blacklisted, boy
cotted and illegally attacked independent
supply- dealers; they have Imposed fines
on - members for selling • to independent
dealers;. they have employed spotters and
spies to destroy trade- rivals; they have
increased the cost of electrical supplies to
the public 65 to 100 percent and far be
yond what the actual value of such sup
plies justify; have employed arbitrators
and supervisors .and' have raised and low
ered prices without regard to natural con
ditions. .... .•
BOYCE PLEADS
FOR SOCIALISM
DEATH CALLS THE WIFE
OF A PBOMINENT BANKER
Mrs, Florine Arnold Seligman. Dies lit
New York "After an Opera
tion.
NEW YORK. May 27.— Mrs. Florlne
Arnold Seligman, wife of Alfred I*. Seligf
man of the well-known family of bank
ers, died at a private hospital in this city
at 3 o'clock this morning. Mrs. Seligman
was operated on for the removal .of a
tumor at 1 o'clock on Monday afternoon
and death was due to excessive hem
orrhage and shock.
The attending surgeons saw, shortly
after the operation had been performed,
that Mrs. Seligman might not live and
Mrs. James M. Leopold of 337 West
Eighty-fourth street, a cousin and her
nearest blood relative, was sent for and
It Is understood that Mrs. Leopold wad
with Mrs. Seligman when she died. Mr.
Seligman. who has been in ill health for
some time, is living at 36 West Seventy
fifth street.
Mrs. Seligman was the only child of
Mr. and Mrs. Ell W. Arnold and was'
born thirty-flve »year3 ago. •Shortly after
her marriage, to Seligman the young
couple went to San Francisco, where
Seligman became the assistant manager
of the Anglo-Calif ornlan Bank, the Pa*«
ciflc Coast branch of the banking-housa I
of J. & W. Seligman.
Policy^ of ftfe;; president
of Western Miners'
Federation;; V^j
A dispatch received at London, May 14.
from Rangoon, said that a lifeboat be
longing: to the steamer Camorta, overdue
at that port from Madras, had been
picked up In the Bay of Bengal. It waa
believed that the steamer foundered dur
ing a cyclone on May 6. Besides her ©0
passengers, who were natives of India,
the Camorta had a crew of eighty-nine.
NAPLES, May 27.— The German steam
er Koenlg Albert, bound from Yokohama
and Singapore for Hamburg, to-day land
ed at this port' twenty survivors of tha
steamer Camorta.
Camorta's Survivors Are Landed.
Odell Is Entertained by Wells.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 27.— Governor
Benjamin B. Odell, of New York, and
party, including Mrs. Odell, Miss Odell,
Mr. . B. B. Odell. the Governor's father;
Miss Odell, sister "of the Governor; Sen
ator T. E. Ellsworth, President pro tem
pore of the New York Senate, and Major
Bird, the Governor's private secretary,
spent the day sightseeing: in Salt Lake.
The party arrived here last night from
the West and . were the guests o( Gov
ernor Wells during: the evening. To-day
an organ recital was given at the Taber
nacle in honor of the visitors. The party
left this afternoon for the East over the
Rio Grande "Western, and will stop to
morrow at Colorado Springs.
Western Federation of Miners and the members
of all other labor organizations will In the
immediate future meet in convention for the
purpose of taking political action regardless
of • either dominant .'political party. ¦ At
this time * It . • is my earnest desire to
retire from the . office of president, as I be
llevo it is necessary that I should have a rest
from the cares and responsibilities that neces
sarily rest upon the president of this organiza
tion. ¦"¦: ¦ ' ' -. ; •:¦
DENVER, May, . 27.-OneV hundred, and
sixty-five delegated ' were : ' lifT'-attendancc
to-day- at the annual con ventioir \ofc the
Western Federation ;- of 'MlnersJ. r :Thd pre
liminary -work j •wa.ar disposed .otv.itii ¦ the
morning- _sesglon,;a;nd this.af ternodii 'Pres
identJSdward Boyce delivered his address,
7? ¦' 1 whl , ch he strongly, advocated the par
ticipation of> the "labor »'uhloris.-Irit politics.
Boyce said that. fjfty new unloristfiad been,
admitted to theVfederatlon "during the
year.. He continued: ; : . •;'.'. "v^---"
" During the past' ten yei'rs^the^smener trust,
lead trust, amalgamated* copper trust, metals .
celling trust, stetUtrust and. railroad trust or
combination, all of,; which j are " the offspring of '
tno Etanderd-Oil Company or.trust have sprung
into existence, and" are to-day threatening the
mining industry of the .United States and Can
ada by dictating the i'erms" upon which'the In
dividual operator snail dispose, of the product
of his property and;the>ages vrorklngmeri sfiail
receive for producing,- this product. But not
satisfied ;-»ith this-: control^they reach further
and threaten the very existence of the people
enpug-ed in other vocations,? but necessarily de
pending upon the' minirg industry. All this
power to coerce and exploit the people has been
acouired by law., ',• :., V.;.
Tho relations between employer and employe
are becoming more strained- every day as the
trust magnates know,; they have nothing to
fear^from organized . labor as it is now consti
tuted. :¦¦;.¦¦ ¦.;..;,¦¦ :^< ¦ S • ;. ¦ ¦ • . ,
If the Chinese and Japanese are an unde
sirable element, let^worklngmen exclude them
by collective ownership of the railroads 'the
coal mines and metalliferous mines and steam
ship lines, and operate them for the benefit of
all. not for ' the ¦ benefit 'Of a few individuals
who traffic in human life and human misery.
'In my report to the convention In 1897. I sug
gested that while wehad;an opportunity to own
and operate mining property we should engage
in it without delay.- However, this suggestion
was not acted upon.:- but the sentiment of &
large percentage . of, • our membership to-day is
in favor of this action. .
j The/ most important action which we can
take at thia convention Is to advise the mem
bers , of your organization to adopt the princi
ples of socialism- without equivocation, for ' thd
tlmo , has arrived when ;'.*»• ' must, 1 -- sever our ¦
affiliations with those political who
have legislated us. into our present 'state of in-'
.dustrlal; bondage.", • .— ¦ "•;:--' ;
I earnestly hope that the members of the
LAWMAKERS CUT
THE BIG SUMS
COMMISSIONERS FILL VACANCIES
IN THE RANK OF POLICE CAPTAINS
Lieutenants John E>. Martin and; T Marcellus O. Anderson Are.' Pro
, moted. by 'Reason' of Their Haying Secured the Highest iPer
•cerikges in the Civil Examinations Recently .Held
.THE^SAN^ra
2
Scrdfitim
It is commonly inherited: r-^'',- ¦ '"
Few are entirely.. ftec^frpm; it ; 3. ";;¦'.
. Pale, : " puny -Vchildren ."> are
afflicted with "it in nine cas^s.6tit>pf ten.
and many adults " spffefi frprnfat!"
'Common indications in
the 'neck, abscesses^icu'teneouS' erup-
tions; inflamed eyelids,' '; sore^ears,' ri<S
kets, catarrh,- wasting) '¦ arid : - Ren^ral de-
bility. ' ¦' . ¦:'.'' ::[ ri V V.^"' : -V!.'
Hood's Sqrsaparilla
. ' " " \and^PU0^i i
Eradicate it, .positively' and absQluteiyj
This; statement is based : on itie\ thouV"
sands of permanent cures-*, these^ medi-
cines have; wrought^ :^{y J^t& x -'>?^;
:¦'''¦ •>¦-•'. ¦--'¦ -..""' ¦¦ ¦ i ¦ ' ¦ ]¦.->.-;¦¦;
:. Testimonials of. remarkable cures mailed on
J reque^. < c: I.* HOOD CO.; ' LoTvell."- Maw. '•' • 'r r - >
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
Noteworthy Facts.
Apollinaris Sales in 1901 exceeded
the Enormous igoo Figures — 28,000,000 bottles
: m^ mm - "THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
at, and imported from,
: \ the; Apollinaris Spring, Rhenish Prussia, Germany, ;
charged only with its OWN Natural Gas. \ £
raiERCESl' DIRECTO RT
%*&* FAVORBTE OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
iilF^f.lMPTIHW Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
I FOR^g^L^l on Application. _
'^«_^ '"'"'' ' *'" -•-•-'¦¦- r COAL. COK8 AND P1O HJOM.
RUPTURE] j- c viLsoN & ca.. js»sr&^
HBM^UIQ^SSfJ " FRESH AND SALT.MEATsT'
¦•^iv^^^Ss&Sss^J jas. boyes&co gip'-^ssriaS!
\ Yrfi* til <B00Ktrrs ' 0 «V*j8l oils.
206 Port r Ste. : «t! a fS?ll>. B- ! nU$^ Ml LUBRICATING OILS. % LEOXAT.D A EIXI3.
'¦¦.-¦ •¦-¦" • ..¦ " — — : ' . : ' V - . PRlNTINa
BRUSHES; a*ffls» "^ e-cbuohes. ¦. ,jsgi5
rt^« en! '« *»>*jw»e"ri; candy*/mak"" d ca t nnir5: PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
J;!"; •¦flourmllls, - foundries, , laundries, pap«r- the mcv<z Trrnr* en ' ¦'
»-; n . P ii^-^ r J^^-. ¦"? HICKS - J^ D Fpr? t '.^, S a O rrancl^
Brush ManurtVtur^r,; 609 Sac'ramento Si Weekly, Cal^^l.OO p©P Y©«P
,i\ • ; . ¦;•¦¦¦. . ¦¦'-' ¦¦¦¦¦¦'- ""¦•¦
CrOBS WITK EVERY PIANO W&SEM/
SS^ 5^) Because we carry only reliable pianos—
&5|r \jK P^ anos at are worthy of the reputation of
tfll J^W\ a t^twort^y house. : ;, .......
¦^r V^/ * v* 1 '* ' m P ortant t^ a t you buy your piano of v .-••-. ' : '''
VffiJS^y ' 5w 6 rig * lt hoU8e ' There Is no question 'about v- •
.JW**^ tt « quality of our piano*— they have, the high- -' fir}
j.^ '=st indorsement of competent judges/ No mat. UfM
'^¦i^mim^^'^ tor what ¦ you have heard about our "high iv//P.
__~^>^- " ... pric«e," it will pay. you to buy your piano o( ' .^CvT
W^ THE WILEY B/ ALLEN C0.,''^S^
11 031 MARKET, STREET, San Francisco*
II All Market-street cans stop In front of our door ', '•' '••*-. — , sZ^- Y?>z<*\ /vSft '
l\ - Branch 951 Broadway,- Oakland. . . " * ' --¦ 1^*)'/^^^ J^r^lcJSLAl^ra 'WASHINGTON. May 27.— Secretary
Hay- to-day closed up, one, of. the prin
cipal places of refuge for criminals com-r
mitting crimes In the United States when
he exchanged the final ratification with
Walker Martinez, < the Chilean Minister
here, at the new ' Chilean extradition'
treaty. The United States never has had
such a treaty with Chile and some of the
nvost notable defaulters and- embezzlers
from tie United States have found , safety
In that country. .The negotiations which
led up to the" drafting -of this-arrange
ment lasted several years.- f
Refuge . of Criminals Closed.
By Imposing a. charge of 20 cents on
every twenty-four hours after the car Is
off its home road and In use In. another,
instead of a charge of six-tenths of a cent
per mile run, the present . rate, it is ex
pected- that this portion of railroad - car
accounting will be revolutionized and or
der and accuracy established. There are
about 1,500,000 cars owned by members of
the American Railway Association..
NEW TORK, > May 27.— The necessary
agreements to the 'plan of the American
Railway Association for establishing per
diem charges for freight cars while in use
elsewhere than on their home roads have
been received at the headquarters, of the
association in this .city. The approval of a
majority of the members of the associa
tion owning or" controlling two-thirds of
the freight cars was made a condition of
the plan when It was accepted at the an-,
nual meeting, April 24. and to-day Secre
tary Allen sent out notices to all members
that there was now no obstacle, and that
the new plan, therefore, would go into ef
fect July L A
The agreements pledge the members to
adhere to the plans for a year. • *g? *
ceives the Agreements for a
. \ ' New System.
American Railway Association / Re-
ACCOUNTING OF CABS >
TO BE BEV0LT7TIONIZEB
Married Fifty Years Agx>.
STOCKTON, May 27.— Mr. and Mrs. V.
M. Peyton, married half a century ago
to-day, will celebrate their golden wed
ding: anniversary to-night at their resi
dence in this city. The old couple were
united by Bishop Taylor on the ship
Be^iel. moored at the corner of California
and Montgomery streets. San Francisco.
They came to Stockton in 185L Mr. Pey
ton established the first public school and
rural cemetery here and held nearly every
office within the gift of the residents of
the town. Mr. and Mrs. Peyton have
eight children — four son and four daugh
ters — all living.
Columbia Bayer Steamer Sinks.
SPOKANE, May 27.— A special from
"Wenatchee says the steamer .Camana,
wheat laden, was sunk in the Columbia
River at noon to-day. L. B. DovaL one
of the officers of the boat, was drowned
and it is reported a number of persons
were injured. At Ential Rapids, about 20
miles above Wenatchee, the boat got-be
yond control, struck a rock, tipped over
and went down. The Camana was an old
vessel and the one. that made a remark
able trip far up the Columbia a few weeks
agro. '
Murderer Closes
Tragedy.
Suicide of a Would-B©
Robinson was about seven years older
than his half sister. He grieved' a great
deal over her downfall. Some months ago
Guy Schrader committed suicide in a
lecal lodging-house because. It is said,
of his infatuation for the girl.
Four months ago the young woman left
here, and the tragedy which some had
thought might be enacted here occurred
in Los Angeles. •
SAN DIEGO, May 27.— Madeline Grind
er, known in late years as Ray Page, and
her half brother, William Robinson, who
committed suicide after fatally wound
ing her, were well-known here. Robin
son had for years tried to turn his
sister from the life she insisted on fol
lowing, and while she was~here he was
heard to assert an Intention to kill her
and himself if she did not change her
course. The mother of .the two was
married a third time to a Mr. Solomon
sen, and together they tried to correct
•Madeline's waywardness. When the
mother died the girl was about to be
sent to the reform school, when she was
adopted by a San "Diego woman, with
the consent of her stepfather. Within
a week after she became eighteen 'years
old ehe left her new home. «
When taken Into the station, Miss
Grinder, although drenched with blood
from her wounds, did not lose conscious
ness. She talked rationally with the
officers, describing the scene accurately
and giving Information regarding herself.
She is still alive. /
Robinson and Miss Grinder came to
Los Angeles from San. Diego.
Robinson then turned the revolver on
himself, sending a bullet into his right
temple. The police were .summoned and
the victims of the shooting were hurried
to the station.
LOS ANGELES, May 27.— William Rob
inson shot and fatally wounded Madeline
Grinder, alias Ray Page, his half-sister,
and then fired a bullet into his own brain,
dying shortly afterward. The' crime was
committed late this afternoon on North
Alameda street, in front of the premises
at No.' 434, where the young woman was
staying. ' She was absent from the house
when Robinson called to see her. He had
made previous demands upon his half
sister to live with him, but she had per
sistently refused. The landlady went out
to look for Miss Grinder, to inform, her
that her brother was searching for her.
She found the young woman 'and had
started back with her when they heard
Robinson approaching from behind. Both
women ran. Robinson pursued, and, as
he neared his half-sister, he drew a- re
volver and flred two shots at the fleeing
girl. Miss Grinder grasped a- post to
support herself and Robinson, rushing up,
seized her by the hair and flred another
shot at close range. The young woman
threw up her hand, the bullet passing
through a finger and entering the skull
just back of the right ear.
VANCOUVER, B. C., May 27.— Before
Miss Beatrice Mellemy of Baltimore, Md.,
a dark-eyed brunette, handsome and 18,
leaves home again she will probably con
sult her mother. She ran away five weeks
ago and has 1 been dodging detectives ever
since.' "To-day ' she "was . : discovered
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, May 27.— The fire which ha3
teen raging for, several" weeks in J the
mire, of the "Wilkinson Coal Company,
thirty. miles from Tacoma, has at last
been extinguished by flooding the mine.
The damage cannot be ascertained until
the water has been drawn off. The fire
was the result of a shot, while blasting
for coal In the usual . course of mining
and Was not attended' by any injury to
the miners. ' . ' \
Mine Flooded to Check Fire.
Detective Captures an
Eloping Baltimore
Beauty.
BUTTE, Mont., May 27.— I. P. i Barrow
ehot himself twice yesterday at noon.
This morning at 9 o'clock, when the door
of his room was forced open, . Barrow's
body, was found lying on the floor, face
downward. Two revolvers were on the
floor. From the position -in which he was
found, he evidently stood by the dresser,
placed the muzzles of the revolvers, one
in each hand, to his sides, and flred them'
simultaneously. . . - ' •
Kills Himself Before a Mirror.
aboard the steamer Empress of India,
;ust before that vessel sailed for the Ori
ent, and was .taken ashore in compliance
with a telegram ' from her relatives. At
irst she indignantly declared to Detec
tive Wylie, .who found . her, that she
would never go back', but this evening
she agnrced.t'o accept the ticket provided
by\ her mother and will leave for .New
York to-morrow. /<
•vThe ; girl told a queer story. - She had
fallen in love with a young man. named
Ernston\ formerly her father's secretary,
and with\him had crossed the continent.
He was to have met her on the vessel in
Victoria and together they were going to
sail to the Orient, to live in Shanghai or
pomewhere else where they would nsver
be discovered.- ¦ v^
The telegrams from Baltimore stated
that < hej" mother had . been prostrated by
the shock of her elopement and was dan
gerously-ill. The girl -has agreed to re
| turn "to "her. parent's side and to plead
with her wealthy father that- he recog
1 nize.the lover who took. her so" far from
home. ¦ v
AMBITIOUS JAPANESK WHO IS
DETERMINED TO WIN HIS
DEGREE OF PH. D.
CUPID ENSNARED
BY LAW'S SLEUTH
cial reference to the San Jose scale. The
result of his work was published, and •
some of his observations proved of gre~t
economic value to the scientists in this -
country who are engaged in fighting or
chard pests by means of beneficial In
sects, the natural enemies of the harmful^
parasites. . -
Kuwana was at Cornell for several years,
and at Stanford took his A. B. degree in
189S and his A. M. in 1902. He v has been
assistant entomologist at -the Palo Alto
Institution for the past three years. He
is now a candidate for Ph. D.. and Is
making a pretty good American hustle to
Srove himself . worthy of the scholarly
istlnction. - "¦ " —
Railroad detectives and other officers^
who took up the chase immediately, soon
captured Harry Granelli and Thomas
Arnold. The younger boy broke down,
cried and confessed that he and his com
panion had been pitched off a freight
train by brakemen and that in revenge
Granelli had planned the placing: of the
bar in the culvert to wreck the first train
which came along.
The two were quietly incarcerated in
Jail. Their trials were hurried, both were
found gnilty and now the full facts are
out. Arnold was given a light punish
ment, owing- to his youth and to the fact
that he confessed. The two claimed they
did not know that Harriman's special was
coming, but did not care what particular
train went into the ditch.
===== + >
TJTGRO ASSAILANT OP
WOMAN PLEADS GTJTLTY
Death on Gallows the Extreme Pun
ishment That May Be Meted
Out to the Culprit.
SAX JOSE. May 27.— James Robinson,
the young negro who made a brutal as
sault on Mary Gabel on May 4, pleaded
guilty to-day when arraigned before Judge
Lorigan. Robinson beat Miss Gabel into
insensibility with a club and carried her
into a yard on North First street, near
the railroad track. Then he became
frightened, and when she regained "con
sciousness he assisted her to her feet and
helped convey her to the receiving hos
pital. At that time he claimed he had
b^en passing by and was attracted by the
girl's groans. Later he confessed when
the girl identified him as her assailant.
For a number of days Miss Gabel's life
was despaired of.
Robinson will be sentenced on Friday;
when he probably will receive a life term
or its equivalent. The negro is an ex
convict, having served a term m prison
for a burglary committed in San Diegtj.
The extreme penalty for the crime of
which he has pleaded guilty is death.
YOUNG CUXPBJT CONFESSES.
Calame removed the bar, tapped the
telegraph wire and notified the main office
at Portland. As a result every station
along the line to Portland was quickly
warned of the presence of wreckers and
trainmen preceded the special over each
division. The train got through without
accident and the occupants knew little or
nothing of the danger which, had threat
ened them. But for the trackwalker's
discovery many of them must have been
killed. • -
At a point of the curve, which could
not be seen until one is within a few
yards of it, the trackwalker saw a steel
bar rising from a culvert and crossing the
rail. A hurried examination showed the
bar to be cleverly held in place, so that
no engine wheels couki keep to the rails
after striking' it- It was cleajr a.t a glance
that an awful wreck had been planned.
He found nothing unusual until he
reached a curve around Ric© Hill, known
as Grecian Bend.
President Harriman's train crossed the
Oregon line early on Sunday morning.
May 18^_ Trackwalker L. H. Calame,
¦whose section covers part of Douglass
County, had been over the road early in
the day, but as an extra precaution made
a trij> In a railway bicycle several hours
ahead of the Harriman special.
TRACKWALKER'S CAUTION.
REDDING, May 27.— According to in
formation received from apparently re
liable sources in Redding to-day, the spe
cial train bearing President E. H. Harri
xnan of the Southern Pacific Company
and his family. Julius Kruttschnitt and
other railroad officials, . which went
through to Portland ten days ago, came
within an ace of being wrecked some
miles south of Roseburg, in Southern
Oregon. In fact, the disaster was averted
only by a timely_discovery by a track
walker two hours before the special was
due. An angle bar had been eo placed at
& culvert as to wreck the train as It
rounded a curve. The particulars of the
affair were hushed up and gained pub
licity only with the sentencing- of Harry
Granelli, a youth not quite of age, to the
Oregon Penitentiary for three years for
obstructing: the railroad track and the
sending ot his 17-year-old accomplice,
Thomas Arnold, to the County Jail for
malicious mischief.
v Special Dicsatch to The Call.
I There was apparently no reason for the
/crime and the. one theory advanced- is
that of insanity. Neighbors of Prior say
that his mind has been weak for some
time, but he never appeared violent. He
made no attempt to harm the . childron
who were in the room when he shot -his
wife. The wounded woman has not been
able to make a statement.
I Prior was 45 years of age. Up to a short
.time" ago he was manager of the Lemoore
Creamery. Coroner Thomas has left
this city for the scene of the crime to
hold an inquest. . •
The reports ol the rifle and . screams of
-the children aroused the neighbors .and
they rushed into the house. Prior lay
<iead in the center of the room and near
by-lay hjs wife, still alive. Physicians
were hurriedly summoned, and, after an
examination, pronounced her wounds
fatal, -v ' :
r HANFORD, May 27.— Lemoore was the
scene of an awful double tragedy at 5
o'clock- this afternoon, when A. E.
Prior, an old resident of that city,, fatal
ly wounded his wife and< then killed him
self. The affair took place In the Prior
home. In the room at the time were the
two small bhildren of the couple.
/ Prior entered the house with a 22-call
ber rifle in his hand, and tried to start
a quarrel with his wife. Suddenly ho
raised his rifle and fired at her. The bul
let'struck her in the small of the back
and passed through her body. Seeing that
he had not killed he J-, Prior fired again,
the second- bullet striking the woman in
the hand. * Apparently being satisfied
that he had killed his wife, Prior placed
the muzzle of ; the rifle against 1m own
heart and pulled the trigger, falling dead.
Special Dispatch to Thtf^all.
Makes No Attempt to Harm His Two
Little Children, Who Are
"Witnesses of the
Crime. :>
Young Culprit Makes Full Confess
That He and a Comrade Placed
Obstructions <Jn the
Rails.
- Criminals.
Facts Lfcak Out Through the
Sentencing of th.3
A. * E.^ Prior Commits Suicide
After Mortally Wound
ing SpouS9.
L9moore Residence the
Scene of a Double
.Tragedy. >
An Attempt Is Made to
Ditch the Train
in Oregon.
FATALLY WOUNDS
HIS HALF SISTER
Kuwana was sent to Japan two years
ago from Stanford University to make a
study of the coccidae of Japan, with spe-
"My work," he says, "will be scientific
and economic study ! and the teaching of
the fauna of that country. I shall en
deavor to keep in communication with all
parts of the world, to publish from time
to time the results of my investigations
and to export specimens. The coccidae or
scale insects, which are of great scientific
and economic importance, will receive
special attention. The well-known cot
tony cushion scale, which almost ruined
the orange culture of Southern California
some twenty years ago, and the San Jose
scale, which is also a well-known pest to
the fruit growers of this country, are in
this group."
To gather material for his thesis Ku
wana is going to the, island of Klushlu,
Japan, where at Hikosau he proposes to
establish an entomological laboratory, the
first of Its kind In Kiushiu.
In order to make good his claim to -the
distinction of a Ph. D. he must demon
strate his worthiness in an original thesis
worked out along the lines of the study
he claims to have made his own. Kuwa
na's specialty is entomology, and the par
ticular branch to which he has most_
earnestly devoted himself is the coccidae,"
or scale insects.
The completeness of Kuwana's Ameri
canization can be estimated by the plans
he has laid for capturing his Ph. D. By
dint of hard work he has managed to ac
quire in a strange land from books writ
ten in and teachers talking a foreign
tongue recognition of hia,^scholarship,
su£k. as satisfies the average ambitious
American student.
Kuwana's ambition goes further, how
ever. . —
gather material for a thesis
upon which he depends to earn for hini
the degree of doctor of philisophy. Ku
wana is a Japanese. "He is a graduate of
Cornell and Stanford universities, is a
bachelor of arts ' and i a master of arts,
and Is now anxious to ad to his scholar
ly title sthe coveted Ph. D., for which he
had declared himself a candidate.
SL KUWANA, until recently as
sistant Instructor In entomol
ogy at Stanford University, is
O now on his way to Japan to
INSANE MAN
SHOOTS WIFE
HARRIMAN'S
PARTY HAS
CLOSE CALL
JOURNEYS TO FAR JAPAN TO GATHER
MATERIAL FOR AN ORIGINAL THESIS
S. I. Kuwana, Recently Assistant Instm
ford University, Now Coyets the Degree of Doctor of Phiiosophy
and Will; Make an Endeavor to Prove His Fitness for the^Title
THEISM- FRAN(isCO;CALL;t
3
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—— »
FIRE ASSOCIATION
f\V PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
v Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
F^ r V A - D " 1901 - and for **• y« ar ending on
tnat day. aa made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions 6t sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank 'fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.. 5.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in cash $ 000.000 00
. .ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. 512,100 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,371,570 49
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3.132,919 25
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
ctber marketable ¦¦ securities aa
collateral 66,850 00
Cash in Company's Office 28,973 78
Cash in Banks 244,355 94
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock3 and Loans -'.".... 28,833 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ' '/
and Mortgages 30,141 9©
Premiums in due course of collec- -
tlon 888^240 92
Duo for Salvage on losses paid..-. 1.013 U
Rents due and accrued 2 660 88
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 7,550 92
- . Total Assets '.....$6,315,216 62
LIABILITIES. — — -
Locres adjusted and unpaid ......$ rao,565 06
Losees In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 173.935 64
Losses resisted.. Including expenses 49,UtU DO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- /
ning one year or less, $2,371,-
329 24; re-insuranco 50 per cent 1.1S5.664 62
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ¦»
nir.g more than one year. $2,566,-
455 07; ra-insurance pro rata... 1,397,177 51
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance pol-
icies 1,906,027 47
All other liabilities 360,643 10
Total Liabilities ..$5,265,083 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flra -
premiums * $3,246,972 17
Received for Interest on Bonds and N
Mortgages >5,972 07
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources .*. 157.768 84
Receive.! for Rents .' 25,752 20
/ '
. Total Income ; $3,516,463 23
. . EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Firs Losses
(Including $246,183 37. losses of
previous years) $2.CS4.034 30
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 798,142 19
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 236,440 09
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes. „ 95.448 29
All other payments and expendi-
tures 155.910 92
Total Expenditures $3,569,975 79
Fire. ; •
Losses. Incurred durin* the yar.. $2,223, 716 00
Rlfks and Premiums. (Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the •
year ...: $340,732,328 f4.359.S81 82
Net amount of Risk? I
expired during the
.year. 311.571332 3,815.637 01
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901. 408.113.644 4,937.784 31
¦ -„. \ E. C. IRVIN. President. ¦ . ~:'
_ ,M. O. GARRIOUES. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 22d
day of January. 1902. •
EDWIN, 3. GAULT. Notary Public.
I SAN FRAVCISCO DEPARTMENT: ,
J. M. BECK 1 ......... Manager
219 Sansomc Street,
San Frnndiico, Cal.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5024.
\A/. T. HESS,
•!! ROTARY . PUBLIC AlfD XTTORHKT-AT-LAW,.:;
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid;.
Telephone Main 983. ,
Residence, 821 ¦ California st., below Powell.
Residence Telephone, James 1301.*
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
;.- OP THE-
Hartford Fire
INSURAN CE -COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut. Ion the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1901. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condens«d as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid .
up m Cash $1,250,000 00
ASSETS. ~~ ~~~~
Real Estate owned by- Company.. $942.500 00
Lo3np on Bonds and Mortgages 793,200 00
Cash Market Value ¦ of all Stocks - -
and Bonds owned by Company.. S.132,555 91
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
/ of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-.
r fcctable securities as collateral.. 4.S0O 00
Cash in Company's Office 47,160 57
Cash in Banks ..... v ...... 677,999*53
Interest due and .accrued on all ¦• "
Stocks and Loans „ 47 72
Interest due and accrued on Bonds :
and Mortgages 11.305 85
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1.631.5S0 06
Due from other Companies Cor re-
insurance on losses already paid.' .17.926 71
Total Assets ... .$12,259,076 45
LIABILITIES.
. Losses adjusted and unpaid...... $309.182 26
I.off.ps in process of Adjustment or.
In 1 Suspense 723,618 0C
Losses resisted, including expenses. 63,591 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- !
nlng one year or less, $5,795,-
134 72; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 2,897,567 38
GrosH premiums on Fire Risks run- " ,
nlng more than one year, $7,743, -
. C36 40; reinsurance' pro rata.... 3,900,937 32
Commissions and Brokerage duo
and to become due - 113,325 00
' Total Liabilities '. ....$8,008,22101
' INCOME. ~~ r ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ;. $9,653,783 03
Received for Interest on Bonds *
and Mortgages 39,807 36
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and -
from all other sources 320.025 82
Received for Rents ..........:... ,. 17.399 92
Received from all other sources... ¦ 179 72
'¦': Total Income ¦ .$10,031,195 8R
EXPENDITURES. ~~ "~
Nctatfffinunt paid for Fire Losses
(including $581,241 46. losses of
'. previous years) '...$5,242.822 91
Dividends. to Stockholders 400. COO 00
| Paid or allowed for Commission or - .
I Brokerage . ....1.707.772 30
I Paid for Salaries. Fees . and other
. charges for officers, clerks, etc. 567,851 83
Paid for State. National and Lo- >.
cal Taxes :.. 198,288 S2
All other payments and expand- . v
itures .... 1.096.635 53
. • Total Expenditures $9", 213.371 39
',¦ , .. Fire, -v
Losses incurred durlnsr the year.... $6,075,881 18
Risks and Premiums! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net : ¦ amount ¦„ ¦< of I * .-, . - •» -"¦ •'./ 1 5'
Risks wr 1 1 1 e nlr - ' 0 - .' .¦•"'. -V . ,
during .the . year. [£1,019. 06S.207 $11,614,027 12
Net ¦¦ ammint ¦• - of - -¦• .
' Risks e»p lred ' .
idurlng the year. 748,100,591 8,S56,697 23
Net . amount jln
,foree December
.21, 1901 . . . . 1.221.992.701 13.53S.771 12'
A . : GEO. L. CHASE. President.
.'., P. C. ROYCE. - Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this. Sd
day of January. 1902.. ' M. B.. SCOTT. '
Notary Public.
HENRY K. BELDEN, Manager.
WHtTNEY PALAGHE, Asst. Manager.
; 313 California St, S/F.
Zm i '¦m'm W^. Bed ». Chairs. Stoves, Etc..
f* A ; nil S 8 Tents for Rent and for Sale.
I M IS B - BM' Gans > Rifles. Fishing Tackle
Lifl Ifl i and; Sporting Goods. Send
Vrillll ' or Catalogue. SHREVE &
, BARBER CO.. 733 Market
J -\"v tt., and 511 Kearnjr it "^
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. ¦ '
NOT RECOMMENDED
FOB EVERYTHING
But If -You Have Kidney, Liver or Bladder
Trouble, You Will Find Swamp-Root
Just the Remedy You Need.
It used to be- considered that only urin- ' 9
ary and bladder troubles were to be s^Bs" l^&^SS&k
traced to the kidneys, but now modern \ggJLig=^Sggy
science proves that nearly all diseases jg% ¦
have their beginning in the disorder ol ' fi«e^rsaw .
these most important organs. M2!|||£ ; 1
The kidneys filter and purify the blood— ¦ ] \ §
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak ' |l || n
or. out of order you can understand how . II H. 11
quickly • your entire body is affected and III H *li
how every organ seems to fail to do its I ' I Sans
taking the great kidney remedy, -Dr. Kil- , ML k j/i \ \fW
mer'§ Swamp-Root, because as soon as Jevmli. Ifr. Wi <S^^w
your kidneys are well they will help all * I " , SS»<iaEK^
the other organs to health. A trial will Jmzr^^&jm MnrS^ScTnWBfflK-
Doctors Prescribe Swamp-Root
"I have prescribed that wonderful remedy for fij^H&iW ynByJil?3[!f^»afiailJMl|lsif I
kidney and bladder complaints. Dr. Kilmers f 1 fflfU ifinamiffiui »B/WSm
Swamp-Root, with most beneficial eftoct and Bl|MJa; M w*iaHi«lllMH«i«wiBMIIlt^aaHB»
know of many cures by its use. These patients filSStl^™""™"^™""^^"^^™^^^^ 1 1? Hi El
had kidney trouble, as diagnosed by other phy- I Sail! BB. KILTTXER'S llrUllGp
siclans, and treated without benefit. Dr. Kil- J |W jj ____ , ,__^ _^ *%*%—, Hnrfl
mer's Swamp-Root effected a cure. I am a fif J QWAMP DOlM \ H !t&
liberal man and accept a specific wherever I li O TT lii'lF "IvUU 1 inlBv
find it, in an accepted school or out of it. For I is5nj I flilN'
.^^^^^^ZJS^^S/V^^X HI Kidncy.LiverandBladder J BUS
turn to Dr. Kilmer's Swamp«Root with most I I f&fl CURE. f 'I'^il
flattering results. I shall continue to pre- II «3 OTIS
scribe It and from personal observation state • | Uaj DIRECTIONS. ¦ ffiijlB
that Swan:p-Root has nrreat curative prop- ']\vs\\ *V m -r «*k« onu two or three Efls
erties." L. BARSTOW IRISH, M. D., Eg I J^nt£?lrt£l>mal£rm£l wffiM
go 276 9th st.. Borough of Brooklyn. N. T. M SdTb/dto^ NPfll
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re- ffl || ['
sponsible for many kinds of diseases and ,|S seTt^^ t J^^ mm , f
if permitted to continue much suffering:. K3 If „ the case would seem to require. ||l
with fatal results, are sure to follow. . 3Eja y -_,, „ . _„ ~* .„ ;| Bl
Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes gg!3 J^L'^l'^L.^Tr^ if
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irrita- M w i.lSito §4
ble; makes you pass water often during MUt to^ ea TS£^aS2SaSh llM
back, joints and muscles: makes your 1 I HI t» *. t . . it i IkSS
head ache and back ache, causes indiges- IP « i» pleasant to take. Jj Itffl*
tion, stomach and liver trouble, you get \\\M\\ PREPARED ONLY BY i/lli S
a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you I , BS \ n „¦ aSilfl
feel as though you had heart trouble; I H| DR. KILMER & CO. inEsfil ''
you may have plenty of ambition, but no I! S Rivruiumu u v flSPil
strength; get weak and waste away. I'll t B - llNBHAMT0N » N « »• »Si:H
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil- II £i Sold by all Dra<r«-lsta. fcla M
mer's Swamp-Root, the world-famous kid- | ra | (_ ™^ -«—^ lg£w H
ney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root you I' I7 T7rnnT^rr7TTini^33
afford natural help to nature, for Swamp- j llflil^nnMnHlnil)
Root is the most perfect healer and gen- B Q&pLtufulJ "'¦'* lii«rfinlJi»'.Mj>t<ii>Ji^||L IIII.tw
tie aid to the kidneys that is known to ft W ¦ -^^S^^^^^^^S^^^^M
to your condition, take from your urine gj jlM^ _ —^^
on rising about four ounces, place it In a T^-f t^-^-^— j.^^u "~±±rji l ?s: — '—,.~~ , i^r*
glass or bottle and let it stand twenty- • , s .. ami) Root ,, n T ea «.rit tn t a v«\
four hours. If on examination it is milky (5* amp-Root is pleasant to take.)
or cloudy Jf there is a brickdust settling, ful remedy for kidney, liver and bladder
or if smalbparticles float about in it. your troubles.
kidneys are in need of immedate atten- If you are already convinced that
oV,' t> * j t , Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
,,.Ji % ?"* pl £ asa R t i2.^ ake and ls P urcn a 3 e the regular 50-cent and n size
I k i he . 1 f adin ? h< J sl ? ltalsrvrecommend - bottles at- the drugstores everywhere.
a, Physicians In their pri\-ate practice Don't make any. mistake, but remember
and Is taken by doctors themselves who the | name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmers
have kidney ailments, because they recog- Swamp-Root, and the address, Bingham-
nize in it .the greatest and most success- ton. N. Y.. on every bottle. &"*"*
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Sent Free by Wall
EDITORIAL NOTE-If you have tha slightest symptoms ot kidney or blad-
der troubles, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr
, Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y., who will gladly send you by mall, immediate-
ly; without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book containing
many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men
J&So r>any rl & n iT. be sure to say that you read thls generous ofler ta
§diC3 Wil QfiCl -Oil '"'ilS^^ft^V 1
i|j| [store Clos8d Friday, Memorial Day j" 40^ 15
")§^[ Sailor sale to end 5pon
' T»fil? rv\\' e sa k.°f sailor, suits for boys from 3 to 12 will end soon. It depends upon how^
x «!»• fwV long. there are suits left It seems now as if Saturdaj^night will see them all. gone.*
' : */^al * Better bring the boy in to-day or to-morrow and get him a new suit ; ' for' Memorial
>^£*g|g>L^^\ day. You have paid $5 many a time for just such a suit as Ave arc selling for $tt.5O.
;^^^OT[0 Bovs' Furnishings
JliiisifiSS^^Crolv ' Boys' Pajamas, made of madras, various ' Children's ;all- wool sweaters, ages 1^2 to 4
Jil||j^||s§&-i*W) stripes, ages 6 to 16 years, $1.OO a suit. years, 5Oc each.
Jft^ilPmvW 3-thread knee and foot and 4-thread heel Derby ribbed underwear, natural drawers
KZMr^W? 1 I T and toe hosiery, fast black, sizes 6 to 10, 25c .button on side, ages 3 to 8 year/ uOc a suit
Tfci^W^vl /A^ \ P a i r - • 0 ''"¦¦*' : Sanitary underwear, drawers' button on
\liiF 9 %^ hl and dark ShadM ' Sh " 6 '° ' Bf^a^^K^?, S* 8.0,4
•^fiiiSSKlj 9,^>eap a , r . ¦_ • - - years. 5Oc a suit. - ¦ V
|^H'''" :; ,, Bo y s^w? s h» u *tV n - a - n "^ rof^^ e 5A l8; '-''-fialbri8^nvunderwear, in ecru, ages 6 to
1^^^^/ all prettily trimmed, price 50c to $3.5O a , 4 years> 91.00 a suit. -
j^Mfi^w/l smt - ' / •'¦ : ; ¦;.'.-'."'•;¦ Fine natural wool' underwear, ages 8 to 14
• MvJP M§»3 Boys' sailor wash hats in many materials, years, $1.00 a suit.
wyffi!' l^iilr very swe^J prices from 45c to $1.5O. Natural wool sanitary underwear, covered
,Kfaa |*?rap ' Boys' wash caps, 25c to 45c. seams.' ages 4 to 14 years, JJ51.5O a suit.
f/nji? rjSjKH \ ' Boys' straw hats, different- shapes, 5Oc to Shetland' wool underwear, natural, ages 6
{jfi|?/f|fi ! . •? 1 ' r »°- • ¦'¦"-.¦ ¦ ¦ ;¦•¦ ' to 14, $2.0O a suit.
£p s-N-WooInlo £H:£
wkF*?*" "' ' i-rio i»« 1 a. c*^ i. . tratcd cata'oque.
Is an indication of a disordered Stom- M
acb, and if not attended to promptly E
will undermine yonr constitution and' f
leave your system in a generally tin- g
healthy condition, thus making you |
more sacep.tible to disease. fjj
H Nttwal Lautlre Mineral Water.
H Is the best and safest Laxative for the
fj Positive Cure
B Taken immediately upon arising. Its
H wonderful and satisfying- effects will
|H surprise yon. Try it once and you will
4 use no other Laxative.
A Be euro you get Hunyadl Janog.
I Don't. Be induced
p i Xo Btxy Substitutes.
H They &i*e» Worthleti and
|i often Harmful
*L La.bel la Bias, vltb red centra. ,• BUTTE, Mont., May 27.— A Billings
(Mont.) special to the Miner says: Ino
mata, a Japanese paymaster and Inter
preter in the employ of the Burlington
Railroad Company, who had been miss
ing for two weeks, was -found yesterday
near Fort Custer, his head protruding
from a bank on the Yellowstone River.
The body 'was naked and had a bullet
wound. The interpreter had drawn con
siderable money with which to pay the
laborers and it is believed it was for this
he was killed. Another Japanese with
irhom Inomata went fishing and who is
missing, is suspected by the authorities
Japanese Paymaster Is Murdered.
The subject of water storage was next
taken up and fully discussed with relation,
to the bill now pending in Congress,
which provides that the county may vote
$2^00,000 of bonds to build a reservoir. A
resolution was adopted requesting the
storage commission here to obtain If pos
sible .a further provision in the bill that
as an alternative proposition, in case the
county refused to vote the bonds to build
a reservoir, it may vote not to exceed
51,000,000 In bonds to aid in the construc
tion of a dam by private capital.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 27.— Business
men of Phoenix were addressed to-nl^ht
by President F. M. Murphy of the Phoe
nix and Eastern Railway Company.* He'
announced that immediately upon obtain
ing the right of way from Phoenix to
Mesa City construction of the railroad
would' be begun. The meeting, by resolu
tion, unanimously guaranteed the right of
way. and appointed a committee to pro
cure it.
of Way to the Murphy
Company.
Phoenix Business Men Pledge Rights
PHOENIX-MESA CITY
RAILROAD IS ASSURED
Between the Corinthian Yacht Club's
sloop Harpoon and the San Francisco
Yacht Club's' sloop Challenger, for the
San Francisco challenge cup. May 31. The
Santa Fe's elegant steamer San Pablo will
leave from Santa Fe pier, foot of Market
street, ' at 1 p. m. A limited number of
passengers only will be carried. Round
trip 50 cents. Secure your tickets at once
at the Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market.
Interclub Yacht Race
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 27.— Despondent be
cause of illness George M. Leishman,
said to have been a commercial traveler
from British Columbia,' committed suicide
here yesterday afternoon or last night,
Ly shooting himself In the head. Leish
man. who was a middle-aged man, ar
rived about ten days ago and took a
loom at the home of Mrs. J. F. Latham,
2© South Third street. He was in poor
health and said that he had come to San
Jose to see If the climate would npt .bene
fit him. Leishman told his landlady that
his home was in Victoria, B. C, and that
he was a commercial traveler. The man
appeared to be a consumptive.
Just when Leishman killed himself is
not known, but he wa» last seen alive
about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. He
had not been heard about his room dur
ing the evening or night, and Mrs.
Latham thought something was wrong.
At 6 o'clock this morning she had her
son look over the transom. There on the
bed lay Leishman, fully dressed, his face
covered by blood, while in his hand was
a revolver.
To-day the police learned that Irish
man had purcnased a 38-caliber revolver
at the San Jose Hardware Store yester
day. He left no word explaining his sui
cide. A letter was found, however, whicu
would indicate that he had a wife and
two children residing at 306VS Dallas road.
Victoria. About %Vi was found in his
pocket. The Victoria authorities have
been communicated with.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 27.— Georpe M.
Leishman. who committed suicide in. San
Jose, was formerlj' Western representa
tive of the Ogilvia Milling Company, the
largest flour mill concern in Canada. He
was a victim of consumption and for
some time has been very ill. He took a
trip to China on the Glenogle in Febru
ary last in an endeavor to recover his
health, but this did not improve him. He
lost his position soon afterward. Lefsh
man left a wife and Xwo children,
who live on the Dallas Road In this city.
Mrs Irishman was formerly Miss Eikoff
of 'New Westminster.
CBISIS AGAIN DISRUPTS
THE CABINET IN SPAIN
One of the Ministers Resigns and
Sagasta Must Solve a Diffi
culty.
MADRID. May 27.— A crisis in the Cabi
net has occurred. At the meeting of the
Cabinet to-day Scnor Canelejas, Minister
of Agriculture, Insisted upon the neces
sity of convening the Chamber immediate
ly to discuss the religious question. The
other Ministers opposed this proposal and
Senor Canelejas resigned.
After this action the remainder of the
Cabinet placed their portfolios at the dis
posal of Premier Sagasta to enable him
to folvf the difficulty.
Depleting the Salmon Schools.
SACRAMENTO, May 27 —It is discov
ered that in five days of last week 2L3S0
pounds of fresh salmon was shipped from
Red Bluff and in the same time more
Vhan that quantity was shipped from
Chico. This makes a total of more than
twenty tons in five days from two up
river points. Those interested in the
preservation of salmon in the Sacramento
River fear such a. drain as this will
diminish the supply.
Jury Finds PalzonT Guilty.
SUISUN, May 27.— A. Palzoni was con
victed in the Superior Court here of as
sault with a deadly weapon. On March
23 some school children were passing
along a read near Vacaville, which Pal
zont was trying to prevent the public
using, and he shot at them with a rifle
His defense was that his -only intention
was to scare the children. ' "
Torpedo-Boat Destroyer Aground.
LONDON, May 2T.-The British torpedo
boat destroyer Recruit grounded on a
rock off Cape Cornwall, about four miles
north of Lands End. during a fog this
morning, but was floated later in the
day.
M. Leishman of Vic
toria Wearies of Struggle
Against Disease.
A reception to the vlsltng bankers and
their families on Thursday evening, in the
ballroom of the Vendome. will open the
festvities. There will be addresses of wel
come by local bankers and responses, fol
lowed by a musical programme and danc
ing.
On Friday there will be sessions morn
ing, afternoon and evening. The president
and other officers will report. The Fowler
currency and banking bill and general
banking business will be discussed.
If necessary .there will be a short ses
sion on Saturday. After this the dele
gates will be taken for a ride about the
valley. Pacific Congress Springs, Los
Gatos and El Quito olive farm will be
vsilted. At the latter place luncheon will
be served.
J. M. Elliott, president. First National Bank
of Los Angeles; James K. Lynch,' vice presi
dent. First* National Bank of San Francisco;
O. \V. Kline, treasuicr. Crocker- Wool worth Na
ticral Bank; R. M. Welch, secretary. San Fran
cisco Savings Union; executive council — Frank
Miller, chairman, "National Bank of D. O.
Mills & Co., Sacramento; I. Steinhart, Anglo-
California Bank, Ltd., San Francisco; W. A."
Hale, Bank of Martinez; C. W. Bush, bank of
Yol'j. Woodland; A. H. R. Schmidt, German
Savings and Loan Society, San Francisco; J.
R. Ryland. Commercial Bank, Los'GatOs; E.
P. Foster. Bank of Ventura; J. F. Brooke, Safe
Deposit Bank. San Jose; Richard Bradley. Pio
neer Bank, Portervilie.
The officers of the association, and who
are epected to be present, and participate
in the sessions, are as follows: . •
SAN JOSE, May 27.— The California
Bankers' Association will meet in annual
convention in Hotel Vendome on Thurs
day, Friday and Saturday. One hundred
delegates are expected, representing the
financial interests in ail parts of jthe
State. Arrangements have been made by
the local bankers for receiving and enter
taining these visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Garden City Members Plan
for Entertainment of the
Sick Commercial Trav
eler Dies a Su-cide in
. San Jose.
California 1 Bankers' As
sociation Will .Meet
in San. Jose.
PISTOL BULLET
ENDS HIS AILING
COIN CUSTODIANS
TO TALK FINANCE
THE YOUNG LADIES OF . ST. ROSE ACADEMY SINGING IN COSTUME
AT THE" COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES AND A> PHOTOGRAPH OF
THE PASTOR OF ST. DOMINIC S. ' . , '
The graduates are: Miss M. Anthony
Miss A. Canepa, Miss G. McCarthy. Miss
A. Purvis. Miss K. Robinson, Miss E
Sheeny. The graduates from the boys'
school are: Patrick Dougherty, Aldan
Doyle, Joseph Feeney, James Long, Ed
ward McMullen, John Murray, Frank
O' Leary. John Racik and George Ragnee
Miss E. Sheehy will deliver the valedic
tory, after which Archbishop Riordan will
confer, the graduating honors and deliver
an address. . -..-.,•
The senior boys will appear in a mili
tary drill and battle song and the young
ladies will be seen in a golden jubilee
march and State flower drill. To honor
their alma mater, the alumnae will sins
the closing chorus of Curto's "Regna
Terrae," with orchestral accompaniment
The crowning number, however, will be
"Miriam," a drama in three acts, written
by a Slater of Charity. The cast is as
follows: J:v
Ibraham, a Pharisee, Master Joseph
Feeney ; Saloma, his wjf e, Miss Amelia
Canepa; Orpha and Miriam, daughters.
Miss Bessie Foley and Miss Loretta
O'Connell; Europa, Silvia, Iryab, Juba
and others, attendants.
Th© drama • terminates In .. a striking
tableau, showing Miriam ascending to
heaven, accompanied by angels. •¦ The
Grand Opera-house orchestra, under the
direction of Frederic Knell; will be in at
tendance. -
NAPA, May 27.— A notable wedding oc
curred in the Presbyterian Church at 11
o'clock this morning, the principals being
Miss Mildred Francis and Attorney Ray
mond Benjamin. Four hundred invited
guests i witnessed the ceremony. Rev.
Richard Wylie was the officiating: clergy
man. E. H. Winship was the groom 3
best man, Mies Ethel Francis the maid
of honor and Miss Louise Churchill ar.d
Miss Gertrude Thompson the bridesmaids.
The bride is the eldest daughter of
Editor G. M. Francis of the.Napa Reg
ister. She Is a lady of many talents. Mr.
and Mrs. Benjamin are well known
throughout the State and are very popu
lar in Napa circles. ,.
will be "The Dawning of a May Morn
ing," . introducing, brownies, and poppies,
rejoicing in the return of spring, and fol
lowed by fairies and flower girls in the
intricate mazes of the maypole dance.
dred Francis Kneel : . at
Hymen's Shrine.
Raymond Benjamin and . Hiss Mil-
NAPA ATTOBNEY WEDS .
DAUGHTER OF EDITOS
SEATTLE, May 27.— Sol G. Simpson
and A. H. - Anderson, representing the
Simpson Logging- Company, have closed
one of the biggest timber deals of recent
years by purchasing from John A. Hum
bird for $125,000 spot cash 6000 acres of
land, the old mill, site, mill and machin
ery of the Port Discovery Mill Company.
Humbird represents the Weyerhauser
syndicate of St." Paul; which "owns thou
sands of acres of timber land In ''the
State. All the land purchased lies in Jef
ferson County. ' ' • ¦' ."" *.
• It is understood that Thomas F. Oakes,
formerly president of the Northern Pa
cific Railroad, has obtained corn trol of the
Port . Angeles and Eastern Railroad and
will extend the line through from Olym
pia to Port Townsend. This would open
a valuable timber territory. The Simp
ton Logging Company will reconstruct
the old mill and give It a capacity of
200,000 feet of lumber a day. It will also
build a shingle mill with a capacity of
400,000 a day. \
Purchase in State of
1 Washington.
Simpson Logging Camp Hakes a Sig
ACQX7HUES SIX THOTJSAND ; '
\ , ACBES OF TIMBEB LAND
The intense feeling displayed by the
miners against Arichibald Dick, the pro
vincial inspector, has engendered a feel
ing of distrust against all Government of
ficials, which has given rise to the state
ment that the Government is balking in
vestigation. The miners, however, are
making all preparations for having their
side of the case heard, and there are out
side interests which are demanding a fua
inquiry.
The Miners' Union has retained counsel
to look after its interests. The- union of
ficers are now busily occupied in gather
ing evidence. The Coroner's jury is com
posed of merchants of Fernie.
So far seventy-two bodies have been re
covered. The work of the rescue forces
at the mine 4s proceeding very slowly.
It has been definitely settled now that the
explosion occurred in one of the lowest
workings, known as Beaver pit. Hun
dreds of tons of rock -and coal • were
brought down upon the unfortunate min
ers by the force of the explosion.- It is
known that some of the bodies are burled
beneath from fifty to seventy torfs of
debris, and while some of these 'may be.
recovered it is very probable that many
will never be seen again.
( The company claims that it is not in
possession of a full list of all the men
who met death. It is said that the names
of the contract men are unknown. No
record appears , to have been kept, and
therefore the * exact number of lives lost
may never be known. - ; - . . .
The committee on disbursements . is
making excellent use of the relief, fund,
which now amounts to $15,000. So far It
has been found that fifty widows and ap
proximately 10Q children stand . in need of
assistance. In many Instances whole fam
ilies have been rendered destitute by the
death of the breadwinners.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 27.— Within a
couple of hours to-day Mayor Hay ward
raised $1100 for the Fernie relief fund.
The city and Premier Dunsmuir each con
tributed |25O.
VANCOUVER, . B. C., May 27.—Sensa
tional-disclosures are expected to-morrow
at Fernie, when inquests will be held over
the bodies of some of the men killed in
last Friday's disaster in tfie. Crows Nest
mines. The surprises are expected to
come in the shape of testimony regarding
the condition of the mine workings. Wil
liam Blakemore, the former superintend
ent of the mine, is preparing a signed
statement which will be submitted as one
of the most important pieces of evidence
in connection with the Investigation. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Union Engages Counsel to
Look After interests
of Its Members.
Victims Promises
. Sensations. .
Inquest Over Fernie
MINERS DEMAND
RIGID INQUIRY
Jubilee of St. Patrick's and, St. Vin
cent's : Schools. ' J
The commencement exer'cises'o'f St. Vin
cent and St.. Patrick schools will be held
next : Thursday afternoon at 2:30- o'clock
in the Grand Opera-house. As this is the
golden Jubilee, year of St. "Vincent's, the
programme will be of more than, ordinary
Interest. - .
A ujn iflue ', feature of the performance
C0MMEN0BMBNT' EXERCISES.
trade Ryan.. Second sopranos: Ellie Ewing,
Stella Harris, Hazel Holm, Mary Hurley. Mar
lon Tob!n. Adele Stevens, Helen Hightower,
May O'Connor. Margaret Ufen, Rose Kenny.
Altos : , Charlotte Jepseh, Mary Hlckey, Agnes
Murphy, May Devery,' Nellie O'Brien; Angela
Coyle, - Briffld Dpran. Katherlne Bird. "Cali
tornla.". Charlotte Jepsen; "MUhty Lak &
Rose" (Nevin), juvenile chorus; "Caprice Es
pagnol/v Op. 21. No. 1 ; (Moszkowski). Ethel
Kelly^ Violet Mitchell, Genevieve Meherln. Ma
zle Cook: "Our B«,by," Haiina. Reid, Ulllan
Troy, Albertlna Meyerhoffer; valedictory, Julia
Murphy; * Graduating ' honors conferred on
Julia Murohy, Charlotte Jepeen; certifi
cates • conferred on Constance' McAullffe, Ma
tie Cook. lima Forner, Agnes laherty, Kath
erine Mahoney, Ella Cook, Ellie Bwing. . Mary
Hlckey. Ethel Kelly, Katherlne McAulifte.
Frances Mahoney, Mary-- Sheehan, Edna
Thompson. ¦ •. ¦'¦::.'¦•-
MKDALS ARE PRESENTED. •
For; proficiency In work and excellence
in conduct the following young" ladies
were awarded certificates or medals: ;
, Certificate • for completion' of 1 senior year
awarded to Constance McAulifte. - .'.;•
. ¦ Certificate for completion of Junior '¦ year
awarded to Mazie Cook, lima Forner, Agnes
Laherty and Katherine Mahoney. ;"••¦¦¦
Certificates for . completion of ' ninth, year
awarded to Ella Cook, .Ellle Ewinjr/- Mary
Hlckey, Ethel Kelly. Katherlne . McAullffe,
Frances Mahoney, Mary Bheehan and • Edna
Tbcmsen. .' ', -.. ,:t - .-¦.,' •'. • ¦•'-.. ' ' '' '
, Gold medal for- Christian doctrine- awarded
to Constance McAuliffe. - -' ./- '.,, ;;¦-' - .
. * Medal . for general .- excellence . awarded to
A JCatherine Mahoney.:;.. ' ¦" '
Medal for excellence ; awarded to Katherine
McAullffe. . .'; \ .,..'.
¦ . Medal 'for improvement awarded to". Ella
Schoen; distinguished.. Violet .Mitchell. , : . .
•Gold medal for Christian doctrine awarded to
Agnes Laherty. . • < \.< ... . ""¦¦¦ \^\
Medal for excellence awarded to Agnes Mur
phy. / ¦ :.''¦ ¦ • .-.--. .¦,"¦•. \ ¦•:•; . -.:
Medal • for excellence awarded -, to - Margaret
Kelly. ; ..•'- -¦-.,' • ¦..;
Medal for Christian doctrine awarded to Mary
Devery. . ¦ « - . .„', . ¦, ¦_,„•. ' . . ..." .".'.:.
v Medal for improvement awarded to Berna
detto Kugleberg.' •- • .' ....—¦
. Medal for application - awarded _ to. Mary
Lynch;- ' •¦ .••• ¦ .-.'- - ..¦.-¦¦ . •"- ¦»..•'
r Medal for Christian doctrine awarded to Ma
rie Black. .. . : ,
Medal for excellence awarded to • Hannah
Eeld; • ¦ • ¦ "',;.V-- - • • ¦ -V '.• - 7 -.-.- •.••.. •
¦ Medal for • Christian doctrine awarded to
Martha McAuliffe. f . >
¦ . : j Gold medal for Improvement is Instrumental
music awarded i to , Ethel Kelly, t-' ¦ " :;.
Medal for painting- merited "by "Btla Cook,
Stella Harris. Violet Mitchell. • Genevieve'Sulli
van, Ellle Ewlngr, May O'Connor, , Gertrude
O'Connor, Hazel Hahn and Eomana-Mulqueen.
It was . drawn by Romana Mulqueen. ' '
: The programme as rendered 1 was as fol
lows: • -.-..¦;. ¦. r ;;.-\- -..-,<.-.•'. ,,:.....•
?: '."Rose ¦ ¦ 'Waltz," .' three-Dart < v chorus ' (Moritz
Peuschel) — First sopranos : ¦ Julia' Murphy, ¦ Con
stance McAullffe, Kathleen McAuliffe,- Gene
vieve . Reardon. Genevieve ¦; Sullivan, , Romana
Mulqueen;. Ella Schoen,'/ Imelda Leary, Esme
Flood, •-! Lenore . Peters. -:Wlnifred I 'Kuirleburg,
lone ,n Glennon, Gertrude ¦< O'Connor,' "-¦ Margaret
Kelly,- Pauline . Neth.: ¦ Alice » Ponnelly, 1 , Ethel
Buckley, Nellie Allison, Rose Steftons, Ger-
portunity of seeing for themselves : the
work which is done by the pupils at the
academy.' Specimens of the pupils? work
in oil painting, decorating chinaware, em
broidery and pyrography were on exhibi
tion in the parlor of the hall. The work
displayed how well the young ladies have
been trained and' also ¦ reflected great
credit on their teachers.' Especially
noticeable In the display .was : the, . china
ware which ! had been decorated :by May
and Gertrude O'Connor. \ The other pupils
whose work was exhibited were Genevieve
Sullivan, . decorated'' chinaware; Violet
Mitchell. Romana Mulqueen, Stella Harris,
Ellle Ewing, • Ella Cook, F. Mahoney,
Margaret ' Ufen and Helen Hlghtower.
Besides- Father Murphy, there . were
present ' the ' following priests: . J. . R;
Newell, O. P.; J. G. Rourke.C P.; J. Q.
Welch.C P.; J. S. Jones, O.. P., 'and also
Brothers Xenophon, Hosea and,Euphra
sius, and; Mother. Louise/ superior; of- the
Dominican College , at San Rafael. ¦/ - -/ .
At the conclusion of the programme, the
friends of the students were given an op-
In presenting the medals, certificates
and diplomas Very Rev. Father Pius Mur
phy took occasion to pay a high tribute
to the efficient work of the Dominican
Sisters, than whom, he declared, there
were no more capable instructors in the
State. He explained the position of .the
Catholic ' Church In regard to the educa
tion of the child. He said that God had
intrusted the parent with the care of his
children and that the parent's duty was so
sacred that there Was no power on earth
that gave a, right to usurp it. He said
that parents are answerable to God for
their trust and that they cannot' when
called to account for their conduct toward
their offspring answer as did Cain, "I
am not my brother's keeper."
He said that which belongs to Caesar
should be given to Caesar, but that as
the soul of the child belonged to God, who
had Impressed it with his Image, it should
be given to God.
In conclusion. Father Murphy addressed
a few words to the young ladies, who were
about to embark on their life Journey. > He
also thanked "the people, in behalf of i the
Dominican Sisters, , for the splendid at
tendance at the exercises. . , . r • •
CHILD BELONGS TO GOD.
The programme was > begun' in a very
pleasant manner by the singing of Mor
ltz •• Peuschel'a "Rose Wa^ltz" by thirty
eight young ladies, all dressed in whiter
They had been carefully trained by the
Bisters and sang the difficult music with
out a single false note and with fine,
clear voices. The Juvenile chorus, con
sisting of little girls, none of whom is
more than 10 years of age. sang "Mighty
Lak a Rose" In 'the most commendable
manner. The singing of the sweet voiced
little ones proved very delightful to the
audience and they were heartily ap
plauded. l
* The feature of the exercises and the
most picturesque event on the programme
was the story of the "Crosses" as told
In song by a. large chorus of girls. , This
etory was intended to illustrate that each
man Is best fitted. to bear the cares and
troubles, or metaphorically, the cross
which God has ordained he. should carry.
.The costumes of the young ladies who
appeared in this i spectacular scene were
most: elaborate. >
SINGING IS APPRECIATED.
There were but two graduates. Miss
Julia Murphy and Miss Charlotte Jepsen.
Miss Murphy, who had the honor of be
in 3 the valedictorian, can. also boaat of
the honor of" having received her entire
education from«the Dominican Sisters, as
she has been a pupil, in j St. .Rose Acad
emy since her sixth year. Miss Charlotte
Jepsen delivered an address on "Califor
nia," in -which she described the pictur
esque scenery and bountiful resources
with which nature has blessed the Golden
State. Both of the graduates had prov
ed themselves excellent • scholars. Miss
Murphy won a gold medal for proficiency
•in higher English, while Miss Jepsen was
presented with a gold medal for excel
lence in classic literature. ,
THE commencement exercises . of
St. Rose Academy were held yes
terday in Golden Gate Hall before
a large gathering of the friends
of the fair young students and of
their teachers, the Dominican Sisters.
The programme, which consisted of an
able address from one of the graduates
and of songs sweetly rendered by cho
ruses of the younger pupils, was admir
ably calculated to show how successful
have been the Sisters in training the
girls who attend their school to be grace
ful, modest and cultured young women.
' THE SABT FBANCISCO' CALL,! WEDNESDAY ,«'MAY/28, 1902.
Picturesque^
ment Exercises, of tte^chool Taught by the Dominican Sisters.
V The Rev. Fattier- Rius Murphy M^
GRADUATION HONORS ARE CONFER RED
ON THE PUPILS OF ST. ROSE ACADEMY
4
APVijraTisTnvrFrBrTg. _^
ITNITED STATES BRANCH.^
STATEMENT
——OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS^
OF THE
Alliance
ASSURANCE COMPANY
¦ . . ' y . ¦ *¦¦ .--'¦•-• il
OP LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE31ST
day of December, A. D. 1901, and for the
year , ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. , j .
Capital ; ......... $25,000,000
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np Is •
Cash .... 4 Z.750.000
ASSETS." '.'' ~
Real Estate .owned by Company.... 8173, 170 8T
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 508.312 50
Cash In Banks W.285 35
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans l 750 0O
Premiums in due Course of Collection 49,084 81
Bills receivable, dot Matured, taken ' >
for Fire and Marine Risks 565 00
Rents due and accrued.... 475 00 *
Total Assets ...$877,643 63
LIABILITIES. . r "\
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,438 60 1
Losses in process of Adjustment or • ¦ » j
In Suspense ...„ 2.4S3 71
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 427 94
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: one year or less. $221,007 98;
• reinsurance 50 per cent 110,803 90
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; more than one year. $108,-
.979 03; reinsurance pro rata v. 65,341 56
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 6,349 68
; . Total Liabilities $137,865 78
; \ INCOME....-,." ;
Net cash actually .received for Fire • . .
$357,653 04
Received for interest and .dividends
j on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from ¦
all other, sources 22044 17
Received for Rents 13,767 50
Total Income '.. $293,404 71
f EXPENDITURES. ¦ . S
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $4,452 27, losses of pre-
vious years) 1 (67,990 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 61.61T 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 13.288 24
Paid for. State, National and Local
taxes r 3,764 99
All other payments and expenditures 20,463 77
Total Expenditures $167,125 04
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.... $68,073 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
Tear $26,201,390 $337,954 19
Net amount cf Risks
expired during the
>•<«¦ 22,732.131 279.8819a
Net amount in force
December 31, 1901.. 23,727,108 330.58T 01
SAML. R. WEED (of Weed A Kennedy).
_ . _,. " Manager.
- Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 27tli
day of January. 1902.
_ , . GEO. H. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York.
. Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
C. F. MULLINS, E. T. MEBLING.
- r*. * Manager. Asst. .Manager.
1 ;
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND. AFFAIRS
— or the —
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, United,
Or LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1901. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to th« provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $2,228,078 73
Cash In Company's Office.......; 75 62
Cash In Banks ...., 21,629 48
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ¦ 25,853 73
Cash in hands of U. S. Trustees. 451,992 24 i
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection .¦•-..•-. 158.753 93
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 12,675 54
Total Assets ............$2,897,059 21
. LIABILITIES, r =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid J $110,769 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ....... .;.. i> -... •.:.¦„ 802.972 90
Lo&sefl resisted, including expenses. 19,233 00
Gross premiums on Tin Risks run-,'
nlng one year or less. $2,012,-
814 03; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,006,407 46
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,603.- - ¦ •
600 37; reinsurance pro rata 829.217 02
All .other liabilities "¦ 7 194,410 35
Total Liabilities .............$2,460,009 73
INCOME. . . r •
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,901,247 81
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,' and
from all other sources'.. 76.123 70
Total Incoras 12.877.371 81
¦EXPENDITURES.
Net (mount paid for Flr» Lease*
(including $454,025 00, losses of
previous years) ...51.536,253 63
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 5C9.507 T7
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 142,221 83
Paid for State, National and Lo-
cal taxes 74.730 29
All other payments and erpendl- __„,,,
tures ., • 327,904 41
f. Total Expenditures .$2.890.653 95
: ; :-' : - Fire.
Losses Incurred during taa year. .$1.950.323 40
Risks and.. Premiums. Fire Riska. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
SSSSiSS- .! h ? J440.88S.75o 14,188.960 06
Net amount of Risks
yef/^...^. 11 *-" 6 402.781.784 3.537.096 08
¦ SS! 340.091,098 3.616.413 3ft
A. D. IRVING, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before- me this
23th day &8Fo?fc?OM. NoUry
BUTLER & HEWITT,
v ~ AGENTS,
413 California Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
h •< EI * ** *¦ •> Bea-poiscnana
J^i'TfTiTg^wTl* -** remedy for Gonorrhcea -
JSsSr CURES WbJtas, unnatural dU>
JEStSt la 1 *• S dtyi. « chargjs, or any inflammiu
Jw?ff OnmnatMd to M tlon, irritation or ulcera-
K**Jl •__,. «oau<!aa. *1°& of mncom men-
¦WSrfEUT^M^Pii braaM - Non-«tringent.
WP"""^-©" sent la plain wrapper.
p. a, a. j&fa by express, prepaid, for
TJ^rafifri-lnHiyVl I?- 00 ' or 3 bottlos, (2.73.
%^j^g2B*IKpP Si Circular seat oa roqaast.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS — RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. COc to $1 SO day; .
$5 Xfi fS week; $3 to $20 .month. Free. baths;
hot and told water every room; fire grates In
•very room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
TRUSTEEIALE. |
§ The STOCK OF THE LONDON-PARIS |
| CLOAK CO.iof 1103 Washington Street, near I
| TwelfthVOAKl-AND, is being SOLD FOR THE S
| BENEFIT QFVrHE CREDITORS. |
S ; 1-ADI ES", ¦ how is your chance to obtain a |
| "FINE TAiLpR-MADE SUIT, CQAT\ etc., at I
s ALMQSt ONE-FOURTH OF THEIR ORIG- |
I V INAL PRICE.: V : I
g ; l S8 i-ri^rancisco people, take advantage of 8
gr this sale. Open -from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. |
I .SATURDAYS UNTIL 10 P. M. |
DOAN'S KIDNEY • PILLS. \
¦ You say it's from overwork, when you're all tired out from ¦
n sitting at your desk all day long, from sticking right to it, 3
Q no matter what your daily task may. be. You go home q
j| with a torturous ache in the small of the back, with sharp B
| pains in the loins. The Kidneys rebel at overwork and the B
n i^^^S. many aches and pains tell a
i ills 1
H I "™***^""^^a I Sv " ' jf* n eer, ¦. 16 Jackson street, says: H
C£ j il w\. "From childhood, I might say, I n
Q I I J JfiJ 3t?» ' have had more or less kidney com- SS
EH I . 1 t ai *w plaint, but for the last fifteen years S
n * .x^* 1 I ; was more pronounced. My back 2
r- \- 3i I y?e ached more painfully and when I Bl
~ yT I Vms BBFg> caught cold the aching was greatly H
*- I Sl^t ' aggravated. As might be expected, ¦ H
£3 I jftajL when the kidneys were not per- H
SJ / *e9flLfc; . forming 1 their functions properly, • m
G- i \y*»«j* extra work was , placed on other \ ff
K J. ~ , ' *,_ «.- -rT* -organs of the body and my stomach 5
2 gave trouble. Going to the No-Percentage Drug Store, 949 Market street for ¦
« Doan's Kidney Pills, I took a course of the treatment. , ¦
ej Ail Druggists, 50 Cents. , Foster-Miiburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y. ¦
KBBBBBflflBBBBBBflBBBBBBaBBBBHBBHHHBUMaaaaaBTO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
» Tuesday, ¦ May, 27. * '.:
•,Stmr' Alameda,' Herfiman. 5 days lO.hourV
0 minutes from Honolulu. ¦ . ¦ . .
• Stmr Queen, Hall, 56^ hours from .Victoria,
etc. . . ¦ :¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' > s ••-., . . ;-. [¦_, >,>-; ::-.
Stmr Prentiss, . Ahlstrom, • 32 hours from San
Pedro. . ¦ - ¦ ' ¦ . ¦
Stmr "NewbuT" . Peterson. : 66 hours '¦'; from
Grai'3 Harboc -¦,:..¦ ¦s--\*« -•'. *• • • • -. . ¦_ ; -
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
¦ ,. WEDNESDAY. MAT. 28.. '. .
Sun rise3 ...:..................;...... - 4-. 49
Sun E«»ts •.!:**7 : 23
Moon rises ;...........;... ;. .;*... ; n : 42 ip; m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
ths early morning tides j are given in I the i left
hand column and the successive tides: of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tide*, aa
sometimes: occurs.- "The heights given are -In
addition to the eoundinss of the United States
Const Purvey charts, except when a minus ( )
slpn precedes the helsrht. and then the number
g-1 v<«n is subtracted from the . depth '. given ¦ by
thft charto. Tho plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters..., ' • V .
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office/ U.- S.'. N., Mer-
• To the East Indies— 382 cs canned fruits,' 9
cs canned asparagus, 481 cs salmon, 1080 lbs
dried fruits, 395 gals wine, 02 pkgs groceries
and provisions. • .. « '/i
. To Korea — 308 pkgs groceries and provisions.
2 rolls wire rope. 1 bale dry goods. 1 pkg ma
chinery. 5 bbls paints and oils. ' •
To Vladivostok— 15 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 1 cs firearms.
-To Manila — 2704 cs canned goods, 2 cs candy
2 pkgs machinery. 1 cs drugs. 700 lbs spices!
00 pkgs bottled beer, 20 cs cheese, 6 pkgs agri
cultural implements. 4 .pkgs potatoes, 50 cs
lubricating oil.. 3 cs hats. 17 cs boots and shoes
10 bxs soap, 2450 lbs starch.
To Japan — 1110 bbls flour. 50 cs axes, 113
cs canned goods, 174 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 378 lbs hams and bacon, .115 pkgs
leather, 17 pkgs machinery, 2102 pigs lead, 44
sks hoofs, 3 cs honey, 6 pkgs drugs and sun
dries, 32 pkgs electrical goods, 574,872 lbs com
pressed cotton. - 4 cs brandy, 104 pkgs bicycles
and sundries. 52 pkgs paints and oils, 3 cs rub
ber goods. 12 cs salmon, 2150 lbs tan bark, 4378
gale wine. 112 cs whisky. 2500 lbs sugar, 47
pkgs sewing machines.
To China — 7040 bbls flour, 875 lbs dried
fruits, 441 cs canned goods, 215 pkgs bottled
beer, 2198 lbs butter, 1S9 pkgs bicycles and
sundries, 1000 lbs codflsh, 7100 lbs abalone,
5701 lbs and 5 pkgs cheese. 114S pkgs groceries
and provisions, 11.720 lbs hams and bacon, 594
cs liquors, 21 pkgs machinery, 139 cs hoofs,
270 lbs hops, 1975 , bales cotton domestics 44
pkgs electrical goods, 21.880 lbs dried fleh," 4
cs gas engines, 525 cs candy, 16 cs drugs, 3101
lbs coffee, 5 cs champagne, 2 bales dry goods,
25 cs peas, 280 lbs starch, 1532 gals and 2 cs
wine, 4 cs whisky, 500 bates sheeting, 8000 lbs
shrimps, 65 cs salmon, 131 bales paper, 19 pkgs
shops. . - ... t
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo valued at
$283,049, manifested and destined as follows:
For Japan, ?103,C20; China, $152,430; Manila,
$21,471; East Indies, $3611; Korea, $1643;
Vladivostok, $2«9. The following were the
principal shipments:
The Coptic's .Cargo.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and ¦ Low
Waters at Fort-. Point, entrance .to /San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street *wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than. at Fort- Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, , Moon and Tide.
43 bbls flour. $21 pkg* fresh fruit, 211
pkss fresh vegetables, 12(>,960 lbs malt.
»M)0 lbs coffee, 20,900 lbs dried - fruit.
1860 lbs - miilstufts, 1119 lbs hops,
121 cs canned goods, 13 cs and 959 gals wine,
950 lbs cheese, 2625 lbs butter, 2500 lbs raisins,
200 lbs beans, 600 tins matches, 10,108 lbs oil
cake, 1393 lbs nuts. 3000 lbs magnesia, 03 ch
cocoa oil, 5 bbls crude oil. 2 bales twine. 9 bbls
baking powder. i~ pkgs paints and oils, 31 cs
drugs, 37 pkgs wagon material, 5 pkgs ma
chinery, 803 lbs grease, 9 pkgs windmill, 4
pkgs dry goods, 100 cs maple syrup,' 3 cs honey,
CO pkgs onions, 6 ctls potatoes.
The steamer City of Puebla, which sailed on
Monday for Victoria, carried a general cargo,
consigned to the principal British American
ports, valued at $13,560. The cargo included
the following merchandise and produce: • ¦-
Exports to British Columbia.
The schooner Eliza. Miller was cleared yes
terday for. La Pax with an assorted cargo, to
be landed at various Mexican ports, valued at
$15,464. The cargo Included the following:
2519 cs powder, - 1000 railroad ties, 445 bdls
ehooks,'1100 gals oil, 10 cs blasting caps, 1 bi
cycle and 4 bales bags.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The British ship afontgomerysKre was
cleared yesterday for Liverpool with 1,009,737
ft of redwood lumber, valued at $24,000.
Lumber for England.
The German ship Ferdinand Fisher will load
lumber at Blakeley for Belfast; chartered In
England.
The British steamer Quito, now at Portland,
will load oatu and flour at Vancouver for Cape
Town. .
The schooner Olga loads merchandise here
for Mahukona, and the echooner Ottllle Fjord
redwood at Eureka for Honolulu.'
• The brig Galilee carries general cargo hence
to Tannings Island. _ -.
Shipping' Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
2TEWS OP THE OCEAN.
The eteaniEhip Curacao arrived yesterday aft
ernoon from Mexico with twenty-eig-ht passen
rers and a cargo of ore, hides, turtles and
other South American products. Among the
passengers was Captain Parsons, who formerly
commanded the Curacao and •was more recently
frith the Panama Railroad Steamship Company.
Parsons has been visiting some mining prop
erty in which he is Interested in the interior of
Mexico. The Curacao brought $55,000 in treas-
Arrives From Mexico.
The Globe Navigation Company'* steamship
Meteor has been chartered by the Northwestern
Commercial Company to carry coal and mer
chandise-between Puget Sound and Nome and
St. Michael. • ¦
Charter lor Meteor.
The steamship Enterprise of the"Matson Nav
igation Company arrived at Hllo May 14; hav
ing made the passage In eight days and nine
hours. The ¦ Eenterprise Is the pioneer of the
deep-sea oil burners, and this performance
beats the record of her first voyage by nearly
a day. The conversion to oil burning has in
creased the speed of the Enterprise by several
knots, and Captain Matson is Jubilant over the
success of the experiment. ¦ .
Makes Quick Trip.
The torpedo-beat destroyer Preble. was "yes
terday given her final trial and so acquitted
hertclf that her acceptance by the Government
Id now only a matter of form.. She left the
Union Iron Works at 10 o'clock and returned
shortly after 1 P. m., having been kept at full
speed during the whole time. She came up to
contract in every particular and proved herself
a much more satisfactory boat than the Perry,
which was recently accepted. When the Perry
is going at full epeed the vibration front . her
engines is said to be something terrific. The
Preble en her trial yesterday was steady as a
rock and the tremble of her machinery was
not more noticeable than is the vibration on
fii jwrean litter doifig' her Isest. The Preble dis
places a lot of water when making time, and
the wave ehe sent against the wharves yester
day morning caused those aboard th« ships to
fear that a series of earthquakes were disturb
ing the harbor basin. Captain Fallen of the
Farragut had charge of the trial for. the navy
and Her.ry T. Scott was on board as the rep
resentative of the Union Iron Works. Captain
George Harvey acted as pilot.
Preble Has Final Trial.
The yacht Lucero. now the property of the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company, sailed yes
terday for Seattle. She Is commanded by Cap
tain McFarlane and Captain Frank Peters of
the Peterson gasoline launch fleet Is acting
chief engineer, but will leave the yacht at Se
attle and return to San Francisco by rail.
Lucero Starts for Seattle.
Caught in. Cogwheel.
A. Peterson, a machinist, living at 923%
Howard street, was yesterday caught In the
cog wheel of a machine at 814 Main street and
seriously injured. The damage was confined
to his right arm and consisted of twenty-four
lacerated wounds, which were sewed up at the
Harbor Hospital.
Stmr Gualala, Weber. 15 hours from Blhlera
P °Swir Phoenix, Odland. 14 houn "from : Men-'
d °Stm > r Eureka, Jesaen, 30 hour* from Eureka.
• Stmr Curacao, Paulsen. 10 days from Guay-
m Nor. stmr Tellua, Pedersen. 81 hour* from.
Wyeneld. Watson, 4 days from
.^r^shtoWeitKtite. Neville. 92 day« from
Kreb.. 12 day from
Sarrtns, 5 days from Coo. Bay.
CLEARED.
' . • .... ; -Tuesday,. May 2T.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Ore«on
"pom^nl^he 0 *, Eureka rOoodall. Perl
** Stmr < V > aJencla; Bonlfleld. Seattle; Goodall,
¥tmr Indiana, Morle, Seattle; Northern Com
™Br 1 it 1 m? > C«ptic; Rlnder. Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong ; O , A O S3 Co. ¦ * •-.,
Br ship- Montgomeryshire, Edward*, Liver
pool: Balfour. Guthrie & Co. ¦ ¦• "¦' • -
Schr Eliza r Miller, Brummer, La Paij Tvm
Olsen,-. ,, ;v SAILED ; ;
• ... . . May 27.
• Btmr Chas Nelson, Schage, Seattle.
Stmr Lucero. McFarlane, Seattle.
' Stmr Valencia, Bonlfleld, Seattle.
Stmr : Newburif, Peterson, San Pedro. .
Btmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Westport, Erlcson, Crescent City.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson,. Santa Crua. ;
Stmr Brooklyn, Higglns, Point Arena,
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, — -. ,
Br «tmr Cootie. Rlnder, Hohgkonr and To
kohama, via Honolulu.-.
Ship A J .Fuller. Haskell. Everett.
Schr Alcalde. Peterson. Portland.
Schr Ida A. Campbell, .Bodega,
• V ¦ • SPOKEN. ,
. May 10, lftt 15 N. Ion 26 W— Br ship Slleve
Roe. from- Antwerp, : for' San FrancUco.
Seventy, miles N of Watllnga Island— Stmr
Alllanca, from New York, for Colon.
... MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, May 22— Salvage «tmr working
on ship Iroquois, previously reported wrecked
in ¦ SaDl 8tralts, has discontinued operations
and returned to Bourabaya. Carsro toUl loss.
. TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBOS, May. 27, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind W. • velocity 20 miles p«r hour.
- . • . ¦"¦ DOMESTIC POKTS.
• NEAH BAY— Passed In May 27— Br stmr
Wellington, hence May 23, for Ladysmlth;
Btmr Ohio, hence May 2Vfor Seattle.
SAN • PEDR&*-Arrived May 27— Bktn En
core, from Columbia River. • • ¦
Sailed May 27— Stmr Scotia, for San Fran
° j^STORIA — Sailed May 27 — Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco; Ger ship Carl, for China.
SAN. DIEGO-^-Salled May 27— U S stmr
A EUREKA— Sailed May 27— Schr Mary E
Russ, for San Pedro; stmr North Fork, for
"ven'tURA- Arrived May . 27— Barge Santa
Paula, In tow of tug Rescue, and sailed for
San Francisco. * - '-¦.'" _ " ¦ .
tfMPQUA— Sailed May 24 — Schr Zampa.
May 2B — Schr Dora Bluhm, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived May 27— Stmr Co
quille River, hence; May^S. _ _
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in May 27—
Stmr Ohio, hence. May 24. for Seattle.
TACOMA — Arrived and sailed May 27— Stmr.
PORT °HAD!X)CK — Arrived May 27 — Stmr
South Portland, from Tacoma. _ . '^-^
- REDONDO— Arrived . May 27— Stmr . Des-
Pa SE ATTLE— Arrived May 27-^-Stmr Cottage
City, from Skag way. ¦.* -'' ¦" " -.
Sailed May 27— Ship Spartan;. for San Fran
cUco - . EASTERN J PORT.
.NEW YORK— Sailed May 27— Stmr Finance,
¦^Arrived". May' 26--Stmr Orizaba, from Colon
¦ •'. :•¦ . . ISLAND PORTS. I 1 :. -
' HILO— Arrived May. 8— Stmr Alaskan, from
Honolulu. May 14— Bark Roderick Dhu, hence
• ' May 8—^Bark Martha , Davis, for San
Francisco. I May 16 — Stmr Alaskan, for. New
"kaHULUI — Arrived May 12— Bark Nuuanu,
from Honolulu. ' . ." ' . ¦
HONOLULU — Arrived May 15 — Jan itmr
Nippon .Maru, hence May 0. May '1&— Stmr
Alameda. hence May 10; bktn S G Wildeh
hence April 26: bark Mauna Ala, hence April
25- schr Rosamond, hence, April 2fl.- May 17 —
Schr W H Marston. hence April 22; US stmr
Manila, from Manila, via' Giiam. May 19-
Bktn Amelia, from Eureka. ; May ;21 — U S
stmr Albatross, from' cruise. *¦¦: _
Sailed May 15— Bark Alden Besse, i for San
Francisco. May 10— Jap : stmr Nippon ' Maru,
for China and Japan. May 18— Stmr Califor
nian.'fqr Kahului. May 19— Stmr Eureka, for
Seattle, via Kaanapall and Kahului ; ship Til
lie E Starbuck. .for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.* ¦
CAPE TOWN— Sailed May 27 — Shin John
Currier, for Newcastle, Aim.
¦ KIN SALE — Passed May 27 — Br ship Greta,
from'Fraser River, for Liverpool. •¦ : •
¦¦:• PRAWLE POINT — Passed May 24 — Fr bark
Marechal. Davout,' from Hamburg, for San
ANTWERP-'-Sailed May 25 — Ger ship Chrls
tel. for Porf Los Angeles. . \. - . .
BREMEN — Sailed May 25— Ger bark Werra,
for Honolulu. •¦ " t ¦ •• % •;*"-*¦•%¦?'•<: : ";
HONGKONG^-Salled May 25— Stmr .Victoria,
for Taconia.* . ' ¦ ' * ' '*- ' '"•¦„„•' '"'
BRISBANE: — Arrived May 26— r Br stmr. Mo
ana, " from < Vancouver. . ¦ . • ¦. "
PORT, ELIZABETH — Arrived April 28 — Br.
ship A vennrer, - from • Tacoma. - . ...
„, MANILA— Arrived; May, 12— U S stmr Sher
man, hence April 1 "t- :¦;.'. j.
1 YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 20— Br . «tmr . Em
press of Jaran,' for Vancouver. : ; , • :
VICTORIA — Arrived : May 20-^-Stmr Princess
May and - stmr : Danube. -•• .'¦--,'-• • ¦:; . •
- Sailed May '26 — Br.. stmr Emm-ess of India,
for- China and •-. Japan: stmr ¦ Princess May. • . j
;>'¦¦: ;¦-. .OCEAN = STEAMERS. :. :
- NEW YORK— Arrived May ' 27— Stmr Pala
tla.Vfrom Genoa and 'Naples. . .-'•¦¦,
¦ Sailed . May - 27— Stmr Tauric, ' for ' Liverpool ;
stmr; -Pennsylvania.""? for ". Hamburg,'/ via* Ply
mouth 'and Cherbourg. >• ;•.»•, - . - - - . . -t
• GLASaOW— Arrived 'Mar '27— Stmr Astoria,-
t lrom New; York- ;•¦¦;¦•. ¦.".';¦¦ .'.';.';:... " V' c-: -
A dispatch received, yesterday from London
at' the Merchants' Exchange says that salvage
operations on the American ship Iroquols have
been suspended and that the salvage party has
returned to Sourabaya. declaring the cargo a
total loss. The Iroquols went ashore recently
In Sapi Straits. * - - . -
Cargo a Total Loss.
Coptic from a leave of absence spent in this
cor.ntrv. The passengers were :
For Yokohama — Miss F. S. Cozad. Miss Sarah
Ellis, Mrs. A. J. Harrell. J. G. Meyers, Miss
M. E McDougald Captain S. Ohta, C. Pra
vieux." H. Shirasawa, W. Vemet, Mrs. W. H.
Worley. - ¦
for Kobe — A. J. Buckley. Miss Sala Evans,
Miss Annie Hale, Miss E. P. Swartz.
For Shanghai — Captain F- A. Blake. Mrs.
F. A. Blake, MJss R. Campbell Janssen, Mrs.
A r jo:ies Mrs. M. King. Miss L. K. Mar
shal. Mrs. C. R. O'Leary and child, W. R.
Teck, William Roltz.
For Hongkong — P. E. Dudley. A. E. Fearn
|oy I)r J C Hollister. Mr*. J. C. Hollister,
Eugene Uebelhardt. P. E. Wagar.
The Occidental and Oriental steamship Cop
tic sailed yesterday for the Orient. She had
twenty-three cabin passengers and an unu
sually large cargo. In the steerage' were
twenty-three Chinese that have been refused
adsiEslon to the country. Mrs. C. R.
O'Leary. wife of Paymaster O"Leary of toe
U. S. S. Monterey, was a passenger. Captain
E. Ohta cf the Japanese army returned on the
Sails for Orient.
The British ship Westgate, which arrived ye«
terday, ninety-two days from Newcastle. Aus
tralia, reports that on May 17. when thirty
miles west of the Farallones, she encountered a
terrific northerly gale, in which the ship was
driven under bare poles 150 miles southwest of
this port. A number of her sails were blown
away, and the heavy seas that boarded her
wrought considerable damage on deck. The
gale continued for three days, during whieff
time it was impossible to keep any sail on the
ship. The Westgate brought 2845 tons of coal.
In Heavy Gale OfE Port.
LONDON, May 27.— A full rehearsal -of
the" coronation procession along. the whole
length of the route, from . Buckingham
Palace to Westminster Abbey and return,
tcok place-this .morning. ' .; \ ! .
. The attendants 'arid the. horses, were,
practically the same as will' take part; in
the parade of June 26. The. vehicles' were
plain coaches and brakes, ; representative
of the elaborated state equipages which
willvbe used on .coronation day, 'and
grooms and outriders represented the no
table personages who will ride In attend
ance on. their Majesties, y . • ; -:¦••&
The first nine carriages will be occupied
by members of the British royal family.
They will be. followed by vehicles . con
taining their suites. The . great': state
coach, which will come last, was repre
sented to-day by a big brake drawn >by
the eight ' cream-colored .• Hanoverians
which figured' in the .procession at- tho
time of the late Queen Victoria's jubilee
and on the occasion of her, funeral. ¦; ,
The horses to-day wore crimson moroc
co harness with heavy, gilt fittings and
ornamentation, which is being made for
the coronation. The rehearsal included
the'picking up of passengers at Bucking
ham Palace and their alighting at
minster Abbey. ':.¦ ':¦.'<- '~--\ '¦.:¦'¦ ¦•¦¦- -
VICTORIA, B. C. May. .27.— The steamer
Amur, which arrived this morning; .reports that
navigation through Lake Lebarge has now
started and all the Yukon is ' clear. . ¦
chants' Exchange, San - Franclfco, Cal.,
May 27, 1902. ¦ :¦¦' ¦ . \ -,f
The Time Ball on the tower of the* Perry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian. . or at -8
p. m.. Greenwich time. . •¦ -< '¦ .-"•
V: 1) W. H. STANDLEY,-
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
DUNKIRK, France, May 27.— The
French squadron of warship which re
cently, visited .Cronstadt. Russia, as an
escort to President Loubet, arrived here
to-day. M. Loubet landed at noon. He
was welcomed by the Mayor and received
an ovation from the populace. . The Presi
dent proceeded ,to the Chamber of Com
merce, and at a luncheon subsequently
he expressed his delight at the extreme
cordiality of the welcome extended to him
by both the Imperial famiiy and the peo
ple of Russia.
The strengthening of. the bonds uniting
Russia and France would, he believed,
have the beneficial effect of causing
Frenchmen to forget their own differ
ences, which were more apparent than
real, and to turn their united attention to
financial, economic and social problems
urgently requiring settlement.
President Loubet concluded with drink
ing a toast "To the Reunion of All
Frenchmen." ¦ '
After the luncheon President Loubet
proceeded to Paris. ¦>
The President had a tempestuous voy
age from Copenhagen. On Sunday night
the seas continually swept the decks of
the cruiser Montcalm, on which he was.a
passenger, broke over the bridge and
made it necessary to lash the sailors to
the standing gear in order to prevent
them from being washed overboard. It
was Impossible to serve breakfast aboard
the Montcalm on Monday, as the galleys
were flooded, and the President had to be
content with eating biscuits.
ure and 290 tons of ore consigned to Selbys.
Among the passengers were: I ' ¦• •
MrsfR. HTLltUer. B. Crowder. R. Asplna.
B. Butterfield. C. L. Blethln, E. D. Parsona,
B Burkhardt. Captain J. Roth. Mrs. Thried
burger. T. Thrledburger, L.- H. Echolte.
The Oceanic steamship Alameda ar
rived yesterday from Honolulu with more
than 200 passengers and a large cargo.
Froni port to port ideal weather pre
vailed and the liner's running time was
live aays nineteen hours and six minutes.
Many prominent residents of Honolulu
were among the passengers and the list
included a large number of tourists from
all parts of the civilized world. There
were 135 passengers in the steerage, many
of them Portuguese, who have been em
ployed on the island plantations. Among
the passengers were:
f r,^ lES bramsoa - F - Albrirht. Miss A. Alex
ander. Miss Anderson. Mrs. Edgar Bishop. Mrs.
*7.™e and nurse. Mrs. E. J. Barrett. Baby
Ll.lian Barrett. Hon. H P. Baldwin.' True
Ecardman. T. D. Bates. C. M Blair. J. Brown,
a^rs. C. Bon. child and nurse, E. H. Clay©.
J. B. Canney. Mrs. E. H. Claye and four «hil-
Ortu. J. p. Cooke. Miss Emma Cummings Dr.
Isichols Edwards. Miss Edwards, Mrs. John
Ena. Mrs. Ada Fisher F. B. Fanning. O.
Gale. F. H. Grace, Miss Guild, Mrs. Guild.
Henry Holmes and wife, Mrs. Hasslocher,
T. E. Hudson, Mrs. Hulme, ' Miss
Hulme, A. Herbert. - Mrs. Dr. Hllde
brand. Miss Hawley. Mr. Hulme. B, Lowe, A.
Lowe. O. C. Lewis, Evelyn Little. Miss Ada
Lucas, Mrs. A. B. Lindsay and three children.
Oscar Lewis. Miss M. Lishman. D. B. Mur
dock, John Markham. I. Munroe. Samuel Mc-
Kearuf and wife C. Muller, Q. McLeod, Mrs.
I>r. Koblitt and child. T. R. Patterson. Miss
May Powers. Mrs. Powers. Miss Price. M.
Rosenberg. Mrs. Kumble, Miss C. D. C. Ram*
eon. George Ross and wife, Ross children, W.
H. Plerson, Miss M. M. Bicker. H. T. Shaw.
It. Scott. Mrs. C. R. Spilvalo. Miss B. Spllvalo.
Mrs. -Thomas Smith, P. Summerfleld, Mr. and
Mrs. L. E. Thayer, Mrs. VW» Thrum, G. M.
Varrell. H. S. Wheeler and wife, Mrs. J. Wal
ler. Miss L. S. Willis. Frank Wyman. Albert
Watson and wife. Max Werner, Miss Claire
Washington and children, R. O. Tardley.
Everyday Coaches Serve for
the Practice in
Destroyer Preble Gives,Satis
faction on Her Final
Trial Trip.
Upon Returning Pleads With
Countrymen to Forget
Their Differences. m@
and Russia Are
Strengthened.
Bonds Uniting France
Makes Good Time^ in
q a Summer .Voyage
From Honolulu.
Famous Hanoverians in
Preliminary Goron a- ;
tion March. ~ -,
KING'S HORSES
AT REHEARSAL
LOUBET'S TRIP
CEMENTS TIES
ALAMEDA BRINGS
MANY TOURISTS
of his son George "W. F. Ireland Jr., from
their home at 550A Stevenson street. The
young man is 23 years old and left home
last Monday.
States Court Commissioner Heacock on
the charge of tricing up B. Beckkoefer,
the cook of the transport, for dereliction
of duty. Their examination was set for
to-morrow at 2 p. m. They were released
on furnishing bail bonds in $2000 each.
Appraiser de Vries to Visit This City.
United States General Appraiser Marlon
de Vries will visit this city June 13 to
hear pro'tested cases in the office of Ap
praiser Pare. All the persons concerned
have been notified to attend the meeting.
Big Harness Sale.
$9 00 will, buy a good buggy harness. 19
per cent off Wednesday and Saturday.
Leibold Harness Co., 211 Larkln street,
opposite City Hall, i •
ROTTERDAM — Arrived May 24 — Blmr
Noordland, from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 23— Stmr Empress
of Japan, from - Honnkonsr, forTancouver.
. HAMBURG— Sailed May 24— Stmr Prinzes
sen Victoria Luiz, for New York.
•BREMEN- Sailed May. 2T— Stmr Barbarosa,
for New -York, via Cherbourg.
Railroad Suit Is Transferred.
A- transfer was made yesterday from
the Superior Court of Humboldt County
to the United States Circuit Court, of
the case of the Eureka and Klamath Rail
road-Company and ;the Humboldt -Rail
road Company against the .California
Northern Railway Company and: the Eel
River and Eureka Railroad Company for
$20,000 damages for alleged failure to per
form a trackage contract. . :- .. .
ZHartens and Hardstedt Give Bond3.
Captain • KaK-F.v> Martens and First
Officer WrO^Hardstedt'of tho'Transport
Buford appeared ; yesterday before United
George W. F. Ireland Disappears.
/George "WVF. Ireland: St.," reported yes
terday, to the Coroner the disappearance
Important Change in Trains!"
The Santa Fe will on Sunday, June 1,
make an important change in the run
ning time of its trains to and from San
Francisco.
The California Limited during the sum
mer will run only twice per week, leavirr'-
San Francisco at 9 a. m. Mondays and
Thursday. West-bound will arrive in
San Francisco at 11 p. m. on Tuesdays and
Fridays, whereas at present it does not
arrive until the following morning. The
Overland Express will remain as at pres
ent.
The morning train down the San Joa
quin Valley will leave at 9 a. m. instead of
7:20, as at present, and the opposite train
will arrive at 8 a, m. instead of 8:40 a. nv
The 4:20 p. m. train will not run be
yond Stockton on the new card.
THE SAN FRANGISGO v~ OAlLI# WEDNESDAY, MAY 28, 1902^
TO AKRIVB.
5
Steamer.
For.
Satin.
Centennial... Nome' direct '...."..'.....
Dolphin...:.:. Skagway & Way Ports.
Cottage City. Skagway. & Way. Ports.
Senator....... Nome
Garrone;.'.,.. Nome & St. Michael
Roanoke..!.. Nome tc St. Michael....
Ohio......... Nome & St. Michael
C. of Seattle. Skagway & : Way Ports.
C. of Topeka. Skagway &. Way Ports.
Farallon...*. Skagway &,Way Ports.
Oregon Nome
Chico...V. ...,Hope City & Way Pts.J
Lvra. . . ...... . Nome ' & St. Michael. . . . j
Chas. Nelson < ; .Golof nln Bay direct ....
Valencia. . ...... Nome ..". |
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Ports
May 29
May 29
May 80
June 1
June 1
June • 1
June '3
June 4
June 4
June 5
June 6
June 5
June 0
June S
June 7
June 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 28.
Brooklyn.. Point Arena
Ratnltr Seattle & Whatcom.
Phncnlx Mendodno City ...
Mnndalay.. Coqullle River "
Arctic Humboidt
Coronado. . Grays Harbor"
CUT Para.. Panama & Way...
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.
Mar 20.
G Undauei Grays Harbor .'."..'.
G Dollar.. Grays Harbor ....'.
Area t a Coos Bay«& Pt Orfd
Kureka : . . . . Humboidt ..': '
State Cat.. San Diego •& Way...
Slay. 3O. - |
Coos Bay. . 3an Pedro & Way. .
May 31.
Argo Eel River Ports....
Alliance... Portland & Way...
Sequel* Grays Harbor
Pt. Arena . . Point Arena
North Fork Humboidt
Alamed*-.. .. Honolulu
Queen....* Puget Sound Ports.
Jnne 1.
Pomona.... Humboidt
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way..
Jnne 2.
S.Monica.. Humboidt
Columbia. . Astoria & ! Portland
- June 3.
Bonita..... Newport &-Way...
Chebalis..'. Grays Harbor
St Paul... Nome & 8t. Michael
June 6.
Umatilla . . . Puget Sound Ports .
Jnne O.
Amer. Man China & Japan ....
Serapls.... Hambg & Way Pts.
Jnne T.
Palena. .... Valparaiso & Way.
Curacao... Mexican Ports
June 9.
Australia. . Tahiti direct
City Sydnej Panama & Way Pts.;
4 pm
5 pm
3 pm
6 pm
112 m
S pm
12 m
11 am
5 pm
.4 cm
3 pm
9 am
S am
| 9 am
.4 pm
.1
.4 pm
2pm
-9 am
2 pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier IS
Pier-. 2
Pier 2
Pier ' 2
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier . 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier, 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 0
1:30 p
9 am
»
10 am
11 am
Pier 0
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier 24
9 'am
4 pm
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier —
11 am
Pier 0
1 pm
PMSS
Pier —
1 12 . m
10 am
Pier 10
Pier 11
10 am
[12 m
Pier 7
PMSS
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
Crescent City Crescent City
Albion River. Albion.
North Fork.. Humboldt .
Hathor Hamburg & Way Ports.
TitarJa Nanaimo
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor .......
S. Barbara. . . Seattle ....•.........;....
M. Dollar.... Redondo .*....
Lakme San Pedro ..............
Point Arena. . Point Arena : '.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports
Alliance Portland & Way Ports
Pomona Humboldt
Pleiades Seattle
City Sydney. . Panama & Way Ports!
Amer. Maru . . China ' & Japan
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria ...
Argo Eel River . Ports.
Chehalls Grays Harbor ....:...
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports.
San Pedro Grays Harbor ...'.....
Eureka Humboldt
Mackinaw... Tacoma
American.... New York
Acme Siuslaw River '.
Australia Tahiti ..."
Un?atilla Pujcet Sound Ports ....
Serapls Seattle
Sierra 8ydney & Way Ports. .
State of Cai.. San Vlego & Way Ports.
Palena. ...... Valparaiso & Way. Ports
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports
Peking- China & Japan ;.
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria ..."
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports:'.
Argyll New .York via Panama.
May 28
May 28
May 28
May, 28
May 28
May 28
May 28
May 29
May 29
May 29
May 29
May 29
May 80
May 30
May -30
May 30
May an
May SO
May 31
May 31
May 31
June 1
June - 1
June -1
June 1
June 1
June ' 1
June X
June ''2
June - 2
June 3
June -i
June 4
Juns 4
June C
June 7
June 8
0 Time Time - Time
f Ft. yt.
<? H W ¦ t, W ': * : H W
28 2:09 ; 4.2 9:21 0.8(4:66
20 3:15 3.9 10:11 ¦<• 1.1 5>35
30 4:40 3.7 11-OS 1:4 5:15
- L W H W ; LW
31 ! 0:30 2.S 6:13-3.7 12:03
1 1:20 7.7 7:33 , 3.» 12:Mi
2: 2:08 . 1.0 8:50 ,. 4.0 1:46
¦Z 2:59 ai 0:5B 4.2 2:3«
4 3:50—0.6 10:531 4.4 3:25
Ft v
. 4.7
-4.0
5.0
Time • '-
— n.
10:20 '8.2
11:20 2.8
h'w'""
6:51 B.I
7:31 5.3
8:11 ;5.<J
8:52 .' 5.8
9:38 0.0
1 1.8
2.1
: 2.3
2.5
2.6
0 Time Time - Time
f Ft. yt.
<? H W ¦ t, W ': * : H W
28 2:09 ; 4.2 9:21 0.8(4:66
20 3:15 3.9 10:11 ¦<• 1.1 5>35
30 4:40 3.7 11-OS 1:4 5:15
- L W H W ; LW
31 ! 0:30 2.S 6:13-3.7 12:03
1 1:20 7.7 7:33 , 3.» 12:Mi
2: 2:08 . 1.0 8:50 ,. 4.0 1:46
¦Z 2:59 ai 0:5B 4.2 2:3«
4 3:50—0.6 10:531 4.4 3:25
Ft v
. 4.7
-4.0
5.0
Time • '-
— n.
10:20 '8.2
11:20 2.8
h'w'""
6:51 B.I
7:31 5.3
8:11 ;5.<J
8:52 .' 5.8
9:38 0.0
1 1.8
2.1
: 2.3
2.5
2.6
Steamer.
For.
Satin.
Centennial... Nome' direct '...."..'.....
Dolphin...:.:. Skagway & Way Ports.
Cottage City. Skagway. & Way. Ports.
Senator....... Nome
Garrone;.'.,.. Nome & St. Michael
Roanoke..!.. Nome tc St. Michael....
Ohio......... Nome & St. Michael
C. of Seattle. Skagway & : Way Ports.
C. of Topeka. Skagway &. Way Ports.
Farallon...*. Skagway &,Way Ports.
Oregon Nome
Chico...V. ...,Hope City & Way Pts.J
Lvra. . . ...... . Nome ' & St. Michael. . . . j
Chas. Nelson < ; .Golof nln Bay direct ....
Valencia. . ...... Nome ..". |
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Ports
May 29
May 29
May 80
June 1
June 1
June • 1
June '3
June 4
June 4
June 5
June 6
June 5
June 0
June S
June 7
June 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 28.
Brooklyn.. Point Arena
Ratnltr Seattle & Whatcom.
Phncnlx Mendodno City ...
Mnndalay.. Coqullle River "
Arctic Humboidt
Coronado. . Grays Harbor"
CUT Para.. Panama & Way...
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.
Mar 20.
G Undauei Grays Harbor .'."..'.
G Dollar.. Grays Harbor ....'.
Area t a Coos Bay«& Pt Orfd
Kureka : . . . . Humboidt ..': '
State Cat.. San Diego •& Way...
Slay. 3O. - |
Coos Bay. . 3an Pedro & Way. .
May 31.
Argo Eel River Ports....
Alliance... Portland & Way...
Sequel* Grays Harbor
Pt. Arena . . Point Arena
North Fork Humboidt
Alamed*-.. .. Honolulu
Queen....* Puget Sound Ports.
Jnne 1.
Pomona.... Humboidt
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way..
Jnne 2.
S.Monica.. Humboidt
Columbia. . Astoria & ! Portland
- June 3.
Bonita..... Newport &-Way...
Chebalis..'. Grays Harbor
St Paul... Nome & 8t. Michael
June 6.
Umatilla . . . Puget Sound Ports .
Jnne O.
Amer. Man China & Japan ....
Serapls.... Hambg & Way Pts.
Jnne T.
Palena. .... Valparaiso & Way.
Curacao... Mexican Ports
June 9.
Australia. . Tahiti direct
City Sydnej Panama & Way Pts.;
4 pm
5 pm
3 pm
6 pm
112 m
S pm
12 m
11 am
5 pm
.4 cm
3 pm
9 am
S am
| 9 am
.4 pm
.1
.4 pm
2pm
-9 am
2 pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier IS
Pier-. 2
Pier 2
Pier ' 2
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier . 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier, 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 0
1:30 p
9 am
»
10 am
11 am
Pier 0
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier 24
9 'am
4 pm
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier —
11 am
Pier 0
1 pm
PMSS
Pier —
1 12 . m
10 am
Pier 10
Pier 11
10 am
[12 m
Pier 7
PMSS
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
Crescent City Crescent City
Albion River. Albion.
North Fork.. Humboldt .
Hathor Hamburg & Way Ports.
TitarJa Nanaimo
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor .......
S. Barbara. . . Seattle ....•.........;....
M. Dollar.... Redondo .*....
Lakme San Pedro ..............
Point Arena. . Point Arena : '.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports
Alliance Portland & Way Ports
Pomona Humboldt
Pleiades Seattle
City Sydney. . Panama & Way Ports!
Amer. Maru . . China ' & Japan
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria ...
Argo Eel River . Ports.
Chehalls Grays Harbor ....:...
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports.
San Pedro Grays Harbor ...'.....
Eureka Humboldt
Mackinaw... Tacoma
American.... New York
Acme Siuslaw River '.
Australia Tahiti ..."
Un?atilla Pujcet Sound Ports ....
Serapls Seattle
Sierra 8ydney & Way Ports. .
State of Cai.. San Vlego & Way Ports.
Palena. ...... Valparaiso & Way. Ports
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports
Peking- China & Japan ;.
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria ..."
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports:'.
Argyll New .York via Panama.
May 28
May 28
May 28
May, 28
May 28
May 28
May 28
May 29
May 29
May 29
May 29
May 29
May 80
May 30
May -30
May 30
May an
May SO
May 31
May 31
May 31
June 1
June - 1
June -1
June 1
June 1
June ' 1
June X
June ''2
June - 2
June 3
June -i
June 4
Juns 4
June C
June 7
June 8
S1U8 TEUM WILL, BVGUi AUGUST 18.
*-' ¦ •¦ 1 "'i''V-" ¦ _ __ _¦'¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ •'¦ '¦.'¦'• - - • "©
[I : —r: TO CALL SUBSGRIBERS ONLY. ,.f*~* |
» o©o©oo©oooooeoooo*(sodoo©©®o©9©oo9ecoo©coo©oco g
[ Every person contracting to take The Call for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET O7
I "OUR ISLANDS AND TflEIR PEOPLE" 1
I Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. . lixpressago at subscriber's expeas*. a
> Cannot be , bought else-wh ere for less than the regular subscription price of 915. #^
I AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO .EVEBY LIBKAK.Y! ©
j AN ORNAMENT TO ANY DRAWING ROOM! J
> *- : '.y . A SOTJB.CE OF INSTBUCTION AND ENTEBTATN1IENT for old and young, yielding the de- #
> lights of travel without its inconveniences. - ~ 2
I THE GALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. I
\ AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. |
» ¦'-.'-.• INTRODUCED BY -*?"' .' ' >1^_ •• J
( MAJOR=QENERAL J05EPH WHEELER, §
> , - UNITED STATES ARMY. , -^- - f "' , r ~ J ¦ %
V ; With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by .g
I .'•'¦" J" O ' »3-B\''p;Bv^O^I^^^'-B:S S
\"' - The Noted Author arid >4Var Correspondent; - '. "•
>' Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian •"
I EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS -OF THE 8
& PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING 'HAWAII •
>' AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- •-
I P; ' TIONS, HOMES .OF THE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL- AP- r . " g
I • " - PEARANCE, 'WITH • MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF..' LANDSCAPES/, v H
I RIVERS; VALLEYS, HILLS AND" MOUNTAINS^. SO COM-^ > : X
I PLETE AS , TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE- ISL--" 2,
S • • ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TOvTHE-- • 5
I - .. • •; PICTURED PAGE. vy . ,.-• o
I With a special consideration of the conditions that _ prevailed before the declaratioh.> of war, by. Senators Proctor, 2
I Thurston, Money." and numerous prominent writers and correspondents/ and -. a -comparison with conditions ai q
f ¦ they: now; exist. •¦ . • *~yjz^j;;''j^, . ¦ %m',.v' • - ¦': • ©''
I Author of "Footprints of the World's History." "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's /War for Hu- S
» / PHOTOGRAPHS BY ' ©'
I V WALTER B. TO^SEND, FRED. W. TOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. t
' ¦ '. ' ... .¦''¦''- 7 . * .. '•--*. ' • - - ¦'¦'', \ *. ' ' »- j. • v *_ v ¦ ¦ ¦ ' r . l v v**,* . JT ;'
> COMPLETE IN .TWO QUARTO VOLUMES; •;
\ •; r REGULAR PRICE, $15.00 PER SET: SPECIAL TO CALL.READERS' $3.20 PER SET. g-
illustrated' with morey.than Twelve f Huhdre"^ Special Photographs/ Colortypes and .new Colored Maps. ©
!' CTN. B.— Only subscribers 'to Daily Call, are entitled to these books at premium rate. All mail orders @
y, must be", accompanied by, $3-20,' land books will be shipped by express,. the. cost of transportation to be paid*. by © v
at destination.' . . -. ' 'ft
A^.a«.^^ aaA .a a « AftA a a «» AaAO a« Aa e )# « ## . #ae «««««»9«sa9^^e^ a^
;: r,THE -EMPORIUM. ' V -| ,THE EMPOBflTM. : ; j TSE SMPOBnTM. | THE EMPORIUM. .
I Thi (Butter Sale Saturday, This Week. 1
5 Our new parlors v lor; Manicuring '.niid x — mr • ->->^ -: - Everybody is delighted with our HIus" S
S^ Hairdressininreluxvriovs and per- ' SSl' iT/T a tratetJ Song Recilals. Crowded a< 2
«fc>i;to^H^rap>btocnt^^ , SJ^ '*.- / l rikgi each performance. The two tf-cat .S
S S6i^(» is lirsj-class; prices inodcr- 0 i iHfa* ***> Uz" and «Just Plain 'S
J. ate Second iloor, back o! elevators FoII «" *** b=in 2 every hour -J
I on West side; . M m Zm» gL r-r- from 10 a. m. unta 5 p. m. daily. %
$ - :-•- "' '¦•.•" -°-'- •¦•¦¦ - CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST?- Admission Free X
i 25o Ribbons f 4c. — — 1
I A ,[ Wednesday; Sale. " ' "^^ _ ' , ,.. . . ; : : . Special Offerings for $
5 ¦' iobo'yards of/4^-inch Novelty Weave "Fancy ' ! - ' ! ' ~ ' ¦ DsCOJ*3fi0i3 Day. 5
|^3SfeSi^1^ tewma " # Safe Colored Dress B W^r» MTj I
JJ^^?5^Ai?ffl^-i*Se:;wlue; ? ,-;^- .-, eommencmg-this morning, and until closing time -Thursday, night, we will. boa ««£ Which « te readily V / «
jf^Weto^y.M^^.'-^.v^g.^fyC^ -.g' offer our largeaccumulation of Colored Dress Goods Remnants— stylish A!- throstb the ground, holdbgthe \f '.'S
J . •'•'.-¦¦ ¦'.-¦¦, - '.' — '— — r— •"-. '."/¦ ,-V ; -; •,;'. A "b'atross, Henriettas, Batistes, Etamines, Poplins, Cheviots, Cloths, etc., in vase "» «p-ight pwition; ab»o- V "5
S^^^^-^i^^y^^. fff^feft? s P^^^ion of one-quarter off. •. • , Ik'Z3T1 v '- f
Jf ' : ""¦• pieces of our ia^c yard Percales, in styles -.,...¦..¦ . — -, . ¦ ¦ only, each ... . . v5C VL
* >l«s thin their mil cost, yard". i^VG. ; V.'j' Pretty atttl Seasonable LaCQS, take topicnfaj our special price b so very low jj
•f ; :. — '..'"..".. .'..' ' " .'" '".' - 1 "'-'" .We shall offer at special »le on our -counten in the main aisle more than 8oo dozen yards of t^ ut they can be thrown away when used. Jf
U : ¦'" M-'<^M0»^i^t^€»'B^'^W' : ' V rPointdeParls ' Normaad yi Val ehciennes and Torchon Laces and - Insertions; this lot consists ?We!l made Splint Baskets, size oj£x .— " •*
jf. ./ M% %9p9SK!K«at va* G \O¥y . ; ; - entirely, of pretty wash laces in an .immense variety of new and pleasing patterns for trimming * 7*SX "»ches, Wednesday only, each YC 5
%, Hail* Oi*hSntSnfS. •.:«ummer dresses and underwear'; they range in width from I to 4^ inches, and if we had - 'V'"*
5 _, „ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ • ¦; •••¦.¦• ,.•¦•, ¦ .bought them b the regular way; would have to be sold at 8V<c, 10c and iz'Ac per -_ '_» . - _.. X
i^^^^r'^l^SS: :^ar^ a *' ! '»!.*Hi..^.i'.:.., . ¦* . r . Sc Men's Hosiery at , J
If.-, and a large assortment of the latest patterns ¦;..'¦ ¦'- ¦ ¦¦ . ¦ ¦-.: ¦¦:.. ~~ " ' '. '¦ ~" : — — . __ Half J*#*/|J©» " M
|K|^^^^e|^ UqUOr Safe' OnO Of the BeSt Men's Import Fancy Hosiery, , good {
*Myr<*™^ o^icom^ctof^^
5 ':•-¦'.- .-:. ¦¦'; ¦¦¦¦:, '-' .-genuine; Wednesday, bottle. . . $1.25 ' - . / "' . . factored to sell at z S c per pair; 1O o dozen on £
S -• '- 4H-* nnCB*B~4 #•« Champagne— All brands of imported; Wedncs- »n« American r ""» special sale .Wednesday, % pairs .. ¦¦_ «
I 91 mUO ShlrtS JS9G.- " -day only; pints . , .;;. -. .. . ¦¦. St. 38 Food Cook Book If /^ !N I ...!.... . 25C X
J Wednesday only^mcn's^ -good quality Percale Muscatel or Tokay; and Household , @®B& ' ¦ ¦ ¦ , 5
*f'^ Shirts^ with stlffvboioms,, opUftnlate' 'i^^^grade; Regularly; a gallon; Economljt _ An np . • = -. - MTM^Mmmm G~»ff~ " 3
Jf. patterns, cuff." to match, large assortment to 'rh^^^^.J^V; vf/-°* to-date Cook Book R M !<®> F BOW* &2J}§Q a X
| ; , choose from; b r^^oo ; .,; fffac i£|S^^^ containing over 5 oo fe^' FOrWcdnCSdayOnly 5
f '- r ,' V . : ;>^f Hi^oot Beer-Carbonated; Wedn^ P^ ¦££££ W^^ Sp-T*. Drifted Snow or Go,den^t= Flou£ Jf
I ? .-^ » >. Y Ginrer Xte-Taylo>, 'a We Wmmer floth binding^ puH P. PU«f« J^ -ks;.on special sale Wednesday only X
f^^^Blfti^fc^ I1I§P k» .s^ftis^iSi
*¦': in 4ni»2C%** • Wednesday, bottle ........ 65c only. . . . 4^SC Sl!_— » rery dainty cake for ice cream, etc. ; regu^ *
M.< , .IV IV" ••'Ct ; . .; ., ;— r — — — — — . : --.,;-¦• _r larly 35c package; on special sals Wednesday
J :¦.¦¦.¦;¦• <BV the- box 5? $1.25. ;¦..,;¦ ; I^^mq^Wv 9alA nf : = only and a very great bargab at _ X
«? - — ' ¦¦-¦* nursuay&aie or Thurstlav Salt* of theprke. . . ..... . . . 2Oc x
* James Lick SuachtelSauares. - ryjr «•«•«? «** BGSt Bacon —^^ Su *
||j Wo Straight r4^^^^^L Lathes' Hdkfs. oS^T'cSi^&SJ-l
$ CittarS JaCC ' * nd °P enwork sq^es suitable for About 300 dozen union linsn fancy hemstitched Wednesday, lb 12o £
*¦¦¦ jm **jL Orr— . tid le s,uble covers, etc., sizes from 18 to * 7 Handkerchiefi and sheer lawn lace trimmed Olive Oil — Best Italian; half-gallon rns- «
K :. * *r WUr' Cad . . ; . V ™<&<* «quare— in a large variety of patterns Handkerchiefs will be offered on the sales Wednesday */ QQ X
* : Special all this week at these prices. . .; — at a fraction of their real value. Wait for ubles in mab aisle, Thursday only, at about Seeded Raisins— i-lb. packages . tn o X
g. 6 -— • ; — —Q .this greatjhursday gale. . half regular prices. Washing Soda— Wednesday, 23 lbs . ' 25o *
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
NobiKty
Recommends
Neryine.
The above portrait ip that of
Countess Mogelstud, of Chica-
go, III., whose gratitude for the
benefit received from the use of
Dr. Miles' Nervine prompted
her to make this statement:
"It affords me great pleasure to add
mjr testimony to the very excellent
merits of Dr. Miles' Nervine. Although
I am past So years of age I find it
soothes the tired brain, quiets the irri- -
lated nerves and insures restful sleep.
I never feel contented without a bottle j
of it in the house." Gratefully yours,
Christiana Maria,'
•-'-'¦ Countess Mogelstud.
Miles- Nervine
is a nerve tonic and strengr.hr
builder that starts right in re-
storing health immediately.
Sold by all Druggists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
lilTGHCOCK MILITARY. ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.' Senator ' Morgan is still shouting . for Nicaragua or
nothing, and has evidently made up his mind to :die
in that .ditch' or not die at al' ' - : V
Cuba nas started with a non-partisan cabinet, and
accordingly we may expect *-*norts of a ruction in
the Government any day.
Possibly it will not surprise the people of California
to learn that there are more fraudulent rascals at San
Quentin than appear on the record.
A local rascal caught withV'knockout" drops in his
possession s'ays he had the poison for medicinal pur
poses. . It; might . not be a bad r proposition to force
a dose of his own ; medicine down his throat.
The delegation of distinguished Frenchmen who
have corneas the guexts of the republic to attend the
unveiling of the statue to Rochambeau has been well
received, but there has been no splutter over them as
there was over Prince Henry. .
; The writers \ of farce comedy, versatile, eager for
subjects and situations, .seem to. have overlooked- a
field which -fairly bristles ; with opportunities for. fun]
The farce writers . might turn with immense profit
to, the Central American republics and their revolu
tions. . , 1. .;¦¦¦:' / :,... . . ..- - r v
\ Mrs.'. Bloom-^Blesa you, my dear,' I was
not s r away.': any where. .What made you
think so?.- .%:¦;,¦.-•
-,\ The. Dear Child— I thought -you' were:'. I
heard my; mamma say that: you .were at
Loggerheads with | your husband for over
a week.— Tit-Bits. ¦¦. v. ¦ -. " . - .
. r The Dear Child— Oh, Mrs. Bloom, when
did you get back?'. /',-- j. .--.;.-. -¦:¦
"I , want to know !) I.' didn't s'pose 'twas
much of anything but jest homesickness.'.'
—Cleveland. Plain .Dealer. .'.
-, "Martha •' Johnson - was' over to-day • an'
she said. that Jane i-'said' It was nostalgia."
"What's ;the- matter. wfth Jane Prime's
boy— the one that ,weht ' out to the Philly
pins?". • . . : '. v ¦.-;•-:¦¦>¦ •
"I don't know. 'Is name," gasped the boy
who was trying vainly to crowd past the
portly passenger In^the door. of v the car,
"but he's . cle main squeeze.' all right."—
Chicago Tribune, ¦/.•. .. . ' ' ;.' ., ;* "*:.:.-¦ 7 ;
"Who Is de big guy?" asked the newsboy
on the rear, platform. . ' ' ' ' . . — ;
X CBLAiNCE TO SMXLE.
' Oakland authorities are so afraid of their jail, that
they are fearful that the flimsy structure may ' /col
lapse and kill some of the inmates. ' The ominous
contingency that some of the prisoners might escape
to ply their 'trade seems not to have occurred to the
powers that be. .
, NEW YORK, , May ;-27.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived:' San Francis
co—Q. H. Hilbert, at ' the Holland ; % 3E)
Miles, at the Sturtevant; ; D.' Stoney, at
the' Manhattan ;• W.- Jaenlcke, at the Sin
clair; R." Johnson,- atV the Imperial;- C.
A. Moore, at the Bartholdi; H.-Pelz, at
the Herald Square ; j fi.. B. Rogers, at the
Plaza. : ;-V' : ¦ ¦'¦"".'•¦ :¦'..';•¦•¦; "'.1-. ; •
'Oakland— L. Tasketfa, at the Astor. .
Calif ornians in New York.
It is said that the" German Emperor intends to send
the Crown Prince ona visit to 'us. If this thing
keeps up much ; longer we will begin to ) wonder
whether our European friends look upon us as freaks
or just plain everyday good-natured ;a'nd, entertain
ing'human ;'beings. Curiosity 'sometimes' leads peo
ple a long way. ,...
An educational test sets a standard by which'' we
can exclude the horde of immigrants coming from
regions where the people are so illiterate they are un
fit to become American citizens, while it leaves the
way free for people from the great enlightened races
where schools are common: and the mass of people
Setting aside all the extravagances of statement,
the argument remains weak; and futile. It is well,
known that many, educated men are rascals, but that
fact does not prevent an educational test from being
one of the best possible protections against undesir
able' immigration. Other tests 0/ course should be
united withjt,- but it fills a place in the exclusion
programme that no other restriction can do so well.'
That any one of the anarchist assassins or that
most anarchists could take chairs in "our universities
is of course too absurd a statement to.be worth re
futing. General Grosvenor- is a man .of light and
leading in the nation and has a reputation to' lose,
which he will surely do if/he make many more such
assertions as that. It is to be noted only as an evidence
that when an orator gets excited on the floor of the
House he will say anything.
One of the leading opponents of 1 the test was Gen
eral Grosvenor, who argued that it .would not ex
clude anarchists. He is quoted in the dispatches as
having said that Luccheni, who 'assassinated the Em
press of Austria, spoke three languages; that Bressi,
who killed King Humbert, was educated;, that the
assassin of President McKinley was an American
and the product of. American schools; that Guiteau
and Booth were men of education. "They, could all
have coine in under the educational test," said Gen
eral , Grosvenor. . "Most of them could have taken
chairs as professors in our universities. You would
keep out the honest but ignorant man, ; but you would
let in the educated criminals xvhp ', come to plot
against the institutions of our country." '.' .
DURING the debate in the House on the pro
posal to insert an educational test in the im
migration restriction bill a good deal of
opposition to the plan was developed: The argu
ments -of the opposition were to the effect that a
great many good people cannot write nor read,
while a great many bad people can do both, and con
sequently it would be an act of injustice and of folly
en the part of the- United States to demand that all
intending immigrants shall be able to read their own
language. . .
THE EDUCATIONAL TEST.
Visitors to Madrid during the coronation festivi
ties say the finest part of the fiesta was the proces
sion representing the triumph of agriculture, and if
the Spaniards will make their farm work equal to
the spectacular display they will find it will yield
them more than all the colonies they lost in the late
war.
H. R. Dering," assistant, general passen
ger agent of the Pennsylvania, lines, and
C. W. Forrester,' Western superintendent
of the Star Union line, qre among the ar
rivals at the Palace. \ - \ ..
General Manager. A. G. Wells and Pas
senger. T.rafflc_Manager J." J. Byrne, both
of the Santa Fe,'. with headquarters at
Los Angeles, are registered at the 'Palace.
¦ .P. C." Dresch'er,'. a prominent business
man of ..Sacramento,, is here on ;a 'short
business trip. ¦¦ He has made his .head
quarters afthe California. • :
Frank B. Miller,; chief miller of the
Sperry Flour Mills at Stockton, is at the
Russ House, accompanied by his wife.'.
"Judge Frank ' H. Short, a. well-known
attorney of Fresno, is in the city- on legal
matters. He is at the Palace. ,
P. Dueber, a. Seattle merchant, la here
on a short business trip. 'He is v . 'regis
tered at the'Grand. ' . ' -r
C. L. F. Duhaln; hianager of the Japan
Daily Advertiser, published at Yokohama,
is at the Occidental. : , '¦'¦'.'¦ ,
. L. »T. Hatfleld, ai well-known attorney
of Sacramento, Is among the arrivals at
the Occidental. :
'.Dr. J. A.- Balnbridge of Lathrop 1st a
guest at the Grand. He is accompanied
by his wife. ¦; ; v . '
A. W. Simpson, a. well-known lumber
merchant of Stockton, Is a guest at the
Occidental. '; ". '.:¦.
E. Carney, a railroad contractor, whose
headquarters, is at Santa Barbara,' Is at
the Grand. ; : . • .
E.. S.' Barney, a -mining man, y ; with
claims in Amador County, is at the Pal-
S. W. ', Wilc&X," a wealthy sugar planter
of Honolulu, is a guest at. the Occidental.
. F. Kbhler, a Sacramento merchant, is
at" the Occidental. • . V
Li E. Doan, a <¦ prominent- -attorney of
Baker afield, is In town. • :
H. J. Llewelling, a - fruit grower ' of St:
Helena, Is at the Lick. • , . -.
John A. Mclntire, a mining man of Sac
ramento, Is at the Lick. ¦,"
F. E. Dowd, an extensive fruit grower
of- Santa Rosa, is a guest at the Lick. - -
T. J. Field, -Mayor of Monterey, is at
the Palace.' '".' • • . .'""_\. '"'.;• ¦* *'
• Charles Webb, a miner of French, Gulch,
is at the Lick: . -•> .:'.-.
Notwithstanding the improbability, of any notice
being taken of the point raised by the diplomatic ex
perts, it is said the act of the President is unques
tionably one of. great significance. It demonstrates
beyond a doubt the supremacy of the United States
in this hemisphere and the interest taken .by our Gov
ernment and our people in air that, concerns the peo
ple of any part of' the hemisphere; One diplomat is
quoted as saying that if we can of our, own motion
without the consent of a foreign" Government send
relief to an island controlled by that Government
when the people are afflicted by a calamity of nature,
we could also' send relief should the 'people be op
pressed'by the Government itself, 'as we did in Cuba.'
That seems like a far-fetched argument, but there
may be reason in it. At any rate it sounds a good
deal like the Monroe doctrine of the future.
REPORTS from - Washington are .to the
effect .that, "some of the diplomatists at'
the capital are engaged in' discussing tlie'
international aspects - of the relief supplies for
warded by. the United , States Government to
Martinique and St. Vincent. It is ' stated that
immediately upon getting authentic information con
cerning the calamity, the President ordered relief to
be dispatched to the two islands without waiting to
communicate his intentions to either the British or
the French Government. In short, the President is
said to have acted as if.it were an American issue
strictly, giving- no attention whatever to the fdreign
elements in the case. .
The discussion of course is purely academic. It. is
not at all likely that either Great Britain or France
will make any protest against the action of the Pres
ident. On the contrary, each of .them will most cor
dially thank him 'for it. An invasion that' carries
prompt help to a stricken people is not subject to' the
ordinary rules of diplomacy. It is greeted with grati
tude by those to whom it brings relief and with ad
miration by the humane in every part of the world.
DIPLOMACY AND * RJBLIeS^ORE^
"answers to::queriesF :
. SUNDAY SCHOOL TIMES— A Reader.
Woodland, Cal.' The .- Sunday . School
Times Is published in Philadelphia.
HALF CENT-W..B. M.. Standlsh. Cal.
A half cent . of 1S09 does not command a
premium from dealers or coin collectors.
LONDON TIMES— J. R. K., City. The
address. of the'Londorf Times is: Print
ing House Square, E. C., London, Eng
land.
HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
— W. B. Nlcolaus,' Cal. The Rev. Henry
M. Scudder was the pastor of the How
ard Presbyterian Church in 1868.
BE ALE STREET FIRE— A.. F.', City.
The destruction of the Beale street ware
houses ' by fire during the anti-Chinese
riots in San Francisco was on the 25th
of July, ISil. ,- ¦ ¦ ¦
VOCABULARY— H. E. M./ Clark, Nev.
If a man desires to enlarge his English
vocabulary he will find much to assist
him4n that direction by studying "Roget's
Thesaurus," a treasury of English words.
The surface of Yellowstone Lake. In tho
Yellowstone National Park, Is 7000 feet
higher than the top of the Soldiers' Monu
ment In this city. It is the second largest
body of navigable. water in the -world: at
so great an elevation.-.-^r>v ¦ : --^¦_--
The savins of a few cents on a bottle of Va
nilla - Extract will not atone • for annoyance of
having - dessert "Just a little off" in flavor.
Always buy Burnett's, -the standard quality.
The Northern Pacific Railway is ths best.
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewlston
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon road*
to either "Warrens or Dixie. . from" which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELET
O. A.. 647 Market it, S. F. :-.-¦• •.*
PP Going to Thunder Mountain : PR
Rock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every ' "Wednesday and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Kail
ways, and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock' Island Railways, for Omaha. - Kansas
City, Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones. General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market et. •
SPECIALIST— N. t City. The following
is the definition^of specialist in its broad
est sense:' "A. person who devotes him
self to a particular branch of a profes
sion or art; one who has a special knowl
edge of some particular subject."
TWINS-S., Prattsville, Cal. This de
partment does not know of any-"stand
ing offer of a reward or present for twins,
a boy and girl, born on the anniversary of
the birth of George "Washington." May
be some of the readers 'of this depart
ment do. ....•¦
APPRENTTCE-K:, Hydesville, Cai. A
boy who desires to become a machinist's
apprentice must make application in some
machine shop, and If there is a vacancy
and he shows aptitude, he will be taken
on. This department cannot recommend
any particular shop.
MANUFACTURERS— B. H. J., Oak
land, Cal. There is In the Free Public
Library of San Francisco a Manufactur
ers' Directory for the United States
which you can consult, to learn the ad
dresses of manufacturers of wrapping pa
per and paper bags In the United States.
CO-EDUCATION- J.. Irvington, CaL
In the libraries in either Oakland or San
Francisco you will find a number of arti
cles in the magazines on co-education
which will give you ideas for a debate on
that subject. You can find such articles
by consulting Poole's index and the index
of cumulative literature.
B 'PERSONAL^ ME NTlONl
J. Pierpont Morgan has been talking business
again. with President Roosevelt. "This appears to be
one of the cases where we cannot commend the ac-1
tion-of a man for attending strictly to his own busi
ness. The. business of Mri Morgan is essentially and
dangerously, the business of everybody else.- V >
: In view of the nuisance of baggage men
Juggling luggage about on train platforms
under the present system,, the introduc
tion of a similar, device here would prob
ably b'e hailed ¦ 1 vflth : Joy *by the greatest
traveling public In the world- -- . . =
possible to steer the vehicle to any part
of- the station. The manipulator rides in
the car, in a seat slung above the bag
gage, from which he directs the course of
the odd contrivance which takes the place
of the heavy trucks used in our large
stations.
The car has a capacity of fifteen hun
dred pounds. '¦"
The tracks upon which the. carriers. are
slung are charged; with electricity, . exactly
like a trolley-wire of a.' surface railroad.
Numerous switches and turnouts make it
The . system . /was introduced at the
famous Victoria Station, In Manchester,
England, and 'has- been inspected with
some admiration by practical . railroad
men from all parts of tbe earth. • .'"
AN aerial "baggage smasher" has
superseded the old time handler of
trunks, and trunks, parcels and
miscellaneous baggage-, are now
whisked - overhead „ and shot hither
and yori without touching the floor.
When it is recalled that the three men constituting
a majority of the commission are to have not. only
this high power over the public and the corpora
tions but are also to have unlimited power to make
appointments of clerks and employes in every county
and every municipality of the State, it will be seen
that if such a commission is to be established at all
it should be composed of the worthiest men of the
State. And yet the scheme of Gage and the bosses is
to put all that power into the hands of men who will
almost certainly be chosen' from the ranks of the job
hunters and tax shirkers who make up the following
and the support of the political machine of the
Southern Pacific Raihoad. -
A significant sentence of the amendment declares-.
"The commission shall, from and after said appoint
ment of members, have exclusive jurisdiction and
power." That means that, three men will have a
power over the great corporations and their rela
tions to the public which can be curtailed neither by
the courts nor by the Legislature.
It will be perceived that the amendment makes the
commission a sort of mountebank board having
authority to wander up and down the State holding
a session wherever it chooses. No citizen fortunate
enough to have money invested in the stock of any
corporation over which the commission has jurisdic
tion is eligible to become a member of it. On the
other hand, there is nothing to prevent some giant
corporation procuring the appointment of three of its
henchmen to the commission for the long terms of
six, eight and ten years, thus obtaining unlimited
power to discriminate against all rivals and even
tually get control of all -public" utilities.
It is to be borne in mind that the commission is to
supervise and regulate railroads,- transportation com
panies, common carriers, banks, insurance compa
nies, water, gas, electric light and power companies,
telephone, telegraph, sleeping car and express com
panies. The exclusion clause therefore debars from
the office any person who is in any way either di
rectly or indirectly interested in any one of those cor
porations. From what class of men would Gage be
likely to draw his appointees to the commission un
der that clause, should the amendment be carried?
commission provided by the scheme. The restric
tions constitute something approaching the virtual
exclusion .of almost every property-owner in the
State from a seat on the commission. They reveal
an evident intention on the part of the schemers to
make the office attainable only to political job
hunters or to men who are willing to perjure them
selves for the sake of holding it.
The clause in question says: "The commission
shall be deemed in continuous session, but may. sit
at any place or places in the State and at any time
as it may determine necessary in the conduct of its
business. The Commissioners shall be qualified
electors of the State and of the district from which
they are elected or appointed, and shall not be inter
ested directly or indirectly as stockholder, or cred
itor, agent, attorney, or employe, or otherwise in
any of the corporations, companies, or business over
which they have chaige, as herein provided; and
the act of the majority of the Commissioners shall
be deemed to be and shall be the act of the commis
sion."
ONE of the salient features of the scheme of
the corporation bosses embodied in Assem
bly amendment No. 28 is the restriction put
upon the eligibility of citizens to hold office in the
A MOUNTEBANK COMMISSION.
The matter will be discussed in Congress, and it
will be the first time in the world's history that
great parliament has debated such a question. We
may expect that the literature of volcanoes and the
great convulsions of nature will' be much enriched.
It will be an interesting result if all the. horror at
St. Pierre shall after all .save from destruction one of
the greatest works of man for the benefit of all the
world by inducing such location of the canal as shall
protect it. . " *
As to, the possibility of the Nicaraguan volcanoes
resuming, activity no prediction can be made.
Science stands silent in. the, presence of that awful
force which bursts through the crust of' the earth and
destroys all on its surface. Only when the eruption
begins can anything be known about it, except that
what. has happened once will happen again. But the
period is uncertain. Science knows about the stars,
but not about volcanic recurrence. The ephemeris of
a planet and the orbit and return of a comet are cal
culable, but not the outburst of a volcano. .
- The Nicaragua route is within reach' of volcanoes
that have shown pernicious activity in -historic times,
and a close study of the country, , the direction of
lava flow and the likely course of a shower of ashes
and stones will be required- before that route can be
decided to be absolutely safe or unsafe. .-This sort of
examination was not heretofore' regarded as neces
sary, because the attention of 'men had not been
called to this phase of the matter. If it shall appear
that the route is unsafe, and x that no such danger
lurks on the Panama ' route,' that alternative" will
greatly facilitate the completion of the work/ '
THE. wisdom of President McKinley in securing
an alternative proposition to the - Nicaragua
canal by tentative "negotiation of the Panama
route is being vindicated. The Martinique volcano
has exhibited the risk of putting this great and costly
work within reach, of. possible volcanic action.
THE CANAL.
WEDNESDAY MAY 28, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Adftreis All ComattBieatioaj t« W. 8. LEASE, Mungcr.
... TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Tou With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third, S. P.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, IS Cents Per Week,
Slnsrle Copies. S Cents.
Terms hy Mall, Inclndlns I'ostngei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $G.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (incjudlngr Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
ST-NDAY CALL. On« Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year .....1.00
¦"
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers la ordering char.ge of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with tbelr request.
O AICL AJVD O FFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGKESS,
Kitiger FortlgB lire r thing. KarfUtU Building, Chicigt
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX... Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH bO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A* toria. Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Hurray Kill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., N. W.
MOIITO.V E. CRAM!, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 033
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkin, open until ¦
»:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, ©pen until 8 o'clock. 106 . Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
It .is said the completion of the dome on the Fed
eral building at Chicago is delayed because there are
but fourteen' men in the United States who can do
"steeple jack", work at such a- height, and all of them
are engaged: • Other workers - are occasionally
tempted by the high wages offered to: essay the task,
but they soon abandon it. "In fact, the work is. so
much higher sthan the pay that it will have to .wait
until one of 'the fearless fourteen'is' ready to under
take it.- : :'. ; '*'"¦' '.:'.;.'. :/...". "VS' : -.' : . .'.:
Mrs. Cralgrie has been recently rather
seriotisly unwell and unable to work. This
has happened at a particularly unfortu
nate time, as she is exceedingly- busy with
many literary and dramatic scenes. Hap
pily, the accomplished writer is now rap-
Idly convalescing. ¦ ¦' . .
•Anthony Hope has . finished another
novel, but it may not appear either ae-^
rlally or in book form for some llttla
time. Naturally, It "will be- published >i&
Ameiica at the eame time as here, when
Hope has decided that the time has. come.
¦* ? ¦
CaL glac fruit 60c per lb at Townaend* ». •
¦ « ? ¦ r^,-
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.^
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. .-•
Special Information supplied dally - to
business houses and public men by th«
Piess Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main- 1042. •
¦ • ¦ ; :
No fewer than 61 per cent of German
students are short-sighted, states Profes
sor Conn of Breslau. ; ¦•¦
I The book trade remains as dull as it
could possibly well be. Publishers are
thinking for the most part about sixpenny
editions of already successful books. .
There has been a good deal of curiosity
expressed as to the authorship of the
series of clever articles called "Musings
Without Method," which has been ap
pearing In Blackwood'S Magazine, ijor
will the identity of the writer .T>e Re
vealed In the volume of articles which
he is to issue in book form shortly. All
that the publishers will say is that he is
a 7oung- man and a well known figure in
the literary -world. ,\ L" ;1 : ' •" • i -'
Sir Martin Con way's. Recount, qf his aa,
cent of Aconcagua i9 not to be oublitihed
ufitll-the autumn. THeiame Intimation;
applies Vtd Lord Goschen's volume about
his grandfather, the. g*reat publisher of
Leipzig. .Indeed, a dozen more Important
books could be mentioned that are being
held over till the autumn season.
The .Duchess of 'Newcastle, who Is a
great authority on dogs, has accepted *a
book about them which Fisher UnwinJa
to publish for her. A book by C.
H. Lane, an equally good author
ity. Is ' to have' the title of "Cog
Show3 f and Doggy People," and
will contain descriptions of the principal
dog shows held during twenty years fol
lowing their Institution. Lane also gives
a series of sketches of people
who have been dog fanciers. The book,
it may be added', will be well Illustrated.
An -album illustrating the typical ships
of the British navy is to be Issued soon
by Messrs. . Sampson Low &, Co.-; It has
been suggested ! by the . coronation \ and l
will, it is thought,! meet a real want.
There is at present, it would appeaiy no
cheap illustrated volume showing by pic
ture and word Just what the British navy
is. E. N. Hartnall has prepared,the vol
ume, not for experts, but for the man in
the street. All the ships of the navy,
their tonnage, armament and so on, will
be mentioned, and the type of. each class
Illustrated. •'-• '. V,
Five examples of these only are an
nounced to' be published; at the price of
£40 ($200). I am now informed that these
are practically unprocurable even- at ten
times that amount. • y ¦ '¦-..- -
Here is a list which shows the geo
graphical distribution of the * poets and
their odes: Great Britain and Ireland,
641; Canada, 91; New Zealand, 71; Vic
toria, 59; India, 33; Leeward Islands, 24;
New South Wales, 20; Cape "Colony, 11;
Tasmania. 11: Trinidad, 10; Newfound
land, 8: Natal, 9; Queensland, 5; Ceylon,
4; France, 4; Barbadoes, 3; Western Aus
tralia, 2; Windward Isles. 2. and Italy.
2. The United States sends only one ode,
like Denmark, Switzerland, Belgium And
some other countries. A committee of lit
erary men is now engaged on the pleas
ant task of judging these odes. • ., ¦
King Edward's book-plate, to which I
referred some time ago, which is now
printing at the Essex House Press, is. I
hear, in great demand— at any rate, so
far as the costly copies on yellum are
concerned. ¦ '¦¦•' '?."••'
What a tremendous number of corona
tion poets there are, to be sure!" No
fewer than 1047 have sent in coronation
odes for a prize offered by the magazine
Good Words.
From what I can gather !n a brief space
of time about how the book is likely to
be received, it will probably have a good
sale here. One very acute critic says
it shows unusual sincerity of observation.
' For some time the announcement that
she was publishing this novel has excited
no little interest in society circles, for sh«
Is becoming popular socially here, as sh»
was both politically and socially at Wash,
lngton' and New York. She is the wife of
William Corcoran Eustis. Third Secretary
of the American Embassy in London,
and, it will be remembered, is the daugh
ter of Levl P. Morton, formerly Governor
of New York and Vice President of the
United States when Harrison was Presi
dent. ' . '."¦ •
- . - i •
It is rare for an author to give so much
promise in a first attempt at writing fic
tion as Mrs. Edith Eustia does in "Mar
lon Manning," published by Harper
Brothers.
To put an end to lynching and to bring that dis
graceful record to a close an appeal must be made to
the moral sense of the people. It is a fact of evil
portent that as our country grows this evil grows
with it. It is wonderfully increased by the presence
here of two unequal races, as no doubt the horrors
of war in the Philippines have been augmented by
two unequal races coming in contact there. But
whatever its cause the cure of lynching lies in a
higher moral sense and a more profound respect for
life and for law. . «
It is extremely doubtful if a Federal statute would
do any good, even if constitutional, which we ven
ture to doubt Lynching seems to be related to the
morbid . sequences of war. War is not Christian.
The clergy may preach that it is until doomsday
without changing the fact that every precept of
Christianity is violated in war. Settling great ques
tions by killing people becomes necessary because
Christianity is not made the general rule of indi
vidual and national life. A distinguished clergyman
of this State in a recent sermon vindicated the Chris
tianity of war by declaring that if it is right for a
policeman to arrest a man it is right for an army to
apply the larger force needed to overrun a whole
country. This is a strange perversion. The police
man is necessary only because the spirit of Chris
tianity has not become the rule of community life
and the law of social action. If all men were Chris
tian there would be no policemen, and if the nations
of Christendom were Christian nations there would
be no war and no armies. War being in the world
because the world is not Christian, it is perfectly nat
ural that morbid effects appear among the sequences
of war. The disregard of danger to self and the dis
regard of life, which are necessary in war, finally
work a ferment in the masses of a warlike state, and
there follow a disregard of law and a disrespect for
Kfe. |
Statutes. State or Federal, will not remedy the
matter. The cure must be moral. Instead of preach
ing war and glorifying bloodshed, let us preach peace
on earth and good will toward men. Let members of
Congress cease vindicating the infliction of human
misery, the murder of prisoners and children, in the
Philippines, by pointing to the burning of human
beings at home by mobs. Let there be less vaunting
of military prowess and averment of our own ability
to whip th« world in war and more determination to
lead. the world in the arts of peace, in respect for law
and regard for human life. There are worthy things
in this world worth talking about besides armies and
navies, and vocations that require as much courage
as soldiering. We by no means detract from the sol-
'dieiybut we insist that he is necessary in the world
not because of Christianity but because- of", the lack
of it. - ' ,£3& ••:'- ¦•-'-"^ ; .'.;. r ;;;t'-:-;.:
During the debate on the Philippine bill the official
record of military cruelty in the islands was met by a
statement of lynch enormities at home. There does
not seem to be wit enough .in Congress to make the
obvious answer. Those who defend the Herod order
of General Smith in Samar by citing the, burning of
negroes in the South seem to be unaware that they
are putting the array on a par with a mob. That
style of treatment will neither prove nor disprove
anything. Statistics show that about three hundred
lynchings a year, occur in this country.. Thousands
of men actively participate in them, and thousands
more sympathize with those guilty of them. Our
armies are drawn from the people, and it may as well
be admitted that the spirit which commits lynch mur
der or is in sympathy with that crime is not exor
cised when men get into a uniform and make war
upon a distant and defenseless people. The lawless
and savage spirit is not confined to any section of the
country, but is found in all. . .
ONE section of. the Union cannot accuse the
other of a monopoly of lynching. New Eng
land has the. best', record, but the North is
not free of the blemish. \ It is' to be regretted that so
little philosophy' is shown in Congress when such
subjects are under discussion. • - •* .,'.'%
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
have been taught to. read and to write. One 'of .'the
serious evils of later: immigration is. that it comes
more and. more from Southern and Eastern Europe
and is composed of people whom 'long ages of
..despotism and oppression have prevented ..from
making; progress like the .peoples, of Western Eu
rope. ~ It is highly desirable to check that; inrush in
some way. An educational test affords an easy means
of i providingythe check. If any man desire admit
tance to the United States he '.could obtain it under
the test by learning to read his own language. If
he be too lazy or too stupid to do that, there is no
wrong done in excluding him. ""' . .• r
ELECTRICITY OPERATES
NEW "BAGGAGE SMASHER"
4 , SECTIONAL LYNCHING.
THE SAN C
AERIAL "BAGGAGE-SMASHER" RECENTLY INTRODUCED IN ENG
LAND. AND WHICH DISPENSES WITH THE SERVICES OF THE IN
~ DIVIDUALS WHO HAVE LITTLE RESPECT FOR TRUNKS, ETC.
6
OUT-SIDES AND IN-SIDES.
Shoes, like characters, have ¦ "in-sides."
When buying shoes always remember the "in-
sides." You know, the "in-side" of a shoe is a
sort of a "pig-in-^-poke" or "sieht unseen"
proposition— perhaps they are.good'and honest
—perhaps they are not- A cheap shoe is often
comely— its outside appearance begets confi-,
dence. Still; we \F.ay to you: Buy your shoes,
where the "in-sid^s'/^are guaranteed as repre,-
sented— else your money back or.a new pair. .
Try us for your, next pair.
LIPPITT fr FISHER,
'-. " .. ' ' 945 MARKET STREET.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS. h <*-
- '- . ..¦.:¦-. - " ' ¦ : : ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦-
Call subscribers contemplatins: a change of
residence during: the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOM FOR THE SUMMER.Charles E. Thorpe also reported that
his room at 118 Sixth street had been en
tered Monday night during his absence
by means of a false key. Clothing to the
value of $60 was stolen. .
John Mask of 250 East street reported
that while he was asleep in a room £t
1176 Market street, with a companion
named Lehman, Monday night, Lehman
went ¦ through the pockets of his clothes
and stole $100. He discovered his loss
when he awoke yesterday morning 1 and
found that Lehman had disappeared.
Mrs. Elizabeth Stevens, 43 Sixth street,
S. D. Moresi of 110 Trenton street re
ported to the police yesterday that his
house, had been entered by burglars Mon
day night during the absence of the fam
ily. A thorough search had been made of
the rooms and $250 in coin and jewelry
and other articles of the value of $300
were stolen. Entrance had been effected
by opening the front door with a skeleton
key.
Policeman Fraher found Thomas Kelly,
a discharged soldier, "who lives at the
Winchester House, In a stupefied condi
tion at the corner of Tehama and Third
streets early yesterday morning:. Kelly,
who was suffering from bruises about the
head and face, said he had been assaulted
and robbed "of $20, a receipt for $100 -and
money orders for $200. Fraher took Kelly
to the Emergency Hospital and after, his
bruises had been attendefl to went with
him to the Winchester House, where the
receipt and the money orders, which he
alleged had been stolen, were found in
the safe.
Police Receive 1 Reports
of Burglaries and
Larcenies.
DEEDS OF THUGS
AND BOLD THIEVES
Many of -the sugar planters are anxious for
white laborers to come, to the Islands,; and
promise'' them a profit-sharing contract if they
will . remain a' certain space of time. The
proposition, to speak more fully, is that these
planters will give white laborers a house, gar
den and so many acres of land to cultivate
and they are to mutually share in the profits.
In reference to the claims of those who lost
their property by the burning of certain parts
of Honolulu at the time of the plague, the
matter is in the hands of a court of claims.
The total of claims will amount to about
?2. 000, 000. It is the wish of our people that
Congress- should lend us the money to pay
these claims. The United States was greatly
interested In seeing that the plague was
stamped out, and we think that they should
help us in the matter. All the people who
had their property burned need the money
badly and- the sooner the claims are settled the
better for 'all concerned.' We cannot pay the
claims, as all the (money we collect ' from tax
ation we* need for certain appropriations.
The labor situation In the Hawaiian Islands
Is very satisfactory. At. the time of annexa
tion all labor contracts became void, and on
thia account many of the laborers left the
plantations they were working on and roamed
around the islands hoping to better their con
ditions. This has all- been remedied and there
is now no lack of laborers.
WANT WHITE LABOR.
The Home Rule party has political control
of the Datives. It haB a two-thirds vote in
the lower House, j but in the Senate it lacks
one ' of two-thirds. . Of course, this power is
very, embarrassing to my administration, as
the Home Rule Representatives ' have vetoed
many necessary . appropriations. 1 do, not
think the Home Rule party will remain strong
or lasting, as 'It has never fulfilled one prom
ise made before election.
There are three political parties down there.
The -Home Rule, which is composed of ' old
Royalists, polls the largest vote, as every na
tive-votes the Home Rule-ticket. The second
and third parties are the Republican and
Democrat. Wifcox is tbe head of the- Home
Rule party. He is a good politician, . .but in
other things he is . not effective. He has no
particular standing or Influence back in Wash
ington. Sam Parker is the Republican leader,
being the representative of the National Com
mittee. - . ¦ • .-.
There will be no changes on my part as a
result of my visit to Washington. The Presi
dent did not' allude to the "crown" lands and
the matter was not discussed. - Queen ! Llllou
kalanl receives a pension of $7500 a year from
the Hawaiian Government -and I do not think
that the United States Government will grant
her another pension. The "crown" lands are
now fused with the other Hawaiian Govern
ment lands. You must understand that a
clause in the annexation treaty had a clause
which allowed the land laws of Hawaii to re
main the -same and not be made the same as
In America. •
Governor Dole ¦ when asked about the
political situation in Hawaii, said:
EMBARRASSES GOVERNOR.
Sam Parker i»- a well educated Hawaiian.
All Hawallans, however, have a way. of put
ting too much weight on remarks _ that are
made. This is how the report was circulated
about Sam Parker, I surmise. He heard some
report that he might be made Governor and
put .too much stress on the remark." It is a
misunderstanding on bis part. I know nothing
about his belr.e made Governor. I will never
resign except on account oC -ill-health." A year
ago I was not feeling very good. I took a va
cation in the mountains for a month and re
turned perfectly restored in Jiealth. ¦ . '
"There j have been many reports that
the President would call upon you to re
sign and that Sam Parker would possi
bly succeed you," said the interviewer.
'"Is there any likelihood of this taking
place?"
Governor Dole replied:
"I went to Washington at the. request
of the President," Governor Dole said.
"In my conferences with the President
he desired to know as much as possible
about the political situation. He did not
inquire about the administration of the
islands."
Governor Sanford B. Dole of the terri
tory of Hawaii arrived at the Occidental
Hotel, yesterday and will leave for the
islands on the steamer Alameda on Sat
urday. He has been to "Washington at
the request of President Roosevelt and
on his way back he spent several days
in Southern California. He is in splen
did health and with the exception of a
Blight cold, which he contracted in the
East, he has not had 'one day's Illness
during his visit to the United States.
The Hawaiian Governor
Grows Sarcastic About
His Rival
DOLE'S VERSION
OF PARKER BOOM
Call atv Santa Fe ticket office. 641 Market
street, for illustrated', pamphlet j and full I par
ticulars. ' --,. . y'/~ ¦-¦ ¦¦'-. ' . ....?•*
was then passed to print without any ob
jection.'/ :• •¦.:-"¦¦¦"-;• ;¦'.
;- The board adjourned to meet this after
noon at; 2 o'clock,' when public officials
will.be heard* on .the tax budget.
'-.. .- ¦ .-••: . ¦ ¦: v - .« .v :
The quickest., and Lmost convenient -way, in
and out of the- Yosemite -.Valley la v by' way' of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at u" a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m. ¦--.•--
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
F. Gaston Hartmann ' is contesting the
probate of the will of F. B. Hartmann,
his father, on the ground that\when It
was executed the testator was under the
undue influence of Melanie Hartmann,
hip wife,- and. two. brothers of the con
testant. ¦..¦¦'.'.- ;¦¦; , . ¦¦ .'¦ v- _-.-
Alleges Undue Influence.
Volbracht was arrested - on Kearny
street shortly after 10 o'clock by Police
man John Duane for drunkenness, and a
few minutes after he was put in a cell
by himself one of the "trusties" noticed
blood pouring from a wound in his throat.
The "trusty" "'notified Oflicers Shaw and
Love and they had Volbracht removed to
the hospital. The razor was found by his
side, and the supposition is that he had
it concealed in his clothing. He is an
Englishman, 29 years of age. It is said
he was at one time confined in an insane
asylum.
H. Volbracht, a laborer, cut his throat
with a razor in a cell in the City Prison
yesterday morning. He was sent to the
Harbor Emergency Hospital, where it
was found that" he had cut across the
"Adam's apple" and had severed.a portion
of his windpipe, but, fortunately, had not
reached the jugular vein. He will recover.
Drunkenness, Tries to End
His Life. '
H. Volbrach.t, a laborer, Arrested for
CUTS HIS THROAT
IN* A PRISON CELL
"When the ordinance imposing a special
tax of IV* cents on each $100 assessed val
uation for schoolhouses was taken up
Brandenstein said that at least one cent
of the tax should be set aside for the re
pairs of schoolhouses. Wilson thought
such action would be detrimental to the
purpose of the ordinance, and It would not
be proper to designate repairs as an ex
treme emergency.
Roncovleri said that. It was the inten
tion of the board not' to' erect "costly
school buildings in the outlying districts
He thought tbat frame buildings would
suffice there. In the thickly settled por
tions permanent structures of brick would
be erected. D'Ancona suggested that be
fore final passage of the ordinance the
Board of Education , should submit a list
of the exact localities and the schools de
signed to be built..- No such designation
was made In the ordlnace, and Branden
steln said it should be amended so aa to
give the Board of Supervisors control
over the expenditure of the funds. -
Alpers thought the people<-sheuld be
heard on the subjefct. rConnor said that If
the special levy was raised for schools It
would endanger the proposed bond issue
for the same purpose.
"I move that this matter go over," said'
Connor, "and that in executive session wo
provide some means to give the School
Department, say, JlOO.OOO-to tide over the
emergency, and also to give more money
to the Police Department. Then we can
go ahead on the proposed bond Issue.
"The issue of high license is now before
this board, and If something Is not done*
to raise the liquor license the people will
take the -matter In 1 their own hands and
will vote for a license of $500 per year. To
protect the liquor dealers I ? think we
should flx the license at $200 per year' « I
do not believe In raising the taxes, arid'I
voted with reluctance to levy the special
tax for a hospital. It is a bad precedent
to go above the dollar limit." . , ,?
Boxton objected to' postponing action,
saying that if the people liked the tax of
IVt cents' for a hospital they would like
the 7% cents for. schools. , - < : .-. >. ,-
The bill levying the tax for. new schools
LEV^T FOR NEW SCHOOLS.
"When the resolution declaring t"hat a
necessity exists for the levying of a. spe
cial tax of 7& cents for a hospital and
pledging the board to levy another tax of
IVi cents next year for the same purpose
was about to be voted upon Braunhart
objected on the ground that the second
tax might be an illegal proceeding in
not being. a temporary suspension of the
dollar limit as the charter requires. .
Comte said that taking a broadband lib
eral view of the matter he could see no
harm in. pledging- the board to . levy a
second tax . next year in order tliat the
hospital could be completed. *
"The charter framers never Intended
that this community should be deprived
of proper, accommodations for the sick
poor," said Comte. "This measure con
templates the expenditure of money for
a hospital and not for unnecessary teach
ers and janitors or extravagant salaries,
and should be adopted."
Braunhart quoted from a Supreme
Court decision that the board has author
ity to legislate for the building of a new
hospital and schoolhouses. Braunhart
said it would require a unanimous vote
of the eighteen members of the buard.
Sanderson took exception to this state
ment and held that if one Supervisor was
away on absence leave • the measures
could be passed by seventeen votes, or
even by ten votes.
When Braunhart said that he would
surrender, his private convictions that the
ordinances for a special levy are inad
visable and vote for them because the
people demanded their passage, Branden
stein retorted that Braunhart's. position
was a false one.
"I say that Mr. Braunhart should not
vote with us if he thinks we are wrong,"
said Brandenstein. "We should all stand
or fall on these propositions and we want
no half-hearted allegiance from any
member of this board."
Supervisor Sanderson held that the bill
for a special levy was out of order under
the section of the charter ptovldlng that
when the public interest requires the
construction of a municipal building, the
cost of which will exceed the income of
the city for any one year, the Supervisors
must by ordinance passed by fourteen
members submit the proposition to in-'
cur a bonded indebtedness for the pur
pose. • .
D'Ancona said that the hospital had
been declared unsanitary by the Board of
Health and the city was In the position
of having no proper hospital building.
Braunhart, In explaining his reluctance
to vote for the resolution, said that his
views were shared by several other mem
bers. Mayor Schmitz said that each Su
pervisor could speak -for himself.. /
"Mr. Braunhart's remark is an Impu
tation on this board," said Brandenstein
"and I call on any Supervisor to say now
if he intends to vote for a new hospital
against his convictions,"
. No Supervisor responded to the invi
tation. , .
Boxton objected to pledging 'himself to
vote for another special levy next year.
Curtis then, withdrew his resolution and
submitted instead his ordinance covering
the levy of 7^ cents for a new. hospital
for this year only. There was no objec
tion raised, even Sanderson, who all
along had spoken in opposition to the
special 1 levy, remaining silent. . The'or
dinance was passed to print. . - -^-'
OBJECTS TO SECONT> TAX.
Van Duzer reasoned that only when a
schoolhouse burned down -could the Board'
levy a special tax to build a new struc
ture and he did not think that any emer
gency existed at the present time for the
levying of a special tax.
W. A. Pease argued that a necessity
for new schools did exist. Chris Stader
said that he did not oppose the extra
levy but he -was afraid that the money
would not be expended wisely. Stader
said that it would not be advisable to
build a twelve-room school house in the
Suunyside district as the Board of Edu
cation intended, as a four-room school
nouse would be sufficient to accommodate
the 121 children In the locality.
"The city needs $3,000,000 for new
schools," said D'Ancona, "and we are not
cenfferned with the amount that each dis
trict is to receive. That Is an "after con
sideration. Let us first provide the funds
for the purpose and the segregation can
be made later." ' ¦
iiraunharf asked Van Duzer if he did
not think that the Board of - Supervisors
was the sole judge of the urgent neces
sity of a' hospital and schooinouses and
Van Duzer replied that he did not think
so. - .
\ "Well I have here a Supreme Court de
cision'showing that the Board has such
power," said Braunhart.
•' TheBoard^ of Supervisors • yesterday
passed to print two ordinances providing
for a special levy of-v7& cents on each
$100 of assessed valuation outside of the
dollar limit" for a*new hospital and an
other. 7% cents v for new. schoolhouses. The
meeting was called for 2 o'clock, but was
delayed exactly, one hour and a half . ow
ing to the absence of Supervisor Bran
den stein, who has a bad habit of coming
late. J Brandenstein's absence .was con
spicuous because It required a unanimous
vote to pass the two ordinances. Pre
vious, to the consideration of the meas
ures several citizens were heard on the
proposed . tax budget. .
M. Cushing of the /Point Lobos _ Im
provement Club said that his district had
four"' schoolhouses, two; of which are very
small. Cushing made an appeal for more
grammar, school f acuities, j for the erec
tion of a new nrehoBse, for. more lights
and better public protection in the dis
trict." - - : -. -¦¦• -
A. P. Van Duzer referred to the char
ter, which provides that all necessary
municipal expenditures must be satisfied
out of the dollar limit of taxation and
that in case of necessity any extraordin
ary improvements must be made by I a
bond issue. Van Duzer asked the Board
not to be carried away by enthusiasm
and pass the measures for a special tax
which would undoubtedly be declared il
legal by the Supreme Court.
Lyons surrendered'hlmself to the police
shortly before midnight. In an Interview
he readily gave his side of the story. He
said Conway, who is a friend of his, carro
to him on March 22 and asked him to
oblige him by having an order on the
treasury cashed. - He said^ he looked at
the order and saw it was made out in his
name, and expressed ' surprise.' - To ac
commodate-his friend, however, he says
he cashed the order and turned the suni
over to: Conway. He thought* nothing
more of the matter until he. was Informed
ot the mistake yesterday . afternoon. He
stated that he would have come down
sooner, but was taken sick and confined
to his bed. -Lyons' name was. entered on
the "detinue book and he was placed in a
cell. He asked, to see the Chief, but the
latter declined to take a hand in the mat
ter, as the man was jailed at the request
of Judge Mogan. . , , ..
Conway vlilted the hall, shortly, after
ward and- informed the reporters that he
had receipts' for every dollar he had re
ceived. He had been drinking, and ' was
wroth at. the accusations made against
him. He declined, to give himself up, stat
ing that he would be\at his desk this
morning. . He then left for his home, at' 30
Lynch street. ! ' #
"If the clerk violated that rule it is for
him to explain. Every morning the clerk
presents to me about twenty-five treasury
orders. I sign them, presuming the clerk
has attended to his business." . >
JUDGE . MOGAN" EXPLAINS.
/""After the Dan Sullivan forgeries," said
/Judge Mogan, "I made a rule in my court
that the clerk should not' make out a
treasury order In favor of any person un
less the frame of that person was on the
bail receipt, and th&t the person so .pre
senting the bail receipt { should sign his
name and address in' the. receipt bqok be
fore the treasury order was turned over
to him. I ordered, however, that In case
of the inability of tbe person in whoso
name the bail receipt was- made to pre
sent It he could write on the back <5f the
receipt the following words: 'To the clerk
of the Police Court: Deliver my treasury
order to bearer, John Jones, signed John
Smith.' Then Jones .would present ,the
ball receipt to the clerk and would be re
quired to sign his name and' address In
the. receipt book. In that way the whole
history of the transaction Is had.
Conway was asked about the matter at
1 o'clock yesterday. He paled and threw
up his hands and hurried from -the Hall
of Justice excitedly remarking that there
was some i mistake and he would have to
examine his books. He and Lyons were
closeted together for many hours in a
neighboring saloon trying to fix the mat
ter 'up. Detective Seymour detailed all
his available men to locate the two men
and bring them In, but up to a late hoar
they could not be found. . -,
There was no signature opposite the last
entry, whereas in every other case on the
page, and there were more than a dozen,
the signature was there. Conway, . by
accident or design, made out the order, to
his friend R.~ E. Lyons and passed it up
among a half dozen others to Judge
Mogan on March 22 and the latter, relying
on his clerk, signed the paper.
In - all probability had Evans followed
the usual custom and come to Clerk Con
way, the latter would have given him the
money that was due hini and thus avoided
an exposure. Instead. Evans secured an
order from Judge Dunne and the crime
was revealed. It may be a coincidence,
but it is a fact that -Evans was the man
who exposed Dan Sullivan, the Police
Court clerk, who Is now serving a term
pt years in State Prison. . . /
. Date — March 20. 1902. Name — Jessie Hol
land. Offense — Grand< larceny. Amount • of
bail — $260. By whom, deposited— J,^ Evans.
Number of case — 13. Disposition of case —
; — . • I hereby acknowledge . the i receipt of
the money opposite my name ;
An effort was then made to find Conway
and have him explain' the matter, but he
could not be . located. ' Judge Mo
gan and newspaper . representatives
returned to *he .Hall of Justice,
and after waiting until 6 o'clock
for Conway to appear, Captain Seymour
pried open his desk with a "jimmy" and
an Inspection of the court records dis
closed the following entry:
RECORDS ABE EXAMINED.
It appears that Evans on March 19 de
posited the sum of $250 cash bail for the
release- of Jessie Holland, a. woman who
was held^ by,' Judge Mogan on that' day
for grandtlarceny for stealing $20 from C.
H. Layman In a room on Turk-street on
March 15. She was tried last Monday be
fore Judge Dunne and a Jury and
was convicted. She was ordered
into/ custody. and Evans applied
for._and secured , an- order from
Judge Dunne for his money. Yesterday
morning he visited the City and County
.Treasurer's) office and was astounded
when told that the money had been paid v
to R, E. Lyons, a clerk under Bert Ma- V
hony, the County Clerk, two days after it
had been deposited. * . v ¦¦
Evans went to Lyons and asked him if
he hadtlrawn the money and Lyons ad
mitted having done so for another party.
He declined to inform Evans who the
other party was and the latter "reported
the matter to the Chief . of Police. The
matter was turned over to Captain of De
tectives Seymour for investigation. Cap
tain Seymour immediately detailed Detec
tive Ross Whlttaker to Bring Lyons to
the Hall of Justice. Whittaker went to
the County Clerk's office and learned that
Lyons had received leave to absent him
self until. 3:30: p. m. Whlttaker waited
until the office closed, but Lyons failed
to materialize.
In the meantime a representative of the
Call informed Judge Mogan of the occur
rence. The latter was astounded. Visions
of another Sullivan forgery case. entered
his mind. Accompanied by Th© Call's
representative, he visited the office of the
Treasurer and after an Inspection of the
following order, admitted that the signa
ture attached to it was his: .
1 SAN FRANCISCO, March 22, 1902.
To the Treasurer, of the City and County of
San .Francisco: Pay to R. E. Lyons or order
the sum of two hundred and fifty dollars ball
money deposited in People vs. Jessie Holland,
charged with mis. The said ball deposited
with you by the bond and warrant clerk of the
City and County of San Francisco, Department
No. 1, March 20, 1002, has been this 20th day
of March, 1902, exonerated. ¦ : V* . .
(Signed) E. P. MOOAN, -
Judge of Police Court, Department No. 1.
Paid March 22. 1902. . -^.
Indorsed : R. B. Lyons. . . •;
Robert E. Lyons, a Deputy County.
Clerk and Frederick R. Conway, clerk of
Police Court No. 1, have placed' them
selves in an awkward position by obtain
ing the sum of 5250 from the \City and
County Treasurer on an order signed by
Judge Mogan. The latter was an Innocent;
party to a crime that was revealed when
J. M. Evans, the real owner of the money,
applied for it yesterday. The facts in the
case may lead to the conviction of both
men on charges of obtaining money under
false pretenses. ,.v
Judge Noyes' bias in favor of Galen
may be explained by the fact that Galen
is a brother-in-law of United States Sen
ator Carter, and was United States Com
mitsioner under Noyes at Nome. The re
spondent answered, but Noyes, to oblige
the brother-in-law of his political backer,
violated the rule and gave the . case to
his favorite. . • , ' / .
Judge Ross, who wrote the opinion for
the Court of Appeals, said In the conclud
ing paragraph: "A bare statement of the
case is enough to disclose the error of
the court below. The judgment is re
versed, and the cause remanded for fur
ther proceedings."
— Upon reading and filing plaintiff's motion for
Judgment on the pleadings in this cauaf , and
it belnK ordered by the court that the said
motion be submitted on written briefs • • •
and It appearing to the court that the answer
of the defendant filed In said cause Is sham
and frivolous and that the eaid answer doea
not state ' facts sufficient to • constitute a de
fense, and it further appearing: to the court
that the damage sustained by the plaintiff is
unliquidated and cannot be ascertained with
out inquiry as to the amount thereof, and the
court being fully advised in the premises, It Is
ordered and adjudeed that the plaintiff Is en
titled to Judgment on the pleadings, and to
the end that the amount of damages sustained
by the plaintiff may be ascertained it Is fur
ther Ordered that this cause be and the same Is
hereby referred to W. B. Hauser Esq. to
ascertain and find the amount of the damages
sustained by the plaintiff and to report to this
court the amount thereof.
ARTHUR H. NOYES. Judge.
The United States Clrcult'Court of Ap
peals has handgl down a decision rebuk
ing Ex-Judge Noyes of Nome City and
his favorites and • reversing: • the judg
ment rendereQ by ' Noyes in favor of
James L. Galen against the 'steamship
Oregon and the r White Star Steamship
Company. • The libel was brought by
Galen to recover- damages for the loss
of freight which it was alleged that the
respondent failed to deliver. The amount
of damages was fixed at $2000. v '
An amended libel was filed by C. A. S.
Frost, who swore to it on information
and belief, and the respondents filed ex
ceptions. The exceptions were overruled
by Noyes and the . respondents filed an
answer in which is set up the uncertain
ties of and inconsistencies in the ' aver
ments of the libel and denying that the
merchandise was lost through careless
ness. The answer concluded by pro
pounding to the libelant certain neces
sary interroglatories. These were not
answered and the libelant moved for a
judgment on the pleadings, which motion
was granted by * Noyes in the following
words:
R. E. Lyons and F. R. Oonway
Involved in Serious
Tangle. .
Passes Ordinances to Print
Without/a Dissentirg
¦ Vote. •
Violation of Important Rule
of Admiralty by Nome -
Jurist. '
Bail Mcjhey Is Drawn by
Clerks in City ~
Employe
Imposes a Tax .to Eu>ld
Schbolhouses arid
; Hospital. \
Crmc*Z9 His Decision Pa-*
voring a Senator's-
Relative.
ANOTHER POLICE
COURT SCANDAL
BOARD ADOPTS
SPECIAL LEVY
COURT REBUKES
EX-JUDGE NOYES
THE SAN FRANCisGo CAXL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 28, 1903.
They were circus performers and of lata
have been giving street shows to aid In
advertising a patent medicine. Damron
was arrested last night for disorderly.
conduct. Hl3 wife paid his fine this
morning: and he accompanied her to the
hotel. Just before the shooting he was
overheard saying to her that they would
both be better off dead.
Cass Damron was the son of Judge C.
M. Damron of San Bernardino, CaL It
appears that Damron was addicted to th©
use of morphine and for a year past ho
has been verging on insanity. On this
account his wife had left 'him. To-day
he Implored her to return to him, but she
refused and the shooting followed. - >¦•> - T . .
swore out a warrant yesterday for the ar
rest of "John Doe" on a charge of bur
glary. She said her room had been en
tered May' 13 and a quantity of clo thins
stolen. .
The police have Investigated the alleged,
assault and robbery reported by Luccla
Bracamontie, a marine fireman, on San
some street, between Vallejo and Green,
early Sunday morning, and have .ascer
tained that it was .a "fake." Bracamontie
and another fireman had a quarrel over a.
-woman and wentlo the place designated
with two seconds. Bracamontie was
worsted in the fight.
DENVER, Colo., May 27.— Cass Can
ron. 30 years of age, shot his -wife, aged
25, in the bead, killing her, at the Vic
toria Hotel in this city, to-day, and then
committed suicide by shooting.
Circus Performer Kills
'Wife and Commits
Suicide.
LOSS OF LOVE
BRINGS TRAGEDY
7
¦ The BaTdWfn JeWelfy Co.
nffl/P nnPHPn fflPir*
..¦¦-.¦¦_. :. IIUwC UJJUIIUU II IUII
il Slitter Str&et ftrcinch
where they will be pleased to show the public new and
exclusive designs in high-class Jewels and Silverware,
having purchased the entire stock of the San Francisco
Diamond House.
lillil 225 sutt^ S^eefc
Between Kearny and Grant Av&
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), MAY 28.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren/ any part except reserved. 10c. ' .
VAUDEVILLE MAGNATES.
Feter F. Dailey and Company; Stuart
Barnes; Two Idttle Pucks; 8 Pitj-
chiani Sisters; Midgley and Car-
lisle; Lotta Gladstone; Little Elsie;
Dooley and Fowley and the Bio-
l graph. '
SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION DAY.
ANOTHER BIG WEEK AHEAD.'
MATINEE SATURDAY.
fs33»S TO-MORROW wA
o^ — o
BY PUBLIC DEMAND.
Mr. James Neill& Co.
Presenting all this week Sol Smith Russell's
-Comedy Success,
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Next— SUNDAY NIGHT.
THE RED KNIGHT
By George H. Broadhurst.
f SEATS TO-MORROW.
"EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP! .
ONLY A FEW MORE NIGHTS
Of the Most Charming of Operas,
THE
SINGING GIRL
TO-NIGHT, May 28— MISSION REBEKAH
LODGE, I. O. O. F.. BENEFIT.
MONDAY, Juna 2 — The Famous Favorite,
••THE TOY.mAkER.".
POPULAR PRICES.......... 25c, '50c and 75o
Telephone — Bush. 9.
sSPECIAIi DECORATION DAY MATINEB
/ FRIDAY. MAY 30th. -
Usual Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
Instantaneous Success of America's Magnetic
« . Star,
MAUDE FEALY
In J. .M. ' Barrie's Original Version of
"THE LITTLE MINISTER."
First Time on -Any Staee at
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 16c, 25c, 50c, TBc
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c.
\ NEXT WEEK— "MY LADY DAINTY.',' ~ r ,
fischei^S Theater.
DECORATION" FRIDAY
DAY, COMES NEXT.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Will Be Given That Afternoon.
So buy seats "now.
Only 25 cents anywhere, children 10 cents.
"And all . reserved. "
Hear MAUDB AMBER'S "MT < DREAMY
•LOU," FREDA' GALLICK'S i "MOLLIB SHAN-
NON," and see KOLB, DILL, BLAKE. HERM-
SEN and all the rest In new feature*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of Interest^ Husbands.
Is your home happy or is your wife delicate
and suffering from leucorrhea, irregular or sup-
j pressed menstruation, ovarian tumors, dlsplace=-
' ment ot tbe uterus or general debility of the en-
1 tire system? Has she grown tired of buying
tonics of all descriptions and paying doctor
bills without any apparent * relief ? If so, call
her attention to this.
Ninety* per cent of women suffer more or less
from the above ailments and are very likely to
use remedies which are more injurious than
beneficial. /
Kemp's Suppositories are a local treatment
and by using them every woman can be her
own physician, for no Instruments or exam-
ination is necessary.
Kemp's Suppositories are put up only by the
K. 6. C. MEDICAL CO., and contain neither
cocaine, morphine or onium.
$2500" off ered to any druggist who can prove
that the above statement is not true.
San Francisco, California.
Dear Friends: Let me tell you something. I
have been a long time finding the way to health,
and now that 1 have found it, I would like to
tell you eo that you may find it also. For a
long time I was a sufferer from female trou-
bles In all their dreadful forms: had shooting
pains all over my body; headache, dizzy spells
and my back hurt most of the time. At time
of menstruation I suffered Intense pain. I tried
doctor after doctor and spent a great deal of
money. They told me I would never be a well
woman until I had an operation performed.
Some one induced me to try Kemp's Supposi-
tories and after using them for two months I
feel like a new woman. My friends all want
to know what makes me look so well. I hope
every one who suffers as I have done will give
Kemp's Suppositories a trial. They have help-
ed me, and several friends to whom I recom-
mended them have derived great benefit from
their use, 60 I know they will help. you.
MISS MAY O'/CONNORS, 1123 Folsom st. .
$1000 offered any person who can prove that
the above testimonial* is not genuine.
30 Kemp's Suppositories. ¦ $2. If your drug-
gist does not seil, call at office or we will send
them postpaid on receipt of above price. Send
for circular* and testimonajs.
K. S. C. MEDICAL CO.
1236 Market St., cor. Jones.
. Phone Howard 1305.-
Hours — 9 to 5. and 6 to 7:30 p. m. Sunday,
11 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Kemp's Suppositories are sold- under a FUL/L
GUARANTEE. \ ¦
Missouri Pacific Railway
* ¦
Through service dally to %
i Kansas City and St. Louis §
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars. ,
Meals a la carte.
Personally conducted excursions • to Kansas
City, St. Louis, Chicago, New York, Boston
and all Eastern points. For full Information
address - J .-,'..
,'"t~ L. M. FLETCHER, :.l-Z, r
--^ .-v-r- «. Pacific Coast Agent.
r 126 California st.. San Francisco, Cal."
jZm*. VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
J&g^SfiL MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
JSJ^Cafc inla have been in use over fifty
iS£*1i* -^H#a years by the leaders of the
E3YUfci/Ki3i Mormon Church and their
¦HfflP^UwffX followers. Positively cure the
IvitM J%%W? worst cases in old and young
SsSL **\\ Pv3 arlsln S from effects of self-
VKf^MK^i/ • aDUse . dissipation, excesses or
T<2s3«2M&'.iS/^ cigarette-smoking. Cure lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
\jya^SP Power.- Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in- Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Lobs of Semen, . /¦» Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner *~% SB vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are i^jwrs* immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *¦»«« * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand.
Restore small, . undeveloped organs. ¦ St jmulate
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box; 6 for
$2 00 by mall. ' A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.; 40 Ellis St.,
Ban Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
«ad 40 Third «t- - _
MISCELLANEOUS. £
II WONDERFUL
ESTABLISHMENT
Pattosien's Big Furniture
Store.
Common Honesty, Solid Sense
and Big Bargains. •
Manufacturing In large quantlies and
buying by the carload enable Pattosien's
to cut the prices so much lower than those
who must buy In limited quantities. The
confidence of the masses in Pattosien's
is the key that cpens the way to dispose
of these large quantities, and so the live
principle of trade, "the more you sell
ihe more you buy. and the more you buy
the cheaper you can sell." is exempli-
fied and maintained. The application of
this principle Is the power that has
placed Pattosien's in the front rank In
the Carpet and Furniture trade on the
Pacific Coast.
It is a pleasure to see the crowds of
sensible housekeepers hastening to se-
cure the honest bargains spread out be-
fore their eyes.
Some of the customers yesterday had
never visited the second floor of the big
Furniture Exposition Building, corner
Sixteenth and Mission streets, and they
looked in spellboun'd wonder at the scene
of beauty there displayed. Column upon
column could be written about the array
and assortment of Parlor Furniture on
the second floor— all made in their owtf
workrooms— the rich effects in upholstery,
the exclusive unique designs, the artistic
models and superior workmanship — goods
«hat can be found only in this up-to-date
establishment.
Pattosien's big Carpet department is
well worth a long visit to see (If nothing
else). During the great "MONEY RAIS-
ING SALE" you can buy finest Axmin-
eters at $110 ner yard, sewed and laid:
Tapestries, Brussels as low as 50c, and
elegant patterns at 75c, and all the new-
est and prettiest designs and patterns In
>latting from 10c per yard up toC 35c and
40c
Store closed every evening at 6 o'clock.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S greatJ
IHUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
a Q) :;r.i:i.zzi::i.ktt.e±*7:i,s.7.Cii. A
\ W> The LArrest Anatomical Museum in th e \
m ,-Vri, World. *eakBe»tex or any contracted A
~ ypT K "J *«ease p*«»«i»-ly «T»r*.d bj- the oldeit T
© IB C I OB Coast Em. 36 years. ©
A £*£* § CR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN A
\ ICm^B CctnuUation free tnd strielly pmite. \
W I Itf^t B Treatment personally or by l»tter. A Q
\ K W SI S ******* ft*** in eTery ease undertaken. \
a In 5 ll« Whte for Bock.pniLosofnv.r A
r ¦ ff |l ' BtMUGE. MAILED FREE. ( A ff
A (i H- valuable book (or mm) \
W OB. JOBD AJf A CO.. 1051 Market St..S. F. f
STATEMENT
. .1 OF* THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
»OF THE ?:
Thuringia
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP ERFITRT. GERMAKT. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1901, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
eurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
€10 and €11 of the Political Code, condensed
&s per black furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAU .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $450,000 00
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company. . $163,235 00 '
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 8,026,471 90
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 1, SOS, 022 29
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and \
other marketable securities as
collateral 853.299 77
Cash in Company"* Office 4,846 01
Cash in Banks 383,108 93
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans .'. 58,134 19
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 6,678 61
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection .'.... 214,798 96
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire, Marine. Life,
Accident. Burglary and Plate'
Glass Risks 495,645 82
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 129,213 78
Due from Life Insurance Com-
panies 221.356 73
Total Assets ...$12,814.81199
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid. ... 1
Losses in process of Adjust- 1 /
ment or in Suspense V $237,190 00
Losses resisted, including ex- 1
penses j
Gross premiums on Fire Risks')
running one year or less,
t ; reinsurance 60
percent 748,337 70
Gross sremiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$ ; reinsurance pro
rata
Gro;« premiums on Marine and '
Inland Navigation Risks,
$ ; reinsurance 100
per cent 4,500 16
Gross premiums on Marine
Time Risks, $ — ; re-
insurance 50 per cent V
Liability under other Branches.. 9,776,220 28
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 235 00
Pension fund of Company^ em-
ployes 120.107 46
All other Liabilities 616,324 26
Total Liabilities .$11,402,914 86
INCOME. =====
JCet cash actually received for .
Fire premiums $1,528,844 73
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 21.825 55
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages S22.13S 47
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks, Loans
and from all other sources.... 90,889 69
Received for premiums of other
Branches 1.677,661 8*,
Received from all other sources.. 52,601 70
; _
Total Income ..*..... $3,694,961 97
EXPENDITURES. '
ICet amount paid for Fire Losses. $812,274 91
Net amount paid for Marine ,-*».¦
Losses 32,032 13
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission '•¦',-¦
or Brokerage 553,256 rft
Paid for Salaries. Fee* and other .-
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 824,843 41
Paid for State, National and /¦
' Local taxes 29,274 80
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,084.729 67
TotafExpenditures '... $2,856,411 66
Hiske and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during- the
year $927,268,619 $2,828,406 76
Net amojist of Risks
expired during the - •fc?
year 884,587.627 2,257,793 08
Net amount in force
December 3L 1901.. 692,540.679 1,474,457 82
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year I $35, 054,264 1 $15.016 25
Net amount of Risks I
expired during the ."•;¦ ' /
year 19,276,408 42.543 97
Net amount in force
December 31, 1S01-. 14.021.70C 21,823 05.
DR. MAX LUD~EWIG. Manager.
. CARL SCHUMANN. Secretary.
Subscribed and eworn to before me, this 17th
flay of April, 1002.
TIIOS. EWING MOORE, U. S. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Managers,
San Francisco*
#*fll SIEU3E9I A SA1F8MC3CITS
vUkUmDlA LHDIMTHEATHS
Powell Street. Near Market.
EVERT NIGHT THIS WJCKK.
INCLUDING SUNDAT. :v^- «
MATINEE SATURDAY ONX.T. ~.| J
KATHRYN^ §
KIDDER s
In a NotableRevival of David Garrlck'sComedy,
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Management of George H. Brennan.
Sunday— -Xast time of the "Th« Country Girt.**
/ Next Week— Last Nights of KATHRTK
KIDDER and her first appearances In Alex-
ander Dumas'
"FRANCILLON."
PRICES... $1 60. 11. 7So. gOc. 2So
/V?H EAT R r? A >
TO-NIGHT— LAST WEEK.
SPECIAL MATINEE FRIDAT, DECORATION
/ - DAT.
Brixton Burglary
special Feature this week. <
prof. both well browne's juvenile!
RAGTIME
FLORODORA SEXTET.
Next Week — "HIS WIFE'S FATHER."
EXTRA — Sale of Boxes and Seata for first
two weeks of MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS*
engagement opens next Tuesday, .10 a. m.
!T? it »'' Mttss tjty nut
TO-NIGHT-^ALL THIS WEEK. '/% '. i-
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAT. •
"(Next Friday.)
MATINEE SATURDAT and SUNDAT.
Elaborate Production of the Melodramatic SuOa
cess of Two Continents.
Hands Across
the Sea.
Strong Cast — Scenic Effects of Rare Magnitude.
PRICFS F™ 11 * 11 *' •• — ...iocto5o»
liilVLJ Matinees 10c, lfic, 25o
Next Week— "SIDEWALKS OF NEW TQRK. 1 *
THE CHUTES
Fnlton Street and f enth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY" AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
CAESAR AND LEW*:" DAVIS AND DE
HEARDE; BACON ANt> VANE: BTRNH
AND WEST: MAUDE. AND GLADTS SOR-
ENSEN: JACK STMONDS. and NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
RIDE THE MILE SCENIC RAHiWAT.
THE AMATEURS THURSDAY NIGHT,
INTRODUCING THE FLORODORA SEXTET.
Admission 10c Children ..3o
....-¦. . Phone for Seat*— Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS
Will Open Nl&hts On and After
Saturday, May .81, 1902,
..--...- v - • - ¦
Pfliflrp Desirable location,
1 UlUwv unsurpassed cuisine.
an equaled ser-
51 fin T ' ce and modern
C311U conveniences are the
. _ ' attributes that have
Iffflfln made "these two ho-
111 allU . tels popular with
. . tourists and travel-
rlAfplC ers w h° visit Saa
UUlvld Francisco.
I WASH SKIRTS and SUITS |
9 /"*¥TT UraSaaln fit
8 ' There jnust be something very at- B
Eg tractive about these Wash Skirts and §3
11 Suits — they have been selling so freely. I]
H But it's cleanlng-up time now, and H
H everything with a shade of friendliness H
H ¦'¦ to the present season must bo quickly — - Eg
B no matter how new. how : beautiful or W
m how desirable it may be. ||
I , -WASH SKIRTS^ I
S In an almost unending * variety of this £ H .
H season's most correct styles and popu- JQ
H lar fabrics. . - V - : . -..¦..-. B
I $1.00 to $8.50. Xj
«! 'worth 25 per cent moreV - ||
I- WASH SUITS i
S - That will satisfy the most refined taste |
B I for : less ' money , than such t good suits I
Sj ever cost. ¦ . . H
I $6.50, $7.50, $9.00. |
f * '¦ >iM ijn-y g^t irfcnicn ¦%>B
fct-v: Trie: ryKKlcK |
iMiiriiiery • Cloaks -Suits • |BALTIMORE. May : 27.— Howard Free
man of Oregon won the "motor-paced, ten
mile^ bicycle :. race~: from Nat Butler of
Cambridgeport, Mass., to-night in straight
Jyt* 8 « the Coliseum . bowl track. Time,
15:53^and' 17:54. .Butler's pacemakers had
trouble in the second heat. ..".! ' "
Oycliat Freeman "Wins.
. A car-load of Call Superior
Atlaae-B Ima arrived and they
are »ott ready t or / tlUtrl bu
tton. . All subscribers to The
Call are entitled, to a copy of
ihli great book at, the 1 prem
ium rate of *i SO.. ; Out of
towa subscribers deslrlns; a
copy of this splendid prem
ium vrill be supplied on ' rei
eeipt of J1.50. All mill
orders tpt ill be shipped by ex
press, at subscriber's expense.
SUPEfliOR ATLAS;
Her baby without the aid of the bottle is
the happiest of God's creatures. For tho
upbuilding of her own strength and for
imparting strength to the baby thrpuir h
nature's channels there is nothing so sure
so safe, so. effective as ' Malt-Nutrine*
Physicians recommend and all druggists
sellit Put up only by Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass*n, St. Ix>uis, U. S. A. •
The Mother Who Nurses
T. Gaffney, a teamster .employed iby
Charles "Worth, was arrested yesterday
by Officer Hooper, of the Society for the
Prevention of. Cruelty Jo Animals for
brutally j beating his horse on the .head
with a whip and for tha verbal abuse of
vv. ' F., : Smith, a' special officer • of the
society. It is alleged that when Gaffney
was remonstrated with for his "cruelty,
he announced himself as prepared to whip
any one who should object.., He j accom
panied the officer quite peaceably, to the
Hall of Justice, however, and was re
leased on |20 cash bail. . , - .: ,
At the regular meeting of; the society,
held yesterday afternoon, Secretary Hol
brook s report showed that during the
} month 152 horses had .been relieved,
and that two persons had been convicted
and 1 punished, for cruelty. — ¦ .
Officers Hooper and Smith; after a two
days search, located , and . killed a badly
glandered horse yesterday, which some-'
°? e J^a' 1 ; turned loose back of the Affili
ated Colleges. -It is stated that if the
guilty person can be found he 1 will be
vigorously prosecuted.
TEAMSTER IS ARRESTED
FOR ABUSING A HORSE
The will of Charlotte C. Graham, who
died at Sausalito on the 22d inst; was
filed for probate yesterday. Mrs. Graham,
who made her .will a few hours prior to
her death, leaves her estate to her four
children, Agnes J. Fielding, J. N
Graham, R. - J. Graham and Alice M
Sage, share and share alike. The estate
exceeds $10,000 in value. > - >
Leaves Estate to Her Children.
Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City and Chicago leave San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at ,8 p. m, via
the Santa. Fe. Cars used are the wide-vest 1
buled Improved Pullman tourist sleepers of the
very latest pattern. If you. are contemplating
a trip East, you should first call upon or write
to the ticket agent of the Santa Fe, §41 Market
street. San Francisco, for illustrated pamphlets
and full particulars. •
To the East in a Tourist Sleeper.
ST. LOCTS, May 27. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, six furlongs, purse— Red Hook
won. Halnault second, Louis Wagner third.
Time. -1:14 &. ,
Second race, four and a. half furlongrs — Grand
Shot won. Pourquoi Pas second. Caelana third.
Time, :55%.
Third race, mile and seventy yards,' selling
Silver Garter won. Swordsman second. Bur
nett's Walkaway third. Time, 1:47..
Fourth race, ' six furlongs — Brulare won,
Nlckey D second. Frank Bell third. Time.
l:33 ] /4. . . . , -
Filth race, six and a half furlongrs selling—
Lakeview Belle won. Sir Christopher second.
Kitty G third. Time, 1:21.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selling
Orris won. W. K. Gates second. Bengal third.
Time. 1:46%, , Hv*frf-
NEW TOBK. May 27. — Gravesend results:
First race, high-weifcht handicap, about six
furlongs — Setauket won, .Royal second, Belvlno
third. Time. 1:12. . '
Second race, mile and seventy yards, selling—
Satire won. King Ralne second. H. L. Coleman
third. Time, 1:40 4-6. • „ '.. . -
Third race, five furlongs — Lady Albercraft
won. Credulliy second, Lora Vale third. Time,
Fourth race, the PreakneBs stakes, mile and
seventy yards — Old England won. Major Dain
gerfleld second. Namtor third. Time 1-45 4-K
Fifth race, two-year-olds, five furlongs, sell
ing — Kennard won, Rostrand second. Warte
nicht third. Time, 1:02. - - * •
Sixth race, about six furlongs — Roue 'won
Khltl second, Neither One third. Time, 1:12 3-{i!
CINCINJCA.TI. May 27.— Latonia results:
First race, seven furlonrs — GHnzen won Bt
Hera, eecond. The Esmond third. Time 1-30^'
Second race, four and a half furlongs Ma2
horn won. Flora WUloughby second. Gerda
third. Time, :56%.
Third race, mile and fifty yards, selling—;
Eir*r Iy Tta£-if$3r lui ¦ iecond - Garter " Baa
Fourth race, one mile— Jessie Jarboe won,
Talpa Becond, Wateredge third. '.Time, 1:42W
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs— T#o
Uck won, Emily Belle second. Ornadoc third.
Time, *ob%^ . ...
•xSi* 13^, 1 * 0 *' InIIe and ntt Y yarda, selling—
ffi^i.^/' 411111 ' 6econ<5 - W±%
CHICAGO, May 27--«-Hawthorne results:
First race, five furlongs— Prince of Endur-
Ttme.TlosSr 088 ™* m *' Hammond third.
Second race, one mile— Lord Qu ex won. J V
Klrty second. Lou Woods third. Time 1 -43iT
Thlrd/raee. four and a half furiongs— -Mary
Lavana won. Princess Tulane second. Belle
Graham third. Time. :65%. . -° * Belle
Fourth race, one sad a sixteenth miles—
2SE* SSe?^*: Boy wcond -
OLD 'ENGLA2TD CAPTU UES
THE 1 FEEAKNUSS STAKES
The handball matches played at the
Olympic Club last night resulted as fol
lows!
Starr and Optmls .21 — 21
O. Cole and Johnson. .*.... 9— IT
T. Lyons and R. Lyons ...._. 21 — 18 — 21
J. Cole and Sherry .19—21—17
J. Cunningham and Martin..... .....19 — 21 — 21
dough and Atkinson 21 — 1&— 4
Olympic Club Handball.
Santa Clara County Fair
SAN JOSE, May 27.-Santa Qlara County
will have the first fair held In. the State
this year. Arrangements are complete for
the exhibit, which will be held .July 8 4
and 5. There will be a fine display of the
and horticultural interests T,?
the county and of livestock: lnterests <*
class, pacing, purse S50Q. 55 °°' 2 ' U
Oakland and Sacramento are on the
bills for another series of games this
week. The first will be played on the
diamond across the bay at 3:30 o'clock
%!%tf£ ern< r?- There * m two games
on Friday. Decoration day. The nrstwill
Irt&^atlS 0 &S? tttt Plac *
Oakland should have an easy time in
r^nFSF crip P led Senaj£rTwh m re£
»n/i mterests of Mike Fisher The
end of the week will probably e thf
Baseball at Oakland.
When the regiment first went into camp
it was believed that Company C of this
city would take the prize for efficiency.
The men were excellently drilled, and the
officers were considered among the most
painstaking in the regiment.- However,
when the day for awarding prizes came
it was announced that Company G of
Bakersfield had won on points. Fresno
was consoled by Colonel Johnson with
the information that "Company C was as
good as the best in the regiment and one
of the best in California. . .
The story goon leaked out that the prize
c o™niittee claimed "that Lieutenant Scott
of Company C had taken his company out
on . a tour of the town on Sunday night
after church, and that all had behaved in
a. decidedly unsoldierly way. Immediate
ly there was a furor in camp. Accord-
Ing to Scott and his friends, the only
foundation for the story was that on the
Sunday night in question he had accom
panied Captain Bambauer of Merced and
a crowd of boys to church. Scott was to
return to Fresno, arid having a little time
to spare the crowd lined up in the street
and marched to three saloons, a drink be
ing taken at each. . - :
The boys deny that Scott was the leader
any more than other officers who accom
panied them. ' They also deny that It was
a Company C affair, there being members
of several other companies In the crowd
-Lieutenant Scott, feeling deeply ag
grieved that the failure of his company
should be placed upon him, went to the
committee about it, learned that it had
heard some idle report concerning him
J^t had not investigated it. Scott has
threatened. a suit for slander and it Is not
at all unlikely that^such a suit wiU be in
stituted. General Muller has. advised him
to ask for a court of inquiry, but he does
not favor the idea. *.-¦-.,
FRESNO, May 27.— The recent encamp
ment of the Sixth Regiment, National
Guard, of California, at Merced, was pro
ductive of a regimental quarrel, and a suit
for slander has been threatened by Lieu
tenant .TV. S. Scott of Company C of
Fresno against Lieutenant Colonel Grant
and Majors Whitmore and Stewart, the
committee in charge of the awarding of
prizes. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The ; big|events were the horse races for
the Queen's plate and the Merchants'
sweepstake. Both were over a distance of
a half mile. Black Alder, a well-known
Pacific Coast horse won both events.
Nellie Bly, brought in over the ice from
Portland,, was secoond.
In the sweepstake Alder won by a nose.
Time; 48% seconds. ,
In the plate Alder was ridden by Bert
Collyer, a newspaper correspondent, and
carried 116 pounds. Bly, Shay, 112. Bly
was the favorite. It ia estimated that
$20,000 changed hands. The pony race,
twelve entries, was won by Little Jean,
Collyer up. , .
DAWSON, Y. T., May 27.— Seven thou
sand Americans and Canadians, from a
radius of several hundred miles, congre
gated here and linked . the stars and
stripes with the union jack in honor of
the late Queen Victoria's birthday. , The
celebration continued over two days and
was a success in every way. . ,
Lieutenant Scott May
Sue His Superiors
for Slander.
Americans and Cana
dians Gather in Num
bers to See Sport.
QUARREL SHAKES
SIXTH REGIMENT
RACING OFFICIAL WHO HAS
RESIGNED A RESPONSIBLE
POSITION. :. . /.
Tcrar Singles, a Two-Badger and a
Batsman Hit Bring- in Pour
Bans.
AMERICAN LEAGTJE.
BOSTON, Mass.. May 27.— .Boston won to
day's game by heavy hitting In the eighth In
ning, when fonr singles and a two-bagger
added to Parent being bit, brought in four
runs. Attendance, 2011. Score; ¦
H. H. E.
Boston -----....-................. 6 12 o
£t- Louis 2 10 0
Batteries— Toon* and Criger; " Eeldy and
Eugden.
- ¦WASHTSrGTCEC. May 27— Washington solved
Moore's curves. In the last part of to-day's
game, and by heavy hittlnr wan the game
easily. Patton proved an to the visit
ors. Attend a-nfv^ 1905. ScOrei
_ . R. H. E.
TVashlngtaa — 7 12 0
Cleveland _ ?. ; 14 4
Batteries— Patton and Clarke; Moor* and
i>emls,
BALTIMOBE, May 27— MeGHmltys clever
pitching won the game for Baltimore this after
noon from Chicago. A ttfn fiance. 2114. Score:
L, H. H. E.
Baltimore .. 7 7 i
Chicago l_" 14 2
Batteries — McGmnfty. Brecnahan a-M Eohin
mon; Patterson and McFarland.
FHUJUXELPHIA, Mcy 27— Ptnaielphla-
Detroii; no game; rain. ,
NATIONAL .LEAGUE.
ST. LOns, Mo, May 27— St. Loins Elansh
tered Glade's delivery to-day and defeated Chi
cago by a wide margin. Att^flanpp iioo_
Score; -
c. . R. H. E.
fk Louis n ig j
Cfa *cag° 2 8 3
Eatteries-^Murphy and CNeil; Glade and
¦Kahoe. Umpire — O'I*ay.
XEAV TORE. May 27— Tim Phnadelphia-
Brocklyn National Leaso* .game ax Brooklyn is
postponed; rain. ™**j** u
PETTSBCEG. May ZL-VUUbaxe-Oatbf
HEAVY HITTING WINS
f • A GAME FOB BOSTON"
ville Jockey Club. He ranks as one. of
the leading race track men of the West.
Nothing will be done for the present con
cerning the appointment of Mr. Price's
successor. , :
HORSES RACE
NEAR DAWSON
Manager Price had been with the old
California Jockey Club and was retain
ed as manager when the new organiza
tion was effected. About two -months be
fore the death of the late R. B. . Milroy,
who was assistant secretary of the club,
Mr. Price was elected secretary, in ad
dition to his position as manager. Before
he came to California, Mr. Price was con
nected for many years -with the Louis-.
y*O HARL.ES F. PRICE, secretary and
fl manager .of the New California
IV^^ Jockey Club, has resigned. When
the racing season closed Presi
• dent Thomas H. Williams Jr.
was informed by Mr. Price that he would
probably sever his connection with the
club within a short time.
President ¦Williams received the for
mal letter of resignation yesterday from
Louisville, Ky. With it was inclosed a
personal note to President Williams
bearing upon the friendly relations which
existed between the club directors and
himself. In confirming the announcement
of Mr. Price's resignation, President Wil
liams said: • ¦ • ¦¦ ¦
"Just before Mr. Price left for his
home in Louisville, after the close of the
season, he told me "he intended to re
sign, his position with the New . Califor
nia Jockey Club. ¦ There was no signifi
cance to the matter. Mr. Price simply
desired to retire from the employment' of •
the club. Our relations are, as they al
ways have been, of the friendliest char
acter. As soon as I received his formal
letter of resignation, I sent him a reply
in line with the pleasant sentiments he
had expressed in his note to me. The
resignation was not unexpected, in view
of what Mr. Price had said to me when
the meeting closed. He went East about
a week after racing ceased at Emery
ville for the season."
2:10 p. m. — Class 11 — Seren entries, ham..^
horses, double teams.
2:30 p. m. — Class 7 — Five entries, high step
pers, hackneys.
2:50 p. m. — Class 29 — Three entries, ponies
under saddle.
3 p. m. — Class 21 — Four entries, best road
team. ¦ .
3:20 p. m — Class 2 — Three entries, double
teams, roadsters.
3:40 p. m. — Class 50 — Milk wagons. (Post
entries.)
3:55 p. m. — Class 16 — One entry, pony, har
ness tandem.
4 p. m. — Class 31 — Six entries, best polo pony >
4:20 p. m. — Class 33 — Six entries, Jumpers.
4:40 p. m. — Class 35— Four entries, high
jumpers.
5 p. no. — Class 36 — Consolation Jump. (Poet
entries.)
10 a. rn. — Class S — Six entries, harness
horses, single.
10:15 a. m. — Class 4 — . Thre« entries, pairs,
harness horses.
10:30 a. m. — Class 30 — Three entries, ponies
under saddle.
10:45 a. xn. — Class 1 — Two entries, single,
roadsters.
10:65 a. m. — Class 51 — Pair ponies. ',
11 a. xn. — Class 52 — Best single pony.
11:05 sl. m. — Class 18 — Best harness *««*«n
11:10 a. m. — Class 17 — Entries tandems.
11:20 a. m.— Class 27— Two entries, ladies'
saddle horses.
11:25 a. m. — Class 23 — Six entries, ponies In
harness.
11:40 a. m. — Class 0 — Three entries, pairs,
harness horses. ' .
11:55 a. m. — Class 49 — Fourteen entries, San
Mateo delivery wagons.
Intermission, 12:15 p. m. to 2 p. m.
2 p. m. — Class 25 — 3 entries, saddle horses.
2:10 p. xn- — Class 22 — Three entries,, park
teams, four-in-hands.
2:25 p. xn. — Class 20 — Two entries, best park
ti*am. - ¦
2:45 p. m. — Class IS — Six entries, horse and
runabout.
2:55 p. m. — Class 12 — Xlne entries, best high
Bterper.
3:15 p. m. — Class 13 — Five entries, ¦ best
horse, appointment class, single.
3:30 p. m_ — Class 39 — I>rivlns competition,
amateurs, four-ln-hands. (Post entries.)
3:45 p. m. — Class 8 — Ten entries, harness
horses.
4 p. m. — Class 38 — Amateur tandem, driving.
(Post entries..)
4:20 p. m. — Class 14— Three entries, appoint
ment class, pairs. . . \
4:30 p. m. — Class 32 — Six Jumpers. __ /
4:45 p. m. — Class 34 — Four jumpers.
5 p. m. — Class 37 — -.Four- Jumpers.
SATUBDAX.
10 a. m. — Class 41 — Thoroughbred stallions.
(Post entries.)
10:10 a. m. — Class 42 — Trotting stallions.
(Post entries.)
10:15 a. m. — Class 43 — Hackney stallions.
(Post entries J • ¦ •
10:20 a. m. — Class 44 — Hackney stallions
and progeny. (Poet entries.)
10:30 a. in.— Class 45—^Two entries, livery
horses.
10:40 a. m. — Class 46 — One entry, livery
tram,
10:50 a. m. — Class 48 — Three entries, station
•wagons.
11 a. m. — Class 10 — -Fonr entries, lumi^
horses.
11:15 a. m. — Class 24 — Two entries, pair of
ponies.
11:20 a. m. — Class 18 — Two entries, sporting;
tan£exns.
11:25 a. m_ — Class 20 — Six entries, saddle
horees.
11:40 a_ zOj — Class 9 — Seven «»-t-r<«^ double
teams, horses.
12 xn. — Class 3 — Six entries, single harness
horses.
Intermlsdon, 12:15 p. m. to 2 p. m.
2 p. m. — Class 40 — Two entries, professional
FRTDAT.
Walter S. Hobart has made eighteen
entries. This clever amateur whip will
again be a notable figure In the judging
ring. The following table . shows the
time at which each class will be judged
and the number of entries:
Miss Bessie W. Rosstter, Miss Jennie Crock
er, Mrs. H. T. Scott, Mrs. JL A, Folger, Miss
Florence WTjittell. Miss Taylor George Aimer
NtwhaU. W. S. Hobart. D. Drysdale, Frank
J. Grace, Tnomas A. DrlscoU, F. J. Carolan,
W. B. Bpurn, C. E. Green, H. T. Scott. J. T>.
Grant, J. S. Tobin, Robert L. Coleman, TV. B.
Tufcbs. R. P. Schwerln. Henry J. Crocker. A.
P. Welch, F. G. Drum, F. 8. Moody, C. O.
Hooker, George A. Pope, Walter S. Martin. E.
D. Beylard, Templeton Crocker, J. J. Moore,
Leon BocQUiraz. John Lawson and W. O'B.
Alacdonougfc.
W. Mayo Newhall, John C. Kirkpat
rick,, Prince A. Poniatowski and E. D.
Beylard will judge as a committee. Rich
ara Graham will make a picturesque
ringmaster.
Silver cups have been offered for com
petition by George Aimer Newhall, H. T.
Scott, W. B. Bourn. Shreve & Co and
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. The Burlingame
Club offers three pewter cups. Among
the most prominent exhibitors are:
The management has been so liberal
minded as to provide a class for auto
mobiles. Miss Sara Drum, George A.
Pope, E. B. Murphy, Lawrence I. Scott,
R. P. Schwerln and Edward Tobin will
show their skill as chauffeurs, steering
their machines among obstacles after the
manner of a driving competition. The
trial is set for Saturday noon.
This is apparent from the number of
entries. One hundred and seventy-five
horses of all varieties are entered
In the competition, the names of
many of them appearing in from two to
five classes.
Burllngame Country Club horse show
and open air fete, to be held Friday and
Saturday at Burllngame, will be an un
qualified success.
As yet the club has not deposited Its
$5000 as a guarantee that it -will bring off
the his fight on the. evening of July 25.
'Shall notified Manager Alec Greggaius
yesterday that he would give him until
Saturday next to carry out his verbal
agreement. If he fails to turn over a
certified check or its equivalent in cash
Thall threatens to notify the contestants.
Thall has found that Jeffries' check is
not certified. He therefore must send it
to Harbin Springs in order that "Jim"
can attach his signature to make it -worth
more than the paper on which it is writ
ten. Jeffries did the same thing: in his
contest with Ruhlln. As in the present
instance It was evidently done for a pur
pose. He delayed indorsing the check
until he saw there was no danger of the
fight not taking: place.
Jeffries' trip to Harbin Springs yester
day was made without accident. He was
warmly greeted all along the line. He
has made many friends in the vicinity of
Harbin Springs and they were out In
force to give him a proper greeting. Jim
will begin conditioning himself to-day.
ritzsinrmons has already begun training:
at Skasgs Springs.
Lavigne and Britt have finished training
for their coming contest and from now
en will devote their time to light ex
ercises In order to keep their muscles *in
trim. Lavigne weighed 129 pounds at the
close of his day's training yesterday. He
expects to enter the ring weighing 131
pounds. Britt is In splendid shape and
will enter the ring in condition to put
up a fast fight The sale of seats opened
at Corbett's yesterday. The men will
wei?h in at Corbetfs at 6 o'clock to
morrow night. In what betting was done
yesterday Britt ruled a 10 to 8 choice.
Sam Thall, the -well-known theatrical
manager, who 'was chosen stakeholder of
the Jeffries-Fltzsimmons championship
contest, is worried. His position in the
matter is not as easy as It appears. He
is to be the custodian of checks aggregat
ing 510,000, -which -will be put up by both
boxers and by the San Francisco Athletic
Club.
Britt and Lavigne Let Up in
Training and Await
the Gong.
Largo in' All the
" Olassea . #
Entry List Is Unusually
Burlingame Fete Gives
Promise of Being
Big Success.
Stakeholder in Big Fight
Is Taking Many
Precautions.
THALL ANXIOUS
ABOUT DEPOSITS
MANY EXHIBITORS
IN HORSE SHOW
MANAGER PRICE RESIGNS
JOCKEY CLUB POSITION
Sends a Formal Notice -From ¦Kentucky to
President Thomas H. Williams Jr.; Sever
ing His Connectiori--Witn .Oakland , Track
ANNUAL REUNION
OF THE ALUMNI
Graduates of Stanford
Meet at the Festal
Board.
Recall College Scenes and
Incidents and Welcome
Class of '02.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 27.—
Roble. Hall was the scene to-day of the
seventh' annual luncheon of the Stanford
University . Alumni Association. The
luncheon was the culmination of the senior
week events, in which" the alumni par
ticipated actively. The early hours of
morning were taken up by the old Stan
ford graduates In the two annual alumni
meetings. To-day was essentially Alumni
day; even in the promenade concert to
night were graduate Influences noted, the
Alumni booth being a center of attrac
tion. - ,
The annual business meeting was called
to order at 10 o'clock- in the law building
by the president of the association, Pro
fessor H. D. Stearns, '93. After listening
to the reports of the secretary-treasurer.
Professor Charles R. Lewers. '96, and of
the chairman of the executive committee.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, '96, the members
of the association chose their officers for
the coming- year, as follows: president,
Leslie J. Hinsdale, '95, an attorney of
Sacramento and president of the student
body In hisundergraduate course at Stan
ford;Arst vice-president, W. J. Neidig, '96.
at present instructor in the department of
English; second vice-president, W. "W.
Kemp, '97, an instructor at Holtf3 School;
secretary-treasurer, Chas. R. Lewers, "J6,
professor in the law department, in
cumbent; executive committee, Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur, '96, professor in the de
partment of physiology, re-elected chair
man; Miss Pearl Greene, '98, assistant in
University Library, and James Taylor
Burcham, instructor in law, re-elected. >
The power of oversight of the "Alum
nus," the official alumni publication, was
delegated to the executive committee/ The
editor for this magazine was not clfosen,
but it Is understood that C. F. "Wright, '96,
will be the next business manager.
TOASTS AND RESPONSES.
The annual alumni luncheon was served
in the spacious dining-room of Roble Hall,
which was - decorated with cardinal car
nations and evergreens. Four hours, from
12:30 until 4:30, were spent at the board.
Professor H. D. Stearns, '93, toastmaster
in hin opening remarks, "To 1902," spoke
of the Stanford graduates out in active
life, urged that they act so as to reflect
credit on the university and welcomed
the graduating class into the ranks of
the alumni. He introduced Frank Hin
man, president of 1902, who responded to
the toast. President Hlnman said in part.
_'W« feel proud to be members of that loyal
Cody of men and women, the Stanford alumni.
We do not care to boast of our future, but
we hope for the sake of the university that It
will be successful. Stanford men and "women
have won honors tn the past and It Is to be
hoped that we may emulate their example.
The next speaker was Professor John
M. Stillman of the chemistry department
who was assigned the subject, "The Old
and the New." Said he:
To the child of 10 years, ten years is a long
time; but to men with hair tinged gray by the
first early frost of autumn, ten years seem
but yesterday. The old "pioneer" graduates
say that there Is something missing nowadays,
that the old home is not what it used to be.
They are-.rlght— the old home haa changed;
It is greater, stronger and better to-day.
The speaker referred to the intimate re
lations between faculty and students that
existed .most strongly in the "pioneer"
days; of the broadened sphere of the
university work and the permanent in
fluences to be most highly: valued. In a
closing comparison of "the old- and J the
new" he remarked:
Now, as then. Stanford stands for effective
ness as the test of knowledge — the ability to
know something well and to <\o something well.
Now, as then, we recognize the responsibility
of keeping the tone of the student body high,
of keeping the college atmosphere pure ¦ and
clear. In the maintenance of these Ideas, let
us say for the university In the words of Jo
seph Jefferson, "May she live long and pros
per."
ENERGY OP WESTERN MEN.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds. '96, spoke of
"Stanford in the East," referring to the
great number of Stanford men in the East,
their college loyalty and the esteem in
which < they were held by their business,
professional or college . associates. He
"said:
No college represented by alumni in the
Kfcst can show better work done by
her alumni. In all positions where quality
of work and personal consideration enter Into
account. Stanford is well represented. West
ern men have more energy and Initiative,
which make them win where the less coura
geous Easterners fall; but I would criticise the
Western college men for lacking that natural
culture and greater dignity which is displayed
by the Easterners.
Following Dr. Reynolds. H. H. Brown,
*96, very wittily responded to. the toast,
"The Ladies," S. M. Charles, '98, related
the varied experiences of the graduates
of the Stanford law school, speaking on
J The Stanford Lawyer" and Cecil M.
Marrack, '01. cheerfully responded to "A
Year Later."
President Jordan closed the toasts with
some strong and pertinent thoughts on
"The University." President Jordan spoke
in part as follows:
The last time I spoke at an alumni luncheon
I spoke on the "Stone Age.". I shall continue
to talk of the "Stone Age," for we are tn it
still: More buildings are to be erected — a- gym.
nasium. the finest the world over saw, will be
erected next year, and other buildings will
follow. -'.
The university is really comfortably fixed
the long struggle In financial matters, has com*
to an end. We can look through and beyond
our difficulties.
One of the main objects of the university
is tc provide the student with a general educa
tion by maans of thorough work in the under
graduate courses. Many cdlieges tend to de
spise this object and put Inferior Instructors In
the undergraduate departments. This Is the
first year In which we could guarantee to
every undergraduate the fullest education In
everything desired. This year there are men
enough; next year there will be room enough.
This is not going to > an Institution of
great number of students. It Is now and la
going to be small enough so that students may
know the professors and the professors know
the students. We are not going to turn out a
large number of graduates, but we are going
to turn out successful graduates— Stanford men
and Stanford women. We are going to be what
we want to be; we stand for working out our
own problems.
The final event of the commencement
week celebration took place to-night
when the promenade concert was ren
dered on the quadrangle. The walks were
beautifully adorned with palms and flow
ers, and, Chinese lanterns contributed to
a scene of remarkable beauty.
Another American Polo Victory.
LONDON, MayZT.— The American polo
players defeated a scratch Hurllngham
team to-day by. 8 to 2 goals. The Hurllng
hams were weak.
ATHLETES ENTER
FOR LONG RACE
Handicaps Are Out for
the Decoration Day
.Event.
in the Park
to Meet Over a 'Course ~
Fourteen Distance Runners
Arrangements have been completed for
the two-mile race^ of the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union, to ba
held in Golden Gate Park, Decoration day.
The : fourteen athletes- who . will compete
were . assigned the following handicaps
last nieht: ... - , . ..»
TV. R. Garcia, O. A. C. scratch; E. Smith.
O. A. C, 10 seconds; Wilson Lundy, O. H. 8..
12 seconds; F. S. Holman, Stanford University,
12 seconds; C..A. Goshen,' unattached, 15 sec
onds; Harry' Bowden, O. • A. C, 15 seconds;
Frank Ferrem, O. A. C.J 15 seconds; Harold
Templeman, O. A. C. 18 seconds; Thomas Mc-
Guire.l unattached, 18 seconds; R. C. Hackley.
University of California, 18 . seconds; Ray
Stone, O. A. C, 20 seconds; George S. Backus.
O. A. C, 20 seconds; H. M. Clifford, unattach
ed, 24 seconds;" J. E. Webster. O. A. C, 28
seconds.
The race will >be in charge of the fol
lowing officials:*. '
Referee, William , Greer Harrison; starter,
John KUiott; tlm«*— Herman Hadenfeldt,
Dave \ Brown, - George^larman, George Elliott ;
Judges— W. B. Hinchman, Dr. Washington
Dodge, J. F. Sturtevant, H. A. Keeler; in
spectors—Sid Cavill, DeWItt Van. Court. George
Mlehling; clerk. I. J. Muma.. ' : . ' .
The start wll be effected at 10 a. m.
Friday at Stanyan and Page streets. The
nnlsh ' will be at the same point. The
course will extend along the main drive
of the park, thence to the left under the
suspension bridge toward the south drive
and back to the starting point. The race
arrangements are in charge of George
James and Herbert Hauser. . •
YOUNG "WOMAN ENDS
LIFE WITH A BULLET
May Peters Becomes Despondent and
Commits Suicide at Home
of Her Sister.
Miss May Peters, 24 years of age, who
lived with her mother at 16& Sanchez
street, committed suicide last night at the
home of her sister, Mrs. Clara Gerdis*.
2251 Market street.
'.Mrs. Gerdls, whose husband is a drug
gist at Kearny and Pine streets, says
May had been complaining of being sick
and went to a doctor, who said she had
heart trouble. This" worried her a great
deal and she became despondent, but she
never, spoke of taking her own life. Mrs.
Gerdls continued: -
"Last night May's mother came over to
my house and asked where May was and
if she was in the house. When I told
her no she went back home. That* was
about 8 o'clock, and at about 9 o'clock
I saw May coming down the other side of
the street and I ,went downstairs and
called to her to 'come into the house,
saying- her mother had been here and was
looking for her, but she said. 'I am
crazy,", and ran upstairs ahead of . me.
The next thing I heard was a pistol shot
and 'on reaching the top of the stain I
found May lying on the floor with a smok
ing pistol . beside her. I ran down ¦ and
told a boy to go for a doctor. He soon
returned with Dr. J. H. Soper of 347 Noe
street, who said May was dead. May
was a good girl and never drank, nor had
she anv bad habits." . . \ ,-
May Peters shot herself while standing
in front of a large mirror, with a thirty
two-caliber revolver, sending a bullet
through her right temple. . i Death must
have come- Immediately. , ¦ .
. Although Miss Peterg probably intended
taking her own life, as she brouehtthe
pistol with her to the house, she left no
word for any one. In her purse was 11 40
and a note asking her to . come and do
some sewing-.
MRS. JACOBSON SAYS
' HUSBAND. IS VIOLENT
Brings Suit for Divorce and Alleges
She Has Been Treated
Cruelly.
Mary Ellen Jacobson is suing: John
Jacobson for divorce on the ground of
cruelty, alleging that he has, almost
daily since their marriage, January 6, of
this year, treated her with violence. She
also asks permission to resume her maid
en name, Andrews.
Grace M. CDonnell, who was married
to Charles J. O'Donneir»at Helena^ Mon
tana, in August, 1890, has brought a suit
for divorce on the ground of desertion.
She alleges that her husband abandoned
her In May, 1900. : #
Edith Barnard is suing Israel M. Bar
nard, for divorce on the ground of deser
tion. They were married in December.
lt>91, and have three children. '
P. Rippey. who was married to
¦Robert H. Hlppey in June, 1899. is suipg
for divorce on the ground of desertion
She charges that Rippey left her more
than a year ago. .
A suit for divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide was filed by Susan- R
Cruess against Frank D. druess ' yester
oay. The couple were- married in'Septem
ber, 1S88. ,
Aloyes Werner is the -defendant in a
suit / for divorce brought by Margaret
Werner, to whom he was married In
January, 1889. Mrs. Werner alleges de
sertion. . - ....
were granted yesterday to
Mary Bird from Joseph Byron Bird for
desertion, Louisa Mugge from ¦ Henry
Mugge for cruelty. Alice Forest from Ed
ward Forest for desertion, Marie M
Leonard from John F. Leonard for neg
lect and Rose J. Prendergast from James
J. Prendergast . for desertion. . -t- ¦
Native Daughters' Grand Parlor."
The following programme of entertain
ment for the grand officers . of and
delegates to the Grand Parlor of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West, which
meets in this city next week,, will be car
ried out under the auspices of the Joint
committee of the local parlors: Monday
June 9. trolley ride around the city, wind
ing, up. with supper at the Cliff; Tuesday
evening, reception at. Native Sons'. Hall-
Wednesday evening, theater party-
Thursday evening, ball in Native Sons'
Hall; Friday night, installation of the
new officers, and. Saturday, trip to Mount
Tarnalpais.
Accuses Father of Fraud.
Patrick Dillon commenced suit yester
day against his father. \ Patrick Dillon,
and the. German Savings and Loan So
ciety for an accounting, alleging that the
ban,k has on deposit $2000 in the name of
Patrick Dillon Sr. which rightfully be
longs to him.' Young Dillon alleges that
he gave the -money to his father to in
vest for him and that he converted it to
his own use. ' " .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 28, 1902.
8
ADVEBTISEIEENTS.
A Most Remarkable Bemedy That
Qnickly Bestores Lost Ylgop
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarks,
bio remedy are b*ingr mailed to ajYwh^
wiU write to the State Medical Iimitut^
They cured so many men who had hat
•tied for years against the mental* and
physical sufferings of lost manhood that
tne Institute has decided to distribute rttl
trial packages to all who write, it i« f
.home treatment and all men who Hut
fer from any form of sexual weaknef.
¦resulting from youthful folly, prematSS
loss of strength and memory, weakbaelc
varicocele or emaciation of parts tin
now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly gratefni
effect of warmth and seems to act
rect to the desired location, givto»
strength and development Just where it
is needed. 11 cures all the ills and tici
bles that come from years of misuse of
the natural functions end has been an
absolute success in all cases.. A request
to the State Medical Institute, 328 Ei^
iron building, Fort "Wayne, lnd\ Ftlt"
ing that you desire one of their fre« trial
packages, wfll be complied with promnt-
ly. The Institute is desirous of reachina-
that great class of men who are un
able to leave home to be treated, and
the free samples win enable them to see
bow easy lt Is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed In a rlain
package, eo that its recipient needhavS
no rear of embarrassment or publicity
Readers «re re<iuested to witte wtthtS
¦ APVEBTISEMENTS. •
STATEMENT
OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
/York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
or sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed- as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. ~~
Cash Market Value or all Stocks and
bonds owned by Company $423,650 00
Cash in Banks 101 427 79
Interest due and accrued on "all
Stocks and Loans , j Q03 33
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tlon ••• • '. 04.404 07
Total Assets $620,565 19
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $34,946 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses 735 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $351,275 41:
reinsurance 50 per cent 175,637 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $73, «
271 07; reinsurance pro rata 42.139 43
All other Liabilities 63.135 04
Total Liabilities $306,494 07
INCOME. ~ ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums •. . .$404,813 27
Received for interest . and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 13.242 11
Total Income $418,190 38
EXPENDITURES. ¦ •
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $19,543 00. losses of pre-
vious years) ..'. $218.775 17
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ; 121,788 13
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks. «tc 3,215 CO
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes „ 11.017 41
All other payments and expenditures 3.147 64
Total Expenditures . . : .$379,923 40
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. .. .$234,4(1 IT
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $58,024,251 $661,912 88
Net amount of Risks
expired during the . -
Tear 40.177.398 460.531 13
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901.. 37.230. 49l| 424,546 48
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE, President.
EMIL G. PIEPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th.
day of February. 1902.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public
Pacific Department
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
OF THE'
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE —
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
i~|F NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
vr Tork. on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Cbde.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: - *
CAPITAI*.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np tn
cash $200,000 0O
J ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $433,750 00
Cash ia Banks te.682 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and ubans 1,168 67
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 8S.745 28
Total Assets $388,344 12
I , UABTXJTTES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ....'. 34,220 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 250 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ingr one year or less, $346,S71 11;
• reinsurance 60 per cent 173.435 58
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $70, -
160 75; reinsurance pro rata. 43.913 99
All other Liabilities 47,757 99
Total Liabilities $289,592 54
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Fire
) premiums $402 978 57
Received for interest, and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from. "
all other sources 11,788 65
Total Income J $414,775 22
* EXPENDITURES. ==
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $218,897 M
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 OO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 121,392 61
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,635 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes -, 9,607 42
All other payments and expenditures 3J707 31
Total Expenditures $381,240 00
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year $234.578 M
Rfsks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Set amount of Risks
written during the •
ea a r mount"of -Riiks WWUM «"¦" »
expired during the
y«*r -... 40.317.021 ,435,093 58
Wet amount In force .»w»w» oa
December 31. 1901.. 38,878,839 423.031 88
R. C. RATHBOJTE. President.
' EMTX. O. PIEPER. Secretary"
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7tH
day. of February. 1902. m
CHRIS. BAMBART. Notary Public
Pacific Department
C. A- HENRY & CO.; J
/ 215 Sansome Street.
San Franc isco, Cal.
\l3&&* injection. !;
|: A PERMANENT CURE I
ii p h »^^^g^-^ i :
Ji o*7« : n© other treatment required. < !
> „ ¦ Sold by all drnggigta. . - ' !
IL J)
Jf^>^ BEST FOR THE BOWELS \
»^ /5^w3^ffi*^^^^^ A CANDY J&
S U^ RA | ? I EE R CURE for «" bowel troublet, appendlcWa, blUouaneaa, bad breath, bad
blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimple*.
?±?J^ er eatIn *' Pt? 2° U £ e ' "ii n< "?.?, kln ™ d <"«*«•«• When your bowel. d'oiFt mo™
S5S.iT y °i u *i? gick * Co 0 " 1 * 1 !** 00 u »» »<»re people than all other diseases together. It
carc IbwxS Sil? 1 * 1 ?? and '^i. yeart of " uff « ri ,?«- N <» matter what ails you. start taking
1 C ASCARETS today, for you "wf If never get wall and stay well until you iet your bowels
right.;. Take our advice, start with Caacareta today under absolute cuaranteV to cure or
•Sfnty'ef^dedyThe genuine Ublet stamped C <fC. Nevt^?a^n t^Sk!^la to »|l?aiS
booklet free. Addrest Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New VorfcT yn
.: . - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' • ¦ \ \ -. ¦- ¦Numerous Boxers Are Reported to Be
SOLDIERS OF. CHINA -
¦ ' DEFEAT vREBEL .FORCES
; WASHINGTON, May 27.— A special ser
vice was held at the British Embassy to
day over the remains of Lord Pauncefote.
It was very brief and only the members
of the late Embassador 1 a family and the
embassy staff were present. Bishop Sat
terlee : and Coadjutor . Bishop Mackay
Smith officiated and read ' the prayer for
persons under affliction and other appro
priate passages provided in the Episcopal
service. . ¦¦¦ • . • ¦- -•• i ¦
Funeral Service at an Embassy.
Negro Murderer Is Hanged.
PHILADELPHIA, May. 27.— William
Harmon Lane! colored, was hanged at
10:08 o'clock this morning. On. the morn
ing of April 1 Lane shot and killed Ella
Jarden, by whom he was employed as a
servant, and her two daughters, Made
lalne, aged 12, and Eloise, aged 7. Lane
had stolen money from his employer and
fearing the consequences of his thefts
he deliberately murdered the woman and
her daughters. _, ¦
DETROIT, May 27.— Judge Donovan to
day gave the Union Trust Company, as
receiver for the wrecked City Savings
Bank, permission to sell the Mammoth,
Confidence, Defender, Oak Brush and
Fraction mines, with the ores' and all
their personal property, for $2500. They
are situated in Salt Lake County, Utah,
and were turned over to the bank by its
former vice president, Frank C. Andrews.
The petition states ¦ that their value is
uncertain and that It would take many
thousands of dollars to duplicate them.
An offer of $2500 had been made and the
receiver thought it • a good bargain.
Receiver Sells Utah. Mines.
Martin Family Troubles.
George Martin was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Fritz
yesterday on the charge of asault to
commit murder. It is alleged that Mar
tin went to the house of his sister, Mrs.
Marie Dorfler. at 907 Harrison street, on
May 13, when a dispute arose over family
affairs and he drew a" revolver and point
ed it at his sister. L. P. Watkin of 2572
Lombard street, who was present. Jumped
for the revolver and was shot In the
hand.
Grand Jury in Session.
At the meeting of the Grand Jury yes
terday members of the Board of PubUo
Works were called up to explain the
many - permits granted for bootblack
stands wh'ich are on public property, the
city receiving only a small tax, while
the property owners collect large rents
from the owners of the stands.
The Grand Jury also Investigated the
Levlngs case and Grover Klemmer, -E. S.
Salomon and Levlngs were called. Their
testimony was the same as given before
the Police Commissioners. . •
Fears Wife Killed Herself.
Elbert Case, a paper hanger residing at
2 Grove street, reported to the police last
night that he fears his wife has com
mitted euicide. Case says that when he
returned home from work last night he
found a note from her saying that she
was going to take the 6:30 boat to Oakland
and Jump overboard. The police began an
Investigation but so far have found no
trace of the missing woman.
Pay a Fraternal Visit.
About thirty members of the .Past Arch
Association of the United Ancient Order
of Druids paid a fraternal visit last night
to Hesperian Grove No. 15 in Druids' Hall.
The meeting was addressed by D. Barn
man, president of the visiting association;
Secretary James F. Martinoni, Treasurer
E. Maglniss and a number of the mem
bers, after which there was an adjourn
ment to the banquet hall. Many of . the
grove made short remarks for the good of
the order. .1
Wrenches Woman's Arm.
Ella Hoffman and Bruno Lewandoski,
living at 33 Taylor . street, had a quarrel
early yesterday morning' and Bruno,
claiming he was assailed by the woman,
twisted her arm and wrenched it at tho
elbow. The injured woman was treated
at the Emergency Hospital and the man
was locked up on a charge of mayhem.
Mains' Sentence Is Postponed.
Charles R. Mains, convicted of ' using
the mails with intent to defraud, appeared
for sentence yesterday in the United
States District Court. On his motion,
sentence was postponed until to-morrow,
at which time he will file a motion for
a new trial. .
Death of a Veteran.
Michael McDonald, a veteran of the
Mexican War and an inmate of Santa
Monica Veterans' Home, who was badly
injured at/the Oakland mole a week ago
last Wednesday while on his way to visit
San Francisco, died at the City and Coun
ty Hospital yesterday.
HELD FOR GRAND LARCENY.— J. W. Mc-
Wllliams. alias brothers, was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Mogan yee
terday on a charge of grand larceny (or steal
ing a case of cigars from M. A. Gunst & Co.,
en May 2. His bonds were fixed at $2000. It
was out of this case that the charge of at
tempted extortion hs . been brought against
Policeman L. L. LevlnKs. - .
t ONE TEAR FOR t. BURGLARY.— James
Flannery, who pleaded guilty to ¦ burglary in
the second degree, was yesterday sentenced
by Judge. Dunne 'to one -year's imprisonment
In San Quentln. He broke. Into the Electric
Laundry on. March 17 and stole a lot of cloth
ing. X . ' "'
Kills His Sweetheart First.
CHICAGO, May 27.— Emil . Rossman,
aged 19 years, last night shot and killed
his sweetheart. . Sophia Battal, I aged 17,
and then shot himself. i It is 1 believed he
will die. The girl and Rossman; came
to Chicago two months. ago from .Bo
hemia, where they had been sweethearts.
Tho girl's aunt opposed. the /union. ; They,
disappeared Sunday night and to-day
they were found ; lying side by side. under
the sidewalk on the west, side. '
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 27.— Van T
couver defeated the University of Califor
nia baseball nine this * afternoon. Score
4 to 2. ...'.¦ : •¦ ¦.¦¦;"¦...'.'; '" -.;,;.; .- ..
Berkeley Baseball Nine Loses.
LONGS STORE, CEDAR CANYON,
Wash., May 27.— A stampede to-day to a
ledge on the Spokane reservation, from
Deer Trail Camp, -caused considerable
excitement. Fifteen or twenty men, most
ol them employes of the Deer Trail
mines, believing the reservation woul4
be thrown open to settlement by Presi
dential proclamation before June 1, en
gaged every available horse and raced
for a point near Sand Creek, about six
miles east from Deer Trail,. 1 where there
is said to be a great mineral showing.
It is said assays of rock from that •lo
cality showed 200 ounces of silver to the
ton The ledge may be traced for a mile.
Seven locations have already been made,
so about all the' lead, according to sur
face showings, is taken up. It is not
known if the Indian police have removed
the interlopers from tfye reservation.
tion That Lands Will Be
'Opened to Settlers.
Take Up Mining Claims in Anticipa-
PROSPECTORS ' STAMPEDE '
TO INDIAN RESERVATION
John Borda and Manuel Dallerino be
came engaged in a quarrel .yesterday
afternoon at the corner of Kearny street
and Broadway. . Dallerino, who is sus
pected of having committed .several, as
saults with the knife, cut Borda a severe
gash on the face and throaC The injured
man wa6 taken to the Harbor Hospital,
where the wounds were dressed, but later
his condition was such that it was found
necessary to send him to the Central
Hospital. Dallerino escaped. The police
suspect that he took the boat for Stock
ton. The authorities of that city have
been notified to keep a lookout for him.
Stabbed During a Quarrel.
The officers o'f the society are: Presi
dent, A. Redecker; vice president, H.
Jurgens; recording secretary. Max Lenge
feld; financial secretary. C. Paul: treas
urer. H. P. Petersen; trustees, N. Ludwig,
J. Steffen and T. Dahse; sergeant-at
arms. J. Bender; captain, A. Frahke;
first lieutenant, G. Brann; second lieuten
ant. G. Hetzel; first sergeant, K, Wege
mann; second sergeant, M. Lengefeld.
Krieger Verein to Picnic.
Kext Sunday. June 1, the German Krle
ger Vereln, a military and benevolent so
ciety, will hold its annual outing at Sun
set Park, Santa Cruz Mountains^ and
everything possible will be done to make
the occasion a success. The vice presi
dent, *H.~ Jurgens; is the chairman of the
committee In charge of the arrangements.
The excursion will leave the ferry at 9:15
a. m. The German Krieger Verein, which
was organized in 18&4 from ex-soldiers of
the German army, has been growing
steadily in numbers and influence. Among
its members are many men well known
in the business, circles of the dtv:
CASHIER MUST SERVE
TEN YEARS ,IN PRISON
Montana Defaulter to Pay the Pen
alty for Having Taken a
Bank's Money.
' HELENA, Mont., May . 27.— Herbert H.
Matteson, the defaulting cashier of the
First National Bank of Great Falls, who
pleaded guilty yesterday to the first
count in the indictment returned against
him -last* week by the \ Federal Grand
Jury, was this morning sentenced to ten
years In the penitentiary by Judge
Knowles.; ..There weye ninety* counts in
the- indictment,- and..<? the-'* eighty-nine
charges remaining were dismissed by the
United States' District .Attorney.
The charge to which Matteson pleaded
guilty alleged that he had made a false
report to the Comptroller of the Curren
cy as to the condition of the bank for the
period that ended September 30 last. -In
that report, which was made October 10,
Matteson swore that the bank had to its
credit in the hands of its reserve agents
$275,098 81, when as a matter of fact it
had only $37,098 81. Matteson, at the time
of his (jonfesslon, December 26 last, was
short- $196,000. He lost the money in
speculation.
Two mechanics while at jwork. on the
construction of new buildings met :with
serious mishaps yesterday, which in both
cases may end fatally. ¦ .
The first of the unfortunate men to be
taken to the Emergency Hospital was L.
Green, a metal roofer, who fell ¦ from the
second story of a structure in coure of
completion at 1310 Taylor street. He sus
tained several abrasions and lacerated
wounds of the head and body, with a pos
sible fracture of the skull.
The second injured man was Lyle Mc-
Kee, a carpenter living at 7785 Ellis street.
McKee fell five stories through a light
well in a building - at the corner of Van
Ness avenue and Turk street. It was
found that he had sustained a fracture of
the skull.
Two Mechanics .Are Badly Injured.
Carriages were then taken and the vis
itors and Government and city officials
were driven to reviewing stands, where
they witnessed the parade' of the New
York National Guard and the American
and French sailors ! from the warships.
The reviewing stand had been erected in
Madison-square Park, on the Fifth-ave
nue side. It was prettily decorated . and
surrounding it were detachments of the
Veteran Artillery Corps of 1812. An im
mense throng had gathered in the park
as the detachments of sailors from the
French warship Gaulois and the vessels
composing the American squadron- march
ed up Fifth avenue and took positions
facing the platform. Next came the mem
bers of the Rochambeau mission, Em
bassador ' Cambon and his * suite, - the
French naval and army officials, the rep
resentatives of the French Consulate
here, Mayor Low, Controller Grout, the
members of the Board of Aldermen and
o|her city officials.
After Count Rochambeau, Vice Admiral
Fournier, Generals Brugere and De Cha
lendar and Embassador Cambon had ta
ken positions" on. each side of Mayor Low
under the canopy at the front of tho
stand. Major General Roe and his staff
rode past at the head of the parade of
the citizen soldiery of New York City.
The brigade officers followed . next with
Squadrons A and C close behind; The dif
ferent regiments in the First Brigade, led
by the Twenty-second, followed one: after
another In rapid marching order. Then
came the Second Brigade and the naval
militia. The parade was an hour and a
half in passing the stand, and 35,000 men
took part in it. Count Rochambeau ex
pressed himself as highly pleased with
th<» dtsDlay made by the citizen soldiery.
The French delegates were the guests
of honor to-night at a banquet given at
the Waldorf-Astoria by members of the
Order of the Cincinnati in commemora
tion Of the victories of the American and
French forces In the War of Independ
ence and of the Institution of the. order.
Toward the close of the banquet General
de Chalendar was j seized with f aintness
and was escorted from the hall. Some
.alarm was felt, but the general soon re
vived and declared that he was merely
overcome by the fatigue of \ the day.
Arriving at the City Hall, the French
men were formally welcomed to the city
by Mayor Low and President Fornes of
the Board of Aldermen. Among those in
the Mayor's room were Embassador Por
ter, former Secretary of the Interior Cor
jielius P. Bliss\ former Mayor Robert A.
Van Wyck and a number of city officials.
As the Aldermanic committee came in
the visitors were presented to the mem
bers of it and all adjourned to the Coun
cil chamber, which was crowded'with city
officials. The Frenchmen were presented
to President Fornes, who welcomed them
in behalf of the Board of Aldermen. The
• visitors were then shown to seats, and
Mayor Low made the welcoming address.
The clerk of the board then read the reso
lutions adopted by the Aldermen j April
29, In which they requested the Mayor to
extend the courtesies of the city to the
French visitors. Following this Embas
sador Cambon replied to the Mayor's ad
dress of welcome. .
NEW YORK, May 27.— Count de Ro
chambeau and the others of the party of
the French delegates,* after passing most
of the day/ in journeying to West Point
and reviewing the. cadets there, arrfved
in this city shortly before 4 o'clock in
the afternoon. They came down the Hud
son on the United States dispatch boat
Dolphin. As the Dolphin steamed up to
the Battery salutes were fired. A recep
tion committee met the party # at the
barge office. Lined up at the Dupont dock
were one hundred bluejackets from the
Gaulois, with their band, and about dou
ble that number of United States sailors
from the Kearsarge • and Alabama.' All
carried rifles and bayonets. A large
crowd stood in a pouring rain and wit
nessed the debarkation, cheering the vis
itors as they proceeded to carriages, and,
escorted by the military and a platoon of
mounted police, were -driven to the City
Hall. From the sidewalks on Broadway
the party was welcomed with the cheers
and acclamations of thousands. Countess
de Rochambeau absented herself from the
procession.
Cadets at West Point.
Count de* Rochambeau Reviews the
HONORS FOB DELEGATES.
Says the - New'; ? York feurgeon's
Disco very Ranks .With, the Great- I
est Achievements .of , Medi
cal Scientists, jj ; . '
Dr. Fralick may conduct experiments In
Los Angeles. He came here at the urgent
solicitation of persons of prominence who
desire him to labor in this city for a time.
If agreeable to the regular medical pro
fession, the doctor may comply with these
requests. ' * • .
Euthuslastlc citizens of 'Phoenix have
offered to build and equip for Dr. Fralick
a sanitarium that is to be. the most com
plete institution of its kind in the world.
Mr. Goebel declares the Fralick discov
ery to be the greatest of the age, ranking
in, importance with Harvey's discovery
or the circulation of the blbod. When cer
tain details are known, Dr. Frallck will
give his formula to the world. Six to
eight treatments are accorded each case,
although patients have been discharged
as cured after three treatments, results
obtained in the severe winter climate of
New York. " . ¦
Mr. Goebel says Dr. Frallck introduces
a fluid directly into the blood channels
by opening a vein. From four to twenty
ounces of the fluid is introduced in every
infuslon, the injections being given from
three to eight weeks apart, depending
upon the case that is being treated. There
is no discomfort in taking the treatment
It is claimed that the first contact will
destroy the germs and the second will
remove them completely. \A
Dr. Fralick's method was tried in Phoe
nix about two weeks ago and the ex
periment, the first attempted outside of
New York City, is said to have been suc
cessful in all details.' ! M
LOS ANGELES, May 27.— Justus Goebel
of. Covington,! Ky., brother , of ; the late
Governor of that State, is here for a brief
visit. Accompanying Mr. Goebel - is Dr.
Wilfred G. Frallck, aneminent New York
surgeon, whose intravenous infusion* meth
od-ior arresting the progress of tubercu
losis has created a medical sensation. Dr.
Fralick will not discuss his method, for
newspaper publication," but Mr. Goebel,
who has benefited from the treatment, is
loud in his. praise of the efficacy of the
Fralick theory. ~. \ ' ¦' • , :
Special Disnatch to The Call.
Noted Kentuckian Declares
His Own Condition Is
• Much Improved.
The accident occurred just as the head
of the parade had passed the corner. The
French visitors had gone past, and knew
nothing of the accident until some time
later. Troop C had just ridden by and
the Twenty-second Regiment was passing
when the crash came. The officers in
command at once gave the order to break
ranks and fifty militiamen were detailed
to the work of rescue.
NEW YORK, May 27.— Elvln L. Cool-
s idge, 'circulation, manager of the .New
York Commercial, was almost Instantly
killed and about 100 other persons wera
injured this evening by the breaking of a
temporary sidewalk at Fifth avenue and
Eighteenth street. Some of those injured
may. die. Those who fell were part of the
crowd gathered to watch' the parade in
honor of the visit of the French Rocham
beau Commission to this city.
Two thousand persons were on the side
walk when it gave way. They were pre
cipitated twenty feet into an excavation
for a new building and fell on piles of
building material. Considering the nature
of the accident and the number of per
sons in it the hospital surgeons express
surprise at the fact that so few received
injury. Many were able to go, directly
home after having their injuries treated
by the ambulance surgeons.
Those taken to the hospitals and who
sustained the severest injuries are: George
Essing, patrolman, scalp -wound and
shock; James J. Kelley, detective ser
geant attached to Inspector Thompson's
staff, scalp wound and shock, and pos
sible internal injuries; M. J. McManus,
patrolman, three ribs broken and con
tusions; Charles Werner, contusions of
body and internal injuries.
Coolidge, who was killed, received a
fracture of the skull. Coolidge had served
on the staff of the Boston Journal and
the Boston Globe, and had been con
nected with several city papers during his
stay in this city.
Early in the afternoon the police became
suspicious of the strength of the side
walk and a detail for hours kept tha
crowd from collecting on it." But as the
time for the parade to pass came near tho
crowd became unmanageable and in spite
of force on the part of the police crowded
bn to the forbidden sidewalks and there
stayed until the breaking of the support
landed. them in the excavation. The Cor
oner ordered the arrest of Contractor
Cowan, and of J. G. Miller, the sub
contractor. . '
Resolved, That the compensation of said di
rector shall be $200 per month, beginning with
the date of his acceptance of the position un
less otherwise specified by resolution of the
board. ' ¦
Resolved, That the management of the in
stitution, in accordance with the, rules and
policies approved by the board of . trustees,
shall be vested In a principal officer, . whose
title shall be "director of the California Poly
technic School," to hold office during the
pleasure of the board. It shall be the duty of
said director to maintain discipline, to super
vise instruction ttnd to participate therein so
far as found practicable, to keep accurate ac
counts of receipts and expenditures and con
duct the business of the school in ac
cordance with the methods Drescrlbed by
the board: to examine into the quali
fications, characters and ' suitability of ap
plicants for election- as instructors and other
employes of the board: to nominate persons
for election to the various positions created by
the board; to temporarily suspend and imme
diately report to the board any incumbent of
such position guilty of gross dereliction of
duty or- willful insubordination; to submit to
the board at each regular meeting a detailed
report on the operations of the Institution and
to make recommendations for its future opera
tion: In' short, to do everything within his
power for the promotion of the work and In
terests of the school. • .
Trustee Wickson proposed the following
outline of the duties of the director, which
was unanimously adopted:
Trustee Kirk nominated Leroy Ander
son for the position of director of the
school and he was elected without a dfs
senting vote. In his nominating speech
Kirk dwelt at length on Professor Ander
son's experience and fitness for the posi
tion. He told of the splendid services
rendered the fanners of this State by
Anderson's lectures and of the class of
work he has done in the past at the uni
versities of Cornell and California.
During the 'session F. A. Hihn, chair
man of a special committee on. the selec
tion of a site, presented a deed, duly exe
cuted by Dawson Lowe, a, wealthy resi
dent of San Luis Obispo," for about 280
acres of land for a consideration of
$7109 30. Upon this tract of land, situated
about a mile north if the city of San Luis
Obispo, is to be 1 established the California
Polytechnic School.
Professor Leroy Anderson of the Uni
versity of California was on Monday last"
elected director of the California Poly
technic School, which was provided for by
act of the last Legislature, His selection
was made at a meeting of the boai-i
of trustees of the new institution, held
at the Palace Hotel. The meeting was
presided over by S. C. Smith of- Bakers
field. Among those present were Trus
tees T. J. Kirk, Sacramento; E. A. Hihn,
Santa Cruz; W. M. John, San Luis Obis
po, and E. J. Wickson, Berkeley.
After the regular business had been dis
posed of the •board went into executive
session. In secret the appointment of
lieutenants was discussed, but nothing
definite arrived at. Chief Wittman pre
sented his plan for placing the depart
ment on an eight-hour basis, and hi3
specifications were found to be satisfac
tory. The watches will be from 7 a. m.
to 3 p.m. 3 p.m. until 11 p. m. and 11 p.
m. until 7 a. m. The first watch will be
supplied by about one-fifth of the officers,
and the last two, or night watches, will
consist of two-fifths of the officers each.
Any vio'ation of this ordinance or of any of
the provisions thereof shall constitute a mis
demeanor and shall be punishable by a fine
of not more than $500 or by Imprisonment In
the County Jail for a term not exceeding six
months, or by both fine and imprisonment.
No person, firm or corporation shall sell,
furnish or cive away any spirituous, vinous,
malt or mixed intoxicating liquors In any drug
store in the city and county of San Francisco
without first obtaining « permit therefor from
the Board of Police Commissioners and procur
isig a license therefor and paying the herein
mentioned rate of license.
Provided, That no drug store having & license
hereunder shall make any display of any spirit
uous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating liq
uors in any showwindow facing upon any public
«ieet, court or alley in said city and county
of San Francisco, or in any conspicuous place
in or about the premises open to public view,
cr furnish, sell or give away spirituous, vinous,
trait or mixed intoxicating liquors to be drunk
or consumed on the premises.
• • • That the rate of license for en
gfc£ing in the business of carrying on and con
ducting a drug store where spirituous, vinous,
malt or mixed intoxicating liquors are sold,
furnished or given away for medicinal purposes
only, not to be consumed upon the premises
w 'htr» sold, furnished or griven away In sealed
1 aokaeee and in quantities of not lees than
four ounces, shall be $5 per quarter annum,
payable quarterly in advance on the date of
the issuance of each license.
The Commissioners decided to present
the following bill regarding the sale of
liquor in drugstores to the Board of Su
pervisors, with a recommendation that it
be passed:
Policeman John C. Laws, who was ac
cused of allowing a prisoner to escape,
was exonerated by the board. During the
trial of the case Chief Wittman took oc
casion to denounce the system of obliging
•"trusties" to do the work around the po
lice stations. The Chief stated that an
officer was required to watch each man
performing such work and that $100 per
month was paid to such policemen.
Worthy janitors could be employed to do
the same work for $75 a month.
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers last evening the case of Patrolman
•Leroy Levingrs, who is charged with at
tempted extortion, was continued until
Thursday afternoon .at 3 o'clock. At that
hour the Commissioners will take the tes
timony of Mrs. Darling, one of the prin
cipal witnesses, at the residence of the
latter, she being ill and unable to attend
the public meeting* of the board. As soon
as Mrs. Darling's testimony is secured
the testimony for the defense will be in
troduced.
Recommends a Payment of
License by the City's. V.
Pharmacies.
Frail Timbers Break During
the Rochambeau Pro
! .
* cession.
San Luis Obispo Is Selected
as Site for the State
Institution.
Justus Gbebel Tells of
Fralick's Method of V
Treatment.. .
Cbe Killed and Many
Hurt in a ¦ New
York Disaster..
Berkeley Man Is Chosen
Head of New Poly
technic School.
Police Commission Op
poses Display of
L quors.
CLAIMS NEW
CURE STAYS
CONSUMPTION
DRUGGISTS MAY
BE RESTRICTED
TRUSTEES ELECT
LEROY ANDERSON
CROWD TOPPLES
WITH SIDEWALK
As soon as the pending suits are dis
missed the taxes due, $4700, will be paid
Into the city treasury. The additional tax
on the increased assessment amounted to
$3400. The property owners' announcement
is signed by Fred Kahn and P. J. von Ix>
pen Bel"-- ,
OAKLAND, May 27.— The Washington
street property owners who resisted suc
cessfully in^ the courts, the attempted
raise of city assessments have, formally
announced their acceptance of the City
Council's offer to compromise the litiga
tion by payment of taxes on- the original
assessments at a $1 14 rate instead of
$1 29, the additional 13 cents being above
the charter limitation. - »
Clty Council's Offer to Settle on Basis
of Original Assessment Is
AppToved.-
PROPERTY OWNERS
ACCEPT COMPROMISE
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Licenses to marry
were issuedl to-day to Andrew J. Holm,
aged 34 years, and Sophie M. Johansen,
30, both of Berkeley:' Norman F. Turner,
25, and Esther E. Wilson*, 23, both of Oak
land; John F. O. McMath, over 21, and
Myrtle B. Titzell, over 18, both of Oak
land; John Nelson, over 21, and Elin M.
Srlp, over 18, both of Oakland; Stuart, F.
Smith, 32, and Merle M. Morrison, 24, both
of Oakland. . /
OAKLAND, May 27. — Commencement
exercises were held last evening at Miss
Horton's School. The Invocation was-de
livered by the Rev. James Hulme and
was followed by a piano' solo by George
E. King, '02. The Glee Club gave a
selection, which preceded a vocal solo by
Miss Lita Schlessinger. The address of
th6 evening was by the Rev. Charles R.
Brown, pastor of the First Congregation
al Church. The clergyman's theme was
"The Law of Gain and of Use." He said
dui-lng his remarks: "Learn. to do. Do
not be satisfied with having graduated
from a prominent college and being- a
member of a fraternity. The law of
gain used without the law of use la
worthless, but let the two be used to
gether.""
Miss Horton presented diplomas to
George Ernest ¦ King, Gertrude Wllhel
mlne Moller, LJta Schles3inger • and Al
berta Maud Sherman.
From the Rev. Charles
: R. Brown.
Graduates Listen to Words of Advica
CLOSING EXERCISES
AT MISS HORTON'S
ARRIVED.
" . . • Tuesday, May 27.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, 28 hours from Eureka. •
SAILED.
. Tuesday, May 17.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
. .. DOMESTIC . PORTS.
PORTLAND— Cleared May 27— Br ship Lord
Shaftesbury, for Queenstown, with 131.050
bushels of wheat. • . . •
Sailed May ; 27 — Stmr jColumbla, for San
— Sailed May \27 — G«r ship Carl,
for TslnKtau; Btmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco.
; OCEAN STEAMERS. .
LONDON— Arrived May 27 — Stmr Mesaba,
from New York. • * t
• NEW -YORK — Arrived May 27 — Stmr Gros
ser Kurfurst, from Bremen and Southampton;
stmr Nomadic, .from Liverpool. ; .
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived May . 27*— Stmr
Belgenland, from .Liverpool and Queenstown.
Late Shipping' Intelligence.
LONG BEACH,. May 27.— C. F. A. John
son, former Mayor of Long Beach, suc
cumbed to a long Illness early to-day. He
left a wife, two daughters— Mrs. Louise
Selfridge of Boston and Mrs. Arthur
Wheelock of Riverside— and a son in San
Diego County. Mr. Johnson was of Purl
tan descent, tracing his lineage back to
Epes Sergeant, who. came to America on
the Mayflower.
C. F. A. Johnson.
It was reported from Paris, April 20,
that the Marchioness de la Roziere gave
birth to twin boys April 19.
WASHINGTON, May 27.— The Cabinet
epent much time to-day In discussing two
important measures— the : Indian appro
priation and omnibus claims bills. Both
were found to contain objectionable items,
hut these, after full discussion, were de
cided to be of trivial importance com
pared with the other, features of the. bill.
Both measures were signed by the Presi
dent. ' ¦ ¦
President Signs Two Bills.
PARIS, May 27.— Edith, Marchioness de
la Roziere, the daughter of Frederic
Tilghman of New York, died at her resi
dence to-day.
Marchioness de la Roziere.
PITTSBURG, May • 27.— Commissioners
to the forty-fourth annual meeting of the
General Assembly of the. United States
Presbyterian Church of North America,
which convenes In Allegheny to-morrow
night, began their preliminary meeting
this morning. One of the most important
matters will be the report of the commit
tee on membership. There is an element
in the- church opposed to the purpose for
which the committee was appointed
moderating somewhat the terms of recep
tion into the church. There are many in
the church who believe that scores of peo
ple who are outside the church would be
Inside were it not for the rigid exactions
of membership. . ¦
Exactions Are Too Rigid.
Kelly is alleged to nave obtained sev
eral contracts for printing from the city
through fictitious concerns, inf violation
of the city' ordinance which specifies that
no contract shall be let to any city office
holder or | to any firm in , which a city
office-holder is interested. - ¦
Charles Kelly of St. I/ouis Is Accused
of Misconduct In
• V Office.
' ST. LOUIS; Mo., May 27.— Deputy sher
iffs with a bench warrant. Issued at the
instance of the Grand Jury, searched un
availingly to-night for Charles P. Kelly,
a member and former Speaker of the
House of Delegates. The charge against
him is misconduct 1 In office.- .•-¦•-
OFFICERS ARE SEEKING,.
A PROMINENT POLITICIAN"
• AL.AMEDA, May 27.-While the hard
working shipwrights and railroad men
who room at the Bay View lodging-house,
at Alameda Point', slept blissfully and
snored loudly/ last night a bold ..burglar
ransacked the building from, top to bot
tom and made off with $70 In coin, several
watches and bed sheets and an assort
ed collection of collar buttons. The thief
met with no difficulty in entering the
rooms of the lodgeys, who 'are nearly all
addicted to the honest and healthful
habit of sleeping with their room doors
open. He found most of them in and
resting peacefully. The busy burglar did
not disturb their slumbers. He selected
whatever was handy and good- to steal.
In trying to make his way out of the
room of Thomas Thompson, after holding
up and going through the pantaloons
owned by that gentleman, the thief fell
over a chair and awakened t.he sleeper.
Thompson declares that the burglar
thereupon ordered him at the point of a
pistol to duck his head 'under the blank
ets, where it was cosy and comfortable
and not so dangerous. avers
that -he Instantly obeyed orders, ducked
and forgot to ask any questions.
When Thompson heard the thief depart
by the front door route he arose, aroused
some of the other lodgers and organized
a posse to pursue the man with the loot.
The burglar was followed to the railroad
yards at Alameda Point and there all
trace of him was lost. , The sheets were
found to-day hidden in a box car. - City
Marshal John Conrad is inclined to be
lieve that the thief got out of town on an
early freight train this morning.
ALONG THE COAST
Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 27.
Alexander Young Jr., son of the million
aire Hawaiian sugar planter of that
name, lias elected not to contest the suit
for divorce that was begun against him
recently by his wife, Blanche Emily
Young. The ten days in which he could
have filed an answer to the suit expired
to-day without a move from his direction.
In consequence a default was entered
against him on the record, and now the
case will be turned over to the Court
Commissioner to hear the plaint of the
wife. . .
The Court Commissioner is destined to
htar a story from the injured wife that
will tell of mental anguish due to the al
leged-incompatibility of the husband. She
does not complain of personal violence,
only little things that made marriage
with the sugar planter's son unbearable.
She asks for the custody of the two chil
dren.
Lulu M. Season began suit to-day
against Kmlle Besson on the ground of
cruelty. She charges that he often, cam*
home intoxicated and proceeded to make
things warm for herself and the two chil
dren. Once he struck her with a bottle
and another time he dragged her by the
hair and beat the children so that the po
lice had to be called.
. Judge Greene divorced C!m$a A. Mellus
from Ernest P. Mellus on toe ground of
cruelty. She alleges that he gambled and
&mcked cigarettes Incessantly. She testi
fied that on one occasion he locked the
family out of doors and forced them to
sleep elsewhere..
H. J. Simons was granted a divorce
from Christine Simons on the ground of
cruelty. They could not get along togeth
er and a series of quarrels forced them to
separate.
Anna Schmidt was denied a divorce
from C. J. Schmidt by Judge Hall on the
ground of insufficiency of evidence. They
became reconciled several times after sep
arations before finally discovering that
they were incompatible.
EMERYVILLE WATER
3 BATES ABE
Trustees Fix New Charges That Meet
All of the Demands of
« - Corporation.
OAKLAND. May 27.— The Emeryville
Town Trustees have established new wat
er rates In that town which can, be so.
Juggled by the Contra Costa Water Com
pany that an Increase of 80 per cent
over present figures can be collected.
The company secures : a meter rate of
27 cents a hundred cubic feet, or 36 cents
a thousand gallons, which is IS cents a
thousand more than the present
rate. The, minimum charge for water by
meter will be $150 instead of $125 as at
present. The company Is given the privi
lege of metering a dwelling, and charging
at meter rates after thirty days' notice.
The ordinance falls to impose any pen
alty for collection of rates greater than
the law. provides. It is also left optional
with the company to enforce a meter rate
or a fiat rate against the consumer. The
ordinance was passed because* the water
company had threatened suit against the
town unless its demands were met.
¦ » »
Moore Estate Contest Compromised.
OAKLAND, May 27.— A compromise
ended the contest of the will of the late
Joseph Moore to-day, a dismissal having
been filed by the attorneys for the con
testing son. Charles H. Moore, who
claimed that his father's mind had been
poisoned against him by his brothers and
sisters. The brothers and sisters thought
it best to save trouble and; avoid scandal
by sharing with their brother, and an
agreement was quickly reached. Tho
terms of the settlement are not stated.
! LOS ANGELES, May 27.— Rails for the con
struction of 200 miles of double track electric
railway have been ordered by the Los Angeles
and the Pacific electric companies.
LOS ANGELES, May 27.-— Charles Murphy,
a 17-year-old lad of Palmdale, was to-day sen
tenced to two years' imprisonment in San
Quentln for robbing the United States malls.
EVERETT, Wash.. May 27. — Dr. Desoto of
Seattle and William. B. Riley and John J.
Habecker of Philadelphia have been granted
franchises to build trolley lines throughout Sno
homish County. . . .. .. \
. BAKERSFIELD, May 27. — The five-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. N". Bailache fell into
a tub of boiling: water and lye last evening and
was so severely scalded that death resulted this
morning.
CORNING. May 27. — Charlie Brown, the 13
year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Brown of
Corning, was accidentally shot through the
head by a young companion yesterday and died
this morning. . .
"WHATCOM. 'Wash.. May 27.— The police
have arrested Bud Cox and John Harrig-an,
who answer the description of the . men who
shot Policeman Peterson and Thomas Barger in
a saloon In Falrhaven yesterday. Policeman
Peterson cannot live.
SAN DIEGO, May 27.— The training ship
Alert left this afternoon for Santa Crux and
Puget Sound. Instead of passing Baa Fran
cisco, as was Intended, she will run up to
Mare Island for coal and provisions, remaining
there two or three days.
LOS ANGELES, May 27. — Arrangements
have been made by . the Southern Pacific to
place California cantaloupes on the Eastern
markets ¦ in competition with the Rockyf ord
melons. A daily service of refrigerator cars,
to run east on passenger train schedule time,
¦will be srovided.
TACOMA, May 27. — The body of the young
man which was found in the brush south of tha
city -reservoir yesterday with a bullet through
the brain and a revolver in one hand has been
Identified as that of Arthur Sandquist. who had
worked for a few. months In the Tacsma Mill
Company's sawmill.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Threaten to Contest Uncle's "Will.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Two nieces of the
late Moritz Marks, who died leaving an
estate worth; $30,000, threaten to contest
his wlH because they were left nothing.
They are Misses Belle and Jennie Sam
uels, daughters of Mrs. A. L. Samuels, &
sister of the deceased, who was left J500.
Another sister, Mrs. Aaron, was given
$10,000 and the nieces claim that she un
duly Influenced the old man against them
and their mother. ~
PHILADELPHIA,. May 27. — Five hundred
damask weavers went on strike here to-day for
higher wages, closing: a number of mills.
NEW YORK. May 27.— Fire to-day in the
terminal warehouse at Sixty-sixth street and
12Sth avenue caused a loss of 9150,000 to
building and contents.
MANCHESTER, Va.. May 27.— The boiler of
a freight locomotive on the Atlantic Coast Line
exploded to-day, killing Robert G. "Wlthmey,
engineer, and probably fatally injuring- five
trainmen. E
DENVER, Colo., May 27, — The Tin and Po
lice Board of this city to-day issued Instruc
tions to Ch'^f of Police Armstrong- to close
all wine rooms and to enforce the ordinance ex.
eluding women from saloons.
CHICAGO, ' May 27.— Fiva men suspected
with knowledge of the* attempted murder of
Daniel Hill, the wealthy Board of Trade man.
In his home here Sunday night, were arrested
to-day. They could not be identified, however,
and all were released.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
Captain Dies of Cholera.
MANILA, May 27.-Capta!n Charles
Russell, of the Eighth Infantry, Is dead.
He was the first officer; to die of cholera.
There have been twenty-five cases of
cholera and twenty deaths among the
Americans and thirteen cases- and tea
deaths among the European population.
The cholera totals to date are: Manila,
1165 cases and 933 deaths; provinces, 50tu
cases and 2S73 deaths.
Capital to the amount of $20,000,000 Is ia
Texas invested in the rice fields.
S. S. Dickinson, the agent of the cable
company which Is preparing to ' lay a
cable to Honolulu from San Francisco, is
still making investigations to find a suit
able landing for the cable .here. He has
found the approaches to sinore such as
make the landing difficult. Xhe reefs rise
very precipitously from the-^ great ocean
depths between the islands, and enter
ing channels are hard to find. Dickinson
is still making surveys of the various
beaches and reefs, and has not yet de
cided where he will recommend that the
cable ibe landed.
Bishop Alfred Willis of Honolulu, who
has just retired after thirty years' ser
vice as the Episcopal Bishop here, has
accepted an invitatio*n to go to Tonga,
where he will establish a church. The
Bishop has just been presented .with an
elaborate memorial by members of his
congregation and with a beautiful en
graved golden ¦ cross by • students of lo
lanl College, which he has not only con
ducted but has largely _ supported for
many years.
The quarantine island controversy hav
ing been settled by a compromise in Ha
waii, which was confirmed in Washing
ton, a quarantine station will soon be
raided to a status in keeping with the
commercial importance ' of this port and
its situation as a regular coaling place
for the transports of the United States
army. The. idea of removing the quar
antine station to Pearl Harbor has been
abandoned;
Assistant "United States '* Attorney J. J.
Dunne has received instructions 'from the
solicitor and acting attorney of the
United. States to prepare for his depart
ure .. to San Francisco to represent the
United States in the Pearl Harbor suits,
which have to be fought out in the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
The two trials here have been in' charge
of Attorney Dunne, and as ¦ the. Federal
authorities concur .in his action ¦ they
deem it best that he should represent
the Government in the higher court.
Admiral Merry had not been feeling
well tor some aays and at last found it
impossible, to attend to his - duties of
commandant of the naval station so that
he was compelled to remain at home.
Admiral Merry is totally blind. He. is
suffering from, a severe ; attack of ery
sipelas and the disease attacked his eyes.
The constant attendance of a physician
and a trained nurse are necessary at his
home' where the admiral lies in a pre
carious condition.
j Last year $150,000 ; was borrowed, half
each from the Spreckels Bank and the
Bank of Hawaii. It will also be neces
sary to borrow from the banks this year,
in addition to what is received from the
treasury ; notes,> as fully $300,000. will be
needed before the next taxes are. receiv
able. The' term for treasury note loans
is limited to seven months. .
The Treasurer is authorized to issue
1000 notes,. each of the value of $150, un>
der an act of 1897 which was not repealed
by the organic act. Sealed tenders have
been' invited for the notes,- to be received
up to'rioon'on June 7, the money.. to be
available on July -2 and the interest not
to exceed. 7 per cent.
1 HONOLULU, l&ay 21.— Acting Governor
Cooper and Territorial Treasurer Wright
have decided \ that an issue ., of treasury
notes ¦ is .necessary to relieve the financial
stringency." . : \ ¦
Unhappy Couples End Their
.Troubles by Securing
Divorces.
With a Pistol He Compels One
Man to Duck His Head
Under Blankets.
Financial Conditions in the
Territory Are Not of
the Best.
Stringency Is to Be Re-.
lieved by Treasury
Notes.
Son of the Millionaire
Plantation Owner
Defaults.
Enters Many Rooms and
Helps ' Himself to
Valuables.
YOUNG IGNORES
HIS WIFE'S SUIT
HAWAII NEEDS
READY MONEY
BURGLAR LOOTS
LODGING HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 28, 1902.
. MEMPHIS. . Tenn., May, 27.— Thek Federal
Court Grand Jury to-day entered fully Into the
Investigation of the cotton pool alleged . to have
been organized ¦' by - several railroads entering
MctBPhU. '• '. '. -'¦• , k ¦;¦: > ¦Jrr-: 7 -v-<-Xi>-"' — '-¦"i.^i.; .-.>-¦ - '
The rebels are increasing: \ri. strength
and > Boxers - are ¦ gathering. . In . large
numbers In Shantung province/ '
LONDON, ¦ ' May, \ ST.-^Cabllng- |gf from
Shanghai,:, the "correspondent of ; the. Dally
Mail says the southern rebellion la in full
activity and that a: . severe '(< battle has
been fought "a£-Shu-Luh-Sienv in which
the rebels were defeated by the Govern
ment forces, with losses amounting: to 500
men killed or wounded. The Government
troops pursued the . rebels ;to< their en
trenched villages and cut off. their sup
plies." The Insurgents,, who, include boys
and women",! made desperate sorties from
the/ villages and forced | the Government
trpops* to' retreat. The. rebel- . leader,
Chlng Tingr. Pin, was .killed ;
Assembling in Shantung
Province.
9
POSTXTIC CEREAXb
Can Be Ruined by Coffee.
COLLEGE COMPLEXIONS
Nothing so surely mars a woman's com-
plexion a* coffee drinking. A young col-
lege girl- Cf Hyattsvllle, Md., says: "I
never drank coffee up to the time I went
to college, and as long as you are not go-
Ing to publish my name will admit that I
was proud of my pink and white com-
plexion, but for some reason I began
drinking coffee at "school and when vaca-
tion came I looked like a wreck. Was ex-
tremely nervous and my face hollow and
callow.
"All my friends said college live had
been too much for me. After question-
ing me about tny diet, mother gave me a
cup of strong, rich coffee at breakfast, al-
though formerly she had objected to the
habit, but the secret came out In a few
weeks when everybody began to comment
on my improved looks and- spirits. She
Eaid ehe had been steadily giving me
Postum Food Coffee and I did not know it
"My color. came back, much to- my de-
light, and I was fully restored to health.
I will return to college without the slight-
est fear of losing ground, for I know ex-
actly where the trouble lies. * '. i"
"Mother says the first time ehe .had
Postum made no one would drink It, for
It was pale and watery, but the next day
ebe did not trust to the cook, but examin-
ed the directions and made, it herself.
Ebe* found the copk had just let it come
to the boiling point and then served it,
and it was tasteless, but the beverage
made according to directions, by proper
boiling. Is delicious and has a remarkable
•taste for more.' One cup Is seldom
enough for father now. . . _ . ' gSSpS
"I have a young lady friend who suf-
fered several years from neuralgia and
headache, obtaining only temporary relief
from medicines. Her sister' finally per-
suaded her to leave off coffee and use
Postum. She is now very pronounced in
her views as to coffee. Says it was the
one thing responsible for her condition,
for ehe Is now well and the headaches
and neuralgia are things of the past.
Please do 'not publish my name." Name
can b« given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
itiob. • ¦-- • - — ¦-¦¦¦¦¦'-'¦:- ryr;::;
NEW ADVERTISEMENTa
VASELINE NO * GOOD j FOR HAIR.
Dandruff Germ Thrives in It, as Well
as in All Grease".
' ; ¦¦¦':¦ - ¦ " : ¦ -\: - . ¦ - ¦•"• . ¦
A .well-kno-wn Chicago hair specialist* in-
vited the Inter Ocean reporter to come to
his office and see, under' a\ microscope,
how ; ; the . germ ',, that ¦ - Causes -dandruff
thrives in vaseline. The , specialist said
that .all hair : preparations ,. containing
grease simply furnish food for .the germs
and t) help to propag-ate them. The only
way to ¦ cure dandruff Is to destroy, the
germs ; and the only hair preparation that
Will do that is, Newbro's. Herpicide. "De-
stroy the cause,' you remove .the effect."
Without dandruff no falling hair, no bald-
ness. Ask for Herpicide: i It is the only
, dstroyer of the dandruff germ, -'.- -¦
Mellin's
R f^ C^ ffl
is a, real substitute
for mother's milk.
\ Our book, t^MeUm's Food
Babus?' sent free. ":[
Mellin'* Food Co.. Boston/ Mais*
i * 5,0 00 Z^\
I PIANO - I!
I Over Forty-five ]
I Thousand people in
1 California are using
a pianos they bought
I of Kohler & Chase,
I and we refer you to
I any one of them. Ask
I . these people whether
I their dealings with us
I were satisfactory.
I Ask them whether
I their piano gave the
I . wear and service
I rightfully expected oi ;
I them.
I . We have sold pia-
i nos in San Fran-
I I cisco for fifty-two
I * years. There is no
I other concern in the
I West where you can
I possibly do better.
I STORE NEWS.
J A beautiful $300
I. Sherwood upright
I 1 that has been slightly
I used is now on the floor
1 marked at $185— a great |
1 snap.
'near* $*€>c\zXor*5\>)& JAn additional charge of 20
cents to pay expressage will
be required front out of totrn
subscribers ordering by- mall.
A. car-load of Cook Books
bat Just arrived from Chlcajro
and thej- are ready for distri
bution at the bntlneiti office
of thin paper. All Call sub
scribers are entitled to a copy
of this treat Cook Book at
ibe premium price of tLS.tr
cents.
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
Mot Entitled to Boyalties.
Judge Seawell granted the motion for a
fcortsult yesterday In the case of the Doris
Amusement Company against T Daniel
Frawley for royalties on the play "in
Paradise." • iU
A variety hard to beat. For to-morrow
enly we place on sale ladles' high grade
«hoes or ties, all hand-made. In all styles
such as coin toe, lace or button, or patent
leather colonial ties, hand turned, 'gilt
buckles. French heel^ well worth $3 the
pair: they will go on Thursday at 9 o'clock
tor S» cents a pair. Also 3000 pairs men's
•working or dress shoes, the S3 kind Re
member, they are on sale for to-morrow
only at 95 cents a pair. Busy Bee Sho«
Co.. 1029 Market street, above Sixth! •
"Shoes for 95* Cents."
The Supreme Court yesterday granted,
on petition of the Jersey Island Packing
Company an alternative writ of mandate
to compel Judge Sloss to punish Myra C.
Wright for contempt in refusing, to an
swer certain questions propounded to her
as a witness in a suit brought against
the company. The writ Is returnable on
July 7. when the question as to whether
b. Judge sitting as an officer taking a
deposition can enforce his mandates as in
the regular performance of his judicial
duties will be decided. j
Supreme Court Grants Writ.
Company B, League of Cross Cadets,
Plans for Observance of
Memorial Day.
The members of Company B. League of
the Cross Cadets, will decorate the graves
of deceased members of their branch of
the organization on May SO. The graves
of the former regimental commanders,
Edward J. Power and ex-Chief of Police
Sullivan, will also be -visited and given the
regrular military salute of three volleys
by the firing sauad.
Taps will be blown by Sergeant G. Cuth
bertson, chief bugler, of the regiment.
The firing squad will be composed of
Eer&eant Frank A. Koch, Corporal Joseph
J. Burns. James McClelland, R. Grundy.
R. Morelli, Joseph Langley, Hugh Mc
k Court. Walter Strickland and Eugene
McAullffe.
WILL DECOBATE GRAVES n
OF DECEASED COMRADES
Graduating Exercises Will Be Held
at Sixteenth and Utah Streets
Next Tuesday.
The California School of Mechanical
Arts and the Wllmerding School of In
dustrial Arts will exhibit work done by
students during the past year to-morrow
afternoon «and evening. The graduating
exercises will be held at The California
School of Mechanical Arts at Sixteenth
and Utah streets, Tuesday June ,3, at 10
a. m.
The next class of beginners at the Wil
nierdlng School will be organized July 23.
Any boy who has completed the grammar
school course is eligible for admission.
Boys who have finished only the seventh
grade will also be admitted, provided they
fcre over sixteen years or age. Each
vapplicant must present a favorable appli
cation from his former teacher, principal
or school superintendent.
During the years 1301-2, the one-story
portion, for use of the blacksmith depart
ment, In the new brick and terra-cotta
building, now in course of construction,
was completed. .
The California SceqoI of Mechanical
Arts will organize a new class of begin
ners July 28. As the number of applica
tions now on file exceeds the liniit, the
following restrictions have been 7 made:
No more boys will be admitted by transfer
from high schools until August, 1903. To
insure admittance at that time, applica
tions should be filed prior to March L
1303.
For recent grammar school graduates
¦whose applications are received after this
date, a competitive examination will be
held July 23, 1902.
SCHOOL OF ABTS WILL
EXHIBIT WOJRK OP PUPILS
"As a Director of this board I resent
that, sir, and I deny you the privilege of
using such language in these ropms."
"I will speak as I please to you," said
Latimer. "It is plain to see now where
you stand and that you have been on the
,6ide of Blanchard all the time."
At this point hostilities ceased with the
eld of Director Mark, who Induced Wood
ward to walk away.
"What is a reprimand to a man like
Blanchard?" said Latimer. "Why, any
man who will beat a little boy as young
Raggio was beaten is a brute."
Blanchard, -who entered the room at
these words, smiled, but Director Wood
ward walked toward Latimer with his
finger pointed at him. saving:
When Latimer reached the anteroom, he
met Director Woodward and said that If
anybody had whipped Woodward's boy as
Blanchard had beaten John Raggio,' the
castigator would never have had the op
portunity to appear as a defendant in a
trial. Woodward replied that the charge
of excessive punishment had been dis
posed of by the reprimand which'had been
administered to Blanchard. • '
When the trial was resumed yes
terday Itlss Perry was put ' on the
stand to correct some unimportant tes
timony she gave on the pre
vious day. After she had concluded,
Latimer, to the astonishment of every one
present, unceremoniously left the room,
followed by Miss Perry. Latimer, before
leavW, filed a statement in which he up
braided the School Directors for their
course in having excluded evidence to
ehow that Blanchard had been cruel to
John Raggio, a pupiL The board by a
vote of 3 to 1 on Monday ruled that the
principal had been sufficiently punished by
receiving a reprimand, much to l>atimer's
disgust.
"When Latimer -had retired from, the
meeting-room President Denman wanted
to go on with the trial, but Woodward
thought it should be postponed until an
other attorney had been secured for the
prosecution. It was thought that Superin
tendent Webster might be prevailed upon
to act and in that event the hearing will
be resumed this morning.
Latimer injected himself into the case
ex whose instance no one knows, but It Is
said that he was the attorney of Miss
Emma. L. Perry, the principal witness
egainst Blanchard.
F. E» Latlmer, counsel for prosecution
at the trial of M. E. Blanchard. principal
of the Hancock Grammar School, before
the Board of Education, suddenly with
drew from the case yesterday and pro
ceedings came to a temporary halt.
Resents the Exclusion of
Evidence of Alleged
Cruelty.
Principal Blanchard's
Prosecutor Drops
Out of Case.
LATI M ER ANGRY
AT DIRECTORS
KANTNOKA IS INDICTED.— The United
States Grand Jury returned a true bill of In
dictment yesterday aeainst T. Kanlnoka a
Japanese, charging him with smunltng eight
een bolta or silk Into ihia port 'May 16
To-day the gigantic clothing .sale will
sell all the men's clothing In this city.
Every person that wears clothing should
take advantage ot this. , Men's all wool
suits, worth $12, tor $4.65, at. the clothing
assignee sale of the Boston, 773 . Market
street, near Fourth. - ¦ • •
P. C. Kelly, Assignee.
The Board of Education will hold a
meeting to-day at 10 a. m. for the pur
pose of. arranging questions to-be given
in the coming examination. 'It has been
decided to hold the regular weekly meet
ing at 2 p. m. instead of 10 a. m., as for
merly. This will go into effect . after , to
day s meeting.
Board of Education Meets.
Licenses to marry were Issued to-day to
Henry C." Eckenberger, age 52 years, of
Portland, Or., and Miss Rosa Battln, age
44, of Portland; Samuel B. Rosenth, age
36. of 14 McAllister street, and Miss Rosa
Keppell, age 27, of 556 Minna street; Sam
uel F. Weeks, age 30, of 2449 Howard
street, and Miss Julia J. Heffernan, age 29,
of 1310 Mission street; Mark E. Levy, age
27,- of 1359 Post street." and Miss Perl
Levin, age 20, of 1105 Laguna street.
Licenses to Marry.
The objectionable clause Is that -which
prohibits brotherhood unions from belong
ing to any central body other than the"
Building Trades Council. It was the re
fusal of Carpenters' Union 4S3 to abide by
the constitution. in this regard that pro
voked the present trouble.
The district council of the brotherhood
met last night and received encouraging
reports from all quarters. The men were
standing firm, and the prospects of early
victory were said to be excellent. Never
theless, the men are willing to consider
any plan to bring- about a settlement, but
owing to the strength developed by them
recently they refuse to make what they
term to be unreasonable concessions to
the McCarthy faction.
A committee of the Builders Protective
Association met a number of the brother
hood carpenters * yesterday and discussed
propositions of .bringing about peace be
tween the rival factions of carpenters in
this city. The various -points at issue
were discussed, without result however,
the carpenters refusing to consider the
proposed plan of re-afflliation with the
Building Trades Council unless the con
stitution of the council is amended to the
satisfaction of the brotherhood unions.
Will Not Rejoin Building- Trades
Council Unless Constitution
Is Amended.
BROTHERHOOD MEN
REFUSE TO YIELD
Mrs.-iMay,. Becker -of 518: Natoma street
secured a warrant from Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of her : ; husband,- W.-
F. Becker, a" waiter, 1 on a charge of bat
tery. ..She .was very, much excited, and
said Becker , had strucklher .Monday
night. She also made other serious accu
sations against him. \- ¦
Says Her Husband Struck Her.
• Jake ' Rudolph. / at one: time lieutenant
for Chris Buckley, was arrested Monday
night on Powell street by Policeman Mill
cahy oha'chafge of disturbing the peace.'
He . appeared \ in Judge Fritz's court yes
terday.; but as Mulcahy was not present
the case waa continued. - Rudolph alleges
that his arrest was a case of spite on the
part of Mulcahy. He says Mulcahy, who
has been his enemy for. years, assaulted
him 'while on hls^way home and then ar
rested him. - Mulcahy's story will be told
in court to-day. ': -: v ' *
Jake Rudolph Again in Trouble.
The trial of the contest of the will of
the' late Joseph O'Hare was resumed be
fore a jury in Judge Coffey's court yes
terday. It Js claimed by Mrs. L. Lally
and Marganet ¦ Gowdey, the contestants,
that In 1894 when the purported will was
made, O'Hare was of unsound mind.
They claim that the will made by O'Hare
In October of last year is his last will
and testament. -iDr. C. D. McGetflgan
testified as an expert on lunacy that In
October of last year, considering- the age
and . physical ' condition of the , deceased,
O'Hare was mentally capable of making
a will. .... •
Says O'Hare Was Capable.
Nothing has been fleflnltely settled as
yet,- for it will take some time before the
members of the Exchange will be able
to ratify^ the • action of the board as to
the disposal of the property.
Under the code two weeks' notice must
be given for a meeting of the -members
and It will be abouf'the middle of June
before tlie members will meet to consider
the. matter finally. A year or so ago- the
members • directed the board to receive
bids for the propejrty. If the sale Is con
sumated the board will have the option of
remaining In their present rooms. The
offer made for the Exchange is in the
neighborhood of $350,000. Leventritt is
conducting the negotiations personally.
Negotiations are pending for the pur
chase of the Stock Exchange building on
Pine street near Montgomery by Marion
Leventritt and others who, In the event
of the purchase, would be identified with
him- so far as that particular property
Is concerned.
Will Have Option of "Retaining
' Its Rooms/ V
If Sale Is Consummated . the Board
Lillie Johnston was tried before a Jury
In Judge Cook's court yesterday!- on a N
charge of grand larceny for stealing $80
from w. Jorgensen, a sailor, In a saloon*
on Fourth street. It was discovered that
the money was in Canadian currency in
stead of currency of the United States, as
alleged in the complaint, and by instruc
tions of the Judge the jury returned a \
verdict of acouittal. ;
Judge Instructs Jury to Acquit.
Articles of incorporation of the Amer
ican Investment Company were filed yes
terday. The cempany has a capital stock
of $50,000. The directors are C. A. Hyle,
Edwin L. Forster, J. E. Hall, C. T.
Spader and.F. E. Van Buskirk.
The George . Brown - Estate Company
was incorporated yesterday with a .capi
tal stock of $300,000. The directors and
the amounts they have subscribed are G.
A. Brown, $80,600; Elmer F. Brown, $80.
600; Florence E. Gaige, $72,600; E. G.
Knapp, $100, , and C. F. Mead, $100.
The De Turk "Winery was incorporated
yesterday for $75,000. ; The directors, each
of whom has subscribed $1000, are Henry
Wadsworth, H. C. \ Breeden,.J. V. de
Laveaga, B. C. .Carroll^and H. D. Pills
bury. . . . .
The Delta Kappa Epsllon Association
has been r incorporated with a capital
stock ofv $15,000. Directors are Harry
Weihe, Du Val Moore, Arthur Hooper,
Earle Talbot and John Mulr. .
New Incorporations.
LEVENTBITT MAJKES BID
FOE, THE STOCK EXCHANGE
Stallman, gave a t#a party Friday after
noon in honor of Mrs. K. S. Breckenrldge
of Toledo, Ohio. The Lee residence on
Haight street was a bower of palms, roses
and sweet peas. Among those present
were Mrs. F. P. Kendall, Mrs. W. G. Staf
ford, Mrs. N. Ohlandt, Mrs. W. H. Crlm,
Miss Crim.-Mrs. A. Little, Miss Little,
Mrs. R. O. Lucey; Mrs. W. .A. Martin,
Mrs. E. H. Lang, Mrs. L. Roesch, Miss
Hadsell, Miss Rolph, Miss Noona, Miss
Umbsen, Mrs. L. M. Hoefler,' Mrs. G. O.
Smith and Mrs. C. Stallman."
¦'• . • *••¦'.• ' (
Mrs. A. J. Dunphy has gone to Byron
Springs. After a short stay at the Springs
'Mrs. Dunphy will spend several months
in Southern California.
¦ . • • - *:'.*,
The Bells family have opened their
country home at Ross Valley for the
Gummer; _V
• ¦ ¦ • • . •
Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Innes have returned,
and are to reside at San Anselmo during
the summer months. i
• • ¦. •
Miss Mary Kip has returned tb San
Francisco and is being gladly received by
her old friends.
The answer of Powell Fredrick to the
suit in quo warranto brought against him
by Attorney General Tirey L. Ford was
filed yesterday. Fredrick denies that he
Is a usurper and sets up as a defense
for his action in claiming the office the
non-qualifying of McComb and the May
or's veto of the latter's appointment.
Fredrick Files Answer.
RETIRED ARMY OFFICER'S
DAUGHTER WHO MARRIED
AN EASTERN MANi \
Mrs. John Lee, assisted by Mrs. Charles
Mrs. 8. Kubey was at home yesterday
afternoon at ,1640 Post street, and a num
ber of friends called to give her best
wishes for a pleasant trip to Honolulu.
Mrs. Frederick W. Tallant entertained
a few friends yesterday afternoon com
plimentary to Mrs. GertrudeAtherton.
The affair was entirely informal, the
ladies having been asked by telephone.
The afternoon was delightfully spent.
* * * <
A theater party was given Monday
evening complimentary to Miss Hecht and
Miss Grace Hecht of Los Angeles, at
pretent sojourning In this city. Among
the guests were Mrs. E. Wilson, Miss
Ethel Wilson, Miss . Hannah Laventhal
and Mr. and Mrs. Himmelstein. . .
THE marriage of Miss Marie
Juliette Williams of San Rafael to
Alexander ; Ulley of Columbus,
Ohio, was solemnized at the home
of the bride's grandmother, Mrs.
J." R. Nell, on Sixth street, San Rafael,
yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Rev.
Wyllys Hall of St. Paul's Episcopal
Church of that city performed the cere
mony. The couple stood under a bower
of La France roses, smilax and ferns in
the main parlor. Mrs. Walter Hobart,
sister of the bride, was matron of honor,
while A. J. Dibblee of Ross Valley acted
as best man. Little Miss Hanna and Miss
Ruth Hobart, aged 4 and 6 years respec
tively, were bridesmaids. The wedding
was a quiet affair, only the relatives and
immediate friends having been invited.
After the ceremony the' newly married
couple and guests, there being about
seventy-five of the latter, partook of a
bountiful repast.
It was generally understood by all
guests present that Mr. and Mrs. Lilley
would leave on the 5:10 p. m. train from
the San Rafael station for San Francisco,
but to the contracting parties this was by
no means the plan-. In order to avoid the
customary rice and old shoe, a horse and
bug-gy were procured and left standing
just ahead of the coach which was sup
posed to convey the wedding party to the
train. Mr. And Mrs. Lilley on leaving the
house rushed t» the buggy and speedily
outdistanced the rest of the party. In
stead of driving to the San Rafael station,
Mr. and Mrs. Lilley drove to Greenbrae,
about five miles away, and there boarded
the train. The couple will consume about
six weeks on their wedding trip, touring
the East, after which they will return to
San Rafael to remain the rest of the sum
mer.
Th: matter will be heard by Presiding
Judge Cook, who; on reading the com
plaint, assigned the case to his own de
partment. An early hearing is promised.
That plaintiffs bo awarded the costs of suit
herein, and such olher and further relief as
may be meet and 3u»t In the premises.
That It be decreed that said T. A. Rottanzl,
J. C. Stinson. M. E. Van Meter and A. S. Ad
ler are the duly appointed and qualified mem
bers Of said Board of Health and that they be
awarded the possession and enjoyment of said
offices. . - -
That it bo decreed that said defendants have
no right, title or interest whatsover, and that
neither or any of them has any right, title or
interest whatsoever in or to said offices of
members of said Board of Health, but that de
fendants and each and every of them wrong
fully and unlawfully usurp, intrude Into, hold
and exercise . said offices; and that It be ad-
Judged that said defendants and each of . them
are guilty of usurping. Intruding into and un
lawfully holding said offices, respectively.
An action was- filed In the Superior
Court yesterday for the ejectment from
office of the Board of Health recently
removed by Mayor Schmltz and the In
duction Into power of the gehtiemen. ap
pointed by -the j city's executive as their
successors. .The action was one in quo
warranto : and .'Jaeing brought on tho re
lation of F. T. Finch, a tax-payer, with
the consent of : Attorney General Ford,
tho decision of the court, however it may
be, will stay all proceedings pending ap
peal Vo the Supreme ¦ Court. 4 '
The^ suit , was filed un with,
the tenor of Judge Sloss' decision ren
dered some days ¦ ago In the Board of
Health -case. The court refused to pass
upon the; power of the Mayor to remove
the Board of Health in that proceeding,
and held that a decision could . only be
reached In an action in quo warranto.
'Attorney^ A. Ruef , . representing Mayor
Sohmite, applied to the Attorney Gen
eral for leave to file such a suit and, on
securing permission, Ruef 's clerk became
the relator. ¦ It is now certain that the
merits of the case will be determined by
the court. .
The complaint' alleges that Mayor
Schmitz, while acting in a legal capac
ity, investigated the conduct of the mem
bers of the Board, of Health and found
from such investigation that the official
conduct of the defendants "was detri
mental to the interests of the city and
county of * San Francisco and that they
were guilty of official misconduct, had
not executed their duties properly, and
had not fulfilled their official obligations
In their said offices as members of the
Board of Health, and that It was neces
sary for and to the "best interests. of said
city and county of San Francisco that
said defendants should be removed from
their said offices as members of said
Uoard of Health, so held by them .as
aforesaid." N
Acting on legal advice, the Mayor on
March 25 removed the defendants from
office and each was notified in wrltltg
of such removal, the communication re
lating the cause for removal, which was
the injury done this city by reason of the
false declaration by the board that bu
bonic plague existed here. 'At the same
time the Mayor appointed as successors
Drs. T. A.'Rottanzi, J. C. Stinson, MY E.
Van Meter and A. S. Adler. The com
plaint goes on to Say that notwithstand
ing ' the gentlemen named are legally
members of the Board of Health, the de
posed officials refuse to vacate their of
fice and, "each of the said defendants
usurps," intrudes into and unlawfully
holds and exercises said public office
without right, assumes to, and does ex
ercise the said office and the functions
thereof." ¦ • v -
The prayer of the complaint is as\ fol
lows: ' ¦
Quo Warranto Proceedings
Begun With Consent of
Attorney, General. '¦
Secon d Suit to Oust the
. Board of Health Is
Filed.
MAYOR'S POWER
TO BE TESTED
THE SA^ FBAXCISCO CAli, WEDNESDAY'^MAY 28; 1902.
aa- t v-ij. Urn- r\ u * x d */ a
Miss Juliette Wilhaips, Daughter of Retired
Army Man, Becomes the Bride of Alex
ander Lilly, -yd Wealthy Young Easterner
BRILLIANT HOME WEDDING
OCCURS AT SAN RAFAEL
10
• BAILWAY TSAVEIi.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are duo to arrive at
SAX FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, Toot of Market Btreec.)
•__av» -— Fkom Ar-n. 20, 1902- — -»»rr_'
7 7.00- Benlcia, Suisun, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento ..•¦ §•§§*
7.00a VacavUle. Winters, Kumsey. >. 7&5r
7.30- Marlines. San Ramon, Vallejo,
N»pa, Callstog*. Santa Bo«» 6.25F
8.00- D-vl3. Woodland. KnlghU Landlntf,
MaryiviUe. Oroville £•§§*
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25-
8.00a Nlles, Latbrop. Stockton 7.25?
8.00a Niles. Mendota, Ba-ford, Vlsalla, ,
Portervllle 4.65>
8.30a Shasta Expreaa— Davis. 'William*
(for Bsrtlettt Springs), WUlows,
Bed Blufl, Portland 7.55?
8.30a San Jose, Llvermore. Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Placervllle.
Marysvllle, Caico, Bed Bluff 4.25*
' 8410a Oa-daIe,C-l-ese,So_or»,Tuol---0 425p
8.00a Vallejo- 12.25*
8.00a Los Angelet Express — Martinez,
Tracy, L-tnrop.Stoc-ton.Merced.
Kay mond, Fresno and Los An are let 8.23a
930 a V«llejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.55 r
tiO.OC* Hayward. Nilea and Way Stations. tl— -56f
10.00- The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5.25?
ft.OOr Sacramento River Steamers tii-00*
3-OOp Benlda, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing. .
Marysvllle, OrovUle 10.55a
S.30p Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7 55?
4.00r Martlnez.San R-nkon.VaUejo.Kapa,
Csllstoga, Santa Rosa. 9.25a
4.00* yiles, Llvermore, Stoc_ton,Lodl.. 12.25*
'4.30r Hayward,Niles,SanJose,Llvennore t8.5&-
4Z0r Tho Owl Llmiled— Fresno, Tulare,
B»ker3fle:d, Sangus for SanU
Barb-r*. Los Angeles 8.55a
E.00* PortCo*tvTrscy.Lat-rop,Stoc-to- 1825a
.00? Martinez, Antlocb. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 1225?
t5.30* Nlles Local 725a
B.00r Hsyward, KUea and San Jon. 7.65a
tfi.OOr V»UeJo_ 1125a
8.00* Orlenui Mall— Ogden, Dearer,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4 25?
7X0* San Pablo. Port Costa, MarUnes
and Way Stations 11.25a
17.00* Vallejo 755*
8-05* Oregon _ California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marvtvllle. Redding,
Portland, Fiuet Sound and East. 8.55a
19.10? Hsrwsrd and Nlles 111.65*
6OA_;T LINE (Harrow ___$•).
(Foot of Market Street.)
i7^45a Sanu Cruz Excursion t«-C5»
8.15a Newwk. Centervllle. S«a Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, SanU _^
Cruz and Way Stations.. 550*
t_.15* JTewark, Centervllle. San Joae,
Kew. Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Station* 10.50a
4.15* Newark. San Jose, Los Gatoa t8.50-
M.ISp San Jose. Los Gatoa, Santa Cruz... eSSO*.
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip S)
—17:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 6.15*.-.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t8:0O t3:00
t3:05 10:00 A Jt. 1200 200 4-00 *.-.
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a Sa_ Jose and Way Stations. 6.40a
t700_ Snn Jone and Way Station*..... M . t8C0*
7.00a New AlTnftden /4.10*
tt.15*. Monterey Excursion J3-30*
8-OOa Coaat Line Limited — 8an Jose,
Gl'.roy. Salinas. San Luis Obispo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-45*
800a San Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Lais
Oblspo and Principal Intermedl-
' ate Stations 4-10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations. 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations. 9.46a
o1 .30p San Jose and Way Stations -7.00*
t2-45P San Jliteo, Redwood. Palo Alto.
* SanU Clara, .San Jose, Tres
Finos, SanU Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific ¦
Grove t10.4S-
5.30* San Jose, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
SanU Cruz and Way Stations.... 7-30*
t4-15* San Jose andPrlnclpalWay Stations 630*
t5-00> San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal .
Way Stations t /. t900A
6.30* SanJoieandPrincipalWayStaUons 8-30*
6.30* SanJose and Way Station a. 740?
7.00* New Orleans Express— San Luis
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Loa An-
geles. Demlnar, El Paso. New
Orleans and East. ,_. 10.30-
•1 1 -45p San Jo»e and Way Stations'
A for Morning. p for Afternoon. .
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.'
a Saturday only. t Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
- Sunday only.
CALtfOKNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CD
LESSEES
SAN TRANCISCO AN3 H03T4 PAGlFli
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Vkttt* Foot of Market S_>
SAW FRAXCISCO TO SAJI RAFAEL
WEEK DATS— T:SO. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
. 3:30' 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11 :3O d. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 v. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00 and 8:20 p. m. '- ' -^- r
SA\ RAF ACL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05 r 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p.m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00,-9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:05. 6:25 j. m. j '
¦ Leave 1 In Effect 1 Arrive
.San Franclaco] May 4. 1902. I San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. 1 tion. [ days. [ Days.-
7:30 a 8:00 a Lrnaclo I 9:10 a 8:40 %
8:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 0:20 p
| . J 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 110:40 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10p 5:00p Santa Kcsa 7:35p 8:20 p
I Fultoa
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburs 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville
8:35 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah / |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 a| Willlta | 7:35 p| 6:20*^
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevUle I 7:33p!l0:20a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40al 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| »:00p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p( 6:20 p
A:30a| 8:00 al . Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for th'e Geysers and Booneville; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs. KeUeyville.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Bartlett. Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake. Witter Springs. ¦ Upper Lake, Pomo. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Li er ley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*8
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags.
Westport. Usal ; at Willits for Sherwood, Cahto,
Covelo, Laytonville. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia ano
Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round- trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st. Chronicle build-
ing- ' .
H. C. WHITING. ¦ R. X. RTAS,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Ohjcaco
MM LESS? THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-sectlon Drawlng-Koon
and Private Compartment . Observation
Sleeping Cars, with • Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps In every Berth. Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room> Buffet, Smok-
ing and Library , Cars, with Barber and
Bath. Dining Cars— meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout.
Daily Tourist Car Service' at a p. m.
and Personally conducted Excursions every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything.
. R. R. RITCHIE
61 7 M ARKET ST. 6«tw Agent P»cific Co-rt.
; Palace Hgjgj____ San Franc faco.
¦fox-n "Follow
JK: the
_r \_P — "M~—_v L *\. ¦ T^i « ii
AND YOU DO NOT PAY
EXCESS _T^__R__3
TO NEW YORK CITY.
Ask Agents . for. Particulars.
WabashLine
_They have the finest tourist car service from
.Chicago to Boston and New York point*, --.z ¦¦
C. S. CRANE, G. P. & T. As*.. St. Louis. Mo.
CLOtE, P. C P. A.. Loa A__i-
__[K'_- ADVEBTISE-IENTS. _
UNITED STATES BRAlTCil.
STATEyy\EINT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— —OF THE " .
CoffliHercialUnioii
ASSURANCE COMiP ANY
OP LONDON. ENGLAND. OI* THE . 31ST
lay of December. A. D. 1001. and for the
year ending on that day,' as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of tho State of Calif or-;
nia. .pursuant' to the provisions of sections 610
and 611_ of the Political . Code, condensed' as per
blank furnished . by the Commissioner :
' ':. - CAPITAL. .
Capital ,?12.500,000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up - - t
in Cash 1.250,000 00
; . ASSETS. . " ~~
Real Estate owned by Company.*. 888,148 69
Loans on. Bonds and Mortgages..-. 232.600 00
Cash Market Value of all' Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 1,841,385 00
Cash in Company's Office........ '3,084 11
Cash In Banks 405,884 20
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans' r ... 1,166 66
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ."' ' •
and Mortgages ,. 4,064ft 41
Premiums in due Course of Collec- v ! •'¦
tlon BS6.983 10
Bills receivable, not Matured, -
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 6,282 18
Rents due and accrued '¦ 7,70148
Total Assets $3,978,095 89
, ;.- V LIABILITIES. T~~
LosBes adjusted and unpaid $116,720 00
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense . 265,065 00
Losses resisted, including «x-> -
penees ...*.. V.. s \ 28.500 00
Grose premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. |2,- . •
113,221 31: reinsurance 50 per
cent : 1,056,610 65
Gross' premiums on Fire Risks. - '; -
running more than one year,
$2,030,181 80: reinsurance pro •
rata 1.087.056 57
Gross premiums on Marine and" ¦
Inland Navigation Risks, $70,-
040 77; reinsurance 100 per cent. ', 70,049 77
Gro33 premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $46,027 57; reinsurance
50 per cent 23,013 78
Amount reclaimable by 'the in-
sured on perpetual fire insur- ;
. ance policies 100,205 62
All other demands against the
Company ..; 110,347 07
Total Liabilities $2,858,968 46
x ' INCOME. -
Not .cash actually received for
Fire premiums $2,705,619 23
Net cash actually 'received 'for
Marine premiums ......' 173,604 00
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages . '..;.... ,11, 264 26
Received for interest- and divi-
dends on Bonds./ Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources 71,750 00
Received for Rente 21,283 24
>¦ . - ___________
Total Income $2,083,521 68
EXPENDITURES. , j.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $...... lossos
of previous years) $1,816,002 20
Net amount J> paid for Marine ,
Losses (Including $ ,
losses of previous years) ' 65,390 62
Paid or allowed for Commission - • '
or Brokerage ; C54.607.34
Paid for Salaries, -Fees,' and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 143,587 29
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal" taxes 80.944 63
All other payments and expendi-
tures 161,498 68
Total Expenditures $2,822,930 76
Losses Incurred during thevyear.. $1,062,538 82
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $353,263,746 $3,777,479 04
Net amount of Risks j *" '
expired during the -"
year 341.583.484 3,444.072 81
•Net amount In -force ,
December 31. 1901. 409.197,928 4.143.403 21
Risks and Premiums. Mar. RlsksJ Premiums. -
Net amount of Risks . . ¦ -.r. "
. written during the
year .1 $47,852.1801 $250.406 45
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year.. 46,248.084 200.763 61
Net amount in force
December 81. - 1901. 3.884,858 02.308 84
A, H. WRAT, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of March. 1902. ¦
MICHAEL J. QUINN. Notary Public
Pacific Coast Branch / •
416-418 California St.,
\ San Francisco.
E. T. N1EBLING, C. F.MULLJN8, •
' Aest. Manager. _ Manager.
SYNOPSIS OF ANNUAL STATEMENT
/ OF THE— _.'
Connecticut Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 81st day of December.
1901. .
- ' CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up - . w
In-full ...... ..i. .-...: $1,000,000 00
¦ ASSETS. . - ¦ ¦ T~— "~
Stocks and bonds owned. $2,297,840 00
Value of real estate, owned.... • 217,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. 1,103,750 00
Cash on hand and in bank r 392,602 Si
Premiums ¦ In course of collection
and transmission 217,41S 71
Total admitted assets. ' $4,318,611 52
, ¦ ' \ ; LIABILITIES. -.-..!-. - == ~.
Gross claims for. losses unpaid.. $ -279,043 C2
Amount of unearned premium on
. all outstanding risks 2,031.144 to
Total Liabilities .... .V. ... $2,310,18832
Total Insurance in 'force Decem-
ber 31.' 1901. ....:.. $328,391,270 00
- INCOME. ¦ . ==
Premiums received during the » .-
year in cash $2,377,136 67
Interest and : dividends received ;
¦ during the year .^— 156,485 60
Rents received - during the • year
net .........:......... . . B.502 65
Total lncome_ .... $2,639,124 93
' '¦-, EXPENDITURES.' = , "~
Losses paid during the year..... $1,362,726 41
Dividends paid during the ' year i .
l on capital stock 100,000 00
Commissions and salaries • paid -
during the year..... ......... 673.949 18
Taxes paid during the year. '72,878 46
Amount of all other expenditures 172,10590
¦»»."» 05
PACIF'IC DEPARTMENT,
411 CALIFORNIA ST:/
BEN JAMINJ. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M.BOYD,^gent for San Francisco,
OCEAN TRAVEL. / „ v
¦PACIFIC; STEAM NAVIGATION CO;
And- CiaVSud Americana de VaporBS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. . Sailing from How-
ard 3," pier. 10, 12 m.S. -•; ¦ "• ..„- ; . ¦ •, ¦ • , ,
PALENA^. ..".:' June 7 TUCAPEL Jiilv 1a
AREQUIPA-..'.June 27> GUATEMALA* ".Aug 6
. These- steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office.- 316 California street
\ BALFOUR. GUTHRIE& CO.. Gen'Agents.-
\ ; ¦'. ¦ ¦„..!- '-; . :;; • ¦• ¦¦< .;¦.-' • ).¦-.;. •¦ ,.
. ' — ' * ' . ¦-. -¦>."' '¦ ' -; • - - . • '-¦.... -•
COMPAGNIS 6-NEHALE TE_N8AT_ANTIQ__ -
P1KKCT LINE TO HAVRE-FARM T - * B>
_: Kalling- ; every Thursday. Mnstead ol
Saturday., at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, __3_£__S
North Kl ver. foot of Morton . street. " l - •-.-.',
¦ First class to Havre. $70 and upward.- SeconJ
Agents. . 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.-
Tickets sold by all. Railroad; Tickrt A_e_tv
ADVERTISEMEKTTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
All.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness.' lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co.. 1373 Hull building. Detroit,
Mich., and , they will gladly send tfle free re-
ceipt with' full directions so any man may
easily cure himself at home. This Is certainly
a most generous offer, - and the following ex-.
vtracts taken from their daily mail show, what
men think of their generosity: , : . - - ¦ ,
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
beerr- extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I om Just as vigorous aa when. a boy
and you cannot realize how hnppy 1 am."--. {
• ."Dear 'Sirs:. . Your method worked, beauti-
fully. Results .were exactly what '¦ I ; needed.
Strength and vigor have completely , returned
and' enlargement Is entirely satisfactory.". t
"Dear Sirs: Yours was received and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say it. is a boon to
weak men.' : I am greatly Improved in size,
strength and vigor." '¦:• '<
All correspondence Is strictly confidential/
mailed In plain, sealed envelope.. The receipt
is free for the : asking and they want every
man to have It. . *¦;•/ ' ¦ :
f^^ AVONQ WOO,
•Kj CHINESE TEA -AND HER3
\fe_i C '' SANITARIUM.
• >^^v- -764-66 Ciay' St., S. F;, Cal.,
*jffiJ&fflFtMtffl A LL DISEASES CURED
. 'tfJWUOtW^* : r\ exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours,
0:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and-7 to 0 p. m. , .
E AY AND EIVEB S -TBAMEItS.v
FOR U; S. VNAvif NYARD AND VALLEJO.
; Steamers ; GEN. : FRISBIE, or : M0NT1CELL0 f.
. 0:45a. m.; 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.," except Sua-
I day. Sunday, 0:46 a. m.; 8:30 p.' m. Leaves
Vallejo ; 7 a. m.'. 12 :30 noon. 6 p. : m.,> except
6unday. Sunday, 7. a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 5«'
c « n ta»i Telephone Main- 1508. Landing and"
gHJce. pier 2. Mission-street ' dock. ., HATCH
I _UtUS. ..'. ..•;..... ,-.'.v. ; • ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ,
OCEAN TBA^VEL.
Paclfio Coast Steamship Co.
- . ¦ . Steamers leave Broadw_y
n^ . Wharf. San Francisco:
R^feLi For Ketchikan. Juneau.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
l^kV^B^ m. May 11, 16. 21. 26. 31.
pany's steamers at Seattle.
P&Stokl&m For Victoria^ Vancouyw;
f Port Townsend. Seattle. T_-
v*«!!_4 coma, Everett. W?»*^r_
P F R r y -E2rek; a 7H U u V m e boiat C ;^y)^i:30 P. -,
"%^ iT _&2-fv^^^ats.
Redondo). San Diego and - Santa BarDar-—
Eanta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. o _
State of California. Thursdays. U m. •
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro ,nA Kas«
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cru«. M «
terey San Simeon, Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport ('Bontta only). nn 3 -
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. May 14. 22. 80. June T.
Bonlta.9 a. m.. May 10. 18. 26 June 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. fan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altato. La Pa* Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.)-10 a. m.. 7th each
month. ¦*¦
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or ma-
n ?TICKTT «^TICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS &.CO-. Gen. Afents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
NOME ™ m
( LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR." .....1....9 P. M., JTJNB 1
VALENCIA ...Y....9 P. _L. JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the seaaoa.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
; lencla made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss.
mishap or delay. Forpafsenger rates and Nome
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
CD. DUN ANN. Oen. - Pass. A*ent-
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. G«n. Agents.
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R .«& N.CO.
V ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AIT
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOW3SST _=-_y_*X > _BS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23. June 2. 12, 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
./. ...May 18. 28. June 7. 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt, 1 Mon«*y, a F.
TOYfrKISjMAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai ana
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . . -" x
ES. AMERICA MARU ...>*
Friday. June 6. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
. .-. Saturday. June 28, 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday. July 24, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced, rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. • • . . i
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.'.
y_T V>WVV ' DIRECltIHE TO TAHITI
SS. XiAMEDA, for Honolulu.......
Saturday. May 31, 2 p.m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
...Sunday, June 0. 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, June 12, 10 a. m.
I. S. SPRECKELS _ BSOS. CO., General Aits., 329 Marfct
Gea'l Pass. Office, 643 Harlst SL, K_r Hx.7. Pacific SL
- KOSMOS _L.nST_i3.
SS. SERAPIS, 4000 tons. CAPT. W. RICHERT,
V Sailing June -6,-1902. - -
For Mexican, Central and South American
ports, will carry passengers. Special rates to
South America. This steamer Is equipped with,
electric lights and other modern Improvements
and carries an experienced physician. For all
Information regarding passage, i rates, etc,
apply at office- of ~- r ' ; \
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS.' CO.. *
643 Market St.. General Agents.
i AMERICAN L1XB.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul. .June 4, 10 aihlPhUadel.June.18, 10 am
St. Louis. June 11, 10am I St. PauL June 25, 10 am
REU STAA LINE.
I NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Zeeland. . .June 4, noont Southwrk. June 18, noon
Frlesland.June 11, noonl Vaderlnd. June 21. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
'CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
baIlway tbavel.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local _imd Ovrfd Local
Dally Dany Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
' "".Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ...i...
" -Vlsalia... 3:3!) p 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited,
carrying Palace • Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
¦ 4:20 p\m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and , Tourist Slsepers ' and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
I Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
•Corresponding train .arrives at 6:00 d m.
dally. V
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopolnz
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Coi>
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m dallv
. Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferrv"
Depot. San Francisco; , 1112 Broadway
Oakland. . . .
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sansallto - Ferry,
Commencing April _7 iao_,
FROM SAN FRANCISC^TO^Mix^ VAL_E T
a.^ K 12f 2 t YS -^%;i 7 5. 45 4: 8 16 «- 5 ?if #£
r^MVv^ey* ™* V- Soe?^
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. »9:00. »10:00 ll-Oft
11:30 a. m., 12:30. U:30. 2:30. •3:45. ttToo 6 : oa
7:30 9:45. 11:45 p. m. . . »•"», 0.00,
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-3:20. »6:20. 7:4a^-l5 C i9?3^
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. -3:30, 4:40. S:a6.1;«V
10:15 p. nii - . ¦- . _ . - •
SUNDAYS— 6:00. »8:00, 9:30. »ll:oo a. m
•12:C0 m., 1:00, 2:16. •3:30. 4:15. »5V43 6-^1
7:30, 10:15 p. m. ' . ' • • "'**
marked (*) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5 :40. 6 :40. 7 :« aT_5 »?&
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:l6. 5:20 T^io
10:15 P.-m. : : • * *
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55, , 10:05. 11:10 a. m~
12:15,; 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 6:00. 6:05. 7:15. 10™"6
P * ¦"*¦"•¦ THROUGH TRAINS. - ,
7 :45 a. m. week days — Cazad-ro and way
stations gWC-t^jKtty «*
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. : ,- .
- 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
"—Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦ . . -
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. -
Legal Holiday boats and trains ' will run on
Sunday time. / . •
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via SaUsalito Ferry | Arrive
: • San Fran.*' . Foot of Market St. . San Fran.
Week Sun- rhm ..,r r \ M .^i. .*_,__" Sun- Week
¦ggh *%L j*____ »___
9::»A. 8.-00A. p_- •• wtara'lot !_«. »t 1-0 12=15 P. 9.15A.
1:46p. 9:00a. f. 1 _S__T_ w m_? 1:15p. 3:35p.
6:15p. 10:00a. M'^Citw 3:30p - 5:55p -
___r. iilo r. "t»kb» of Tuunn- lisJJ: ::::i_
'..'.....i. 2:30 p. Ope«_i_«j«iiwui_ " 8:15 p. .....
. StTUSDAKS OILY-Lkt. t.-. t-.aa r . g.. n_«_» n« *.
¦ ThkM OSk—. «21 M.U— — T «S_ET _- 8 ACS AUTO TMLBT.THK COAST RECORD
NEW YORK. May 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,065 barrels; exports, 10,928. Stronger,: and
held higher, but- not" quotably advanced. -Rye
flour, steady. , ;
WHEAT— Receipts, 132, 100 ; exports", 64,993.
Spot, firm; No. 2 red,' nominal;: elevator and
new crop, 82%@83%c f, o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 83%c f. o. b. afloat; No 1
hard Manitoba, 86% c f. o. b. ' afloat. Wheat
was generally firm all day, being sustained by
the corn advance, light offerings, a strong cash
position and . general covering by local traders
The close was 1 firm at %@%c net advance. May"
80ft @81c, closed 81c; July, 79 13-16@So«c'
closed 80%c; . September, 78 l-16c; - ¦closed
81%c; December, 70%@79%c, closed 79%c
HIDES — Steady. , .'• ' . . ",, ,.
HOPS AND WOOL— Quiet. S ''
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 invoice
5%c: mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@ll%c. ',
Futures closed ¦ steady^ with prices net un
changed. Total Bales,. 31,500 bags, including ¦
June. 5<?5.05c; September, 5.35c; October, 5.40c •
November', 5.45c; Deoember, 5.60®5.55c; Febru
ary', 5.70c, and March,- "5.80c? ¦ i'~ ' ¦,..--.
-: SUGAR— Raw, steady;, .fair"' refining,. 2%c:
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 7-16c: molasses sugar.
2%c;- refined, steady. ;¦ . . :- - . -.- ,'•¦ •:—.,
¦- ;. . 'i: . ¦¦: ; ; DRIED FRUITS. "- ( ' " - :
The '• situation in evaporated -apple's remains
,.-'...'.--• \ ¦¦ , . .. • ,
Condition of the Treasury.
.• WASHINGTON-. May . 27. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $100,949,915; gold, $94,559,
843. - .-¦ ¦'.•¦:¦- ¦ ¦..-.¦•¦
Giant Powder,' which has been the -onlyj
stock to exhibit any features of Interest of late.
wa«i still lower yesterday morning at $680
69 75. with considerable selling. The current
decline In this stock is said to be due to the
scaling of the monthly, dividend from 75c per
share, or $15,000, to BOc. or $10,000. a dividend
of the latter amount having Ju*t been declared.
This decrease in the dividend is due to the
strain of the former 75c rate upon the surplus,
and the recnt advance In the price of niter.
The new dividend will be payable June 10.
Thf other stocka . were dull. There was a
light business In the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Giant Powder recovered
somewhat at ?t» 50070 25. Sterling Oil sold off
to $1 72%. •
The Stock and Bond Exchange will adjourn
from Thursday afternoon to Monday morning.
over Memorial day.
The Kern River Oil Company's assessment of
50 crnts per share was delinquent tn the board
yesterday • -<-J
The Sacramento Electric. Gas and Railway
Company has declared the regular monthly dlv>
idrnd of 15 cents per share, payable June Vjt
The stockholders of the Northern California
Power Company have authorized the directors
to issue $1,000,000 in 30-year 5 per cent bonds.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. : Common stock. $25@25 50; preferred, $64
O64 12%; 4 per cent bonds. $91 25@01 80; sub
scriptions. $103 87%@1O4.
STOCK ANT> B0NI> EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, May 27—2 p. m,
UNITED STATE3 BONDS.
Blil. Ask. BIJ.Ask.
4s qr reg 110* 111*4 .4s qr cp(new)136%137%
4s qr coup. -110%UH4 4s qr coup. .107%108?4
Continued on Page Thirteen.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May; 27.— Money on call,
steady at 2%@3 per cent, closing bid and
agke*. 2%<g3 per cent. , .. .
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. •
Sterling- exchange, heavy, with actual;busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand
and at $4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 85%@4 88.
i Commercial bills, $4 83%@4 84%. —
Bar silver, 51%c. - v
Mexican dollars, 41 %c.
Government bonds, , steady; State bonds. In
active!, railroad bonds, irregular. . ¦
New York Money Market
The American department was quite neglect
ed. These stocks orjened about half a point
under parities on fears that there would be a
strike in the bituminous . coal regions. They
.revived at midday with the spurt in consols,
but dropped later In the absence of New York
support. " Canadian Pacific was erratic. The
stock rose to 143% and relapsed to 141% on
profit-taking by Montreal operators, and closed
at 142%. Cooper stocks were idle, the metal
being % down to £54 15s the ton. Call money
touched 2%. Silver is flat and lower on East
ern advances and American offerings.
NEW YORK, May 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial, cablesrram says :
Stocks were strong and active early, but in
the -afternoon there was general relapse in the
absence-of the peace statement In Parliament.
The market was been advancing in the general
belief that peace would be announced to-day,
and It. was piqued. Consols closed, at- 96%,
after having touched nearly 97.
London Market..
, . r :, LIVERPOOL. - .
" Wheat— . . ¦ . May.. July. , Sept.
Opening .. ....:..¦.:.:... 6 00 6 % - « 2%
Closing ;. ...6 00 6% 0 2
: PARIS.
Wheat — May. Sept.
Opening .....;.'. 2170 20 30
Closing 2170 20 40
- Flour — . ¦ ¦' •
Opening 26 65 26 30
Closing 26 50 26 35
.. Available' Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, May 27. — Special telegraphic
and cable communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies, as
compared with the last account:
WHEAT— United States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, decreased 4,679,000 bushels.
Afloat for and in Europe, Increased- 1,000,000
bushels. . Total supply decreased '2,779,000
bushels.
CORN — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 1,165,000 bushels.
OATS — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies,. decreased 998,000 bushels.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO,- May 27.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4000, including 100 Texans. SloV, steady. Good
to prime steers, $7@7 60; poor to medium, $4 90
@5 75; stockers' and' feeders'. , $2 50@4.25;
heifers. $2 50@6: canners', $1 40@2 50;" bulls,
$2 50@5 50; calves, $2 40@6 50; Texas steers,
$5 25@6 60. ¦•.¦.: ," '
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 18,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over, 5000. Opened slow, closing
strong. Mixed and butchers', $6 80@7; good to
choice heavy, *7 05@7 20; rough heavy, $6 80©
7; light, $ti 55@6 95; bulk of sales, $6 85@7 10
SHEEP — Receipts, 9000. Steady to strong.
Lambs, strong to higher. Good to choice weth
ers, $5 50@6 25; fair to choice mixed, $4 75@
5 50; Western sheep, $5 25@6 25; native lambs,
clipped, $5@7; Western lambs, $5 50@7; spring
lambs, $7 65. . ,
• - , : ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 27.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1700; steady. Native, $5 35@7 50; cows
and heifers, $1 75@6 40; veals, $4@6 50; stock
ers' and feeders', $2 25@5 25.. - . ¦. . r
HOGS— Receipts. 8100;' steady. Light and
light mixed, $6 80@7 01%; medium and heavy.
$7@7 25. ... ¦¦ ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, 4300. Strong to 10c higher.
KANSAS CITY. '
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 27.— Another new
record orlce for, cattle at the Kansas City
Stock Yards was received to-day, when \ two
cars averaging 1475 pounds sold at $7 60, the
highest price ever paid here.
New York Metal Market. -•
I NEW YORK, May 27.— The local copper
market' was dull and lower, with* lake closing
at $12 37%@12 62%;' standard spot • to Augustr
$11 75@12; electrolytic.' $12 12%@12 37%. and
casting at $12 12%@12 25. ; .
The London copper market closed 5s lower,
with epot and : forward deliveries • standing - at
£12 15s. ¦;•'. -¦-•/-¦. ¦'¦ ¦ : "¦":¦..:-.,.-¦
The tin market at Lew York was a. shade
better, closing with -spot at $30 10@30 15. At
London* a > decline of £1 was suffered, which
closed spot at £135 10s and futures at £132 5s.
; Lead ruled * steady and unchanged here at
$4 12% and at London was unchanged : at
£11 10s. ¦:"¦ ' ' ¦•¦¦:'¦ iV*>,7 - ."¦ - - ¦- -
Spelter was more or less nominal at $4 75.
The London price was marked off 2s 6d to £13
7s 6d.':' '¦' "¦' '¦ ''¦¦' "> -. '¦'¦-¦ "< •' : - ¦ " -
Iron was steady at New^York, but not active,
with prices . unchanged. Plgiron warrants
were nominal. No. 1 foundry. Northern, $19 60
@20 50; No. 2 foundry,- Northern, $19 50@20 50;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, $18 50®19 50; No. 1
foundry. Southern. . soft, $18 50@19 50.; • -
¦ The English markets were barely, steady.'
Glasgow closed . at 53s .lid and Mlddlesborough
.at 49s 6d. - • ; ' "¦/ ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦' f '
1 The ; copper committee of the,: New York
Metal Exchange has decided that ' on :ajl appli
cations for the Hating of brands of copper a
sample piece, duly branded, must be deposited
with . the secretary of the exchange; he to have
the sample analyzed by '. a duly . appointed ¦ as
sayer and • the piece to 1 be kept In . the custody
of the secretary, for. further reference In case
of dispute as to the quality. ' , ,....,
The applicant shall nay the ' expense of the
assaying.. The applicant shall also pay a list
ing fee of $100, -the same to be returned should
the. application not be granted. . . . - ( ; .-. .^^ ,..-.. ,
•~'. New \York* Cotton Market -i ,
"NEW YORK. : May: 27.— The, cotton market
opened; eaisy, unchanged to S points lower, and
closed uulet and steady, with prices 'net -un
changed to ,2; points .: higher. •->• ,: ¦
' , .. Boston Wool Market:
? BOSTON. .May 27.— Trade In the wool- mar
ket; while Irregular, - has been .'more active this
week ".than j at | any . time : since j January | and the
sales .: foot;. up .a: respectable- aggregate. :The
transactions have .been ' principally - in • moderate '
sized -parcels ifor immediate use.^, Prices how-'
2CEW YORK... May 27,— Tj8.-day's stock mar
ttt'-irai- an" irreeular drop' over a fractional
range" for the" most part below yesterday's
closing" .level. " There were a few exceptions
among minor stocks. The recent demand for
Wisconsin Central stocks continued, accom
panied by rumors of buying for; control. There
was an upward movement in Sugar when the
report reached Wall street of a conference of
Senators to attempt an agreement upon reci
procity, but the stock dropped back when the
conference adjourned without action. A rise
of nearly 2 iiolnts in American Locomotive
seemed a supplement to that of yesterday In
the car stocks. Pressed Steel Car reacted
-sharply over 3 points on the emphatic denial
of yesterday's rumors of a merger with the
American Car Company. Canadian Pacific
continued by far the most active stock in the
list. It dropped sharply 2Vi in the first few
minutes- of trading, but was rallied by arbi
trage buying from Canadian centers, where the
etock continued at figures above the New York
level. The reason was considered a result of
the speculation which has followed the rise,
but conviction remains in Wall street that im
portant developments are pending In the prop
erty. The .absence of developments, in the
coal strike situation did not prevent the re
pressive influence exercised by the strike,
which is emphasized by the increasing scarcity
of coal and the growing effect on other indus
tries. The Government's weekly crop bulletin
may have some unfavorable effect because of
the delay to seeding of the corn crop reported.
A batch of favorable railroad earnings in
cluding the net showing for April of a num
ber of important systems and good increases in
gross earnings for the third week in May of
others was without apparent effect In the mar
ket. The money market has grown so easy,
at cr below 3 per cent for call loans, as to
have lost importance as a factor. Opinion is
by no means acreed in Wall street as to the
effect upon this market of a declaration of
peace in South Africa. The small effect pro
duced here in contrast with the speculative ac
tivity abroad by the current rumors of peace
awakened conjecture here. Of course,- there
is the possibility of a miscarriage of the nego
tiations, but there is also a possibility, that
the activity In speculation and - Investment
aroused by the end of the South African war
will be diverted into foreign securities shaken
down as they have been by a long period of
liquidation following industrial depression. An
awakening of speculative and industrial ac
tivity abroad would be likely to lead to the
withdrawal of large amounts of foreign -capi
tal placed in New York in bankers' loans. The
effect could hardly be salutary in American
financial affairs. - ¦>
The bond market was dull and irregular
Total sales, Der value. $1,790,000. United
States bonds were all unchanged on the last
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — ¦ Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 2,100 79% - 79% 79«,
Atchison pfd 700 98& 98 98%
Bait & Ohio.:..,.: "800 106 105% 105%
Bait & Ohio pfd... .....'...'. 05
Canadian Pacific .. 32,300 139 Vi 137% 138%
Canada Southern ..... .... 95%
Ches & Ohio 100 46% 46% 46
Chi & Alton 100 37% '37% 372*
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 7«% 76% 76+i
Chi Ind & Louis... 000 74% 74% 74%
Chi I & L pfd .... Ti go
Chi E East 111..... .... ..!.' 103%
Chi Sc Gt W T est. ... 2,000 27% 28% 28%
Chi & G W A pfd.- 2,000 27$ I 28$ 28%
Chi & Gt W B pfd .... .... 47
Ch.1 & NW.... .... 249
Chi R I & P..... . 500 173% 171% 172%
Chi Term & Trans ...: ..„ 21
Chi T & T pfd 300 38 38 - 38
CCC&StL.:... ..... ... 106
Colo Southern .... 400 31 • . 30% 30%
Colo So 1st pfd 1,000 71 70 70Vi
Colo SO 2d pfd.... 100 42 42 41%
Del & Hudson 400 170% 174% 175
Del Lack & W..:. ..... ' 260
D & R G". .... 4IV4,
D &'R Q pfd.. : ... 00
Erie :...... 1,800 30% 36% 36%
Erie 1st pfd....... 200 07 67 60%
Erie 2d-pfd.. 600 50% E0% 50%
Gt Northern pfd. .... 182
Hocking Valley ... 100 82% 82% . 81%
Hocking Val pfd... 200 90% 90% 9oii
111 Central 100 153 153 152%
Iowa Central * • 1 45 '
Iowa Central pfd... 400 84. 83 W 83 U
Lake Erie & W .... 64%
L E & W pfd...... 500 125 125 125
Louis & Nash 100 138 .138 138%
Manhattan L ,800 132% -132% 132%
MetStRy... .800 148% 148 147%
Mex Central ...... S.300 27% 27 ,20%
Minn & St. Louis.. 500 111% 111 I 110%
"Mo Pacific 2,200 100 99%' 09%
Mo Kans & Texas - .... 25%
M K & T pfd...... 100. B5% ¦ 05% 55%
N JCentral .... 182
JC Y Central 100 156% 156% 156'i
Ontario & West... 200 32% > 32% 32%
Pennsylvania . 9,700 149% 149% 149%
Reading. 14,200 62 61% 61%
Reading 1st pfd... 400 83 82% 83
Reading 2d pfd.... 600 .68% , 68 66
St L & San Fran.. 200 67% 07# ¦ 07
St I< & S Fist pfd .... 83
Bt L & S F 2d pfd ..... .... .... 7114
SfLouiB SW...... 300 27/ .27. 26%
St LouU SWpfd... 100 59 59 ' 68%
St Paul '. 8,200 169% 169% 169%
St Paul pfd........ ..... . :... 188
So Pacific 2,500 64% 64 64%
So Railway :....:. 1,100 30% -36% 36%
So Railway pfd .... - 100 ' 94% 94% . v 94%
. j — - . ._». . ¦. *^Jtk^'&- ™ • . . ; ; ¦- ¦ * *" r^fV n *- iItT iri '
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles — : . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 . 9,000 '
Wheat, bushels 20,000 248,000
Corn, bushels 119,000 : 195;000
Oats, bushels 285,000 .416.000
Rye, bushels x 2,000 1.00Q:
Barley, bushels 18.000 «
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was ' steady ; creamery, 18@20c; dairy,
17%@1794c. Cheese, easy, 10%@12c. .Eggs,
fresh, 15 %c.
Exchange and Bullion. , - r'.
The Coptic took for Hongkong .a treasure list
of $11,272, consisting of $9S97 in Mexican dol
lars, $1)00 In gold coin and $475 In gold dust. '. . j
Exchange . stands the same, but: silver Is
lower. .'¦¦'.' ¦ .-. .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ' — • $4 85^1
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, fight — .15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 17%
Silver, per ounce — - 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull at 23s 9d
spot and 27s 0d@28s 9d. July and August load
ing. The chartered : wheat fleet In port has'a
registered tonnage of 20,317, against 28,420 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 26,150
tens, against 1452; on the way to this port, '¦
259,800 tons, against 175,100. Mi !
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firm and
Paris futures lower. The status of the world's
stocks, according to Bradstreet's, was as fol
lows: East of the Rockies, a decrease of
4,679,000 bushels; Europe and afloat, an in
crease of 1,900,000; net decrease, 2,779,000
bushels. ; . * '
Chicago was quiet and steady. The South
west was selling and the Northwest buying.
New York wired nothing doing for export ac
count.
This market was dull and unchanged on the
spot, but futures were slightly higher.
$l^@?f7 t %- S p h er P c 1 U S ' § U%&1 15 . : """^
, CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December-*
2000 ctls, $1 12%.
Second Session — December — 8000 ctls $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales. •
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls
$1 13; 10.000, $112%>. . . a . .... £>:• ,. '
. BARLEY: — Offerings are very small and hold
ers are firm; For choice bright Feed the gen
eral asking price yesterday was $1 02% though
buyers would not bid over $1 01% as a rule.
Sales. were few.. ...
Feed, $1 01>4@1.02% for No. 1 and 98%c@$l
for off grades; brewing. and shipping grades,
$1 02%©l 03%; Chevalier, nominal. sraae8 '
.; CALL BOARD SALES. ¦ -.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May 2000
CtIS, vX. , , p * ' *
Second Session — December— 10,000 ctls 84c
2000, 84%c; 6000. 84%c. '
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls
$1.01.- July,' new — 2000, 87c. *
.Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
84% c.
OATS — The market stands the same being
firmly held, but business was quieter yesterday.
Offerings are light.
¦ Grays. $1 37%@1 45; whites. $1350150-
E 11 }!?,?',-^ 1 .* 50 ® 1 5{ l : - black ' * X 2 5 ® 1 35; red,*
$1 32%®1 45 per ctl. .
CORN— Chicago was firm and higher on larga
interior acceptances, but light terminal re
ceipts and a good cash demand. Large ahip
ments made the shorts nervous. The Gates
party were still buying freely and talking of
iOc Corn. New York reported a large short in
terest. .The world's supply decreased 1,165,000
bushels. , -¦ ¦
This market was dull and unchanged with
the principal holder firm. -
Large Yellow, $1 47%@1 52%; small round
do. $1 50@l 55; White, $1 60O1 62%.
RYE — Continues dull at 90@95c per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— $2<g2 25, per ctl asked.
• . Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
I'm 1 - 5 - 0 fOr Bakere ' ; Washington Bakers', $3<gi
MiLLSTtJFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2 75; 'Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy $l©
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 ?5; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@9- In
sacks, $6 85@8 50: Pearl Barley. $5 50- Sr>lit
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.)
. Hay and Fcedstuffs.
There Is no.thlng new to report under this
head. ... Bran and Middlings are still, firm,
though ; receipts of , the former from . the north
are larger. Hay continues weak, with' a" very
fair crop Just coming in. . ¦*
BRAN— $18 50019 50 per ton
MIDDLINGS— $21@23 50 per 'ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@22 '¦ per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the Mill, $25@26; job
bing. $28 50@27: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21- Corn
Meal.. $ni@32: Cracked Corn, - $31 50@32 50-
Mixed Feed. $16<5>17; Cottonseed Meal $26 50
HAY— Extra fine Wheat. $12; fair to choice
do. ($9 B0@ll 50; Wheat and Oat $i)@ll .10-
Oat. $8@10 50: Alfalfa, $7011 • Clover $7@9 :
Volunteer, $0 60@8 50; Stock, $6@8 per ton
STRAW-^40@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. \
All dealers quote a dull and unchanged Bean
market..- Those who want to buy have to pay
up. while those who want to sell have to give
concessions. ¦' ' • . . ,:¦ -
• Quotations for Dried Peas show considerable
change. • . . \ •¦ ,
: BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; small White. *2 40
@2 50; large White, $2 20@2 30; I Pea. ¦ $3250
3 50; Pink. $2 05@2 20:-Red.» $2 50; Blackeyo,
$1 90@5; Limas." $3 65@3 75; Red Kidneys,
$3 50<7?3 75 per' ctl. ' •
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard-. $2 6002 '65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50: Flax.' $2 25@2 60; Cana
ry,' 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah loii©
ll^c; California. 10@10%c; . Rape, -19i@2Vic;
Hemp, 3%c per lb. : < • ,
.DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 453
1 65: Blackeye; $1 75@2. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
\ New Potatoes in boxes sold fairly well on
the wharf, • but only, a' few lotr. 4 of fancy stock
brought i the top; quotation. The demand for
Racked ,; stock was i not 1 very. .brisk ' and prices
had a iride^range. "There Is very little life in
old 'Potatoes, and the appearing quotations are
generally obtained when sales are made. :: ¦ -¦ -
: . There whs no change In Onions. Receipts
continued heavy.' ...... . ;
.'Rhubarb and Peas continue firm under light
receipts. . Other. vegetables are coming-in mora
freely- and prices are steadily declining. .- Sum
mer | S/tuash t appeared ¦ from • I lay Farm ' Island
and sold - for $2 per box. -, As-naragus from I An-
Uoch'.aiKU vicinity -has bren coming late dur
in j the ; past few days ¦ an<l lias to be disposed
Of at . lew . price*; : >. - ;."; ,': :>..;;•,
. -POTATOES— New -Potatoes, .$1 2501 75; In
sacks and $1 4t'-@l 90 in boxes ; old, 90c@$l for
r.urbanks - from the > rivet; f rom " Oregon and
Washington, j $1 ' 25(Q1 ¦ 50 ; lUver ., Reds. $1 30®
1 50;' Oregon v Burbanks; for .' seed, r»3c©$i 10;'
: Sweets. , - — .-' - .-,- ¦. ¦;.;¦ ' ' •'¦ « . '•' ¦ .; - ; • .v, . . * ¦
•ONIONS — Australian, $3 50@3 75; -second
SAN FRANCISCO, May 27-« p. m.
The following are the maximum temperaturej
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 60; Freeno. 88; Mount Tamalpais,
B2; Red Bluff, 80; Independence. 88; Los Ange
les. 72; Sacramento. 7C; San Luis Oblspo. 70;
San Diego, 66. .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
€0; minimum, 62; mean f>6
-Padflc Time.)
(120th Merldian-
Weather Report.
Sacramento Valley — Weather conditions dur
ing the » week have been nearly normal and
favorable for growing crops. . Very little dam
age was done by the high winds of last week,
but much of the moisture in the soil was ab
sorbed and showers would be beneficial. Grain
is filling well and there is a good growth of
straw; heavy crops are probable in nearly all
places. Haying Is progressing rapidly and
there is a heavy yield of excellent hay. The
first crop of alfalfa has been secured in Sacra
mento County. Apricots are reported of large
i:ze at Fair Oaks; they are ripening rapidly
and the first shipment to the East was made
trom Winters on the 21st. eleven days later
than last season. There will be a large crop
of almondE. All deciduous fruits are in excel
lent condition and heavy crops are expected.
Blackberries are ripening. Vineyards are
thrifty. Orange trees are heavily laden with
blossoms.
Coast and Bay Sections — The weather dur
ing the week has been cool and partly cloudy
or foggy, retarding somewhat the growth of
grain and ripening- of deciduous fruits. The
high winds of last week caused but little dam
age to fruit, but dried the soil and injured pas
turage. Light cbowers would be very benefi
cial. Grain is in very good condition except in
the southern counties, where it Is reported
much of the wheat and barley will be cut for
hay. Haying is progressing in nearly all sec
tions and good crops are the rule in the central
tnd northern districts; all hay is excellent in
quality. Prune trees in the vicinity of Santa
Rosa are being considerably damaged by can
ker worm; the prune crop will probably be
light in most sections. Apricots are of large
size and will yield a good crop. Cherries are
ripening rapidly; the yield will be less than
average in many places. A good crop of Bart
lett pears is expected. Vineyards, and citrus
fruits are doing well.
Ban Joaquin Valley — Cool, clear weather has
prevailed during the week, with slightly higher
temperature at the close. Strong northerly
¦winds have Ellghtly damaged the fruit crop in
tome places and injured grain considerably in
the southern districts by absorbing the mois
ture in the soil. In the central and northern
districts wheat. Is maturing rapidly and there
will be a heavy crop. Early barley Is ripe in
Madera County. Grain harvest will commence
In a few days; some barley In Fresno County
has been harvested. A large crop of hay is
being gathered. Alfalfa la unusually heavy,
but mixed with foxtail In Kern County. Pas
turage is good. Irrigation water is plentiful.
Deciduous fruits are in excellent condition and
food crops are probable. Wlneyards and citrus
fruits are thrifty.
Southern California — Clear, cool weather has
continued during the week, with fogs along the
coast. Drying- winds have been injurious to
grain and hay. but have caused very little
damage' to fruit. Late grain 'and hay are in
bad condition, ftnd the yield will be very light.
Much 1& being cut for hay. • The hay
crop is reported of better quality than average.
Beans are up and looking well, though needing
warmer weather. Sugar beets are growing
rapidly. Deciduous fruits are in good condition
In most places; apricots will be light in Orange
County. Vineyards are reported in excellent
condition. Walnuts and citrus fruits are doing
well.
Lob Angeles Summary — Cold week, with con
siderable cloudiness and fog; ehowers at the
close were too light to do good. Haying con
tinues; late crop about failure. No -damage
reported from wind storm, except the drying
out of moisture.
Eureka Summary — Crops are all planted in
most sections; In some localities early, sown
rrain Is heading short. Trees are loaded with
fruit. Green feed ie plentiful.
Cool, generally clear weather has continued
durlr.g the week, with fogs along the coast.
Light sprinkles of rain have fallen in some sec
tions. Brisk northerly winds have prevailed
"In the valleys.
Early barley Is ripe and ready for harvest in
portions of the San Joaquin Valley and wheat
is maturing rapidly. Harvest will probably
commence early in June. Grain continues in
excellent condition in the central and northern
cistricts and heavy crope are expected. In the
southern districts wheat and barley are re
ported in very bad condition and the crop is
being cut for nay. Hay is yielding a heavy
crop in most places north of Tehachapl and is
of excellent quality. Alfalfa is unusually
heavy. Beans, bops, sugar beets and garden
. vegetables are in good condition and growing
rapidly. Pasturage ie plentiful in most places-.
The damage to deciduous fruits by the wind
end rain of last week was less than anticipated
and there will not be much shortage in the
yield on that account. Apricots are reported of
large size and are now ripening rapidly, . Cher
ries are of excellent quality and the yield will
not be far below average. The prune crop will
be light In many places, owing to blight, and
canker worm. Other deciduous fruits and vine
yards are In excellent condition. Orange trees
are heavily laden with blossoms. Walnuts are
doing well, but a light crop is probable.' . ¦
GENERAL SUMMARY
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, eectlon
director of the climate and crop eervice of the
Weather Bureau, ia as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The ¦ pressure has risen "slowly • along the
coast north of San Francisco- and rapidly over
Washington. A moderate depression overlies
the valley of the Colorado and another de
pression is passing eastward over the Kootenal.-
Thunder storms are reported in Eastern Oregon.
• The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over. California and has risen .from
8 to 10 degrees over Arizona • and Southern
Utah. Over Oregon and the greater part of
Washington there has been a sharp fall. At
Portland the temperature has fallen 24 de
grees in. the past twenty-four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending) midnight. May 28. 1902:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, cooler
in northeastern portion; light southerly winds
in the interior; brisk westerly winds • on the
coast. ' • ?
Southern California — Fair. Wednesday; fresh
southwest winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; cooler north. '
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF — Prime roast, 15@18c; Porterhouse
Eteak. 17%(J22%c; Tenderloin steak, 15S18c;
Sirloin eteak, 12%@15c; Top round steak, 12%c;
Beef Btew. 10c; Corned Beef, S@10c; Soup
bones, 4c; Soup meat. 8@10c.
VEAL— Loin roast. 15@2Oc; Shoulder roast,
12%@15c; Chops or Cutlets. 15©20c
MUTTON— Leg. 12%c: Fore-quarter. SglOc;
Stew. S«?10c; Prime chops. 15glSc; Shoulder
chops, 10©12%c.
SPRING LAMB— Chops. 15@20c; Leg, 15®
18c; Fore-quarter. 12 %c. •
PORK — Loin roast. 15@lSc; Leg roast. 12%c;
Shoulder roast. ll@12%c; Chops. 15018c.
These prices do not cover the cheapest
grades, as it is impossible to quote regular
prices on them.
Retail Meat Prices.
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 75%@75%c; No. 2
red, 87%c; No. 2 white oats, 44%c; No. 3 white,
44%@45c; No. 2 rye. 59%@60c; fair to choice
malting barley, 69@72c;<No. 1 flax seed, $1 69;
No. 1 Northwestern; $1 77; prime timothy seed,
$6 30@6 35; mess pork, per. bbl, $17@17 05;
lard, per 100 lbs, $10 10@10 15; short ribs sides
(loose), $9 60@9 70; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 8@8%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$10 10@10 20; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
hanrtt; new red, 40®55c per sack; Sllversklns, I
40@50c pt.- 1 box '
¦VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$202 25 per box. $1 50©l 75 for No. 1 and $1®
1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 65@75c per box; extra
fancy, $1@1 25; Green Peas, 75c@$l per sack; ;
Garden Peas. $1 25 per sack; String B?ans
tiom Los Angeles, S@tc per lb; from Vacaville. I
6©6c;\V r ax. 5c for Los Angeles and 6® 7c for I
Vacaville; Cabbage. 75@9Oc p^r ctl; Los Ange- |
les Tomatoes,' per crate; Mexican' Toma- >
toes, 202 50 per box: Dried Peppers, 10@llc
pel. lb; Los Angeles do. 13@l7%c; Carrots, $1
per sack; Cucumbers from Marysville. $1 75@
2 per box; from Arizona, $2 per box; Hothouse I
do. 40@75c per dozen for small and S5c@?l for
large; Garlic, 2@3%c for new; Los Angeles
Green Peppers, 12%c; Mexican do. 15©20c:
EgR Plant, from Los Angeles. 7@10c; Summer
Squash, frcih Los Angeles, $101 25; from Ma- {
rysville. 7Cc@$l: Marrowfat Squash, $15@20
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15@20. ¦
Poultry and Games
California was firmer as there has
been no Eastern placed on the market thus far :
this week. All descriptions met with a steady I
demand and the market was well cleaned up at !
an early hour. One car of Eastern is expected I
to-day. . , ' . I
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob- j
biers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,*
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3 CO
@4 for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4@5; |
young Rooster?, $C@S; old Roosters, $4 25® ;
4 50; Fryers, $t@5; Broilers, $3@3 60 for large
and $1 75@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per
dozep for old and , $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare", $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1: for Brush. . , .
- - ¦- Butter. p Cheese -and Eggs.
!„ Things are beginning; to look interesting
again In the Butter trade. ; The exchange will
issue no more quotations while the present •
competition- lasts, and -this leaves every dealer;
to himself. . There . Is a fight ' on - hand, and It ,
promises to be lively. "¦ There, is a short ele- '
rnent with contracts made some time ago, and
opposed to it ia another Interest, and between
the two the market is being forced up. The :
shorts are not averse to -a rise, on the theory
that' the higher the market goes the lower it
will drop later on and the quicker It will get
there. Any pronounced' advance- would shut off
the packing, in which case stocks would accu
mulate and the- market would decline. At pres
ent the market is- kept up by the packing and
good orders for- Alaska, and other outlets, and
as high as 22c is being quoted by some dealers,
though the majority ' do not quote over 21c.
Dairy is bringing almost as much as creamery, ,
as will be seen. ..-.-'¦¦ i
Cheese continues plentiful and weak at un- j
changed prices.
¦ . Eggs are firm and' 20c is now being obtained,
but it takes a fine large ranch Egg to bring this
figure, and then only ¦ In a limited way. Re
ceipts are* ample,- but spot stocks are not large,
and the demand is very fair. Imoorters of
Eastern Eggs are disposed to help the market
up as fast as possible, in order to favor the,
. Eastern importations. " . • . ¦
Receipts were 59,300 pounds, 2 kegs and 724
tubs of Butter, 1717 cases of Eggs, 4500 pounds
of California Cheese and. 61200 pounds of Ore-
Epn Cheese. . . '¦''•'*'•£ •'-*—- ;
BUTTER — Creamery. *l@21%c per pound for I
fancy," 20c for firsts and 19 %c for seconds;
dairy, 16@20c; store Butter, ' 14@1 6c per pound
CHEESE— New, 8%@9%c; old, 9@llc; Young
: America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
¦ EGGS — Ranch, 19@20c for fancy and 16@18o
fop fair to good; store, 15@16%c per dozen. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. \
The usual quantity of Strawberries was re- !
ceived and met with a steady demand at well
sustained prices. Raspberries and Currants are
coming In more freely, but continue to . bring
good prices. There were a few Loganberries
received and sold at 10@12%c per basket.
Gooseberries were in heavy supply and dull.
The 5 boxes of Figs which were received from
Arizona on the preceding day were sold at $5
per box. Four more boxes were received yes
terday and will be sold to-day.
Receipts of Cherries continue large, but prices
hold up well under a steady local demand.
Fancy Oranges are scarce and the top quo
tation is easily obtained for desirable sizes.
Supplies of poor grades are plentiful and sell .
slowly at the appearing quotations. One or
two cars will be auctioned to-day. Five cars of.
Bananas were received from New Orleans and
the Honolulu steamer arrived with fresh sup- ,
Plies.
Other fruits remain as previously quoted. j
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long- '
worths and $3 r>U<§3 for Malindas; crates from i
Watsonville, ; from Florin, 75c@f 1. ' I
RASPBERRIES — 60@85c per drawer.
GOOSEBERRIES — 20<g25c per drawer and |
2c in bulk; English, per drawer and :
In bulk. : . \i
CURRANTS— 65c@$l 25 per drawer. - • -. '
APRICOTS — From Yuma, $2@2 50 per crate. !
APPLES— $2®2 50 per box.
CHERRIES — White. 40@65c per box; In bulk, •
3@4%c; Black, 50@S5c per box and 4@7c in ,
bulk. ;--ai . '
. . CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. ; $2®3 75
according to size and quality; Seedlings,. 91 50
@2 25; Mediterranean Sweets." $1- 25@2 50: St.
Michaels. $1 50^2; -Valencias, $2. 50@3 50;
Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines., in
quarter boxes, 50c@$l and $1 25® 1 50 In half
boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l for common "and $1 25@
1 75. for good to choice and ?2@2 75 for fancy;'
Grape Fruit. 75c@$2; Mexican Limes, $4®4 50;
Bananas. $2 25@3 per bunch for New Orleans
and ¦ $2@2 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen. ,
/Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins, j
New Apricots, July delivery, are quoted at;
6%c. - The output Is expected to be large, esti
mates running as high as 1300 to 1400 cars, i
against 400 last year. Peaches promise a large
crop, while Pears are admitted by everybody ;
to, be short, except- On the river. The Prune
output will probably exceed that of last year,
but will not be heavy, and will have po left
over stock to contend with this year. Apples
rule firm at the good- prices, but there is not
much doing in any fruit, owing to the practical
exhaustion of stocks.
Walnuts are firm and In few hands. Raisins \
are nominal. Honey is quiet, with expectations
of a much lighter crop than thought some
weeks aso. ¦ ¦ .
FRUITS — Apricots. 9@10c for Royals and 10 '
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried, 6®7c;
Peaches, 6%@8%c; Pears,' 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
5@6%c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5U@6c
; for red and 5%©6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c
; for black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40s. 6%@6%c: 40-50s, 5@5%c; 50-60s, 4%@
4%c; 60-708, 4@4%c: 70-80s. 3%@3%c; 80-90s,
3®3%c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c: 2-crown, 6% i
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and '
| 6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c: 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@ '
> 8%c for bleached. , Clusters-rlmperials, $3;
' Dehesa, $2 60; Fancy. $1 50; London Layers.
! $1 25@1 85. .. k ¦ . !
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. ll@ll%c; '
No. 2, C@7c; No. 1 hardshell, ,!O(glO%c; No "2, I
i 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell. 9@10c '
for softshell and 6®7c for hardshell ; Peanuts, i
6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil- !
berts, 12@12%e; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts i
$3 50@5. ' j
HONEY — Comb, ll@12e for bright and 9@llc :
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
6%c: light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark, 4c. i
BEESWAX— 27%©29c per lb.
' Provisions. \
Chicago" was hishei 1 , but slow, as labor
troubles and trust agitations tend to depress the [
market.
This market la quoted dull and featureless.
Cottolene ' has again been ' advanced.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lb for |
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light. '
i 15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; Call-'!
fornia Hams. 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $10 per!
bbl; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family, $11 50® i
12; prime Mess Pork, $15@15 60; extra dear, .
$23; Mess. $1S 50@10: Dry Salt Pork, 12%c; j
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef.
13Va@14c per lb. .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%®S%c per lb I
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels '
pure, 12%c: 10-lb tins, 13%c; 6-lb tins, 13%c; I
3-lb tins, 13%c. j
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. lOftc; three 1
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce,... 10%c; two!
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb. j
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops. I
/ / ¦¦•.. . _
There Is a good demand for shipping Wools, j
but the heavy and . defective grades are still
Blow and neslected. Some new descriptions j
are added . to , the list. ' :
' Hides are as before quoted and the market i
shows no new features. . |
The situation in Hops remains unchanged.
Buyers are trying to contract for th£ new crop '
• at 12%c, but with indifferent success, aa the 1
' growers- are firm in their views. Crop prcs- •
: pects on the coast are excellent. - '
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brand3 sell !
about l%c under, dilatations. Heavy salted i
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Start, 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal," 9%c; Salted Calf,
¦10c: Dry HWe». 15®16VSc; Culls, 1-I©l5c;-Dry '
Kip. ll@13c; Dry Calf, 16@18c; Culls and
Brands, -15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, . 20®
30c each; short Wool, - 40®60c each; medium
65©75c; Monn Wool, S0cS*l 20 each; Horse ;
, Hides, salt, S3 for large 'and $2 8O for me- 1
t dium. $1 60®2- for small and 60c for Colts;!
. Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 60 for
medium. Slfil 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck i Skins— Dry Mexican,' 32%c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American, 32%c. ¦
Goat Skins — Prime ¦ Anaroras, 75c; large and I
. smooth, 50c ;~ medium. - 35c. :¦
• ALLOW — No. 1 . rendered. 5%@6c ner * lb-
No. 2. 4%©5c:,greas5. 2%@3%c?V .
WOOL— Spring. Humboldt and Mendoclno,
I 15@l"c; Northern free. 14S16c;- do. defective,
i 13@14c; Middle County, free, 13@15c; do, de
i fectlve»"12@13c;' Southern,* 12 months, OiglOc;
; do. 7 months. &©llc; Foothill,: ll©13c: Neva
da, ; 12Q15c : -Valley . Oregon fine. 15©16c: do,
medium and .'coarse. 1 per- lb • - ¦ -- •
. HOPS— 12o for .fair and 13@14c per lb for
cood to. choice.;,^
ever, are not changed.' but dealers now admit
that the outlook for the sale of wool is better.
i : Territory wools-are' firm and choice staple
sold at 50@52c for fine ; fine medium, 47@48c ;
medium; 43c. , ; ' ' .
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. May 27.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 15,173
bales. There was a' large attendance./ Merinos
were In active request and the American de
mand causd firmness. : . A few fine parcels of
Australian greasies were sold for America, -
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, May 27.— Porter , Brothers'
Company sales of California fruit: Cherries^ —
Tartarians, 85c@$2 87%. average $1 24;
Guigne. I 65c@$2 35, average" $1 09; Advance,
$1 15@2 65, average $1 60; Rockport, 65c@
$1 45, average $1 21; Chapman, $1 15@X 20,
average $1 18; B. de Orleans, $1 85; Governor
Wood, average • 75c; Bigarreau, 75c; Guigne,
average 65c half box. x .
CHICAGO, May 27.— Porter Brothers' sales
California fruit: Tartarians, $1 20@2 50, aver
age ?1',82, half boxesi 80c; Chapmans, $1 30®
1 40, average $1 36; Advance, $1@1 30,' average
$1 04; Guigne, 85c@$l 70, average $1 20; Rock
ports, 50c@$l,\ average $1 33. ¦
Foreign, Markets.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ " ¦
LONDON, May; 27.— Consols, 96 13-16; Sil
ver, 23%d;, French Rentes, lOlf 22%c; wheat
cargoes on passage, nominal; unchanged ; car*
goes of No. 1 Standard California, 31a; English
country markets, quiet. ¦• -' ¦
LIVERPOOL, • May 27.— Wheat," quiet : No.* 1
Standard California. 6s 5d@>6a 6d; wh^at ¦ in
Paris. . weak ; flour In Paris, weak ; . - French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
Cloudy. . I-'-'.."-;' - .: '-. --^-.'v
COTTON— Uplands, 5 3-32d. •'
. ' Northern -Business.
TACOMA, May 27.— Clearings, $234,027; 'bal
ances, ?27,477. - .--.,=
v PORTLAND. May 27.— Clearings, $403,110;
balances. $91,410. . V '. ¦ . -•- >
SPOKANE. May 27.— Clearings, $253,234;
balances, $45,576. • \
SEATTLE, May ¦ 27. — Clearings, $523,002;
balances, ?76,953. ..
Northern Wheat Market. •
' . WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 27.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady. f Blue stem, 66%c; dub, 65%c. .* ''
'..;, OREGON. >.
PORTLAND, . May 27.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 06c; blue etem, C7c.
San Francisco Meat Market. .
DRESSED MEATS.
All descriptions remain as before quoted.
Supplies are ample for all needs and the gen
eral tendency of the market la toward weaker
prices.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows: • l **ft»r«!*ai!
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@6%c per >
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7SSc: small, 8@9c ner lb.
. MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©8%c; Ewea. 7%@
Sc z>er lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs. 9@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The followins; quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8%©9c: Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cows. 4&5c per lb.
CALVES — 5©5%c per lb (groes weijcht).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross weight). ¦ ¦
LAMBS— Sucklinar Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4%S5c per lb live weight; yearlings,
4g4%c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lba and under. 6%c:
2GO lbs and over. G@6%c; feeders. 6®6%c:
sows 20 per cent off, boars 60 per cent oft
and stasrs 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Supplies of Calcuttas are liberal and
the market is weak at the recent decline.
Large, close buyers find little difficulty in ob
taining concessions. Grain Bass. June and
July, SftgCc: San Quentln. 6.55c; Wool Bag*
32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%®8c. ' >\ -
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 2-lb stand
ard, 85c; sifted. 95c; extra sifted, $1 10; petit*
pols. $1 25. Gallons— Standards. $:j 75; extra
sifted, $4 25. Asparagus, per case. 2 dozen
cane to the case— Mammoth White, *2 50@
3 75; Large White, $2@3 75; Medium White,
$1 75@2 65: Small White, jl 60; Mammoth
Green. |2 e5@3 65; Large Green. $2@2 90; Me
dium Green. $1 75^2 60; Small Green, $1 50.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins:
Apples, $1. S5@l 55; Apricots, $1 2501 60:
Peaches, yellow, $1 40@l 65; do. Lemon CUnff.
51 50@l 75; Bartlett Pears. $1 50@l 75; Plums,
$1 lOgl 30; Nectarines. .$1' 25@1 50; Muscat
Grapes. $1 15@1 35; Quinces. $1 30@l 55;
Strawberries, $1 50@l 75; Blackberries, $1 40
@1 60. »
COAL— Wellington. $0 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle $0 50; Bryant. S6 50;
lj ?- £?' Coos Ba3r - * 5 M 5 Greta. $S; Walls
end $s 50; Co-operative Wallsend. <8 60; Cum
btrland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthra
cite, ?14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per
trn In bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and fs 50
per ton, according to brand.
COHDAQE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pur© Manila, 16%c pee lb;
Sisal Bfaee, iStfci Bale Rope. 12%2 for SUal and
ltiVtC for Manila; Duplex. 11 %c. Terms CO
d:iy* or IJS per cent cash discount. Lots of
10,00 lba. lc leas.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb .5%c;
caaes, regular, 6c; cases, extra large 6%c;
cases. Eastern style, 6%c; Boneless, 7c; "Nor
way," 7c; ''Narrow Gauge," 7%c; "Silver
King," 8c; blocks. "Orientals," 7c; blocks.
"SeabriphV 7%c; tablets. 8c; Middles, 7%@
8%c; 6-lb boxes, fancy boneless 9%c; 2-U>"
boxes, fancy boneless, 8@8%c; Desiccated 1 , per
dczen, 80c-: Pickled Cod. barrels. . each, $8:
Pickled Cod, half-barrel3, each $5.
COFFEE- Costa Rica— 14@15c for strictly
primo to fancy washed; 12%@13%c for prim*
washed. 10%©n%c for good washed; ll%@13c
for itootl to prime peaberry; 10%@llc for good
to prime; 9®»%c for fair; 5%@7Vic for common
to ordinary.
Salvador— 12@12%c for strictly prime washed;
10<yil%c for good to primo washed: 8%©9%o
for fair washed;. 10<J?H %c for good to prime
washed peaUerry; 9&9%c for good to prime
s»mi- washed. 8% ©9c for superior unwashed: 8
@>8%c lor good green unwashed; 9@9%c for
seed to superior uawaahed peaberr/; 6%J?>7c
for common lo cflinary.
Nicaragua— 12314c for prime to fancy wash
ed; 9%@lO%c for fair to strictly good washed;
7*i@S%c for good t osuperior unwashed; 8%,
@9%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12%@15c for prime
to fancy washed; ll@12c for strictly good
washed; 10%@10%c for good washed; 9®10«
for fair washed: 7%@3%c for medium; 5%@
7c for Inferior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9@9%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 8©S%c for good .to
superior unwashed. *
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 29@32c; . extra
heavy, 30® 40c per lb; medium, 27@29c; light,
24@26c; Rough Leather, 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35©39c for No. 1 and 30@33o
for No. 2; medium, -30@37c; light, 29@o5c;
Skirting No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2, 3B®38c; Collar
Leather, 15@l(ic per foot: Trace Leather, 40©
44c: Kip, unfinished. 40@50o per lb; Veal, fin
ished. l<;©17e per foot; Belt Knife Splits. ll@
16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $25@2S per ton; stick,
$16@1S. per cord. . ¦
OIL— Linseed is lower. California' Castor OH.
in cases. No. 1, 70c; pure. $1 20: Linseed Oil.
in barrels, boiled. Ipc; raw. 73c; cases. 5c mora;'
Lucol, 68c for boiled and 66c for raw, in bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrets,
$1; cases. $1 05; China Nut, 57%®6Sc per gal
lon,' pure Neatsfoot. In barrels, 70c; cases. 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil. natural white.
40<&50c per gallon:. Fish Oil. barrels. 42%c;
cases, 47 %c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and B8M>c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl OH, in cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
'Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
in cases. 22 %c: Benzine, in bulk. 14ftc;-ln
cases, 21c; 8ti-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In
cases, 2G%e.
TURPENTINE — 69c per gallon in cases and
63c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7@
7%c per lb; White Lead, 6?i@7%c, according
to quantity.
SALT— Liverpool. $30@32 50 for the best and
$28®29 for factory filled. Domestic: — Imitation
Liverpool. $2O 25<327; H. R. H.. $26 25®27;
California Dairy. 50-lb bags, $2S; Rock Salt.
$18 50@19 60, according to quantity; Granu
lated $26 25@27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 50@47 per flask for lo
cal use and $44 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as' follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, '4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, 3. 75c : Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels. 10c more: half -barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
6c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels 'or its equivalent.
1 LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S©19 50: extra, sizes,
higher; Redwood, $17@20; Lath. 4 feet, $3 90®
i 4; Pickets. $19; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and
1 $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14
i for sawn; Rustic. $25©31.
i . Receipts of Produce.
I FOR TUESDAY. MAY 27.
; Flour qr sks 6.081 Straw, tons ..... 5
Wheat, ctls .... 2,425 Shorts, ska .... 250
Barley, ctls ....14, 090 Tallow, ctls .... 243
Oats, ctls 940;Hldes, No 281
Corn, -ctls . 850 Pelta. bdls ..... 133
Beans. .sks ..... 737 Quicksilver, flsks 81
Potatoes, sks ... 1,635 (Leather, rolls .. 153
Onions, sks l,134|Wlne. gala 64,050
Wool, bales .... 290 1 Lime, bbls ¦. 364
(Hay, tons 344 1 Powder, cars ... a
! Bran. Bk9 v 590 j Paper, car 1
Middlings, sks .. 3911
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks ... 264
i WASHINGTON.
| Flour, qr sks 9.768 Bran, sfta 8.875
] Potatoes, sks . . . 1.425 Flaxseed. ska . . 1,368
CHICAGO, May'. 27.— After .making good
gains corn easily took the., lead again to-day by
a point . In activity and gains. The trading
throughout the session was very strong and the
buying that put. up prices was of the best char
acter. ' Everything favored | the bulls. ¦ • Cold
weather started .the upturn, but decreased
stocks, smaller receipts ¦ with smaller. to come,
higher cables and a good cash demand were the
added influences that frightened. the shorts into
thinking their day of reckoning had come. July
corn opened %@%c to %c up at 63%c to 63%@
63 %c, Jumping to 64 %c and closing strong; %@
%c ud at 64%c. , J
Wheat made further : moderate' advances to
day. The corn strength as much as anything
was the factor. General sentiment was bullish
but there were some bullish influences at work.
In the main the commission houses are getting
a little more. business from the country and the
pit consequently showed a more fairly active
condition. Cables were slightly higher, and In
fluenced only a steady, opening. Crop prospects
were still very good, and cash demand and the
premium for cash over the manipulations. were
the principal factors.- . Traders were paying
some, attention to reports of officials of the
Great Northern Railway, that - the Northwest
has practically no wheat offered, and up to date
this road has carried 55,000 bushels of wheat.
Bradstreet'a visible supply showed a decrease
of 2,779,000 bushels and Influenced' some ad
vances. July opened a shade lower to a shade
higher at 73%@73%c, sold to 74%c and closed
firm, %@%c up.at 74%c. - t
Oats followed corn -and wheat. July closed
ftrm %@%c higher at 37%@37%c.
Provisions-' were very strong eariy on the
higher, prices for hogs and on the very small
offerings. The sentiment was very bullish for
a time and. there was a good packers' support.
Commission houses' did some fair buying.
Toward the close the profit-taking caused a loss
of some advance but the tone was still strong.
July pork closed 10c up, lard 5@7%c higher and
ribs 7%®10c up. --'' " v . ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows: ¦"...
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet
Shipment of $11,272 in specie to' China. >
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer. Spot Wheat unchanged. ...
Barley and Oats firm, but quiet.
Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.'
Beans and Seeds inactive zt previous prices.
No further change in Hay and Fcedstuffs.
Butter in lively competition and higher. .
Cheese plentiful and weak. Eggs doing better.
Large output of Dried Apricots predicted.
Peach crop expected to be large and the Pear crop very small.
Prunes promise a moderate yield. . ' ; i
Nuts firmly held. Raisins nominal. Honey quiet. '
Provisions didl and unchanged. Cottolene again advanced:
Good shipping Wools moving off freely. ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ;
Hops well held by grozvers, with a good crop promised.
Linseed Oil declined. . v " .
Poultry firmer under moderate arrivals.
Potatoes and Onions in ample supply and easy. : /
Fruit market well cleaned up and steady.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Hide market as previously quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS:
?nS? Si faciflc... 100 ,40% 40% ; 40%
Toledo St L , & West 200 21 21 20%
l et L & \y pfd .... ,V 37yl
Wg£££ s II 111
W&L Erie 2d pfd. 500 35 34% 34%
Wisconsin Central . 2.000 28% 27$ 28%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 13,000 51 . 4»« 50 %
Express Comnanles-1 ™ . "
Adams ¦;..'¦ .".-.- ., ;j* .... *>00
American ... " * * *-*"¦* *¦**-": 091
United States ..... '.'.'.'. "" "" 1T5
Wells Fargo • "... - ? "" " 200" *
Miscellaneous — j """* """" "
Amalgam Copper .. 8,600 70 69% 67%
Am Car & Found. 11,(500 31% 31 • 31%'
Am Car &F.pfd... 900 91 90% 90%
Am Linseed Oil ... .200 25% 25 21%
Am Lin Oil pfd... 110 52 52 ,51
Amer. Loco .... 1,000 33% 31% 33%
Ame^ Loco pfd y 100 94% 93 93%
Am Smelt & Ref.. 11,800 . 49 48% 48%
Am Smelt & R pfd. COO 97% 97 90%
Anaconda Min Co. . 900 117% 117 118
Brooklyn Rap Tran 6.400 67% 66% 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3.900 100% 99% 100%
Consolidated Gas .. 2,000 223 220 221%
Con Tobacco pfd.: 200 121- 121 120%
General Electric .. ....¦.'" '315
KCSouthern.,... 500 33% 33.. 33%
K C Southern pfd. 300 61% 01 61%
Hocking Coal .... 100 18 IS 18
Intern Paper ..-..» , 20%
Intern Paper pfd. .. ' 74
Intern Power 100 70 70 60
Laclede Gas '. 88%
National Biscuit .. 100 - 47% 47% 47%
National Lead-... 2,400 '23% 22% 22%
North American • . 200 123% 122% 121 %
Pacific Coast ..... .. .... 66
Pacific Mail 200 41 . 40%- 41
People's Gas 1.800 102% 101% 103-
Pressed Steel Car. . 20,000 60% 47 47
Pressed S Car pfd. 900 87% 86 86%
I Pullman Pal Car.. COO 236 236 ' 23-1
• Republic Steel .... 1,600 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel prd. 400 73% 73% 74
Sugar ¦ 19,«00 129% 127% 128%
1 Tenn Coal & Iron.. 500 63% 63% 63%
Union Bag & P Co. -200 15 15 15
U B & P Co pfd.. 100 82 82' ' SI. ¦
U S Leather ..... 900 13% 13% 13
U S Leather pfd... 300 S4% 84' 84
U S Rubber ...... v... .... Y. 14 it
US Rubber pfd... 200 56% - 50% 56%
U S Steel ....10.400 40 3f>% 39%
U S Steel pfd V... 6,400 »0% * 80% 8!)%
western Union .... 100 90% " 90% ' 90%
Total sales.. ...307.800
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2s, reg.lOS%;L & N unified 4sllO3'
Do 2s, coupon.. 108%. Mex Cent 4s.,... 82%
Do 3s, reg......lO7% Do 1st Inc 32
Do 3s, coupon.. 107% Minn & St L 4s.. 105%
Do new 4s, reg.136% M, K & T 4s.... 101%
Do new 4s,coup.l36% Do 2ds ...... .-. 82%
Do old 4s, reg..H0% N Y Cent lsts... 104%
Do old 4s,coup.llO% NYC gen 3y.s..lO8
Do 5s. reg 105% Do 3s T...13S%
Do 5s, coupon.. 105% Nor Pac 4s .. 104%
Atch gen, 4s 103% Do 3s 73%
_ D ° adj 4s Mty jjor & W con 4s. 101%
Bal & Ohio 4s... 102% Read Gen 4s;... 100
°o 3 %s A 96% S L & IM con 5s.ll6%
.Do conv 4s ....107 S L & S F 4s. ... 98
Can So 2ds 109 St Louis So lsts. SS%
Cent of Ga 5s 108% Do 2ds gS»4
mP° » ls^ lnc 85% |S A & A Pass 4s. 90
Ches & O 4%s....l00%!So Pac 4s 95%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% So Ry Cs 122%
C,B & Q new4s. 90 Tex & Pac lsts.. 121%
C,M & BtP gn4s.H5 T. St L & W 4s.. 82%
C & N Con 7s 138 Union Pac 4s. ...106
C. R I & p 4s.. 111% Do conv 4s ...107%
C. C. C&StL gn4slO4 Wabash lsts ....120
Chi Term 4s.:... 90 Do 2ds ....... 112%
Colo & So 4s.... 91% Do Deb B .... 75%
D & Rio G 4s.... 103% West Shore lsts. 114
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% W & L E 4s 94
Erie Gen 4a 88 Wis Cent 4s. 94
F W & D C lsts.115% Con Tobacco .... 66%
Hock Val 4%s... 110% -.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ..... 12
Alice .,...'. ; 45 Ontario ... 8 00
Breece 60.Ophir ....125
Brunswick Con... 10 Phoenix 06
Com Tunnel 05% Potosl ...;..;.... 33
Con Cal & Va.... 1 30 Savage ]2
Deadwood Terra. 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 15
Horn Sliver ..... 1 30 1 Small Hopes".... 40
Iron Sliver 75jStandard 3 25
LeadviUe Con ... 1 05 !
., BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — U S Steel 39%
Call loans 4%@5 Do prefd S'J%
Time loans .....4 @0 Westing Common.100%
Bonds — " . .Mining —
Atchison 4s 102% Adventure 23%
Gas lsts 94 Amalgamated ... <S9%
Mex Cent' 4s ..... 81..' Daly West .-. 44 .
N E G & Coke... 54 Blnghara 36%
Railroads-^ Calumet & Hecla.565 ¦
Atchison 79% Centennial -..:...' 19%
Do prefd .. 98% Copper Range ... 58%
Boston & Albany.262 JDom Coal .135%
Boston & Maine. 200 Isle Royale 12
BoatonElev .....164 Mohawk 43Vi
N Y, N H & H..233 Old Dominion .:. 20%
Fitchburg prefd.. 143 Osceola '..61 1
Union Pacific 104% Parrot 30
Mex Central ...: 20% Quincy .133
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper.. 1%
Amer Sugar ..1. 128% Tamarack 170 •
Do prefd ......118- Trinity 13%
Amer Tel & Tel.179 United States ... 20%
Dom I & Steel... 55% Utah 21%
Gen Electric 314 .Victoria ......... 44'
Mass Electric ... 44% Wlnona 3
Do prefd 90% .Wolverine ....... 65
N EGas & Coke. 4 United Cop 36%
United Fruit ....107%
LONDON STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 96% Mo, Kans & Tex. 26%
Cons for acct.... 90% Do prefd . ..'60 ¦
Anaconda 6 New York Cent.. 160%
Atchison 89% Nor & AVest 58
Do prefd 108% Do prefd 92
Bal & Ohio .....109% Ont & Western.. 33%
Can Pacific .....142% So Railway 37%
Ches & Ohio .... 47%' Do prefd ..97%
Chi Gt Western.. 27% So Pacific 65%
C. M & St Paul.. 174 Union Pacific ...107%
Den & R Grande 43 Do prefd t 90
Do prefd 93 US Steel 41%
Erie 37% Do prefd ...... 02%
Do 1st prefd .. 69% Wabash 27%
Do 2d prefd ... 03 Do prefd -. 45
Illinois Cent 156% Spanish 4s 78%
Louis & Nash ....142 •;
Bar silver,' quiet. 23 %d per ounce.
Money, 2%@3 per cent.
about unchanged. : The market Is firm In tone,
with offerings limited and demand quiet. I State,
common to :good.'7<i?9%c;' prime, 9%@10c;
choice.' 10%@10%c; fancy, lie. .-. t -y-.. i : ¦•• •;-.
1 In prunes - export ¦ and jobbing , demand con
tinues fairly, active for large sizes of new. fruit
and old I prunes show ' a firmer feeling-, though
still somewhat irregular,./ as to prices. New
fruit steady.--- . ¦ V V •—<:.:, ¦
Apricots and Peaches, , steady and quiet. '-¦;¦
PRUNES— 3%@6%c. - . -¦."'-.. ' •-.•• ¦¦¦¦-
APRICOTS— Boxed,, 10%@14c; ; bags, 10%@
12e ' ¦ •' •'¦¦¦¦ ; ; ¦ '¦ ¦ s " ' ¦ ' ' • ¦• '
PEACHES — Peeled, . 14@16c; unpeeled, 8%@
lie.' ¦ ," ¦ .- :-:-; \- . ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦ - 1 ~ : ¦.
THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; : MAY 28, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
11
New York Grain and Produce:
Articles — Open. . High.
Wheat, No. 2
May 74 74%
July. ........ 73% i 74*87,
September... . 72% . 73
December ... - 72% 74%
Corn, No. 2 —
May 63% 64%
July ....I... 63% 64%
September . . 60% 61%,
¦ Oats, No. 2 —
May 43 44%
July (old)... 35% 35%
July (new).. 37% 37%
Sept. (old).-.. 20 29%
Sept. (rew) . . 30% 31 ,
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 10 07% 17 15
September ..17 12% 17 27%
Lard, uer 100 lbs —
July 10 12% 10 20
September . .10 15 10 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July .... 0 57% 0 65
September .. 0 60_ .0 67%
Low. •
' 74 '..' ¦
, 73%
- 72%
73%
•63%.
63%
. 60%
43 ;
35%
37%
29
30%
16 97%
¦ 17 17%
10 12%
10 15
9 57%
0 60
• . Close.
74%
74%
' .74%
64-
64%
61V*
44%
35%
37%
.29%
' 30%
16 97%
17 2^4
10 17%
10 20;
9 62%
9 65
S Es SB oS. 8 •.'.••«¦
STATIONa S-g§3S f§ ?
r-: ? S a 3* : o •?' ¦•¦¦¦ C.
Xetorla 30.04 6i 50 SW Cloudy, .12
Baker ..29.84 RO &0 NE Pt.Cldy .10
Carson 29.S0 7* 48 W Clear .00
I?ureka .30.12 CO 60 W Pt.CWy .04
Fresno 23.94 .88 66 NW. Clear .00
Klacetaff 29.76 72 32 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocitello. ld...29.7O 84 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .29.80 88 60 W Clear . .00
Loa Angeles... 29. 9S 72 50 BW Clear .00
Phoenix ......29.74. 00 CO W Clear .00
Portland .....29.08 70 C8 SW Cloudy .00
Red Blurt 29.94 SO
Roseburg: 30.00 72
Sacramento ..29.98 70
Salt Lake 29.76 82
Ban Francisco. 30.10 60
S. L. Oblspo. .30.06 70
San Diero 29.96 B6
Seattle 29.96 70
Spokane 29.78 86
Neah Bay 29.98 58
Walla Walla.. 29. S2 84
Winnexnucea ..29.82 84
Fuma 28.74 98
54
58
62
66
52'
50
60
58'
52'
52
60
52
62
SB Clear .00
"W Pt.Cldy .00
S Clear .00
JTW Pt.Cldy T.
' W Clear .00
W Clear .00
NW Clear .00
W Pt.Cldy .00
' SW Cloudy .00
S Cloudy .02
SW -Pt.Cldy .00
SW Clear .00
SW Clear .00
Temperature. 7 a. m. — 52.
S Es SB oS. 8 •.'.••«¦
STATIONa S-g§3S f§ ?
r-: ? S a 3* : o •?' ¦•¦¦¦ C.
Xetorla 30.04 6i 50 SW Cloudy, .12
Baker ..29.84 RO &0 NE Pt.Cldy .10
Carson 29.S0 7* 48 W Clear .00
I?ureka .30.12 CO 60 W Pt.CWy .04
Fresno 23.94 .88 66 NW. Clear .00
Klacetaff 29.76 72 32 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocitello. ld...29.7O 84 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .29.80 88 60 W Clear . .00
Loa Angeles... 29. 9S 72 50 BW Clear .00
Phoenix ......29.74. 00 CO W Clear .00
Portland .....29.08 70 C8 SW Cloudy .00
Red Blurt 29.94 SO
Roseburg: 30.00 72
Sacramento ..29.98 70
Salt Lake 29.76 82
Ban Francisco. 30.10 60
S. L. Oblspo. .30.06 70
San Diero 29.96 B6
Seattle 29.96 70
Spokane 29.78 86
Neah Bay 29.98 58
Walla Walla.. 29. S2 84
Winnexnucea ..29.82 84
Fuma 28.74 98
54
58
62
66
52'
50
60
58'
52'
52
60
52
62
SB Clear .00
"W Pt.Cldy .00
S Clear .00
JTW Pt.Cldy T.
' W Clear .00
W Clear .00
NW Clear .00
W Pt.Cldy .00
' SW Cloudy .00
S Cloudy .02
SW -Pt.Cldy .00
SW Clear .00
SW Clear .00
Temperature. 7 a. m. — 52.
Articles — Open. . High.
Wheat, No. 2
May 74 74%
July. ........ 73% i 74*87,
September... . 72% . 73
December ... - 72% 74%
Corn, No. 2 —
May 63% 64%
July ....I... 63% 64%
September . . 60% 61%,
¦ Oats, No. 2 —
May 43 44%
July (old)... 35% 35%
July (new).. 37% 37%
Sept. (old).-.. 20 29%
Sept. (rew) . . 30% 31 ,
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 10 07% 17 15
September ..17 12% 17 27%
Lard, uer 100 lbs —
July 10 12% 10 20
September . .10 15 10 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July .... 0 57% 0 65
September .. 0 60_ .0 67%
Low. •
' 74 '..' ¦
, 73%
- 72%
73%
•63%.
63%
. 60%
43 ;
35%
37%
29
30%
16 97%
¦ 17 17%
10 12%
10 15
9 57%
0 60
• . Close.
74%
74%
' .74%
64-
64%
61V*
44%
35%
37%
.29%
' 30%
16 97%
17 2^4
10 17%
10 20;
9 62%
9 65THE, SAN FK A2STCISGO CALL, WEDlSHESp^Yj ; MAY 28 •?: 1902.
12
-- ~ HELP- WAX TED— -MALE— Con. ¦¦_'¦¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. i . .429 ' Bush st
.... Between Kearny st. > and Grant ave. ....
Free fare ..... .............' Free fare
..;...;.- NEW RAILROAD WORK •......••
Ship to-da y ¦;............: ; .... Ship . to-day
.::...:."...... FOR NEVADA ••••
V 500 teamsters ..: ;.$2 and $2 25 a day
- 500 laborers *2 a day
500 rockmen . . .... . . . .......... .$2 25 a day
500 concrete men ....... ':..:..... .$2 25 a day
.:.... FOR CHATSWORTH- PARK .".....
500 tunneltnen; " drillers/ muckers and outside
laborers........ ....,#1 75 to *3 a day
............... .Ship To-day, •¦••
. Frco fare Free fare
V 50 laborers, near city, $2 a day: 20 laborers,
country sawmill. $2 to $2 75 a day; 20 farm-
ers," milkers choremen and others, $25.' £JU
and $35; carpenters, blacksmiths and others..
........ .HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, $35;. pantryman, $30, same
country hotel; second and third cooks for Ari-
zona, $50 and $35, free fare: 6 second cooks
and broilers, city. $50 to $70; head waiter,
summer resort, $50; 6 waiters, country hotels,
$25. $30 and. $35: washer, country laundry.
$60; polisher, country laundry, $30; plain
.laundryman for springs. $30; starcher coun-
try laundry. $55; 20 dishwashers, kitchen
hands and others. $20 to $30.. ••• •••
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
......... Opposite . California • Hotel
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 638 Clay
¦; ;¦ Phone Main 1191 •
500 teamsters, concrete men, rock men and
eteam shovel dumpers.. $2 25 to $2 50 per day
..FREE FARE TO-DAY ...
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, .Battle Mountain,
Palisade and Carlin; ship direct..
175 railroad men; S. P. Co. and Santa Fe. . .
27. boys to learn trades $4 to $9 per week
8 car builders • £* P er
3 cabinet makers £* per day
17 laborers; mine. $2 per day
8 carmen .$2 per day
5 miners: south -|2 per day
20 quarrymen -*2 per day
Cooks, waiters, etc., city... $7 50, $60 per mo.
1 camp cook; see boss here $35 per month
7 tie swampers, Mendocino Co.$35 per month
3 tie sledders. Mendocino Co... $40 per month
18 tie makers. Mendocino Co Top price
' 24 farm hands $1 25 per day
3 boys for drug store $5 per week
1 blacksmith .$3 per day
1 blacksmith's helper $2 per day
13 laborers and miners. San Benlto Co.....
; $2 to $2 so
26 tanbark "peelers; see boss here; $45 and fd.
Man to take charge fruit ranch; see boss here
Many other positions; call and see our bul-
letlns. ; - . . ¦¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
2 pantrymen, $25; porter, $20; waiter. $30;
- barber. For resort, $30. -
MAN and wife, fruit ranch. $50; man and wife,
private family, see party here 9 o'clock, $50.
MRS. NORTjON. 313 Sutter st
WANTED — Salesman for general store In the
country; one who has had experience In dry
goods, . fancy .goods, . etc.; state references,
which must be unexceptional as to character
and ability.. Address box 486. Call office.
WANTED— Young man not afraid of work, for
Janitor. 3 porter and store work. - H. A.
SMITH. 25 Market st. "
WANTED — Four reliable young men. 16 to 18
years old. Apply Western Basket ! & Mfg^,
Co.. 060 Bryant st. •
A STEADY man with small capital can secure
a good living in a cigar store. - Inquire cigar
factory, 257 Fourth st. near Folsom.
GOOD barber wanted at 664 Mission st.
WANTED— At once. 10 tinners. Apply at Rls-
don Iron- Works, Potrero.
A GOOD bootblack wanted, at 1531 Polk st.
near Sacramento. . . ¦--¦y.r'.
TAILOR for country, . 225% Montgomery ave.
A TAILOR to work on coats. 364% Third st.
PRESSER on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st
WAITER wanted. 8 Hayes St. ) t '— .
TAILOR wanted for country. Apply Phelan
bldg., room 346.
WANTED— First-clads . bushelman. MASTEN.
the Tailor, 701 Geary st •
WANTED — Salesman . on gents' furnishing
goods. 535 Valencia.
A DISHWASHER. Park*Hotel. 26 Turk at
DINING-ROOM porter: f 15 and found. 321
Grant ave. ; call early. •
EXPERIENCED dishwasher wanted. 612
¦ Kearny, st \ . • • ' " - • ¦ -
BOY to work In bakery; chance to learn trade.
427 Larkin st. v ,
BARBER wanted; steady extra. 237% Fifth
street. . .' - :. -'. " ¦ ¦ '.. ...
LUNCH waiter Wanted at 1406 Polk st.
A- COMPETENT architectural draughtsman
wanted. Box 664. Call office. ¦¦
STRAIGHT comDOfiitors wanted. PERNAU
BROS., 543 Clay st. .
YOUNG man or boy . to carry morning paper.
Box 562.. Call. ..
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods ' wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11.
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Strictly sober, reliable young man
' with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
"WANTED — Reliable trustworthy man. partner
first-class cash business, to. keep plain ac-
counts and assist generally; good chance to
suitable party; $350 required. 318 Kearny, r.l.
WANTED — Boy for wholesale house; chance to
advance. Box 1745. Call : office. :
FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith and paint-
er. O'BRIEN'S. 500 Golden Gate ave..
BARBER, working short hours, wants work
. evenings and Sundays. Box 575, Call,
WANTED — Reliable man with $200 to take
retiring partner's interest In a well-estab-
lished . business that will easily pay $75 a
month. . experience not necessary; good op-
portunity for a good man. Address box 585.
Call office. .-.-..
BARBER shop and laundry office, with two
I living rooms; rent $10. • 921 Harrison st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, V.
S. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over C feet 1
inch ; able to speak and read English. For
,, further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Kills st, San Francisco.
WANTED — Young man from 16 to IS years of
I age . to learn the dry goods . business.- State
age, experience. If any, and salary . expected.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Re*no House proprietor, stilt
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
BARBER shops and rooming houses -supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemite Towel
Supply Co.. 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED — A thoroughly competent and expe-
rienced salesman for retail boys' and chil-
dren's .clothing. Address box 415, Call.-
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO. 24
- Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop for sale in
,.San Jose.' Inquire O. DRAG VEITCH " 140
Powell St.. S. F.. or of STOLTZ.'
WANTED— Mechanics, agents and solicitors
Call Inventors' Mfg Co., 137 First st
WANTED— 100 laborers at Hunters Point- $2
per day. City Street Improvement Co.'
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
2000 PAIRS of new and . second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 24J 3d.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R,
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army snoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. flth.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart »t SJSSfl
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 5G3 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts. j
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third' st. near Mar-
,- ket — 200 rooms.. 25c night: reading rooms: fre«
.'bus and baggage. to and from ferry. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements -and subscriptions
., received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore. .
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and <
subscriptions has been established at 1090
. Valencia «t. ..- ..
,;• HOUSES TO LET. ]
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir- <
. cular. O.H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six ; rooms; . 9 .'. Ewer ' place. - off J
Mason, between . Clay 1 and • Sacramento. Ap-
¦ ply - 10 Ewer place. . .--.-. . . ¦
$30 — SUNNY modern 2-story bay-window house 5
of 7 -rooms and bath. 720 Broderlck at. J
HOVSES; TO .LET-^PtnNISUBD. .
FURNISHED/house'to rent, for months June
- and July; piano and telephone; terms mod- -
; erate to • responsible parties, r. Apply at 2526 1
r .Washinsrton - st. . -. ¦
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
cr.til 12 o'clock every night la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; opea until 8:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. Ok
E1S Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street' corner Sixteenth; opea
cat'.! 9p.B.
106 Eleventh street; open nntfl 9 p. m.
109G Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
v North west corner Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
STARR KING\Lodre, U. D., F. and A. jm
M.. Mowu"!' Hall, will meet THIS _JV-
(WEDXESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 tLJT
o'clock. First Degree. By order of/V»
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge Xo. 44. F. and a
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (WED- _#\-
KESDAT) EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. TXJT
Third Decree. * ~ *
THEO. FROXJCH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. m
M.— D. 2d THIS, May 28. at 7:30 p: m
By order of the W. M. . , H.JC
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. /?'
EXCELSIOR Lodjre No. 166. F. and A. j»
M. — Tliird Degree THIS (WEDNES- _J%_
DAY) EVENING. May 2S. at 7:30 jCjf
o'clock. - H. J. OWEX. Sec / jt »
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- A
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. WJf
Third Degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec /^r>
KING SOLOMXWS Lo5ee Xo. 260. F. m
and A. M. f 1S39 Ftimore st — Third „#%_
Degree THIS (WEDJTESDAY) EVEN- jC3f
ING. at 7:30 o'cloet /^r 1
¦ HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. F. < gs&ai{fe.
— Initiation THIS (WEDXES- Jg^SSSSi
DAY) EVEXIXG, May 2S. A full
attendance is desired. Visitors
cordially invited. By order
J. M. C RIDDLE. N. O.
C. BRIXP. Bee. Sec.
XVAXHOE Lodge Xo. 5, K. of P.. »
will confer the KXIGHT RANK «fc Jl* ,
(long form) WEDXESDAY. Mas 28. <j2£K-
1902. at Pythian Castle, 909H Mar- "<CS)I5
ket etreet, at 8:30 p. m. Members of sister
lodges cordially invited.
M. J. BROPHT. a a
O. XORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
BAY CITY Lodge Xo. 117. K. of P.. 2(r
223 Sutter Ft — The rank of Knight R^
(long form) will be conferred THIS *&C«&*
(WEDXESDAY) EVEXIXG. So- <4s£3
Journing and brother Knights are cordially
invited to be present
CHAS. C. MORRIS. K. of R. and S.
VETERAXS X. G. . C -will meet >. V/&
at headquarters WEDXESDAY ?•«»%
EVEXIXG. May 28, at 7 o'clock. *£&.
March from there to Occidental Hotel,
where annual banquet will be given. Tickets
at headquarters.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENT.
AXCIEXT Order of Foresters and Com-ijj*
. ; panions of the Forest will hold their £t
-Sih annual picnic at California Jt'\
Schuetzen Park -on FRIDAY. May 30, fc_5»
19C2; valuable gate and game prizes; adult's
ticket, round trip, including admission to
b park, 50c; children under 12 years, 25c; boats
leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Market st, 9
and 11 a. m. and 12:35 and 3:30 p. m.
S. J. SEVERAXCE. President
M. BOEHM, Secretary.
FIFTEENTH annual picnic of 4y*£&SP
i Sens of St George will be &fAJJ5l Vaw
fceld May 30, 1902. at Glen- -^yuJSv O^i
wood Park, Santa Cruz H"v^W^vC!2SW
. Mountains. Leave ferry l\El^Sr
7:45 ar.d 8:45 p. m. Tick- \ - A&Sx^
ets, cduit.s Jl. children 50
THE Caledonian. Club will hold its . «jr >*,
tliirty-fixih grand annual eather- CsaJ
• ing and carries at Shell Mound 'JXXE*
Park, FP.IDAY, May 30. 1902. The
most renowned athletes from the East and
Pacific Coast will compete. Prizes amount-
Ing to over $3000 will be distributed. In ad-
dition to the above, a frold medal. • valued at
(250, \\ -ill be awarded to the best player oa
the bagpipes of Scotch national airs, con-
sisting- or pibrochs, marches, strathspeys and
reels. Highland dancing on platform by
lads and lassies in costume. Over 40 exciting
- events on the programme! Get one. Full
band for pavilions. Dancing until 8 p. m. A
Scotch welcome extended to all. Buy round
trip tickets to Shell Mound Park. Admission
to grounds, edults. 50c; children, 25c.
¦ A. M. MacPHERSOX. Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market Bt., San Francisco,
Cal., on MOXDAY, the 26th day of May,
1902. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
•serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of 6iich other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16, 19C2. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
The above meeting has been postponed
until Monday. June 2. 1902. at 3 o'clock p..m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
IF you are not making $10 a day, write at
once for our proposition. Box 488. Call.
.ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~
K. W. KIXG. alty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorcee a epecialty; quick; quiet;
no charce without success: established 16 yrm.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THCRSTON, 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
Vet ?t.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
At.I.KX has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market. 1968 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
ROBIEOX'S BIRD STORE—
335 and 337 Kearny st
ALL KIXDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
largest and best appointed place In tbf country.
BOOKS — SEW AKD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
¦ H. C. Holmes 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
ULSIM2SS CHAACES.
A — 5700; SALOON, only one block north of
Market St.; net rent $25; a good paying busi-
ness; value in sight For particulars see R.
_ G. WILKE. 2G4 Kearr-y Et >
A— $1400; HALF interest in one of the best
paying saloons In this city. Particulars R.
G. \MLKE. 2U^ Kearny st
A— $1600; RESTAURANT on Market if dally
receipts about $C0; lease; splendffl chance- a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE • 2*iW
Kearny et
A — ll'JZO; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant near
Market and Powell ets.; value 52500- make
an otter; sickneEs cause of selling. See R.
G. WILlvi;. 2U^ Kearny st
A — $250: RESTAURANT; cost to fix up $000;
rent $lo; eplendid location; a great bargain
and good business. Call R. G. WILKE 2<i¥,
Keafny st. -
A- $450; BAKERY established years; all store
trade; rent $40; 3 rooms and kitchen; baking
1 barrel per day. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 Mi
A SALOON on Fourth et. near Market- S650
A saloon; half interest; $700.
A branch bakery and notions; $550.
, Call R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st
A— DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
dopot clearing above $^50 per month; estab.
yecrs; the btst Investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26\j Kearny.
A— fSGO; PARTXER wanted in fine paying and
best located restaurant on Sutter «t-: sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. See H_
G. WILKE. 2G% Kearny st. *"
A PATROX invested $10u with us; his average
dividends were $5 15 a week; in less than
five months he had drar.n as much in divi-
dends &s his principal; why not do the same
j-ourseif? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years,- and never a
toes; we accejit accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend lor week t nil ins 21ay 24, $5 os; write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
<.1.~>, - Ktnma. Sjjrcckela building.
A— ?300; PARTNER wanted', In light business;
$13 to $25 a week; no night or Sunday work;
' duties lig-ht and easily learned; trial given
l/clore buying. 25 Geary st., room 1.
A — Hardware. t>aint and oil business In very
best town this State; nets $250 mo.; invoice
»r.y stock: no good - will; snap rent See
Hedges. 4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market.
$K»00 — PARTNER In manufacturing business,
wholesale and retail; purpose, to enlarge fac-
tory ; no agents. For particulars, box 505,
Call office.
3OOD raying cigar Eta nd with furnished house-
, keeping rm. ; owner leaving city; 5200. 333 3d.
BRANCH bakery, groceries, candy, notions and
¦cbool supplies, near school. Sll^S Bryant st
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued. ¦'_"«
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, .born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles 60o t
gents $1; palm, and clalr. alt. $1 50, 126 Turk.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high - psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOUSER, wpnderful medium ; truth, or
no pay;. full life readings 50c 704 Howard.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50; readings dally. 132 Sixth Bt.
CARPET BEATING AND -CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted . with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
' plo. A. G. Klelnert, 1512 Polk ; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3>4c yd ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
'tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM.& CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 2C3.
MODERN Co.: lowest rates for machine clean-
lng. Phone Mint 301. Office 923 Mission st.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. • H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. ,
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
va ting Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.-
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market 8t.
'¦ ' COTTAGES i TO ' LET. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ \
$16 — SUNNY cottage; 6 rooms; larga basement;
yard. 137 Dolores st., near Fifteenth.
'¦I EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF^E^SctTOCAiTeNGI^
NEERING^ — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. « ¦ * •
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
. keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
nees College, 1236 Market Bt.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed by official court reporters.
1382 Market st
HEALD'S SCHOOL>©F MINES, 24 POST 6T.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and- mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
6chool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 1 Market
st, for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest In the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864.. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com" 1 College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F.— Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg.. penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. .-
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
¦yFORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago "Business College. 1435 Market, nr. lOtb;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $0 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme".
Carusl, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo
by taklng<>p lessons. 50c lesson. 1484 Market
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
* etc. ; day, or ev<y ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th."
SI J?t R J I J AI SP tau * h t by mail or. personally",
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery stl
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S F ¦
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
j DENTISTS. ~~
ELECTRO-DENTAirCLmfcrsoS^MXrteT^CT.
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
U-ssFly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. P.P. S.. Manager!
EASY Pental Parlors. 6 Turk st, cor. Mason
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators-
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings 50c-
rJates. $5. full set; all work rainless and'war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Slxth\ st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kei>rny, cor. Bush
rull set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. . ¦' • ¦ .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
cortet-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st.. nr. 7th & Howard.
L ilX M .5 X jr OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — JapaneseTc"hl1
ctse help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese EmploymenPofflce—
Beet help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426."
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. .-
JAP reliable housecleaning. cooks waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese 'Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE Protestant woman wlshes~a
position as cook, housework, or will take en-
tire charge of a household ; Is a very good
cook and manager; references; wages $30 per
month. Call at 958 Mission st. !
INTELLIGENT Eastern woman wishes situa-
tion; good cook and housekeeper. 1037% Mar-
lcct st, room 36.
SWEDISH girl desires a situation as cook
or to do housework. • Please call In the fore-
noon at 872 Greenwich st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires- cooking and
• housework for a family of adults. Please call
at SIS Minna sf. basement.
SWEDISH lady' wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country; best of refer-
ences. Box 427. Call office. .
COMPETENT 'woman wishes work by the day
washing or 'housecleaning; willing. 254 Jes-
sie St., second floor.
SITUATION wanted housecleaning or as Jant-
tress or help with care of child; sleep home.
MRS. B., 90 Shipley st.
SPANISH Castile woman, first-class : cook,
wishes situation;' city, .$35; country, $40.
Please call 1C05 Polk sfT .
A GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework: wages $15 a month: 27 Isis st,
off Twelfth, below Folsom. ,\ , /.
MAN and wife wish situation on ranch or take
-care of country place ;. reference and experi-
ence. Address 435 Fulton st '
WANTED— By a middle-aged woman, position
as housekeeper a short distance In country.
Call or address 2005 Golden Gate ave. : ¦¦¦':
NEAT, reliable woman will do 'general house-
Trork.and cooking in email family; small
w&geg. Box 565. Call office.
COMPETENT woman with good references
wants work by the day. -230 Broderlck st-
GOVERNESS' position* wanted by, a lady of
-education and refinement; kindergarten and
muEic specialties:.- best s Eastern and State
references: no objection to country H. H"
Box 63. Frultvale. Cal. i ' ¦,-.-''
REL1 ABLE woman . wishes work • by . the day
washing, ironing, housecleanlnvr - or sewing;
$1 50 per day. * 148 Sixth at, ; room ¦ 22. v •'
YOUNG girl • wishes a position - for general
: housework; wages $15. 4330 Seventeenth sf
A ' SWEDISH ¦ lady ; wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country: best of refer-
, ences. Box 427. Call office. * .. ¦ ¦
LADY would like plain*, washing and barbers'
- washing to do at home. Address MRS. MAR-
TIN. 304 Third st. ' y " ,
WINCHESTER House,' 44 Third St.. near Mar- 1
• ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night • $1 50
to 56 week; convenient and respectable; freo
bus and baggage to and from; ferry. ', - '
"WANT ad* and ¦ subscriptions taken :. for The
,;Call at Baton's Bazaar. &'I9 McAllister st: ;¦,"* ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements '¦¦ and ' subscriptions ¦
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office., for; Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- -
lencla sf -"agMHBjMaijIBl
_^BCSlNE8S-CHAjrCESj--Con«niBed ;^^
A — BAKERY in Western Addition; lance store
and wagon trade; selling on account of sick-
ness • • • . Country peddilnjj outfit will be
sold' for its actual worth; owner retiring;
fine opportunity. ?..• • Restaurant on Six-
teenth st; owner going north; a bargain;
cheap rent' • • • For particulars call on
JOSEPH ETRAUB, 850 Market st
FOR SALE — $400; cigar stand; billiard room;
owner leaving State; must sell; clears $80
month; full examination permitted. Box
4S5. Call office. . • . . - . ¦ •
$350 — LUNCH and coffee parlor; fit for 2 part-
ners or man and wife. For particulars call
at 796 Folsom at '.'¦-.
MECHANICS' boarding-house in manufactur-
ing . district; full of boarders; cheap rent;
price $900. Eltel & Carroll. 1032 Market st
AN old-established real estate office for* sale
cheap on account of sickness; price $200: a
snap. Coast Real Estate Co., 783^ Market
GOOD growing paper route for sale cheap. Ap-
ply 1744 Hade ; st
CANDY store and factory; good opportunity;
good reason for selling. Apply 142S Dupont
A GOOD plumbing business; a good chance to
the right party. Inquire Emma Spreckels
building, room 607. M. H. RODMAN.
FOR sale — A country tailoring establishment
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
Store, with large basement below Kearny, suit-
able for bowllEg. games; lease. 636 Clay, r. 1.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dls
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SA^^a
BARGAINS and many choice Investments li
first-class lodging and boarding houses at al
times; bona fide buyers are welcome to in
epection; kindly call at office. -
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st, bet. 5th' and 6th.
Phone Mint 191L ' •
7-ROOM modern flat; downtown; well furnish
•d; rent $35; price- $500.
. SCHWBTNHARD,
817 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
FINE bay-wiDdow corner house: 28 rooms
good transient business; good furniture; earn
$150 monthly; wlh exchange for property
• Dries $5000.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st.. bet 5th and 6th.
8 ROOMS; $25 cash, balance monthly.... $20
20 rooms; clears $60 20'
18 rooms; Just listed 65i
12 rooms; snap 45)
80 rooms; clears $250; investigate 320
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100... 130)
100 rooms; clears $600 950(
40 rooms; $1000 cash, balance monthly. 2201
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
A. CAMERON &. CO.,
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.,
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phono Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming houses or bus!
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we cai
suit you: have bargains in- hotels, lodging
houses, flats; all sizes and prices; in all parti
of city. • - _ ,-Y . .
Money loaned, 1% jter .cent
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market «t
We have rooming-houses, all sixes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms-; good location;. Al furnished.. $85<
20 rooms; sunny; good renter........... 05(
8 rooms; tunny fiat; corner............ 20(
11 rooms; downtown; good 7<X
18 rooms;- rent $37 50; make offer »0t
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $650*
300 rooms; corner house: for men 500(
" 16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location. 150<
14 rooms;. rent very low; bargain 60(
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 70(
Money loaned at 1 per cent. -
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, T~
£50 Market st — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. '
New houses to lease.
BUY your bouses direct from a furniture dealei
on easy payments.
10 rooms; clears $40 $50(
11 rooms; clears $30 ...$35(
8 rooms; clears $30 $301
And other bargains. 842 Howard st
MASON st. 10 rooms, $700; 8 r.. $475; 22 r.,
$1400; Kearny *t. 18 r., $1700; 21 r., $1400.
These are all good paying places; 70 more
houses, south and north, at tJI prices; we
tr»at all customers best and honest as possi-
ble. McBRIDE & CO.. 765-Market Et
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market st (upstairs), near Call building;
good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 456;
big list hotels and lodging-houses.
WE have a number of the most centrally lo-
cated and best-paying rooming-houses In th<
city for sale; if you want a bargain call and
eee our list. TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis
et (Glasgow . block), room 10.
LODGING-HOUSE of 7 rooms, $100 cash and
$100 time; rent $15. 327% 3d st; no agents.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test ' seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Fri.' nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c; readings dally. 1002 Ellis st.
PROF. HOLTMAN, medium and gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 1228 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. \
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; ppirlts speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri.. Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and. bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th., nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve., 25c; readings 'dally.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak — Circles Tues. and
Fri., 8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p.m.; 10c; read, dally.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ..
60c, 50c 326^b'Farren st— 326. . . .50c, 50c.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered as well as the first ¦
graduate palmist and clairvoyant
ever in San Francisco. •
PAUL DESTINE is, beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing clairvoyant
nnd palmist in the world to-day; extraordinary
clairvoyant power, combined with his superior
knowledge of occult forces, enables him to read
human destiny with unerring accuracy; his In-
formation and advice on marriages, divorce,
separations, love and family affairs, business
transactions, law suits, etc., are accurate and
truthful; he reunites the separated, settles
lovers' quarrels, causes speedy marriages; lo-
cates hidden treasures and mines by a new
method; advises you as to whether or not you
will be successful in mining or in business;
oftentimes, by good advice, he gives you back
your lost . nerve and energy, no matter what
trouble you may have; call and he will help
you. Palml6try taught, mediumistic persons
developed: 5 questions answered by mall 50c
326 — O'FARRELL ST. — 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. : : T~"
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an, accurate
description of the past, reveals the 1 present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium, and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25o
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. . Black 4509.
SPECIAL— 25c. readings, one week; first visit
to your city; clairvoyant, palmist, astrologist,
card and trance reader; this medium has no
equal in telling past, present, future; gives
names, dates and facts; tells what you came
for without your saying- a. word; who and
when you will marry, with proper advice;
evil Influence is ' removed; separated' united;
happy and speedy marriage to your choice
In 9 days; teaches occult science; gives satis-
faction or no pay; hours 10 to 8 daily and
' Sunday.' Parlors 1010 Mission st, nr. Sixth.
A — 60c — RO? — NO HIGHER. "~~"
For thi» week only, advice on lore and a{
business affairs; reunites the separated and
causes speedy marriage; names, dates and
facts • given when others fall. Call on the
world's greatest medium and palmist, MME.
J. LYONS. 1016 Market: st, parlors 8 and 9.
A — IE MAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmlet permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a- m. to
6 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person: 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$8; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
FOR\ limited time, Mrs. Reynolds, the famous
¦ life reader, will give her marvelous full life
readings for $1. lOQS^ Market hours 10 to B.
TOUR fortuna told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; eend dime and birth date
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran!
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 12O6'M».rk«
. «t; cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 2<JT
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor st, clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names:50c-$l;10 a:m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: name* given; g5c up. 5 Fourth st
Mme. Marceau. card reader & clairvoyant* la
& gents 25c. 1601 Mission; 10 a. m. to 8 p'.'ml
MME. CATHERINE DEAN, scientific card
reader; readings dally. 132 Sixth st. office 2.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 60c. 521% Eddy.
vgMPLOYMEST WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION in private family ; man and wife ;
¦" Scotch: ¦ general •. work; wife good cook; man
. good house man; wages $60 per month. Box
5C8,^Call office. -; '
FIRST-CLASS cutter, experienced ,' in gents'
and ladies': garments, soeaking^ French,' Ger-
man and Enslish, '¦ wishes situation. "¦ Apply
CHRISTEN, 472 Thirteenth st. Oakland. . .-
YOUNG '- Englishman' 24 respectable, of good
habits and very willing wishes employment,
city or country. - . Address H., box 574. Call.
RELIABLE man wants position a*s choreman
. in; private'- place;- is: good plain cook; J refer-
encc3. Box 570. Call office. -
BAKER' wants -position as- second hand, or
could take charge of small ' shop; country
preferred. Box 571. Call office.
YOUNG man, 23, \ wishes position In grocery
.and bar; with reference; '4 years' / experience.
Address 943 Willow at:. West Oakland. -
PRACTICAL gardener wishes a situation: ref-
s erences. • Address PAUL SCHOOF, Baldwin
House, 30-32 Ellis st. . -. *
SITUATION wanted by expert mechanical
draughtsman; 20 yrs.' experience in the East;
.designing, building & perfecting machinery;
in or. out of- city.- R. M., box 82S, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ' and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
-subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. ¦ ' . < • ,- '. .. .•
' FINANCIAL. ''
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; Etock accepted for ¦ services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post.
•'¦¦'¦ FLATS TO LET.
10 ROOMS. $47 50; 1523 Bush st
8 rooms; $45; 1188 Ellis st . {
10 rooms; $60; 952 Eddy st.
8 rooms; $45; 2414 Van Ness ave.
• 6 rooms; $30; 1310 Ellis st.
: SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et.
BEAUTIFUL new flat 6 rooms; gas & electric
lighted; modern: Mission warm belt. Noe &
Elizabeth sts; Mission and 24th-st. cars pass.
$27 CO— NEW upper flat 8 rooms; 2 toilets:
latest improvements; concrete basement. 130
Second- ave., near California st.
FLAT of 3 large rooms. 29 Rlngold st.', bet
' Eighth and Ninth, off Folsom.
$10 — 1328 Jessie ; • sunny flat, 3 rooms, on Her-
mann St., bet. Valencia and West Mission.'
HAYES, 887%— Flat of 3 rooms and bath;
yard; rent $8. ' .. ' : .. ¦; . ¦ . .
GOLDEN Gate ave., 975, opp. Jefferson Sq.—
.Upper sunny modern flat of 5 rooms and bath.
FILBERT, HOG— Sunny upper flat; 6 rooms and
bath. . — •
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Lower flat
.- of four rooms; sunny. ' • •• •. ; v .
$30 — FINE flat? of 6 rooms, bath and basement.
' 1426 Green St.. near Van Ness ave. ..
UPPER : 4-room flat ! and bath; rent S15. 330
Tehama st.
TWO nice new sunny flats. 1112-1114 Fell st,
near Scott; north side street.
1518 BROADWAY, hear Van Ness ave. — Upper
and lower flat; key at premises.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished flat of five rooms and bath,
with every convenience, from June 1. 204&
Ninth st- . - . . -
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — 4 rms. ;bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
HOWARD. 2726— 5 rooms and bath; piano;
sunny yard; $28: references.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
FOR sale— Fine sunny furnished 7-room flat; no
agents. 355 Polk st. : . . .
\___JFTRJWTURE^FOR SALE.
NEW & up-to-date furniture & carpets of an
¦ S-room modern- sunny flat near Van Neas
ave.. on Eddy, st. ; rare chance. Box 403, Call.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range., King Furniture Co., 1127 T 1131 Market
"BARGAIN— 2" good~blcycles, high gear; also
rooming-house, 6 rms.. all rented. 874 Howard.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days ; special
reasons. S. J.. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
"/...... \ GLOVES. -l
TRY Danlcheft One' Dollar Glove; 'you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED —^FEMALE. • "
AT C. R. HANSEN~& CO.'S. . . . . 429~Bush~6t
A forewoman to act as marker. and distrib-
utor in laundry .. .'. . .'. . ; .". . ..... ..$10 week
Girl to work on mangle.... $6 50 week
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, springs, . fare one way $25
1 waitress, first-class summer resort. .... .$25
2 more .waitresses, Arizona, free tore $25
2 waitresses, country resort.. $20
Man and wife, cook and wife, summer re-
sort ,. $65
Man and wife, laundry work, resort $50
2 laundresses, . summer resort, fare paid.. $50
20 waitresses, city and country .'.¦..'. ..$20-?25
Head waitress, city . . .'. ..;..... .$35
Lunch waitress, no Sunday work.. $4 50 week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
House girl, small American family, Martinez,
$25; ranch cook, fare paid, $25; house girl,
Oakland, $30, party here
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...429 Bush st
" (Opposite California Hotel.)
A COOK and a laundress and dishwasher, sum-
mer resort. $40, $30, $30, party, here at 11 a_m
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....429 Bush st
. (Opposite, California Hotel.)
A REFINED nurse girl ; wages . $15 to $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO........... 420 Bush st
WANTED-r2 laundresses for hotel at springs,
$30,. $35; 2 cooks, $30, $35;"4 second girls. $20,
$25; cook, small restaurant, $30; housekeeper,
$22 50; ranch cook, $25;- 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $7; $8; 2 nurse girls, $20, $25; 2 iron-
ers, for laundry, $9; housework, .Alameda,
$25; head waitress, $35; hotel waitresses, $20,
$25; a large number of girls for housework,
city and country, $20, $25 and $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st
HEAD waitress, $35; waitresses, springs
mountain and water resorts, $25 and
also com'mercial and city hotels. MRS. M
E> DAY. 335 : Geary st. : .- V
HOUSEGIRL, , American family, $30, country,
for summer. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary.
WOMAN -shampooer, baths, city, $25. MRS.
M. E._ DAY, 335 Geary st. . 1
WOMAN to cook for a number of men, $30;
second girl, country. $30 ;, chambermaid, $20 ;
two waitresses, same country ¦, hotel. .-¦ $20
each; housegirl, $30; second girl, $25. MRS.
. NORTON. 813 Sutter st. ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
¦ . ¦ 6 • waitresses for resorts '¦ $20
-f . . , ' . . . •
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
' HOW TO BEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
. LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVl" STRAUSS & CO., 82% FREMONT'
ST. ; MR. D AVI3. ~^
A FEW bright girls, about 18 years of age, to
box - and pack. • . Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove s.ts.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework and
cooking; 3 adults; cairany morning after 9.
1410 O'Farrell st. . , _.¦ , '. ¦ -
WANTED— Experienced Jacket and skirt hands
on alteration work. Apply between 8 and 11
• a-m: at HALE BROS.', • )"\\
GIRL todo light Housework . and take care of
. child; wages $15 t<f$20. 1324 Scott st '. .'.-.-
WANTED — Lady barber; also apprentice. Call
¦ MRS..HAYES. 428 Sixth st.
OPERATORS on ladies'. waists; good pay. I 650
• Mission Bt., ithlrd-floor. ¦ ' "...
FIRST-CLASS talloress; only flrst-cjass need
apply. W.. BARON, 22 Grant ave.
WANTED— A shirt and collar rubber. , Electric
¦ Laundry Co.. 837 Folsom st. -, '.
GIRL, light housework, $15. 2306 ¦ Sutter st. ;
call morning. . . ¦ ft«|um»>;; .
WANTED— Girl for light housework and cook-
lng; 2 in family. '2026 Washington st. ;
WANTED — Girl for housework And cooking. .
. :1542 McAllister St. . ..'••' ;¦: -¦'
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist ¦ light house-
work; wages $10; good home. 77^ Fourth st' ¦
"WANTED^-Youngr girl or elderly lady for.HghY 1
, housework, y 24 Angelica ' st, off , Nineteenth."
GIRL wanted for general 'housework and cook-
¦\ Ing. •;.; 1423 Larkin st. ; call from 9, to 12. .
JV ANTED— Finishers on custom coats." 40 El-
» Ha , st.. ¦ room 52. r-SEfaWflBWMWSMB»ttwteilBgff ..
First-class 'experienced stenographer > and type- '
¦writer. Give qualifications, .; box / 5C0. Call.
AN experienced finisher 'on coats; also opera-
¦-. tor.. 364^:.Thlrd st; , : , ' . ' : ,
EXPERIENCED ¦ nurse - for child > three years .
> old. • Apply 2604 Howard > st. -f- : ; ! ¦
. HOUSES TO . LET — COTOTRY.
MENLO <Fair Oaks)— New cottage. 7 rooms.
bath : furnished. >A. R. HARRISON.- 78 Geary.
; horses D y A^ saL ..\:
THREE well-matched stylish carriage teams,
average weight 2500 pounds: perfectly train-
ed: two coal black, teams, stand 16:3 hand3.
average weight 2450; six work horses, averasa
. weight 1400. and six fine large driving horses.
Just from the country: these are all well
broken; trials given. Call atOCCIDEXTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G. LAYNG. Pro-
prietor, 246 THIRD ST.. rorlherly 721 How-
ard st
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
YOU can find what you want in the horse line
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 HowarJ
st. near Third; phone Main 1150. - '
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M." L. PANCOAST, Sec.. 5* 0 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale^ — A bay mare; sound. New Post-
/ office Stable. Jessie, bet. 6th and 7th.
FOR sale^ — Team first-class work horses. J.
, SULLIVAN, 200 Sagamore st. Ocean View.
FINE Rockaway, In first-class condition, for
sale. Address 519 Fourth st
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.driving .horses. 15th& Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission at
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
— _— — -^— ______
RICH . minl&g claim at Nome; too good to
miss; terms very reasonable. The, Investor**
Agency. 137 Montgomery st, S. F. ' "
"^ ¦ LOJ ST AXD FO CXD.
LOST — Bay horse with harness from Mussel
Rock to Cliff House. Return to 410 Mont-
gomery ave.; reward.
LOST — An Elk's tooth, mounted] between
Shrader st. and Metropolitan Temple. Re-
turn to 61 Spring Valley bids:. ; reward.
$10 REWARD for the return of a new larga
dark blue overcoat taken from 113a Howard
st, May 14.
LOST — Turquoise and diamond crescent-shaped
stick pin; liberal reward. 568 Geary st, r. 50.
MAY 24. at I. O. O. F. Hall, gold Masonla
emblem. Return to Call office; reward.
IX)ST — A bay mare; little white on face and
hind leg. 3034 Franklin st; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
a MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned «peclal-
ist — Ladies, all who are sick or in troubls.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of moat obstinate
cases;. free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
- NELL, office & residence, 1018 Mkt, op. 8th.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known." reliable ladles'
'specialist; instant .relief guaranteed; home la
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8
1008% Market st. ,opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH — Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home In,
y:onflnement Moved to 728 Post st, nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero, nr. ISth et. a
graduate of Royal University. Berlin, has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases; all who
are sick or In trouble consult me before goln^
elsewhere: takes ladies before and during con-
finement; best motherly care; infanta adopted;
confinements. $15; room & board $5 week;
2 to help for room and board. Tel. Blue 41 L
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special- J
1st: maternity hosoltal; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market st. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails;
- price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearcy.
DR. ROSEN, 1007% Market St.. near SlxthT
treats ladies only; relief in all cases taken.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated'
regulator, $2. Pasteur lied. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1128 Market
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.-, apposite
Union Square; -all diseases cured by herbs.
• miaes am) .uiaiaa.
SHASTA County gold and copper mine — I have
500 shares of stock for sale In a very promla-
• Ing property; will take $1CO for them; will .
be worth twenty times the amount in lesa
than a year hence. Address box 59t, Call.
3 GOOD locations on good gold-bearing ledge;
will locate for grubstake. Box 572. Call.
PARTNER wanted to equip mine. Addresa
box 563. Call office.
OXEY JTO LO A If.
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examlner^bldT
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE ;...
.On first and second mortgages. ......
Life interests in estates. .........
Property being held In trust
Undivided Interests in real estate ,
........Estates in probate — Legacies. .......
Assignment of rents.... ,
Life Insurance policies ,
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
.If you need money.. .._
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-C02 Examiner building
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st, room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
¦ On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests in real estate.
- On estates in probate.
On legacies. .
NO DELAY.
".. - Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$.':GO,GCO at 5^4 and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property;
3ccond mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in- .
terests In real estate and -legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANT proposition, any amouat: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate/Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
.1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSKN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY,
t Safe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery st,
I Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term. ¦
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc at lowest rate of
i interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO., 105 Ellis st. room 10 (Glasgow
block). '¦
A— LOANS on furniture or piano without re-
moval; any amount: lowest rate; sroods In
warehouse; confidential. ORMSBY. 28 Mont-
gomery at. ¦ -
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store^ 840
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
A Geary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; arry amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
•10 XO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. .453 Parrott big.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates: conflden- *
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market
S F. DISCOUNT AOENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO. 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms: no brokerage:
reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
. party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. _Room_3^^OTiserva^oryblda^301Jones.
ELFVIXG. CIO Examiner biff.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal 1 ;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; ho removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$10CO; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser, MORRELL, 60© Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indoraer; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bids.
: W!Ct>T» WAITED— FEMALE— Con. =-
; GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
1 '.week with private customers;: hairdressing,
: manicuring, massage, hairwork taught in 2
• weeks; price $3 50;. .employment' guaranteed;
'. class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms.M3-15.
Halrdressing. manicuring, massage, * bleaching; .
dyeing, hairwork: splendid position- in stores
j and with private customers,* $50' to $75 no. ; 2
.-; weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236; Market, r. 94.
A WOMAN experienced in* teaching can ;'secure
lucrative position: in a business house. Box
576, Call office,;;- ;¦•¦¦--,,¦•¦ -¦ ¦-»-¦>-
OPERATORS,, experienced: also learners; paid
while learning, j G. W. REYNOLDS' - muslin
.underwear factory. 597 Mission, cor. .Second.
YOUNG lady stenographer; must translate and
; .write Mexican., . J. . D. B,, . P. O. .box 2148/
WA NTED— A girl j for cooking. ! and general
housework preferences. Call . 2000 ' Gough' st
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats. 931
' Sutter : st ¦:••••. \ .¦,.,..,• ¦,-¦¦: . ¦•_¦¦;.
APPRENTICE for. hair business at. G. . LED-
., ERER'S, 123 Stockton st. . . : . , ¦¦ -
*V» r ANTED— Girls •¦ to Iron shirts. Apply The
i,".- L. ELKUS CO.; 29 and 31 Battery st. ;
EXPERIENCED cook; also'- to assist in house-
work. 2219 Scott st. : ¦¦--..-. ¦--. •¦¦ ¦;¦-
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
evening class. 233 Geary. st, rooms 13-15. .
GOOD . hands on ; vests, who understand but-
tonholes;; good wages. ' 641% Stevenson st
TALENTED amateur performers. 'Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object:
NEAT girl for downstairs work; must be ,1 good
cook ; good wages. : 11S0 O'Farrell st > .. -.-,.
YOUNG girl take care baby, help light house-
work; wages $8 to $10. 3703 Twenty-sixth.
PANTS operators wanted by S.N. WOOD 4
. CO.. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st - ¦• . -'
WANTED— Saleslady. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' . ¦ '
WANTED^-Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has' been established \ at 1098
¦ Valencia st. ' ........ . . . ¦
HELP, AVAATED— MALE.
MURRAY &., READY........ Phone Main 584S
- w-i-ixiO Clay ac:
..Leading Kmiuoynient and' Laoor Agents..
1 r -•...•....... Oi.uce open ¦ i a. iu...^>. ......
To Nevada...... Free lare.. .. ..state Nevada
......... .falup railruad men tj-uay
.To ±ieno, \»aaswortn, to Klko, to Iron Point,
to Jjitna, to usia, iu tne bait Lake .Division,
Aioleen, Rckeby ana ail poiiiu in, Nevada...
\1M teamsters, lree ...... $2 25 to $2 50 day
175 rocKmen, fare. ....... $2 S to 42 im u«iy
375 laborers, Nevada. .....$J 25 anu $- uay
5 stonemasons tor xsevada' K. A. .work, lree
tare ...........". ....;.. ....... ...*± a uay
Car dumpers, iree . ". $2. to $2 50 day
100 drillers, fare, Nevaaa. :.....:. $2 50 day
' ! .. K. R. WORK.
: ARIZONA
ARIZONA
20 teamsters, - 4 horses i .$2 25 day
2 blacksmiths, K. , 1-t. camp. ..$60 and found
eiPKCIAL KATEa
Work, is SC'J miles trom S. F..'fare is $8 ««;
ship to-day *. . . . '
...PARE IS PAID TO 114 DIFFERENT...
SAWMILLS ....:;...
WOODS .... .....(
: YARDS
Drag sawyer, shingle mill $2 75
. 2 setters, sawmill; see boss here.'... $IRI
3 more carpenters, sawmill co..$75 and found
47U men to woric in sawmills, woods and
. yards, piling lumber, running machines and
making themselves generally, useful, .wagej
$35. $j0, $50, $40 and found, no experience
needed, you'll suit '...... Fare paid
3 barkers, $35 and' found; 3 crosscut sawyers,
$35 and. found
4 lumber graders, $75; see boss here..
10 lumber pliers, north.. ....$40 and found
CHEAP FARES . .'
20 men to pile lumber, Humboldt Co.
15 laborers to work in woods, . Humboldt Co...
: $40 and found
We have very cheap rates for this Job
MECHANICAL HELP ; .
Blacksmith, lumber company.....'. ..$00
Blacksmith, country shop, fare 50c.. $2 50 day
- 3 stonemasons, R. R. work, freeware, $120 a
month; 5 carpenters, company' work, $90;
horseshoer. country shop, • $2 50 to $3 a day;
10 blacksmiths, $3 to $3 50 a day...... .
10 carpenters for big sawmill co $75 & fd
Blacksmith, sawmill company, $45 and found;
blacksmith, country shop, $75; . blacksmith,
country, $52 . and found ; ranch blacksmith.
$50 and found; cooper, see boss here, $40 and
found; carriage painter, sticker hand, $3 50
a day; 2 brick molders 'mine, $75
MINES ...;..........
GOLD AND ..........SILVER
....QUARRIES ..../.........:.
Man to run small quartz mill..'...
25_ laborers for large mining co; no experience
. required ..:...: ........ ...-..'. .$50 and found
. „• 5 miners : . . . . .$70 and found
¦ IS miners, gold quartz mine....; !... $2-75 day
5 miners, shaft work, 8 hours. ...... .$.3 day
'4 miners, north. $82 50; 25 muckers, good
mine, $75: 25 quarrymen, $2 25; 15 laborers
$60.... ....
' LABORERS ..... ......
' ............Factories and others. ...........
5 laborers, city factory, $2 day; 10 laborers,
brickyard, no experience . required, t $30 and
found; 6 laborers; 10 laborers, manufacturing
company. $2 day; city factory. $1 50, $1 75
day; 15 laborers, city, $42 and found; 6 labor-
ers, board home. $2 a day; 25 laborers. 12
miles from S. F., $60. free fare. ...¦.......'...
....FARMS
Haymakers .Fruit Pickers
10-men to run mowers. $40 and, found; 15
haymakers, $1' 50 day, and 127 haymakers, all
counties. $1 25 day and found; hay balers;
¦ 157 farmers for steady Jobs on fruit . farms
and vineyards
75 milkers, . buttermakers and cheesemakens.
MISCELLANEOUS
Gardener, country hotel. ...... .$30 and \found
• Stableman,. lumber. co., country.. $30 & found
Man to drive coal wagon, city: ..'...$12 week
4 deck hands for dredger, $35 and' found; 6
stablemen, country stables. $35 and $40 and
•found; young man for- factory.' city. $7 per
week; milk wagon driver, city, $40 and found;
4- horse teamster, lumber wasron, city. . $15
week; roustabout in factory, city, $1- 75 day;
5 teamsters, city, $C0; 5 stablemen. $60- 3
buggy washers. $60; hostler, city, $."!0; "stable-
men, country stable, $35 and found; 15 boys,
.city factories.' $7 week: boys to learn trades
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .'
Cooks_. Waiters ..-..'.. Kitchen helper
Cook, country boarding-house I $75
Cook's helper, mine $30 and"- found
Porter, city hotel ........".$20 and found
Cook helper, country hotel .........$30
Cook, good country, hotel, .$45 and found;
cook, camp, $35 ; IS cooks, other olaees; 3
ranch cooks; 25 waiters; 30 kitchen hands,
$20. $25. $30 and $35 and found; " butcher,
country shop, $30 and found-
3 camp waiters, mine company..$30 and found
¦ ...Hundreds of other, positions. ¦¦ Come see...
MURRAY. & READY 634-636 .Clay st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
69 3d st.,' near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
. ....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
' ..TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA.:
Free fare ................ ...;:.... Free fare
' ......Office fee $1; no other, expenses...... .
100 teamsters '.'.$2 25 to. $2 50 per day
100 rock men.*. ....... .$2 25 to $2 50 per day
100' concrete men and -laborers. .$2 25 per day
. Mendocino Co .....'......'.... /. . . Big sawmill
- CO railroad laborers... $20 per month & board
' 12. sawmill I and woodsmen. ; /. .
'; ¦ ¦'. • • '.*. .$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY. .FARE ADVANCED
Machinist, sawmill... $45 per month & board
..... .... .FOR LUMBER WOODS. .. ....:..
2 barkers $40 per month and board
1 2 crosscutters ...... $40 per, month and board
®2! chaintenders . .'. :$40 per month and board
. 2 Jackscrewers .... .$40 per month and board
2 head tree > fellers.. $50 per month and board
6 swarrfpers ... ...'..$35 per month and board
. ..... .... .FOR SAWMILL. . .". . . . . . . ri . .
2 head setters ¦:..... ...... .....$3 per day
' 10 lumber pliers. ... .$40 per month and board
- lfl men to grade on skid read. ..$35 mo."& bd
5 carpenters' helpers ....... .....%2 per day
6 carpenters .....'.... $4 per day; fare paid
6 haymakers $1 25 per day. and board
10 fruit "pickers :.. ...$1 per 'day and board
5 ca.rpenters, company work, long Job..v.'. ..
:.'. .$3 50 per day
5 structural ' steel men... . . . . . ..$3 50 per day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. : ....... . .50 Third St.:
FARMER and wife, $30; 2 laundrymen: engi-
neer for .; sawmill, $3 day; machinist, $3 to
$3 CO day ; 10 , carpenters, city and country,
$3 to $3 50 day; 2 carriage setters, $3 1 dav;
ranch blacksmith. $40 and found: wheelwright
for ranch, • ?4O and found;- blacksmith help-
ers. $2 day; blacksmith. $2 50 day; box nail-
ers ;* carriage painter to run shop, and -other
. mechanics. J.F. CROSETT & CO.,'628 Sac-
ramento Bt. '.',', .
FIRST-CLASS gardener? for country; 2 men
and wives, private families, $40
married fruit farmer, $40 and house rent- 10
.' milkers. $.10, •' $32 50 and $35 ; choreman - for
ranch;. $26, .fare advanced: can washer. $30-
boy to, learn creamery- business, $10- 10
farmers; $25. $26 and $30; old man to 'care
- for J place, and others. . J. ;f. CROSETT- &
CO..C28 Sacramento St.; _;• ! . , *
BOARDING-HOUSE cook. $40;. second cook
.' $35;.'rcstaurant cook; 2 waiters." country ho-
. tel,- $25 :> dishwashers, i bell boys. ? elevator
, boys, porters, and others. J. F CROSETT *
CO.; C28 Sacramento :st.' -,;• ' - >
2 FBRNACE men for. mine. $60 and board- 20
laborers and < teamstors for country - $2 '•' to
$2-25 day, free fare and go to-day •- 50 la-
borers ¦'¦ for mines, mill' and woods, ¦ quarries
H and other work. $2 day and $30. $35 and $45
. a month and; board; 2 lumber sorters.* $2 50
day. boys for factory, and many others J
, F. CROSETT > CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office.; S16 ' Stockton ¦ st.— Gardener
who can run : gasoline engine.' $35; ' second
cook for eprlngs. $60 : : 2 waiters • for countn'.
$25 and $30; dishwasher for resort,' near city,
$20;:younc, man;for' indoor work, ' private
place, ? *25; : cook ' for 4 men \ on ¦ ranch. • $20-
, five farm > hands, .<. $28 ¦¦¦ a ;, months assistant
r-nrdener. etc. ." .--¦-¦¦¦ .jAnMn*MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Ala A W 53. 81% — Oceanic S 5s. — \ 09UI
Bay CPC 5s.l08^108% Omnibus 6s.. — 130
C C G&E 5s.l05Vil0e Pac G Im 4s. — 100
Cal-st 6s 119 — Pk & C H 6s — 110}£
C Costa 6s.. — 111% Pk & O R 6s — 125
Ed L & P 6s — '¦ — Pwl-st R 6». —
Fer&C H 6a — 123 Sac EGR 5a. 101^103
Geary-st 6s.. — — 8F & SJV5a.l21% —
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6sll2 11830
Do 5s 97%— S P of A 6s
L Ang R 5s. 1131.311314 (1909) 113%114 .
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1010) 114Vall5*4
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (lOOS)Sr A.106H10TK
L A & P 5*8.104 — (19O5)Sr B. —
Do lem 5s. 103 — (1906) ....110 —
Mkt-st C 6a. — 129 (1912) 120% —
Do lem 5s. 120% — S P of C 1st
N R of C 6s. — — c sntd 5s. — — » ¦ i
Do Bs 121% — Do stmpd.lOOH —
N Pac C 5s. — 110 SP Br Cal 6sl39%140
NCR 5s... 114% — S.V Wat 6s. — —
Oak Gas 5s. — ' 113% rDo 4s 2dm. 101ft —
Oak Trn 6s.. 124%126 'Do 4s 3dm. 102 — '
Do 1st c5s.113%115 Stkn G&E 6slO2 104
Oak W G 6s. — 104%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75% 77 I Port Costa. . 63# 64
MarinCo.... 59 — I Spring Val.. 90 90%'
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 2% — iPac L Co... — 50
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 37% —
Mutual 4 5 |S F G & E. 44H 44%
OGL4H.62. - S F G L Co. 6% 5<2
Pac G tap.. 28% - IStktn G & E S —
INSURANCE.
Firem** Fnd.260 — j
BANKS.
Am B & T. .110 — First Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90% L P & A 168 170
Bank of Cal. 420 428 ,Mer Ex (Ilq) 23 —
Cal Sate Dp. 121% — S F Xationl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sar.340 390
Mutual Sav. 75 85 Union Trst.lS30 —
S PiSav.U..525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — JMarket 09%10t
Geary — — IPresidlo .... 39% —
POWDER.
Giant ...... 70 Vi 70%/ Vigorit ..... S * '¦'
Hana 3% 4 iKIlauea .... — 3%,'
Hawaiian .. — 37%lMakawell .. 23% —
Honokaa ... 11% 12 jOnomea 24 2A%
Hutchlnson . 13 V.Vj Paauhau 12% 13 -
MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska Pack. — 161 IPao A F A. 2% — .
Cal Fruit As. — 102% I Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.100%101% Par Paint .. 26 —
Oceanic S Co 23% 30 I
Morntns Session.
Board —
- 8 Contra Costa Water 76 73
. 120 Giant Powder Con ....68 00
110 Giant Powder Con 69 CO
100 Giant Powder Con. a 90.. 68 50
10 Giant Powder Con 69 5O
.'30' Giant Powder Con 6O 75
20 Giant Powder Con 6» 023H
10 Pacific Gas Imp. 38 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. 44 25
- 20 Spring Valley Water... 90 50
$4,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 1 bonds.. 121 25
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1909) ....113 73
Street—
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1910) .....114 75* '
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Giant Powder Con 69 75
100 Giant Powder Con. • 90 69 5O
100 Giant Powder Con. a 90 69 75
" 45 Giant Powder Con 70 25
$4,000 N P C-R'R 5s bonds.. ..109 73
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. 1
Board— f.l
5 Home 3 50
10 Home 3 45
5 Home 3 40
800 Junction * 24
1500 Junction, b 60....... 25
1000 Junction, b 30 28
400 Junction 23
600 Occidental of We«t Virginia IS
20OO11 City Petroleum 18;
100 Sovereign ........................ 34
300 Sterling • 1 8O
100 Sterllnr. b 00 1 85-\
Afternoon Session.
Board — N
500 Independence OS
10O Sovereign - 34
100 Sterling '. 1 77tfj
"400 West Shore 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sale* yesterday In the
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board:
Morning Session.
300 Chollar .... IS 200 Savage .... IS
100 Hale & Nor 32 200 Union Con. 25
400 Mexican ... 56 200 Yel Jacket. 20 "
100 Ophlr 1 40
Afternoon Session. ' /¦'.>'.;•
100 Andes 05 1 200 Hale & Nor 32
200 Caledonia ..74 ilOOO Justice 04
100 C C & Va..l 40 1 100 Mexican ... 5t>
2000 Cn Imperial 02 1 100 Potosl 35
' -
The following were the sales yesterday In tlM
Pacific Stock Exchange:
Morning Session.
100 Confidence . 62 200 Potosl 33
1500 Con Imperil 01 200 Silver Hill. 41
200 Mexican ... 55 500 Union Con. 28
600 Mexican ... 57 500 Union Con. 27
150 Ophir 1 45
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ... 07 . 200 Mexican ... 58
100 Caledonia .. 74 200 Ophir 140
100 Caledonia .. 75 20O Overman .. 25
10O C C & Va..l 40 . 600 Savage Id
20O C C & Va:.l 42% 800 Union Con. 28
* 200 Crwn Point 06 600 Union Con. 29
200 Hale & Nor 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
V'* .- -TUESDAY. May 27 — 4 p. . m.
Bid. Ask. I ¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 04 08
Alta 09 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 03 05 Lady Washtn — 04
Belcher 06 07 Mexican 57 68
Best & Belch. 20 22 Occidental ... 23 25
Bullion 02 0.1 Ophlr 140 145
Caledonia ... 75 78i Overman .... 25 2tt
Challenge Con Iff 18 Potosl ....... 37 38
Chollar 18 19; Savage ,. 15 18
Confidence ... 61 65 Scorpion .... — 04
C C &Va....l 40 1 '43 Seg Belcher.. 02 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 22 23
Con N York.. — 02 Silver Hill... 41 43
Crown Point. 06 07 St Louis..... 08 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer... 01 02 Union Con... 80 31
Gould & C. .. 12 13 Utah 01 03
Hale & Nor.. 31 82 Yellow Jacket 19 31
Julia.... — ¦'¦ A *..«SfiHHBW(te0SEfia
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they
are now ready .for dlstrtbn.
tlon. All subscribers to Tne
Gall are entitled to a copy of
tnls great book at the prem
ium rate of 91 50. Ont of
town subscriber* desiring a
copy of this splendid prem
ium will be supplied on re
ceipt of fl SO. All mall
orders will be shipped by ex
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
I, Conrad and Mary ' Lernhart (wife) to Sarah
I, C. Meadows (wifeiof J.W.). lot on S line of
{¦Twenty-second r street, > 75- W of Curtis." W 25
' byS 80. block H. map of Curtis &• Williams
E. S. and- Margaret Angel (wife) to Mrs. .N.
Catchings (widow), lot on S line of Forty
sixth street. 240 E of West. E 10O by S 100.
lots 8 and 9, block 2109. map of Alden Tract
at Temescal, . Oakland, subject to present loan
of $475; $10. , ¦
R - H. and Henrietta Reno (wife). - to John
Kleiner, lot on E line of Ruby Btreet. 187 N
of Moss avenue. N 25 by E 100, lot 16. map of
Oakland i Railroad Homestead, between • Tele
graph avenue and Broadway. Oakland: $10.
' - Adolph H. and Minnie L. Bauerle to Louis
I Loretz, lots 3, 8 and 13, - map of Gardiner
I Tract, • Brooklyn Township; $10. . «—._•.
Louis E., Henry F. and Emma A. Gleschen.
Emma M. Collins,: Eda C. Gasklll : (Collins)
and Herbert D. Gaskill . to D.- Edward Collins,
lot on E corner, of East Nineteenth street and
Eighth avenue. SE 300. NE 300. NW 170, SW
50, NW 130, SW 250. block 113. Clinton. East
Oakland; $10. - , , -¦ .
H. P. Moreal to Emma E. Moreal (wife), lot
on NE corner of -Railroad avenue and Grand or
Seventeenth street, N 150 by E 108. portion of
block. 37, Map of Town of Encinal and lands
adjaqent. Alameda: also lot on S line of Central
avenue. 300 E from Willow street. .E- 50 by S
150, lot 12. in W half of block B, same. Ala
meda; also lot on S line of Pacific avenue. 101:3.
E from Stanton . street, being NW corner of
land described in 67 D. 322. E 105 by S 150.
portion of Fitch and Sharon Tract, so called,
Alameda: also lots 1 to 5, N 10 feet of lot 6,
S half of lot 16 and all of lots 17, 20 and 21,
Map of Bay Side Tract, Alameda; gift.
George W. ; Austin < (single) -to C. Chlsholm.
lot on N line of Merrimac street. 227.04 W of
Telegraph avenue, ¦ W 40 byN 70.96, lot 5.
map of Austin Park, Oakland; $10. .
Mary C. Bryant to Lydia V. Anderson ¦ and
Betsy Bergquest. lot on.' SE line of - Twenty
sixth avenue. 100 NE of East Eleventh street,
NE 25 by SE 100, lot 4. block G, map of
Knowles & Potter subdivision .of Kennedy
Tract. East Oakland, subject to mortgage of
$12C0; $2200. ' • - . - - ,', ¦
Lucy A! " Maloon (widow) " to Samuel M.
Shaw lot on SE line of Eleventh avehue,. 115
NE of East Twenty-first street, NE 35 by SB
100,, block 130, Clinton, East Oakland;' $10.
Alameda County.
• Joseph B. and Washington B. Thomas and I
Edward Pierce (trustees estate of Joseph B.
Thomas) to Frank G. : Turner, lot on SW cor
ner of Hyde and Chestnut streets, S 137:6 by
W 137:6; $1. . ¦' ¦
FVank G. Turner to James W. Smith, same;
Catherine Devlin (widow) to Phillip Doerr.
lot on SW line of Hawthorne street, 84:8 SE
of Folsom. SE 28 by SW 103; $10.
Granville B. and P. Carrie Gilman to Michael
and Celestina Mule, lot on N line ot Twenty
fourth street, 50 W of Vermont, W 25 by N
100; $10. ' •'-¦'. . A
Real Estate and Development Company to
Delia Keenan, lot on W line of Missouri atreet,
75 N of Eighteenth, N 25 by W- 100; grant.
Sarah E. Tibbits to Maria 8. Bullard, lot on
W line of First avenue. 155:6 S of United
States reservation. S 62 by W 120; $10.
• Minnie A. Taylor (widow) to- Richard I.
Whelan. lot on N line of California street, 57:6
~W of Third avenue, W 50:2, N 104:4, E 50. S
96- $10. '
J. C. and Pauline Rued to William P. Red
lngton lot on SW corner of Twenty-first ave
nue and Lake street, S 100 by W 50; $10.
Orville C. and I Ella L. Baldwin to Alliance
Building and Loan Association, lot on W line
of Seventeenth avenue, 60 S of B street, S 50
by W 90:' $10. — ..
Solomon and Dora Get* to Annie H. Need
ham (wife of Ambrose Needham), lot on W line
of Ninth avenue, 200 N of M street, N 25 by
W 120; $10.
Wilhelm and ' "Wllhelinlne Meier to Thomas
S and Katie B. Cook, lot on E line of Elsie
(Cherubusco) street, 128:4 N of Courtland ave
nue N 25:8 by E 70, lot 279. Cobb Tract; $10.
Josiah W. .Tillson to Elizabeth F. Gordon,
undivided half of lot 31, block 34,. City Land
Association; gift. ; .
Mary Dakln to Cesare Ciscomla, lot on NW
line of Arlington street, 575 SW of Roanoke,
SW 30 by NW 75, lot 13, Jones Addition to
; Falrmount; $435. ; ' " ¦ ¦
Friedrich Mandler (alias Frederick Mandler)
to Rosa Mandler (single), lot on SE line of Mis.
slon street.. 360 NE of Virginia avenue. NE 25
by SE 133:6, Precita Valley lot 367. quitclaim
deed; $10. . - .
.. TUESDAY; MAY 27.
Oxen O. Heydenfeldt to Mary A. Carr, lot on
N line- of Post street, 110 W of Larkln, W
C7:C.by N 120; $10. .
K. Wi'.helmina Boehnke (wife of Arthur E.)
to Herman F. 'Week*; Arthur B. and Walter G.
Boehnke, lot on N line of Twenty-ninth street,
105 W of Sanchez,' W 25 by N 114, quitclaim
deed; $ . ¦
- City and County of San Francisco to Dori*
Kohlberg, lot on SW corner of Cedar avenue
and Octavia street. S 41 by W 77:1; $ r ¦.-:
¦ Itoyal W. Cudworth* to Jeremiah J..', Merrill, !
Olive, Elizabeth and Arthur Cudworth, lot on
N line of Green street. 125 W of ¦ Buchanan, W
25 by N 137:6. quitclaim deed; $ .
Emory A. Cudworth to same, same-; $ .
Sylvia O. and A. W. Cud\70rtm and Sylvia
O. Cudworth (as trustees under deed made by
James W. j Cudworth, now deceased) to same,
same; grant. - ' : -
Jeremiah J.. Merrill, Olive and Elizabeth
Cudworth (single), Arthur and Marian B. Cud
worth (wife) to Annie M. Leale (wtfe ot R. A.
Leale, same; $10.
Richard A. Leale to Annie M. Leale (wife),
same; gift. .
M J. Rudolph and Tlllie Mohr to John Hig
glna. lot on S line of Fulton street, 165 E of
Fillmcre E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Gertrude M. O'Brien (widow) to John J.
O'Toole. lot on W line of Webster street. 38:2%
S of Broadway. S 36 by W 107-6; $10.
Jchn J. O'Toole (single) to Gertrude O'Brien
(as executrix estate of William S. O'Brien, de
ceased), same; $11,000. .
M R Krigbaum to Helen A. Deamer. lot on
NW' corner of McAllister and Fillmore streets.
W 137-6 by N 137:». quitclaim deed; $10.
G««rgo P «ind Nellie S. Allen to Francis D.
Sheldon, lot on NE line of Dore (Caroline)
street 95 SE of Folsom. SE 27 by NE 85; $10.
George C. and Helen M. Sargent to Thomas
F. Klernan. lot on E line of • Folsom Btreet.
77:51$ s of Thirteenth, S 25. E 96.54. N 23.313.
Adelaide H. Comstock (Halnque). H. O.
Comstock. F. C. and Emily H.Banrs
(Hainque). Arthur Hainque and Victorine H.
O'Brien (Halnque) to Matthew O'Brien, lot on
N line of Clinton Park. 189 W of Guerrero, W
28 by N 75: $2000. .,,
Estate of Martial Hainque (by Agnes M.
Hainque. administratrix) to same, undivided
fifth of same; $500. , • _
Estate of Thomas H. O'Callaghan (by
Thomas O'Callajjhan. administrator) to M. J.
Hess ion. lot on W line of Minna street. 175 N
of Fifteenth, N 28 by^W 75; also lot on NW
corner of Twentieth and Colllngwood streets.
N 27:6 by W 100; also lot on SW corner of
Sherman and Florence streets, W 25 by S 100,
lot 32 block 44, City Land Association; $2170.
Michel and Phillip Lille to Remy Lasselle,
lot on N line of Seventeenth street, 149:7 W of
Howard. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Margaret Burns to Augusta E. Bean, lot on
N line of Cumberland street, 139:4 B of San
chez; E 24:8 by N 114; $10.
Christina Sullivan (by John A. Grennan,
ellsor) to HIbernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on NE corner of old San Jose road ani
Twenty-fourth Btreet, E 60, N 80, W 60:3, S
78:8: $1295. ' . ' ¦ , " .
Henry Fetee to Giuseppe and Rachel* Pert,
lot on NW line of San Jose avenue, 53:10%
NE of Elizabeth street, NE 25:2%. W 98, S
25, E 96; $10. ¦ ¦
Joseph Powers to Catherine -Powers (single),
lot on S line of Twenty-seventh street, 344 E
of Church, E 24 by S 114; $325.
Eliia B. Georee to Anson N. Georsre, lot
on E line of Dolores street. 122 S of Twenty
second. S 25 by E 117:6; $10. ' , ,_ ,
Ella Hubbard (widow) to Honor Welch, lot
on W line of Douglass street. 164 N of Seven
teenth. N 54 by W 136; $10. -
John J. Meaburn and Frederick Clay to
Western Savings and Trust Company, rerecord
830 D. 281, lot on E line of Hyde street, 68:0
N of Clay. N 68:9 by E 137:6; $5500.
David and Pauline Lewinsky to Henry Levy
(born Henry Lewinsky), undivided half of lot
on S line of Adelaide place, 85:10 W of Taylor,
W 51:8 by S 51:0; $10..
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H B Henderson. S Jse'
A J Curtis St w. Ariz
Mrs Gustafoer. Ariz I
Mrs Jose duff, Ariz
Miss N Jones. Ari* \
E Cob. Winchester.Ky!
A Clem. Windfall. Ind'
C J Guyett. Chicago J
J McCool & w. L Ang
J Jarvis. Los Ang
R H Harding, S Barb!
J F Hitchcock. Denver]
I. M Oats, w & c. Mo
H Tipton, Los Angeles ¦
M Rose, Clarksburg I
Mrs M B Tomb. Chcgoj
G L Allen. Nev
Mrs T Baldwin. Prscttl
J H Shores. Pocatello •
H Dever. Denver
8 W Oreen, Denver .
C Metzler. Fresno I
R H Clark & w. Nap*
J Mallbones. England
Mrs F Daily, Lebanon
Miss E Campbell. Ind
Mrs More & 2 ch. Ky
E Lamb. St Louis
F G Clarke El Paso
Miss M 'Schandelmaa*
Waterbury. jConn
Mrs L Cutting. La
T B Williams, B C
H E Young & w.VallaJ
W O Johnson, Kans
Mrs D C Irish. Mexico
W Martin, Kansas
Mrs T A Martin, Kans
Miss R E Kinsr. K*s»
WE Flosenteln. Angel
Island
H H Jenness. SausaUt
C Higgtns. Saasallto
H J Marion. Vallejo
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
¦ Jennie M. Lahm (single) and Victor Lahm,
(tether) to Adam Theysohn? lot on N llnft of
Ateatraz avenue. 80:3 E of Powell street. K
50. 151:11. W 50. S 152:2. known as lot 9.
block B, Harmon Tract, map subdivisions of
SW portion plat 53. V. and D. Peralta Rancho:
except from said lot strip 8:6 in depth, or
enough to make S line of said lot conform to
N line of Alcatraz avenue, Berkeley; $10.
May J. and J. J. Ireland (husband) to Lea EL
Keene (wife of Charles), lot on N line of Ninth,
street. 132 E from Chester. N 82:10 by E 30.
Oakland; $10.
Louis and^Lbuisa D. Kroll (wife) to W. P.
Kroll. lot on NW line of Twenty-fourth ave
nue. 210 NE of Fifteenth street. NE 3O by
NW 112. being a fraction of block C. Peter
Bernamayou Tract, East Oakland ; $10.
Flora E. Bauers (or Flora E. Bowers. wif»
of Leverett T. Bowers) to Samuel H. Ungard.
lot V, block 5, map of Graves &. Taylor Tract.
Berkeley, portion plat 85. quitclaim deed; $1.
William E., Henry and Charles H. Leber.
Katie J. Anderson, Laura L. Chamberlain and
Albert L. ¦ Leber to Margaret A. Leber
(mother), lot on NE corner of East Eighteenth
street and" Thirteenth avenue. N 75 by E 100,
block 112. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Tract, being same as block 310, Boardman's
map, Oakland; $325., •»*"
THE SAN FBA-NCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 28; 1902.
13
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS: ;
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.;
OAlvi,A\D REAL ESTATE. ,
E. E^ BUNCE 952 Broadway-- 12 small farms
for sale; investigate : quick for bargains.' E.
E. EUNCE. 952 Broadway. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap. this. month. H..
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIiSL~and^cTar flats, 625-531 Turk— Hot and
cold water baths, ielectiic- lights free; fur-
nished orunfur.: tel., East 312, Sutter. 41.
ASH ave., 220, near Van Ness — Neatly fur-
nished-housekeeping flat; three rooms, laun-
dry and^bathjreasonable^^^ -^.
BRYANT, 1101 — 2 or 3 front rooms, complete
for housekeeping; cheap. " ¦ '-. .' : <
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping, 3, with
¦ 2 beds and bath, $20; 2, $15; also single
, rooms, : $4 to $8. :¦••.¦'
FOLSOM, . 830—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms,
furnished, $11 per, month; single, $1 a week.
FOLSOM, 834— Bay-window. and kitchen, bath;
= also three furnished, separate or all together.
GEA RY, 1012, near Van Ness ave.-^-4 sunny
; connecting. furnished rooms; telephone.-: v
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay window,
suite 2 op 3 rooms; bath, laundry, gas range.
GROVE, 1 104— Nicely furnished .front suite
. rooms with gas range, $15 per month.-' ...
I GROVE, • 361 — 3 complete housekeeping rooms;
; gas, bath, piano: adults; central; private fam.-
LARKIN, 804-^-Sunny .front housekeeping suite,
$13; other rooms, nicely furnished, $5 and- $7. '
MCALLISTER, 536 — Nicely furnished suite,
$ll-$7; sink, gas-range, bath, laundry, phone.
MINNA, . 546— Furnished r rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
MINNA, 625A, upstairs — Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; cheap.
NATOMA, 217— Neat, \ large sunny housekeep-
. Ing. room; gas, closets, baths, stove; for two
nice, ladles or respectable . wdrklngman and
his wife.- ¦ . -.- .-.,;
OCTAVIA, 1259, cor. .O'Farrell— Housekeeping
suite; elegantly, furn. ; gas and coal range.
POWELL. 722—2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private family; references ex-
changed. • ' , ¦ • ¦.-."'-'.
STEINER, 1325. corner Ellis — Two large sun-
ny corner rooms: modern conveniences;, gns
stove, etc. ; $18 per month.- ¦
STOCKTON. 1200 — Model house, newly fur-
nished; free gas, bath; housekeeping; $10-$12.
THREE sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; no children. Box 496, Call office. -
TURK, 545 — 2 furnished front rooms for house-
keeping; gas, bath and phone.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
> received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
A BRANCH office for Call'advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. •
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
ANGELUS. ... . . Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 00 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 Stockton St., bet Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
. 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny~eultas or singles; day,
week or month; bath;, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rras., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35e.
$150 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night
FOLSOM. 824 — Single rooms with closet and
bath, $1 and $1 25 per week. .
GEART, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 358 — New house; beautifully furnished
apartments; single or en suite; strictly* llrst-
class. ' ¦ ¦ ¦ *'.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847 — Single front room,
opposite park; furnished; references required.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HOWARD, 870— Large sunny room suitable for
tailor; rent reasonable.
JESSIE. 863, nr. 6th and . Market — Furnished
room3, $4, $5 and $6 per monthr '•-._>•:
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 217 — Neat sunny front room for two
respectable workingmen; reasonable price.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; el ec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL - House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 CO; week. $3
to $8: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bathx.
SEVENTH, 28 — Nicely furnished sunny suite,
$15; others, $8, $6; gas; running water. .' ¦ ;
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished: also 3 unfurnished.
1 STEINER, 1325. cor. Ellis — 2 large sunny
I rooms; piano. -gas stove, etc.; $18 per month.
SUTTER. 717 — Nicely furnished sunny room
with bath. " ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and.
subscriptions' has been established at lOOtf
.Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE M'ALLISTER, ,503 Van Ness ave.; Just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references. - . ¦
CORBIN, The. 836 Butter st., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
' suits; all sunny; table first class. •?.' .
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional* table; popular rates.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
"HEATH," 312 Eddy' st.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. . - .-
SUNNY furnished rooms and board; " home
cooking. 802 Ellis st.. near Polk.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome I furnished sunny
' suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
IRVINGDALE. 626 ' Eddy— Sunny rooms, en
suite or single; good table: reasonable.', - i
ROOMS AND BOARD W'ASTEU.
WANTED — Family board and room by a single
young man within 10 blocks of 5th and Mar-
ket. Box 567. Call. ¦
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPFLlEg.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing ; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.'; repairing;
lowest rates: phone Howard "J2R4. 145 Sixth.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
notice" /^ro n^CBSuvrovs J^Eaute^^ot
CHARLES McCONLOGUE. deceased. Notice
is hereby given by the undersigned,' JOHN-
FARNHAM, administrator of ¦ the estate of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE, deceased,, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
asatnst-the said deceased, to exhibit' them
with the necessary vouchers, within four
months afte'r the first publication of this
notice' to the said administrator at room 79,
Chronicle building, the same being his place
for the transaction of the business of the
said estate I in the city and county of j San •
Francisco, State of California. . JOHN
FARNHAM, : administrator of the estate of
• CHARLES McCONLOGUE, deceased. Dated
at San Francisco, May 28, 1902. CARLTON
W. GREENE, attorney for Administrator,
rooms 70 and 70, Chronicle building.
NOTICE; TO CREDITORS— Estate of RICH-
ARD GARLAND (alias), deceased. Notice is
: hereby given by the undersigned, , JOHN
- FARNHAM. administrator of the estate of
. RICHARD v GARLAND,- deceased, to the
¦ creditors • of and . all persons .having claims
against the. said deceased,, to exhibit .them
• ' with the necessary vouchers, ¦ ., within • four
months after the first publication -of this
'notice, to the said administrator at 'room 79,
" Chronicle building, ¦ the same being his place
for. the traneac tlon . of . the business of . the
said estate In the . city ' and county ' of : San
Francisco, State of California. JOHN FARN-
-.- HAM; administrator of the estate of RICH-"
ARD GARLAND, deceased. Dated at San
Francisco, May .28. 1902. CARLTON W
GREENE,' attorney for Administrator, rooms
7(t and 79, Chronicle building. ¦ ¦
SAN FRANCISCO,' Cal., May 21, 1902 : i Notice
. — As^o-daythe pool expires on all promoters'
, stock In THE -BALSAM MINING & MILL-
ING CO., the public Is hereby warned against
purchasing* any; stock claimed to. be owned
by one A.; A. NICKERSON JR. !¦ Any. one
v purchasing '.'. such stock do . so ¦ at their own
' risk*, , as eald A.', A.' NICKERSON JR. Is not
entitled .to , any stock In . said . company. .'By,
. order of the board of directors of the Balsam'
Mining & Milling Co.' - • •. .. -
; ; . ' ¦ S. . F. BULLARD .- Presld«ut. ''••'.
:M. H. RODMAN. : Secretary pro tern.
REAL RESTATE-— CITY-— FOR SALK. !
EASTON, ELviU^tt~~£~C<x7 r -~~~"~: ¦ ~~ I
;..?" 1 . ....'-,:. 038. MARKET- ST. -
v AUCTION.
TUESDAY .'......June 3, 19D2
At our salesroom, ti.'W Market Et.. , •'< .
. . : At 12 o'clock noon. . . j - : .
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER. /
Southwest . corner of 17th and Church sts.—
Two stores, with 2 and* 4 rooms, renting for
$480 per annum; mortgage $5000 can remain at
(i per cent; lot 55:0x100 feet. - '
ALSO. - '
South side (Nos. 3711-3713-3715-3717) Seven-
teenth St.; 55:0 feet west of Church st — Four
modern flats of 5, 5. 6, 0 rooms and bath eacn,
renting for $828 per- annum; mortgage of $3500 .
can remain at 0 per cent; lot 44:0x100 feet. ;
CALIFORNIA ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
I North line (Nos. 1448-1450) California St.. 35
I feet east of Larkln — Two two-story houses of
i C rooms, bath and basement and store; present
Income $7U2 per annum; lot 40x70 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT..
Northeast side (Nos. 219 to 225) Langton st.,
225 feet southeast of Harrison — Four front ; .
houses of 4 rooms each and three rear houses j
of 4 3, 3 rooms in good condition and renting I
for $GS4 per annum; lot 50xS0 feet. j
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT. !
North side CNos. 3422-3424) 19th St.. 105 feet I
west of Mission— Two nice well built houses of
6 rooms and bath, with separate basements;
I present Income $42 per month.
! WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South side (No. G25) Haight st., 125 feet west
of Devis-adero — An imposing well-built resi-
dence,-^ rooms bath and basement; cement
walk; lot 25x137:6 feet.
TWENTY-SIXTH ST. HOME SITE. "
South side, of 26th st., 216:3% feet west of !
I Castro — A fine lot, only a short . distance from
. Castro st. cars; sewered and- macadamized; lot
38:214x114 feet. . . .- . ;'
BROADWAY PROPERTY. ¦ " •• j
North line (No. 1080) Broadway, 44 feet J
eapt of Jones — A two-Story house of 9 rooms
and bath, renting for $300 per annum; mag-
nificent view; lot 23:0x77:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
West line (No. 1415) Lyon St., 87:6 feet south
of Sutter — A two-story house, 8 rooms and
bath; desirably located;, lot 25x119:6 feet.
' UNION ST. LOTS.
South line of Union st. 137:6 feet east of
Baker— Four fine large building lots, 27:6x137:0
.feet .each. J .
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Six fine building lots . on the north lino of
27th St.. 160 feet east of Noe — Two of 25x114
\ feet, three of 26:8x114 feet and one of 30x11*
feet; also nine large lots on the south line pf
Army st., 236 feet east of Noe, 26:8x114 feet
each; •
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.; .
. ¦ '¦ . 633 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. ¦
638 MARKET STREET
HIGH CLASS BUILDING SITES.
$75,000 — Corner on Market st., near 12th; 75x
124 ft. ; three frontages.
$45,000 — Sutter, near Stockton; 37:6x100 ft.-
$30.000 — NW. corner on Battery st.; near post-
offlce.
$27,500— N. side of O'Farrell st., near Mason;
27:6x137:6 ft
$11,500 — Three modern well-built flats. of 5-6-7
J rooms and bath,' on Jackson St.. E of
f Van Ness ave.: . sanitary plumbing,
etc. ; rents $1200 per annum.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
MAKE OFFERS AT ONCE. .
Appraised for $4500; Stevenson st., between 3rd
and 4th sts.; present Improvements
rent $510 per annum; lot 20x70- ft.;
•similar property In tnls block has sola
within the last month for $325 per
front foot.
Appraised for $7625; 4th St., near Harrison;
three-story building, renting for $900
per annum; lot 25x75 ft. •
Appraised for $4750; a corner with 112:6 ft.
frontage on Kearny st. ; Improvements
12 flats, which; if put In condition,
would rent for $120 Der month.
Appraised for $6375: 5th St., near Harrison;
¦ ' three-story building; rents $540 per
annum; lot 25x82:6 ft.
These i properties must be sold this week; In-
vestigate at once.
Reduced from $5250; must be sold at once;
¦ price, $4250; handsome modern bay-
window house of 9 rooms and bath, on
Sanchez St., near Waller; property in
this neighborhood has Increased 50 per
cent in the last year; lot 25x120 ft. .
$5,000r-Vallejo St.. .near- Water Front; -three
- . - - - flats and a roar house,- In fine condi-
tion; always rented: new plumbing-
: - . - rents $540 per annum; lot 25x80 ft.
$7,250 — Reduced for Immediate sale; an ex-
tremely well built home of 9 large
: rooms, bath, etc.; on the N. side of
"Washington st.. near Webster; this
property was built by a contractor for
. • his own home and Is first-class in
every respect; lot 25x92:4% ft.
$8,200 — NW. corner on 17th st., containing
three stores and 2 flats; rents S10CS per
annum; lot 30x91:6 ft.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., '
. ¦¦ . . 638 Market at.
$4500 — TO prevent foreclosure, ' at a sacrifice;
lot 25x90; improvements two-story house of '
8 rooms on Fillmore St., near corner of i
Haight. \ Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gornery et.. room 3.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL SALE. '* : "**"""
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION,
¦ ' ' \. , AT AUCTION.
SO Choice Residence and Business Lots
80 Cholca Residence and Business Lots
,. j n .............. . ¦
HOME PARK TRACT.
WEST BERKELEY, .
Opposite
The Pacific Coast Furniture . Factory and
Corbin Station.
. Saturday. May 31, 1002, on the property.
Lunch at 1 p.m., served free. Auction sale
2 p. m. , ¦ ¦ ¦ . .¦¦¦-.-
; .. Terms — One-third cash,' balance to suit pur-
chaser.; -To reach the sale: Leave San Fran-
' . Cisco at Market- at. ferry, broad-gauge at
10, 10:30 or 11 a. m.,, 12 m. and 12:30 or 1
p. m. ¦
".*?££ iV c -Sr et f 5 r Berkeley, change cars
at Shell Mound. TranBit time direct to the
tract ia about 45 minutes.
For maps and particulars apply to
n£F AT 3 >f T5 pr and general agent.
' Or^SoD^TR^ul^N^^^nu
| gomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
., Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent •
'; choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience bath
etc. ; easy payments. MURPQCK. 814 pine*
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
; FRUITY ALE REAL ESTATE.
A— W.' E.- RUDELL. Frultvale ave. and Wash-
ington st., Frultvale, Cal. • wasn-
$900— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; high basement; attic all
floored: good brick foundation; barn and
: w'^SD;-!? 011 ? 68 ' abund ance, of flowers;
. lot 40x137; 3 blocks from electric car
line; see this for a bargain; easy terms
if desired.
$1250 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath- all
grained In oak; stationary washtubs-
! city water; lot 37x175; $200 cash, bal-
ance $12 60 per month; a bargain
$1800— New modern cottage of 5 large 'rooms
• and bath; mantel, etc.; high basement;
half floored; stationary washtubs- good
-brick foundation; large lot, situated on
sunny side of street; only one block from
local station; $300 cash, balance $18 per
: • month. •" ¦ ¦¦ .._¦¦¦¦
: $2700— New 2-Btory house of 7 rooms;, pbrce-
lain bath; reception hall; all modern lm-
- provements; gas and- electric ' fixtures-
. beautiful view; only one block from elec-
tric car line; lot 60x165; $500 cash bal-
ance $26 per month. ¦ ¦ >
$6500 — Beautiful ' residence of 12 rooms and
• bath; steam heaters;- mantel. • fireplace
; and marble washstand in each bedroom-
/ . . electric bell In each room; stable for 4
horses and carriages; cement plate for
washing:' carriages; large corner let, 150x
." 140 ft., with decorated gardens; trees and
¦ '•¦ ¦:. flowers In abundance; an Ideal place
for sanitarium or doctor's home; reason-
able terms If so desired.
$1250 — Cottage of 6 rooms,. bath; mantel, hot
. and cold water,- large stable; lot 47x101-
., only two shorf blocks from Frultvale
station; $200 cash, balance $14 40 per
month; must.be sold within '5 days; an
opportunity worth Investigating.
' ¦ ¦ . • W. E. RUDELL,
Frultvale ave. ' and ' .Washington st." ; office
• ' hours; 8 a. m:~to 6 p. m.; Sundays Included.
; Mill : Valley- : Advertisements.
! COTTAGES TO: LET.
MILL, VALLEY — To let. cottage of -2 rooms
and tent furnished « for . June, I July and Au-
' cust. Owner. 518 Jersey St.. S. F.;;^ r . ¦
MISCELLAXEOtS— Fqn SALE. j
iiull.KHSj. engines, rd-haud machinery. Alci.%- '
TOfcH «c WOLPMAN. U0-1S7 Fremont st. j
OOLi^EviE kennels has 8 head of dogs, which '
must b« sold for board: also a fine stock of
<ii<t;s and peps ot all descriptions; can be
bought on your own terms. 115 Haight st..
idione Fell «S11.
; _ __i
a — i>C/ij-, t-fii* ..r ieni> ce&r, machinery, ea-
elnes, boilers, water iiloes. shafting, pulley*.
«ic. WHITELAW. 253-C55 Spear st. j
tiAU r.xiures: oik hoik; installments; billiard I
End jiool tables: easy terms or rented.- The
lirunt-wSck-Balke-Collender Cc. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN', highest grade, same as new. coat '
$2r.O. will sell if taken at once for $100 'cash- ,
bust o>; a rare bargain. Box 5<>0. Call.
FOR sale — The Irifh Fair Merry-Go- Round-
sure money. .McGUIRE & HASWELL Hit) i
Market 6t.
NKW and 1'd-hand boiler*, engines, dynamos,
tr.ot^.- a. pumps, wood and Iron working mi-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale et.
LOTS of hsrd old brick* on hill; Waller and
Buchanan; $5 50 per M.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makfs). ALEXANDER A: C.Q.. 110 Monts'y.
8000 FEET 2 to C inch pipe, with screw, lead or
nanst-d joints. THOMPSON. 40 Main Bt.
FRESH milk cow. 49 Chenery st.
ENGINES, boilers. lathes, planers second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beaie et.
5 DOLLARS — Sineer eewlng machine; good or-
der. 1571 Market st-. near Twelfth.
BOATS, launches, rc« boats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movlns
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE encinee. all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont »t-
RAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
I MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
I TOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
g° D>-McMajiters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilen
bought, gold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market gt.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<3-hand moving- pie-
tm-gg. EfLLARD & BRECK. 181 Po*t ft.
MISCELLAXEOIS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dre»s and. Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 4S4. .
WANTED — Heavy power or punching out
rr«ss. MO1SE-KLINKKER CO., 320 San-
feme st.
1 WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4900. Call.
HIGHEST prices paid for diamonds and seal-
skins; will call; confidential. Box 46S. Call.
VILTON wants eood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St. ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, a.njr
condition. Farn»worthElectrlcalWk«..41STurk.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS there are many makes of pianos on the
market, you must remember there is but
OXE HEINE, and in order to make room
for the 10 carloads now en route we will
offer the following bargains:
3 Etelnway .$35 to $2S0
2 Knabe $85 to $110
3 Weber .' $65 to $150
5.HaHet & Davis $S0 to $105
2.Flscher $"5 to M>>5
1 Bourne * 40
3 Haynes *233
1 Kittle *2s5
They ail roust bo; easy payments if desired.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
Heine Hall, 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many ¦¦seemingly advantageous
/propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
o!Ter exceptionally fine pianof and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland. _
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS!
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
Secor.d-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from ?175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 1<J to 20 O'Farrell St.; Chickering,
Mason & Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
DL'KING this week we can supply, while they
last, squares from $25 upward; uprights from
f)2r> upward. In new Instrument* we can
sell vou fine Wiysners or Baumelslers. Pay-
ments if you desire. THE ZENO ilAUVAIS
MX"SIC CO.. 7<2) Market Et.
AST rlano sold by us taken back any time
Within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
: price; costs vou only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1S50.
$JOO — UPRIGHT piano; cost $400; for sale on
J'5 installments. 130Q Gough st.. near Geary.
$1W-— ELEGANT large size Fischer upright.
JOS. 5CHMITZ & CO.. 1G McAllister st.
£ELL privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
TOT* may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CI'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett. Lud wig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
fold at once. Room 2, 237 Geary Bt.
A FINE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 51
(3JULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter, 721 Mission; tel.Maln 730.
' OFFICES AXU STORES TO LET.
STORE. 30x30, fronting on Natoma St., bet.
Fremont and First, -with pood dry elevator
basement 40x90. Inquire 143 First «t.
PALMISTRY. ~~ ~ ~
HUE. G. L. N EERG I AARD~reads l"Sto^4l 700
Post Et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 613
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 56L
PERSONALS.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
yeans; it cured hundreds of ailing women in
its first year and has cured thousands of euf.
•ferers every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co.,
2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 282 San
Francisco.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pali
of pante free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
BPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
suite, overcoats, hats ; call, open account at
our new store. C. P. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
ELKCTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., neat Market; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 00 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 4J
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dressing, any style, 25c; shampooing,
SOc; manicuring, 25c; switches, wigs and
front pieces. Q. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st
t WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quartei
• or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage ue-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary st.. S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
< FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market Bts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVAJfS. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
AT less thsn cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MONET loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearln and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St. ,__
LIQUOR habit — A new, safe and sure cure can
be riven without knowledge of patient. Ad-
drese P. O. box 552, San Jose, Cal.
A— f3 R0 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny Et.. near Pine.
fFINE KUITS. *10: dresg pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A — If your hair «* falling or you are bald. call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
BrTERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
Fj removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.420 gutter.
SPANISH lesson* and translations. 513 Mc-
Alllstcr «t. — - • ¦
RTTPTURE cured: no operation, bain or lo*t
Ubm. Fidelity Rui>ture Cure, 26% Kearny.
PERSONALS ConUnned.^
TAILOR MADE" sults,~$7 00; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELKCTRIC needle Fpeciallst: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 251).
Masquerade costumes r.t H. Anderson's, theat-
rical coRtumer. 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm,etc. 233 Gear>'.r.^7.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrg.Traverse.ll'OMarket.
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores jjrray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists .
OXE MtNUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS. CURE.
instantly; iOc and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DrTlAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists. ¦
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
n-j operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld, 0 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Oflice and' residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataract* cured by- absorption; rectal diseasep
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073 & Market.
URAL ESTATE CITY FOR- SALE.
R^AL^E^T^TE^FOR^ALE^
BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
630 Market Street.
O'Farrell. between Polk and Van Ness — Lot
27:6x120 to rear Btreet, with 4 houses; well
rented.
Pierce and California — Double corner. 50x120,
with six neai modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th— Lot 25x100.; fine view. .
California st., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
houses, 6 rooms and bath and 4. . rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontage. - . -. " v -. ; ; ;
Geary f-t., opposite Hamilton square— House,
2 stories, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:0x82:6.
Eureka Et.. between 17th and 18th— Lot 50x
120. with one-story cottase. 7 rooms and bath
and stable; $4000.
Eureka *t., between 17th and 18th— 3 flats, •
and 8 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath;
$6000. ¦ - ¦¦•' - • : • ' - „ I
Golden Gate ave.. between Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister- st-. ¦ between Pierce and Scott —
Fine lot, 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro st.; easy terms if desired. ¦
Sanchez, between 16th\and 17th — Lot -oxioo.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster — Lot
51x120, with six houses and flats: all rented.
Folsom. between 3d and 4th — Large lot; old
improvements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
Herrltt — Magnificent view and large lot; for
sale or trade for city property.
Two lots in Holladay Map A cheap.
Sanchez, bet. 14th and 15th— 25 or 50x100.
Cheap lots In Bernal Homestead; $10 per
iront foot: near Mission road. ¦
Gc'.den Gate ave.. bet. Baker ar.d Lyon — Cot-
tage, 7 rooms and bath ; lot : 25x137 :6;
N. H. LANG & CO.,
BANK SALE— BANK SALE.
_; j ~ i _
FOURTEENTH ST.. f
~Z «> 25 25 30 I
«* $10,000. tl t2 ta
8 l*.ooo- I | I 3
— : 1 — _
g $3,500 1 $1,650. 3
s .' ¦ — — - — g . -
2 S, $3,500 I $1,500. JJ 2
55 _!| : >
jj S $3,500 $1,500. g -"V
ts $3,500 $1,500. ' «
" °* SO . 80 '
MUST BE SOLD. MUST BE SOLD.
Greatest slaughter of business lots ever of-
! fered for genuine "6ale. Adjoining lots in block:
j north, south, east and west pf this heavlcsi
; transfer corner of the United Railways are helc
i and b^ii:g sold for at. least 25 to 60 per cent li
; advance of the figures shown in above diagram
| The old buildings are now removed and lot*
ready for building; all the 3 streets are sewerec
and accepted by the" city; corner crossings "and
Etone curbing all in, also stone sidewalks.
' N. H. LANG & CO1, 40 Montgomery St.,
Corner Sutter. . | Phone Grant 123.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB...... 850 MARKET ST.
RENTS COLLECTED.
$2500 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
basement and attic; half .block from cars.
$3000 — Two flats on Folsom St., near Twenty-
second; tot 22x115.
$3000 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath'
on Clementina St.. near. Sixth; lot 20xSO. ¦ '
$3500 — Filbert St., near Fillmore; 2 cottages
let 26:8x120; two frontages.
$5000 — Washington st., near Mason; modem
brick house of 9 rooms and baths; basement
$6000 — Buchanan St.; 2-story house of (
rooms, bath, basement, etc.; lot 25x92.
$7000 — Harrison st., near Fifth; 6 flats: renti
$C0; lot 20x86.
; $8500 — Jackson St.. near Baker; 3 moderr
j flats: rents $S1 50 per. month.
: f 10,000 — Scott st.. near Geary; 3 modern flats
rents $100O per annum; lot 27:6x96.
$12,500 — Page et.. near A6hbury; 3 new flats
rents $112 50 per month; lot 25x107:6.
$35,000—12 flats and a residence in the Mis-
sion; pays 9 per cent clear; part cash.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished
lot 126x300; price $2000.
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
J. F.~ PLUMBE. ~~
REAL ESTATE
1402 Valencia st. *'*¦«¦**,.
'. BARGAINS. /
$2400— Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 32x100-
Twenty-sixth Bt. * '
$1350 — Cottage. 5 rooms; - lot 25x114. 27th
st.. near Dolores. . . - .-;... • .
$1500 — Cottage. 4 rooms; lot ' 25x100; offer
wanted. Sanchez st.. near Valley.
$1400— Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x80. Folsom
st, near 2Sth. . . •
$650 — Lot 25x114. Duncan st. ; must be sold. '
MOST up-to-date houses In the city: If you are
looking for a swell residence or flats for In-
come, see the beautiful buildings I am juut
completing on Union and Steiner sts. ; . 13
sold, only 3 left; large reception halls and
living rooms; brick mantels, hardwood floors,
marble stairs, fine plumbing; the finest colon-
ial houses in the city: also a residence of 6
rooms; NW. corner Twenty-fifth and Dia-
mond sts. : lot 35x80; price only $3700; also
good income property. No. 4079 24tb/ st. ; great*
snap; price $7000. For terms apply on prem-
ises or 26 Montgomery St., room 8. S. A. ;
BORN, builder and dealer in real estate. '
$4350 — AT a sacrifice to prevent foreclosure:-
lot and 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms; near corner
Twenty-first and treat ave.; this property
must be sold. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24
Montgomery st., room 3. ;
$2000 — Two cheap flats, small street near Hyde
and Larkin; 646 Market st. THE MCCAR-
THY CO.
FOR sale — Fine sunny modern, double flats of.
5 and 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x122 ft; 911
Treat ave., near 22d ft. Call 1527 Howard.
REDUCED — $8250; house of 10 rooms; lot 48x
137:6: fine marine view. 1219 -Filbert St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkln.
$3500 — FLATS, 3 and 4 rooms; Hyde-st. car; •
one flat furnished. Owner 1233 Vallejo st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sftle
- — FOR SALE NEAR BAN FRANCISCO -¦
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, aa
£&n Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general terming. Apply.
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California et.. for
pamphlets and information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved land* in
large and small tracts In Alameda. San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed Met. HEALE Y Sc CARR. Realty and Min-
ing Co., 71S Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121. -
SANTA CLARA County; 4-room house; lot 212
x268; 1 cow; 1 horse and wagon; 50 pigs;
250 chickens, all sizes; 100 laying hens; all
for $1500. A. C. BERQER. Gllroy, Cal. •
$650 — SAN JOSE cottage, 5 rooms, barn; must
be sold for half its value. Address J. RUBEL
1209 Eagle ave.. Alameda. . . . .
Santa Clara Valley. Ran Jose and Penlnaular
properties. See WOOKTER. WHITTON > *
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. 8. F.. ft San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber. Wines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
TYPE I WRITERS AND SUPPLIES. ' :
GREATMBARGAIN8 IN TYP^WR1TERS^W>
sell better machines for less money than any
t-ouse in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter '
Exchange. 626 California: telephone Main 266.:
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Intpec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING .fc MI3IEOGRAPHIKG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio: copies, 2c; mlm-
i ecrraphifeK. 927 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 1539.
--'¦''., .-¦ SPECIA^ NOTICES : -„,
BAD tenants • ejected for $4; collections made;-
city or country. - PACIFIC r. COLLECTION
; CO.; ' 415 Montgomery. . rooms '9-10; tel. 55S0.T
STORAGE
MERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co . of--
fice; Post and; Powell sts.; tcl. Priv. Ex. 571-
GOLDEN .WEST Storage; advances made..S40
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F.'.-W. Zehf uss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st;'
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pgny.-2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 2S1. -.
VI rAOPATiiY. ' :'
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vlta-
opathy."; rv'AN McLAUGHLIN, 1104 Mar-
ket, rooms 11 & 12: free treatment Wednes.
: "proposals. / .
UNIVERSITY OF : CALIFORNIA, Berkeley-
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
•¦'Men:- Notice is hereby given to all' con-
cerned that' sealed proposals, or bids • are
' solicited • for performing - the labor and fur-
nishing the materials necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery-
. . and , Library building on the grounds of the
University of California at . Berkeley. Ala-
meda County, California, and said bids or
proposals will be received at the office of the
Board of Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. ' of the 6th day of
June, 1902. . And notice is hereby further
given : that the plans and sDeclflcatlons ' of
tiaid building have been made and adopted
.'and ere placed. in above-named' office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
. each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until -4 o'clock
p. m. from this date until said Cth day of.
June. 1902. No- bids or proposals will be
.considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
B p08er.ec.ual to ten <10) Der cent of his pro-
: posal. with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if said bid or oroposal shall be accepted
the . party proposing will duly enter Into a
¦proper contract to faithfully »erform : the
duty and obligations in accordance with said
I - proposal, and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
• of such, contract. . The right to reject any
and all bids -is hereby reeerved.'-
' This notice la given cursuant to an act en-
titled, "An act. to amend an act entitled,
'An act to create and organize the University
. of California.' approved March 25, 1868, and
1 an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
' proved March 28, 1872. relating to the con-
struction of buildings," ¦ approved March 3,
1897. : q
By. order "of the Committee en Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. - ; ¦
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
POSTOFFICE Department, Washington, D. C,
March 28. 1902. — Mail Catchers and Deliver-
ers Intended for the Purpose of Effecting the
Exchange . of Malls with Moving Trains. —
Sealed proposals from patentees or their as-
signees for. the , sale or use of patented de-
vices intended to effect the exchange of mails
with amoving trains will be received at this.
Department until noon on Wednesday, the
20th of August, 1902. . All proposals must be
r made in accordance with the. specifications,
which can be obtained from the Second As-
sistant Postmaster General. H. . C. PAYNE,
Postmaster General. ' • -'. N '
BIRTHS— MARRIACtES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent' by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BoSir. -
CUMMINS — In this city. May 22, 1902, to the
wife of Edward A: Cummins, twin sons.
DODGE— In this city, May 27, 1902, to the
wife of Albert C. Dodge, a son.
KOENIG STEIN— In this city, May 24, 1902,
to the wife of Dr. G. Koenlgsteln, a eon. .
MENZIES— In this. city. May 26. 1902, to the
wife of Stewart Menzies, a son.
RONEY— In this city. May 15, 1902, to the
wife of F. S. Roney, a son.
TAYLOR— In Oakland, May 25, 1902, to the
wife of Montell Taylor, a son. •
MARRIED. .
NORTON— RICKERBY— In this city. May 27,
1902, by the Rev. F. K. Baker. H. E. Nor-
ton and Miss F. . B. Rickerby, both of San
Francisco. . \ ¦ •
WAITE— ROBERTSON— In this city. May 26,
¦ 1002, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pastor
of Central M. E. Church, Robert P. Waite
and Helen A. Robertson, both of San Fran-
cisco. . :~ .
DIED.
Bunker, Samuel ; McGinn. George F.
Calkins, Charles L. Mibach. William P.
Galicla. Mary Perry, Sarah P.
Ginocchio, Caterlna - • Rice, Charles E.
j Grabowski, Louise C. Rowe, Thomas- HI
Guntern, Mathilda - Samuels, Isidor
,> Harris, Nicholas. R. !> Tracy, Edward D. .
\ Imthurn, Irma.' ' ¦ . --.-
BUNKER — In Berkeley, May 26, 1902, Samuel,
beloved husband of Martha F. Bunker, and
father of Mrs. E. B. Cushman, Mrs. B. F. -
Weeton and Minnie, .Charles F. and Fred
W. Bunker, a native of North Anson, Me.,
aged 78 years 1 month and 16 days. ' -
. (E7"Frlends are invited to attend the fu-
neral services Thursday afternoon. May 29,
1902, at 2 o'clock, ¦ at 2507 Cbannlng wajf,
Berkeley. Private interment at Mountain
View Cemetery.
CALKINS— In Lovelocks, Nev., May 27, 1902,
Charles L., beloved husband' of Amelia
Calkins, son of M. D. and Elizabeth Calkins,
• and brother of L. S., H. M., W. P., >T. D.
and G. Calkins, a native of Waukegan, 111.,
aged 37 vears 3 months and 2 days. -
GALICIA— In this city,. May 27, 1902, • Mary
. Galicla, a native of Ecuador, aged 68 years.
GINOCCHIO— In this city. May 26, 1902.
Caterlna, dearly beloved wife of the late
Pletro Ginocchio, and mother of Ida, An-
gelo, Adellna, Lillian and Elvira Ginocchio.
a native of Italy, aged 47 years 1 month and
19 days.
icyFriends and acquaintances ate respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday); at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 627% Lombard street," thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Church, where a sol-
emn high mass will be celebrated for the
repose ¦ of her bouI, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ -•
GRABOWSKI— In this city. May 26. 1902,
Louise C, '•* beloved and . only daughter of
. Frederick and Amalia Grabowski, and
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. V. Gorla, a
native .of San Francisco, aged 13 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the • funeral : to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 95 Bosworth street.
Interment Italian Cemetery. . ' .
GUNTERN— In this city, . May 27, 1902, Ma-
thilde, youngest and beloved daughter- of
. Adolph. and the late Mathllde Guntern, and
Bister of- Freda, Francis, Frank 'and Leona
Guntern, a native of San Francisco, aged. 3
months and 23 days. ¦ ¦; • ¦ ;
HARRIS— In this city, May 27, 1902, Nicholas
R., beloved husband of Mary E. Harris, and
" father of Cyrus B.. < Marshall C, James D.
and N. Roland Harris, a native- of Boston,
Mass. . . .
IMTHURN— In this city, May 27, 1902, Irma.
dearly beloved and only child of Jacob and
"Nellie Imthurn, a ' native of San Francisco,
aged' 4 years 9 months and 25 days.
McGINN— In this' city. May 26, 1902, George
" F., beloved son of the late George and Annie
M. McGinn, and brother of . Joseph "A.. Leo
' J., 'Allen, Thomas P. and -Ignatius McGinn,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2S years 1
month and 3 days. ' •
ItyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 30. at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 20% Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a' solemn 1 requiem
mass will be celebrated for, the repose of his.
soul, commencine at 9. o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.- 1 . .'.«...¦
MIBACH— In this city. May 26, 1902, William
'P., dearly beloved husband of Bessie Mibach,:
belovfid father of Ramona Mibach, beloved
son ot Agatha and the late Michael Mibach,
and brother Of Joseph, .Ida and the late
Peter J. Mibach, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years 3 months and 14 days. ¦ .
ICFrlends and acquaintances ' are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday, .
May; 29, at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 356 Corbett road, thence ,to St. Boni-
face's Church,' where a requiem mass will be
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagaii"& Gallagher.) '
V. DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND -EMBALMERS.
;¦>,,*¦.¦; 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. j j .
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street,
, Telephone Bush 367. '
NEW FIRM {OF UNDERTAKERS.
'•\ Samuel McFadden; '18 years manager for
'the United Undertakers'^ Association;- M.J.
McBrearty, • with the same company for ¦ 10
years; -P. F. Green, • late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
; lors • at - 1171 "Mission St., between . Seventh
'and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ,"
JAMBS McGINN^
' Formerly ; with . McGinn Bros.. I has . opened-
new Funeral Parlors at 214 .Eddy . St., -.bet. 1
'Taylor and Jones. '.Telephone South '576. V;
¦ %.,->¦ 27 nnd 29 Fifth St. TeJ. South 107 1
I rtlNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER&I
I M Finest • Equipment at -Moderate Ratea. j
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building: Association
J ' — The monthly requiem high mass for the
deceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and. for the parents
and relatives of living members, will be
. sung in St. Dominic's Church, Wednesday,
. May 28. at 9 o'clock.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from hla late
residence, 42 Albert lane, off Dolores street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to
Mission Dolores Church for seryicea. com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment' Holy Cross
Cemetery. . ¦ .
SAMUELS — Isidor • Samuels' wa» Interred • In
Hills of Eternity Cemetery May 27. 1902.
TRACY — In Honolulu, May 17, 1902, Edward
' D., dearly beloved husband of Susy Roberta
j Tracy, father of Edward R. Tracy, and be-
loved fcon of Mrs. James H. Hatch.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at.l o'clock, at the
' residence of James Taylor, 1211 Clay street.
Oakland. Interment I Laurel Hill Cemetery,
San Francisco. .
ROWE— In this city. May 26. 1902. Thomas
Henry Rowe. beloved husband of - Margaret
Rowe," father of I Mrs. Mary Higgins, Mrs.
Annie Sharon and William, Thomas,' Charles,
¦ Joseph, George, John. . Edward, James,
Frank. Richard and Anastasia Rowe. and
brother of Mrs. B. . McMahon, a native of
" Ireland, aged 63 years. A member of Val-
ley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W. (Albany and
New York papers rteade " copy.) .
: tGTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
. Wednesday, May 2S, 1902, at 11 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company. 2475 Mission street, near
• Twenty-flr^t. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
¦ tery, by carriage. ,
RICE— In Oakland. May 27, 1902, Charles E-.
husband of Annie E. Rice, and brother of
George Rice of San Francisco, a native of
California, aged 41 years and 5 months.
celebrated ' for the ¦ repose of his soul, com-
mencing at ;10 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross : Cemetery.. ! . . .. .. / ¦ . ¦
PERRY— In this city, at the residence of her
daughter. Mrs. M. L. O'Neal, 406 Gough
- : street, i Sarah Plllsbury, widow ] of the law
John Rogers Perry, a native of South
Thomaston, : Me., aged .75 years 9 months
¦ an'd 9 days. . ' . • .FIRST ROW— H. HARTLEY (NAPA), L. F. RYAN (FRESNO), J.. P. TOWEY (SANTA ROSA). H. J. COURNEEN (SAN , FRANCISCO), . P.. F. COURNEEN
fSAN FRANCISCO). E. C. RICE (OAKLAND), F. M. AZEVEDO (SACRAMENTO). .. . . ¦ ',"'y : ¦ .' '
SECOND ROW— T. C. KENNEALLY (DECOTO),' C: ; Ai ADAM (SANTA 3HARIA). }¦¦.¦ - ........ . ..: -
THIRD ROW-J. P. FLANIGAN* (SAN FRANCISCO), G.J. McDONOUGH (OAKLAND), BROTHER AGNON (ST. MARY'S), J. P. MARTIN (OAKLAND), 'A.
C. PORTER (SANTA BARBARA). . . .'.¦ . .,,..„. ...
;.- Cafe Zlnkand serves a substantial busi
ness men'i lunch. ... » . *' . •
Max Reichert, . Long Afflicted With a
Painful and Incurable Disease. •
Kills mmself.' -¦ -
Invincible disease,,' beiris'. only a burden to
well-meaning relatives, I find ' sufficient cause
for suicide-:— for an unmarried man \ hardly, a
sin, as with, this act , he only ', does 'jjood to
others ¦ while he does 'not -leave ' other* good
people suffer. ; " MAX .REICHERT. ;.
After having written these . words j In
pencil. Max Reichert ¦ swallowed ' a quan
tity of trlonal and turned on the gas; He
was found dead on the floor 'of the bath'
TURNS ON THE GAS
AFTER TAKING TRI01TAL
v 5 Y. ou l? al8< ? request that. your honorable
board disallow the $43,000 recommended for a
new , flrehouse and ' use the money to erect a
school building, as the Fire Department is al
ready more than well provided for
Our Invpstig-ntlon of the ' allowance for the
Board of Health shows that SW.620 is allowed
for salaries In the general office and In emer
gency-hospitals and for maintenance $13,200.
maklnar a tptal of $104,800. •. We would auggest
that this appropriation be reduced so as not
to exceed SCO. 000. ;\ .
Policeman -Dave' Murphy last' night .ar
rested ' Ong Lee- Ong,; the janitor' of a
tenement . in Chinatown known as the
"Palace Hotel,"- because he threatened th"
officer with a revolver. Murphy was mak
ing a tour of the tenement and on open
ing ' one of • the doors was | confronted : by
the . Chinaman, who- drew a revolver and
threatened to shoot-him. '
Threatened' to Shoot 'Policeman.
He lectured with but one short interrup
tion, for two ! hours and not one minute
of it lagged. An enthusiast concerning
Colorado Springs, he made enthusiasts of
his listeners- and many • of the .views
brought forth much applause. - • ' •"¦'¦¦ •¦"-.
- Beginning from the time wiien the In
dians swept the plains,' he -brought his
listeners to 1871, when the first spike of
the Denver Rio Grande was driveri into
the ground. He told of the energy -of
General Palmer,' who had been the main
stay of the railroad from its inception. and
. the 'backbone of the movement -.to create
a city. ' At one minute was seen the
famous Log Cabin. Colorado Springs' first
eating house; at the nest, the handsome
hotels, public buildings and .residences, of
the present day city. of 30,000 Inhabitants
. The lecturer told 'a story of two meh
meeting. at. Castle Rock and one said he
was going to Colorado Springs. "Don't
¦you- do .It," "said, the other; "there's not a'
drop of whisky to be found in the ; town '
and they, have six Shakespeare clubs go
jng at the same time.". > _,. ,'. , ; , ;
¦A very, fine colored view Jpf ¦ the spot
where the.new; sanitarium is about to 'be
built -and to which General Palmer has
donatedlOO acres of ground' and $50,000 in
cash was shown. He gave an interesting
account of the Cheyenne Mountain Coun
try Club In the suburbs of Broadmore and
showed some fine views of the big game
of the country, which ! so delighted Pres
ident Roosevelt's heart, including bison,
deer, mink, elk and bear, and finished. tho
.first. half of his lecture by showing his
audience -Helen Hunt's grave under the
.pine trees;, sealed with its I funeral pile of
red rock,' : and leading it through- Mon
ument Park with its innumerable curious
ly formed pillars. . ¦-.-¦...
During the. interval H. J. McCoy; secre
tary of the.y. M.:C. A., spoke' a few
words concerning the good work that the
association had done and , told how an
xious the association was to continue that
work lir Japan, to which end he would
ask the. audience to -give something.. A
collection was taken up by the ushers- ;
.The second part of Mr. McClurg's read-
Ing was taken up with the mining district
°{. Cripple.Creek and the beautifulscenery
of Manitou, colored photographs
of.tho Caves. of the, Wind and- the- manv
waterfalls and streams of that » district
The reading abounded with .stories both
sad and < comic. " ' ""•¦ ¦•-.••.;.'*. - .• t
It was a case of standing room only
last night,, at the Young Men's, Christian
Association Auditorium. Mason arid. Ellis
streets; when Gilbert McClurg, secretary
of the Colorado Springs Chamber of Com- r
merce, commenced his lecture on "Peak, !
Pass and Plain," aided by 200 stereopticon
views. . . -;'"¦;¦
"What I have, to say is In favor of the
army," said the- physician. "Some of my
best friends are under Investigation and I
want to defend them to the best of my
ability. . . . -. ,
"I was with a detachment of the Eight-'
administered by American soldiers. The
officer takes the stand that the soldiers
¦were perfectly right in the action they
took and that he went from Fort.Sheri
dan to "Washington recently and volun
teered to give testimony before the inves
tigating committee from Congress, but
that he was not called to the stand.
An army Burgeon, Dr. Palmer F. L«yon,
'wrho Is returning from service in the
Philippines and of whom much has been
said In Eastern papers In reference to his
witnessing the "water cure" practiced on
Filipinos, is at the Occidental.
T3i« doctor served -with the Eighteenth
Infantry and was present at Igbras when
the Filipinos were forced to take water
PIKES PEAK
IS HIS THEME
The police raided the Baltimore House,
5O2.Bush street, and arrested eight opium
smokers last night. • They were taken to
the Hall of .Justice," where' one' of them,
Fred Hall,< in an endeavor • to escape,
caused some excitement.. 'He crept up the
stairway and gaining, the first floor made
a' dash for the : street. He succeeded [in
getting out of the front door and pushed
past the crowd, but .Captain ': Anderson,
who- had just'been made a captain by the
Commissioners, followed -and- captured
him.. . . : : i , .-' ¦ .. ,_;•,.-. ¦ :¦
New Captain Makes Capture.
y - Before a vote was taken Supervisor Box
ton asked. where the money for the elec
tions was to come from. Braunhart re
plied that he knew of several depart
ments that could stand a "shave" in
their appropriations and the money saved
would pay for the elections.
Braunhart, as chairman of the Commit
tee on Public Utilities, reviewed the his
tory of the proceedings of that commit
tee in preparing for the proposed bond
issues for public improvements. He stat
ed that it was the desire of. the com
mittee to proceed slowly In the matter
on account of the probability of having
the issue declared Invalid owing to some
unforeseen technicality. For that reason
not a single step was taken without eoa
sultlng-the legal, adviser of the board.
Braunhart further said that one of the
most important elections would be that
of submitting ) proposed ¦. charter amend
ments to a vote. The charter is ambig
uous on the question of whether separ
ate elections shall be held f pr each pub
lic improvement. City Attorney Lane has
advised that . this is the safest course
However, one amendment making it pos
sible to submit: all propositions -to a vote
at the same election will be submitted in
order to take no .chances in proceeding
illegally in the premises. **-
FINDS FAULT WITH BUIXJEr.
Mission^ Federation Points Out Where '
Saving May Be^ Effected.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs held a special meeting yesterday for
the purpose of : analyzing f the various
items in the i pro'posed tax . budget as
recommended by the Finance Comnfittee
of the Board of Supervisors with a view
to pointing out where certain expenditures
cculd be lopped off/ As a result of the
investigation- the Federation decided to
submit., the -following- requests to the
Board of Supervisors:
The engineering bureau is allowed $00,000
whereas irom the small allowance made for
improvements there will be ,very ' little en
gineering to be done. The sum alleged for
l"o \m> nS sl > ould be reduced by at leas.1
; In vie* of the fact that there is very little
money allowed the Board . of Public Works to
expand for repairs and permanent Improve
ments the salary allowance is excessive and
should be reduced at least one-half i The
?K rW .n 1 ? 0 Mft t lSi»' ! * t requlres for sal
!™ »^ s nd ,* 6 °.0«0 'or engineering to expend
$25.). 625 for repairs .and improvements on
streets, sewers buildings, etc. The balance of
the appropriation is for work done by contract
th ej inspection > of which is taken out of • the
various appropriations.
JThe first election will be held for the
purpose of submitting" to a vote of the
people the proposition of acquiring the
Geary. Street Railroad. The second elec
tion is for the purpose of submitting
charter amendments including one to pro
vide for the submission of all proposed
public improvements at one election. At
the third election electors will vote on
the bond issue for. public utilities and
improvements. . . - ¦
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution providing j that a
sufficient sum of money be appropriated
for the holding of three special elections
during the next fiscal year.
Dr.- Lyon went on' to 'explain that' those
who were treated this ' way were always
natives who had i committed " some capital
crime. . He said that he. had never seen
a : Filipino thrown , down and gagged and
water forced down his mouth. . v . . ¦'.; ,
eenth Infantry and often had to, act as
chaplain as ..well- as doctor. I. and other
officers found that the ' 'water •• cure* was
the best way \ to frighten a Filipino, be
cause they are all superstitious and when
they get filled with water they are afraid
they are going to drown. Now they don't
want to "die without making their-confes
sion to a priest and . receiving extreme
unction, so when they have taken a few
drinks -of water they give up and tell all
they know.- . .- ¦ : - . .-. - •
"I have tried 'the .'water cure* for ex
periment and so .have the other officers
who were with me. ( I found that I j could
take Just'three pints." ' • -•¦¦; •:
Dr. L»yon- weighs -fully 22o ¦ pounds and
whether he expected a diminutive Fili
pino to contain as much water as himself
will 'probably be lost to history, as he did
not express his. belief on the .subject.
"There is no real physical pain in forc
ing a man to drink a limited amount of
water," the doctor continued. • "There is,
certainly, I must- confess, a- personal in
convenience — you become^ very sick ' at the
stomach, but you soon get over this. ,.
"I have. heard it stated- 1 . that American
soldiers have made Filipinos • drink . can
teen, after- canteen of: .water; -I.s.ay- I
have h«>r d of this, but never- have j seen
it. ' When I :" was present : I ¦ have Eee/i a
Filipino take two or three glasses of wa
ter and then he always became frightened
and told all he 'knew. 'Y -.»' ." • '. • ¦• '
room yesterday : morning at the residence
of • his, brother,- 211 .Third avenue. . - - :
The . unfortunate man had •• been '.in the
tobacco business in- New York City for
several years, but becoming afflicted with
j-pinal complaint, came to this city early
last year" for the benefit of his ¦ health.
He had. been suffe/ing great pain recent
ly. 1 and had been- obliged to take trlonal
to induce sleep. His suicide 'was not a
surprise, to -his friends. -¦ He was 43 years
eld and , a .native.' of ./Germany. His
brother is • a member of the firm of
Reiehert & Co., 821 Battery, street.
• . Adams' i Hair 'Restorer promotes growth, . re
stores/color and, beauty. to thin gray hair. 30c. *
CKflfges" Landlord With Assault.
'¦¦'. Charles 'Newman,' who rooms at 1807
Ellis, street, ' is lying, in' .the "City, and
County- Hospital * suffering from several
contused, wounds ot the body, and a frac
tured rib. In a statement made to Police
Officer Neil ?Reardon, Newman- complains
that, his landlord, William Hayer, went to
his , room -and inflicted the "injuries with
out apparent cause. -i- -.••¦-'" ..-¦-' r ;\ ¦-
Decides to Submit Three
Propositions to the
People.
BOARD PROVIDES
FOR ELECTIONS
WATER MAKES
NATIVES TALK
THE annual commencement ex
ercises of St. Mary's College
¦were held last night at Metro
politan Hall, which was taste
fully decorated with red, white
and blue bunting. The relatives
'and friends of the graduates
thoroughly enjoyed the programme, which
was rendered in a manner that reflected
great credit on the Christian Brothers,
who conduct the college. Each graduate
was greeted with applause as he stepped
t.i the front of the stage to receive either
the sheepskin or medal he had earned by
close and # careful attention to his studies.
The following was the programme ren
dered :
Overture, College Orchestra; "Our Heroic
Dend," Carlyle A. Adam; violin duet, A. P.
Miller. E. J. Field; "The Spirit ot the Con-
Commercial diplomas — John Joseph Morris-
Eey, San Francisco; William Gaston Stephens,
Oakland; John Lawrence Towey,' Santa Rosa;
Charles Francis Kiernan. Gazelle, Cal.;' Charles
Christopher Joyce, Oakland; '. Edward Joseph
Silver, Alameda; Anthony Richard Ruffo, La
Paz, Mexico: Robert Chester McNally, -Red
wood City; Lucien Brunettl Serventl, Sonora,
Mexico; Daniel Francis Bigley, Oakland;.Gas
ton William Domergtie, Saupallto; • HiiRh Fran
cis Gallagher. Oakland: George James Haley,
, Los Banos; Eugene Bartholomew Lilly, San
Francisco: William Paul Barnett, Nogales,
Ariz.; William Aloyslus Grow, Coqullle City,
•Or.; Thomas John La wlor, -Oakland; Paul Jer
ome Merrill, Oakland. " . . . •
The following honor medals were
awarded:
Archbishop's gold medal, • for evidences of
Degree -of Bachelor of Science — Carlyle. Alex
ander Adam. .Santa Maria; Harold Hartley,
Napa; George Joseph | McDonough, Oakland;
James Patrick Martin, Oakland; Asa Charles
Porter, Santa Barbara; Louis Florian Ryan,
Fresno. : ',..-' . > .
Etltutlon," Louis F. Ryan: vocal duet, ¦ F. M.
Azevedo. C. A. Adam: "Modern Journalism,-'
Asa C. Porter; instrumental quintet. W.
Stephens, J. Fitzgerald. F. Azevedo, A. Miller,
S. Field; -"Boer and Briton." George J. Mc-
Donough ; vocal quartet; : F. M. Azevedo. J. P.
Towey, C. A. Adam ,F.. O. Miles; .'"Our Na
tional Anthems," Peter F. Courneen; double
quartet J. P- PloVer. A. B. ;>F. M. Azevedo,
F. O. Miles. J.' J. Murphy, S. J. Field, Arza
Potter, B. S.; -C. A, Adam. J. -E. Gllllngham;
"The Reign of Leo XIII," James P.. Towey;
overture. College Orchestra : conferring of . de
grees; award of honor medals; final, ''Hands
Across the Sea," ; ColVege- Orchestra." , '. . ¦
The following degrees were conferred:
Master of Arts — John Richard McMurdo,' M.
D.. Ph.G., San Francisco. ¦-, . . •¦¦¦ ¦ .
Bachelor of Arts— Francis Michael Azevedo,
Sacramento; Henry John Courneen, San Fran
cisco; Peter Francis Courneen,' San Francisco;
Joseph Patrick Flanlgan, : San • Francisco;
Thomas '. Clement "Kenneally, Decoto; Edward
Charles Rice, Oakland; James Patrick Towey,
Santa Rosa. . - .... ,. .
religion,- founded, by the Most. Rev. P. W. Rlor
dan, ArchbishoD. of San Francisco-^-James Pat
rick.. Towev: '.next In merit, Joseph P. Flani
gan; third place, Edward C. Rice.
¦ Justin Kold 'medal, for the' best competitive
exam i na t Ion - in : languages, .founded by the . rev
erend, clenty.' of .-the archdiocese. -of .San Fran
cisco—Edward C. Rice; next in merit, James
P. Towey:- third in place, Harold . Hartley.
• Alumni • , s;old • medal, |] for.- the - best .English
essay. • founded - by the Alumni ¦; Association of
St. • Mary's ¦¦ Colleger-Henry J."' Courneen; -next
in merit, James P. Towey. ', •.-., -'.\- : * • . . ',
Mathematics cold medal, tor!' the' besfcomr
petition in .mathematics, .presented' by a -friend
of the. college — Harold 'Hartley; next in merit,
James; P., Martin; . third . place, Carlyle A.
Adam. .< , ¦ ¦¦ . »,,,-;'.••-.:.' ¦¦¦-."¦¦/\'/y~ .¦¦-'.-. -
Merit medal,, for general excellence,..present
ed'by the-colleKe—Francls-M/'Azevedo.' .-'•-¦•¦
Gold medal,- for Christian doctrine,. presented
by the collesre— Noble J. Pickle. '04.
Gold- medal,. for Christian' doctrine, presented
by the college — Edward- J. Burns. •'
Gold medal, -for Christian doctrine,' presented
by the college — P. Burnett Sheehan. .
On May 8, 1889, W. M. Brackett, super
intendent: of. police of Minneapolis, caused
to be issued .circulars offering $100 reward
for i* the - apprehension of Charles Start,
wanted fOr embezzlement^ and 'a copy of
this circular : was received by. the San
Francisco department, and placed on file.
It will .be remembered that during the lu*
vestigation. of-Hadley's. connection with
the Fuller. case it was discovered that hi3
mother resided in Chicago - and her name
was' Start;/ The description; given 'in the
circular would fit -Hadley . •, to a nicety, al
lowing for the: years • that have -elapsed
since he fled from. Minneapolis. His ar
rival in i San Francisco tallies '.with the
date of the. circular. The police have no
doubt that the embeszler is Hadley, more
especially- as -they- have information that
confirms : the' circular.,; .• : • • . :
In making a search of the records of
his department Captain Seymour yester
day, discovered that "Charles Hadley. the
missing, accountant.of the Examiner, who
is wanted for the murder of Nora Fuller,
was a fugitive from justice .when he first
came to. San Francisco. ¦¦¦.-. ¦;:.'¦ . ,
He Came Here.
Was an Embezzler Before
Police lind Circular Showing Hadley
FLED FKOM JUSTICE
THIB.TEE1T YEARS AGO
Commencement Exercises of St. Mary's College Are Held vat Metropolitan
Hall and Reflect Credit on Pupils and Instructors; ¦
. Beklns , Van ' and Storage Co. will' ship your
goods at reduced rates. .630 Market street. •
The remains were removed to the family
residence, 1010 .Fiilmore street. Harris
was a • prominent member of the Society
of California Pioneers and that organiza
tion will probably conduct the funeral.
The deceased leaves a wife and four
sons, • one- of •> whom is a member of J the
local police force. The other three. sons
are- engaged In business. ¦ -..'¦ '¦ -
It was Harris who arrested Howeli; the
famous counterfeiter, who' ( operated a
: bogus ¦¦¦ money plant ! near ! Stockton and
circulated ¦ the spurious coin all over the
country... Harris worked hard to convict
Howeli, but after three trials Howeli was
acquitted on a technicality.
Harris ;was always a strong Democrat
in politics and when the- Republican ad
ministration came into power he was
forced to resgin as Secret Service Agent.
For the last six years he lead a retired
life,' attending only. to. private business af
fairs. . " . '• ' . . " ; . ¦ ¦ ¦
In ,1880 Harris removed Ho Contra Costa
•County.;- and • became interested in i real
estate. In 1882 he was appointed by Presi
dent Cleveland as United . States Secret
Service Agent and in that office .he fur
ther ; distinguished himself by making
many notable arrests. .: -
Harris 'was one '•; of the trio « of :" Sheriffs
whose hunting down. of Mexican outlaws
made . them famous all over,, the country-
His two associates were Tom Cunningham
of, San Joaquln and Harry Morse , of Ala
meda. Cunningham died some time* ago
and Morse "is now the. sole s*urvivbr. of the
famous 1 trio who did'so much 'to rid the
State of the criminal/element.:; : ¦
'; Harris-. was' born; in Boston sixty-six
years ago arid came to California: in the
days of the ¦; gold excitement. He crossed
the plains in 1852 and engaged in mining
in the northern part- of -the State. After
a varied experience in .the mining .camps
he settled in San- Jose in the early '70' s.
Sjj He was. elected Sheriff of Santa Clara
County a few years later, and served in
that capacity for twelve years. While in
.the Sheriff's office he. earned a great repu
tation for himself by capture of many
notorious ..criminals who infested the
State in. those days. He was known as a
courageous and honest official. - -¦-¦'
Harris had been in . the - oest of health
and? the t news : of his sudden .demise will
come as a great . shock j to his . numerous
friends. ; About eight months. ago he suf
fered from; a light stroke of apoplexy, but
soon. ; recovered.* ; >' . -¦/'¦'
• Nicholas, R.; Harris, 'one of the oldest of
California's ; pioneers •'¦ and widely . known
throughout the'. State, was; stricken. with
apoplexy.; shortly, after • 1 o'clock yester
day, afternoon while; walking along ; Mont
gomery street and" expired in the arms of
hisison, who was"; accompanying him. on a
business trip. \:" V : 'r t~. : >-.- ¦¦'¦ '.'¦• ¦
Walking Along Mont
gomery Street ''¦":
:' ¦' .., .-: .- — ,' • - . • l.r\ : ¦¦¦¦.
Is Fatally/ ¦Stricken : While
Nicholas R/ ; Harris Suc
. -cilmbs ;fo Attack
of Apoplexy. „
SUDDEN DEATH
OF A PIONEER
DEGREES AND MEDALS THE RE WARDS
FOR CAREFUL ATTENTI0N TO STUDY
THE SAN ; ' ; FJ?i^^
14
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, SATUfiDAY*
Two Stores With Money-Saving Prices.
BEST BUTTER. choice of brands.
Rich Creamery Butter, ProoTlrf tasfta^
Wednesday-Saturday. i »-*"5.
H-0 OATMEAL. Atlas Oats. Scotch
2 lbs each. Usually I5c S iUC
BAKING- SODA, or Saleratus, 10c Dock-
ages . . " r
Full iwund. , oC
FIRST QUALITY CORN, New York
State. 4 can3 3j> e
COFFEE, Costa Rica Straight 1b SOeN
Full body, delicate aroma, usually 25c i
JAVA AND MOCHA "Cream" COI^ J
r££, . n> **3<*'
Highest price coffee, always uniform.
At this price once a month only. Usually
ENGLISH BREAKFAST TEA. 50o
quality, . n> o-;
If frugal, you'll buy.
ASTI WINES'. Port or Sherry,
6 years old. Mild, rich, healthful! Sa'ro?
pie at store. "Well worth $1- ¦
ALL BRANDS WHISKY, qt bot Sue
Wilson • Rye, Crescent Rye. Jcsae
Moore, Old Government, Hermitage. Old
Castle Malt, Old Crow, O. P. S.
None sold to dealers. Regular price,
SI 00 to $1 25. . . - .
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE, Genu-
ine, 2 bottles 25c
Marshall's half-pint size; ,
119 Taylor Street and McAllister and Fill-
more ¦ Streets.
ERUSA
Cures Piles, or $5O Forfeited.
No Mercury or Opiates.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
I* ZEH. 122G Market «t
WAKELKE & CO.. Bush and Montgomery «ta.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.. 049 Market st.
¦DR. H. B. KILBOURN. 551 Third «t.
SEARBT'S PHARMACY. 4C0 Sutter tt.
J. CALEGARIS. Kearny and Pacific sts.
P. B. HULTING. Third and Howard sta.
"W. E. MAYHEW. 144 Fourth st.
R. "W. COFFIN. Sixteenth and Valencia sta.
J. H.- WINTER. Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts.
E. HAPPERSBERGER. Sixth and Mission sta
C. F. FULLER. Clay and Fiilmore sta.
D. D. HUNT. 1S0O Haight st.
SHAW PHARMACY, Sutter and Powell «ta
GLEASON, Kearny and Clay sts. '
E. J. SMITH, Eddy and Taylor sts.
ARIEL PHARMACY. 40O Hayes St. » ,
STOCKTON-ST. PHARMACY. ICO Stockton sti
J.S. POTTS DRUG CO.. 1016 Market & 11 Eddy.
w> i^ /—» t»
. All-wool Suits to Order j^v
Fine Dressy Suits to £^^^^k '
$2o"ob. W§0k
Pants 64.50 up. ifei^^J K%
Joe romm^m^
THE TAILOR, • \^M
1110 and 1112 MarJcet St.
201 and 203 Monfy St. W®
143 South Spring St., WS --3^k
Los Angeles. %M^ ;t &'tff
Perfect Fit Guaranteed
. . or No Sale. vJ^"^
Weak Eyes Stren^thaned.
, I'alnful or Inflamed eyes la-
'tantly relievej with G*:uilOi£
: A:<?i42P5 MAYKItLK.S. German Ey«
'WW Water. 6oc. at 1071 Market
7/"'*\T^ tt. Tel. South £72. None «sn-
uine without ¦ this ! trademark.
THE WEEKLY CALL
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 FOST STREET.
We call particular attention
to the folloyving lines of NEW
GOODS, which we will place
on SPEGIAL SALE commence
in^ Monday, May 26th. Upon
inspection they will be found
better values than anything
we have offered this season.
SCOTCH WOOL CHECK CHEVIOTS, in mixel color
effects, These goods are full 54 inchss wide; come
In da^k,, medium and lirjnt Graus, medium Browns
and Blues; are Yeru desirable for tailor-made and
outing suits; were formerlu sold at $1.50 nard.
Price to close ................ — 65c Yard
43-INCH ALL-WOOL SUITINGS, In Granites, Crash
CheYiots and Chalk-line effects. These areallnew f
seasonahle goods, and are In_a great Yarietu of
colorings; were imported to sell at 75c and 85c per
uard, We will now sell the entire lot at
50c per Yard
GENUINE IMPORTED WASH FABRICS, consisting of.
Frencii Ginghams, Scotch Zephurs and Egyptian
Tissues/These goods are in assorted stripes anl
latest colorings, such as Blues, Reds, Maize, Laven-
der, Pinks and Graus; were Imported to sell at 25c,
35c and 40c uard. Theu will all he now sold at. .^.
15c Yard
We will - also continue this week our special sale of
• TRENCH PRINTED SATEENS at. 15c Yard
Samples .ofa'hoYe goods will he^sent free to anu address, v
and our customers are asked to write for them at once B
With StoinpoQs of Cutieura Soap
ISli . ' -V'- ; |
This . treatment at once «tx)ps falling hair,
renioyes crusts!; scales; and daridriirf, soothes
jrritated,;itc^
clesiisupplies tl^e roots with 'eber^y.ananourUli-.
an^ P 1^^ }'?he hair j^rowiipon a svvcet,
;; whiolesorrie, healthy scalp wjhen all else faii5.^
"* A^sistod hy.CtmrrRA OiNTMKNt for priworVing; jmrtfyin^ ar.M tmauiiryin K
•the skin.for..clean5intf the scalf. or . •cnwM,-M-.'.|c*, and dai^rui!, »nrt u^ '
Mopping of fallinffhatr, for *Mft«'ntii};,vv-hJi«iili^, and B(»of.h)n- ml ronichi U
nlid gore liands, for baby nulled -'Jtcliiii^j.: nnd chafinjis, in th.i fl>rmof bHtfis
ror annovlns: irritations and •iii(lftnim;iUon ! ?,'or to.» in-e or uileiwivt- pvffmx'
ation^ ,hy womep'J.Dithe^oriu of.w:LsHcM for iilcerfttWi* w<-:Vki)t;R9i>sVfloii : niaiir
,.- sanative, antiseptio purposes which readily surest thnrisolverf t«i women ju.fl
mothers, and; for; nl";the purpo»o*«r rhc! toilet, '.'bath. ;'aiui miriicry N f <»
. nmount.ofpcrauasioD.caD Induce those, who have once used thc-s« pjcoi
.pkiD; purifiers aiid^beaiitifiefs'to-nsc any other?. ¦espcciallv'for prescrviD«»
•.-?. n ?opurifyiug the sliin. scalp, atid hair of. iiilaiits and .children. ' " '
; COMPLETE iXTERHAtAHO INTERNAL TREATMENT FOB EVEflV HUMOUR, $1.00.
' "' •"¦' >i V^onslBttUfl Of OlJTlClJUA 0«>A»-, 'J.V4 to r.lcim.s«: tlic »klD Of r.njHls
- - ffl H I I IPSH'PSl 'HF* B S*\^ anrt , isof t<--' 1 Ul« thlokcrn-ij riiticlc. CLTICURA OntTJlKKT
U8JlE.E<L>HJii^H ***"<** instnntly aJlny llclilng, Innamin.itioii. ami 1rrlt.'»U"n. and .
¦¦• ¦•-^ < <7>-v .--. - >T, eootjje and he.-i). nnd Cuticiiiu . Rksoltent . Pills 2*;:; to cool '
•¦'¦' ¦""•Tho'Sftt'^ll Ma «lcaD8f th«H)loort' "A.SINOLF Set is often suliirteni to cure
¦¦'¦' fillTinilRS ?¦ RP^ni VFNT Pll I C CCChocolaM Coated) are a new. tnrteies?, odor.
,V y .' lOUnH nCOULf Lll I rlLLO lea*, economical ettbstltntu for th: celebrated
, Hquid CirTicuiu Resolvekt, a»,well aj forol) other blood puriflen. an.J humour cures.
; ar£ £Jl l " 8Or e w ;f n PPf d .Pocket -TialB. rontnlnlnR 60 doses, prtce.Sic-CtrncuitA:-Pn.LS ;¦
• S«^ ll tcraU^ c ' P^P^f • *°? lr i' and 'Hjrestive. and tht purest, 8\vcet«et, most euccessXul
_•: and economical of blood »nd skin puriifen, humour cures, and tonicOicestirel. ° - "
Do
the ESri.^^
It is conceded^^K'afe^R'byar: ':¦
Baking Powder is piir^st and
strongest of all baking pow-
ders, absolutely free from; aliim.
ammonia and every^- adulter-
ant. "Royal" makes tile best
and most wholesome food.
ftOYAl. BAKING POWDER CO.. 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK. - .