The third Boer attack upon the convoy
was delivered from various points and
was most determined. By sheer reckless
ness they sought to ride down and over-
LONDON, March 4.— Telegrams received
here from Kl«*i*-rp deseribine: tho at
tack upon and capture by the Boors, Feb
ruary 24, at a point southwest of Kicrks
dorp of 467 British soldiers, who were act
ing as a convoy to an empty wagon train,
show that General Delarey laid his plans
with consummate care and precise knowl
edge of the ground.
at Klerksdorp.
Details of tho Success of Bold Boers
DELAREY PLANS CAPTURE.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 4.-The sailing
rchooner Oscar and Hattie, for which
fears were expressed because of a dere
lict schooner having been seen In the
strait* on Sunday, arrived here last night.
Tae Oscar and Hattie Safe.
-__~ ONDON, March 4.— A dispatch
jw from Harrismlth, Orange River
J? Colony, says that Boer prisan
3 . ers report that General Dewet
. ¦¦ t^f was shot in the arm during the
recent attempt to break through
the blockhouse line held by the New Zea
landers in the vicinity of Harrlsmith and
Van Reenan.
In Introducing . the army estimates,
£69,310,000, in the House of Commons to
day. War Secretary Brodrick entered into
a long defense of the War Office, which
he contended had done its work well, con
sidering that a war had never before been
waged on such a scale as the South Afri
can war.
WORK OF WAR OFFICE.
The War Ofllco to-day was feeding 300.
000 men and 243,000 horses in South Africa
and there were no complaints on thnt
score. The experiences of. the pntU year
had confirmed the necessity for changes
in the army administration, in decentr.-il
iratlon, etc., as outlined by the Govern
ment last year. Military oflk-crH and
clerks were being rapidly substituted in
the War Office for civilian officers and
clerks. , -¦ .• :*'•£ .
In regard to recruiting, Brodrlck be
lieved the limit had been reached. No re
duction In the strength of the army could
be expected, and probably the Indian
garrison must be increased. The country
had already had enough experience of al
lowing the colonial garrisons to sink be
low their proper Hmita. With the view of
giving a fillip to recruiting, . the Govern
ment proposed to allow enlistment for
three years, with nine years in the re-
In regard to the mueh-dlBcussed ques
tion of volunteers, Brodrlck declared that
If tho volunteers were to bo a bnr to con
scription they must make themselves ef
ficient. It v/as proposed to establish a
volunteer reserve of men over 40 years of
age, who were unable to comply with
thoordlnnry regulations, and to establish
during tho present year a militia reservo
of w.000 men. Tho education of all ofll
eera would be vigorously prosecuted and
the' expenses of young' officers would bG
lightened.
FOR MILITIA RESERVE.
serve, and with the object of Inducing
men to enlist for India at.d elsewhere
abroad It was proposed to give every one
a clear shilling per day. If, after two
years, the soldier decided to serve eight
years with the colors and four years in
the reserve, he would be paid an extra
6 pence daily. Brodrlck said this would
result in enlisting a better class of men.
By 7 o'clock in the morning all resist
ance was at an end. The dead and wound
ed were scattered all over tho field.'
'Broken wagons and panic-stricken horses
and mules made a scene of indescribable
confusion. Not until ' General \ DeJarey
came In person was anything like order
restored. He stopped the Boers engaged
in stripping the> British" wounded: by .the
free use of the sjambok, but they contin
ued, the work of desp6llirig*"dlrectly his
back was turned. K <"¦ ¦
For two hours the British held out.
They then divided and were overwhelmed.
A few minutes of cautious fighting" and all
was over. Tho Boers galloped along tho
lino, firing at every man who showed tho
slightest tendency to resist, until they
reached and captured tho guns. Iri tlio
cxelte.mont the Northumberland Fusllecrs.
who had been' cut off, succeeded In light
ing their wny out for some distance.
When their ammunition became exhaust
ed they charged with bayonets, but were,
speedily overpowered.
whelm the British defense. Tho British
guns shelled the charging Boers, but
nothing stopped their onslaught, which
was delivered with unusual Impetus. The
convoy of mules was subjected to a heavy
fire. and. deserted by tho native drivers,
tho mules stampeded, putting mnny of tho
defenders tcrnpornrlly ,out of action and
causing the wildest confusion.
LONDON, March 4.— It is expected that
tho projected visit to Ireland of King Ed
ward has been abandoned because. It is
said, of the aggressive action of the
United Irish League.
• t
King Abandons Visit.
Secretary B rod rick Introduces the Army
Estimates Which ' Amount to
£69,310,000.
WAR IN SOUTH AMERICA.
Formidable Character of the Revolu
tion in Colombia.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— Advices from
the seat of war in South America are
meager. Nothing has been heard of the
reported Insurgent nava) operations on
the coast of Venezuela. Report3 from Co
lombia show that the Government 13 thor
oughly awakened to the formidable char
acter of the revolutionary outbreak near
the capital and that a large body of
troops has been hastily ordered from the
north to assist In the defense of the capt
tal. -; V.V..
A report came from United States Minis
ter Hart at Bogota stating that 5000 of
the best soldiers in Colombia had rein
forced the Government troops near Bo
gota. Fighting had continued for some
days, but reliable details had not been re
ceived.
PANAMA, March 4.— General Salazar,
the recently appointed Governor of the
isthmus, arrived here to-day. He was
given a notable and enthusiastic recep
tion. General Salazar will at once begin
an active campaign against the revolu
tionists. *
Lord Francis is now at Brighton, where
he Is recovering from the amputation of
his foot, performed somo tflna ago. Ha
is to be fitted with an artificial foot next
month. It'ts said that his suit for di
vorce, which will be undefended, comes
ud In America very shortly
Deepdene, although heavily mortgaged,
i.« very valuable and with careful manage
ment can be made to pay oft by degrees
the Indebtedness. It Is understood that
Lord Francis' share of the money real
ized by the sale of tho famous Hope bluo
diamond has also been turned over to
the Insurance company.
LONDON, March 4. -Lord Francis Hope,
who has managed to spend £600,000 tinea
coming of age, has Just assured htmselt
of a certain Income for the rest of his
life by turning over all his property and
expectations to ft ltfo Insurance company,
which guarantees him an Income of £20C0
a year for life. Ills prlnclpat asset t.«
Doepdeno, a beautiful .estate, now leased
to Lily, Duchess of Mnrlborough, widow
of Lord William Borosford. \
Assets and Will Receive
£2000 a Year for Life.
Spendthrift Briton Turns Over His
LORD FRANCIS HOPE
BUYS AN ANNTOTY
i^nm y EW YORK. March 4.— Ma Jor
P®^ I Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy.
I '^m<l who confessed he forged the
/ Dreyfus bordereau, has been
jBl. V seen in this city. -"He is said
to have spent two hours in a
Broadway restaurant in animated con
versation, with a young man and woman.
Esterhazy was shabbily dressed and his
features were extremely thin. Count Pen
gaert of Belgium, who knev/ Esterhazy in
PariF. and two waiters are the persons
claiming, to have recognized the man who
became notorious in the Dreyfud case.
FRAUD IS DISCOVERED . .
IN A RUSSIAN PROJECT
Charges in a Matter of Port
Establishment.
Siberian Newspaper Makes Serious
ST. PETERSBURG,* March • 4.— The
Petersburgskaja:Gaseta reprints^a story
of an amazing scandal in connection with
the projected ¦ Russian Pacific port at
Dalni (Tallenw^n)., , -, *; • •
The story Is taken . from the local Si
berian newspaper. It Is alleged that the
Under Secretary of Finance, M. Kokowtz
off. has discovered the huge piers specilled
In the contract are represented merely by
masts', in- the sea, showing- -where they
should be constructed. It hois also been
found that tho docks Intended to hold the
largest ocean-going ships ore too small to
accommodate even ordinary coasting ves
sels. The ¦buildings intended to servo ns
warehouses and magazines ; are so badly
put together ..that many of the ceilings fell
In before the HtruetureH were completed.
Tho Government hns ordered nil credit for
the works to be stopped and hns recalled
SakharofT. the chief constructor, to St,
Petersburg. - : *J ¦' v - -
PIIESIDENT OF FRANCE
MAY VISIT THE CZAR
I.oubet Recives.-' an .'Invitation From
Nicholas and Cabinet will Con
. sider It.
PARIS, March 6.— In Its issue of this
morning the Figaro says that President
Louoet received yesterday an autograph
letter from the Czar Inviting him tovVistt
St. ¦ Petersburg and requesting him to fix
the date when he would do soi.^.
This letter will - be submitted to the
Cabinet at its next meeting. The end of
May will probably be decided upon as the
time of .the. visit and Loubet will stay, In
fter his flight from Paris Esterhazy
ved in obscurity In England.
STEIKE ' SYMPATHIZERS '
; HOLD NORFOLK STREETS
Although Guarded by Police and Mil-
itia, Cars Are Frequently
' Derailed.
NORFOLK, Va., March 4.— A mob of
500 strike sympathizers to-day held the
streets of Norfolk on which the main line
of the Norfolk Railway and Light Com
pany's cars run and the police were un
able to cope with It from noon until after
dark, when the cars, which were guarded
by detachments of militia and had run
with difficulty all day, were housed In the
barns. Cars were repeatedly derailed,
wnson loads of stones were piled on the
tracks and free fights between the military
guards. nnd the, crowd occurred at fre
quent intervals.
In one difficulty a sergeant ran a
bayonet Into tho arm of II. II. Ilarman
sef/'a barber. Mrs. llarmansef, who was
standing by her husband nt the time,
knocked the sergeant* to the ground with
both fists and discolored tht* face of Lieut
tenant 'Gait, who" was near. Several sol
diers were qtriick by missiles thrown
through the windows of ears. A number
of arrest's have been made, both by the
police, nnd military. Eight companies- of
militia arc on guard. The police forco of
100 men has been on duty for forty-eight
hours nnd Is unable to meet the emer
gency. ' It is possible that the additional
companies nf the Seventy-first Regiment
and a .battery of artillery will be called
for in the morning to tnke charge of the
city.
Her Life Spanned a Century.
SAN JOSE, March «— Mrs. Matilda
Brothers, who had resided in Santa Clara
for ninety years, died there to-day at the
age of 100* years. She was a member of
the .Guerrero family, prominent in early
California' history.
THE GALLANT BOER GENERAL WHO HAS SUCCEEDED .IN MANY
DESPERATE ENCOUNTERS IN BREAKING THROUGH THE LINES
OF THE PURSUING BRITISH TROOPS. •
FRENCH OFFICER WHO CON
FESSED THE FORGERY OF
DREYFUS BORDEREAU. .
Officer Who Forged
the Dreyfus Border^
eau an Outcast
The Empress of India reports that the
river boat Yuen Chun, while lying, be
calmed near Hslasih, on West River, was
boarded by armed pirates and captured
after a struggle. The crew were made
prisoners and taken to Talchow, where
their captors confined them in a cabin till
January 20. They were rescued on that
date by a robber chief named Chin Chili
Mang, who made n raid on the place.
Chin Chlh Mang captured two of the pi
rates and burled them alive on a hill
overlooking the town. |
Fathers Collet and Marnue have gone to
the scene apd the viceroy has given orders
to have, a search made for the guilty.na
tives.
From Kiangsl news was received of the
murder of a French priest. Father Jullen,
on the night of January 15. The murder
took place in a house rented by the mis
sionary in the market of Matsenhao, sub
prefecture of Chi-Hing. , The first blow
must have been given " while he slept.
Father Collas, who found the murdered
man. telegraphed to M. Morel that Father
Jullen had three horrible wounds, and a
telegram from the viceroy adds that his
hands were cut off. A servant of the mis
sionary was found dead, hls-body cov
ered by wounds. Another body was found
outside.
Father Bougaerts was wounded by the
swords in the hands of the Chinese, but
was not killed. Suffering great agony, he
was carried off to a near-by village,
where, although ' wounded in fifteen
places, ho lingered for five, days. Accord
ing to some reports he was tortured by
his captors.
Fathers Van Merhaogh** and Bougaerts
were living in a mission at TInlaytlz. One
day thirty men, mostly;"; Mohammedans,
some of whom wepo soldiers, made their
way quietly' at dusk into the mission com
pound.v, Suddenly— they_^UHhcd into the
mission " house and attacked " the two 'for
eigners. Father Van Merhaoghe was
killed at once, his skull being cloven by a
sword blow from one of the soldiers.
VICTORIA, B. C7| March 4.— News was
brought to-day by 1 the Pacific liner Em
press of India of ft massacre of Belgian
missionaries Jn Kansu, Western China.
Rev, Father Bermcin, who belongs to the
Belgian mUslbn, has arrived at Peking,
and reports thai on the deposition of
Prlneo Tuan's son by tho Empress Dow
ager, tho missionaries were warned to ex
pect an attack in retaliation by Prince
Tuan, who is living In a fort at Nlnghsla,
not far from tho neighborhood. The resi
dent magistrate Is friendly to foreigners
nnd guards were «cnt to most of tho mis
sion station*.
Special Dlspateh to The Call.
A leading bank of New York also gave
the news to The Call's representative
there that the $21,000,000 to complete the
tfcal will be deposited at the Sub-Treasury
in New York to met the withdrawal of an
«*<jual amount from the Sub-Treasury in
this city. New York banking houses also
i. limit that before the Baltimore syndicate
takes full possession fully J40.O00.O00 will
be transferred from New York to San
TranclBco.
The present temporary board will be
succeeded by a permanent one on March
2«, when the final deal will go through.
Word was received from New York last
evening that Brown Bros. & Co. of thut
city, head of the underwriting syndicate,
have sent out allotment letters, calling
for a payment of 20 per cent of tho w.holo
120.000.000 on Mnrch 6.
In the papers that were filed yesterday
George E. Starr, as treasurer, has sub
scribed J1T9.C00 and tho other four direc
tors J100 each, making a total of $180,000,
or $1000 per mile as prescribed by the laws
of the State of California.
MONEY WELL BE READY.
In the event of the liquidation or dissolution
of tne company the holders of the preferred
clock then outstanding shall be entitled to re
ceive the par value thereof out of the funds
end asseti of the corporation then remaining
l*for* anythlnc shall be paid therefrom to the
holders of the etock.
The preferred slock shall be entitled to divi
dends out of the surplus n«>t profits of the
company as ascertained by the board of direc
tors at the rate -of but not exceeding 4 per
cent per annum, payable Beml-annually In each
i fteI year, \rhlch dividend shall be paid in
priority and preference to any dividend on the
common etock and ehall be cumulative.
The capital stock of the syndicate is
Ji">.OOQ.OOO, or 400.000 shares at $100 per
share. Of this the preferred stock is J20.
100.000. In the words of the incorporation
papers: 'V,'
The pyndicate filed wtih its incorpora
tion papers what is known as a dummy
ir temporary list of directors. It is com
posed of George E. Starr, a real estate
tr.an of this city, who is at present secre
tary of the San Mateo lines; G. H. Whit-
IVld, who is superintendent of the same
i'.r.^f: W. M. Abbott, Deputy Attorney
¦General, end George K. Ford and C. P.
Gale, both clerks in Attorney General
J^ord's office.
TEMPORARY DIRECTORS.
J. M. Duane was seen yesterday after
noon by a Call reporter in the Nevada
Bank Just after he had held a lengthy
interview with I. W. Hellman. He would
j;ot admit that the Eutter street and Su
tro lines would pass into the hands of the
pyndlcate to-day. He would only say
that "to-morrow evening he would have
nn item to give out to the press." From
ether local financial sources, however, it
¦was learned that the deal would be made
to-day.
r.nnr'.ut circles rhnt <h» price to b« paid
•for them is $2,000,000. Although the syn
dicate will own the property from to-day
on there will be no nctual change in the.
operation of the roads for (several weeks.
A member of the syndicate etatod that
there would be no change in the opera
lion of the road until the new owners had
required possession of the entire system
•which they are buying.
To-day the pyndlrnlo *"' make Its first
real purchase by buying Um Sutter-street
m4 Butro line*. These roads, including the
cobl« and electric lines, embrace twenty
two miles of track, and It is rumored in
Th« new street car system will bf
J:nown «» tho United rtnllro&ds of Ban
J'randseo. It will operate ISO miles of
••treet car tracks In this city and county
«nd San Matco County, or in other words,
th« entire street car system of Snn Fran
cisco, with the exception of the Geary,
California and Union street linen will be
controlled by tho Baltimore syndicate.
Th» Market Street Railway Company
¦will eoon be a thing of the pa«t. The Bal
tJmor* syndicate yesterday filed its arti
cles of Incorporation with the County
Clerk of this city and county. It filed
th« documents early in the morning— then
withdrew them, and deposited them with
th« CWk uealn ten minutes before ihe
riffle* closed.
Suspicion Is growing In naval circles
that Germany Is delaying her demonstra
tion in Venezuelan waters until the time
the squadron will start north, though in
diplomatic circles it is stated that Ger
many Is simply observing tjie wishes of
the United States.
When the Philadelphia returns to Pan
ama-the North Atlantic squadron will
leave Colombian water?. From Colon it
will proceed to Cartagena and from tho
latter point will steam to Trinidad. It la
expected that It will not leave the Car
ibbean coast of Sbuth America until early
next month.
Consul General do Leon at Guayaquil
has ewnptained to tho State Department
that Ecuadorian officials have been levy-
Ing blackmail upon American ofllclaU,
and should they refuse to pay liuve or
dared them to Jail. It is alleged that De
Leon In protecting them has overstepped
hla authority. Captain W. W. Relnalngpr,
commanding the Philadelphia, will maka
an Inquiry Into the trouble, and his re
port will probably determine whether De
lleon remains at his post.
CALL. BUREAU. U06 G STT.EET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. March 4.— Carrying
out Instructions cabled by Secretary
Long, the Philadelphia left Panama to
day for Guayaquil to Investigate the al
leged outrageous treatment of American
citizens by the Ecuadorian omclals. While
tho Philadelphia Isi absent from Panama
tho North Atlantic squadron, four battle
ships strong, will bo In Columbian waters.
Rear Admiral IIIgKinson. commander In
chlvf, cubled the Navy Department to-day
that he had nalU-d from Clenfuegoa for
Colon with tho Kearaurs'f, Alrtnama. In
diana and Massachusetts. .American In
terests' on tho isthmus of Panama will
constantly be well protected.
Spaclal Dispatch to Tha Call.
United Railroads of
San Francisco New
Name of System.
Guayaquil Officials
Accused of Levying
Blackmail.
Murder of a French
Cleric in ChUhing
LJISLI iwt.
Taken Over.
tro Lines to Be First
Sutter Street and Su-
Belgian Missionaries
Tortured and Killed
in Kansu.
News of Atrocities
From Kwang Su's
Empire.
Articles of Incorpora
tion Filed by East'
ern Syndicate.
Flagrant Treatment
of Americans Is
Alleged.
Investigation Is to Be
Made of Serious
Charges.
CHINESE
SLAYING
PRIESTS
CRUISER
GOES TO
ECUADOR
CAPITAL
IS FORTY
MILLIONS
SEEKS VAST SUM
TO CARRY ON WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
resume command of the rebellious soldiers in Kwang Si province. It is
doubtful if he will be able to control them, as it is necessary first to pay
them their overdue wages. The French legation here received a telegram
saying that the rebels have killed a French officer near the Ton-
JTJT ONGKONG, March 4. — The rebellion in Kwang Si prov
fffi i nce is spreading rapidly. Signs of unrest are already apparent
JL JSL at Kwclin and Nanking, the newly opened river treaty ports.
The Canton Viceroy has despatched troops to the scene of the
disturbances. The rebels are believed to be former soldiers of Marshal
Siv who were disbanded on his promotion. Their propaganda includes
the overthrow of the Manchu dynasty, the founding of a -Chinese
dynasty, and the helping of oppressed and needy Chinese. The French arc
said to be secretly supporting the rebels. .
PEKING, -March 4.— The Government has ordered Marshal Su to
REBELLION OF EX-SOLDIERS IN CHINA
IS SECRETLY SUPPORTED BY FRENCH
PRICE FITE CENTS.
VOLUME XCL— NO. 95.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNB3DAY, MARCH 5, 1002.
MAJOR ESTERHAZY,
THE FRENCH EXILE,
SEEN IN NEW YORK
The San Francisco Call.SAN JOSE,- March 4.— J. S. Denton, 'prini
cipal of the Gilroy High School, was to-day
elected a member of the County Board of Edu
cation, to fill the vacancy 'causfed- by. the death
at W. H -. rVi!r>man. :.-- ?.!»,.;..'
- SANTA v CRUZ. March 4— Joseph Teshara
wasthi3 afternoon found gruilty of murder in
the second degree. Teshara and Manuel Ami
ya murdered C. D. Loucks two years asro •
This was his second trial.; ;
. LOS ANGELES, March 4. — Manager
Morley of the Los Angeles, baseball team
has signed Pitcher Frank McPartlln for
the coming season.
11 orley : Signs Pitcher McPartlin.
Loses a Propeller.
LONDON, March 4.— The British steam
er Ottawa, from Philadelphia for London,
has arrived at.'Gayal,' Azore Islands, and
reports having sighted the Cunard line
steamer. Etruria In tow of the -British
steamer William Cliff, v 400 miles west of
Gayal. The Etruria had lost her propel
ler. •¦¦¦•¦-. • . - • ¦••¦,-. ¦-¦ -
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Etruria
was towed into port this afternoon. - .;.
SEATTLE, March 4.— An unusually
heavy vote was polled in the city election
to-day. Returns show that Mayor Humes
was slashed in the residence districts and
will run far behind j his ticket. - Indica
tions favor the election of the other Re
publican nominees by big majorities. At
midnight the > Hujnes managers '.claimed
a majority of 1000. ~ The • Goodwin • faction
disputed this.. asserting that their" count
showed Goodwin to be in the lead by 300.'
The indications are that Humes \ will be
elected by a small plurality. ..
Seattle Election in Doubt.
> School Children on Strike.
'TERItE HAUTE. . March 4.— Eighty-five
school 'children of Seleyville, Ind., on the
Terre Haute and Brazil Interurban Elec
tric Railroad, gathered about the Seley
ville school, marched into the rooms in a
body and carried out their; books. They
announced that they were quitting: the
school because two of the teachers of the
school. ride on interurban cars on which
non-union trainmen are employed. Nearly
all the children belong to families of union
coal miners, who are In sympathy with
the Terre Haute street car strikers.
BAN" JOSE. March 4.— Sheriff H. E. Hunting
ton, of Kalama. Warn., arrived here to-day and
¦nill «te.rt bark to-morrow u-lth H. Powell, who
it accused of felonious assault upon 13-ycar
old Dora West, of Kalama.
VALL.EJO, March 4. — Antone Cotchelene and
Nicholas O. Agalckt. Greek fluhermen, ~ were
drowned north of town on Saturday night.
Their bodies have not been recovered.
Heavy Loss From Flood.
PASSAIC, N. J.. March 4.-The flood is
slowly receding. A conservative estimate
of the damage in Passaic City alone is
placed at fGOO.OOO.
ALBANY, N. Y., March 4. — The memory
of tho late President William McKInley
was honored by the Legislature; of. the
State to-day. The exercises were held in
the Assembly chamber and were presided
over by Governor Odell. Seated on the
platform were United States Senator
Thomas C. Platt- and members of the
legislative committee which arranged for
the exercises. The chamber was appro
priately decorated. • .
Governor Odell introduced the speaker
of the evening, Charles Emory Smith, for
merly Postmaster. General. The address
was a review of the life of the late Presi
dent, dwelling upon his career as a sol
dier, lawyer and statesman, with more
than a passing reference to his home life
and an eloquent tribute to his noble quali
ties as son and husband.
an Eloquent Eulogy on the
Late President.
rormer Postmaster General Delivers
MEMORY OF McKINLEY
IS HONORED' IN ALBANY
George B. Sperry of the Sperry Flour
Company, when seen last night, denied
all knowledge of any deal to amsigamate
the flour Interests of the coast. Mr. Sper
ry paid that his firm knew nothing of such
a plan. He said that he ! had heard, un
founded rumors on the subject for the last
few month*.
VALLEJO, March 4.— The city election
yesterday resulted as follows: Mayor, P.
B. Lynch; City Clerk, T. J. O'Hara; As
sessor, W. J. Tormey; Treasurer. P. J.
Murphy: City Attorney, James A. La
mont; Commissioner of Public Works J
H. Fitigerald; City Trustees-M. R. Al
den. Samuel Lyttle, J. F.. Dclnin&cn; Li
brary Trustees-C. E. Walsh, J. F. Ward,
J. H. Cooper; School Directors— John Da
vidson, W. J. Carlin. Frank Gorham; for
a new school house 673, against 223.
Result of Vallejo's Election.
TRENTON, N. J., March 4.— Senator
TJebhardt, Democrat, introduced a bill in
the Senate to-day to repeal and dissolve
the charter and corporate existence of the
Northern Securities Company. .
The bill has a long preamble in which
it Is stated, among other things that the
company was organized to enable the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company ana
the Great- Northern Railroad Company to
vlolate.the laws of several States and in
terfere" with their revenues and also to
destroy the competition in passenger ana
freight rates that existed between these
railroads. . The bill was referred to the
Committee on Corporations. I
a Great Railroad Corporation's
: ' Charter. -
Senator Introduces a Bill Aimed at
ASKS FOR DISSOLUTION
OF A- MERGING COMPANY
Miss Roosevelt will leave for Cuba next
Sunday, accompanied by a maid and
chaperoned by Mrs. Harriet Blaine Beale,
who is also to be a guest of General and
Mrs. Wood. As in the case .of her pro
posed trip to London the Cuban visit is
of an unofficial character, but will neces-
Barily lead to much entertaining in honor
of the daughter of the President.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt, whose experiences of travel
and society are far beyond the ordinary,
even for tho daughter of a President of
tho Upited States, has accepted an invita
tion to visit for several weeks the Gov
ernor General of Cuba and Mrs. Leonard
Wood at the Governor's palace in Ha
vana. ....
ernor-General Wood and
His Wife.
Uiss Alice Roosevelt Is to Visit Gov-
PRESIDENT'S DAUGHTER \
WII/L JOURNEY TO CUBA
WASHINGTON. March 4.— Secretary
Shaw has received a number of applica
tions from New York bankers asking for
permission , to deposit gold. in the New
York sub-treasury and withdraw an equal
amount from tho sub-treasury at San
Francisco.
Although these applications aggregate
in amount from $50,000,000 to $60,000,000 the
Treasury officials feel no uneasiness in
consequence an it Is understood that tlie
actual amount of gold ; needed In San
Francisco will hardly exceed a total of
$20.000.0CO and that the applications in ex
cess of this amount were, made with a
view to ascertaining what the Treasury
would do in case . the aggregate should
reach the larger sum. Secretary Shaw
will grant the requests for transfer so far
as actual business needs require.
Secretary Shaw Will Permit Transfer
of Treasure From This City
to -the East.
BANKERS OF NEW YORK
" WANT TO DEPOSIT GOLD
SEATTLE, March 4.— The town of
Everett reports the discovery of a Bteer
with a golden tooth. This Interesting find
was made by an executioner in the em
ploy of the McGhie Meat Company. The
molar was covered by flakes of gold,
which had become tightly fixed to the
tooth. The steer came from a Snohomish
County ranch. Search is now to be made
along the streams where the cattle feed,
as it is believed the steer, in quenching
his thirst, drank In the gold.
Golden Tooth in Steer's Mouth.
A telegram . received here to-night from
Antwerp says the. diamond market is
calmer as a result of the proposals of
three diamond merchants to effect an ar
rangement with their creditors.
, LONDON, March 5.— The Amsterdam
correspondent of the Daily Mail says that
4000 men in the diamond trade there are
idle. It is declared, says the correspond
ent, that unless the diamond cleavers
abandon their strike soon every Antwerp
and Amsterdam factory will be closed.
' BRUSSELS, March 4.— Numerous and
contradictory reports are current here as
to the crisis in the diamond trade. The
newspapers refer to the impending fail
ures of several firms in the diamond busi
ness at Antwerp, Amsterdam and Lon
don. They allege that some diamond mer
chants have been guilty of extensive de
falcations and have fled to London and
New Yoj-k. The, crisis is said to be due
to the large quantity of goods on war
rant, which can only be disposed of at a
loss. . • •
Humors Current That Some Prom-
inent Factories in Antwerp
Will Close Doors.
BIG DIAMOND FIRMS
ON VERGE OF FALLTJBB
"Three years ago I did ask for a license
for a short inland line, but. was refused.
It Is very difficult to get any concessions
from them which they need not give.
"In Canada it is quite different. We ex
pect to close a contract with the Cana
dian Government and It will erect a sta
tion costing $80,000." ¦ . : . •
Preliminary plans for the installation of
the Marconi syBtcm of wireless telegraphy
on vessels in the United State.8 navy are
being pushed forward. An inspection of
the battleship Illinois, now at the Brook
lyn navy yard, has been made by Wil
liam Uradtteld, representing the Marconi
company, and by-a board of experts of the
navy. It has been found that it will be
necessary to raise the maBtu of the ves
sels in tho battleship class from 120 to 137
feet.
"Some time ago I told the ; Postmaster
General that if one of the ships we had
now equipped with wireless, telegraph in
struments, the Lucanla, . Campania or
Philadelphia, for Instance, should strand
in a fog and storm within the/ three-mile
limit and signal for help, 1 we could not
answer without breaking the law and ren
dering ourselves liable to imprisonment.
Ho answered: *.'. ' ¦ ' ¦'.;.¦.
" 'Well, I hardly think we would-prose
cute you.' . ¦¦-'¦ ' ' ¦ ; .'
"This was evidently designed to meet
the requirements of several cable compa
nies and it is now applied to us. ,We have
contracts with Lloyds, running fifteen
years, to supply instruments for every
one of their signal stations in the British
Isles. As they talk with ships more than
three miles from land, the limit of British
jurisdiction, no act of Parliament can cut
them off. The great stations at Poldhu
or elsewhere, which are to cummunicate
across the ocean, are also obviously
within the law.
"It can be better explained," he contin
ued, "if the words of the British Post
master General are quoted correctly, by
stating that an act incorporating tele
graph lines in Great Britain, I think, was
passed by Parliament in 1870, with a
clause that no person or persons may
maintain telegraph stations from any
point in Great Britain to • another
point in the United Kingdom, but a sta
tion may be maintained if the end of the
line is in another country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 4.— "England is not
the best place In the world for an in
ventor to conduct experiments," said
William Marconi at the Hoffman House
to-night, ""and they must remember that
there are other countries .whose shores
are washed by the Atlantic Ocean and
where better treatment is accorded one
who has new ideas to demonstrate.
Dr. Hedin brought examples of both
the sculptures and the manuscripts with
him. During his journey he fell in with
warlike natives, who gave his party
much trouble.
While no extended excavations were
possible with Dr. Hedin's little band of
travelers, he found enough to make him
certain that the Thibetans of a. thousand
years ago had reached a much higher
scale of civilization than the race in its
present generation. Stone and. wood
carvings and ancient manuscripts from
the temples, some of them bearing in
scriptions of highest Confucian priests,
shewed the superior knowledge and at
tainments of the ancient tribes.
VANCOUVER. B. C, March 4.— Dr.
Sven Hedin, the famous Russian ex
plorer, arrived at Hongkong en route to
Calcutta a few days before the sailing of
the Empress of India, which reached port
to-night. From the northern part of In
dia he crossed a section of Thibet, mak
ing a GOO-mile journey through districts
hitherto unexplored.
Dr. Hedin, who has been throilgh Tur
kestan and Other remote countries in Asia,
declares that Thibet is by far the most
wonderful. His most interesting discov
eries were of native cities which have
been buried in sand for two or three cen
turies. He found wonderful specimens of
architecture, from high pillared buildings,
that would correspond to the present Chi
nese joss house, to structures of rare
workmanship and smaller examples of art
of peculiar and wonderful handiwork.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Collector of Internal Revenue John
Lynch was seen at his Berkeley resi
dence last night and when asked for a
statement as to Wray's resignation from
office said: , _ ••
Wray had been derelict in sending in his re
ports and on investigating I found that he had
been drinking. His duties had been somewhat
neglected and J when I saw him and told him
that his work was not what it should' be and
that it had been reported to me that he had
been drinking, he acknowledged that he was at
fault and -said he would resign. I told him
that I would accept his resignation, which I
did when it was handed to me. Wray resigned
some time near the first of last month and
Hocking took up his position on the 16th.
These are all the circumstances of the case.
Hocking, the new deputy clerk at Los
Angeles, has been employed as war rev
enue deputy and later as war revenue
agent. Prior to his appointment in Los
Angeles he was assistant bookkeeper
with Lynch. His home is in San Bernar
dino. ¦, a '-..'•¦' . ¦¦. -
At the internal revenue office in this
city no definite information was given
out as to Wray's resignation from office,
but positive news was received in San
Francisco last night to the effect that
Joshua Hocking was in charge of the
Los Angeles internal revenue office.
Special Agent Bert Thomas is now in.
Honolulu, and his chief deputy, Frank
Driscoll, left for Los Angele3 yesterday
afternoon. * ,
John Wray, for some time deputy col
lector of internal revenue, stationed at
Los Angeles, is no longer drawing sal
ary from the • Government, Collector of
Internal Revenue John Lynch having ac
cepted Wray's resignation and appointed
Joshua Hocking to succeed him.
Considerable secrecy has marked the
stepping out of office of John Wray and
the appointment of his successor. It was
learned early in the year that things
were not as harmonious between Wray
end Lynch as they should be and all
kinds of rumors filled the air. Lynch
went down to Los Angeles to make an
investigation of Wray's affairs and Spe
cial AgenUBert Thomas probed into his
accounts and sought for information in
the southland. ;
The amount involved is $1,500,000, the
sale being made -on a basis of $16 per
share. It was stated by persons inter
ested that the American Sugar Refining
Company was Interested in* the purchase.
It was also stated that the Colorado Beet
Sugar Refining Company was . the real
purchaser and that the deal was one of
several contemplated looking toward the
consolidation of the beet-sugar interests
of the country as opposed to the cane
sugar interests.
SALT LAKE, March 4.— The Evening
Telegram to-day .say's that negotiations
for the sale of an undivided half interest
in the U.tah Sugar Company have practi
cally been concluded and that -the deal
will be closed upon the arrival of Manager
T. R. Cutler in New York to-day.
President Wilcox of the Portland Flour
ing Mills Company and the Puget Sound
Flouring Mills Company returned from a
Trip to California yesterday. He declined
to discuss the project further than to gay
that for the present negotiations were at
a standstill. He admitted that consldcr
sible headway had been made -toward ef
fecting a sa.le.of milling properties on the
«-oest to a company which was to be
formed, and intimated that the deal had
been blocked for the present by inability
to agree on the valuation of certain prop
erties which had to be considered in ef
fecting the combination.
These concerns practically control the
flour trade of the Orient, their operations
extending from Vladivostok and Port
Arthur as far south as Singapore. Each
of the big firms has for a number of years
had men in all parts of the Orient pushing
the products of their mills far into the
interior of China, Japan. Korea, Siam and
Siberia, and through their efforts the busi
ness hae grown into vast proportions.
The Portland mills have been enlarged
until they now have a capacity of 5500
barrels a day. Other mills owned or con
trolled by the Portland concern are lo
cated in Salem, Oregon City and Albany,
Oregon, end Tacoma, Prescott, Dayton,
Harrington and Spokane, Washington.
In Oregon City, Dayton and Spokane the
uempany operates two mills at each place
ttnd at the other points one mill. Outside
of the Portland mill, that at Tacoma,
•with a capacity of 1S00 barrels a day, is
the largest of the eystem, and the com
bined capacity of all the mills is nearly
'.500 barrels a day.
PORTLAND. Or., Mar. 4.— The largest
industrial consolidation ever undertaken
in the Pacific Northwest is being quietly
v.osked Into shape in this city and San
Francisco. The enterprise is an amalga
mation of the interests of the great ex
port flour milling firms of the Pacific
Coast. No hint has been given as to the
capitalization of the proposed combina
tion, but it probably will be somewhere in
the neighborhood of $10,000,000. As now
outlined, the combination will embrace
mills having an annual capacity of more
than 5,000,000 barrels of flour and consum
ing more th&n one-third of the exportable
turplus of wheat grown in Oregon, Wash
ington and California. -»
The corporations interested in the pro
posed combine are the Portland Flouring
Mills Company of- this city; the Puget
Sound Flouring Mills Company of Ta
coma, which is owned by members of the
Portland Flouring Mills Company: the
Centennial Mills of Seattle and Spokane,
and the Sperry Flour Mills of Stockton
and San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Utah Sugar Company
Concludes a Deal of
Magnitude.
Dr. Hedin Makes Inter
esting Discoveries
.in Thibet.
Inventor Is Not Pleased
With Treatment He
Received.
All Big Plants on This
Coast to Enter a
Combine.
Joshua Hqcking Is Now
in Charge of Los An
geles Revenues.
ENGLISH STIR
MARCONI'S IRE
ANCIENT CITIES
BURIED IN SAD
lin of Portland, Or., stating that it would
be impossible^or him to attend, notwith-
COLLECTOR WRAY
RESIGNS OFFICE
plish much good for the members as well
as for the public in general.
Sergeant Gleason was chosen secretary
of the gathering. On motion of Chief
Stanford, Chiefs Wittman, Reynolds and
Elton were appointed a committee to for
mulate a plan of organization and to re
port the result of their labors at the meet
ing to-day. ,
After temporary organization . was per
fected an informal discussion took place,
during which it was announced that the
San Francisco police would entertain the
visiting chiefs during their stay in the
city- 1 It is intended to make a visit to
Chinatown and give a theater party, the
entertainment to wind up with a banquet.
The work of organization will be resumed
at 10 o'clock this morning. , .
SALE INVOLVES
A BIG FORTUNE
Chief Wittman briefly addressed the
gathering upon the purposes for which it
was called. He said it was desirable for
the chiefs of police, not only in Califor
nia, but on the Pacific Coast, to band to- 1
gether for the purpose of facilitating their
operations. It was intended to form a sort
of co-operative society, through which the
chiefs might concentrate their efforts to
stamp out lawlessness. Heretofere, ow
ing to the lack of just such an organiza
tion as was proposed, the police along the
coast have been unable to accomplish the
best {results. Wittman expressed the con
viction that the association would accom- I
standing his heart was in the work. He
sent his best wishes for the success of the
organization to be formed.
Chairman Wittman announced that he
had letters from Charles H. Holmes. H. B.
Hitchings of Eureka, E. W. Bushyhead of
San Diego and John Conrad of Alameda
announcing the intention of the writers
to attend the convention to-day. A letter
was received from Chief D. M. McLaugh-
. Chief of Police Wittman of .San Francisco
j rapped for order. These were J. D. Gall.
i ex-Ohief of- Stockton; W. F. Stanford of
I Vallejo, J. D. Morgan of Fresno, F. D.
i Briare of Stockton, C. A. Elton of Los
i Angrcles. J. M. Reynolds of Butte, Mont.;
j J. E. Sullivan of Sacrameto, J. A. Kid
v>ard cf San Jose, S. C. Hodgkins of Oak
land and Matt Rawle of Santa Cruz.
FLOURING MILLS
MAY BE MERGED
There were eleven chiefs and one,former
head of a department present in the
chamber of the Police Commission at the
Hail of Justice yesterday afternoon when
doers throughout the State. The
members of the association in process of
formation are all chiefs of police and all
have won renown as criminal catchers.
It was to simplify their work and render
their operations more successful thatvthe
idea of organizing the association was
broached several months ago.
PRELIMINARY fcteps were taken
yesterday fcr the formation of a
Police Association which should
strike terror to the hearts cf evil-
Prominent Thief-Catchers of the Far West
Take Steps to Form Association That
; Will Strike Terror to- All v Evil - Doers
Visiting Officials Will Be Properly Enter
tained by Blue-Coated Guardians of the
Peace During Their Stay in This City
TOLICE CHIEFS OF COAST CITIES AT THE CONVENTION: UPPER ROW
FROM LEFT TO RIGHT— J. D. GALL, W: F. STANFORD, J. D. MORGAN,
F. D. BRIARE. C. A. ELTON, SERGEANT GLEASON, J. M. REYNOLDS.
POLICE CHIEFS OF COAST CITIES AT THECONVENTION: LOWER ROW,
FROM LEFT TO RIGHT— J. E. SULLIVAN, J. A. KID WARD, GEORGE W.
WITTMAN, S. C. HODGKINS, MATT RAWLE.
BOSTON, March 4.— During his visit to
this city Prince Henry will be given a
Masonic emblem of much value. The
souvenir will be presented during the
banquet at the Hotel Somerset by Wor
shipful Master Hanser of Germanla
Longe.
The donor is Mrs. V. C. Goodwin, who
wishes, as a "typical American woman,"
to present the gift as an expression. of
American good will to Germany. The em
blem Is In the form of a square and com
paas. The gold and the diamonds with
which it is studded arc said to be valued
at $10,000. The gold for the emblem came
from a nugget found by Mrs. Goodwin's
husband while a "forty-niner." Goodwin
was for fifty-one years a Mason and for
ilfteen years the grand treasurer of Con
necticut.
Masonic Emblem for Henry.
The merits of the city of Milwaukee : are
known; its industrial products are recorded —
not so, however, at one point which I could not
help noticing in passing through the crowded
streets of the city — In brief, the charming,
handsome, sweet and pretty faces belonging to
the ever fair sex (applause, cries of "Well,
well, well," and "bravo"), which are abund
ant In this city. Allow me to drink to the
health and prosperity of the lovely city of
Milwaukee.
At the conclusion of Prince Henry's re
marks Mayor Rose presented to Prince
Henry an elegantly bound album contain
ing photographs of Milwaukee's public
buildings arid some of the residences of
the city.
Prince Henry left for the East at 10
o'clock on a special train. ,A. large crowd
greeted him as he took his farewell.
Gentlemen. I will occupy your attention for
but a very few moments, as I am a trifle
hoarse, bavins: lost something in this country,
.namely, my voice, . which I hope, i however, to
regain. It is a pleasure to me to thank you
for the hearty welcome you have offered to me
in this lovely, handsome and sympathetic city
of yours, the principal city of "Wisconsin, and
famous for its thrift and Industry. I have
heard it acknowledged by you, as well as by
others, 'that the development of Milwaukee Is
due largely to the German element among your
citizens, a statement which fills .my heart with
pride and gladness. Inasmuch as I look upon
this German element as one of the strongest
ties between Germany and the United States.
I doubt not that those of German descent in
the future as in the past will be a credit to that
country which they proudly call their home, i
The fire run followed the public recep
tion and it made a spectacle that was
both novel and exciting. Thirty-two pieces
of apparatus, marshaled by Fire Chief
Foley, were raced for a mile at high
speed. They ran two abreast and 200 feet
apart. Darkness had come and the en
gine lights made the picture all the more
inspiring. The Prince was then driven,
through illuminated streets to the Hotel
Pfeister, where the banquet was served.
The table at which the Prince sat was
covered with Alabama smilax. Three
toasts were proposed, those -to the Presi
dent of the United States and the Em
peror of Germany being drunk while the
orchestra played' the national airs of the
two countries. These were followed by
the toast "Prince Henry of Prussia." The
Prince responded as follows:
Firemen Make a Hit.
Just outside the station 1000 veterans pi
the German wars were drawn up. .They
had come here from all parts of the State
and they gave the Prince a volley of
cheers as he passed them. The business
streets were blocked with people and the
police had to fight to keep a driveway
clear. Prince Henry was given the honor
of riding in the first carriage to roll across
the new Grand avenue-Wisconsin . street
bridge, and as this point was reached
Battery A, stationed on the lake front,
fired a salute of twenty-one guns.
The reception of the Prince as he drove
through the streets was wildly enthusias
tic and there was an ovation when he en
tered the Exposition building for the pub
lic reception. As he appeared on the
stage, escorted by hia staff and the.re
ception committee, the Mannechor chorus
of 600 voices sang "Der Deutsch Lied."
There were 10,000 persons in the Exposi
tion building and it was long before they
were sufficiently stilled for Chairman
Johnson to briefly introduce Mayor Rose,
who informally welcomed the Prince to
the city. The Mayor gave way to former
Congressman P. V. Deuster, who spoke In
behalf of the German residents and In
their tongue. Governor' La Follette then
welcomed the Prince to Milwaukee in be
half of the State. The great chorus sang
again and as the Prince arose to leave the
hall the crowd broke ,into cheers. .-He
touched his cap in salute' and smiled as
he turned to leave the stage. ..,:: ¦• .
Cheers From Thousands.
The Prince'3 special train came at 4
o'clock and at 10 was away again on the
long run to Niagara and New England.
The intervening time was all given over
to the. reception and entertainment of the
royal visitor. It began with a drive
through the business and residential dis
tricts in review before a crowd that num
bered 200,000. Then there was a public
reception, at. which Governor Robert La
Follette and Mayor David Rose voiced
their welcome and the united singing so
cieties raised their voices .in mighty
chorus. There was also a splendid illum
ination and a thrilling night run of the
Milwaukee Fire Department. • Later there
was a banquet, at which the Prince, met
the leading citizens of the city and State
The special train bearing the Prince ana
his party ran up from Chicago over the ,
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul and
there was an enormous crowd at the sta
tion awaiting its., coming. There was a
cheer when the- Prince appeared and an
other when . he reached his carriage.
Mayor Rose and Admiral Evans entered
his carriage and, flanked by police ana
guarded by troopers of the First-Wiscon
sin Cavalry, . the drive through the clt>
began. ", •-¦--.
MILWAUKEE, Wli, March 4.—Mil
waukee wae host to Prince Henry of
Prussia for six hours this afternoon and
gave him a reception that was highly en
thusiastic and an entertainment that was
unique.
After An Elaborate Banquet the
Royal Personage Starts on His
Journey to Niagara and
New England. .
Dazzling Reception Is Given
to the Emperor's «
Brother.
Henry Visits Milwaukee
and Lauds the Pretty
Women.
FAIR FACES
WIN PRAISE
FROM PRINCE
CHIEFS OF POLICE OF THE PACIFIC COAST BAND
TOGETHER FOR THE SUPPRESSION OF CRIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1902.
2
I PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND,
I " - ~ '
Spring Wreldiednsss, Misery, \
and Snffering Permanently
Banished When ,
Yon Use
Paine's Celery Compound
1 A Cnred and Grateful Farmer's
Wife Declares That Paine's Celery
Compound Almost Raised Her
from the GraYe.
A few words to weak, broken down,
nervous, and sick women at this time,
and tho perusal of Mrs. Shepherd's let-
ter will, we trust, kindle hope and Inspiro
fresh confidence In many a home where
some loved mother,, wife or daughter Is
hovering between life and death. At this
season thousands are nearlns the srave;
all can be saved by the prompt use ot
Paine's Celery Componud. Mrs. Virginia
Shepherd, Powellton, TV. Va., writes as
follows:
"I had been sick for eight years, and no
tongue can tell what I suffered. I would
have spells of nervous headache when I
would keep my bed five and six days,
and" could. not raise my head off the pil-
low. Then I would get numb all over, and
they would have to rub and work over me
to keep me alive, and I would have sink-
Ing spells and palpitation of the heart, but
thanks to Paine's Celery Compound, and
I cannot praise it erfougrh, I have not had
a headache for six weeks, a thin^ I could
not say before in eight .years. Your Com-
pound has almost raised me from the
grrave, as I had given up all hopes of this
life until my husband read one of your
pamphlets. After I had been using it I
felt better than I had for three years."
Dianifinr! fiVPQ are the simplest dyes made.
UlQlHU.IU Uf CO A child can use them.
• __-_ . _ . . . . . •
When Prof. M anyon says hl» Pwpeiwte Cnr*
frill cura indicealton aad all forms of stomach
trouble he siinply tells the troth. It will cor* a
ttomach that h-jbesn abused by over-eating and
over-drinking-. It will euro a ttotnach that has
b«ea weakened by cdd>ttyle ing* It will do much
toward making aa old itotaach act like a sound one.
At all draryisu. ?5 cent*. Tiity-*tx «ther cure*
Muny-n, Mew York and Philad«lphia.
HETXOS'S I^HalEB CXTSX8 CaTAl&ZL
®VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MOK1ION BISHOP'S PILLS
have been ln uae over arty
years by the leaders ot th»
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure th»
worst cases ln old and young
arising from effects of self-
. abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Im potency , Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, I.amn Hack,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unntness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. #_¦»„»>% Varicoceleor Con-
stipation; Stop Ner Tm \_M vous TwitcWnffof
Eyelids. Effects are ZZrriuT-tm Immediate. im-
part vigor and pote «*«««• ncy toevery func-
.tlon. Don't Ret despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 8 for
92 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars fre«
Address BISHOP REMEDY Cp., 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., S3
and 40 Third street. -
a visit DR. JORDAN'S great &
Museum of anatomy?
§ ¦ 0) 1221 m_,2:si:i. tat. eii?-Ji,3.r.c*i.>
\ - >C_T The Larrest Anatomical Museuia in the \
R? n*?t* 2*v World - Weaknesses ot any contracted A
A f*^*^ 4.seisep«i«l»«,ljrc«r«dnytheolds i t f
© f_5»J?f§ Specialist on the Coast. Esc. 36 years. ©
6 §Wzh DR ' JORDAN-DISEASES Or MEN A
\ jfvt*<i9{J Consultation free and strictly prirate \
9 i JMT% H Tr * a ">>«i>t personally or by letter. A _¦
II W fljl J"otiti*» Cure in erery casa undertaken. T
0 r // 11 V Wr <te for Book. pniLomrnv »r A
* " 11 II BaailSAlJE, MAILED FR3E. CAT
A W Uf TO'oabte book for mrn) \
" DC JORDAN 4: CO.. 1051 Market SL.S F. f
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR ME.1.
established 1S3L Con-
sultation and private bogs
tree at office or by mail.
Cures suarante«d-
731 MARKET SI.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJU
S fC/T\ cjf i(yjr* m, <|m_ "%m _p| 9j§ _cr f_J
f§NFP^il!s RUPTURF
t W i / */ v^3 B *" 1 will. .
il S^<^^^*" — it. Comfort it ft<i
II — 7W** ««curlty! A Perfect Retainer. A_S
H ' s/rK''S doe9 tho vor^> *T Call or m_2
\_v 'J*f\ wr 't0 /oaky for* '»nrt«i.rT»-n
---. Addrwa: Maonetlc E. Truss Co., Ml I
• _, _ 206 Foit Street, San Francisco, Cal. Bs I
or II4j Broadway, New York. Mention tii» P»p« / ' 1
?Ms signature Is on every box of the gexrainar-^
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet* |
thrj remedy that cwres a cold in one U«-i
tf|!l>aHlr INJECTION.- I
I A PERMANENT CURE f
> «of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea >
«* ana Gleet, enaranteed In from 3 to 8 <
5 d *y s 5 nc other treatment required. S
5 . . ¦ Sold by all druggists. S
NEW WESTERN HOTEL*
* V modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 5Oc to «1 50 day?
V, to *6 week; $3 to .$20 month. Free'batha
I hot and cold water every room; lire eratea la
' evfry room: e ' e vator runa all night
iPftrr DnWAI Corner Fourth aiut
1 A *• !• U I I tf A I Market. S. F. Try
I • M I I n 1 J I our Special Brew.
6c. Overcoat" a:ui
• • valises chacked t r?a
¦ lX/. T. HESS.
K07ABY ?U3t.It3 £Hp ATTOfiJTEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. koorri : 1015. Claua SprecUeU Bld«.: .
¦ . Telephone Main O&J. . . .• - \
Residence S21 California st.. below Pow«U.'J
Residence TeleDhone. Jame» U01.
To Cure Grip in Two Day 3.
Laxative Bromo-Quinir.e removes the cause.
E. W, Grove's signature on every box.- •
Scrofula
It is commonly inherited.
Few are entirely free from it.
Pale, weak, puny children are
afflicted with it in. nine cases out of ten,
and many adults suffer from it.
Common indications are bunches in
the neck, abscesses, cutaneous erup-
tions, inflamed eyelids, . sore ears, ric-
kets, catarrh, wasting, and general de-
bility.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Eradicate it, positively and absolutely.
This statement is based on thethou-
sands of permanent cures these medi-
cines have wrought. ¦ ; - ¦•¦>.
Testimonials of -remarkable cures mailed on-
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell,- Mass.
A Superior Piano for | VISIT OUR PIANO
SI 92 Our warerooms.
«JJX f jU liW\ «j[jbu!uli And you will eee for yourself ln plain
We have contracted for a larre supply view' more costly, hlgh-^rade, artistic
of Upright Pianos— a special make, select- P' an °s than you can find anywhere else
e<3 with great care, an instrument perfect- ln lhls clt y- Scores of Parlor and Con-
1y reliable and fully guaranteed and cert Grands ' Including the .celebrated
which as a special drive we are offering Steck, Everett and Hardman, are on dla-
for 5132. NO MORE! NO LESS! We will p!a> '- II is our Intention to always pro-
f?upply no dealers with this particular cure the ver y beBt Pianos that money will
piano. We want to distribute them among huy , f nd to off , er them for sale at most
our own retaii trade. Any time within KSIKSK SiS.' FSS sToTm
three years we will allow $192 for the trade always. We are also agents for the
piano toward the purchase price of a "Chase and Baker Piano Player" most
Bteck, Everett, Hardman, Packard or certainly the best player on the market
Ludwig. . to-day.
THE WILEY B, ALLEN f CO,
931-933 Market St., San Francisco.
OSF All Market-sirs et cars stop in front of our door.
Kranch- ftSl Broadway, Oakicnd.ALLEGED ASSASSIN OF. POLICE
MAN ROBINSON WHO IS WANT
ED IN NEW YORK FOR MURDER.
GILROY, March 4.— The case of Percy
Love jcy of Mountain View, accused of
failure to provide for his infant child, was
brought to Gllroy to-day on a change of
venue and heard in Justice Willey's court.
Young Lovejoy was brought -back from
Seattle fifteen months ago to face a fel
ony charge, and during the trial married
the girl who was his accuser. . He left her
Immediately, and this is the third time
he has been arrested for failure to pro
vide. The Jury brought in a -verdict of
fullty and asked the mercy of the court,
udge "Willey will pronounce sentence to
morrow.
Fails to Provide for Child.
J. E. Smith and H. Gardener of Los
Angeles are the promoters of the cor
paratlon. They Intend to make the G!l
roy plant a center for Morgan Hill and
Hollister. They, will also erect a new
plant in Monterey, while Watsonville and
Santa Cruz are on the list of towns they
jwish to control.
GILROY, March 4.— The City Council
last evening granted*a franchise to E. D.
Crawford, representing a coast .syndicate,
to erect electrlcllght poles in the city, of
Gllroy, work to commence before May 1
and be completed by August 1. Mr. Craw
ford is negotiating for the purchase of the
Gilroy Gaslight Company's plant, the
manager of which recently bought a piece
of land opposite the gas works.
It is rumored that this is the same com
pany that recently purchased the Salinas
City Light and Power : Company's plant.
Its prime mover is said to be H. E. Hunt
ington and It is_ known as the Pacific
Electric Company, -the corporation that Is
to supply the power for the electric rail
way system of Los Angeles and adjacent
counties. ,- , .- ,- ..' :¦¦..»,.,-"; '
With Which' Huntington Is
Connected. <
New Corporation Believed to Be One
GILROY LETS FRANCHISE
FOR ELECTRIC SYSTEM
VANCOUVER, B. C., March 4.—Start
ling evidence of a marine disaster in the
storm which raged for a couple of hours
along the northern coast last night was
brought to the city this evening. "With the
bodies of two men still lashed to her bot
tom, a two-masted top-deck schooner was
towed into port by tha steamer Defiance.
How many men had been aboard the ves
sel besides the two who died from expos
ure It is impossible- to discover. Neither
tody has been identified, and their vessel
is not known in Vancouver, harbor. L
The. schooner is about forty feet long
and '.was apparently used .for trading
along the coast. Her : , deckhouse couid
easily accommodate ¦ a half dozen men.
Her name had, been painted out, and, as
she is still bottom up, what is contained
in her hold cannot be ascertained until
morning. ? .. .
The Defiance pfeked up the vessel early
this morning at the entrance "to- Howe
Sound, fifteen miles from Vancouver. The
masts of the schooner had been broken
off and she had otherwise been badly
damaged. . . , \ N
. The first blow probably made her turn
turtle and those of her crew -who were
able climbed ¦ upon her • bottom. The
bodies-of the two men.wero tied on se
curely. The lashing mufet hav£ been done
by a third person, «o that at least one
other, man was drowned.
The hulk brought in to-night is not the
one sighted yesterday off Carmanah
Light. That derelict was right side up
and at least' one corpse could be seen
lashed to the rigging.
\ ':¦- '¦ '¦¦ ¦ ¦¦- " ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Her Ciew Is Yet
, Revealed. :
Neither. the Identity : of the Derelict
¦'"'' Nor the Fate of . the Rest of
Sailors to Overturned
Oraft.
Ropes Hold \ Bodies of Two
Schooner Bottom Up Is
Towed Into Port at
Vancouver. V
DEAD MEN
ARE LEASHED
TO WRECK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESI)AY> MARCH : 5, 1902.
FIVE PERISH
IN FLOODED
YOLO BASIN
Party No Longer
in Doubt, c'
Fate of Lost Courtland
Searchers Find Empty Boat
and Bodies of Three
Unfortunates.
Chinese Tells of Having Heard the
Shouting of ULea. Struggling
for life in the Baging
Waters. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 4.— Searchers
who had gone out into the overflow in
the hope of learning something of the
fate of the five young men who had left
Courtland In a sailboat on Sunday were
rewarded Late this afternoon by* finding
the empty boat far from the shore. The
live young men who had embarked in the
boat were: Dr. J. H. Morton, aged 26;
Clarence Casterson, aged 22; George
Xunes. aged 18; Elmer Ivey, aged 22, and
Knight Lellington, aged 19.
Word was sent to Courtland of the sig
nificant discovery and a. fleet of small
boats, equipped with grappling Irons,
braved the strong current to aid in tho
search for the bodies. To-night the bodies
of three of the missing men— those of
CJeorg'e Nunes, Clarence Casterson and
Dr. J. H. Morton— were brought to the
surface, that of Casterson from beneath
the boa't and the others a short distance
from the craft. This discovery revealed
only too plainly the sad fate that had
overtaken the entire party. The search
will continue. all night and it is believed
that the other bodies will be recovered in
the \-icinity before to-morrow.
The point where the boat was found
and where the three bodies were brought
up from the water was one mile and a
half from the shore, almost directly west
of Courtland, and in the Yolo Basin,
which is now a veritable inland sea.
Hears Shouting in the Night.
The young men left Courtland at 2
o'clock Sunday afternoon, partly to view
ihe scenes incidental to the high water,
but more especially to enable Dr. Morton
to viEit a patient named Johnson, who
had been living on the shore of Suiter
Slough. They did not return and the
alarm grew when Monday came and went
without tidings from the party except
the statement of a man named Le Moun«
tain, who reported that on Sunday after
noon he had teen the boat with the men
in it about seven miles from the river on
the overflow. It was learned that John
pon had moved away from Sutter Slough
and that Dr. Morton had not seen -him.
In view of to-day's tragic developments
a story told yesterday by a Chinese liv
ing on Sutter Slough suggests painful
probabilities. He said that about 2
o'clock on Monday morning he heard de
spairing cries coming far across the over
flow. Again an hour later the cries came
to his ears. He stood and listened, but
from the distance and the darkness he
could not determine their import. Pres
ontly the cries grew fainter and then died
away altogether. The Chinese indicated
to the searchers whence the cries came
:nd the locality was the same as that in
which the empty boat and the bodies of
Morton. Nunes and" Casterson were
J'ound. \
The statement of the Chinese would
maice. it appear that the five young men
<~lung to the half-sunken boat as long as
they could, meanwhile sending their
<ri«*s for help across the water until one
after the otfrper through exhaustion re
leased his grip and was drowned.
Boa£ Heavily Weighted.
The boat was intended to be used for
Tab fishing in San Francisco Bay. About
S f| 0 pounds of lead had been attached to
the keel. The boat was seawoithy
enough, but the heavy would pre
vent Its keeping afloat should it land on
r snag or other obstruction, as it seems
vrae the case. The boat when found was
thr^-quartors under water, the bow
being exposed eight or nine Inches. The
water at this point was about sixteen feet
dfep. *
All the young men resided In Courtland
find were of excellent character. Dr.
Morton was a. practicing: physician there.
They were all unmarried. Of the five
'•nly Nuncs. Ivey and Lellington could
swim.
It was reported this afternoon that
Grant Grlgsby and Byron Keller, two
market hunters of Sacramento, had been
lost in the Yolo overflow, the report aria
ing from the finding of some of their out
fit In the water near a small,, Island. It
vat* learned latfi to-nleht from a fisher
men named Charles White that with the
Approach of the storm the men rowed to
lei* plac* and that they remained with
, t; until the Storm had passed. He saya
«;i»y are now up the river on a hunting
: SAN JOSE,. March 4.— Jud&e Charles F,-Mc-
Laughlin, grand orator of the Native Sons of
the Golden West.* was tendered a reception hv
the Native Sons of.this^clty this evening. . >*. .
ST.- PETERSBURG. March 4.— The Czar
has sent 150,000 rubles for the relief of the
victims of the recent earthquake at Sha
maka.
¦ '/
Craz Helps the Sufferers.
SUISUN, March 4.— Leonard Prior, own
er of the Sulsun electric light plant, and
Miss Reavee Coghlan were married at
the home of the bride's- parents here at
6 o'clock this morning-. Miss Cogrhlan is
a niece of Captain J. B. Coghlan of the
United States navy, who gained some dis
tinction two years ago by the: recitation
at a New York, banquet of the poem en
titled "Hoch der Kaiser." for which ac
tion he was severely censured by the ad
ministration. .
Captain Coghlan's Niece a Bride
SAN BERNARDINO, March 4.-John E.
Ward; one of the wealthiest men of this
city, to-day commenced suit for divorce
from Mary L. Ward, on the grounds of
incompatibility of temper. The action has
caused a* stir In the business circles of the
city, as ; the : husband Is the owner of some
of the principal business blocks'in San
Bernardino, while the wife owns the St
Charles Hotel, one of the leading hostel.'
ries.v Some months ago Mrs. "Ward* sued
for a divorce from. her husband, alleeine
desertion,' but she failed to obtain the da
cree. In this trial Ward's attorneys nut
in testimony, intended to prove that the
wife, was. hringing the'actlon to force him
to deed to her certain* property.' -
; An: Interesting feature . of , the action
commenced to-day was that the "paDera
in the case were served : on Mrs - Ward
while she was at dinner, with her husband
in a restaurant.:. » . . ¦%.«-.-
He Is Dining With Her in
a Restaurant. ;
1'npers Are Served on His Wife While
JOHN E. WAUD BRINGS
SUIT FOR DIVORCE
Democratic ticket — Mayor, M. j, 'Bower-
Councllmen. A. Trembley. M. McDonough'
gamue! Kobert»: City Clerk, C. L. Mobley-
Marshal. George Sevenson; • Street' Commlis
eloner. C. Y. Caldwell;! Assessor, William
Schleffer; Attorney, Marvin : T. Vaughan-
Treasurer, J. M. Carter; Recorder. W. P. Bael
ley; Library Trustees, Rev. P. Colvin, W. H
Reynolds, D. P. -Anderson, C. A. Hofter, W. K
Healey.:- 'r y .
Republican ticket — Mayor, C. E. Haven-
Councllmen. Georgo S. Brown,' R. L. Johnson'
Fred Kins: City Clerk. Charles Clawaon- Mar
ehal. Samuel J. Gllliam; Street . Commissioner
3. H. Brackett; Assessor, Henry Bllvershleld*
Attorney, H. W. A. Weeke: Treasurer C M*
Bumbaugn; Recorder, W. R. Smith; Library
Trustees. Rev. L. D. Ilatbbone, E. D. Sweet
6er, C. H. C. Roberts, A. B. Herrick, w
Adams.
SANTA ROSA, March 4.— Both political
parties held their city- conventions last
night. Following are the tickets nomi
nated: ' .
the , Democrats.
et and Mayor Bower That of
C. E. Haven -Heads Republican Tick-
SANTA ROSA VOTEKS NAME
CANDIDATES FOE OFFICE
At a recent meeting of the Trustees
Ware obtained a new -lease of much
longer duration. The entire bottom and
sides of the pool are to be lined with
bitumen and the depth of the water will
be from three to nine feet. The tank will
be so constructed that the contents will
be emptied and replenished each day.-
In the heart of this city there Is a
natural reservoir. It is adjacent to San
Rafael Creek and at high tide is always
filled with salt water, while at ebb tide
It is emptied. Two years ago C. P. Ware 1
conceived the Idea that the reservoir
could be converted Into a salt water
swimming pool. He received from the
city trustees a five-year lease of thin
property. Bathhouses were constructed
and eventually opened to the public. The
gravel bottom and the ehallowness of the
pool, however, prevented the success of
the venture.
SAN RAFAEL, March 4.— San Rafael is
soon to have the largest swimming tank
in California. It will be more than 600
feet long and 200 feet wide. It will con.
tain ocean water and will be filled and
emptied by means of sluice gates.' Being
located on tide water the ebb and flow of
the tide will act in lieu of a pumping
plant.
to Be Utilized in the Marin
Capital.
Natural Reservoir and Ocean Tides
SAN BAFAEL TO HAVE
LABGE SWIMMING TANK
WASHINGTON, March 4.— The Postof
flce Department to-day announced the
following: Postofflce discontinued March
31: Washington— Lawton, Snohomlsh
County., mall to Monroe. Postmasters
commissioned: California — Archie G.
Madson. Angels Camp: Frank Hlckman,
Hanford; Edward H. Bautzer, San Pedro;
Robert Shaw, Holllster; Stephen D. Bal
lon, San Luis Oblspo. Appointed: Califor
nia—G. W. Simpson, Brush Creek, Butte
County, vice W. R. Grace, resigned.
These pensions were issued: California:
Original— Floyd A. Gould, Los Angeles,
$6; Melvln Williams, Veterans' Home,
Napa, 512; Isaac Roberta, Tulare, $10. In
crease—John L. Crist, Golden Gate, $8;
George O. English, Dana, J10; William
Martin, Veterans' Home, Napa, $12;
Thomas B. Keeney. San Diego, $12; Rich
ard Murray, San Francisco, $10. Mexican
war— Rudolph W. H. Swendt, El Dorado,
$12; James Hanley, Santa Cruz; $12; Ar
galus A French, Alturas, $12; jj Richard
Mathews, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$12. Widow Mexican war— Elizabeth . A.
Denel. Fresno, $8. _
Oregon: Increase— Leonard White, Sol
diers' Home, Roseburg, $8; John.Farber,
Forest Grove, $8.
Washington: S Original— James Junett,
Tacoma, $8. Increase— William J. Forbes,
Tacoma, $25; Charles F. Sampson, Che
halis. $10. , , "
Dr. T. B. Ladd has been appointed pen
sion examining surgeon at Stockton, Cal.
Army orders announce that Contract
Dental Surgeon John D. Milliken, now at
San Franclsco.^is ordered to the Philip
pines. Captain Thomas B. Lamore, artil
lery quartermaster, is ordered . from Bal
timore, Md., to San Francisco, for tem
porary duty as quartermaster and acting
commibsary on the transport Sherman.
These patents were Issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Andrew Anderson, Burnett, wood
pipe machine; Charles 'WV-Anderson, as
signor one-half to W. W. Wood, Los An
geles, ironing machine; William N. Best,
Los Angeles, assignor - one-half to C. H.
Silliman, Fort Worth, Texas, coach equal
izing suspender; Louis J.' Borie; San Fran
cisco, electro-magnetic capping machine;
George C. Carson, Redding, apparatus for
treating metals; Henry B. Carey, Los
Angek s, voting machine; William G. Din
gle, Los Angeles, street sweeping ma
chine; George Coulson, Los Angeles, sew
ing machine gauge; George _G. Guenther,
Los Angeles, jtree transplanter; same, au
tomatic switch -operating Qevice; | same,
railway switch; Benjamin Holt, Stockton,
traction-engine; Charles Kuhn, Fruit
vale, dcor mat; Albert E. MacDonald, San
Francisco, darning last; Henry C. Need
ham, Los- Angeles, combination ' kitchen
implement; Robert B. , - Vandeburg,' Los
Angeles, assignor one-half to A. W. John-
Bon, Lcng Beach, saucepan; Frank. Wulff,
Colusa, screw joint fastener for drill rods,'
etc. ,
Oregon— Barabas J. Casterline, Olalln,
etove damper regulator; Charles Kachold,
Portland,- tree stand or support. :. ,
Washington— Eugene .- Fisk, North Ya
kiroa. Ironing 'table; Martin - Schichtl,
North Yaklma,. reversible rotary harrow
and cultivator.
Changes Made in the Postal Depart
ment, and Pensions and Pat
ents Granted.
Captain Seymour received a letter yes
terday from Captain George F. Titus of
New York enclosing photographs of Court
ney and a copy of his record. Captain
Titus writes that Courtney was arrested
with four others in Omaha January C,
1894, for breaking into the office of the
Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy road. He
was convicted and sentenced March 10 of
the same year to serve two years' im
prisonment in the Nebraska penitentiary.
He was again convicted in New York in
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
. . ¦ y
JOHN COURTNEY alias "Lead
ville Jimmy." one of the thugs ar
rested for the murder of Policeman
Eugene Robinson on Valencia
street near Sixteenth, on the morn
ing of January 21 last, is wanted by the
police of New York for murder. Should
he escape conviction here he will be taken
East for trial. -
Last evening Eagle got' tired of com
pany of the detectives and started out on
a little excursion of his own. He visited
many places in the tenderloin and spent
money freely. He met a tall man, who
lectured him severely about his behavior,
and told him that as he was Chief of Po
lice he would take his money for safe
keeping for the night. Eagle parted will
ingly with $400 In cash, a gold watch and
two diamond rings worth $200 each. This
morning he called on the real Chief of
Police to thank him for the safekeeping
of his property and learned that he had
been victimised. Later in the" day the
police found that Eagle's watch chain,
made of gold nuggets, had been cut up
and sold to a local Jewelry firm by a man
who represented himself as a Klondlker.
This is all that has been heard of Eagle's
money or diamonds.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 4— Thomas
Eagle, a rich young mine owner of Cari
boo, is in Vancouver searching for his
girl wife, who disappeared with a dark
eyed stranger ten days ago. Eagle left
home two weeks ago. When he returned
in five days no fond wife awaited him,
and all he could learn from the neighbors
was that the had left suddenly with an
unknown man for the coast. Eagle start
ed in pursuit and has been in Vancouver
since Sunday. With two detectives he has
searched high and low, but not a trace cf
the couple has been found.
Game for a Vancouver Bunko
Cariboo Mine Owner Proves Easy
SEEKS HISSING BRIDE
AND LOSES VALUABLES'
Conductor 8. C. Jones and Brakeman
George Singer, who escaped serious in-
Jury In the disaster, say that just as the
engine and caboose reached Deuman hill
there was a violent trembling of the loco
motive, twice repeated. The explosion
followed a second later. The roar of tha
expanding steam could be heard for miles
around, and residents of the vicinity hur
ried to the scene. They found Engineer
Dugan fully_ twenty-five yards from the
track. He' was still breathing, but died
within a few minutes. In one hand ho
Btlll clutched a piece of the lever. Strange
to say, the dying, man's watch had not
stopped when the explosion occurred.
Henshaw's body was under the boiler,
mangled beyond recognition. Postlewaite
had been hurled some distance > from the
spot, but he was able to arise and make
his way into the caboose. He was
scalded from head to foot by the escaping
steam. This afternoon he was taken to
the railroad hospital in San Francisco.
There Is a chance for his recovery, un
less he has sustained internal injury. ,
The body of Henshaw was brought to
this city late last night. / He had be«n
recently married, and lived in the- Hotel
Ramona In this city. His bride is pros
trated with grief. The body will be shipped
to San Francisco, and on Thursday cre
mated at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
. Some hours wrive consumed in clearing
the. track, but traffic was resumed late
yesterday.- ,- . . .
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 4.— Railroad
men are yet at a loss to account for the
boiler explosion that . yesterday wrecked
engine No. 1701 on the Southern Pacific
coast line and caused the death of Engi
neer Richard Dugan and Brakeman J. C.
Henshaw, and serious injury to Foreman
W. Postlewalte. The engine was of the
mogul variety and supposed to withstand
any aort of service.
Line Probably Will Never
'VSKifi Be Known. .
Cause of Fatal Accident on the Coast
AT LOSS TO ACCOUNT
FOB BOILER. EXPLOSION
Captain Titus -further writes that Court
ney is wanted in New, York for the mur
der of Clara Engelhart at 73 Delaney
street on October 8, last year. She waa
shot in the eye and died a few hours
later. Courtney was living with the wo
man along with two companions, both
red-headed and each with only one leg.
Every effort was made to arrest Court
ney and his companions without success,
and it was only, when Titus received a
letter from Captain Seymour asking for
information about Courtney that his iden
tity was discovered.
. Chief -Kiely of St. Louis has also writ
ten to Captain Seymour that Courtney
was one of a gang of tramps who mur
dered Officer Nicholas Hunt there on No
vember 15, 1S97. The chief of the gang
was John" Fraser alias Knight alias "Tip,"
who made his escape on a river steamer
going to Memphis. There he was met by
Courtney and Bert Scalen, two members
of the gang.
A dispatch was received last rnght from
' Winnipeg, Manitoba, stating that the Ca
nadian Pacific detectives and Western
Ontario police were on the trail ol Wil
liam Kauffman, one of the murderers of
Police Officer Robinson, and expected to
capture him at any moment.'.:
The highwayman has been working East
on the main line of the Canadian Pacific
Railroad and was in Winnipeg March *1.
He was in Calgary, N. W. T.. 'February.
17, and is supposed to have" traveled from
Vancouver. He spent two days in Cal
gary, but escaped arrest; owing to the po
lice there not having received the neces
sary instructions and information from
San Francisco. A man answering the de
scription of the much-wanted fugitive was
put off a train by Conductor Downing of
the Atlantic express while at English
River station, one hundred miles west of
Winnipeg. He was beating his way on the
train. After being put off he tried to se
cure a Job as a camp cook and then wenf
into hiding in the brush near English
River station. He is described as a Swede
of very heavy build and his left hand is
mutilated. This description (Its that of
the desperado who was concerned In the
murder of Officer Robinson.
1598 under the name of James Williams
of carrying two revolvers concealed and
was fined $10. .. .„..'¦
The franchise for an electric road from
the northern limit of Redding to the
county line towar4 Weaverville, with a
branch to Keswick, and from the south
ern limit of Redding to tne county line
toward Red Bluff, was sold by the Super
visors this afternoon to Attorney W. D.
Tlllotson, who declines to state whom he
represents. .
'The contract for construction has ac
tually, teen let to- Drake & Stratton of
,New York City," said Mr. Proctor. "We
cannot say yet just when or at what
point operations will first commence, but
that will be determined during the week
that we shall spend in Redding. Every
thing is fully arranged in a general way.
We are now attending to the details.'.'
Mr. Proptor confirms • the" statement
that the project has already 525,000,000 at
command. His principal object here at
this time is to view the land with Lord
Thurlow and determine the exact route
which the road shall follow in crossing
Trinity and Western Shasta County into
Redding. They will investigate a right
of way through the town. A proposition
to receive attention is just what route the
road shall follow on leaving Redding. A
very slight detour from the most direct
course would carry it by Bully Hill,
where Captain de la Mar's great copper
mines and smelters are located. It is be
lieved that the heavy volume of business
which' could be thus obtained will make
this mining center a depot on the road.
In driving from Red Bluff. the railroad
projectors obtained an idea of some of
the country to be traversed. Tne road
will go out through the northeastern cor
ner of the county, traversing fertile Fall
River Valley, with Its great wheat acre
age, vast stock ranges, thousands of
acres of magnificent timber and a wide
mineral section.
REDDING, March 4.— Lord Thurlow of
London and New York and George H.
Proctor of New York, who Js associated
with Lord Thurlow In his various enter
prises, arrived here this afternoon. Their
visit here concerns the Eureka and East
ern Railroad, which is to run east from
Eureka to Redding and thence northeast
to Weiser, on the Idaho and Oregon line,
250 miles south of Spokane, from which
point J. J. Hill of the Great -Northern Is
expected to extend a branch. Lord •Thur
low and Mr. Proctor reiterate the recent
dispatch from Chicago to the effect that
their railroad project is at last amply
financed and that the 800 miles of road
will soon be in course of construction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says Work Will Soon Be
Commenced on Line From
Eureka Bast
Arranging Final Details
of His Railroad
Project.
LORD THURLOW
VISITS REDDING
One of the Thugs Under Arrest for Killing
Policeman Eugene Robinson Is Accused
of, Murdering a-: Woman : in the : East
NEW YORK AUTHORFTIES
WANT "LEADVILBE JIMMY"
3
'p:, OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Jl" ' - ¦'^ ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
(fcu_ Wharf. San Francisco:
Wggjri- For Ketchikan. Juneau.
BSgSlJLifc. Skagway. etc. Alaska-ll
Itrfe^Pk a. m- March i!. T, 12. 17. 22.
E«Stfiafl V,Vl "1. April 1. ChanK"! to com.
Rjea^iO-Evi pony's steamers nt Keattl*.
WCmrrOljVl For Victoria. Vaneouv-r.
Port Townnend, Seattle.
, Tacoma, Everett. New
Whntcnm— 11 a. tn.. March 2, 7, 12, IT. 22, 27,
Aprtl 1 Change at Seattle to thla company •
•teamer. for Alaska and O. N. Rjr.: at Seattle
Sr Ticomi to N. P. Ry-J at Vancouver to C.
T'Fo 1 /' Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 P. m-.
March 8 8, 13. 18, 23. 23. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only^ at Santa _ Bar-
bara, Port Los Angelea and Redondo <£«•*»>:
gelei)— 8pokane. 8unday». 0 a. m.. State ol
California. Wednesdays, 0 a. m. •
For Lou Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, flan Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara Ventura. Hue-
neme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and 'New-
m.! y March 7. 13. 23, 31. April 8.
Cocs Bay, 0 a.m., Mar. 3, 11, 19, 27, Apr. 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jo*e del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mez.) — 10 a. m., 7th or each
month. -
For further Information obtain folder. -
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
"tICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
—^-FOR— -
SENATOR JUNE'l
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. ."JUNE .7
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. : The
steamship* Senator and State of California
made regular trips . to Nome last year, land-
ing all , passengers and freight ¦ without loss,
mishap 1 or delay. For passenger rates apply
Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery st. (Palace
Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. GenL' Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. -
SPECIAL.
Excursion Rates
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A Delightful Winter Trip.
Only |60, including meals and berth, 'for the
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast S. 3.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN FRAN-
CISCO MARCH 7th and APRIL 7th. due back
27th of each - month. ¦ calling at the following
Mexican norts: ENSENADA. MAGDALENA
BAT. SAN JOSE -DEI. CABO. MAZATLAN.
ALTATA. LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. •
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymaa by rail. • For further particu-
lars lnciulre at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street, or - 10 Market street, San
Francisco. • '-' ¦ ' "
Of? ,«& TV- CO.
Only Steamahlp Xiino to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail ' Ltne from Portland to nil
¦ points East. .Through Ticket*' to all
. points, nil rail or steamship and rail, ai
UOWiilST 2E<_A.TX*JE3S.'
8TEAUEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH iai 2ISAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. . .Mar. 4. 14, 24. April 3
6S. GEO.' W.'ELDER Sails.;..:.;........
* .-. .....Feb. 27; Mar. ft, 19. 29, April 8
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen." Agt., 1 Mong*y, S.F.
OCEAN TRAVEL. *
Wte^ NOME
H SAILINGS.
UBniiup THB FIRST CLAJ3
\\\ S.S.PORTLAND
\\\ WILL BAIL, FOR
EsT O '!&£.£.
Leaving San Francisco Aortt 10th
L«avlnr Seattle April 2H'_h
For Freight and Paasare' Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO,,
643 Market «t, San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPOttTATlON CO.. Puget
Sound Agent. Seattle, Wain.
eeeanics.s,co ? Biig
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, March 8, 2 p. m
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. 8amoa. Auck-
land ami Sydney.. Thurs.. March 20, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Saturday, March 28, 10 a. m.
I D.SPHECXELS & BROS. CO., Basra Jjab, 327 U R
Cen'l Pusuigar OSes, 143 Itarfet St, Per k. I Paafc it
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
; ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
PALENA ...March 12 TUCAPEL —
SANTIAGO.. March 2S GUATEMALA
: I These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger »ervlce.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHKIE & CO. Gen. Agent*.
PANAMA R, R, £^r
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40: Meals Free.
5. S. Argyll , sails Monday, Mar. 17
6. S. Leelnnaw calls Monday, Mar. 24
S.S.Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Ofi'.ce. 330 Market »C
P. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COKPAOmS SSSSBAVJ TBAKBATLASTIQUJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. -,._.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead . oZ x/ST&qJj
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier ¦^i.SBUgSa
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. 470 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). X»xr
York. ' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacim Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
NEW. YOKK — SOUTiVMPTON — LONDON.
St. Paul, Mar. 12,10 r.rPiPhlla<iel.,Mar. 28,10 a.n
St. Louis.Mar.10.10 am'St. Paul. Apr. 2. 10 am
nJE2X> STAB. IjXTfl-IEJ.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Vaderland. Mar.12.noon Haverford. Mar.20.noon
Kens' Ktdn.- Mar. W.noo.ilFriegland. Act. 2. nooa
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHA3. P. TAYLOR. 30 Montgomery »t-
BAY ANlf . RIVER . STEAMERS.
FOR.U. S. NAYYYAR) AND VALLEJ)
StaamSriGES.' FRISBI2 or MONTICSLLi
- 9:43 a. m., 3:15 and .8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9M a. m.. 8:30 p. ta. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.,- 12:30., nooa, 8 p. m., exctp:
Sunday. Sunday,* 7 a.' m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 30
cents. Telephone Main 130S. Landing and
office, pier 2, il'Bsion-itreet dock. HATCH
BROS.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or bladdef
trouble, or if there i3 a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr Kll*
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail. Immediately
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling all
about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of tes-
timonial letters received from men antl women cured. In writing to Dr Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you read this generous offer in tha
San Francisco Daily Call.
• If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug store*
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but- remember the name, Swamp-Root
Dr. Kilmer's, Swamp-Rqot, and the addreas. Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more, sickness and suffering
than any other disease, therefore, when through neglect or other causes, kidney
trouble'ls permitted to continue,- FATAL RESULTS ARE SURE TO FOLLOW.
We often see a relative, a friend, or an acquaintance apparently well .• but in
a few days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness. ~ or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trouble— Blight's Disease.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the great kidney and bladder remedy.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the highest for it3 wonder*
ful cures of the most distressing cases. Hospitals use it -with wonderful succesi
in both slight and severe cases. Doctors recommend It to their patients and us<t
it in their own families, because they recognize in Swamp-Root the greatest and
most successful remedy. A trial -will, convince anyone — and you may have a sam«
pie bottle sent free, by mall.
Miss Alice Brown, the well-known trained nurse, is In a position to speak with
knowledge. \ She was formerly with the St. Louis Baptist Hospital and has had
many trying experiences in her arduous vocation. She adds her valuable testi-
mony to the thousands already received by Swamp-Root. She said In a signed
interview with a Reporter of the St. Louis Star:
"Although a woman in my position can receive plenty of prescriptions from
physicians without cost, it was upon the 1 advice of a well-known West End Doc-
tor that I began to take Swamp-Root. No, I will not tell you his name, for , ha
might not like It. - But all the same, I took it when I was run down • from night
work in the sick room. I was thin and yellow and tired even when I rose from my
sleep. Swamp-Root gave me a relish for my food and cleared my blood from it3
stagnant impurities. Of course I do not praise , Swamp-Root as a cure for all
troubles, but it is splendid for the kidneys, stomach and bowels and relieves fe-
male disorders when all other remedies have failed to i?ive relief. ' I know . of
many cases in the hospital cured ¦, by this wonderful remedy. ,
1519 Semple Ave., St. Louis. Mo. (/^Ji/^QJLJ ' I ol^lXrTAJ^, /
MISS ALICE BROWN.
To Prove What This Wonderful Remedy Will Do F6r
YOU, Every Reader of The Call Way Have a SairipF
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
_ - • - ; - >' '¦•.'¦ • ¦
Used by. H ospitals— Prescribed by Doctors. ,
TRAINED NURSE CORED
¦ ¦ ; •
Magic.
| _ Ibt"; way Ealva-cea cures Piles, " -"^
DB. XmHEB'S . SWAM? r BOOT.
I - -.„.. t ¦•. '.•¦:-, ¦ <^"r^p*v3xpHSm^mM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The World's Cure for f
I llunyadi Jdnos I
jj Natural Laxative Mineral Water. |
j It is the Best and Safest rem- I
1 edy for disordered stomach, |
I biliousness and liver trouble, |
I and it cures Constipation, g
j Drink one-half glassful on |
i arising in the morning and I
J you will feel the remarkable |
1 and agreeable effects in a short |
I Hunyadi JANOS I
j (FULL NAME.) |
I If you simply ask for Hunyadi fj
I water you may be IMPOSED E
;) BOTTLE HAS BLUE LABEL. . ||
J WITH REP CENTER. g
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AH OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MR8. WIN8LOWS SOOTHING SYRUP
lies' betn used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLION'S of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
. the GC11S. ALLAYS all PAIN; CUBES WIND
COLIC. esA is the best remedy tor DIAK-
IIHOEA. Sold by Drupglfts In everr part of
the world. Ee sure and ask lor
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING STRUP
AXD TAKE NO OTHER KIND.'
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle-
Nothing injurious In •
Bronchial Tg^ches
f5i * orcmt relloffor coe/ofta, hoarao-
«e««, throat xnd lung trouble!!.
fo/rf/alojrmw/y. Aooid ImltaUont.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
Nobility
Recommends
Neryine.
: The above portrait is that of
Countess Mogclstud, of Chica-
igo, 111., whose gratitude for the
benefit received from the use of
Dr. Miles' Nervine prompted
her to make this statement:
"It affords me great pleasure to add
my testimony to the very excellent ¦
. merits of Dr. Miles' Nervine. Although ; •
I am past 8o years of age I find it
soothes the tired brain, quiets the irri-
I tated nerves and insures restful sleep. '
I I never feel contented without a bottle
of it in the house." '.- Gratefully yours,
Christiana Mar,ia, |
Countess Mogclstud. .
MUeV Nervine
is a . nerve tonic ?and . strength-
builder ' that starts right in re-
storing health immediately.'
¦ Sold by ; all Druggists*
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAMERS "WILL. LEAVE WHARF, ; COR-
I ner . First and [ Brannan streets,. at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. : No cargo received • on board, on ; day . ol
HV'americamaru. .'..;. . . . . ; .'. : ...... .
• J ... ............. ..Friday. March21st, 1802
SS.- HONGKONG MARU ......"...:
; , ; r. ; .v. ; . r.". V. . . . Tuesday, April 15th, 1002
SS. NIPPON MARU. . . .Friday, May Oth, 1002
Round-trip tickets ' at . reduced 4 rates. For
freight and passage apply, at company's of flee,
421 Market street. ¦ corner First. .. ¦
, • ; -W. H. AVERT, General Agent.THE O-AXiIj'S R,A.OISrO FORMOHART
TWO ( CHAMPION SWIMMERS
' OF THE OL.YMPIC CLUB AND
THEIR INSTRUCTOR.
The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
met last evening-, when the annual report
was read and a great deal of routine busi
ness was transacted. There was a full
Utfendance. qf the board.
Mechanics 1 Institute Meeting.
Hansen Makes a Mistake.
Olaf Hansen, a Swedish sailor, wan
dered into a Chinese lodging-house on
Dupont street early yesterday morning
and after disrobing stretched himself out
in the hallway and fell asleep. Hansen
had been drinking heavily, and mistook
the lodging-house for hia vessel. When
he awoke his clothes were gone and he
raided a disturbance. Policeman Hlcksy
was summoned and after a time one of
the Chinese returned the clothes, saying
that he found them in his room, tho door
of which "had been left open. Hansen
made a hurried toilet and then started off
In search of a saloon to again get up
steam. ,
Supervisors Reject Demand.
The Supervisors' Printing Commlttio
yesterday rejected a demand of W. Hin
ton for |82 for printing BOO reports of the
Fire Commission for the fiscal year end
ing June 30, 1901. The reason assigned is
that the printing was not ordered on the
authorization of the Board of Supervisors!
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on March 18 an
examination will, be, held in San Fran
cisco a.nd elsewhere for positions of archi
tectural draughtsman, -Philippine service,
as follows: One architectural draughts
man at $lG00 per annum, with experience
iii.' superintending*' construction; one archi
tectural draughtsman at '^1400'per annum,
with experience to qualify him for the
position of head draughtsman; one archi
tectural draughtsman at 1120Q p e r annum,
with a knowledge of water coloring, and
one architectural draughtsman at $1200 per
annum. Persona who desire to compete
should apply either to yie United States
Civil' Service Commission. Washington, D.
C, or to the secretary of the local board
of examiners, Postofflce, for application
forms 304 and 375. which should be prop
erly-executed and filed with the commis
sion. The regulations requiring that ap
plications be filed at least ten days prior
to the,' date, of the examination will - be
waived in accepting applications for this
examination.
Civil Service Examinations.
Charles R. Mains, prisoner and de
fendant on a charge of using the malls
for fraudulent purposes, achieved a legal
victory yesterday when United States
District Judge de Haven dismissed the in
dictment against him and his alleged ac
complice, Walter Scott Glfford. on the
motion made by Mains a few days ago.
In rendering his opinion Judge de Haven
said that there was but one count in the
indictment, charging the defendants with
having deposited two letters In the United.-
States Postoffice for tho purpose of carry-,
ing out a scheme to defraud. The statute
under which the defendants are indicted"
makes each letter deposited in the pan
office for the purpose of carrying out a
fraudulent scheme a distinct offense. Con
tinuing, Judge de Haven said:
It Is an elementary rule ot criminal law
pleading that two or more separate offenses
cannot be Joined In a single count. The In
dictment is also defective for the reason t'jat
the letters are not properly pleaded. There Is
no direct allegation as to the substance of jjteit
contents.
The charges in the quashed indictment
were ordered referred to the Grand Jury
to be hereafter impaneled. "Mains -was
thereupon held to answer with ball fixed
at $1500. Gifford 13 at large. on his own
recognizance. He i will be used as a wit
ness by the Government.
Judge de Haven Orders the Federal
Indictment Quashed on Motion
of the Defendant.
I"OTJR-BIIXION-DOI<I«AIt
MAINS WINS HIS POINT
Frank Wilson was held to answer be
fore the Superior. Court by Judge, Mogan
yesterday on .a charge of grand larceny.
Wilson met E. R. Lane^ a young New
ZefUander, February 19^ and Induced him
to accompany him to a house on Taylor
street to get a permit to visit the Mint.
There Lane was introduced to -a "Major"
and "Doctor 1 '' who were playing poker.
Lane was invited to play and. said he did
not understand any game of cards except
euchre. Wilson, offered to stand hla spon
sor, and three hands - were dealt ' and
sealed in envelopes. Wllsoii went to a
bank with Lane, who drew but $3M), and
returned with him to the house on Tay
lor street. Larre put up the $300 on the
hand dealt him, and when the envelopes
were opened he was told that he. had lost.
Wilson pretended to take pity on him and
gave him a certificate for D00 shares of
mining stock with a letter of introduc
tion to "Major Van Pelt. Hotel Butler,
Seattle," yfho would buy. the stock. Lane
went to Seattle and of course no one
knew "Major Van Pelt." Lane' then re
turned to this city and notified the po-
Jice of the robbery. After Wilson's arrest
a woman claiming to be his wife called
upon Lane and gave him $150. begging
him not to testify against her husband.
Trnnk Wilson Must Stand Trial for
Robbing E, R. Lane of Three
Hundred Dollars.
YOUNG NEW ZEALAUDER
LOSES AT A' CARD GAME
The club directors at a meeting yester
day signed Rube Ferns and AJ Neill, Rufe
Turner of Stockton and Jack , O'Brien of
New York for twenty-round bouts. They
will be held in Mechanics' Pavilion on the
21st inat. The directors agreed to pay any
expenses incurred by the National Club,
the officials of which expected to promote
the Ferns-Neill bout. ;rhey were voted
the permit by the-Police Committee of the
Supervisors, but the board took it away
from theml ' , > * -'¦...,
Ferns* manager helped complicate mat
ters late last night, when he received an
offer of a $2500 purse for m a fight with
Tommy Ryan on the 17th inst. He said
he would leave for Kansas City to-night
if he could not receive* a guarantee that
the Hayea/ Valley Athletkt Club would
carry out its part of the agreement.
Joe Kennedy and Jack. Johnson are
matched to. fight for the Coast heavy
weight championship before the Reliance
Club next Friday evening. They will box
fifteen rounds. Both men are clever for
heivy-welghts and a fast fight la ex
pected.
Some little men will Jigure Jh the pre
liminaries. Hobby Johnuon and Jockey
M.'DtM IIHltt, tWO •.)*•¦• tJlUl-WflKllt*, Will gO
four rounds and i.«iuii- Long And Jack
Dougherty, who met for six round* at tho
last exhibition, will try It ugaln for fix
roiuulM,,
Thti Acme Club will hold It* monthly
boxing tournament on the 14th inst. at
the lOxp-iMltioM huildlnur, Oaklund. The
main tsvunt will bo a nftetin-round con
k-hI lictwfi-ii Viiiiih.; <JHitw and Mono 1j»i
I'oiiUb.', 142 iKHiinU, who Iimh l»'..-n light
ing ot lato In* the itocky Mountnln coitn
try. \'*uc piellitiln-irl'iM tht-n' will hu Mix
rounds between Jack Kami und Jimmy
Ullf.v. i.'M pounds, and "Cyclone" Kelly
ami Kid La Velle, 148 pounds, to go eight
round*.
The PaMtima C1ut> of Portland has •«
'¦urt'd u match which many rlng-foers
hoped would be decided here. It 1» be
tween Mike Donovan and Char]ea Thurs
ton, Ht UH pounds. The men will leave
here shortly for the north, where they
will complete their training.
The directors of Hayes Valley Athletic
Club, having received their sanction for
a fight to be held during this month, have
gone ahead with their arrangements, al
though there are to be heard rumblings
of :
¦¦'¦ ";.w ; © . ¦ ¦
"Th^ foremost angler of America, ad
Grover Cleveland, 'ex-President of the
United States, was referred to by Presi
dent Walter D. -Mansfield at the meeting
of the San Francisco Flycastera* Club,
was elected an honorary member of tbat
organization . last nlgnt. He is tho flrst
man so honored by the club, which num
bers amons its members some of th»
brightest minds in the State.
This honorary membership i3 limited to
ten practical anglers." who havo gained
wide and honorable distinction in profes
sional or public life.. The election -pf Mr.
Cleveland was unanimous. Some' mem
bers said it was the first vote they had
ever. cast for a Democrat.
It was a "Cleveland" nightthrougho'at.
The new member could not have received
more graceful honors had ha been present.
The members drank his health gtanding
and sang the "Star-Spangled Banner" to
the accompaniment . of the orchestra.
President Mansfield also read an article
on "Anglers" contributed by Mr. Cleve
land to an Eastern magazine. As broth
ers of the angle they appreciated the. unc
tuous humor with which It abounds.
His letter signifying: his willingness to
become a member follows;
WESTLAND, Princeton. N. i,. Jin. S.
Faytft'a II. Reed E»q.—D«»r BU: ,-t '•
hav« receiv«*4 your latter and deslra to
thank you for yuur courteous offer to pro •
»ent my mdu for honorary mamtxrwblp In
th« California Fly Ca«Mn« Club.
AMuming that no duty nor f«rvte« it
Involved It woulrt givft m* much pletsur-*
to b« ¦<> enrolled. Vonr-i truly, •
, CROVEH CLEVELAND.
The content* po«tponed from last Siit
uni'iy brcaiwi- ot the ruin will be ht*la
next Saturday, weather permitting.
Tho»o In attendance at the .banquet,
which was held In the private dlnir.»«
room of the California Hotel, follow;
PrMtdent. Walter D. Man»floM: B. T. Allnn.
Jf. Battu. W. V. Itonart. A. W Bltt4e. llr.
lilnkfliplot. W. B. OrooHa, John BuUer. Louli»
Hutiir, A. 8. Carmnn, C. D. Canaan, w. A.
C'oop«r, Colonel Owirpe C. Kdwards, J Jloln^a
Frltcb P. M. might. C. II. ttolUswoixl.
Judu*i'.fahn Jlunt. W. II, Metson, Jtwig* .f. M.
Beawell, K.. Isenbruck. Waltrr J. I»*inbru-lt,
5 II. Ketinlff, W. J. iilerulff. F. C. Kierolfr.
ji C Wyman. O. 8. Franks, It. Brotherton,
T. Vf. Brotherton, O. M. Pratt. Charles
M. Kflwell, James T^ynch. Charlea Klein.
T C Lasercranta, H. V. Muller. E. A. Morker.
W it. Richarrln, John Slab*, Dr. C. von Heir
man, Alex T. Vogelnan*. George Walker, C. O.
Younr, J- X. de Witt. It. A. Smyth. C. «V
Hlbbard, A. Muller. I,. P. W. Qujmby. \l. C.
Oolcher. Fxank Marcus, Mr. Qulmby, Mr.
Lawrence. '^
Speak Gracefully of Him as
"Foremost Angler of
Promoters Who Lost the Per
mit Threaten to Make
Trouble.
! Welter-Weights to Fight
Before Hayes Valley
Club.
Ply casters Honor the Ex-
President of United
States.
ELECT CLEVELAND
TO MEMBERSHIP
NEILL AGREES
TO MEET FERNS
OLYMPIANS WILL HONOR SWIMMERS
WHO WON HIGH HONORS AT CHICAGO
H. E. Brewer and Scott-Leary Carry;^he Wip^e|^©^aVict^^m
Many Championship and Scratch Races Won: in Record Time^
Their Performances Excite the Wonder of All the Spectators
ONE DAY'S WORK
YIELDS FORTUNE
YAQUIS AMBUSH
MEXICAN TROOP
Entrapped Rangers De
feat the Indians in
Battle.
on Bear Creek in
the Klondike.
Remarkable Gold Strike
of Its Number Dead on
the Field.
Attacking Force Leaves Six
Nuggets to the Value of Six
Hundred Dollars in a
Single Pan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, A, T., March 4,-News
reached here this morning of a battle be
tween a large force of Yaqui Indians and
a troop of Mexican rangers, under the
command of Colpnel Navarro, near Petaco,
a small pueblo 10 miles east of Guaymas.
The Rangers were ambushed, but,man
aged to reach a stone corral and from
that barricade poured a deadly flre into
the Indian forces.
After two hours' shooting the Yaquis
retired, leaving six of their "number dead
on the field. Three Mexicans were
wounded.
Navarro's force had for two weeks been
in pursuit of a large band of Yaqui rene
gades, which was "rustling" cattle along
the Sierra M»dre range. It is believed
that this band makes up the remnant of
the Yaqui warring forces. Reinforcements
from Ucrmosillo have been sent to Na
varro.
Special r>l*pa{ch to The Call.
DAWSON, via Vancouver, March 4.—
One of the greatest finds ever recorded in
the Klondike was made yesterday. In one
day Richard Butler took $15,000 out of a
claim on Bear Creek — No. 13 above Dis
covery. A second bedrock, only Jive feet
below the ordinary bedrock, which was
worked last -reason, was found. The dis
covery caused great excitement in the vi
cinity and to-day every claim on the creek
cthat had been worked during the winter
' was being prospected again to tap the sec
ond bedrock.
Six hundred dollars' worth of nuggets
were taken from one pan of pay dirt,
while other pans " yielded considerably
more than $10u each. The gold was ex
hibited in Dawson to-day.
Butler is an old-time miner. He would
have Abandoned the claim in a day or two
for , the winter if he had not found the
new bedrock.
Sailor, the new American Consul, who
arrived here three weeks ago, has be
come very popular with Americans and
Canadians alike. J.-j.-t night he was ten
dered a banquet by the Dawson Club and
was presented with an address and a
handsome gold chain.
Torrents Uncover Nuggets.
HEDDINQ, March «.— One of thqftpecu-
Ifar fegults of the continued Btorm In this
county U the finding in the gulches and
creeks around the town of Shasta of
many gold nugirets in spots which have
long been suj-poned to b» barren of tho
yellow metal. Tha nuggets found range
Jn value from a few i-«mtii to J10. Tho
miners clHlm that while tiome of t !>«¦•¦¦«
may have -come from talllnifs- or over-
Jookril <T«vlet»H. yt-t the nev«r« Btorm
must have wauh^d nome of them from
-lefMiKltH— <iuartz, uunm and placer— along
Hits JilllHldeii or tmtilcH of th& utreamH, ami
tbeM main treanun* hounfH await the
Mtroke of (he lucky pick wlelder.
New Buildings at Stanford.
RTANFOJtD UNIVKI181TY, March «.-
Ground was broken thlii mornlntr for two
additional university buildlngH, Out) |m to
be a ..j.-'-Moiy , ;i ij. tun- that will conv
:>"«t ¦- tii.- ii)i.- i quadraniflo ut tin- *outh
«&8t corner. Th<i other, uti im\mulrnt two
mory edifk-e, will form iii- r->niiticufi cor
ner of thA outt-r auadrungit*. It will )m
< oceupted by iht» (kiiurttncut of mechanical
engineetinK. Atiutnrr tiulldlnir, the rxact
counterpart of ihn l:iu> r, i» to be com
menced en --i.,n ;ih «-(uii»;h-ik can be let.
Jt la to j>rovi(ln unij.lii ronm for th« k<"1
ogy department ami will cumplctu the
"liicr quadrangle nt the ewuthwi-nt corner.
Calve's Father Called by Death.
NKW YOKK. March 4,-Mme. Calvo,
who la ulnglnK In grand opera In this city,
has been notified of the death of h*r
fnthfr at Milan, Bouthcru J'Vance, from
pnrumonia.
RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
FANTA KOHA. March 4.— Mr. and Mm,
ll<>riry Hum-y ut tliln My . ¦< Jrl.iKir'l thcll
tculdcn u. 'Ilhir vcrti rrlnv.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1902.
:. v r :: ?9.00 Per' Ton §9.00.- '; \
„ Better and cheaper than coal; no Bcraenlas, no
waste., Tour coaldealer sells TeslaBrlquP.ttea;
I all one. size. Phone South 05 about ihera.'.-J \-
. - BALTIMORE,- March" 4.— Boxer .George
MoFadden of- New York and Joe Gans : of
Baltimore have ¦ been imatched fpr' a
twenty-five round .'contest at 133
March;7 before," the Eureka Athletic Club
Gans and McFadden Matched.
New Swimming Record.
BOSTON, J March i— Harry L. Lemoyne
of '¦ Brooklyn made a ¦ new ' world's swim
ming record at the Sportsman's show last
night b,y^swimming sixty yards in'! :33 1-5.
The world's record was :35 4-5 and? the
A merican record :36. . ' . . ¦ ,
First race— Derby • Winner^ - Golden Light,
CambaSeres. ¦¦¦ ¦ . - . •
Second race— Dean Swift, Kl ' Chihuahua, Sir
Dougal.' , ¦
. .Third • race— Tiburon, Tyranus, . Prestanqiv; •
Fourth race — Rushflelds, Formero, Hunga
rian. .;. ¦.:• -..-;,. ¦;./ / ..¦.,, ¦:¦¦;¦.¦, , -, .;
Fifth race— -MacGyle, Janice, Joe Frey.
¦ Sixth, racier-John Peters, /Dorian; Evander.
Selections for TorDay.
The suit of Oscar Thayer.'a minor, who
is suing the Union" Iron -Works for
$4 50,. the value ¦', of . two ,topt boxes,: al
leged to have been retained by the cor
poration,-was on trial yesterday- before!
Justice of the Peace Daniels. \ Walter
Donaldson,- an apprentice ¦ boy ,- in -,the
works, testified that- two tool boxes .were
made out of the company's materials and
during -the . company's time and sold " to
Thayer. .*.- J.' T. Todd, assistant .superin
tendent, testified that he had given orders
that no boxes he taken from the ship
yard,-but he had told Thayer to take his
tools.- ¦: 1.S G. Tyrrell testified , that there
were .no tools in the bojc,' but -directed
Thayer- to remove , some - in ; the ¦ office:
Thayer that the boxes were hid
own "property, and- the case was submit
ted. ¦ :¦ ¦¦ •¦,¦ .¦ ¦•¦*. :¦' •
Wants His Tool Boxes.
:. Sixth race— Futurity coqrse; Belling; thict^
year-olds and upward:
3358 John Petera. ilttS CJ.'(*i8)Kvander '. . . .'lO2
.:>3«t> Senator MattsllS CiaT*") Dorian .......121
/ooi? 5 r- flo >1e.:.-,.,i2l'(S3S1)Mure8ca .....KW
(3381)Kdlnb(srough .121 1 18S2 Little MlnchJrl 18
_ t'lfth race — One mile and a sixteenth; thp
Gunat handicap; thre<\-year-olds nml upward:
r,(IS Mcrops ......; 9(1 3.TO The Fretter. .105
(».'538)Fran«rlble...:.lO5 .".*iS7 MacGyle .1(,X
•12(31 Joe Frey. . . . . . 1 1 3 3.'1'(S Jan ice ltlli
a:j31 Itedwald . . ., . DO ,
LOS ANGELES," March 4.— The second
day's play in the men's 'amateur cham
pionship series for CafiJFqrnia golfers was
more satisfactory than ; yesterday. Tho
weather was perfect for golfing, the sun
Fourth race — One mile; selling; four-year
olds and upward: . • ;. • •¦. .-.-,¦ ¦
3.175 Hungarian ...111 3H80 Rushflelda ...111
.i.175 Formero HI 3308 Invlctus . . . Y.102
8388 Loyal S. . . .K ..107 322S M L IttheehildllO
Jewett Bemain in Tournament
for State Championship.
Wilshire, Lawson, Fairbanks and
GOLF -PLAYEBS BEACH ;
SEMI-FINAL BOUND
if w-fl OR a time It looked as if Bob
II . Smith'a luck was such that if he
f "" opened a refreshment booth on an
il oasis In the great Sahara desert
Home itinerant safecrackcr from
America would happen along and "blow"
the caBh register. He has had hor»e»
with a ton of money bet on their chances
left at the post and gazed on jockeys
throw races away with the.wire but a
few Inches distant. It begins to look
now, however, that with a change In the
weather Bob's luck has also undergone a
change. Yesterday in the seven furlong
handicap at Oakland Articulate, sporting
the Smith colors and carrying 117, pounds,
earned a nose decision over Colonel Bal
lantyne, the lightweight of the four start
ers, In one of the fiercest drives teen at
the track over the bay In many, a day.
The winner started equal favorite in tho
ring with Meehanus and trailed the Col
onel from the time Jake "Holtman released
the barrier. In the stretch Ransch on
the leader saw It was going to be close
and carried Bullraan on Articulate but a
trifle. Once or twice it looked very dark
for- the brown colt. When within twenty
yards of the wire Bullman gave Articu
late one cut with the whip and loosenina
his rein won from the Colonel by a short
nose. Meehanus ran third and Duckoy
last. ¦ , •
The track was still deep and holding,
as the time taken by the winners to cover
the different distances would indicate.
Only - two favorites were successful in
taking purses.
"Jess" Matthews made his reappearance
in the saddle on Jennie Reid In the open*
ing sprint after quite a prolonged stay on
the ground, landing the old mare first at
odds of 30 to 1. Lomond, the favorite
pulled out of. the bunch', on the back
stretch, leading to . the paddock. Thera
the gelding began stopping and was
beaten half a length: Pupil, the second
choice, could not raise a gallop.
Sea Lion was not eligible to start In
the second event and Vasallo. with. his 93
. LONDON, March 4.— In his presidential j
address at the annual meeting of the As
sociation of Chambers of Commerce ' of
the United Kingdom to-dajr Lord Ave
bury (better known as Sir John Lubbock)
admitted there were disquieting features,
but he said there was no necessity for
despondency in regard to British com
merce.
i Speaking of subsidies,' I-rord Avebury
salrt-that while French .ship-owners re
joiced in substantial advantage, otherwise 1
they had been burdened bv bounties, sub
sldloa and. protection given to beet sugar,
Wheat; textiles, coals, metals, etc. If! the
British ship-owners were not given bounr
ties they, at any rate, were not burdened
with contributions to bolster, up other
trades. I
•In the speaker's opinion, the 'best .thing
the British Government could do for com
merce way to let it alone. The sheet ; an?'
chor of the commercial world was the
favored nation clause, and he trusted the
Government would hold fast tothe policy
of the open door and, in the case of North
China, urge the United States, Japan and'
other nations to Join Great Britain In
insisting on fair play for the commerce
of the world.
Walter J. Thompson has petitioned the
Board of Education fox reinstatement - to
his position as janitor p£ the Lowell High
School. Thompson ;• has ; been out since
January, 1900, owing to injuries received
through a fall while in the discharge of
his duty, so he. claims. Principal Frank
P. Morton has a different story to tell.''
Janitor Thompson claims that Morton
was overbearing in his demands, going
bo far as to Insist upon having a fire In
his office on hia'arrival in the morning.
Thompson made constant requests for a
key to the office, which he claims Mortpn
ilid- as constantly refuse, so" the' janitor
was obllffed to obtain access to the pri
vate office, through a window from an ad-
Joining' room.
One morning while climbing along the
damp ledge h« nlipped and fell a distance
of thirty feet, falling on a stairway and
fracturing the boneu of his .shoulder ami
rltfht leg*. Because of the injuries thus
tiu»talneU he was laid up for monthsv ¦
¦Mo-rton says in defense. that tho reason
he refused to give up a key was becauao
he had K many valuables in hla office and
he and the vice principal were the only
ones who had keys at any time. lie de
clares that for twelve years no request
had been made by the .lanitors* for keys
to his private • office. He says that ho
thought nothing, of Janitor Thompson'**
dally hpuse-climbing feat, as Mrs. Thomp
son had told him that her husband used
to be 1 a painter and didn't mind It at all. .
The petition for reinstatement haa been
laid on -the table, pending the result ot
the investigation of Principal Morton now
being conducted by -Superintendent Web
ster. • ¦ \ , ¦ -¦ ¦¦ - ¦ .. *¦¦'¦¦ :¦¦ " ¦¦
ious to Do Some More
Climbiug.
Janitor of Lowell High School Anx-
THOMPSON PETITIONS
TO BE REINSTATED
Sir John Lubbock Speaks
of Gonditions pf l ¦ v ¦
* Trade.
OAKLANr L?A9^?^P^Jj je !!^? y '^L^SJ? JL~^. a itll r flne< Track heavy.
33S3. FIRST RACK — Futurity course. Felling; three-year-olds and up; to ilrgt, $:*25. •
Index jHonse. Age. Weight. [St. \' a . =«. Ktr. Fin.' 1 Owner and Jockf>% { Op!"'"?!/
: }^}l^xiTiieneUX.(i....n^C 3 1 2 1-1'i.i 1 ij JJ. M. Crane. J. Mathew* Z
33 \ J ? m ? n<i ; & •• llf^ •'{ I ~, 1 * 2 2 2 2'i Magrane & Co. .Jackson 7-5 7-5'
nSSjUttie Gun, 4....3O9 2 2 K 3 2 3 >* 3 ] Ix>dge & Co. ...Frawlev ,15 2V
."••577 Intrada, 4 109 7 4 1 4 3 4;: 4 5 E.I "Wheeler ?Dyer M wi
•Hri :gam Green. 5.. ..115 5 S 10 111 54 85 Frank Duffy Webster 1(M> SOO^
;«!<;7 St. Anthony. 5... 115 1 « 1 . f. 2 G X . li Ji \\. H. Ketcheman.TroxIr 10 15
:hS? £ fe>v r,' eux - '" 115 4 51 7*4.7 4 7« S. Herrlwether Prior «l . 3i>
•J1S0 jPupil, 5 115 X 7n 82 80 8 10 C Llnd Hansoh 8-5 r 3-2
2S18 Poppy A, 3. «7 a » 10 it 10 M 10 9 20 TedHayet J Daly 3u 40
¦¦i.U.1 jlmponcnte, 4 ....1UM0 10 30 10 10 |John Karktr. ...A. Kelly 100 -20U
Ti J?T7 To H 1 .-.^^- 1 , to w-* r" ll: ! as ' '"*• 1 =' J9 v, Fhort Good start. Won flrst three
driving. Winner. J. M. Crane 1 * b. m. by El Kio Rey-Konsetta. Ix>raond ' stopped badly
the Urt which t-nabled Jennie Reid to ret up." Little Gun was played to ehow '
St. Anthuiiy will War -watching on a dry track. Pupil no epeed.
:',:1H4. t*ECOXl) UACi:— six furlongs; uelllng:; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Indfx;Horse, Ago. V\>lght.!St. . >i. %. Ktr. Fir. . Owner and Jockey. Op! "<?!.
3340 jGusto. & US 1 1 r. 15 in 1 "j IP. Howley. . ."Uirkenruth 8 5 lT-h
%Z3L SS* 1 !?!.. 3 --V-- "° ¦? H ~ :J 8 2n z - Burn " & Watris.Ransch 8-5 13-lu
.J.5K2 Mid. Chime». 5..3(«* :$ 2 2 2 n .3 10 3 10 Joseph Maiden... Jackson in IS
:» Pomplno, a 110 4 4 4 4 4- Is. Judffe See .:! 8-2
••£78 (Senator Hruce. ?,.. 0i*| » _ . . . .'. - {Clayton & Co J. Daly 15 20
Time— H. :2C'/i; 'j. :54; ?;. 1:22^4. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, P How
ley's br. li. by lirutus-Irihh Lass. Gusto ridden In deepest going, but it seemed to suit his
legs. He wan tiring badly. Poxnplno has rickety underpinning. Scratched— Sea Lion 113
_J" - Left. „__ 2
::.{sr,. THIRD RACE:^ — Thre.- and a half furlongs; Belling; two-year-olda; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Weight. St. \'«. s<. Sir. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op Cl.
3354 Gaviota lf>9 C ... 4 2 1 'i 1 'i \k. B. Spreckels.. .Woods " 7-5 fhH
33*81 Hudson lO'.i 1 ... 13 2 3 2C B Kchreiber Ransch r>-2 11-5
3;{«J1 Dottt-r«>l 100 2 ... 2n 8 5 S6 T. H. Stevens. .Jackson 5-2 11-5
:«C1 The Phantom 1O» 4 ... :< 'i 4 2 4 2 |H. E. Rowell.. Matthews 30 60
Wl t« Keno 10C 3 ... 0 2 &4 S5 I Dickey & Under... Kelly 10 25
:«54 Horatiuis Ill 5 ... 0 n 0 jChinn & Forgythe.Conly 12 VI
Time — y 4 , :2«; 3U-", :46. Fair start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner A
B. Epreckels" th. t. by Crichton-Nellie Bell. Gaviota came from behind Ilka a good one'
Hudson stopped. Dotterel can do better. Len Reno weakly ridden. Horatius 'stumbled at
start. Throw this race of his out. . '
:t»8«J. "FOT'RTII RACE — 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; to flrst, $32&.
• I ¦ I Betting.
Index jHorse, Age. Weight. St. V t . 14. 6tr. Fin. ¦ Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
::3:>8 ISiddons, 4 110 2 4*4 3h 12 T. II. Steven*... Jackson {i 9
:«e2 Wolhurst. a Ill 1 2 2*vi 2 n 11 2 3 J.'McMlchaeK Conley 4 15-2
«*iS5C) Galanthus, 4 107,3 12 1 2"^ 2 h 3 1 J. Coff«y Ransch 2 fl-5
¦•*344 (Floronao. a Ill 4 3 4 3 2VJ 4 4 JMcGuire & Hughes..O*Cn 6-5 1
Time — li, :26"!-i; 'i. :54; ""i, 1:231a; mile, 1:52; 1 l-16m, 1:58%. Bad start. Won first
three driving. Winner; T. H. Stevens" b. h. by Wads worth -Mod jeska. When the leaders,
tired Siddons wa» Just beginning to get steam up. Wolhurst swerved into' the deep going
near the close. Floronso sore and In no condition.
:i387. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Calaveras Handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $400.
Index Horse. Age.' "Weight. 'St. Va- Vx- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Opt °&\.
:!308 Articulate, 4 117 2 2 3 In 2 2 1 na R. A. Smith Eulhnan " 8-5' 8-ri
VSM Col. Ball'ntyne, 4..100 1 11 23 In 2« James Wilson.. ..Ransch 6 s
:537« Meehanus. ti 10(J 3 4 4 3 1 3 <J Caesar Young... Jackson 7-6 s-5
<3376) I)uckoy. 5 lift! 4 3n 3h 4 4 G. B. Morris... O'Connor 8-5 ;t
Time— %, "25%: UJ :53; %. 1:21%; %. 1:30^. Good etart. Won flrst three driving. Win
ner. R. A. Smith's br. h. by St. Andrew-Utter. .Bullman's riding won the race for Articu
late. Dailantyne carried the winner out last elfrhth of a mile. Jackson picked the 'worst
going for Meehanus. Duckoy gave It up early this day.
338S. SIXTH RACE— One mile; Belling; three-year-oldn and up; to first, $'J'25.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. {j. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op!" *<?*'.
<.W2) P. Archibald. 4...10* 4 3 8 2 2"^ 2 4 11% Crane & Co Troxler " 8-r. 2
:««*i !.-t,-Kl Sbilin. S..W 1 1 a 18-11 24 Jones & Co J. Daly ' «-.', 9-K
:««O Tutt». 3 i»6 « 8 til 3 r> 3 10 C. W. Cliappell.Wfttrbry 30 12
¦*372 I/jyal fi, 4 10i 0 a n •» n 4i 41 V. Gilbert...... Bozeman 15 is
3349 The Gaffer. « 103 8 «n 5 2 54 ft 0 .1. If. 8lmp*<on...Jackt-on 10 <S
:!375 Qeo. D«wey, 4....1U3 2 7-3. H « 1 0 V t Mis*- F. Heed . . . . Rannch 20 M '
;;3C8 Alturaa. <l 109 3 6 2 4 2 7 »' 7 30 Smith & Davidson.. Prior 5 in
:*.-{72 Gold Karon. «.... 109 7 4h 7 1 8 H \ll. L. .HMJtell^.^j^.jgell Co. luo
Time — V t , :27; >,i, :r)4>J; «J, 1:23%: mile, 1:52. Good start. Won easily. Second~andThlrii
driving. Winner, J. M. Crane & Co.'u b. h. \ty Artillery-Flossie. Archibald only «allop>d
Maxim no excuses. Tufts caught th« show play. The C.aflVr In deepest goinir Alturuii
/ ran * grand race. Scratched— Invlctui 105, Ingo 84, Haup ion. ' ' '
~" ***"" ¦ ¦ " ' ' ¦
TELLS BRITONS
NOT TO WORRY
The $1500 Gunst handicap ia the special
feature of an excellent card at Oakland
to-day. Among the starters are Joe Prey,
Janice, The Fretter, Frangible and Mac-
Gyle.
On Saturday next the rich Bell stakes
for two-year-oldH comes up for deci^on.
Fully a dozen or the smartest youngsters
in training will sport silk.
Jess© Matthews, who has beeA" on . the
Bick list for some time, rode, Jennie Reid,
winner of the first race at long? odds.
Gaviota is likely to prove us fast as
Sevens*, aluo a daughter of imp. Crichton.
Both were bred at the Napa Stock Farm.
After his race yesterday, the conclusion
must be reached that" Duckoy is no weight
packfr.
If Lav Jackson were a pilot. on one, of
thfs bay steamers and couldn't ,"duck"
Goat Island oftener than he ,dld the
muddy ' spotH - with Meehanus, his first
trick at the wheel would find the South
ern Pacific Company with one, less boat.
Many contend that Articulate ia A quit
ter and that even if Birkenruth had got
the brown colt away from the post in' the
Burns handicap ho would havo tossed, it
up at the end of a mile. Yesterday's race
does not bear out such statements, i
As stated in The Call : some days ago;
Johnny Uullman will HiJe the coming sea
son for August Belmont, and leaves for
New York this forenoon. He. receives a
retainer of $12,000, besides getting paid for
winning and losing mounts. ' Green Morris
has secured second call-on Bullman's ser
vices for ,$G0OO. This: Jboks; as if 'all the
money wasnot to be mad© in Europe.
Both The Gaffer and Alturas were well
played. to finish among the first three in
the last race. They didn't.
A. Kelly rode a very vigorous race on
L.en Reno. He should Join the Teamsters'
Union without delay.-
Horatius . had no chance to win,', stumb
ling at the start. Conley then ducked his
head and let the colt pick the going.
One or two. bookmakers In the ring took
a hard fall out of - Fioronso. The ancient
cripple's race certalnlyjustifled their rash
'ness/.- *.- •;•;>>¦; '. : '• * - , > ¦ \
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: . ¦ '.. ,¦
v - First race — Six furlones;' selling; maiden
three-year-olds and.upwarrt: .' ..,
8377. Golden Light.. 105 ."370 Derby WinnerlOl
3377 KiUeen ....;. 10H 2850 Cambaceres 105
XWA The Fiddler.. 105 3375 R-.: del S.' Juanlia
3270 Magazine ., . .1U5 2{}tia J. '. Richelieu Jrl 12
2&61 La Calma....iu3
¦ Second racer— Seven. furlongs; selling- -three
yeax-oldsi and. upward:,- ;
2099 Dean" Swift... 100 3381 Sir Dougal l"0
«232 Hey Dare... :-.XlT 3135 Helen 8mith..ll5
3333 El Chihuahua.109 3205 Dk of York II.12p
Third race — Five and a half furlongs; eelllng
* three-year-olds and upward:---.- ¦. . ¦, ¦•.-.
<3070)Kllldoe ...... 0 1 3382 Educate . j ... 104
(3371)Montoya .....* «)7 83G4 Tiburon ..... 110
33S2 Ned Dennis. ,110 3382 Clarando . V. . . 108
3370 Malasplna ' . . . d2 33(M Tyrapua : . . ; ' !)4
3371 Lento ....... .-«7 -3372. Chappie / UIO
3359 Sllva Cruz.... U7 3370 Prestano .....ai
pounds, went to the post. a 13, to 10 fa-,
vorite. At the start Birkenruth drew
away from his field with Gusto, and al
though he picked the deep going next the
rail the brown gelding lasted long enough
to down the favorite half a length. Show
honors fell to Midnight' Chimes.
Six "baby" racers "faced the barrier in
the two-year-old dash at three and a halt
furlongs. Gaviota, the fast filly from the
Spreckels stable, with Johnny Woods In
the saddle, had first call in the. betting,
and she won with comparative ease. Hua*
eon led Into the Btretch. where the fa»
vorjte collared arid beat her hands down.
Dotterel was completely outfooted, rum
ning a poor third.
Floronso was sent to the post ap even
money favorite for the mile and a six
teenth event with O'Connor up In about
as good condition as a legless man would
be for a prize waltz. His speed gave
away early and the old cripple finished
last. Wolhurst looked to be winning
when Jackson on Siddons came with a
well-timed rush, scoring by two open
lengths. The winner was a 9 to 1 shot.
Galanthus ran a fair third.
Apparently fresh.as a May flower after
his bard campaign of .last week, Phil
Archibald won the closing mile selling af
fair in a gallop from Legal Maxim. The
latter three-year-old ruled favorite and
.cut out the running, only to be. passed and
defeated without effort . when Troxler
astride Archibald, got ready. ¦
Track Notes.
SCOTT LEARY and II. F. Brewer,
the Olympic Athletic Club swim
mers, are the lions of the hour in
the big Post-street institution
. since their return from triumphs
at the sportsman's show, Chicago. • .
Out of a total of nearly forty races they
lost but one, heary being defeated by
ScnaeJTer, the Eastern champion. In ex
planation of his defeat lie says he was
far from being -at his best. Neither
swimmer was in racing condition during
the tournament, which makes the vari
ous performances all the* better. The
weather was cold, a condition entirely op
posite to what they have been accus
tomed to. : , ; , /
Leary captured all the American short
distance records, while Brewer accounted
for those at longer distances with the ex-
ception of the mile. He Is eager. to se
cure this, and it Is possible he wiU f undei>
take the feat in the Olympic Club swim
ming: tank.
Leary is a protege of Sidney CavlU, tha
swimming instructor at thp Olympic Club.
The latter saw he had taleiu and appllca
cation and taught him the proper mettle
1 ods of propulsion In the water.' That
Cavlll's judgment was excellent la shown
by Leary's work under all manner of con
ditions during the past year.
The Californlan swimmers had a press
ing invitation to go on to Boston and New
York lor the swimming tournaments
planned there. They were forced to de
cline, as they felt they could not get in
proper condition for such important en
.gagements. ., ..:..', . r ..: y.
The Olympic Club directors will discuss
at their meeting. Friday night what form
the official welcome hometa .the wearers
of the winged "O" will assume.
having dried out the ground sufficiently
to allow of better scores. > There Is much
Interest In | the 'present tournament and
a goodly number of golf enthusiasts foN
lowed the play to-day. Following are the
results of to-day's matches:'
Morning matches— N. F. Wllshlre beat F. H.
K<lward8, 3 up apd 2 to play; E. B. Tufts b«at
.T. F. Palmer, 4 up and 3" to play; John Lawgoti
beat .T.'A. Jevne. 2 up; W. P. Johnson beat P.
S. Chapman, .4 up and 2 to play; A^ B. SwUt
beat "W. Frederlckson^ 1 .up; W. Fairbanks
beat A. M. Bobbins, 4 up and 8 to play; II. M
Sears beat W, h. Velie, 5 up and 4 to play;
AV. J. Jewctt heat K. II. H. Chapman, 1 up.
Afternoon matches — "VVlIshlre beat Tufts! . r i
up and 4 to play: Lawioh beat Johnson, l'ui»
in 22 holes; Fairbanks beat Swift, 5 up and .'"
to play; Jewett beat Bears, 1 up In 11) holes.'
The semi-finals will be played to-morrow
between' Wilshire and Lawsqn and •Fair
banks and Jewett. .
4
AJ)VEBTISEMENTSw
lEiifFinaiiNr
A Host Bemarkabls Remedy Trut
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most re/nark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
f-uffering of Io6t manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
&ny form of eexual weakness resulting:
Jrom youthful folly, premature loss of
fctrength and memory, weak back, varicc-
<cle or emaciation of parts can now cure
ihr-xneelvos at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills' and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Modlcal Institute, 328 Elektron bulldine
l'ort Wayne. Jnd.. stating: that you desire i
one of their free trial packages will ba !
complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great class of
iuen who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
tnem to see how easy It Is to be cured of
r-.cxual weakness when tho proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
he sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
, *: . ..... CASCAR-ETS OASCABET8 ' ¦ -
«re purely vegeUbln are liked Sy »he chip I M
purely Sg&»2 tajrusa please
I VESHftBlE ISJSf&ttg- Slf J THE CHUDHEI
-, , . tine comb inat ion .i»— »u-t i! — »_ _ i
neveo-berore put togetUer ia .nj^ra. - n W,i oftol ciS^ln,: ehUd
ANTISEPTIC 5!SteS tiSf&SW.S cure
livA-rivc--' X'p'riUnY'/T «t?™£vl™U*Z v u »«
I —^ IJliP^ SSvK SMBmEED
kind that br B ed and feed iSSr.g&L." "" = '
thei, action c My a n d ..iST* 11 "- ¦ ••««5 fM = l -_ 1
' Health. Don't risk delay.
: , E»on-tjudge CASCARETS by other medicines you have tried They are
new, unhke anything elle that's sold, and Infinitely superior. £ a tenant
f~MagkS"^i'ru J oxtQd «y» if not please* get your money back!
I E (£ £ I only flVnulne. Lar S er boxes > 2s c or 50c. Sample and booklet'All goods inmlsfil In plain figures, Hpp
elnl lf> percent dlnnount Wedtipsday« nnd
Saturday*. / UolbolU llurncua Co., 811
Larkln struot. ,.,.,; , , •
Bin; Qnlo of Hnmom.
Chnrity D&zaar Postponed.
Tho bninnr to be hIvcu for thn benefit
of tho tJitthnllo hndlnn' Aid Hovlety, which
wan to have taken place In May, linn boett
postponed until thn fall, It will hn htl.i
in Nntlvn Hons' Hall front Hnptembni* 1T1
to October 4. All outing for thn I >•• tt*-f 1 1 of
tho Hoi'l«'ty will bo hold on Mayday ut
Mirabel 1'urk. . it].
When dlnenso hns liepn conquered ond
thn wasting proce.nn 1b ended comes the
prote«H of building up now tissue.
] Irulthy, 1 wholesome, "treiiRthdiilnR foodn
itro nnt'OKHitryt Mnll-Nutrliu«, the Kmit
food-drltilc, In pqfrlfiHH n» t\ BtrenKth-ffiv
Iiih, nerve, bloon nnd munoln maker, A
|iiir« nnd Kenuliirt Toiili! nlwnyM holttful.
inithliiW harmful In It. Bold li.v all iIiiik
tclHlN. Prnpnrod only by AnheuKflr-Uumoh
Uruwliitf Ahh'ii, Ht. JiUUlB, U. U. A. > •
Mnlt-Nulrlnij
WcHley A. Jncobd wll deliver a lecture,
on the, "Hftttlo of flfittyufourH" 8t Corh
well Polytecholo Collnso, Twenty-slxth
nml Kotnom Htrcct*, Friday evening at h
o'clock.' ?
Weiley.A. Jnoobn to Leoture.
The Hev, Ci Knuwlok Hoed, tho noteil
IiJiihIIhIi i'vinii!"il"i. t'oniitietml ' 14 mplrlted
1'iivlvnl im-i'lliiK liml iilnlit ill Him Iliiwiinl
ulrri't MfHhotllNi tjhutnh, nmtr tho corner
of riuconti unit lowivnl Ktrm'ts, it wn« thn
InmiRuritl uu'f'lliiK of i\ nerlpa thnt#wlll bo
held nveiy ••viinlnw thin week. Tho oVttn»
urnltut took for hln text, "For them Is no
iIHTitpih'i'," Itomitns 111:23. 1'rofMsngr Arno
k>tl thu iliiKlim unrvlce.
Ifivnuijollnt Hood Upankn.
hiiprovoiiinnt Olub JSiitnrtntiiiiiPtit
TIib (loldnn ditto Vnllny lmprovfimont
Oluli, rp|uciNniitlnH thtt tllstrliU north of
lirnmiwtty to IJity direct nnd west of
jlydo to tho Preslrtlo, whlnh wns lutnly
immrpnntti'tt to provpttt Mn tumid IhjIub
tinnl by lmllntoi'«, will nlv« itit tintnr*
titlnmont I Hid ' nvnnlntr ut MtHntltn Mull,
t'orner of Union nml unlit via tttrenln, Mpv*
1111I prominent vpenkni-M will nddnms Dm
I'lolt nnd a numlKtr of hoiirh nml miiMti'iit
nelit«tloti« will ho reniiot'wil. HnHldonln of
tln< illnti l«'t will not ho i'lnir«»'il mimlNMloii.
nriu.iN, M«rch 4,~-'Thi« tntprrmttnnnl Huitiir
• ""iiffrfiiiT lit It! inrt'tliiH Ii.-'l.iy |i"«l|»"iirit tha
rlsiinlurn uf th« convcnliou until Aim ill 0.
WAHIIINtlTON. Mnnfi <,-Tlin Hrnnlfl
OommittM on ImmlKnttlon to-day Iwgnn
exerutlve ronRlderutlon of thn Clilneno
. xi li.i'inii lidl. The inomlifrs will ennsldnr
the im iiKiiii- with great earn and dorldcd
tO tlll.P It UP MTtlMIl llV MTlllll), Till- llplll-
Inn in rxprpxxi'd that sevt-ml meetlnKS will
in* neopKM.'try to oumpli'ln tho rommitteo's
work*
•
Commlttoe Considers Exclusion Sill.
WASHINGTON, Murelt 4.— Tim ifousn
hill for th«> report of the war revenue bill
and providing for the removal ef the duty
on tea rerHveti It* first consideration at
th« hand* of tho HenatP Gemmlttpp on Fi.
n«nf'n, Hiiti whfit (lift frnnmlttpe Hd.
Jtiurnfd thr> members ciiprfbHed tlm opln»
Ion iimi iii.< iiinipui" would htt fn \ in Mill v
1. 1... Hi. 1 nit. 1 inn- or two morn *lttltiRH,
No oppiiMltton \\t\n exprpMPd to thn mnittt*
orr> on « whole,
MnintMi AidiltMi nn <'hiiiiniMii nf tho
•'I'lnmliire presputeil n cnrcfully i'om>
pllni Hud in. 1. 1 Hhowlim thn v\\u imIIIum n
nod rerelpls or the rotititry for tltn punt
OfliMi MiiiH. Ai 1 iiiillnn lo tills nliilo
tnrnt tin; rcroliit* for thn llsriil ypnr lltu I
e«reoded thn 1 s 1.1 ihIIIiim h lu tho i-xtetit
of lio'i.oiin.oon. Tim nvrriiun lutrrnnl rnv«
Miuo ter.iiptH tiniliT the war rt'vnnun net
mi' l.'A.'iiiii.niKi, nnd lli.i't" 1 (.lin 1,, 1 () |, | MI .
portMtliiii* of Men l'i, (Kin, inn, ii'Mvim; mm 11
miii'Iiik of more thnn $.W,o<K),(H 0 pi r year
nfter the mI.i.iiii.hi of the proposed tnxen.
Reported Favorably to tha
irouie.
MeubuiM In Its Present Form Will Do
LAWMAKERfl DIQOUaa
Tni3 WAIV HEVKNUI5 HILL
WARIIINHToN, M»rr»i l~Tha flenate
riimniltteft nn Approprlntlons tn.dny ron»
rludr-d .<.iK-uiM.iiii.il nf I lif mnuihi.,
|p|?t«latlv« and Judlrial appropriation Mil
t«f ittn next »!"'¦<• i > •'< . The. rommltten
'A 1.1 f ;:.¦.;':. 10 tho expenditures provld*
/ iiv H.. Mil 1.1- It passed thn llmiM ,
>nRVIni die total C'l.wj'i-,
Appropriation Sill In Increased.
Xator Candidates Have Thus Far
Suffered tho Smallest Losses
in tha Recount^
Thn clerkJt'Pnffnged In recounting tha
votes (Mint nt thn Inst election nre uvonuf
iiur soven'prorilnolfl a day, Tho Lahot
oundldates so far Imvo lo»t the lonst liiim
ber ot votos. l?ilward I, WhIhIi, cuinll
iliiin for Hunorvlsor on tha Lutmr party
tlaket, Im now 87I» votes nhe&rt of Oeorge
.Mp^-h unit John Cntfhliiu Is m:i vou<n
nimitii of Fr^rt I'JKSurH. Fred Hunt In only
Illll miIiih iilii'Mil of 'rimiiiiiH itniiKiin inn!
llonii'n WllHon Iiiih 11 lead of only f.ii;t vni"H
iivr 'I'liuiiiiiM li'liiu, All of tho Utlior can*
iitiiiiitM unlit" largn mmIhm in the pr«elnqt»
I'ouiitHrt yeHlPi'dH/i TIips« pruoluetH wt»r§
ilia Mlevniith of t)i« fortieth, mid. tha
Tpiith, Twelfth, ThlrleenUii Kmirtaentli.
Klftewnth Rnt1 Hpventppnth of the Thlrly*
uIkIiiIi. Tim ntniwliiiH of the elBht eontesU
iintH is now nB follows i
ufn.trtl IiflM to I'r^ppnt
V.iIb, i'.ii«, Btamiliiif,
•iMrsc : Aip»ritiiiiiiiin,(uo Kim in.nft
vm\ n, urn 2,ii8 Msn> Kiifl
itiimeeAVII»fln,,...,.lil ( ftlT Till ift.TUil
.tiiini « *. ' M t.t.t t» , » f»,t.MH .iia ih.'.'ii
'iMuiiimii iir.iunii,,..,.in 1 iiii 4IHI 1 i.tnifi
Kill 1, \ViiIhIi,.,,.....1MN'I ¦Mil in. Mil
TluiinnN !¦', I'-iun ih.hiift cu . tfi.tni
WALSH STILL CONTINUES
TO INCREASE HIS LEAD
"My client Is a liar, but he Is not a
With thes» words Attorney Nathnn
OoKhlnn wound up his address to, a Jury
111 ,Jml«o Ornhnm's court yestertlny, and,
utratiRO to relate, his ollont was acquitted.
Coghlnn was defeiiflln« Matthow Qulnn
on a churg« «* grnml lurcony, The do.
fondnnt, while testlfylner, had lied so
iMtrefaredly that hlH ov«nlon of tho truth
bnrnmn apparent to avory oii« In tha court
rorim. nmt cuiu«n<l , JurtB" Urnlmm, thu
lining and thn «l«rH of t^ ft un "i't to enta
AiVilm In liimtufimout, gulim wn» tli« only
tiiiw propniit who tjlil \wi HH«m !•? l»« «war«
of t n rilnpltty of tottil dlHrPBn.nl of th§
until ndniln Hlfirmi ty . thf» olflrli.
ixJonhlan whh uulok wlilwl nmi w»w In 5
nvmtPiH t lint his Hlent hnrt jmiprtrdlgRd
IiIh en&nea for frffldum, Just ai hooh as
nn npuorlunUy urciw lie fwllprt the ntlpn
ti. hi »r ih» jury to hN clhiU'H uutruthfu
iu"rwnei.ii «mt In hl» nrffiiiupnt h« fi«lrly
Iniried U Rt th«lr handn, na much Ah to
any, "Vou eiin J-onvlPt him of lying, liut
you eannot mtikfi w thlpf of him,"
Qulnn whh ehtiraeil with hi-hikI Inreeny:
lit* 1 whb RficuNPti or Ntenllitg & mmnUty ot
loliaoofl from Ins OrnKon ItiUli'otul Rml
N»tvl»fnllon Company'* rioek l»nt Novem«
litip, Jin told n HlrwlKht piiouhIi atory
tiiitll intent lonmi ognt'einnitf hin tuuve*
menlH on Ihn tiny of thn tlinft,
Attorney Coghlan Makes a Rather
Unusual Admieaion in Judgo
Orfthftm'B Court.
ADMITS HIS CLIENT LIES
AND SECURES ACQUITTAL
OHlrtTH Krpwry nnd JnckNOit wprr> flnetl
|W nml *7fi rt'Hpcftlvoly for linliiK Into n
miloon while on )1uty,liMnHMM
Tim uppllcutloiiH of the Cnfe Roynl and
Mm Hiilitwln Annex for llctmseit weru put
ove-r until tho next inctitlnir, ,
I'ollceninn i'hlllp i'J. Kraher made np<
Illll lllllHI tO llllVW II I'lipillllllllll Hllttllllli
njliiliihl htm by i« foninir Ihmii.1 with
iiinwii from i in* n roi ii, iih lin wun a inii
diiiHtn for promotion, Krom tho «tttte.»
inent NUlifnlftPd i>.v tim oiltrtir it appeiimit
ilml nil order wiih IttMiifil-liy fiinimr yi||ef
l.i'frt to arrest iiiivtifM or wrkiuih heurlitcr
tittnspnri*nplf'fl 1 Acting imflei 1 thnt orde-i 1 ,
I'tiih"! tiinstiil ii mini niiiiiriii liiilnihl ami
I'lniililii him tihfuiH ('Kptitlii HiillliiiiM, will)
uiil>ir-i1 him lu look Huliiiiil up, A W"iili
lale-r tho oniliiiiiirH limifi' wlili'h Him polity
tu'it'it wiib iin'iiupii uudoiiHtltutlfiiinl,
wliMiniipiiii Hi" Muii li'niiii'lui'ii i,mIihi<
• 'iiuiu'll inrfmii'il fhnrgPN hmmIhhi Ii'iiiIh-i-
Mill) III' Wild HHUllllHlllit'll, Till* pKlllll.ll)
WnH MliintPil,
Thu • littrHPH of rpporlliiff Iftlf for fluty
nrpfr-rr-Prt HBHlimt tinmen V. Welch nml
Wllllillll IJIl.lt irlw ttnii illNlillsur.il, I I. .|i| km
(I, Mnavti, Who WnH lirii.cii nilliill . h Intn,
W.m lrlMilMMllili.il,
ntilrpi" )4i Ii], Moyd wbi trlr«i1 ftip rr»tmt % t»
Inn fur duty In Illl lnln.Hlni li-il rniiillllnii,
Tim in I'lii'i-il ii'piiiini iimt thorn whh *«i««u
imhh In hiit futility uii'i Mini iim iiiiii Im'iii
WJIIinlil Sii<ri|i, To Ml i ii In til nit Mm llPl'Vntt
Ii" tooli a drink nnd thn ||t|Uor overniimn
him. A pliynliiun tefltlfleil Hint lin hud
prrsprllieil liquor for Lloyd, RorKnnut
I'linililtell lenllllfwl thitt hloyd hml fn p.
turetl four I ut'KlNrH Iwn nlnhtn ttfinp u,\
hud Ih'pii reprlmnminil, nml (.'hlpf of I'o*
II'" Wlllniiiii Hiitted Hint liloyit wiir mi
I'fllclent otJIerr. The < 'ommlHHloiinr* fouml
hlovd Hiiliiv. hut tillowi'ii him in ilepnrt
with ii ii'inltiiiiiKl.
Kilwiml IS. Dodgo, who wiih dismissed
from tho forco for disability, mndo appll
cutlon to bo restored to thu department or
pensioned. It appears that DoUgo was In
jured whllo In Hi" illnriinri;« or his duty
und hiii'MM-i'il u iMirnlyili! utroku. J)origq'.(
nppllcutlnn was denUul, whurnupon him at
torney iiniiiiiiiiri'ii he would tcmt the mut
ter In the courts,
A communication was rend from the
West of .Castro Street Improvement Club
approving the action of tho bonrd In rec
ommnu'iidlnjr n higher lluuor license,.
The Police CommlBfiloneri met Inst
night nnd transacted considerable routine
business.
for Visiting: a Saloon While
on Duty,
Charges Are Preferred Against Them
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
FINE TWO PATROLMEN
Jlefore.dehntfl hegnn the conference re
port on the Philippine tariff hill wns
ddopled. Tho vote, was on party lines
«kre|M that MrL'all of MassarhiisnttN,
l.itili flilil of Main.' nml Ileatwole. of Mln
iK-Hiitii vtiled wtth the I i.iii.muiih iignlntit
the ndo|itlon of tin> report.
The House upent another day In dis
cussion of the bill to clasBlfy th« rural
free, delivery service and plnce tho car
riers under the contract -nyHtejn. No vote
wan reached und It Is doubtful whother
one will h« h*td to-morrow, us th« list of
T cn . k £f* l3 . "owwhut inrtte. The fate of
thn bill in In <louht, although tho Imprcs
elon provalls that It will |>« defeated;
Tho fixakerH to-dny wrro Hmlth (l>.) of
Kerituiky, Ourdner of New JerHoy and
WllllatnN of MlnMlftHlmtl, In favor, atul
l.iindiH of In.il.iiiii, Muddox of OeorKlii
and mil of Cunucctluut, auainst tli«
measure. *.'.• ' •.
WASHINGTON. March 4.-The ship
subsidy bill was again discussed In the
Senate to-day by Frye. His remarks were
directed principally to the Republican
Senators, and he gave further expression
to his views that the subsidy bill was a
logical response to the demands and
principles of the Republican party and
that In its preparation he had obviated
the objections entertained by Senators
friendly to the measure.
No other Senators desiring to qneak to
day, the bill was laid aside and a' number
of other bills were paaned.
Governor Taft eald slavery was confined
1 th« Southern Moro Islands. The ln
> • m ;kb! inn made by the Governor and his
ci>Roclate« had brought out that the slaves
Included men, women and children who
were elavcs for debt, according to the
statements made by the Daton. The
flaves could buy their liberty, but until
ttiis was done the condition ran from
pftieratlon to generation. The slaves were
members of tne family and the, relation
van comparatively mild, if It was possible
1o coriBlder any form of ulnvery aa mild,
«iovernor Taft nald Dato Mandl had »l
verty abolished slavery by decree. How
«-fff-c»lv» this waa could not he stated.
"It Jndlr»teii," said <iovernor Taft,
"how wllllnjr they nr« to connlfFT our de.
rlres and • the poMilblJlten of crndlcatlnu
the nvatem.'?
. The -civil authorities had never recfl?
ni/i-ii slavery In any way, he said, and the
military had alwnys released Htavcs. Tint
the iiiivm did not ini<i< tM.uni liberty, and
<lovernor Taft aald that If we, attempted
to end rlavery by force wo would prob
libly find the slaves ttinilng their funs
i rut km ua. 'it, > I nil in 'in i- of the United
t-itatt* whs, howevrr. KiirmliiB stronger
Inr the eradication of slavery.
WABHIls'GTOIf. March 4.— Th6 extent
of slavery In ths Phlllpplnci was flls
cuesed' by Governor Taft before the
House Insular Committee to-day In re-
Eponae to Questions by members.
Consideration of the Bill
Resumed in the
Senate.
Governor Taft Tells of
Danger in Releasing
Slaves.
FRYE ADVISES
A SHIP SUBSIDY
"No, ulr, I dlti not."
The tnklnjt of testimony In th« ra»»e will
closo thin morning, when Wllllnm Mr
lony, reporter on an pvt>nln»r pnpir, will
bp tiiiPHtlotn'il coiH-prnlnR nn Interview tho
nowspapiT mini had with Mertrenttt Blnnk.
In which the Intter Ih reported to hnve
pnlrt that ho "caught Klynn andMorrlsey
In tho act.
"Aftrr ImtvtiiB your mothrr'H huuxp with
MlH. KllliulHIl," iiMknl I'rimciiitiir AmIi".
'Mill you not cut it'TOKH the totn with
her?"
"No, ilr," rrpllfd Murrlsry. "Wi» went
rl«ht uUinjr (Jhenory ulrppt to Kronen
mIkh'L nml ntuiitf that Mtreet to MImhIoii,"
"Thni you did not throw your «rm,i
nrouml Mrn, Kilbourn nnd diitff her Into
tho hut?" .
I'Mynu wm not er6*H*t>xtimliif<fl.
TltS Ifitllniniiy nf Munl.xny wttl 6 n»m.
ti|i>iit il.Mihil of lie clwrnrrt niftiln by Mrrt,
Ulltiillll II, I In p.il.l I tin Wullltill WHH lt1t0Kl>
iiilpit When nln« rnniMiml hli iiiuthnr'n
IliillMf, I l.i ili'iiln.l IliivlllH hnlpml hU IH.it ti
ri* drnflrt Mm. KIIImmii-m « nun, thmiKli hn
tr'Kllll.'il lit III" IMnlllllllllllV rxtuilllliltl'lll
IuTiiim .IihIhp Miiftim tluit ho tunl IiiiiiIimI
till thn llnliiii'iil UMfii. Continuing, Mm rl
Hey mild I
t (inly wrnt am far n* Mltntnn nml Kmtn Ii
«tre#tM with Mm, Klltinurn. Crnuoh and I l«(t
h«r tli«'r« hiuI then w»nt bw<k nnil went tn heil,
lii'fniv li'iivliiK I illimicil her to Urn i-uin, ami
Htm llnil'Hi'il UN Mini Ntiulfil tnwmil Ilin i-ni m-r
Uf Mllllull nild '1'wi'lllv-lilnlli atrvnts.
MorrUey Denies Ohnrgeg.
'Mm, lilli.mmi rsApheri the Mnrrlney hmi«#
about i> o'i'ln"U, I who lli«ru up to within ft
r«w minutM of the time Mm left with Mnr>
ii=»y mhI t'iniii h, i w«iiu tt) my iiuiim, whtu*i
In U*\l. tiiini t<) ,MiMll««J-« | ill. I ||Ht *ro U»'i
wiinmn mmhIk until the next morning, when I
HHW llPf Hi ItlB HdV«tH«iti||ltl wlioat |,,l|,o to.
tlon. «
Mrs. Ellen MulverhlU, who lives within
nlxty feet of tho ahnnty wli.-tv the Huntu
Kobii woman hiivm nho wns ua»uult(>(1, tes
tified that Mho did not hoar Mr». Kilbourn
scream on the night of the alleged aa
mnilt. Mia. Mulverhlll wilil aho wua tilt
ling near a window overlooking tho
shanty about the time th« niiiuiult wuu
HiipiiuHi'ii to liuvo taken place,<nnd nelth*
it nfiw nor hoard anything' out of the or
dtnury,
Mrn, Delia Sullivan, who rIso lives In
the neighborhood, milil that when Mr*.
Ktlhourn pHMed her Imumt Hha ahnutad,
"1 luivn been robhedl" "Hho wauUt not
let ma cull the poltro," mild Mm, Unlit
vnn, "lim'iiii*" who until plm did lint want
hnr hiihliimil In liiinw tif it,"
Mnriln J, I'Mynii wmh then placed on tho
Htiiinl, lit* lolil pnirllnilly tho Miiiun ntnry
km t'lnui'li nini'iii'iiintr the arrival of Mr*.
Kllhnurn nt S&l C'henary hi runt, i(a HttUtl
This closed Crouch's testimony, which
was not ulnikeu by the- cross-exnmlna*
tlon of Attorneys Porter Ashe anil W. 8.
liunn'H. who are conducting the prosecu
tion.
We walked with her as far as Mission and
Krench streets, where we left her ami returned
to the house. I did not nee her again until
the next day,
Escorted Her to Corner.
After we rot back we remained about the
housH for a few minutes. Frank and I then
started with Mrs. Kilbourn for the cars.
Mrs. Kilbourn reached the Morrisey house
about. O d. m. December 15. She was intoxi
cated. She wore no hat. her clothes were dis
ordered and dirty and her hair was disheveled.
She showed her arm, which she 'said was
broken, to Mrs. MorrLsey, »nd Frank's mother
dressed It, putting on liniment and bandage*.
Morrisey and I shortly after her arrival went
out to look for her hat. We searched about
the Dlace where she said she had fallen, but
could not find It, and then returned to the
house.
Thomas Crouch, a chum of the defend
ants ana who was present at the Mor
risey home when Mrs. Kilbourn arrived
there after her rough Journey across the
vacant lots, was the first witness placed
on the stand by the defense. Crouch said;
Martin J. Flynn and Frank Morrisey,
who are being tried in Judge Troutt's
court for' assaulting Mrs. Rose Kilbourn
of Santa Rosa on the night of December
15. were witnesses in their own behalf
yesterday. Both [ the ; young men told
seemingly straight stories of their doings
on the night of the alleged assault, but
contradicted in many instances the testi
mony they gave In their preliminary ex
aminations before Judge Mogan. •
To the Public of Ban Francisco: The purpose
of the McKinley National Memorial Associa
tion Is the erection and maintenance In Can
ton O of a memorial which will fittingly
honor the memory of President McKinley. The
memorial Is to be the people's offering, men,
women and children everywhere having the
privilege of contributing. Any sum, however
small will be acceptable. It is desired that the
boys and girls especially should be Interested
In contributing to this fund. Every contributor
will receive a souvenir certificate from the na
tional committee.
The amount California Is ayM to raise is
$20,000 Of this amount San Francisco will bo
expected to iiiIho at Inast $10,000. In order to
pneure this sum wo respectfully auk thfl people
to liberally respond. At tho next meeting or
thB rommlttco a more definite plan will be
adopted and announced In order to facilitate
thn offering which Is expected from, nil clasne.
of people, "
The auxiliary committee of the McKln
ley Memorial Association held a meeting
yesterday in Mayor Schmltz's ofllce at the
City Hall. The Mayor presided and ex
plained that the meeting was called In
obedience to the request of the association
to consider the ways and means to raise
funds for the proposed national monu
ment to the late martyr President.
After a long discussion the committee
adopted a resolution providing for an ap
peal to the people of San Francisco, who
are expected to contribute $10,000 of the
$20,000 which has been apportioned by the
association to California for collection.
The appeal follows:
The order has enjoyed a continuous and
Increasing prosperity , for twenty-flve
years, and during that/ period has bene
fited many thousands. Its/ membership
numbers 30,000 and Its Insurance order car
ries a sinking fund of $600,000. The main
offices of the 1 Catholic Knights are In St.
Louis, Mo.
At the meeting last evening were the
Rev. Father Mnxmillnn Neumann, Rev.
Father Augustine McClory, Rev. Father
Placidus Krekler, Rev. Father Law
rence Serda, State spiritual director;
State President John Lynch, State Vice
President M. J. Haren, State Secretary
T. C, Rowe, Dr. Gibbon, president of
Hranch No. 4^7 (old St. Mary'8); President
William McCann, St. Ignatius Branch;
J. H. DuRgan, secretary, and T. K.
Cnrow, recording secretary Branch No.
333, and President Patrick McBrlde,
Branch No, 604, Oakland.
At tho conclusion of tho biiRlness part
of the monting a delightful musical pro
gramme wnH unjoyed.
The Catholic Knights of America met
at St. Boniface German Catholic Church,
Golden Gate avenue, last evening, when
Eugene Blakeslce, grand national organ
izer, delivered an address on the uses of
the association and the benefits to bo de
rived from fraternity, which he strongly
urged. The object of the meeting was. to
take steps to enlarge Branch No. 197.
After the address many new members
were enrolled and the utmost enthusiasm
V-as shown by those who were desirous
of Joining the organization, which min
isters to the sick and the bereaved.
handsome glfta from her friends and rel
atives In the. East and In this city.
CommitteeDesires Funds
for McKinley National
Memorial.
Catholic Knights Take
Steps to Enlarge the
Local Branch.
Flynn and Morrisey De
clare Mrs. Kilbourn
j; Was Not Sober.
POPULAR TOUXG PEOPLE OF
THIS CITY WHO WILL WED
TO-DAY.
SAY SHE IS
INTOXICATED
MAKES APPEAL
TO THE PUBLIC
BESTOWS WELL
ITS BENEFITS
LIBERTY MAY
MAKE ENEMIES
Th* wedding ceremony will be per
formed by the Itev. M. 8. Levy and will
take place In tne presence of the Imme
diate relatives of the contracting couple.
A short honeymoon trip will be taken
by the newly wedded pair and later on
nn extended trip Ea.it will be made. The
young lady who will become a bride this
evening has received a large number of
Ml«a Levy, who 1» prominent In Jewish
circle* In New York City, came to San
Kranclnco some months ago on a visit to
lier relatives and since her arrival here
has bcrn the recipient of much attention
nt the hands of her friends.
M188 &RLLH LEVY ©f Npw York
City tinfj Henry 8. lUnry ef th#
Pan rraticlnco roftofflce will be
uniicfl In i7in»Tinep this ©v«n1n*
et 2002 rifi« etfeet, the residence
nf Mr». Ntiitr, the grandaunt of the
younr led)-.
REVERE MEMORY
OF A MARTYR
Eloquent the Tribute to
Rob9rt Emmet by
His Countrymen.
The memory of Robert Emmet, the Irish
patriot and martyr, was fittingly hon
ored last night by the Knights of tho
Red Branch at Metropolitan Hall.
Robert Emmet was born In Dublin. Ire
land, in 1778. and was a colleague of
Thomas Moore's at Trinity College, Dub»
lin. Both were members of tho Historical
Society and champions ' of the people.
Emmet was expelled from the university
on the ground that he was connected with
the Association of United Irishmen. He
then went to the Continent, but returned
secretly to Dublin to plan an Irish revo
lution. On the 23d of July, 1S02. he thought
the time to act had come and with hij
band of faithful followers attempted to
seize the arsenal and capital of Dublin,
but failed. Emmet tied from the country,
but on returning to visit his sweetheart
was captured, charged with treason, con
victed and sentenced to death. He de
fended himself In a speech of remarKabio
eloquence, but was hungeti in Si. Thomas
street. Dublin, on September 20. 1SO«. - Al
though Emmet's conduct was rash, tho
high purity and unselfishness of hta in.
tentions have never been questioned, and
his name la to this <lay honored in every
Irish home.
Mayor Schmltz ncted as chairman of th>
evening an«l givve an uxcellent nddreas on
••Uobert Kmmft," Tho resc of the pro
gramme was aa follows:
Overture. "Irish National Airs." Mi.^ N'nra
flandy; Introductory remark* by ohalrnmn, Hon.
!•;. !•:. Hchmltx, Mayor of Han Kranuiscj; bass
solo, "Who fc'earn to S[>euk of "US?" i'rofcsnur
H, .1. S. truly; furiti.ill.i Kt>|rm, in) "i'Milily's
Kvermorw." <h) "Llvx In My Heart ami 1'uy
No Item." Mrs. Killih M. Ilasfopl: oration.
Hov. William Poluml: enrnrt »n|n, (u) "o
Hifiithf Not His N:mi.\" (b) "tfhn I* l-'.ir
From thr« Luml," Mrs. IMIth I.«n<«: ehortn,
i.o "Thn Hoys of WVxrortl." (h> "t^t Rrln lli>
meinbur." <l«i>llc t'hnral Horifiy, h. J. M.tu.ly
director; bsrytonn solo. (»» "l>.mr r.nml." o>>
"The Irish Itiipiwiro's." l>r. ::.-i...-t i.m h.-hulk-
Immm.r; rrrUullnn.' "KmntM'n Httrech," t**t
t'ooper; Annie, "Oiwl Have Irolaml," ittidlenv*,
led by Clnellu Choral Hni'lity.
ll'-v. William Dollard'H oration iIa
nminelng Kntrlnnd'a treiitment »f*ih»
IrlHh nml thu Hm>r» wiim tccnlvait with
Kitnt uptilmiHA, an who i.fn i'iiii|ifi-'.H i-.-. i.
tntlon nr "Kinmut'u Hnectch."
TIim hill] w.t i in llntli ilk ilfi ni ,u, .1 with
green anil yellow bunting, A hugn funlii
iiIbcp, unppnrtliiB fniir liirw Ameirlciiu
IliiH.'t, iiiliiriu'it Hut I'fiiiiT <if I ln> li.ill, whllt*
IIiiwi'ih mill tviwt m.-i off tit. nttine,
Mm. K«egan Gets Divorce.
Amil« Kee K^n . who grunted n «1tvnre«
from Thnmnn J. Keeiwn fur truHty by
Jll<1g4 [flllU .VKalfl.liU",
John W. lltulntr) ill pit n unit fur dlvor^a
Bgnltut A '1.i timiair* fur imp rnpnrnn»»i
Louis Glass, vice president of the Pa
cific • States Telephone and . Telegraph
Company, appeared before the Jury to ex
plain why the telephone service had be
come poorer, as the number of sub
scribers had been Increased. Glass was
questioned particularly regarding the ex
asperating tactics of the big corporation
on the ten party lines. Glass explained
the difficulties with which the company
had to contend and then invited the Grand
Jury to Inspect the system.
The congestion of traffic on the street
cars was also discussed and the jury will
recommend that the street railway com
panies be prohibited from maintaining
"stopping plates". In the middle of the
street. 1*he Jurors are of the opinion that
such plates should be on . the sidewalk
curbs and not In the street, where the
passenger Is in imminent danger of pass
ing vehicles. The Grand Jurors will com
municate the result of their investiga
tions on the subjects , mentioned to the
Board of Supervisors. - •••
Poor Telephone System.
Foreman Sonntag stated that tho Grand
Jury would brook no. trifling In the mat
ter and advised Mendell to urge the
Board of Works to enforce the ordinance
now In effect. Regarding the fences and
other obstructions allowed to exist In the
University Mound, Bay View and other
suburban districts, Mendell Bald no action
was taken, as the matter Is now in court
and will Boon be adjudicated.
Colonel Mendell was sharply questioned
regarding what the Grand Jury terms a
dereliction of duty ajid was Informed that
Mayor Schmltz was displeased at tho Im
mense proportions which street obstruc
tions' had assumed. Mendell explained
that an ordinance was now being prepared
for submission to the Board of . Super
visors In order to cover the case.
Colonel Menriell, president ef the Heard
>>t i'uiiitt' Wurka, iii>i>«u>ini to explain why
that immi,v iiiH-fi not enforce the ordinance
itrohlbltliif th§ obstruction ef Btreeta.
Foreman Bonntag explained that the Po
lice Committee uf the Grand Jury had
found that the ordinance wn« being vio
lated, especially In the downtown district.
The r.iiiuniitr,. had waited on the Chief
ef Police and requested that he direct the
police officers lo notify all persons ob«
eti-uctltig the streets to remove the ob
structions forthwith. The men served no*
tlces on the ofTctiederfl and then the Board
of Works asked tho Chief of Police to de
sist, as the board was considering plans
to remedy the matter.
Beard of Works on the U«ek.
Crime U on the Int reuse. Frequently, some
of our citizens are brutally beaten and robbed
and sometimes murdered and many homes are
entered by burglars, and in a number of sec
tlons of the illy tht* lives nt Ilia residents are
not safe outdoors aflar nlglmall. The i.ni
tectton of the pernons and property of our mil
¦em from the largo number of criminals at
present In this city should receive your ninBl
earnest attention, Ileslflents In various parts
of the city, end particularly in the suburbs,
are clamoring; for police protection, which the
department t* unable tt> furnish bewnune it tmt
not enough men,
A piilU-a patrol beat- IS n\nn partly neefled. for
¦ervipe nn th« buy to ut'§teei the pliH'plntf
BHBlnut ittn criminal elements end te pmviiiu
loiiiiii^h for iti.'ir capture. .
Bays Crime Is Increasing.
The street patrolmen are divided into two
waichea, relieving each other at mated Inter*
m.Ik and k.j arranged that one-halt uf tho force
Ik on duty the tlrat l-ulr of the night and the
rwnaliid.ftiie latter half. In the downtown or
l.u.sim/KH dlhtrlcta ut the city the beaU or tours
of duty o( the patrolmen will average from
eight to ten block* In length,, while In the rrm
dence districts they arc much longer. In some
It. stances the men must . patrol thirty-two
blocks to go over their beats. Kvon then there
ore neveral section* of the city which have no
protection whatever. Among these are the Pre
hidlo Heights district, which Is rapidly build
ing up with lino residences, and the Bunset
district, which Is becoming thickly 'Populated.
That section of the city south of UalKlit street
and west of Central uvenue haw also no patrol;
many square miles of the . thickly populated
Mission district Is aim .without police protec
tion; the Potrero and South Hun Francisco dis
trict have not one-fourth enough police; the
tnm« Is true of the rapidly growing Hlchmqnd
district; the section north of Union street and
west of Hyde needs pollco badly, and morn
officers are needed in the water front districts,
and also more mounted police In the suburbs.
The Grand Jury met -yesterday and for
warded a communication to the Mayor
and Hoard of Supervisors recommending
that provision be made In the next tax
levy' tor an Increase In tho police 'force.
The communication calls attention to the
fact that no Increase In the force bas been
made since October, 1891, and that as'thi
clty'tt .bUmut(<l population In 400,000 tho
need of additional patrolmen la urgent.
Thcro are now only Lou patrolmen, though
the charter ii.vch the strength of the Po
lieu Department at one policeman for
every 5oO of population, which would en
title the city to 184 additional policemen.
The communication, which lb' signed by
Charles Honntug, foreman of the Uraml
Jury, and J. C. Wilson,. C. G. Clinch and
John hurker, composing the CommltUu
on I'olue Department, Hays: !:.<!
Pr:te3 Into Poor. Telephone
Service and Street
Obstructions.
Grand Jury Asks Super
visors to Provide ,
for Increase. •
CITY REQUIRES
MORE POLICEMEN
THE SAN FR ANOIStitf $ C ALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5,1 902.
Young Lady Who Is Well Known Here and
in the East to Become the Bride of One
of the Members of the Postal Service
MISS BELLE LEVY TO WED
HENRY S, HENRY TO-NIGHT
5
ADVJBllTiaEMENTO.
CURES WEAKJAEN FREE.
Zn»uro« lava and a Happy IComo
for All.
ttdW Any nun mitv nul. Ulv nn n hlrtiiulf \'<- ••
yMf* >.r Miiffnrlnct rrmn ».<ni.ii w.'.iini.«, i .-
Vltrtllty, iii«hl I.im-i ¦., \,ui i... ,>!,., ,, h ,| ,,,,
Inrn-t «m ill, tM'.iU uranna lo full »i ¦•¦ nnil vl«nr, '
hlmiily xrmi \ntir an. I •• . i - 1 • .•-. > i., Jt r ,
luuifii M.'.ii.iii i'i-i,, i;:ti Muii i. .hi, in,,,, n. t. . •
Midi,, mill 1 1 1 . \ wilt »iinliv m..ii.i ii... f,»,. r «'<
t'clpt with full tiii i- • f ii in » m> .uiv main rrniv
pnnlly ttirq liii,i».-ir n| \\nu\t>, Tim u i'.ti ii.,!.
it matt i..'ii-i. in ..it..,, hiuI Hi.' r..ii.,uiM.4 *\.
lun-'i htli.'ii ri..iu Hi. lr iliitty in ul, phutv wlmi
ni."i think of their a «n» ,
"|!.im- H!ii: I'l.'-i"-' ni'«?#pt i... «|.|. n,< Hi ,mi, .
for v>iii-< i.r I.-. -.'Mi ,i it,. t Ii.vvm Kiv.-n ynur
lr.'iitiii»iil H tli.'i.uin'i ("i.l (M|.| Hi- I..-I. 'It h , ,
liKftt .•xiiii,.|,||n ii \ , |( in, . fni,|r.|,.|y |,rriMil
iu>. u|t, 1 iiiii iimt .i-i vIk.ii.'u i n -i tvii<Mi it ln.y
iih. I ymi I'ftniint r«itlui> Ituw i. m,' v I nm."
"Drar Hlrn: Vmir rm>ihrti| w,.ii«...i bonittu
fullv. . UxhuUm wrrit "i.i.Hv uii.it t n.'^ i .i.
HtreliKth "'"I vlitnr Imvo . >,m|,i.t.|-.- ..i,.,,,. 1
«n>l rnl»r»»'ineni 1st t>titlr«ly nntututmry,"
"I>««r Hlrn: Ynur« WMt rncclvpil unit I ru \
nn trniihir. in mtiklnff imo ol tii- >¦-• '-h' is •!!•
reetcri, an<1 rntt truthfully i.ty H In it boon ti»
wf.ili men, I iimi ivi-.-iiiiy luiprovpit In ill*,
Mrenitth nmt vltfnr."
Alt o<ir»'«pnnii«nro In nfrlctly fnnfiil^nt'n!.
rnnl|.',| In |>lnln. »nnl#(t pnvnlnpn. Th» f»P#lrt
i* (r*« for ih« Hiking and th«y w»« «v«ry nun
1 10 uAVC 1L
ADVERTIflEMENTfl.
is a food that
feeds.
Srndfvr afrre t/tmf/r t/Mfifin's FceJ.
Uellin'i Food Company, Boaton, MtM.
Tl'n ttrnfttur* )• nn ttery hox nf th« prnnlno
-^Loxntlvc Bromo-QuinincTabieu
iH* teuioQj ihtA enroa • cold tn ouc do/,
THE EMPORIUM. ; | THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | ' THE EMPORIUM.
™ . . _^ , ;
I ffo® @<&iBMit®<8> Giissosi "Piilow 'Tops. 27®, |
*[ -C!±; "-^ , ' I " he biggest and best pillow offering ever made in San Franci'co. The facts: A fire iri a big New York jobbing hcus;. Among Jt
«; y^ 5 "" ot^ cr Roods smoked, and, in some cases, slightly. singed, were 2000 or 3000 genuine Gibscn Pillow Tops and BjcIcs. Our .^
% /^ \ffl//JsC§tf\ N ;w York buyer was on the spot and bought them from the adjusrers at a fraction of regular prices. In this lot we have picked $
E /^^-^T^^J^^^^^i cllt IOOO P er^ c f ones '" rec^» tan atl(^ P recn ' am °ng wh'ch are included all the following famoui Gibson subjects: '^
ft /^^T^^^V'ryT^Jfi^Y^ "Is » Caddy Alwyj Nece-sary? ' "A Northeaster," "Wasting Time," "A Word to the Wise," "Hearts are Trumps," "Puzz!e," "Mxiday Morn'ng," "%'
& " l^nW ilfVwM'T*^ I "Advics to Students," "Palmistry," "Cherries," "A Gooi Gam; for Two," "Peaches," ««W:re!es» Telegraphy," "Vacation h Over," "H.-H Up," U
K ' *<^2^^\\\\W^^P^^J "Picturesque American," "The Only Pebble on the Beach," "The Leading Feature of a Liberal Education," "The Lait Day of fff^Ba '2
JT " , f'--'^ 1 , » ' " Summer," "Melting," "Here It Is Christmas." JP •*•*
» The regular price of these tops has never been Jess than 50c; the 1 000 psrfect ones to-day only at. % I .... - *•
I — — Last Day of the Black Silk Salem |
5 Best Black Si"k values ever offered in San Francisco. Fiv: of the best makes from leading European and American manufacturers, at more than a 5
K 2 ?-inch pure dyo Black Taffeta; manufactured by C. T- Bonnet & Co.. of Lyons, Frince, worth it. 10 per s 1 -inch Swiss Black P;au de Soie: magnificent finish; the <*•*< P« 5»
j» yard ..-....' > 69c yard qua ity; now 87o -J
*T 17-inch < 1. 15 quality Black Taffeta; warranted to wear; now ' 78O Beauti ul 20-inch Black Lumineux Silk; the grad; so'd rrguUrly i.oo *^
J( S4-inch Swiss BackPeau de Saie; J 1.50 quality; now yard. 1 . ..>......'. 880 the yard; now '. . . . ,.;|,. V,. . . CSo \
* ___^ ; ! : — _ : ; v
* \ 45c Ribbons 23cm Ladies' Nightgown Salem I ¦ Sale Playing Cards, j
I? Good quality »11 lilk, »atin and tiffeu Ribbon, rjfiK Th: very bcir vaIuel > n thi » '>"« that the big store hai ever given. 2i P&CltS fOf 2 5 Cm -2
g ,.o't weave', iu!uUe for neck bows and &?£& - Loti of good., plenty of itylei, all lizei. •.- ¦> -Y^ 1O oo packs of the Emporium Paying CaHi, %
J. luhes; 45c -'quaUtyj >U cohn; on o<3|^ ¦ W.? f 38c-Gowni, tucked yoke, ruffled n«k and cuff, . .... 38O red and blu, backs, finely enamrled and 9
6 ipecal wle W.-dneiday only, yard 229 O UjT 48c-Gowns fire cut), yoke of hemstitched tucki, gewn ruffle hem- , , a lit^ to '„ c^ rd on Wednet- 2
tt JJ53 ,^ ititched, ruffls on neck and cuffi 4-8O day only 2 nackn fan 25 3 n
K ~. . » .- 1 ..," ' 50c~Gownf, yoke of fine imall tucki,. hemitltched ruffle on neck and X y ' ' ' P aCK * roit *° *
K China Braakfast Plates /%llni \l'j&\ cuffi, P eari bu«o« . . . ¦ boo %
* Special To-Day 12c. . Ailfi||r «
§ CirVad Chin.— Fancy gold edge wlrh ipny ef I A I '. 73c— Empire gowns, embroidery in colar and yoke, pearl buttons, ¦ iVoW for $1O.5O. '?
g . rink, blue or vioUr newer.; W"*/; M V :f .hem.titched ruffl: on collar and cuff, ......'. P . .. J3O The final sale of the Schlttr.Z U Co. *
% inche.acro.ij 4 odo«n; Wednci-. \d ' / 79c-EmpIre style, wide collar, with embroidery and insertion, insertion Suits ourchased bv us a few weeks 'I
V toy, each. 12O V>vL' • I on yoke, embroidery ruffle on collar and cuff. 70O purchased I by US a tew wecKs «
I ffi^^/l?d>\ 8.'c— V-Neck Gowm, embroidery Inertlon, with h«mstit:h«d tucki In *gO «t 56c on the dollar. I he n ghest -j»
lj ¦ p. j £*•*» and EaBfift ArX©/^" y° ke » P e * f l buttons, embroidery ruffls on neck, collar and cuffs 81 0 g"d: of ready-to- wear Clothing, made Jf
K A very attractive line of, platino printt, on f^. " ¦»*! '" ' ' .^'' ""O^rt/^ ¦*'"*"' **"'* " '"!*"*• 'wf . ,,. ,' . * r ,. 4 ,, '
I hevy mounts, with gold bevel'd edge,, yic^^TTrUUS^f^i nWiAU+l '"^ ' H *
5» ' pastoral icenei, landscape., dog and cat tub- )<J^1bHCO Lr 1 C/ IX IV/ • UL1 CL 1 V 1 1 L \ cpportunit/, even in The Emporium. \g
g ject., together with itrong wrought iron \ , AllThU M >'' •^T— A Genuine $15.00. $17-53 and $20.00 Va uea §
J eajel which .lone 1. worth more th.n the ) P /< /* p * ™t& X^f* \? P^^ f for $I0.50-F«hionabl e unfin*hrd Wonted,, 5^
g price for the two. One p.cture and r.-el, <t \^ igdXI O Wcck—J^HT TOP Cassim.re, and fancy Wcnted., in olive -J
».], ( regularlyi S c,o™Wedne,day. . . 13o UwJSawvQ -^ —*~* brown , grayJ> grcer ;. aIj0 p!a ; fcIueJ in ' d §
tt < ¦ * ' ~ I Z !Z Z ' ~ ~ ~ "~ b'ack; handsome new jtripes, checks and
S mTmmruct 7 7a SUtn^^en Small LOtS Curtains PerCalO Salem overphid,, and also the new black and white **
• mZ,ffiy& ((/C.MWeni PriCS-Cut tO ClOSe- The be*t cloth, fuly 36 Inches wide; regular effects; all coats male with the broai .houVL-n J^
Jf Best Ranc'i E^gs— Selected stock; "Q^^^ This special ,al: for Wedm.day only— if you n^c" grade of Percales in dark sty'es for and shape-retain nj fronts, t,i:orin3 sty'e and fi
«? to-diyonlyj per dozen,. .. . B a Vjt . ne:d curtains do not fail to read theie itemi; wrapper!, etc.; also dainty, lighter effects for fit t0 P lcass the most faitidious; genuine &
5' Best Ea»(ern Lard— Pure lrtfj 3-lb. tins; to- on iale in Curuin and Upholstery Deput- waisti and childrsn'i wear; choice g% $\$.oo, J17-5 0 * n ' jZfiftt CUfH '*!
5 day. .... .' . 32O ment, main floor. At a third less than of 100 piece, to-diy, per yard . ... %tC 5io.co value, for. . .. &M93mQlS #
*{ fapolo— Enoch Morgan's; to-day, 4 bars 25o regular pric s. — ~ 1 n AtJastion £0 Schwartz "%,
ft Rlre — Fancy Carolina HekA Rice; to-day, 7 50 pairs scrim Curt ilns, with heavy ruffle, sire CH3lfi tfrXttGnnCrty btOOUSm StOClt Wo Otfcn I ft/a Woolr X
Z \ )bt ,.,.... . 50o 3 yards by 40 inches, Wednniay . . 63O 300 Battenberg Squarei and Cirdri — • Some „ , . _ . " Ju*
K Oh'rardel i'l Ground Chocolate— i-lb. tin., 30 pair, of colored bord.-red Muslin Cu tain,, circle, linen, tome all-over lace; izn of the Wen* 54.U0 Irou «rs, JZ.03-.A large line j,
£ to-day. . . ,2BO on Wdnc.d,y, pair $U89 iquare, 1 8x1 8 inche,, of the circle, ao »» *«"-•?*«« .w°" ts j PJW «;* hand.ome U
i Uneed. y BlKuUi-P« Package ..... 5O H P'™ of fine Boblnet Cumin,, heavy ruffle, Inche, diameter, regularly 7SC|_- fo i7waiV7n \«if «•,'' '" '"' " ? *
g ' ChQlcs Walnuts-Fancy, meaty, very fine, <» with Battmberg edge.on Wednesday $2.22 Wednesday . . &&C ££„*-*„ Z $2s6B fi
£ ] b , , , , , . . . ,,23o »7 pa'" Point d'Kiprt Lass Curtains, on 150 Pue Unen Mcm'e Scarfs— The 16*68, banning to-day, pair. . .. w
J ¦ • ' Wedneiday , $2.00 Inch i!*e, mltable for ildeboard, etc., good Bovj' $3.50 Drub'cBreasUd and V«t Suits *[
S; is p»'r» Pdnt d'E prlt Law Curtain., on v»'« a at 506 «eh, on Wfdnej- oo fwr $2.29 — S!»c? for ag« 6 to if year.j V
S • Li If U9rti f Wednesday. ' Wfdnnday $3.28 «J»y ¦:. ...... <&€MQ n»w i P rln« pattnn, »n4 p'enty ofpl.iutu-* >j
8 -Ktnlucky Rtlli Bourhon-A favorite whisk? — ?'^ »«»* »!•«• »•«—. «o ©a g
8 with hundr*di of our patrom, lull _. _ iili__ _ ¦¦IIHil ,,"f,, ,'.; •-'/.'.' <^* u> "*** fl
B -'> ' auart bsmlHi ipid«l't8-diy only , O&O ' -j'^T ffjO - - $5.00 Sailer Suh, $3,48 -Si*4 for »g»i y^ Q
S HeeH Vhltt Wln«-fixtrM llstl{ yi Wednesday, f^S' Jl/ f .•>•> m I0 ) h?n^°m« W«t *** thsvim, «
I ' u»r aallon . ABo *^f m mT"^* jts^L m * f' r*m JL mt mt mt at m fltgjntl/ tilmmrl (oIUh »rnl fmbrolf}er«4 \
g Holland Gln-Thi Impornd| a bo»l«d by u M en *L^fJpyJ^$/{y$^J^^ nil !\J™ >'° 9 ' SSmGG -'*
5 Cinidh" 8u°b 'whiiky'-i-' Hlrim" Willti^ A $L H BA0m\JKS ISmwV&W/B B p $20() w-|h ||or m^ $| M _ s||M , lf g
g to«l« ,' ¦ 'ft'80 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST*. 1 "^ i|« jnioynn;|0fld qwlitirt of miaru, g
f. Wlllln Whli y«And?rien Ceunty Kentucky rnv«M2ffl8S2!0f®^^^^ p«r«l«i, ind limn «r«h« u»cJ In this* iulrj| 'ij
6 Owdii iprlng of '941 ft»"y m««»j[l to^jy •aQ^S|^^SP^»* B^AM ERICA'S GRANDEST STORE, luirintwd f*« eslor, hind "^
R en'y, g<t)lon . . $2. OS "^IP" 1 " 1 ' 7^* '^¦^'*" v "7 laundered, uh pike. . . . &t*&f$ {tWiih that much by way of preface, the .representa
tive of the "Grange went directly to the issue bejore
him. "We believe," .he said, "that the lowering of
the duty on sugar would injure us and would injure
all the fanning interests of the country. I dp not
Kpcak for any special class of farmers. In-' 1890 we
shipped abroad n little over $800,000,000 worth of
products from the farms of our l cquntry,.but..in.the
DURING the hearings before* they Ways and'
Means Committee of the House on the ques
tion of lowering the tariff on Cuban, pro
ducts, there appeared among other delegations to
protest against it the legislation committee "of the
National Grange. That committee, as the' chairman*
pointed out, speaks for an organization having
branches throughout the United States and contain
ing a membership of upward of 500,000. It, is not
in any sense a partisan association, for among its.
members nre men of nil parties. It speaks for the
farming indulTry of the whole country, In begin
ning iii* eddress to the Ways and Means Commit
tee the chninnan snld: "We coma here to advocate
legislation which we believe will be to our interests
and to oppose legislation which we believe will be
against our interests,'!
AS FARMERS VIEW IT.
It is noted furthermore that the bulk of the new
immigration docs not go into the west and the
touth to build up the country, but gathers into large
cities, where it produces a congestion of the labor
market and forms an alien element difficult to absorb,
Tor these and other reasons based upon the facts, the
Immigration Restriction League is earnestly press
ing its bill upon Congress, There can be no ques
tion of the need of some measure of restriction and
Ihe one prnpm-cd certainly merits a trial.
A recent analysis of the census statistics of 1900
fchows the extent to which immigration from Ger
many. Ireland nnd Great Britain is falling off, while
that from the east and the south of Europe is in
creasing. It appears that during the decade between
1890 and 1900 the number of Germans in the United
States decreased from 2,784,894 to 2,666,990, and the
number of Irish decreased from 1,871,509 to 1,618,567.
In 1900 the population of this«country included 841,
967 English, 93,682 Welsh, 233.077 Scotch, 785,958
Canadians of British origin and 6851 Australians.
The Baltimore Sun estimates that the total of former
Mibjccts of Great Britain in the United States in
1900 was 3,876,299. The elements that have mate
rially increased in our population since 1890 arc as
follows: Italians, 484.207, an increase of 301,627;
Swedes, 573.040, an increase of 94.999; Russians, 424,
096, an increase of 241,452; Poles, 383.510, an increase
of 236,070: Austrians, 276,249, an increase of 152,978;
Bohemians, 156.991, an increase of 38,885, and Hun
garians, 145,802. an increase of 83,367.
The argument in support of the bill is based upon
the fact that very few immigrants from northern and
western Kuropc arc unable to read their own lan
guage, while those from eastern and southern Europe
*hosc coming is not desirable arc very largely il
literate, *o that the educational test would exclude
most of the objectionable immigration. During the
last three years the proportion of illiterates migrating
from western Europe was 3.6 per cent, 4.2 per cent
and 5.0 per cent. The percentage among the immi
grants from eastern Europe in the same three years
was ,37.0 per cent, JO* .'4 per cent and 4,3.2 per cent.
Tho»e factf have routed the Immigration Kefrtrie
lion League to renewed cffortu to procure frem
<- <<ii, ;i < •-¦- the enactment of a nutigfaetory restriction
law, ThcyTifk for un educational te»t. The bill pre*
I iiicd by, the lc;i|jtic nnd which they arc now urging
excludes .nil persons over is years of age nnd physi
cally capable "f rending, who cannot read the English
IthgtuTge or some other language; but an ndmissiblc
immigrai t or a person now in or hereafter admitted
to this country may bring in or send for his wife,
his children under 18 years of age, and his parents
or grandparents aver 50 years of age, if they are
otherwise admissible, whether they arc 50 able to
lead or not.
SINCE J&>8 the total annual immigration into
the United States has more than doubled. In
that year it wi» 2^9,^99, while laet year it was
4$7,<jift, As is well known, the character of the im
migration has been tlmnging for the worse, and we
have been receiving an increasingly large proportion
of illiterate)!. In 180H the proportion of what may
be termed "undesirable immigrants" was 57 per
cent, but !¦<¦! year the immigration of that » U~^
.¦'mounted to nearly (*) per cent.
IMMIGRATION RESTRICTION.
Such is the Democratic situation. Mr. Hill's plat
form does very well for New York, but neither the
West. nor the South look upon it with favor. As a
matter, of fact Democracy as at present organized i§
out of date. It has no harmony upon any phase
of the vital issues of the time. So long ns it. remains
as it is it can accomplish nothing. No platform can
finite, if, no leader; can lead it ¦ •
. Upon the, question of regulating combinations,
there are evidences of djsagrecment. Some of the
leading Southern oppose, any such legisla
tion. The Louisville Courier, Journal for example
recently presented a striking series of figures show
ing the benefits accruing to railways and to the
country by consolidations, It says: "In 1891,
twenty-six railroad companies went into bankruptcy;
in 1896, thirty-two roads; in 1897, seventy-four roads,
nnd so on up to and including iqoi, when in all 230
railroad systems had become bankrupt, with a mile
age of 58,563 miles and a total cnpltnlixntion of $g,J
26,1,680,000, ' The history of those times need not be
dwelt siipon, Suffice it to say that, by means of re
organisation and consolidation the roads were ; once
more placed upon their' feet, and by the community
of 'interest' plan rates were given stability and busi
ness became profitable."'
The money question, however, is not the only
feature of the Hill platform which will provoke dis
cord in the party ranks. The demand for the ex
tension jof the constitution and free trade to the
Philippines will not be supported by a good many
of the Southern Democrats. Senator Forakcr's
amendment to the Philippine tariff bill reducing the
Dinglcy duties was opposed by no less' than seven
teen Democratic Senators who with twenty-nine Re
publicans made up the majority that rejected it. If
those men arc opposed to a 50 per cent reduction in
duties that protect Southern agriculture /rom Phil
ippine competition, they are not likely to support
complete free trade either with those islands or'with
other countries. . . y .'
That statement clearly discloses an intention on
the part of the silver champion to renew the money
issue nt the meeting of the next convention of his
party, and while he is now too .discredited to have
any chance of a rcnomination, it is by no means cer
tain that he cannot make a winning fight so far as
reaffirming 'the silver platform is concerned, and he
may even be strong enough to determine who shall
be the party candidate.
When questioned about the platform proposed by
Hill, Mr. Bryan said he had not yet read the speech,
but thnt it is ns yet toe early to formulate platforms.
He ndded! "The Kansas City platform will be reaf
firmed and the party will also present such other
questions as the time and, the public welfare dictate.
Those who supported Mr. McKinley, the foremost
apostle of the high tariff doctrine, will find it difficult
to make the public believe that they regard the tariff
as an important question. The Democratic party oc
cupies the position on this question that it has for
years past, but it is not likely, in my opinion, to be
the paramount issue in the near future."
Reduced to its simplest expression Hill's plntform
proposes nn abandonment of the silver question, and
the substitution of tariff reform as the chief issue of
the camppign, adding to it ft 'demand that the con
stitution should follow the flag and that legislation
should be enacted in reitraint of combinations of
capital threatening the general welfare. Short as
that creed is, there is little prospect 'that the Demo
cratic parly ng nt present constituted can be united
upon it, There are Democrats who are still for free
silver, others who are opposed to tariff reductions,
and Mil! others who arc not in favor of any kind of
political tinkering with the industrial development
which has brought about the great cdrporatlons of
the time.
ONLY a few days have elapsed since David
Bennett Hill made, before the Manhattan
Club in New York* his plea for Democratic
harmony and offered a platform upon which he
deemed it possible for harmony to be brought about;
but short as is the time, it has been ample for the ap
pearance of objections in various quarters and for a
new demonstration of discord in the party ranks
upon almost every issue of importance now before
the country. ,
DEMOCRATIC DISCORD.
Mr. Wells is not a dogmatist. In the lecture in
which he made this suggestion of the coming of a
new race he told his. audience that every man has a
right to be his own prophet, so those who do not like
to believe that man will be eventually succeeded by
a higher race who will treat him as we treat monkeys
may believe something else. The field of the future
is wide. There is room for alj the prophets. ,.
Mr. Wells went on, however, to point out that there
is another factor in the problem, a factor 'which repre
sents an unknown quantity, which cannot be calcu
lated nnd which may change the whole course of
events. It is in dealing with this factor that he is
most interesting. He suggests that the human race
is not the final and highest form of being that is to
live on the earth. Exactly as man developed from
the lower animals, so there may be a higher animal
evolve frcm man. This new development, he says,
may come at any time, and we may even npw note
around us evidences of a deliberate improvement in
the blood- and the brain of men. In truth, says Mr.
Wells, it is quite possible to. believe that all the past
history of man is but a beginning of something that
is yet to come; all that the mind has accomplished is
but a dream before the awakening; we arc creatures
of the twilight; and the man of the full splendor of the
day is yet to be evolved out of the sufferings of the
race that now exists.
Qt nil the forecasters of the day II, G, Wells, holds
the foreniofrt place by reason of the fact thai Im has
written n'ore entertainingly nnd more scientifically
Hi. in any of his competitor*. Mo/cover, he Advances
by far the moat interesting theory, Iri a recent Icje
ture lii London on "The Discovery of the 'Aiture," lie
{irgued that within certjrin qualifications nnd llmltB*
lions u working knowledge of the developments of
the future i* quite possible to human reason. Wo
have now n fairly comprehensive knowledge of the
forces in operation upon society, we can estimate with
an approach to accuracy their mutual action and re
action upon one another, nnd we have also a good
understanding of the ' human material! upon which
those forces arc to operate; therefore, if men of first
class ability should undertake to reason out the future
of any particular race they would probably approxi
mate the truth.
In the old times the prophets claimed to speak by
divine inspiration. Later on they professed to fore
cast the future through philosophical reasoning. In
our time the prophets speak* in the name of science,
nnd even when they nre not themselves scientists
they use the forms of scientific argument and base
their prediction* upon truth* which have been icien
tifteally demonstrated.
DESPITE the known futility of.all speculations'
or guesses at the future of the human race,
men are* never weary of them,. From the
carliest*agcs of which we have any record down to
our own time there have been prophets of woe of, of
bliss concerning the coming .time, and for every
prophet ' there has been an attentive and \ interested
audience.
THE FUTURE OF MAN.
Tflgphonr l»ren» HOii
eDITOHIAIi moomn. . ..TuYt <o wui H(ev«Bien !!•
Trlr|ilin»»« !•?*•• BUB.
PIHRln I .tlilro, f| T'l-Ml*.
7#ruN iir mbi.Ii iufiudiHff t»umfl«r«i
fiAftif •*' t, (Ineltidlfig ruiniRj), 6H» »"Br......,.i..i,.|H.M)
i"ii.T CkiJi tlhpluilht Piim.i<iv>, A ih-ihiih. ............. 1,69
PAIhT I'Al.J. (tn. IiHIiir Pni..!nr). B tn. ulhii. ............. l.M
PAll.r CAt,l>-nr Bl(i«l# Month...,,.... ................ AM
n-KHAT CAL.U OH» MhnuiiiiiMiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiii 1.M
"KEKlil CALU Om Mriiiii.niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinni 1.00
All postinasiprM nri> nutlinrlted to rreelv*
¦ubscrliitlonii.
p«jt j > coolei will 1* forwarded when nqueited.
M«J! rabscrlrwr* In or<J»rln« rhatiK* of «ddr««« ahnuld t«
partlmUr to riv» both NRW AND OL.D AUintrpa In ordtr
te ltunir* a prompt ana correct compliance with their nquitt
oak lam) oryicn ins nroadwnr
C. GROnUIS KIlORKRHIt.
U m ttgtt TtrtlgB Atrtrtiilng, K»r?n»ttt DnlHlaj. OMtaf*.
<L*irc Dlstanc* Telephone "Central 2019.")
NEW T011K COIinE8PONDCNTJ
C. C. CAJILTON .Ilrrnld Square
% NEW TOIIK nnPnESENTATIVE:
PTnninx l». 0MITH 3O Trlbnne Oalldlnir
NEW TOnK NEWS STANDS 1
WtJdorf-AMoiia Hotel; A. Drtntano, 81 Union Square;
Wurrmx Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS \
Cfcermaa Hour*: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
rrrroont Xlousa; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIxr.TOV (D. C.) OFFICE). . . .1400 O St., 5. W.
i MORTON I!. C'ltAM:, Correapondent.
BRAKCII OFFICES— C2T Montsomery. corner of Clay, open
until O:SO o'clock. SOO Hares, open until 9:80 o'clock. 033
McAilUtw, cp™ until S:30 o'clock. 010 Larkln, opes until
e-.DO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, come* Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, op«n until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twentr-s«cond and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 FlUmor*, open until 9 p. m.
NICOBAR SAVAGES HAVE QUEER
"ANGELS" TO WARD OFF DISEASE
archipelago, to buy cocoanuts, and trie
natives show great curiosity In regard to
whatever they find on board. In ex
chanso for their cocoanuts* they receive
knives, cloth, guns, ammunition, tobac
co, cutlasses and rum. Also they set a
high value upon plated spoons and soup
ladles, which they hang up in their
houses as ornaments.
Many attempts have been made to col
onlzo the Nlcobar Islands, but without
success.' owing to tho deadly malarial
fever which prevails. For the samo rea
son mfsslonary efforts have failed, and
the only record of evangelical effort la a
solitary bible, owned by a man who uses
it as a pillow, regarding it as a fetich.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
JURORS' FEE3— A. S.. Cufteya Cove,
Cal. Jurors in the courts that try crim
inal cases In San Francisco are now paid
as Jurors in civil cases are.
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION-L. C. B.,'
Oakland. ' As yet no agent has been
named in San Francisco to act on behalf
of the St. Louis Exposition, called tha
Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
COPPER OP.E-E. L. W., Phllo, Ca!.
For such information as you desire on
the subject of copper ore address a let
ter of Inquiry to the State Mining Bu
reau In thla city, Ferry building.
CERTIFICATION— E. C, Valley Center,
Cal.^ Neither Justice of the Peace nor
Notary can certify that ha appeared be
fore himself and verify an acknowledg
ment on a deed In a case where he i >
tha purchaser.
A JlOMKflTRAD, KTO.-E. C. VftllB/
Center, Cat, Under the lawa of Ciillfornl*
the hiiabnnd cannot rllspnae nf tha h'imf •
stead without the written consent of the
wife. Any other pommunliy property he
may dlapono of without her consent.
MJMIU3R YARPfl-1?, K., Vftllejo, Car, %
In th«? flanslflprl pnrt<nf the fluri I»*rancl»*^
ro directory you will find n list of alt the
lumber yarria ami dentem In ftan Franctaen,
You will find a lint nf t im yards ami deal
ers In Oakland In tha directory of that
city.
Ftfitf NI2TiJ~J. 11.. I'ltftfl. Cal. flalm*
iifil In tho Wiit> r* of thn llt.it.. to nttch
salmon, nhnd, bnmt or nturRann ithnlf hnto
the meMhm, when drawn tight, not !¦¦¦ t
than seven nnd one-half Inchen In length.
Tho *nmn applies to net, drag net and
LOTTERIES- W. O., City, and A. I*
C, HaywardB, Cal. Thin department does
not publish Information an to the relia
bility of lotteries. If you have reason to
believe that certain parties are engager!
in the selling of either genuine or bogus
lottery tickets, mako complaint to the
police. ¦*•;,'
LADY LENNOX- A. 8., City. The lat
est Insue of the peerage shows that there
are two persons In England known as
Lady Lennox— one the widow of 81r W.
O. Lennox (Susan Hay, noo Sinclair),
and the other the wlfo of Lord Walter
Charles Gordon Lennox, who married
Elizabeth Alico Grant, and is called Lady
Walter Gordon Lennox.
TWO ARMIES-J. L.; City. The •tangl
ing army of Ucrmany Is irlven n.i C7d,ec8
rank and flic, and that of Franco 'l.".,Di;u.
to which the departments ot Algeria and
Tunis being added, and these depart
ments form part of the French army,
the number Is C08,7C3. There are no fig
ures obtainable) in this city showing the
standing army of each of these nations
In the colonies and dependencies. On i
war footing the force of Germany Is
5,673,873 and that of France Is 5.1S5.877.
PRESIDENTS AS MASONS—Subscri
ber, CufTeys Cove. Th« live* ot the Prest.
dents of the United States do not sho*
that all were Freemason*. Washington?
Jackson, Johnson, Qarfleld and McKlnley
were members of the fraternity. Prest*
dent Roosevelt became a Freemason
about two years ago, being Initiated In
a lodgo at Oyster Bay, L. 1. If you desiro
to know If the Chief Justice of the United
States and each of tho Associate Justicen
belong to any fraternal organizations you
will have to write to each.
INTESTATE— S.. Los Angeles, Cal. If
a man dies without leaving a will ami
there survive a wife and five children
one-third of the property he may leavn
will go to the wife and the remain!-^;
two-thtrds will be divided in equal shariS
among the children. When a person dleH
intestate the Public Administrator taken
charge of the estate, but the person In
interest may upply for another admlnis-.
trutor. This department cannot say'whut
proportion of the estate would go to law
yers In the form of fees. Tho law per
mits an estate of the value of $1500 to he
settled within four months; when Its
value uxceeds that sum, ten montna. Tha
settlement of an estate often depends up*
en tho condition in which it Is left. If
there ha no compllcatlona it can be at.
tied In tha time prescribed.
»:x. utrong hoarhounii e;»n<1y, Townsend'a.*
Cat glaee fruit ''>•¦ i»-r Ib at Towna«nd'i.*
Tewneenrt's ttaiifotnitt slues fruits, We a
pound, In nrp'ttti'hPd hox«» or Jap, fcas*
k^ttt. A nlt!« pr»*ont for KtiNtern frtand*.
•.:.!» M.nli-i *t., i'tti.t. .. t ir.t.'i building. *
¦ m i
jipi'iiiil Inforrnntlon Muiiptled dntly to
littalncHrt l>.w--..-~ nri'i |,ni.ii.' men by th*
Pr» B.a ' 'lii'i'l't; l'.tii'«nu (Allm'H), filD Motu*
Komery street. Telephone Malu 1041 *
If It weren't for tho poor little mlrrnhps
the doctor would have to nx the blamo
elsewhere.
The Kavtna; of a few cents on s> bottle of Vav
nllU Extract. will not atone for annoyance .jfc,
having dessert "Just a llttla of!" In flavor.
Always buy Duxnctt'a, tha stanJard quality.
This is the sword that Jenkins refused, because the
Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina recalled the
bid to the President the same to present to that rider
rough, in spite because he withdrew the bid to dine*
with the Prince, on account of the blows on Till
man's nose that followed the shy at McLaurin's eye
that Tillman took upon the defi that McLaurin threw
at the lie that Tillman told.
This is the bid to the President. Jenkins' sword to
present, recalled by the Lieutenant Governor of
South Carolina, to spite the President for withdraw
ing the bid to dirie with the Prince, on account of
the blows on Tillman's nose that followed the shy
at ' McLaurin's eye upon the defi that McLaurin
threw at the lie that Tillman told.
This is the bid to dine with the Prince, withdrawn
by the President after the blows on Tillman's nose
that followed the shy at McLaurin's eye that Till
man took upon the Ocfi that McLaurin threw at the
lie that Tillman told.
These arc the blows on Tollman's, nose that fol
lowed the shy at McLaurin's eye that Tillman took
upon the defi that answered the lie that Tillman told.
This is the shy at McLaurin's eye that Tillman
took upon the defi that answered the lie that Till
man told.
This is the lie that Tillman told.
This is McLaurin's deft, thrown at the lie that
Tillman told. 7, V;
While the affair ha§ §erlou§ a§peeti, it hai a
liumbreui thread running through it, spun out ef
the srij.Misncss with which the§e twe TIHmani take
themselves* They don't comprehend at all, that the
contempt in which they are held is mitigated only
by the disposition to laugh at their gasconading and
make fun of their vulgar swashbuckling. They have
set in motion a" scries of events that may be put in
thc-housc-that-Jack-built form, in order to present
each in its sequence: Let this be the record made
by the successor of Haync and Calhoun, of Hampton
and Butler: t ••
Tim- last art in the last 1 .Senatorial drama, lias
been MiiijiMi and tin: curtain rung down. Hough
Ki'l'i Miijor Miiiili Jenkins, to i. whom the
rrwident had been invited. to preient a sword, re=
h\m to receive the weapon at all, because Liiuten*
ant Governor Tillnian hai recalled the invitation to
Prfgident Hoo§evelt to make the preientation, UtMi=
tenant Governor Tillman announced that he did thi§
to avenge the Tillman family upon the President for
taking back the Senator'i invitation to dine. with
Prince Henry beeau§@ of th§ brutal exhibition h§
made in the Senate. ,' '' \
THE REJECTED SWORD,
To the specious plea of "charity for Cuba," the
argument of the farmers was simple. "We believe
that charity should begin at home. We should first
take care of our, own people and then consider the
welfare of the peoples of other countries.'" When
asked if the Grange had taken action upon the ques
tion, the reply of the chairman was: "Not upon
this specific matter, but upon the broad ground I
have stated it stands as a unit." Then, came the
question: "Do the free trade farmers think we ought
to make an exception in favor of farm products?"
To that the Grange delegate replied promptly and
pithily: "The free trade farmers think that while
protection is the policy of, the Government they
should have their share of it. They are not fools
enough to object to that." '
Such arc the views of farmers on the reciprocity
question. Whether protectionists or free traders on
general principles they are as a unit against a scheme
that would admit foreign farm products free of duty
while granting protection to other " interests. The
reciprocity schemers will do- well to take note of
the fact. The farmers are not fools.
It i* to be noted that the representatives ef the
Grange did Hot speak solely for the sugar growing
industry, nor, as special representatives of that inter
est. The chairman saldt "I 'do not raise any sugar
beets— have no interest in nny sugar factory. I speak
for the general interests of the farmers erf the lanll,
and for the general prosperity of the country.. If we
can get some of the farmers to diversify their crops
and withdraw from the grain growing and from the
stock raising business, to some extent, and engage
in growing sugar beets, it would 1 reduce competition
and be to the best interests of all. I also believe that
this Government should foster the industry of agri
culture as it fosters and encourages other industries
of this country."
That i§:g@iind pr@teetive doetrine. It i§ in fuel the
only principle upon whieh a pretfitive tariff ean be
maintained am@ng g fre@ people wh§f§ eaeh ha§ a
right to veti, Any echeine §f granting preteetlen to
§peelal itiiereiti and pfeetifing mgrketi abread by
denying preteetlon te ether lndu§trie§ is bound to
generate §ueh di§§atlifaetleii beeau§e of its iujiutiee
a§ te lead te a fevelt against sueh protection a§ re=
iiiniiio, Our laws must be equal, it i§ either free
trade for all op pfotcetion (of nil.
b.'uni! year we shipped into this country of all other
jigricultural products nearly $400,000,000 worth, or
nearly half as mucji.'ai we shipped abroad. Now we
dfTnot be||uv§ tlmt i«* for the best intereBU of our
fsrm§r§ or for the boat inter§§ti of the : nation* We
believe that every produet that i§ neeeiiary for our
con§tiinption which it i§ ponible to grow upon our
loll ihould be grown by our own peopli."
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALT^i WEDNE^bAY, MARCH 5, -11)013.
"No wohder somo of those, enthusiastic
Tcxans call their State -an earthly para
dlBe."—Cle^lund 1'laln Dealer. v
"There tiro forty counties In Texas
where they haven't n single lawyer."
"Oh, I Imiirepsed It on hl« mind rnther
forcibly the night ho enmo home so lute
from tho Hickenlooper stng party,"—
(Jlovelttnd l^litlii Denier.
"It's HtruiiKe thitt yeur husbttnti knew
jiint whnt to get you for it ChrlHtmnn
clft."
I3dgn^-» I'oohl I've been with them; they
nlwiiyM begin on 'books, but Noon get to
tftlklim nbout Homethlng B«ed to etU.«=De
trolt Kree i'ress. "
JSmlllne=Il0W I should like to overhear
the eonvenwtlon of severnl highly Intel
leetunl jnen,
"Good Ideal If there's anything In a
name It will be full ail the tlme.'Whlla.
delphln Press. t ,
"Ha has given it his own name."
"Your friend Colonel Kalntuck has
opened a now hotel,"
. "That »o? What does he call It?"
"It depends on what you are talking
about," answered the weary looking man
from New York; "the tariff or the police
department."— Washington Star.
"You believe in protection, do you not?"
said the man who Is always looking: for an
argument. •
Moral: Going backward Is sometimes
the quickest way. to reach the desired
destination.— Judge.
"You may bo right," said the # travelen
"but I am started this way no'w, and I
guess I will keep going on in tho same
direction for a few weekB, anyway. I
don't like to turn back once my hand Is
at the plow." . .
"Sure thing," said the farmer. "Re
verse tho current nml you will save, time
—though you will ultimately reach Bad
Axe If you keep strulght ahead, as the
world Is certainly round."
."Do you mean that I am going the
wrong way?" asked tho traveler incredu
lously.
"Well," said tho farmer, "If you keep
going that way it is about 11,000 miles.
If you turn and go tho other way it is
about six."
A traveler on a country road accosted a
furmor at work in a Hold and asked:
"How far is It to tho Vlllugo of Bad
Axo7" ; .:•: ,rv>t
j "Stopl" said his Lordship; "If it strlkos
1 that Is tho hour for luncheon, and tho
court must* adjourn."
And tho court Instantly adJourned.—Tlt-
Bits.
A wlndbng of a barrister was noted for
a peculiarity In speaking; ho never spoko
without using, over tyul over again, tha
words, "It strikes ,ono." There came h
time when tho habit passed from him,
and this wiih how It camo about. Rising
to'spouk for hln client, ha said: "M-lud,
it utrllu.-H one, in revlowlng tho evidence
A (EHANCE TO SMILE.
WASHINGTON, March .4.— The follow-
Ihg nnmnd , Calif ornlnns have arrived at
the hotels: Wlllard— Ix^uis D. Btono and
wife, C. C. Moore' anil wife; Raleigh— J.
H. Goldman, J, 13. Curtln; Arllngton-J.
H. Mlllan, J. M. Scott, W. 11. Clark. All
of San Francisco.
Cullfoi nlaiin In Woihlngton.
V. A. nurrell of Brooklyn, who hns
been vlnltlntf Southern California with' hie
fnmlly, In at the t'ttlnee.
V, A, Nnsle, Street Cleaning Commli-
Kloner of Now York find n, member of
Tnnutmny. U nt the l'nlttce.
It. Van ilrunt, n Nnw York club man,
arrived yestcrdny nnd In at Ilia l*alac«.
ii" Is on his wiiy tn Southern Oregon to
iiiHpei'i Pimm mining ckilms.
C.'Adolph Low, ft retired merchant of
New York, In at the 1'alnee, accompanied
by his wife.
i?, W. Smith ef Dakergfleld, whe is
largely Interested In the ell buelnegB, in
at ih>< •iniii'i.
O. A, MpElfresh, high chief, ranger of
the Foresters ef America, Is at the
Grand,
Raphael Welll leaves to-day for the
East.
Peter Musto of Stockton is at the
Grand.
Dr. D. Smith of LIvermore Is at the
Grand.
Isidore Blsslnger of Portland, Or., is at
the Palace. }
W. F. George, a Sacramento attorney,
Is at tho Lick.
J L. Iludner, an attorney of Holllster,
Is at the Lick.
Willis Pike, a real estate man of Fresno,
is at the Grand.
P. George Low, a mining man of Shasta
County, is at the Palace.
John Fennel! , a fruit grower of Tehama
County, Is at the Pnlnce.,
Colojj»l E, A. Forbes, an attorney of
MarytJViile, is at tho Grand.
R, M, Green, a drufiffflflt and mining man
of Oroville, Is at the Liek.
Bert Behletilnger returned yesterday
from nn extended tour of the Enst.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It might be imagined by an unlnstr'uct
ed person that those were fantastic dolls;
but the fact Is that they ure votivo offer
ings made by the Nlcobar savages to
ward off disease and bad luck. For this
purpose they are kept in the houses, and
Archipelago. They are carved
out of wood, arc from three to' six feet
high and quite unlike anything In tho
way of Images that was ever seen hero
before. All are elaborately painted; some
represent strango birds, and one very
largo effigy scorns to bo a mermaid. ' •
A WHOLE nock of winged angels
has descended upon tho National
Museum at Washington, being
newly arrived from tho Nlcobar
The Nicobarese are extremely Imita
tive, and the Images they make, when
not counterfeiting birds or other animals,
fcro likely to be Intended for likenesses
of people who visit the islands from
rfar. Many trading vessels stop at tho
of the efflgy from harm,
It seems that If a gentleman of Nlco
bar is seriously 111 the most Important
measure he adopts with a view to rocov
ory la to make an Imago of some sort.
Tho object to bo represented Is chosen
almost at random, apparently. It may
be a chicken, or a man, or a lizard, but
it must be of considerable size. Once
finished it affords a tenement for a spirit,
whoso business it is to defend the owner
U In not uncommon to see three or four
auch lmngcs nankins from the celllnir of
a native hut, protecting the Inmates from
ell sort* of mlHhnp*.
Hitherto very little hns been known
cbout the Nlcobar Inland*,' which are In
tho bay of Bengal* but Dr. W. L. Ab
bott, the famous explorer, vUltcd them
lecontly nnd made an exhaustive ¦?.udy
of tho people. It wbb he who acnt to
WttBhlngton tho "angels" nnd other quc*-r
cfflfflcH rcferrtd to, nnd with them he
forwarded n most Interesting account of
their meaning and of the sources from
f whlch the aboriginal sculptors derive
their inspiration.
ROMK QlIEEn 1MAOK9 OF NICOMAH
NAT1VKS WHICH ARR TALISMANS
AGAINST DISEASES.
HOTEl* Dfik COltONADO, choicest Winter
Resort in th« world, offeri best living, clltnat*,
boating, bathing, fishing and most amuse
ments. E. B. Babcock, manager, CorunaJo. Cal.
at tho residence of the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins, 2000 Cali
fornia street. Miss Frances Hopklnn, a
sister of the bride, will act as maid of
honor and Bcward McNear will be best
iniin. The bridesmaids are Miss Carrio
Tuylor.'Mlss Bcsslo McNear. Miss Tho
reso Morgnn and Miss Kdlth McBean.
Tho ushers comprise Harry N. Stetson,
Alfred II. WUcox. II. Poett and II. Slmp
klns. "-'•: •-: ¦•¦ '
Mlsa Catherine Glass will Rive an In
formal tea to-day at her home on Yerba
Mil rim Island. The Government tug Muc
Dowell will convey the guests to and from
the island during the afternoon. Tho tea
Is given In honor of Miss Casey, who Is
a daughter of Admiral Casey, U. S. N.
Miss Mlla I.ally and Henry Lund Jr.
will be married this evening at 0 o'clock.
They will have a very pretty home wed
ding at 1816 Pacific avenue, the residence
of the brldo'a parents, Mr. and Mrs. II.
,T. Lit 11 y. About 200 guests are expected
and are looking forward to a delightful
evening.
Miss Belle Richards gave a very do
lightful dinner party at the Granada
Hotel on Monday evening in honor of
Miss Emma Reid, who will leave shortly
for her Eastern home. The table deco
rations were pink and green. Dainty sou
venir cards tied with pink and green rib
bons were presented to each guest.
Among- those present were:
Mm. Richards, Miss Flo Allen, W. A. Baker,
Miss Busle Locan, A. W. Fields, Miss Bessie
Cullen, O. F. Archer, Mlsa May Archer, R. II.
Fischer, Mils Belle Rtchards, Mr. Horton, Mlaa
K, Reid and I.. 11. Richards.
• ,• •
The engagement la announced of Mlaa
Jennie Bturk to Henry O. Leffmann, Miss
Murk Is quite prominent in Native
Daughter circles, being president of i*m
Torraaos Parlor, while Mr. Leftmann
IhiIiIh u responsible position with the
WiHiiiii HiiKiir Heflnlng Company at tli"
J'otrero, The mnrrlnge will tako plate
shortly iifit-r ISnHteiS
Miss Georglna Hopkins and Frederick
McNcar will bo tho principals at an elab
orate homo wedding at high noon to-day
Mrs. Herman Oelrlchs was guest ot
honor at a pretty luncheon given by Mrs.
George A. Pope at her residence. Pacific
avenue and Devlsadero street, yesterday.
The table was decorated elaborately with
tullpa, and the effects produced were most
artistic. Everything was perfectly ap
pointed and the guests were hospitably
entertained. Those present ware:
Mn. Herman Oelrlch«, Mn. Horace Blanch
ard Chase. Mrs. Beverly MaeMonagle. Mrs. Ed
ward Moore Itoblnson of Philadelphia, Mrs.
Florence Popo Frank, Mrs. Mountford 8. Wil
son, Mrs, William II. Crocker, Mrs. Joseph U
Grant, Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs, Francis J.
Carolan and Mrs^ J. Downey Harvey.
A theater party was given Monday
evening at the Columbia by Mr. Harrv
M. Holbrook. A dainty iupper was en*
Joyed after the performance. The gueata
of Mr. Holbrook were;
Mlnrra i!id.« ttn.1 Lillian Hpreekeln, Mm.
Samuel Knight, Mice Aitnat.ia Murphy, MJrs
llrriti.fc I'.illieeir, MUi Klnrrii.a J.ipselvn, tha
Mi»^a i,«ii.i ef Park Allan hi. John Bawla,
Dr, Harry L. Tevls, Frank Le» ©wen, Orrln
lv, i,. John C. Wilson, Charles N. F«Uen Jr.
ami Augustus It, t'ditlaan.
Mn. Henry T, Bcott gave it small tea
at her residence, Monday afternoon, Mr*.
Mini Mis* MeClenehan of Washington
were guests of honor, Tho decoration*
were very simple, consisting of foliage
iimi cut flowers. Thn afternoon was very
ploannntly spent and many callers were
received,
iMi-f*. a. \v. rhllllps wns hostess at a
pretty luncheon a few days ago. Tho dec
orations were In grcon, and an abundanco
of follnge was arrnnged with artistic and
pleasing effects. Thoso present were:
J Mrs. Walter B. Dean, Mrs. A. N. Town«,
Mm. Horact Davli, Mrs.- William II. Mill*.
Mm. ft M. Mann. Mm. 8. W. Wood. Mm. J.
Goodwin, 21m. £3. II. Fond. Mm. U S. Dee.
Yonterday wan the day let for the mar
riage of Charlea S. Mortimer and Miss
Helen Jones Hopkins, both of Portland.
They have many friends In this city who
will shower them with ftood wishes.
SOCIETY DOES
NOT LACK FOR
ENTERTAINMENT
Count Jloni Cartellane has advised the United
States to buy the Panama- canal, and he probably
think? we have money enough to buy every sort of
thing the French wish to sell, from impecunious
counts to bankrupt enterprises.
The Honorable "Joe" Terrell, who is stumping
Georgia for the purpose of getting the Democratic
nomination for Governor, «iid in n speech the other
day: "I sin no i»c»*lmUt, When two evil* are pre
sented 1 never take them both'." It is evident that
while Mr. Terrell, may not be n statesman, he is a
philosopher who deserves notice.
6
Mrs. Churlen Stopper*! ef N«w York,
who wnt* Miss KvHyii Henry nf ftorkelny
ttmi her sinter, Ml»§ AurHiu i i« nrv , ,,r
Uerkeley, were gut*!* of honor At n box
lutrty nt the Wnltiorf-Aitorla nmi after*
wind nt tin- Metropolitan Opera-house
given by their unele, Horace Henry, a
Bputtle (Wash,) capttHllet, en "i'rlnce
Henry night." Amon« thona present w°re
Me«t»rs. Kdward and raul liarwood of
Los Angeles.
AUCTION SALES.
By J. J. Doyle — Thursday. March C,- at 11 o'clock, witcnts
of Ftableg. at MG Mlecion street. ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "The Serenade."
Central— "The Last Stroke."
Alcatar— "At the White Horse Tavern/*
Columbia — "A^rlrona."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houoe — "A Contented Woman."
Fischer's Theater— "The French Maid."
California— "Hupert of Hentzau."
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«vfnlnR.
Metropolitan Hall — Ml** Leonora Jackson, Friday night.
Metropolitan Hall — Emma Nevada, Saturday afternoon.
Wocdwanl'i Pavilion — Winter Clrcu».
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. '''¦' ¦¦¦*"' ' '• 'j".BRITISH SHIP THAT WAS AL
MOST WRECKED DURING
SATURDAY'S STORM.
Water Front Notes.
The steam whaler Jeanette will s'tart on
her bone and blubber cruise next Satur
day. The whole fleet will be ready for
sea in about ten days.
The police have been asked to locate
Chief Electrician Larry O'Rourke of the
transport Hancock, who 13 said to have
been missing since last Thursday.
The cargo of the wrecked steamship
KnlRht Companion has been sold for
$18,900. . . . ..-••¦
The pilot-boat Lady Mine will be ready
for sea "to-morrow. Repairs of damage
done by Saturday night's gale will cost
about' ?700.
The new barkentine Koko Head left yes
terday for Eureka in tow of the tug De
fiance. At Eureka she will load lumber
for Manila. '
A' rock scow belonging to Walter Hack
ett and which broke adrift at Hunters
Point in Saturday night's storm was yes
"terday picked up at Bay Farm Island.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5.
Sun rises 6:36
Sun sets 6:07
Moon rises 3:22 a. m.
a Time Time Time Time
b Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L W H W L W H W
r "(M5 "To 6^48 4.6 i:4T ~<U "o1o5 T.I
5 1:30 3.0 7:45 4.7 2:31 0.6 9:44 4.3
6 2:30 2.0 S:35 4.8 3:12 0.5 10:19 4.6
7 3:15 2.C 9:23 5.0 3:50 0.4 10:46 4.0
8 8:88 2.2 10:10 5.1 4:30 0.6 11:17 . 6.0
9 4:3S» 1.8 10:57 5.2 B:OJll 0.7111:45 6.1
10 5:22 1.4111:451 5.2 r. : +7{ 1.01 t...
H W H- Wl |H W IL W
11 0:15 5.11 6:03| 1.1|12:33| 5.01 G:25 1.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides .are Riven .in the left
band colifmn, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the laet tide of the.
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the Eoundtngs of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sJcn precedes the height, and then the number
given la subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
SALMON— Receipts of Salmon at San Fran
cisco by water In February were 0474 cases and
247 packages, the bulk of which came from
the State of Washington. The exports during
the month were 12.S11 cases and 5'J packages.
LUMBER— The receipts of Lumber at this
port during the month of February were as
follows: From California, 12.02tf,000 feet, and
from Oregon and Washington." 11,008.000 feet,
making the total receipts during the month
24.024.000 feet. The exports during tho month
were 1,602,903 feet, of which 488.000 feet was
6hlpped as dunnage for the grain fleet.
Lumber and Salmon" Trade.
cleared yesterday for the same port, with bC,9o3
ctls wheat, valued at_ $76,075. and 20,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $300.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, March 4.
Stmr Iaijua, Gunderson, 37 hours from San
Pedro. (
Stmr San Jose, Brown, 26 days 23 hours 17
minutes from' Panama, etc.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 55 hours from Coo«
Bay. • •
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 3S hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick. davs from
Portland, via Coos Bay, and from Eureka 2T
hours.
Stvnr Coos Bay. Gielow, CO hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, 6S hours from New
port and way ports.
Ship Sintram. Wlrschullet, 22 days from
Everett.
Schr tVcmpe Bros, Asv>e, 29 days from Bal
lard. via Port Angeles 25 days.
Schr John G North, Seastrom, 10 days from
Port Gamble.
Schv Barbara Hernster, Benedlktcn, 40 hours
from Eureka.
CLEARED
. , .Tuesday, v March 4.
Stmr State of California, Thomas", San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins * Co.
Fr bark General de Bolsdiffr. 1 . Maco, Queens
town; Girvln & Eyre.
Br bork Pomona, Crosby, Queenstown; J J
Moore & Co. , «...
Bktn Koko Head, Lewis, Eureka and Manila;
The Charles Nelson Co.
SPOKEN,
SAILED.
Monday, March 3.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Tuesday, March 4.
Stmr Iaaua,, Gunderson, Gfays Harbor.
Stmr GlDsy. Swanson, Santa Cruz. ¦
Schr Etta B, Campbell. Point Reyes.
Stmr Geo Loomls. BrldRCtt, Ventura.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Celia. Adler, Albion.
Tug Deilancs, Shaw, Eureka, with bktn Kotej
Head li tow.
Ship C F Sargent, Gammons, Astoria.
Br ship Flintshire, Cooper, Queenstown.
Bktn Koko Head (new), Lewis, Eureka, in
tow tus Defiance.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, Willapa Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC,
Feb 15, lat 8 N. Ion' 28 W — Fr bark Jane
Gulllop, from Shleld3, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS. March, 4, 10 p m — Weather'
hazy; wind NE, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 4 — Schr Ivy, for
San Francisco. . .
REDONDO — Arrived March 4 — Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka. March 3 — Stmr Acme;
Irom Astoria.
To sail March 4 — Stmr Melville Dollar, for
San Francisco. .
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived March 4r— Br
Btmr Tamar. from Callao.
Passed in March 4 — Stmr Czarina, hence
Feb 28, for Seattle.
Arrived .March 4 — Nor stmr Horda, from
Shimoncaekt.
• TACOMA — Sailed March 4 — Schr Zajnpa, for
San Pedro: Br shl» Robert Duncan, for
Queenstown.
Arrived March 4 — Stmr Al-Ki, from Skag-
Arrlved March 3 — Br stmr Claverlnjt, from
Hongkong.
Sailed— Stmr tarallon, for Skagway.
JAFFA — Arrived Feb !?<>— Stmr Aususte Vic
toria, from New York, via Funchan, Malaga,
Genoa, etc. on a cruise.
GENOA — Sailed Feb 28 — Stmr Hathor, from
Hamburg, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORT KLIZABETH— Sailed March 4 — Schr
Honolulu, for Newcastle. Aus.
VICTORIA — Arrived March 4 — Ana stmr
Maria, hence Feb 28.
PANAMA— Sailed March 3— Stmr Leclanaw,
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 1— Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco.
1PSWITCH— Arrived March 3 — Br ship Cel
tic Morarch, hence Ee:it 20.
QITEENSTOWN— Sailed March C— Hr chip
Cambrian Hills, for Limerick; Fr bark Nan
tes, fer Runcorn.
Arrived March 3 — Br ship County of Inver
ness, hence Sept 23.
FALMOUTH — Arrived March 4 — Nor bark
Vasco da Gama, hence Nov C; Fr bark La
Bruyere, hen;e Nov 11.
HONGKONG— Arrived March 1— Br Btmr
Plr.s Sney. from Tacoma.
PORT SAID — Arrived Maroh 4— Stmr Tri
umph, from Greenock, fcr Manila.
NANAIMO — Sailed -M^irch 4 — Nor stmr Tita
nla. for Sun Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed March 4— Schr F M Slade,
for Grays Harbor.
SALIN'A CRUZ— Sailed March 2— Schr David
Evans, for Port Townsend.
SHANGHAI — Arrived March 2 — Br ship
Queen Marenret, from New York.
VICTORIA — Arrived March 4 — Br *tnir Em
press of India, from HonRkonp:: Br etmr Glen
ogle, from Honckong; nchr Oscar & Hattie.
Derelict reported from Carmanah Is believed to
be Laura Pike.
BRISBANE — Arrived March 2— Br stmr Mo
ana, from Vancouver.
HAMBURG— Arrived March 3— rGer sh!p
Pera. from Port Blakelcy.
RUNCORN — Arrived March 3— Br ship
Edenballymore, from Tacoma.
SALERNO — Arrived Feb 28 — Br stmr Lang
bank. - from Oreron.
" KINSALE — Passed March 3 — Br stmr John
Cookc, hence Oct II. for Queenstown.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 4— Br ship
Drumburton, Irom Cape Town.
EASTERN PORT,
Sailed March 4 — Stmr Melville Dollar, for
San Francisco: stmr Chehalis, for San Fran
cisco.
i PORT LUDLOW — Arrived March 4- -Schr C
H Merchant, hence Jan 24.-
PORTLAND— Arrived March A — Bark Earl
~« *-pS _^~- * " ntwern; shij> Sierra Ven
tana, from Adelaide. !
.. — ; .. March 4 — Br stmr Chlng
V>o, from G.jucu.w.
Sailed March 3— Stmr Al-Ki, for Skagway.
Arrived March -t-^Stmr Czarina, from San
Francisco.
NEAH^BAY — Passed in March 4 — Ship
Charmer, hence Jan 31, for Puget Sound; bktn
Newsboy, from Honolulu, for Port Towr.aend:
Br shlr> Bann, from .lunln, for Puget Sound;
8chr Meteor, from San Pedro, for Fuget SounJ;
Ger bark Sctilffeki from Santa Rosalia, fcr Ta
coma; Br stmr Empress of India, from Yoko
hama, for Vancouver; Br stmr Clavering, from
Hongkonc:. for Tacoma: stmr Progreso, hence
Feb 28, for Seattle; stmr Queen, hence March
2, for Victoria.
Passed out JIarch 4— Schr Winelow, from
Port Blaketey. for Eten, Peru.
SAN PEDRO — Anived March 4 — Schr Wa
wona, from Grays Harbor; stmr Newsboy,
from Eureka.
Cheap Bates to California.
' Every day during March and April the Santa
Fe will sell one way tickets from Boston, New
York Philadelphia, Washinston, Pittsburt,-,
Cincinnati, Bu.talo. Chicaeo. Kansas City, at.
Louis and alt other points in tha East at tiic
lowest rates ever made one way to the Pacific
Coast. If you have Irltnds to come put your
money in the hands of any Santa Fe Agent,
who will arrange for the trip.
The Sacramento Valley Development
Association since the preliminary meeting
has appointed its delegates, but some of
them were not able to reach the city yes
terday. Because of thi3 the conference
was postponed until this morning at 10
o'clock. General W. S. Green, C. t\ Fos
ter of Maywood, R. M. Green, R. B.
Beard of Sacramento, E. A. Forbes of
Marysville and H. B. Stabler of Sutter
County are the Sacramento Valley dele
gates. The rains of tho past week. were
responsible for holding up two of the del
egates. They will be present to-day, how
ever, and the conference will take in oil
those who have been already named and
also Mr.' McCormick and probably Mr.
Horsburgh of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's passenger department and also the
delegation of tho Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco, consisting of President
George A. Newhall, Charles M. Yate-s,
Rufus P. Jennings and G. W. McNear Jr.
Santa Clara Valley yesterday gave evi
dence of Its Intention to be In any move
ment calculated to exploit publicly the re
sources of Northern and Central Califor
nia. At the hour set for the conference
in the rooms of the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce, nt which the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association,
the Chamber of Commerce and the South
ern Pacific Cornpuny were expected to be
gin tho evolution of u plan for concerted
action in the line of booming tho re
sources of the country north of Tena
chapl, there were two new delegations
present and prepared to take part in the
proceedings. One o* these consisted of
V. A. Scheller C. il. Woostcr and Paul
Shoup, reprtsenunu the Sunta Clara val
ley Improvement Oluu. The other -con
sisted of W. H. Mills, Secretary Fllch-r
and Bernard N. Kow.ey, representing the
California State Board of Irade.
Concerted Action to Be Taken
by Counties North of
* Tehachapi. •
Important Conference of
Delegates . From In
terior-of State.
GETTING READY
TO START BOOM
Receipts of Coal in February.
The receipts of coal at this port by sea dur
ing the month of February were 95,280 tons,
the sources being as follows: From Puget
Sound. 43.882 tons; British Columbia, 18,530;
Oregon, 2545; Australia, 22,749; Great Britain,
The British ship Agnes Oswald was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat at Portland for Eu
rope at 32s tid.
The British 6hip M. E. Watson, which. was
chartered for wheat on the Sound for Europe
at S5s 9d, missed her canceling date, and has
been chartered for lumber at Olympia for Cal
lao r.t 4j£.
The Norwegian ship Prince Louis loads lum
ber at Burrard Inlet for Cardiff at 77s 6d; the
schooner Inca. lumber on Puget Sound for
Taku. 45s. .Both vessels chartered prior to
arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Scottish Hills, which
was so roughly handled by Saturday's
gale, will to-day begin repairing the in
jury done by wind and wave on deck and
aloft. Eight sails were blown to ribbons
in the storm, and repairs to her iron
work will have to be effected before she
is nt to resume her voyage.
To Bepair Scottish Hills.
Meade in Quarantine.
The Federal quarantine officials main
tained a strict guard yesterday on the
transport Meade. The passengers re
mained on board, but to-day jwill prob
ably be transferred to quarters on thy
Island. The passengers will be held four
teen days. The ship will be released and
turned over to the transport officials after
a thorough fumigation.
. TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Alarr.da Honolulu |Mar. 5
M. Dollar. ... I tan feGro I Mar. 5
Edith Seattle JMar. 6
loin 1 . Arena.. Point Arena [Mar. 3
Aztec Tacoma IMar. 15
Del Norte San Pedro Mar. R
Orogonian New York Mar. C
S. Portland . . Coos Bay Mar. (1
Crescent City Crescent City Mar. tf
l'omonii Humboldt Mar. (t
S.Monica.... San Pedro Mar. 6
North Fork.. Humboldt Mar. 0
G. \V. Elder. I'ortlarfrt & Astoria .... Mar. «
Spoknne San DI«>ko & Way Ports. Mar. 0
San Pedro . . . Grays Harbor Mar. 7
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom Mar. .7
KureVa Humboldt Mar. 8
t City Puebla.. Puset. Sound Ports Mar. .«}
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 8
Isis Seattle Mar. S
Pleiades Seattle Mar. !•
Argyll New York via Panama. Mar. U
Titanla Nanaimo Mar. a
Maria Nanaimo . ; Mar. 9
Mundalay Coquille River Mar. 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. Mar. y
Ventura Sydney & Way Port?... Mar. 10
Newport Panama & Way Ports'... Mar. 10
Amer. Mam.. China & Japan Mar. 11
Columbia Portland &. AMorla IMar. 11
Konita Newport & Way Ports.. |Mar. 12
Queen Puget Sound lurt-s iMar. IS
Hermnnthls. 'lamhurK via WJ Coa«t.-Mar. 1.">
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports.|Mar. 10
TO SAIL.
-Steamer. Destination. (Sails. I Pier.
MnreU R. . j |
Alliance.., Portland & Way....j 5 pm|PIer 10
Empire Qoos Bay 12 m^ier i.«
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor . -BpmjPler 2
Eureka.... Humboldt U arn|Pler la
niato »_ui... s.,,n Diego & Way., tt am|i'i*r 11
Peru CWr.a & Japan.... 1 pmiPMSS
1 MarcU O. I
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata..... coos B. & 1't. Orfd 12 m|Pler la
J. Kircball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 ami Pier 2
March T. |
Bonlta Newport »* WayPtsi n ami Pier H
Umatllla... p U get Sound Ports. Ill amiPitr 9
MarcU 8. | |
Pomona Kurnboldt . . .' 1:30 p Pier 0
Pt. Arena.. p o !hf Arena 2 pmlPlec 2
San Jose... Panama & Way Pts 12 m|PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pin Pier T 1
|. March 0.
Curacao j Mexican Ports 110 am Pier 11
Santa. Ana. s^attift & Tacoma . .10 amlPler 'J
Spokane... san Diego & Way..j 9 am|Pier 11
O. \V. Eidei Astoria Hz Portland 11 ami Pier u*
North Fork iium^oldt 0 ami Pier •£
March 11.
Isis Hamburg & Way
Coos Bay.. g an p e dro & Way..| 9 am Pier U
March 12.
Palena I Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Mandalay..' Coquille River : . .. 10 am Pier 2
City Puebla \ Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Rainier. . . . | Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
i March 13.
Coptic! ....• China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
' I- March 14.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 3
Columbia.. Astoria & Pnrtltind'U. am'Pler 21
I March 15. I !,
Lakme lAstoria & Portland.! jPier —
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. I For. I Sails.
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar. 6
Dolphin Skagway &. Way Ports. Mar. «i
j Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 7
City Seattle . . Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 12
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 14
E. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15'
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 13
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office; U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco, Cal.,
March 4, 1002.
The Time Ball was dropped about two sec
onds late to-day — mechanism at fault. v
W. H. STANDL.KY.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
; Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic . Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, . entrance - to San
Francisco Bay. Published by , official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
The fleet of windjammers reported out
side the harbor Monday afternoon was
for the greater part in the same position
yesterday when the sun went down. The
ship Sintram, however, tired of waiting
for a favorable slant of wind, engaged a
tug and was towed into port. Those still
off the port at sundown were the schoon
ers John G. North, Melancthon, Gotama,
J. M. Weatherwax and Novelty.
Fleet Remains Outside.
The gasoline schooner Ida A, whose
non-arrival at Bolinas caused some anx
iety, has turned up all right. She was
unable to make a landing at the Faral
lones on Saturday, and on-her way back
to port was caught in the storm. She ran
to Drakes Bay for shelter, and with two
anchors out rode safely through the gale.
She landed supplies at the Farallones on
Monday and then proceeded to Bolinas.
Ida A Was in Drakes Bay.
A telegram from Seattle states that the
steamship Czarina reached there yester
day afternoon from San Francisco after
having passed through a hurricane be
tween the mouth of the Columbia River
and Tatoosh light. She reports that the
disabled schooner Northwest was picked
vp last Thursday by the steam schooner
Brunswick and was in tow of the Bruns
wick to this city. The Czarina passed the
steam Fchooner and her tow on Friday,
about twenty miles southeast of Point
Arena. The Northwest had run out of
previsions and rescue ships had been sent
to her assistance.
Northwest Coming Under Tow.
The Marine Exchange, a bureau of ship
ping information recently organized for
the benefit of boatmen and hotel run
ners, is giving Its patrons lots of exercise
of the wild-goose-chase-phantom-ship or
der these days. As a disturbing element
the new bureau has made its impression
I several times. The steamship San Jose,
1 which arrived yesterday morning, was
the vehicle fcr. a- series of impressions.
The Marine Exchange observer received
a Marconi from dreamland on Sunday
evening which read, "San Jose ten miles.
The message was forwarded to the ex
change headquarters and the Sabbath
stillness of Brannan street soon gave
place to the rattle of hotel buses ana ex
press wagons. The night watchman at
the Mail dock was startled by the noise,
and as he opened the wicket door to in
vestigate was greeted by a chorus of
"Mush House!" "Mush House! "Bag
gage!" "Check your baggage!" ' Hack,
S "What's the matter with you fellows?
Crazy 7" he demanded.
"San Jose coming in. Marine Exchange
just reported it."
Hacks, hotel buses and express wagons
went away hack and rested until Monday
afternoon, when the Marine Exchange
observer at Mount Tarr.alpais saw In the
(smoke of the transpoit Meade another
opportunity to exercise the hotel and ex
press horses and to rehearse the board
bed-and-baggage chorus. He again re
ported thrSan Jose.
"When the San Jose really did arrive the
Marine Exchange observer wasi taking a
well earned rest.
Reporting Phantom Ships.
Three dead sailors were taken to the
2.1orgue yesterday. One was asphyxiated
fcy illuminating gas and two were the
victims of accidents on shipboard.
The first case was that of E. Anderson,
a native of Sweden, 25 years old. He ar
rived at his lodgings, 248 East street, from
the theater at 12:15 o'clock yesterday
morning, and at 8:30 was found dead In
bed. with the gas turned fully on.
Joseph Le Juen, 13 years old, a member
of the crew of the French bark Marie
Molinos. lying at the drydock, was on
board the vessel working the capstan,
when his foot slipped and he was thrown
over the bow of the bark to .the drydock.
forty feet below. He struck on his head
and was instantly killed.
Francois Emile, chief officer of the
French bark Max. was killed yesterday
¦afternoon. He was working at the lower
masthead when the lines supporting the
mizzen topmast parted and the topmast
came down, catching Emile and throwing
him to the deck, fifty feet below. Emile
etruck on his head on the cbarthouse and
was killed instantly.
Others Are Killed by Falls
While at Work.
One Is Asphyxiated by Gas and the
THKEE SAILOES MEET
WITH VIOLENT DEATHS
£s«rj*aHE Pacific Mall steamship San
I Jose arrived yesterday from Pan
11 ama and way ports, two days be-
II yond schedule time. The delay
was caused partly by bad weath
er, but largely through the foul condition
of the vessel's hull, which held her down
to a slow rate of speed. The San Jose en
countered a heavy storm on Friday night,
shipping some big seas, but sustaining no
damage. She brought a number of pas
sengers, the only one of any particular
note being Rene Clavius Marius, Chief
Justice of Tahiti. Judge Marius is re-
I turning to Papeete after a visit to friends
In Panama. The steamship brought a
large cargo, which included treasure val
ued at $129,000. "
The cabin passengers were Mrs. F. G.
Hoag, P. Kimball, J. Twomey, Rene
Clavius Marius, T. Drownlie, R. C. Sur
bridge C. I* Vucanovich. Rufus S.
Gondey, D. Burns, wife and daughter and
C. T.^'Furey.-
I There were nine steerage passengers.
As the Ri3 «3e Janeiro struck on Fort
Point Keck it would have b?en impossible
for her to hav«: sunk and drifted out to
sea to find a resting place near the Far
allor,es. Seafaring men cling to the the
ory that the wrecJt of the Rio de Janeiio
is lying fathoms, deep in the Golden Gate
otf Point Diablo* about a mile from the
EPQt where she ran on the rocks. -Pala
dini is proud ot the wreckage brought by
his man, though the damage to his nets
CSBXmted v> more thnn $300.
O. Canopa. the chief fisherman of the
Henrietta, and A. Shiappacass, the cap
tain of the vessel, stated yesterday that
They CUZ ret think the wreckage belonged
to the Rio de Janeiro.
The Henrietta on Monday, while Oft the
3'arallones and at a point about twenty
miles from the* Cliff House, raised her
nets from a depth of 300 feet of water.
The steam windlass had considerable dlf
rieulty in bringing up the nets, and the
men on the vessel were not surprised to
sre a mass of twisted iron come to the
surface. One buge piece of Iron work,
<>Ftimated 10 wcign about two tons, broke
•through the nets and sank to the bottom
of the ocean. An iron brace, twelve fett
long, was, howtver, secured by the flsh
trmen and brought to land. It was In
spected by many people yesterday at Pa
ladini's market. The brace evidently be
longed to a v.ooden ship, for it has copper
bolts ranging from twelve to eighteen
inches in length. From the shape of the
!>race, shipping men believe that it was
the bow of a vessel. The iron work is
eaten deep with rust and the copper bolts
thickly coated with verdegris from the
action of the salt water. Barnacles and
suckers were clustered on the iron that
told a silent story of a tragedy of the
oc.nn. As to the vessel it belonged to it
is impossible to say. The iron had evident
ly been subjected to the action of the
¦water for many years, and estimates
•were made that it had been buried be
rvuth the ocean for a period ranging
from thirty to iitty years. «.
The report, however, had no founda
tion, and the resting place of the Rio de
Janeiro Ftlll remains unknown.
There was considerable excitement on
the water front yesterday when it was
repo«-t.»d that wreckage from the ill-fated
•steamship Rio de Janeiro had been
brought to the Burface on Monday by the
nets of the 6tcam fishing boat Henrietta,
cwned by A. PaladlnL v
Strange Haul Is Made by the
Henrietta Off the
Farallones.
Portion of Old Vessel Is
Recovered by Italian
Fishermen.
NETS BRING UP
RELIC OF WRECK
BARNACLES AND CONTRARY WINDS
PROLONG PASSAGE OF SAN JOSE
Steamship Arrives from Southern Ports Twb Days Behind Schedule
Time, Bringing Large Cargo and More Than $100,000 in Treas
ure — Marine Exchange Sends Patrons Chasing Phantom Ships
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAEGH 5, 1902.
the city front (Mission-street ' wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of title 13 the same at both places.
7
Wheat for Europe.
The French lark Alice was cleared Monday
for Qucenstov.a for orders, with 46,200 ctls
¦wheat, valued at $51,201 and 15,000 ft lumber
as dunnace, valued at $225. - .
The French bark General de Boisdeftre was
Lumber ror manna.
The barkentine Koko Head, which cleared
yesterday for Manila via Eureka, carried R. r )20
ft pine lumber as cargo from this port, valued
at ?3<XY .
METROPOLITAN HALL.
MATINEE n£XT SATURDAY.
Last Appearance Here — The Peerless Diva,
MME. EMMA NEVADA,
Supported by PABLO CASALS. LEON MO-
REAU and DAN'L MAQUARRU tn a
Superh Proymmme.
Seat.* now en »«!<• nt Sherman & Clay"s.
Mme. .Vt'vmiii Slnjts To-night in SacramentOw
METROPOLITA^HALL— EXTRA.
NEXT FRIDAY EVENING. March 7.
The Famous American Violin Virtuoso. MIS3
LcOiIyia JdCKSOO^
Supported by Harry J. Fellows, tenor, and Wm.
Bauer, pianist.
IN A BRILLIANT PROGRAMME.
Seats now on sale at Sherman & Clay's.
PRICES— 50c. fl, $1 50.
f "sl¥ H EAT R K^Al
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
To-Night anJTAil Week!
A BIG SUCCESS EVERYWHERE!
AT THE
White Horse Tavern
A BIgr Production cf a Clever Play.
Beautiful Alpine Scenery — Great Cast.
Seats on Sale 0 Days In Advance.
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c.
Xext— "A COAT OF MANY COLORa"
[Fischers Theatre
AND STILL THEY POUR IN.
NO ABATEMENT.
"THE FRENCH MAID."
> DOING ALL THE BUSINESS.
SPARKLING! CAPTIVATING!
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR THE SECOND
WEEK. Beginning MONDAY, March 10th.
All Seats Reserved — Night, 23c and 50c. Mati-
nees. 25c. Children at Matinees. 15c.
Next Production— "LITTLE CHRISTOPHER."
a Rattling Burlesque.
CHUTES AND^OO E "? E A £S°"
THE GREAT CYCLE WHIRL
And a Host of VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIE3.
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
And a FAT LADIES' POTATO RACE.
Telephone for Seats Park— 23.
I PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of theso magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers" district— on the other ro- -
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts ot tha
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
T>T^TTO1J1?C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
DnUGlllJU * rs - bootblacks, bath-
UilUUillJU houses, billard tablas.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker*, caaner*.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. «hoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, ttc
.BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento St
A* CHICHMTCR*S CNQUSM
PEHWYB8y%e!U.s
V J *3<AT\3ATE. Alw»T»r»U»fci«. Ladlo*. ut Drotfirt
fi-h\ Mi «* CHICUESTEK'S JC^GLJWH
/«^»y^S\la USD and &>ld ogttmo bo««. t<*!«4
«tv —-^?3 -»itb Wmrtibo.. T»i» x.» otiw. B«rn**
•m. W* <fv| P*«str«ii Hot«tH«U-M» aad JbnlUf
I / ¦"" Ci tlonfc Bay »f y«nr Drmnitt, »r «md *«. l»
W' Jf HUM <br PartlouUnt, T— «t»«»UU
In J9 »ad '?Relief <btU4lw,*<* Mmp, b/ r«>
J\ ¦<- P tinUtll !•»••• TwttaMaiklfl. 8.14 by
> »— — i »n Dmf jtiM. Ckl«h«at*r Ch«« l«ml C*_
tomtfra UU rt*. Ma41—»> aqttMw. POU JU. f£
'$&< WONG WOO,
try CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Tu f SANITARIUM.
764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
C^SIftSS? \ LL DISEASES CTIRKD
ffr&IW&R*- A exclusively by Chla»««
herbs, over 8000 varieties being used. Hoora
8:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 8 and 1 to 9 y. m. :
- _iMua_*i_ m» BI «f Q to • aon-volsonona
J*itfffffllffl^BV^ o remedy for Gonorrhea*.,
4FJ5O3r .. J^^SsS* Gleet, Sparmttorrbot,
JgSsSr CURES WhiKw. unnatural di»-
*5C*y In l to & dvrt. Id charges, or any infUmcu-
•WoiMWdt. B tlon. irrtuUoa or nlcera-
BS^p^T.nt «oat»«oa tioa ot mnconi mexn-
U^m rr»«nt «oa«poa. branM _ K oa -aatring«nt.
VgAciNaRlMTUl •SaS or sent In plain irrawef.
U. S. A. >^T by eiprew, prepaid, for
A^feggaSl .^y« t 1 - 00 ' or 3 bottles. »173.
li Circular icat oa rwiUMt.
&CQ.^g^
& J
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gtves health and
strength to lexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
Jr WIT CliV * fft 000 Battery Street.
• L» nlLJUil tt WU-. Telephony Main 1S6*.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
f 1 C Vi\ VCC £¦ m Shipping Butchers, 1M
JAb- liUlti»a tU Clay: Tel. Main 1204.
~ OILS.
LUBRICATING OIL3. \ LEONARD & ELLI3.
413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main .1719.
PRINTIMQ.
E- C- HUGHES Sll Sanaomo at.. 8. F.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-XUDD CO.. -_^
23 First street. San Francisco.
lP* IPS Jk !k! F^OPERA
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, r
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
GEORGE OBER
One of America's ForemoBt Comedians, In
Chas. Hoyt's Greatest Comedy,
A Contented Woman.
THE BIGGEST HIT YET. «
POPULAR PRICES — 10c. 13c, 23c. 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matlneeu, 25c.
¦ NEXT WEEK*
George Ober in "Th» House That Jack Built.' '
SPECIAL! FRIDAY~AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
LAST feViVlPHONY 'CONCERT
(Second Series.)
PAUL STEINDORFF. Director.
Seats— %\ 60, $1, 75c and 50e, at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s.
i Matinee To-day (Wednesday). March 5.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Cnll-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
VAUDEVILLE_WONDERS!
THE TEN NELSONS; THE AUER3;
EVA MUBGE; WOODS AND
MOSS; PBOBYN LADIES' QTJAIV-
TET; BILLY CLIFFORD; NX7-,
GENT AND FESTIG; THE BIO-
GBAPH; LAST WEEK OF THE
MEERS. r
i , —
&1T i \§ PM I i &
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
Hear FUNNY TOPICS OF THE TOWN in
The Magnificent Production of the GREAT
HIT OF THE
BOSTONFANS,
| THE—
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE.
POPULAP. PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
TO-NIGHT— All nn 3 n ¥^
this week. Q g-ij Bj
Matinee Safdy H H 3 f
and Sunday. . JL fiBJL/
Elaborate pro-
duction of the
successful melo- v 1 r»'T^
drama. H A Sn |
Full of exciting AJ£%.±J i.
incidents and
ill STROKE
Next Week— "OLIVER TWIST."
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
FIRST TIME HERE.
Anthony Hope's Great Romance,
Pimprf of I?pnt7flir
A Sequel to "Tho Prisoner of Zenda."
Complete Original Production.
Splendid Cast — Handsome Costumes.
TWO SPECIAL MATINEES ot
THE PRISONER OF ZSNDA
Will Be Given To-morrow and Saturday
Afternoons.
NEXT — Bartley Campbell's Immortal Play,
"THE WHITE SLAVE."
SEATS THURSDAY. . ,- ¦ ,.;
A FINE PLAY AND A FINE
CAST. N
First Time in This City..
Augustus Thomas' Peerless American Play,
, "Best play seen on Broadway in a genera-
• tlon."— N. Y. World.
' Every Night (Including Sunday), Mat. Sat.
; WINTER_C1RCUS!
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
— Valencia and Fourteenth St3,—
Entire Change of Bill,
A MASTODONIC AGGREGATION OF
SYNDICATED SHOWS.
STARTLING ARENA FEATST
GREAT DUNBAK TRIO.
SUPERB TROOP OF TRAINED ANIMALS.
ADMISSION 25 Cts. CHILDREN 10 Cta.
RACING
""^IffiS^^^Eipr* t very V* eek Day—
*£& Rain oi* Shins*
NcW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUiS
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races- start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Kerry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and. 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cara on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning: — Trains leave the track at 4:1!
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the lasi
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Presldsnt.
3 CHARLES F. PRICIS. Secy, and Mgr.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMITSEMZ^Ta.
ADVEBTI5EMZNTS.
ONLY A SUGGESfioij
But It Has Provfji of Interest and
Valas to Thousands.
Common tense would suggest that if one
vMn to bseome flpsliy and plump it can only
result from the food « eat and digest, and
that food should b? "albuminous or flesh-form-
ir.tr food. l!k<? eggs, beefsteak and cereals; 1n
other ¦words, the kind? of food that make flesh
are the food* which form the greater part of
*;ur <3aily bills of fare.
/""-¦ "11T j . . ~*> -3^
But the trouble is that while we eat enough,
and generally too much, the stomach, from
abuse ar.O overwork, docs not properly digest
and assimilate it. which is the reason so man;
people remain thin and under weight: the' di-
Etttive organs do noi completely digest the
ilesh-forming beefsteak and eggs and similar
¦wholesome food.
There are thousands of 6uch who are reallj
confirmed dyspeptics, although they may hav«
r.o particular pain or inconvenience from theii
stomachs.
I- ruch persons would lay their prejudices
aside and meUc a regular practice of taking,
after each meal, one or two of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets the tood would be quickly and
thorouRhiy digested, because these tablets con-
tain the natural peptones and diastase which
every weak Ktomach lacks, and by supplying
this want the stomach is soon enabled to re-
gain its natural tone and vigor.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets digest every form
f.f flesh-forming food. meat, eggs, bread and
potatoes, and this is the reason they so quickly
build up. strengthen and invigorate thin, dys-
peptic men. women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most delicate,
t:Fe th*-m with marked benefit, as they contain
no Etronp, irritating drugs, no cathartic not
ar.y harmful ingredient
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the most euc-
epssful and most widely known of any remedy
for stomach troubles because it is the most rea-
sonable and scientific of modern medicines.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet* are sold by every
GrtiKglet in the United states and Canada, a«
well as in Great Britain, at 50 cents for com-
plete treatment.
Nothing further is required to cure any
Etomach trouble or to make thin, nervous, dys-
peptic people strong, plump and well.
Gn c R H Ammunition end Sporting
I i.\ B Q. Goods. Large? t Stock. I>dw-
u n PI fl fyt Prices.' T'ntil close of
M |jIfaB% hunting season will offer
%J) R VI JLJS runs at reduced prices.
¦ Send for catalogue. .
8UBETE ft BAfiBEB CO.,
72* lUrket St aat 611 Eetrnj E t
I B. KATSGHINSKL i
Mj ' f" 1 ¦ ini.iMii 11 - I W:
I jl iiwi V\Snl ¦''¦' &* Q K0 1
I • l^^t w&Jl Gloria .
I WHY ARE THE GLORIA SHOES SO POPULAR? 1
H i Because the ladies of this city have decided that the Gloria $3 50 shoes are B
B the best. ' , g
B Because they combine, comfort, style," fit and wear.. Ea
B Because the workmanship and stock cannot be excelled. Ea
[a . , There are more. Gloria shoes sold than all the other advertised lines com- g
S3 bined. • '
p That Is a proof of their worth, for the ladles would not buy them unless |
E| they had merit. ¦ . • ¦ i'
h" Made up in any style, in every material, and with turned or welted solea. :
E . We are the sole agents. • !
1 PHILADELPHIA 5H0E CG., !
| IO THIRD -STREET, ' ' SAN FRANCISCO. |j
I Emil Sau@r Afterftoon
jS] ASSIdTKD BY . •
m MRS. J. E. BIRMIiNG'HAM Contralto,
H ';.' ACCOMPANIED BY THE PIANOLA AT t
I METROPOLITAN HALL.
I MATINEE WEDNESDAY. MARCH S . at 2:30.
|1 Compllmftyry tickets n»w wdy at KOHI E^? & CHAFE'S MU'IC
0 HOUSE, 28 O'FarreM Street, w^to 'ctttn will be reserved fir-ntl*.
H In order to secure good seats all interested in this wonderful
H little device should secure them early. The Pianola is used and
¦ .^indorsed by Sauer himself, who says: .. 5 ;
if "Tht Pianola gvs ms mon pit astir* than thonsmis of so-called trtzU of
¦ pianhiir. 'ffi't-"
H AH selections will be taken from the favorite concert pieces *
B^ of Emile Sauer. the trreatest living pianist.STOCK MARKET.
• Contra ¦ Costa "Water Company has declared
dividend 108 of 42 cents per share.
Receipts of Produce.
TUESDAY. MARCH 4.
Flnur, qr sks... R,893fWlne, gals 67 300
"Wheat, ctls HO.lfifi Quicksilver, flks M
Barley, ctls..... 2,720 Leather, rolls... 1S9
Oats, ctls 310 Hides, No R14
Beans, sks : 1.675 Pelts, bdls 300
Potatoes, sks... 86,i Sugar, ctls 1,203
Hay. tons 219 j Tallow, ctls- .... 2S2
Straw, tons 5 'Wool, sks 42
ORFOON.
Potatoes, sks.'.. 2.833! Hay, tons ¦ 1
"WASHINGTON.
Potatoes, eks... 267 1 Flour, qr sks... 6.86-i
.NEW* YORK. March 4. — To-dav> stock'mar
ket for the greater part of the 'day repeatrd
the retracing of yesterday's upward course in
the regular process of taking profits on a sniail
turn, which Is a characteristic of the. narrow
professional market. Late In the day, how
ever. ' the selling movement gained appreciable
force and cSrried prices downward by rapid
t-tages to the lowest of the day, making, the
closing active and v/eaU. The maiket also
broadened out considerably in the late selling
movement and the dealings were much better
distributed than at any oth«r time during the
day. The standard stocks were as greatly af
lect»«<i as some of the minor specialties which
have been lately conspicuous in the marKet.
The growing dimensions of the requirements
upon New York cash reserves seemed to be tne
cause of the rather acute uneasiness manifeKt
ed. The engagement of gold for export an
nounced to-day lor Thursday's and Saturday's
fcteamers and others likely to be made indi
cate the probability of an outgo of »;>.O00,CO0
or over this week to foreign .shores. The un
derwriting syndicate of the San Francisco trac
tion reorganization railed on Its subscribers
to-day !or a 20 per cent payment 1 on Thursday.
This means the remittance to San Francisco
at that time of about $4,000,000. It Is true that
this operation will mean no encroachment upon
the country's available money supply, as the
Treasury authorities will pay in San Francisco
Immediately. the amount deposited in the Sub-
Tre.asurV In New York, but the operation In
volves a depletion of New York bank reserves,
nevertheless. The Sub-Treasury had already
taken trom the New York money market since
Friday on routine operations $3,111,000.
With the surplus reserves of the banks last
week below ?10,()00.000, these figures Indicate
sufficient requirements to wipe out the surplus
entirely. The confidence which has 'been felt
in the continued ease of the money market was
partly based on the belief that the Government
bonds would be offered to the frade for redemp
tion in case of any real need In the New. York
money market. As a matter of fact bonds to
the par value of a million dollars were offered
to the - Sub-Treasury late to-day, for which
$1,122,401 was paid In cash, but this, did, not
seem to relieve the apprehension of a possible
money squeeze. . It was noticeable also that the
Eterllng exchange market was affected by the
offerings of, bills against the gold engaged for
export, bo that rates yielded a fraction which
was not the case when gold was engaged last
week. The statement of - the Missouri Pacific
for January, showing a decrease in net earnings
of $521,000, caused an early sharp decline In
that stock and affected the list, offsetting the
Influence of other favorable ; railroad : reports,
notably the extraordinary showing mode by
the annual report of Pennsylvania.
The bond- market was inclined to dullness,
but held comparatively steady. Total sales
par value, ?2,030,000.
United States old 4s advanced % per cent on
the last call. . ,
N.-J) York Sock Mirket'.
EASTERN FrfARKETS.
.;t •;¦;•
CHICAGO, March 4. — Opening conditions In
wheat were .bearish, but sentiment ! soon
changed and the later tone was bullish.
Traders were fearful to sell short during the
present uncertain state of the winter-crop.
CcmnilEEion-houses bought a little and claims
were made that St. Louis and the Southwest
were, buvlni. There was still no moisture In
the Southwest, but weather conditions ¦ were
favorable otherwise. Corn strength helped
somewhat, but the estreme • dullness ¦ took the
edge oft' the gradually growing bullish senti
ment. Cables were somewhat lower early, but
Improved. May opened a shade to V4C lower
ot 7. r .%^7Cc. worked • up to 76Vi<?7(i%c and
closed steady, higher, at ¦7»IV6®7»>Vic.
: Corn acted strong immediately, after a de
pressed opening. Cables were lower and buy.
ing orders were scarce, but offerings both hers
and nt the West were very light. May closed
%c higher at 61«4@01%c. .
. Oats were dull, though somewhat nervous.
Some May stuff was offered at the opening,
which, with the early corn weakness, caused
a belter feeling. Fluctuations continued- to
follow corn. The market closed fairly . firm,
May lie up at 44%c.
Provisions were <iu!l and fluctuated over a
very narrow range. May pork and ribs closed
unchanged and lard a shade higher.
The leading future3 ranged as follows: •
Articles — Open. HlghT Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May .' 76 . 77?& 75% 76 Vi
September .... ...1 '75%
Corn No. 2—
May .... .... 61 7*
July .... 6i 1;
September .. .... .... .... eati
Oats No. 2— ™
May,.. .;... .... 44%
July - .... . ...-. \ .... ;[.->%
September.. 1 , .... ..../..;. 30'A
Mis3 Perk, r*r bbl—
Ma y ' .' . . . .... 1 5 30
July .... .... 15 50
Lard, . i>er 100 lbs —
May ........ ..... .... .... 0 37%
September .. ;.'... .... .... 9 CO
. Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May .... 8 35
July .... .... . 8 47>,i
September .. ..... • ..... -...;. SCO
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, steady;
No. 3 Bpring wheat, 74 1 / i@74%c; No. 2 red, 82c-
No. 2 oats, 44^441/40: No. white, 45<S47c: No. 3
white. 43@45>6c; No. ,2 rye, 58V4@59c: fair to
choice malting barley, 69@G2c; No. 1 flax seed,
$1 65V&; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 69%; messpork,
per bbl, $15 15®15 20; lard, per 100 lbs, $0 20©
5 22%; short-rib sides (loose). $R 20«T8 35; dry
ealted shoulders (boxed), 7V^@7%c: short clear
Bides (boxed), $8 55@8 C5; whisky, basis of high
wines, $131. •
Articles— Receipts. •'Shipments.-
Flour, . barrels ."... 28,000 25.000 '
Wheat, bushels ..'57,0(50 35,0<»<)
Corn, . bushels 140,000 . BO.OOO
Oats, bushels .;......... 181, 000 178.00O ¦"'
Rye. bushels" .:.:.. : 2,000 . • .",000-
Barley, bushels 34,000 . 20,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day. the butter
Chicago Grain Market.
NE"W YORK. March 4. — Closing quotations:
TIN— $25 C0ff25 70.
COPPER — Lake, '12>£@12i,6c; electrolytic and
casting. 12'gl2?ic. •
LEAD— 4%c.
SPELTER— $1 25@4 30. ,
IRON — Steady; unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy-, unset
tled weather Wednesday; fresh . southerly
Wind*.' ALEXANDER McADIE.
. Forecast Official.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday; continued
warm; light northerly, changing to southerly
winds. ¦
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Wednesday, with rain in northern
portion; fresh southerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm; light northerly winds.
The following are the river readings : , Sac
ramento. 27.7, falling: San Joaquin briugc,
13.1. falling.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending niidnight, March 0. 1002:
There has been a rapid rise in temperatuie
over Southern California, and maximum tem
peratures of 70 degrees or over are reported
from Point Conception to San Diego.
The disturbance over •Washington appears to
be moving elowly eastward along the northern
route. The pressure has fallen rapidly o\er
California and Nevada and the weather is gen
erally cloudy from the Tehachapl northward,
with heavy rains In Washington and Oregon.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
DRIED. FRUITS
There were no changes. In the evaporated
apple market and only a light business was
transacted. Prices as previously quoted are
steady.
EDGAR — Raw, weak. Fair refining, 3 l-16c;
centritugal, <>G test, 3 3-l(Jc; molastses sugar,
2 7-lCc.
WHEAT— Spot, steady. No. 2 red, 8Cc f. o.
b. afloat. Options ruled dull, but steady and
closed at V4@'/ic net advance. March, Sl^sc;
May. 82c; July, 81%c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio,- easy. No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8®12c. Futures
closed easy, 15(320 points net lower. March,
5.40c: July, 5.65c; December, C.C5@6.30c.
* ¦ ¦ *
NEW YORK. March 4.— FLOUR— Fairly act
ive and steady.
Boston 48-.'>2 1 Kansas City 50-2S
Cincinnati .. .32-30 Omaha 36-2.3
Philadelphia 42-:!4 Chicago 23-26
Washington 42-30l Duluth .24-1S
Jacksonville 64-iO-Bt. Louts 44-31
New York ...* 42-UHSalt Lake City. .38C4
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
The recent rains checked shearing In 1 the
San Joaquin Valley, but it' will be resumed as
soon as tha weather gets settled.- Prices for
new sprlns clip are expected within a week.
Meanwhile the market is nominal and at ¦ a
standstill, with no stock here to speak of. •¦ ,¦
In Hods the • feeling: continues firm. . There
is more doing- up north than' here, and recent
sales at 14V4@15c m Washington are, reported,
some 500 or 000 bales changing hands at these
figures. In Oreson contracts for the 1902 crop
at ll@llV£c are reported. It 13 said that only
about 4500 bales' of the 1901 crop remain un
sold on the whole coast. The San Francisco
market is in the hands of dealers, who ara
very firm , holdeis. ' . \ . ¦ . ,
• Tallow continues firm at unchanged prices.
Hides are kept more or less weak by the pres
ence of considerable grubby stocks, and sev
eral descriptions are quoted slightly lower.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lV£c under .- quotations. Heavy salted
Steers,' lie: medium, OVic; light. - SV4c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 8V4c for light; ¦ Stajrs.
ev»c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, Oc; Salted
Ca"lf,'"inc: Dryr.Hldes,- 16c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, H^lSc: Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
loc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30a each; short
Hides, Tallow, Wool and. Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12V>c for light medium, '13Vic for light,
14Vic for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Kastern sugar-cured Hams. 12V&@13c; Califor
nia Hams. 11%@12%C; Mess Beef, $9 50^10
per" barrel; extra Mess. $10 504} 11; Family,
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$22 50<|-23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef.
13V5@14c.per.lb.- _ ¦
LARD — Tierces- quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10V4@llc for pure: half barrels,
pure. llVie: 10-lb tins. HVsc; 5-lb tins, ll^c;
3-lb tins, ll*ic. , •
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, OTaC; three
half-barrels, d%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9>/,;; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Chicago reports a dull market, without much
rallying power. Smaller receipts of Hogs than
expected has caused some buying. The market
was slightly higher on the day.
There is nothing new in the local marktt
beyond fractional variations in Lard. The de
mand is slack.
Provisions.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows.
.•WMO's. fiffOHc: 40-50's, 4:»i@-0i/ic; 50-60's. 4 Si
«j4"ic; 60-70's. :\%@iV t c; 70-SO's, 3Vif3?ic; S0
00"a, 2% ©3 Vic: 90-100" s. 2V.@2>ic per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, fl-crown, Sc: 2-crown, O^i
<f?7:Jic; Loosa Muscatels. t>Vic for 4-crown and
5'4c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, r>»ic;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%«j for unbleached and 74?
8'^c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3; De
hesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 "5; London Layers,
$1 2a<al 35.
j^UTS — Chestnuts, ll(S12c; Walnuts, No.- 1
soflBhell. OVac; No. 2, 8@8',ac: No. 1 hardshell,
0c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 10Vi@l2c for paper
s^ell; OiSlOc for softshell and ,6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, O'S^c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12012 Vbc; Filberts. 12812^0; Pecans, ll@Uc;
Cocoanuts, $3 £>0@5.
HONEY— Comb. Ilt4@13c for bright and 1015)
32c for light amber; water white extracted, 5®
6c- liKht amber extracted. 4@5c; dark. -lc. •
BEESWAX— 27 Vi®20c per lb.
New York continues to send reports of slowly
Improving markets for Apricots, Pears. Peaches
and Prunes. The San Francisco market rules
firm, and local operators say that seven
eighths of the .fruit output has passed from the
hands of growers into those of dealers, who
are disposed to get all they can for the goods
and r. re net making any concessions to buyers.
Stocks of all descriptions are slender. The
wme remarks apply Co Raisins.
The demand for Nuts in general Is fair. . Al
monds are quiet, but the inquiry for Walnuts
is good. Honey is In fair request at steady
prices.
FRUITS— Apricots, StfSlO^c for Royals and
SV 3 @13c for standard to fancy Moorparka;
Evaporated Appie3, 7V4@3%c; sundried. 5c;
Peaches, G^fflsi/ic; Pears. 6®9c; Piums, pitted.
6@5%c: unpitted, Hi@2Mtc: Nectarines, 5Vb®0c
tor : red and ftVi^Cc for white; Figs, 3c for
black and 505 Vie for white.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
Receipts of Oranges in the open market are
at present light and the market Is steady at
unchanged prices. Small and medium sizes
are rather scarce and wanted. ' At the auc
tion to-day three or four cars will be offered.
Fancy Lemons were scarce and 3old readily
at the top quotation, but choice and common
grades sold slowly. The Panama uteamer
brought up 207 cases Mexican Limes, and as
stbeks are scarce and the demand brisk, they
are quoted higher.
There is nothing new to report In Apples.
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extra. $1 "5@
1 75 for good to choice and t!Oc<g$l for ordl
""iTRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$l 25
for standards $1 50@2 for choice and $2@2 75
for fancy; Seedlings, 7oc@$l 50; Tangerines,
In quarter boxes. 75c@$l and $1 50<g2 in half
boxes; Lemons, 50c®|l for common and $1@
1 50 for good to choice and 51 73@2 M> for
fancy; Grape Fruit. $1@2; Mexican Limes,
5697 ; Bananas, $2 2502 75 per bunch- for
New Orleans and $2@2 50 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen. «
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Bean : 'market remains in the condition
described in ycsterdayfs'Call. ;."When the situ
ation .011 the 'Sacramento River ; becomes more
definite one way or the other, operators will
know better what to do. At present they do
not feel justified In doing anything and the
market continues stagnant > „
BEANS— Bayos; $2 35@2 «0; Small White. :
$2 UOign 15; Large White,' $2 65i@2 75: - P<a.
$3 .WiS4: . Pink. ¦ $1 $>0@2 20: -Red; $2 75®.*.:
Blackeye, $:$ 75S"4; ,Llm&s, $4 40@4 60; Red
Kidneys. $3 85<fj4 per ctl.'-- • ' ¦
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 65@2 75: Yel
low Mustard, $3 25Q3 GO; Flax, $2 25(22 50;.
Beans and Seeds.
. HAY — Wheat, $lo@12 50; Wheat and Oat,
S9W12; Oat. ' $8)^11 ;• Alfalfa. $S@11; 1 Clover,
$7©>9; .Volunteer. $0 50@9; Stock $6@S 50 per
ton. •'.-¦' • '•¦.•" ¦¦¦.'-'
. STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $lfl 50<5'M GO per ton. t
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $19 50@20 per
i°^V O1 -iS, ake Meal at the' mill. $27@28: jobbing,
$28 501i 25) : Cocoanut Cake, $20<f 21 ; Corn Meal,
$."lf«2: Cracked , Corn, $31 Co@.{2 50; Mixed
Feed. $16@17 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
The recent heavy rains have not produced
any Incrcaro In the Hay receipts, which are
still light. Prices are steady, ami unchanged.
The feedstuffs are also quoted as before, Bran
and Middlings being very weak, and Rolled
Barley and the Corn products firm.
BRAN— .$17@1S per ton.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
flour $a Per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Uye
Meal, ?2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal *3 2,5;
extra, cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
Sir 4 "° : » buckwheat- Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $J mi; Farina, $4 CO; Whole Whrat
I lour $:j 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), ?6 85@8 3o;
in sacks, $tt M)@«; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $U 50 per 100 lbs
FLOUR— California Family Extra*. $3 50JJ
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@J 00;
Oregon, $2 76®3 25 per barrel for family and $n
@:j f>0 for Bakers] ; Washington Bakers, $:j<g>
Flour and Millstuffs.
Aittrnoon Session — May — UPOft ctis 0-1 'ic*
201.-0, «•..!«<;: December— ioOO, lie; jyioo 77%c:
OATS— Tne. market shown 110 appreciable
change, e.ther hera or at Chicago. Holders are
very linn, but the demand is iight.
Grays, $1 fti^ff] .10;' whites, ?1 2*.«1 12 Im,"
Surprise, |I 4C>.jl 45; black. ?l J2V,@1 22VV
for iee.l and ?1 22H«1 82% for seed; red.
*1 STftOl :u\ s per eti for leed and $1 35m
1 42 Vi tor seed.
COitlN— Previous prices rule for all Uescriu
tion=s,.with a dull market. '
Large Yellow, ?| .i;,@i 50; small round do,
$1 85WI r.0; white. $1 ;io«71 50 per ctl.
Il^ E — The advanced quotations are main
tained without difficulty and the market is
firm. Quoted at ST'/itril^c per ctl
BUCK VVHiiAT— Quoted at sfl/CO per ctl.
Kf Miiar Morning Session — No sales.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— May—^000
ctls, 'S-\Uc. .
Second Session— No sales.
CALL HOARD SALES.
i-eed. U1U&82&C for No. 1 anil S7 1 / i<§'00c for
oft grades; brewing and shipping grades, 95'tf
U7',£e; Clievalier. iiix-®?! 20 per ctl.
, BARLEY — The feeling is quite firm and quo
tations art- again a shade better, with a slight
improvement in the demand. »
Informal Session— 9 r'15 o" clock— No sales.
Second Session— May — 12,000 ctls, SI 12: De
cember — IC'CU. $1 C».
Regular Morning Session— May — 1000 ctls,
$1 Yi; December — *0C0, $1 0:1.
Afternoon Session — December— 10,000 ctis,
$1 09.
CALL BOARD SALES.
This market was flat and unchanged. Holders
in the country are still hanging on and decline
to mil. 1
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10; milling, $1 12 £
01 15 per ctl.
Chicago opened a shade lower, with the de
mand moderate and the crowd bearish. The
market lacked speculative support. Later 01.
the demand improved and there. was more dis
position to buy.
WHEAT — The foreign and Eastern markets
continued inactive and featureless. Uradstreefs
gave stocks as follows: East of the Kockiea,
a decrease of l!35.000 bushels; Europe and
afloat, an increase of 1.0CO.00O; net Increase,
302,000 bushels, against a decrease of 2,041,000
last week.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Remain unchanged at
£."s'5:J(;s 3d. usual options, with an occasional
spot charter. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 27,550, againsl
24,025 tons on the same date last year; tllsen-
Kagtd, 42.7C0 tons, against 42S0; on the way to
this poit. lS3,.SliU ton:-, against ll.I.UCO.
Wheat and Other Grains.
New York Exchange is lower.
Sterling Exchange, oO days — $i 80
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 S3
Sterling Cables — 4 9<i
New York Exchange, sight — - J2ij
New Ycik Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Sllvor, per ounce. — 55
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 451^
Ex:hange and 'Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Temperature — 7 a. m.. 44 degrees.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Astoria 30.00 50 44 SE Rain 1.S4
Baker.... 30.20 40 32 SE Cloudy 0.00
Carson 30.32 42 6 NWJ Cloudy 0.00
Fresno 38 "
Flagstaff ' .. 20
Pocatello. Ida. 30. 42 38 22 SE Clear 0.00
Independence..30.32 50 '_•»> SE Pt.CldyO.OO
Lcs Angeles... 30. 15 74 44 E Clear 0.00
Phoenix 30.24 70 38 , N ' Clear 0.00
Portland 30.36 J>2 44 SW Rain 1.14
Red Bluff 30.24 -58 34 S Cloudy 0.00
Roseburg 30.04 54 30 NW Rain 0.01
Sacramento... 30. 24 50 40 NW Cloudy 0.00
Salt Lake 30.42 44 24 S Clear 0.02
San Francisco.30.24 .18 44 NW Cloudy 0. 10
S. L. Obispo.. ..".0.24 70 40 AV Cloudy 0.00
San Diego 30.16 70 46 NW Clear 0.00
Seattle 30.02 52 44 S Rain 0.70
Spokane 30.04 4S 30 SE Cloudy 0.02
Neah Bay 29. S« 48 40- S Rain 1.70
Walla Walla.. 30. 02 56 36 S Cloudy 0.00
Winnemucca..30.30 44 1R NE Cloudy O.OO
Yuma 30.22 72 44 N Clear 0.00
. 'WASHINGTON*. March 4. — To-day's Treas
ury statement: Available cash balance, $174,
tiO8,073; gold. $S9,72O,5C1.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. March 4.— Money cn call closed
Eteady at 2 1 /! ! <S V 3 per cent: closing bid and
asked, 2(g2Vi per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4©4% per cent. Sterling exchange, easier, with
actual business In bankers* bills at $\ S7%@
4 87 K i for demand and at $4 S5Vie4 SSVj- for
sixty days. Posted rates. $4 SO and 54 88^.
Commercial bills. ? 4 S4&'?? I 85^. Bar. silver,
55c. Mexican dollars, 43 : "4c.
Government bonds, firm ; State bonds, inact
ive; railroad bonds, steady.
New York Money Market.
a s K 0 2 ¦ *
s Wn ii 4 *
STATIONS. I -liH &= S f
\ : 3 3 : : f
•THE COAST RECORD.
San FrandEco data: Maximum temperature,
5S; minimum. 44; mean. 51.
Heavy rains have fallen in all psrts of the
Ftiite Ouring the week, the precipitation hav
ing occurred nearly every day In most places.
H15I1 ccutheast winds have prevailed in the
central and northern sections, causing consid
er? ble damage to orchards, telegraph lines,
bul'dinps and fences, and Interrupting the
¦fer.y service on the bay. Rivers and creeks
Jisac overflowed their banks; the rush of water
hnt caused breaking of levees on the Sacra
nwr.to, resulting in many washouts and Imped
ing railroad traffic. The snowfall In th* moun
tains is reported unusually heavy- Enow has
Rlf\> fallen on the lower levels at Red Bluff.
R« -Ifling and other places. The temperature
hb - been about normal.
1 ir&in has probably suffered to some extent
ir< in the his:h waters, but no reports of da.ni
»'.<¦ to\f. y»t been received, and aside from
thi? It has be<=n immeasurably benefited in all
p'vUons by the heavy rainfall. Nearly all re
ports Indicate that wheat and barley are In the
very best condition, and «"ven in the heretofore
dry Fouthern district? there is now an excellent
prospect for bountiful crops. The continued
warn weather and rain have cau*Pd a rapid
grronth cf grain, alfalfa and pasturage. Plow
ing and feeding will be resumed in many places
es f=oon *«f th? soil becomes tillable, 2nd the
pi-5-in acreage materially increased.
rrcspects continue good for heavy- crops of
deriduous fruits »n<1 piapeF. very little damage
ha 1 intc been done by the- recent storms. Apri
cots, x-eaches anil almonfls are in bloom.
Hacramento Valley.— The weather has be»n
warm, cloudy an<i rainy most of the week.
Uravy rain has fallen in the valley* and mow
*in the mwuntains. At Vacaville the rain for
1)1" f.-eek ending; at 7 a. m. March 1 was *».ft5
lnrhr?: at Rosewood, from February 21 to 27.
".*.•: infji*=E-, at Red Bluff duvirur the week. UM
lT:rh*-F: at Wheatland. from the 20th to 2tith,
3.B5 inches. Snow has fallen at Redding and
Rc<l Kluff The Ftorms nave been accompanied
by hiph southeast winds, causing some damage
to trrv-s and buildings. There has also been
considerable damage to railroad tracks and
fanning lanOs by ths breaking 01 levees
through the rush of hiph waters in creeks and
rtvere. Orain and feed «re in good condition,
end orchards and vineyards are looking well.
<"oast and Bay Sections. — The week has been
marked ly, extremely high winds, warm
•wrather and heavy rainfall, precipitation hav
ing occurred r.early every d*>y in Rome section*.
The hifrh v.lnds and floods have caused consid
erable iJamase to both agricultural and com
rnf-rcial interests. TeiegTaph service has b«?en
interrupted, railroad traffic delayed, buildir.es
fir.J fen^cf demolished, and trees uprooted.
Tlie actual loss, however. Is probably more
tl'an compensated for by the benefit that will
b" derived by farmery and orchardists. There
If now every Indication that large crops of
(train, hay and fruit' will be gathered in all
factions. Grain and srrasR are growing rap
idly. Dfiduous fruit trees* are In bloom.
San Joaquin Valley.— Hain has fallen nearly
fvery day during the week, accompanied by
warm weather and high southwest winds. Some
<3arr,aK» hsf been <1on» by floods and wind, but
tl » lors ¦will be l«:ht as compared with the
. prest ben»flt to all agricultural Interests. As
fon as th- Foil becomes tillable, plowing and
tr-edlng will be resumed, and there will be a
cnsidersbi* increase in the grain acreage,
v hrat. barley and alfalfa ere looking well and
have made pood srowth during the week. Feed
it-- sr-rinjrinK up and Krowlns rapidly. Prospects
1< r Isree crops of grain and hay in all sections
P»-e much better than at any time during the
F«-»Kon. 4 Orchards and vineyards are In good
c-ndHion. Apricots, peaches and almonds are
In IHoom In many places.
Southern California.— Rain has fallen se-eral
tf.iys during the week, averaglnp something
c-ver three inche* for the Bection. The tempera
ture has been nearly normal, and the southerly
v ind less violent than In other parts of the
Mat*. \>ry little of the precipitation has been
vaxted. as its fall was gentle and the soil In
nnditlon to absorb It readily. Grain has made
japld CTOwih and is in excellent condition in
most places: good crops of wheat, barley and
)<«>• are now predicted. Pasturage Is improv-
I 'g and will Boon be abundant In all section?.
« >i chards and vineyards are m excellent condi
\ior.
Eureka Summary — Practically no farm work
lias been done along the coast during the pa6t
•week. Too much rain, though grass and grain
are doing very well. The reJnfalUor February
•will amount to about 19.50 Inches, the greatest
rrc-ipltation for any month since establishment
«jf this station.
Los Angreles Summary- — Fine rains came Just
In time to benefit vegetation, ¦ and with a few
Jate rains full crops will be made. The ground
I* in fine condition for working. Feed Is grow
ing finely.
GENERAL SUMMARY
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
«i;ector of the climate and crop service of the
"VWather Bureau, Is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
Mail advices from New York say: "At the
moment a somewhat better Interest has devel
oped In prunes, the aggregate movement being
fairly large. On 40s a little firmness is obsrved.
with most holders asking 6?4c In 25-lb boxes
for Santa Clara fruit. Outside fruit, accord
ing to quality, still offers from 6^c up for 40
50s in 25-lb boxes. There is a better Inquiry
notid from interior distributers, and several
fair-sized lots of assorted sizes have been
moved \rfthin the quoted range. Oregon 30s are
reported in small compass, with 6*ic generally
quoted firm for fruit In 25-lb boxes. Coast ad
vi< cs indicate a fair movement for interior and
export account In both old and new fruit. In
currants the market is quiet and the felling
t-h<.»-E easiness within the quoted range for fine
Amalia grade. A moderate jobbing Interest is
noted, with sales chiefly in small lots on the
basis of Sh+c for fine Amalias In barrels. Re
rcrts are current of lower values, but the prin
cipal holders are unchanged. We note the ar
rival fx Rotterdam steamer of 600 barrels, the
tamp being, without appreciable effect at the
momont. The market on the other side Is re
ported somewhat easier. In raisins a fair in
terest is noted in Valencia layers, with 7^*c
«4u<^t*d. California seeded are In moderate re
quest and eteady. Loose raisins are somewhat
f.rin. Apricots command ' some attention and
the views of holder* are hardening. Peaches
are firm n.nd there is noted a good jobbing
interest within the quoted range. Pears are
unchanged. In figs there Is noted a good busi
ness In bas stock, with some firmness to re-
I<irt. Layers are held on a steady basis. We
not* the arrival from Rotterdam of 20 cases.
!Jat*>s are meeting a good jobbing demand, with
ou-itations unchanged. In nuts generally
through the list the demand Is more active."
Dried Frtiit in New York.
LONDON, March 4.— Consols, 04^. Silver,
25 5-lCd. French . rentes, lOlf 32}£c. Cargoes
on passage, buyers indifferent operators; car
goes No. 1 Standard California. 20s 3d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 20a 3d: English country markets,
steady; Import into U. K., wheat, 21!»,0U0 quar
ters: import into U. K., flour, ltio.OOO barrels.
LIVEKPOOL. March 4.— WHEAT— Quiet;
wheat in Paris, steady; flour in Taris, quiet;
weather In England, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
celpts of whe at during the past three days,
203.C00 centals, including 103,000 American.
Foreign Markets.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 38.02
Red Bluff ....0.00 26.12 22.05
Sacramento 0.00 15.37 . 1(5.70
San Francisco 0.00 15.12 18.04
Fresno 0.00 5.09 St. 34
Independence 0.00 3.99 5.7G
San Luis Obispo 0.00 17.46 C7.04
Los Angeles 0.00 8.31 13.66
San Diego 0.00 4.41 8.53
BUTTER— Creamery, 29®3oc per lb for fan
cy, SStgiW'/^c for firsts and 27@27%c for sec
onds;- dairy. 22Vi<5'2S<c; store Butter, 1TA&
~~\W per lb.
CHEESE: — New, lKgaiVic; old, 10@10%c;
Young America, lS'S'lSMtc; Eastern, 13@l5c per
pound. . - . - •
EG(SS — Ranch, 15c for selected large and
13Vi@14c for good to choice; store.. 13c per
dozen.
Receipts were 61,600 pounds and 16 tub3 of
Butter. 1S04 cases of Eggs. IC.oOO pounds of
California Cheese, pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
Receipts of Eggs continue large and the sup
ply is still excessive and unwieldy. Dealers
are not making any further concessions to
buyers, however. There will be large lines
put into cold storage just as soon as the
weather gets dry enough to permit It, which
will relieve the market of considerable of- Its
surplus. .Prices for all grades stand about as
before.
Cheese continues In ample supply and the
market Is rather weak than otherwise.
Receipts of Butter were much larger yes
terday, and the general opinion was that the
market had reached the top, though another
week of heavy .storms might again advance
prices by prolonging the scarcity. Quotations
remained unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
V.'ASHINGTON
TACOMA, March 4.'— Wheat, quiet and un
changed; bluestem, 6Cc;.club, ti5c.
PORTLAND. March 4.— Wheat, steady but
inactive; , Walla Walla, 66c; bluestem, 67c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market:
. riUTTON — Roast. lOSlS^c; Chops. 100
12 -c: Stew. 8c.
LAMB— Spring, 12Vi'@20c; Roast. 12V4@15c;
Ov ps. lS'-i^lSc.
rORK— Roast. 12i£@15c: Chops, 15c.
VEAL. — Roast. 10@15c; Cutlets, 15®ISc
The following retail quotations for meats are
f umUhed by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ert' Protective Association :
, r.EEF — Roast, 10018c per lb; Tenderloin
fiuak. 15@17%c; Porterhouse Steak. 17^@2tic;
Rcund Steak, 10®12V-c; Stew Beef, S@10c;
Co n<?d Beef. Si^lOc.
Retail Meat Prices.
Th» follbwing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in the last twenty-four
hourn :
, flCOth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 4—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Northern Business.
PORTLAND, Or., March 4.— Clearings, $3S3,
531; balances. $31,040. -.
GAME — Hare, $1 25@1 50; Rabbits, $1 60®
1 75 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray
Geese. $3@3 50; White Geese. $1 25; Brant,
$150@2.per dozen; Honkers. $3@5; English
Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe, $2; Robins, nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15© 16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75; Goslings $2 25@2 50; Ducks, £4 60
@5 50 for old and $6@7 50 for young; Hens,
$4 COS 5 50; young Roosters, $7<3>7 50; old Roos
ters. $4@5; Fryers, $6<S!S 50: Broilers, $5@6 for
large and $4@4 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50
per dozen for old and $1! 75@3 25 for Squabs.
Game met with a steady demand at un
changed prices and cleaned up well. Receipts
were 30 sacks.
One more car of Eastern 'Live Poultry was
placed on the market yesterday, I making the
second for the week. Receipts of local Poul
try, were liberal and while some kinds were
slightly lower, the market cleaned up easily
at the quotations. . . •
Poultry and Game.
.BOSTON, ' March 4.— No weakness in values
is noted in the wool market he're this week;
although the demand continues quiet. The
lack of demand is due to the fact that the
large manufacturers as a rule have enough
wool on hand to meet present needs and have
shown little disposition to buy and the smaller
manufacturers are buying sufficient to fill pres
ent orders only. There is a moderate demand
for territory wools and values hold firm. ;
Boston Wool Market.
METALS— Pig Tin has been advanced to 263
27c and Pig Lead has been reduced to 4.25®
4.70c.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. S1S®19 50; extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. $19®22: Lath. 4 feet. $3 90®
4; Pickets, $1!>: Shingles, $2 for No. 1 and $1 75
fcr No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for
sawn; Rustic^ $25^31.
Oube^. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90c;
Powdered, 4.7.V-: Candy Granulated, 4.75c: Dry
Granulated, 4.C5c; Confectioners' A, 4.65c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100
lb has* only), 4.K>c: Masnolla A. 4.25c: Extra
C. 4.15c: Golden C, 4.05c; D. 3.95c; barrels,
10c more: half-barrels. 2!>c more; boxes. 50c
more: 50-lb-bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for lesa than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels, 5.15c; boxes, 5.40c
per lb.
SALT — All domestic description? are higher.
Liverpool. $S0@S2 50 for the best and $26<ft
27 50 for factory filled. T>omestlc — Imitation
Liverpool.. $25 2C@27: H. R. H.. $23 23<i?27:
California Dairy, 50-lb bags. $25@26: Rock
Fait. $17 GO^IO CO. according to quantity;
Granulated. $25 50"fJ27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— S47@ 48 ? per flask for local
use and $44j?45 50 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7®
713c per lb; White Lead. 6*4@7%c. according
to quantity.
OIL — California Castor Oil. In cases No 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels', boiled.
76c; raw, 74c; case3. 5c more; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 64c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases 90c;
China Nut. 57 1 / j@6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40®50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c; cases. 47%c;
Cocoanut OH. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
6S%c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In
cases. 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases.
EO'ic; SB-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases. 26*Ae.
1 TURPENTINE — 67c per rallon In cases and
61c In drums and iron barrels.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 29@32c- extra
heavy. 30(^40c per lb; medium. 27@23c: light.
24@26c; Rough Leather. 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35®39c for No. 1 and 30^33c
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light, 29g:{5c-
Skirting, No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36@3Sc; Col
lar Leather, 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather,
40@44c: Kip. unfinished, 40@50c per lb; Veal.
finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits.
14@16c: Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK — Ground, $25@2S per ton; Stick,
$16(g > 18 per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— 12>4@15Lic for
prime to fancy washed (new crop); H%fri2e
for strictly good washed (new crop); ll@lli.ic
for good washed (new crop); 9«.&@10c for fair
•washed; S@9c for medium; 6@7%c for lnferior
to ordinary; 10@12c for good to prime -washed
peaberry; OV4@lOc nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 8%@9ttc nominal for good
to ir-upcrlor unwashed.
Nicaragua — 12@15c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 9%® lie nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 8%@9c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9@aVjc nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry..
Salvador — 12%@13c nominal for strictly
•prime washed; 10i«.@i2c nominal for good to
1 r'^ ra « , was hed; 9@10c nominal lor fair washed
10'/~jpU\ic nominal for good to prime washed
peaberry; 0%@10Vic nominal for good to prime
semi-washed; 0@{M4c nominal for superior un
washed; — @8^c for good green unwashed; 0@
V%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry fi
@1c for common to ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 3Uc;
cases, Regular, 4c; cases. Extra Large, l&c
cases. Eastern style, B^Jc; Boneless, 4%c;
"Norway," 5c; "Narrow Gauge," 5%c; "Silver
King," 6%c; Blocks. "Orientals," 5%c; Blocks.
"Seabrlght," Oc; Tablets. 6%c; Middles. 6V>@
«i/jc; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 8c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless. '7@8c; Desiccated per
dozen, 70c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each $7;
Pickled Cod. half barrels, each. $4.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14@15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed (new crop); 11%®12%o
nominal for prime washed: lOVa^llc nominal
for good washed; — @13c for good washed (new
crop); 10Vi@12%c nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9%@10%c nominal for fair to
prime peaberry; 10@llc nominal for good to
prime; S%@U&c nominal for fair: 6®7Uc for
common to ordinary.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 16%c per lb:
Sisal size, 12^0; Bale Rope, 12'4c for Elsal
and 16%c for Manila; Duplex, ll&e. Terms,
60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount. Lots of
10,000 lbs lc less.
CANNED FRUITS — The California . Fruit
Canners quote as follows, In 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples. $1 05@l 45; Apricots, Sl@l 50; Peaches,
yellow, $1 20@l 65; do, Lemon Cling, $1 80@
1 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 75; Plums, 90c®
$1 25; Nectarines, $1@1 50; Muscat Grapes, 95c
®$1 35; Quinces, $1 10@l 55: Strawberries.
?1 30@l 75; Blackberries. $1 80@l 60.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; SouthHeld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 60: Bryant, $8 60;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8 60; Cumberland. $12
in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthracite, $14;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
?8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according
to brand.
CANNED ASPARAGUS — The California
Fruit Canners' Association quotes the- follow
ing prices for 1902, per case, 2 dozen cans to
the case: Mammoth White, $2 50@3 75; Large
White. $2@3 75; . Medium White. $1 75@2 63;
Small White. $1 60; Mammoth Green, $2 65®
3 65; Large Green, $2@2 90; , Medium Green,
$1 75@2 50; Small Green. $1 50.
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Qu'entin, 6.55c; Wool Bags, 32335c; Fleece
Twine, 7%©8c
General Merchandise.
HOGS — Receipts ' to-day. 19,000: to-morrow,
25,000; left-over, 1 3000; bulk of sales, 5@lOo
lower than early yesterday? mixed and butch
ers, $5 16@6 35; good to choice heavy, $6 25@
6 60; rough heavy, $5 90@6 16; light. $5 75^
6 10; bulk of sales, $5 90@0 20.
SHEEP — Receipts. 13,000; sheep, steady;
lambs, strong to 10c higher; good to choice
¦wethers. $4 75@5 25; - fair • to • choice mixed,
$4 90@5 60; Western sheep, $4 60@-6 15; native
Iambs, ?3 75(gr6 50; Western lambs, $5 60@6 60.
CHICAGO, March - 4.— CATTLE-^-Recelpts.
4000; steady; good to prime steers, nominally
$0 05@7; poor to. medium, ' $4@6 60; stackers
and feeders, $2 50@5 60; cows, (1 25@5 25;
heifers. $2 50® 5 20; canners, $1 25@2 80; bulls;
$2 50@4 (JO; calves, S2 50@6 25; Texas fed
steers, $4 60@5 90.'
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76^103 Oc S3 Co 5a. — 102%
Bay CPC Os.106% — Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st Ba 116% — Pac G Im 4a. 0o% —
C Costa 5s.. — 111 Pk&C H 69.107 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R Cs.117 120
Per&C H 63.116 — Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5«. . — — Sac EGR 5«. — lW
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s. — 124
Do 5s 99%100% Sierra Cal 6sl05 110
I* Ant R Bs.120%122 S I» of -A. to • ' '
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) ....112^113^
Do ltd 6j. — — (1910) ....1131*114
Do gtd Os.104^4 — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 8s.l01%102% (1905)Sr \.l0d\-~
Do lcm Bs. 101 103 (1908)3r B. — 110H
Mkt-.t C 6..126 — (1906) ....112Hllin,
Do lem 5s.ll9Vi — (1912) — 122%
NRstC Bs.lllVt — SP of Cal 1st
Do 6s .... 122^123% e gntd 5».12O —¦
N Pac C Bs.108 100V4 Do stmpd..lll%112
N Cal R Cs. 112% — SP Br Cal8s.lS8%140^
Oak Ga» Bs.115 — 3 V Wat 6s. Ill 111%
Oak Trn 6s. 122 123 Do 4s .... 102%102%
Do 1st e 0slll% — Do 4i3d ra.101 9,101 «i
Oak W O 5s. — 103% Stkn Qa* 63.101 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Cotta. 75% — Port Cost* . 63% 68
Maria Co .. 67 — Spring Val.. 88% 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC:
Cent L & P. 2 5 Pao Light. .. 43 —
Eat O L Co. SU 8% Sao E G&RC 23 81
Mitnal 3& B™ 8 T O & B.. 43ft 44
OGL&H..53 B6 S F O L Co. 8% —
Pao O Imp. 8T 87% Stktn O & E 8 —
INSURANCE,
yirem'i Pnd. — 273 /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 89% 83 LPAA....1M —
California ..420 — MerEJ (llq). 13% —
Cal Saf» Dp.ll7U118 S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl. — — '
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1973 — Say & Loan. — 100
Humboldt . . — — Security Bay.308 350
Mutual Sar. 75 — Union Trust. — 2200
8 F S*v U.B1S —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..160 — (Market 83 95%
Geary — 60 !Presldl» .... 40 60
POWDER.
Giant 78% 80 .Vigorlt 8% 4
.":¦• SUGAR. -.:
Hana 8% 4% Kllaue* .... 9% —
Hawaiian . . 87% 4O Makawell .. 2&Vt 27
Honokaa ... 12 12% Onomea. .... 24 —
Hutchlnson . 13% 14 Paauhau ... 12 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl63 — Pac A P A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 97 08 Pao C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine- As. — 100 Par Paint... IS —
Oceanic S Co 35% 33
Mornini Session.
Board—
20 Market Street Railway 94 90
230 Market Street Railway 95 00
10 Market Street Railway, b 6 05 CO
85 Market Street Railway 94 75
100 S V Water 89 75
$1500 US 3s (Coupon)..' 109 12%
$10,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 106 75
Street —
100 Market Street Railway 95 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co 25 60
255 S V Water 90 00
$500 U S 8s (Coupon) 109 12%
$3000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 75
$3000 Market St Ry 1st Con 5s 119 60
$7000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 123 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Contra Costa Water 78 00
5 Hutchlnson S P Co 13 75
100 Market Street Railway 95 25
45 Market Street Railway 95 12%
10 S F Gaa & Electric Co 44 00
25 S V Water 89 73
75 S V Water 89 87%
$15,000 Market St R R Con 5s 119 50
Street —
385 Market Street Railway.. 95 00
$10,000 Market St R R Con 5s 119 50
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5a 123 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
. Mornlns Session.
800 CTairmbnt 15
100 Kern 5 25
1100 Occidental of W-Va. bJ... 17
8 San Jcaquln Oil & Dev 6 50
50 Thirty-Three 7 73
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2 Hanford , 87 00
BOO Monarch of Arizona.............. 17
200 Monte Cristo 130
1000 Petroleum Center, s 30.. 07
Following were the sales in tha San Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & B.. 19 550 Ophlr 97
500 Gould & C. 10 60 Ophir 96
400 Mexican ... 29
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ... 04 1C00 Justice 08
500 Best & B... 20 100 Mexican ... 29
200 Chollar - 09 500 Ophir 98
10O C C & Va..l 23 200 Overman .. 05
100 Gould &. C. 11 600 Union Con. 23
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & B 19 200 Mexican ... 29
200 Challnge Cn IS 800 Ophir «....! 00
300 Chollar .... 09 500 Overman .. 03
200 C C & Va..l 27% BOO Savage 08
100 Confidence . 62 300 Sierra Nev. 12
200 Confidence . 61 100 Silver Hill. 53
Afternoon Session.
900 Best &B... 20 200 Gould A C. 11
200 Challnge Cn 1> 300 Mexican ... 29
300 Chollar 09 200 Ophir 9S
200 C C & Va. .1 30 • 500 Union Con. 23
500 Cn Imperial 01
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, March 4—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . ., Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 08 09
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 03 05 Lady Washtn — 05
Belcher 03 04 Mexican 29 oO
Best & Belch. 20 21 Occidental ... 07 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 93 1 00
Caledonia ... 27 29 Overman .... 04 00
Challenge Con 17 19 Potosl 10 11
Cbollar 09 10 Savage ...... 07 CO
Confluence ... 60 «5 Scorpion ... .. — 04
C C & Va....l 25 1 SO Seg Blecher.. — wi
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 12 IS
Con N York.. 01 02 Silver Hill... 60 53
Crown Point. 06, 07 St Louis — 10
Eureka Ccn.. 18 — Syndicate ... — 06
Exchequer ..» — 02 Union Con... 23 24
Gould & C . . . 10 12 TJtah OC 07
Hale & Nor.. 30 32 Yellow Jacket 17 13
Julia ..\..... — 01
Purchase of Ballot Paper
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Election Commissioners yesterday re
garding the advisability of appealing from
an adverse decision of the Superior Court
of Sacramento In the suit of the Secretary
of State vs. the city of San Francisco, in
volving the cost of ballot paper. After
quoting the law Lane says:
There la no law requiring the Secretary of
State to call for competitive bids for supplies
which he may have power to order. Accepting
the . law as decided by Judge Hughes there
would remain a question of fact. Did the Secre
tary of State sell the paper to the city and
county at Its cost to him? After careful Inves
tigation I have been unable to obtain any evi
dence that the paper did not cost the Secretary
of State the amount charged, and I know of
no way of proving that he charged more than
the law allows. The remedy. If there is one,
lies with the Legislature.
¦ m ¦ •
Must Be Deported to China.
The Secretary of the Treasury has no
tified Port Collector Stratton that a Chi
nese person who i3 shown to have been
employed as a laborer In this country and
who failed to register either under the
act of May 5. 1S92. or of November 3. l&W.
cannot be admitted as a returning mer
chant upon evidence that subsequent to
such failure to so register he became a
bona nde merchant. The opinion wa3
given In the matter of the appeal of Tuns
Mun Dart, who arrived on the Coptic last
Uecember^ _ .
Military I*aw-Breaker3Are Punished.
The following judgments of the court
martial now in session at the Presidio
have been approved by the department
commander: E>. Nevll. Company. 115.
Coast Artillery, six months' lmprisonmertc
i for disobedience of orders; G. F. Knapp,
1 Troop M. Fifteenth Cavalry, dishonorable
discharge and eighteen months' impriaon
i ment for desertion; R. K. Clothier. Com
pany I* Third Infantry, dishonorable dis
charge and two years' imprisonment for
desertion.
. « m ¦
! NEW YORK, March 4.— The directors of the
1 United States Steel Corporation met to-day and
re-elected Prestdent Schwab and all other offi
cers' whose terms expired.
NEW YORK, March 4. — Special cable and
telegraphic' communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies sinqe the last report:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 638,000 bushels: afloat
for and in Europe, increase, • 1,000,000 bushels;
total supply, ' Increase, 362,000 bushels.
• Corn. , United States "and Canada, east of tha
Rockies, decrease, 472,000 bushels.
I Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 59,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Continued rise in Market Street Railroad stock.
quiet and unchanged. Freights steady.
Barley a fraction firmer. Oats and Corn dull.
Rye firmly held at the recent advance: ,
Hay steady. Bran and Middlings very zveak.
Beans still dependent upon river conditions.
Potatoes and Onions in ample supply and quiet.
Increased receipts of Butter and Cheese. .-
Eggs still liandicapped by excessive stocks.
Seven-eighths of the' Dried Fruit passed out of growers' hands.
Raisins closely held and firm. Nuts and Honey in fair demand.
Provisions dull, zvith fractional changes in Lard. <
Prices for new spring Wool expected within a week.
Hops now mostly in dealers' hands and very firm.
Tallow continues strong, with light stocks.
Hogs in sufficient supply and unchanged.
Veal higher. Mutton firm and Lamb very scarce^ Beef steady.
Poultry in liberal receipt and easier. Game steady.
Oranges and Lemons steady. Limes higher.
Vegetables in liberal receipt and weak.
Pig Tin higher and Pig Lead lower.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6@
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6*i©5%c; feeders, 6%c;
sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off,
and stags, 40 per cent oft from the above quo
tations.
'LAMBS — Suckling- Lambs. $2 5032 75 per
head, or 5%@Cc per lb llvewelght; yearlings.
4%@5c per lb. N
The following quotations are -for rood .sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for cattle: ¦...-
CATTLE— Steers, 8%®9o; Cow« and Heifers,
7®7%c; thin Cowa. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — t%®3%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4%®5c; Ewes, 3%®4o pee
lb (gross weight).
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦ s
BEEF— 6&@7%e for Steer* and 6®6%o per
lb for Cows. .
VEAL— Large, 7%©8%c; small, 8®10c per lb.
¦ MUTTON— Wethers. 8®8%c; Ewea, 7%®8%e
per pound.
LAMB— Yearlings, 9^401Oc per lb; Spring
Lamb. 12%®15c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%©9o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS
Racelpts of Hogs about balance the Inquiry
and prices stand about as before. The recent
storms have hindered the delivery of livestock
Jnto this market more or less, and price* for
some descriptions show some change In conse
quence. Veal Is hleher and Spring: Lamb Is
so scarce that It is hardly quotable. One or
two houses are quoting higher for Mutton, but
most of them quote unchanged prices. There
Is little change in Beef.
San Francisco 'Meat Market.
NEW.. YORK STOCK LIST.
Atchlson ... .... 75>& Southern Ry 32%
Do pfd 96>i Do pfd 9 5 Vi
Bait & Ohio 104V* Texas & Pacific.. 39
Do pfd ........ 93% Tel St L. & W... 22
Canadian Paclfic.112% Do prd 40
Canada Southern. 87 Union Pacific ... 08%
Chesap & Ohio... 45^ Do pfd .... 87%
Chicago & Alton. 35ft Wabash ... 23 VI
Do pfd a. 75% Do pfd 42%
Chi Ind & Louis. 02% W & Lake Erie... 10
Do pfd ... .78% - Do 2d pfd . 30%
Chi & E Illinois. 150 Wisconsin Cen ... 20%
Chi & G "Western. 23% X>o pfd -*OMi
Do A pfd 87% Express Co —
Do B pfd...... 45V4 Adams ... 105
Chicago & N W..222Vj American ... ....230
C R I & Pacific. 162 Vi United States ...115
Chi Term & Tran. 1G% Wells Farso 193
Do pfd 32 Miscellaneous — •
C C C & St Louis. 99% Amalg Copper .. 68%
Colo Southern 23 Am Car & F 29
Do 1st nfd 68% Do pfd 88%
Do 2d pfd ... 37ft Am Linseed Oil .. 22
Dela & Hudson... 171 Do pfd ......:. 51
Dela Lack & W..282 Amer.Loco ...... 31%
Denver & Rio G.. 43 Do pfd 92
Do pfd 91 Am Smelt & Ref. 46%
Erie ... 37% Do pfd 98%
• Do. 1st pfd 67% Anaconda Mln Co. 32 %
Do 2d pfd .... 54% Brooklyn Rp Trn. 63%
Great North pfd. 183 Colo Fuel & Iron. 80%
Hocking Valley... 66 I Consolidated Gas .218
Do pfd 83 Con Tobacco pfd. 117 V4
Illinois Central ..139^ General Electric. 296
Iowa Central ... 47% Glucose Sugar ... 45%
Do rfd 80% Hocking Coal ... 16%
Lake Erie & W. 66% Internat Paper... 10%
Do pfd 130 Do Pfd .... 7SVi
Louis & NashvillelO3% Internat Power . 86
Manhattan L ...131 Laclede Gas .... 89
Metropolitan S R.167V6 National Biscuit. 46%
Mexican Central . 27% National Lead ... 17
Mexican National. 17% National Salt ... 23
Minn & St Louis. 108% Do pfd . . 63
Missouri Pacific.. 98% North American. . 92
M K & Texas.. 24 Pacific Coast 71
Do pfd 03% Pacific Mail 45V4
N J Central 191 People's Gas 99%
N Y Central ....162 - Pressed Steel Car. 39%
Norfolk & West. . 57V4 Do pfd 83%
Do Pfd .90 Pullman Pal Car.21S
Ontario & West.. 33 Republic Steel ... 16%
Pennsylvania ....1501.4 Dp. pfd 11%
Reading 54 Sugar 12(i%
Do 1st pfd 80% Tenn Coal & Iron. 6S
Do 2d pfd .... 6C Union B & P Co. 15%
St Louis & S F. G014 Do pfd ........ 79
Do 1st Pfd ... 83 U S Leather .... 11%
Do 2d Pfd 71% Do pfd 81%
St Louis S W . .. 24% U S Rubber 15%
Do pfd 55V- Do pfd 56
St Paul ... 162% U S Steel 43
Do pfd 1SS Do pfd ' 94%
Southern Pacific . 63% Western Union .. 90V4
Shares sold, 380,600.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2a reg 108% L & N uni 4s lOUi
Do ref 2s coup. 109 Mex Central 4s... 82%.
Do 3s reg 109 Mex Cent 1st inc. r.1%
Do 3s coupon... 109 Minn & St L 4s.. 102V.
Do new 4s' reg.. 139V} M K & T 4s 99%
Do new 43 coup.l39Vi Do 2ds S3
Do old 4s reg....lllV t NYC Ists 103%
Do old 4s coup. 112% Do gen 3%s 108
Do 5s reg 106% N J C gen 5s 137%
Do Gs coupon... 106% N PaciHc 4s 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 104% Do 3s 74%
Do adj 4s 93% N & W con 4a 103%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 104 . Reading gen 4s... 99 Vi
Do 3%S 96 St L & I M C 5s..lt8
Do conv 4s......lO«Vi St L & S F 4s... 9S%
Canada So 2ds..;.10S St L S-otestrn Ists. 9S%
Central of Ga 5s. 110% Do 2ds ... 79%
Do 1st inc.... 7"0 S A & A P 4s.... 91%
Chesa & O 4%s..lO7% S Pacific 4s 94%
Chicago & A 3V>s. 84V t S Railway 5s 120%
C B & Q new 4a.. 0$% Tex & Pac Ists.. 120%
C II & St P R 4s.. 113V. T St L & W 4s. . S4%
C & N con 7s 1ZH% U Pacific 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s.:.. 110% Do conv 4s. . ...105%
C C C & St L g 4S.10.1 Wabash Ists 119
Chicago Term 4s. 87'' Do 2ds..." Ill
Colo & So 4s 94^; Do deb B 73Vi
Denv & R G 4s. .102^ West Shore 4s.. ..112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% W & L E 4s..;... 91%
Do Gen 4s S7y± Wise Central 4s.. 8:)%
F W & D C lsts..ll-'$V' Con Tobacco 4s.. 05%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO9
SUMMARY- OF THE MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening 6 1% 6 % 6J4
Closing ........... 6 1%, -6% 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— . March. May- Aug.
Opening' ;... 20 70 2165
Closing ....'. .-.. 20 75-- 21 C5 .
• Flour — j
Opening 25 45 26 60
Closing 25 65 20 65
ONIONS— Oregons. $1 75@2 10 first hands;
Australian. $3@3 25; Green Onions, 00*3750
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 15®17%c per lb
for' No. 1 and .8@12%o for No. 2; Rhubarb,
7@0c; Green Peas, from Los Angeles, 3@6c;
String Beans, from Los Angeles. e@15c. In
cluding Wax; Cabbage;. 40® 50c per ctl; Los
Angeles Tomatoes, $1@1 25 per box and SI 20
@1 50 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $1@1 50
per box for repacked; Dried Peppers, 12%@I5c
per lb; Los Angeles do, 15@17%c; Dried Okra,
12^@15o per lb; Carrots, . 35@50c per sack!
Hothouse Cucumbers. $1® 125 per dozen for
large and 60@75c for small; Garlic/ 1%@2%c;
Los Angeles Green Peppers. 12w@20c; Mexi
can do. 10@15c: Egg Plant from Los Angeles.
»j Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $lfi>
1 50; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per' ton; Hub
bard Squash, S10; Mushrooms. 40c@$l 50 per
box.
POTATOES— f 1 10@l SO for Burbanks from
the 'fiver; Oregan Burbanks, $1 25<g>l 60; Ore-
r on Garnet Chiles, $1 35@1 50; River Reds,
1 50@l 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 65<31 00;
small Burbanks. for seed. $1 25@1 45; Sweets,
?1 40 for Merced. •
Receipts of Los Angeles Vegetables were
large . yesterday, something unusual for Tues
day. .- The .bulk of the receipts were In poor
condition owing: to the rain In the south, and
most kinds were lower. Choice Peas and Beans
sold. well at full figures, but there waa a large
amount sold even below the quotations. Re
ceipts of. Asparigus were 61 boxes and prices
were about the ¦ same. . Rhubarb was weaker
under .larger receipts. Four sacks of Peaa
came in from Alameda County and sold at 6@7c
per lb. The Panama steamer brought up 222
cases of Tomatoes and Peppers.
The weak feeling in Onions continues. This
may bo accounted for to some extent by the
poor- quality of most of the stock on Rand.
Except for a small inquiry for strictly fancy
offerings,' the demand Is limited. Green Onions
are .coming in more freely and sell readily at
the quotations.
.The Potato market was quiet under liberal
supplies and prices remained unchanged. The
steamer Area ta from Coos Bay brought down
2550 sacks and", few sales were made on, the
¦wharf. Dealers expect- a. firmer market this
week, as receipts per steamer due Thursday aro
expected to be light. Early Rose are very
scarce and In demand for seed. Other Seed Po
tatoes are slow at present, but will, pick up
if . the clear weather lasts.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
"Wool, 40@60c each; medium. 654f75c; long
Wool. SOc@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 76
@3 for large 'and $2 60 for medium. $1 7B@2
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for larKe.-$l 25® 1 50 for medium. fl 25
for amall and 50o for Colts. Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins,
30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. Me;
medium, 35c. /
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. VAQec per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease.- 2% @3c. " _ ¦
WOOL— Fall, San Joaquin. 6®8c; San Joa
quln Lambs'. 7}i@8^c; Middle County. 8®10o
per lb; Valley Oreson. spring-. ,15@15%c; do
fall. 14@15c per lb. • '_.
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12%@14c per lb
for ecod to choice. Local dealers quote 15®
17%c for shipment.
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
0@0^c; California, 8@8^4c; Rape, i 1%@2%c;
Hemp, 3V>c per Id.
. DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
narket Was firm; creameries, 18® 26c;. dairies,
8@23c. Cheese, firm, 10%@12%c. Eggs, weals,
'resh, 22c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
' Continued strength and activity In Market
Street Railroad was the feature on the Bond
Exchange on the morning session, the stock
Belling up to $95. an advance of $1 25 over the
close of the preceding day.. Sprln- VaMev
Water wag also firm, selling at SIXTH'S!)' 7%
There were no other changes of note Th<» .-.'n
stocks were -quiet. e 0U
In the afternoon Market Street Railroad wo.
firm at * 05®05 25. the other stocks remalnTn*
unchanged. , *
The Alaska Packers' Association will na-o
dividend No. Ofl of SI on the 12th P y
Four Oil will pay a dividend of lc on the
STOCK AND BOND ESCHANG£.
TUESDAY. March 4—2 p. m .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.r Bid A«V
H n q r r %??¦£]$#}]& V qrc fn «w)lS:)Hi^ji
4s qr reg. . . .111 ; 4 lllv v 4 3s qr coup ..
8
AUCTION SALES
Auction Sale^
MISSION STREET STABLES, 818 Mission St
Between Fourth, and Fifth.
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY, March 6, at 11 a, m.
By order of.M. Fltrpatrick. who Is retlrtmt
from business on account of 111-heaUn, I win
sell tha contents of the above stables without
reserve, consisting of 40 head of good horses.
15 buggies. 15 wagons. 2 rubber-tired bus-
Rles, 1 vuttey X sooa hack as good as new.
40 seta of harness, robes, blankets, etc.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
Office 837 Sixth Street.OAKLAND, March 4.— Licenses, to marry
were- issued to-day to Frederick A* Koe
nlg. 28, and Jane. E. Jewell, 24. both of
San "Francisco; Louis M. Derrick,' 21 and
over,: and Louise M. Murray. 18 and over,
both of San Francisco; • Andrew Graslund;
42, and Ida Nyqulst, S3, both of Oakland;
Arthur R. LanRloy, - 36. Vlntorla, B. C,
and Snide P. Wlllard, 32, Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, March 4.— Archbishop Rior
dan* has purchased . from Mrs. Rose M.
Shattuck . a . piece of property 300. feet
square on Mllvia street, between Center
street and Allston way, Berkeley; the deed
to which was' placed on record to-day.
The Bite is stated to bo Tor the. reception
of a new church building or the building
in the western section of Berkeley now
occupied, by' the Catholic organization.
The location is central ¦ and Is opposite
the ,Tpwn Hall. . ., ,
Archbishop Eiordan Makes Purchase
Henry W.' Krtiger, a ualoon-keeper at
821 IxHilslana street, swore out, warrants
in Judgo CabanlsV court ycaterduy for tho
arrest of Henry Gartlick, Thomas Mc-
Urldo and William Murphy, non-union
machinist*, on a chargo of threats to kill.
The accuswd and two other* were arreBt
ed Bunday night for ruining ft disturb
ance in Krugor'H (saloon and tho cano is
Btlll pending before Judge Mogan. Kru
gcr alleges that the threo men named
nailed at his saloon Monday night and
that one of -thorn presented a revolver fit
him and said they would shoot his head
off as Boon as the charge of disturbing tho
peace was disposed of. .
Threaten to Kill a Saloon-Keeper.
MacLeod, Township Trustee, pleaded
guilty in the United States Circuit Court
to the charge of violating: the United
States banking law-. It is charged that
They obtained something more than $10,000
from the old National Bank upon fraudu
lent checks. The money was afterward
paid back.
Admit They Committed Fraud.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. March 4.— Ex-
Oity Attorney L. K. Salisbury and 6. V.
KEEPS EMBARGO
ON MARRIAGES
day evening and did not return till about
half past 10 o'clock, when it was quickly
discovered that some one had been there
during their absence. Every bureau
drawer had been ransacked and the parlor
was denuded of most of Its bric-a-brac
The burglars effected an entrance by forc
ing open the kitchen window with a "jim-
m Yl ,_ T^y ¦ had apparently made their
exit by the samo way, as the window
was found open. - _
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
School Board Refuses to
\ Change Rule Regard
ing Weddings.
SUDDEN DEATH.— John II. Sheehan. a rail
road employe 65 years old, died suddenly at
tha Railroad Hospital last Monday afternoon
freni apoplexy.
CAREL.BS3 DRIVER IS ARRESTED —
Carl von Rosan, driver of a delivery wigon
ran into Policeman W. G. Brown on Market
street yesterday and wa3 arrested for battery.
R^DER GETS SIX MONTHS— O«car Ryder
who stole threo legs of mutton and six pounds
of beef from a butcher shop on Sixth Btr««t,
was sentenced yesterday to nix months' Im
prisonment in the; County Jail.
BHBEPMAN PLEADS GUILTT. — Juan
Etchenberry, Indicted for unlawfully pasturing
sheep on thn Blerra forest rcKerve, pleaded guil
ty in tha United States District Court yester
day. He will bo sentenced Saturday.
8TOL.B CHAMPAONK.-rOUonra Arr««t!<l»
was bpok«d at th* City Prison y«st«rd<vy on a
charge ,of burglary. He entered tho bondod
war«moun<i at 101-B VRlleJo utrcnt Monday
afternoon and utole a cans of champagne.
imVBnEATJX 8EI0K8 DAMAGES.— Mlcha«l
DevorcHUx, a laborer, who wlilli at *oi!t la
t ditch on Telmina itreot lait December wrn
¦iv«rely Inluroil by bell)* utruck by * barrel
of 1>«er which f«ll from a wagon owned by th«
lltbornlrt Hr«w<iry, filed » nuif for <25,072 dam
fl.g«* MK-ulnnt. tho lirovviry yrmtri-iiny,
BBItNARD CONWAY FOUND DJJAR-Ber
nard Conway, formerly proprietor of th« "Our
llouet" Mloou on Market iitrMt, near fllxth,
was found .dead In b«d . y«itor<lcty tnornltiK «t
tha rr*l>irnr<i of hlM Min-ln-Uw, P. If. Lacy,
120ft. McAMInUr Ktreet. - Conway -was 70 year*
old iirid liu>l b««n sick for soveral weeks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 4.
The annual battlo Jn ihq Board of Edu
cation concerning the status of women
teachers, who marry, has been fought out,
and the embargo on those who forsake
the single state is maintained.
Superintendent McClymondB before the
board last night declared it waa his opin
ion that women teachers who married
should resign their, positions.
Director Cllft pointed out tho legal a»~
pect of tho situation by declaring that the
Board of Education had no power to en
forco"t|i« rulo tlmt requlrca h, woman
teacher to resign when ihe rnarrlca.
School Director Dr. Myra Knox( de
clared her opinion to ho that a man who
allowed his wlf« to support him was
Bpoliod. ¦
The rule* as they stand require that a
teacher hIiu.H resign immediately upon Imr
marriage. Director Cllft objected to that
It wiim explained that the regulation had
novor h,een enforced and. that prospective
brides were given nmplo tlmn in which to
arrange their affairs. The Director
thought tho rules' should bo amended to
meet tho custom, -but after a voto the
board decided to let the matter stand as
It is now. So women teachers who wqd
must Hurrendcr their ponltlona. '
Passed Fictitious Check.
John Ltipl, proprietor of the Pup restau
rant, swore to a complaint In Judgo
Cabanlsst' court yesterday charging Dr.
John A. Decker, a dentist, with passing
r fictitious check.' IjUpI said that Decker
and two friends dined at the restaurant
Monday night and Decker gavti him in
payment a check for. $65 drawn on the
Union .Trust and Loan Company, receiv
ing the change in cash. When the check
was i presented at the bank . yesterday
morning Lupi was informed >hat Decker
did not have an account there.
Name Is Too Long.
The Pacific Society [ for " the Prevention
of Cruelty? to Children and ¦ Animals and
tho Suppression of Vice petitioned the Su
perior: Court yesterday for permission to
change its name to Pacific Humane So
ciety. The extreme length of the present
name" :1a,; the 1 , reason . assigned ., for the
change.*', , ¦':'"' .' -..• '¦" ""'•.'.¦'¦', : , :
Makes a Successful Debut.
The largo audience that gathered at
Sherman &¦ Clay. Hall ( last night was
agreeably surprised tfy somo vcry;clevor
violin playing dono by a young girl, Misa
Alieen McCabe. Little Misa McCabe, who
is a charming and pretty child, In addi
tion to her musical gifts, is a pupil of
Noah: Brandt, well known In local vio
lin circles. The master has every reason
to be congratulated on the pupil, the child
having a sound, 1 robust technique, - large,
fine', tone, and an astonishingly correct
Intonation. She has a good, i'reo bow
arm.an agile left hand, and plays with
dash and certainty. The little violinist's
numbers. were De Beriofs seventh violin
concerto,, "3cena de Ballet,", by the same
composer; •'Fantaislo Caprice," Vieux
temps, and"L<esende," Wieniawski. 1 Mrs.
Eva Tenney assisted and furnished agree
able variety ' wltn'^-'My :•'.' Heart ' at- - Thy
Sweet Voico"., (Salnt-Saensi; and . tho fa
vorite.Dell'Acqua "Chanson Provencale."
Burglars Make a Good Haul;
The police' were | notified yesterday . that
the residence of J. Bamberper, 1UZV& Hyde
street, liad.been entered by burglars Mon
day night and' Jewejry; and, bric-a-braa of
the/valuo of about $200 stolen. The family
left the hoqse shortly after 8 o'clock Moht
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN. 13 MIPNIQIIT.
Square- rigger, 25 miles. SW: ««hr • Melanc
thon, - schr Qbtama, achr J M Weatherwax,
BC hr Novell .' SA1^ D . . ;
' ' . ' ', '¦, ¦' ¦ . Tuesday, March 4,
8tmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendoclno City.
FOREIGN POUT.
VANCOUVER, B C— ArrlvedJJ March 4— Br
Rtmr Kmprewi of India, C:15 p m,- fronvHong
lconK and way ports. '20 «aloon passenger*. • .
Indorse Mayor Schmitz's Views.
The position taken by Mayor Schmitz
on the water question was indorsed by
the Nuevo Potrero Improvement Club at
its meeting- last jught. After disposing
of the routine work the following resolu
tion was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, by the Nuevo Potrera Improvement
Club, That we indorse and approve the able
and comprehensive message delivered by hi*
Honor Mayor Schmitz to the Board of Super
visors on the subject of the water rates. And
bo It further
Resolved. That w« call upon tha Board o£
Supervisors to- sustain the position taken hy
his Honor the Mayor and not increass th<^
water rates a single dollar, as it would be un
warranted and deemed an injustice to the peo
ple, in view of the present rates and these
suKges'cd by the Mayor.- And be it further
• Reso'Ved. That wa heartily Indorse the nobl<»
stand taken by Supervisors Connor and Braun
hart on the question of fixing the rates for
water for the present year.
ALAilEDA. March 4.— Thaddeus Fitch.
an old and widely known resident, pasxtd
away at his hom«, 1812 Morton street, lasit
night. He was formerly engaged in th«
real estate business, but because o( Ill
health of late years bad lived in retire
ment. Deceased was 55 years of nste and
a native of llllnojs. He camato Califor
nia forty-six years ago. He leaves a wife.
Death of Thaddeus Fitch.
Lived Fifty Years in Berkeley
BERK ELK Y. March 4. -liana Uolstr
i,mi. who for tho last hulf century Im*
ma. !-• hi* homo in ilili city. .Ii<-.1 Kit*
l;i«t nlirht «t hla rexltlcni-p, 800 AUston
way. He wai a natlvn nt Denmark.
iiKvil 77 yearn. A wife nnd tw» won*.
William J. and Thrnntm V. Hot«Rrson.
i.urvlvo Mm. Mr. KulKernon camo in
Berkeley when thero wero but six houa«>a
hero find for tho last twenty-six y<-ar»
htt had made hl» homo whero hn dlud.
Tho funoral will bo held to-morrow after
noon at 2 o' clock front the Westminister
l'rcsbyterlnn Church.
William L.yal, a cook residing at B17
Sanchez street, called on the wife of Er
nest Miller, a" sallmakor, living at b>
Hancock street, last nlKht, while Miller
was absent. Miller arrived homo In time,
however, to intercept Lyal aa he was
leaving tho house and beat him on tho
head with a club. l.yal had a aoverr
wound of tho scalp dressed at the City
and County Hospital and the police arn
now ¦"» tho trull of Miller.
Severely Beaten With a Club.
John Reid and Thomas E. Collins have
petitioned the Superior Court for letters
of administration upon "the estate of the
late Alexander Martin, whose will was
filed for probata yesterday. Martin, who
for forty years occupied tho position of
coiner at the mint, left anestate which
the' petitioners claim "exceeds in value
$10,000 to his children, IMabel Cora Martin
and Stanley Martin. The daughter get*
two-thirds of the estate and the con one
third.
Leaves Estate to Children.
CAPE TOWN, March 4.— Cecil Rhodes, who
has" been 111 for some time past, is improving.
SAN JOSE. March 4. — More than $300,000
is to be divided among the prune growers by
the California Cured Fruit Association the
coming week.
VALLEJO, March 4.— A letter from the U.
S S. Philadelphia, dated Panama, February
16, announces the suicide of Charles Hug. a
seaman well known in this city.
PACIFIC • GROVE. March 4.— The lata Gen
eral Thomas J. Butler of Arizona, who died
here on Sunday.' was burled to-day at El
Carmelo Cemetery. The funeral was conducted
by the^ Masons. '¦ ¦
VALLEJO, March 4. — John Rltson, a butch
er, and the cook of the Howard House, named
Caesar, fought yesterday and Rltson bit oft
the cook's nose. Ritson fled. A doctor is try
ing to graft the nose back on Caesar's face.
, BERLIN,' March 4,— The Tariff Committee
of the Reichstag to-day raised the duty on
barley malt from 6 mark3 23 pfennigs to 10
marks 25 pfennigs. On other kinds of malt
the duty was raised from Q marks to 11 marks.
ST. PETERSBURG. March- 4.— The students
and "working'men here are secretly preparing 1
for a monster demonstration to take . place
March 7. They hope to pet 20,000 men through
the military cordons and reach the center of
the city.
MELBOURNE, Victoria. March 4. — A. single
case of the plague has been reported here. It
was traced to a steamer from Sydney, N. J5.
W There have been forty-six plague cases at
Sydney since the outbreak ttlere, ot which four
teen'have'proved fatal.
VANCOUVER, ' ."Was"- March 4. —United
States revenue officers raided an illicit distilling
plant near here last night. A complete outfit
for making brandy and other liquors from fruit
juices was confiscated and destroyed. A. J.
Alley, owner of the plant, is missing.
INPIANAPOLIS. March 4. — Mayor Book
waiter says that he will not allow Sunday
baseball here because it would be In violation
of the State law. This will disarrange the
American Association schedule. Manager Wat
kins eaya there will be -Sunday ball or no ball
at all.
MODESTO, March 4. — Scthen Boren and John
Stelner, prisoners in the County Jail, eaweti
their way out of a cell and broke through a
closed radiator .last night. On reaching tho
outside, they were' surprised by City Marsftail
Young . and Deputy Sheriff Klernan and re
turned to the jail.
THE DAY'S DEAD ,
WASHINGTON. ' March 4.— Tho President
and Mrs. Hooaevelt to-night gave a largely at
tended musicals at tho Whim House. The
guests Included tlie members of the Cabinet
and their families, th© foreign F.mbasimdor".
Senators an4 Representative* In Congress and
a contlnffcnt of resident ioclety.
Miss Lena 0. Payne.
NEW YORK, March l.-John Mohn, 70
yeare old, for many year* confidential
agont of J. H. UukkIii. tho' California nil ¦
v«r king ntijl horneman, dropped dead of
apoplexy in tho stroot thl» afternoon.
GILTtOY, March 4.-Mlsn I*na C.
X'ayno died last night at tho ngo nf 2»
of consumption/, Sho wna a graduuto oC
the Ollroy Hlffh School and a recent stu
clont at the utato Normal School In' San
Jose,
Mrs. Caroline Clark.
FORT SCOTT, Kans. v March 4.-Mrs.
Caroline Clark, said to have been the old
est white woman resident of Kansas,
died at her homo near Uammuml to-day,
aged SI years. She came to Kansas in
1838, locating at Fort L»eavenworth, whero
she married a non-commissioned officer. !n
the regular army. During the Civil War
she accompanied the Sixth Kansas Cav
alry as nurae, served water and coffee to
the men rfn the battle line and .was
known as "Mother of the Regiment."
special bill -to permit her burial In the
National Cemetery here is now pending
before Congress.
Named for Teachers' Certificates.
The City Board of Examination yester
day recommended that the following
teachers' certificates he granted by the
Board of.Education:
JUgluBchool'certlflcates-'-Paul Castelhun, C.
J. Houston, Henry C. Hall and Miss Nettle E
Both. ¦..-.'- . .
Grammar School certificates— MlS9 - Isabella
Binkson and Miss Ida i:. Carrick.
Grammar (rrado certificates — Miss Mary L.
Boylan and Miss Kstelle Houghton.
Permanent grammar school certificates — Miss
Mona Browne, Miss Estelle Everett. Miss Car-
Tie Haas and Miss Josephine It. Ambrose. .
" Recommended to the State Board of Kduca
tion for grammar : school Ufa diplomas — Miss
Gertrude Cohen and lira. A. L. Mullen.
The Figel-Grimm Copper and Milling
Company wa* organised March 1. The
officers are: Max primm, -Stockton, pr^Hl
dont; H, 'Hainan, San Francisco, vico
president; E. P. Flgel, 8an Francisco, «ec
retary and treawurer. The company owns
160 acres of land in what is known as the
Copper Belt of Marlpoaa County, lying in
the northeastern part of tho county, 'about
si'Vmii iniU-H northeast of I<<» Grande. Con
siderable work ban been done on tho prop
prty lt| tho way of dovwloplnjr. A shaft
han boon sunk to a depth of fifty foot
and h tunnel run etxty foot. A good grado
of oro han been uncovered, a couttldornblo
quantity being: in night that hhhuvh h\uh.
Tho company bcllovas tho property is lino
and will protend to work the mine ori •».
large aca(p nt im early date.
In South Africa we compress centuries of
mining history into decades and we hold the
world's record In mining for rapidity . in ex
ploitation, drilling and holstine. At Klmber
iey 2000 tons have been hoisteo up a ICOO-foot
shaft In one day, while at the Simmer and Jack
we cent down a 22x20 shaft about 220 feet in
one month. We had at any expense grot men
from the Calumet and Hecla and other com
panies to do this, but ' the work was really
done not by them, " but by young- Xellowa just
out of college, whom we told to go ahead and
use their brains. South Africa rivals Ambrlca
in disrespect for tradition. In fact its bright
est pioneers are Americans, and the leading
figure among Johannesburg engineers fa Ilen
nen Jennings, a Harvard graduate.
There) are many problems ahead of the Rand,
the chief being that of power. There are no
navigable rivers and practically no waterfalls.
The Kaffir, of whom there are 100,000 in the
Rand, Ib lazy and dissolute, and the war lias
made him worce and scarcer, while the climate
makes white menial labor impossible. The
Kafnr will work only long enough to buy a
few wives to support him the rest of his days.
j AKLAND, March 4.— An Oriental
j ¦/ \\ evening is to be given on March
I 1\ J/ 21 by the youns Ia dles of theChrls-
tiari 1 Endeavor Society of the-First
Methodist Church. This society
Js becoming quite noted for. the origin
ality of its entertainments, and the com
ing event promises to surpass all previ
ous efforts in that respect. It is to be
an invitational affair and the young la
dies expect to, entertain more than 200
guests.
The reception will take place In the
stamps in the district, which can crush 7,000, t
000 tons a year. The war haa blown over Jo
hannesburg without doing' auy vital damage' to
the plants.
parlors of the church and the decorations
are to, be attractive, the gay
colors of the Orient lending themselves
readily to pleasing effects. Then the
young girls on . the reception committee
will all be garbed in quaint Chinese anil
Japanese costumes. In. one corner of the
room a tent will be erected for the use of
lgmo'ri,.the famous Egyptian seefess, who
has promised to be on hand to read tho
palms of all who wish to know the futurp.
Among the numbers on the programme,
which will also be of an oriental nature.
•Oriental games will be played, including
an amusing i"fan race" to be run by the
young ladies In 'costume.'.,..'
The : reception committee includes Miss
Ellen Fearh, Miss Edna Bolton, the
Misses Hazel and Helen Burton, - Miss
Clara Norman, Miss Dorothy Kearns,
Miss Alice Wright, the Misses Bessie and
Vita Swift, Miss Elise Brdckway. Miss
Ruby Thompson, Misa Oma Crouch,' Miss
Vi vienne Clark and Miss Rela Hoffman.
James H. Cobblediek is chairman of the
decoration committee.
will be a song by a young Japanese En
deavorer.
early to-day destroyed half a block ot
buildings in the heart of the city, entail
ing a loss of $75,000 and resulting in in*
juries to se\ r eral guests and employes of
the Tremont Hotel.
The injured are Lulu Stephens, waitress,
serious: Mrs. Bessie Madden, waitress:
Birdie Myers, waitress; J. H- Jayne, land
lord; Jacob Kuekle. serious; George C.
Eteffcy, salesman. Chicago.
Many of the guests of the hotel Jumped
from the first floor balcony to the pave
ment in their night clothes.
Guests of a Hotel Jump to the Pave
ment When Flames
Threaten.
MARSH ALLTOWN, la.. March 4.— Fire
LEAP FROM BALCONY
TO SAVE THEIR LIVES
FIVE MEMBERS OF THE RECEPTION COMMITTEE WHO WILL WELCOME THE GUESTS AT THE "ORIEN
TAL EVENING*' TO BE GIVEN BY THE YOUNG LADIES OF THH CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR SOCIETY OF
THE FIRST METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH. ,
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
. Receivers the size of the ordinary tele
phone mouthpiece were placed among the
footlights. Mmc. Nordica did not learn
of the shrewd arrangements for the tele
phone concert until a few minutes before
ringing the last number. She was Indig
nant and almost refused to sing the clos
ing selections. She said that those who
heard her by telephone would have a false
impression of her singing. . ¦' ,--if I -«
WICHITA, Kans., March 4.— Lillian
Nordlca sang to an audience of 2000 per
sons to-night. A curious feature of the
concert was the transmission of the music
by telephone to various parts of the city,
also to other cities, even to Kansas City.
cf the People of
Kansas.
SCHEME BY TELEPHONE
MAXES NORDICA ANGRY
Singer Objects to Peculiar Methods
The Board of Public Works submitted
yesterday to the Supervisors an appraise
ment of a tract of land extending north
erly from Corbett avenue along the west
erly side of Lincoln avenue, having an
area of fifty-ono acres, to serve as a basis
for the proposed park to be located on
Twin Peaks. The value placed upon this
property by H. P. Sonntag is $10,800. City
Engineer Grunsky reports that the acqui
sition of the tract will put Twin Peaks in
possession of the city, but /or parkins
purposes and -for convenient access to
the hilltop the area Is too small. Grunsky
says the easterly thirty-one ac»e3 of a
tract of land owned by the Market and
Stanyan Streets and Golden "Gate Park
Improvement Company should be adde«'«
to the fifty-one acres, the total value of
which. la placed at $71,800. Other adjacenr
tracts would raise the value to $135,900
for 161.87 acres. With the larger an»a
there would be the two main summits,
each 900 feet of altitude, with a lessor
summit S60 feet high and a southwesteify \
spur with a summit SOu feet in altitude. "*
sition of Increased Area for
Park Purposes.
Board of Works Recommends Acqui-
APPRAISES VALUE OF
TWIN PEAKS TRACT
NEW YORK, March 4.— The following
Calif ornians are in New Tork: From San
Francisco— G. Griffith, J. G. Paten, J. H.
Fannin, all at the Imperial; T. H. B. Var
ney, at the Normandlej E, S. Gilbert, at
the Criterion; Miss Hawkins, at the Hol
land; W. M. Newhall, at the Manhattan;
J. Schlosser, at the Belvedere; C. Bag
goe, H. A. Erke, J. H. Gardemeyer, C. H.
Kanstemer, N. C. Nelson, at the Bar
tholdi; T. M. Grant, at the Cosmopolitan;
R. 'J. Jose and wife, at the Gilsey; Mrs.
M. Schmitt, at the Savoy.
From Los Angeles— H. C. Ackerly, W.
Dieterle/at the Astor.
Calif ornians in New York.
Third race, hurdle handicap, one and a quar
ter.- miles, over Ave hurdles — Mr. Rosa won,
Eva Sloe second. Gould third.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles — In
trusive- won. Mynheer second, Scarlet Lily
third. Time. 1:47.
Fifth race, selling, one and a half miles —
Deloraine won. Silver Coin second, Major Man
sir third. Time, 2:30.
Sixth race, selling:, mile and seventy yards —
Van Hcorebeke won. Pay the Fiddler second,
Lovable third. Time, 1:47. .
First race, selling-, ono and a sixteenth
miles — Big Injun won, Crosby second, Maple
third. Time. 1:48%.
Second race, selling, six furlongs — Ben Hul
lum won. Sir Christopher second, John "Grigsty
third. Time, 1:14%.
NEW ORLEANS, March 4.— A series of
mishaps occurred in the hurdle race to
day. Carlovingian bolted over the out
side fence at the third jump, broke his leg
and was shot. Torrean tripped over a dog
as he rounded the far turn and fell. J.
Weber, who had the mount, broke his
collarbone. Roberto Morrison fell at the
fourth jump, but escaped serious injury.
Summary:
a Number of Mishaps.
Hurdle Event at New Orleans Causes
ACCIDENTS MAR BACTNG.
Friends of the Nicaragua route in the
Senate, who have been made acquainted
with the substance of this report. Insist
that it is a finishing: blow for the Panama
project and predict that it will hasten,
action in favor of the Nicaragua route by
the full committee and greatly assist the
passage of the bill in the Senate.
In Senator Foster's report, which will bo
submitted to the full committee no late*
than next Monday several new points
are made against the Panama route and
it is said by Senators familiar with the
canal situation that it will be impossible
to controvert them either in committee or
on the floor of tho Senate. This report
has been Bgreed to by Senators Morgan,
Mitchell, Foster and Turner. Senator
Prltchard was not present and Senator
Kittridge will make the minority report.
The Bub-committee finds that it will bo
impossible for this Government to pur*
chase the Panama Railroad, owned by
the Paftama Canal Company, except by
an act of Congress, and in addition the
consent of the New York Legislature.
Btlll further an act of the Colombian
Congress will be necessary to govern the
use and disposal of its concessions to the
Panama Company by this Government.
After this it will also become necessary
to deal with the Colombian Government
by treaty. v
A new and important objection to th»
Panama project is found by the eub-cora
mittee in the law enacted in France,
June IS, 1SSS, by which it is made incum
bent on the Panama Canal Company to
use in construction only tho machinery
made in France. It is further provided
by this law that all of the material used
In the work on the canal shall be of
French origin. This law still stands and
provides for a substantial monopoly which
France is not likely to give up in. a hurry.
Before our Government could purchase
the Panama concessions the repeal of this
law would first be necessary.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
TV., WASHINGTON. March 4.— Sentiment
in favor of the construction of an isth.
mian canal by the Nicaragua route has
received new and substantial support in
ihe recommendation of the Eub-comraittee
of the Committee on Interoceanic Canals
against the purchase of the Panama con
cessions. This sub-committee has agreed
en points of Its report to the full com
mittee and Senator Foster Is now engaged
in drawing It up in proper form.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Drs. Compton and W. W. Johnston had
a consultation to-day and said later that
they hoped for recovery.
Belmont first began to suffer from in
fluenza a week ago yesterday. Symptoms
of pneumonia and disturbances of the
stomach soon appeared. His condition
was not at first regarded as serious, but
he grew worse.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— It was stated
to-night that O. H. P. Belmonfs condi
tion was serious. Mrs. Belmont. who
came from the South on a special train
last night, has been at her husband's bed
side all day. The crisis in the disease,
which is pneumonia, has not yet been
reached and until that comes Belmonfs
friends say that it is not safe to call him
entirely put of danger. ¦ .
'¦Mr. Belmont passed a good night last
night," said- Dr. William Penn Compton,
bis physician. "The condition of his
stomach is so much improved that ha is
now able to retain nourishment. Com
plications resulting from disturbances of
the stomach have all along given rise to
greater uneasiness than the pneumonia
symptoms."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Principal Martin would not reply to the
charges to-day. He said he would reserve
his defense for the investigation, if there
is one.
Mrs. Henderson says that she informed
Principal Martin not to administer any
corporal punishment to her child, and
that he has bo far obeyed her wishes.
Mrs. Baumann complains that he slappeu
her daughter Clara when there was no
need for it. „. '
. There is a rule of the department that
forbids corporal punishment except in
extreme cases, but the parents "htnk the
principal has considered that corporal
punishment fits all cases.
"I sent six children to the Piedmont
School, and I never had any trouble until
Principal Martin came. I objected to him
because of the way he whipped my boy.
I went to him about it once and he v>ns
very discourteous in hl3 treatment of mr.
When I told him I would see the Schoo!
Superintendent, he said: 'Very well,
madam,, you can go right out the fronr
door and take the first car.' That is
what we've had to contend with rigr.t
along 1 . I aend my boy to a private school
now."
Mrs. Frank Katzenberg of Linda avenua
says that she was forced to take her child
from school at the beginning of this
term because of tho conduct of the prin
cipal. . Mrs. Katzenberg said:
"Willie Tullet, who was expelled by ttu?
principal, says that before he was f orceil
to quit the school Martin beat him black
and blue with a bat. The boy is twelve
years old.
"He fired me for teasing the girls," said
Willie to-day. "Before that he beat m;
with a stick while the janitor held me. He
said I threw orange peels around the
yard, but I didn't."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 111S Broadway, March 4.
Following the charges made by E. o.
Thompson \n a communication that was
read before the Board of Kducation last
night against Irvin D. Martin, principal
of the Piedmont School, complaints are
coming from other parents whose childrea
have been subjected to flogging at the
hands of the principal. The people 'of th*
district have generally felt that Principal
Martin has not been judicious fa the
chastisement of the ""children that have
been confided to his care and that he is
unduly anxious to use hi3 rod and frowns.
The Rand 1* the world's richest storehouse
nf gold, all in what th» West would call a
little patch cf ground, twenty-five miles eitber
side of Johannesburg. It resembles anything
but a mining district, having the appearance
of a grazing country, .the reefs are accessible
and rather easily worked. . The deposits are
unique in their unparalleled persistence of ore.
which 1* interspersed In the quartz and pa ml
etone. If- is not of very high quality, yielding
about |10 per ton. There are about 10,000
John Hays Hammond . says that tho
Witwatersrand mines in South Africa
have only about .thirty years of future
life, in his opinion, which means a future
yield of not much more than $3,000,000. In
eight or ten years after peace the ; Rand
will have reached Its zenith. Since its
discovery in 1885 the Rand has yielded
$400,0«0,000 In gold. Just before the war
th« yield was at the rate of $100,000,000 per
annum. Hays Mr. Hammond.
View of the Band.
Tim Altoona Mining- Company has bond
c<\ the Falrvlew mine, near Minersvllle,
Trinity County, from the owners, at
$00,000.
Prospecting has been resumed on the
O'Brien ranch near Sheep Dip, Yuba
County. Three drills will be operated
during the »ea»on.
Tim North Hill hydraulic min.H In Culu
viTitH County, near Milton, are operating.
A *lxty*fltfimp mill will bo placed by the
Angels Quartz Minim,' Company, . •
The report In circulated llint good oro
liiiH been utruck in the IJonnWs lie© mlno
in Nevada County, near KmlKi.mi Gap.
Th« Ournow quartz mino near Columbia
Hill 1* under a $10,000 bond. Tho Califor
nia mine »t Nevada City will bo worked
again.
TThft niu« Eagle Gold Mining Company
ha« bought from A. Carter the lllue
t:.-u:lf tunnel and tunnel «lte and the Hlua
KflKl** nnrt Elizabeth mill hHch near Car
ter*. Ttiolumn<! County. A good ledge la
reported to have been uncovered In tho
Experimental Gulch mine near Colum
bia. The Golden \Wst Mining find Mill
ing Company linn bonded the Cotmitock
ranch, near Columbia, for $30,000. Nagrl
& Thomas arc developing thplr New Era
and California minea on tho mother lode
near Columbia.
The ore in the tunnel will be worked from
the surface, having a fall of 1100 feet to the
track where the cars will take it tfi the mill.
The first bin will hold 800 tons, after which
it is put through two rock breakers, each hav
ing a crushing capacity of fourteen tons per
hour, and falls into a bin holding 3200 tons.
A cleanup room will be inside the mill build
ing. The cyanide plant will be a tube mill,
handling ten tons dally. This company has
cpent over $44,000 in wages Blnce July, and
since the work was first started nearly $100,
000 has been put out. W. O. Ralston, general
manager, now has about 2,600,000 tons of ore
in tsleht. all of good grade.
Prospecting Continues.
More prospecting is under way near
Pilot Hill and Centervllle. Kl Dorado
County, than at any time In several
yean*. The Julian quartz mine will be re
opened by the parties who have it under
bond.
There is now a tunnel 4200 feet long, seven
feet high by eight feet wide, thoroughly tim
bered, with a car track three feet wide to ac
commodate electric cars each holding seven
tons of ore, on the 1100 level, while on the 875
level there Is a tunnel 2200 feet long. The
crosscuts and drifts will make up nearly two
miles of underground work. The mill consists
of sixty stamps nearly ready to drop, with
•lxty more on the ground to be put up. There
are twelve Wllfley and Halleck and twenty
four Frue vanners, with two Gates rock break
ers. The motive power will be by water taken
from the Stanislaus through a flume, tunnel
and ditch nearly four miles long. The flume
Is built of wood and cost $2S,591
The Calaveras Prospect says that the
placing of 120 stamps at the Melones
mines is about completed. Saye the Pros
pect:
Something is doing in" Rich Gulch, Cal
averas County. According to the Cal
averas Clironicle the Anglo-Saxon Com
pany has opened up nine ledges that run
parallel and at short distances from each'
other. The Salvator Gold Mining Com
pany has opened a vein of ore on the Cal
averas River near the marble belt. The
Mead Company is Binking its shaft.
The Tuqlumne Independent reports that
the Stockton gravel mine at Jupiter has
resumed work. The Jamestown Mining
and Milling Company has transferred to
Charles H. Treat of Lbs Angeles a bond
on the Badger mine. The property is six
miles east from Jamestown. The bond
also includes the Calker and Annie Dwyer
quartz mine. The John Royal mine, two
miles east from Columbia, has been bond
ed to Eugene C. Day and others. The
Eureka quartz mine, west of the Confi
dence mill site, has been sold to the Con
fidence Mining and Milling Company. A
nugget weighing more than 136 ounces and
valued at|2300 'is reported to have been
found at woodbury's hydraulic mine near
Yankee Hill.
Manager Brown of the Trinity Copper
Company denies that there is an intention
to construct a joint smelter at Kennet.
Notes in Field.
It is very much nearer to the mines than
any of the Atlantic coast eities. and with the
completion of an interoceanlc canal it will be
equally near to all of the consuming markets
of commodities. The canal will restore nat
ural lines of movement to the assembling vt
raw materials an4 the distribution of com
modities manufactured from them. The one
will co outward to the nearest seacoast as
sembling point, the other Inland from th«
nearest coast port. Ban Francisco, on the Pa
cific coast, will, just as has New York on the
Atlantic coast, become the principal point t£
assembling and distribution.
San Francisco Bay and its extensions, San
Pablo and Suisun bays, provide on their shore
lines probably a greater linear extent of deep
water eea frontage, and back door railroad
facilities already created, than any seaport
in the world. The shore stretch from Oakland
to about Antloch may all be regarded as im
mediately available. It Is all bordered by a
channel of deep water, nowhere requiring very
long piers to reach it from the shore! Two
lines of transcontinental railroads run along
it, so that rail and ehlp are close together.
The facilities for the cheap assembling of
cheap fuel ere already partially completed and
their practicability proven. The petroleum
carryiug pipe line from the San Joaquin Valley
will give this district the cheapest fuel supply
of any great seaport city in the world.
Great industrial changes have heretofore ac
complished themselves on the Atlantic coast
without making similar changes on the Pacltlq
Coast. The shifting of the centers, of metal
lurgical Industry from inland to ecu port cities,
the great industrial movement going en in
the present time at the Kast is, unlike pre
ceding changes, making a "similar change here.
To realize this it is only necessary to com
pare the industrial establishments existing and
projected on this line of bay shore three years
ago with those existing and projected now.
The increase is all out of proportion to the
gains of equal but preceding periods of time.
The ultimate development here indicated is in
evitable. It is coming rapidly.' The founda
tion for it has been prepared in the assem-:
bling at one 'point of the conditions which su
united make a commercial foundation for a
great center of metallurgical industry.
"The position of San Francisco," says
the Mining and Scientific Press, "as an
assembling point for the raw materials
of a metallurgical industry leaves noth
ing to be desired." Continuing the Press
says: • " ;
An Assembling Point.
Among the signs of the times is the
growing Importance of San Francisco' a
relations to the mineral Industrie* of the
Pacific Coast. Once this city was the
great supply point for the placer mines.
Time has brought many changes in min
ing. Many believe that this city will be
come a great metallurgical center. What
has happened at New York, it Is argued,
may well be repeated at San Francisco,
the general conditions not being dissim
ilar. This topic is ably discussed from
several points of view by the Mining and
Scientific Press, -which calls attention to
the fact that north of San Francisco and
Oakland are ideal sites on both shores o?
Carquinez Straits and on the entire south
shore of San Pablo and Suisun bays for
metallurgical plants. The aggregate or
frontage is not far from one hundred
miles. At tirst it was thought that metal
lurgical.! plants properly belong close to
the mines, but the cheapness and facil
ities for> assembling raw materials and
distributing finished commodities are su
perior at seaport cities.
Easy Concentration of Raw
Material Here Is
Possible.
Complain That He Chastises
Pupils When There Is
No Need for It.
Purchase of Panama Railroad
Is Not Considered
Advisable.
Physicians Believe He Will
Recover but Are Not
Certain.'
Pneumonia.
Eastern Millionaire Suf
fers From Dread
Senators Prefer Canal
Route Through That
Country.
Tide Water Is Attract
ing the Metallurgical
Principal Martin Faces
Charges Prom Other
Parents.
CITY BECOMING
MINING CENTER
FLOGS CHILDREN
THAT MISBEHAVE
BELMONT'S LIFE
NOW IN PERIL
FAVOR TENDS
TO NICARAGUA
YOUNG LADIES ARE TO RECEIVE
IN QUAINT ORIENTAL RAIMENT
Christian Endeavor Society of First Methocjist-Ghurchm Oakland
¦¦-> I Will Give a Unique Entertainment at Which; Chinese and Jap
anese Games, Including a "Fan Race,'- Will Be Features
THE SAX FRANGISGO CALL,- WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1902.
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
FOUND IT.
Coffee Was Doing the Work in Good
Style.
Members of the eatne family are affect-
ed differently by coffee drinking. One
may feel the effect in a disordered ttom-
r.ch while another may have no trouble
with the elomach ro far as known, but
have palpitation of the heart .and finally
organic heart disease, or perhaps In an-
other the kidneys may become affected
As nn illustration, a family in Murphya-
boro. III., reports an experience. Mra.
<*oje discovered that the »our stomach
and nervous restless nights were caused
Jjy oriffec drinking. Her mother iuffcred
from riTvouisncM when coffee was uxuJ.
while the brother of the family became
a wreck dlrertly from coffee drinking
Mrs. dole in her letter nays, referring
ir» her Ijroth^r: "11* went from one physl-
< ton to another and tils ra»c puzzled them
.•'11 until he hai tried eleven different pby-
riflann. borne thought he had apoplexy,
othors locomotor ntnxla, some advised
operations to rrllcvo the pressure at rcr-
lain points. Altogether his case became
ro alarming thnt wo were afraid to liavv.
him alone He frequently fainted away,
and y.i\h in a mo*t wretched condition.
"Finally one of the physicians suggest-
ed that possibly coffee brought on some
vt the symptoms, eo he was persuaded
n give up coffee and begin the use of
Poslum Food Coffee. Then he began to
recover, and day by day the old troubles
left." Now he has gotten entirely well, has
gained about Z'i pounds and is the picture
of health. Of course he and his family
use I'ostum regularly. He says he would
us soon drink a spoonful of poison as of
old-fashioned coffee.
"When we firet began to make Postum
it was boiled but a few minutes and nona
of us Jikcd it, but since we began making
It properly by having It boil long enough
to bring out the flavor we all consider
It buperior to the old-fashioned coffee.. It
is delicious when made right and that ib
"A number of our friends have been [
cured of various ailmr-nts by leaving off -
coffee and -using I'ostum. With Mrs. <
the coffee caused a Kinothering sensation.
Moating and forloua trouble with the
hoarx. Klio has, cutlrtly recovered tines ,
<hfjt)Kitig from common coffee to.Po*-
tum." . ;
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
COMPETENT JUDGES.
Beauty Doctors Endorse Herpicide.
Women who make a business of beau-
tifying 1 other women come pretty, near
knowing what will bring about the be^t
results. Hero are letters from two con-
cerning Herpicide:
"I can recommend Newbro's i Herpicide,'
as it-*toppod my hair from falling out;
and as a dressing it has no superior.
•'(.Signed) • Bertha A- Trullinger,
"Complexion Specialist,
"291 Vi Morrison St.. Portland.- Or.-' •
"After using one bottle of 'Ilerpicide'
my hair has utopped falling out, and my
scalp is entirely free from dandruff.
"(jslgried) Grace Dodge,
"Beauty Doctor,
"153 Sixth St., Portland, Or."THE SA^ FRANCISCO CXJDC^^WE^JNJffifcjUAV, MARCH 5, 1902.
10
K.IIPLOY.MBN'T.". AVANTBD— FEMALB.
FIRST-CT.ASS, housekeeper: good worker: first-
c!Ihh« luundrcHM;' can do almost 'Any. kind of
WHDh: Ktrong/and willing; ;work by the day.
7'_S 'Howard /nt.y room 4 ; ,wek«i« $1 20.
DltKi^SMA^_7niy~hn~rt*ay7*ij- '- V"ntn\. MRS.
;• FRANKS 603 O'Farrell . st. . ', .
GOOD German laundress wlnhes-work by the
• day; $150 day. 1781 Halght st. (store). •¦
COMPETENT Swiss girl wishes a position for
'upstairs work and sewing; state name and
wages; city references. • Address B. E., - 46
Colllngwood st. . ¦•; >'-i > ¦ t '
A SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes situation
, as housekeeper; city or country; good ref er-
ences. 43 Hardy st.j near 10th and Church.
AN ¦¦ Eastern woman;" position as working
housekeeper, on cook In a camp. HOUSE-
KEEPER, 35 Flfthst. ' ,: , . , : -
FIRST-CLASS Swedish waitress wants posi-
tion - in hotel or - first-class restaurant; sleep
at home. Address 133, Seventh St.. -¦¦ :
REFINED | young - woman i wishes position as
saleswoman, or 'in office: has experience In
¦' bookkeeping; \ only reliable people need re-
¦ ply. Box 3783, Call' of nee. J ,I. r.'
. FIRST-CLASS Swedish waitress I wants posi-
tion', in hotel or I first-class restaurant; j sleep
,'. at home. Address 133 First St.. -;
AN elderly. American 'woman;, position light
housework;. salary reasonable. Call at 1115
Third r tt.. Oakland. /: ';
I WOMAN wishes position .to do chamber work
.or housekeeper where there are no children;
country preferred. 523 Howard st. .
WOMAN wants work; by the day, washing or
.cleaning. 3L4 Hayes st.. near Larkln. ;
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket-r-200. rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150
to $6 week;. convenient and respectable: free
bus andbaggago to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ., at -1096
Valencia st. . .-. -.-.-¦ . ¦, .
EaiPLOYMBXT WANTESD— MATH-TT ¦
SITUATION wanted' by an' engineer, electrician
and machinist; - 19 years' - experience in elec-
trict llKht and power plants, electric and
steam mining machinery, water works, etc.;
< can superintend construction of plants; have
tools and testing Instruments; best of recom-
mendations;, temperate; 35 years old. A_-
. dregs Electrlclal, 3316 Twenty-sixth at.'
YOUNG man, 25. . of good appearance. -with
best city references, wishes steady position;
fulr wages; strong, willing and obliging.
Address E. SCHNEIDER. 115 Gough bt.," .
YOUNG man of good character desires posi-
tion in wholesale houae as assistant book-
keeper; references. • Box 3730, Call. -
A GOOD gardener wants situation: understands
£are of, horses, etc. ; first-class references.
Box 3727, Call. .
A FIRST-CLASS tool dresser wants a - Job.
Ad-refcs M. S., 634 Commercial st.
EASTERN man. thoroughly competent, wishes
position in 'cigar store; in business for 11
months. 2011 San Bruno ave. • ¦ ' •
A FIRST-CLASS gardener; German; all-round
man; wants position: best -references. Call
please at 560 Howard St., San Francisco.
WORK wanted by a man who Is partially em-
ployed doing chores about house; used to,
tools; generally useful; handy at anything;
small wages; references. Box 3767. Call.
DIAMOND driller wants position: expert on
Canadian) and hydraullo boonsrs; many
years' -experience in different formations;
speaks Spanish; best ref. Box 3779. Call.
COMPETENT colored man wishes position
as butler; best ref. 163 Union square ave. '
YOUNG German wishes to learn butcher busi-
ness; has experience in cutting meat. Ad-
dress box 37 SO. Call office.
MARINE and stationary engineer wants poai-
tlon; flrst'Class references. Box 4008, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a pradttcal mschanU
cal engineer; expert In burning oil; can put
In all fit tings. Address^ A. L,, It gd* __¦!•___
COACHMAN and gardan#r; English; thorough,
practical; references; at liberty March 0.
Tio» 8071. Cwll of no. '
CLMWlViKU ftdvertls«m«nti and subscription!
re,c»lv<id at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmor".
A, BRANCH riffle* for Call advertisements and
pubserlptlons has been aitabUshed at 1000
1 Valencia st.
~~^ FI W [A SCX A , Ii. _ : ~~
COMPANIES Incorporated, promoted, guaran*
teed and financed; stock taken In payment
for services: good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC 8TATKS MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. 8. licensed
sto«'k brokers, , n_n Pout st.
PAClVlC Underwriting k Trust Co. (Inc.)— Wo
hnvn 42 offices tn operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten, Cull
or address main offlcs. B07«8-t> ParroU bldg.
•FLATS TO LET.
A— LIGHT, air, sunshine; 6-room flats facing
Golden Gate Park; 2 gas grates;,'753 to 765
Sixth ave.; McAllister, Geary and Butter
street cars to the door. ¦
$21 — 7 ROOMS, bath: gaa stove;' sun all day:
Nob Hill; discount for immediate tenant: to-
day or don't apply. L. R., box 3726. Call.
A — 509 TO 020 Frederick St., near Stanyan;
¦ M 5 to 8 room new houses and flats; low" rent.
FLAT, 5 rooms,' $11; cottage, 4 rooms, $10.
• Key 023 Second st. ' , ¦
' SUNNY top flat. 4 rooms; near Mechanics' Pa-
_____________* ____________________________
XO let— 6-room modern flat; lanre stable: $-0.
PATTERSON. & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
TO LET— Rear flat, 4 rooms. Inquire 418
Hyde St..
~~ PLATS "WANTED. ~
FURNISHED flat. 4 to 6 rooms, about the 15th.
by gentleman and > daughter, a young lady;
rent must be moderate; -good neighborhood.
MAJOR CLARK, 420 California st.
v - FLATS FOR / S ALE. ' V ~
$5600-^ _ACRIFICeT: nice flats: welt, rented:
-. Mission warm belt. Owner, box 3763. Call.
18 ?.'. FOIi 8 ALE ;
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. I
; raDge. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FOR sale — Furniture of 3. rooms; flat for rent;
S12. 1622B Howard st. ; ¦
FURNITURE WANTED.
A^ rwOLLPERT, 773 1 Mission st, pays highest
' price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354."
, D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the woridf;
, warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. ;
HELP, WANTED — FEMALE. .
' PANTRY" '"girl for instit-tion^'aiso >'" waitress"
name place, $20;: cashier, restaurant, $7;
cook for men, no objection to woman with a
child,-. $25; 6 second girls, $20 and $25; res
1 taurant waitress. $7 week; 16 waitresses for
city and . country ¦ hotels, $20, $25: 3 cooks,
little wush, $25. $30; nurseglrl, $16 and $25
; housework, sleep home, $18; second girl, San
Rafael, $25; Infant's nurse' $25; lady's maid,
; $25; 09 glrlssfor housework in small families.
I $20, $25; call early. -J. F.'CROSETT & CO. i
334 Sutter st. ,- / •
; GERMAN chambermaid and seamstress $25
? 2 second girls ; .*25
: Waitress and parlor maid .$25
French nursery governess ..............,.$25
2 waitresses, restaurant ................. $30
, Second work and sewing .......125
2 French second girls $20
• ' LgON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
I YOUNG girl living; with, her parents 'who un-
derstands sawlni?. for permanent position.
'. ANDRE. 1721 Bauramento gt. __'
1 A— 2 WAITRK8BR8, north, $25/ fares paid.
' ,>Wna,"M,'t!.'DAY & CO,, 335 t^eary St. :
A—2 RKSTAUUANT waitresses, $7. week; no
; -.Bundiiy .work. , MRS. . M. 15. DAY & CO..
j, tK15 Unary st.'. ¦ ... . i
1 A— '_ COOKS, H«n lUtfnel Bnfl AJameda, SHO.
• Mfta M,.lji. DAY & CO., IMS Genry st.
I WANTKD-A youiiBf l«rjy ;ln,aidry and fancy
. • Rnor|B<s,tore;- only mion who havo cxperlunco
nepd «iiply;rr<fernnc«n required: Htate wnges
expeett-d; hours from 0 a. m., until 0:30 p. m,
t ' A(l«lnsH, box, 3781. Call offlco. ; v ,' -
- NICAT. stnuiK ,ulrl to do plain cooklnsr nntl
anslst with gnn«ralihoii(i«work:' four inilultn;
¦ • " vrry little wnshlng; no hniclng. -Apply morn-
S . liitfH. 17011 llflkpr, st.; wag™ $,fi/ ' • ¦ ¦ :
• Cltlli wanted v for senernl hoiin«work ; plain
: • rooking "w.iges $20.- 2027' Vullejo st,', nenr
¦ ¦ ¦'Uuchnninn. ¦ . . >. ¦¦
' < J 1 HI. to make beds; neat and quick; wntci $20
, ' with bourd and rcom. Sherman 'House, - S8.
e Wl » ht »-iii. . . ",¦.,. .^
U RKLIAIU.M elderly woman for light houuework
and 'help with children; t good hofho; smuU 1
" - , WHgfis. 13(ji) HacrHnientost. %,.¦¦¦ ' ,¦'¦»•:.
i." AMATEUR 'performers wanted; oulnry unllin-
' - lted. Apply at Chutes at 6 o'clock this even-
t' 'i-'. ng ' "" ¦'¦'' - ¦'. /¦¦¦'' •¦'.¦¦ :¦ '¦¦
. LADY cnshlerfor store in ?the Mission; state
'.. ; experience and -salary. Address box-3710,
- ' 'Call, of flee.' ¦¦¦ ... . ¦ .- ,/.'.-v,' ¦; ;. ¦ , , -
. EXPERIENCED vest operator..'. Apply at facv
- tory 8. N/ WOOD, (27 Geary, st. ¦ .
II A, OOOD' trimmer nnrtl apprentice- wanted . In
¦ millinery store. at _?2 McAllister. st.
i .WANTED— Young girl to anslst careor.baby;
sleep ' home. . 114 Broderlck ; st»; -• ; j ..;¦;•...> )
MI.\CKLVA^BOJU > S^^On_9AI.E. __ J^*4*
BOILEB».- engine*. 2.1-Band ». "I5f *_!SJ2_ii»*I_'??*"
TOSH & WOLPMAN: 105-107 frereont at. ;
8KCON I)-~iTaN D~m_chlnery. -""*"; 'ngjne».
rmmp«...!ynam.is, motors. ,*»¦»»"« •"« "«*.
' water pipe, etc., bought.- aol'l. re"tM ami «*.
change'}. H. S. WliJTK. 1.".'>-I'ta n»n|e Hi.
A— BHVS4. sells or rent* K' ar v m ,?f n h i w r r, 3 ;.'/ < '"*
glnen. hollers. wj»t-r pipe«- nhnftln*. pulfnys,
etc. WHITELAW. _r^2.V_Hp__*rj;^
BAR fixt_resl""big~s"tock: instaUment^ 1
and pool tablmi: easy term* 1 or reniea. n>»
tirunswlck-tialko-Collender Co.. J&- M1 » 9 '"";
SEALSKIN, finest condition, bust :«: •J»_j"2
at bargain or trade for diamond, nua.tty
good. Box SS30. Calt oi^^- ,
10x15 JOB press complete, with fountain and
nicle fixtures. $75: other bargains for primer*.
HOAG. 151 Second st. ________
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Frlce Hattera. &JQ Kearny at., near fine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75.' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4.°,7 Montgomery at.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters /all
makes). ALEXANDKR & CO., 110 Mont sy.
$5— SINGER sewing machine in good order.
1571 Market St., near Twelfth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhanglng. ralnt-
Ing. Merlgan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 13-1.
NEW Home and -Domestic sewing machine:
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried In stock. -*4
BAKER & HAMILTON. _
GASOLINE engln-s. all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 80S Mission st. >
ENGINES and boilers: second.- hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beale st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 0 Stevenson.
SAFES-^New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
A— HERMAN'MURPHY. 601-602 ExamlneThdaT
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
j On Life Interests In Estates « .
; Property Being Held in Tru3t
Undivided Interests in R«^l Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Piobate;
Financial Problems of an sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See* HERMAN MURPHY, C01-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc>
SilOO CCO at 5}i and ti per cent In sums to suit;
City' Oakland.' Town and Country property;
second mortgage*, life Insurance and securi-
ties: Ioan3 on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bllg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First aeeond and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing bualness elsewncra
R. McCOLGAN
.."... 24 Montgomery s^ room 3
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loana. Boom 1«.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
J ¦
HIGHLY respectable private place t» obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
low eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 81*1
Market st. ; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loana to salaried
people on their not».
THE) TOUSLEY CO. . , 143 Pb«lan bids.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 3tf Geary St., room 3rt.
A PRIVATE party loana any amount on fuml-
tura, pianos; no removal; low rutes: oonrtili*n-
tlat. WH1TKHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furnttur* or
houKholtl good-, without .removal; confidential.
OHMSUY, 20 Montgomery St.. opp. Uck lions*.
i i «^
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; monay *
quick; lowest tnt«r*nt: *acy t*rrna; no broker-
age; reliable party. M7o Market st.. room ««.
LOWK8T rate* on furniture, ate., by prtvut* '
party no removal; no cftmmtuslon: confl<1r»n«
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bhlst., .101 Jonr*.
3 B0 P£tt month r«p«y* $looo loan; stop pay*
Ing r»nt, MURDOCK. r.l % fine it. + '
ONE! par cent on furniture: $3 a month on eacll
$1000; any security. :»t- Montgomery St.. r. t.
$10 t7P on furniture, piano*; no conrrprlrat*
party. St. Ann'u bldg.. 9 F.ddy, rtn. 7_. Itli fir.
Money loaned salaried people without ser-urlty.
HILL, r. 41. Merchants Kxc. 4.11 CaUMrnla.
CASJI loaned salaried people on note without
indorscr. MOTIRKLL. 60O Kxatnliifir bliig.
3% ON furniture anrt plnnos: $15 up; nn r«»-
movnl. Phone,P.lack 17fH). \ Room 8t. rt Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 11'? McAllister gt.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 2__ Sansom- st.
LOANS money on saX— ry» no Indrtrser; Kcistera
plan. Western Loan Co.. COO Phelan bids'.
3IUS1CAL IXSTRUMESTS.
WE are offering the best Inducements imagin-
able on new pianos; having made a chang*
in some of our agencies the stock on hand of
the old lines will be marked right down to-
bedrock, so as to cloae them, out quickly;
there are only a few — about a dozen — so ther»
must be no delay If you are to have one of
them; we are agents for Decker. Wlasner,
Baumelster and Stodd-rd; all of them th« .
very best for the price. THE ZENO MAC-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St. ¦
ALTHOUGH many seeminsly advanta seou-
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and term? upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but
can offer exceptionally fine pianos and larg-
> est assortment of boat makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.^Stelnway dealers
cor. Kearny and Sutter ats.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. •
ALL bargain* on account of removal. Alt •
pianos must be stored, rented or sold on ac-
count of damp walls. New pianos, $93 up:
second-hand, $25 up; standard makes, $1HS
up. Be sure and investigate thla great sal*
before purchasing. HEINE PIANO CO..
. Geary St.. opp. Union Square.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand uprtcht pianos from $55 up.
, , Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organl from $23 up; new upright
planoa from $173 up. BEXJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 10 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
& Hamlln, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlmo
within 2 yeara and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peertess Knahe at rexuliu*
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a,
planq from us. KOIILER & CIIASE 30
OTarrell st.; established 1850.
SOH2-ER & CO. pianos: Byron Mau_y pianos;
Lester pianos; Splalmann ptanos; C«clllar»
perfect piano player; pipe organs. SOS. 310.
312 Post st.
SMALL upright, $33; large, cabinet grand up-
right, $130; square pianos. $35 up; A R.
Cameron, walnut case, . almost new, $273.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th.. st.. Ivers & Pond agts.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful piano* at
banraln prices from $85 up. F. V, SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sntter and Powell sts.
OTJR,piano», the leading makers; price $100 np^
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic ptanos tr»w on
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 031 Market st.
AT auction prlcea, 37 ptanos this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for stnrava an<1
advances. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
PATtTY sacrifices account death In family,
large new 3-pedal upright piano. 522 Eddy.
STOCK of planott turned over to me to h« of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. S Flood big.
BARGAIN, great sncrifloe ; 2 upright-,' nearly
n-w. JOS. SCHMITZ *= CO.. \« McAUUtfr.
AT KF.EFFF/8, "22 Turlc St.. near Market^
Hhonlnger, Bchuh«rt and £t<Mnway nurgatni,
RTILL renting n«w plnnos, $ri ««r month
BCOTT-CtntTA/. Pt!»nn Co.. 5'10 Hayea st.
8 1 IPEIUOR violins. ilth»r«. old _n<r«_wT " It.
Mt'I.I.RH. maker, repatrr. S Latham pl.ii-i.
offices axv> nTonr.n to let.
KMM A ' BPltECK kTTh bldg,, n_?'wn7r»T1itrr^^
¦ fir** with light. h«nt and Janitor. $1.1 to ¦*-".
¦ ABHTON A UARDINKR.
TO Iet--Two smull roomn for offlc<«; h*st lm-n-
tlon In city, kw Market st.; tnqutr* Kilt*
wtl'itlo. ...V\->'
BUNNY otf[c*» Just below tOarny st;i «1^
hIho lure nture. Keys CUT (Jlny st.. roum t.
" oTi^
OIL tanks. 2n<t-hanri. In stnu.i , r.W: nil _l_e»;
chenp. H. H. \V»1TK. l.ttKl.T. Heiilp tit.
/. physicians Ajriy^sunalioxs.
ABSOLUTELY FREE CONSULTATION— All
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
FORDEN. No. 0 Turk St.. corner Mason.
•A— DR.- OLIVE aRUVER..lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market st.; hours If to 9.
D^o?,'. t V,°' DONNELL — ° ffl ca and resldenci*.
10-Ua Market st.. bet. SUth and SevenUa.
HELP WASTBD--MALE— Cob.
WANTED Tailor to buy bualness In best tail.
orlng town in. Northern California; ch««r»
rent; best -i location; price $200. Inquire
Dctniar Woolen f * ompan __
BARBBR shop. Oakland: splendid stand : mod-
cm fixtures: cheap. 8TOLTZ. 723 Market st.
BARBER shop. Va"eJo: 3 chairs: pay» well; can
be had cheap. STOLTA *23 Market at.
WANTED— Reliable young man ™M} ,.!?"_
, cash; $15 week; .teady plaw no «perl«nc»
re-iulrcd. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced ladles' t*.»oi.; good
wages^y M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
STRONG boy; aged about 15 years. Apply at
the Royal. 50 Third st.
COATMAKER "for country. Apply REIS3
' BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
SHOEMAKING or repairing. 104 Union Squara
ave.. near Grant ave.
WANTED-Boy foiNwholesale Address.
stating age and experience, box 3747. Call.
WANTED— A young man to learn the "liquor
business. 331 Ellis st
BLACKSMITHS, carpenters, green hands and
seamen for ships at HERMAN S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED— Physician for special practice.
Box 3785. Call. '
BARBERS— 25c shop for sale in country: snap.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
BARBERS — Good 3-chalr shop for sale.
DECKELMAN BROS. -
WANTED— Steady man with $125 cash: no ex-
perience required; permanent place; will pay
$65 per month. Apply 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED— CO men to take . lodging in Caaa-
bridge House. 543 Howard: changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due.U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Marker
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, V-
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
" character, between the agea of 21 and o5: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet l
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
.Office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. \fsl>
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers Jn^demand;
only requires 8 weeks; tools' donated; cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st. -' *
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 15G large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week..
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated: situation guaranteed;
- catalogue mailed' free: discounjt this month.
•Gordon's Barber College. Los Angelea. Cal.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
' 60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
malted. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, -slightly damaged, hal£
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and' baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1080
Valencia st. ¦
HORSES AXD _ WAGOX S.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcado Horse
Market, S27 Elxth at.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, 1 etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
COUNTRY homes for sale; two young draught,
one fine driver and one fln* family carriage
horse; gentle. Address 077 Seventh ave.,
Ea»t Oakland.
SAN ROB A saleyard— Horse*, harnnsa and bug-
gies bought and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1400 Market St., corner Eleventh.
FinST-CLAfiS light piano box top buggy
cheap. 1523 Panchw st. *
ALL kinds of wagons, buegtea, carta, harness,
«te.. cheap. KOAN A HON. 2117 Mlsulon at.
AN A No, 1 express wagon, atnglo; al»o light
•camping wagon for salt che&p. 633 MUnton.
- HOUMKS TO LET.
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$32 80— llouce. ft rooms, bath; modern. 1731
Butter st.. near Laguna; no "To ley* slgna.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW «unny house, T rooms; large basement;
•yard; fine location; Portola. off Waller, bet.
Pierce nnd Htetner. Oeo. Moon?. 63 Portola.
' HYGIBWIC HAIR TRBATI1K5T.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin. . faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success: free consults-
tlon. Room 30. Llebes building. 130 Post.
LOST AND FOU.VD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
nnd Loan Society of San Francisco In the
names of FRANCOISE BOURQUIN o'r
EMILE LUC1EN BOURQUIN. No. 1S6-550.
The finder . will please return to .bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
, name of ELLEN HUME, No. 255-1572. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbemia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. BERTH A DALE. No. 82-3«l.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbemia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of ANNIE E. MIDGLEY, No. 100-140.
The finder will please return to bank.'
LOST — Scotch collie dog, 6 months old; tan.
with white markings; reward. 2910 Jack-
son st. . ' " .
LOST — February. 21. pug dog. San Francisco
license. Return to , 1290 Van Ness ave. and
receive reward.
LOST— -Knight Templar charm, Thursday eve.
Reward if returned to J. H. BLAKEWAY,
305 Howard at.
LOST — White and brtndle greyhound pup; re-
ward. 11 IB Langton st.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel bitch, - named
. "Tootsle"; reward. 1838 Geary st. ', , »¦>
FOUND — A • silk umbrella; owner can' have
same by describing It. Box 3S65. Call.
IT will nay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladlea send 10c for list. Mrs. Hert_, 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest- work guar-
anteed. HOPKB BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st. ; tel. Bush 421. .
MEDICAL..
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist.— Ladles, all who are sick or tn trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cates taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; by consulting htm savt
time and money. DR. O. W. O'DONNELLn
r office and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth.
'¦ MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladlea' specialist";
. SO years' experience; Instant relief h 'uaran-
t , teed; home, before- and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS, KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
1 LADIES,' consult th« orlglnat MRS. DA VIE?
, nt the < old of nee, 122N Market st. ; 3i» yeara'
v expertenca In obatetrta and other casoa.
'.' MUH. D, GOODWIN, ladles' physician; Z
ywtrs 1 succfljsful «xperlence In «,,F, Mn
• ternlty Home. Diitt Market it..- op 4th; f«3 low
DR. nnd MM, WEGKNBR. ladles' physician
• private horn* for confinement: huble* miut.t
§ «d: formerly, 1312 <). U, ave; now 112 Ma»on
¦ HINDOOHEUU *M MRH. DA VIES' orlglna
I I method of treatment; maternity home; homi
', In contlnrtnnnt, tl'-t) Market st,, 8. V,
• MUfl, V. ALLKN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles
spoclaltat; a private homo bofore and durlnt
'. v confinement; best; medical care ; : low '- f «ta.
.DTU^o^TO^^l^^iTrsToTktoti st..lip7!ii"sui
• Union »qunr«: all diseases cured by herbs.
• ' ,^MI.\C- AXn MINI.mT
OKO, D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Exam?n^ WgTfl
F, ; branch office, Nome, AUiskH, seanon 1002
FOR sale— Good mining property In Nom«
". Alaska, on good terms. J3ox ."721. Call tiffin
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
;. WILL pay cash and good prices for~oid~seal
skins. Address at once, will- call anywher
i. within 25 miles of city. Box 3278. Call offlct
- BIO prlcee paid for 'sealskin coats; also eenti
U - . full dress and'Tuxedo suits. ¦. Portland. Loa
:•', Of flc«,' 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.'
>r TILTON wants good second-hand clothing an
: I theatrical gooda. 1M 9th. it.; tel. Jessie 2333
. i • \ ¦'.•"_ - ;,.. ¦•— ~»..w-»_.
J1ELP ¦ WANTED — FEMALE— Cob.
WHOLESOME. 'Intelligent .lady over 25. of
good character and standing, for high-grade
ponltlon.; Box .'J725, Call." '- . . ' :
FROM this date on and until further notice .we
' will instruct . Inexperienced hands the • trade
of 'making, overalls free of charge: will be
, paid while learning. LEVI STRAUSS *;
CO., 32«i Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Young girl to assist In light house-
work. 1220A Alabama at. _ . ' '
•GIRL' or middle-aged woman assist light house-
¦¦ work.- llfjSVi Howard. -at.; good home. . ,
FINISHERS on pants;' apprentices paid while
learning. 410 Mission st.' .:- .-
EXPERIENCED wire hat frame makers. TOP-
LITZ& CO.; 540 Market st. .
WANTED— Nurseglrl. 2643 Bryant st,, near
Twenty-fifth. r . . t \:; t
FIRST-CLASS : waitress, $S ' week. BRETUSS'
Cafe, 70 Third at; ... :
/ ¦ -.¦.-•¦. ~ ¦ ••-¦¦'- ¦ ' -
WANTED— Finishers on coats. rS44 Tehama st.
WANTED— Good -plain cook: wagea $20 per
; month. Dewey House.' 82 East st.
WAITRESS wanted ¦ to work from 11 a. m. to
8 p. m. People's Reatanrant. 631 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. SS4 Illinois
...¦ St.. ¦ Potrero. , - - ¦•¦'•¦-. ¦ ¦' ¦¦
~IRL wanted for light housework. 1521 Web-
ster St., near, Post. .-•.¦¦'.. -¦-'¦'
A~NEAT young girl for second work a.nd sew-
.lng. ,1180 O^Farrell st. ¦ , -
WANTED — Immediately 3 ambitious girls to
, learn hairdressing from A. to Z in 2 week-
.' and take charge of private customers where
1 you can earn $50 per month: course $5. Col-
Iege.'233 Geary st., rooms 13-1S. •„- '¦'-. ."'
WANTED — Experienced operators on " ladles'
waists and underwear: steady work; good
¦pay; electric power. MARKS BROS., : 1212
¦ Market st. . - .¦¦".'-'. -/- ¦ ".¦¦¦'.¦
WANTED — Lady between .45 and 55: will give
free treatment for wrinkles. The Harris In-
" stltute of Dermatology. 508 Sutter St., Bow-
hay building. .¦-,¦:' .' - : ..
BUTTON-HOLE maker; , steady work at best
swages;- must be first clas». BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED — Girls to fold shirts; paid by the
day. Apply THE L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31
. ¦ Battery at. '. ." . ' ¦ ••' ,¦•..•- . . . .
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring:" paid while
learning. \ BELASCO & HARRIS CO^ 541
Market st. - ,. •'
,WANTED-r-Experienced millinery saleslady!
" Apply bet. 8 and 11 a.m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Experienced . saleslady. Apply be-
¦tween 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
COMPETENT nurse to care for children. Apply
between 10 and 12, 1453 Franklin st. '
WANTED-^-Experlenced millinery maker. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
APPRENTICE to learn. the hair business. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton Bt.
WANTED — Neat girl, general housework; un-
derstand cooking. Mrs. Hoorman, 61 Shotwell.
A NEAT girl for general housework. Call at
. 2714 Sacramento st.
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House.
825 Battery at. . /,-¦ ¦
DRESSMAKER wanted to work in store;
steady work. 3066 Twenty-fourth st.
A GERMAN woman aa governess; state re-
, llglon; salary $30. Box 2004. Call of flea.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1004
Valencia st. ¦ • ¦ '
HELP WANTED — MALB. ,
A— MURRAY A READY Phone Main 5S48
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & LABOR AGTB.
OKl'ICB OPEN 7 A, M
CARPKNTICn«..R.R. WORK. .FREE IFARK
a carpenters for Nevada, $.1 to $3 B0 day,
' free faro • . . .
2 camp blacksmiths .82 60 to $3 day
10 laborer* II. n. work . . . . ... free far*
HUeksmlth, run-gasollno engine. $r>0 and frl.
Hltick.mlth, ranch, $50 and found; black-
smith, ahop nnnr city. $10 and fouml ;i .
2 miners, gold quarts mine iii'ir,
a single-hand miners................. $o< r>o
.Tmllktri. uume dairy, $3B and found far«
paid; 1 milker*, different platen, $.10 end $.).»
and found; 15 fit rm, orchard and vineyard
hands; 150 woodchopp«r" And tlomaksrs, big
. wages, f lien p It, K. ¦ fares.
....?' HOTEL DBPARTMBNT. KTC ...
Chief cook, country hotel, $»0 und found; 7
cooks, city and country. $80 to $50 and
found; n waiters, kitchen help and Porters:
n milk wagon drivers. $20, $10 and $50 and
found; milk wagon driver, city Job, Eastern
man preferred, $50 and room; 2 basket mak-
erB> Murray a ready. «34-o36 ciay st."
A— SPECIAL ..FOR A BIG R. R. CAMP
Camp cook who can handle 000 men. $7u and
found; second cook, same camp; third' cook,
camp, $30 and found.............""-.""-
BaKrr R.'R. camp..- $50 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-C30 Clay at.
A TIMEKEEPER experienced In R. It.
camps, south. .. ..'.............../•.¦•
Stenographer and bookkeeper ..... . . ....
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .....104 Geary st.
Railroad work •..'• Free fare
...-.:. . FOR CH ATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers, headers and cornermen.. $_ 50 day
50 muckers ......: ....$2per day
Free fare Ship daily. ... Free fare
... . . . . I f: HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
¦ Second ' cook, restaurant, city, $70; broiler,
restaurant. $70; second cook; hotel, city, $o5;
cook, small country hotel, $30: porter and
houseman, hotel, city, $27 60; porter, coun
' try $20: butlers with good reference, city
$40; elevator boy, good references, $30 and
hoard: young colored Janitor, office, city, *30;
German walt«r, country hotnl. $30; 20 dish-
washers, kitchen hands and , others, $20 to
$30.... '..:.>. .........
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary 3t.
COOK for logging crew, $40 and found: 2
'broilers. $70 month and $10 week; restaurant
cook $70; private family, hotel cook. $50;
cook and wife. $55; hotel waiter for country.
»3O/ and found: hotel porter, $25 and found;
pantryman, $22 50 and found; dishwashers
and ethers. J. F..CROSKTT & CO., 628
st. /
BOY for private family. $15 and found; milk
wagon driver. $30 to $40 and found; 2 mllk-
' ers. • name ranch, $30 and found: 2 Vineyard,
men, $1 day. and board; 2 assistant gardeners.
. $25 and found; carriage setter for milt. $75:
pond man for mill, $«O; blacksmith, $45 and.
'board; tlemakers, woodchoppers and others.
J. l'V,CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT S TV. D. EWER „ CO.'S. B10 Clay st.
2 coal mlners.-fare advanced.... .$2 75 a day
Driver for milk. route. ....... .$40 and found
Eastern farmer and milk... '. S2fi
Pruner .for orchard. ............".'. .*_»>
. Choreman-and wife. for. orchard../....;. $40
Choreman for ranch . . . .^ $15
2 woodchoppers. ; near city .$1 40 a cord
Young German to draw beer.... .;.$40
. Broiler, restaurant .$70
ANDRE'S office, 310 Stockton 'st. — Second
•cook, $65; broiler, $45; .man to. take care of
6 horses, -milk 6 cows, country, place. $30;
gardener, $30: vege tableman, country hotel,
$20; butler, $50; 2 young men to assist wait-
Ing. $30. etc. ¦
ANDRE'S office. 310 Stockton st. — 0 men for
grading, ' pick and shovel, private ' grounds,
country. $1 a day and found;:also 4. steady
farm hands, Sonoma County. $25 a month.
A MAN to wash windows.^$35 and room; also
man to care. for linen In rooming house, $35.
, ¦¦ MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 835 Geary Bt.
STEADY man; light office work; wlll^pay $65
to $75 per month; experience not netessary;
* must have $125. t 7C5 Market st. room 3.
COOK, man or woman, to cook In camp near
telty; if sober and Industrious can have steady
employment. Apply 17 Davis st. ' .
BOY for messenger In wholesale., stationery
houi!«; salary to begin with, $12 a month.
. nox 3720,Call. • ' ' . :
WANTED— Men' to travel far. large housa; aal-
ary $50 per month and expenses, Box 3721,
Call office. - ..., ¦ ¦
EXPKRIKNCKn wire iiiit frama mnkers.
_^l r H T --^--2:.'-- B i n - MarkBt "*'
WANTKl)— ("ash boy. Apply between 8 and 11
wJ m, nt IIALK HHO8.
HUSHELMAN wnnted. RKLABCO & IIAUIUH
, CO;, 541 Mnrkat st. .
ilOY— Neat, refined, at Antlqun Shop, 1H Post
. street. • , . ¦
_ TAll-OHH nr tnllor«H»ri wnnted nt .1.110 Mis.
, st.;, steady. ,
NICK Bffttroom for good contmnkrr uinl part of
work, lot Kenrny^st,,, tailor whop. . ...
WAtWKD— Esp<*rlenced boys or mnn for ped-
dling fruit. 50.1 Natoma it.,' about 7 n. in,
BOY wonted, about 18. v DBC^KLMAN~Jmbs.!
¦ ltl(l ' Elll »f'!'-
BHOEMAKER J on repairing. 345 Third at.
WANTED— A . first-class dinner wafter at 801
• '. Mitsorust. i wnges $3 50 a week, .
DISHWASHER wanted at . 1502 Kentucky st.
GOOD all around shoemaker; bring bench tools.
/• t.120 Park st.'. ¦Alameda.*' / * ¦
WANTED— lst-class tinsmiths and sheet lrou
"\ workers.' Taylor & Prltchard. 12 4: 14 Market;
i BARBERS— Good country 2-chalr . shop for
-sale,* 100 Bllla ( it./. ... . ._. _.-._..-'.._..;.
JOSEPH KTRAUD.
SCO Market St., corner, Ftockton.
, > Telephone- Grant 177.
Heal Kstste Acent. •
Property Voutht and Sold,
llentt Collected. . k
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
A— $2.V»; DELIcTci~stor»<: receipts $10 day:
full value. STRAND & CO.._20» K ga ™y_-1
A^-"»6«oT"cORNER~ saloon : bert.ln city; 100
others f 150 to WOO". STRAND. 200 Kearny.
A— $225; CORNER cigar ittore; receipts $J0
day: rent $12 month. STRAND, 200 Kearny.
A^$M0- SALOON: city front: good stock and
fhctures; good trade. STRAND & CO., 209
Kearny st. x
GOOD INVESTMENT! *
A manufacturing company which owns the
moBt valuable Invention ever patented, con-
sisting of a beating apparatus whereby gas is
generated for fuel of 8>5 per cent of compressed
air and with 15 per cent of crude oil, which
makes fuel 50 per cent cheaper than any other
beat known for boilers, stoves, ranges, smelt-
ing furnace* and thawing machines for Alaska.
We offer 15,000 shares, $10 par value, • fully
paid up. non-assessable, for $2 50 per share for
sale. We have a large factory in Hoboken, N.
J., in operation and will also have one factory/
soon in San Francisco for the Pacific Coast.
Please address for Information or shares in lots
of 10 THE ARCTIC RAPID HEATING AND
THAWING COMPANY. ROOMS 450-451 PAR-
KOTT BUILDING, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
NOTICE TO SELLERS— We have cash buyera
for all kinds of business that will stand (In-
vestigation. P. S. _e LUCA & CO.. «18
Kearny st.. room 1. ¦ ¦ : ¦
NOTICE TO BUYERS— It will pay. you to call
on -us before buying elsewhere. P. 6. de
LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny st.. room 1.
A— $300; PARTKER wanted; suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
'no experience required: trial given before
buying. 2T. Geary St.. room 4.
CORNER saloon, rent $18, with 3 furnished
rooms, will be sold cheap if called for at
once. Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN.
Seventh and Mission sts.
$250 — STEADY man as a partner In an old
I reliable road house: worth double the amount
to-day. Business Board Trade. 32G Pine st.
$200— PARTNER wanted: good place for
cteady young man. - 40 Ellis 6t., room 31. •
GOOD ealoon— Must . be sold at once; $6000.
Room 16. 1049 A Market et.
FOR gale — Shoe store: the only one In gan
Rafael: good reason for selling. Apply to R.
MAGNES. "35 Second at., San Francisco.
CONCERT hall for sale: bargain. 625V4 Pa-
cific st.: owner golnc north. t
RESTAURANT: $250; good paying business;
roust sell on account of sickness. 411 Fourth.
' IF you are seeking safe. and profitable lnvest-
! ment write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
• Incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number of share at $100 each. N.
S. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton st.
Ol-'R New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most ' profitable ever
devised: average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st.
$1050— WHOLESALE and retail candy factory;
situated best part of city; doing rood busi-
ness: aatlifactory reason civen for selling;
no agents. Box 37S9. Call office.
FOR sale— Only photo gallery, city 0000, with
or without building, bringing $50 month be-
sides; competition Improbable. L. A. NE-
MECK. Bl«bee, Ariz.
FOR eale — Second-hand clothing business: good
location: 2 living rooms. 239 Fourth st.
•WANTED— To buy paying laundry route. Box
8752, Call.
$300— nAnOAIN: old-establUhed, good-paying
lunch hous». Owner, box 3762. Call offic*.
CIOAR e\and. water front: facrlflea; depart-
ura Alaska: coin* m»k» offer. 204 East at.
MHHilMJ.HOI'sr.S K»n HALR.
A^SPECIAI/; _0*rriui.7 "VonT'riem IliwTfHoO
cath. bal. «sy terms; price $J00<\ R^UiJI^ff,
A^w'sTofrrranTof following on easy irrms:
70 rtns. : «]eg_nt; long |ea*«; clears $40r.).$<V>«VI
10 rooms; *»U1nB on account of death... 400
'.•ii t"i.m»; firurs $125: payment*. ...>... 1"""
Jfl room*: V'My nt, ; reduced to, poo
C mom*; flat; barsaln..... 2""
VI rooms: Jid st.: rlrsrs $100: pAyments.. 700
10 rooms; Jone**st. corner; only........ 270
7 room*: bargain: easy terms 800
17 rooms; clean* *".; only 2r.n
in rooms: rent $40; clears *<".o 4uO
A. II. MPTM/OW «t CO.; phone John fi31.
J>0fl Market st.. ''Pr. Kills, room 12. __
A-I "~ NearThs Call building.
Telephone Slack l>$-0..1.
MAniOIC GRIFFIN, 710 Market st., rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free tut of lodglng-houeeg at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Pleasn call.
O rooms; cor.; rent $23; good furniture. $350
10 rooms; cost $1200: cherry and mahog. 660
14 room* ; clean; full ol men; clears $45. 700
21 room; expenses $102; Income $225;
perm, roomers; all new; mod. lmprov.
"0 rooms; cor.; cleared $600 In 0 mo.. 1IJ00
50 rooms: cor.; n. Market; clears $150.. 2800
WINSTON Sc WOLF. . . .'. .-.'. ....'.
1026 Market st .1020 Market at.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
20 rooms, rent $60; must sell $1100
20 rooms, rent $65; good location 950
28 rooms, rent $75; near Sutter st 1700
29 rooms, rent $75; offices; good 1400
40 rooms, rent $75: see this... 1700
We Have Many More Such Bargains, r
DONALD INVESTMENT~CO~MPANY. * ~ "
850 Market at.... tine.).... Phone Davla 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
KRASKY & CO.. 1049A Market at. -
25 rooms; Market st. : new $1600
20 rooms; near City Hall; rent $50..-..$14O0
« rooms: Ellis st.: new flat $650
22 rooms; on on« floor; new carpets; owner
leaving city; great bargain.
$8fiO — 21 ROOMS; sunny corner: rent $45.
KRASKY & CO.. 104» Market St.." room 1<».
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~
SyO Market et. and « Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush .12".
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
McDANIELT'fiKIRM& CO.;
tHtt Market Bt. Phone Mint 2811.
Our list of lodging-houser,. hotels, flats and
business chances Is the largest. It will pay
you to Investigate. , . .
SNAP— Flat of 0 rms.; suit, for bus. ; only $275.
...... Part cash ; furniture worth $500. .....
McBRI DE _•- CO.. 765 Market «t ......
A — NOTICE — We- -'have rooming-houses. all
sizes and 'prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.; 1206 Markt.
LODGING-HOUSE, finely furnished; owner
leaving city; sell at Bacrlflce; • easy terms.
MORRISON & CO.. 2ft Montgomep'. room 4.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^-3rv*.""MILLER,"%vorid's famous materialis-
ing medium; spirits epeak face to face; seance
Tues.-, Frl.. Eun., 8 p. ra. ; 50c. 1084 Dush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MHS. ELKIE REYNOLDS' materializing seance
Friday evening. 325 Ellis St.; ROc. .
HOLTMAN and Wrenn. test circle every Sun.,
Wed .'. Frl.; 10c; read, dally. 1382 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
¦ phone Polk 1001 ;• seance Sunday and Thurt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: slttlnes dally: test tn all to-nla-ht: 10a.
C CLAIUVOYAJVTS.
A , , , 25<*-*-—3c— 25c ....... .,,,.,, A
7. '.'.'. 7/ ' UKTURNKn— RETURNED
, PROF. UROCKWAY— PROF. BROCK WAY.
1052 EUla, bet. Franklin and-Uough,
'•r.i-rn ti,r 3 .days— Monday, Tuesday and
Wf-dnesday— only \r«adtna-s at tho abovn fees
to all presenting this clipping at his offlta
iind reildenc", between tho hours of 10 n, in.
and M p. tn. dally.
Pcli-sil Itli- ii nd Kxi.itI Ufe IU»der.
Readings which for actttll, exactness, truth,
Inures! mnnlfeste- In euch Individual case,
«<utnd advtcn and counsel are not equaled In
this city at any figure. Prof. Urockway trlla
you what you, want to know, eliminating i.ll
uninteresting feature* and not « tiring you
with matters fntlrHy Irrelevant to tha cuha
In hand, as hn« b*nn th« nine in readings yim
, havn had tn lh«i past. Prof." Urockway mils
your past, pirM-nt and future.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-knownTrnnca
medium, Is permanantty located at 12O<1 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Uoldeu Oate ave,, rooms 25 and
2ft; take elavator. Perfect satisfaction guar*
anteed by malt;ieud stamp for pamphlet
with «p»clsl terms., Dally and Sunday.
l£MAR. the Egyptian OypHy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Hlxth; private readings dally, 10 a. in,'
to r. p. in. Sundays from 10 to l_ a. m. '
A— MISS M. WILLI":. ,12»JA Ellis; clairvoyant!
•. crystal seer; reads your life correctly .without
ques. ; full . names; r>0o$l; ' 10 n. in. to H p. m.
MME. RAVKNNA reads life fluently; business
. advice: names given; 2T>c up. IV Fourth st. -'
PRINCESS ISIIMA EL. Egyptian clairvoyant;
• accepts engage, prlv. parties. 100RV& Market.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1663.
CLAIUVOYA>T!«I-— Conttwnrd.
MMISAM. BERNARD."." .' '•
THE FAMOUB - ', ,
Clalr\oysnt snd buslnesit medium, pr.rman<;ntly,
located «t 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, fflvrs nn accurate
description of tho past, revenls the present hap-,
penlngM and portray* events to occur In tho fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or bav« tiomtiUe^
love or business troubles, consult this great nm- J
dlum and you will be .told 'how to overcome
them. Valunble odvlce In all affaire of life} _»p
up; satisfaction guaranteed.- Tel. Black^Jubg^
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladlea
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth s|_
CLAIRVOYANT, card* roaider from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 202 Minna st.. nr. 4th.
MME. CATyrERlNE~^EAN~. nclentlflc card
reader. i'rf2 Sixth st., room 2.
CARD reading: ladits. 10c: Kentlemen, ,25c.
C25 Minna, et.;*. near Bevpnth.- ' - ; .
MME. CATHERINE/DEAN, scientific card
reader. 132 Sixth at., office 2. ¦'''•'':
60c. $1— Prof. Weller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader ;mall orders ;stamp for clrc. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller.'
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEAJilXG^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send t* SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.: tel. Capp 254-.
ADVANCE) Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. . E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 14th st.i tel. Mission 74.
CAPE NOME. _ :
FOR freight and passage to Cape Nome^ and
Yukon Biver points. Call or write C. F.
MOORE. B35 Market St.. room 6. ' ¦ '
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market St.: advice free.. Tel. Bush
1»4: able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S . Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 027 Market Bt. .
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R. W. KING,
attorney. Examiner building. 6th floor.
' DENTISTS.*- ,^Jj^
_S_tjEt_?S?H_GOIN_5 027 Market st., Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold nillng?X$l 50:- other
fillings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, ?5
upi plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural snd guaranteed, $5 up. ¦ .
• Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class, workonly and' guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
. and fillings ; extractions or fillings by my
wondprf ul secret, painless method : 20 years
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady 'attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our speclalty;gold
crowns $3 60 up: platee, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 0 p. m.; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; -killed operators;
gas given: lady attendant.* R. C ANDER-
SON, D. P. 8., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fllIlngs,50c:
Plates $5, full set; all work palnlef>a and wpr-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Hlxth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings, 25e, Dr. Drown. B4 Hlxth,
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2.15 K*arny, cor. Bush—
Full sat of_ teeth. M}^ r °™ nt j * 3! "" ln g»» E 00 -
MKYER, 4rt O'Farrell, Iota of 6 Turk at.;
crown and hrlii««> work; kss specialist.
t>R. e. F'i~pTri£PAhn, 14 O*ary st,; expert
workmanship only; rranona hlr; lioun 10 to 4.
HIV)' of teeth without plate.' DR. !!.• O.
__!_____?• J!£_J____ "*• ' '•'
DH.lt. L.WALHH. Hir»i)i7l«Mry,nr. Mrkln— Pnln-
lesn ext.. M*-: plat«< $5 up; phonn folk Hflfl.
nuiss»>iAKMHg_Aiyn8iaAM»'i'iiia»8Mai
-icnOWELL Dr^ssfflakTn«*&; Millinery 8«hool~
Claw rates; pnt terns rut. 1010 Market st.
F^^lllONAn7rf:*u1vlisTnVklnR; fits guaranteed ; '
$« up. "nn Mi'AlliBicr »t, - ¦-
I)O»J flOSIMTAliS. 'Mjj
DltT X^WELY^^TlC^^rMnp* hirdrtiggTsts
or nt tha Hoapltnl. MO floldrn Onte nvo.
I5DDCAT1ONAL. •
msXLtVB^7Jcif«!)o£r^)F ELECTItrCAL BNON
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., H. V,\
catalogue free. '
AYRES' Loading- Business College, 723 Market
— *8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tcek a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.— Dig-
school because It's best. I Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. _¦ •
IiEALD'8 SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subject, pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited ¦ preparatory
school . for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. . Phelan building.
A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
. vise their friends tt attend the GALLAGHEH-
MARRH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarslrip $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School',
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1SW. Vnn
der Nalllcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough coiirseon coast;'
beginner* and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 211) ParroU ''bldu.
CALIFORNIA nuslness College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 00-page catalogue . free. 305 Larkln *>t.
SPANISH.Kreneh.ctcProf.Dfl Fillppe'HAcadRmy
of Languages.320 PoHt;estnb'd 1871;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo • taught In
class, $1 month. IS-'IG Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P.WKSTHAUR, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 30 Fifth si.'
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo.' 1024 Mission, nr.'oth.
SHORTHAND taught by • mall ' or personally.
MISS, M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof.. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
' Chicago Busln*H« College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
, Pitman shorthand, .typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo,
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON* 8 DAY ' and
ILLUSTRATION— night class.- 424 Pine st.
HEALDtS Business College, 24 Post st.', 8. F.;
. founded 1803; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
'and. waiters furnished at short , notice. Geo.
Kinoshlta. 1223 Page, cor. Lyon ; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINE-RE and Japanese Employment Offlru —
Beet help. -111H O'KRrrell st. ; tel. East 420.'
CHINF.RK ana Japanese, help; estab, 20 jeais.
Ttl. Mitln 1OT7. UKADLEY & CO., 1H0 Clay.
¦ Grand J«paneno.t?hlnesa Kmp.Ofnce 415 Stock*
ton; tel. Grant KW; expert, relloble help,
JAPANESE and Chines* lbejit help; oook ami
waiter. 421 l'owt, OKO. AOKI; tal. Hu^Ii 1.15.
JAT'ANESM, b«rit domeiitlo, farming and Iioiino
<'l«:tnltiK, r>'_s Htovenvon; phono Howard i.'iil,
nF.MAIIMC JupHiifsr-Cnlnene Kitiploynicnt Of-
flcc; all klndH help. ?i 1 ."> Hiockton; Mntn ttiM,
JAPANRKIC inlolllgMifo Offlct— KurnlHh' molt
irllHhlr hnlp. 524 Hush si. __£j__l l< L__
ORrFliiilM JCmploympnt <»fflo« — Jnpnncse.HVlil.
¦¦ ne»e help, 420 ri>wrll,tit.Htitlrr;iPl,HUt'k fii)7L',
i 13 M VIM Yai IB X T . WA X > rigl>-~inLQ SIA I . M.
A~"Fllt8T-OLA*8H ,KrI»nch -'woman cook wnnts
plnc«> Inclty; be«t rnft>r«<ncrs, MHH, M.'.i 1 !,
DAY & CO.,, .TIB Geary st.' '
ELDKULY American woman wishes, situation
to do housework; good* horn* and niodorute
wageii' good plain cook; no postals. , r_:iii
Market st. ; . > ¦ , >
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes llghr house-
work; steady place wanted; salary reasonable.
1'leasu address box. 3731, Call office." .' ¦ i
, YOtTNO Ocrnian girl wants situation to atslst
,' ' with light housework"ln a Catholic family.
L, Address box JI720,' Call of nee. \ - v , . • -,,; -,,
! MIDDLE-AGBD woman wants housework In
i family; c best of, references.- 813 Franklin' St.,
i. Oakland; phone Red 2433. /,.¦*¦¦ », >}
; WANTED — Position as housekeeper In a small
. --.family. 30B T-trkln nt,.'.room ,00. ,' ¦ ¦ ,
• COMPETENT sick; nurse wants engagements;
good references. 1804 Howard ; st. ¦
«AX KnANClSCA CALL. j
R_*tNX8S OFTK.-K of The Kan j .
Oil. .•r.rti<T nt Market »nd Third mreets; open
unitl 12 o'clock »v*ry night In th«< year.
linANCII OlTICUiS— 657 Montgomery street,
con Mir Clur: "i«n -i 1 "' ft::J0 R- ni^
;<!«i H»)v« street; oi*n until »:!»P; «•
«;:r.» McAllister street: «^rx' n «ntH »:•«» P- «n«
"I.*, j.niMn _treet: open until J>:3« P. m.
1H41 MIkfIoii ftrrrt; ovfn until 10 p. m.
2201 Marhct. street, rornor Plxlcentn; open
until 0 r. m. "
IUU Kt»vetith sti-cU open until O p. ra.
!<T.<0 VaipnclM Mrect; ot>en until » p. m.
Nnrthwritt t-orr <t TwenU-swond and Ken-
turlty ytreetKf or*%n until !> p. m.
ZHtO Killmore wtt-eft; open until %> p. m. .
MEISTTKa NOTICES.
hTA*h*R KING Ixxire. l ' : D- P- *«*_•*- «_
M.. Mowry's HhO. will meet THIS J*^
.UKI.NM^l'AYt JCVKNING nt T.V.0
«.-. 1 irk. Firtt deprer. By order of r^T
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
«->T.IF<-»rn*ia Cotincir No. 2. R. and fi. a
" M.. will mwt THIS '(WEDNESDAY)
KVEN1NG. M_rch r./at 3 o'clock, for
v.ufinefcii 8iid dfKrpep. >py order of the f »
T. I. M. FRANKLIN" H. DAY. Recorder.
MOTTNT MORIAH Lodge', No. 44. V. m
and A. M. — Stated meeting THIS^IfA^
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7 :S0
o'clock. THEO. FROMCH, Sec. '^r y
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139.' F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS EVENING.-^k
March T>. at 7:."0 o'clock. X-i\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. *^r >
KXCEI^IOR Lodge No. 16a F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS CWEDNEE- J^_
I'>Ti EVENING. March 5. at 7:30X_Jf
o'clock. H. J. OWEN. Secre y
NATIONAL UNION. Call- a_x*StgX____v
rornia Council. meet5*TO- Tr«-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. * .^Sfc_
Fourth et., at S o'clock fin
it« new hall). Visiting friends cordially in-
vited. By order
A. H. KIVGSFORD. President. •
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
ANNCAL meeting— The regular an- *$s^»
nual meetlnjr of the. rtockholdera In <_T
th€ A. O. r. Hall Association of jfl'S
San Francisco will' be held in Ex- £___>
rcifior Hall, A. O. F. building. 102 OTar-
!*11 «t., San Francisco, Cal., on SATURDAY.
«he Mh day of March. lf»02. at 7:30 p. m.
D. E. BESECKER, President.
3. FALCONER. Secretary^ .'
AVSTRIA-N Bene\-olent Society. — Offl- __..!>_.
<t? an,1 memlrf>rF: Attend your rep- £i!!_c£4
ular quarterly nifcting WEDNES- JjMrf
DAY EVE, March 5. l»02, at 8 Pjggjg
o>k>ck sharp. Appropriations and " u *
donatiom*. Fines for non-attendance will be
etlrctly enforced. Bj- order of
A. MIKULICH. President.
PE WITT W. TOLL. Rec. Sec.
TO officers and members of _e*"TT>_.
Scandinavian Society — You j^jf.'rA'
;>rr h< i . t'.v notified to at- r^^^^>Pc\
fnd the funeral of our late fS/sA \^S\
member and past secretary. |5F^a,^Bsl_a_f|
RAPMVS n. NIELSEN. XOX^-^^Li^I
TO-MORROW- iTHL'RF- YJV^&3i^?V
DAY*. :.t 1 p. m.. from tlip V'fl* 3^^^' :
DHrloi-5 of the California N_IG-V_X ;
1'ndcrtalcing Company, 405 j
Powrll st. near Post. By order of Presl-
dei.t. JOHN E ANDERSON. President.
CARL A. HAGSTROM. Secretary.
HARMONY Alliance >*o. 15. St. Patrick's Al-
tian<-« of America — The picnic committee- of
thi5 alliarce will hoM a special meeting at
(K R. Tv-flall. 11 Vi Mission Rt., on THURS-
DAY EVENING. March «5. 1902. at 8 o'clock.'
Burtne« %t importance to be transacted.
JOHN J. O'BRIEN. President.
.TAMEP J. WREN. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — Hakalau Plantation
Company— The regular annual meeting of tha
*tocWboM«rs of the Hakalau Plantation Corn-
puny will be held at the office of the cotn-
r«nv 227 Market at., in the city and county
tsi F*n Frsnriseo. 8U.U of California, on
tTEDNESDAY. the Wh day of March. 1902.
at th« hour of 11 o'clock a. tn., for the par-
pos* of electing a board of directors to scrva
tr,r th* ensuing year and for tha transaction
et e_ch other business as may coma before-
<h« meeting. , Transfer books trill dote on
Fiidi)'. February 21. !»«/• «t 8 o'clock
p n. ' H, W, THOMAS, Secretary.
•I O "the wtft.-hhoider* of the Mercedes Oil and
nevei»pinen» «*o.« Nolle* i» hereby eiven that
Ihe snnual meeJIna- ttt the stoekholdera of
the Mercedes oil and Development Company
will b* held at «h» nffl'"* of tha cnmVhny.
mm ouus FrrtfU'U tidr., <*«n Kr»nd»co,
«"•).. on ib» l ft tb of Mnreh, 1902, at fl p. fi-
tly «h* tiosrd ft directors,
.1. C. It, KliWATtnS. »«cnHary,
A*'noV 'h*abyr7 <JiiyIii*«f<1, Tor udontlen; nUo *
bny nn4 » Ctrl S month« ntd, i;Mil,ti;
ITMnM:, 141*1 l;tcM>< m,, Al«n»d.a.
A*TnOLOOV.
lioMOHniriSM cast; fu»ur» 1'rwllrfM: traillnrrs
\n ninll if .ip^irfi. ttwymoiid. 2-7 Tsyl«r >t.
ATTO tt % KX B AT LAW.
R. w. KIN<1. atty., Examiner building, room
f; J ."I ; all rasp*: damages, rotates, wills, tnort-
¦:¦•£• f. i>artnor^lilp». attachments, collpctlons,
ptr.; i^ithI :-iapcn> drown; consultation free;
tin ndvunce »-h«r*r-»: open rvr's; call or. write.
ADVICE fn>»: divorces a speclaUy:qulck; quiet;
- no chnree wuhout Buccei»; ertabllshed 10 yrs.
¦ O. \v. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
APV1CE free: no charge? unless aucoeraful. W.
/-TV. I'AVIDSON, !»27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
APVirr; free; pp«»n ev^ry evenln*:; low fe»s;
alt ran*. J. M. THmSTON. «19 Maiket ft.
Ii. P. CLARK. Emma Bpreckcls bldg.. 927 Mar-
k*t pt.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— 'For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN Is Veiling Eureka bicycles fa»t; swell-
f« thing out ; agency Columbia .Monarch, oth-
«_; r»r airlnp. bells, pumps: 301 Larkln ct.
BIRDS. DOCS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of eong.
talking and fancy birds; rold flsh. pet stock,
. H»f, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
f<wl of all kinds. Ib4« Market st. .bet.Sth & Pth.
DOABDIKC FOR CHILDREN.
NirR^E wifheii childern at lowrrt terms; large
*unn»- yard:ph n n'; nr.s<"hool. 1607 Callfornta.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD. \
U<>«Kf-- rt all kltrji" tiougrht; libraries purchased. '
H. C HoltnfB. 1141* Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CIIAXCES.
A— $1200; BEST located caloon on water front;
f I. jiani fixtures and ¦ flrst-clans paying busl-
n*r*; rent *4«; investixatr «nd you will find
a rare i-hanoe. 1_ U. "VVILKE. _«>4 Kearny.
A^fl-K": RESTAURANT
Good business :.......
8lckn«i<s <"hu«p of a real bargain
It. P., WILKE. 26», Kearny st
-\-$2.V'; CJGAR stand, with laundry offlcr-. on
llilrtl Kt.: lent »17 ftO; dally receipts HO
an I n.nro. All particulars cf. R. G. WJLKE,
- F . 's Kf-arny ul.
A~ fSBOj CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rents
$15; surourtdfj by planing mills, lumber
yards and railroad shops; clearing above $100
jxt month. Call R. G. WILKE, 2614 Kcarny.
A — $S.V); HARDWARE and crockery -tore with
plumbing shop; on Fourth at., near Market;
croud business; rent $20. Call It. G. WILKE,
_O'i K»_irny Bt.
A— 11300: CORNER saloon with - rooms - and
mercantile lunch, purounded by breweries
snd malt houses; rent $37; clearing above
I2O0 t*t month. Call R. O. WILKE,' 26&
Kearny st.
A — S42.': DELICACY and dairy produce store
on Mlrslon Bt.: X llvltic rooms: rant $20: dally
i«relpta about $25. Call R. G. WILKE. 20 ?i
Kearny st.
A"--$4r»0:"REiTAURANT on Fourth et:, close
to MutT.ct; rrnt $30: good paying business;
* alur In eight. Call It. G. WILKE, ¦ 2Q\i
Krarny at.
JT^MUST sacrifice buey clear Hand netttns: me
tjWi every month, arwunt III health; been
h»re 1- years: ln*'olc-e »tork; Investlarate ful-
ly; ?25 itiK. Hee JIRDGES. 401 ParroU bldg.'
A—BARGAIN; cigar aUind; money-maker; lo.
<»t>-d on very bury corner wholesale district;
* -• f ui it tjl fixtures:' reasgnable rejit; high rlasa
Uade; m'U>t ba seen to b« appreciated. C. L. '
t I1KI»GICS, «0l-«<12 Parrott bliig.. <C* Market.
A-» *o~CIO Mt™"i«tnnd» ; prlcas $7ft to ll.VK);
ptoflts %'i to $n dally; rents $Q to $125 month.
i <-«n "ii you a nm«'l-M stand at -Invoice.
C h. HKUOHS. 4tl.4«52 1'arrott building,
A-WKO, twain*** ntttinx I15.<khj annually will
I* sold at _ rldtculniisly iuw.fia-ure; own«r
¦ ¦..iti|.i-ii'-ii to in..* «- ICa»t ini-oiitii larg«r In.
i»r**t«, Any nn* wishing Al hu»ln<»* »>•••• my
*k*th. <;. l«. iinixinH, inx-tnz i*«riott »>uis.
i^iM7o7oT;nArii gttilery~f.n Market «t., fine
I)' ti'i'i'. up: uoln« tint buainct«; owner han
«»th*r buatn«»i»; $1200. ItOLKfl CO.. 41 3d.
A"-^BA"KKmTwliTi U roftms attachrd: prcsrnt
>•¦¦• ii' i ¦ i> mi ther* lit years; all utensils for
< _ )K f, r *-^*-'?- r V?" 1 H co ' 41 Thlr^, *'•
A — "- V 11'»L1IMALK and retMll liquor store on 3d
»t.; Mm k ulll Invoice $£500; cheapest rrnt on
mr>« l- want ItOHLFH CO.. 41 3d.
A-^_n"6c'i3nV and bar; old-esubllshed place
nu Third *t.; ii«-iit there S5 years; good its-
k.in for r-clllng; H-00. Rohlfs Co.. il Third.
CMANCK for younsr druririst or physician;
• tiurft.iir- In Diiiiintr town. Nevada; for cash
or ixchamre for city drugstore or paying
property. McBRIDE & CO., 7«0 Market «t.
H7;,-f riGAR store, tn orood condition. ' Mc-
HRlPi; fe CO.. «C5 Market at. ¦ ¦ ¦
III'ALY ¦*• CARR, O nddy rt.. ¦ San Kianplaco.
rcom» 1M and i». Fhone James 2771— W« sell'
all kinds of • business opportunities, -"city; and
country real estate. Call or i write for our
Wi-W-J >lst properties lor MUe and exchange.on N lino of Filbert strstt. S3 V, of Hak«r,
N 72, R 70. N 48, 13 67, 8W 104, BW 00, W
78:4; $10.
Ilalrd UstAte (» cerporatlon) to Frederick W.
Woltera, lot on W lln» of Central ¦ nvenww, HX)
« o( I'lijfH streot, H -'.'. by W n:i:i>; |10.
Duma lo John J, nnd Julia tlw*«noy, lot on
*H corner of Png« vlreet and Moionla awnm,
i S» by 13 in ill; 110,
Itebeppft Van Hurncn to' John Van Hcrftsn,
"i en 13 line of Cnl* str««t, ii0»:0 H of Wttllar,
i 80 tiy ll r.'O; I :n 11 11 1,
rluitlrn A, nn, I Aihllu M. Ui i»fi to l'«t*r M
dm in, im on I! Una nf riolvmisra strati, ittfiO
H nf W.illm, H U,1 hv II IJIllll'j |IO,
CHthfrlne 0, Wnleh tit Tnrmnoa I'rutTh, lot
m W jinn of Psrltrr »v#nurt. MH N •>«, rulion
Hiwt, N UR, W UNI, H Ullft'i, Mil IIMIj «l"
Miimll X' mid Hi ill v MpIkiih lit llnniKihii I 1 '.
KiimiiiiI, lot mi w Una nf Julian av«nu«. !jtx)
M nf Cfiiiriranilt strwi, H tfft hy W lorti »IQ,
|'!#tnla Wljllfim I MUPiiHiU linliiMi i ihv Mih,
JVllHiiin .P, l.iuvenatik (Miiunildn) \n Mrn»«l Ai
II. HiiVHiiHi'lt, lot nit W Una nf AIhiiimmv ¦li'fil.
T4llt«, H Mlioij, H i4i(H|| 1111.
i-'-iittB niiiei inivuiimiit (minor) (by eame
B'lMl.ilrtlil (ft Ml. It., "MIIIBi ||H,
i!n<iiH OhailH Miiv*i»Bi'ii imliifir) (by «Atne
HunnllHn) »>• mm*, saiiibi lit I.
%\rn, William I 1 *, iJuvenecU In nama, mim^i
¦ d. if, O, gnd Annie Wlnhuseh te W.A,
Prpileriuh, iet an NW I'ctrner nf W»v*«twnih and
d»nph»i titpeetn, N Blin by W U<M •».
Wlllittm if, i'rim In Oeeitte H. Crlffl. undt>
virimt R#v§iutw@ttty>fdurthH Interiutt In tot un
NW eorni*! 1 et 'rwenty^HtifdiDi HH't Flufliln
Ptrp^lf., W 60 dy N 1(U| Hint) «t»-1l vlrio.1 nvf-
Hvrh'v-f.iiiifiiB iiiiPi-BBt In lot an fil «nrn*r »t
'rwpiity-pp.'imii ami Florldii streets) ti 60 by
m loot f 1 1 mo.
I-'i-piIpiI.'U F. ?U'li.iPtllpr l-i Nler)ldi» J. nli'l
Nrllln .1, fUainl, |nt nn W 11(16 ->f rinii.li Street,
III) N »t .fer«y, N 2& hy W 1001 110.
Mttrv A. Binith to John A. lilnoni, lot nn «
line of Valley street, 108 W of Banchea, W 2»
liy M 114| |IO.
Andrew J, ami Hnrlhn Hnhn to nichurd Col
liriin.ll, lot on W line of No? street, 101:0 N
of Twenty-third, N 25 by W loft; »1O.
Dnvld Condon to Henry F. llelmerle, lot on
H lint' of Twentieth street, 100 M of Eureka,
IJ iiA liy H l>7:ili |10.
Mfltielenn Cnii:in»ft to Mary Culderon (Hlnglo),
undivided half Interest In lnt on N line of
(irernwirh street, 7« E of W line of fiO-vara
Jot Him i, N (Ml to an alley tiy K 20 (lot on N line
nf Greenwich street, 212:0 K of Stockton. B 2Q
liy N 00)1 »10.
Hurtii- to Fredcrlco and Isabella Casasea, un
dlvlded nnlf lnterpst In same; $10.
O. II. and Clorlnda de Martini to William
Wankow«kl, lot on B line of Dush street, 107:6
W of Grant avenue, W 22:11 by 8 OS; »10.
Thomas llallle to Alice nallte. lot on BE linn
of Hryant utreet. 457:0 NE of Third, NE 21 :»
by si-: so; rift.
Fannie and Walter Wrl*ht, Thomns F. Pen
ny, Mury b (or Loulne) O'Malley, FannU
Wrleht nnd W. J. Denny (trustees estate of
Mary Denny) to Charles* Koch, lot on HE lln»
of Minna street. 125 NE of Sixth, NE 23 by
EHtn'te of Mary Denny (or Dtneen) (by Fan
/iln Wrleht, administratrix) to same, same:
(4000.
Arthur O. and I-ydla n. Flsk and Flora E.
Werthclmer to Richard I. Whelnn. lot on BE
line of Howard street, 14S BW of Eighth. 8W
55 by BE 85; $10.
Sum.' to same, same: $10.
Katrine It. Van Reed to Martin F. Frajjley.
lot on NW corner of Thirty-seventh avenue and
D street. W 1.'I2:« by N 100, K 12:6, N 100, E
120, S 20O; also lot on NW corner of Thirty
third avenue and B street. W :J2:« by N 100;
Also lot on N Urn- of D street. 32:6 E of Thirty
fourth avenue, r. 25 by N ICO; $10.
Mary B. or Minnie E. Flick to Walter M.
Irmly, lots ID. 20, 2(1 to .IS Inclusive, block F,
takevlew; .<I*imi.
William M. O'Connor to William Crane Spen
der, estate of Cornelius O'Connor, deceased.
No. 1-.i.2.:<l; $5000.
Wllllnm C. and Edward H. Hammer Jr.,
Mary A. Dick (Hammer) to Charles Nielsen,
lot on BE line of Perry street, 102:0 NE of
Third, NE 25 by HE 75; $10.
• MARCH 4, 1002.
M. It. Krlicbaum and M. It. KrlRbnum A Co.
to Bamti<*l Martin, lot on NW corner of Lom
bard and Larkln ntrerts. N .13 by W 87:0; (10.
Hainuel and Anna M. Martin to Theodore
Polndextcr, Mime; -$10.
Otto F. and Mathilda von RhHn to Louis
Friedman, lot on BW corner of O' Farrell and
Frnnklln streept. W 87:0 by H ;io ; $to.
Arthur nnd Kophla Lederer to Pho«be Cerf,
lot on N line of Hush utrpct, STtS W of Web
ster. W 27 by N 100: $«a>»0.
. I.. If. and Lizzie Hly to Alice Velller. lot on
N llnoof Filbert street, 833:0 W of Hroderlck.
W 25. NW 15:10, NW 03: 10%, E to a point.
H 107:0; $10.
Same to Flyman and Albert Marx, lot on W
line of riroderlck Ktreet, 60 N of Filbert, N 23
by W 108; $10.
The Oeorge Htlerlen Company (corporation)
to Annie F. O'Urlen (wife of William K.), lot
on H lln« of I'nR* street. lR2:.t> / -S W of P.akrr.
W 25. H 137:0, E 00, N 22:«, W 25, N 115;
$12.01)0.
Wllllnm F. O'Drlen to same, same; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
A. Plcard (owner) with li, McRae '(con
tractor), architect E. W. Hyde— All work for a
tlir< .-Hii>ry and basement frume bulldlns: on
8 line of 1'ucirk' streot, 75 ;0 U from Mason, j;
27:8 by H 68)81 $5000,
William J. Hmlth (owner) with Felix Mar
ruae (enntractor), architect LI. K. Remmel— All
work for » two-story frame building i'i flats)
on W line of First avenue, 1115 N from Clement
street, N .'17 by W 120. O. U, Uf, $4575.
AusuntA D, Amen (uwnar) with William
Kn iwlrri (cnntrBotor), nri-hlt«ut Harris Allan-
All work fur a two>*tory frame houne on M lint
¦ ¦f WiiHiiiiinii.il tii.t-i, no i; from J'uiu, i; 37:0
by Hd;M', i.siii'cifii'iiili.iia rrii.l H Una nf Wash*
Ington Nic-'-r, mc;ii j; from Polk); |A7tU),
(.'hsrlns Miner* (IoihIsII (owner) with O, If,
lli-Hily * HofiN (I'ontrftPtori), tu<n|t«.t Kdw4f4
II, MWlllll - -K»ji'rt » MtttKI. l.li.'W WOrk, ,/t.ll.Tcla
f1-i.if«, ai.uili" wink, i.ira^o.i drU'k, nUipwulk
llghtM, ol«e| and i«-ii. i ftittm work for « f«ur>
istory find FiaNemunt brlrk hulldln* on NW line
or M.ni«i 8t^#t, srioi.'i nw riMin Vim .v^a «vr»
hup, nw filial, n i liii, r. aa, n imr i,, n ihi«
tit t)nk Pttfitt, M «'l. N 70. W i'J, N 10, \V li,
N inaifi, W, A. 71 i K 1 4, MT«,
ftdiii" tiwn^r with 'rii'iiim* M. M>l, n . hUrt
(I'liniiiii-iiiM, architect Biiiiip--t'nrt«-tit»i- work,
etc 1 ,, r.ir riwnr (in »ittii«'! »ll,l!i'l.
M.iiiix owner with Knlnton Iron Workw (pon-
IrAttar), ni-clillpi'l *i!iii". Wr.niKlit .Hi, I cast
Iron ftttd sIppI work foi* on mirna: lacfio.
• Ntimc o*wr wild ' Wesley Heldt (dgfl.
til!, inn, Hfchltrpt fumr ¦ Itor.finir And cnlvnn
lk«d Iron work foe «nmp on sninpj $1107.
MdttiB owner with iti.-iiiinl Itlfs (contractor),
art'hltprt rt>.nie^— Piuinblng, etc, for mmn on
pi. hip: <il.-,iii.
riame ownrr with Oporite II. Tay Company
(contractors), architect tame— Hratlng plant
for en mo on name', $1000.
Hnmp owner with J, IS, Tobln (contractor),
archltTt pamp— Lathlntr and plastrrln?. etc.,
for Hiimc nn Knme; $1M75.
Kame owner with A. Merle Company (a cor
poration) (contractor*). archltPCt same — Store
mntiil work. Killli-.J. fire phcspps. stair rail.'
etc., for snnii- on same; l|lls.'S2 Co.
Bnme owner with Martin Peterson (con
tractor), architect *iime— Palntlns, etc., for
t«nrip rn unw', >l.'Wi0.
California Howllnir Allov Company (a corpor
ation) (owners) with J. M. Kobertson (contrac
tor), architect Ifpnrv II. Meyers — All woik for
flnfuhlnir up bayempnt of a four->itory frame
IniU.HnK on NW corner of O* Farrell nnd Stock
ton streets. N 137:0 by W 1:J7:O; $2350.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, AVEDNESDAY,. MAKCH L X902.
HEAL ESTATE. TBANSACTIONS.
MARCH .1, 1002. .
Thomas W. or T. W. Brennnn to Augusta D.
Ames (Bingle), lot on S line of Washington
street. 110 B of Pollc, B 27:0 by S 103:814)
gift.
LouIh and . Jennie Frledlander to trfiv/renco
O'Keeffe. lot on W line of Larkln street, 27:S'/i
S of Paciflo. S r»0 by W 112: $10.
Charles G. Wellhlng to ¦ Mery J. Church
(widow), lot on N line of Chestnut street, 100
W of Van Npos avenue, W 137:0 by N 137:6,
quitclaim deed; *10.
Mary J. Church to Cnesar Dcalberto. lot on N
line of Chestnut etreet. 10S>:9 W of Van Ness
avenue W 27:0 by N 137:0: $10.
Same to Stefnno Re, lot 'on N line of Chest
nut-Btreet, 137:3 W of Van Ness avenue, W
27:0 by N 137:0; ¥10.
Same to Antonio Camp!, lot on. N line of
Chednut street, 1(34:1) W of Van Ness avenue,
W 27:0 by N 137:0; $10.
Same to Orlando Llppl, lot on N line of
Chestnut street, 102:3 W of Van Ness avenue,
W 27:0 by N 137:0; $10.
Same to Antonio Halvarlzza. lot on N line of
Chrrtnut street, 210:11 W of Van Ness avenue,
W 27:0 by N 137:0; ?10. ?
John J. Urady to Isldor Rosenzwelg, lot, on
8W corner of O'Fnrrell and Lacuna etreets, 8
40 by W IOOjJIIO.
Susan G, and Alfred' J. Kelleher to Kdward
Htorror, lot on N line of Clny street, 33 15 of
Welieter, K 87:2 by N 102: »io,
IluldB, E. Flodbem (wlfo of Charles) to
Kmma h, McCaffery (wife or H, P.), lot on B
Una of Waller street, IBOiS-W of Flllmore, W
»B by H 120; $1, ¦ ¦-
Robert (}, and Martha K. Tlarton to Jnmes
Cnlrnn, lot on N line of Union street, «l:2 K,
of J'|«rca, n 8"!4 by N 100 i 1 10.
Kllsftbeth MeHbarn to Arthur M. MePhfirn,
lot on N lln« of Vnllejo street. J(W!il W of I)e
vlnndPro, W 30 by N 1.'I7M»; gift.
it'il.mt A, and viola I, McLean to Henry V'.hi
Dersen, lot on NI" corner of l!ro«(1wny and
Droiierlek utrset, B J08!(l by N 1,17:41; 110,
Hitmund and Berth* Knufmnnn to ltlphnrd
llnlphlne. lot on 8 linn of Hfcrnmento *fiv«t
ltB K ofn«k«r, W 27 ill by « V.'.2\Hi; $10, ? *
A. II. Honn^mann to Alice -U. Binllh. l.*t
11
PALMISTnV.
¦ ' ¦ .. l ...^«i'>~'""«">"^»» * »».,».'
1 was. •"¦ PEAIICI3. arlentlfle tmalnesa palmist,
ai irlura 12 and ia. Th« Vtndome. UO4 Market
it ; t>our» from it a. tw. to 10 p, ny '
«5jnroTl.rNREmiAAI»> rparts 1 to 4, Too
p.«t at.." <"«T>*r ef Jonr-s; phona I'oik M7.
jT^IInOMB W&EUA, #c|pntma palmist, At 6
Tiplnt »i.. »«-i. «rwty wntt Vom teHtiitch fetil.
|'AI*iTISII« AMI lmrOIIATOItM,
i-.vri himi ••>.ini. wbIIs, $r6o: PafntTngT"!!"',
, i.,i,,,iMi '.(.,¦ i-miiit-i. imt /isim, t-Mii, * '
jFTlTrF-«1.AM »ork| low ra(FB) grt ligurea.T
r.i »t , I'niiirr nf «linii»»i iilintm I'nlk hhi,
I'illlkDNAI.M,
AN tl««a«U ||n* Of niiinaiila fur milla In order
|lhi wilh Ouaa atilta niHka ..i. nt,, „„ '
,,l |iH iiU fl*a «if (-tiaiK«| iillwr aulta on IntiMi.
a, II I., I.15MHH |H7 M«ik"t
e , , i, f 'i»rt pi.* milt ami Intuit, «"'*«
JTn- lUTTHIf, W«»naUn tiTflTpri la ita w ~i?^
|ii*rt ib tr*«t imrllei «l lh«*lr liumai iltaim ».
Item « *|.W'laUri MlUfaclltm HUflrantaml,
oil i.t ttiiiiirc* (in Iiiiia »M t'hftim (May 84J,
rl.i ' nil'' Hum in Vvt^rr r«Wfl=»\Si^
M .,iri, 'Miitd ?=»,. ti^ar MarkMj Too rm>tn*i
l.-,< \» II t<» J.rf til|it>t| $1 Ml In |a ppf H,4l
f, cB 'iiim mitt l.nrt«i|>t> in htn1 rinm tha ten*.
wny turn* A,.i ,!,n l.p rttuin e,f «, t y{ # - n "j
fit \y u»lhg rMmvinni PBUMHI.J Match PhI*
tnthli hhd ThB 1'rplptirr Imw i ¦ n-i j . j \y
1 VANS, llntr.pMIr olfli-p. 1021 MatkH, hf.eth,
A— -WHAT do »*mi Ililnht oT~lTl5ltMAl*r l»
rill*, I ¦ « ColnfPd *lilH» to i-i.lri : |1 pachi
awiiip an %-M\* r'ilit»; pr-iprtinn uiki patlprns!
ON «uifl «flfr thla flat* t wliTnot be fcBpntml-
|.u for any dpbtn «'nntract»i1 by tny wtr*
mrb. «»;«m»ii tiHisKw. uiao. s. oreen!
WMIT13 nintn*-! Iron »>p(1k, atngle, threp-qitarler
or dcuiMe, *a £S. kastchn OUTFITTING
<-O.. 13H.-l.tia Ptorktmi m., near Uroadway.
ALL my cuMomrra recommend thrTTTrirnds to
nio; halrdrrnBlng. nny ntyls, »5e; switches
wigs. O. LEDERER. 123 Htockton at. "
AT lr»* than coat, uncallrd-for aulta overcoats
and trouKera at CHARL.ES LYONfe", London
tallnr. 721 Market at.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; pnltiless; fre« treatment;
work guaranteed. Mlaa C. Dudley, 1703 Mkt.
A nrhool to learn halrdreaalng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
V»-t. Pnlk and Van Kean. MISS A. V. LWY^.12.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
nr.Q.P.Moorf.n.'aoFarrcll; aend for circular.
PRIVATE detnetlve work; rensonaMe rates; 10
years' fxtxrlcncg. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna at.
ELECTItlC nrrdle tipirlallrtu; ruprrfluoua hair
* moles destroyed. Mr*. U. Eaton, 427 Hutter
PPPKilFWOlTB hiilr iH-rmiinrntly rpmr»»-r<l by
electric needle. MRP. M. HAItRlS, 420Sutt«r.
PUPERFLT^OUS hslr and moles removed by
rlertrle needle.Dr.&Mm.Traverae.ll'O Market
ALFREDUM8 Egjptlan Hrnna; rratorca gray
hair to Ita natural color; $1; at all drugglata.
OJCI5 MINUTE TOOTH ACIIB DROPS CUltE
lnntantly: iQc and £5c. All drugglaU.
Mrs. P.rlcKs— Superfluous hair, inolrs destroys
by electric tirrdle. 068 Sutler; tel.Larktn3171.
SfASQITERADE enstumra. play books, wigs;
country ordfra. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
aiiuxjuerade coMumm nt II. Andn-aon'a, theatri-
cal ciwtuinrr. 20 0'Fa.rwll; country order*.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 CO; dress pants, $2 5a
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dunont.
T>n. LAMOTTK'8 FRENCH CORN PAINT, th«
b»«t mm rur», 2V; all drugrirts.
rnoMQTKns.
I WISH to mrel rei«i>rm«lble, cntfrprlning bu«l-
• • ;> man, who wishes to make big fortun*
by promoting stock company for great
:¦.::¦>• n.i.Mi'i' invention. Address ETAF*
Foni>. 1S3 Eleventh st.
pnoi'o»Ats.
MUT1CE TO COM T 11ACTU JteT— Of He* of t »•
Veterans' Homa of California, room 13, 820
I ¦ tr.ni.ine tt.. Ban Francisco, Cal.— Under and
In pursua&ce to an act *&UUed "An act to
provide for tba erection of a modern hospital
building for th* Veterans' Homa, located at
Tountvllle. Napa County. Cal.." and appro-
priating $23.(HK) therefor (approvad March
SO. 31*01. Statutes lt>01. page 823). and In
accordance, with tbe resolution of t&e board
of directors of tha Veterans' Homa of Call*
Jen. la. adopted October 12, 1001, th* board
of dlrectora of tha Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby tnvltea and advertises for
acalcd proposals for furnishing tha materials
and performing tna labor for tha erection
and construction of tu.a nospttal butldlnc, at
«>.e cald Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County, in accordance with tba ptana, da.
•crlpttons, bills and epeclftcatlons, prepared
therefor by Georgt T. de ColmesnU, archi-
tect ; and that contracts based upon aucb
pealed proposals will ba let, mad* and en-
tered Into; ttiM filana, deacrlptlona, I ills and
aiiectfications can t>* aeen and examined b*«
tween lbs hours of t a. m. and 0 o'elock p.
ta. of each and avery tiualness day. from
ii. t data i.nt.if to tha data of aald centraet
or ron'.raets, at tha offie* or tbt »atd 4I>
rectem cf «il4 V*ter»i«' Homa, rwm 13,
tSu riena'ima at,, Ban mnelsea, Ca|,
Prparata bid* will ia ir. nvti and erparat*
rontracta let »n<i enl»red Into •• herein
ahoy* »et forth, fur each ef th* following
t>srts < f *ai<] butidtrtg, erertlpn or rtruetur*.
!i,.luflii, e II. « ful l.ltMfig of ltUor Mnd Mi
• n-ioii. !.«¦¦ rtwiir iherrfor, as required oy an
•ct rt.Htir.i "An art to reruisu eentracu
'¦»¦ l'i.»ir t>t i.io i-.inie In tritiiii.ii to *rwCtlflB
• ' buildlrifa" (ni.j.t'ivn Mmrh a t jhjh,
*tfttuto« n-,t. n. into 431), tad u.» act*
arnenaatory thereof, that la to *ay for tb*
t. 'i..»t,. e parta, namclyt
V"itn, for th« fnaponrjr work. Including all
fertrk. efoti*. orra <,,ii« >nd rmn.i. work.
» ¦=- > n-i, 1' r th» carpenter, plaitvrieg, «!•«•
i'i' ar>9 glaring work,
Third. f..r th« rl'i'i.Mng wortu
rourtn. for the heating work,
fifth, for the tinning, galvanised iron and
tla*lng work, and
Plxth. for the painting and irralnlog.
t>ald tvnrk a* herein provided for omptis>
tne; the admlnlotratlon block, and th« two
front ward? ae rhown oa said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and cpeclflcatlon*, Including th*
furnishing of materials and th* necessary
labor therrlor.
The work Is in be done under th* ruper-
virlon .Hi direction of <*aac II. Small and
th* bulldlnce and grounds and tha bonpltal
rommltteea of said Vcteraaa' lions, actlog
for an<1 on tbe behalf of Its said board ef
4lr»ctor».
A m i urrtr. contract will be let for as many
dlfTerent kinds nf work as ar* herelnabova
cpcclfled. No btd or propotal will b* received
or roncidered unlem accompanied with a good
and rornclrnt bond of eald pronoaer or bid-
t.»r. equal to 10 per cent of hia propoaal or
H4. with rufflcient eurrtle*. conditioned that
'.' raid prepoval or bid Fhall b« accepted the
tarty proi«OHing or bidding will duly enter
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
Ms cr ihelr contract or contracts, In accord-
ance with raid proposal or bid. and the plans.
d*rcrlptlorif. bills and "pacifications, which
are hereby ma4« a part of thla notic* and
cf anv contract to be let hereafter.
Eald sealed bids < r proposals must be de-
livered to the fsald directors cf tbe Veterana'
Home cf California, or tP. th* secretary ther*-
r.f. at the office of iai4 directors, room 13,
P20 Fantome st, 1n the city and county of
fan Frandseo. Ftate of California on or
before the hour nf J :30 p. m. of the twenty-
eccnnd day of March, 1JKT2. which ii hereby
deeiKnat'd an the time and place where tbe
eatd sealed Mfl« or proposals will be opened
t>y the said fltrcctors of the raid Veterans'
Home. «nd raid contracts let and made
If In the opinion of said board of directors
cf the eald Veterans' Home the acceptance
cf the lowest of eald sealed bids or proposals
rhall not be for the bent interests of tb*
Ftate. raid board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of eald bids or pro-
poeals opened as In their opinion may be for
the best Interests of th« State, under and in
accordance with and as provided by tbe terms
cf section 4 of the eald act entitled, "An
act to regulste contracts on behalf of th*
Pt* t p In ¦ relation tn erection and buildlne-*"
'approved March 23, 1676, Statutea 1875-6,
pace 427). or to reject ! any or all of sajd
cealed bids or proposale.
For further Information and partlculara
bidding contractors are hereby referred to
, the secretary of the board of director* of said
k veterans' Home, at the office of said board
cf directors; as herelnabove set forth.
By order of th* board of directors of th*
Veterans' Home of California.
JT. 3. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
Dated rebruarr 10. 1902.
IFRANCiia>~Caf.7Mareh 4. 1902.— There
be fsold at public auction at Presidio of
Franrlneo. California, commencing
ireday, March IS 1902. and continuing
n dnv to day, 22.1 homes. These borne*.
eccllmat»d and in good condition, but
no longer n«>rded for the public eervice.
ire.— Oarh. For further Information ap-
to the «i unru-rm nw.tr r at Presidio of Ban
nrlBco. Cal. D. D WHEELER. Denuty
rt«rrnn*trr Ot-nerai. U. 8. Army, Chief
irtermaster. . v
_ _DlVIDEXn~XOTICE»!
Cli ut the (Jontra^CoBta Water Co., room
aecond floor, Mlila building. Ban Fran-
o. March 4, IWtt. Dividend No. 1»8 of
i»nta tier uharf on the capital stock of
Contra c.imik Water Co. will be payable,
ihe office >,f bald romiiany, room 1«, »>eo.
floor. Wills building, on March IB, 1002.
ri*rer books Kill cUme on March 10, IS*02,
ig'mVARP MrOARy. BePretary.
MM* Notice- TbTujBtit" I'owder tXm-
y, t'on.j u dividend, No. tid, ut a»venty*
rent, «,&<» , lf . r ,j (fcr a c |}, ft Jnocd capl*
ftof-k «.f tlf- (.,u,i,atiy riB» bten d«<Mured
*i»i«- 01 «h« «4flr* «f th« company, ru'imt
»>i. -¦".. llsyward building Hun Vmu-
0, rn MfiKli 10, JW«. Trnnnfr-r Iwiku
Vir? Mwf ' h "• iarj2 < «• ««»n. J, n. hV.AV'
M.I, HMiit/iiy.
\ WAXTSD^~i^b~wn»%i u fMf~M{t*\A*~ior
\ 1 •,-itry and vrgetatil«-B; gmall Ijouc"! rtnt
•xA-t.ablr, Ulx ;j767. Call offlc*.
»»^JC»TAT1S--.C1TV— FOa BALP.
EA8TON. ELDniDdE A CO.; 7
. «38 MAHKIST 8T.
AUCTION I
• AUCTION I
TUEHnAv AUCTION!
JUISHDAY,. , , ...Mareh 11 10M
At Our rlalosroom No Vm w2fk"t Hi.
At l'J O'clock Noon, f
N«rA imj(lll ' HT ' f°«NI51t MANBION.
woril^asl pnrnrr (Nn, I loll) llnuah ami Kills
i/rV«. «"'. ir l |B > •>« l ««nt modern if»liiBiio«
Ifi.f *'»". «Ml"hf<r allli»i innilern Huiiibiiw, ntn.i
luidV. eV " ry '""'"' t)onu "' '"'• f' B *
J»°WN TOWN IMIMmVKD I'UOlMWrY,
Mouitj nida n f nhriwnnfj at, (Noa, 11 [n IftA In,
luMvn, too t-HPt of 'I'liird. at, anil imrih a Ma
• f Nalomn *t, <Nna, yd W>, 140 feet e«iH n^
4 1111(1 al.l ien 1 .-it, nn iitu fn nooil nmillilnn,
l-enilnn for ItHB per annum and always lanleili
|2»l» J inperly haa » frunitta.e nf «« tM on Hner«
woi»(f M, «nr| a frontage ill UK feet 611 NMuma.,
Kllii litlhu lln fnl lU depth,
1X>\VN 1H)WN 1NVBMTM15NT IMtOJMWTV,
BttUlh utila ef (VfufiPll al,, iflSirl feet east
>< f Lhiklni t. ntm |..| aultabla fop hmii et«nH
f1ol»| .,|,l i- 111 ln l mil ro 1 »nU ft, .III Moikul (tt. I
If plMpnlV llllt'M'Vn.l will f"V 18 prl .p|,I |
I'trpri,) ,,|.1 |t,,i,invrtMr|ilp |r t il faT f&0 per
IlKMllilj tut &6«lOTlU frPi,
imyANT^HtTeonNBii,
Ni-iilirn*!. iiv totftn of Jlrvatit 8t: «tid Bi«n.
Ify jiUcf. eaM of Hpootui ft,, Nti«. il,1(^minJH0»
lua Mtyntit pit. i n..«. ;iT-«r.-4T f*unlpy plncf,
Atid Nna. l-V :i Mlnntry court I ilnt-n miih lltt-i-o
• i.ittiB" b "ii iirviini si.. iMn-Finiy iiinipp and twu
flats on Ptatilry iilarp. two flats ami eotta** om
fin nl" >¦ court) tiilnettig In a nutnl u( #1404
per annum; comer lot MTiQxlOO feet.
WKBTKItN ADDITION 1IOMI9.
Pouth nlile (No. 1UT0) u'l'mmli ««., H7:0 feet
oaiit of iv.it t: inn.ii m, well-hullt hnui>e 0 rooms
and bath; kry lot, 27x49 fret.
IUIANNAN-6T. IIUBINKB8 rnOI'EnTY.
Southeast Una (Nns 400A to 400H) Hinnnon,
7B feet west of Third at.; new tnodrrn three-
atorr frame bulldlnir rontalnlng a store with
A rooms and two flats, 0-0 rooms and bath; lot
.-10:0*75 feet. , r # ..
rAan-ST.~~nnsn)ENci3.
Bouth aide (No. 1077) Pagn at., 82:0 feet
east of Urodcrlck; modern residence, H rooms
and porcelain bath, etc.; key lot, 25x67:0 feet.
REVENTH-BT. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Eaat aide (No. 547) Seventh St., 27ft fe«t
aouth of Hryant: Improvements, two houses;
rents nominal; lot £3xf)3 feet.
ALSO
Hast aide (Nos. r.r.l-r,r.:t) Seventh st, 300 feet
aouth of Bryant: Improvements, two houses;
rents nominal; lot 2SxS3 feet.
MISSION P.U8INES8 LOT.
Wnt *ld« of Church at.. f>7 f^et north ' of
Twrnty-«lxth; flne lance lot: level and ready
for bulwln « EABT0N ELDIUDaE A CO.
CiS Market st.
EASTON. ELDIUDOH. & CO.^
175.000 — Orand comer on Market at.. near
Franklin; 3 fronta*<*a; lot 76x124 feet;
this lot -la only short dlatance from
the proposed passenger terminus of
the new railroad and will double in
value In the next few years; It would
pay big If 'improved with a modern
hotel or apartment house.
120 ooo Jones St., near Golden Gate ava. ; 2
modern house*, 10-11 rootna and bath;
rents $1440 per annum; lot 30xb2:0
feet. '' ¦¦¦•;.¦
117.000— Muat be sold; make offer; well Im-
proved northweat corner In the heart
nf the best business portion of North
Hcach: substantial Improvements;
rnnstat of atore and 7 flata 4-5 rooma
and bath each; renta $1800 per annum.
118,000— Two elegant flats of 7-12 rooms on
Van Ness ave.,* near Uroadway; mod-
ern, well built; rents $1200 per annum;
lot 20x95 feet.
$15,000— Three modern flata of 7-8-8 rooma and
bat h and rear house of 7 rooms and
bath, on Pine at., near Hyde-st. cara;
7? present low rentala pay $1440 per
annum; .should pay at least $1700 per
annum; large lot 34:4%xi;J7:0 feet.
$12,t>0*— Three modern flats Tt-0-7 rooms and
bath, on Grove St., near Oough, and
4 well-built flats on Ivy ave.; renta
$1600 per annum; flne large lot 27:(ix
120 feet.
$11,600— Rents for $1380 per annum; 3 new
modern flats of 0-0*7 rooms and bath
on the north side of Page st., near
Park Panhandle; lot 25x137:0 feet;
thla la th* biggest bargain in the Pan-
handle dlatrlct.
$7,750 — Two modern flats 0-7 rooms and bath;
north Klde of hutter at., near prvlwi-
dero; every modern convenience; mnl-
tary plumbing; porcelain batha, e|ec*
trie lighting, etc; renta $840 per an<
Mini, fine larga lot SJxlOO feet,
$0000— 'Modern 2>atory houa« 7 rooma and l.iitn
on nay at., near Flllmore; key lot,
S»xWlT:fl feet^
iy:oo-A coxy wrii-i.uiii cottage of o room*
nnd hathi on * *> *•»» m,, near ring;
Irt VT.W.tMM feat,
$2,b00~- Two well'bullt flata 4-r. rooms and
t<Ath, (in 'ii"-n *t,, n@ar Larkln; rent*
•240 ptr annum.
$l,0OO~I<©fn<»rth fid* ef r> «., near Four'
iTiiih ft\p; ii. m lot fronti dnl«i«,i
, (iat« Park and tha eteettle «ars tm««
th* ii'inr; tls« SSxluO feet.
BASTON, ULDItinnW A CO.,
¦¦ C.iw Mnrkn Vt,
JOHKl'll fJTHAUH,
K&o Market at,, corner itockton.
Telephone Urant 177.
fteat Instate Ak> -hi*.
Property Bought and Bold.
Hriitu Collected. .
$2u,ooo .n-.ii, tialat.ee on racy tcrma; a very
good liii-iitnu producing property of 13
flats and rrsldenca of 0 rooms: ntnble;
chicken yard; lot In rear to build on;
rent m:.i>u per annum.
$10,000— Hay*wlndow house of 8 modern flats;
rent $louo per annum; lot 27:0x00; on
Scott st., tear Ueary; worth $12,000.
$8,000 — New modern 2-story and basement
house; stable; garden In front; on
Kills St.. near Bcott.
West Berkeley — Corner lot on Dancroft way
and Seventh at.
Fourth sl, between Channlng and
Dancroft way; sewered; sidewalk: lot
C2xlSS; price $500.
Lots 22 and 23, Raymond Tract,
Bancroft way -and Eighth sts. ; lOOx
100; price ffiOO.
Lot 22, Mitchell st., near Ban Pablo
ave.; txtxlOO; price *OOO.
Fair Oaks, Rtockton— Lots 22 and 23, bloclt 52;
00x100; price f£>0.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished;
patent clovct; lot 120x300; price 820QJ
Nnj.a — Ranch of Ii acres, new house of 8
rooma, hori<e, buggy, cow, chickens,
new windmill, running water; i rice
(3600. or rent f2OO per annum.
Campbell, near Ban Jose — Cottage of 0 rooms;
lot 40x120; price $700.
RIVEnS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
$500 CASH!
Balance monthly installments same as rent;
price $3250; lowest bank rate interest. G per
cent on deferred payments; handsome new cot-
tage; JuEt completed: 6 large rooms and bath;
moat beautiful marine view In the city; two
large and rlegant bay windows; large yard in
rear; latest, most Improved nlckle-plated open
plumbing; porcelain bath tub. porcelain sink,
tiled; elegant cas fixtures throughout; gas
grate; cement wash trays; blrdseye maple
mantel; be«t painting, graining, varnishing,
tinting and Hncrusta throughout halls jrnd rtjn-
lng-room; dome cWllnisrfi; brick foundation;
plate-glass doors; abundance of sun and light
all day long; every modern convenience; wa-
ter, gas and sewer connections all made; ce-
ment Fide wa lkb; flrst-claes location; 15 minutes
from Kearny and Market sts.; on car line; no
transferring to get down town.
Don't mlvs this bargain; It is worth 50 per
cent more than price we are acking.
RIVERS BROS.,
205 Montgomery nt.
FOR sale — Klegant furnished cottage and eta-
hle of S rooms and bath; a sacrifice on ac-
count of an immediate departure; only newly
furnlwhfd one month aea; price $400. O. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
WANTED — To purchase a residence north of
Broadway, from Van Ness ave. to Lyon st,
W. J. OUNN, 030 California et.
WANTED — To purchase lots from Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to Lyon st.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California at.
FOK eale — Fine new Mission home; big lot, 67x
120; 7 rooms and bath; here's a bargain; must
he aold; worth $0000; make an offer; splendid
locality: wand view; car lines elope. CONIC-
LIN. FIJLLINOTpN & CO., 710 Market st.
FOR sale cheap— Cottage of 3 funny rooms,
with view of «lty. 725 Utah st., bet. Nine-
tetnth ani T wen tleth; HOP.
$100 PER FOOT— Pacific Heights marine view
lots. THE MCCARTHY CO., 04<? Market st.
A CORNER, 7BxS0, Unction Market and Do-
lores, $ia,OO0.t.'J3. A. K.. Dlmond. Cal.
yon sale — S-rooni flat nicely furnished; near
City Hall. Rox 3751, Call of flee-
ft.ROOM houna for wale; bargain, 1013 IV.
Ham, bft, Twfiity-htwond and Twenly'lhlrd.
IIIJAI* I3STATIC— C'OUNTIIV— Vor Halo
J^roiilaAhS "n^saIx ban "francibco^^
Moull trar-u, $C0 to Jf»< i»r acre, on Itancho
'Cotstl, hi,iii,iiim Co.; mture valu* aKsurfd, as
fin Franclseo Is growing rnpldly; location
|i»i:t for poultry and prn^rai farming. Apply
16 Th* Coiatl Co., 3<)2, California, St., for
pnrniilil'-tn and Information. ___
VKOriTABVB Umon,' peach and prun«
lands t« aril; right locality; big money; «a«y
payments. IIKALV & CAItH, 0 Eddy »U
URAL BSTATIS— .COIINTnY— Por Snle
s.4500— J48 ACItlCH; well Improved: near elty:
an honest ranch for honast -value, WOOR-
TKn, WIIITTON A MONTaOMlSHY, I£I4
Market it. . . ¦ • ¦ . , •,
Banta cinnt Vdliny, Hmii Joaa and 1'anlnsular
nrnnfrtles, a«a WOOHTttll, WIIITTON *
MONTOOMnmT. n.14 Markat. B. P., h Han J.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A— <'ciTTA«li, fC r^mi^hii\\C^>^V^^*\<f\
orlalnal loan M300| |irlua IHooot easy imv»
menu nmt pint nt In- 1- prniiarly In sKphahaB,
Mlilinocif, M4 JHna pt.
fj^^^ . 1 n 1 1 : _iu^ .,j_^.4!Ljgga
AliAMnilA liOOMIs,
U I<AH(1M aunny ronnpotlnn rnoni«| •tonvunlent
(II Im Hi ll-HlllHI Htlllutllu ffir U HUltll'HIHHI
JiiPHUfHut |{ dealredi ikm 0T84, Cull effleo,
Hal(lnnd, • '
AiiAfliiaiJA nuiir^ulaTsiMfiitPiirooNNi
8 I.AIKIH diiiiny ennnapiFiiH lofiiitm noiivenTant
to loi'ttl tf«liipj millHliU far light limJsekeeiM
lug. Him II7W1, rail nfflea, riahland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
$flooo— HoiTbIU of 10 foottiHI lot 4B*i2O| ti^ar
plnllnn; fine vli'wn; Ntl, IM,
% Tiiiuii - 5 rnoiiiMi lot liiiiiJir.; Nn, ir.,'1.
sunn -4 rorimst lot 4<ixlhft| Nn, IMH.
a>.HHH» — fa rnomai lot ftOxUlili No. 104,
( - <IAlt kKg_ A ' HAlhMY, I12U MpntKompjriv^
' B15ND for "ilnmcs," eTe! WM. V, TODnt
1070 Ilroadway, Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
nt., Pan Francisco,
COTTAQH of 7 rooms ami hath! high bann-
I m»nt: «-a>y paympntn. MlIltnoCK. B14 l»ln«.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
F11U1TVAI<B KEAL W8TATB.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
; Wilson ave. and Hopkins at. ; 2 blocka from
; 2 atreet cara and publlo achool: furnlahed cot*
taa*a of 6 rooma; atabla, chlcken-houae, pin-
eon cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from 8. F. ; rent (35 a month; price $4000.
; Apply J. Tt. FREUD, Mills bulldlnr, or H.
A. PLKlTNrcn. Frullvale Station.
' OAKLAND .ADVERTISEMENTS.
. 0FF1C E—1H8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ItKAIi ISSTATIS.
• $cr.Of» — IN the heart of town, eaat of Broadway,
; 1 block from Fourteenth-st. depot; sunny cor*
1 ner, 00x110; house of 7 rooma; 2 bay win-
: dows; within '1 blocks of property selling; for
1 f.vio per front foot; model location for flats
1 or for a doctor's residence; see this at once;
1 a big; bargain.
$3200— Drand new home of 7 rooms; colon-
! lal atyle; complete In every detail; 40-foot
; lot; cloae to Telegraph ave.: one of the
I prettieat homea In Oakland; open plumbing,
electric lights and gas; curly redwood llnlsh.
QEO. W. AUSTIN,
; 400 Tenth >t., near Uroadway, Oakland.
i A COZY little homo sacrificed; R rooms; hot
; and cold water; high basement; all In fine
1 condition; sunny frontage; atreet work all
done; price only 91000; walking; dlatance of
downtown; mtiat ba aold. Addreas "Owner,"
1 box 2378, Call ofllce. Oakland.
! BEND for "Homes," etc. WM, P, TODD,
' 1070 Broadway, Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
at.. Ran Francisco.
I ¦ *
1 OAK jkA^^^fJUKKIT^mSir^^ .
• F^mN7Tini?5"goodrand i "chealpnniia^mc^hrTr
• BCHELLHAAB, 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOIl HOUSEKEEPING.
I A!rfETra7id~So1^7r7iatiir^
1 first class; new bldg.; bouaekeeplng auitea.
CLAY, 1523 — One or thri'o nnfurnlnhed rooms..
I FIFTH, OKI— Furnished housekeeping; 2, $12*]
"' * ' " lngla hal1 TOOmn > t* and * B -
1 OOLDEN OATH ave., 425-427— New house.
Juht Hnlshed lr.tli of this month; modern Im-
provements; electric light, hot and cold wa-
ter In every room; price reasonable.
OOLDI5N OATH ave.. 1200— Hunny unfurnished
apartments; uUo slnclft furnished room,
HAIQIIT, «W0— 2 or a sunny furntshM rooms
far light housekeeping; reasonable,
, IlOWAItU, 10H.1— Bunny Connftctlng Imy-wln-
duw rooma; range; 11 Ian HiriKle houaekpg nna,
HYD13, 40S— Hunny front baaament auUa;"yardi
! laundry; gas stove; 910; bMrment nultn, |H,
> hKA VKNWOIlTir, lesi-allrge rooms'furnis^.'
•d or unfurnitibed for tioua^heeplngi no
, other roomer*.
1 MINNA, 4S4=i.ers« wry sunny furnlehrd front
room for one or twa,_Jrj>.
. MINNA, 67.'l, n»sr M«vpnth=-=I<«r«« aunny
1 Kitchen and btd ro*?m ;_ yw r»1 ;_b 1 1 t'omp|at#,
1 MrAl7MHTi!lt. 1W.— I^rge siifiny front frtoini
kinhrii, liatn and enm for_JifiMa«ilta»Hing.
MINNA, f.i<'.--Kiiiiiipiir-ii rooms comelete for
• housek»<»flBaT.
OCTAV1A. 1403, cetnsr Gfary— Bunny front
parlor; kbi stove; with kitchen; lawn closet,
6'FArilU3f7L71iai6-"tJnfurnliih*(1 lowi-r floor, a
i rooms, yard, laundry, 116; tihona Kcott 8?i».
• lVAJlNAf<Bt?M ave., 217, ror. Ktnnynu *t,. over-
I looking 'JuMpm Onto 1'nrk— Knml and back
l-nrlcii-B furnished for housekeeping; take
; IlalKlit or Kills St. cam,
, BOUTH I'AHK, 150— II rurnlshed rooms, com-
I plete for houwkpeplnir.
TlilllTKKNTH,. 180— Fine suite of rooms;
¦ complfite for housnkppplng; no children.
TITIIK, 130. — 2 unfurnished rooms, connecting,
• for housekeeping; cheap. *
I TURK, B45— 2 front furnished rooms fofVhouse-
[ kepplng; gas, bath and phorw; $17. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and *ubftcrlptlons
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A HIIANOH office for Call advertlspmcnts and
i nubscrlptlona haa been eatabllahod at 1000
Valencia. «t.
I HOO.MS TO LET — rum. nml Unforn.
. AIiaYLB Hotel, 234^ McAlllHter— New, elegant^
' sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; ratea
' ' by week or month; McAllister cara to door.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Room*.
; 2Qc to (1 per night ; $1 20 to $0 per week, and
light housekeeping rooma; open all night.
BUnNKTT, 1420 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nlshed rma., suites, single; also unfurnished.
'• CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — EleKantly
'furnished sunny rooma; prices reasonable
• EIvI^IS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
[ 85cj $1 r>0 night; *1 GO, $(! wk. ; open all night.
1 FELL, 4CS — Furnished room In private family;
' terms reasonable.
! (1 PER we<»k — Furnlfhed rooms. 820 Folsom
Bt. t near Fourth.
; FULTON. 4U0B — Two nicely furnished sunny
[ rooms, suitable for gentleman.
< GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlah-
\ cd suites and single; travelers accommodated.
• GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges ;sult,slngle;elevat.
GRANT, 243 — New bachelor apartments; fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
GEARY, 483 — First floor, several rooms suit-
able for. medical man-; also single rooms and
aulte for housekeeping; further, basement
floor with kitchen; all well furnished; gas,
bath, phone. ,-'.'
; MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome euUrs;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 007, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON,~~10i5 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; %'i a week up; S5c a day up.- '
: O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
• of flees; elevator, elec lights; day, 1 week, mo.
POST, &V}ri— Large sunny room; bath, gas,
cloeet; gents only. \
POWELL. 2116, near Francisco— One furnished
single room; <4 a month. Apply second floor,
ROYAL House, 12H Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, amoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35o to $1 fid; week, *2
to ffl; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooma with hot and riold water; baths.
(SEVENTH, 171 — Corner house; tunny fur-
iii,"h<-.i rooma to let by week or month, ,
HH1SHMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt,".
near Markets-Furnished or unfurnlnhad,
bIFotwIJICl, 121, n*nr HI»teenth^Hunny fur".
niKliPil front room, %'.\ Ctpur month, •
HTUAM HEAT snd all modern funvnilKncasiat
iUTTBn, »0f»— Nlca front room for iv/olgenW-
nun; low rnii-n; xlnb'la rooms alto,
CLAHH1F1KD »1v»rtli»pni«nta and *ub*rr\Ytikiut!
rccplvpd at (,'all t>ran«'h offlee, a200 Flllmorti. '
A HHAN<"II office for Call odvertl*r>/nr?nlN nnd
¦ MiiiH.-i'iiiiiotm has been tietalillsh(?d at 10UU Va.
KAILWAY YBAVEL.
\Chicago\
'» L'Ez£5&» THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at IO a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Drawlnp-Room Sleeping
Cars, BufTet, Smoking and L4-
z brary Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars--rneals a la carte. Dally Tourist
Car Service at G p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions every Wednes-
day and Friday at 8 a. m. from San
Francisco. Tho best of everything.
R. P.. RITCHIE .
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Az»nt Pacific 'Coa»t
Palace Hctel San Francisco
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausailto Ferry
Commencing September 20, 1301.
FROM SAN FHAls'ClSCO TO. MILL. VALLEX
AND fcAN ItAFAEL.
WEEK DA Y8— 0:03, 8:.5O, it:,to, 11:00 a. m..
?1:«, 3:15. 4:15, ft:15. 'OilS, U:K p. m.
EXTRA Tltll'S— Fpr Mill Valley and Ben
Itcfael on Mondays, U'edn-?sJayo and aatur-
iluya nt 0:.'l0 and 11:10 p. ,m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00, '10:00, «ll:30 a. m., »J:t5.
3:15, »4:»5; c-.r.o, t»::io p. m.
Trains msrlcod <•) run to tfan Quentin.
F»0M BAN ilAFAEI.. TO HAN FUANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— # 5:2.\ 0:27, 7:45, S:,13, 1O;13
a. in., •12:2ft, 2:13, »3:a5, 4:40, B;30 p. m,
EXTRA TU1P8 on Mondays, Wedntadaya
and Hat 11 r. lay a at U:45 and U:.".r> p. rn.
BUNDAY8— «:J3, »H:00, «10:C0. U1U3 «. m..
•1:40 »3:1B, 4:45, '0:30 p. m.
Trainu innrWed (,•) »'art from Son Quanttn,
FROM MILL VAiXey TO HAN VHANCIlIU).
WKKK RATIMJ^ -O:4IJ. Tiflfl; H;0fl. 10;au
a ir.; 1U:W. 2MS. 8:M, ftilO p. m.
'EXTHA 'rnil'H on Mundaya. Wednesdays
ami Hi.tiir.iMyo nt 7:10 and tO:.':3 p.' m.
BUNlUYH-mos. 10:06 r. m,. 12. U3. 2:18,
8:a<> n-,do, OHO p. m,
' <l:.">n 11, in, Wtftk (tay»~CaMdtfro and wsy
1:1,1 p. rn, laturdayp— Duncan Mills an4 w.iv
* 8:(Mi n. m. Sundnys— Duncan Mill* nml vny
l,.'/il' '.'¦ lli 1 n>' t,"»U* nn I trains will run on
Rumlfly time.
• HOOMH AMI IIOAIII).
MRRF5DITH, 218 Turk— Bunny' front rooms;
•laetrlo UuM»; hot and cold water: modern:
ftril'QlRM ttoftrdj raHSoiwhlej 'nhnna South KP.
CnOQKRU, Tha, 01B Lcavenworth — Hunny
rms.i 1 ¦In. nnrt tultPij eround and tennlw crt,
LAmI^mThNH. 4'io Kddy— HlRh'OlHSS hotal! fur.
aultes or alngl*! hon>d oiitlonali steam limit,
OAiriFiJltNIA, f«t)T (Mtevninoii Mnni*lon')-*H«laot
family hntull nupnMlnnnl i.ililnj popular ratoa,
NIArtA, <llfi Tnylor— Hunny front mid buck
Miiiim; p>pbI|«ih hfiHrrt|t«rnm reaionahla,
OnTAVlX, Wfc'O, nr, I<fimdwny4 Hunny rooms!
tri-i'lim* |irlv. family I hnnrrtj nirnl, Hpii'tm'ta,
hFnn^* rnniVm, 1 iinnTnij "w«urT"«PMi«r| ncuiiia
Mft, Hiitfif if8o._ "JJ'_yj;» _w»ggi ¦_ _
VAW" MI5PM, ¦ Blll»fl»Ad«nma furnlpha^aunnv
iiiiHph, »ln£l» iwmi^i Hi«t"'|H«ji | S hln hnnrii.
j O'HNBOnI Tha, ' Wf» n'^NrFBll^NlPH hiiin«|
Biinri IbIiI»i epxpIoup Brmimlai fBt«n niortarata,
B?UCIAIi j NOT101!1I)."*' <
MAirteiittnirVjei'teii for Mi Pti[|epJl^iiTwHTis1
pity or enuntry. I'AeiFK? GOhtiMfjTtON
I'D,, 4ln MfiiitanmPty. iHfunw ll»loi tel, ftM<n,
819WliV(* JIAOIMNnW ANIIJU1»1«L119II,
AIi"Tr"kTHrir*hoimiii, aoiii, r^ntPti. m,, fmiiilrln*|
lnwpfit iflt rg I I'ltjm j JHJLqL^L-- 1 4 " H ljtt ";
Alili klMild tioUSlil. «n1i1i l^HtPd, PJtPllHtitfoill rP>
ImlllHKi iQWPUl t'HtPW. TPl. fifPPH HI, Sill Itlt,
iTOUAUId ANM^WAMMllODSMg, '
l'lMIUJrMtODOLt'H HlornBrt hnii Mnvlrtaf C*o.(
nfflcH-l'imt nml 1'owell PtH. | ipj. Mnln Mill.
OOliDIIN WIIPT PtninRrt Warehouse., H40 Ml«'
Bloti at.) tPl. Howard IM1. F. W. ZiailFtfHfl.
Ml'.KINB Vnn mill FUnrnffe Co., 0.10 Market Ft.";
tnl. Main 1HI0I shlpplna; nt cut ra.teti.
PACIFIC HtorHRn and Furniture Moving Com*
Pftny. 2X'ii Flllnuiro wt.; plinnn Jncksim 2H1.
TYriswniTicns and supFliiss.
GRKATmVaROAINH IN TYPKWmTEmT— We
sell better machlnpa for lcsa money than any
hounn In tho city: rentals *3. The Typewriter
lSxchanKe, B3H California; telephone Main 200.
WKliHTBR Typewriter Innpectlon Co.— Expert,
typewriter dootora; cutlmntn free. 2no@aniinme.
MAR^ICAGE LIC^ENSEST
The following marriage llcensca w.'rn Issued
yesterday:
John l '. Williams, 30, city, and Ora , B.
Howell, 22, city.
John W. Mun-lw*. 20,. Isleton, and Anna
Smith, 21, Islcton.
Henry Lund- Jr., .12. 1S2.'I Jarkaon atreet, and
Elmlra E. I^ally. 22. ,18111 Pacific avenue.
John Leonard, CO, Stockton, and Mary Nye,
88. East Oakland,
Frantz P. Hennlnrscn, .'1.1, 0 ciiiv streot, nnd
Katarlna L. Wecklund, 28, n Howard court.
"Births— marriages— deaths,
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mall v. Ill not bo Inserted. They must be handed
In at- either uf the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and. residence of per*
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DEL CARLO— In this city, to the wife of D.
Del Carlo, a aon. •
JOCKKRB— In this city, February 10, 1002, to
tlif wife of L. Jockera, a, son.
PHILLIPS— In this city, March 4, 1002, to the
wife of T. C. 'Phillips, a daughter.
HALEY— In this city, February 2, 1002, to the
wife of F. tt. Hiilcy, a son. .
MARRIED.
nODINSON— EDKN— In Mount Eden, Febru-
ary 2(1, .1002, by the Rev. Paul Ilranke of
San Francisco, Robert Robinson of Alvarado
nnd Kmma J. Kden of Mount Hden.
DIED.
Bannister, Arthur Hollnnd, John M.
Dates, William Hutton, John
Beach, Hannah M. McKernan, James
Clark, Charles Merrill, Jennie M.
Conway, Uernard Miller. Peter
Cotton, Edna W. Nielsen, Rasmus D.
Cunningham, R. J. Oneto,- Myrtle
Edwards. Nellie W. ¦ l'aaallmune&tls, D. J.
Farrell, Thomas Phelin, l'eter '
Ferguson, Daniel M. I'owers, Helen
Fitch, Thaddeus 8. Reese, Mrs. Mary
Flelssner, Adelheld fiheehan, John
Hansen, Mary VI, Van Heerln, Albert
Hardy, Oracs A. Welch, Charles D.
llolgersen, Hans Welby, l'utrlck
BANNISTER— In Oklahoma Ty., Arthur, be-
loved huh ut John and tha late Llllla U1111-
nlster, and brother of Fleming and Leo H.m-
nlster and Mrs. l». J. Harr, a. native of rl»n
FrancUco, aired lit years and 7 months,
UA'iV.H— in tha City und County Hospital,
March .1, line, Wllllnm llai.H, 11 native uf
Kiu land, aged SI ycitro, . ,'.
HKAi.'li — in tliiw city, March 4, 4002, Han>
imli M. Hmii'ii, dearly beloved mother of H,
O, u.m.Ii of i'liu .rvlllf nn, I !¦', L., J. C, II.
Ward and it. u,Ueu,ct\ at Hun Fmnclncu and
Mra, M. KmoBPiip Carter of Woodland, a ntt-
tlva nf N«w ifork, «ged 70 years 7 mgnlhi
ttnd I day. • , w
GI#AltlC~In thla elty, March ' S,%)03, Charles
i'ImiU, iii-invpil fiiii.xr nf I'IiIIhii.Ut Clttrk,
Mm, lMpy i'i.ii.-ii mid Vhoelm Umnoa, a na-
• iv» uf uhlo, m««"I M >¦••>! 1 m lo mouths 0ml 4
days,
& /"l'li« fun^rnl will Ink* place In Han Job?
tQ'day iWi-i)iiipi|n);, liii-'iiiKiit Hitntit nnni
Ceintlpry,
CONWAY—ln Ihln elty, : Mureli 4, UlOa, li«*r-
nnni I'uiiw.iv, beloved fnthor or Mrx. Milllp
II. Lin V, H llUtlve of lirliiml, mk.iI 7f. yi'iiip,
C y !• 1 Ihii.Ib mu,| In iMl.tlliliili. 'I'll me u'K|wi'|.'
fully Invited to i.u.'ii.l th«« fuft«r«l to-morrow
('iliinpiiiiy), itt N silo o'clock, from th* tmrlom
nf MeAvov A Coi, \*m Market street, lit<<
iwi'i-ii Klttllth mid Ninth, thenec) to Hm r».1
llnnii Chuicli, where n aolcinn rerjulpm intiM
will be celehrntPd for Hm retinue of hU noul,
'¦inniiriiiliiK nt 0 o'clock, lntertneiit private,
I'Ii'iikm omit howera.
CCITTON— 'in Oakland, March 2, lOfC, Kdnn.
Warren, wife of W. .». t'otton, 11 native of
llrooklyn, N. Y., ngrd .'IN yearn 10 months
and 12 ilny*. (Uoston, Mass., putieiB pleano
copy.)
B3rflcrvlcp« nnd IntPrmpnt mlvate,
CUNNINGHAM— In thla city, March 4, 100-2.
Jinytnond J.i beloved a?n of .liunm nml Min-
nie Cunningham, a nntive of Han Vranclsco,
aged '.'. years .'I month* and 12 davH.
(tT'l'li" funeral will tnke place to-day
(Wednesday), 'ut 12 o'clock, from tho renl-
denco of tut! parents, l.'l I Ash avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDWARDH— In thla city, Mnrch 4, 1002, Nel-
lie W. KdwardH, beloved mother of Kugrne
II., M. Cth.'I and Adel Kdwards, and Hlstpr
of Samuel C. Hammond nnd Mm, W. R.
Hummerhayen, a native of Providence, II. I.,
aged 4Ti >••••¦ th >'( months and 111 days. •
ryVvk-ndn i»nd ncqu;ilntanoi»« nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servi&s
Thursdny, March 0, 1002, at 1:30 o'clock, at
the Trinity M. K. Church, Sixteenth and
Market streets. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by carriages.
FARRKLL— In this city, March 2. 1002,
Thomas Farrell, beloved husband of Mary
Furrcll, a native of County Louth, Ireland.
ILTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend tho funeral to-day (Wednesday), nt I)
o'clock, from 8t. Francis Church, Vallejo
ntrect, where a reaulem mass will be cele-
brated for tlie repoee of his soul. Ijrterment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERGUSON — In this city. : Mnrch 2; 1002 Dart--
le> M.. FerKUSon, brother of Ernest. Frank
and, Sarah ¦ Fercufion, Mrs. ' C. J. Boyman,
Mrs. H. Foster, .Mrs. J. McLoud, Mra. G.
Robertson and the late Kepnet Ferguson, a
native of l'rlnee • Edwards' Island, nged 32
yenrg. s
HU.NRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Bucceasor to Flannasan & Gallagher.)
•- DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln ¦ School.
Telephone : South i£0. >ij *'•*'.¦ V'
Mt. Olivet Gemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
OFFICE UUKM ' I'Ki-TT NTrtr.ET.
Telephone Bush 367.
NEW F5RK1 OF" UNDERTAkERsT*
Samuel McFaddcn,' IS years manager for
tho United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
yearn: P. F. Green. late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new- Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Klpthth. Telephone South 44.
RwitediwSertSkeSsI
I Z7 un* 20 Fifth St. Tol. South IB 1
D rUNEHAL DinECTOKS AND RMDAI.MCHn.Jf
f ""««». Equipment Bt rf *f»>tr*UBvtrari8
' . • ' * "*U»
JAM^S /VlcGINN, 1
Formerly with McGinn Hum,, has opened
n«w Funeral 1'srlora nt 214 Eddy st,, bet
Taylor and Jones, Telephone. Houth 57a,
CHAS. H. J. TRUSVJAN & CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmera,
Now Occupy Their Own tfui'ding,,
lOOO Mission atreet, between ISth and Hit li. '
.Telpphonn Mlaalon 100.
REIVJOVbDI
AtoOlNN DROS..
FUNnilAL ¦ UIHUGTOHH mid tfMHALM'
j;>!f, Hi TU and Si'iJ McAllister »t. (Fur-
(tiPlly of KI'IMdv Nf, 'JVI. HmiHi _8f.a.)_'_'__
FITCH— In Alameda, March fl.. 1003, Thad.
.deus 8. Fitch, a native of Illinois, ased ,-,5
y^ara 0 mantha. and 5 days. ,
PM91SHNWR— In Munehberg, Bavaria. 1 Y»hr\i-
«ry 11, 1002, Ailelhalrt KlaUsner, beloved wlfa
,of Theodore flelajner,' belovetl mother of
Willy nnd otto Flelwner, nml belov«d pl»tor-
lii-luw of Anna nnd the int.* Julius I'M**-
ner,
HA HI IV— In this Pity, Mnroh 8, 1003, Ornea
Aniui, denrly holoved iiiumliinr of T. Frnnk
mm Anna Joi«tihlna llttrdy. a imt Ivo of Him
i-'iaiii'lmMi, H|f«i1 a yeitra 7 moiUhs mul SH
tiny*. •
By Primula «nd nPiniHlnliineea nrn re«p«Pti
fully liivltnii in iiu.-iiii 1 im fintniiil !•• tiny
(Wriiineailuy), nt 'J u'oloek. from Ihe r«l«
ili'll.'ii Of Mr, .1, MImkImm, 116 I'SiciIii all nut, In
larrnmu )<Hur«l inn •vniniiny,
UANMHN—lii Ihli I'lty, Mureh 4, 1003, Mary
It, Mir* Of .IhIiii ll.iimi'11, iimlliKi- Itf .IiiIim
'I'liHinliirii llntiMlii hIhIhi- nf Mih. I'linHi'M
Mall nnd 'I'hMMiim nml Vrnnk Mt'l^imhlln,
unit Kii'iiRiviHi' of HdWHiti liraiinnii, » »»•
llvu of Wan I?rnfiPliK<o, ngeil IM yewrs T
niiintiiH nml in .Li vm
s B^The futiPFHl will t«ke jilsfa ln»mpri'ow
fTTiui'ajii«y>, at I e'elaek, from i ha na flora ef.
Ji (i. U'Uimner ft Co,. TUT Mlsiltm Plreel,
iliaiiee ta Kt. Hooe'* UliurPlt for lifvlyw nl
, i i(io e'eloelt. Int^rmpin Hely Oro«s t'eme«
tprv. -
lIDbHnMHI3N=ln Wp«t fterkeleyi Mareh *ll,
1ltna, llHHw, lipitivptl hUHlmnil nf Ann HoIupm
hpii. and fttthap of Wllllflm J. »iirt Thonwn \\
Itrtlgersen, it native ef Denmttrb, s«eil T7
Vf.llq II l,|M|ltll« Mllll 4 llflVS,
\ K? li'rlPmiM «nd ftt'Miiaintanerts ttff Nswet*
fully Invite to Htteinl the furtPfrtl MrvleM
Ifl'thty (VVeilHPBilay), Ht !i o'btoi'k, ftt W«at»
inliistPi 1 fredtiytet-lati Cliuftlt, fortiar Klnhth
nml llrlBhil Birpptu, Went liPrkelpyi Intfr*
lilflit MnimliilM VIpW l.VniPlPi-y.
iit)tiliANI>—ltt this elly, M«reh 4, low, John
Mm IipIiiVpiI IiupIiiiiiiI nf V.Wtn li. llnllnnil,
' nml fflther tif Caroline tltid I'lmrlra llnllnii'l
nml Mrs, \v. 11. tiny, n imiiw of Ireland)
hkimI (14 yenrs 10 inouthn and im dnyit,
HUTTON-^In Alnrripiln, March 4, Iiwi3, at his
roaldence, liaa Union street. .John Mutton,
a native of Bt, Btpphons, N. II., aged 70
yenrs II montha nml 0 days,
¦ O^Notlco of funeral hereafter.
McKlSltNAN— In this city, March 0, 1009.
James McKernan, it native of County Run-
common, .Ireland, aged 00 years..
|f.T'ii,,. funeral will Uku tilAce to-rlity
5 (Wednesday), nt 8:110 o'clock, from the pnv-
•lore of McKaddon, McllreHrty * Oreen, 1171
Mission direct, thenco to Bt. Hose's Church,
win rn a rnqulenv high maBB will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
MKKUIM. — In thin city, March 2, 1002. Jen-
nie M., beloved wile of C. P. Merrill, ami
daughter of Mrs. Jennie M. Rogers, nml
sister of Mrs. W. O. Bchombors and C. H.
and R. W. Rogers, a native o( New York,
liK.-'l 42 years U months and 20 days.
C*rj"rliMi.u 1111J ncqunlntances ure respect-
' fully lnvitod to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at the chanel In Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, on the arrival of the .'l:;io o'clock
train frorn Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
MIl.l.KH — In this city, March 4. 1IK12, Peter,
beloved husband of Kllzabeth t. Ill If Mlllrr,
and steiifatlier of Mrs, J. Alfred dray and
. O, hocklmri Olbv n, a native of Alexandria,
Hcotlniiil, aged UT years 2 months and l>'i
days.
lO'KrlendH and acquaintances' are respect-
° fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker A I. imt, 2G0U MIsbIoii
atreet; between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonlo Temple. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Twenty-third and Oucrrero streets.
NIBLBEN— In Lorln. Herkelcy, March 3, 11)02,
Rasmus II., beloved husband of Krtnnle M.
Nielsen, and father of' Harold, KuiL-nml
Alice .Nielsen, a nntivn of IJcrgcn, Norway,
aged HI yearn 1 month' and l.'l days. A
> member of Oakland Camp No. 04, Woodmen
of tho World, and Scandinavian Society 0:'
Ban Franclfco.
(tTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parloia
of thrt California Undertaking Company, 40,1
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ON13TO-- In this city, Mnrch 4, 1002, Myrtle
Oneto, dearly beloved daughter of Jonetih anil
Victoria Oneto, and grandchild of Mr. and
Mrs. S, Oneto. and niece of. Frank, Albert
and Elsie Oneto, a native of Bun Francisco,
aged 1 year and 2 months.
PA8AL1MANEATI8— In this city. March I.
1002, Dennis John I'asallmaneatls, a native
of Kirfalonla, Ionian Inlands, Orcece, age.1
45 years.
ULTFrleniln and aeriunintnnren nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerk*, undertaker, OSf
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
thenco to the areek-Uusslun church on Pow-
ell «tre«t, near Filbert, where aervlcea will
be held, commencing at '£ o'clock. Inter-
ment Laurel Hilt Cemetery,
PHELIN— In the City nnd County Hospital.
March 3, 1002, l'etor I'liftlln. a native of
Ireland, ac*d 33 years.
l'OWKHS— in this city, March 4; 1002, Helen,
beloved wife of John I'owere, and slxter of
the late Margaret Hparrow, a native of New-
town Harry, County Wexford, lreluml, used
H3 yenrs,
(E^Frlemla and acquaintances or* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
nt Ui.'iu o'clock, from her late residence, 111
Clementina street, . thenca to fit, llrenilan's
I'hurdi, where a ti.l.-nin requiem high Piuhm
. will ba celebrated for the repona of her aoul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
¦ .'runs Cemetery,- . -
IlPiKBW— In thla city. March .1, looa, Mr»,
Marjr Iteew, , heluvnd mother of Mr», K
Uook, «nd Moved BrandinQlher of Mm.
.limili H M">t, n iihiUk 0t t'wntmny, ngeii
70 ypsra,
K^l*rl«*n<1* RPd flctiimlnNnk'ea arr> ru^pett'
fully Invite! to i.iifii.1 tha fuimrul i..-.1hv
(Wpi1np»i<1»v), at '10 o'clock, from the re*i»
ilm.'n nf liar eon-ln-law, Mr. ii, <;onk, im.ia
,ift.l^"ii atre«t, n#m- Mhp.hi, uini thxnca \>/
ll;:yi ii'i'lni'li ¦ ir.thi lo Illlln nf Ki«niliy
UcnVtery for lnt#rmpnt.
HI 1 13 Ml IAN In I his ••II V. Mm/ !• ». H»"'.J. John
Mlipphan, IipIov<m1 hiiMlmml of LIkkIp Nhephnn,
futhpr of Mm, Kittle l<*. Nulllvnn, Mra, l,u =
nl" i'i iily mid .lnlni mill Willie Mh«phmi, mi,]
hruiin'i' of Maurice, Frank, .luni"-, Aii-p,
• l.iiiilnri and the late tilleri I'mi "II. n^.i
00 yr-nrp,
tTl'Vlafltlit HnJ MrriUiiltitfllireH Hfn r^poc'i-
fully Invltni to iittrmi the funernl Timroiiur.
March <l, \w.. at lii.'IO u'tfock, from hu« litta
fe^lilenrp, 42N Enst Fourteenth strept, oak^
In ml, thpnen to Hi. Aniliuii.v'n Church, wheru
11 aolrmn rp(tul»m high rrin*N will i.m cfle*
l.rnt.'.l for 3 thp rer>one of his noul, (¦•hiimi<,ii<--
Intt nt 10 o'clock. Interment Bt. Mury'a
Cemetery.
VAN IIBKHIN— In this elty, March 3, 1!i0t
Albert Van Heerln, a nntlvo of Holland,
aged 78 years,
WKIjCH— In this city. March 8, li«e, Charl<-n
D., beloved hUBband of Nelllp Welch, and
fnthrr of Theresa K., 1 Charles D. nnd UeorRe
jj Welch, and son of Blnry Druwn antl the
lute Lawrence J. WoUh, and brother of
Richard 3., Lawrence, Albert nnd May
Welch, Mrs. H. K. Adams. »Mrs. H. K.
Franklin and Mrs. Lottie Mlckley. and
lirother-ln-law of John nnd Dnnlel Harry.
Mni , W. H. JonfS nnd Mrs. C. Hchneider. a
nntlvo of San Francisco, ogred ;{!) yearn 4
months nnd 17 days. A member of the San
Krancrseo Ship Calkors Ai«?nclation.
rp" Friends and acquaintances arp revpoct-
fully 4nvlt«d to, attend thp funeral to-day
(Wednmlay). at 8:.'lO o'clock, from his lato
residence, 2nS% Third atreet, thence to Bt.
Patrick's Church, where n . requiem hl^h
rnaos will be celebrated for tho repose of
his aoul at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . -
WKLBY-rln the City and County Hospital.
•Match 3, 1W<2. Patrick Welby, a native of
Ireland, aged GS years.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH ntJILDING ASSO-
clatlon — The monthly requiem high mass for
tho deceased members of St. Dominic's
„ Church Building Association, nnd for parent*
nnd relatives of living members, will be «nm;
In Ft. Dominic's Church Thursday, March 'I,
at 0 o'clock. .
ST. JOSEPH'S UNION— The* semi-annual
requiem mass for the deceased members of
St. Joseph's Union, and for the deceased
friends of the living; mexnheru. will b« cele-
brated' in St. Mary's Cathedral, at 10
o'clock, Wednesday next, the Bth lnst. A
sermon appropriate to the occasion will be
preached by a distinguished mli«?lonary.
BAIL WAT THAVIX. 3y ,, ;
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l»i»f «• ••••<• <••'»• '*"" •'• Mrrlf • •«•
NAN rilANCIMiO.
(Main Line, Toot e< Mirltat »twdt.>
»4Ti — From ruBinnnv B. loot — AaaiM
1i«u* HbiiIoU, Miilsun, Elmlra aad B««r».
iniiiiit,, ....... MMMiiiiHiiM liflfte
7io«» V*e«tlll«, Wliitru, Runiiny.,, ...... liOW
• i:m» M»iiiM«,,hii, li .,.111.11, VhIImik, Kapa,
l'«IIHt.i»,»«llll»«»lll* Ill.M.. ....... tltSf
¦|*<U lUtU, WtKiilUllil, hliUhl* l.mi.lliu,
Mtmtllla, uimllU ,, u ,,i tiflil
HiMM* AiUuMn Minrata-<i||ilaii »ml I «•« •ii(l» .
HlMU* Mini. l,«lhf.,|., M." »l.m. ,... ilK'ir
•(••Hit Nun. M«i,,tnt«, lUnliifil, VlMlln,
r.imulii*,,,,., u,.,,,,,).,, adlAi
aiillH Hh«l(« I'Mi.tM - limla WillUiin f)n»
llniMtU Mi.iIum', WlllHWt, l\«i|
llli.lf, I'mil.ii.l.. ,,„,,,„,,,,,, ilSIl
• •'»«•» Miu .Ii.i.i, I.U.ihi.ii«, nii.iiltt.iii,
1,1,,*, rl*ir»,iiiiiil,i. I'UiK'itllU,
UimiIIIh, t)|,|*», U*.\ lil.uf . ,,, «.«»#
"mo* ii4k,ui» l iii,iiiM«,«..n..i«, fiinlumn* 4t«nt
tl|«H» |U*«»I.I, ftl|:..M.| W ( f (11.11,1,,,,, « •.!».«?
¦l«»4 V«U»|.i ,,,, ..,,,,,,., IWlldf
uimu IM Aniltl*! nii'f*** — M«nli.«»,
••'•••if. l'*Mirnp, Mi.wiii.tM, M«m..l
|r,«4M,, •ii.l I, • AhauU* ,.. ,, TlHn*j
(itiHM Vulinlii, «MHiiM •ikI W*f rti«kt>ni« t.i> >»
Ilium* Tl,« O.b»|«i,,| |.|,ii|i«,\-O«<ta.i, I'. .,.
• «»f, lintuli* «'I,Ip««'|., ., .,,..,,,,. Aita*
|l|KH|i N.Pt«IIIMI|lM |i|. «.(!,«, „..»,,,. |l I.U.I*
¦ tiMIr |I,ii,|,.|n, Willing N,nf»,,,..n n ,
Uh.mIU.iiI, Klitlllll* LatldlUK,
M.rM»lll*,«»"»»HI- mi.1t,
iiNA* li. r •«!••. tniM tn't Way Htttlont,. 7ni »t
iitiiip Maitliio*. HAH Itamnii, »«IU|n,
N«i»». t',«iM'i««. MmmUIUm.,,.,. »!»!»»
• •our Mid*, tlfrrttior*. Hlnoktoa, loll... IViVlts
I ,lli>r Iliywant, Njl«, Haik.lnae. l.l»»rnmr« |>lltS«
«ianr 'llit (iw I Minllod *- r*i«inn, Tulnrai
)Uk»rnd»lil, NatifllS for Mauls H»r-
ri»ra, l,«a Aninl<>4... .............. ajit.1*
nmor port Uuita, Traey, Lalhrnn, Mtacktott l«l*9*
Oi«»r MirUiion, Antluch, Htacliton, Her*
eml. rriwnn... l*i*ft*
«i«"f IU;»»nl, NUm and Han J«f. ...... Tifl.1 »
|*ioni, v»lt,.|.i... lliV3«
« rorii.nul U«n-(>r!f>n, Oenrer,
Otiiaba. Ht Loult, Cblntfo 4H3*
liOiir OrK«iiii mill Oalir,irnU Kl|>rru,Na«.
ritmnnkii, Martaillle, lU.Mtni,
I'MrlUml, l'ii|*( fliiimd and Eatt IiM»
¦•allr San Fablo. l'nrt Coita, JUrtln.i
and War HUtloii MiM*
iwiwwp v>n.}., tiai;
COAST IjINK (Marrat? (iaage).
(roulotMHrkiitBtrMi.)
" Kiln* N«w«rk.O«iil»Mlllt,8»uJoi».r»l»on,
IloiiliUrCrreli.MaiiUCiiuaiidWay
HUtlims Si8*)»
|SJil5r Nawkrk. CantartllU. Ban Jnie. Naw
AliimiUii. r el tun. lloilldar i!t—k,
flanta V«u> aud 1 rluoly»l Way -
- SteUons l«tn««
«iHlr Newark, H»u Jom, I.o«n»toa ffliAU*
••.Sup Huntrr*' Train -Han Joie aad Wiy
BUtloni 17.«*»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Froa 111 rillCtSCO-rut ol MukH Strut (Slit IV-
1'I:1S 0 00 11:00A.M. 1:C9 1:00 B.lSr.M.
fitrBUtlUM — rMl ,1 Iti.l....- fH;liq J8.00 t8:0*
10.00«.M. 13:38 8.08 t;OJr.M.
CO AST LIN 12 (Itroail <langs).
. '¦ (Third and TownwidBU.)
' ttilo* 8an JoMtnd Way Htatlona. Ui4<U
7iOO\ M»,i Juavaixl W.fMUUima tAinO*
/7i««* N.it AlmaiUn. ,. / *ilo»
aioo*c'o««t Mno Limited — 0aa Joaa. •„- ¦
CIllri'T. H.Uiim. Ban Lula ObUpow
Hanta Barbara, I.oi Angcte* and
principal Intermediate lUUois..,. IOt49y
•iOOa M«ii Jute. T»o» t'ltios. HauU t.'rn*,
Pnitlila Urn**. balln«s. dan Lois
Oblipo and Principal IntenaedUte
MUkluliS «i«Of
loiiio* Ban Joie and War Stations. a,;ifl»
I ll!l«* M«,i J.m> »„.! \V»y HUtloil* O:IO»
(Sil»» Han M«teo. lttdwoo'1, Jlcnln Park.
. I'alo Alto. h»nU UUra. Man Jut*.
Trei rinoi. Hanta Vtn*, Halluaa.
Moniarayaml 1'nolHo (iriif* |IOil»4
•iMUr Man .loan and Way HuUons. liUws-
UlISp San Jnneanit I'rii.mpal Way KUtlmtt Siattr
4ii0r Banaet Limited— Mondays, WVInrv
daya, Kridmyj. for Lo* Angala*. tU
I'm. New Orl.ni.a and Now York.
Arrive* Buodajri. Tuesdaja and .
TbundaTa , I<».13»
tSiOOr 3»n Jo«t>, Ix* Qatos %u4 Prludpml
WayHUilons t'»'««»
Iliaor San Jnis mnl Principal Way Stations CiSOr
• ia»f San Joa. and W»» Mtallona 7>.10v
7iOOr New Orlniaa Eiprmii — Fan Lola
ObUpo, Santa Harban, Lo« An-
10I011. Dtmlns, l£l l'aao. New Of
raanaandBsal lliS«4
1li4ilpaan Jn«»»tf,l Way Wtatloaa 7ia»f
? for Mornliif. P f»r AfUruooa.
t Bandar exe«ute& t hnndar only.
a«at<tr4»y otO/._ / Tttssdsjf aud lfU»th.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local I.im'd Ovrl'd Local
. • DaUy Pally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar, Rtockton. 1O:1H a 11 ;4S a 11:10 p 7;lSp
•• Merced... 13:23p 1:17 p l;30a 0:11 p
".Vreano... 'J-.uftp 8:33 p 3;t3al0;S0p
" Hanford.. H;Up S:27p H:0fta
••Vlaalla... 3:SUp| 6:OOa ......
" Bakeraftd 6;lfl » A:2O p 7:45 a
•• Kan. City 2:40a 7;30»
_** cnii'Huo. , ...... aua p u;oo p ,_¦¦,.,
a for mm nuijj. p tur afternoon,
0:00 a, m, tmln Ii tha California Lim-
it*.!, carrying I'nUm 04m an4
UtnintT Car* through to Chle«co, t'hulr Car
runs ta jinkmaiWij far aeeommad4tlon at
I'-.'ul flrat^claaa passena:arM. No aaeond*
,'!<«• tit'tot* «ra henorvd on tht* train. Car-
ter(Mif»liitg train Mrrlva* lit T:oA *. m. •tail*-.
4:80 f in, I* Hi". Mmi. Merced And PfMtm
Ideal. CerrMpondlna; train arrlvM at ia:39
!¦, in. dally,
8 p, m U th# Ov«rl<tn<1 Eiprt**, with
through I'oUio And TourUt Hlanpera on.|
rr#<i !t"'Unin« Chair Cara to ••hif»«'i; alad
Vnlzm wipr|mr, which ¦ nt« nut al Vrflano.
Cofrvapondlog train arrive* at 0:00 p. m.
7: so a, m. I* Haktradelii Lo«at. stopr>ln«
•t all pointa in Han-Joaiuln Vallty. Cor'
rrptiondlng train arrive* nt M: Hi a, m, rtally,
Offlce»— 041 Mitrk"f. »tre»t and In firry
Dfr'it. £an Kram-isco; 1113 Broadway,
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
•IjESSEJEIQ '
SAN FRANCISCO AHJ NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
6an Frnncteco to Snn Rnfaei.
WEKK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00, 11:00 a. rn.; 12:Sr».
3:50, 5:10, O:.".O p. m.. Thursdays — Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Baturdays— JCstra trlpj
at 1:W> and 11:30 p. m.
StTNDATS — J»:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. (1:20 p. m. .
£nn Uafacl t-> Pttn FrnncUco.
WKEK PATS — «:10. 7:50. 0:20, 11:10 a. m. :
12:45, 3:4<>. '.:!.'• p. m. Baturday*— Kxtra
trips at 1 :•"¦¦"• and 6:33 p. rn.
EUN'DAYS— S:10. 0:10, 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40.
5: on, C:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Franci»co. |Apr. ZS. 10011 Ban Frandirco.
Week I Bun- 1 I Bun- I WeeH
Days. I days. | Destination | daya. | Days.
'7 :30a ml 8:00am Novato, |10:40ara 8:*0am
3:30pm 0::J0am PeUluma. j 8:00pm 10:23am
5 :10pm I a:(H)pm Santa Kosa-I 7:33pm O:aopm
Fulton. I
7:30am Windsor. 10:22am
0:00pm Healdsburgr. 10:40am
. . . Lytton.
Geyservtlie,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pirr| 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10 :40am 10:25am
R :00am Guernevllle. 7:33pm
3:30pm 6:00pm " 6:20pm
7:30am 8:C0am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Olen Ellen. «:05pm 6:20pra
7:30am| 8:C0am| |10:40aml lO:2.*>am
3:30pm! B:00pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35por{ G :20pm
Stages 'connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Went
Springs and WnlU Bulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyiervllle for Skan~» Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, taratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day' a. Riverside. Lierley"s, Bu:knell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, HullvUle,Orr*s not 3pring».
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragr. Westport. Usal.
Wllllta, Laytonvtlle, Cummins. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcketa at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to alt points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofHce, «50 Market street, Chronicle
building. " •
H. C. WHITING. R. X. B.TAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
fiOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Mirket St. San Fran.
Week~Slin7 n , il ,, llM , M| , lm Sun. WeeT
. 1 1 ; 1* r. ' 6:ft».f , •
Fun, H «» rnwrtv* I* Hummlt and ttmm, 1 1 art,
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I <>-{> IC 12A11N Y HT. EsUtXtsbml
iln IA34 forth* trealmont of I'rlvntn
f Di-irsmxi. Lam Mannnnd. Debility nt
,*jrlN,,iiirt ivcitri'itrnii hody and ntlmt and
Hklit£>i»oii«<»s.Tlie iMtUir mirea whrn
[iothori fall. Try him. C'b*rg«a low,
i«««r»>« cu:»ri»iil<f«>. .CHllor wrlm,
launoK.biui Vrauctsco. Ctii .Argument on a motion for a new trial
in the case of William Buckley, convicted
of murder in the first degree, was con
tinued till Saturday.
P ttornoy Peter F. Dunne replied for tha
prosecution, arguing that the defendant
had been granted a just and fair trial.
Judge Liiwlor took the matter under ad
visement till Friday morning.
Attorney George D. Collins, on behalf
of the defendant, argued that a new trial
should be granted on the grounds that
the Judge erred in admitting evidence
against the objections of the defendant;
that the prosecution was guilty pf mis
conduct in the addresses to the jury and
that the court erred in not giving sixteen
instructions to the jury asked for by the
defc-ndant. - .
Arguments on the motion for a new trial
in the case of Thomas Moran, convicted
on a charge of murdering George W.
Rice, a non-union machinist, at Twentieth
and Howard streets. October 11, were
heard yesterday by Judge Lawlor.
Judge Lawlor Reserves His Decision
in the Matter Until Next
Friday. . .
Then the terms came in for scathing
review from half a dozen speakers. There
were no personalities indulged in, but
each speaker who declared against a sur
render of all that the union has advocated
for so many long months was cheered to
the echo. Finally a motion to postpone
action until to-night was put and car
ried by acclamation. Previous to this one
speaker bitterly denounced the proposal
to railroad this measure through the
meeting without giving the members time
to reflect on and fully grasp its terms.
Outside the hall after the meeting al
most every one of the 1500 machinists
present had bitter remarks for the condi
tions submitted and the man bearing
them. The usual charges of betrayal and
treachery were made and the situation,
as far as a settlement was concerned, did
not seem nearly as hopeful as before the
meeting was called.
The greatest secrecy was maintained by
the members and officers of the organiza
tion regarding the terms of settlement
proposed and it was stated before the
meeting that nothing would be given out
for publication, even if a vote was
reneh<vi, until the result had been in
dorsed I by the national headquarters at
Washi|?ton.
The iT.eeting was held In the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club's rooms on Sixth
street.
MOBAN ASKS FOR A NEW
TRIAL ON MURDER CHARGE
Scathing Speeches Made.
No sooner had Macarthur finished than
there were half a hundred men on their
feet, protesting against the acceptance of
any such terms, was with
difficulty, and a feeble attempt was made
by the few present who favored a re
turn to 'work to bring the question to an
immediate vote. This was voted down
almost unanimously.
If, on the other hand the National
Board shall determine that ten hours'
work a day is reasonable the unions are
to abide by the result. In either case
the employers shall not be compelled to
discharge any non-union men they may
have in their employ previous to the ac
ceptance of these terms by the strikers.
Macarthur epoke nearly three hours,
and his address was listened to in silence.
Many of the members withdrew when its
purport became disclosed, and it was tha
universal sentiment of these that the
terms should not be accepted. His propo
sition, briefly put, was that the striking
machinists return to work on the ten
hour basis, and leave the settlement en
tirely in the hands of National Board
of Arbitration. If this body shall decide
in its report to be Issued next June, that
the machinists are entitled to work only
nine hours a day, then the union shall
again call out its men from such estab
lishments as refuse to abide by this de
cision.
Terms Are Not Satisfactory.
To their Intense Furprise tne proposition
submitted by Macarthur was a virtual
surrender of all the main points of con
tention and every speaker following him
denounced it in unmeasured terms.
The meeting 1 was called for the Vurpose
of hearing the report of Walter Mac
arthur. editor of the Coast Seamen's
Journal, who had been appointed by the
National Board of Arbitration as its rep
resentative on the Pacific Coaat. He has
Just returned from the East, where he
deliberated with the arbitrators and was
empowered to make a proposition on the
part of the national boar.d to the striking
machinists of this city. Word wrs re
ceived from him by telegraph about a
week ago which raised the hopes of the
jnnchinlsts to a high pitch and they were
led to believe that the trouble could bo
nettled upon a basis that would be a prac
tical victory for them.
the National Board of Arbitra
tion for a settlement of the strike that
has been In progress now for months. If
the temper of the delegates does not
change before to-night, when the final
vote will be taken, there is no chance for
a settlement of the trouble upon the
terms proposed by the National Board of
Arbitration.
AFTER five houra of stormy dis
cussion the Machinists' Union of
San Francisco last night post
poned action on the proposal of
The Sunset Republican Club, composed
of residents of the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District, was organized last Friday
night. Daniel Foley was elected presi
dent, C. S. Boundage vice president, M.
G. Johnson secretary and William Jones
treasurer. -
New Republican Club Organized.
The will of Jerome A. Fillmore was filed
for probate yesterday. He leaves his
entire, estate, which- is estimated to be
worth less than $10,000, to his widow, and
provides that in the event of her death
it shall revert to his daughter, Jessie
Fillmore. The will Is holographic and was
executed In January, 1891. /
Fillmore Leaves Small Estate.
Game in season for lunch at Cafe Zln
kand properly cooked, properly served. *
The Rev. Dr. Dille will lecture to-night
in the Academy of Sciences Hall before
the British-American Society on "London,
the Metropolis of the World." This lec
ture will be freo to all who may desire
to attend.
Lecture on London.
.At the regular, meeting of the George
C. Perkins Club held.Monday evening the
following named officers were elected for
the ensuing campaign: President, S. W
Vulicevich; vice . president, L,. Walters
secretary, R. Smith; treasurer; W. Wal
ters. Resolutions were adopted favoring
the re-election of Senator Perkins.
George C. Perkins Club Meets.
FormeVly of the firm of Henry S. Cahn &
Co., has now become a member of, the
Berteling Optical Company, at 16 Kearny
street. Mr. Cahn assures his patrons and
friends that if they require anything: In
the optician's lino they will receive the
same courteous treatment that he has
heretofore accorded them. A visit to the
Berteling Optical Company at 16 Kearny
street will be greatly appreciated. •
He'nry S. Cahn,
¦ Belle Naylor, a buxom colored woman
who has been arrested frequently of late,
appeared in Judge Conlan's court yester
day on a. charge of grand larceny: The
complaining witness against her is Ma
thlas Michel, a visitor from Portland. He
said he was walking along Market street
Monday afternoon after drawing $100 from
the bank, wfcen he passed the woman,
who made goo-goo eyes at him. He fol
lowed her along Kearny street till she en
tered a saloon and he went in after her.
He, talked with her while they were hav
ing a drink and. a few minutes later dis
covered that the $100 had been stolen.
Made Goo-Goo Eyes. at Him.
Colonel J. B. Fuller, United States Pen
sion Agent, stationed in this city, will be
reappointed when his present term of of
fice expires July 18 next.
Information was received by State Sen
ator Cutter of Marysville yesterday that
Senators Perkins and Bard had joined In
recommending the reappointment of Col
onel Fuller and that the matter had been
laid before President Roosevelt, with the
Indorsements of the California Senators.
dorsed by Senators Perkins
and Bard.
Pension Agent in This City Is In-
COLONEL J. B. FULLER
TO BE REAPPOINTED
• The late Mrs. Elvira Townsend came
prominently before the public during the
recent war. She was known as "the angel
of the boys in blue", and spent large sums
of money to secure the comfort of the
soldiers. When Mrs. Townsend died sud
denly it was learned that she was a di
vorced woman and that she had a daugh
ter with whom she was not friendly. The
large , estafe . of . Mrs. Townsend was
awarded by the courts ¦ to her daughter,
Mrs. Ella Murray, who was made defend
ant in tho maintenance suit flled yester
day. ¦ . •
In his complaint Townsend says that he
is 70 years of age and unable to earn a
living and that. his daughter is possessed
of ample wealth.
Thomas G. Townsend, the divorced hus
band of "the late Mrs. Elvira Townsend,
yesterday filed suit in the Superior Court
to compel his daughter, Mrs. Ella Murray,
to allow him the sum of $200 per month
for maintenance and $500 to relieve his
present necessities.
Former Husband of Late Mrs. Elvira
Townsend Appeals to Court
for Aid.
FATHER OF MRS. MURRAY"
SUES. FOR MAINTENANCE
LABOR REPRESENTATIVE WHO
. URGES MACHINISTS TO RETURN
' TO WORK.
It is the intention of those Interested in
the project to make many improvements
In the railroad service along its lines.
While the most important proposition in
connection with the new deal is that it
gives the Santa Fe an advent into Oak
land, other plans will be put into effect
which will give the neighboring, towns a
quick, efficient railroad and ferry system
to San . Francisco and Oakland. The
Santa Fe Company has already ordered
several large ferry-boats for the new
service,' which, it is claimed, will prove
faster' and better equipped ¦ than the
Southern Pacific boats.
The Santa Fe people have been trying
to acquire the property for several years.
There were many obstacles in the way.
The affairs of the road were in a chaotic
state. It was harassed by all sorts of
litigation. Contracts it had with land
owners along its line for right of way had
expired and in some cases the land own
ers were left unpaid, and before the new
company could induce the Santa Fe to get
behind the proposition new contracts for
right of way had to be made and several
old debts settled.
Entirely New Ferry ' System.
The articles of incorporation name M.
J. Keller,. F. C. Havens, M. A. de
Laveaga, A. E. Bolton and G. E. Pratt
as directors and each claims an owner
ship of SSOOO worth of stock in the new
company. The company's capital stock is
set at $1,000,000. Tne old narrow gauge
road will be supplanted by broad gauge
tracks just as soon as the company is
given a broad gauge franchise. This will
probably be applied for Immediately and
no doubt will be granted. It is said that
the various officials who have it in their
power to grant the new company tho
franchise to operate a broad gauge road
over its newly acquired property have
already agreed to do so and operations
will probably commence within the next
few months. The first extension will be
built to San Pablo to connect with , the
Santa Fe. Another track will be laid to
Walnut Creek and the road will be com
pleted to the terminus contemplated by
Captain Smith before his death.
The California and Nevada road is
owned by the Realty Syndicate and the
Grant Bros, of Oakland, and they are
heavily interested in the new company.
It is understood that no opposition to
the granting of the franchise for a broad
gauge road will be made by the people
of Oakland, for the reason that the bulk
of the citizens across the bay are highly
in favor of making their town the ter
minus of the Santa Fe road.
No Opposition to Franchise.
' The first step toward getting the Santa
Fe Into Oakland way taken yesterday,
when the Oakland and East Side Kailroad
Company Hied articles of Incorporation
with the County Clerk. The new com
pany has settlcu the litigation, which has
harassed the California and Nevada Rull
road Company eince the death of it*
founder, captain Smith, some years ago.
It haa secured the ownership of the prop
erty and in turn has consummated a deal
with tho Santa *'e whereby the latter
company will absorb the California and
Nevada and tho new. Oakland and East
Side Company. The only obstacle in the
way of tho new project Is the securing
of a broad gauge franchise, as the little
road is a narrow gauge concern and can
not operate a broad gauge road.
As predicted ,by The Call more than a
year ago, the city of Oakland will soon
become a terminus for another transcon
tinental railroad. A deal was made early
this week whereby the Santa Fe road has
practically secured the right ot way Into
the very heart of Oakland. It only re
mains for the officiate of the Santa Fe to
secure a broad gauge franchise for ths
California and Nevada Railroad, operat
ing between Emeryville and Bryant, Con
tra Costa-County, and the Santa' Fe will
have-quite as 'good, If not a' better, ter
minus and ferry t)llp than the Southern
Pacific. '-vV/
New Corporation Is Organ
ized to Put the Deal
Through.
Arranges to Absorb the
California and Ne
vada Road.
SANTA FE GETS
INTO OAKLAND
TERMS OF NATIONAL ARBITRATORS
MEET NO FAVOR FROM MACHINISTS
Stormy Meeting of Strikers, Where Proposition Is Denounced
, as a Surrender of All That the Men Have Been Fighting
for, and Definite Action on It Is Postponed Until To-Night
BURGLARS MAKE
A DARING RAID
Home of John Bergez on
Clay Street Is Thor-
oughiy Looted.
Valuable Plunder Is Secured
and Damage Done to
Furnishings.
While John Bergez. the proprietor of
the Bergez restaurant on Pine street, and
his family were absent for a short time
last night from their residence at 1428
Clay street, burglars entered the house
and ransacked three of the rooms. They
eecured a magnificent sealskin cape,
valued at &09. belonging to Mrs. Bergez.
They were frightened away by the unex
pected return of Mrs. Bergez or their
plunder would have been still richer. They
had not yet located the family Jewels or
silverware, but they were making a very
thorough search.
The burglars carried on their work bold
ly and with nuch an air of security an to
leave little doubt that they are experi
enced hands at pillaging houHes. They
waited until every iticmbcr of the family
had left the house and then entered, it Is
supposed, through the front door. They
dla not try to conceal their presence In
the house, but proceeded to light the gas
in 1hr™» of the upper front rooms. In
*rs retting for valuables they tore up car
jvts, ripped open mattresses and Btrewcd
the pillows and bed coverings about the
rooms. • . •'
When Mrs. Bergez reached her home
and noticed the lights burning brightly
In the upper portion of the house she
thought all was not right, so she sent her
little bey to find Special Officer Mackey,
who was on duty in the nelghboihood.
Before the arrival of the officer the
burglars became alarmed and escaped. It
is supposed that one of them was on the
lookout and saw Mrs. Bergez returning.
How the burglars managed to get away
from the premises is not known. They
could not have passed through the front
yard without being eeen by Mrs. Bergez
and they could not have gone through the
vard In the rear of the house without
being attacked by the watchdog. The
only manner of escape left for them was
to climb over the fence at the side of the
house and pass through the neighboring
yards. This theory substantiates the be
lief that is entertained by the police that
the burglars are the same who have com
mitted various other robberies in the vi
cinity of the Eerfrez residence.
On Monday night a house on Hyde
6treet near Clay was plundered by burg
lars whose method of procedure was simi
lar to that of those who entered the
Bergez home. In both Instances the
thieves waited until the inmates of the
house had cone out before commencing
their 'Tvork. and In both cases mattresses
and carpets were torn up. Two suspicious
looking men have been seen recently loi
tering about the part of the city where
the burglaries were committed. The po
lice have secured 'good descriptions of
the men and expect to arrest tlrem within
e day or two.
JUBIES ACQUIT THREE
PRISONERS OF ROBBERY
Larceny, Is Convicted on a
Frank McCaffery, Accused of Grand
Reduced Cliarjre.
Four defendants on trial in the Superior
courts were lucky yesterday. In Judge
Dunne's court Frank McCaffery was tried
on a charge of grand larceny for stealing
a -watch from Dennis D. Clark, an Insur
ance agent at Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets, January 5. and the jury brought
In a verdict of petty larceny. McCaffery
will be sentenced to-day.
Giaconi de Eassi was tried In Judge
Cock's court on a charge of robbery. He
¦was accused along with Ella Jackson.
who has yet to be tried, of robbing Yung
Sam. a Chinese, of $00 In a. house on Cali
fornia street, September 18. The jury ac
quitted him.
John Condon and Henry Marquardt,
boys, were also tried in Judge Cook's
court on a charge of robbery. They were
jointly accused with Henry Berman. who
has demanded a separate \rial, of holding
up Even Egnashov.- on the night of De
cember 29 and robbing him of a silver
•watch and chain. The jury acquitted
them. Berm?n will be tried to-day and
it is believed that he will also be ac
quitted, as the evidence against him is
the same as in the other case.
Ccramends Tax Collector Smith.
In a communication sent yesterday to
Tax Collector Smith regarding the sus
pension of five deputies who have since
been restored to their positions the Civil
Service Commission says:
Thp Commissioners desii* to express their
very great satisfaction with your frar.k state
ment that you intend to aid thenv In maintain
ing the civil E'rvii-e provisions ot the charter
«nd you vill follow their RUgpestlo:i8 in the
mstter of these suspensions. They desire to
Fay further that if at any time it may heeomt*
necessary to discipline any of your subordinates
they will arsist you in every possible way
t*icir sutnoi'ity in m<iit*taininfc in j*our
department an attitude of respect and a fpirit
of loyalty, to the end that the public service
may be con:»erveil.
Winter Circus Draws Crowds.
Thp Winter Circus at Woodwards Pa
vilion is being liberally patronized by
younp and old. who thoroughly enjoy tho
programme prepared for their entertain
ment. The trick horses and educated
dogs never fail to please. The riding of
the equestrians is particularly bold "and
daring, "nd many new feats have been
introduced.
Mrs. Giesy to Give Recital.
Mrs. Emily Webb Giesy will give an
elocutionary recital and musical at Miz
pah Presbyterian Church. Harrison street,
to-morrow evening. The recital will be for
the benefit of the church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1902.
Alfred McLaughlln, who was suspected
by Policeman Sylvester of firing a 'shot
at him through his bedroom', window' and
who was arrested on a: charge of'.vag
rancy, was tried before a Jury in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday. After hearing
the evidence the Judge Instructed the Jury
to ac.ault. i -, - : ¦ - ,.\ ;• -¦
McLaughlin Is Not a Vagrant.
Oscar Murray, Percy Kiernan and Rob
ert. Vance, the young men arrested Mon
day night on suspicion i of ; having ' stolen
Jewelry and money from a number of pri
vate hotels/ have not yet been charged.
Chief Elton of Los Angeles, who Is at
tending the convention of Chiefs of Police,
had a look at the prisoners yesterday
morning and at once recognized them as
having been suspected of doing- the ; same
kind of work in his city. ' ¦
Suspected Thieves Still in Custody.
The islands threatened With inundation
are situated in the Sacramento River be
tween Antioch and Jtio -Vista.' They have
been- reclaimed from the waters of the
river by the construction of substantial
levees,' many yards in thickness. The
lands thus fortified against the water
have proved exceedingly ¦ fertile and pro-:
duce asparagus that lias become famous.
Should the levee be cut and the islands be
come inundated more than' $2(W,0:0 worth
of property would be destroyed. On last
Saturday Ryer Island was submerged and
its entire crop of asparagus and a"}l . the
buildings and fixtures on the island" com
pletely destroyed. - • ' . '• '¦'',
As soon as the Injunction was secured
Attorney Countryman -.telephoned to the
Sheriff of Sacramento County, requesting
him to proceed at once to the levee. : A
number of men were sent tq the islands
last night frpm this city to reinforce tho
Sheriff. * , ¦ ;' - ' ....."¦-. -, .
The writ was secured by Attorney
Countryman # in behalf of the Voorman
Company, the owner of Tyler and Bouidin
islands, which lie adjacent to Andros Isl
and. If the levee is- cut, the water from
the Sacramento River will flow into Geor
giana Slough and the Mokelumne,.- caus
ing these streams to overflow their, banks
and submerge Tyler and Bouidin Islands.
The writ was. made returnable on March
15 before Judge Cook.' £¦¦-'. '¦¦ ' '.•-. '.,'
A temporary injunction was issued j\es
terday afternoon by Judge Carroll Cook
restraining C. H. Oardner, Philip Gard
ner and Hans Wolf from cutting the levee
on the west side of Andros Island, an ex
tensive piece of reclaimed land in . {he
Sacramento River, which was pirtly sub.
merged by the recent freshet. The owners
of the island desired to cut the levee on
the west side in order to permit the
waters, which had inundated the island at
the breaking of the levee on the east side,
to flow into Georgiana Slough and the
Mokelumne River. ....'". .
Judge Gbok Restrains
Andros Islanders Prom
Cutting Lsvee.
COURT PHOTEGTS
ASPARAGUS CROP
Mrs. S. B. Hall.
Spring opening of Imported pattern hats and
latest Parisian novelties Wednesday. March 5,
and following days. At 10 Kearny at. •
High Chief Ranger Arrives.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh of the
Independent Order of Foresters arrived
in this city yesterday from Los Angeles
and last evening visited Court" Acacia
After the business meeting of the court
he met the board of city deputies and had
an Informal talk with it in regard to
making preparations to entertain Supreme
Chief Ranger Oronhyeteka and other su
preme officers and delegates, who after
holding a session In Los Angeles will hold
a one-day session In this city in the lat
ter part of April.
The suit of "W. C. Bruson vs. J. R. de
la Mar was dismissed in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday by consent. The
suit had been transferred from the Supe
rior Court of Shasta County to the United
States Circuit Court. The plaintiff al
leged that he was the owner of section
33, Township 34 north, range 3 west, in
Shasta County, and that on August • 14,
1900. he signed an agreement giving Do la
Mar' a right of way and approaches to
a railroad bridge across Pitt River on
condition that De la 'Mar should immedi
ately construct and equip a railroad from
Bella Vista to the Bully Hill mines. The
complaint further alleged that De la Mar
failed to carry out his part of the agree
ment, and that the document had been
misrepresented to Bruson by Charles A
Garter, attorney for the defendant.
to Construct a Kailroad Causes
Legal Controversy.
Alleged Violation of an Agreement
EIGHT OF WAY SUIT
DISMISSED IN COURT
Officer Plncovic and the drug clerk
came to the rescue, and the horse, bleed
ing and plastered with diluted pavement,
penitently followed to the stable. •
A ycung lady happened into the store
to telephone just before the trouble. The
telephone is situated right back of the
pyramid of infallible tonic. She had ju3t
left the phone and crossed the store to
ask the clerk something when the crash
came and she escaped injury by a hair's
breadth.
After shattering the window of Hen
covic's pharmacy the horse for a mo
ment seemed to come to its senses, but
when the fumes of 200 bottles of some
body's infallible tonic and sixty-five bot
tles of some other body's hair Jnvigora
tor, together with large quantities of ex
posed cod liver oil rose to its nostrils the
quadruped snorted. Even a blind horse
will turn. This one had been used to the
perfume of flowers. It reared and tore
round and round In a circle, catching up
a wheelbarrow of burning asphalt in its
wake, which it finally spilled on the
ground and lay down in.
A horse kicked up a series of monkey
shines yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock
on tho corner of Stelner and Eddy streets
which made a hit with tho small boys of
the neighborhood and incidentally with a
'glass window. It was a sort of one-ring
circus, and the horse demonstrated how
much damage an equinf . though blind, as
this one was, can do in a short time. It
broke the plate glass window of a drug
store, wallowed in the patent medicines,
upset ths burning asphalt of the street
repairer and ended by lying down in it
as if trying to make of itself a burnt of
fering for its sins.
The horse belongs to G. Rossi, florist at
tZl\i Grant avenue. Mr. Rossi lives on
Steiner street, and while he went into his
house for his coat he left the beast stand
ing. He declares that the horse has al
ways been well behaved and is surprised
at its giddy actions in its old age. lie
says that some one must have fright
ened it.
Kicks in a Plate Glass
Window and Spills
Melted Asphalt.
SCARED HORSE
CREATES HAVOC
12
We have now on sale a most ele-
gant assortment of NEW WASH
"DRESS FABRICS, in all the latest
materials for Spring and
Summer wear.
Satin Striped Silk and Linen Batiste,
Japanese Corded Wash Silks,
French Printed Challies,
Silk and Linen Fancy Tissues,
Mercerized Cotton Foulards,
I Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities,
English Galateas and Oxfords,
Japanese Wash Crepes,
Printed Percales and Sateens,
Egyptian Lace Tissues,
Plain and Printed Organdies,
Scotch Cheviot Shirtings,
Silk Striped Tennis Fl<*nnels,
Scotch Chambrays and Ginghams,
Mercerized Madras Ginghams,
Oxford Mercerized Shirtings,
White Organdies and Piques.
SPECIAL..
20,000 pieces NEW FRENCH VALENCIENNES
LACE, all widths, edgings and insertings to
20c to $2,50 per Piece.
TO OUR PATRONS RESIDING OUTSIDE OF SAN FRAN-
• CISCO : Please write Top samples or aUpva goods
now, while the- assortment is complete.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
| TRAPS!
The old-style ones are
"way passe"; but comfort-
able, stylish ones built on
new lines are always wanted.
I E^QSfiOMMNY
Market and Tonth Streets.
BUTTER.
Very beat— Fresh, rich, creamy.
ECLIPSE CREAMERY, Squares 30c
Full weight 16-ounce pound.
CUBE SUGAR. 21 pounds Sl.OO.
FELS-NAPTHA SOAP ffiffii STc"'
cakes OU
SEEDLESS RAISINS. 15c lb lOc.
UNSWEETENED CREAM .T= !?Zi
Four for oc n
Many prefer to fresh cream. cdb
12i£c RAISIXS 3 pkgs. 23c.
PRI1&1EQ Santa Clara's. Bright, OC ft
rnUrtLO clean. 7 pounds ZOC
Small pits. Flavor of bit quality.
BROKEN JAVA & MOCHA. 3 lbs 50c.
MACARONI ftS38S2g££§ 25c
Snow white. Cooks tender. Usual 8c lb.
: GOOD RANCH EGG3 15c.
BEST JAPAN RICE SKS .. he . ad : 5c
Large grain. White and whole. Usual 8c.
TOILET PAPER, 13c squares lOc.
COCOANUT CAKES#s? rican *%?"
Pound \l G
Fresh from oven. Highest -quality.
Usual 20c.
JESSE MOORE WHISKY. Qt.. 63c
TABLE CLARET ,WV. "SW./iK
Ion *rUC
You can safely serve your friends at
dinner.
SAGO or TAPIOCA. 8 lbs 25c.
TARI F PI ARCT Best tor the money
IADLC ULAntl in San Francis-
co. Gallon i)C ft
Sample at store. Any quantity. ZOu
SATURDAY WGHTJ3S*. •*£*.',!
Best Dry Cane Sugar, 23 Cl 0(1
pounds OliUU
Fine granulated.
The larger your order Saturday nights
the larger your saving. No exclusive
sugar orders taken.
EXTRA SPECIALS AT STORE.
119 TAYLOR. PHONE. HOWARD 10:3.
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions Ti» this
route to Chicago. New Tork, Boston and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
Information address
z* m. fIaEtcheh.
Pacific Coast Asent.
126 California St.. San Francisco. CaL
- It Is a Shana for Any Casa of J|
pTT .T=n<=st
TO BE CUT, «
When over 10CO persons, in this city J
and State, will verify that during tha I
past five years they have been perma- J
nently cured, without anesthetics or 7
surgery- F ew were lj » be <l while un- <
der treatment. Only two failures; 5
thes^ were cancer. This is no salv& <
proposition; each case must be treated J
at the offlce.^ The worst cases wanted, i
Names of 75 prominent business men J
• sent as references. For further particu- ?
lars address RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ?
box 2C73, Call office. San Francisco. }
J 44&&$ l . NOTICE I
n CEO. MAYERLE,
Mjti§8%t£sFy' i German Expert Optician. ha.i
&/Vray ]jv not moved, but r»mala» »t
"•**— *- 1071 Market street. .
It is conceded that Royal
Baking Powder is purest and .
strongest of all baking pow-
ders, absolutely free from alum,
ammonia and every adulter-
ant. "Royal" makes the best
and most wholesome food.
«OYAL BAK1NQ POWDER CO.. 100 WILLIAM 6T., NEW YORK. .
It 'will pay you to\f : V ' - j
patronize our tailoring \v" \ ' \\
department- for three \ V \\£-UL
fundamental reason?. fi--- ' ' s* yi>
First-You .get the I x I */7^fi)
latest designs in fab- '?''•¦ **J&GiX
ric? to select from. / ,. " >')»^' «H
Second— The fabrics \—-^' < f TjrT\
we ha%-e arc not com- / : ¦ fttV
mon; are our own ex- ,-* ( - if
elusive patterns. • ' • Jo&i \h'**"M
Third— Our tailoring T0MWm;'*
is high class, while our "{^^wff j#^,f •
prices are reasonable o&w $$3f
and we. make suits on rMicf? "£#Sj
' payment of * f^p 1 ?/ JMsl
One Dollar If §§.•
auy (Q^ Ir *.\ 5 v ; \ rfit)
VV ccn, 41 . #3lT a '\
Be 8U,'c o? cur nam j V&l
and address. >2v
128. ElIlS St. AbovePtwell
. . . ¦¦. *¦ ¦ . • •• . .---¦ -¦ — • — .¦ - • — .