A ; JVj adjustment of: the street car men's strike was not reached yesterday, \ contrary, to [the expec
f\fation of the general public!: The demands' of 4he: strikers werel considered; by; the] 'executive
/.committee of the United Railroads, andj-it is said, fnoi^^ih^^we^^fayorfi^y^ept^e^^^
the directors, zvho later in the day re-referred*. them to' the ¦ executive \ committee,' pending? receipt , of
filial instructions . from the Eastern oxvners., ; It : is confidently expected | that • the | ofjj* the
company zvill be submitted to the union carmen, to-day: " " 0 : ; . . . . - : ' .;; .^ - >. ' *
•¦• The directors of 'the Geary-street . line ;. entered .into an '] agreement -with their ' striking < em
ploycs'by which they, bind themselves to grant such concessions and benefits as may -be conceded by
tjte United Railroads to its employes. Under this? agreement traffic on the Geary-street line: zvill be
resumed to-day. . , '\ r : ''. - ~-\ " / . " . —
PROMINENT RAILWAY OFFICIALS WHO: TREATED WITH STRIKERS.
Continued on Page Four.
THE expectation that the strike
of the streetcar men would'- be
adjusted yesterday was not real
ized. The prospects of an^ ad
justment of the controversy
some time to-day, however,
were excellent at midnight, and
if both parties to the struggle are willing
to make certain concessions "which will be
demanded, there is little doubt that ,the
strike will be declared off before night
fall.
While the deliberations of the executive
committee of the United Railroads yes
terday morning were executive, It'- is
known that many of the demands of the
strikers were favorably ' considered. The
members of the committee,' without'ex
ception, admitted that the chances of an
early settlement of the trouble were good,'
but they declined to state what demands
they favored or which of them they were
In favor of refusing. The Inference was
plan that as far the committee was con
cerned, the only question was the advis
ability of consenting to the raise of wages,
by which the payroll of the company
would be swelled annually to the extent
of $300,000. None of the directors was
willing to commit himself upon this point
until the sentiments of the Eastern own
ers was ascertained. It Is understood that
on all other demands, as submitted, the
committee, with minor modifications, re
ported in favor of granting them. The
members of the executive committee, who
considered the propositions were. Messrs.
Holland., Hellman. Tobln, Holbrook and
Ford. •
DIRECTORS IN SESSION.
The individual reports of the executive
committee were considered during the'
afternoon by the board of directors. The
discussion was a quiet one and it was
evident that the gentlemen were willing
to do all In their power to end the strike.:
The only question was as to their powers.;
The directors decided ' before talking final;
May Reach an
Agreement
The directors met at 2 o'clock and re
mained in session until after 5. \ The In-
Officials Still
Considering
Demands.
. . . •
¦ r " -a: LONG meeting in the morning
-¦ .: "of the executive council of the
••¦/' /;| United Railroads In the Wells
-^*"il: Fargo building: and another
«^ „ -*V long session of the directors of
the syndicate in the -afternoon
was the history of the strike from the
railroad officials' side yesterday. At both
meetings the agreement presented by the
union _car» men was carefully discussed
and it is known that many clauses in this
covenant have already been consented to
by. the' men .who represent the capitalist
side' of the fight.
- The executive council is composed of
President Holland, Tirey L. Ford, Joseph
S. Tobin,"I.,W.".Hellman and Charles Hol
brook. '.-They. met at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning . and were in clos,e consultation
until long after the noon hour. During
that time ; they called in. a number of
the operative officials and superintendents
and • cross-questioned them In . reference
to the working hours of the motormen
and the gripmen'. and the length of the
runs. This information was obtained so
that the executive committee might more
clearly understand whether it would be
able to concede to the striking car men's
demands.'
CaMMTTTEEBIEN'S REPORTS.
~ Before leaving the meeting each mem
ber ;of the executive committee wrote out
his own " views of the situation, which
were ; read to. the directors at the after
noon ' session. .:
,At the close of the morning session the
outlook was. hopeful and It was generally
thought' that the strike would be amicably
settled last .evening. Tlrey L. Ford and
Joseph S. Tobiij.both spoke enthusiastical
ly of the meeting. In fact Director Tobin
said "he was sorry that the strike had
ever occurred and that if the matter was
left v to .him alone he would settle it in
five minutes.". ',' *
GUATEMALA CITY, April 24.—Earth
quakes continue to be felt throughout the
¦western part of Guatemala. Quesalte
r.&ngo, which was ruined by earthquake
chocks last week and which was the sec
end city of importance in this republic,
will probably not be rebuilt The water
works were destroyed. ' Ab a pestilence
v.-as threatening the inhabitants aban
doned the ruins of the town. The bodies
of the dead are being cremated. It is
ann6unced that the only American killed
was Mrs. Clara Klldarc. The foreigners
residing In this republic are contributing
liberally to the relief fund. . The Ameri
can colony has already subscribed 120,030.
EARTHQUAKES CONTINUE
TO DISTURB GUATEMALA
BALMORAL, Transvaal, April 24.—Sec
retary of State Reitz of the Transvaal,
Lucas Meyer, commander in chief of the
Orange Free State forces, and other mem
bers of their party, who arrived here last
night, have concluded their conferences
with the burghers composing General
Lucas Meyer's command. Nothing has
leaked out regarding the result. Secre
tary Reltz returned here yesterday, and
proceeded to Pietersburg to meet Com
mandant Beyers.
The Government leader, Balfour, an
nounced that an autumn session of the
House would be necessary to deal with
arrears of legislation.
CONIERENCES WITH BUBGHEBS.
Ealfour, the Government leader, .came
to the support of the sorely tried War
Secretary, and contended that the Gov
ernment was justified in detaining even a
Eritish subject if it thought his wander
ings were calculated to injure the inter
ests of South Africa. Those voting for the
adjournment would be condemning Lord
Kitchener and Lord Milner, in whose
keeping at this moment rested the hopes
lor peace.
MINISTERS AEE TWITTED.
James Bryce (Liberal) and Sir Robert
Reid (Liberal) twitted the Ministers for
again Interposing Lord Kitchener as a
buffer between' the Government and the
House. They both denounced the present
action of the Government as a gross abuse
¦of power.
The spirit of revolt spread to the Gov
ernment benches. Ian Malcolm (Con
servative), who Is said to have been here
tofore an unswerving supporter of the
Government, warmly repudiated Balfour's
argument that those voting for the ad
journment would be showing themselves
careless of British honor. After such an
Incident he no longer felt sure that the
members of the Government could gay
they had clean hands in this regard. War
er peace would not be facilitated by such
violations of the liberty of a subject.
Other suporters of the Government fol
lowed in the same strain. The House
then divided* and the motion for adjourn
ment was defeated by 258 to 182.
Winston Spencer Churchill, Conserva
tive, also delivered a few caustic sen
tences, saying he hoped the House would
fcrce the Go\-ernment to withdraw within
the limits of the law and observe the cou
ctitution.
This brought forth a protest from Sir
"William Vernon Harcourt. Liberal, who
declared that such a proposition was
scandalous and contrary to the ele
mentary principles of freedom.
The Secretary of State for War. Brod
rtcfc. In the course of a. reply raised a.
etotm by raying thet," -although - Carti
wright had served his legal sentence, the
qrettion of his liberation was still "cub
BE.0DRICK RAISES ' STORM.
Jchn Morley, Liberal, moved the ad
journment of the House, the success of
which proposition would practically
emount to a vote of censure on the Gov
ernment in general and on Lord Kitchen
er and Lord Milner in particular. Morley
pointed out that Cartwright, who liad
served a year's imprisonment for libel,
now desired to come to England, and that
Iiis detention was illegal, unconstitu
tional and tyrannical. He added that the
explanation of Lord Stanley, the Finan
cial Secretary of the War Office, who
Bcrved in the South African war as chief
-press censor, that the Government did
not think It desirable to Increase the
ramber of anti-British propagandists in
this country, was the most outrageous
thing heard in the House since Simon de
Ucntfort invented Parliament.
LONDON. April 24.— The forcible deten
tion In South Africa of Albert Cartwright,
who. while editor of the South African
TCcws» charged Lord Kitchener, prior to
his engagement with General Dewet.
•with ordering his officers to shoot all
prisoners, formed the subject of a heated
debate in the House -ol Commons this
evening.'
stitchener and Milner
Barely Escape
Censure.
Declare Editor's Im=
prisonment Is an
Outrage.
Commons Members
Take Up Case of
Cartwright.
REBUKE
BRITISH
LEADERS
* Continued on Page r Four. r
Continued on Page Four.
It was popularly; supposed that • the
Geary-streetJlne had been taken over, by
the Baltimore syndicate,": but as the ques
tion of the duration of Its; franchise is a
moot point, it v was not. formally , pur
chased. 1- A ¦ ; number : ' °f , •' those t who are
financially : interested in ; the .new corpora
tion are likewise 'interested -in the Geary
street" road, however. ,i As a branch of the
original | Market-street ¦ system.' this :, road
was 'therefore included In- the edict issued
by. the . strikers. : , ,. . . ( ...
Some surprise. was expressed on Wednes-
sixty-four , conductors / and; gripmen >and
about twenty ; extra ¦ men i will report ' for
duty, under the" old schedule, -until the dif
ferences * the .':' United Railroads
and its employes. are settled.
-' The : same delegation .', of ; car . employes
that conferred -with the officials of the
United Railroads of San Francisco , was
present.' I^ess time was consumed in con
sidering demands and in less' than an hour
an agreement was reached by : which, the
. ARS will begin: running again
. "jfTty to'-day on the lines of the
M - , Geary Street, Park and Ocean
B . -Railway as the .result of : a,
THkfgfffr ¦ conference held yesterday
afternoon at the office of the
president, / Horace. G. Platt, in s the . Mills
building. ; The Geary-street road, ' whiloa
part of;the property of the Market Street
Railway Company, was not included in the
purchase' and .transfer pf; Its 'other, prop
erties to the Baltimore syndicate.
Geary-Street Company Makes Arrangements With Strikers
Under Which Operation of the Line WiLL Be Resumed.
day. afternoon that President , Platt was
not present at" the first conference. '•; Then
the facts stated above were developed. A
delegate/from the car : employes ; called
upon! Mayor' Schmitz yesterday •• morning
: and explained the . situation and the mis
understanding, i Mayor Schmitz put him
self i in communication' with' Mr. rPlatt, a
meeting was arranged and the arbitration
committee of the carmen was notified.
-. .•¦¦¦ HOLD A; CONFERENCE. •
.The committee of car. employes, conslst
ing % of; : ; H. • A: * Knox, ¦ W. • S. • Shaf er. ' G. -. B.
Huggins,'A. ( O'Dowd,' ' J.VaI- Lupp "and: C.
S.'Heroivmet President Platt at 3 o'clock".
L SANTIAGO DE CHILE. April 24.—
Owing to the ' great opposition of tha
Deputies to the sale of the cruisers Preal
dente Pinto to Colombia and Prcsldcnte
Errazuriz to Ecuador the Chilean Min
istry has presented its resignation.
Chilean Ministry Resigns.
HARVARD. Neb.. April 25.— The safe
of the Elkhorn depot here was dynamited
at 1 o'clock this morning and its contents
stolen by unknown robbers. The amount
of 10S3 cannot be learned to-night. No
clew to the robbers has "been found.
Robhers Use Dynamite.
A melinite cartridge was found secreted
in a coal bunker. It is believe* the sail
or'a brain became affected by anarchist
ideas, of which he boasted.
PARIS. April 24.— A dispatch to the
Journal dea Debats from Toulon says that
a young sailor has been arrested on board
the French battleship Charles Martel for
seeking to enlist several comrades In a
plot to blow up that vessel.
Became Affected by Studying
Anarchy.
Authorities Believe That His Braia
IRENCH SAILOR PLOTS
TO BLOW UP BATTLESHIP
The House conferees have held out at
the earnest request of the California, dele
gation, but it is believed that when a
further conference is ordered an agree
ment will be reached. The Senate con
ferees announced that a canvass of th«
Senate showed that body would not yield
on this point. ' •;>'-¦:'. :,'-- it .?' : -
WASHINGTON. April 24.— The con
ferees on the Chinese exclusion bill to-day
decided to report a disagreement to each
house. The point of difference is the date
as to when the- law shall extend, the
House contending for an indefinite period
and the Senate being equally firm in in
sisting that the law shall not last beyond
the life of the treaty.
When the Law Shall
Extend.
Point of Difference Is the Date aa to
CONFEREES DISAGREE
ON EXCLUSION" BILIi
BLOOMINGTON, 111.. April 24.— An
agreement has been entered into among
the 2000 employes of the Chicago and
Alton shops in this city which states that
none of their number will eat meat dur
ing the next thirty days.
WASHINGTON. April 24.— Attorney
General Knox to-day made the following
statement regarding the beef trust:
"On April 4 this department directed W.
A. Day, Esq., of Washington, In h!s
capacity as special assistant to the At
torney General. to examine into as far as
practicable the public charges to the ef
fect that a combination of large meat
dealers of the United States had been ef
fected contrary to the provisions of the
laws of the United States. This prellmi.
nary examination resulted in Instructions
to Mr. Day and Mr. Bethea, United States
Attorney at Chicago, on April 7, to prose
cute simultaneously in Chicago and the
East a more particular examination into
the allegations and proofs alleged to exist
in support thereof. From their reports I
am satisfied. that sufficient evidence Is on
hand upon which bills In equity for an in
junction can be framed to restrain "tha
combination mentioned from further pro
ceeding under their agreements, which
clearly appear to be In restraint of inter
state trade,
ORDERS BILL PREPARED.
"I have, therefore, .in compliance -with
the law, which provides: 'It shall be the
, duty of the several District Attorneys of
United States In their respective dis
*tricts- under the'dlrectlon'of the*"Attdrney
General to institute proceedings In equity
to prevent and restrain violations of this
act.' directed the District Attorney at
Chicago to prepare a bill for an injunction
against the corporations and persons who
are parties to the combination mentioned
to be filed in the United States Court for
the Northern District of Illinois."
DENIAL OP PACKERS.
CHICAGO. April 24.— United States Dis
trict Attorney Bethea refused to xnaka
any statement to-night about the action
that he will take under Attorney General
Knox's instructions.
"I have absolutely nothing: to say," ha
said when the Washington announcement
was read to him.
A representative of the packing-houses
said that the packers welcomed a full
investigation of their relations with each
other and the conduct of their business.
In "their behalf he entered a denial to all
charges that they are in combination to
control prices or in restraint of trade.
Certain Compacts Are
in Violation of
Law.
Instructions for the
Filing of Actions
Are Issued.
The Attorney General
Acts on Meat
Combine.
EVIDENCE
OF TRUST
IS FOUND
DIRECTORS OF UNITED RAILROADS FAIL TO REACH AGREEMENT'
AND PENDING THE RECEIPT OF INSTRUCTIONS FROM THE EAST
SETTLEMENT OF GREAT STRIKE IS UNAVOIDABL Y DEL A YED
PRICE PITE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MtipAY,; j. APRIL ;25, 1902. \ *
VOLUME XCI-NO. 146.
The San Francisco Call.TOPEKA. Kans.. April 24.— The general
conference of the Seventh Day Adventists
adjourned to-day, and most of the dele
gates have returned. to their homes. 'Plans
were adopted : for the establishment "of
homes for superannuated r ministers ano:
provisions made for the liquidation of
$300,000 indebtedness ; oa the general as
sembly. . .. s - . 1 ' r ' " : • "'
Adventists to Found Homes.
. * grand celebration on the Fourth
of July. . ¦
The affair will take in the 3d, 4th and
5th of July, and^thousands of people are
expected to attend. Mount Tamalpais
Parlor No. C4 has charge of the pro
gramme, and has already appointed a
committee at arrangements. Special
trains have been arranged for, and aeon
tract has bfreis made with a street fair
company* t;.« carry out the carnival and
street fair features.
J Emmet Hayden, who is a candidate
for grand outside sentinel before the
Grand Parlor next" week, is chairman of
the committee, with Louis Smith as vice
chairman, W. J. Eden, as secretary and
S. Herzog as treasurer. The other mem
bers of the committee are: E. B. Mar
tlnelli, T. J. Lennon. Judge. F. M. Angel
lotti, W. S. Dreypolcher, A. E. Scott.
Louis Hughes, James Watson and M. F.
Cochrane.
SAN RAFAEL, April 24.— San Rafael
is preparing for one of the most
brilliant events ever given In this
city, a street fair, carnival and a
OFFICERS OF TrfE COMMITTEE
WHICH IS ARRANGING THE SAN
RAFAEL CARNIVAL.
Bills were then passed as follows: To
provide for the purchase of a site and the
erection of a public building thereon in
the city of Washington to be used for a
hall of records and indicating an appro
priation of $1,000,000 for the purpose; au
thorizing an increase of pension in cases
Involving total deafness; making the pro
vision of the act of Congress . approved
February 28. 190L relating to public lands,
applicable to the State of Utah; authoriz
ing the appointment of a committee to
distribute $500,000 of the funds of the
Choctaw and Chickae&w nations of In
dians among- Indigent members of those
nations.
The Senate then passed forty-three pri
vate pension bills. At 4:40 o'clock it went
Into, executive session and at 4:55 o'clock
adjourned.
consideration of routine business in the
Senate to-day a bill was reported from
the Judiciary Committee and passed, pro
viding that certain clerical defects in nat
uralization cases in Territorial courts that
have gone out of existence may be reme
died on proper hearing. :
A resolution offered by Proctor of Ver
mont, directing the Secretary of War to
send to the Senate all reports regarding
the Bufflngton-Crozier . gun carriage
which may have been made to the depart
ment, was adopted.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— During the
Senate Passes Appro
priation Bill for Site
•Purchase.
HALL OF RECORDS
FOR WASHINGTON
:Magicv
>.'¦ Til* w»y Balva-cea cures PUm»
SAN ; JOSE, ;April 24.— J. H. Russell, a
well-known attorney, was arrested to
day on a ; charge of felony embexzlemeht
preferred'byG.; Culver, who charges that
Russell collected . $200 • for • him . on a note
and: that he has failed to turn ¦ the money
over. ¦ ¦ Russell ¦ denies the charge ' and- says
thaf it grows out . of a dispute < regarding
a mutual open account. - He- says -that -it
is , true that . there Is a' balance due Cul
ver. ; which he is ready. to pay. -He gave
bafl In $500 to appear: for examination
1 Hay 'fr ¦::¦•;' .. :' * ".,'-;•.'.'.'-;.•
Accuses Lawyer of Embezzlement.
Wilhelmina Shows Fortitude.
LONDON. April 24.-The Amsterdam
correspondent of the Dally Mail says he
is assured that Queen Wilhelmlna's con
dition gives no cause for alarm.' The ru
mor that peritonitis has supervened is not
confirmed., .. • . . ,-.\ ..-.
"I have seen the Queen's nurse,'.' the
correspondent says, "who denied that any
•complications had arisen, although' her
Majesty was considerably weakened by
her temperature, which Is between 103 and
104 degrees, and by the severe pain, which
ebe has borne with remarkable fortitude."
WASHINGTON, April. 84.— The V Papal
briefs creating the new diocese of Sioux
City, Iowa, and : appointing 'Very - Rev.
Dr. Philip J. Garrigan, the present rec
tor of :, the Catholic University, , Its - first
Bishop,' nave reached here and been deliv
ered to the -Bishop-elect by Cardinal Mar
tinelll. Bishop Garrigan will be- conse
crated' at- Springfield, Mass., the ; : former
diocese of -the new Bishop, on Sunday,
:May 25. ..- .¦ ¦ ; ; - . • ¦ V ,..¦--.*
Creates a New' Diocese.
Brown fired four shots at the supposed
robber, who fellfto the street.' Brown was
arrested. Miller, had no .weapon, and his
bands were in bis pockets.
/¦ CHICAGO, April .24.— A practical' joke"
terminated fatally for, Edward [ L. Miller,
a colored rnan, who was "shot: and
by Joseph B. 'Brown, another \ colored
man, who was a friend of his victim. Both
men had [ lived In; the same > house, 103
South Peoria street, 1 for; several ; months'.
Brown was ¦ approaching his home." when
Miller . started out of the shadows'- with
a gruff command of "TJirow r up your
hands!" . ¦ --; •"¦' , • . ' • . .
pad to Frighten a, Friend and
Is Killed.:
Colored Man of Chicago Plays Foot-
PRACTICAL JOKE ENDS :
¦ IN DEATH OF/ THE JOKER
. WASHINGTON, April 24.— Senhor Tav
«tra; the Portuguese Charge, has Informed
the State Department of the arrival in
Washington of Vlscontlde Alie, the newly
appointed Portuguese Minister, who re
places Senhor Santo-Thierso. T.he new
Minister is expected to appear at the
State Department to-morrow.
New Portuguese Minister.
I DENVER, April,. 24.— A special ¦ to the
News from Lake City, Colo., says Frank
Nlcolli, an Italian miner, this afternoon
shot and killed Mrs. Stockder, wife' of
Moritz Stockder, superintendent of
Hidden Treasure mine, , and then .'; blew
out his own brains. Nicolli was formerly,
an employe of the jnine,.and, it is said,
hfe "blamed Mrs." " Stockder for his dis
charge, which recently, occurred.: Mrs
Stockder saw. Nicolli coming to her home
and ran into a bedroom; locking the door
Nicolli followed her, breaking down the
door, shot her three times and then
turned his pistol on himself.- '
ployer Believing Her Respon
' sible for His Discharge. ~.
Miner Shoots Wife of Former Em-
BLOWS OUT HIS BRAINS
AFTHR KILLING A WOMAN
The town was without fire protection,
gave a small chemical" engine, which was
practically useless. It 13 doubtful. if the
place will ever be rebuilt, as it was a
lumber town, and the lumber is nearly all
out of this section. ',. • • ' ¦ •;
About one-half of the "town is in ashes
and' 500 people are /homeless. . The flames
spread from the town to a lumber* yard,
and from there. to. the woods, and Burned
two mills up 'the railroad. 8. L. Picken«,
editor ".of the _¦ Marienyille -Express, was
severely burned about the "face, .head" and
arms, as also was ! M. Kendall. John
Johnson, a tailor; is missing, and it Is
supposed he was burned in his , shop.
Among the. buildings destroyed were
the postofflce, opera-house, three .hotels,
Marienville Express and the Presbyte
rian f church..
The only, business houses standing in
the town are »the Gold Standard Bank,
one store,' one hotel and one restaurant.,
CLARION, Pa., April. 24— The fire at
Marienvllle, Forest . County, raged until
last night,^consuming 150 buildings and
entailing a loss r of nearly $300,000,~ with
not over $75,000 Insurance.
Are Destroyed and Five Hun
dred : People Homeless.
One Hundred and Fifty^ Buildings
FIRE WIPES OUT SMALL
„ TOWN IN PENNSYLVANIA
Army orders— Major William - W. Mc-
Cammon, Sixth Infantry, is relieved from
duty in the Department of California and
will proceed home and await retirement:
WASHINGTON, " April 24.— Postoffice
name, .changed: Washington— Nelson,
Ferry / County, to Danville. Postmasters
commissioned:. California — Tulare, • Wil
liam; P. Ratliff; Albert A. Whaley, Mo
neta.. Washington— Peter B. Nelson, Dan-'
ville; Ellsworth D. Scheble," Wenatchee.
Appointed: California— A. C. Peters. Long
"Valley, -Lassen County, vice' D. S. Ed
wards, resigned. ¦ .;.'.' ¦ ¦
¦ These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— Ashbell S. Douglass.
Santa Cruz, $10. Increase— Henry Weaver,
Napa. $17; William H. , Locke. • Riverside
$17; . George H. Wise, Soldiers' Home. Los
Angelea, sj $10. Mexican -war— Alfred * C
Burge, Soldiers' Home,^L.os Angeles, '$12.
Widows— Amy McElroy, ..Oakland, $8;
Fanny Carr, San Francisco, $8. ;
Oregon— Widows— Malvira E. Parmelee,
Portland, $12; Frances Fuller Victor,
Portland, ?20. , .
Washington— Widows— Eliza E. Ken
nett, Springdale, $8. ;
Postal Service and More New •
\S,: '-' r Pensions Granted. \?
Several Changes Are Made - in the
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
For every other position on the ticket
there were animated but friendly con
tests. • ¦ . . ... r
The Secretary of State, State Geologist,
State Statistician, Judge of the Supreme
Court and Judges of the Appellate Court
¦were nominated by acclamation. •
Animated but Friendly Contests
Mark the Proceedings of the
; • ; Nominating Convention.
: INDIANAPOLIS, April 24.— The Repub
lican State convention adjourned to-night
after nominating the following ticket:
Secretary of State, Dantel E. Storms;
Auditor, David E. . Sherrlck: Treasurer,' N. U.
Hill :. Attorney General, Charles W. . lllller;
State Geologist, : Willis S. Blatchley; State •
Statistician. Benjahiln F. Johnson; Judge of
the Supreme Court, John H. Glllett; Clerk of
the Supreme Court, Robert A. Brown; Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, F. A. Cotton.
INDIANA REPUBLICANS
NAME A STATE TICKET
Wadsworth of New York, in charge of
the bill, made a brief preliminary state
ment of the contents of the bill, which he
explained .carried $5,158,570, an increase of
$576,150 over, the current law. The largest
increases were those for the Weathor
Bureau and the Bureau of Plant Industry
each about $100,000.
Fox of Mississippi, availing himself of
the latitude allowed in general debate,
discussed the question of restricted suf
frage in the South, with especial refer
ence to the legislation of his own State,
which he defended. He argued that Mis
sissippi had done the wise and patriotic
thing and deserved the commendation o'
tho country. At the conclusion of Fox's
remarks the .House at 5:08 p. m. ad
journed
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The House
to-day sent the oleomargarine bill to
conference after agreeing to the Senate
amendments with some modifications
suggested by the Agricultural Committee.
The opponents of the measure offered a
number of amendments, the principal one
of ¦which was designed to place renovata-i
butter on the same footing with oleomar
garine, but they were voted down. The
latter part of the day was devoted to t he
agricultural appropriation bill. ,
• Goldfogle'of New York in a personal ex
planation, supplementing the statements
of Creamer and Lessler yesterday, de
nied the charges that the New York dele
gates had been derelict in the matter of
pressing the New Tork postoffice -bill.
The Hause then resumed the considera
t'on of the Senate amendments to the
oleomargarine bill.
The opponents of the bill made a strong
effort to place renovated or process but
ter on the same footing with oleomarga
rine, but they were defeated by a two
thirds majority. -
At the . conclusion of the debate the
amendment was sent back to conference.
The House then went into committee of
the whole and took up the agricultural
appropriation bill. • It- was agreed that
there should be three hours' general de
bate upon each side.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— When Sena
tor Clark of Montana arrived at the Sen
ate Annex-in his automobile ;to T day he
¦was interviewed by two bicycle police
men, who had been following him. They
asserted that he had been exceeding the
speed limit of twelve miles an hour. The
Senator declared that he had not been
going more than ten miles »n hour. The
officers requested that the chauffeur ap
pear at the Police Court to-morrow, and
the Senator agreed to do so. He also Em
nounced that he had not intended to vio
late any regulations, but he did not in
tend to be subjected to any unnecessary
annoyance, and he would fight the case
to the end. • ¦ . :
cuse Him of Running His Au
tomobile Too Fast.
Washington Bicycle Policemen Ac-
SUMMON SENATOR CLARK
TO APPEAR BEFORE JUDGE
Conference.
Modifies Oleomargarine
Bill and Sends It to
It is the general opinion that the com
mittee's action will postpone considera
tion of the nomination by the Senate for
a considerable- time. -
The . Committee on Military Affairs de
sired delay. It to-day decided, to make
a more detailed investigation before tak
ing the matter up in the Senate, as Sen
ator Scott suggested it had been reported
that injustice had been done to General
Crozier in connection with his interest! in
the Bufflngton-Crozier. gun carriage. The
committee decided to make further in
vestigation, but without asking to have
the adverse report already matte by the
committee In General Crozier"s case with
drawn.. - •• ¦ . • ¦¦¦¦ ¦
All persons having knowledge of the
gun carriage, and especially the members
of the Board of Ordnance and Fortifica
tions, of which General Miles is president,
will.be summoned to give testimony. The
Senate adopted a resolution offered by
Senator Proctor, "directing the Secretary
of War to send to the Senate copies of
all ' official reports from artillery officers
in regard to the Bufflngton-Crozier dis
appearing gun carriage made either to
the War Department or -to -tho Board of
Ordnance and ' Fortifications."
; WASHINGTON, April - 24.— The Senate
failed to go into executive session to con
sider the nomination of General Crozier
to be chief of ordnance at the close of
routine business to-day, notwithstanding
a previous agreement to the effect that
this should be done.
HOUSE AGREES
TO AMENDMENTS
Senate Delays Action at
Request of Military
Committee.
CROZIER MUST
BIDE HIS TIME
PHILADELPHIA. April 24.— The fun
eral of Frank R. Stockton took place
to-day from his sister's home. Services
were held in St. Philip's Protestant Epis
copal Church. Hundreds viewed the body
and for several hours a sorrowful pro
cession composed of men of letters^
learned judges, financiers and business
men assembled at the bier. Among the
honorary pall-bearers were Samuel Clem
ens, Bushrod C. Washington of Charles
ton, W. Va.; E. C. S ted man, the poet;
James Mead Dodge, son of the editor of
St. Nicholas, of which Stockton was once
assistant editor; Charles Collins of New
York; J. Herbert Moore, the author; A;
B. Frost, the artist; Richard Watson
Gilder, editor of the Century Magazine;
Cyrus Elder of Johnstown. Pa., an offi
cer of the Cambria Iron Works; Major
James J. Carson of Washington; "Pro
fessor Louis J. Bevier, and Judge W. H.'
Ashman and James Mitchell of this city.
The services were conducted by the
Rev. L. W. Gravatt, Bishop coadjutor of
West Virginia.
of Interment.
Follow the Body to the Place
Sorrowful Procession of Noted Men
NOVELIST STOCKTON
IS BURIED WITH HONORS
An industrious seeker of the curious has
discovered that President Roosevelt is tha
first occupant of the White. House in
whose name the letter "a" does not ap- |
pear. / ¦ . .•
.The latest change slated is that in the
mission to Colombia. Charles B. Hart of
West Virginia, who is now in this coun
try "on a leave, of absence, is ¦ not ex
pected to return .to his post. . Dr. W.
Godfrey 'Hunter will also tender his res
ignation. In view of the number of can
didates for -diplomatic posts there is no
reason to believe there will bo a lack of
applicants for Guatemala and Colombia,
Buck, Minister to Japan, will remain
in Tokio only a short time longer and
will then retire. His successor has not
yet been selected. : ' :
The embassies which will have changes
in their personnel are those in Berlin,
Rome and London, and the missions will
be those to Spain, .China? Japan," Guate
mala. Colombia and possibly Argentine.
Until the resignations of Embassadors
White and Meyer are received nothing
will be done* about appointing their suc
cessors. Choate will remain as Embas
sador in London, and the changes in the
embassy in that city will be among his
subordinates. Henry White is slated to
succeed Meyer as Embassador to Italy.
Storer is slated for an embassy which
remains to be determined. H. Clay
Evans continues to be the only person
mentioned as Storer's successor in
Madrid..
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. April 24.— The reor
ganization of the diplomatic and consu
lar service of the United States is to be
comprehensive. In a short time changes
will be made in at least nine missions
and the men affected will' include not
only Ministers;; but secretaries as well.'
In addition there is to be a sweeping
but of the dead wood in the consular
service.
England, but Several Subordi
nates Will Be Removed.
Embassador Choate Will Remain in
CHANGES IN" DIPLOMATIC .
- ANI> CONSULAR SERVICE
The engines struck each other squarely,
one partially telescoping the other. Both
remained en the track, but the cars were
piled and smashed. The sheds ' were
broken down, merchandise was scatterej
in every direction, am.' men on the
two engines were Injured, but none fatai
ly or very seriously.
C. 31. Duggan. an engineer, had his left'
ear lacerated, and suffered a severe scalp>
wound. W. E. Wheeler, a fireman, hud
his leg scalded and cut to the bone Be
tween the knee and the ankle. D. Me
Cullougb. a brakeman. sustained an abra
sion on the rtghtarm and shoulder,, a
cut on the cheek and severe scalds on
the right arm and thigh. A. Farr. a fire
man, had his right knee bruised: G. D.
Campbe}!, a brakeman. his lip cut and
right thigh bruised, and Paul Walther,
an engineer, was cut on the forehead. &
C. Kirtney. who was passing coal on an
engine, was bruised on the chest.
The wreck" Is 'the worst alnce the bloelc
system has been in vogue. Engineer Pus- '
gan understood the block was clear, and
moved into the block, leaving Conductor
Nelson at Tunnel 13 waiting to get the
order.. The fact was flashed along the
line, and everywhere the collision was
helplessly awaited*. In the dark sheds the
approaching trains could not see each
other until they, were, almost together.
Engineer Duggan saw the engine just
about a car length away, and jumped to
save his life. His train jammed the ten
der into the cab. and It seemed almost '£
miracle the other three men on the en- v
gine were not instantly killed. The heavy
timbers fell from the top of the sheds,
striking the men and causing most of the
Injuries.
Fireman' Wheeler was -held fast in the
engine, and the timbers had to be chopped
from about him to release him. Tho
wrecking crews from here and Sacra
mento hurried to the wreck, and by hard
work had the track cleared In about
twelve hours. Drs. Shoemaker and Bry
ant from Truckee attended to the wound
ed men. and they were transferred be
yond the 'wreck and sent to Sacramento.
Among the passengers detained by tha
wreck to-day was a .man who imagined
the people on the train wanted to crucify
him. and claimed the wreck was a plot
In order to accomplish the purpose. He
saitf after having once undergone tl«»
suffering of a crucifixion he did not want
it repeated. He was taken in charge by
the authorities.
JHUCKEE, April 24. — A disastrous
head-on ct>ll'slcn occurred this forenoon
between tvo freight trains in the snow
sheds nine miles west. of here, between
Tunnel « and Lake View.
Special Dispatch to .The Call!
Three Persons Remain in a Cab Until
the Collision Occurs and Strange
ly Escape With Their
Lives.
and Seven Men Are
Injured.
Timbers Fall on the Wreck
The effects in the Eastern, or consuming
States, ¦ are : notable, and scarcely any part of
the union has be»>n unaffected by the conditions
produced by the scorching blight, which, origi
nating only in the arid region, blasted the
crops overman Important part of the country.
, T\fe who.are directly affected, by such mis
fortunes desire to earnestly second the en
deavor to remove the constant menace to pros
perity in such a- wide scope of territory and
ask for legislation to that end. •
The districts which compose the "arid- lands,"
by reason of ih<» intense dry, heat . there . pro
duced, and through .tlie; eastward move
ment of all atmospheric conditions across the
¦continent, are and always" -have been a men
ace to all that sxeet '-'agricultural country lying
to the east and northeast of the section in
-question, notably Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas,
Missouri, Illinois, Iowa, South Dakota, Indiana
and Ohio. The tremendous»losses' experienced
within the past twelve months by farmers, the
livestock Interests and merchants and common
carriers are freia in our minds — a veritable
calamity..;^. . . . ¦
-- The -.great- loss entailed through the partial
failure of the ecru crop and the enforced sub
stitution en a large scale of other grain to sup-
Ply the deficiency thereby caused, with wheat,
lye, oats,- etc.. has resulted in the curtailment
or : exports to suet an extent as to be not only
extraordinary, but in : some instances, as with
cjrn. «t>.tiitini:al.'. • ' .
WASHINGTON, April 24,— William H.
'Cfhadwick, chairman of the transporta
tion committee of the Board of Trade of
Chicago, has written a letter to Repre
sentative Newlanda of Nevada, the au
thor of ; the pending-irrigation bill, sug_
gestlng new reasons why t the measure
should be 'passed. He says:
Senator Money .swore to a warrant for
the arrest of James E. Hooper, a member
of the local fire department, who waa thfl
passenger that aided the conductor. Later
Senator Money preferred verbal charges
against Hooper before the Board of Com
missioners of the District of Columbia.
The Senator also wrote the president of
the traction company, demanding the im
mediate discharge of Conductor Shaner. .
The Senator was- not badly hurt, but
his trip to Baltimore was prevented. He,
however, proceeded with his customary
duties about the Capitol during the day
as if nothing unusual had occurred.
Later in the day the conductor, . who
proved to be O. H. Shaner, was arrested
on a' warrant sworn out by Senator
Money. Shaner says he did not strike the
Senator until the latter drew his knife
and that he did not make any effort to put
him off the car while it was in motion.
' After this proceeding 1 other persons
stepped between the two, but, \ notwith
standing their presence, the conductor,
who. was a very tall. man,. struck 3 him an
other* blow -over -the sfhoulder of a man
standing between them. This /blow was
struck with the conductor's bloody hand,
and it hit the Senator squarely on the
jaw. He was as a conseauence of this
blow covered with blood from the wounds
of the conductor, and this circumstance
was responsible for a rumor that the Sen-t
ator himself had been severely injured.
The Senator adds that there were three or
four policemen present, but that none of
them took any steps to prevent the alter
cation. He says also that both the con
ductor and the passenger who assisted
in his ejectment refused to give their
names. ¦
Policemen Do Not Fight.
The Senator says that when they first
undertook to eject him the car was in full
motion and he feels that if they had suc
ceeded at that time he would inevitably
have been badly hurt. The conductor and
his assistant did not, however, succeed in
their design until the car stopped at the
next corner to let off other passengers.
He says that both the conductor and the
passenger were very gruff and abusive in
their language and that after he had
reached the street the conductor hit him
a severe blow over the heart with his
clenched fist. -The blow, the Senator says,
was very painful, and in order to protect
himself he took a small pocket-knife from
his pocket and. opened it. This weapon
the conductor' grasped*' and in doing so
cut his hand so that it bled very freely.
The conductor replied that -the Senator
would have to produce a. ticket or pay his
fare, whereupon the Senator jtold him that
he had paid one fare and being entitled to
a transfer, which he had asked for, but
had not. received, he would not pay an
other. Thereupon the conductor told him
that if he would not pay his fare he would
put him off the car and immediately pro
ceeded to carry his threat into execution.
This the .Senator resisted by grasping an
upright post and engaged in a struggle
with the conductor, who was not mak
ing much headway, when a passenger,
who had been sitting next to Senator
Money, volunteered to assist the conduc
tor. ,By their combined strength they con
trived to break the Senator's hold upon
the post and force him from the car.
Conductor Strikes First Blow.
WASHINGTON, April/ 24.-Senator H.
D. Money of Mississippi had "an alterca
tion with a conductor on a streetcar this
morning, which resulted in the Senator's
.receiving two severe blows from the con
ductor and the, conductor being cut quite
severely on the -right hand with a knife.'
As Senator; Money relates the circum
stances, he was riding .from his home. to
the Baltimore and Ohio depot to take the
9 o'clock train on that road for Baltimore,
where he goes frequently for medical
treatment for his eyes. • He had taken a
car on the Fourteenth-street branch of
the Capital Traction line and had
chanced, to board a car which 'stopped at
the Peace Monument, half a dozen blocks
short of his destination. "He had failed
to notice . this circumstance until the car
began to turn around the monument. The
car bound for the depot was immediately
behind the car on which he was seated.
The Senator says that he had only three
or four minutes .in .which, to make his
train, but that after he discovered " he
was on : the .wrong ,car he called to the
conductor and asked him for a transfer
ticket to the car bound for the depot. He
does not recall • what the conductor re
plied, but failing to receive the ticket and
recognizing: that he had no time. to lose,
he Jumped ' from the car he was on and
boardea the other. He had no! sooner
taken his seat, he says, than the con
ductor of that car approached him and
asked him* for his ticKet. He then told
the conductor, that he had not had time to
secure a transfer and reminded him that
he, the conductor, had been a witness to
circumstances of his change from one car
to the other. "
Measure.
Chicago Merchants Second
Efforts of Friends of
Engines and Cars Crash
•on a Dark Mountain
Track.
Says He Drew the Weapon
After the. Railroad '. Man
Struck Him.
Uses His . Pocket-Knife
During Quarrel on
a Streetcar.
, Be Passed.
Many Reasons Are Ad
vanced Why It Should
SENATOR MONEY
CUTS CONDUCTOR
TRAIN PILES
UPON TRAIN
IN SNOWSHED
IRRIGATION BILL
MEETS APPROVAL
FLOWERFUL SAN RAFAEL
PL ANS A GALA FESTIVAL
Marin -County's Pretty Metropolis Will Be
the Scene of a Brilliant Street Carnival
.and a Splendid Fourth of July Celebration
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1902.
2
ATTENTION,
VOTERS!
Register at Once.
AH citizens must register to
vote, at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30,3. m.: to 5
p. m., and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to^.
By order of the Board of Elec-'
tio'n Commissioners. \ :
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.
O p '¦ ' : — ' , . -r
«jui «IfB»tar» la on every box of the genome I
Laxative Bromo-Quinine™^
\satt res*d/ ihaX tmxtm m coM In <»• <Ug& ¦
( San Francisco, Friday, 23 April, 1902.
A godd table, $2.50
This is the strongest and best looking little
table for the money that we have ever seen. The.
top measures 24 by 24 inches and has a curved ...
edge. We have it both in golden oak. and in
mahoganized birch at $2.50. Same table with
brass feet, $3.00.
- : The new upholstered parlor furniture that we
have been waiting for so long and so anxiously
is coming on the fourth floor now. Every piece
is worth seeing.
Bolster rolls. Round pasteboard bolsters,
double or three-quarter size, $2.00. Round
excelsior filled bolsters, blue and white tick-
double' size, $2.50; three-quarter, $2.25; single.
$2.00. ggg
Pillow sham holders- — good ones^ — 50 cents,
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
\ •¦ 957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
DR. 'KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
To Prove What Swamp=Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Will Do
for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample
• Bottle Sent Free by Mail. v v
: ; £ . ; " —' ' : ;, iili!
Weakvand unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sick-
ness and', suffering- than any other disease, therefore, when
through neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to
Continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
. . Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys
most, because they do most and need attention first. . .
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other or-
gans to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and immediate effect of Dr. poor digestion, when obliged to pass
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney your water frequently night and day,
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It smarting or irritation in passing, brick-
Etands the highest for its wonderful cures dust or sediment in the -urine, headache,
of the most -distressing 'cases. Swamp- backache, lame back, dizziness,. sleep-
Root will set your- whole -system right, lessness, nervousness; heart disturbance
ana the best proof pf this is a" trial. due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
' ii iviii iiTth st " vow vork Citv tions from bad blood, neuralgia, rheu-
r*. C( M - £U L m L matiem. diabetes, bloating, irritability.
. r !i. ~ « Oct. 15th. 1OO0. wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
t^bl^ LT^Kf werT^Xn^y °f flesh, sallow complexion, or Brighfs
K3£ Sre^SS *%£*#£ ZV l£2& C^ur - at r- whe ? all0wed h t o ° t Jf m for
capacity was g\\lng out. and often I wished undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
to die. It was then I saw an advertisement of twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
ycurs in a New Tork paper, but would not settling or has a cloudy appearance, it is
hav* paid any attention to it had it not prom- evidence- that your kidneys and bladder
ined a sworn guarantee with every bottle of need immediate attention,
your medicine asserting that your Swamp-Root Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
is purely vegetable and does not contain any Dr Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
harmful drugs. I am seventy years and four At , r Knpr ioHct Ho<snital> use it with won-
months eld, and with a good conscience I can 5f r f f,? eCla .'|;' fi »?„?£ eii^ht ami «pvpt-p
recommend swamp-Root to all sufferers from <Jetful success in both slight and .severe
kidney troubles. Four members of my family cases: Doctors recommend it to their
neve been using Swamp-Root for four different patients and use It in their own famines,
kidney diseases, with the same good results." because they recognize in Swamp-Root
With many thanks to you, I remain, ¦ the greatest and most successful remedy.
Very truly yours. Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
ROBERT BERKER. for SSlle the wor ld- over at druggists in
Tou may have a sample bottle of this bottles of two sizes and two prices— fifty
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, cents and one dollar. Remember the
sent free by mail, postpaid, by which you name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
may test its" virtues for such disorders as Root, and the address, Binghamton. N.
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases. T.,,on every bottle,
EDITOBIAL NOTICE— If vou have the slightest symptoms of kidney or
bladder trouble, or If there Is a trace of it In your family history, send at once
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y. f who will gladly send you by mail,
immediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women cured. In writing, be sure to say that you read .
this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.COMMANDER OF AMERICAN
FORCES IN , : : PHILIPPINES
AND UTAH SENATOR. i
NEW YORK, April 24.— One of the lead-
Ing spirits In the international shipping
combination, organized by J. P. Morgan,
to-day authorized a denial of the reports
that pressure Is being brought to bear to
force the Campanie Generate Trans-At
lantlque into the combination. It Is- ad
mitted that negotiations have occurred
between Morgan and representatives of
the French company, but they have not
advanced to that stage where they can be
publicly discussed. It has been suggested
that the new combine will enter Into re
lations with the Pacific steamship lines
controlled by J. J. Hill, tnus effecting a
world-wide "community of steamship.in
terests," with resultant Increase of busi
ness to the transcontinental, railroad lines.
Such suggestions are said to be prema
ture, but it Is weir known that the Mor
gan and Hill, interests in the steamship
business, no less than In several railroad
communities, are. practically Identical.
There is no thought. at this time of tak
ing any of the coastwise- lines into the
Morgan combination, although it Is point
ed out that several such lines running. to
Mexico, Central and South American
points offer great possibilities in the. way
of increased business. . • : -¦¦ , .
OSKALOOSA, la.. April 24. — Fremont, flt
teen miles southweBt ot here, was visited by
a disastrous flre to-day that destroyed three
fourths of the business part of this town. ¦ Tlic
total lots will. reach $.55,000; insurance, about
$15,000. . The flre Is thought to have been of
incendiary oriein. ,
London should cease to give facilities to
Elder. Demystcr & Co. . ¦ ¦. ¦
PANAMA, April 24. — An American who
has Just arrived here from David via
Bocas del Toro confirms the previous re
ports that the ex-clvll and military chief
of the revolution, Belarlzario Porras, Sec
retary Mendoza and General Ramirez
have been made prisoners by the revolu
tlpnary general, Herrera, for insubordina
tion. ¦•'. ; ' -:. "•.:¦; l ¦-:
Discord Among Rebels.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 24.— On ac
count of the uneasiness caused here by
Italy's attitude with .reference to Tripoli
the Porte has directed to garrison the
Island of Bomba, off the coast of Tripoli,
and the port of Tebruk, Tripoli, A mil
itary commission is drawing up plans. for
the general defense - of the Tripolltan
coast. . .
To Defend Coast of Tripoli.
EL PASO, Tex., April 24.— Andreas Go
mez, one of the wealthiest ranchmen of
Mexico, arrived .here to-day in pursuit
of"' his . fifteen-year-old son, who de
camped with $5001) In cash and started out
with a companion to see the world.. The
boys were successfully traced to Torreon.
Chihuahua and . Juarez. In each place
they lived like princes and spent money
with, a lavish hand. At Torreon they
parted with more than $1000, but reached
this city with ample funds left.
They have not yet been found. Gomez
declare's he" cares nothing about the
money If he can overtake his son.
Fortune and Starts Out to See
the World.
Young Lad Decamps With Small
MEXICAN RANCHER IN ..
PURSUIT : . OF ERRING. SON
SALONICA. Roumanla, Sunday, April
20.— All the suspects arrested In connection
with 'the kidnaping of Miss Stone, the
American missionary, have been released.
This action followed a memorial address
ed by the Christian inhabitants of DJum
albala to the Sultan, asserting- their loy
alty, begging the authorities ' to take
measures to suppress . and as
serting that the Christians of Macedonia
are heartily -.tired of .revolutionary 'tur
moil. .The memorial.swas -hailed with sat
isfaction "by-» the ' Port*' and 'the- releases
and. military :; 'precautions for the protec
tion of the Christians 'followed/ as "evi
dence of the- Sultan's good will. .' ¦;
Miss Stone Are Given Their
Freedom. , '
Men • Arrested for the Kidnaping . of
SULTA2T ORDERS RELEASE
OP ALL OF THE SUSPECTS
ROME, April 24.— The , Pope received
20,000 pilgrims at St. Peter's this morn
ing. His Holiness seemed to be- in per
fect health, and thanked the^ pilgrims t tir
their loyalty to the papacy. " He was ac
corded a warm ovation.
There Is considerable mystification at
the Vatican regarding the reported
United States mission to be appointed to
discuss the taking over, of lands • of the
religious orders in the Philippines. No
one here seems . to know when . the mis
sion may be expected,* but it is under
stood that the Bishop of Sioux Falls, the
Right Rev. Thomas O'Gorman, Is pre
paring the ground for it. The Pope, it
is said, is desirous of receiving the mis
sion privately.' .
Papacy.
for Their Loyalty to th«
His Holiness Warmly Thanks Them
THOUSANDS OF PILGBIMS
PAY RESPECT TO THE POP S
Becerril and Aguilar were riding . their
mules, laden .with the product of their
bakery, between the towns of Tlalosam
and Coyoacan, when .they, -were attacked
by robbers, just as they were crossing
the foothills of Zacatepec. It was dusK
when the brigands opened flre on the
mule drivers. .At the first volley Becerril
fell from his mount, with a bullet wound'
In hla temple. The mules took fright and
ran, but were Intercepted by the desper
adoes, who numbered four. The robbers
secured $53, their victims' mules and the
freight. Aguilar escaped In the gloom
and reached Tlalosam and told of • the
robbery. 'Mounted gendarmes were dis
patched to the scene of the crime. In
the meantime Becerril, despite the fact
that he was wounded, was tied to a tree
and tortured : by , the brigands, who left
him there to die of., hunger , and thirst.
A cave, the entrance of which was strongr
ly fortified, was^ discovered near the scene
of the robbery. In this cavern were ar
ticles- of and cooking utensils.
The outlaws have not. been apprehended.
x Special Dispatch to The Call,
EL PASO, Tex., April 21— News comes
from the Interior of Mexico. that Nicolas
Becerril and Silvarlo Aguilar, two/'pana
deros" of the. pueblo of Contreras, were
attacked on the highway by outlaws and
robbed of their mules and freight. Becer
ril was afterward . tied to.a tree and
cruelly tortured, as in the medieval days
of brigandage. . : . .,:
Daring Crime Is Committed
on a Public Highway.
- in Mexico.
Fasten Wounded Man
to Tree and Leave
Him to 7 Perish. <:
CRUEL ROBBERS
TORTURE VICTIM
XEW YOHK, "April 2*.— The National City
Bank of Xew York recommended to-day an
Increase of. the bank's capita! stock from $10.
000,000 to ?25. 00O.00O. The new stock. !& 130.-
OOO shares, wilt be offered to the shareholder*
at $13«. This will provide an additional sur
plus of |7,6«X».00O arnd-wIlT' increase Ue frank' »
surplus to $13,000,000.
had considerably improved. No bulletin
of his condition will be issued until 9:3a
a. m." .
•rv v EW;TORKl April 24.— Archbishop
' |\L; K Michael Augustine ;. Corrigan is
I seriously 111 at the archeplscopal-
A Al * palace in Madison avenue. • At a
late hour . to-night Dr.". Francis
Delafleld.one of the attending physicians,
said S that,: the .Archbishop's temperature
was, 102,; that his; malady,' was pneumonia,
of an; extreme type and that: his condi
tion was serious, but not dangerous.
The: Archbishop's a g e j a 63 y ear s.
NEW -YORK. -April 2S.-At 1- o'clock this
morning; the, condition of the Archbishop
Dr. Edward L. Keys, the Archbishop's
regular physician, was called by the
Archbishop's, secretary this afternoon.
He found. the Archbishop suffering with a
congestion; of , the righi lung- and with
symptoms ¦ of ¦ pneumonia. He at onc<»
called in Dr. Delafield. and up to a late
hour their, attendance on -the Archbishop
was. almost constant. '.-*• -
REDDING, April 24.-^A deal was com
pleted'.in Redding; to-day wherein the
Great Western Gold Company of St. Louis
secured' the Liberty group of copper
mines In * the Flat Creek district. The
property. Includes 900 acres, and extends
from Copley, on the . Southern Pa
ciac Railroad.. to within amile .of the
mountain line. The company announces
that work on an installment ofthelOO
tor. smelter at Copley will be commenced
immediately.'
Shasta Copper Mines Are Sold.
ARGHBISHOP CORRIGAN SUFFERS
FROM AN ATTACK OF PNEUMONIA
China will undoubtedly accept the
terms, unless she is able to obtain suf
ficient support from the foreign «Govern
ments to enable her to resist the pressure
of those nations which approve the agree
ment. Singly, the objection of the United
States would be unavailing, especially In
view of the fact that it has had no par
ticipation whatever in the negotiations of
which the agreement is the result.
The Chinese are authorized to have but
one man of war at Taku and. are pro
hibited from placing mines or torpedoes in
Pel ho River.
As drafted by the military officers, the
agreement makes provision for the perm
anent occupation of- points in North
China.. Two' places are ¦ named for the
use of foreign troops in the summer sea
son. The Chinese are not allowed to
maintain a garrison In Tientsin nor to
send troops into that city to suppress riots
or other disorders. ' The foreign soldiers
are allowed to freely pass through the
city and their arrest by. Chinese is for
bidden. ,
All of the powers with the exception of
Germany were willing to evacuate the
native city. In reply to recent interna
tional Inquiries. Germany indicated her
purpose to retain a garrison at Tientsin.
Her military agent at that point, how
ever, is a party to the agreement drafted
by the foreign commanders and it Is not
considered likely that he signed the docu
ment without' instructions from Berlin.
As the agreement must be approved by
the diplomatic representatives of the pow
ers in Peking and as the German Minister
is absent, it is not certain that it will be
finally adopted.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W. t - WASHINGTON," April 24.-Promlse
of the evacuation of Tientsin, China, has
at last been, made by the foreign powers
having troops stationed in that city. The
commanders of the military forces at that
point have, according to advices received
fn Washington, signed an agreement set
ting forth the terms upon which they will
withdraw. These terms are so onerous
in character that, the United States may
deem It advisable to enter a strong pro
test against their acceptance. The pow
ers represented in Tientsin are Great
Britain. Germany, France, Austria, Italy
and Japan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The - Dally Express declares tlte ship
ping combination tis trying to coerce Can
ada Into accepting its terms andicondi- ;
tlons as^to emigration rates and' traffic
and- that if resistance Is made the com
bination will buy up the, Canadian Pacific
Railway .and declare a, commercial war
It ' is the intention of . the / combination '
says thp ' Express, to . demand .that , the
Canadian Emigration Department in
LONDON, April 24.-In the House of
Commons to-day the Secretary of the Ad
miralty, Hugh O.-A. Reynold-Forester,
replying to a question, said the Admiralty
was considering the whole matter of ship
subsidies with the view of defining the
rights of the Admiralty in the event of
contingenices arising, such as the sug
gested shipping combine. When the pres.
ent form of agreement was settled upon
no trade combinations under. foreign con
trol were contemplated, but the Admiralty
had ' appointed a "committee to consider
and report on the purpose and form of fu
ture subsidy agreements. The Admiralty,
meanwhile, had- made arrangements with
the White Star Line, which preclude the
possibility of any of their armed cruis
ers or merchant steamers being trans
ferred to a foreign nag without the con
sent of the Admiralty during the unex
pired portion of the Admiralty agree
ments. Important legal points were in
volved, including the question whether, in
the event of war, there was anything to
prevent the companies from substituting
a foreign for the British flasr at short
notice and whether the Admiralty has the
means of enforcing its right of pre-emp
tion or hire In such case; or if by aban
doning ¦• the subvention the. companies
could claim that the right of pre-emption
ceased. All such points would be care
fully considered and the 'Admiralty's
rights would be ascertained.
It was said this afternoon that the
present uncertain position of the Cunard
and other steamship companies In stand
ing out from the Atlantic combination was
to some extent due ; to the action of the
Admiralty, as outlined by Amold-For
ester in theiHouse of Commons to-day
Tho Daily 'Mail affirms, that the agree
ment of the Atlantic shipping, combina
tion' contains secret clauses to. the effect
that the American promoters of the con
cern-intend to asik ¦ Congress to pass a
new. shipping bill permitting foreign-built
vessels to be brought under the American
flag. ¦ The adhesion of ; the Cunard line is
practically certain, continues the- Dally
Mail, and the - corporation will be : formed
mainly with American capital. It will
take over entire the British shipping com
panies. Those companies refusing to ioin
the combination will be compelled to fight
for their existence. For the three or four
years .that the present admiralty con
tracts have to run. the paper, adds, the
vessels will remain ;' under the ¦ British
flag. At the expiration of this time all
will pass under the American flag and be
owned and run by ¦ the. above-mentioned
corporation, which . will eventually en
deavor, to carry its competition to every
portion >of .the globe. - ... . ¦¦*¦•
British Admiralty Looks
After the Subsidy
Agreements. .
Settle Terms on Which
They Will Evacuate
Tientsin.
WATCHES MOVES
OF NEW COMBINE
Bmbassador Tower Says
Reports From Russia
Are Exaggerated.
I>ON"DON, April 24.— Charlemagne Tow
er, United States Embassador to Russia,
has arrived in London. 'on his way to the
United States. He -will sail for New York
on the American Line steamer St. Paul
May 3. will go direct to Washington and
see* President Roosevelt and- will return
to* St. Petersburg 1 after a short stay In
Philadelphia. Embassador Tower said to
a press representative:
I cannot discuss the reports of disturbances
In Russia and the changes of the Ministry.
Jjcwever, you can eay this, that the reports
reachinic Borland are generally much exagger
ated. This criticism does not apply to all the
•ilspatches from St. , Petersburg. • which, I be
lieve, have done much to explain to America
the true conditions in Russia. One reads here
of s&vaire charges of Cossacks upon unprotected
mob*, on whom they Inflict knocking:* and other
hardships. How mistaken Is that Impression I
know from experience. A short time ago I got
In a crowd on whom the Cossacks charged.
They cam* riding down not very fast, with
ewords not drawn, with only email riding whips
In their hands and shouting: "Please pass on!"
I saw not a elngle trace of brutality. No one
was hurt. In our country I have seen police
who had not the same consideration for more
excited crowds a* those Cossacks, who are al
ways portrayed e« eo fierce. No cavalry could
have handled a mob more gently.
Tower will be presented to King Edward
prior to his departure for America." ¦ .
KARCOXIE, Mo.. April 24.— The business
portion of Sarcoxle vn* wiped out by flre la*t
Right. Fifteen businen houses were destroyed,
a loss of $100,000. The ruests of
th» Sarcoxle and Gait bouses escaped In their
r.'.cht clothes. The flre was of unknown
origin.
eral Jacob H. Smith on the charge of con
duct prejudicial to good order and disci
pline will assemble to-morrow.
The cholera record up to date is as fol
lows: In Manila there have been 487 cases
and 3S5 deaths, while the provinces report
1217 cases and 847 deaths.
FOREIGN POWERS
SIGN AGREEMENT
nila To-Day.
MANILA. April 24.— The court-martial,
which tried Major Waller and Lieutenant
Day of the Marine Corps on charges of
executing natives of the island of . Samar
without trial, reconvened to-day on orders
received from Washington to revise cer
tain portions of the records. •
The court-martial appointed to try Gen-
PKEPABE TO THY SMITH.
Court-Martial Will Assemble at Ma-
SAYS COSSACKS
ARE NOT CRUEL
"Sergeant Brown, honorably discharged
after full service, from Company G, Sec
ond Regiment, in which my son. First
Li€ut<mant McCook Is an officer." says
Mr. McCook. "visited me this week. His
company was stationed . in . the ,Tayabas
province, and he said he had never seen"
th^ watcrcure practiced, or any other
methods of torture. I asked him what
v.as the physical standing of a youth of
ten years in the Philippine'. His answer
v.as that a ten-year-old lad would about
rate -with a fifteen -year-old boy here. He
further informed me that boys of -that
age and up to twelve could bear arms
greatly to the disadvantage of their op
ponents; that he ha.d seen youths of that
age or two or three years older among
the insurrectos and ladrones captured,
end he further stated that sometimes
there Trould be a considerable proportion
"WASHINGTON. April 24.— Adjutant-
General Corbin has received a letter from
H. C. McCook of Philadelphia in regard
to the reported orders of General Smith
to destroy all Filipinos found In arms
ten years of age and upward.
Years" Means.
Letter Explaining What "Over Ten
DEFENDS GENERAL SMITH. .
Capture of a Sultan's -Fort Has a
> Salutary Effect.
MANILA, April 24.— Lieutenant Colonel
Frank D. j Baldwin, who . is operating
against the Moros on tne island of Minda
nao, telegraphs that the capture of Sul
tan Paulos" fort has had a most salutary
efTect, The Dattos are submitting. White
flags are taking the place of the red bat
tle flags. The Sultan of Annudtbak urges
that time be given him in which to give
up the assassins of the American soldiers
and says that the advance of the Amer
icans will mean "bristling cannon and
Impassable barriers, with God judging the
right.".
Colonel Baldwin has received orders to
suspend operations against the Dattos.
General George W. Davis. In command
at Zamboangtu . island of Mindanao, be
lieves that he majority of. the Dattos are
friendly and that they have not had time
to co-operate. He thinks their alarm mar
cease and that practically a bloodless vic
tory has been achieved. .
DATTOS ABE SUBMITTING.
of such boys In the hostile ranks, as rep
resented by those wh'o surrendered and
who were taken prisoners.
"Of course. It is most shocking 1 to, our
Ideas of what Is allowable under
the extremest exigencies of warfare to
think of children of ten or twelve years
of age as being subject to the severities
administered to their seniors. Yet it oc
curred to me that the above facts, if they
be as stated, may put a somewhat differ
ent color upon the reputed order of Gen
eral Smith." • •
In the course of an eloquent and Impas
sioned peroration, Rawlins declared that
if the United States Government should
continue in the enforcement of its pres
ent policy in the Philippines it wouid
reap a whirlwind of misfortunes and dis
asters. . . .
Rawlins sharply criticized General Chaf
fer, and - denounced him as a "dastardly
villain, who had brought dishonor upon
the American name and the American
people." He attacked the administration
for referring to the army in the Philip
pines for investigation the charges
against the military authorities in the
islands made by Provincial Governor
Gardner. He declared that no proper in
vestigation could or •would be conducted
by the army, which was the object of the
criticism.
The purpose was. said Rawlins, "that
the soldiers were left to practice with im
punity and without disapproval inhuman
conduct. This is the only Intelligent and
reasonable Interpretation that'ean be put
upon it. That was the meaning ascribed
to It by the subordinate commanders, who
practiced the most inhuman conduct thaj
the mind of man can conceive."
"It strikes me." suggested Carmack.
"that General Chaffee should have said.
'I forbid inhuman conduct.' "
The explanation of General MacArthur
was not satisfactory, in the opinion of
Rawlins. The Senator's explanation was.
"Our troops are directed not to encum
ber themselves with prisoners and not to
burden themselves wan the wounded.
The Filipinos were swept from the face
of the earth. This was in explanation of
the programme to make of the Island a
howling: wilderness and to exterminate
all people over the agre of 10 years."
Rawlins quoted at length the orders is
sued by general officers inf the Philip
pines. He was interrupted by Carmack
of Tennessee, who directed particular at
tention to this phrase In one of General
Chaff ce"s orders: "I do not urge Inhu
man conduct."
Rawlins began by quoting: from the tes
timony of General Mac Arthur before the
Committee on Philippines in accounting
for the disproportion in killed and wound
ed among Filipinos. General MacArthurs
expjanation was. "It arises from the fact
that our soldiers are tranied in target
practice how to shoot. The Philippine
soldiers d« not know how to shoot."
tion to the Philippine Govern
ment bill. As on previous days he de
voted much of his time to-day to a con
sideration of the testimony taken before
the Philippine committee. He analyzed
the testimony in connection with the or
ders issued by the War Department and
by general officers in the Philippines. He
vras particularly severe In his denuncia
tion of General Chaffee for the orders he
had issued in carrying: out the policy of
the Government. He Cec:ared, in conclu
sion, that the United States would reap a
whirlwind of misfortune and disaster as
a result of Its policy In the Philippine Isl
ands.
WASHINGTON. April 24. - Just
before the Senate adjourned
to-day Rawlins of Utah con
cluded his speech In opposi-
Utah Senator Makes a Sensational Speech in Opposition to the Philip
pine Government Bill and Predicts a Whirlwind of' Misfortunes
and Disasters to Uncle Sam Uniess There Is a Speedy Reform
RAWLINS DECLARES THAT GENERAL
CHAFFEE IS A "DASTARDLY VILLAIN"
THE SAN
3
NEW. ADVERTISEMENTS.
The E«al Cause of. Dandruff and
Baldness. '
At one time dandmff.was attributed to
be the result of a, feverish condition of
the scalp, -which threw off the dried cuti-
cle' In scales. .. . . . .,
Professor Unna, Hamburg:, Germany,
noted authority on skin diseases, explodes
this' theory, and says that dandruff is a
germ' disease. 1 • '; > .,'
,Thls Kerm'. is really,, responsible, 'for the
dandijuff.and'for so many bald heads. It
can; be cured if ;lt is gono about- In -the
right way., The right way. of course,' and
the only way,* Is 'to kill: the "gbrm.
Newbro's .: Herplcide *,- does this, and
causes -the ; hair ;to:grow .luxuriantly," juat
as nature Intended it should.-. .
iV...;;;^::^ } : _:.' _ n V'' r ¦ nr ;-;^ r '-- i nnr^ .!;: : :^y EBT^ E1CTNTS -' ¦'•''- .'. . ' ,"'" "'..I.'.'. ; • -¦
I i\ ¦' All » ' t ffli 11/ I ll I'M 1 M * * "•»
¦ 'm. 19**P AV/L ¦ ml f I li li (m Ik AS
it iff a /// '/ €€* §1 1 § 1 1 rf / M ' #». t*t* IV i 0
kw* * t Jnlfiflfm W " ¦ I --.
. I "• *' wit /% gf* twits ¦ - mXSilll Him yn f w VI
I • i Ifiii Vfi ft * * fvjJ ¦ // M\ \ i I j
& 5\i i t j|fi
We place bn special sale to-
day, 562 sailor suits of our own
make which have just come in.
They come in bright Spring
patterns and good durable i
materials; ages 3 to 10 years. j
To introduce our own make
of these novelties and to show
what a "maker to wearer" price
means, the suits will be sold for
The usual price of suits as
good as these is $5.00.
This is wilhout y* t .^ '.m '"/^rV.-'^W ' ; m*^*^' Out-of-town, or-
doubt' the best A&& •#%]•%/&/ 1 H g 11 | If M £\ ' ders filled for these
value for the money V^J / "W W V>^ fL_M \ji) § I f* sailor suits. Men-
we ever offered in M.' ¦ w w-» • - - '"^^y-"^ m"^ ** on a S e of your
boys' clothng. • Q : M , , «.'-•. /' ooy#
¦ ¦ 718 Market Street -
EXHAUSTION
When you are all tired out,
feel weak, sleep does not rest
you, and your appetite Is
poor,
Hor*sfbrd'*s i
Acid
PKospKaLte
¦vrill revive your strength, in-
duce natural sleep, improve ¦
appetite, and restore nerve
po-vrer. , It strengthens the
entire evstem, curing the
causes of Headache, Indiges-
tion and. Debility.GARS ON GEARY-STREET LINE
TO RUN AGAIN THIS MORNING
Continued From Page One.
STIRRING SCENJES WITNESSED DAILY ON MARKET^ STREET.
RAILWAY OFFICIALS ARE STILL CONSIDERING
DEMANDS AND AN ANSWER IS EXPECTED TO-DAY
Continued From Page One.
I Neyr, Incorporations. ¦'
•vThe-Bernice Borax and.S.oda Company
Struck : Officer With -.Whip.
\ Frank ; Schrick, the driver of a passen
ger . wagon, was arrested, yesterday" on
Market street ;by Police .Officers VTuite
and W. H. Young on a charge of battery
on an officer. . Schrick , was driving out
Market ¦ street with . a load of passengers,
and when ' ordered to . slow down . struck
Officer Tuite. it is alleged, across the- face
with' his .whip. •.-;.••.:
Cathedral Council Outinir.
The members of Cathedral Council
No. 59. Young Men's Institute, will give a
Mayday outing on Thursday in the Santa
Cruz Mountains at Glenwood. The com
mittee in charge of the affair has com
pleted all the arrangements and a most
enjoyable time is anticipated. Dancing
will be a special feature, and as the red
woods are best at this time of the year
the : excursionists will no doubt have a
splendid time. The young- men in charsra
of the outing are O. F. McCarthy, chair
man: F. E. Farneer. Joseph Redmor.i\
P. Y. Gomez. W. A. Kelly. A. W. Dol
lard, L. A. Kelly, J. Johnson." <%arle«
McCarthy and Joseph McCuska.
¦K. ¦ H. .. Harrlman," president .; of ; the
Southern , Pacific ; Company, | was present
ed yesterday In the Palace Hotel with' a
handsome engraved silver i invitation '.v to
the Street Fair, at- SacramGhto: ; The pre
sentation was - made by ' H." A.' French on
behalf of the Street, Fair Club of Sacra
mento. -President Harrlman accepted -the
Invitation to , visit ¦ the '¦¦ Street HFair. He
Will spend -one day In Sacramento and
while there will -he. the guest of t the
Chamber ; of • Commerce, . which r will hold
a 'reception, in his honor. ,
.Harrimari Will Visit Sacramento.
SICK SOLDIERS ENJOY
AN EXCELLENT CONCERT
One of the largest and most apprecia
tive audiences that ever assembled in the
Recreation : Hall ; I of the United States
Army .Hospital, was that which
attended the, weekly. concert last Wednes
day'evening." : It. was given -under the
auspices of W.S. Sutton and proved a
big . success. The following programme
was rendered: . :
¦ Piano' duet, "Jubel Overture" (C. : M. von
Weber). Misses 1., Grass and A. Webb; recita
tion. ."The .Twilight .Idyl 1 '. (Burdette), Emily
Webb-Glesy; soprano solo, "A Rose in Heavon'"
(L. ¦ Trotere), ¦ Miss Mabel Anderson; piano duet;
"Battle March of the-Priests," from "Athalla"
(Mendelssohn 1 ).' Misses I.' Grass and r A: Webb;
recitation, "The - Ghost" (anonymous),' Emily
Webt-Giesy; soprano solo, j t'Dally' QupjHion"
(Erik-Meyer ¦¦ Helmund). -. Miss r < Mabel Anderson:
toy. symphony, 1 in four movements (B. Romberjj,
Op.',U2) — (1) Allegro . Maestoso. (2) Tempo-.de
Minuetto.' (3) Adagio' Lamentabile, (4) .Rondo;
Miss Marion 'Brooks.' drum; JIlss Ethel Bum—
baugh, . MIbs Clara Goettsching,- trumpets; Miss
Edna' King, triangle: Miss Maud Simons, night
ingale ;• Miss Alta . Webb, cuckoo :• Miss: Bertha
Wilson,' quail: 'Miss ' Emily Truscott,' rattle;
Miss Grass, piano .
Case for the Dsfense.Is Closed and
Arguments of Counsel. Com-'
• . . menced. • ', >
The trial of John T. Rlley. charged with
the murder, of Otto Ekbert, a non-union
teamster on Townsend street, between
Third and Fourth, on the evening of No
vember 9, was- continued before a jury in
Judge Cook's court yesterday. The case
will be given' to the jury this morning.
A number of witnesses were examined
for the defense . yesterday : to prove an
alibi. The defendant testified that about
4:30 o'clock in the afternoon he callen" at
the office of Nolan, Jones & Manning and
saw Jones ;• about going to a Job at Bel
mont the following day. He left there
about 5 o clock and walked to First and
Market streets, where he remained for a
few minutes. Then he walked to Kearny
street, where he passed Mrs. M. T Estes
his landlady, to- whom he bowed He
walked along till he reached the Thurlow
Block : and went in there and bought a
watch for S2 33. After that he went to
512 street. and was smoking opium
at the time Ekbert: was murdered. Four
witnesses testified to having been smok
ing opium with Jhe defendant at the time
he alleged and Mrs. Estes testified to hav-
Ing.bowed to him on Kearny street
Detectives T. B. Gibson and Hamlll
were called in rebuttal and Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Greany made the opening
argument. ; He was followed by. Attorney
Barrett for the defendant. Greany will
make the closing argument; this morning.
The fifteenth exhibition of the work o!
the members of the Sketch Club and. As
sociation of Allied Arts haa opened,.: at
Its . clubhouse. 130$ California street.
There . are a number of portraits,
sketches in black and white. ,and
a few landscapes. The portraits of Mrs
Woraaer* and . Olga Ackerman are espe
cially good, and the landscape works of
Bertha Stringer Lee and Anna Frances
Briggs are of the best. Pictures by A R
Wheelan. Miss Bremer. Maren- Froe
llch. Sophie Brennan, Stella Austin Miss
McElroy. Miss Lillle O'Ryan. Miss Marie
Oge. Caroline Rlxford. Miss Downing.
Mary Budley, Josephine Eckler and
Mrs. : Alice Best are tq be seen
at the exhibition, and many of them are
cleverly executed. The exhibition will be
open to the public every day from ID a m
to 5 p. m. from April 24 to April 30. Sun
day included. ¦VUR - ¦
Sketch Club Exhibits Are Good.
British Consul , General Is Guest "of
Honor and Pleasing Pro
gramme Is Enjoyed.
! The ; American-British Rifles gave a
i-n,ost entertaining "smoker" lasf, evening
at 103 O'Farrell* street,: the proceeds be
ing devoted to the fund 'for the " i:ew
armory equipment.
There was a large attendance of mem
ters of the military company and. their
friends, the British Consul General, Hon-
Courtenay Bennett, being the guest of
honor. - • V
;. Captain C. E. Peacock, late of trie As
tpr Battery, presided, and a pleasing pro
gramme . was presented. Major Dr. F.
W. d'Evelyn entertainingly explained a
series of stereoptlcon^vlews of the Trans
vaal, and* a spirited sword .andbayoret
contest was given by Sergeant Major
Adam Ross and Private Fischer. Musi
cal selections' were rendered by the Mis
sion band,, and vocal numbers and spe
cialties by Privates Walker,' . Calder,
Street, ' Reed,- Fischer, Holket. Sykes,
Osborn and Dr. Crav/ford. ."•' Master F
McKay won -applause a. number of
fancy daYices, and a . speech , from i the
British Consul General caused - enthu
siasm, i Refreshments were served during
the evening, which was one of ¦ the most
enjoyable, held since the formation of the
rifle corps. < .
concessions to bemade by the men will
not be material. The , carmen were will-
Ing . to : do v.-hat was ; right, , even to the
extent of making one or two sacrifices' in
the interests of- peace . and harmony. The
Mayor added, however, that the men
were firm on the.' point, of having the
union recognized, and' that if an attempt
was made to deny this recognition they
would refuse to return to their, posts. .
• Tickets may be obtained -from '¦Walter
M. Castle,' J. P. Currier. M. Koshland,
F.'-H. Wheelan, Leo Michaels and-J. F.
Filcher. .
W<? have reached a satlsfactcryarrangement
with the. Geary-street road's managers. Th=
men will return to work Jn the morning. AVc
had no difficulty in coming to an agreement
COMMITTEE COMPLETES \. /;:.
BAKERSITELD ITINERARY
Route of Travel 'to and From Car
nival; Is Decided Upon ¦ .
Definitely.
The itinerary of the party of San Fran
cisco business men who will^vislt Baiters
field during the carnival and street fair
has been completed and is given 'out by
the committee on arrangements for the
information of the people In the inferior
who will be visited. The itinerary is as
lollows: - - -. .
dividual reports of the executive- com
mitteemen were read. This was followed
by taking up the agreement of the strik
ing car men and going into the document
more fully, . :
One by one the directors left the meet
ing and were interviewed by the repre
sentatives ot the press as they emerged
from the boardroom. The. first -to. come
out was I. W. Hellman, the banker, an
old director of the Market Street Railway.
He was always a man of peace and. the
few words he -gave out exemplified his
character. • .
PREDICT- SETTLEMENT. .
"What can you tell us of the meeting?"
he was asked. ' '¦ ,* • '. : ...'.¦
. : "I look for an early settlement of the
strike," he replied. "We are all for peace.:
We (haver been discussing,-. the matter . all
the atternoon and it has been . referred
back to the executive committee.' '. i
BLANCHARD SECURES
A TEMPORARY WRIT
' . . _ .;.-;¦ V ¦•-.-•
Principal of Hancock Grammar School
Alleges That Roncoveiri Is .
":! Prejudiced. M£^,
Milton E. Blanchard, principal of the
Hr.ncock Grammar ; ; School, who Is ac
cused of cruelly beating. John Ragglo; a'
pupil, secured .a .temporary writ ofv-pro
htbltlon .yesterday . restraining ' the Board
of * Education '¦' from trying him '.. on the
charge, - : on the grrund v. .that ' School
Director Roncovlerl la prejudiced. ¦
.-.-"Blanchard alleges, that Roricovleri In
a public interview said: "I. am in favor
of throwing out any man who beats little
children as this: man is ', accused of do
ing." The writ was", issued ¦ ¦- by , Judge
Hunt and . made . returnable before v him .
Friday, May 2. . ,• • .- - . . .¦: ¦'.-.. • >
was attacked by a crazy Japanese at the
corner of Eighteenth street and San Pablo
avenue. The Japanese .threw his arms
about her neck -and forced her to ..the
ground.. Mrs. Gibbs struggled with > (he
Japanese and gained her feet, in the
meanwhile calling for help.
Two policemen were attracted to the
scene. The Japanese ran, but was-eap
tured after a short chase. One officer
conveyed the affrighted woman " to her
home and the other the Japanese to- tha
City Prison. The Jap gave his name as
Yakima and was charged with disturbing
the peace pending the swearing, out of a
complaint on a more? serious charge. '
Mrs. M. Gibbs Is Attacked and Her
Screams Bring Police to
Her Aid.
OAKLAND, April 25.— While Mrs. M*.
Gibbs, who resides at 1519 Brush street,
was on her way home last night, : sh«
JAPANESE ASSAULTS
WOMAN OITJWAY HOME
WITNESSES FOR RIUEY
TRY TO PROVE ALIBI
President Arthur Holland was the next
seen. When a card was sent in to him by
a Call reporter he emerged from his pri
vate office, smiling and evidently in good
spirits.
"We have.' the matter under advise
ment," he » said. "There is nothing new
In the -situation to-night. I will tell you,
however, that Tve won't keep, any one
much 'longer in suspense. It won't be
lcr.g— It won't be long."
Whether General Manager Vlnlng was
at the office of the company yesterday !<•
a conjecture. He was not seen walkine
from one office to the other, as he ha*,
been in the habit of doing in the past
Another thing certain is that he was not
invited Into the morning session of the
executive council or to ¦ the meeting of
the directors in the afternoon. How long
he will hold his, present position is hard
to determine. The directors refuse to dis
cuss the rumor of his removal, but it K
supposed that he will: be called upon to
resign as soon as the strike has been
settled.
Douglas S. Watson, . C. R. : Bishop, Al
bert Sutton, J. R. Fulton and J. H. Spring
are the directors, of the "Associated Prop
erty Owners of SanFranclsCb, Incorporat
ed yesterday for'$200.ooo. ¦¦•¦ftBSaniBfSv.. ¦. .
was Incorporated yesterday with a- capi
tal stock of $200,000. The directors, who
have each 'subscribed' $10, are'F. J. Dev
lin, J. S.: WaiiSh, D, J# Halloran, N. ,W
TValmsley and J. H.- Hazeltine.
Director Tobin followed on I. TV. Hell
man's heels. He looked tired, as 'he had
been hard at work all day on the strike
situation. He stated that the matter had
been referred back -to the executive com
mittee,-.and that.it would be taken up by
that body the first thing this morning.
He also stated that he felt sure that the
strike would terminate" in less than
twenty-four hours, as far as the corporav'
tion was concerned.-
Charles Holbrook was the last director
to leave the building.
"We have already decided to agree to
a number of the clauses in the agree
ment," he said. ¦ "But at the same ¦ time
we feel that Kastern. capitalists who have
sent $30,000,000. out here are certainiy
worthy of a great deal V>f consideration.
There are certain parts of the agreement,
which we shall not decide upon until "we
have heard what course . they will wish
to pursue. -' ¦ ¦ ' • ¦
: "I am tired out wit.i my work of tne
day and am now going to look after my
own affairs." . " « '
A circumstance which the strikers be
lieve will have a salutrxy effect upon
The railway ofSclals is the agreement of
th .^ Geary-street railway . directors to
abide by the decision to be reached by
the United Railroads. In consequence of
this agreement on the part of President
Horace Piatt the strike, as far as the
Geary-street line is concerned, has teen
declared off and the cars will be In
operation this morning. The number of
men who will resume Operations is' 77.
end under the agreement they will share
ruch benefits as the men of the United
Railroads system may reap from the
settlement- that is to come. In this con
nection it may. be said that the Geary-
Ftreet line 1p in no sense connected with
the Lnited Railroads, but, on the con
trary, is an independent concern.
The railway people made no attempt to
move any cars yesterday other than the
lew. which are run for the purpose of
protecting franchise rights. Two "cars
were run for the greater part of the day
en the Ellis-street line, but no business
was done. ,The cars were manned, as the
strikers claim, by some Rinkerton de
tectives. Both cars were «boarded by
members of the strikers' peace commit
tee and the men guarded against possible
«ttacks. Crowds gathered continually at
Ellis and Market streets and the motor
mer. were roundly berated by strike svm
pathizers at times. The peace committee
prevented any outbursts, however, and
the coinings and goings of the •cars at
length passed unnoticed. .
STRIKERS BANQUETED.
The strikers were jubilant at headquar
ters last night over the victory gained in
the Geary-street railway settlement. The
men claim that the officials of the United
Railroads will be greatly influenced by
the action of the Gerry-street company
and that the settlement of the strike will
be facilitated thereby. The employes of
the line, who are to a man members of
the Carmen's Union, were given a ban
quet by the people of the Richmond dis
trict last night in honor of the opening
of the line this morning. The occasion
was an enjoyable one for all concerned
Mayor Schmitz expresses the bcIW
Usftt the demands of the strikers will be
Fronted with possibly one or two excep
tions. " He was not prepared to express
an onlnion as to the nature of the de
mands whicL. the company will Insist
upon having modified -before ratifying
the agreement, but he Intimates that the
MAY HAVE GOOD EFFECT.
action to wire their principals • in New
York for their instructions and pending
receipt of news the matter was again re
ferred to the executive committee.
It was intimated last night that another
conference would be held with the execu
tive committee of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of the Street Railway Employes ol
America some time to-day. The purpose
of this consultation will be to arrange the
terms of agreement between the' employ
ers and strikers. Certain concessions will
be demanded of the strikers, but u is be
lieved the carmen will meet the railway
officials half way in the matter. While
the strikers are willing to do all In their
power to effect a settlement, all agree that
they will insist to the last that the union
shall be recognized. i,*-. . - .
Continued From Page One.
REACH AST AGREEMENT.
The demands of the car employes were
presented by Knox and President Platt
expressed the views of his company.
"I think it was a mistake to include the
Geary-street road in your strike order,"
said Mr. Platt. Then he explained the
conditions • concerning the road. and said'
that he ..was willing to , make such ar
rangements as might be mutually agreed
upon. . . . ..:¦:
A general discussion followed. --In a few
moments the. agreement was reached and
signed. It was agreed that the men
should return to work in the morning un
der the old conditions, pending a settle
ment of the controversy ¦ between the
United Railroads of San Francisco and
the striking carmen. It was further stip
ulated that whatever agreement might be
later reached- between the two main con
tending parties should govern the agree
ment then made. This includes all articles
embraced in the demand presented to the
United Railroads' directors, Whatever
results may be reached at the final con 7
ference will form the basis of the agree-'
ment between the employes ot the Geary
street-road and its directors." In the event
of the increase of pay. being- granted, the
men will receive backpay from the time
they go to .work until the new orfler goes
into effect. ~ ' . •" ¦ .
After the conference Chairman 1 Knox
said: .-.-...
¦All the employes of the road.' including
the extra men, were initiated last night
a P d immediately left for their homes in
the Richmond district, where" they were
guests of honor at a banquet tendered
them by the residents west of the ceme
teries. .
AMERICAN-BRITISH RIFLES
ENTERTAIN" AT A "SMOKER."
¦ The, committee of car employes at once
returned to headquarters at the Turk
street Temple and explained the details
of the arrangements made with the
Geary-street road. Knox said the basis of
the arrangement was the same as that at
present prevailing on the California and
union street lines and was eminently sat
isfactory.- He notified the men- formerly
employed on the: road to meet this even
ing to receive the obligation of the union
and then prepare to go to work in the
morning: His remarks were greeted with
great applause.
It was a mistake to include the Geary-street
road in the strike order, as we are not a part
at the United Railroads, but stand upon- the
same footing as an independent ! line, as does
the California and the Union street. . I re
ceived a telephone message this morning ask
ing If I would meet the men. ; I answered
"yes," and a delegate came down and arranged
for the meeting Just held.' We are glad the
matter has been satisfactorily arranged. Had
it rot been for this misunderstanding our road
would probably have not been tied up. Mr.
Knox Is authorized to make such statement as
he deems fit as to. the result.- . .
and are assured of better treatment. We are
to stand .upon the basin of the agreement yet
to be consummated with the United Railroads.
Mr. Platt treated us cordially and I can only
express my thankfulness for this early end
ing: of our controversy. It means- much to
the car employes -of San Francisco..
President Platt confirmed the statement
made by Mr. Knox and said:
Unexpected Opposition to Ticket Re
sults in Election of Several
Dark Horse 3. '' m y
The California Liquor Dealers'-.Associa
tion held its semi-annual election of of
ficers ' yesterday afternoon at Its head
quarters at B'Nai B'rith Hall. The elec
tion developed an unlooked for spirited
opposition to the regular ticket, which re
sulted in the election of several dark
horses. -E. L. Wagner,,' who has presided
efficiently over the deliberations of tha
association for some time, gave up tho
presidency to T. Lunatedt.
James W. Crowe was elected vice presi
dent of the organization without oppo
sition. William Clack was re-elected sec
retary. John W. Shlnkwin was aga'n
chosen to officiate as conductor and
Charles Kaufman was re-elected sergeant
at arms. The following directors were
'. elected in the different Assembly districts:
Twenty-eighth District. J. W\ lanen;
Tti-fnty-ninth District, Jim MeS-weeney: Thir
tieth District. P. J. McGuahln; Thirty- first Dis
trict 1* Wamser;' Thirty-second District. Fred
Ber.t; Thirty-third District, J. J. Boyle; Thirty
' fourth District. Charles Adams; Thirty-fifth
1 District. J C. O'Connor; Thirty-sixth District.
: J. H. Muller: Thirty-seventh District, Morris
Le\-y: Thirty-eighth 'District.. Frank Dunn:
Thirty- ninth District, Max Ludwig; Fortieth
District. William Louieb: Forty-first District.
John Butler; Forty-second District, D. - O.
Ktcfe; Forty-third District. D. B. Dunbar;
Forty- fourth District. J. . Michel ; Forty- fifth
District. Charles Mitchell.
Five directors at large were elected as
as follows: . '
K. 1>. Wagner. R. H. Stafford. Jesse Marks
James Calraes and C. M. Fisher.
LJQTJOR-DEAXERS ELECT* ; f i?
OFFICERS FOR NEW TERM
President Cornelius stated he had heard
that certain of the strikers were going
outside of their territory, boarding cars
and using abusive language. He said :
"We do not want any abusive language,
and I want the men who are detailed ¦ to
a certain barn, and those only, to serve
there. "We have the sympathy of the pub
lic, and we 'want to keep it, and we .can
not do it if such tactics are used. I don't
think that abuse ever won any fight, and
we are not going to use it in this one."
While no resolutions were adopted, it is
generally understood that if the Geary
street Company does not live up to its
agreement the men will be called out
again.
' The Geary-street man 'were given three
rousing, cheers as they left the hall to bo
to work, , ..- ¦ .,.-". ...,.-,
. . exception of the Geary-street
settlement, which is very satisfactory to
us. I made the rounds of the carhousea
this afternoon and a more perfect sys
tem of picketing could not be wished for.
Everything Is being done in a quiet man
ner. I administered the obligation— that
is, Initiated— 1000 to 1200 men to-day. It 13
a pleasure to see the way our men on
guard at the barns conduct themselves;
a company of soldiers could not de bet
ter. "We are going to preserve order at
any. cost." . -. ' „
president Cornelius -was rather indis
posed last night, having had an attack of
rheumatism. . -. - -
A rousing meeting wa3 held. at the un
ion's headquarters last night, there be
ing more than 500 present. The meeting
was opened with an address from Attor
ney J. A. Nicholson, a. brother-in-law of
Secretary James. Mr. ' Nicholson said he
was willing to offer hla services to any oC
the union men who might require them.
Following this address. President Cornel
ius ¦ administered the obligation to more
than 200 members. These, with 200 Ini
tiated in the afternoon, bring the total
up to 1600 now initiated. It was said by
one of the officers that if the men stood
by the obligation to the union they would
be men that are men.
An Oakland delegation .was to have
come over last night, but was unable to
be present, having been notified by the
company that if they attended the San
Francisco strikers' meeting they would be
discharged. An executive committee,
however, came over to consult the strik
ers' committee. The strikers were very
much incensed at the Oakland Railway
Company's action.
Attorney Gallagher spoke to the men,
praising Mayor Schmltz'a stand on the
strike question, and the fairness with
which he was treating the laboring
classes.
: ¦ rtEirrT™" 1 * Cornelius
S3 g^ was Interviewed last night at
jjjjr the Turk-street" Temple. He
Jf "The conditions are un
*^^ changed to-night, with tha
AGREEMENT MAY
BE HAD TO-DAY
Samuel Pinkcrton, who was arrested a
few days ago on a charge of carrvlng a
concealed weapon and subsequently* taken
lnto the union on probation, denied at
headquarters that he was employed as
a non-union driver during the teamsters'
fjrriKe. He has letters of recommendation
from J. H. O'Brien, port captain of the
>orthern Navigation Company, showing
that he was employed at Cape Nome from
May 25 to October 29. 1901, and from fit
Ben.iamin of the Occidental Hotel show
ing lhat he was employed as a stevedore
«n the Mail dock from November 30 last.
He is a member of the Longshoremen's
Protective Association. He served three
years in the hospital corps of the United
u? e 5« a^ ny * frcm wh 'ch he was honor
ably discharged on expiration of service
O •K-X-rv-H-:' x •:••:••:• i ¦:¦¦:¦¦;¦.:..:.¦!.¦?..?. a
Resolved, That those resolutions be spread
upor the minutes of this 'division and a copy
thereof be sent to the San Francisco branch oi
the Amalgamated Association of StreeL Railway
Kiirioyes of America, to the- Mayor of Pan
Francisco and to the daily press of this city,
duly Eigned by Jthe manager and attested by
the agent. H. O. IL.DERTOX. Manager.
C. V. PORTER, Agent.
J. L. Hedrich, a merchant at 5 Taylor
street, made a generous donation last
night. In speaking to President Cornelius
ho said: "Your men have won my ad
miration by their circumspect conduct and
I want to show my appreciation of your
cause by a little contribution." President
Cornelius declined to make public the
amount. ._-.'
Rosolved, That the executive officers of this
Ccuncil be and they are hereby empowered and
directed to render all assistance within iheir
power to brine about a Fi>eedy and . amicable
settlement of the difficulty.
From the United Brotherhood of Rail
way. Employes came the following:
Whereas. Owing: to the unjest demands made
upon their employes by the United Railroads of
San Francisco, the city of San Francisco again
vritnessPE a deplorable conflict between capital
and labor; and
Whereas. The terms submitted by the said
employes in their efforts to promote peace are
to our minds but equitable and just and the
right of all American citizens to unite together
for the amelioration of their condition is= con
cedc-fi by all reafor.abie-minded p«>©ple;. there
lore, be it
Resolved, By San Franrlsco Division No; 10,
United Brotherhood of Railway Employes, in
regular session assembled, that we extend to
our brothers in the transportation service, the
Str»<».cjr Men's Union Xo. 2«15. our earnest
tjmfmi3»T, and If required, financial support;
end be it further
Ressolved, That we -commend the straightfor
ward and upright course pursued by the Honor
able Eugene E. Schmitz. Mayor of the city of
San Francisco, in this controversy; and be it
lurthfr
Whertaf. The prestnt controversy between
the United Railrcad3 of San Francisco and Its
employes has resulted in a paralysis of busi
ness and sorious inconvenience to all citizens,
tauter, broker, business man, mechanic and
laborer eilke; and '¦-"-
Vi'hereas The continuation af this condition
Is extremely detrimental to •!! i«=rsons Inter
ested In the 'welfare of San Francisco; there
fore be it -.-^.. .
Resoived. By the Building Trade* Council in
regular znwting assembled, that we extend cur
c-arnest end hearty support" to. the members of
Division No. 205, Amalgamated Association of
Gtnvt Railway Employes of America; and be
it further -'
- OPUL.AR support is being ac-
W¥ "^k corded the striking carmen
B J& frum every direction. An of
£f tit ftr was made yesterday to
S get up a monster theatrical
-*»¦• benefit for the assistance of
any cf those -wh{) raay be in
reed. The matter was taken under con
sideration. . .
Rev. Frank K. Baker addressed the
assembled strikers at the Temple, urjrins
them to keep quiet and orderly. He made
an extended address. A number at other
speaker? also volunteered good advice and
helped make the time pass pleasantly
while the men were waiting for definite
news.
Among the resolutions which were re
ceived were the following from the Build
ing Trades Council:
Oakland Delegation Is
Unable to Come
to Temple.
Railroad Employes
Praise Efforts of
Mayor.
Carmen Assemble to
Cheer the Geary
Street Men.
Building Trades Are
Ready to Give
Their Aid.
HELP IS
OFFERED
CAR MEN
STRIKERS
MEET IN
NUMBERS
STRIKE ON GEARY-STREET LINE ENDS
THE SAN FBASTClStX) CALL,, FKIDAYy APRIL 25, 1S02.
4
Go via Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe. Re-
turn via Southern Pacific :
Leave San Francisco May's-- 9:30 p. ra..
Arrive Bakersfleld :...... May 9 7 :00 a. m.
Leave Bakersfleld : May 10 8 :45 a. in.
Arrive PortcrvHle (break-
fast) .:,..; : May 30 j 7;00 a. m.
Ltavfc Porterville May 10 S:00 a. m.
Arrive Visalla May 10 »:00 a. m.
Lt-avc VisaHa ........... May 10 fl:."0 a. m,
Arrive Tulare May 10- 10 ri6 a.m.
L«ave- Tulare .: May 10 10:45 a. m.
Arrive Hanford ........ May 1O_]1:15 a. m.
I^eav; Hanford '. .' May 10 11:45 a', m.
Arrive Fresno ...'.....:. Mav 10 12:45 p. m.-
Irf-ftve Fre&uo May 10 . 4:00, p. m:
Arrive Martera '.'.;. May 10 4:30 p." m.
Lcive Madera ..'........ May 10 l> :C0 p. m.
Arrive San' ¦ Francisco . .
Ferry May 10 12:15 a; m.
Go via Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe. Re-
turn via Southern Pacific :
Leave San Francisco May's-- 9:30 p. ra..
Arrive Bakersfleld :...... May 9 7 :00 a. m.
Leave Bakersfleld : May 10 8 :45 a. in.
Arrive PortcrvHle (break-
fast) .:,..; : May 30 j 7;00 a. m.
Ltavfc Porterville May 10 S:00 a. m.
Arrive Visalla May 10 »:00 a. m.
Lt-avc VisaHa ........... May 10 fl:."0 a. m,
Arrive Tulare May 10- 10 ri6 a.m.
L«ave- Tulare .: May 10 10:45 a. m.
Arrive Hanford ........ May 1O_]1:15 a. m.
I^eav; Hanford '. .' May 10 11:45 a', m.
Arrive Fresno ...'.....:. Mav 10 12:45 p. m.-
Irf-ftve Fre&uo May 10 . 4:00, p. m:
Arrive Martera '.'.;. May 10 4:30 p." m.
Lcive Madera ..'........ May 10 l> :C0 p. m.
Arrive San' ¦ Francisco . .
Ferry May 10 12:15 a; m.THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
MM W. the far-famed Calgary
mare, started things rolling
merrily for the talent at Oak
land yesterday, but thereafter
the going was uncertain.
Then, too, the track was in a sloppy
condition, r,-hich fact may have increased
the hazard. At any rate, the defeats of
Princess Titania and Tower of Candles
made a rent in the talent's bank roll
large enough to admit «>C -the passage of
a furniture moving van. Bad rides on the
part of imaginary good riders did the
rest.
The presence of May "W among' the
starters for the opening six furlong purse
run caused many owners to resort to the
scratching blank. The mare was an odds
on favorite, and though led for two-thirds
of the route by E. M. Brattain beat that
gelding with ease at the finish. .Dandy ran
into the show.
OAZXAND RACETRACX— Thursday, April 24.— Weather cloudy. . Track. sloppy:
3647. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325. -> - - '
j j : i I Betting.
Index IHorse, Age. Weight. jSt- %. %. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. | Op. Cl.
:S5»2 IMay • W. a 119 2 23 23 1 ij 1 2 D. Cameron.... -.Conley 1-2 2-5
r»«O5 E. M. Brattain. 3.107 1 13 12.21 2n W. L. Stanfield.. Troxler 10 12
3KKJ IDandy. 3 103 5 42 32 32 3 5 Montana StablcDonnJly 5 7
rtOSt Uingler. 3 107 3 3 >i 4 ! 4 h 4 4 D. S. Fountain.. ..Prior 10 15
3tZZi iResin. 3 ..102 « 64 51 65 55 Smith & Co Hoar 60 80
3W» iTellcWBtone, 3. ...103 4' 5 h 6 2 5 U, 6 10 W. P. Fine Webster 100 60
3CO0 |E1 Rey. 4 118 7 7 7 7 7 P. C. DonalechcGultert 100 150
Time — '4, :24»i; H. :49i-i; 'i, 1:15%. Good start- Won cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, D. Cameron's b. m. by Eagle Plome-Friola. E. M. Brattain gave the favorite
Quite a chase. Jingler carried a stable commission.- Scratched — Fausturo 110, Katie Wal
cott 11«, Headwater 12L Catherine Bravo 102, Jennie Hughes 98, Alaria 119, Intrepido 104,
Algareta 105. :
Z'.i4S. SECOND RACE— Mile and 50 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
_ . , „ . . Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. | St. %- Vi. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3595 iCompass, 4 1021 2 21 3 1>£ 1 n In James Wllscn Hoar 10 12
3610 M. Hildreth. 4.. -106 10 3n 2h 24 25. G. Burger ...See 6 4
S5S1 iThe Gaffer, 4 103 3 61 51 33 35 J. H. Simpson Prior 12 12
•HtXi iBrutal. 4 109 6 8h 91 5n 42 B. Schrelber Troxler 4 9-2
35*1 Lodestar, a. 107 4 5n 6h 62 55 O'Keefe & Co L. Daly 8 8
3»;» Vasallo, 3 91 7 92 4n 4h 61 Piedmont Stable.-Sheehn 4 9
3C10 Einstein, 6 110 11 111 10 1 7 1 7 1 L. Levy... Conley 15 20
3581 Legal Maxim, 3... 88 » 11 11 82 81 Jones & Co Bell 8 30
2035 iFondo, 4 103 8 7 h 7 4 92 9 1 P. G. Lynch.. -..Donnelly 8 15
36X5 INilgar. 6 107 1 4 1 8 h 10 1 10 % Miss Jones & Co..Vlckey 3 4
3«39 Constable, 3 88 5 10 3 11 % 11 h 11 h Musto & Ruiz..McGovern 5 12
3632 'Billy Lyons. 4 107|12 12 12 12 12 J. B. Bortano Fogg 20 30
Time— 14, :25: »4, :51«/4; %. 1:17^; mile, 1:43%: lm 60yds, 1:46. Straggling start. Won
first three driving. Winner. J. Wilson's b. m. by Badge- Actress. Compass formerly did
not like the mud. Brutal had a rough trip. Legal Maxim quit- Nilgar no speed. Scratched
—Free Lance 110. Kastaine 105. Evea G 80.
8640. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three- year-old fillies; to first. $325.
I I Betting.
Index iHorso and Weight. "St. ',5- %- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. . CL
8614 |L. of Langdon 107 1 1215 12 12 C. Llnd. Hoar 5-2 9-r
8636 Halmetta 107 6 62 52 34 25 W. H. Ketcheman See 12 30 .
<3«») Ishtar 107 3 4»421 2h 32 A. Josephs Prior 2 3
r?ei2) Malaspina ., 107 7 2h 31 42 45 Mallowmot S. F..Donnly 3 9-2
2577 St. Phlllipina 107 4 3n 4n 51 52 W. Macdonough..Troxler C .«
<36:;C) Annie Max 107 554 61 65 65 P. Sheridan Frawley 10 30.
<3K»3)iYrsula 110 2 75 8 7272 J. C. Nealon Conley 15 , 30
(3S76): Mildred Schultz.,107 8 8 7 18 8 H. I. Wilson.. ..L. Daly 7 10
Time— »i. :25; %. :51; 6%f, 1:00%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. C.
Lind'c b. t./by St. Carlo-Countess Langdon. Winner best. Halmetta must be of the Im
proving BOrt, Iehtar shines best on a fast track. Malaspina late. Mildred Schultz almost
Jeft;^___^ r .-,.-,_-,.-.-.^-,_-,_-__,
8050. FOURTH RACE— One mile; San Lorenzo handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $400.
IsdexlHorse. Ace. Weight. '-St. U- %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
8C21 JVarro. 4 92 2 21 23 11 11 G. W. Mlller..J. Sheehan ' G 0^2
<r«CS)!Prin. TlUnia, 4.. .100 1 15 15 21 23 Caesar Young... Donnelly 4-5 6-5
3645 I Antolee, 4 102 4 4 3 1% 3 10 3 25 D. A. Honlg Prior 8 9
GXZn )!FlU£h of Gold. 5. .107) 3 3 n 4 4 4 Owen Bros Hoar 4 11-3
Time— 14; :26; %. :50%; ,%. 1:16; mile, 1:42'4. Bad start. 'WoiT easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. G. W. MUler's ch. g. by Pardee-Julla Magee. Varro not supposed to be
» "raudder." Princess did well for six ¦ f urlonge. Antolee away poorly Scratched Con
utellator 108. La Golata 107.
8C51. FIFTH RACE^ — Six furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.'
IcCexlHcrre. Ac*. Weight. St. %. %. Btr. Fin. |. Owner and Jockey. Op." 'ci
SB92 Soa Queen, 6.. ..102 2 4 4 3 3 1 1% 1 4 J. A. Lewis Hoar 5 iTi
£BS5 Saul of Tarsus. 5.103 1 lh 2%2h 2h L. O. Walz. .Burllngame 10 1«
3612 Tiburon. a 103 5 51 42-4 2 31 Egbert & Co... Prior 15 40
SfiSS iTowor Candles. 4. 98 7 2^14 3245 Caesar Young ..Donnelly 3-5 3-5 ,
2591 (Col. Ballantyne, 4.100 6 76 5 3 65 55 James Wilson See - 6 10
S«U JJim Hale, 4 103 4 6 3 6 5 6 8 6 10 W. L. Stanneld..L*Dalv 10 20
itfSS ISly. a 103 8 8 8 73 710 D. M. Hanlon... Ransom 10 30
<2752)|Am>sa. a 1OB 3 S 2 7 10 8 8 J. M. Crane Vlckery 20 100
Time — V*. :24'/4; %, :49%; %, 1:15. Bad start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving
Winner, J. A. Lewis' ch. m. by King Faustus- Daughter McGinness. Towerof Candles al
most left, ran around h«>r field and flickered down to nothing in the stretch Winner wpll
rldden.Race^d^tJc^ Strauss 103 winner weu^.
3G52. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 50 yard*; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325. v
Index Hors*. Age. "Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. J, Owner and Jockey. Op? ttU <fL
•622-lLarry 'Wilt, S.,,. 95 "I 3 1 2 1 T~4 16 T. H. Stevens.. Donnelly " 3" T^>
(3C?8) Frank Woods, 6.. 110 9.71 722% 26 Garden City Stable See 3 4
8622 Lena, a 106 2 6 1 4h 61 3 2 ' F. T. Nichols... Howson T 10
8632 Plan, a , 107 8 88 6 2 3h 44 J. Conway .....L Daly 8 8-2
8622 Klckumbob B ...107 5 12 In4h 5%L.O. Walz.. Burllngame 8 12 •
80t« El Mido, 6\ 110 4 2n 3h 6 2 «1 J. S. Campbell.. ..Conley g 10
8632 Canejo, 6... 105 « 9 10 5 h 72 71 Owen Bros Prior 7 ' 1-5
«610 Alicia, a , 10G 75h 0 2081 81 P. Moore . . . . . . Vlckery 8 ' 15
S622 ISuncIlo. 8 107 3 4h 8 1 9 10 0 15 M. fcttorn Wetoter 10 15
<3K46)!Merop8, 6 107 10 10 10 10 10 F. A. Wolr ...HoaT 6 8
Time— H, i25%; %. :M%; %. l:l(J%t m, 1:42%; mile and 50 yards. 1:45V, Good~starT
Won easily. Becond and third driving. Winner, T. H. Stevens' br. c. by Wadsworth-
Fancy Free. Wilt perhaps the best Plan can do better. Scratched— Bernota 106 McN'a
»<ira 107. Windward 110. San Venado 110, Elfonse 100. ¦ ¦ -. 1W ' McNa
liM mil— iiwi TM ¦Pininnr'Mi'liiiriMWfcii'iiiB itTMiWii'ii Tat m i i \ i Ji I i ¦ llti tMfcallTlTnrlirn ' ¦
Fourteen Carloads.
Very latest styles, 'embracing Golf Wag»m,
Traps,' Stanhopes, Eplderettes, Brakes, Vlctoriaa!
Park .Wagons,' etc., arriving at : the Columbus
Buggy Co.'s San Francisco . house,' on Market
st., bet. Oth and 10th sts. Biggest factory best
«tyles; one grade only — that the best - ¦••
Vanderbilt's Horse Wins.
PAK1S. April 24.— W. K. Vanderbllt's
Bright. \ Buchanan up,- , won .. the { Prix
Dauphin, the chief event of the Malsons
Lafltte • races ; to-day. Mr. Vanderbilfs
Nettle was not placed in the race for the
Prix Mondane. ¦ ¦¦•¦ . . ¦ . ».
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Snooze, Syce, \ Jennie
Hughes.
Second race— Royal Rogue, Ru
bino, Jarretierre d'Or.
Third ' race— Organdie, The Foe-.
Guida. ' e '
Fourth race— Horton, Wolhurst,
Disturber.
Fifth race — Fausturo, Mocorito,
Porous.
Sixth race— Rnbus, . Isaline, Ber-
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for the / "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2 50 to $10
each, and sole, agents for the "Marshall "
the best $1 fountain Pen in the world
Sanborn, Vail-& Co., 741 Market st •
Lee To Captain Cardinal Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 24.—
Howard's. Lee '03, center for three years
on the varsity football team, was elected
captain for next year by his teammates
at a meeting held last night. The elec
tion of a new captain was necessitated
by the resignation of W. I. Traeger, who
was elected to the position last January.'
Griffin to Meet Jack Jeffries.
LOS ANGELES, April 24.— Hank Griffin
has signed, to meet Jack Jeffries in a
twenty-round bout under the auspices of
the Century Athletic Club at Hazard's
Pavilion May 13. As a" preliminary Man
ager McCarey to-day arranged a twenty
round match between Jim Tremble and
Billy Woods.
BASEBALL IN FULL SWING
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS
Large Crowds of Spectators Turn Out
to Witness the Games in Vari
- ous Cities.
: NATIONAL LEAGUE.
. CINCINNATI,' April 24.— The Clndnnatls had
an easy time with St. Louis to-day.' Pitcher,
O'Neil.was wild, and this, combined with two
passed balls ' and as many errors, netted ' the
locals eight runs in the first two innings. At
tendance.'1400. ¦ Score:
. R. H. E.
Cincinnati ...9 9 0
St. Louis ..:... 2 9 4
¦ Batteries— Hahn and Peitz; J. .A. O'Nefl,
Wicker and J. M. O'Nell.. Umpire-— Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA, April 24.— Good -batting
by Brooklyn and poor fielding by Philadelphia
gave the visitors the last .game of the series.
Attendance, 2400. Score: •
- ,"R. H. E.
Brooklyn ....... ;.' ..16 16 1
Philadelphia I 6 10 7
'Batteries — McMeekin and Ahern; Voorhees,
Salisbury -and Jacklitsch>> Umpire — Brown.
FITTSBURG, April 24.— Chicago won in the
first inning by four hits and Wagner's error.
After that they had no chance for a run until
Dexter's home run. In the eighth. Pittsburg
could not hit ¦Williams when hits were needed.
Attendance, 3400. •-. Score :
R. H. E.
Pittsburg. 3 8 2
Chicago 5 10 3
Batteries— Chesbro and Zimmer; Williams
and Kling. Umplre-^-Cantillion.
NEW YORK, April 24.— Boston and New
York broke even in the series of games finished
to-day at the Polo grounds. Long's' fielding at
short was the feature. Attendance, 4200.
Score:
: R. H. E.
Boston '. 8 10 4
New York .'..... 4 7 3
. Batteries — Malarke and Kittredge; Matthew
son and Yoager. Umpire — O'Day.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— Boston straight
ened Carrick'a curves out for seventeen hits
and won to-day's game easily. The batting of
Freeman and Drill and a one-handed catch of
a liner by Wolverton were features. Attend
ance, 2500. Score: "
- R. H. E.
Washington ...3 0 5
Bwton .11 - 17 2
Batteries— <*arrick and Drill; Young and
Criger. f'' : \ "; • ' '-.
• .ST. LOUIS, April 24.— The visitors' raw
work in the field allowed the horn* team to
get a lead of two runs after the score had
been tied in th«! sixth inning. Attendance 1000
Score: ¦" ¦ • • ¦ . ¦ •¦ ( . . . ¦ •
; R. H. E.
St. Louis '... ........ 4 8 3
Cleveland ....'. 2 5 3
' Batteries — Harper and Maloney; Taylor and
BcmU. ' . . . - '
BALTIMORE. April 24.— The home team won
the game from Philadelphia to-day in the first
Inning. -A base on balls, three two-baggers a
three-bagger, a single,-, a sacrifice and an error
by ! Plank netted six runs. Attendance 2400
Score : ' . . . • •
; \j .-"'.'.'¦ . ' R. H. E.
Baltimore 6 9 2
Philadelphia . ............ .2 6 2
Batteries— Hughes and Robinson; Plank and
Powers.
. CHICAGO. April ¦ 24.— The : Chlcagos were
shut out to-day, being utterly unable to touch
S lover. ¦ The fielding on both sides was fast
and perfect. Attendance, 2000. Score-
R. H. E.
Chicago ..' .........;.. 0 -~2. 0
Detroit :......... .5 9 0
• . Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan; Slever and
McGulre. ' • • • • :. .j££.-«gjjj
WESTERN ASSOCIATION.
• DES , MOINES,. April 24. — Des ¦ Molnes 13
Pcorla 12. ' '"''.-'
:, COLORADO SPRINGS. April 24.— Colorado
Springs , 10. Kansas City 2. . . ¦ v ' OIOr r a °
- OMAHA. "April 24. — Omaha 8 Mllwauk»»'o
: DENVER. April 24.— Denver . 2, St Jo'
eeph I.-- ¦: -•'.•. ¦; \ .
Hulen Is Signed by Sacramento.
. Manager, Fisher of the Sacramento ball
team - has signed Billy -Hulen to plav
shortstop and captain the ' nine. .
Continued on Page Seven.
BED ROBE CAPTURES
THE CUMBERLAND DERBY
George Hendrie's Chestnut Colt Starts
at a Long Price and Is First
* in Sensational Finish.
NASHVILLE, April 24.— Eight thousand
people saw George Hendrle's chestnut colt Red
Robe, by Patrician-Noblesse, win the Cumber
land derby to-day at Cumberland, his price be
ing 20 to 1. ! The finish was sensational. Red
Robe won on- his courage. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Ed Austin won.
Lady Strathmore second, Joe Martin third.
Time, 1:13%. . , , ... •
. Second- race, four furlongs — Mallory won,
Lor!na second, Harding third. Time, :4S%. .
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Algle
M won San Andreas second, Felix Bard third.
Time, 1:28. ,
Fourth race, the Cumberland Derby, mile and
an eighth. $3000 added— Red Robe won. Cir
cus second, Buccleuth third. Time, 1:54ft.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs, selling
King^s Lady won, Avoid second. Gold Orna
ment third. Time. :55'/4-
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling
Sim W won, Hi Kollar second, Tom Collins
third. Time, 1:08.
CHICAGO. 'April 24.— Lakeside summary:
First race, mile — Haydon won, Lucy Locket
second. The Rabbit third. Time, 1 :43 2-6.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Pennant
won Goudy second, Overlace third. Time,
1:03 2-5. , • ¦ '
Third race, five furlongs — Scorpio won,
Moneymuss second, Zell third. Time, l:02Vi-
Fourth race, mile and fifty .yards — Dr.
Stephens won. Dewey second, Possart third.
Time, 1:45 3-5. ¦
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Our
Bessie won. Belle Graham second. Lady Gal
lantrie third. Time, :56 1-5. . . •-
Sixth race, mile — Tommy Foster won, Siphon
second. Approved third. Time. 1:43 3-5.
NEW YORK, April 24.— Aqueduct results:
First race, seven ' furlongs, selling — Moro
kanta won. The Puritan second, Satire third.
Time. 1:16. . • .
Second race, mile and . seventy yards — Sir
Florian won, Ethics second. Lone Fisherman
third. Time, 1:48. - ' .
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — The
Referee won, Meisteroinger second, Fred Krupp
third.. Time. 1:28 3-5.
Fourth race, the Ozone stakes, four and a
half. furlongs — Examiner won, Blue and Orange
second. Discuss third. Time, :50 3-5. ¦.¦¦;¦
Fifth race, ; six f urlonge, selling — Carroll D
won. Snark second, - Shepard third. : ! Time,
1:15 1-5. • . .
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Anna
Daly won, Sparkle Esher ¦ second, -Impetuous
third. Time, :56 2-5.
Trdck Notes.
Larry Wilt has but one eye. He would
be a hard horse to beat with two good
optics.
Johnny Hoar earned decorations for
himself by placing three winners over the
plate.
• "Dell" Fountain bet 'on Jingler to' show,
so that ought to silence the epitaph writ
ers on that score.
Larry Daly played in luck again. He
finished outside of the money in all four
races in which he had a mount.
"Monk" Sheehan is no longer a maiden.
He handled Varro with the ease of a
veteran. .•
A water spaniel belonging to a pas
senger on the 12:30 boat jumped over
board. At 2:30 a passing tugboat picked
up the almost exhausted canine.
The funeral of J. W. Langford will take
place from his late residence, 1212 Castro
street, Oakland, at 10 o'clock this morn
ing.
Green B. Morris has fully recovered
from his recent attack of illness and
viewed the racing yesterday.
Princess Titanla ran a nice race as far
as she traveled. She does not loom ud
as L a Thornton stake candidate for 1903
The Judges might have looked into the
Sea Queen race. It does appear strange
that a penciler making an extensive book
after holding out Sea Queen could lose
to the race. Still, place and show bets on
SS? 1 h°m^!, l ? U8 ,?. nd « I!how bets on Tiburon
put him out of business.
n<Sn'L <n e I v"e1 1 t a s: e eiUrIeS fOr thls after "
ySttto^SSSR C ° Urse ' 8el " n *' three 
3196 Crinkle Ill, 3641 Cath Bravo 10S
3017 Mike Murphy.105' S629 Rey HcSlr.V.113
320i Aragato 103 3639 Swiftliirht 103
3593 Jen. Hughes.. 93 3636 Ster Towers Si
3641 Matilda O ...108 3617 Snooze ° .*": 98
.1639 Sol lOfl 3635 Gold Baron 111
3529 A?" 81 KlnB " 103 Syce .^V^UOO
rtl^%rS!S£l 8 T purse: **"¦**"•
8599 Jarretiere d'OrlOO (3605)Roval Rn<r»» ina
3625 Glendennln* ..109 3623 Sreton * J$
3572 Rublno 109 3024 DiscoverV ".\Wll2
inJ; h two- R y a ea roFd O s U : r and a ha « '*£»$. "11
(3«37)Clarinette ...105 3637 J H Bennett 1 OR
3630 Gorgalete ...,10r. 3566 OuWa, i?n
3637 Montezuma ..108 3528 HoraUus' '.'."'W*
3637 Donaml HO 3600 Brumel 108
f££ DelsKeno 108 (36O7)Mi Relna . 105
5£E J* mm ••••••• 103 4 (3682)Or K andie "lO9
8637 Tom Mitchell.105 1 3643 The Fok lii
S613 Lizzie Rico ..112 8 ••••"¦*
Fourth Race— Mile and an eighth, Belling;
three-year-olds and upward: v s . 4^ -."*?'
(3e34)Wolhurst ...,1M 364S Brutal ' ion
3032 El Fonse ....101 3648 -Disturber iCn
3634 Horton ......113 3641 Elmer L TrS
?.(rm Idaho Chief II 0.) 3632 Invlctus ' " 01
3652 Alicia 100 . a
Fifth Race— Futurity course. Belling; three
year-olds and upward: e '
3C31 Fausturo ....116 30.15 Porous inn
3432 Mocorito Ill 3623 Ural ??n
3647 Dandy 108 3624 San LuVlAn* in*
3C38 Mike Rice ...113 3587'La Ca?n» "i^
3059 Almoner 113 3527 Onyx " ' J??
3047 Reain 100 3830 Dawson""" ir«
.1612 Beau Monde.. .116 3638 Devereau'x'" iia
3620 Lief Prince ..113 ,...113
Sixth Race— Six and a half furlongs selllne
three-year-olds and upward: ' Belun s.
(3624)Our Pride . . 89 3027 Our Lizzie im
&ar . n ..::::^ %&]%£¦¦¦- g
SS ? Ub Ba S naniyne:i n 00° gg SEW^jg
3605 Huachuca .... 101 -"ernota 100
GEORGE :OARDNER t THE LOWEL L BOXER, WHO MEETS ; JOE WAL
COTT IN WOODWARD'S PAVILION ;TO : NIGHT FOR THE SECOND
TIME IN A SCHEDULED TWENTY-ROUND FIGHT. ' :
it looked as if her rider simply let the
mare fall asleep. Sheehan here made his
move with Varro, winning' easily by a'
length. Antolee took third place from
Flush of Gold, the only other starter.
Donnelly next paraded on the back of
Tower of Candles, the 3 to 5 favorite for
a six furlong selling affair. He exercised
the Judgment of a third rate exercise boy.
Getting all the worst of a straggling
start, he took no chance of being stood
up, but went around his field. Collared
in' the stretch by Sea Queen, he nearly
•fell 'off and his mount was ' unplaced. 'Sea
Queen led Saul of Tarsus out four lengths,
with Tiburon a close third.
Larry Wilt, the one carrying the smart
money, captured the last event. Frank
Woods ran second and Lena third.
Looking best of those starting in the
five and a half furlong sprint, for fillies.
Lass of Langdon won "on the bit,"""Sha
went to the -post- favorites and™ couldn't
help but get home first.. Halmetta ran
second and Ishtar third." Troxler gave
St. Phmipina an apathetic ride, finishing
fifth, behind Malaspina. ¦
Only a few days ago Varro couldn't run
in muddy going, ' yet he "won the San
Lorenzo handicap, excellently ridden by
"Monk" Sheehan. Monk does not get
many mounts, but he can outride, " shoes
to plates, many of the lads considered his
superior. Princess Titanla. with E>pnnelly
in the saddle, led for six furlongs, when
Compass, a 12 to 1 chance, with Johnny
Hoar in the saddle, downed a big bunch
cf platers in. the mile and fifty yards sell-
Ing- affair. Legal Maxim led for about
half the trip, when Compass took the lead
and in a jdrive earned the verdict by a
neck from Mamie Hildreth. Nilgar,
which closed equal choice with Mamie,
showed no speed. . . ,
PTT*^ HE second day of San Francisco
;. 1 1 Kennel Club's exhibition at Me-,
I chanics' Pavilion -was marked by a
• H large attendance durfcig both the
- • afternoon.' and ¦evening'. Last
nlght,'s crowd was one of thei largest ever
seen at a dog show in this city, notwlth-
I standing the lack of' transportation facili
ties. All the dogs Judged made a splendid
showing. ,
j Consul General Ho Yow acted as judge
¦' of , the Pekinese dog3 and -his appearance
In the ring was the signal for a rush of
all the spectators for points; of vantage.
! The peculiar little dogs of. the Orient did
not take ¦ kindly to the judge, resenting
for a time any attempt on his part to
- handle. them. The Cdnsul' General acquit-
I ted himself creditably in the novel role oi
! judge. ' ; ' . . . '
r ¦ sound Of a huntsman's horn her
alded the approach of the' San Muteo
Hunt Club hounds, which have provided
such " excellent sport throughout the past
season uniler the mastership of Francis
J. Carolan. . The. hounUs carried off tne
prize for" the D«st '.pack, easily defeating
• tne Country Club hounds. Jerry Keating,
the - huiusi.iu.ii, clad lii the conventional
scarlet coat and hunting cap of the men
who follow the hounds, was *n charge ana
showed off the pactc to advantage. Major
J. L. Katnbone was tne judge in this com
petition'. . .,
.John D. Spreckels v Jr.'s bull terrier
Champion Banjo carried off the honors
In the open ciass and alao in the winners'
class. , ¦ ; 4 '
Miss Ethel Hager's bull terrier "White
Hun won. the coveted blue ribbon In the
puppy class. ¦
The closing event of the evening was
the trial for the best brace of dogs In
the show. The first prize was awarded
to John H. Rosseter's greyhounds, Rub
ber Ankles and May Hempstead.' This
award provoked great applause from the
large crowd and ¦ the cheering rang
through the pavilion as the name of the
winner was announced. Mr. Rosseter has
been a consistent patron of greyhounds
for years and his victories In the show
have been popular. It was chiefly through
his efforts the greyhound section at the
exhibition is so representative.
L. A. Klein's pair of bulldogs were
placed second and Irving C. Ackerman's
fox terriers third.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon the judging
for the best dog owned and exhibited in
the ring by a lady will take place.
At 5 o'clock the judging for the best dog
In the show will be held.
At 8 o'clock the greyhounds will be
judged in competition for the "President's
Cup," offered by A. B. Spreckels for the
best greyhound in I the show, and \he
"Kent Cup," for the best greyhound of
opposite sex to the winner.
BLOODHOUNDS.
Open, dogs and bitches — First, S. E. Fischer's
Peggy. i
ENGLISH FOXHOUNDS.
• Novice, dogs and bitches — First, Frank Mc-
Coppin Brewer's Bey. Winners, dogs and
bitches — First, Frank McCoppln Brewer's Bey.
AMERICAN FOXHOUNDS.
Puppy, dogs and bitches — First, Fred Balt
zer"s Max; second,' -W. A. Small Jr.'s Melba.
Novice, dogs — First, T. W. Vowlnkle's Crow
der;-second. T. W. Vowinkle's Tramp. Limit,
dogs — First, Al Calais' Ring. Open, dors —
First, W. B. Tubbs' Guy; second, William S.
Klttle's Rainbow. Winners, dogs — First, T.
W. Vowinkle's Crowder; reserve, W. B. Tubbs*
Guy. Novice, bitches — First, F. W. Tallant's
Melody; second, E. Forester's Belle Jr.; third,
H. T. Hennlng's Topsy H. Limit, bitches —
First, Miss Augusta Nlelson's Mountain Fanny;
second, J. H. Fisher's Belle. Open, bitches —
First. F. W. \Tallant's Sappho; second, A. A.
Combs' Melba C. Winners, bitches— First. F.
W. Tallant's Sappho; reserve, F. W. Tallanfa
Melody. ' . i
.POINTERS. .
Puppies, dogs— First, A. H. Kriete's Prince.
-N«vlce. dogs — Flret. W. S." Tevls' Bow's Son;
second, W.- W.'-Tw ¦ Arsdale's Dr. Daniels;
third. W. S. JTevls' Cuba Jr."; reserve, J. . E.
Lucas' Tick's Sport. Limit, dogs (under 05
pounds) — First, J. E. Lucas* Buck of Kent;
second, W. \V. Van Arsdale's Dr. Daniels;
third, W. S. Tevis' Cuba Jr.; reserve, F. A.
Dlxon's Kris Krlngle. Limit, dogs (55 pounds
and over) — First, W. S. Tevis' Bow's Son.
Open, dogs (under 55 pounds) — First, J. E.
Lucas'' Aleck C; second, W. W. Van Arsdale's
Dr. Daniels; third, W. S. Tevls' Cuba Jr.; re
serve, J. E. Lucas' Tick's Sport. Open, dogs
(55 pounds and over) — First. W. S. Tevis'
Bow's Son. Winners, dogs— First, W. S. Tevis'
Bow's Son; reserve, J. E. Lucas' Aleck C.
Puppies, bitches — First, Mrs. A. M. Routledge's
Queen. Novice, bitches — First. J. E. Lucas"
Ella E; second. J. E. Lucas' Hay wards Queen;
third, W. S. Tevls' Bow's Daughter; reserve,
C. E. Worden's Pearl's Jingle. Limit, bitches
(under 50 pounds) — First. J. E. Lucas' Ella E;
second. William Gall's Puny Gee; third, C. E.
Worden's Pearl's Jingle; reserve, W. S. Tevis'
Petronella. Limit, bitches — First, J. E. Lucas'
'Hay wards Queen; second, W. S. Tevis' Bow's
Daughter. Open, bitches — First, J. E. Lucas'
Ella E; second, A. F. Colvin's Lady Colvin;
third, W. S. Tevis' Petronella. Open, bitches —
First. William Gall's Glen Ada; second, Wil
liam Gall's Sister- Glenbeigh; third. T. H.
Doble's Tad Down's; reserve, J. E. Lucas'
Hay wards Queen. Winners, bitches — First,
J. E. Lucas' Ella E; reserve, A. F. Colvin's i
Lady Colvin. - -
ENGLISH SETTERS.
Puppies, doss — First, Francis T. Keane's
Prince Harold o' the Elms. Novice, dogs-
First, .W. W. Van Arsdale's Sir Mark; second,
P. W. Temple's Bob; third, W. W. Van Ars
dale's Counfs Mark; reserved, W. W. Van
Arsdale's Oakley's Pride. Limit, dogs — First,
W. W. Van Arsdale's Bell Boy; second. C. S.
Boas' Dash Antonio II; third. W. W. Van
Arsdale's Count's Mark; reserved, W. "W. .Van
Arsdale's- Oakley's Pride. Open, dogs — First
¦William Feise's Buckwa; second, W. \V. Van
Arsdale's Sir Mark; third, Thomas Pllmley's
Motley Montez. Winners, dogs — First. ¦William
Felge's Buckwa; reserved. "W. W. Van Ara
dale's Sir Mark. Puppies, bitches — First, Fred
Braemer's Ida; second. Louis Schneider's
Biddy. Novice, bitches — First. P. D. Ltnville's
Lou Merriman; second W. W. Van Arsdale's
Shadow; third, W. w. Van Arsdale's Peach
Blossom: reserved, J. J. Dyer's Heather Belie.
Limit bitches — First. George G. G&uld's Mir
iam J; second. William Styan's Queen; third,
p D. Linville's Loveknot; reserved. W. W.
Van Aredale's Shadow. Open, bitches — First,
P D. Linville's Maggie F; second. Thomas
piimley's Lady Howard; third. J. B. Barber's
Hazel C; reserved, A. B. Truman's Fanny
Gladstone. Winners, bitches — First. P. D. Lin
ville's Maggie F; reserved, Thomas Fllmley's
Lady Howard.
IRISH SETTERS.
Puppies dogs and bitches — First, Sidney V.'
Smith Jr.'s Calve; second, J. F. Kelly's Lone
Joe Novice, dog3 — First, Charles F. Pedrotta's
Toby Jr. Limit, dogs— First, Mrs. P. F. Mc-
Cormick's Rory M; second, Gus Lane' a Pilot
B Open, dogs— First, A. B. Truman's Mike
Ewiveler T; Becond, L. L. Campbell's Finglaa
Jr • third Mrs. P. F. McCormlck's Rory M.
Winners,, dogs— First. A. B. Truman's Mike
Swiveler T; reserved. L. L. Campbell s Fing
las Jr. Novice. bitches-First, P. F. McCor
mick's Lady Lucy; second, John white Jr. s
Maxinc. Limit. bltones-Flrst. J. F. Kelly's
Lady Glenbrook. Open, bitches— First._Howard
Black's Lady Josle II; second. A. B. Truman s
Champion Lady Swiveler. ™n n «".. bl^ h i*r
First Howard Black's Lady J°sie II: reserved,
A B Truman's Champion Lady Swiveler.
, GORDON SETTERS.
Puppies dogs and bitches— First Captain
George J Newgarden's Rex; second. Claude
Angonncf's Nellie III. Novice, dogs and
bitches— First Mrs. Hannah Keesing's Cecil.
Umlt dogs and bltches-Flrst. N H Hick
mar.'s- Major II. Open, dogs andV bitches—
First Louis D. Ehrot's Crackerjack: second.
Mrs Hannah Kecslng's Cecil: third. J. H. TV.
Mullcr 1 * Belle M. Winners, dogs and bitches
—First. Louis D. Ehret's Crackerjack; reserve,
N H. Hlckman's Major II.
GREYHOUNDS.
Open, dogs — First. J. H. Rosseter's Roman
Athlete; second. J. H. Rosseter's Royal Archer;
third A. . R. • Curtis' Cavalier; reserve, Chlarl
nl Eros.' Tame Tralee. Open, bitches — First—
Kuaene Geary's Ruby Sankey; second. Chlari
nl Bros.' Bona Magnlflca; third. Joe Jones'
Harle-an Gladys; reserve. J. H. . Rosseter's Rub
ber Ankles.
BEAGLES.
Novice, dogs — First. Middlesex . Hunt's
Gamester. Limit. ¦ dogs — First, : Middlesex
Hunt's Gamester. Open, dogs — First. Middle
sex Hunt's Pilgrim. Winners, dogs — First.
Middlesex Hunt's Pilgrim: reserve, Middlesex
Hunt's .Gamester. Novice, bitches — First,
Middlesex Hunt's Wharton's Diligent. Limit,
bitches — First, Middlesex .Hunt's "Wharton'j
Diligent. Open. bitches— First. Middlesex
Hunt's Wharton's Diligent.
COCKER SPANIELS— (BLACK).
. Puppies, dogs — First. J. Robertson's Duke.
Novice, dogs — First. Mrs. J/..H. Brooks' Del
verton Cappi; second. James Hervey Jones'
Black Silk II; third. A. L. Cresswell's " Mid
night; reserve, Thomas E. Wadsworth's Black
Prince. Limit, dogs — First. Mrs. W. C Ral-
Fton's Hampton Promise; second. Mrs. Philip
C. Meyer's Glenwood Havoc; third, James Her
vey Jones'- Black Silk II preserve, Mrs, W. H.
Kerr's Raven Open, ¦ dogs — First, Mrs.
W.. C. Ralston's Hampton Promise; second
Mrs. J. S.' Tobln's Colonel; .tfclrd. Mrs. W. H
Kerr's Raven Rezio. , Winners, dogs — First
DALMATIANS.
Mrs. W. • C. Ralston'4 Hampton Promise; re
serve. Mrs. J. J. Brooks' Delverton Cappl. Pup
pies, bitches — First. J. H. Dorian's Imp; sec
ond. Harrington Bros.' India Silk. Novice,
bitches — First. Plumerla Cocker Kennels' Plu
merta Portia; second. Mrs. J. Robertson's Lltoj
third. Mrs. G. H. Conaugh's Delverton Flavia.
Limit, bitches— First. Plumeria Cocker Ken
nela'.Plumeria Portia; second. Mrs. J. Robert
son's Llto; third. Mrs. J. P. Atkln's Sweet
hecrt's First: reserve, F. C. Strucen's Soroco.
Open, bitohes^ — First. Mra. W. C. Ralston's
Princess Flavia; second. Mrs. J. P. Atkln's
Mona II; third. Mra. J. Robertson's Llto;
brood bitch, special. Mrs. J. P. Atkin's Sweet
heart, Winners, bitches— First Mrs W C.
Ralston's Princess Flavia; reserve Plumeria
Cocker Kennel3' Plumeria Portia.
COCKER SPANIELS (OTHER THAN
BLACK).
Puppies, dogs — First. Miss Doretha Sharp
less Bud Zunts; second, Mrs. Thomas Mur
phy s Oabiian. Novice, dogs — First, J. H.
Dorian s Plumeria: second, Mrs. Philip C."
Meyers Glenwood Ralney; third, C. H. Lut- "
key s Cupid L. Limit, dogs— First. Miss. Doretha
tharpless' Bud Zunts; second. • E. F. Willis'
Plumeria Bud. Open, dogs— First. Plumerin
Cocker Kennels' Hampton Goldie; second. Mis j
poretha SharrUess' Bud Zunta. Winners.
d0KS -r Flrs t. Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Hamp
ton. Goldie; reserve. Miss Doretha Sharpleas'
Bua Zunts. Puppies, bitches — First. Mr3. W.
C. Kalston s Delverton Tiny; second. Mrs. W.
X" dayman » Fiji. Novice, bitches — Mrs. VT. ¦
S"i I I al ?, t - on ' s Tiny. Limit. bitches-
First, Piumeria Cocker Kennels' Plumerta Sur
fiTii' econd> Mr8 - W - c - Ralston'g Florodora;
J h | rd - Mr ?; E. G. Schmiedell's Vlacontess. Open,
bitches— First. Mrs. W. C. Ralston 1 s Little
Dorrlt; second. Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Plu
meria Fancy; third. Mrs. E. G. Schmiedell's
¦Viscountess. Winners, bitches— First. PJu
meria Cocker Kennels' Plumeria Surprise; re
serve, Mra. W. C. Ralston' s Little Dorrlt.
COLLIES.
Open, dogs and bitches— First, Joe Baruh's
BesBle B; second. Thomas Kelly & Sons' Sport;
third. Joe Baruh's Duke B; reserve, Joe I3A
ruh's Queen B Jr. .
Puppies, dogs— First, Al Coney's Robert
Bnice^ second. George Spreen's Schley; third.
Winter's Collie Kennels' Knowledge ; reserve
Mrs. L W. geely's St. Claire Pilot. Novice.
•» SS -^ £ st V°- J " AIb «e'9,Chevlot Construction:
second, T Carpenter's *f. S. Scamp; third. J.
A. Moreland's Don M III; reserve, David
> 1 *- Llmit ' d <>srs— First. O. J.
Mt^Vn Orms kr k Emerald Jr.: second.
.? i'5 Graves' Verona Braw Lad
r«;^ ird T - ° A - J i T Albe «'s Cheviot Construction;
reserve j a. Moreland's Don M III. Open
J?^^"^' -°- J i> AIbee "» Ormskirk Emerald
h;!i rf ; 3 ! rs - P '. "*- He arsfs Champion Old
Hall Admiral: third. Miss Ella Bostwlck
Graves' yerona Braw Laddie: reTerveTj \
O 0 j la A d^P°^ M 5£ Winners, dogsl-First;
Mr, C w Ormsklrk Eme "-ald Jr.; reserve
t>, Hea " ts Champion Old Hall Ad
vl^ fr"?^ 63 ' blt ches-Flrst. M. Coffey's Las
Thurher Ma tM :^ 8e< i Ond « J ' McCormick's y Pearl
1^1 c' i$ lr( L A ; B " Spreckels' Psyche; re
l,FZ- S '^ H - Rlchs Beautiful Bells. Novice.
£econrt*~T 0^; AIbee ' s °""^irk Fannil
second. J. McCortnick's Pearl Thurber- third
2»"p,«BS l b n S < 8J!EisaTfe
J ° 0 * 11 ' 2 e T ron * Collie; third, O.-J. /l.
BEAGLES.
Limit, bitches — First. Middlesex 1Tnnt"«
IRISH WATER SPANIELS
ZB%r'^-^ M^^^rnfy
POODLES.
Novice, dogs and bitches— First. Miss Till'a
Ftrs^M?^ S °° Tt <, J- lm "* d0^ a'nf bitches^
First. Misses McXenzie's Cocaine OdciT
dogs and bitches— First, Misses McKeniie";
Cocaine^ Toy poodles, open, dogs and bit Jhe£
BrjLLDOGS.
M^n Ihe^r^uTly^^
g» Ess J: ass SSS&^-g!
inent; second Morgan Shepard's Bu fy 5™!
&i.^ ln £ er ? does-First, George S Thomas'
ln£ 2 e E 5? lnent : reserve. George S.. Thomas'
Endcllffe Forceps. Novice, bitches— First
George S. Thomas' Endcllffe Pleasure-^ecc^d'
J. C Berret's True Blue: thir*^ Cart Ha^gen:
Jos' Bethel. Limit, bitches— First Georlfs
w°. m^' E nd =»ffe PleasureT^Serond W
Weiner-s Canford Rush; third. J. C Berret'a
True Blue: reserve. Carl Haggenloa' Betoil
?$%*• pitches-First. George S^Thomas' E^dl
cllffe Pleasure; second M. Weiner-a r-arTr^iU
Rush; third. J. C. Berret's Tr^e B!ue; SSSE?
Carl Haggenjos' Bethel. Winners' bitches-
First. George S. Thomas' Endcllffe Pleasui^
reserve. M. Weiner-s Canford Rush! " ea3Ure *
BULL TERRIERS.
t C £H ppI ??* to* 3 — First." Miss Ethel Hager'a
Wh.te Hun; second. Richard H. Rountre?"
Brigand. Novice, dogs— First. E. AttrtdM'l
Patsy; second. L. W. Neustadter-s Newmarke?
Duke II; third. Miss Gertrude M. Church's St
Anthony. Limit. dogs-First. E. Attridge's
Teddy; second. A. %. Kiehl's Sergeant B
Limit, dogs— First. F. Burnett's Jeff' second
Mrs. Beatrice Russell Youngbers's Jerr^ R
thlrd. L. W. Neustadter-s Newmafket DuTe S.*
Open dop- First. J. D. Spreckels Jr.'sCham
pton Banjo; second. E. Attridge's Teddy. Open
dogs— First, Mrs. Beatrice Russell Youngberjr's
3eTT Z ? , se S ond - L - w - Neustadter's New
markst Duke II. Winners, dogs— First J n
Spreckels Jr.'s Champion Banjo; reserve' E*
Attridge's Patsy. Puppies, bitches— fW
Dresser. Simpson & NIehaus' Juno- .eennrt"
Mr, L. A. Klein's High Llgh^/ No\°ce!
bitches — First, Dresser, Simpson & Nlehaua*
Juno; second. Mrs. L. A. Klein's High Lights
Limii bitches-First. J. C. Bone's Hawthoro
Snowflake; second. Dresser. Simpson & NIe
haus' Juno. Limit, bitches— First, Dr Harrv
L. Tevls' Lady Venom: second, C Steinbach'a
Bloomsbury Queen; third. Mrs. L. A Klein'«
High Lights. Open, bitches— First. J C Bone' a
Hawthorn Snowflake. Open, bitches— First
Dr. Harry L. Tevls' Belle Balsamo: second'
P 1 "-. 11^ h «. evlS T Lady v « non »: third. Mrs!
U A. Klein's High Lights. Winners. bitches-
First.' J. C. Bone's Hawthorn Snowflake- re
serve. Dr. Harry L. Tevis' Belle Balsamo.'
BOSTON TERRIERS.
Puppies, doers and bitches — First George S
Thomas* Endcllffe Vernette: second Albert
Joseph's Bunny; third, S, Christenson's Coro
nado Litha. Novice, dogrs — First, George S
Thomas' Endcliffe Premier; second. Lawrence
E. Van Winkle's Pete; third. W. R. Sink Jr '*
Sir Montez. Limit, dogs— First, George S
Thomas' Endcllffe . Premier; second. Mrs.
Thomas Magee Jr.'s Winner; third La wren ~e
E. Van Winkle's Pete. ¦ Open, dogs — First
George S. Thomas' Endcliffe Premier; second.
Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr.'s Winner; third. Law
rence E. Van Winkle's Pete; reserve, Mrs.
H, H. Carlton's Tremont. Winners, dogs —
First, George S. Thomas' Endcllffe Premier;
reserve, Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr.' a Winner
Novice, bitches — First. George S. Thomas' End
cllffe Vernette; second. George S.Thomas*
Endcllffe Betty; third, S. Christenson's Cbro
nado Litha; reserve. Albert Joseph's Bunny.
Limit, bitches — First. George S. Thomas' End
cllffe Vernette: second, George S. Thomas'
Endcllffe Betty; third, S. Christenson's Coro
nado Litha; reserve. George S. Thomas' End
cllffe Pride. Open, bitches — First. George S.
Thomas' Endcllffe Vernette: second. George 3.
Thomas' Endcliffe Betty; third. S. Christen
son's Coronado Litha: reserve, Graham E.
Babcock's Meg. iWinners. bitches — First.
George S. Thomas' Endcllffe Vernette; . re
serve. George S. Thomas' Endcliffe Betty.
DACHSHUNDS.
Puppies. dogs — First. Dr. Edwin Bunnefi's
Doc Jr: second. Julius Redelsheimer's Pretzels;
third. J. C. Berret's Merry ; Fritz. Bitches—
First. Dr. Edwin Bunnell's Fraulein; second.
Mrs. E. Trombonl's Dackel. Limit, dogs — First.
Julius Redelshelmer*s Pretzels: second. J. C.
Berrcfs Merry Fritz; third. Adolph Poekwltz"«»
Luzcr. Limit, do*s — First. J. C. Berrefa
Merry Fritz; second. Dr. Edwin Bunnell's Doc.
Open, dogs — First. J. C. Berret's Merry
Fritz; second, A. Ohmeyer's Fritz der Orosse.
Winners, dogs — First. Dr. Edwin Bunaell's Doc
Jr. ; reserve. Julius Redelsheimer's Pretzels.^
Novice, bitches— First. Graham E. Babcock'a
Pretzel: second. Graham E. Babcock's Ohja;
third Mrs. J. S. Tobln's Pretzel II. Limit,
bitches — First. Graham E. Babcock's Pretzel;
second. Graham E. Babcock'B Olga: third,
Mrs. J. S. Tobln'a Pretzel II. Open, bitches —
First, Graham E. Babcock's Pretzel; second,
Graham E. Babcock's Olga; third, A. Oh
meyer's Fraulein; reserve. Mrs. J. S. Tobln'a
Pretzel II.
Winners, bitches — First. Dr. Edwin Bnn
nell' s Frauletn II ; reserve, Graham E. Bab*
cock's Pretzel.
GORDON SETTERS— FIELD TRIAL. CLASS
Pointers and setters, open, dogs — First. J. E.
Lucas' Aleck C: second, W. W. Van Arsdale'a
Dr. Daniels; third, W. S. Tevls' Cuba Jr.; r«-
J. H. Rosseter's Greyhounds Capture First
Prize for Best Brace Entered in the
Show-San Mateo Hunt Glub Mounds Win
WALCOTT, THE ENIGMA OF THE RING,
WILL MEET GEORGE GARDNER AGAIN
Rival Boxers Scheduled to Go Twenty Rounds to a Decision
To-Night in Woodward's Pavilion Before the Yosemite Club.
The Colored Welter Weight Is .; Favorite ; in the Betting
SECOND DAY OF DOG SHOW
ATTRACTS BIG ATTENDANCE
DOWLING PITCHES WINNING
BALL AGAINST EWING'S MEN
Senators Capture Fast Game by a Score of
I to o — Schmidt Twirls Cleverly and the
Fielding of Both Teams Is of Snappy Style
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1
Base hits 1 2 0 0 3 0 0 0 O—6
Oakland Q 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 1 2 0 0 2 0 0 1 — 6
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit— Mohler. 'Sacrifice Hits-
Schmidt,- Wagner. First base on errors — Sac
ramento 2. First base on called balls— Off
Schmidt 2. Off Dowllng 2.. Left on" bases-
Oakland 3, Sacramento 6. - Struck I out — By
Schmidt 1, by Dowling 4. , Hit by pitcher —
Easran. Double plays— Wagner to Doyle to
Sheehan, Francks to Mohler to Streib. Time
of game — 1 hour 23 minutes. Umpire—O'Con
nell. Official scorer— Harry Cashman. '
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — McPartlin 1, Whalen
2. Two-base hits — Reilly, Slagle. Sacrifice
hit — Raymer. First base on errors — Los An
geles 2, San Francisco 1. First base on called
balls — Off McPartlin 3, off Whalen 1. Left on
bases — Los Angelea 0. San Francisco 5. Struck
out— By McPartlin 1. by Whalen -3. Hit by
pitcher — Leahy. Double play — Reilly to Ray
mer to Atherton. Wild pitch — Whalen. Time
of same — 1:35. Umpire — McDonald. '•
Los Angeles;.... 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 ' 2 ' x— 5
Base hits 20 0, 41201 x 10
San Francisco... 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 1 1 2 0 00 10 2 0
Totals 30 2 0 1 24 15 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, 1. f 4 0 0 0 1, 1 1
Bone, 2b 4 0 2 0 2 30
Lawlor, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0' 0
Holly, s. s....: 3 0 1 0 1 5 1
Shugart, 3b 4 1 0 1 0 4-1
Leahy, c 3 0 1 0 4, 0 1
Delma-s. lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 1
Meredith, r. f 2 1 1 '0 10 0
Whalen, p...; 2 0 0 0 0 2 O
SAX
Totals 33 5 10 4 27 17 2
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. e 4 0 0 0 4 4 0
Hannlvan, 1. f 4 O 2 140 0
Atherton. lb 4 12 0 9 1 0
Householder, c f., . 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Raymer, 2b 3 10 15 3 0
Reilly. 3b 4 2 3 11 4 0
Anderson, c 3 0 11 1 3 1
Siagle. r. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
McPartlin, p... 3 0 0 0 2 2 1
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES. April 24.— The San
Francisco team to-day appeared on the
local grounds for the first time this sea
son and were. taken in by Morley's men
to the tune of 5 to 2. It really was easy
for the Seraphs, owing to the many errors
of the visitors and the . effective work of
McPartlln. Whalen pitched good ball, but
his support was ragged. Reilly had his
batting stick to-day and lined out a two
bagger and two singles. There was an
unusually big crowd for Thursday, fully
2500 enthusiasts cheering the home team
to victory. Score:
Lros Angeles Team.
T/ncle's Men Are Easy Prey for the-
WKALEN'S SUPPORT IS POOR
ST. LOUIS, April 24.— The fight to-night
at the West End Club between Benny!
Yanger of Chicago and Abe Attel of San
Francisco was stopped by the police in
the nineteenth roUnd, v the officers, of the
law figuring that Attel ' was on the point
of being knocked out.. ','..".'
Referee George. Siler" gave the decision
to Yanger, although Attel was still full of
fight. The affair was scheduled to go
fifteen' rounds, with the privilege to the
referee' of extending it five more rounds
in case he was not satisfied that either,
man had a distinct advantage at- the
close of the fifteenth r6und. When the
battle had progressed to the full limit the
men were on even terms, and Referee.
Siler called upon them to go the addi
tional five rounds.
Yanger's aggressiveness and terrific hit
ting power ; won him the decision, the
California boy succumbing to a storm
of blows" in the last four rounds. Attel.
exhibited remarkable courage and fought
with desperation to the very last. . ;
California Boxer Exhibits Remark
able Courage and Makes a -
Great Showing-. -
POLICE STOP YANGEB, '. '
AND ATTEL PRIZEFIGHT
Walcott opened . favorite in what little
betting was done at odds of 8 to 10. This
changed to 9 to 10 yesterday. "V£ry little;
money will cause a change in odds. It.
is expected it will be even money and
take your pick before the men enter the!
ring to-night.
'/When the boxers met before . Gardner
had an injured thumb, a reminder of an.
engagement with Kid Carter, and failed
to live up to the expectations of hls>
friends. He will have no excuse to offer'
this time. He found it difficult to settle
down to the j humdrum of I training, but;
once he did so he quickly rounded Into;
condition. If appearances count for any-,
thing he is again at his best. .. ,
Walcott is fresh , from the East after
defeating Fred Russell, ..who outweighed;
him 100 pounds.- He' also met .Jack :
O'Brien, who has made a great showing,
in England. Walcott has been fighting
twelve years and : has- -never ¦ been :
knocked out.- \ ¦ . ">'¦¦'
Both men were particular about the'
referee, a sure indication that each:
thinks he has a chance for the long;
end of the purse. E. T. Smith. of Oak-!
land, an authority on boxing, finally:
proved agreeable to both lighters..- •• " ••;
If the cars are not running to-night the:
management will arrange forr special:
buses to and from the Pavilion. .
JOSEPH WALOOTT, the unsolved
and apparently unsolvable enigma
of the prize ring, will meet George
Gardner, to-night in Woodward's
Pavilion for the second time. :< r^r-
RESULTS OF THURSDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
OAKLAND.
AB. B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf 4 0 1 0 1 1 0
Mohler, 2b 3 0 10 4 4 0
Ptreib. Jb 3 0 0 1 14 1 0
McCreedle. rf 3 0 0 0 0 0 0'
Devereaux. 3b 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Dunieavy. If 3 0 1 0 2 1 0
Francks. es 3 0 0 0 1 7 2
Gorton, c 3 0 1 0 3 2 0
Schmidt, p .......... 2 0 2 0 0 2 0
Totals 27 0 6 1 27 21 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. 3b 3 0 2 0 110
Doyle, 2b 4 0 1 0 3 4 0
Kajran. es 2 O 0 0 3 5 0
Rcbsamen, cf . 4 0 0 1 10 0
Birmingham, lb .... 4 0 0 Oil 0 0
Frary, rf 4 110 10 0
Wagner, If .....3 0 1 1 1 2 «•
Graham, c 3 0 10 6 2 0
Cowling, p 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 29 1 6 2 27 17 0
PETE DOWLINQ has Joined a
temperance club and 1b going to
be good.' To celebrate this change
of heart he met- and conquered
the Oakland sluggers yesterday
afternoon at Recreation Park. Pete
had a variety of curves and speed enough
to place him In a class with the cannon
brigade. Ewing's whirlwinds could not,
touch him with telegraph poles, so Mike
Fisher was made glad with the cheerful
side of a one to nothing ending.
Dowllng and Fisher talked in whispers
to each other before leaving Sacramento
for the local battleground. Pete promised
to ride on the water wagon and go over
the bumps of the rocky road with straps
on the seat. He said he would haughtily
pass the gilded palaces where the knights
of the white coat juggle with cash regis
ters and the fluid that exhilarates and
drives away trouble. So after Mike had
handed him a package of fatherly con
talk the husky southpaw was once more
taken under the parental wing and the
heart of the Sacramento fans beat wildly
for joy.
Schmidt did the brainy stunt for the
men who cross the pond, and his work
was just as fine as Dowling's, only he
was unfortunate enough to let the Sena
tors vote for three hits in the .fifth, which
gave them the lone point and the money.
The score really should have been two to
one in favor of Sacramento, but thanks
to the haughtiness of Wagner, and Gor
ton, who imagined they could circle the
pillows without going through the for
mality of stepping on number three. It re
mained as already quoted.
The run was scored in the fifth on
singles by Frary and Sheehan. a sacrifice
by Wagner and an infield out by Graham.
The Oaklands nearly reached the limit
on one occasion, but Schmidt was barely
caught at the pan when Mohler doubled
to left field in the sixth. The Senators
played without a spot on the error col
umn. Francks' two misplays were hard
chances and not cqpetly. The game was a
pretty one throughout and marked by
fast fielding and scientific work by both
teams. The score:
THE SAN FBANCISCO f!ALL^ JEID^Y, APRIL 25^ 1902;
5FRIDAY.... I...:.:.... APRIL 35. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKEl^JPropneJjr^^^^
klinu All CommmileitieM t> W. B. LEAK, Ktniger.
ri?BLICATIO\ OFFICE... Market *»* Tfclrd. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Connect
You With tie Department You Wlsh.r '. ¦$£*.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Stnsrle Coplea. G Cent".
Terms by Mall. Including Poitftgci
TiXTtrr CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILT CALL dnclulSnjr Sunday). 6 months .• 8-O0
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1-W
DAILY CALL— By Slngrle Month
6OTDAY CALL. On« Year *- M
VTEEKLT CALL, One Year ...1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
¦ubucrlpttona.
Eample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers !n ordering change of address should be
partlcolar to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
ta Insure a prxept and correct compliance with their reiueat.
OA1CLAAD OFFICE..... ..1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGKESS,
Xtmager Fcrtign Advertising. Xarputt* Building Chicago.
<Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAItLTOX ..Herald Sqnnre
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Bouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Freaotit House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFHE5T D. SMITH. ... : .. .30 Tribune Butldlnsr
WASHIXGTOJf (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., PT. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS :
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent a no, 31 Union Square;
Murray H1U Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open 'until 9 o'clock. v 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corjiw Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
tmtil 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. xn.
The total' area of the public lands may
be stated to be approximately 1,809,539,840
acres, of which 914,096,974 acres are undis
posed of. 147,356,902 acres have been re
served for various purposes and 748,085,964
acres have been appropriated.
¦ " /•-'••-•
A Fe-wr Farms Still Left.
L. B. McCord, a merchant of Hanford,
is down here on a short business trip and
has made his headquarters at the Grand.
A. P. Stewart, traveling passenger agent
of the Chicago and Alton, is among the
arrivals at the Occidental.
O. Y. Woodward, an extensive land
owner of Woodward's Island, Is among
the arivals at the Grand.
"W. H. De,vlin, a former prison director
and a prominent attorney of Sacramento,
is a guest at the Lick.
M. M. Baxter) editor o fthe World, of
Vancouver, B. C, is a guest at the Lick.
C. Jesse Titus, a banker of Mountain
View,' registered at the Palace yesterday.
R. D. Hatch, a dairyman of Novato, 13
staying at the Lick.
Bernard F. Smith, a prison official of
Folsom, is at the Grand. -
J. E. Terry, a well-known resident of
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
James McNeil, a well-known capitalist
of Santa Crux, is at the Palace.
Colonel W. Forsyth, a resident of
Fresno, is a guest at the Ocidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The entertainments given in past .years
by this assembly have always been most
successful, and this one. it is believed,
will not prove an exception to the rule.
The membership of the assembly Is large
and the friends of the members is legion,
and a large attendance is expected In con
sequence.
quartet, and the Misses Camille Carlyle
and Phoebe Dunn, two little ones who
are pronounced by those who have seen
them as "the cutest little people that
have ever appeared behind the foot
lights."
A Chicago professor says the weddirtg ring is, a
survival of barbarism,. a' badge of servitude and sym
bol {of .slavery, ¦ but, it is ten to one his wife doesn't
look at it in that; way : \
The young fellow of this city who fired a shot at
Us wife the other day and now rests free from prose
cution because of the refusal of his spouse to prose
cute must have some peculiarly . seductive method of
impressing the lady with the virtues of wifely sub
mission. ••>. ¦
Nicaragua has found a unique method of raising
funds with which to run the Government, provoke
revolutions and make itself generally disagreeable. It
imprisons its wealthy 'citizens without cause and
keeps them in jail until they pay. heavy liberation
money. . .
: FARALLONES — S., City. It is not
known - who called ;. the group ot • islands
outside the Heads of San Francisco har
bor Farallones. Farallone In Spanish is
a term used , to designate a cliff, a cape, a
headland and a pointed Island in the sea.
Farol' is lantern, beacon, .lighthouse,
and leon .lslion.' Now r it has been as
serted by some that the islands were In
the] long distant past, before ' the ships
of commerce sailed by • them on the way
to and from the Golden Gate, the home of
the I sea", lions, as the rocks f near • the Cliff
House are at this time" the ;home of the
seals! the home of, sea lions, and that In
a gigantic monolith upon the .rocks there
is an Immense clean-cut round; hole.^like
a f . window," or light . in a' lantern, through
which the setting sun glows, with peculiar
effect, so that the early , Spaniards asso
ciated ithis opening with a lantern shin
ing on the home of the lions,- and using
the two names in : combination created the
word Farallones, which, according to that
assertion, would , merfn • the light of . the
lions. -. . -¦ ¦ .:
SCANDINAVIAN— N. H., Pleasanton,
Cal. Scandinavian refers to Scandinavia,
or that . region which comprehends the
kingdoms of Denmark, • Norway and
Sweden. A Scandinavian' Is a native of
the region called Scandinavia. The name
Scandinavia Is a geographical or rather
ethnographical term comprehending in the
wide sense Sweden, "Norway/ 'Denmark
and Iceland, -but in the narrower sense it
Is confined to the peninsula' of Norway
and Sweden, so In the broad sense an na
tive of Denmark may be called a Scandi
navian, but in the narrow sense . he Is a
Dane,, just ; as . a • man born in Paris is
either a Frenchman or a Parisian.
GEORGE ADE-R. E. G., Oakland, Cal.
George Ade, Journalist and author, was
born In j Kentland, Ind., February, 1866.
He is a graduate of Pardue . University,
1887. That year he entered the field of
journalism, . at Lafayette, Ind., where he
remained until 1890, when he secured a po
sition on the Chicago Record and has been
a resident of that . city ever since. I^e is
the author of "Artie," "PThk March,"
"Doc Horn," '.'Fables in Slang," "More
Fables," etc. ','..¦•'.'
It can hardly be doubted that this appeal will find
a cordial: response from a majority at least of the as
sociation. A large number -of the leading men in
the order have long since! realized that the associa
tion . must become something more . than a social
organization and must have higher objects than that
of festivity and the development of fraternal senti
ments. It L must take a leading part in the' earnest
and strenuous work _ of upbuilding the State. Cali
fornia, with all its golden realities and its abundant
promise, is the heritage of the Native Sons, and it is
In his letter to the delegates to the Grand Parlor
of the Native Sons President Sbarboro says: "At
this moment, when the commercial organizations,
the press and citizens generally, fronvone end of the
State to the other, are actively working to build-up
the State, and when the orders of the Elks and the
Knights of Pythias are moving to- make our re
sources better known throughout the United States,
it would seem that a great opportunity is presented
to the Native Sons of the Golden West to take the
lead in measures to develop the industries of the
State, and we beg to express the, earnest' hope that
the Grand Parlor may* at its coming session, take
further ¦ action oh the subject and such as shall be
calculated to induce' the ; widest activity among the
parlors and to "produce results "of practical value to
the State." ¦ :
T-n RESIDENT SBARBORO of the Ma'nufactur
r-* ers' and Producers' Association has once more
'¦¦¦ • called the attention of the Native Sons to the
opportunity now . afforded them as an order to ad
vance the welfare of the industries of California. In
fact, the work which. is now under way for the im
provement and development of the State is one in
which the Native Sons' organization • is peculiarly
fitted to assist. That association is made up of
young men who have the highest interests in Cali
fornia, and whose zeal on its behalf, can be drawn
from native patriotism as well as from an intelligent
sense of business advantage.
INCREASE THE HERITAGE.
:¦<-—¦ *
ROBINS— A Daily Reader, City. There
is not anything in the laws of the State
that prevents the killing of robins at any
time. County Supervisors have the power
to pass laws to protect birds. To ascer
tain If any of the counties have any or
dinance In relation to robins you would
have to write to the clerk of the Board
of Supervisors of each county. '
RELIGION— A Subscriber, City. If a
person desires to change ; from one re
ligion to another. such person should call
upon one of the - ministers of the faith
that such party desires to embrace, and
all information as to what is requisite
for the change will be imparted.
An interesting story comes from South Africa to
the effect that when the Irish residents of Bloemfon
tein were making arrangements for their St. Pat
rick's day banquet they decided to invite all com
mandants of British posts in the neighborhood who
are of Irish birth, and thereupon it was discovered
that "all the commandants within a radius of sixty
miles from Bloemfontein are Irishmen." The jubi
lant company resolved to form a South African Irish
Association, and it looks as if it might take in very
nearly every officer in the British 'army.
PRIVATE TOKEN— Inquirer, Vallejo,
Cal. The copper piece, of - which you sent
a rubbing, is not a coin, but one of many
tokens issued by merchants and others
about the time it bears date. Its value
is only such as seekers after curios will
be willing to give for It.
So far everything will; be simple, but sooner or
later difficulties will arise. Even in the, best regu
lated governments there are troubles,, and the]regu
lations" in Cuba have the defect of being; military
regulations imposed from without by an alien power.
The machinery of the administration will start
smoothly, but it will not run far before it meets ob
structions. ,Every one wishes the ,new President
success, but it is by no means improbable that he
may be back at Central Valley, in the good State of
New .York, much sooner than he expects.
Palma will find his entrance upon, the government
of the island as easy as his entrance to the island.it
self. ¦ For a long time past preparations have been
made for his coming, and everything has been ar
ranged so that the new government will be started
as, easily as a ship is launched from a weir regulated
shipyard. The American authorities , in the island
have fixed everything down to the slightest detail.
The' machinery of administration is all in good order
and has been thoroughly tested. All that Palma will
have to do will be to take the 1 oath of office, show
himself at a grand inaugural ; parade and fiesta, and
then take his seat, touch a button and tell the offi
cials to resume business.
So far as told everything has been lovely. On his
arrival at Holguin he was received by 6000 natives
and proceeded to the City Hall followed by a pro
cession two miles long. American troops formed the
escort of honor, and after them came / pretty ; girls
wearing liberty caps, waving banners and strewing
flowers on the way. It was a fit beginning for a new
republic in a land of flowers, a right welcome to a
long exiled patriot. A touch of dramatic climax
closed the day when the President-elect was con
ducted in honor to the same room in. what was then
the palace Of the Spanish general where twenty-five
years ago he' had been- confined as a prisoner.
PRESIDENT-ELECT PALMA has been re
ceived in Cuba with what are reported to be
universal acclamations. If the followers of
Gomez and others who protested so vigorously
against the methods by which he was elected have
shown any signs of discontent the reports have ig
nored them..'; 'J~K-V-
PALMA AND HIS TASK
GOOD FRIDAY— B. A., Selby, Cal. Pre
vious to the present year Good Friday
fell on the 28th of March in 1823 and In
1834— that is, since. 1801.
WAR TAX .' ON TEA— B. B. D., City.
The war tax of 10 cents per pound on tea
•will be removed January 1, 1903.
LOTTERY— B., Oakland, Cal. This de
partment cannot give you any advice in
regard to lotteries.
HALF OF 1834— A Reader, Napa; CaJ.
A silver half dollar of 1834 Is not listed
as a premium coin.
DIMES OF 1838—E. F. B., City. Dimes
of 1838 are worth 10 cents from a dealer's
standpoint. ' "
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The recommendation for a water patrol has been
frequently made by the Police Department, but the
.recommendation has been always set aside as un
necessary. It seems to be the opinion that as we
have done without such a patrol in the past we can
continue to do without it. That opinion, however, is
based upon nothing except a stagnant conservatism^
The property along our miles of water front is in
creasing in value and . is entitled to , adequate pro
tection- The need for it is urgent and it should be
granted -without further delay.
In several instances of late the thieves have rowed
their boats under the wharves and from that point
of safe concealment have cut holes through the
flooring oT warehouses or stores and plundered them
while running hardly any risk at all of detection by
the patrolmen walking along the streets.
San Francisco is perhaps the only civilized seaport
of any size in the wcrld that is lacking in a com
plete outfit for, water patrol, and yet there is hardly
any city where one is more needed. The water front
of San Francisco is extensive and a large amount of
property is established along it Of late there have
been repeated evidences that thieves approaching
the wharves from the water can ply their trade with
an almost absolute impunity by reason of the fact
* that they cannot be seen by a patrol on the street
no nutter how vigilant may be his watch.
the front on water as well as on land.
While the Auditor may be right in estimating
that an increase of 100 men will be sufficient, there
can be no question that he is in error in deciding
that a patrol-boat is not necessary at this time.
There is no need of the department more urgent than
that of pioviding for an effective patrol of the water
front, and that patrol can be made effective only by
providing the police with the means of patrolling
Whether the additional 100 men allowed for will
be sufficient to bring the force up to what the needs
of the city require is for experts to decide. At the
present time the men are overworked and some of
the beats are excessively long. An increase of the
force is imperative, and in providing for it every
need of the department should be given full consid
eration. Of late crime in .San Francisco has been
altogether too frequent, and the blame for* it can
not be justly laid upon the police, for the men have
been faithful and energetic despite the long hours
and the long patrols imposed upon them.
Upon these points, and particularly the last, -Chief
of Police Wittman, a competent authority, disagrees
from the Auditor.'
AUDITOR BAEHR in his estimates for the
ensuing fiscal year just submitted to the
Board of Supervisors says: "I have allowed
the Police Department, approximately, 100 additional
patrolmen, thereby giving the now overworked men
eight-hour shifts. By this addition to the force the
city can be better patrolled and the lives and prop
erty of citizens afforded more protection. 1 have
carefully .reviewed all the needs of the department
and do not consider that the extra sergeants and
corporals and the $10,000 for a patrol-boat asked for
are available or necessary at this time."
NEEDS OF THE POLICE.
Furthermore Mr. Austin says: "In the great
currents of air and water traversing the Pacific the
conditions are especially favorable to the United
States. The fact that a great current of water and;
air flows westerly across the Pacific Ocean from'
about the mouth of the proposed isthmian canal by
way of the Hawaiian Islands to the Philippines,'
thence turning northward past the great commercial,
centers of Asia—^Shanghai and Yokohama—swing
ing across the Pacific in the vicinity of the_ 'Great
Circle,',, the shortest ; route across : the* ocean, thence
down the western coast of the United States' and past
our chief Pacific Coast cities to the- very point of.be
ginning, seems to give special advantages to the com
merce between the two sections! The distance from
Brito, at the western end of the proposed Nicaraguan
canal, to Manila, following the equatorial currents of
air and water,. via the Sandwich Islands, is in round
numbers 10,000 miles; and from Manila back to
Brito, via Shanghai, Yokohama and San Francisco,
10,500 miles, thus giving to the vessels engaged »in
that commerce the advantages of favorable air and
water currents during the entire voyage, and prac
tically at all periods of the year."
Commercial relations between the United States
and the countries of , the Orient are bound to be
mutually profitable because we produce what ' they
need, and their products -are, mainly of a kind which
do not compete with our own. Thus it is pointed out
that in the year 1901 the importation into this country
of tropical and subtropical products amounted to
nearly $400,000,000, or almost one-half the total im
ports 1 of the United States. They consisted mainly
of such articles as raw silk, indiarubber, fibers, cab
inet and dye woods, tea, coffee, cocoa, etc. On the
other hand, those countries are importing goods
which we produce and for which we are now looking
for markets. • \
. Of late years. the progress .of American trade with
China arid the Orient .genefally has been remark-,
able. Mr. Austin says: "We have made much more
rapid gains in the commerce with the Orient than
any other nation, our exports to the Orient having
grown from $40,000,000. in 1891 to $115,000,000 in
1901, an increase of 180 per cent, while the total ex
ports were increasing but 50 per .cent. Our imports
from the oriental countries increased during the same
time from $165,000,000 to $162,000,000, an increase of
over 50 per cent, while the total imports of the coun
try were increasing but, 10 per cent."
Mr. Austin began by pointing out that it is only in
the last few years the American people have turned
their attention ¦ seriously to a consideration of for
eign commerce. The attention of our capitalists has
been' mainly occupied in the past by the construc
tion of rai^ays through the interior of the country
and .the development of the rich regions opened up
by them. Of late, however, our. production has out
run the local demand and there is now-a desire for
new markets. With the awakening of -that- desire
there has naturally come an increased attention to the
Orient.
O. P. AUSTIN, chief , of the Bureau of Statis
tics, recently delivered before the Na
. • tional Geographic Society at Washing
ton a lecture on the. commerce of rhe Pacific, which,
while containing nothing hew on that much .dis
cussed subject, is none the less interesting "as ..pre
senting a summary of the latest developments in the
commerce of the Pacific given by ' a .' . . first-class
authority. '¦;-- •". ¦
COMMERCE' OF THE PACIFIC.
Maxim has just submitted to the inspection of the
British War Office a new war machine described as
"a sort of land battleship." It is a heavily armored;
car mounted .with four: guns, and;, while designed
mainly for coast defense, it is adaptable for service
in the field, and it is said "it can go anywhere." The
War Office ought to giveit a trial chasing Boers.
Such reasoning may not be very sound, but there
is enough in the situation to warn Republicans that
they cannot. afford to make blunders nor to count
upon Democratic blundering. The split in the party
on the Cuban reciprocity question, involving, as
that measure does, something of surrender of pro
tection principles, is ominous of disaster. The effort
to force the renomination of Gage is perilous so far
as this State is concerned. In short, it is time for
Republicans to take heed of what {hey are doing.
The Democrats are really uniting, and Republicans
must not divide.
In addition to the gains hoped for through Re
publican mistakes the Democrats are counting
largely upon the inevitable desire of a considerable
number of the people for a change. It is pointed out
that in the fourteen Congressional elections that
have taken place in the last twenty-eight years the
Democrats have been successful eight times and the
Republicans-six times; .that in no case has either
party carried the House in three successive elec
tions except in those that have followed since 1894.
Bryanism.pufc the .Democratic party virtually out of
the field in the East, and so' long, as '.'Bryan was the
recognized leader of the party it had no chance; but
now that he is set aside it is believed by sanguine
Democrats that the law of mutability in the public
mind will reassert itself and Democracy will win.
As a result of this movement there is an increased
activity in Democratic circles, and it is certain
Democracy is not going into' the campaign either as
a demoralized or a hopeless party. Some of their
political experts are already figuring out* the election
of a Democratic House of Representatives. It is
known that a considerable number of Republicans in
the present House were elected, by very narrow ma
jorities, and a small amount of discontent • growing
out of the Cuban reciprocity treaty or some other
blunder ofthe kind on the part of Republican leaders
may bring about the defeat of several of them.
One of the significant features of the movement is
the application that has been made by Representa
tive Griggs of Georgia, chairman of the Congres
sional campaign committee, to leading Democrats. in
the East for counsel and assistance instead of turning
to Bryan and his Western Populists. Hill,- Whitney,
Olney, Lamont and men of that type have been sum
moned to the party councils, and the Bryan follow
ing has been ignored.
Having thus obtained the support^ of the South,
the Eastern. Democratic leaders and organs are rap
idly formulating a campaign on a platform of two
planks — anti-protection and anti-imperialism. The
party has no affirmative programme to offer. It
will enter the contest strictly as a party of opposi
tion. That fact, however, does not weaken its
chances. In fact, it is perhaps more dangerous . by
confining itself to opposition than it could be by at
tempting to defend an affirmative platfqrm.-
the central States."
The Washington . correspondent of, the New York
Time's says: ''The harmony movement originated in
the Seriate, which is the hotbed of the reaction
against Bryan. It is not too much to say that jhere
is not a single thick-and-thin Bryan man left in the
Senate. The harmony movement is not - the off
spring of any 'gold bugs' or 'traitors.' It proceeds
from; men who have hitherto been counted as
Bryan's strongest supporters, and they are advising
followers to ; disregard his counsels. While these
men are engineering this movement, they have no
.intention of putting the South unduly forward or
grabbing at the honors. What they want fs national
victory, first in 1902 and then in 1904. They have be
come convinced that all hopes of making important
inroads in the West are rainbows, and that to win
they must have the East' and what they can get of
REPORTS from Washington, New York and
Boston, show that the Eastern and Southern
Democrats are rapidly getting together- and
will make a formidable fight in the Congressional
elections this year,, and may possibly achieve suc
cesses that will render them even more formidable
in the Presidential contest of 1904. The movement is
in the direction of free trade, and it is quite probable
the country may have to undergo the disturbing agi
tations of another fight on the protective system un
der which our industries have been built up.
LEO ASSEMBLY WILL
ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
their duty to cultivate and : improve it: to thf highest,
degree. .. The general movement; nbw.starfced to . ad
vance the whole State is ' their- opportunity. They
shouldmake , full use of.it and set all their energies
to work;to profit by it. '•. \ v
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Opinions, of publishers, like ««»J^£
doctors, differ sometimes. I to ™ *gl a< 2
mentioned 'how timorous a P uW!s J« "
about launching forth to any erenttxttM
until after the coronation c« erQ °";. e r 3 '
but Grant Richards expi esses his 'enure
disbelief in the theory that the coronation
will prejudicially affect the book trade.
He believes the only reason tnere . can °®
for a smaller output of books this year
than in previous .years is that authors are
not writing books. Publishers feel justi
fied in risking their money In publishing
but naturally no books will be issued just
at coronation time. Afterward, however,
there Is tho probability of an early be
ginning of the holiday season, which w
always a good time for the sale of books.
The chief Interest has. I think, centered
among, the reading public during the last
few days in the announcement of Messrs.
Methuen, of their being about to publish
another romance by Marie Corelll. At
any rate, they say the manuscript will
be In their hands some time in May. and
the book will be out some time during the
summer. It will be remembered tHat the
"Master Christian." Miss Corelli'a last
book of importance, was published al
most two years ago, but what is now
puzzling people very much is the an
nouncement by the publishers that the
new book "deals with a subject which
has never been treated In fiction, and
ultimately touches certain points which
for some time have been uppermost !n
the minds of many people." *£"'*'*
What can this be? is the question. It
is certainly a hard one to answer.
The war in South Africa, the increased
income tax. the Japanese alliance, plng
pong. are all topics which have been up
permost in most minds, but they have all
bten more or leas dealt with in. fiction,
the last named especially. There is no
end to fiction about it. Now. as Misa
CorelU is so good in keeping a secret, the
public will probably have to possess their
souls in patience till the date of publica
tion is fixed. .. ' ; . - •
There Is quite a thrill at the mere pos
sibility of a hitherto unknown work by
John Milton coming t<aflftlght. This possi
bility certainly applies .to a book which
Murray Is to publish In the autumn. It
is an anonymous romance In prose and
verse, written in the time of Charles I.
It is therefore contemporary with Milton,
and the internal s evidence of Its being
written by him la Bald to be remarkable.
It is to the credit of a London non
conformist minister, the Rev. Walter
Begley, to make this literary find. He
came upon it in an ancient tome where It
appears to have lain undiscovered for so
long. After a full study of the work and
all the circumstances bearing upon it he
feels entitled to attribute it. "until fur
ther evidence, to the illustrious John Mil
ton." The romance has the long title,
"Nova Solyma, the Ideal City of Zlon; or,
Jerusalem Regained."
H. B. Irving, who In the . intervals of
acting, has written a book on Judge Jeff
reys and famous criminals, is contem
plating another work of much the same
order. Irving was, as all the world
knows, a barrister before he went on the
stage. It ¦ was his legal training which
treated this Interest in criminals, both
Judicial and lay.
Another Defect in Charter.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that the appli
cation of M. Adrian King for a franchise
to operate a telephone system can be
granted only In accordance with the
legislative act Lane holds that the pro
visions of the charter do not govern the
granting of a franchise for a telephone
and telegraph ' system, aa there are no
provisions of- th^ charter in any manner
referring to such a franchise.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's* -
Prunes stuffed with apricots.Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jap.- bask
ets A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 'Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th©
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The first salt was produced in this coun
try prior to 1620 and In the various reports
of the Federal census mention Is made of
not less than thirty-two States In which
salt ha3 at some period been produced in
considerable quantities.
?? Going to Thunder Mountain PP
The Northern Pacific Railway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest rou^e. Frow Lewiaton
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either "Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails Into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATE1«3R,
O. A.. 64T Market at. S. F.
The one great virtue of Burnett's Vanilla Ex
tract ta purity. It's real vanilla extract A noth
ing bat vanilla extract. Always use Burnett's.
DEMOCRATS GETTING TOGETHER.
THE SAN PMCISCO;CALL v tAi)AY^API1IL/ 25, 1902;
Odd Fellow's Hall. The commit
tee'having charge .of the affair has been
hard at j work to make It a great
success. The following named /will- take
part In the programme of entertainment:
Mrs. Edith Kane, James . Foley, L. J.
Schumann, Edward Sastaldi and Master
Buchlgnanl; Joseph English and James
Emmett; Mrs. E. Burns and McE. V.
McGinty; Arthur Kiernan; the Orpheus
T EO ; ASSEMBLY : No. 4, Young
I Men's Catholic Union, will give its
X_j fourteenth annual entertainment
¦^T* and ball tp-morrow. evening in
TOTS WHO WILL TAKE PART
IN AN ENTERTAINMENT IN ODD
FELLOWS' HALL TO-MORROW.
6
By J. D. Horan— Saturday. April 26. at 11 o'clock. Horses
at comer Tenth and Bryant streets.
By Wm G. Layrg — Monday. April 28. at 11 o'clock. Driv-
ing Horses. Buggies, etc.. at 246 Third street.
By E. Smith— Tuesday. April 29, at 11 o'clock. Fashion
Staples, at Stockton. Cal.
AUCTION SALES.
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Captain Lettarblalr."
Tlvoll — 'The Tortone Teller."
Central— "A Child of Fortune."
Alcazar — "The Two Escutcheons."
Columbia — "David Garrick." •
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Cleopatra."
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
addresses by notlfyinsr The Call Business Office.
Thin paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented t»y a local agent In
all towns on the coast.
Call subscriber* contemplating: a chnnpe oi
residence <Iorinjc the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
PONT MISS THE GREAT COMIC SECTION,
Sunday's
What I Hope to Be When I
Fifteen boys chosen at random from the
1 public schools tell of their am'
Prize Winners in the Memory j
w ,,, t . c .-77 ,» ./ Odd Questions and Strange
With the Sunday Call of May 4 ¦». «. . •-. . . °
will begin a series of costume inmgS People Do at the
iffiV'SSTtJlrte fc88a*e-Room Window. \
Some Costvmeso! New York's =
widely known fociety Udies, FOUT Hundred.
LOOK FOR THE WATERSPRITE _. - . . ¦
ON MAY FOURTH TnC S P««mi^ Wheel
\ ¦-¦'¦"'¦¦¦ - - - By LILLIAN RUSSELL.
~~s~' .-• Experiences o! a Stagc-Struck
GirL
Beauty Quest, Fashions and
See Pat and Heiny in NewSearch Hills for Hissing Boy.
NEVADA CITY, April 24.— Down at
Rough and Ready the whole community
is excited. Men are scouring, the hills for
bor Council that street sweepers be not
required to wear uniforms was referred
to the Board of Works for action.
Manuel JSllva, the eighteen-year-old son
of Andrew Sllva. Nothing has been seen
of young Sllva since "Wednesday night,
when he left Hillside, near the Niagara
mine, three miles from his home, saying
he was homeward bound. It 13 feared
he either made away with himself or fell
In Deer Creek or aa abandoned shaft.
City Engineer Will Prepare Esti
mates for Anojther Proposed
Bonded Improvement.
Fire Commissioner Hecht appeared be
fore the Supervisors' Fire Committee yes
terday and submitted a report of his ob
servations of salt water auxiliary systems
successfully used in the East for fire pro
tection. After hearing Commissioner
Hecht's explanation the committee re
quested that the Fire Commissioners des
ignate a district in which mains shall be
laid for the purpose and thereupon the
city engineer will be directed to prepare
plans and estimates for the auxiliary sys
tem, a proposal to establish which will
be incorporated in the bond issue. ¦
' Commissioner Hecht . took occasion to
tell - of the . difficulties under which his
commission had been laboring owing to
the refusal of the Spring. Valley Company
to supply water necessary for nre-flghting
purposes. Hecht said . that at nearly
every meeting, of the commission held
during the last two years some request
had been made of the water company, but
all had been either refused or ignored.
Assistant Chief Engineer Forbes of the
company denied that any promises had
been made or violated.
The Street Committee referred the peti
tion of property, owners that Polk street
be graded to the bay shore to the Board
of Works for investigation, and the peti
tions for the repaying of Larkin and Fill
more streets were referred to the Finance
Committee, with the recommendation
that the work be done if there are funds
available therefor. The committee re
ported in favor of the construction of
sewers In K street, between Ninth and
Tenth avenues, I and China avenue, be
tween Paris and Mission streets, and the
grading of Castro street between Twenty
sixth and Army streets.
The . petition, of the San Francisco La-
PLANS FOB AUXILIARY
SALT WATER. SYSTEM
O'HOURKB OETS SMALL DAMAGES.—
John T." O'Rourke, whose Jaw was broken in 'a
saloon at 1 Fifth' street by Frank J.;O'Rourke
a • blacksmith," was ' awarded ' $1 ' damages ' by ¦¦¦ a
Jury In Jud^e "Graham's" court yesterday^ -He
rued r for $2500. -'-¦ ...
LONDON,' April 24.— An important con
cession was signed by the King of the
Belgians "April 14, " by; 1 which an Anglo-
Belgian company .. : secured the right ¦ to
build , the Cape" Town ¦: to Cairo railroad,
planned •by- the '•¦.¦„ late Cecil .Rhodes,
through the, Belgian -Congo. : v- The line
north of Rhodesia - will thus be diverted
from German East Africa. - -
Belgian King , Signs Concession.
OFFICIAL.
The Original Little Beneficencia Pub
lica Company of San Francisco.
Organized September, 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed . before ' the . public ¦ from *i time to time,
we . would respectfully * call tho attention ¦- of
purchasers of tickets to see that their tickets
read as follows: ., " ;. . , :
THE ' ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN- '
> CISCO."' ORGANIZED SEPTEM
- • . BER, 1893. .. . ¦.
Each : coupon will bear the Initials in -large
letters :M.',&rF.; on the. face of tho ticket. ,
t ; The following are the capital prizes, as-de
cided by the "Lottery of the Beneflcencla Pub
lica Company," drawing April 24, 1002: Num
ber 56750 wins $7500, sold In San Francisco,
Cal. ; number . 31640 wins - $2300. *: sold In ' San
Francisco. Cal.; number 17645 wins $1250 sold
In 1 Pan Francisco,' : Cal ; numbers 81 03, 13B4O
31111 . 80670 and j 64070 each win $120, sold ¦ in
San Francisco and .Watsonvllle. Cal. - •,,
Form Brakebeam Trust.
CHICAGO, April 24.— A special from
Detroit to the Evening Post says tho
manufacturers of car and locomotive
brakebeams have formed a trust, with a
capital said to.be $5,000,000. The promo
ters are Berry brothers of Detroit, own
ers of the Monarch Brakebeam Com
pany. The company ia to be incorporated
under the laws of New Jersey.
serve, W. W. Van Arsdale's Bell Boy. Open,
bitches— First. P. D. Llnville's Maggie F; sec
ond W W. Van Arsdale's Peach Mark; third,
W. W. Van Arsdale's Peach Blossom; reserve,
C. K. Worden's Pearl's Jingle.
GREYHOUNDS.
Field trial. Class A — First, J. H. Ro8seter*s
Roman Athlete; second. J. H. Rosneter's Real
Article; third, A. R. Curtis' Cavalier; reserve,
A. R. Curtis' Luxor. Field trial, Class . B —
First, Eugene Geary's Bonnie Hughle; second,
Gecrge • McEwen Malcolm's Aggie W; third,
J. H. Rosseter's Fiery Face; reserve, Eugene
Geary's Bonnie Pasha.
Field trial, Class C— First, . Harry Perlgo's
Belfast: second, Thomas Jolly's Toronto: third,
E T. Huener's Grey Cloud. Field trial. Class
I>— First, C. C. Grlswold's Alice . Louise: sec
ond, Eugene Geary's Fannie Hug-hie;' third,
Chlarini Bros.' Bona Magnlflca ; reserve, W.
Cairn's Gladys "Weller. 1 , ' . ¦
IRISH SETTERS.
Puppies, dogs and bitches — First, Mrs. L. A.
Klein's Shan Van Vocht; second, J. C. Ber
ret's Tyrone Lass; third, Mrs. L. A. Klein's
Ochone. Novice, dogs and bitches — First, Mrs.
L. A. Klein's Shan Van Vocht; - second, J. C.
Berret'a Tyrone Lass; third, Mrs. • 1 L. I A.
Klein's Ochone. Limit, dogrs and bitches — ,
First, Rushford Kennels' Endcllfie Gripperr
eecond, E. Courtney Ford's Virginia F; third/
Rushford Kennels' Endcllffe Allen; reserve,
Mrs. L. A. Klein's Ochone. Winners, dogs and
bitches — First, Rushford Kennels' Endcllffe
Grlpper; reserve. E. Courtney Ford's Virginia
F.
KING CHARLES SPANIELS."
Open, dags and bitches — First, Mrs. Georgo
Stcadman Thomas' Endcllffe Mildred. Win
ners, dogs and bitches — First, Mrs. George
Steadman Thomas' Endcliffe Mildred.
Limit, dogs and bitches — First, Mrs. Georgo
Steadman Thomas' Endcllffe Mildred.
TOY BLACK AND TAN.
Open, dogs — First, Mrs. S. Barnett's King
Lee ; second, W. A. Burns' Nobby Boy. Open
bitches — First, Mrs. Fred Krune's Trilby; sec
ond, Mrs. S. Barnett's Lady Belle.
! . -•}*¦ ">£• ESQUIMAUX. .>
Open, dogs — First, Edward L. Herbert's
Wolf. Open, bitches— First, Ed L. Herbert's
Fannie; second, A. J. Pollack's St. Mfchael
Girl. ' -¦ .
SPITZ.
Open, dogs — First, Mrs. George H. Walll*'
Baby Bunting. Open,, bitches — First. George
H. Wallls' . Ophelia; second, G. McPortland's
Daley Belle.
. YORKSHIRE TERRIERS.
Open, dogs and bitches— First. Mrs. A. A
Rot's,' Daisy A. Winners, dogs and bitches-
First, Mrs. A. A. Rol's Daisy A.
MALTESE TERRIERS.
Novice, dogs and- bitches — First, Mrs S
Rand's Johnnie R Jr.' Limit/ dogs and bitches
— First, Mrs. A. A. Roi's Margie B; reserve
Mrs. S. Rand's Queenie R. Open, dogs and
bitches— First, Mrs. A. A. Rol's -Margie B
second, Mrs. S. Rand's Queenie R; third Mrs''
A. A. Rol's Toddles. Winners, dogs and bitches
' — First, j Mrs. A* A. 'Rot's Margie B; reserve
Mrs. . S. Hand's Queenie . R. '
BLENHEIM SPANIELS. .. :
. Open, dogs and bitches — First, Miss -Ida Sar
gent's Dorothy of Blenheim.
BEDLINGTON TERRIERS. .'
Open, dogs— First, Julius Redelsheimer's
Herdwick Mollle; second, Julius Redelsheimer's
Clarence J. Winners, dogs and bitches First
JullU3 Redelshelmer's Herdwick Mollle; 're
serve, Julius Redelsheimer's Clarence J ¦
,-.-, "SCOTTISH TERRIERS. ,, ¦.
Novice, . dogs and bitches — First,'- George • S
.Thomas'- Endcliffe Rebel. • Limit, dogs and
bitches— First, • George S. Thomas' Endcllffe
Rebel. - Open, -dogs and bitches — First, Nosmy
, Kennels' Reynard's Rascal ;- second 'George -S*
Thomas' Endcliffe Rebel. Winners, dogs . and
bitches — First, ¦ Nosgay - Kennels' .Reynard's
Rascal;' reserve, George . S. Thomas', Endcllffe
Rebel. '-.-/• ••¦,¦¦¦¦- . ¦
, : m PUGS.
' Novice, dogs— First, - G. H. Myers' ' Face
Limit, bitches — First, Mrs. George . Steadman
Thomas" Endcllffe Venolla. '¦¦- Open,"": bitches
First, Mrs. George Steadman Thomas' Endcliffe
-Venolia. Winners, bitches — First,' Mrs. George
Steadman Thomas' Endcllffe Venolia.' '
ST. PETERSBURG, April 24.— While
Balascheff, the man who assassinated the
Minister of the Interior, M. SIpiaguine,
April 14, was recalcitrant throughout the
preliminary examination, his testimony
developed the significant fact that the as
sassin had in his pocket a sealed envelope
addressed to M. Pobiedonostaef, the chief
procurator of the holy synod. It is in
ferred from the finding of this envelope
that had M. Pobiedonostaef carried out
his purpose of going to the ministerial
offices April 14, the day that SIpiaguine
was assassinated, he would have been
killed instead of the Minister of the In
terior. The discovery of this envelope is
considered confirmation I of the theory
that a conspiracy against several Rus
sian officials existed.
Plans to Kill the Procurator.
Still Voting on Sale.
COPENHAGEN. April 24.-The Lands
thing to-day passed the second reading
or tne majority report on the treaty pro
viding for the sale of the Danish We«=t
India Islands to the United States by a
majority of 32. Twenty-eight members
abstained from voting. The treaty will
£? discussed by the Folkething
April 23. s
New German Tariffs.
BERLIN, April 24.— The Tariff Commit
tee of the Reichstag, to-day fixed a uni
form duty of 18 marks 75 pfennigs ($4 50)
per double center (220 pounds) on all
flours, pearl barley, semoilina, grits and
other millers' products made from grrfn.
This is an increase over the (Govern
ment's proposals. \
SECOND DftY OF THE DOG SHOW.
Continued From Page Five.
LONDON, April 24.— A. J. Balfour, the
Government leader, answering a ques
tion In the House of Commons to-day re
garding the growth of trusts in England
and whether the Government would~ap
point a committee to inquire into the sub
ject, said the Government did not • think
that the subject at present was ripe
for the kind of inquiry suggested.
Growth of Trusts in England.
After considerable discussion a vote was
taken and the license, which has hereto
fore been $300 per quarter, was increased
to $500 per quarter. The desire of some
of the taxpayers of Sausallto to raise tho
license to $1500 per quarter, -which wish
was granted by the old board of Trustees,
but reconsidered at the last council meet
ing by the Incoming board, did not meet
with the approval of the members to
day. In the matter of who should be
licensed to run the games Harvey and
Daroux were the only ones receiving per
mits.
SAUSALITO, April 24.— The City Trus
tees of Sausallto met in: special session
this afternoon, having been called to
gether by Mayor Jacques Thomas for the
consideration of raising the poolroom
license, as well as to determine to whom
such privilege should be granted.
SAITSALITO POOLROOMS
MUST PAY MORE MONEY
The Oakland and Alameda plumbers will
give the visiting delegates a trolley ride
through Oakland, Alameda, Piedmont and
Berkeley to-day. The guests will leave
for Oakland at 9 o'clock by the creek
route ferry-boat.
The banquet last night was attended
by 350 persons. James E. J Britt was toast
master, and toasts were responded to by
Secretary Firmln, Frank P. Furey of Ala
meda, C. T. Pohl of Los Angeles and oth
ers.
An elaborate dinner was served In the
dining-room from 11 to half past 2 o'clock.
The steamer cruised past Port Costa and
Benicia and back-.out of the straits and
up to Mare Island, and an hour was spent
seeing the sights at the navy yard. Gar
lett Sweeney, Samuel Ickleheimer and
F. J. Klirr.m composed the committee in
charge of the excursion arrangements.
The members of the *local association
busied themselves in seeing that their
guests, the visiting delegates to the State
convention and their wives and daugh
ters, enjoj-ed every minute of the trip.-- -
The steamer left the Mission-street pier
at shortly after half past 9 o'clock. Three
hundred and sixteen passengers were on
the boat, not counting the musicians,
who played national airs and ragtime till
they were permanently red in the face.
The vessel steered southward along the
water front, out past the Union Iron
Works and the Blsdon Iron Works and
then back and along the front, giving the
visitors a complete view of the shipping
in the harbor. The course was then laid
past Alcatraz and Angel Island. Mare
Island navy-yard was the objective point.
The Master Plumbers ended their con
vention in a burst of glory yesterday. An
excursion trip around the bay in the Gen
eral Frisble occupied the day, and a ban
quet at Golden Gate Hall at night was tho
final festivity of the gathering.
In the campaign of 189S Gage and the
Republican State Central Committee for
good and sufficient reasons did not per
ml . t , , Gos P er to take an active part in
political affairs. Major Frank McLaugh
lln and Frank P. Flint, survivors w of that
campaign, might be able to explain why
Gosper was not sent to the front.
The smooth and saintly Gosper of Lo<=
Angeles Is doing missionary work for
Gage in Southern California. He does it
In apologetic style. Gosper, In addressing
the wanderer from the Gage fold says-
It is not right to charge Gage with the
offense of associating with Dan Burns
It is true that the Governor at one tim~
recognized that he was under political
obligations to Burns, but the political
debt has been fully paid and the Gover
nor is now perfectly independent of
Burns."
A Missionary Worker.
All the factions are keeping out of the
fight for Chief Justice. It would not sur
prise the politicians if the forces opposed
to the Gage-Burns-Herrin machine should
organize the convention ancs place judicial
nominations first in the order of business.
The Democratic employes at Folsom
State prison, who are so numerous that
they stumble over one another, are mak
ing all sorts of trouble for his Excel
lency, H. T. G. Warden Wilkinson and
Commissary Fitzgerald do not speak
when they meet. The resignation of the
commissary is expected and the retire
ment of the warden devoutly wished for
by Dan Kevane.
Judge McKinley of Los Angeles has
been erased from the list of aspirants
for Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court. The slated Southern Californian
.-a Sup £ rior Jud ee J. S. Noyes of River
side. The candidacy of Judge Sweeny of
bnasta has been eliminated. Judge Buck
les of Solano has been reduced to the
rank of the "also mentioned." W. C
\ an Fleet was the real thing on the Gage
6late until recent developments suggested
the advisability of bringing to the front
Superior Judge W. E. Lorigan of Santa
Clara Counti".
Judicial Nominations.
At this time there is a deal of trouble
In the Gage camp. There is lack of har
mony among the push. The original pro
gramme to swing all the existing State
officeholders into line for renomination
has been revised. All of the State officers
of the existing regime, excepting Lieu
tenant Governor Neff and Attorney Gen
eral Ford, are out and out candidates for
extension of service. Gage is inclined
to help C. F. Curry in the latter's fight
lor renomination to the office of Secre
tary of State and is also ready to make
a deal on the Judicial nominations, but
he does not want the combine expanded
to embrace others.
Noyes of Riverside and
Lorigan of Santa
Clara
Entertain the Delegates
With Excursion to
Navy Yard.
PLUMBERS PROVE
EXCELLEN T HOSTS
JUDICIAL SLATE
VEXES GOVERNOR
• The Sheriff and Detective Fisher of Sac
ramento confronted Wardrlp with the
other prisoner and with Carl Dalbert, who
gave the first information to the authori
ties. Wardrip finally weakened and ad
mitted the truth of the., stories. He de
clared he was ready to go back to Sac
ramento and take his punishment. Sheriff
Naylor, Detective Fisherand Dalbert left
shortly before midnight with .Wardrip for
Sacramento. : , • ,:
Wardrip asked his fellow-prisoner to
come to California as soon as released to
help prove an alibi. The confidant of the
murderer promptly told Sheriff Naylor.
Ho then told how he had committed the
crime. He and a boy. hestated, had bro
ken into a house In Sacramento to com
mit burglary. The boy remained on the
outside to watch while Wardrlp went
through the house. Duffey, a neighbor,
came up, according: to Wardrip, and seized
the boy on the outside. Wardrip says he
found a revolver lying on a table in - the
house. Hearing the struggle outside, he
picked up the weapon, went to the win
dow and lired, killing Duffey. The two
criminals then escaped.
SALT LAKE, April 24-Just 'before
starting on the trip for California late to
night to . face the charge of murdering
Hugh Duffey In Sacramento, Frank War
drip, alias Wade, alias Cook," confessed
that he was. guilty. The confession was
first obtained through a ruse. Sheriff Nay
lor. this morning placed in Wardrip's cell
a "stool pigeon," who gained Wardrip's
confidence during the day. Wardrlp, who
was arrested under. the name of Wade,
confided that he was guilty of the crime
laid against him, and begged his fellow
prisoner to help him. He stated his real
name was Wardrlp, and that his father,
David Wardrlp, and his sister, Miss Nellie
Wardrip, now live at Neldoe, Meade Coun
ty, Kentucky. Wardrip asked his cell
mate to write them,, explaining his pre
dicament, and request money to aid him
In lighting the case. . ...
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Murder Is the' Result of Inters
ruption While Robbing
a House.
"What with • the Sykes Indebtedness and
the $5000 damage talk of Attorney Prosek
the ladies declare that they have been al
most beside themselves. !$$8£$2S
Then Attorney . Prosek goes on to ad
vise Mrs. Swales that should she not get
judgment, which he declares is "utterly
impossible," it would put them in a "very
ugly position." Attorney-at-Law Prosek
tells Mrs. Swales, in concluding his letter
In behalf of his client, that before taking
the step she should consider the matter
thoroughly, -as- it could only result in a
loss to hereof thousands of dollars. , Mr.
Prosek concludes his advice as follows:
"I have advised Mr. S. (Sykes) that if
"you should go to the board to-morrow it
will be three years before you get-an
other cent, taking for granted that -you
§et a judgment, which is utterly, impossl
le.". .¦•¦¦.- u< ....'.....¦'.¦; .-.; {.
On March 4, 1902, a letter signed John
Prosek, attorney-at-Iaw, San Francisco,
was received by Mrs. Swales, in which
the, attorney, on behalf of Sykes, warns
Mrs. Swales that here going before the
Board, of Education would be construed
as an attempt to injure Mr. Sykes'. char
acter, by slander. Mr. Prosek also de
mands from "Mrs. Swales the sum of
$5000 for slander committed against said
Sykes in this city and county"; also the
sum of $290 for legal services performed
by Mr. Sykes, who practices as an attor
ney Independently of his position in the
School Department; i
Attorney-at-Law Prosek also asks In
his letter if Mrs. Swales has any idea as
to what the suit she threatened would
cost, and attempted to dissuade her from
carrying out her determination by telling
her that he and his client would, of
course, insist on a jury trial, which
would cost her $35 a day in advance,
which expenditure would go on for many
many days. ¦ .'
Attorney Prosek continues and warns
Mrs. Swales that. he will take the case to
the Supreme Court, should he not secure
justice for Mr. Sykes elsewhere,, and re
minds the lady that, such an act on his
part would put the matter off ; for three
years. "You will have to pay many times
$200 for attorney's fees alone," he adds. .
Both Mrs. and Miss Swales declare they
haves been living in dread and misery
through letters which have been written
and threats made by Sykes. "
"He replied:' 'I won't ' pay a damned
cent.' Whereupon I ¦ warned him that I
would go to the Board of Education and
complain. • Sykes said : ; ¦ 'I'll make it - so
hot I'll run you out of town.' I replied:
•All right, Jim. I'll fight to the bitter
end.'. However, he consented to pay back
the money at $20 a month and for sev
eral months he did so, in small amounts,
aggregating In all $203, leaving a balance
of $261, with interest amounting to about
$43. His payment* ( stopped, . and as
Christmas was near at hand my mother
made a request for | the continuance of
the Installments and received an eccentric
and altogether unsatisfactory reply."
"I received that letter on the date it
was written," said Miss Swales, "and,
fearing from the wording of the epistle,
that he meant to commit suicide I loaned
him $100 more. In January, 1901, I wrote
him, telling; him his note for $125 was
about to mature and I extended. the time
for one year and eight months. The
same night he received a note for $400.
On February 26, 1901, I met him with a
lady. .He Introduced her as his wife, and
I asked him. later why he came to my
mother's house posing as a single man.
Ke had been paying • honorable attention
to me. I told him I wanted nothing more
to say to him and requested him. to pay
me the money he had borrowed from me.
This is the Rubicon, and ,if I can pass It
there'll be no more trouble as business will
keep me occupied, arid' that's my salvation.
I hate to Impose on you any further, but If
you can help me do no, as something awful
might happen If you . don't right away.
Tours In trouble, , JIM.
Dear Lily — I K°t your kind letter this morn-
Ing and since being up at your place have
altered a whole lot. . ;¦ ¦ • _
Things are bo entangled, however, through
the money lost by Ross and Curry, that I am
too nervous to think of anything else. • .
Kverything is going to be all right, but
meanwhile I have to have a hundred dollars
at least to square myself and haven't the re
motest Idea . of where to get It. • as brokers
won't lend' money, and I have very little com
ing on the fifth. ' .
No more monkey business; I am going to
keep busy till 12 every night, and then 'I'll
be so tired I will have to go home and sleep.
Miss Swales says she acceded to the re
quest and readily handed Sykes the $125.
Then another application for money
came in the following letter:
July 21. 1900.
The rather remarkable letters ( were sub
mitted, to the Board of Education as a
corroboration of the charges, and Mrs.
Swales further adds that she laid before
the board promissory notes signed by
The following was addressed to Miss
Swales: ' .'¦ i
SAN FRANCISCO, June 28, 1900.
Dear Lily— As you suggested, I spoke to my
mother about that money and there was a ter
rible scene. She salduhe did not care what
happened to me and that even If she wanted to
It would be impossible to raise the money.
To-day I kept out of sight, but to-morrow
if nothing happens 1 1 will be in.an awful fix.^
If you can let me have one hundred and
twenty-flve dollars I can crawl through, aa I
expect Borne money, from Rosa. I will give
you any kind of Interest and the best security.
This ia the last time I will want help, but
have nowhere else to turn now. For God's
sake help me out if, you can. . ¦ r .
If anything can be done, come down to tne
office to-morrow at 10 and I will be there. If
you fail -me I am ruined. Yours sincerely,
* ' ¦ . . : . . . • J ijjl.
Miss Swales declares that in reply -.to
Sykes' requests she handed to him on sev
eral occasions sums amountirrg in all to
$465, the result of three years', savings
when acting as bookkeeper in the city.
Both Mrs. Swales and . her daughter
•were greatly disturbed yesterday over the
allegation: that they were attempting to
blackmail Sykes, and to refute so -grave
an accusation they produced the original
letters sent them by Sykes In which' he
asks for loans of money, which were ac
commodatingly made.
The'eharges prererccfd by Mrs. Henrietta
J. Swales agalni3t'Jarees B. Sykes, teacher
In the commercial -law/department of the
Lincoln School, .before the Board of Edu
cation has developed the professor'B orig
inality in letter writing.
Mr'i^ Rwales and Her
Daughter. - f- ;
Threats of D amages ; Upset
Salt Lake Prisoner Gives
Details of Crime at V
Sacramento.iSM : :
WARDRIP ADMITS
KILLING DUFFEY
James; B. Sykes' Alppeals
for Loans Result
v I Profitably. I
LAW TEACHER'S
QUEER EPISTLES
THE SAN FRA^SrCISCbj CAL£ S . FRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1902.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
. i /- - -
FASHION ABLFVAUDEVILLEI;
Hilton and Dollie Nobles; Wilton
Brothers; Knight Brothers, and
the Pony Ballet. Last times of
Sam, Kittle and Clara Morton;
Banks and Winona Winter, and
the Fetching Brothers. *> ¦*.
- DON'T HISS
THE BIOGR AP H,
SHOWING A TEIP TO THE YO-
SEMITE AND PBINCE HENB7
AT WEST POINT.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c.
l*ftl E5SU9BIA Mrittrain
V".-.y« .Powell st., near Market.,
Last 2 Nights — Matinee Saturday.
MR. E. S.WILLARD.
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee,
T. W.- Robertson' a
DAVID G4RRICK.
Saturday Nlsrht. J. M. Barrte'a Comedy,
•THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY."
Beginning NEXT .MONDAY,
SEATS SELLING. ..-
MR. ¦». C. ' MISS MAXINB
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
In their greatest American and London Success,
"WHEN WE WERE TWE^TY-ONE."
PRICES f2. $1.50. $1. 75c. BOc and 25c
iFlSCHERISTHEATEkl
O*Farrelj, bet. Stockton and PoweU sta.
—->. Telephon* Main 231.
KOLB I BLAKE
DILL COLE /VAN
.'BERNARD HERMSEN
flMBER. I KELLAR. f x
THINK OF SUCH A BUNCH. f
AU Artists to a Finish and all In
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Then there Is HOPE, EMERSON.
And our gem, chorus. And. at our prices —
25c and 50c at nirht.
At ' Saturday < and Sunday Matinees.
Children at Matinees, 10c. ¦
BETAS CO *"aYrfA£r& vT^TRfl^
" w: msxaxriutu
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. .
. MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.'
¦ "The Powerful Melodrama,
A CHILD OF
FORTUNE.
Rich ' in Emotional Scenes and Bubbling; Over
With Rollicking Humor. •
PIUrF^ Evenings .».. ........lOe to 60c
rnlVCJ Matinees....... ..i0c 15^ 250
Next Week— "SLAVES OF THE ORIENT."
illl^ RACING
S^5^' Every Week Day-
'¦**/.-.- Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races' start at 2:15 p. m. sharp ;
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m and
12:30, 1. 1:30,-2, 2 :SO and 3 p. m.. conpectln*
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Last . two car» on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
rerry . tickets to Shell Mound. AU trains via
Oakland mole connect . with : San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also all- trains via Alameda mole con- i
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, , Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes
• Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. no. and immediately after the last
Tace.^ r £r*baM«a*figMNM*}amaM9MkMaMttr.
THOMAS H.' WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy, and Ugv '
AMUSEMENTS.
ORKATKST BILL EVER OFFERE1>.
MELBOURNE MACDOWCLL,
~" Sapportetf try FTXJREKCK STONE." *
: In a Farewell Sardou Reviyftt. . >
To-night, To-morrow Afternoon and To-mor-
row Night,
"CLEOPATRA."
Sunday Matinee and * Sunday Xi?ht — "1»\
XOSCA "
POPTJI/AR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. BOc. 73c
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees. 25c.
Next Week— EDWARD HARRIGAN In "OLD
LAVENDER.".
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY St SUNDAY.
Sydney Rosenreld's Beautiful . Comedy.
THE TWO
ESCUTCHEONS.
The Richest Kind of High Class Comedy.
SPARKLING WITH WIT.
BRIMFUL OP HUMOR.
PRICES .....;15c. 25c. 33c. Me. 75*
Next Weelc— "THE LASH OF THE WHIP."
— THE SAME TRUTHFUL STORY —
- A CHARMING PERFORMANCE
ALL THIS WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
( SPECIAL MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY")
MR. JAMES NEILL
and the Neill Company.
Presenttne »
CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR.
SEATS READY.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING— First' Tim* m
This City.
"THE STARBUCKS."
By Ople Read.
/ SEATS READY.
*TIVOLI*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. ;
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
THE GREATEST RETURN FOR YOGS
MONET IN THE TOWN.
CALL ON
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. BOc. Tic
.Telephone Bush 9.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster sts.
LANE LECTURES.
NINTH LECTURE OF THE SERIES
TO-NIGHT, FRIDAY. APRIL 25.
DR. WM.T. WENZELL.
Subject. "COLORS OF FLOWERS."
¦ ADMISSION FREE. \
BASEBALL;
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
3:15 P. M.
. SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M. '
OAKLAND TsTTSACBAMEHTO.
:•'.; RECREATION PARK.
ElKbth.and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats. 5 Stockton st.
AA/. X. HESS,
K0TABT PUBLIC AND ATT0KNSY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Main 0S3.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell.
¦ Residence Telephone. Jamea 1301.
THE .: ¦ : ) ' THE E3QOBHJ1L \ THE EMPORIUM.
tutwiueie** wwi kkk^h *t«t»t»w*5 www Kiwtmm. xwi w *,*?.».* ««>wwMMU«>^*t«t>«*t kimkkk «tKK*KK
s m • - • - - ¦ ¦-¦••-•-¦¦¦¦- ¦ t ¦ - ..-. ••¦¦.¦ ¦¦¦¦¦-¦¦ i './*-£'¦
K Lester and Kent's 'Beautiful Becirical Exhibition— Ik hovrs in the k\y*— testing for half an hour, and J
\ : showing all of the atmospheric changes taking pUce within a cycle of twinly-four. hours, at one of the most\
* : picturesque 'villages of .the Sw'ss Alps, is now being shown in our attraction Hill, second flior, free of£
JC charge, every hour Jrom io a.m. until closing time daily. ""'" J
I Order San Francisco's Best I
i Friday /Bargains by Telephone* J
I Call Private Exchange 601 and asK for Department yov want %
* Here arc Some ol the Splendid Moncy-Saymg Chances : |
* aooo yards of 15c and S° c TllXOtlO Most* VolltngS, both' dotted and plaaa; special ¦ Friday, ytrf, /4©, j|
V Big lot of 35c Blaok Pattern Veils, «jlk mesh, with chenmespot *aa border; special Friday, each, J7o# X
5 Remnant Sato Black Dress Goods— s°° y™**, skirt »«* *u!t leajdw, iate« «tyies ; Friday, one-quartet* off* >;S
* Choice of any pair. Ladies' $2.50 Shoes in our stock; every style, high or low, all sizes; Friday and Saturday only, $2.15, . J
5 3500 yards of B:st Cambric and Nainsook EmhrOidoriOS and insertion*, from i}4 to 6 inches wide; regularly 15c, 30c, 35c X
jf ..¦¦•:••-. , . r and 45c per yard; on sale Friday only, f8c* {5
Jf : La'dies*. a$c and 35c Imported Golorod Hosiery, red or nile green grounds, with polka dors; Friday, par, S6c* X
% 36'fnch Skirt Linings— Black Figured Shadow Silk that looks Kke taffeta »]*j on special sale Fridiy, yard, 12j£o, 'J
Jf Ladies^'aec Frilkd Side E!a$tic HOBO Supporters, pin top,, button fasteners, all colors; Friday, j*h t t8Om - - J»
5 ; 4 %O HemstiiOhed OambriO Squares, »« 3O X 3 O inches; stamped ia new embroidery designs; Friday, each, 27 Oa «
*f 5QO Hemstitched BuroaU Scarfs, stamped to match above squares; special Friday only, each, 29 D. 5
Jf . Handsomely lithographed and lacquered Steel 75c Serving Trays; * designs— fish and game; special Friday only, each, 47O. 5
•>* ' Butter Milk Toilet Soa/9, nicely scented, a splendid soap for bath or toilet; spec'al Friday, cake, 2c* " C
Youths' $6.50 Long PantS Suits, Ages 13 to 19; Friday and Saturday, $4.65. X
J # Boys'. S4.OO. TWO-PieCe Suits, Ages 7 to 15 years; Friday and Saturfsy special, $2.68. ' ; \
6 Boys' $5*00 Sailor Suits, Ages 3 to 10, Blouse cut long and full, prettily trimmed; on special sale Friday and Saturday, $3.48* \\
$ ' Men's Stylish HatS, and Saturday, |33S value, $2.55; $2-35 wJue, $1.87; $l,ii value, Q8O. $
% Mon's Furnishings, Friday and Saturday, Working Shirts, 476 ; Night Shirts, 50o S Seamless Wool Hose, a pairs 25O} j{
K Madras and Percale Golf Shirts, 69O S Boys*. Percale Golf Shirts, 47 O S 5<« B™k* of Neckwear, 25o; $1 Wool Underw«ar» 6Q0 S rt c. X
I Odd Lots and ButtorSale 'Candy Sale \
I Broken Sizes of Friglaw Onlii. Saturday Only. |
I fO/jo MS i V™"fV **Uiym fee Cream Chocolates— 5 flavors; made *
mit%fmm . .JlFFiffaiSm Another of the Kg store's popular sales of regu- from superior grade of chocolate and "5
1w|£hS II BBmBF v , ......... ... 33C pr=mi«tsj Saturday only. **5t* Z
•f r -.^"^'- IL ' it •' y^ '• . - - - ,; j'i= :->¦•.•' pound*. ...».,.....¦. m^~,** .2
J $10^ $ '/Aim Special Saturday U uuor Soecials I
I $125? . m £ /1 1 1 N '° M 7 io W:30 ' for Fridav. $
» *rAJm- ~ I r«| iEf/^i,H B Men's $3.50 Shoes, stylish, excellently made, * U ' rWMUgSJfm jj
** iiCOol B MM^EL \f well fitting vici kid for $2.28 Port of Sherry— Extra old; regular J1.50 Jf
Jf X* <& ~ \ J. MM . Men's all-wool $3.00 Panti, good colors and ]on i Frida y ......... $1.05 -J
H j, MSB patterns $U69 Jonoma .Sauteme — 5 years old; Friday only, Jf
8 gM ° '~~. ©gallon BOO
* £* 0 . BS&L Ai j "ll>v ' Scotch Whisky— Wm. Williams' jf
i Mm. J£> j(r f <* V.V.O. } Friday, bottle.. . "S
g^jiiii^y, " si-oo*
% Cut in the most fashionable style— *%& £ £ «O%^/ B MfrjU V IS&wMJJl-- G' n Ser A!e— Taylor's; extra flavor; Jj
*£ broad shoulders and shape-retaining CAUFORNIA*S lARGEST'>_£ m^^^^^^*^ m ~~~~^ KS^ Friday, dozen. . . . . 75O X
* fronts— new, nobby . striped effects— iiiii|||l||i|'| niWi^^"^^^^ Bourbon Whisky — Sour mash: 1 5
»« overpaid* and mixtures. "^gaBS*** 11 AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. oott ] e 65ti X
y ...-.-¦. ' w ** 5«
MISCELLANEOUS.
Dig Furniture Exposition Building, .
COR. 16th AND MISSION STREETS.
Our automobiles and private
carriages are at the disposal of in-
tending purchasers during the strike.
Telephone Exchange 604,
Cnrpcb, Fvrnitvre, Draperies, Wood Mantels.
jj" We have four leaders in hats— they are sold at tKe above
1 prices and each one is the greatest possible value for, the money
n that you will find. The hats. are sold at considerably less than the
I] prices asked by exclusive dealers for equal quality goods. A hat
|| costing you $2.00 in an exclusive store costs you but $1.30 here,
If and a $2.50 hat but $1-95- • We sell at clothiers' profits— not hat-
ters'. That's the secret of the whole story. Buy one of the hats I
H and you will be agreeably surprised in finding it true. The hats I
jj ccme in all shapes and shades. . - A ; H
li We are showing some swell straw hats at 50c, $1.00. $1.50, $2.00 B
f] and $3.00. The three-dollar ones look like regular Panamas. i
Jj » ut-o'-iown orders filled— write us. ' a
I 718 Market Street. * 1
1 __¦ t - -, - >
f PIANO 1
*f PRICE) -<j|
JJf Piano for piano, |
I . grade for grade, quality I
II for quality, we can ;
1 1 save you money. - I
If you -THINK you
I can do better elsewhere A
JIJ -. you're being deceived— . II
I a .piano is a very diffi-
JJ cult thing to , rightly
Jl choose- — you" are practi-
I I cally. at the mercy of |
. j| the dealer— no other 8
j ; San Francisco concern ||
J -has the output. of Koh- J
. lef & Chase, no • other |
; San Francisco concern j|
' buys in the quantity we I
do, and none can sell I
i '¦:; the same grades we " offer at j I
a.lower> price' than 'ours— I
; .you're absolutely safe if you I:
purchase here. '. I
I itfltr Stockton St. S.K < ' I
'1)#|1/|/^A Desirable location,
iuiuww unsurpassed cuisine,
¦? u n e qiu a 1 Vd; ser-'
Jlflfl ¦/'' vice -i and :»¦ modern -
UliU conveniences are -the -
; _ . '-i 1 I attributes? ;that 'have;
Ilirflfi/r mac k these two ho-
111 UliU ., tels: popular with_
i¥ ; * ¦ tourists and -travel-"
ers who visit; ~ San ¦
llUlvld Francisco.,t LANCASTER.- Wls.. April 24.— Congressman
Joseph. -W. Babcock was renominated* to-day
by the Third District Republican Convention. .,
NORTON, Kans., April 24.— The deadlock in
the -Republican Convention or the Sixth Dis
trict was broken to-day and Congressman W
A. Reeder was renominated on the eleventh
ballot. ; m ••-('. "
New Agricultural District Directors.
SACRAMENTO, April 24.— The Gov
ernor to-day appointed L. Van Desin and
O. T. Wells to be directors of agricultural
district No. 45. Mendocino County. ' -
SACRAMENTO. April 24.— John Gal
lagher, better known In San" Francisco as
"Chippy" Gallagher, is here, supposed to
be in a. dying condition.- 'He has been.un
conscious for thirty-six hours. >. . -
"Chippy" Gallagher Near to Death.
NAPA, April 24.— Charles, Borghert, a
well-known ''citizen of Napa, has disap
peared and cannot be found.; He has been
sick— of late and.-had made' threats to
take his Hfe. Bbrghert'is 70 years; of age.
Hints at Suicide and Disappears.
HELENA. Mont.. April. 24. — J. A., DIffen
baugh of Baltimore, Md., past exalted -ruler
of .the Elks of. that city and. a prominent
Mason, while temporarily insane this' mornins
cut his throat with a razor and slashed 'both
wrists. He missed the larger arteries and will
recover . •'-..,
SAN JOSE, April 24.— Secretary Bar
stow of the California Cured Fruit Asso
ciation mailed this morning the first batch
of checks in payment of the recent divi
dend on the crop of 1900. In all there
were about 4000 growers to receive vari
ous amounts of this dividend, the aggre
gate reaching $215,000. ¦ .
Checks for the Fruit-Growers.
ROME, April 24.— The aunt of Emperor
William of Germany, the Landgravine
Anne of Hesse, who was recently con
verted to Catholicism, has been staying
in Rome recently in strict incognito, so
as not to be obliged to -call at'theQuIri
r>al She will be received by the Pope
April 25. ; : .-:-
Emperor's Aunt in Borne.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, April .24.— The
Central American' governments have tel
egraphed their profound sympathy with
the Government of Nicaragua as the re
sult of explosions which wrecked a bar
rack April 16, resulting in the death of
between ten ¦" and . twenty men. President
Regaldo qf Salvador has offered President
Zelaya financial assistance to relieve the
sufferings of -the .disaster and voluntary
loans amounting to $12,000 in gold have
been forthcoming from the German and
French merchants here. . I s . >*
Sympathy for Nicaragua.
Decide Against the Claimant.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The arbitra
tion commission' which has been
considering the claim" of Rose. Gelb
trunk, an American citizen, against
the Government of. Salvador for dam
ages amounting to $22,000, on account
of property belonging to. her late husband
being destroyed or seized- by the victo
rious . rebel soldiers In Salvador in: the
revolution of 189S, to-day decided against
the claimant.
BAKERSFIELD, April 21.— The police
authorities of this city are In search of
a man known here as Charles Richard
son, who is wanted on a charge of for
1 eery, he -having cashed six checks for the
sum of $30 each in the. name of E. M.
Roberts, by whom he has been employed
for the past few weeks. Nothing is known
here of Richardson's whereabouts, but it
is thought that he has left this section
of the country. Warrants have been is
sued for his arrest.
Police Look for a Forger.
We have just received a large stock cf
the new "Century" Cameras. Come and
see them. Catalogues free of charge.
Films, plates, paper, printing and devel
oping. The best of everything and the
lowest prices in the city. Sanbonn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Photographic Supplies.
LONDON, April 24.— Replying to a depu
tation representing the millers,' exporters
of flour and rice and importers of feeding
meals to-day, the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, Sir Michael ' Hicks-Beach, held
out hope of modification of the new tar
jffs. He said the deputation had made out
a strong: case for the re-exportation of
rice free of duty. Regarding wheat flour
from imported wheat, the Chancellor said
there was considerable risk from fraud
in allowing its re-exportation. It would
be a drawDack on the articles produced
in this counirv. But he was inclined to
meet the inislies of the deputation. The
Chancellor was also piejo'eO u> consider
the question of differentiating the amount
of tax to be placed on various .kinds of
feeding meaJtr.
Hicks-Bench. Holds Out Some Hope.
•.""¦To-day a cable was received from Eng
land stating that ah immediate expen
diture of $1,250,000 had been authorized by
a meeting of the shareholders to be made
on the various systems in British Colum
bia. A tunnel 14,000 feet in length
through -a mountain .will be constructed
this year to develop a water power for
electric purposes. ;•-.-,-.
The properties have been operated for
many years by the British Columbia
Electric Company, with head offices in
London. The buyers are said to be a
syndicate formed by the Canadian Elec
tric Company, whose president, Frederick
Nicholls, was here a few days ago look
ing over the local system.
Boston and Toronto capitalists are be
hind the deal. The charter and property
of the Stave Lake ¦ Power Company and
of the Vancouver Power Company, whose
plants are to bring cheap electricity from
water powers generated fifteen miles
from Vancouver, are also included. Mc-
Kenzie and Mann of Toronto, who are
said to be among the interested capital
ists, are owners of the coast gas systems
and their plan is to consolidate the busi
nesses of the two concerns.
No official statement of the deal can be
obtained here, but the transfer of the
property is /said to embrace all of the
electric -lies and plants of the coast
cities of British Columbia, situated prin
cipally in Vancouver, Victoria and New
Westminster, with the interurban lines
and lighting plants.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 24.— A deal
for the transfer and consolidation of $3,000,
000 worth of electric lighting and railway
plants, with civic and government rights
and franchises, is stated on good au
thority to have been made this week.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
The Great Northern and the Kettla
Valley Railway have bene fighting for a
year to complete parallel lines between
the mining camps and the Grand Forks
smelter. The Kettle Valley company ob
tained control of the Manly ranch, over
which the Great Northern was to pass.
and the American company was forced to
buy the farm for $50,000. •
When the deal was completed tho
Kettle Valley company obtained an in
junction against the crossing of the ranch
and it Is this action which the Great
Northern defied. Citizens of Grand Forka
have called on v the Mayor. T. W. Holland
who is manager of the Kettle Valley
company, to resign his -official seat.
The short end of th© Great Northern'a
branch line from the big mining camp
of Republic, Wash.. extends lnta
British Columbia only a few miles. It
is this short bit of line that Is being;
rushed to completion in spite of the
courts.- This afternoon It was authorita
tively reported that the Rocky Mountain
Rangers of Grand Fork would be called
out, but the work continued. The bis
gangs of men rushed the laying of rails
to-night until darkness prevented them
continuing at work. The managers of
the line say they care nothing for the
troops, and their workmen are reported
to be armed. •
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 24.— In de
fiance of, an injunction order of th« Su
preme Court of British Columbia. 400 m«a
started .work this morning for the Great
Northern Railway at Grand Forks.
Special Dispatch to Tfcs Call.
Trouble.
Railroad Men in ( British
Columbia Invite
Five-Million-Dollar Deal
Is Reported in .
Vancouver.
TRUST OBTAINS
ALL FRANCHISES
RANGERS' RIFLES
MAY STOP THEM
The affair created intense excitement.
The women mobilized at t-'je First Baptist
Church and made a suddevt descent with
out any one divining their .-purpose. They
hurried down the main stre«* and' bravely
entered Edward Smythe's sialoon. where
private boxes were found. • There were
warm words with the bartender, but no
damage was done. ' j V <*'«
Then the regiment raided. Davin &
Michellod's saioon. The bartttnder made
no resistance and was not niSo!ested» In
the saloon conducted by Gene vay & La
fortune a youth named Dough»erty was
discovered. The women upbrt tided the
bartender for permitting the boy's pres
ence. In another drinking plact?« a group
of voung men were found and tkie women
immediately questioned them as I to their
ages. Two admitted being under 21 years,
and notes were taken. The crusaders
were not molested in their investigation,
all the saloon men being, taken too. com
pletely by surprise. y:v :\
From this place the women marched
past fifteen saloon doors to a ciga;r store,
where they broke in on a crowd of young
men in the billiard room. A slot; ma
chine was the first object noticed a pd one
woman tested it. She drew three o'euces,
but would not take the proffered cigar. A
municipal campaign is beginning, aiad the
reformers will make a determined
gle to beat the "wide-open" ticket.
The raid yesterday was a preliminary
to this fight. The raiders included many
or" the leading- society people of the Down.
ICo violence was done anywhere. - but
many bitter things were said. The sa
loon men are preparing for further in
vasions.
WALLA WALLA, April 24^-Worked up
to a high pitch b>* the vigorous temper
ance lectures of Colonel C. J. Holt of
Chicago, who has l>een drawing packed
houses here for ten days, tuenty-four
members of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union came d.»WTitown in a body
vesterday evening ana", raided four of
Walla Walla's thlrty-tieven saloons to
find out for themselves what the places
contained. !" '"*%"¦ \
Bpeclal Di£p*tch to The,>Call.
Mrs. C. L. | Bard ¦ and her daughter Net
tie, her brother . J. H. Reppy, and her
niece, Mrs. Grannis, were in the first
closed carriage, : whlle Senator Thomas R.
Bard, Miss Blanche Bard, Albert Bard,
J. )jOgan Kennedy, Miss ¦• Carscalen, Mr.
and Mrs. Zeller and Mrs. and Mrs. Mac
farland were i in the following carriages.
There were over 200 school children In the
procession.. They were followed by friends
in carriages.. . . -
When the cortege left : the house the
bells in the • city, began' to ring and were
tolled - fifty-nine times. -The body was
shipped to Los Angeles on the evening
train for cremation. .The remains were
accompanied by Senator Bard, L. F. Eas
tin, A. W. Browne, J. A. Donlon, Paul
Charlebois, B. T. Williams,- D. S. Black
burn and J. A. Walker.;. During the en
tire; funeral all business was; suspended.
After the hearse followed the horse,
Kit Carson/ attached to the doctor's
buggy. Kit was led by Thomas Kelly.
The : pallbearers we're Drs. W. D. B1I
worth, A. A. MauIhardt.D. Dwire, D. W.
Mott,' J. P. Hinckley and J.H. Love. The
honorary, pallbearers were "the following
druggists:, F.E. Jones, Joseph Cerf, T.
S. Newby, T. H. Jones, I. M. Poggi, B. F.
Meyers, Charles Eastin and E. Virdin and
some members of the medical fraternity.
For one hour the people were eiven a
last opportunity; to vlew^ the remains of
the deceased. At 4 o'clock the cortege left
the residence for the depot.'. The Ventura
City". Band . ledf; the. procession, which
marched up Oak street to Main, thence
to Kalorama and the depot.- Pioneers had
charge of the funeral and each wore, a
badge with crape attached. Their banner
was draped. with crape. Then came mem
bers of the ' Grand Army of the Republic
and members of the Masonic order.
-The "services were opened with the sing
ing of the -hymn, "Nearer, My God, to
Thee,',' by a double quartet. The Rev. C.
B. Rogers of the i Presbyterian church offer
ed prayer.' The second hymn,' ."The Sweetest
Blossom Grown in the Land to Which We
Go," was sungr by a"*choir and was fol
lowed by a Scripture reading. The choir
sang , the third hymn, . "Jerusalem, the
Golden.". The Rev. Dr. Rogers then ' de
livered the sermon. The services closed
with' the singing of . "Christian, Good
Night.", ' • 7 '•¦¦:-, 'X:-' ¦ '-. ¦
VENTURA, April 24.— Funeral services
were held over the remains of Dr. Cephas
Ii Bard at his late residence on . Oak
street this afternoon. Hundreds of his
friends were present, having* come from
all sections of Southern California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Strenuous Temperance Lec
tures the Caus© of the
Crusade.
Impressive Funeral Held anci
All Business Is Sus
pended.
Walla Walla Bartenders
Startled by Night
Invasion.
Centura Citizens Render
Tribute to Late Dr.
Bard.
DRESS OF THE CHILD
SAVES HER FROM DEATH
Girl's Garment Caught by Train and
She Is Dragged a Long
'•'. \t t: Distance. ,~ • • , '
STOCKTON, April 24.— Evalyn Tealbo,
an eight-year-old girl, narrowly escaped
death this morning. She was . walking
close to a moving Santa Fe train in j the
local yards, when a .projection on one of
the cars caught her dress, and she was
dragged half a block.
Wnen the train stopped the girl was
picked up in a helpless condition, and it
is believed she has serious Internal in
juries. Three other children, who were
with her, screamed, and this attracted
the attention of the engineer, who stopped
the train. Had the dress given way she
would have been run over.
Jamison is about 30 years of age, has a
sandy mustache and is about 5 feet 8%
inches in heicrht.^
Jamison's friends fear that he has been
made the victim of foul play., He bore
an excellent reputation, and was not ad
dicted to the use of liquor. He had about
$100 on his person when he left Fair Oaks.
Before leaving home for Oroville Jami
son borrowed a bicycle from a friend. at
Fair Oaks. ' The wheel was shipped back
to Fair Oaks from Sacramento by express
on April 12. It has been ascertained that
Jamison stopped at Roseville to visit
some friends, and left that place presum
ably in the direction of Oroville at 11:45
o'clock on the same night.' It. develops
that he did not visit any of the nurseries
at Oroville and did not stop at any of the
hotels at that place.
•, Jamison left Fair Oaks Thursday, April
10, to go to Oroville, Butte Count*', to pur
chase a number, of fruit . trees for the
colony. He told his agred mother that he
would positively return on the following
Saturday evening, April 12. He failed to
come home, however, and not a single
trace of his whereabouts has since been
found.
SACRAMENTO, April 24.— The resi
dents of Fair Oaks, a colony
made up in large' part of wealthy
Eastern people . . about twenty
miles from Sacramento, are
greatly mystified over the disappearance
of Harry W. Jamison, the representative
at that place of the Chicago Fair Oaks
Association.
WOMEN SWOOP
UPON SALOONS
BELLS SOUND
THEIR SORROW
THE SAN FRAffCISGO CALL, fJipA Y> APRIL 25, 1902.
FEAR ONE OF THEIR T0WNSMEN
MAY HAVE BEEN SLAIN BY ROBBERS
Residents of Fair Oaks , Marveli "-at. the
Strange .Disappearance ;'', of, Harry Jami
son, Who Recently Started, for Oroville'
PROMINENT RESIDENT OF FAIR OAKS, IN SACRAMENTO COUNTY,
WHO DEPARTED FOR OROVILLE TWO WEEKS AGO AND HAS
FAILED TO RETURN TO* HOME AND FRIENDS. '¦ >
8
ADVEBTISEJCENTS.
t^^ JVholesome
Clear, sparKling,
fSl^^^\ P aiatab!e ' Has a
wv^^fifr^ flavor peculiarly
its own, mailing it the most
popular bottled beer for table use
in cottage and mansion all-round
the wide, wide world.
AnheuserBusdiBremngAssii
St. L©«»3, U. 3. A.
. »r*W*« afoc =/ B^cK & Tar., Anh,user.S«a O <Sard.
Faust.. Expert Pals, Exc»w!alte, Mlshelob a=d Matt fiutrm.^
AH order* promptly filled l»y
E. G. LYONS & RAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San rrancisco, Cal.
BBIHBI1IB1IIIIBZI1I1I ¦¦¦¦¦¦HBBMBHBBHBBBBBBBBIlgaBBHBMBBHiiMBM \
aO , __ . ; __ . — — . — ~_ — - — - _— _. ., , , . . . -- . . . — — — ; ; — on
S ; ¦.;.:¦/ ¦..,.-¦.'.••>.¦ ', ; ;¦; % .. . ¦ . . -. . fi
¦ ... -"-.•- •.-¦¦¦. .¦•• .¦..:¦."...'. .•:.".•..." , -,,"'. ¦ : - ¦: , ¦ . . . f3
{3 • ¦;¦;"¦'" .'': •-¦ ¦ -"v--. ¦r>? .-¦¦-" . ¦ : .v- . ---:>r- ¦-^ur--^',^::i:z^: i ,'H'-^u^-¦•^v^;:V{ ¦/..;•.;./ -.-U^. ..-'¦ •\^.?---^ *",'¦ ¦ '.•=..¦,. '" ' ¦ - ," ¦ ' ¦
g v - « - « « ..^- - TTT -, _..._..^. ....».........¦*..«¦««•¦¦«•¦«.««......««.«.«»...«.................. ..^.....«» ti»i««iii»i« !»«¦¦> j r H
E3 * bbS3EQHb^bS99bT t^nk-gS|ji^'K'3*g£3 - . B£9i|9fHE9flBB^Bi '¦'¦¦-'¦*¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ * l ?^jTBC^^& IPU a ¦ ¦ * ** " ¦ bj
S 1 T TJ £ if -LI j. J fx a' if \ * x fT fJ ££ 'xL L 1 ''-'•• I
i t / & 1 would teel bloated after eating the plainest meaL 1 would suiter with head- s
£ ]2i^:- ' ' ¦¦ ' - • : ' ' ¦ - ' : '¦ '¦ '.' :-""'".".' ;1 - ¦ ' •.' '¦¦ u t . ¦ .' ; ¦'- ¦.-¦;- " -;'.'. '¦;'.- '-/I ¦'
i ache that nearly drove me crazy, ariiw^ •• |
s j quick to me I would cry. I could noth^tp it I was not fit for any kind of work* §
| I Since I have been taking Ripans^T I
8 \ :¦ change and inquire the cause. I always say Ripans did it. I take one after each meal |
CM 4 ¦ --.. ' ' ' • I ¦.'" "- h ES
Of ','¦¦¦ ¦ ¦.;; ¦ •¦¦¦.¦ •.¦:•¦-;¦-¦-¦¦ ',:,.-.'¦ - Xfh
| At druggists'. The Five-Gent packef is enough for an ordinary occasion x I
| : The famiiy bottle, .60. cenfe ; I
B f - ' • ' ' I"-''-'--.--".'/'---'"-- '"-. ¦ ¦' ¦'¦¦ - ¦"' ¦ " • ¦ ."• •'.*>? •¦ ' V,^|?\>-.' ¦ :.-.-¦ ¦¦¦¦•-.:. ' ' ' . - . ¦ " " ¦ K]
5 Ja _- a _.-•--_'..¦.-_._ .--.._.'• '^' 1 '. '-'-"' ' • . - ••¦¦:•¦; ¦ ' : ' " " - " ¦ " : i-\"- ¦ .- . ¦ * ¦- . . / : :..--... f Zi
¦BiBBBBBBBBBBBB^BBBBBB BBBBBflBBBBBBflBBBBBflBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBa!tBBBBBBBBBBBBaflBBBBBBBBBBB«BBBBBBflBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBB9HHBBBBaB«auSWELL-KNOWN REAL.. ESTATE"
MAN AND THE YOUNG LADY
WHO BECAME HIS BRIDE.
S[TES FOR VALUE -OF GOODS.— W.' F.
Dixey is suinsr L. Schulti. H. Voorman and G.
\\V Jost of the McKittrick Consolidated Oil
Company for f 1096 C4, the value of g-oods al- i
Ukc<\ to have been sold and 'delivered to tl«f
company by various merchant*, who have as
blcced tlicir claims to the plaintiff.
OAKLAND, April. 24.— C. Boland. har
ness maker, was found dead to-day in the
rear of; his shop. Park ; avenue, near , Hol-
Hs street, ¦ Emeryville. Heart disease" is
supposed to have caused death.'. Boland
vas 1 65 ; years old. His family resides in
""•an Francisco. The Cordner took charge
of the, case. -. . :
Found Bead in His Shop.
NASHVILLE. Tenn/, April 24..— Edwin
H. Ewing, who was a colleague pif Daniel
Webster in the national House of Rep
resentatives, died to-night In Murfrees
boro, Tenn.. aged 92 years.
Edwin H. Ewing.
• ARRIVED. :
¦:¦•-• -;¦•* • ThurBday/Anrll 24 -
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 3C hours 'from Cres
cent City; bound south : put In to land paasen
eer3 ' v -DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed • April ' 24— Schr > " J M
Wcatherwax, for San Francisco; "achr En
deavor,-ror tian Pedro; bktn Gardiner City, for
Salines Cr-2. " • '..-- -
,FORT.< BKAGO— Sailed Auril 24— Stmr Na
tional'. City, for; San Francisco. . .
' ASTORIA— Arrived "\Arrll • £4 — Oer batk'No
mla,< from Hon^kon::. • - ' . . .
SEATTLK— Sailed . April 21— Stmr '¦ Nome
City, .-i for ' Nome; ? stmr EHhu- Thoawon, -for
Fkasway.-- ¦ " - ;
Arrived ¦- Anrll ' 24— Stmr • Elihu ' Thomson,'
hence -*Ai>rll ¦ 21. ¦*. . . • , ,
Late Snipping Intelligence.
MINNEAPOLIS. April 24.— Henry Hill,
a famous pioneer of the Northwest, died
at his home hero to-day, aged 76 year3.
He built many railroads, among them be
ing the Midland Pacific, now part of the
Burlington. . ¦ . , . .
Henry Hill.
OAKLAND, April 24.— The' delegates "to*
the'« Master Association in
State Convention at San Francisco will
be the guests to-morrow of the Oakland
Master Plmbers' Association.' A commits
tee composed of Daniel Crowley, F. p.
Furey and Joseph \B. Cruz will give the
visitors a trblley- ride through Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley during the morn
ing.' A banquet will be served at 1:30
o'clock, at ¦' which Mayor \Barstow -will
welcome the visiting mechanics.
Will Entertain Master Plumbers.
Death of Betired Policeman.
OAKLAND. April 24.-Hehry Ncdder
man, a retired policeman, died this-after
noon at his residence. 501 East -Twenty
fourth street. He suffered from dropsy.
The deceased patrolman was retired last
December, ¦ having ' served twenty-live
years on the force. -
Alumni Will Play Ball.
BERKELEY. April 2-1.— Ball-players
from the . Stanford and California^ alumni
will cross .bats Saturday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock on the Berkeley campus The
Stanford. battery 'will- be Parker and Me
Gllvray and the California Williams and
Smith. No admission will be charged
Trustees Will Elect President.
BERKELEY. April 24.— The annual e ec
tion of the president of the Boasu of
Trustees will . be heia Monday" nlslit
Trustees j Thomas Rickard and K. C
Staats , arc mentioned as possible suc
cessors to Captain W. H. Marston, whoa
term of office expires Monday.
Accepts Mayor's Appointment.
OAKLAND. April 24.— R. H. ¦ Chamber
lain has accepted an appointment to Mav
or Barstow's committee of five, named to
investigate -the question of a municipal
water supply. HBHSHKH
OAKLAND, April 24.— A number of the
merchants and property owners of Wash
ington street have decided to present a
plan to the City Council for' opening that
thoroughfare Into San Pablo avenue." They
are in favor of having the city dedicate
the land through the City Hall Park and
have the street opened on an angle, go
that -It ¦ will not be necessary "-. to take
any, land ; from the point- of the gore at
Fifteenth street -and San iPablo aveaue.
This plan is advanced In expectation that
bonds will be voted fora new City Hall
and the present building moved away.
Open Washington Street.
OAKLAND, . April 24. — The King's
Daughters' Home for Incurables is to be
moved very shortly. A new site has
been purchased on Broadway, a short dis
tance beyond Fablola Hospital,, and the
first, payment has been made. The prop
erty is occupied by the old Oakland San
itarium buildings, in wh:cn there is room
for but thirty patients: but the directors
of the organization already have plans for
adding to these bulldinjs.
New Home for King's Daughters.
MONTEREY. April 24.— Spencer. Cur
rell. one of thOi oldest pioneers of this
county, died at^hls home near San Lu
cas yesterday of cenlle debility. He came
to California in the early fifties. He was
81 years of age.
Spencer Currell.
AUBURN, April 24:->-Jacob S. Mariner
died at his home in Lincoln this mornln?
of apoplexy, at the age of 56 years. Tho
deceased was one of the most prominent
residents of Placer County. He was a
wealthy stock raiser and grain grower,
was vice president of the Lincoln Bank,
and 'a director of the Lincoln Cannery.
In politics he was a Democrat and served
his party several terms as Supervisor,
acting as chairman of the board. He had
been a member of the Democratic State
Committee and was hie party's choice at
one time for Sheriff and ' for Assembly
man at another time. He leaves a wife
and four children.
OAKLAND. April 24.-Llcen«es to marry
were issued to-tfay to Herman Goenig.
aged 25. and Barbara Fcfstel. 26, both of
Oakland: William T. Teague, 24. San
Francisco, and Bertie M. Bardo, 23, Oak
land.
Licensed to Marry.
The lands are located from Spokane
northon both. sides of the Falls and the
railway and as far as Kallspell PeaV
The Bradley purchase lies in the southern
section and Includes some of the finest
timber Sn the State.
The deal .hag' been in progress for sev
eral months and was closed by Assistant
Land Commissioner Wilsey and > General
Sales 'Agent Plummer, who. have just re
turned to St. Paul, from Spokane. West
ern lumber men are of the opinion that
the sudden withdrawal of so large a body
of timber will have the effect of advancln-*
Immediately the values of timber lands In
the State. ;
ST. PAUL, April 24.— One of the largest
deals in -Washington timber lands ever
made clears from the market the remain
ing holdings of the Northern Pacific In
that State.; More than one b'illlon feet of
standing cedar, fir, yellow' pine anu other
tlmDer -.: is ;, Included. -' Washington . mill
men obtained the greater r portion, al
though the. Bradley estate of Wisconsin
got a-Iarge share. /The deal includes 22o,
000 acres of forest, sold for |625,0Jv. ' v
From the Market.
Holdings of the '; 'Northern' Pacific
in That State Are Cleared
COMPLETE LAEGE DEAL IN
WASHINGTON vTIMBEB LANDS
OAKLAND, April 24.— A debate between
students of the University of California
will be held Tuesday evening, April 2D. at
the First Unitarian Church under the
direction of Martin C. Flaherty. Instruct
or in argumentation : at the university;
The question will- be: that
th'e Southern States should grant suffrage
to the negro In accordance with the spirit
of the ilfteenth amendment to the con
stitution of the United States."
The teams are as follows:. Affirmative—
Max Thelen. Walter Rothschild, Ralph
Pierce: negative— C. C. Halnes^ W. J.
Burpee, C. F.' Stern.
Will Meet in a Debate.
OAKLAND, April 24.— Surrendered by
his bondsmen. Frank Barbagaleta, ac
cused of numerous thefts of buggies, har
ness and the like, was taken Into cus
tody to-day. The police arrested him In
company with John Brown, against whom.
a prior conviction of burglary has be-»n
lodged In connection with recent charges
of theft.
•Surrender Accused Thief.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
SAN JOSE. April 24.— Archie McDonald.'
a piumber from San Fr.anclsco, who was
found in a dying condition on the street
Tuesday night, and later died at the Re
ceiving Hospital, is now believed to have
been the victim of an assault made by an
unknown man. Sheriff Langford Is In pos
session of evidence, that shows that just
before McDonald fell unconscious he had
an altercation wllh* a* man. Charles Cut
ler of Santa. Clara witnessed the trouble,
and he saw McDonald struck. An autopsy
revealed a hemorrhage of the brain, and
in the ear was a clot of blood. McDonald,
who had evidently had some trouble with
his assailant, had gone to the edge of the
sidewalk, when the man followed him and
struck him a blgw. During the day Mc-
Donald had complained of an attack of
heart trouble. It is believed that with the
drinks he had taken and a weak heart the
blow struck caused his death. • -,
Blow May Have Caused Death.
ALAMEDA. April 21— Walter Reamea,
15 years of age, and residing at Peach
and Adams streets, narrowly escaped be
ing killed by a narrow-gauge train near
Mound street last night. Young Reams."*
was driving a milk wagon to which was
hitched a balky horse. The . equine
stopped squarely In - the middle of tho
railroad and refused to budge. While tha
boy driver was endeavoring to urge the>
animal forward the train bore down upon
them. Young Reames jumped from th«
wagon and saved himself. The horse
was Instantly killed.
Train Kills Balky Horss.
• : : Oakland Office, San "Francisco Call,
, , 1118 Broadway, April 24.
",. To forward a movement', for "local op
tion" in: the matter. of saloon licensing, a
campaign convention has 'been called for
to-morrow. (Friday), eyening 'at the First
Presbyterian Church., Many, representa
tive citizens have, been invited to attend
the.meeting, the call; for which is the re
ault'of recent agitation by the Rev. L. M.
Hartley, superintendent of- the Anti-
Saloon League of Northern California.
The programme for the convention has
been aranged . to include ten-minute ad
dresses by prominent clergymen and lay
men who are interested in securing "local
option" legislation.
The Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, pastor of the
First Baptist Church, will open the dis
cussion with an address on "Local Op
tion.". The question Of "Campaigns Edu
cational" -will be presented by the Rev.
C. R. Brown, pastor of the First Congre
gational Church. ."County Legislation" la
the subject allotted to the Rev. Ernest
E. Baker, pastor of the First Presbyter-
Ian Church.
-The Rev. E.R. Dille. pastor of the First
Methodist Church, has been appointed to
present .his views on 'Vue Local Situa
tion and How to Meet It.V After each ad
dress ten minutes', general discussion will
toe allowed, each speaker being limited to
two minutes.
Delegates fiom all parts of the county
have been authorized. - The public gener
ally Is invited. The convention Will open
at 7:15 o'clock.
Oakland Local Optionists; Call a Con-
vention to',I>ebate_tb« "''j^i'.'L
¦" "¦"¦¦¦.¦ Matter;. <¦;¦ i "^ "'
OPENING THE CAMPAIGN J
; ;. .". .-¦** AGAINST THE iSAI^OONS
H. ,W. Michael was -acquitted in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday of Ca .chargo of
owning a house used' for^immoral pur
poses and located at 23 Bacon place. The
jury, was out but a few minutes.- r
Jury Acquits Michael.
The entertainment and dance that was
to take place at Union Square Hall. Sat
urday, April 26, for the benefit of Lime
rick booth of the Irish Fair, will take
place this evening, at Scottish Hail on
Larkin street, near Grove.
Change Date of Entertainment.
OAKLAND. April 24.— Company JI, First
Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets
will give a minstrel and vaudeville enter
tainment at St. Francis de Sales HalJ.
Twenty-first and Grove streets, on Thurs
day evening. May 8, for the benefit of
their uniform fund. This show will be
given solely oy members of the company
under the management of Dave Me-.
Laughlin. and promises to eclipse all their
former efforts in the way of entertain
ment. One of the features will be a tar
get shoot and "bum" drill, which latter
is said to be very funny. The music for
the occasion will be furnished by Profes
sor M. Cramer's orchestra of San Fran
cisco. Admission, Including reserved seats,
will be 50 cents. Tickets may be procured
from any of the members or at the door
on tne evening of the entertainment.
Raise Money for Uniforms.
. The President-elect has sent a telegram
to the Cuban Senators and Representa
tlvcs-clect in Havana, saying hfe would
ask the American Government before he
assumed office to pardon all Americans
under arrest or a.waiting trial in Cuba.
The Municipal Council of Havana has
voted to ask Secretary Root to grant the
pardons cf the Americans Senor PaJma
referred to in his telegram.
At a farewell reception given the Presi
dent-elect at Holguin 1300 school children
sang the Cuban hymn. At a banquet the
fame evening the President-elect urged
the- people, without distinction of class, to
unite J& erecting an unbreakable barrier
for the protection of the new republic. He
?ald he counted upon the Spaniards in
Cuba, whom he characterized as one of
the principal factors In the island, to as
sist in the republic's success. He said the
Cubans should unite on the economic
rather than political lines, establish the
stability of the first Cuban Government
and show the world that the Cubans were
not like the people of certain South Amer
ican republics.
On the way to Bayamo. Senor Palma's
party was entertained at the camo of tha
Cuban company which Is constructing the
railroad from Santiago de Cuba to Puerto
Principe. Upon approaching Bayamo,
Jser.or Palma was met by a number of his
old war companions, including Senores
Rabi. Lora and Bacz, who escorted him to
the town.
HAVANA. April 24. — President-elect
PaJma arrived at his old home, Bayamo,
in Santiago province, to-daj'. He was en
thusiasticaUy received along the route
from HolgTiin, from which place he trav
eled In an old-fashioned Cuban volante.
He was accompariied by hundreds of per
eons on horseback.
Economic Rather Than Political
Lines.
Tells Them They Should Unite on
PKESTDElfT-ELECT PAIMA
GIVES ADVTCE TO CUBANS
Mrs. Sutro was assisted by Mrs. Elton
Waterbury Clarke, Miss Edythe Martyn,
Part II.— Piano solo, "Silver Spring": (Ma
ton), Pcrlee V. Jervis; tenor sdo (Harris) K'J
ward Gerard Thlers; violoncello solo (Kronald)
Hahns Kronald; barytone sclo. (a) vi Love
Ton" (Strclezka). Ih) "An Open Secret" (Wood
man). Lewis Williams: piano solo (SUaboV
Madame Lund Skabo; violin solo (Godard) Misj
Edythe Rclle Roberts.
I art I.— Piano solo (Chaminade). Miss Minnie'
Topping), violin solo (Eva dell' Aqua), Mits
Louisa Wood : soprano solo (Muslren) ' Mr j.
Franets Van .Veen; recitation (Elton ;W Clark
Jr.), Miss Martha N. Dye; quintet, voice > vI6-
Un, violoncello, niano and or«ran. M>s. ¦ Morris
Van Veen. Miss Edith B. Roberts. ; Mrs. Mlnnio
Topping, Hans Kronald. -Miss Edythe Martyn;
barytone solo, '-"Summertime". (Landon Ronaid)
(son* cycle). Lewis Williams. ' . • '
One of the most delightful "at! homes."
of the year was given by Mr. and Mrs
Theodore Sutro at their . residence 320
West One Hundred and Second street and
Riverside drive, New York, Wednesday.
April 16. 'It was the last of fourteen "at
homes" given during' the season. Mrs.
Sutro reserves the second and third
Wednesdays for her friends, and a de-*
llghtful musical programme Is always as
sured. The programme on this occasion
was 'fis follows; , •
Mrs. E. B. Pond was hostess at a
euchre party last evening at her resi
dence, 1019 California street. The decora
tions were simple and In excellent taste.
The affair was most Informal and a num
ber of friends were delightfully enter
tained. •
\ • • ?
The Alden Club, which Is an active
branch of the International Sunshine So
ciety, held an annual meeting yesterday
afternoon at the home of the president,
Miss Mabel Ayer, 1622 Clay street. The
drawing rooms were prettily decorated in
ferns and red carnations, red being tho
club color. The members . of the club
presented Miss Ayer with a grateful
floral offering of pink roses, pink .being
the color of' these State- organizations.
The programme consisted of a clever and
helpful address by Mrs. John F. Merrill,
reading of the annual reports and well
rendered piano selections by Miss Levlnla
Glesting, presentation of a log book con ?
talning pictures and names of the Aldea
members, press notices of their work,
and, in fact, a complete history of the
last year. The address was followed by
an Informal reception. Refreshment^
were served, and the "hospitality com
mittee" entertained those present with
charming cordiality. . ,
A DELIGHTFUL euchre party was
given yesterday af iernoon by Mrs.
John P. Young at the Sorosls
Club rooms. The guests numbered
sixty-six ladies, who thoroughly
enjoyed the charming hospitality extend
ed. The decoration^ were pink carnations
and Duchess and Lady Banksla roses ef
fectively arranged with »n abundance of
foliage. Handsome prizes were won by
Mrs. Edwards, Mte. Linda Bryan, Mrs.
H. R. Mann, Mrs. FraiiK Moulton and
Mrs. Kate Yeamans.
After the game delicious refreshments
were served by- -Wheeler. Mrs. Young
was assisted by Mrs,. W. F. -Mills and her
Sister, Miss M..G. Brown. The young
ladles who assisted as counters were:
: Miss Besste Wilson,. Miss Florence Bailey,
Miss Mabel *VatkinS:, : and Miss Callie
Moulton- -..,-' r . f ¦¦ •
Those' present were:.. , : .
Mrs. '¦ Voronr, Mrs. Canjnbell,' Mrs. L. Lev
teton; "1^3., W.-F.-MilU,- Mr$.,-Belcher.. Mrs."
F. F. Fredericks, Mrs. E. O. Dennlston, "Mra.
Qodfrty, . Mre;"' Kckart, Mrs. Spear, Mrs. Mo'r
toiKi Mrs/- Dent, "Mis. A. Wv; WlUon, , Mrs.
JCnight, Mrs. Jerome, Mrs. WHlcutt, Mrs. John
t-prunnee, Mrs. Sinmson,. Mrs. Marcus, . Mrt.
i Van Wyek'. Mr.i. Edwards, Mrs. Charles Mann,
Mr*: Kp.v«sns, - Mrs. William. Bryan," Mra. How
ard Holmes, Mrs. Harry : Mann, Mrs. ,Toby,
• Mr*. . Frr.nk Moulton, Mrs. Asa- Wells, Mrs."
Amos, Mrs. George Bailey, Mrs. Hideout, Mrb."
L,. H. Bryan. 3Ira. Blodgett. Mlsi, Elliott, Mrs.'
'James Bailey. Mrs. John T. -Dare, Mr3. Mau*
Mrs.- Kellogg. Mrs. A. . D. Farnsworthi Mrs.
Flint, Miss McFarland. Mrs. Kate Yeamanfc,
Mrs. William WIIHb. Mrs. C. H. . Wilson. ¦ Mrs;'
Joseph -Stewart, Mrs. Watklns," Mrs.-,. Lang,
Mrs. Baldwin, Mrs. Rebecca Jennings,- 1 '< Mrb.
W. S. Wood. Mrs. Relss, Mrs. "Houeh, Mis.
Etoyle Mm. Moss, Mrs. George Smith, Mrs.
Manning. Mrs. Oagocd. Miss Dcane. Mrs. A. M.
Burns, Mrs. KalHch. Mrs. Hubbard. Mrs. M.
Regensburger, Mrs. William Cluff, Mrs. Scott.
BERKELEY, April 24.— Enough forces
were gathered together this afternoon at
Third and Camelia streets, West Berke
ley, to constitute two belligerent armies,
but the day ended In peace, for a compro
mise was effected between Mrs. Daniel F
Duggan- and. the Southern, Pacific Com
pany regarding* the rights of the railroad
to ..lay a switch' past ' the Dugrgan resi
dence. Mrs. Duggan might, easily claim
a -victory, /or she forced the road to
yield -many points to: her. The officials
of the fcompany expre& satisfaction with
the terms- of the agreement. ". ;
This morning Mrs~. Dugg'aif was up at
daylight.;. waiting for. the. section hands
Avhh had fccampeied out of- range of her
revolver a- week ago. TheyidRI not come,
but thts- afternoon shewaa'-^fsited by P.
H; Malone*, special agent -fo#, the West
ern division; Roadmaster Thomas Ahem
and Engineer" -F. E.\X,loytf; all of the
Southern J'aelflc, and, i^ #as' agreed by
the ra!lr&ad- to -advance >ttie 'frog of the
switch thirty feet north.' vWlth this ar
rangement no cars cart stand witnln rifty
feet. of. the .'Duggan'. doqr,\and the track
will no t-taic coach upon-- the Duggan oiilv;
walk ¦- by ¦ several- feet." Workmen com
menced laying the switch as' soon as JHr&
Duggan withdrew her : opp'oslti^u.
Deputy Sheriffs G.-'V. Taylor a.id John
Striker ..and Deputy, Marshai. Q. J. Pres
tan ?»ttAnded the peace, conference. Mrs.
Puggan's husband,- whp i»-a raiUoad tin.
ploye, Mas not at home to-dav.
tlement of Differences With
the Southern Pacific.
Mrs. D. F. Duggan Arranges a Set-
WOMAN FIXES TE&MS
OF PEACE WITH EAILEOAD
Petitions In insolvency -were filed in the
United' States District Court yesterday as
follows: ' 'John ' Hi' ' Weston," " mining op
erator.' San Francisco, liabilities $34,102,
no assets; C. E. Paxton of San Fran
cisco is his heaviest creditor to the ex
tent of 15837. | H. R. Duffln, ticket agent,
'.San Francisco,- liabilities $18,206, no 'as
sets; his heaviest creditors are J. H.
Shebley and wife to the extent of $15,000.
Marshal N. Gerald, railroad employe,
Alameda County, liabilities $1435, no as
sets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
New Primary League Club.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the s Forty-second Assembly .District
was organized last night at Saratoga Hall,
814 Geary, street. Meyer Jacobs was elect
ed temporary chairman , and George W.
Lewis temporary secretary, i A committee
of five on by-laws was nominated, con
sisting of Norman'W.' Hall, chairman, and
Messrs. Barber, Folks,. Galland and Les
ter. " The , following resolution was
adopted: \ , ' •
Resolved,' ' That thi .Republican Primary
League Club of the Forty-second Assembly
District does heartily indorse the attitude of
Hon. K. XZ. Schmitz in the present" lamentable
railway atrlke.- . " ; " ¦ ¦¦¦'¦
. About seventy-five -members signed ; the
roll. The club will meet again on May 8." ;-
George James, as guardian of Rcsie
James, 13 years of age. sued the Oakland
Transit -Consolidated for S30.000 damages
to the "child. While ridinjc on a Grove
street car the child was thrown off and
injured.
The Public Administrator applied to
day for letters of administration on tha
estate of C- E. Stahn, who died in poverty
though having plenty. The estate conaista
of J5000 in the German Saving and JjOCM
Society. :,
•OAKLAND. April 24.— Henrv P. Dalton
points out the ambiguities of D. Edward
Collins' amended complaint in the suit
against the Enquirier, Dr. George C. Par
dee, Editor G. B. Daniels and himself in
a demurrer that he filed to-day. He ask3
for enlightenment as to W. E. Dargee'a
connection with the moneys that are al
leged to have been diverted by himself
and Pardee and Daniels to sustain an
agreement on city printing. He wants to
know if Collins got his information within
three years and how the publishing 1 com
pany was affected by the alleged borrow
ing on vouchers for work for the county
from J. B. Lanktree. Besides tho de
murrer, Dalton flies a motion to strike
out, the- motion containing twenty-eight
specifications. >•*-/-;
Maria Buzzalino began suit against
Luigi Morando for $3000 damages for slan
der. - She ¦ charges that the defendant
maligned her in two languages, calling
her a thief in each. . • - .
Flaws in Pleadings in Enquirer
rV.S- : . ¦ •¦ Suit..'.
Dal ton Files Demurrer Pointing Out
Miss Jolllffe, Miss Maude C. Macnamara,
Miss Lenora Jones, Miss Marguerite
Hicks and Mls3 Agatha Ailing. Among
the .two hundred who called were: - '.
Mrs. William Kelloggr Tlllotson, Mrs. Emer
son McMillian. Mis. William Mtlo Barnum,
Mrs. Henry Bradley Plant, Mr. and Mrs.
Amzi Lorenza Barber, Ethan Allen. MUa»Dalln
Kay Morris, Dr. Davidson Saul, -Mrs. Charles
E. Poster. AU-. and Mrs. Charles H. Dlcken
son, Mrs. Jfaa' Scott Allen, Mrs. Philip Car
penter, Dr. H. Ernest Gallant, ' Mr. and Mrs.
John F. Makely. Frau- Alice' von Kefler.Mra.
William' T. Cornell, -Miss - Florence Cornell.
Mis. William H. Oalily, Mr." and Mrs. John
Bolton Siro;»»on, Goal-dman Wright, Q. C. St.
John. Mrs. Henry Roso, Gaston JVeltur, Con
sul'Suppliant in France;- James Ard Haugli
rieout, Mrs. Arthur Frederick Hsgan, John de
Witt Warner," Mrs." John D.' Kernau,' Otto H.
Drogue,- Lock Wing, his Imperial Chinese Ma
jesty's • Vice Consul; Iylmenstchippefa Wurich,
Adolf Potocntk.. Mr. and Mrs. George Thomp
son- Jr., Misa ,Oakly, George fjharpe Clarke,
Mrs. Julia E. G. More, 'Mr. aniS Mrs.- Charles
Courer Jackson. Miss .' Pehrrun; '. Miss .Leay
craft. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick -O. Potter; Mr.
and Mrs. Aaron I/. Northroo. Mrs. C. Fred
erick Parrasa,. Mrs. George Henry Carter.
. ¦;¦ . if- '. _" • :.-,« ,_ • _ .' ¦< , . • ¦ ¦
:> Miss Eiea'ilor'.J,- Kennett,. aaughter.of
"Slr.-andrSlf^Wilttam^KennfettTt^nd'C.-J.
Haars were"*unlted. in. marriage yesterday
at : noon.* bythe" R«Sv. : John A. B. 'Wilson
at .'Howafd-street- 'Methodist Episcopal
Church. Miss Lizzie Plevln was maid of
honor and tho Mleses Florence Tapley,
Ethel Hutchinson and Di?alone Sorrels
acted as bridesmaids. Henry Davidson
was best man and F. "W. Kennett, brother
of the bride, John F. KIngstpn and
Thomas Jones acted as groomsmen. Mrs.
Haars has been for many years one of the
most popular and active young members
of the Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church. Mr. Haars is the president of
the Donald Investment Company, and a
successful real estate dealer of this city.
He is. president of the San Francisco Ep- |
worth League Alliance. Immediately after
the cerfcmony the young couple left the!
city for their honeymoon. On their re- !
turn they will reside at 923 O'Farrcll '
street. • |
•'"•.¦••¦' ¦'•¦ I
Miss Isabel Van Winkle and William H.
Thompson of Sacramento, were -united' in
marriage at the home of 'the .bride's par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. P.' ' S. .Va*tt' Winkle, 104
Eaker street, on .Wednesday.' evening.
Nearly 100 friends were present.. Rev. Dr.'
Kefr • performed the.i cef emoriy. The deco
rations werfc pink roses'and foliage. Mlsa
Almee Van .Winkle, 1 ? the bride's sister, was
malflof honor. The only bridesmaid was ',
Miss Grace 'Thompson." ¦J'.lHarney acted;
as best man. Mr/.. and.; Mrs. -Thompson
will live in Sacramento,, Where the groom
has business Interests, being manager of
thejWestlnghduse'&^Uester Company.
• .' t,.'. . ¦' < ¦.?'.«,- ;¦».,, ,..., . .. ; ¦. : %
/•iMiss Gehevlave Martin' arid W. A. Blas
ingame of Fresno were the. principals at a
<iuiet wedding on Wednesday evening at
• the First Presbyterian Church. Rev. 1 wll-i
llam.K.r Guthric , officiated. The bride' is
a -daughter of.. Mr. and Mrs. F. W Mar-^
tin, who reside at. 2100 Scott street. Miv
and Mrs. BlaHlngdme will make theliS
home In Fresno, "where the groom ha^
horticultural Interests. . -•>!
The blossom fete which was to have
been given yesterday at the residence of
Mr.' and Mrs. W. A. Jacobs on Pacific
avenue was postponed owing to the dif
ficulties of transit during tho strike.
• ' • ' •
The tea to have been given at the Cali
fornia Club rooms for the benefit of the
Plxley Memorial Free Kindergarten on
Saturday." April ,2b\ has boen ' postponed
because- of -the .-strike. .
PICKS. OUT AMBIGUITIES
IN COLLINS' COMPLAINT
The lecfure was given . under the aus
pices of Stockton Parlor Ko. 7. The dis
course, which included a. highly interest-
Ing review of historical mc'idents attach
ing to the mission memorials and other
famous landmarks of California, was il
lustrated by more than 1M stereopticon
views. Besides the lecture, there was a
programme of enjoyable features; among
them, music, pinging and dancing. . ¦ The af
fair was presided ¦ over .by ; Ottp. von Det
ten. the president of the parlor, who had
as an able assistant Recbrdins Secretary
A. J. Turner-' - - ¦¦•'¦.' '¦¦.-. ' ••'.;•
STOCKTON. April 24.— An entertaining
lecture en "Historic Landmarks of Cali
fornia" was delivered before a large audi
ence in Pioneer Hall this evening by Jo
seph R. Knowland. grand trustee of the
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Lecture in Stockton.
Order Delivers an Interesting
Grand Trustee Knowland of the
NATIVE EONS HEAR
OF HISTORIC LANDMARKS
To-night the delegates were entertained
at a reception given by the Colorado So
ciety Sons of the Revolution.
The president general and the registrar
general were re-elected.' i The board of
managers will be^elected to-morrow.,'.'" • .
-An amendment -to the . constitution -was
adopted which provides that the general
meetings . shall be held between April . 20
and May 20 of each year, the exact, date
to be fixed by the board of managers.
President general. Miss Adaline W. Sterling:,
New Jersey; first vice president general, .Mrs.
Sarah L. Hunt, Massachusetts; second. vice
president general. Mrs. J3. P. Graham. New
York; recording secretary general,. Mrs. Carie
ton M. Moody. Pennsylvania; treasurer general,
Mrs. George W. Hodges, New York; correspond
ing secretary general. Miss Emma G. Page,
Tsewr York; registrar general,- Mrs. Joseph J.
Cassie, New York; librarian general. Miss Tar
quiaia I... Vor.s. Indiana: historian general, jj rp .
Alexander M. Ferris. Massachusetts.
DENVER, April 24.— The Daughters of
the Revolution, who are holding their an
nual meeting in this city to-day, began
the consideration of proposed amend
ments to the constitution. Miss Adaline
W. Sterling of New Jersey, the president
general, is presiding and there are .fifty-'
nine .delegates registered. The tenor of
the reports from -the State societies indi
cates that educational work amonjj the
young may, to sorna extent, take the
place of the building of monuments and
the preservation of historic spots of the
revolutionary war. in the future work of
the Daughters of the Revolution.
The following officers were elected this
afternoon: . " ' "
Will Take the Place of Build
in g Monuments.
Educational Work Among the Young
DAUGHTERS OF REVOLUTION
MEET IN ANNUAL SESSION
The class of 1902 was as follows: EH T.
Allen, Portland, Or.; James Ervlne,
Knock Iveah, Ireland; Clarence D. Her
riott', Santa Cruz, Cal.; John Meeker,
Wooster, ,- Ohio; James-. Murray,- Ellens
burg, Wash.; Edward R. Plpenburg, Oak
land: Albert W. Wright, Lebanon, Or.;
Charles F. Woodward, Boise, Idaho.
Addresses were made, by members of
the graduating class as follows:, "Regions
Beyond," Clarence D. Herrlott; "An An
chored Life,". Eli '. T. . Allen; "A New
Thought," John Meeker. The commence
ment address was made by the -Rev. Er
nest E. Baker of Oakland. -. r'. r ' .
SAN .RAFAEL, April 24.— The graduat
ing exercises of the Presbyterian Theo
logical Seminary at San Anselmo ; took
place this afternoon in the college audf
torium. A large number of San Fran
cisco people were present to 'witness the
exercises. Eight graduates, received di
plomas. • , ¦...;,¦.
Presbyterian ": Theological Graduates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Eroadway, April, 24.
Borne down by grief over the death a
short time ago of her husband, and hope
less because of the knowledge that she
could not stay the ravages of dread con
sumption, Mrs. Rosalie Taylor died to
day at 1903 Telegraph avenue, having for
months refused to place-herself under the
care of a physician. .
"It will be useless," said the unhappy
woman, "and I can only wait patiently
for the inevitable, which must soon
call me." . .
Because of Mrs. Taylor's unyielding op
position to a physician's care, there was
none who could lawfully sign the death
certificate, which the statutes demand.
Therefore Coroner Mehrmann was called
upon to take charge of the case. There
will be a formal inquiry, in order that the
requirements of the law shall be met.
Pathetic indeed is the story of this
wojnan. . Only a year and a half ago she
was married to John Taylor, a young
Santa Cruzan, who settled in Oakland
and engaged in mercantile work on the
other side of the bay. His last engage
ment was with the Emporium in San
Francisco. Shortly after that consump
tion attacked him. For months the young
bride nursed her husband, but the prog
ress of the disease could not be stayed,
and before long he was borne to the
grave.
Worn by constant watching and worry,
Mrs. Taylor was an easy victim for the
germs. Soon after her husband had
been laid away the wife knew that she
was In the grip of the fatal malady. She
tried to support herself by dressmaking,
but was compelled to desist,. her strength
being, insufficient. ' Then ¦ the young
woman went to the home of Mr. and Mrs.
C K: Marshall, where she breathed, her
last to-day; -'*--.•¦:-•—--...'.- T
From the . very beginning ilra. , Taylor
persisted in. the stand that the doctors
might only prolongher suffering.- There
fore she resigned herself to the situation
and was ready for the end when It came.
Mrs. Taylor was 28 years old and a na
tive of San Francisco.
Mrs. Rosalie -Taylor of Oakland Sac
' rifices Her Life to Love and
¦ Duty.
WIFE'S DEVOTION TO HER
HUSBAND LEADS TO DEATH
City Attorney Maihews made a power
ful argument on the theory that the
franchises offered for sale were not piich
as the law gives to the city authority
to cell, for the reason that they con
tained unusual privilege^
T. E. Gibbon, .attorney if or« the -Tra>>
non company, read many cases in sup
pori of tb« proposition that the bid of
the Pacific Electric Company could not
feu accepted by the Council: that the
lime for open bids had passed and the
Council acted arbitrarily.
The argument will be concluded to
rrorrow. when the complainants' attor
neys will take up their s!d<? of the case.
McEnerney sounded the keynote of the
opposition to the proceedings and raised
a point of gTeat importance to Lo3- An
geles, viz.. that the Broughton law is not
in force in this city. It was his conten
tion that the people cf Los Angeles,
ihrcugh the freeholders' charter, had
gained the right to sole self-government
in strictly municipal affairs and that the
Legislature cannot takf away this right
or assume control of the city's internal
business by the enactment of a general
?aw such as the Broughton act. As the
cuy charter provides for the rontrol of
ihe public streets by the Council an'l its
power to sell and otherwise dispose of
Mreet railway franchises, McEnerr.ey
held to the position that this righ- of
home rule was fixed when the Legisla
ture approved of the freenolders' charter
and that the constitution insured a- con
tinuance of this right, free from any act
of the State iawmaking body. -
This attack on the Broughton act was
in answer to the contention of the Pa
cific Electric Company that the ordinance
r.v which tlie Council granted the fran
chises was valid and binding on the city
rnder that act without the signature of
the Mayor, while three-fourths of the
Council is necessary under the charter
provisions.
The attorneys for the Pacific Electric
Company are Judge J. S> Chapman, Blck-
J;cli, Gibson A; 'iiask. Judge \V. K Fitz
gerald, liunsaker & Brltt. and Works &
i-*e. while Frank Mint was there to keep
tracit ot the yroce<HiinJrr, City Attorney
Matnews and Assistant City Attorney
liouoge were there to loot after the inter
t-tts of the city. The attorneys for the
i ruction and Clark Interests were Garret
jVic-Emrney cf San* Francisco. Gibbon,
'i ho mas & Halslead, byrcn L. Oliver and
P. R. Wilson. Garret McEnerney made
the opening argument for the Clark-Hook
side.
The purchase yrice was tendered back
to the Pacific Electric Company, and was
setused. As the Council notified the com
pany that an attempt to buiM under the
irar.chises would be met with all the
lorces at the city's command, the com
];&ny comirericed the present action to
procure an Injunction against tne city,
restraining It or the Hook interests from
icterlerenee with the proposed construc
tion. .
The proceedings were brought int«
«curt by the Pacific Electric Company
Uhe Huntingdon - Hcllman syndicate),
vhieh claims that its title to the fran
chise ts perfect, and became perfect when
The Council passed the ordinance accept
ing J 132.900 for the two franchises and
•i he money passed into the hands of the
City Treasurer. This ordinance wa3 ve
toed by Mayor Snyder, and the Council,
wfter second thought, decided to reeon
sidr-r its action in granting tne so-called
"freight-carrying" lranchises and de
clared all bids ol
LOS ANGELES, April 24.— Seldom has
such an array of legal talent illuminated
any Los Anjreles court as appeared in the
United States Court this afternoon when
the struggle for the possession of the
Sixth and Seventh. Ward and the West
ern and Vcrnon avenue railroad fran
chises began befoie Judge Welborn.
Special Dtepatcl* to The Call.
The Bowens have .been married since
1S75. They have nine children, the. eldest
of whom is 28 years of age and the young
est 9. .
Until three, years ago Mr. Bowen re
sided with his family in Alameda, but
after the acts complained of by the wife
h& began to live in San Francisco. He
remitted $323 a month for the support of
his family, but recently cut off thi3 al
lowance. Mrs. Bowen says he is well able
to continue the payments and she wants
the court to compel him to pay her a
regular stipend. His business is worth
$150,000. she thinks, and his income $1000
a month.
Margaret A. Magors was granted a
alvorce to-day by Judge Greene from J.
W. Magors on the ground of desertion.
She says she married him in 1S93 on the
advice of a friend, but that when she
went to live on her husband's ranch ! in
Oregon she found it so unlike , anything
she had been accustomed to that she ran
away from her husband. He did not con
test the suit. ¦ ...
At various other times the wine mer
chaint is alleged to have cursed his wife
without provocatlqn and in the presence
of the children and guests. of the family.
All these overt acts took place at . tha
home of the Bowens in Alameda. ¦
The wife, whose name is Margaret B.
Bowen, filed her suit to-day. She names
cruelty and desertion as the basis for h-or
action. She complains that lately her
husband's conduct toward her has be
come intolerable. On February 13, 1SS9.
she charges, he struck her in the face
with his clenched fist. Her children, who
witnessed the assault, were called upon
to rescue her from their father's frenzy.
The alleged disposition of Charles E.
Bowen, senior member of the firm of
Wetmore, Bowen & Co*, wlner merchants
of San Francisco, to use his. fists upon
his wife- whenever things did not go tha
way to suit him has induced that .wife
to seek relief from further trouble wlin
him by applying for a divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
;Hi: . 1118 Broadway, April 24.
V OMAHA, Neb.,; April 24.— At the,~niorn
lng session bt • the Presbyterian
Beard of of the Northwest
jsyriodlcal reports were the order and
jw.eVo heard from Montana, Utah and sev
eral other States. ¦ The report from . Utah
prepared by; Mrs. M. M.T. Allen of Salt
lake ' created , V considerable discussion.
Mrs. Allen's report said:
: .".The* conditions in Utah have come to
{•.-.crisis. Polygamy is being' taught with
renewed. vigor. . Mormon children are be
higv prohibited from -going to Gentile
fcctiools, and reiigion and state are being
too closely identified." , . = .
". The r report of the nominating cofnmit
.tee, which was unanimously adopted, was
as follows: . -: . : .•¦-.-. .-. .
President, Mrs., Henry H. Foray th; re
cording secretary, Mrs. Thomas E. D.
Bradley; general corresponding secre
tary, Mrai Robert Walter and seven as
sistants; financial secretary, Mrs. D. B.
Wells and ten assistants; treasurer, Mrs.
C. B,. Harwell;, auditor. Mrs. Earl C.
Greenman. .These are all Chicago
people. .;¦ :¦-'¦'¦¦. ,-<f\' .'...¦'¦¦ •
-Vice Presidents were appointed as foU
lows:, Illinois: 12. .Indiana 3. Michigan 3,
Iowa 3, Wisconsin 2, Minnesota 4, Colo
rado 1,- Nebraska 2, Utah 1, South Da
kota; 1. <;:-*¦¦•;; jv ¦;. ._.,-¦ -j\ • ¦
The report of the treasurer showed re
. ceipt* -f or . the year#of $78,750. of which
amount $71,628 was appropriated fcor mis
sionary work. , : .
'• An ' InVItatiorT ' to meet in Chicago
next year .was. accepted.
As a result of the fire, which destroyed
ton houses,* a church, a sohoolhousa and
nine stables In the village of CUntondale.
Clinton County, last night, six-year-old
Agnes Felding lost her life. The child
became frightened when the flames at
tacked the home of her parents and In
attempting to reach a place of safety she
fell into a creek and was drowned.
A critical state of affairs exists in the
northwestern portion of Wyoming Coun
ty, in the Pine Creek Valley. Near
Haneyville last night 400,000 feet of sawed
lumber belonging to George Walker was
destroyed. Rogers' sawmill on Luck Run
was burned during the night.
The mountains bordering Pine Creek
are reported ablaze from Ramseyville to
Ansenla. At Ramseyville 2500 feet of logs
belonging to Valentine Luppert of South
Wllliamsport were destroyed.
At Ridgeway last night a fire alarm
was sounded and the citizens turned out
to fight the encroaching flames and save
the town from destruction.
The forests are ablaze from Renova to
Johnsonburr. . -
WILLIAMSPORT. Pa., April 24.—Dur
ing the past forty-eight hours the furious
sweep of forest flres in tlie central sec
tion of the State has caused devastation
to a vast amount of property and in two
cases loss of life. Mountain fires de
stroyed a large number of sleepers and
caused the rails to spread on Barcelay's
lumber railroad. , An engine and a dozen
cars loaded with logs were derailed. The
locomotive overturned, pinning two v of
the six men riding on it under the tender.
The other four men saved themselves
with great difficulty, but were unable to
prevent their comrades, pinned under the
tender, from burning to death. The
names of the unfortunate 1 men have not
been learned.
General Castillo died later -from the
wounds received in the engagement.
The situation in Venezuela is again crit
ical. . ;
General Castillo personally led the ad
vance of the Government guard, composed
of Andilis, veteran troops. An hour after
the opening: action General Castillo was
wounded, immediately after this ail the
recently recruited Venezuelan soldiers dis
banded, deserting in all directions, and
eventually reaching San Antonio. .
The Government officers tried to rally
troops, hut their efforts were In vain, and
ended in a complete retreat of the Vene
zuelan soldiers.
. The ' wherabouts of General Escalante,
who was second. in command of. the Gov
ernment army, was unknown when^this
dispatch was forwarded.
PORT OP_SPAIN; Island of Trinidad,
April 24.— (By special steamer from Cu
mana, State of Bermudez, Venezuela.)— On
Tuesday morning the Venezuelan Govern
ment troops, numbering 2200 men, under
General Ramon Castillo, attacked th«
Revolutionists between San Antonio and
Gunana . Guana, distant about thirty
leagues from.Cumana, and situated, in- a
mountainous country, well known to the
Revolutionists. ; . ; ' . - : *£>$,
Lives Are Lost.
Much Valuable Froperty Is
Destroyed and Several
at His Hands.
Says Their Children Saved
'Her From Being Harmed
Sensational Statement Made
... Before Woman's IJoard
of Missions.
Struggle Over Possession of
Valu?.ble Franchises
Begins.
Situation in the Disturbed
Republic Is Again Very
Critical,
th9 'Present- Cbndi
" tions in Utah.
Mrs. Allen Reports on
Venezuelan Forces Put
to Flight and Leader \
¦
Killed.
Flames Sweep Over the
Central '> Section of
Pennsylvania.
Cruelty.
I'Charles K Bowen's Wife
Him With
Notable Multitude of
Lawyers in Los
Angeles Case.
FOREST FIRES
GAIN HEADWAY
WINE MERCHANT
USES HIS FISTS
SAYS POLYGAMY
IS NOT WANING
LEGAL LIGHTS
DAZZLE A COURT
CASTRO'S MEN
ARE DEFEATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO PALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1902.
Mrs. John P.- Young Gives Delightful Euchre
Party-Eleanor J. Kennett Becomes -Bride
of C. J. Haars at Howard M. E. Church
ENTERTAINS HER FRIENDS
AT SOROSIS CLUB ROOMS
9
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
In Often 3Iade l»y tike Wlsieat of San
'" . FranolsMso People.
It's a fatal mistake to neglect back-
ache. .... .
Backache is the first symptom of kld-
nevills.* : * >;
Serious -complications follow.
Doan's Kidney Pills cure them
promptly. ¦ • ; .
Don't delay until too late.
Until It becomes diabetes— Blight's
disease." ' .
Read what a* San Francisco citizea
says:
Mrs. Jennie Huntlngton of US Eleventh
St., says: '"Kidney complaint and rheu-
matism have clung to me for years. Dur-
ing the attacks I can only describe my
suffering as excruciating. For three
weeks before my son went to the Owl
Drug Co., 1128 Market St., for Doarj('3
Kidney PUls my back ached so that I
could scarcely stand it; in fact, it wgs
sore to the touch. To straighten was 1m- ¦
possible and to stoop was Just as bad. I
knew from the excessive action of ithe
kidnev secretions both night and day
that my kidneys were at fault, but what
to -do to check the trouble was a mys-
tery. If every one In San Francisco * re-
ceives aa undoubted benefit from the use
of Doan's Kidney Pills as I backache and
kidney complaint will cease."
Sold for 50 cents per. box by all dealers'.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y., sole
asents for the United States.
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
This sig&ature is on every box of tho gesida*
Laxative Brorao-Quinine Taweu
lfe« remedy that cnxea a cold la «a« Cm&
is just what it claims
to be— an infant's food
that has no equal
except mother's A
milk. Send a postal (£
for a free sample. -5)
MELUN'S FOOD COMPANY.
BOSTON, MASS. J»Times and Heights of HIsh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and lew waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-rive minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
BRITISH SHIP WHICH IS RE
PORTED WRECKED ON
SHELLBANK ISLAND.. •.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
- The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
tiuildlng was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of . the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch nydrogrraphlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 24, 1902.
FRIDAY. APRIL 25. ,
Sun rises ..'. .5:21
Sun sets . -¦ 6:51
Moon rises 0:37 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition ot the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day lir'the order of occurrence as to time: th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of th*
day. except when there are tut three tides, as
cometimes Occurs. The heights given aro - In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
clgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. . ,
TO SAIL. '
REDDING, April 24.— The Vina post
offlce was robbed again Tuesday night,
the third time within six weeks. The
robbers made an attempt" to blow; open
the. safe, but they were unsuccessful.
Sheriff Bogard recently apprehended
"Scar-faced" ' Kelly, i who ., was brought
back from Suisun to answer for the last
attempt, and began work upon last
night's case, when he was apprised that
two men had been arrested to-day on
Deer Creek by John Lawson with the
stolen stamps. In their possession. The
men are in custody and will be landed In
Jail" upon the arrival \ of this evening's
train. . . . .
Postof fice Bobbed a Third Time.
Everything in horticultural and.viticul
tural lines in Sonoma' County is progress
ing favorably, and the prospects are good
for a-most abundant crop of all kinds.
Early fruits have formed well and the
trees are loaded. The rainfall . was not
required at this time, but . nevertheless
the farmers are jubilant - at having . re
ceived It. The rain was the most gentle
of. the . season and lasted far Into the
night. • *
SANTA ROSA, April 24.— After several
days . of extremely cloudy weather tha
threatened rainfall began " "Wednesday
afternoon. Reports .received here are . to
the effect . that all parts -of the county
were treated .to a generous shower. The
rain gauge marks a precipitation of .60 of
an inch. This precipitation brings the
record for the season up to 31.82, the" cor
responding date of the previous year be
ing only 27.07. c- • . , . j;
MILTON, April 24.— Sixty-hundredths of
an inch of rain fell here last night. The
storm, was timely and -will be of great
benefit ' to ¦ grain, especially the winter
sown, which was becoming parched by
the continuous dry weather. The weather
is still unsettled and a continuation of the
storm is -probable. / ; '
SAN RAFAEL, April 24.— The rainfall
in all portions of . Marin County has been
greater. this season than for- many years.
In this city it has been raining for the
past twenty-four hours almost incessant
ly and with no immediate prospect of
abatement. The precipitation for this
season up to the present time is 43.4S
Inches,- against 34.13 inches for the entlra
season last year. , , :
LOS ANGELES, April 24.— Cool, unset
tled weather prevails here , to-day, with
prospects for showers during the next
twenty-four hours. , Rain fell early this
morning for a short time. The precipita
tion amounted to .04 of an inch;
BAKERSFIELD. April 2.— Following a
high wind rain commenced to -fall in thirf
city shortly after midnight, resulting In a
precipitation of .10 of an inch. The rain
fall in outlying districts was slight. From
appearances", there -will b& a continuation
of .the storm to-day. .¦"-.• .
FRESNO, April 24.— The- rainfall last
night was .28 of an Inch, making 6.71
for the. season.'. The prospects are for
more showers to-night and probably to
morrow: , "With an absence of frost and
the rain distributed at timely Intervals,
as it has been; the crop prospects of all
kinds have never been more promising,
both as to quality, and quantity. This
last rain was greatly welcome for matur
ing grain and to revivify pasture. Not in
years have the agricultural prospects
been: better. Snow is In plenty In the
mountains as . a . source of water for irri
gation during: the heated term.
SAN JOSE, April 24.— The heaviest rain
fall for, the month was tfiat'of yesterday
afternoon • and last night. It amounted
to .60 of an inch; making a total of -16.38
inches for. the season. It came In good
time, and there is rejoicing all over the
valley. Prospects for a. large yield or
fruits and cereals are exceptionally good.
Prospect " . Is - Excellent for
Large Fruit and Cereal
'¦.. '¦'¦?¦'¦¦. . Yield.
Moisture Conies at a
¦ Seasonable Period for
Farmers.
RAINS REVIVE
DRYING PASTURE
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Lnited States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
The ships Acme and Arthur Sewall now at
Honolulu, were chartered prior to arrival for
KUg=r- from that port to Delaware breakwater
at $6 75 <5Oc extra to Philadelphia)
The pchooner King Cyrus was chartered prior
to arrival for lumber from Chemalnus to Svd
n*y. 38a Od; option of Melbourne or Adelaide
46s ?A or Fremantle. 55s.'
The Brltiph ship Crocodile If chartered for
wheat to* Europe at 23s »d: the British ship
Windsor Park, same business at 25s (ten lav
days). . ¦ .
Charters.
Th» British ship Wayfarer was cleared yes
terday for Callao with 67.200 ctls wheat valued
et S73.OOO. and 1».000 feet of lumber as dun
rape, valued at $2Sr».
Shipping. Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Lost Her Deckload.
The British bark Aberystwith Castle, from
Eureka to Sydney with lumber, has arrived at
her destination with her deck load cone
After having made an unsuccessful at
icmpt to commit suicide two years ago
by taking carbolic acid. James I^arsen
fiucceeded in his second attempt last
Wednesday night. On the former occa
sion his wife snatched the bottle of poison
out of his hand and dissuaded him «from
his purpose, but on this occasion his wife
was abFPnt in the East, vipitingr relatives
in Hudson. N. Y. Larsen was 62 years
of agp and had been employed at the
Union Iron Works. He 'was a man of In
temperate ha bits=. and was subject to fits
of der-.jond^ncy when convalescing- from
a ppref . When his wife went Ka«=t the
couple stored their furniture and I^arsen
took a room with the family of John <"
Turney. at 1949 Market street. Larsen
was discovered dead In his bed yesterdav
morning. Stains of acid on his mouth
and a bottle containing- a small quantltv
of carbolic arid showed how he' had puc
ceetod in killing- himself. Larsen was a
member of Fidelity Lodge of Odd Fcl
!ot\p.
cite James Larsen to Take
Carbolic Acid.
Depressed Nerves After a Spree In-
TWICE ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
AND FINALLY SUCCEEDS
The steamship Arab, which left herefor the
Orient with a large cargo of flour, arrived
yesterday from Hongkong and Hakodate. Slse
was dPtained in quarantine several hours. She
docked at the seawall.
Arab Arrives From Hongkong.
1000 framed pictures— many of them
trood as new, and all will be closed out at
jrenuine bargains. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. *
Clearance Sale of Framed Pictures.
Henry Peterson yesterday afternoon picked
up a setter dog off Goat Island. The dog had
on Ills collar a brass tag. numbered 1031, and
was nearly dead when Peterson arrived on the
*cene in the launch Sybil. '
Rescues Setter From Drowning.
Captain O"Donne!l of the launch C. A. Mc-
Xelll yesterday afternoon picked up the sloop
Little Star, which he found adrift oft Goat
Island. He towed the derelict to Clay-street
wharf, where it now awaits an owner.
Picks Up a Sloop.
A gasoline launch is being built by Swanson
of Tiburon for \V. McNelll of Redding to run
between Redding and Keswick. which will
draw only twenty inches of water. The boat
is 32 feet long and will be equipped with a
15-horsepower engine. She is being built with
n square stern and will carry quite a lot of
freight and have accommodations for passen
gers.
A Light Draught Launch.
The bis British 'four-masted bark Strath
crj-fe. bound from Table Bay to San Fran
cisco, via Newcastle, Australia, went ashore at
Shellbank Island, near Wilsons Promontory,
on April 9. According to a dispatch received
yesterday at the Merchants" Exchange, she is
a. total loss. She was commanded by Captain
D. McRitchie, who with all hands is supposed
trr have been saved. The Strathgryfe has been
in this port a number of times. She was
built In 1890 at Port Glasgow by Russell &
Co. and hailed from Greenock. She wns a
steel vessel of 2276 tons register and was 270.4
feet long, 4.19 beam and 24.-1 deep.
Strathgryfe a Total Loss.
Red Rock, Fraser River to London. 148 days,
20 oer cent; H. F. Glade, San Francisco to
United Kingdom. 1S7 days, 55 per cent; Dirigo,
Hongkong to Honolulu. 90 days. 10 per cent;
American bark Yosemite, Newcastle, Australia,
io Guayrnas. 123 days. 25 per cent: Tweeds
dale, Honray to Port Townsend. 107 days, 12
per cent: Mahukona, Zamboanga to Puget
Sound. 121 days\ 20 oer cent; Altavela. Hast
ings Mills to Ostend, 76 days. 25 per cent;
Corunna, Newcastle. Australia, to San Fran
cisco, SI days. 10 Der cent; Invermay. Hong
kong to Royal Roads, 79 days, 10 per cent;
Alex Black. Taeoma to Queenstown. 154 days,
15 tier cent: Santa. Fraser River to London,
150 days, 15 per cent.
Three more vessels were added yesterday U
the reinsurance list, which is now larj-er as
t&r as local speculators are concerned than
ever before. There are in all eleven vessels
lor and against whose chances for safe arrival
reinsurance speculators In this city are now
betting 1 in greater or smaller amounts and at
various odds. The complete list and the rates
at which they were quoted yesterday are as
follows:
Many Ships on Reinsured List.
Fannie Reichenberg. wife of Bernhard
Reichenberg. who conducts a store at 62J
Market street, is very much disgusted
with married life, if the tale she tells in
a divcrce complaint filed by her yester
day is to be believed. For two years sh;
alleges she has lived with a husband who
refuses to talk to her or their children,
and who has otherwise conducted himself,
she alleges, in a manner which has made
life a burden to her and caused ner a
great deal ot suffering.
Since August 1, im alleges Mrs. Reich
enberg, her husband has "emerged from
his bedroom shortly after ti a. in., eaten
his breakfast in sulky silence, _ left the
house and remained away until o:30 p. m.
Upon his return he has retired to his
bedroom, where he remained until sum
moned to dinner, during the course of
which he would refuse to talk, and sat
sideways at the table to avoid facing his
family." „ , .
The wife alleges further that Reichen
berg on several occasipns raised a chair
to strike one of his children, against
whom he seems to have a particular aver
sion, and has only been restrained from
injuring the child through her efforts.
Threatened to Kill Child.
On the night of November 25, 1909. al
leges Mrs. Reichenberg, her husDand
brought home a nistol and "said he was
going to' take the life of the child or
t-ome other member of the family.
Mrs. Reichenberg also alleges that her
husband has given her but $o a week for
hei support during the last thirteen
years, notwithstanding that the income
he receives from his business averages
$259 a month. She aiso filed an affidavit
in support of a petition for a restraining
order preventing her husband from both
ering her pending the trial of the suit for
divorce, in which she avers that such an
order is necessary to protect her from his
disposition to harm her and her children.
Ihe Reichenbergs were married in July.
1S79. and reside at 1530 Post street. Mrs.
Keichenberg asks for the custody of the
children and a sufficient monthly ailovv
ance to support herself and educate the
children.
Edna P. Foster is suing C. WJ F. Foster
for divorce for desertion, which, she al
leges, occurred in July, 1900. They were
married In July, 1S93.
L.U lie 'Holmes, who was married to Wil
liam J. Holmes* at San Diego in March,
"S90. filed a suit for divorce against him
yesterday, alleging that for the last year
lie has failed to provide for her.
Belle R. de Graff is suing Samuel J. de
Graff for divorce on the ground of con
viction of a felony.
Says Moore Is Cruel.
Anna B. Moore is suing George J.
Moore lor divorce for extreme cruelty.
They were married in June. 1S94.
Ada 1*. French brought suit yesterday
for the annulment of her marriage to
George K. French. She was married to
French, she alleges, at Oakland, in 1S37,
Jive months after French had procured a
divorce from Alberta L. B. French. Sha
alleges that she learned that her marriage
to trench is illegal. The plaintiffs maiden
name was Ada Louise Snow.
E. D. Birkholtz, a wealthy resident of
Xew York, and a brother of Mrs. Emery
Morrison, who recently secured a divorce
from Albert L. Morrison, head steward
of the Techau Tavern, was appointed '
guardian of his niece. Henrietta Morrison,
yesterday by Judge Hebbard. Consent to
the placing of the child under his care
was obtained from the parents upon his
showing that he was in a position to care
for and educate her as her parents
wished.
Judge Graham prantod divorces yester
day to Thomas Muldowney from Minnie
Muldowney for cruelty and Hilda Johns
from I/eonidas Johns for desertion.
Asks for Divcrce on Ground
of Cruelty— Other Suits
Mrs. Reichenberg Says
Her Spouse Does Not
Talk Enough.
The Argyll's passengers were A. J.
Worth, F. S. Davis. Aug. Saarin, George
Muller and J. P. Connolly
The Argyll brings word that Colombia
is being taxed heavily to pay the
expenses of the warfare. The Gov
enrment takes the hides of . all
cattle killed and postal rates ha>-e
been raised to an almost prohibitive
figure. The postage on one lot- of mail
sent ashore from the United States ship
Philadelphia amounted to nearly. 5500 gold.
This is steeper than the officers of the
cruiser care about, and when the Argyll
sailed she brought a big bag of mail,
mostly from the warships stationed at
Panama.
five passengers. The Argyll had
a lively experience in a heavy blow on her
downward voyage. Part of her cargo got
adrift and for several hours all hands had
a hand-to-hand fight with the tumbling
freight. Several big puncheons of wine
got adrift while some of the crew were
engaged In re-stowing the merchandise in
No. 4 hold. Everybody but Carpenter
Fritz Baldew jumped clear of the rolling
casks, which, in spite of their 1400 pounds
of weight, were Jumping about the hold
like balls in a ping-pong tournament. One
of the puncheons struck Baldew on the
foot, almost severing that member. The
puncheons finally smashed.- Wading
waist deep in California wine, the sailors
jumped .from their safety perches, gather
ed up the fragments of the puncheons and
finished securing the dislodged freignt.
Baldew was given such attention as the
ship's officers could provide. He was
placed in the hospital at Panama until
the ship sailed and will to-day be taken
to the Marine Hospital, where his foot
may have to be amputated. • "
THE steamship Argyll arrived yes
terday, fourteen days ten hours
from Panama, with more than
.4000 tons of New York cargo and
QUIET HUSBAND
WORRIES WIFE
WINE CASKS IN HOLD OF STEAMSHIP ARGYLL
"GET ADRIFT" AND GIVE CREW FIERCE BATTLE
FROM SEATTLE,
, CAIiRO. -111-.. April • 24.— Five . more bodies
were found j to-day; hi : the river wreck : of
the steamer City of Pittsburgh. One .was
identified ,aa that : of - Patrick Burke : of
I Owensboro.- Ky; The ;. other. ¦: four -~ were
L l .«»aeof::neKroes. •' ...
Recover Bodies off Wreck .Victims.
• ' ¦' ¦'•'.¦•'•'. Thursday, .April 24.
¦ Stmr ¦ Glpey. - Inland, CO hours from • Monte •
reyand way ports. ' : .' ,
¦ Stmr Corona, -Swanson,' 10" hours- from Port
Harford. '. . • -r ¦ '- ,•• .-, . ; .
Stmr City. of Puebla, Jepsen. '. 51 hours > from
Victoria, etc. •¦ ',*, ., , .¦ ,. . •¦¦• -. ¦¦ , .--. .
Stmr .Argyll, Gllboy, 14 days v 10 hours from
Panama. - ¦.' ¦ ,• ¦ '., < , ¦ .. . . .,
-Stmr, Samoa, Madsen, - hours '» from " San
PedfO. '- ¦ • • . , . -_. ;';; . ...
¦ Stmr Argo, • Dunham, 24 / hours i from ' Eel
River. - . . •¦ - , : ¦• ,. .
¦ Stmr Spokane, Alexander, -42 hours - from
San DIpjo, etc/- ¦ ' - . . ¦• .' .
Schr Ida A,' Campbell, . 5 -hours from ¦¦ Point
Reyes ' ¦ ¦ ¦ * ' ¦.-.,•¦/ ¦ . - . „
•i CLEARKD. ¦ " ¦:" . '
¦'.}: • . -Thursday. April 24.
¦ Br- ship Wayfarer, Tupman,' Callao: .G'-W
MeNear. '.' •, ,'• ; - / - : '¦>• ' ¦ •¦-.. •¦'¦-¦
>Bark Fresno; Rose. Alitak; Alaska Packers'
Aitfii:litlnn. -.'¦.-.: .-¦.. -.-"• :,-,-' ;• j .-»¦»-.:..•»
Shipping • Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Captains O. F. Bolles and John R. Bul
ger; United .States Inspectors of .Local
and Foreign • Steam-. Vessels, examined
witnesses yesterday." in the matter-of the
recent' collision between the steamers
Noyo and San Pedro i on the' morning of
April-J8 thirty miles northwest : of Point
Reyes. -. :¦ • : -; ¦:' ¦ : - • ,-V ' : ;:\ ¦- • ; ¦'
Captain • H. Johnson, master of the
Noyo, '.testified that at midnight he re
tired from . the bridge and left First Offi
cer ,J2:: Anderson on watch; in his place.
The -weather at r that : time-- was clear.
About three or_ four, minutes - before 1
a.»m. the. witness heard the whistle tblow
one blast. He looked -out and saw; that
Pedro's whistle on the starboard bow. He
rushed on deck and saw the red 'light of
the San Pedro. She was heading straight
for : the Noyo at 1 right angles to her
course. -The witness rang, four -bells and
the jingle," and the vessels; struck. An
other.) steamer passed along, about that
time'and paid 'no attention: to their sig
nals of distress. v,\ ; - ¦; .
Captain E. Jahnsen of the- San Pedro
testified that when he retired at midnight
it was clear enough to see" three or four
miles.- After the first whistle, the Noyo
did not: answer the, San Pedro's, signals
At the time of the collision the San Pedro
was backing, away at full -speed. • ¦ The
Noyo towed the San Pedro .to San Fran-
CisCO.'-V- ,¦ - ' . ' •.. -¦ . : ¦- '¦' '-. ¦ '.:
,'. The inspectors took the case under ad
visement.' •;-.¦ ¦-¦:•¦:'?;-¦
Night and Each ' Captain
: Blames the Other. ; I
Vcssjela Come j Together - on 1 a Clear
SAN PEDBO; AiND NOYO
V . qOLLISION INVESTIGATED
.General ¦ Gordon : had . great trouble ;• in
getting back to his hotel. r T At; every op.^
portuni ty j crowds eager to I shake his ; hand
corraled " him. At t the.- hotel - a crowd of
sponsors , and': maids of honor, captured
him and: as many, as -could threw their
arms about him. . ' ' V^ --",
'The sponsors .. and maids of honor of
Forrest's Cavalry rode with .the veterans
on- horses.' :and. the Tennessee "maidens
walked sldeby^side with the old soldiers
whom they •: came- to ~ honor. ; ; The Louis
iana sponsors, were mounted and rode be
hind the tattered flag of 'the old. Four
teenth ;Loulsiana. ' It was estimated that
12,000 - men ; were in line, t about '3000 being
veterans;-. 1 ': ->_• r> .:¦..• ::.....-.- •''¦¦-'
.,ff"he Arkansas delegation carried a ban
ner inscribed "We are from: /-rkansas;
riow v laugh, darn you." V "
Near the head of-.the line' of parade
came- the famous North > Carolina ','Hor
nets," with hornet-nests pinned to their
breasts ot hanging, from poles,; and they,
with v Georgia. Texas. v Tennessee, Ken
tucky—in fact • every -Southern State
which i was represented . in . the parade-^
proudly; boasted flags now faded and torn
but cherished, mementoes. .1
The day. was a holiday,' the stores gen
erally being closed. Thousands, of visit
ors,; coming for the sole purpose of see*
ing the old ' soldiers,- "were added to ,thft
throng already on the streets/ Some of
the veterans too feeble to march found
places along the route and waved their
hats and screeched the famous rebel
yells. - . ¦ <¦.-. • - ,:-_¦ -¦•-.. '/¦¦'jl:
Following -Major- General -Van. Zandt. ¦
marshal of the day." and staff,, came Gen
eral Gordon, and staff. The. erect, slen
der.figure, the alert eyes and the gray,
pointed beard of the commander-inchief \
were well known: to, the. most of the
spectators.'- Location'^of^his gray horst.
according ¦ to one ' observer, 'could almost
be told by the increase of the volume of
cheers progressing- like a ..wave along
with; him... - ..; : -*. '-'<¦¦ , •
With their blood, stirring to/the same
airs by which j they had, marched and
fought two-score years ago,; the veteran
remnant of the Confederate. army repre
sented at the • Dallas ; reunion marched
through the . streets of the city to-day,
the : object of a j wildly cheering multi
tude. : • . '• ; >- ¦ ; -.,- - - - . .
'A reception' to ! General Gordon, at.Epis
copal College ".was the' special feature of
the -day. Then the commander-in-chief,
bearing his 72 years like a ; man of 40,
did his best; to receive all who'came.
DALLAS.. Tex... 'April 24.-After one of
the. greatest parades heia' af'a,Confe<l
erate reunion Dallas to-night bade good
by to -thousands of her visitors. Every,
railroad 'entering the city .sent out trains
laden with veterans. To-night at Camp
Johnston the Grand Kaliph's ball was
held. • ' ' . -: • % )
Mar chiD g Veterans of the
South \ Greeted With
Famous Yells.
GORDON LEADS
GREAT PARADE
Bark Mauna Ala. Smith, 'Ho^plulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
- SAILED.
Thursday, April 24.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, Caspar. ¦ •. -
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher. Nanaimo.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr State of . California, Thomas, San
Diego. -
" Stmr North Fork, Nelshon, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Santa. Barbara. . Zaddart, Seattle.
Stmr Mandalay, . Batchelder, Coquille River.
Stmr Newsboy, -Johannaen, Fort Brasg.
Stmr Gualala, Weber. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Rival, Olsen, Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr Redwood City. Hansen, Bihlers Point.
Stmr Navarro, • Devitt,
Aus ship Deveron. Martinolich. Liverpool.
Br bark Inverclyde. Milne, Grimsby.
Bktn Willie R Hume.. . Wilson. Whatcom.
Barge Santa" Paula. McOovern^'San Pedro, la.
tow tu;r Rescue. ,: :• -•• . . .>*=•• ¦ - •..
Schr J.G Wall. Anderson, Eureka.
Schr Gem, Nycram. Conullle River. _ -
Schr Lizzie Prien. Stansland,' Coquille River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
SPOKEN.' ';/ .h
Per Br stmr Arab— April 14, lat 46 60 N, Ion
109 W.. Br ship Dunslaw, ! from 1 . . Hongkong,
for Vancouver; all well.
; TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS.' .-April* 24. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles per hOur.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April 24— Stmr Nahua-
Sailed April 24— Bktn Ruth, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Asrll i 24 — Schr Endeavor, for San
Pedro. . •.-...
OLYMPIA— Arrived April 24— Schr Annie M
Camr>bell. from Port Blakeley. - ¦ -
SEATTLE— Sailed April 24rrFr bark Les
Adelphes, for Queenstown; Jap stmr Rlojun
Maru, for .Honrkonj. ,;. . . ¦
.Arrived April 24— Stmr Rainier, from New
Whatcom. ¦
Sailed April 24— Stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco: stmr John S Kimball. for San-Francisco.
_ NEAH BAT— Passed out April 24— Stmr
Robert Dollar, for Redondo: schr Wm Olsen,
for San Francisco. ....'¦•..-• ¦ . ¦
Passed in April 24— Br stmr Wyeneld, hence
April 20,' for Nanalmo: schr Alice Cooke. from
Honolulu, for Port Gamble . , ¦ "
SAN PEDRO — Arrived April 24— Stmr.
lanua, from Astoria.
, Sailed April 24— Stmr Luella, for San Fran
cisco: schr E K Wood, for Fairhaven.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 24— Stmr Alliance,
from Cocs Bay.
. Sailed Aaril 24— Br shla Agnes Oswald, for
Cape Town. ¦ ' . . -
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aoril 23 — Stmr
T^ewburgr. April 24— Stmrs Coronado and G C
Llndauer. for San Francisco; ; schr Wawona,
for Redondo. ¦ ,
COOS BAT— Sailed April 24^-Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco. • - -
Sailed April 24— Schr Emma Utter, for San
Pedro.
UMPQUA — Sailed April 20— Schr San Buena
ventura, hence April 10. April 21 — Schr Mag
gie C Runs, hence April 11.
VENTURA- Arrived April 24— Stmr Ruth,
from San Pedro.
EASTERN PORT.
CAPE HENRY— Passed April 2.T— Shin Paul
Revere, from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
'.'* • ISLAND PORT.
. KAHULUI— Sailed April 10— Stmr Oregon-
Ian, for New York. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
• NEWCASTLE, England— -Sailed" April 10
Ger snip Adolf, for San Francisco, ' April 20
Br shlD Manydown, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE— Arrived April 23— Schr W F
Garmes. from Melbourne. ¦ ¦
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to April 24— Br
atmr Moyune, from Liverpool, for Seattle. .
SHANGHAI— Sailed April 22— Br stmr Chlng
Wo. for London. - .
DEAL — Passed April 22— Br ship Matter
horn, from- Seattle, for United Kingdom.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 24— Br ship
Pass of Mel fort, from Tacoma. April 23 — Br
ship Cleomene, from Oregon: Fr .bark General
Melinet, from Oregon; Br bark Lady Went
worth. hence Jan 10.
BRISTOL— In roads April 22— Br ship Thal
atta, hence Nov 26.
¦ COLON— Arrived April 22— Stmr Advance,
from New York.
FLUSHING— Arrived April . 22— Russ bark
Fahwohl. from Tacoma. • •.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior "to April 23 —
Nor stmr Thyra. from Oregon."
Sailed April 23— Br stmr Empress of India,
for Vancouver. . ¦¦ . ¦.
PORT SAID— Arrived April • 2.%- Br stmr
Spithead. • from New York, for Manila..
RUNCORN— Arrived April 23-^Br ship Mil
tlades. Jience Dec 23. ¦ ¦
VALPARAISO— Sailed "April ; 23— Ger stmr
Pentaur. for San Francisco. •.•:.-•' - •
FALMOUTH — Arrived April 24 — Br shtD
Travancore, from Oregon; Ger . ship Willy
Rickmers, hence Jan 4.
HIOGO— Sailed April 23— Br ship Garnet
Hill, for . x. ¦¦.-. r ¦ ¦¦.-."•
\'ICTORIA— Sailed April 24— Jap stmr Rio
jun Maru. for Yokohama; stmr Queen, for San
Fran«*lscY>. - ¦ \ ¦ ¦• :, ¦ •. .
• Arrived April 24 — Stmr Umatilla, ''; hence
April 21. " .»r,i> ¦.•¦,....¦
OCEAN STEAMERS..
NEW YORK?-Arrived Asril 24— Stmr Pre
toria, from Hamburg. V ¦ , •
Sailed April ,24— Stmr La .' Touraine. for
Havre: stmr Cassel. for Bremen,! • ¦ . ¦ ¦
BOSTON— Arrived April 24-^Stmr Ivernla.
from Liverpool.- : - •¦ .' - -¦•
SAIGON— Arrived April 24— Stmr Klntuck.
from -Seattle, for Liverpool. ' •.-: .
GLASGOW — Arrived April 24— Stmr Sardin
ian, from Boston. -
. Sailed April 24 — Stmr Corean,"; for Philadel
phia.
• QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 24— Stmr
Germanic, from New York, for Liverpool.
Sailed April 24— Stmr Noordland, for Phila
delphia; stmr Majestic, for New- York; . both
from Liverpool.- • . - ¦-..-¦•:•
FA YAL— Arrived April 24— Stmr Sardinia,
from Genoa and Naples, for New -York.
GENOA — Arrived ' April 24-^Stmr -• -Trave,
frnm New York, for Gibraltar and Naples. •
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April ;24— Stmr New
England, g for Boston, via Queenstown r stmr
Tunisian. ' for Quebec and Montreal.
. Arrived • April 24 — Stmr Corinthian, from St
John. N B. and. Halifax, via Moville: stmr
Rhynland." from Philadelphia, via Queenstown.
ANTWERP— Sailed April 24— Stmr Neder
land. for Philadelphia. : -' .
GIBRALTAR— Passed April 24 — Stmr Ping
Suey. from Tacoma, via Yokohama, Shanghai,
Honskonr, etc. ... ¦ ,'¦¦-;¦ ¦ ¦• . • ¦¦
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 24— Stmr Duke
of Fife, from ; Tacoma, for, Hlogo, etc, and
Hongkong. - it ¦ ¦¦.¦"¦¦ : .:
LIZARD— Passed April 24— Stmr Vaderland,
from New York, for Antwerp.-. ' "
ROTTERDAM— Sailed .April -24— Stmr Rot
terdam/ for New York, via Bdulogne-Sur-Mer.
Arrived April . 24 — Stmr Amsterdam, from
New York, via Boulosne-Sur-Mer. . . . ' •
late, for San Jose de Guatemala. -
POKT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 24—
StmrlRuth, from Ventura, .- .' •
Sailed Aoril 24 — Stmr Ruth, for- San Fran
claco; bktn Katie FUcklnger. for. Port Town
send. - .-•• ¦ . ¦¦ -r ¦- ¦
TACOMA— Arrived April 24— Br ehlp Fin
gal, from Table Bay; Dutch bark Pax, from
THE -SAN- FITAKCISCO vCAliL- FEID^Y^ APRIL <-25,v>iyuB.
10
w iaiijuci xiuie uuufi uiuia
» Ft. I Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft.
• H W| L-W |H W |L W|
25 0:30 5.1 7:13 0.3 2:25 4.3 6:. r .5 2.9
26 0:58 4.8 7:5.1 0.4 3:171 4.2 7:36 3.0
27 1:20 4.0 8:36 0.5 4:031 4.2 8:30 --3 0
US 2:00 4.4 9:20 0.7 4:57 4.2 9:.i7 . 3.1
29 2:4S 4.2 10:10 0.9 5:45 4.3 10:52| 3.2
30 3:521 4.011:02 1.1 rt:- - 50 .4.5 .1.;...
IL YVI |H V,'\ ¦Ili'Wf- H WJ . .-..-,•¦
1 | 0:00| 3.1| 5:18| 3.9|11:57| 1.3 7:10] 4.3
2 0:57 2.6 6:37 3.9 12:55 ,• 1.5 >7:4S 5.0
s
• Steamer. - From. , | Due.
Ran Juan Panama & Way Ports. .) Apr.' 25
Brunswick... San Pedro . .'|Apr. 25
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
O. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. W
Sequoia Grays Harbor Apr. 2S %
Pomona Humboldt I Apr. 25
Newburg Grays . Harbor |Apr. 26
Ai!?falla Tahiti lApr. 2«
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma lApr. 26
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford..|Apr. 26
Enterprise... Hilo lApr. 27
Eureka Humboldt Apr W!
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Apr. 27
G. Lindauer... Orays Harbor Apr °7
Progreso Seattle Apr "7
State of Cat. < San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr! 2S
Arab Hongkong via Hakodate Apr. 1!S
Emp.re. jCoos Bay Apr 2S
Crescent City Crescent City Apr! 28
Santa Cruz.. Newport &. Way Ports. I Apr 2f>
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom|Apn 2f»
North Fork. . Humboldt .- . . .'. Apr ' 30
San Jose Panama & Way Ports!: Apr' ho
Columbia.... Portland .t Astoria .... Apr. SO
Chehalis San Pedro Anr — n
Victoria Comox u£r' "0
Point Arena.. Point Arena iMav °1
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &Way Ports May 1
Nippon Maru. China fk Japan ..... May 2*
Umatilla. ... Pupet Sound Ports. . . . ! ! May '"
Nekc...; Seattle . Ma * ,T
Steamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination.
JSalls.
I Pier.
April 25. f I '
Brunswick. Humboldt ......... ?. pm «,„ „„
rnoenix... M<>ndoc | no city.... 3 pm Pier 13
Vrctlc • April 2«. ; . P ™ r ™
Acme S un } boldt T , 1 ••• ™ am Pier . 3
tZv™*'"" Sluslaw River 12 m Pier «
Pt Arena" Astoria & Portland. 10 am Pier 2
City Puebln o 0lnt Arena 2 pm Pier 5
SantaAna ? u * et Pound P^ts 11 am Pier »
banta Ana. Seattle' & Tacotna.. 5 pm Pier 2
P f °}° n * • " • HumbokH .... '. V. . ; . 1 :30 p Pier 9
Santa Rosa 8an _ ? , iTWay. . 9 9 m pier li
. April 2S. ¦. ...
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Q. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Ban Juan.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m FMSS
. . - April 20. .'....
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 '¦>: m Pier" 13
I"';, 1 ;*- • • • Humboldt ......... n am Pier in
R^f.mV'" ° OOS Bar ••••••••• 10 am Pier 13
5 *-k., '" Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Newbur5. fc Grayn Harbor . 6 pm Pl»r a
¦ May- 1. - ..-;,.. . ,¦ : |- ¦"-. ;
Cbehalis... Grays Harbor^ ..... 4 pm|Pler —
BtateCal.. 8an Dlepo & Way..l n amIPfer 11
J. Kimbali. Seattle & Tacoma. .|10 am|Pler 2
Soncma Sydney& Way P.ts 10 am I Pier 7
Doric...... China & r Japan.... 1 pni PMSS
Argyll N. T.t via Panama. 2, pm Pier 10
Queen..... .Puget: Sound Ports 11 \ am Pier 9
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts ' 9 am Pier 16
. May a. - ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦,,:,¦¦¦¦..
Bonita.. ... Newport- & Way Pts '9 am Pier 11'
Pomona... Humboldt '. ..l:30piPler u
•¦¦Moy'S.- :•.-•- I .'.
Ncrth Fork Humboldt 12 mlPier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Westport. . Bear Harbor ..... .1 5 pm|Pler 2
Rainier.... Seattle & Fairhaven 4 pmlPier 2
Bessie K.. Golofnln Bay-Telleri. .'..; .Pier —
.- =¦ May 4. .-: | | r.--,-
Australia.. Tahiti direct .. . .. .|10 am|Pier ' 7
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet &Way Pts.lApr. 2B
Portland.'.... Nome direct .......... .j Apr. 20
Dl rlgo ....... Skag way : & Way • Ports. Apr. 1*7
City Seattle.. Skagway & .Way , Ports. Apr: 20
Jennie. ...... Nome -direct (about)...-. Apr' ''»
Dolphin...... Skagway & "Way Ports. Apr. 20
Cottage City. S'kagrway & Way Port", i A or. SO
Cl'y Topcka.. Skagway & Way PortB.|May 5
Farallon..... [Skagway & Way Ports. I Ma r 5
Chleo ....jSunrlse &-"Hopfi" City. (May 5
E«:rtha ...Cooks Inlet; & Way Pts|May 10
w iaiijuci xiuie uuufi uiuia
» Ft. I Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft.
• H W| L-W |H W |L W|
25 0:30 5.1 7:13 0.3 2:25 4.3 6:. r .5 2.9
26 0:58 4.8 7:5.1 0.4 3:171 4.2 7:36 3.0
27 1:20 4.0 8:36 0.5 4:031 4.2 8:30 --3 0
US 2:00 4.4 9:20 0.7 4:57 4.2 9:.i7 . 3.1
29 2:4S 4.2 10:10 0.9 5:45 4.3 10:52| 3.2
30 3:521 4.011:02 1.1 rt:- - 50 .4.5 .1.;...
IL YVI |H V,'\ ¦Ili'Wf- H WJ . .-..-,•¦
1 | 0:00| 3.1| 5:18| 3.9|11:57| 1.3 7:10] 4.3
2 0:57 2.6 6:37 3.9 12:55 ,• 1.5 >7:4S 5.0
s
• Steamer. - From. , | Due.
Ran Juan Panama & Way Ports. .) Apr.' 25
Brunswick... San Pedro . .'|Apr. 25
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
O. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. W
Sequoia Grays Harbor Apr. 2S %
Pomona Humboldt I Apr. 25
Newburg Grays . Harbor |Apr. 26
Ai!?falla Tahiti lApr. 2«
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma lApr. 26
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford..|Apr. 26
Enterprise... Hilo lApr. 27
Eureka Humboldt Apr W!
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Apr. 27
G. Lindauer... Orays Harbor Apr °7
Progreso Seattle Apr "7
State of Cat. < San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr! 2S
Arab Hongkong via Hakodate Apr. 1!S
Emp.re. jCoos Bay Apr 2S
Crescent City Crescent City Apr! 28
Santa Cruz.. Newport &. Way Ports. I Apr 2f>
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom|Apn 2f»
North Fork. . Humboldt .- . . .'. Apr ' 30
San Jose Panama & Way Ports!: Apr' ho
Columbia.... Portland .t Astoria .... Apr. SO
Chehalis San Pedro Anr — n
Victoria Comox u£r' "0
Point Arena.. Point Arena iMav °1
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &Way Ports May 1
Nippon Maru. China fk Japan ..... May 2*
Umatilla. ... Pupet Sound Ports. . . . ! ! May '"
Nekc...; Seattle . Ma * ,T
Steamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination.
JSalls.
I Pier.
April 25. f I '
Brunswick. Humboldt ......... ?. pm «,„ „„
rnoenix... M<>ndoc | no city.... 3 pm Pier 13
Vrctlc • April 2«. ; . P ™ r ™
Acme S un } boldt T , 1 ••• ™ am Pier . 3
tZv™*'"" Sluslaw River 12 m Pier «
Pt Arena" Astoria & Portland. 10 am Pier 2
City Puebln o 0lnt Arena 2 pm Pier 5
SantaAna ? u * et Pound P^ts 11 am Pier »
banta Ana. Seattle' & Tacotna.. 5 pm Pier 2
P f °}° n * • " • HumbokH .... '. V. . ; . 1 :30 p Pier 9
Santa Rosa 8an _ ? , iTWay. . 9 9 m pier li
. April 2S. ¦. ...
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Q. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Ban Juan.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m FMSS
. . - April 20. .'....
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 '¦>: m Pier" 13
I"';, 1 ;*- • • • Humboldt ......... n am Pier in
R^f.mV'" ° OOS Bar ••••••••• 10 am Pier 13
5 *-k., '" Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Newbur5. fc Grayn Harbor . 6 pm Pl»r a
¦ May- 1. - ..-;,.. . ,¦ : |- ¦"-. ;
Cbehalis... Grays Harbor^ ..... 4 pm|Pler —
BtateCal.. 8an Dlepo & Way..l n amIPfer 11
J. Kimbali. Seattle & Tacoma. .|10 am|Pler 2
Soncma Sydney& Way P.ts 10 am I Pier 7
Doric...... China & r Japan.... 1 pni PMSS
Argyll N. T.t via Panama. 2, pm Pier 10
Queen..... .Puget: Sound Ports 11 \ am Pier 9
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts ' 9 am Pier 16
. May a. - ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦,,:,¦¦¦¦..
Bonita.. ... Newport- & Way Pts '9 am Pier 11'
Pomona... Humboldt '. ..l:30piPler u
•¦¦Moy'S.- :•.-•- I .'.
Ncrth Fork Humboldt 12 mlPier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Westport. . Bear Harbor ..... .1 5 pm|Pler 2
Rainier.... Seattle & Fairhaven 4 pmlPier 2
Bessie K.. Golofnln Bay-Telleri. .'..; .Pier —
.- =¦ May 4. .-: | | r.--,-
Australia.. Tahiti direct .. . .. .|10 am|Pier ' 7
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet &Way Pts.lApr. 2B
Portland.'.... Nome direct .......... .j Apr. 20
Dl rlgo ....... Skag way : & Way • Ports. Apr. 1*7
City Seattle.. Skagway & .Way , Ports. Apr: 20
Jennie. ...... Nome -direct (about)...-. Apr' ''»
Dolphin...... Skagway & "Way Ports. Apr. 20
Cottage City. S'kagrway & Way Port", i A or. SO
Cl'y Topcka.. Skagway & Way PortB.|May 5
Farallon..... [Skagway & Way Ports. I Ma r 5
Chleo ....jSunrlse &-"Hopfi" City. (May 5
E«:rtha ...Cooks Inlet; & Way Pts|May 10
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
THE GREAT DELIVERER FROM
DISEASE AND SUFFERING.
Paine's Celery Compound
Full of Life-Griving Power
and Virtue Is the Pre-
scription of a Great
Physician.
It Has No Equal as a
Spring Medicine.
It should be "well understood by the ail-
ing, physically broken down and diseased
that ihe ordinary advertised nervines,
I sarsaparillas, tonics and pills have never
J accomplished . the glorious life-saving
! -work in springtime that has marked the
I history of that health-giver, Palne'a Cel-
ery Compound, which has cured such des-
perate cases of kidney disease, liver com-
plaint, rheumatism, neuralgia, dyspepsia
and blood diseases.
Paine's Celery Compound Is the discov-
ery of one of the ablest physicians that
ever lived, and one of the strongest
proofs of Its worth and value Is the fact
I that able practitioners prescribe and rec-
| ommend it dally.
t If Is this Paine's Celery Compound, dear
I sufferer. t.h« cT«at n«rve f«e<1«r. the mar-
j velous system cleanser and digestive reg-
ulator, that we now strongly urge you to
make use of at this season If you lack
the strength of true manhood or woman-
hood. The young and old. the rich and
poor extol Its wondrous effects. Try Its
• curative virtues without delay If you
would be free from your ailments and en-
; joy life. A bottle or two used Just now
; will cause you to bless heaven that such
i a life-giver was placed before suffering
: humanity.
FIvQ Pntinti ff°ods *"*ith Diamond Dye cotton
UJ6 CUltUll colors. Will not crock or smut.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat A
{MUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
i gfe 1351«A3Ssrs.tit.fcii».S.r.C»L I
\ Cy Tke Larqevt Anatomical Museum in the \
m in iijlj. ' _ World. Weakness* or anjr contricted A
L. tES *«e»« |M*i<i«*lyear«dhT the oldest T
ft I «JS s P e a*list on tie Coast. Est 36 years. ©
4 UzH&fL DR * JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I $}§& Consult»tion tree and stiictlf private. \
0 I jS^K Trwtment personally or by litter. A m
f I ' t"| Pvitn* Cur* in e»ery c««e uadertakea. \
at Hi Writ * (or iogk - paiLeiupiY «r A
f« • p aARRMGC, MAILED FREE. (Af
1 Q l£. valuable book for mrn) \
V »B. JOBDAX A CO.. 1051 Marks t St.. 53. F. f
-^ -^i
• OCEA2T TRAVEL.
Pacific .Coast Steamship Co.
&^. Steamers leavs Broafi"Ti7
gg^^ Wharf. San Francisco:
E«S5»fc For Ketchllcan. Juneati.
ES9P^>S*kP«. Skagway. etc.. Alaska. — 11 a.
gg*«liSla -n.. April 16. 21. 26. May 1.
IblVSQQ YYI Change to company's iteam-
EieK-^fdai ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
com*. Everett. New "What-
H k « y ?-.t N V. R n?ouvVr
Foi ESmki tHumboldt Bay)— 1:30 -9. m.,
Redondo); 8*iT Diego »nd Santa Barbara-Spo-
kane. Sunday*. » »• »•
Bute of California, Tharsdays. 9 a. in.
For ]>¦ Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mob-
Sw. aan Simeon, Cayucoa. San Lul. Oblspo
(tI» Port Harford). Ventura. Huenemo and
•Newport ««Santa Crua only).
Coo» Bay. 0 a. m.. April 12. 20, 28. May «.
Banta Cruz. » a. m. (freight only). April 19.
24 For Entenada. Magdalen* Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. SanU Rosa-
lia Guaymas (Mex.>— tO a. tn.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to changs steamers or sail-
TICXJ5T OTTPTCE — • New Montgomery
street ( Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. G«n. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
¦ % '¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
NOME |i :
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR .JTTN7J 1
VALENCIA JUNE t
And fortnightly thereafter during th* season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN.
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with abo\e steamers. Th*
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
1 lends. . made - regular trips to Nom* last year,
landing all patsragers and freight without lost,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Kom*
folder. . apply Ticket Office. A New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
¦• . 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
O.R.& JV.CO.
. ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Ran or Steamship and Rail, at
IiOWEST XtAr-pXIS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. ..April 13. 23. May 3. 13
SS. OEO. W. ELDER Sails
April 8. 13. 2S. May a
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. It a. m.
T>. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And da Sud Americana de Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA. .May 10[COLOMBIA June 21
PA LENA" May 3l|TUCAPEL.....Jaly —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oeeanics.s.co.SM
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 1. 10 a. m.
ES." AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. May 4. 10 a, m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, May 10,. 2 p. m.
I. P. SPBJJCOLS & BEOS. CO., GeiEral Auts., 329 MafiSt
Een'l Pass. Office, 643 Matat si, Pto so. 7. Paciflc st
PANAMA R-R/^f
TO NEW YORK. VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103; Steerage. 140; Meals Fre*.
S. S. Argyll Sails Thursday. May 1
S. ! S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday." May 10
From Howard-street Wharf Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F.. F. COXXQR. Pacific Coast Agsnt..
BAY^AND BIVEB STEAMEHa
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AMD .VALLEJD.
¦, Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MOOTICELLO
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEN DO NOT DESPAIR.
Xot a fad or a. visionary theory, -hut a suc-
cessful, . scientific treatment for the most ob-
stinate -and rebellious stomach troubles. liver
complaints, constipation or piles. Thousands
of desperate cases have yielded . to the cele-
brated PROCTOR TREATMENT. It Is a rev-
elation 'in the scientific medical treatment of
stomach, abdominal • or liver, diseases. This
treatment will give immediate relief and re-
store you to perfect .health. A permanent core
effected in- all cases. Ponder, over this, as it
is your case we can positively cure.
Jefferson Sanitarian, 779 G»»ry St. San handle*
Thorough X-ray examination -mad« In all
cases where cancer, 1 appendicitis or gall, stones
aro - suspected. Country ' correspondence - so-
Uclted. , • .
' iflwrtit,-- VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PlLLfl
JM*(U Jw have been in use over fifty
fiSSx^nHa years by the loaders of ths
inifitf-prcx&l MoTmon Church and thetr
MHJgpm^a followers. Positively cure tha
¦SfSrisRfflSs ' lv ' or9t cases In old and young
nK'«A\HMf arising from effects of gelf-
jSSSuuSS Rbuse - dissipation, excesses or
, QnsBI cigarette-smoking. Cure Ixigt
yjmKBm Manhood. Impotency, ' Lost
"^ ¦ "^ Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Fains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Marl
ry Loss of Semen. — — . Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *3 ll vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are £Z.£Z M Immediate. i m .
part vigor, and pote ; »»«« f • ncy to every fxmc-
tlon. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand
Restore small, undeveloped, organs. . Stimulate
the brain and, nerve centers; 60c a box- 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars trrm
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO 40 Ellis st
Ing f0 r T n hl'rd O - S t. CaK ORAMT: »>»ra CO.. 3S
OCEAN; TBAVEL.
STEAMERS', WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Bran nan streets, atl nTrnT
for -YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calltar at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghaland co5-
necting^ at Hongkong with Bteamen for India,
etc. Ko cargo received on board on day of
SS. "NIPPON MARU.. "...Friday. May 9th lnr»
SS. AMERICA MARU -. X - * 1902
• Roundl^'^e-tV^'^uc^^'^r
- ; - W. H. AVERT.. General Agent.
COMPAONIB 6EHXBALX ' .TKAHSATLANTIQU!
DIRECT, LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS^^lT'
Sailing every Thursday, instead of «^£&
Saturday, at 10 a.- m.. from pier 42
North Blver. foot of Morton - street.
• First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
A S EN ?7 J OR , UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson butldlmr) Naw
York. V J..F FUGAZI & CO.. , Paciflc ' C^7t
Agents. 5 Montgomery- avenue. San Francisco
Tickets ¦• told by all - Railroad Ticket Agentol
. -. ;{•>;¦ AMKUICAN. LINE. -
NEW. YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON
St.Louis:Apr.-3O.10amSt. PauI.May 14 io am
Phlladel.May 7. 10 am-St.Louls.May 2T 10 Jm
red: star link. '
'.; new tork, ; antwerp, paris. .
Zeeland.'.Apr. 30, noon I South wrk. May 14 noon
Friesland. .May 7, noon I Vaderland.MaySl ' noon
- • - INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO -
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.a.A.P.C.30 Montgom'y »t
¦••6:15 a. tn., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day S URda y t 9:43 , m S:30 • m . ep L <£ve3
Vallejo T a, m.. 12:30 noon. « p. m . except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p m F»ra W
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
•HJef. Pier 2. 'Mission-street dock. HATCH
I A j0±. \» s ? \^fc *. ' * ¦ ¦ ' * ' ' * -• *
( Quite likely the rain of day before yesterday was -the last of the
spring showers— summer is now upon us. With the donning of
4 your straw hat why not put on a light duck -vest? Anticipating -
your needs, we place on sale this morning a special lot of white
duck vests in plain, striped and figured effects— the figures in black
and white, the stnpes in black and navy blue. The vests arc made
by the well-known New \ ork firm of. Alfred Benjamin & Co., whose -
reputation for fins goods is undisputed. The vests ; go on special
sale at • .' -
A very, swell line of neckwear came in yesterday it eoes nn «alp .
: Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
\ 7F8 Market Street.¦/. All descriptions under this head remain un
changed. ; All ; the; '.important , ; Hay districts
have ; been visited : by ; the : current ' showers, and
the market Is soft in consequence.' v
KRAN— $17 00@18 per ton. .
; .MIDDLINGS— ?20 50@21 50 per ton.
• FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. >21@21 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, (25^26; Jobbing,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices . In • sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Gr.-ihairv
Flour,- $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. S3: Rye Mear
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy *4ira
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75: Cracked
Wheat, 13 00; Farina. $4 50; .Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 26; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 8500- in
sacks, $6 85@8 60 ; ¦ Pearl Barley, $5 50- SnUt
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $(J 50 per 100 lbs.
: FLOUR— California Family Extra's, $3 50®
3 75, usual. terms; Bakers', Extras, $3 40@3'fi0;
Oregon, ?2 76@3 25 per barrel for family and
1 3@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers' S3
03 B0.- , ... ¦-..., • v "
Flour and Millstuffs.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, AprTlT-The important in
fluence of the craln crop prospects upon the
etock market was again demonstrated to-day
After a strong opening prices wavered and
commenced to eo back when the weather man
was published showing almost no rain east of
the Rocky Mountains, but when the wheat
markets opened and revealed an active liquida
tion at declining prices stocks promptly began
to pick up again. The persistent sagging of
the price of wheat was accompanied by grow
ing and broadening strength in stocks, with
the notable demand centered on the 'grain
carrying railroads. Report* from the *ra1n
market attributed the weakness there entirely
to realizing of profits on over-extended Ion*
accounts as no news was forthcoming to In
dicate a better condition In the crop. Naturally
the covering demand from the gnort Interest
.in gtocka which has accumulated on the week's
• decline also played a considerable part In the
vneculative movement. But the day's events
r»re a etrlKing evidence of the intimate asnocU
f tlon at present between the erain jnarkeu and
the securities market. The quick response be
j tween the two is emphasised by the general
[ conviction that the present strong leadership
I m tae etock market is hejd by personi of long
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
firm: No. 3 spring wheat, 7G%c; No 2 red'
83©85c; No ,2 yellow corn, «3%ic: No 2 oat«'
44@44%c: No. 2 white. ¦ 45%$46%c- ': No 3
white. 45U@4C%c; No. 2 rye* 1 59®00%c- good
J e .% dl . n £ b K arIe ?- «*%c; fair to choice malting.
COStJOc; No. 1 flax seed; $1 68; No.-l North
western, ?1 69; prime timothy . seed, f 6 80®
6 85; lard, per 100 lbs, $ 9 87&Q>9 90; ehort ribs
rne isoara 01 ±"udiic vvorKs met yester
day and recommended the establishment
of grades on a large number of streets
in the Sunset district. .
The Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway Company was granted permis
sion to grade to the official line blocks on
Indiana, Minnesota, Nineteenth, Twen
tieth and Tennessee streets. --*./rd
Property-owners complained that the
sewer work on Virginia avenue, between
Eugenia and Chapultepec streets, had
been improperly done, but the board found
that the sewer was properly constructed
to the official grade and the work was ac
cepted.
Wants California Goods Purchased.
The Manufacturers' and Prodr rs' As
sociation has directed the attent' n of the
Board of Supervisors to section SJ47 of the
Political Code, requiring perference to be
given to California products in the pur
chasing of supplies by State, county, city
and town boards, commissions and of
ficers, price, quality and fitness permit
ting. The asociation asks the board's co
operation toward seeing that the law Is
complied with, including the giving qf dua
notice in advertisements that such prefer
ence will be given. .
Third Street Obstructions.
Theodore and Warren Payne filed a pro
test yesterday with the Board of Super
visors . against granting the petition of
the Harbor Commission to rescind that
portion of the resolution ordering the re
moval of obstructions at the foot of Third
street.- so far as it applies to Bender Bros.
The protestants represent that while the
firm named is Tenting property under the
jurisdiction of the Harbor Commission,
its buildings also encroach on the public
street and should be removed so as to af
ford access to private property.
» ? ¦
WASHINGTON. April 24.— The President
had among his guests for luncheon to-day c
8. Mellen, ¦ president . of - the - Northern - PacUto
1 11 1 1 1 1 11 iM'n »iiJy/MiM<lwyt miAiHM
Orders Fixing of Grades. *
There was an active scramble to buy hoir
products at the opening of a lieht
run and better hog prices at the yards Pack
crs were the best buyers and forced prices ur>
Later the same Interests unloaded for eooli
profits and some of th« early gains were lost
July pork closed 2%c up at $17 G2H, after sell
ing at $17 17%, July lard closed 7 We up and
July ribs 2%@5c up at «9 40®9 42% P d
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO, April 24— There was plenty of
bull news In wheat — cables were strong re
ceipts Bmall, clearances large and cooler
weather paragraphs came in abundance. Profit
selling started early, which eased the market
somewhat, but when the rain reports from
Kansas arrived selling was general. The out
side markets liquidated freely, especially St
Louis. Before there was any cessation of 11
quldation prices had slipped down almost 2c"
Late In the day. there was fair covering and
prices recovered a little. May wlieat opened
unchanged to \'-,c lower at 70%c ta 76%c and
aV^i@75%cl iC# Cl0Si " S WCak 1^@ 1 % cd °wn
Sentiment in corn was changed somewhat on
general news. Offerings were larger, the South
west sold and was weak and reports had it
that the new crop was starting well. An In
creaeed acreage also was reported in the
Northwest. Leading interests did some buyin
as prices declined, but the pit closed very
weak and almost at the bottom. July was the
weakest option. May closed weak, l# c lower
Oats suffered with the other grains. Trade
was on a liberal scale. May closed weak l"5ic'
off P.t 4'JVic. 1. ,
fidential secretary. When the case was
called yesterday Mrs. Evelyn Brock, on
behalf of her husband, asked that it be
withdrawn, as he did not. want to prose
cute the case. Attorney Eisner for the
defendant said that it was simply a mat
ter of adjustment of accounts and there
was a difference as to what was the
amount due.
The case of Carl Schiffler, charged with
felony, embezzlement, was dismissed by
Judge Cabanlss yesterday. Schiffler was
accused by I»eon Brock, an Importer from
Shanghai, China, with having embezzled
$500 of his money while acting as his con-
Schiffler Not Prosecuted
•CURED : MEATS— Bacon, . 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14^c for light
15c for . extra light and 16c for sugar-cured'
Eastern sugar-cured , Hams, 1 14@14%c: Califor
nia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $O@0 CO per
bbl; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $H(ailb0'
prime Mess Pork, $15 DO@1C; extra clear $23-
Mess, $1S»5O@19; Dry Salt Pork; $11 50@12 B0 :
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef'
13>,i@14c per lb. -
, LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels
pure, 12VicrlO-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins,l2%c;
COTTOLENEi— One half-barrel, 10%c three
half-barrels, 10 Vic;, one tierce, lOUc; two
tierces, 10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
/Hides, TaUozv; Wool and Hops.
• HIDES AND* SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about- l^c: under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 1 lOttc;: medium, 0@9tfc;. light, 8®8%c;
Cow Hides. Oc for heavy and 8@8%c for light-
Stags, 6@8%c; Salted Kip. 8@8%c; Salted Veal"
9@9%c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls'
14c;Dry Kip, 13c; ' Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and
Brands, -16c :' Sheepskins, ; shearlings, 20@30o
each; short Wool. -35ia00c each, medium. «56(fi)
-75o; long Wool, 90c@?l 10 each; Horse Hides
salt, f2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium, $1 for. small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides,' dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 60 for me
dium, ¦ $1 for small and 50o for Colts. Buck
Sklns-^-Dry Mexican/32%c; dry salted Mexican
25c; dry Central American, 32Vjc. Goat Skins— 1
Prime; Angoras,:. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 3Bc. ¦ . •; -.-.-' .. "
¦-TALLOW — No.* 1 rendered, 5Ufi6c per lb*
No.-2, 4%@5c; grease, - .o- •¦¦-.'
: , WOOL— Spring— Northern free, 14@16c; do
defective, 13@14c; Middle county tree, 13@lSc;
\ Cottolene is marked up Y^c. . Otherwise there
is nothing new, either here or at Chicago, both
markets being quiet.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, II We; No.
2. 6V4@7V£c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c;
Almonds, 10V4®12c for papershell, 9@10c' for
eoftshell and KltTIc for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@,7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;- Filberts
12@12%c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, 53 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 0@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5®
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4Wc; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27 Vi®20c per lb. ¦
PRUNES — 1001 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, CJ/l@«%c; 40-50's, 5@5Hc; 60-60's 4%
@4%c: C0-70's, 4@4Vie: 70-80 1 s, 3%(^3?4c; 80
00'8, 3@3^4c; 00-100'K 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, CM'
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, e^ic for 4-crown and
CH^ f or seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 3%c;
Seedless "Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached an/ tip
8%o for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3- De
hesa, $2 150; Fancy, ?1 80; London Layers,
$1 23@1 35. .
FRUITS— Apricots, 0@10c for Royals and
10@13c for- standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, S@9c: sun dried, 5c;
Peaches, OV4@Si4c; Pears. U@9c; Plums, pitted,
5@6c; ¦npltted, 144@2<$c; Nectarines, 5^@6c
for red and 5%@<5c for white; figs, liV><§4Kc for
black and 5%@6c for white.
Some firmness. In Prunes in New York Is
noted, as will* be seen In the first column.
Otherwise there is nothing new. ' .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Chicago Grain Market.
Dried Fruits m New York.
Mail advicos from New York say:
"A quiet interest is noted for moft lines.
fcuyer& showing no disposition to purchase be
yond their requirements from time to time.
li\ prun«-s there is a better movement noted
than in any other article, the buying, however.
Voing in jobbing lots. For new Santa. Clara
40-501, in 25-ib boxes holders' Ideas are eteady
at 6^,(g<>7ic and 50-COs range from 816O6M&
A better interest is noted in old fruit for cut
of town account, and a fair business in small
lots is^ heard of around inside figures. Sales
cf 50-COs in 25-lb boxes are heard of at o~a.c
end O0-70s at Bile.' The views of holders on
tne rpot, however, are somewhat irregular, and
vary p.s to quality of fruit. In Oregon prunes
a. moderate Interest Is shown and the feeling
3 * steady. In currants !=rot is cuiet. Hold-'
•rs ideas range from 4Tv5?.%c on fine Amallas
J( Cleaned in barrels. We hear of a little bufl
j:-£* on The insHe basis. UM«= cf 4*ic are in
l.and. hut so far as can he learned no Fal?3
are reported. The market in Greece is quoted
«afy in a late cable- at 12s 9d for Amalias «n
ijarrel*. Ruirfns are quiet. California seeded
' n ''"cartons are available at S'Jc for choice
. nd M, c for fancy. A light jobbing Interest
3 ?o> alis. _In Aalenc'.a layers the feellru? i«
J L". e V i Lt \*- e - California 3-croTn ioose is un
« handed In ? .pricots a little jobbing trade Is
i^r-oncd for choice Royals at Quotations.
1 nnea are KtemOy and show sorm, firmness.
IS dates the market is quiet. Fips are steady
|_ut not moving freely. Stocks are light'
Thrr-T^hout the list in nuts a moderate trade
i> _ reported walnuts offer at t2U013e..
A\e hear of business for Interior account on th
•lo£ * <™ \2 rted at ~ ic - SioI! S- nlbrrts
cV. T, 2 10 5m r' ortan t change at the moment.
££££ nUtS ar S Ia fair jobbing request and
holders aie steady at quotations."
Weather Report.
aroth Mt-ridian— Pacific Time )
SAX FRANCISCO. April 24-5 p. m.
The foiiowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
cate as compared with thoee of sani/> date Ja=t
feaFvn. e.na raigfall Tn lgt_'t\venty,-fwr 'limirs^
r-freVi 0 " 8 " 2* hours. sJ^or, . Se^asoV
Rebuff-:;;:-::;; T^v %% &S
pn^^eo-::::: S &2 ; ™
m >^ndenoe :::::: ;w 4~f x 2-s
fan Luis= Obispo 00 2i!5i — 7S7
Los Arises 04 10.5(5 UA»\
g ° n Difc g° 00 C.U 10. ««
*£&£££?£
T^ Th . e * a " mna * maximum and minimum tem
tiori"'"* 8 WCre rcported froai EasTern IS-
J;°"f n •¦: 72-48; KaiJa«'city~'. . . . C0-4fi
<'."fn na V 64-46 Duluth 44-20
PhiUde.phia .... S4-4S! Omaha C0-4«
Jacksonx-llle .... st-iA '¦ Chicapo C6-4"'
Vashingtoa .... 88-00 St. Louis C2-48
>.ew York S2-10iSalt Lake City.! 58^4
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure his risen rapidly over Central
and Northern California and condition! are
rnore favorable for settled fair weather Lisht
showers have fallen over most of California
OeneroUE rains with high westerly winds are
reported In Utah and Nevada,
The temperature continues below the normal
in the great valleys of California, but warmer
urd a a raay ex P* rte <* on Friday And Sat-
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 25: imrty
Northern California — Fair, warmer Frldar
fresh northerly winds. -friday,
Southern California— Fair, warmer Friday
l:*ht northerly winds. - l; *riaay.
r *-iy*' l wlnd7 Fair ' warincr Frtday: brisk west-
Fn d a a y;^ C a 1SC^tX n d. y - Falr ' ™™
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
I Cross, wf, Topeka
R Meerwald, Leadville
A H Fisher, Ogden
Dr E R Henning. Ogdn
T Lake, Kansas City
L S Carruth. Fresno
N S Warren. Seattle
F Hoefer. Denver
L F Zimmerman, Ogdn
Mrs M C Zimmerman.
M R Wilson, Auckland,
Orden
W B Mitchell. Los An*
M Gleg, PUtsburg
I Ingram, Auckland
H M Goss. wf. Minn
M M Bust, Utah
A H BeiUston. Utah.
Mrs W F Phillips. Utka
W Martin. Chicago
E C Gaylord. Auburn
W Butler, Iowa
HOTEL, ARRIVALS.
CALL BOARD SALES. ; ; /
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales '
Second Session— 2000 ctls, 77%c.
Regular Morning 'Session — May — 2000 ctls
90c; December, 4000, 77% c- .
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, 90c .
OATS — Show no change whatever, 'being
quiet. ' ¦ .
Grays, SI 3001 40; whites, $1 30@l 45- Rur
prire. $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@i 32% •' red
$1 SOgil 42% per ctl. ./
- CORN—^-There was /less firmness, owing to
the weakness in the other grains. Otherwise
there was nothing new. One holder now has
ebput all the spot Corn in this market. There
was enormous selling at Chicago, -with the Har
ris-Gates party good buyers on the break.
Large -Yellow, $l'35(gl 45; small round ' do
?1 35(3)1 50; White, $1 40@l 47% per ctl
RYE — 00®95c per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted >. at $1 65@1 75' per
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 09. ;
Second Session— 2000 ctls, ?1 08%; 4000,
$1 08%. • •<"
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 1U4: 4000, $1 11; 4000. $1 11%.
Afternoon Session — May— 1000 ctls, $1 11 w ;
December. 2C00, $1 C8%.
BARLEY — Futures sympathized with the de
cline In Wheat and were lower, while spot
quotations were also slightly off. It was re
ported that-some large sales for the East had
been made ¦ at Livermore and in the Salinas
Valley, but the particulars were not given and
the information was vague. ; -
- Feed, 05®»6%c for No. 1- and 92%@93%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97%c
@$1; Chevalier, $1®1 20. . ,
CALL BOARD SALES
I Exchange and Bullion.
i Sterling Exchange. CO days..... — $4 86*4
Sterling Cables, sight. — .4 SS%
I Sterling Cables i — 4 8!)%
I New York Exchange^ sight 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 1714
Silver, per ounce..... — 51%
. Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreicn markets showed little
change.
The weather continued the sole feature In
the Chicago market,, which .was active and un
settled at a decline of l%c, owing to scattered
but continuous, rains over the Southewest, with
possible showers predicted for to-day. These
rains, while light, are sufficiently numerous
and contluuous to break the market, though
they were partially offset yesterday by general
frosts in the Central West and killing frosts
in Ohio. There was a big trade at the decline,
and though strong parties bought at the open
ing the market could not immediately absorb
the enormous selling. Southwest, led by
St. Louis, were heavy sellers, then - turned
equally heavy buyers. Kansas City bought
back all the wheat sold early. Minneapolis.
raported that stocks there would decrease 000,
000 bushels for the week.
. This market sympathized with Chicago and
declined on call, but shipping grades remained
unchanged. Freights were firmer, a ship being
chartered /at 25s. usual options, with 27s Hd
quoted for new crop loading in August and
28s 9d in September and October.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 11%@1 12%; mill
ing, $1 13%@1 15 per ctl.
There was some activity In a small way In
Gas and Electric on 'the morning session of
the Bond Exchange and the quotations ad
vanced • to ?45. The other stocks were dull.
Oh the Oil Exchange Sterling continued to lead
In Interest, selling at ?1 55@1 62%. the other
stocks showing no life. . ' .
In the afternoon. Gas and Electric continued
the active stock, selling up to |46 and down to
?44. Pacific Gas Improvement was higher at
$39.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.:
Crrcmon stock, $24 75@24 87%; -preferred,
$«0 €2^061; 4 per cent bonds. $90 50; sub
scriptions. $101 37%@101 75. - - ¦ . - *
¦ Hereafter the Interest coupons, when due on
the bonds of the following companies will be
paid at the office of the treasurer of the United
Railroads of San Francisco: Market-street Ca
ble Railway, Park and Ocean Railroad Omni
bus Cable, Powell-street Railway, Park and
Cliff House Railway. Ferries and Cliff Hcu^e
Railway, Market-street Railway and Sutter
street Railway. ouner
STOCK ANT) BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. April 24—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. I c Bid Ask
4s qr coup..lllVilL! Us qr c (new)139%130%
4s qr reg...Uiy 4 lll 1 /4i3» qr coup. .109%ll0 *
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala "A W 5s. 'M — |Oc SS Co 5s. 100
Bay CPC 5s.l07%10S',4 Omnibus 6s. — — -
Cal-st 5s 119 — Pac G Im 4s. 97% —
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk & CH 6s. 107 110
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk & OR 68.11T 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. —
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s.lO3 —
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5S.121 —
Do 6s 97% — 31erra Cal 6s.ll5% —
L Ang R Ss.118%110 • S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s.lO3 105 (1909) 113%
, Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 114% —
fl Do gtd 5S.103 104 S P of C 6s
L A & P 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr A.106%107
Do lem 5s. 102% — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (1906) 109 110
Do lem 5s.l20%121 (1912) 1IO%121
N R of C 6s.ll2 • — 5 P of C 1st -
Do 6s — 121% cgntd5s..l20 —
N Pac C 5s.lO9%110Vi Do Btmpd.111% —
N R Cal 5S.114M, — 5P Br Cal 6s. — 139%
Oak Gas 5s.ll£%113% 3 V Wat «3. — 111
Oak Trn 6s. 124 — Do 4s 2dm.lO3% —
Do 1st c5s. — 11G Do 4s 3dm. — 102%
Oak WG 5s. 103% 106 iBtkn G&E6S.102 104
WATER STOCKS.
Cbn'tra Costa 76% — -Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co 60 'Spring Val.. 92% 93
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light ..43 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% — Sac E GAR. 30 35
Mutual — 4% S F G & E. 45% 45?i
O G L & H. 61 62% S F G L Co. 5% 6
Pac G Imp.. 39 39% Stkn G & E. 8 —
i? jrem s v iiu.*»w a iv
BANKS.
Amer B & T.105 — [First Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal .. 90 90& L P & A. .. .l«J7%170
California ..425 427 iMer Ex (Uq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.119% — 'S F Nationl. 140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 2300 Sav & Loan. — 95
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.330 375
Mutual Sav. 80 — 1 Union Trst.1825 — '
S F. Sav U.525 — I
STREET RAILROADS. .'
California . .170 180 I Market 100 . '-;— ' ,
Geary — 60 |Presidlo 35 —
POWDER.
Giant 79% 79%,'Vlgorit 3 —
SUGAR.
Hana ...... 3% — Kilauea — -9%
Hawaiian ..33 — Makaweli ..23% 24U
Honokaa ... 10% — Onomea .... 25 —
Hutchinson . 12% 12k Paauhau ... 10% 12
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 160 Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 103% Pac C Borx.163 —
Cal Wine As.100% — Par Paint ..19 —
Oceanic S Co 32 I
Morning Session.
Board— *
25 Makaweli 24 25
•10 S F Gas and Electric Co 44 50
20 S F Gas and Electric Co 44 75
25 S F Gas and Electric Co........ 44 S7%
' 165 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 00
$4000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s 115 00
$3000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s (b 3) 115 12%
$4000 Sierra Ry of Cal es ..115 12%
- I Afternoon Session.
•¦'¦'¦'¦'•-"% ¦ Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 77 ©0
15 Contra Costa Water 76 87%
10 Hutchinson S P Co. ......... 12 25
5 Oceanic S3 Co.. .'....... 32 25
10 Paclflc Gas Imp 30 00
¦ 25 S F Gas and Electric Co... 45 50
> 35 S F Gas and Electric Co .'. 45 75
85 S F Gas and Electric Co; 46 00 .
45 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 «2%
: 10 S F Gas and Electric Co (b 5) ... 45 75
3 SF Gas and Electric Co 44 00
, . 5 Spring Valley Water. 02 75
2 Spring Valley Water 92 25
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds.'. ....110 75
$2000 Spring Valley 4s... 103 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. "•
Morning Session.
Board —
4500 Independence 08 * '
1000 Junction 20
200 Oil City Petroleum jg
100 Petroleum Center ....; 13
1000 Reed Crude ........... ...... .t::
25 San Joaquln Oil and Dev -6 25 •
- 100 -Sovereign". ..t. ;....;... .Y.. ;.;;•,«". 32
300 Sovereign 33 '
100 Sterling 1 55 -
700 Sterling 1 57Vi
1000 Sterling (b 30) 1 60
2O00 Sterling (b 10) 1 6O
1200 Sterling 16O
100 Sterling (b 60) 1 65
1C0 Sterling (b 30) 1 62*4
200 Sterling 162%
Afternoon Session.
Boar<V— .
1000 Cala-Standard .- 2O
200 Monarch of Arizona 17
100 Reed Crude 3tf
105O Sovereign .......:. &>
500 Sterling r. '.. 1 57%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were file sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ,
Morning Session. .
300 Caledonia .... 4«. 400 Overman .... 22
10« Challenge .... 17 600 Potosl 2K
400 Chollar is' 50 Sierra Nev. .. 22
400 Mexican 48 > 200 Yellow Jacket 1O
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 10i 600 Kentuck 01
ICO Caledonia ... «J! 500 Mexican 50
1500 Caledonia ... 65 1 800 Occidental ... 12
300 Challenge ... 20 1 200 Occidental .. 13
300 Con Cal St V.I 35i 100 Ophlr 1 35
50 Con Cal & V.I 30.1600 Overman 30
300 Crown Point.. 08 600 Overman 23
500 Justice 051 800 Yellow Jacket 12
- Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia .... 44; 300 Con C & V.I 32 VS
200 Caledonia .... 451 100 Mexican 48
800 Caledonia. .... 4tf| 700 Overman 2J
3U0 Caledonia 52 1200 Overman 24
, 600 Challenge Con 18 700 Overman ..... 25
200 Chollar /.....- IS 100 Potoal ....... 2«
200 Chollar 19 500 Yellow Jacket 11
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 23 200 Mexican 49
100 Caledonia ... 53 100 Ophlr 1 32 Vi
40O Caledonia ... 53 100 Ophir 135
300 Caledonia ... ft! 200 Overman 25
10O Con Cal & V.I 35 200 Overman .. 27"
200 Crown Point.. 08 500 Overman .... 28
300 Gould & Curry 06 200 Silver Hill 45
100 Mexican 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. April 24—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Aak.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 05 0#
Alta 02 Ot Kentuck — 01
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash... — ¦ 0+
Belcher 09 11 Mexican 49 50
Best & Belch. 25 2« Occidental ... 12 l."{
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 1 35 1 40
Caledonia ... 60 61 Overman 27 28
Challenge Con 19 20 Potost 26 27
Chollar 18 19 Savage ...... 13 M
Confidence ... 61 65 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 35 Seg Belcher., i 01 O.'t
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nev... % 2& 24
Con New York — 02 Silver Hill... 42 4.5
Crown Point.. 08 09 St Louis 06
Eureka Con.. IS — Syndicate .... — 08
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con.... 24 . 25
3ould & Curry 05 07 Utah 03 04
Hale & Norc. 21 23 Yellow Jacket U Vi
Julia : — 04
Choice offerings of Strawberries met with
ready pale at the quotations, but some very
green stock, was sold for $9 chest." Receipts
were 45 chests and 72 crates. '
Small sizes of fancy Oranges continued to
meet with a steady Inquiry and were rather
scaice, but large sizes were in excessive sup
ply and dull. .There was very little demand for
Lemons, the weather being against their sale."
One car came in and the market is over
. stocked. • Five cars of Oranges - will be auc
tioned to-day. •¦
The other fruits stood about the same.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $10@14 per
chest; Mallndas, $5@7 per chest and $1 25@1 75
per crate. . •
¦i APPLES— $2<§2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and COc@$l for or
dinary.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard. *2@2 50 for choice and $2 50@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets ?1@2 50; Va
lenclas, $2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2
@3; Tangerines, In quarter boxes. 75c(g$l
and $1 25(£1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c6jP
?l for common and $1 25@1 75 for good to
choice and $202 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit. *1
<T?2 CO. including seedless; Mexican Limes. $4 50
@5; Bananas,' $2 25@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 25 for Hawaiiaus; Pineap
ples. ?3@4 per dozen. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, April 24.— Evaporated apples
are having a fair Jobbing outlet for best
grades, but rule quiet on prime and lower
Export movement slow. Prices about un
changed. State, common to good 7iffiS!V.e-
Prtme. 9%@0' M c; choice. 9%@10c; fancy" loft
Prunes reflected an easier tone and dull
trade in most grades, with, new large size fruit
slightly lower to sell. Apricots and peaches
neglected by both Jobbers and exporters but
steady. Prices are unchanged. • '
. PRUNES— 3%®€Mic.
. APRICOTS? — Boxed, 10Vi®13c
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@lic; unpeel«jj, 8@llc
DRIED FRUITS.
¦¦ NEW YORK, April 34.— FLOUR— Receipts,.
24,215 barrels;- exports, 1S70 barrels. Less
active but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 2S0, 000 bushels; exports,
217,237 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red,- 83%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 89Vtc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 84%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 8S%c f. o. b. afloat. It was
rather a week day In the wheat market, prices
yielding to showers in the Southwest and poor
export demand. There was heavy profit tak
ing by the public and not much support, out
side markets showing especial heaviness all
day. The market closed weak at 1 %c net de
cline. May, 81%@&ic. closed 81 %c; July, &l%
#82%c. closed 62% c; September. 81%<g82%c.
closed 81%c; December, 83@«4%c, cloBedS3%c
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES — Film.
WOOL— Quiet. ' .
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady; No. 7 invoice
S'/fcc; mild. <julet; Cordova, 8V4@12c. Futures
cloeed steady, unchanged to net 0 points high
er; total 6ales 4<5.750 bags. Including May 4.»0
4i5c; July. 5.15©5.V!5c; September, 5.35@3.40c-
October, 5.40@5.45c; December, 5.55@5.(K)c :
March. 5.SO@5.85c. wv,
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 2%c;
centrifugal, 9« test, 3%c. Molasses sugar 2%c
Refined, 6teady.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 24.— To-day's Treas
urv statement shows: Available cash balance,
$180,411,478; gold, $01,891,948.
Receivers of Butter are In a quandary. . New
York and Chicago were both l%e lower yester
day and 'the Seattle market reported a decline
of 2c, with Portland delivering; Butter there at
20c. These figures cut San Francisco out of the
shipping proposition, and as the Butter keeps
coming in right along the local -handlers are
perplexed as to how to dispose of It. especial
ly as they are afraid to pack It at current quo
tations.
There Is nothing new in Cheese.. The market
is liberally supplied.
While the recent Improvement in ranch Eggs
is maintained the general market is rather
weak than otherwise, as supplies are large and
some dealers are heavily . overstocked. What
cannot be sold Is stored, '. and the surplus Is
thus taken care of for the moment, but It will
protably be heard from along In the fall.
¦ Receipts were 48,700 pounds and 154 tubs of
Butter, 1035 cases of Eggs. cases Eastern
Eggs, 25,000 pounds California Cheese and
pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, l'j@20c per pound for
fancy. 18@18VjC for firsts and 17&C for sec
onds; dairy, . 10@18c; store Butter, 14@15c per
pound.
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, 9@llc; Young
America. S<31Cc: Eastern, 13®15c per pound
EGGS — Rnnch, 14@lGc. with 10^c In a small
vre.y: store, ,12'/{..@14c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, April 24.— Close: Money on
call Eteady at 3*.i«?4Vi \>er cent, closing bid
and asked 3@3% per cent; prime mercantile
paper. 4(05 per cent: sterling exchange firm,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 88
for demand and $4 S4-%(fJ4 84^ for sixty days;
pc,«ted rates. $4 8C@4 88^4: commercial bills.
$4 84%«?4 S5%; bar silver,, 51%rf; Mexican dol
lars, 41c; Government bonds steady, State
bonds inactive, railroad bonds strong. .. .
Nezv York Money Market
Stocks to-day were brisk and firm, strength
ening: on the hopes of peace. Consols sold at
94%c. American stocks rose steadily. London
bought early and New York supported the
movement. Atchison and Union Paclflc were
In particular request. The close was at the
top. Rio Tlntos sold at 43%. Mexican Rail
way first preferred fell 6 on the disappointing
dividend of ',4 per cent per annum, the mar
ket having expected *l per cent. Gold to the
amount of $101,000 In bars has been bought
and £3C00 has been sent to South Africa.
NENV YORK, April 24. — The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, |1 50 for Cotton
tail and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, |2 50®3;
White Geese, 75c@?l; Brant, |1@1 50; Honkers,
WQi; English Snipe, ?2 50@3; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
POULTRY— Live 4 Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@lCc for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 5t)<81 7f>; Goslings, 52 25@2 50; Ducks. $4 50fi!
5 50 for old and $7@8 for young; Hens, $4®
5 50: young Roosters, $0 50@7 50; old Roosters,
$4 25@4 50: Fryers, ?r>@G; Broilers, $4@4 50 for
large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 50i31 75
per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
No more Eastern Poultry was placed on the
market, but there were a great many Hens
offering, which were carried over from the pre
vious day. Receipts pf Californlan were mod
erate and young stock was in fair demand. Old
Roosters and Hens were plentiful and dull.
There were no changes in Game. Twenty
three sacks came in.
Poultry and Game.
"In Liverpool there is an active demand all
over the country, and orders since the bank
hcliday have been coming In very freely, prov
ing that most of the country buyers must be
of stock. Prices are well maintained.
California fruits continue neglected."
•Ther» Is little to note with regard to the
C-lmon market during the past week. Conse
quent on the holidays business has been con
fired to the satisfying of immediate require
ments, and In these transactions values have
i Jled steady. The Havlla and Combermere
fcavo arrived at Liverpool with C1.S96 and 70.-
SOtt rasps, rpspectivelv from British Columbia.
The Lcndon Grocers' Gazette of AprlT 5 apys
Of the salmon market:
Fruits and Salmon in Lir.dm.
experience in grain speculation and heavily
committed in the current grain dealings. The
annual report of the Lake Shore Railroad was
a palpable influence on all of the Vanderbilts
and Indirectly on the whole railroad list on
account of the enormous earning power re
vealed and the prosperous traffic conditions.
The disclosure of the purchase by the Lake
Shore of a large block of Lehigh Valley stock
and admissions on the part of the principal
banklnc houses interested In the coalers that
purchases of Readinc were being made by
New York Central, Pennsylvania and the
Goulds were taken as corroboration of the ex
tensive community of interest being established
in the whole coal transportation Industry- New
York Central recovered strongly, 2*i from its
recent depression. Lake Shore it«elf and Mich
igan Central, owing to the. small floating sup
ply outside the New York Central treasury,
rose 13 and 19"> respectively on a very slight
demand. United States Steel stock* shared
in the strength of the market for the first time
!n many w«>ks. rising IVi on eecount of the
very active transactions In the trade. Atten
tion was called to-<Jay to the enormous ex
pansion of plant in progress, which, accord
lnK to one authority, will add at least 5000
tor.s daily to the pis iron product. Front one
point of view this is cited as evidence of the
confidence of continued prosperity in the trade,
as the?e enlarcemcnts will not come into full
production for a year or a year and a half.
The money market continued easy, with evi
dence of continued recuperation from the bank
ing reserves. Sterling exchange continues firm,
but is Etl'.l short of the gold export.
The bond market was ou'.te active and strong.
Total r.a'.es, par value, $5,815,000.
United States bends were all unchanged an
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK- LIST.
Ttccks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Alcuison 41,500 Hi<% 70% . 81%
AUhison pfd 4,200 99 !»S » s *i
Baltimore & Ohio. U.700 109 U 10S'.£ l«0
Baltimore & O pfd. 100 SW 96 !»5
Canadian Pacific .. 15,300 127% l-^H 1 ~! 1(i
Caratfa Southern .. 4.200 02^ 89% 92
Chesapeake & Ohio 400 4~\ 47»i 4i^fe
'/hicago & Alton .. 2,400 87»4 37 U 3.li
Chicago & A pfd .... 2«vs
Chicago B & Q 07
Chicago Ind & L.. 14,100 69Vi 60 O»U
Chicago I & L pfd. 2,300 Sl;6 SOU 81
Chicago & East 111. 100 1«7 107 1(57
Chicago & G W... 1,400 25% 26% * ;l V I
c & a w a pM.. 100 ssy> ss% so i
C ft G W B pfd .... ¦*«%
Chicago & N W.... 1.400 251 Vt 250 2M)>^
C R I A- P...:.... 1,100 172^a 171 172^
Ch'ccpo Terra & T. 700 21% 21 21
Chicago T & T pfd. 400 .TJ 3S% 3S%
C C (.' * St Lo-Jls.. 5.000 107Vi 10:1% lutf ~
Colorado Southrrn. 6,100 S2 3014 31 U.
Colo So 1st pfd.. 500 7414 74 74 J
Colo So 2d pfd 300 4.V /t 44% -45 % I
Dtlmvare & Hudson 1,600 17ri% 175 175
Del Lack & West. ..... 2S5.
Dtnvei & K G.... 2,000 44 42%. 4.5%
Dtnver & R G pfd. SCO 02 Ol-^i 92Mi
Kric .„... 23.100 40% .'K)^, 4t'H
Erie 1st pfd...... 5,300 71 70^ 70%
Erin 2d pfd COO 5«5 05% 55%
Great Northern j!fd. 1S5
Hocking ¦ Valley .. 2,400 S4 S2 . >« s i
He-king Valley pfd l.COO Jl% 91% Olji
ir^ntls Certraf . .:." 2,:«>:r l T4'< I <i H7'.i 'ljTs-i
Iowa Central ..... 400 ' 40 4S% 48'4
lov.a Central pAl. 800 i>SVa S7 l i c 87*4
K C Southern .' 1,200 27 20 20!{, i
K C Southern pfd. 3,li00 CU' 7 i 51) V> OOVt
Lako Krie & AVcst 200 t*Vi «8- 67 Vk
Lake Eric &. W pfd 130
Lcuiiville & Kath.. S.1C0 127^4 126% 12j>4
Manhattan L 15.1CH1 1W>,1 1«4 : V» 1,19 V
Metropolitan St Ry 1.000 15" 15:}' 152=4
Mexican Central .. 0,100 20 2S»,4 2S :i 4
Mexican National . 3,300 "0 l'J',i 10'/>
Minn & St I»uis.. 40.) ll.J 112^ 113 ?.
Missouri l'aciHc .. 19,5<J0 101U Vi% 100 %
Mit-s-ouri K & T.. *,70O 2">-% a5-i :
Missouri K & T pfd 1.400 !>« > 55>-i r>54
New Jersey Central 200 lU3',i 1»2>4 100
Nc-v.- York Central 32,300 UW% 1-n •<, a,. *,
Xorlolk & \Vestern 2,200 SO CS'-i 58%
Norfolk & West pfd .'. >m
Ontario & Western. 13,400 ."4 :u% m%
I eniiiylvaaia 5,000 lMVi 1M*4 lulW
Reading .-. 90.0C0 H7% ti0-% 60%
ReaCmg 1st pU.: 17. 1C<) S7 SU'A 8(tU
l:«-a&ir<e ' 2d # pfd... 15,200 72X6 72^4 72*i
St I^juis & S F.. 2,40<) (H»=}4 HSVj «j>y"
Et L & S F let pfd 400 . S:<v, S-iu S3
St Louis S IV ' l<;0 2^ 28 ' "7^
St Louis S XV pfd.. :;ijo W-i wv. oo«
Bt laul 27,100 leog J(i7ii i,.-,^
St Paul pfd 100 191^ 191 1,4 190
Souihern Pacific... 77,800 «7«4 cu-iT 07'4
Southern Railway. . ll,8iiO S<1% 3t!>A 3C'i
Southern Ry pfd.. 300 95% J>5^ 95'/^
Ttxas & Pacific .1.300 4:ji£ 41% . 40^
Toledo St L & W.. 15,100 23% «>2% -4v
To! St L & W pfd SO0 '40V4 40 40W
Union Pacific. 52, COO 104«i 102% 104U
Union Pacific pfd. 700 SS 87^ l£%
Wabash 13,400 2<iU, 25u tJt
Wabash pfd 24.300 4o£ 44«i Hit
Wheeling & L E.. 3.100 2l£ "jit vqv
W & L E I'd pfd.. 4,200 35* 5.k fj*
V iscon*in Central. 2,700 27 " "Hit ?.lv
Wi« Central Ipfd... 300 4» m'
Exprets Companies— *•
Adams 2f) _
American z\r.
United States ; "" "" f/X
Wells-Faxgo i/Zi
Miscellaneous— ;_>\ zw
Am Copper, ex-dlv. 31,900 67«4 fl«u rriA
Amer Car & Fndry 1,400 30 29U 29Ti
Am Car & Fdry pfd 1,300 91 89«i m %
Amer Linseed Oil. 100 24 24 oT
Am Linseed Oil pfd 400 50 m %a
Amer Locomotive.. 11, 1C0 30% ygsi ?.a
Am LocomoUve *>rd 5,300 09 07»i «« v
Am Smtj & Refng 200 45% 4iil «S
Am Sm & Ref pfd 1.000 96^ 05% 90
Anaconda Mining.. .100 114 114* U4
Brooklyn. Rapid Tr 0,200 71»4, c|w 70%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 107.900 110^ 107^ 108%
8^ c! T^aUo G . a8 :: «* IS*
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 5,100 124 120»i Ir4 v
General Electric... 100 32S 328 82614
Hocking Coal goo 21% "l «« a
Internat Paper 1,700 22U i\y A Zo
Internal Paper pfd 200 75i| 75% - ' 7W,
sassa^sg Sis; %WM-
National Salt s i5 .
National Salt pfd.. ..... "" £X
pacific cZ\T™::i WiM* r M 'y
Pacific Mail 100 -42" 42"' 44
People's Gas 7,4(XJ 105% 103% 104
Pressed Steel Car s 4,
Press Steel Car pfd "" kIw
Pullmn Palace Car 0^5
Republic Steel 21,000 20 i»H 1<»V
Republic Steel pfd. 5.400 75% 74% 7V*
Sugar 22,400 127?; 125'J 126V1
Tenn Coal & Iron. 48,900 74% 73U r\d
Union Bag & Paper 4,400 10 15*4 Ik{?
Union Bag & P pfd 200 80% 80% 80
V S Leather I.Wrf) 12% 1"2 i>»T'
U S Leather pfd.. L7CK) 8H% 88% . 83^
V S Rubber 200 17% 17% 17^
U S Rubber pfd... .'.:.. ..:.' " \l %
U S Steel 35.200 43% 42 : * 431*
U S Steel pfd 57,100 04 92% 91%
Western Union 1,400. 93 ' 92% ¦'. 92%
Total sales 1,265,500 -
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO3% L& N uni 4s... 1O*>%
Do 2s coupon. .109% Mexican Cent 4s. 83 K
Do 3s reg 4 .108% Do 1st lnc 33%
Do 3s coupon.. 109% Minn & St L 4s..lO4U.
Do new 4s reg.138 M"K& T 4s 101
Do new 4s coup. 139*4 ¦ Do-2ds. .. . .; Rait
Do old 4s reg..lll% NT C lsts V.104
Do old 4s coup. 111% Do gen 3%s.-. .109
Do 5b reg 1O5?4 ; N J C gen 5s... 140'
Do 6s coupon.. 107 IN Paclflc 4s.. 105 '
Atchison gen 4s.. 103 I Do 3s 7414
Do adj 4s 94 \ti & W con 4s. ..101%
Baltl & O 4s 102<^i Reading gen 4s.. 90%
- Do C%s 969'4 St L & I M con 5sll(5%
Do conv 4s 10»Vi St L & S F 4s.:. 101
Canada- So 2ds...lO8 |St L Swest lsts.. 100%
Cpnt of- Ga 5s. ...112%! Do- 2ds.. ..;... 871?
Do 1st tnc.;.;-.;87% R A & A P 4s 01
Cheaa & O 4%s..lO8M:,S Pacific 4s ;'. '95%
Chic & A 3%s.... 84% R Railway 5s.... 122%
C B & Q new 4s. 9rtVfa Tex & Pac lsts.. 121 'Y
C M & St P g 4«.llK% Tol St L & W 4s. KM
C & N con 7s 13*5% !u Paclflc 4s, 105%
CR I & P 4s.. ...112 Do conv 4s. ....109
CCC &St P g 4>.1O4 Wabasb l«ts 120
Chicaco Trm 4s.. 89% Do 2ds lll'A
Colo & So 4e !>5% Do deb B. .' 77JZ
.Denv & R G 4s..fO4 "Went Shore 4s W.iV.
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% Wheel & L E 4s.: J>V
•Do general 4si : 87.- Wise Cent. 4s...,. fiS%
F. W & D C. lsts. 115% Con Tobacco 4s.. C8
Hocklne Val 4U.B.110 ' • '
LIVERPOOL.. ' ¦:¦-.;.;
' Wheat — '¦ ' • -May. July.
Opening ..:..........,....... 6 2>i 6 1%
Closing ...;... 6 2% -. 01%
• - . ' PARIS.
Wheat—. April. .. Sept.-Dec.
Opening .....22 00 20 35
Closing ..' ;...... ..^... 21 95 2025
J"lour — . ¦ . '
Opening. '....... 20-95 ¦ 20 25
Ciosing ..,:.... 20 70 " 26 25 .
¦y.Nezv* York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 24,— Prices for tin at
home and abroad were raised to-day on a bet
ter, demand here.' backed by the drain abroad
and on' bull manipulation- at London. The for
eign market' closed £1 2s 6d higher,. with spot
at £120; 17s Cd. and futures" £123 12s 6d. The
local price for spot was raised about 50 points
to $27 75@28 25. Copper was easler^here, with
lake quoted at 11%@12<4c, electrolytic* llii®
12c and . castlng\at - ll^c. - Standard copper
v/a«' quoted with' spot' at ' ll@ll.35e and June
and July "at 11.10@ll.35c. , At London copper
was unchanged at £52 Cg for spot and futures.'
Lead . was steady ¦ and- unchanged here at
$4 12V5, but Is 3d lower at London at £11 13s
9d. Spelter was' easy, unchanged and quiet at
New York at $¦* 42%, 'and.' London was un
changed at. £18. New York . Iron . prices were
unchanged with the " market firm. No. I
foundry, northern, was quoted at $10@20; No. 2
foundry, .northern. ¦ $18(§rl9; No. 1 foundry,
southern. $17 60@18;.No. 1 foundry, southern,
soft. $17 50@18. *¦'¦ EnsrllBh markets were lower;
Glanmw closed at • 533 7d ¦ and Mlddlesboro at
4Ss 3d. •
,V^:c; York Cotton Market. •
¦ -' ' /
NEW YORK, April 24.— Cotton opened firm,
with prices 3@10 points higher, and closed
steady, with prices net 8@13 points higher.
Eastern Livestock 'Market.
CHICAGO.
. CHICAGO, April 24— CATTLE— Receipts,
55,000. Steady to strong. Good to prime
steers, ?6 80® 7 05; poor to medium, $4 75@
fl 50: stockers and feeders, $2 75@6 30; cows,
$1 50<£0: heifers. $2 50@<J 25; canners, $1 5o@
2 50; bulls, $2 50® 5 60; calves, $2@5 35; Texas
fed steers, $5 60® 6 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 15,000; to-morrow. $12,000:
left over. 0000. Ten to 20c higher. Mixed and
butchers, $fi 75@7 15; good to choice heavy,
¦$0 15@7 40; rough heavy. $« 05®7 10; light,
$0 (>5#0 DO; bulk of pales, $0 85@7 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.000. Market 25c lower.
Lambs. 10c lower. Good to choice wethers,
$5 40@fi; fair to choice mixed, $4 75®5 40;
Western sheep. $4 75^(1; native Iambs, clip
ped, $4 7500 C5: Western lambs, clipped. ?5 25
@0 00; wooled Colorado lambs, top $7 15.
Northern Business.
I PORTLAND. April 24.— Clearings, $302,235;
balances. 544,312.
TACOMA. April 24. — Clearings, $217,864;
! balances, $52,5G6.
SPOKANE. April 24.— Clearings, $223,494;
balances. $43,253.
SEATTLE. April 24.— Clearings, $528,103:
! balances, $104,U2i. *«S !
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 24.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, «5066c; bluestem. 66<g>66V4c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 24. — WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, COc; .club. 65c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. April 24. — Consols, 94 5-16; silver.
23%d; French rentes. ICOf 85c; wheat cargoes
on passage, sellers advanced 3d; No. 1 standard
California. 2«b ¦ 4*&d;-;.Walla'-- Walla, 29s. 3d;
English -country mar>-«ts.. quiet and steady. _ ¦_'
LIVERPOOL, April 2t.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, Cs 4d@6s 5d; wheat in
Paris, steady; Hour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, v/eak; weather In England,
fine. • ¦ ¦ .•»-.-. •¦:.-. .
COTTON — Uplands, 5 3-lCd.
VEGETABLES -r Asparagus, extra; fancy.
J2@2 25 per box, $1 75@1 S5 for No. 1 and $1 25
@1 50 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 35@75c per box; extra
fancy, 85cS$l; Green- Peas, 75c@$l per sack;
String Beans, from Los. Angeles, 10@17'/4c per
lb, including Wax; Cabbage, 40@60c per ctl;
Los Anueles Tomatoes, $1@1 50 per box and
crate; Mexican Tomatoes, ¦ $1@1 50 per box,
Including repacked ; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per
lb; Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12V4
<g20c per lb; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, ,.35@75c ' per dozen for small and
$1@1 25/ for large; Garlic, 2®3c; . Los Angeles
Green Peppers, 15@17 1 /4c; Mexican do, 10@12%c;
Egg Plant, from Los Angeles, 17&©20c: Sum
mer Squash, from Los Angelesv $1 25; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
' ONIONS— Oregbns, $2 10@2 40 for = the -. best
and $1 B0@2 for lower grades; Australian, $3@
3 25, second hands; Green Onions, 40@50c per
box, ' V: ¦ ¦¦ " ' ' ' .
¦ POTATOES — New Potatoes, 2@2}&c per lb;
old, $135@155 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks; $1 60@l 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 70@l 80; River Reds, $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 50@l 65; Oregon Bur
banks, for seed, $1 20@l 50; Sweets, $1 85 for
Merced. ¦ .. ¦ ' ' . *' .
Asparagus was higher under light receipts.
Rhubarb and Peas were in liberal supply, and
prices showed no change. Large quantities of
the latter went to the canners 1 cent per lb.
Receipts of Los Angeles vegetables were light,
and jjrlces for most kinds were higher. •••'
There. ;Was no change In old Onions. . The
Australian steamer brought upr 373gunnies and
2711 crates. Supplies of Green Twere larger,
and prices had a slight decline. i> " ¦ i '
Choice Burbanks continued to meet within
steady demand at previous prices. Offering*
were well. cleaned .out of first hands and a* firm
feeling- prevailed, as the steamer, due to-day
will only have about 4000 sks.'. Early 'Rose were
dull.' but other seed Potatoes were In demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Silver advanced again. Sterling Exchange firm.
Wheat lower, in sympathy zvith Chicago. Freights higher.
Oats, Corn and Barley sympathize with Wheat.
Hay and Fccdstufts as before.
Beans firmer, with sonic inquiry for shipment.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue plentiful.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins unchanged. • X
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Cotiolcnc higher. Other Provisions unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little change.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Oranges and Lemons quiet. Strawberries sell readily.
Cons for money.04 1-1«|N Y Central. ... .166
Cons for acct..94 5-10 Norfolk &AVest.. 00%
Anaconda 5% Norfolk & W pfd. 1)2
Atchison 82'/}) Ontario & West.. 35}4
Atchison pfd 101- Pennsylvania' iT'A
P^l & Ohio 111% Reading ......... 34%
Can Paclflc ..... 28V- Reading 1st pfd.. il\i
Ches & Ohio 48Ti Reading 2d pfd.. Zl
Chi Great Wstn.. 20 Southern Ry 37 ¦&
Chi. M & St P...172 Southern Ry pfd. »S
Den & R G 45«-l Southern Pac...; *&\i.
D & R G pfd 04-% Union Pac. . . ... .106V4
Krie 45v» Union Pac pfd... 90&
Erie 1st pfd M2 ( ,i U. S Steel.. ...... «ifc
Erie 2d pfd 07 U S Steel pfd.,.. 06*i
Illinois Central... 15 Wabash 2«
Louisville & N..12U Wabash pfd 45
M. Kan & T 2(5 1 Spanish Fours 7&%
M. J£ & T pfd...55'i'
Bar silver, easy, 23%d per ounce.
Money — 2%@'3 per cent.
- The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 13-16 per cent.
The rate of dicount in the open market for
three months bills is 2% per cent. •
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS." •
Money— u s Steel pfd. . . ; 93%
t-all loans 4 Wstnghse Com... 112
Time loans 4@5 Mining—
Bonds— Adventure "23
4tch!son4s ia} Allouez W*
bas'lsts sit Amalgmtd ex dlv. C7%
Mex Central 4s.. 82Vi Bingham ........ 30%
N EG & C 531?. Cal & Hecla. . ; . . .560
' Railroads— . Centennial ....... 20 V,
Atchison s~% Copper Rg Con...' 00%
Atchison pfd os'(, Dominion Coal.:. 138 &
Boston & Albany, 2«4^ Franklin .;...... 11 .
Boston & Maine .. 106 Isle Royale ....;. 12 .
Boston Elevated.. 160 - Mohawk ......... 37 #
NY. N H & H..233 Old Dominion. ... 19';
Fitchburg pfd 140 Osceola ; 62
union Pacific 104H Parrot .:.. 26%
aiexlcan Central.. 28% Qulncy .'.'. ••-. -. . . .125
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper.- 24%
Amer Sugar 126^ Tamarack ....'.;. 150
Amer Sugar pfd.. 118% Trimountain ...1. 55,
Amer Tel & Tel.. 183 Trinity....;....'.. 13V,
Dom Iron & Steel. 07^4 United States.'... Sl'i
Mass Electric 41^4 Utah 22J4
Mass Elec pfd 97V4 Victoria 5
N E Gas & Coke* 4 ¦ Winona '¦ :
I-nited Fruit ...106 Wolverine 5.i
U S Steel 43 Daly West ...... 44
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief. . . . . .'. 11
£Hce .. 50 Ontario .;..... ...8 75
grace 50 Ophlr ............120
Brunswick Con.... 15 Phoenix ...... Ofl
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl 20
Con Cal & Va.....l 25 Savage ..„.. 10
Deadwood Terra... 70 Sierra Nevada..... 20
Horn Silver ...l 40 Small Hopes ..40
J 1 " 0 " silver 70 Standard 3 45
Leadvllle Con..... 05 ¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. : .
White Beans - continue to harden, and the
whole list is quoted firmer, with a good demand
for shipment. -. '.
: BEANS— Bayos. *2 40@2 60: small White.
?2 20@2 35;. large^ White, $2 10^2 25; Pea, $3;
Pink. $1 85@2 05; Red, $2 25@2 50; Blackeye,
H B0@4 CO; Llmas, $3 45@3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 75@4 Der ctl. • ' ,
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, 52 50@2 05: Tel
low Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
ic*i{?ll%c; California, 10®10'Ac; Rape, l%4p
2Vic;' Hemp. 3%c per lb. - -
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 G0@2; Green. $1 50
©2; Blackeye, nominal.. . . ..
Beans and Seeds.
do, defective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months 0@
10c; do, 7 months, O@llcr Foothill. ll©13c:*Ne
vada, 12015c per lb.
HOPS— 12@13c for fair and 14@15c per 1b for
good to choice. •
j San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : . . •¦...'_.¦
-BEEF — 7@"Vic for Steers' and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7Vj@8.^c; small. 8%@10c per
Wethers. 8%@9%c; Ewes. 8@8%c
per lb.
LAMB— Yearlings, 0@10c per lb; Spring
Lambs. 10@llc per lb. . K
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%®9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. '
The following quotations are for .good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less BO
per cent ¦ shrinkage for cattle t -
CATTLE— Steers, 8V4@9c; Cows and Heifers
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. • '
CALVES-^4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4>4@5c; Ewes, 3&@4c per
lb (gross weight).
' LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5H@0c per lb liveweight; yearlings, 4y.
@5c Der lb.. ' TJ
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and >-nder, 6U®
0%c; 200, lbs and over. 6%@6%c; feeders 59i©
6%c: sow*. 20 per cent off; boars. 50 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent oft from the above
quotations. ?
General Merchandise.
BAGS-^Grain Bags; June and July. 6c: San '
Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32®35c; Fleece
Twine, . 7%@8c. ' -..
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Sotithfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. *G GO; Bryant. $6 60;
Roslyn, $7; Cops Bay, $5 50; Greta, ?8; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, 48 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite,' $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton >
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton
according to brand. -
OIL — California Castor Oil,- in cases. No
1, 70c; pure, $120; Linseed Oil, In bar
rels, boiled, 7Sc; raw, 7Cc;- cases, 5c more;
Lucol. 6So for boiled and 6ttc for raw, In bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels,
90c: cases, 05c; China Nut, 57%@68c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 70c: cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure. C5c; Whale Oil, natural white'
4o@S0c per gallon; Fish Oil. barrels. 42V4c;
cases. 47%c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c lor
Ceylon and 58%cifor Australian. .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk 16c;
in '.cases. 22}ic; Benzine, in bulk. 14»4c: In
ca?e3, 21c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: In
cases. 26%c. ¦
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar. Hefining Com
pany Quotes as follows, per pound in 10iMh
bags : Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulatea.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Eect Granulated (100-lb bags only),' none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels.- 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Us equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL it.
Flour, qr sks... 5,550 Straw, tons 23
Wheat, ctls 13.200 Feed, sks 170
Barley, ctls 49,342 Leather/ rolls. .. 6»
Oats, ctls 300 Hides, No I5t
Com. ctls..- 65 Pelts, bdls...... 24«
Beans, sks 308 Lime, bbls 36-1
Potatoes, sks.... 1,852 Wine, gala 54,800
Bran, sks 1,595 Tallow, ctls 210
Middlings, sks.. 655 Quicksilver, flks. 55
Wool, bales 610 Chicory, bbls 25
¦Hay, tons .. 485 Sugar, ctls.. 1,395
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 1,940 /Potatoes, sks.... 546
AUSTRALIAN. ;
Onions, crates .. 2, 636
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
$26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, ?20@ 21; Corn Meal.
$2!if?29 60; Cracked ) Corn. $20 50^30; Mixed
Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAY — Wheat, $»@11 60; Wheat and Oat,
$S 60@ll; Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa. S8@ll; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50®8 50; Stock, ?0@S
per ton. v .-'-•¦ . , - ¦ • . ¦ ¦ ¦
STRAW— 40@65c per! bale.
aides (loose),- $0 20@9 25; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 7%@7%c; short" clear sides (boxed),
$0 8a<J?y 00; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, $8 35.' . .
Articles— : "' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ........... 18,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels :..... 40,000 57.000
Corn, bushels .....:...... 71,000 - 37,000
Oats, bushels 150,000 170,000
Rye, bushels .. . . . ...;..
Barley, bushels ...17,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange : to-day the butter
market was easy. Creameries, 23@24c; dairies
20<g2ic. Cheese, steady.' ; 12% @13c. Eggs
fresh, 15V4@15^c. .-¦
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APKIL 25, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
11
ArtiMes— Open. HIjrh. Low. close"
May TCTfe 76% 75% 7\ K
July 77% 78- 76% tos2
September ..... 77% 78 76% 76%
Corn No. 2— . % <0%
May 64% C4% 63% W
July 66 6« 64% «42
September ..... 65 C5 ¦ C3«! cat!
patg No. 2— ' '*.«««*
May... 44 44% 43 4iv.
July (old) 37% 37% 36% tft2
July (new) .... 39% 39% . 3r2 ,sai
Sept.. (old) 32-f • 32% 32% S2?4
Sept. (new) .... 35 35 341? o7 H
Megs Pork, oer barrel— . Vi Si/ *
May, 10 80 iat97% 16 77% IB firt
July 17 00 17 15 17 00 17 02V,
September .....17.07% 17 15 17 07% 17 10^
Lard, oer 100 pounds— ** lt 10
May .• 9 85 8 00 0 85 fl no
July ...........10 00 10 05 » 9714 10 02V
September 10 10 10 15 10 10 10 10
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
May 0 25 . 9 25 0 25 ' 0 25 '
July..... 9 42% fl 45 0 40 0 42V,
September ..... 9 50 0 62% 0 47% : 0 50
HS -COAST RECORD.
STATIO
)XS.
S S = 5 2 J
5 *S g=[ 3
5 Hg H3 »5 8» 2,
" $ Si 52 : a ¦ ? S
I* * B • O *» C
* «^ ' • • o
• y ** i * •
istoria
iaker
'arson . . . .
. urcka . . .
"reEno......
'lacstaff.,
•otaieilo.
ndepe-ndei
-os Ari{f«--1<
'hoenix...
'ortland. .
ted Bluff,
lose bur?.
acrament
alt Lake.
an Franc:
. L. Ob'si
an Diego.
eattie .
pokan«» . .
r«>ah Bay.
Valla Wai
Vinnemuc
'ami
¦bji Franc
Ida.
¦ncc..
es. .
to...
po..
ilia."
cca.
clsco
.:i0.08 M 40 KW Pt Cldy .00
.ia.fxt «) 38 NW Cloudy .00
.30.03 4S 36 W Clear .01
..rKi.1'0 SO .V) X\V Pt Cldy T
..30.12 «W 42 NW Clear 28
..I'M. 74 «0 .-{0 SW Cloudy .00
..2I».72 4ft 3(5 « Pt Cldy .54
..2-J.&8 C* 3$ K Clear .00
...W.CKi «.4 40 W Clear - 04
..29.80 R4 52 SW Clear '.00
.30.04 TA 40 SW Cloudy T
.:».U 60 40 BE Pt Cldy ,S6
..30.10 56 42 nain .20
.30.12 «0 4<J S Pt CWy 4">
.2:».76 «0 44 SE Rain !io
3.30.18 60 4S W pt Cldy *»1
..30.14' <52 40 W Clear "«0
..30.00 C2 B0 NW Clear TO
..3O.«Xi fiO 52 W Clear *00
..29.92 00 M KE Cloudy ioo
¦%¦%% 44 W S§g -g
o temperature 7 a. m.. 48 derr»»«
ArtiMes— Open. HIjrh. Low. close"
May TCTfe 76% 75% 7\ K
July 77% 78- 76% tos2
September ..... 77% 78 76% 76%
Corn No. 2— . % <0%
May 64% C4% 63% W
July 66 6« 64% «42
September ..... 65 C5 ¦ C3«! cat!
patg No. 2— ' '*.«««*
May... 44 44% 43 4iv.
July (old) 37% 37% 36% tft2
July (new) .... 39% 39% . 3r2 ,sai
Sept.. (old) 32-f • 32% 32% S2?4
Sept. (new) .... 35 35 341? o7 H
Megs Pork, oer barrel— . Vi Si/ *
May, 10 80 iat97% 16 77% IB firt
July 17 00 17 15 17 00 17 02V,
September .....17.07% 17 15 17 07% 17 10^
Lard, oer 100 pounds— ** lt 10
May .• 9 85 8 00 0 85 fl no
July ...........10 00 10 05 » 9714 10 02V
September 10 10 10 15 10 10 10 10
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
May 0 25 . 9 25 0 25 ' 0 25 '
July..... 9 42% fl 45 0 40 0 42V,
September ..... 9 50 0 62% 0 47% : 0 50
HS -COAST RECORD.
STATIO
)XS.
S S = 5 2 J
5 *S g=[ 3
5 Hg H3 »5 8» 2,
" $ Si 52 : a ¦ ? S
I* * B • O *» C
* «^ ' • • o
• y ** i * •
istoria
iaker
'arson . . . .
. urcka . . .
"reEno......
'lacstaff.,
•otaieilo.
ndepe-ndei
-os Ari{f«--1<
'hoenix...
'ortland. .
ted Bluff,
lose bur?.
acrament
alt Lake.
an Franc:
. L. Ob'si
an Diego.
eattie .
pokan«» . .
r«>ah Bay.
Valla Wai
Vinnemuc
'ami
¦bji Franc
Ida.
¦ncc..
es. .
to...
po..
ilia."
cca.
clsco
.:i0.08 M 40 KW Pt Cldy .00
.ia.fxt «) 38 NW Cloudy .00
.30.03 4S 36 W Clear .01
..rKi.1'0 SO .V) X\V Pt Cldy T
..30.12 «W 42 NW Clear 28
..I'M. 74 «0 .-{0 SW Cloudy .00
..2I».72 4ft 3(5 « Pt Cldy .54
..2-J.&8 C* 3$ K Clear .00
...W.CKi «.4 40 W Clear - 04
..29.80 R4 52 SW Clear '.00
.30.04 TA 40 SW Cloudy T
.:».U 60 40 BE Pt Cldy ,S6
..30.10 56 42 nain .20
.30.12 «0 4<J S Pt CWy 4">
.2:».76 «0 44 SE Rain !io
3.30.18 60 4S W pt Cldy *»1
..30.14' <52 40 W Clear "«0
..30.00 C2 B0 NW Clear TO
..3O.«Xi fiO 52 W Clear *00
..29.92 00 M KE Cloudy ioo
¦%¦%% 44 W S§g -g
o temperature 7 a. m.. 48 derr»»«
AUCTION SALES
Inaugural
Auction Sale
24(1 THIRD STREET. . tJ
60 Driving Horses
(Gentle and well broken).
BUGGIES. CARTS HARNESS.
EOBES, BLANKETS. WHIPS ETC.. ETC..
AH In Perfect Order.
This is a rare opportunity for seekers after
young and fine looking, well-broken horses,
weighing from 1000 to 1500 pounds; suitable
fo.- all purposes; most of them city broke;
flno saddle horses, etc.. as well as perfectly
matched teams; besides many articles Indls-
, pensable to all horse owners.
MONDAY. APRIL 2S. 1802.
Commencing at 11 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. >?
Office 248 Third st.. near Folsom.
(Formerly 721 Howard street) t'-.r?.'^
WM. G. LAYNG, Anctioneer.
AUCTIOM SALE OF
HORSES
AT J. D. HORAN'S STOCK TARDS. COR.
10TH AND BRTANT STS.. SATURDAY.
APRIL 26TH. AT 11 A. M.
By order of M. Hartley of Merrill. Oregon.
I -will, sell 100 broken and unbroken horses,
mares, young mules and colts.
•' ' ' J. D. HORAX.
AUCTION SALE.
Tuesday, April 29, 1902, 11 a. m.
. AT STOCKTON, CAL.
Contents of. Fashion Stables.
Forty first-class livery horses, wagonettes,
o-seaters, surreys, rubber-tired buggies, har-
ness, safe. desk, furniture and tools. Sale on
account of dissolution of partnership. Every-
thing first-class and up-to-date; no reserve or
limit. ED SMITH. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JfKIDAY, APRIL 25, 1902.
12
SAX KUVVCISCp CALL.
rCSIKHFS OFFICE of The San Franc'sc.-*
Call, comer cf Market and Third streets; open
er.t'l 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 0:30 p. m.
BOO Hayes rtreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
«K» McAllister street: "open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
"Wli Mission rtreet: open until 10 p. m.
~61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
UMU 9 p. m.
J0<5 Eleventh slrert: open until ?) p. m. "
JC36 Valencia itroet: open until 9 p. m. _
Northwest eVner Twc-nty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until '.» p. m.
£200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
IUSISTIXG SOTICES.^ /V
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. ¦*-
K T. S Port rt.— Regular assembly TEtT 1
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 {M!
o'clock. Onier of the Temple. All W
fraters are courteously invited. By
ordrr cf the Commander.
HIRAMJ. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDF.X GATE Lodsre No. SO F.i and jS
A M.— Called meeting THIS (FR1- -#^
DVT) EVBXmO P.t 7:"0 o-c'.ock. D. /j^\
KIN'G SOLOMON'S I^odse No. 2<iO F. • j
krd -V M -The officers and members Jft^
- iVaM^WALTON TO-DAY (FRIDAY), at 1
crcloVk ). m. from the hall of our lodge.
1STJ Filimce Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3.
I o O F.— Doub'.e initiation :^523Kk
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING.
April £r>. Members earnestly re-
ouerted to attend. £ ME v E RS. N. G.
J. IV. E. ALLEN, Rec. Sec.
EUREKA Lodge No. «. K. of P.. will ;5rx
J. \V. C. 3EATT1E. K. of K. & °- , ¦
O T. M-novlew THIS .FRIDAY) /^^ |
rVENIKG ct S oclock. "Pioneer VTl t &\& ,
Kail. ~4 Fourth rt. W&MVhSv
U. H. CASTLK. >2asSr
Record Kee;->-;r.
GRANDEST excursion of the season K« ri fi a .
will take place at Fembrook Park, o3C^
Niles Car.ycn. on SUNDAY, May -4. Oj$|?
under the auspices of th; Austrian PtZp-i)
Military ar.d Benevolent Association. ..« i
A tombola of 3 CO cash prices will be drawn. J
A good time Is assured. THE COMMITTEE. \
AGEXTS WASTED! !
THERE is but one authentic life of Dr. Tal-
rr.ag-e, and that 5s by his son and Rev. Mr.
Ear.ks. D.D. Over 100 exclusive Illustrations.
I-e-st book. Best terms to agents. Outfit 15c.
Addrcsa Occidental Publishing Co., Oakland,
Cal.
LIVE at-enu- wanted to sell city and county
rights for a r.ew household article: $250 per
/ month assured. Apply between 10 and 12
o'clock at C-3U California St., room 16.
ATTOnXEYS AT LAW.
R. \V. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
C13: all cases; aamagts, estates, wills, mort-
EELges. pRrtnerrhips. attachments, collections,
etc.; lepal papers drawn; consultation free;
rio advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick .-quiet;
eo charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. \Y. KOWE. S50 Market ft., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE Iree; open every evening; low fees;
all cages. J. M- THURSTOX. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckyls bid?.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free; Tio fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale op Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
:;01 Larkin ft. and 305 Market Et.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and 'ancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
rages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. ISili Market et..bet.Sth&9th.
J1OAHDI\G FOR CHILDREN.
BOARD and care of one or two children; near
school. 204 Golden Gate ave.
HOOKS! — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
UUS1XESS CHAXCES. ~
A— $1100; COK. grocery and~bar!~with~riving
rooms and Lath, in beet location of the Mis-
tion; rent $15: a good paying business, call
It. G. WILKE. '2V% Kearny Et.
A — $3500; SALOOX, few doors from Market
ct. ; first-class paying: established rears;
. rent $45; clepant fixtures; large stock. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2G% Kearny st.
A— S42C0: DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
n.ale depot, clearing $400 per month; rent
H30: no better investment in anv kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C>i Kearny.
A — $e5G: SALOOX with 7 furnished' rooms; rent
f40; place first-class paying:; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing mi:'.s and lumber I
t. ards. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CU Kearny st I
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery hi |
choicest location of this city; established I
many years; lar^e trade; big profits; stock |
irvoiees about ?:{500; price $4000; rent $20 I
Call R. G. WILKE. 2«>4 Kearny st. j
V.'HY draw a j er cent a year rrom bank? j
We average nearly 6 per cent every week.
Ye^rs dcin- business and never a loss.
Over 2000 investors here in this city.
Dividends paid every Monday at our office.
You eari draw money at any time.
Guarantee larger profits than any other firm.
We accept investments of $10 up.
Write or call for interesting literature.
American Co-operative Association,
Suite C15, Emrca t-preckeis building.
Treasurer's department open evening, 7-8.
A— $5jC — BRANCH bakery, variety store; 4
rrr.s; rent $14; full value. Strand, 209 Kearny.
A — 3SS — COFFEE and chop house; receIpts~$20 !
gay; rent $20; bargain. Strand. 209 Kearny. |
A— $C75— DELICACY store; receipts $10 day; \
ry.t $15; bargain. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A — *175 — BARBER shep. 3 chairs; clears $30
wc-c-.k; :; rooms. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
LODGING-HOUSES, all prices, some as low as
$350 for 10 T-ocms. 7C5 Market st.. room 3.
Saloons, all prices, $200 up. Cigar stores,
candy ¦tores, branch bakeries. 107-acre ranch
near Oakland; will trade. Oyster and lunch
cafe on Market: rent free; $450. 3 partners
wanted. $2«0. $2C0, $150. All kinds of prop-
erty wanted en commission. 765 .Market, r. 3. !
$500 — RESTAURANT en Market: must be sold- |
bargain. A. KTENBERG. 759 Market St. !
A $350 i
RESTAURANT !
Must be sold at onc«: rent only $30. For sale
only by A. PTENBERG. 759 Market st.
WE have lodging-houses, stores', restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
niany other business chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for sale or
Call or write for our free list.
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market st.. room 20».
RESTAUP.AXT— Dally average $18; good fix-
tures; worth $400; must be sold on Monday;
make offer.
G. W. SCHWETNHARD.
hi, Market ft. < upstairs), bet. 5th and 6th.
$300— PARTNER wanted Sn light business-
isuitwl to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to 525 a week; no experience required; no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
buy. 25 Geary st.. room 4.
A— "jH CIGAR stands: pricon, $75 to $2000:
r^nts $(i to $125 monthly; profits $" to $7
caiiy. HEDGES. 4Cl-4«2 Parrott building.
$600— RESTAURANT. Market St.; SO regular
boarders; clears ?1SO month, or will take
partner;- a enap. BROWN. 1221 Market st
NICE restaurar.t, newly renovated, doing good
bmin.?SK, for Bale; well worth $300; will sell
for 52T><|; cause fickness; must eell in hast»
Apply- at 191S Market st.
FOR sale — All the stock, fixtures and complete
outfit at 821 Keamy st. : sale at 10 a. m
April 20. M. M. MILLER, Receiver.
¦WANTED— Trustworthy man as partner in
cash business: $100 per month guaranteed.
Apply 75 Third et.. room 1.
$4000 — SACRIFICE, account tUnees; flret-class
country hotel. Owner, box 1445, Call office.
FOR Bale, cheap — Good paying milk business -
owner obliged to leave city. Box 1426, Call.
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4'MG
Ca!l office.
GOOD-PAYING bakery business at half value;
good location : good prices; cheap rent; in-
cluding furniture of 2 rooms; price $250
1101 Howard «t. *
ACTIVE man. with $5000. can establish broker-
age business and use his own money; large
profits: something rare. Box 1421, Call.
$C4*> — FOR eale. groc-ry and notion store; party
wishes to leave town; gooQ locality; t(ne
neighborhood. Apply at once. 1124 Chest-
nut st.. Oakland. .
PLUMBING shop for sale, cheap; good locality.
1.C25 Devisadero at.-
CICAU store. 222 . McAllister tt. : owner -retir-
ing; filcknwfs; must sell Immediately. . ?'
RESTAURANT; place for man and wife; very
low rent; rood bus.; cheap. Box 1102, Call.
_JJ£S^J2£S_CIIANCES— ConflntiedL^
A — K. KENNY. 75 Third St., has the following
sale, payins business investments:
$450 — Fruit, produce and general store,
clearing !tl50 per month; trial before buyinp;
bett location in the State; is realy worth
$1000; owner leaving the State.
$450— Restaurant, doing a business of over
$40 per day. clearing $150 per month; best
location in the city: no night work; iow rent,
owner leaving the city.
$ SCO— Partner wanted in a first-class cor-
ner saloon; thoroughly established; fine ana
large custom; clearing $200 per month: owner
Is tired of unreliable barkeepers; will tea.n
a rood man the business.
J1C0— Barber shop;- a bargain; 2 chairs,
plenty of steady work; don't miss this.
$450— Grocery and bar in the vicinity of
Fourth and Mission; good trade; clears from
$75 to $VOO per month. '
?1000— Boilermakers or blacksmiths or ma-
chinists.' attention: partner wanted In a line
business in the southern part of tht btaie.
be f t shop outside cf this city: a ™£
cither of r.bove trades will have a grand
chance to connect himself with "a first-class
mechanic and svre future. .. )tn ,
$750— Partner -wanted to do the collecting
and assist in looking after the hired help in
a fine carpenter contracting business; cieai-
lB Sj i ff^g^^ t KfeMNT. 75 Thlrtjt.
$450—RESTAURANT; best location: cheap
rent: 25 tables; 100 chairs; sells ft w orifice
on account of departure: look at "'before
buyln? elsewhere^. KENNY. ¦5 ) Thlrd_st.
$3P0Zp" a KTN ER wanted In restaurant; best
locution: city front: present owner is a prac-
-ti,.ni «-r,r.ir st-nA nrefrrs cood partner to hired
CLA1RVOYAXTS— Continued.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second - sight ;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies 50c.
gents $1 ; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 202 Minna st.. nr. 4th.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing- works. :S53-357 Tchama st. :.tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market,bet.Sth&Oth;tel.Howard 2919.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beatlns Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 320 Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 120.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop. \
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION j Q^E}'SF^Z-'^Jj^
GEORGE Wl* KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless cuccc'tf full Room 310, 927 Mnrket st.
| EMPLOYMENT '-.WASTED— MALE. .
2 BUTLERS, - best of references, wish sltua-
jjtlons. See J. F. CRO9ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
COMPETENT, neat Eastern man wishes situa-
tion; private place; thoroughly understands
horses, harness, carriages, grounds; careful
' driver; milk; handy with tools ; ; for owner s
interest when absent. Box 42(55; Call, b. it.
YOUNG man of good address &«>eks position as
night clerk in rooming-house; salary required
moderate. .Box 1441. Call office. ¦
WANTED — Situation as cook for small mining
camp by. a «3ber, reliable man of experience.
Address box 178, U . S. Hotel. S. F.
GROCERY clerk with city experience ' wishes
position; wages no object. Box 1435, Call.
POSITION wanted by bookkeeper: 8 years' ex-
perience; also thoroughly acquainted with
lands, especially vineyards. Box 1422. Call.
COOK, middle-aged man. steady and temper-
ate, wishes work In boarding-house or small
restaurant. , Box 1427, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position taking care Of
horses and garden: good driver; can milk;
handy tvlth tools. Box 1428. Call office.
YOUNG German bartender, good mixer, wishes
position; best references. Address 2206 Mis*
elon st. . t
YOUNG man, experienced bookkeeper, corre-
sponding in English. German, French and
Italian, familiar with typewriting, desires
employment; good reference. Box 4894, Call.
WANTED — Positions - by man and wife on
ranch; man good all-round worker; wife flrst-
! HELP WASTED— FEMALE— Com.
I GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
-,FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS.
I- : '¦ — —
WAITRESS wanted 515 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED lunch waitress wanted. 631
Clay st.
WANTED — First-class waitress; $8 a week.
Kreuss Ca'e, 7-J Third 8t.
WANTED — 5 glrls'to learn halrdressi'ng, .mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waitlne: private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening cla-w.
College. 23-3 Geary St.. rooms. 13-15.
FOR Sonoma — Girl for kitchen work; no wash-
I Ing; good wages. Apply 1327 Ellis st., Sat-
urday, 10 to 12 a. m.
COMPETENT woman to take charge of bath
rooms, out of town; good position and re-
spectable; references required. Box 1423. Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on custom and stock
_shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st -
GIRL to take care of baby 9 months old, $8 to
; $10; good home. . 2099 Mission st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; small
flat. 233 Devisadero st.
_ HELP WANTED— MALE— Con^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .429 Bush St.
........ NEW RAILROAD WORK ....
Free fare Free fare
FOR NEVADA
2C00 teamsters and laborers $2 to ?2 25
100 concrete laborers .....$-
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 tunnelmen, header and cornermen, drill-
ers and muckers $2 to $2 25 a day
SHIP DAILY
Free fare Free fare Free fare
60 laborers, city and country, $2 x a day: 20
farmers and milkers $j0 to $35: 10 staMe-
men, city and country, $30 and ?25; 10 car-
penters, country,?3 CO day and board; coach-
man, city. $.15 and found; engineer to run air
compresser. railroad tunnel, $30 and found,
free fare; carpenter for railroad tunnel. $2 50
a day, free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter who speaks languages. S75;
bread taker, country, $50; second cooks. ?ry-
t-rs and broiler*. $40 to $70; dishwashers,
kitchen hands and others; bookkeeper, ex-
perienced In sash and door business, $50; jan-
itor, city. $35
Male Entrance 12 Berry st
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
HELP for the X*w Department Store to be
opened about Sept. 1 In the Murphy build-
ing, formerfy occuuied by J. J. O'Brien &
Co. Applications will be considered by the
management of the new store for positions
as heads of departments and subordinates.
tales people, head bookkeeper, manager of
advertising dept., manager mail order dept.
HALLS TO LET'
For rent— Teutonla Hall. 1332 Howard St.. bet.
9th and 10th. for a term of years: barroom.
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
I ed therewith. For particulars address F.
• HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 4C0 Eighth."
IXYEST3IEATS.
THE Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery »t..
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
~ LOST ASD POB?ID.
LOST^irpur^"on the Dashaway 'bus at noon.
Finder will please return to MRS. BEKERT.
V21 Pest St., and receive reward.
LOST— A small gray mare. Return 1828 Fell st.
: or J. O'Shea. 17th and Vermont, receive re-
ward. ' i
LOST — $10 reward for return of pointer dog to
2509 Pacific ave.; answers to name Ray; II-
cense 2SC2. ¦
LOST — Near 25th and Shotwell. Scotch colllo
j dog; tag No. 43CS. Reward at 250 Preclta ave.
LOST— Foxterrier pup. half brown face, brown
spots on back and short tall. Reward If re-
turned to 42 Winslow st.. or leave word at
stall '57. Union Square Market. *
LOST — April 23. silver spectacles, near Fourth
and Folsom; reward. "IS Folsom st.
IT will pay to "Remember"- that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs ok!
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
liplp. Apply" K.~ KENNY. 7? Third st.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB.
S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 1««-
Real Estate Agent. '
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. „ .
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business A sent.
A GOOD Investment — A manufacturing busi-
ness wants $20,000 additional capital; th"?
business is well established and paying large
dividends and is increasing to the necessity
for extra capital to allow further and natural
<3 evelopments. Add. P. O. box 29*. Oakland.
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for Eale at a bargain: clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc. : all go; opportunity e:Iv;n for In-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511. Call.
$0C00— FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus cf car line: with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to risht partj-. Box 4818, Call.
TRANSFER and baggage office: 2 horses and 2
wagons; a bargain. Call at IPS Taylor st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A LODGING-HOUSES
10 looms; rent ?50; modern building;
Hood furnishings; death cause of sell-
ing $30-)
20 rms.; rent $70; cent, loc: mixed fur. 1300
23 rros. ; rent $58; bay-window house.. 17^0
27 rooms; rent $125: lease; fine furn... 3.*jO9
S5 rms.- rent $300; location Al; elevator 7000
Lodging-houses and hotels to suit all
classes of buyers; large list; call and in-
vestigate b#fore buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th and Cth.
GOOD transient house: new furniture $lS00
30 rms.; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country: transient; low rent. 650:)
3<X» rooms.; corner house for men 5003
50 rooms"; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $65: terms. 1-tOO
40 rooms; man house; rent $15; bargain. 703
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market St.
We have rooming-houses all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
. 20 rooms ; sunny ; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner..- 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1 Vt per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every dar.
New houses to lease.
LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; elegantly fur-
nished; walking distance: will sacrifice for
$450 account of taking: laree hotel. MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery St., room 4.
FLAT, elegantly furnished 3 months ago, will
sell at great sacrifice: $175 secures It; C
rooms and bath; all light rooms: sun all day.
MORRISON & CO., 26 Montgomery St., rm.4.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses.
Cats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A — Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
• Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A — H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country. It will be to your advantage to call
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value is in 6lght.
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn; rent $K>..$850
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture.. 550
11 rooms; housekeeping; rent $32 .... 000
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates. . J
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market St., room 20S.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New Cottage. 7 rooms,
batli. furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. U27 Market Et., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure go^d fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up. i
' Painless extraction. -
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
! EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 -ears', ex-
perlerce; no- students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants, i
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ]
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4tn. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
_ lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $1 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays. .
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors: skilled operators. ;
fas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDEH-
SON.D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot brenk;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates. $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth tt
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, 'cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
j MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st. —
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of tfceth without plate. DR. h] O?
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. *
DRESSMAKERS A>D SEAaiSTRESSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School; j
J corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt. j
i . EDUCATIONAL.
liEATD^^^cllobTr^F^EL^CTRlcAiir^NGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 21 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
SUMMER term night school fof men. Y. M. C.
A. building — Arithmetic, bookkeeping, Eng-
lish, penmanship, stenography and typewrit-
ing, naval architecture, steam engineering;
special tuition for special courses. Call at
Association building for particulars, t ¦
A— $50: LIFE scholarship at AYRES' BUSI-
. NESS COLLEGE. 723 Market St., pays for I
the combined commercial and shorthand
courses; new typewriters; positions secured;
catalogue- free. . . ...._¦
A — GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrot building to more commodious quarters
at I3S2 Market St., on or about May 1. 1J>O2.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
* TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bids;.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregjr stenographers -secure positions; 34
good positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College. 1230 Market.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.— Expert
I workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell. •
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual in-
| struction: Pitman system ; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
I J3PANISH.French.etc.Prof.De FlIippe'sAcademy
of Langruages,320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
clasB housekeeper. Address, for 1 week, W.
W., box 4897, Call."
WANTED — By reliable young German, position
as coachman on private place; with last place
3Vi years; good horseman. Box 4896. Call.
JOBBING blacksmith and shoer. married and
steady; wishes a situation; wages reasonable;
custom shop. Address F. M., Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz County. Cal." •
COOK would like to go to Alaska: capable of
taking charge of camp. Address J. H.
HENRY, care Al White.- East Berkeley.
GOOD experienced Chinese cook wishes posi-
tion In hotel cr boarding-house. . Address
YEE LING. 20 Prospect place. . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions s has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • * -
financial: _. __!'.'.'_._
59.090 SHARES of the capital stock of th«
Flores Hale & Co. were sold at auction on
March 21st; the time for confirmation of the
sale by the Superior Court has been net for
April 28th at 2 o'clock p. m.. In Department
9; any person may appear in Court on that
day and overbid the purchasers; the highest
bidder, If the price is satisfactory to the
Court, will secure the property. For other
property of the estate for eale same day see
"Country Real Estate" and "City Real Es-
tate" columns of this paper. For all infor-
mation apply to
- McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers. Room
22. Chronicle building.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Cail
or address. main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting icuarantee plan; writs
us. Pac. States Mlnlng&Invest. Co.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
NICELY furnished flat , 5 large sunny rooms
and bath for summer. Apply Call office;
tel. Blue S02. .
SMALL* 3-rootr. flat on Hyde-st. car line; grate
and gas: $15. 1233 Vallejo st.
SUNNY bay window flat: 3 rooms: bath, gas;
suitable for two. Key 524 Fell st.
MIDDLE flat, 5 rooms, bath, yard; water free.
36-1 Third st. ; $22 50. £
TURK. 524%— Sunny flat of 3 rooms; furnished
for housekeeping; rent $13. ¦
NEAR new City Hall: flat, 5 rooms and bath.
6"& Grove St.
PINE .2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern: large
. back yard; fine basement. Owner, 2134 Pine.
LOWER flat: 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom. $12. 2419 Clay st.. near Fillmore.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
GREEN. 427 — Flat, nicely furnished; cheap
rent; no agents. Call 3 to 5. _^
Furnished flat 7 rms.. bath; Devisadero. near
Sacramento. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgmry.
DESIRABLE newly furnished modern flat of 0
' rooms. to let forjthe summer. 2659 Stelner.
GOLDEN. GATE, 1517— 4 rms. ; bath :gas range:
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $13 50: 1 to 4.
FUIWflTUIlE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE. 6 room?, as a whole, or by piece.
49 Hill st.. corner Guerrero. >¦
.FURNITURE W ANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big. t
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays highest
prlco for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. .^___
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the world;
• warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice, paid
while learning; steady work. 641^ Steven-
son st. .
Hairdressing. massage, - manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College, 1236
Market, rm. 1)4: splendid position; day, eve.
WOMAN to instruct and direct employes. Box
1418. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor for tailor-made suits;
references required. Box 1409. Call.
GOOD elrl for cooking and ' housework; small
family; good wages. 1922 Broderlck st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
and where. last employed. Box 4S07, Call.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman for light work;
family of »2; good home. 870 Mission st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning:. 541 Market St. ¦' ' i -
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced rhlrtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. v
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
634-636 Clay st
Office open 7 a. m
1759 R. R. MEN ;
SANTA FE.....S. P. R. R C. P. R. R.
SANTA FE R. R7.
SANTA FE R. R
.COMPANY'S OWN WORK
SANTA FE R. R...
ICO laborers to work on the Santa Fe System,
in section, steel, extra and ballast gangs
Wages $1 75 day Free Fare
SHIP DAILY v
• Morning Free Fare Night
FOR NEVADA
275 teamsters — free fare $2 25 day
100 Drillers. Nevada $2 50
175 laborers, $2 day; 175 Rockmen, $2 50 day
SHIP MORNING AND NIGHT
FREE FARE
BLACKSMITHS BLACKSMITHS
MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith, country shop. $45 and found;
blacksmith, ranch, $40 and . found; black-
smith, sawmill, $45 and found; blacksmith
for lumber Co., easy Jod for an old man;
blacksmith, country shop, no shoeing; black-
smith, wagon and carriage work, city job; 14
other blacksmiths; shingle saw filer, country
mill, $75 and found; 3 shingle packers; pat-
tern maker; ,2 painters; 3 bench hands, $3
day: frame ' maker, planing mill; wagon
maker, camp,' $3 day; carriage painter's
helper; wood turner, city mill: 2 brick mold-
ers, mine Co.; 3 kiln burners, $2 50 day; set-
ters and pitchers
LABORERS
Quarries, Mines, etc
5 laborers, no experience. In good mine, $60;
10 laborers, surface work around mine, $42
and found; 15 1 laborers for quarry, $60; 8
laborers, quarry. . $42 and found; 35 Italians
to do laboring work near city, $2 day; 6 la-
, borers, near city, $34 and found; 10 labor-
ers, factory; 115 men for other laboring Jobs
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC
¦ . 47 farm hands, steady .* Jobs on fruit and
'. other farms. $26 to $35 and found; 5 ranch
teamsters, $30 and found; 5 scraper team-
sters, ranch, $26 and found; 14 choremen for
I farms and private, places: 15 chore boys, $15
to $30 and found;. 6 cheese makers, $35 and
found; 6 butter makers, $35 and found; 35
milkers, $30 to $40 and found
.. MISCELLANEOUS
Buggy washer, city stable, $60; 4 stablemen,
city and country; baksry wagon driver; mid-
dle-aged man to care for 3 horses arid drive
a little; 350 woodchoppers; 20 tie makers; ,17
post and picket makers; farmer and wife, $35
SAWMILL AND WOODS
10 handy men with ax for tie camp, $35 and
found; 15 laborers for saw mill, $30 and
found; 5 laborers for woods. $1 fare, 830
and found; 10 swampers, $35 ;, 15 laborers, for
woods, $35 and found : 5 laborers, for saw
mill, Santa Cruz Co., $30 and found; 5 cross- |
cut sawyers. $40; 10 tree fellers. $45 and
$50 and found ; 6 jack screwers, $40 and .
. found; 150 laborers for other saw mills, no
experience required
Reduced fares to the mills
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. ETC
Cook, Institution, country, $50 and . found;
cook, 25 men, mine, $40 and found; 14 cooks,
other • places, $30 to $50 and found; 15
and head porter.
Applications for these positions can be
made in person or by writing. ' No applica-
tion will be considered of other than experi-
enced and well recommended applicants. -
Address all communications to or apply In
person between the hours of 10 and 12 a. m.
and 1:30 and 3 p. m.. at room 439, Parrott
bldg. H. GOLDWATER.
WANTED — Good boy over 15; chores; can at-
tend school after holidays; good home; ref-
erences. Address box 12. Halfmoon Bay, Cal.
WANTED — Draughtsman to make some shop
details for steel structural work; a few
weeks' work. Address box 1434. Call office.
WANTED — Boy about 16 to learn real estate
business. Box 1444, Call office.
200 LABORERS at Hunters Point; $2 per day.
City Street Improvement Company.
WANTED — Strong boy about 16 years old.
Address box 1442, Call office.
WANTED — A paper cutter on power machine;
eteady work. 520 Market st.
ONE wagon maker on repairs. 426 Ninth st.
WANTED — Young baker with some experience.
336 Third St. "
WANTED — A dinner waiter at 304-306 Mason
St.; wages $4 week. . ¦
FIFTY quarrymen, $2 per day. Apply 0 Sut-
ter st., second floor.
PLATEN press feeders. GEORGE SPAULD-
ING & CO.. printers. 414 Clay st.
GOOD barber wanted at 1305 Park St., oppo-
slte Park Hotel, Alameda.
PARTNER wanted; light business; $150 cash;
good chance for young man. 40 Ellis, rm. 13.
PAINTERS PAINTERS
Carriage painters wanted at O'BRIEN &
SONS', Polk st. and Golden Gate ave. '
YOUNG man that Is willing to work and can
handle horses well. Please call 130 Guer-
rero st.. between 5 and 6 p. m.
2 GOOD ranch hands. Call between C and 7.
1021% Market st.
WANTED — Reliable young man for plain work,
with established firm, $15 to $17 week; per-
manent place; must have some cash.
BROWN & CO., 1221 Market St.. upstairs.
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
to 4 p. m.. ex. Sun., St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237, 160C Market st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good |
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
. Inch: able to speak and read . English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — One first-class carriage blacksmith.
2 blacksmith finishers and 1 first-class body-
maker. Inquire, stating experience, of A.
MEISTER & SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only flrst-clasa
man need apply: technical man preferred; no
attention Daid to answers unless giving full
detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed.. Box 4S10. Call office.
WANTED — A reliable man for a permanent es-
tablished business; will pay $20 per week; ex-
perience not necessary: must have $200 cash.
Apply 765 Market St., room 3.
WANTED by wholesale wooden and -willow
ware house, traveling salesman well ac-
quainted in San Joaquin Valley. Answer box
1417, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers- In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. :
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
be frraduate grammar school and well recom-
mended: no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
FOR sale — Barbers; 3-chair sl.op; 3 rooms; cen-
tral: low rent; paying $30 per week; price
$150. Box 1451. Call office.
WANTED— Basters on coats. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.'S factory, 27 Geary st.
A DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult casea treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all «ut>Jecy-
of a delicate nature. Dr. G. W. O'DONJ^
NELL, office & residence. 1013 Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS D. WTETH — Well-known reliable ladles'
specialist ; instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement; houra 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 10CS% Market st.. opposite Sth st.
MRS D. KOHL — Well-known ladies' special-
ist, 30 years' experience, removed to lOOStj
Market st.. opp. Sth; houra 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET. COG Guerrero St., near ISth—
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 25
years' experience In midwifery cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; infants adopted; confinements
$15- room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
1228 to 1126 Market at.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital: home for infanta free;
fee low. 006 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladies*
specialist: a private home before and during
ccnflnenient; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market st., nr. Sixth.
treats ladies only; relief in all cases taken.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MlSCELI^vyEOUg^FOB^ALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN«
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
NEW and second-hand boiler*, engines, pumps,
dynamos, water pipe, fittings, etc.. bought,
sold and exchanged. H. S. WHITE, 130-133
Beale st. _^___
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en- I
Klr.es. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys. ]
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear «t. .A
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th«
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN of finest quality : same as new.
bust 3«; party going East: cost $225; will sell
for $100. Address box 1559. Call office.
WANTED — To sell good collection of postage
• stamps, containing rare Australians and
other British colonials. G. Felix. 418 Sutter.
A — $3 50 Derby and Finlora hats. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. .'530 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS $lO~dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
THE firm o£ Uncle Harris has retired from
business.
FINE Persian rug, finest condition. S 1^ by 6,
for $15; cost $3S. Box 4993, Call office.
FTIEE sand at 1004 Pine st.
FOR sale^ — $10; good barber chair and rest. 91t>
Capp st -^
BARGAIN — House 6 rooms, all rented, welt
furnished; also good bicycle. 874 Howard.
NEW beer pump for sale; cheap. Inquire 1CD7
Foisom st. . . " '
GASOLINE engine: burns cheaper oils; first-
class every particular. Box 4903, Call office.
$5— NEW Home; good condition. 1571 Market.
_near Twelfth; tel. Howard 30S3.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-das'* harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford CaL
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Kdison phonographs, records, supplies, mov'n^
picture machines, films. Baclsralupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, ail sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
PAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery. ensines and boilers
10 ROOMS and large store and basement: suit-
able for saloon or restaurant; Al location;
house newly furnished, papered and painted:
rent low. Apply Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310
Stockton St., near Broadway.
ATTENTION — To buy. sell or exchange, call on
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
906 Market St.. corner Ellis.
A SNAP — Lodging-house, 21 rooms; Kearny St.;
corner house: best furniture; nets $100 month;
only $1000. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
FOR ' SALE — Rooming-house, sunny corner;
Pcwell st.; 42 rooms; owner going to Nome;
price $4000. Box 1494. Call office.
$425— NEWLY furnished house: choice loca-
tion; departure; bargain. 1010 Larkln.
NEW apartment hpuse for sale or rent. 245
Grant ave. .
. SPIRITU ALISM.
BROCKWAY'S s"eA^CE~TO-"nIGHtT~
Independent slate writing and psychic tests;
every one receives a communication; full
names and questions answered; 25c. 1052 Ellis
St., bet. Franklin and Gouzh. • '
i MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, . bus. melum;
life reader: medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1104 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.— Circle Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m; Wednesday, ladles 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
GRAND materializing seance to-night. S
o'clock: $1; only friends admitted. C. V. MIL.
LER. 1084 Bush St.; phone Larkln 4133.
ETHEL CUINDLE, materializing: and vocal
seance Friday and Sunday eves; 50c. 325
Ellis st.
MRS. HAULAND'S circle to-night, also Sun.,
10c; business readings. 50c. $1. -132 Sixth 3t.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thura.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings dally: teat to all to-night: 10s.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third et.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an aecurats
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays. events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; eatlsf action guaranteed. Tel Black 4560.
ISMAR THE GYPSY ' ~~ ~
Has Removed To
1104 Market st.. Corner Turk. .
Ismar, the Egyptian seeress, has removed to
more commodious quarters In the Vendome,
1104 Market St., corner Turk, offices 9 and 10,
where she can be consulted daily on all af-
fairs of life. Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun-
days 10. to 12 m.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket fit., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2«; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
• anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 (!th: German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
CARD reading, and astrology.- 148 tith St., room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mail.. •;.;
MME. WODGEHSKA. great card reader; read,
dally, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 10c-25c. 119 Rubs.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant ' and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in |
class. $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by. ma 11 or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission: Instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class.
BARKER' S Academy. 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63: new EQ-pace catalogue free.
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.5G5 Mission; tel. John 3856.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
find waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klroshlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
: reliable help. 624 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ten; tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
JAFANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RKLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ORPHET7M Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 6072.
ESU'LOYME.NT WASTED FK.1IALK.
A — SWEDISH houseglrl: good cook; best ref-
erencee. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ¦
A— WOMAN with a child: good, cook and
housekeeper. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A — GERMAN girl; first-class laundress; city
or country. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, also second girl, both
want situations together; -can be seen' at J.
F. CROSETT & CO.'S, "334 Sutter st.
EiXPERIENCED nurse wishes a position to
nurse in confinement: terms reasonable. Ad-
dress MRS. M. V. HALL; 1537 Howard Et.
YOUNG lady desires bookkeeping, copying,
correspondence,- etc.. evenings, at office or
home. Address E. F., 3074 Sixteenth st.
RESPECTABLE woman nurse by the, week or.
month; would care for invalid; good refer-
ences. Call for 2 days at 892 Geary st.
RELIABLE woman wants work of any kind by
the day; $1 50 per day.- 2107 Geary St.; phone
Pine 1096. '
YOUNG woman would like to do second work
or general housework in an American fam-
ily. Call or address I. H., 1412 Mission st.
AGED, respectable Protestant woman; place I
In private American family; 'flat or house.
lCCO^ Polk st. - . .
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position aa house-
keeper or to cook for men. Call 68-74 Ellis
st., room 131, between 1 and 4. ; *-:/.'
GERMAN girl desires position; ' Is first-class
German cook. Apply shoemaker shop, Stelner
Bt., near California. .- '
WOMAN wants work by the day or week; un-
derstands general . house and ¦ laundry work;
is also a good nurse. Address box 1420, Call.
COLORED woman wishes day's work; $1 25
per day.. 1133 Clay St.; phone Red 5991. •
NORWEGIAN girl wishes to 'do housework;
good cook. 1355. Stevenson st.' ' . ' ¦
A LADY wishes situation as cook; country pre-
i ferred; best. reference. Apply 933 Mission st.
A "YOUNG lady with experience would like a
. position in a doctor's office. | Box 4898, Call.
.WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.,' near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night;: $150
to $0 week; convenient and; respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. , ; ; ' . ¦ .
WANT ads and subscriptions ¦ taken- ¦ for ' The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 , McAllister st.
HELP WAKTED—FEMALE.
AT" C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .. '. 7.423 1 Bush 7st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses, springs, summer resorts, city,
country and commercial hotels, $20, $30;
chambermaids, city and country hotels, $18.
$20; chambermaids to wait, city and country
hotels. $20; cooks: laundresses; fancy iron-
ers. City hotels. $30 and board
.<... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl and tend baby, city, $25; cook,
country, $25; woman with a child old enough
to go to school, $15; 2 housegirls, Mountain
View, Santa Clara County, $20, see party
here; others, city and country, for cooks,
housegirls, nursegirls. second girls. .........
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.)
MRS. M.' E. DAY Phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ........
Head waitress, water resort, $35; head wait-
ress mountain resort, $35; head waitress.
Lake Tahoe $30; IT? waitresses, different re-
sorts, $25 and $20; 8 waitresses, city, $25 and
$20; waitress, cafe, $30; 2 chambermaids, $18
and $20.. ....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....
Waitress private $30; parlor .maid and wait-
ress $25; hwuseglrl. Bclvldfre. $25; house-
girl $30: German nurse. 2 children 2 and 4
years, $25;, 2 second girls, $25; houseglrl
for ranch, $20, fare paid...
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
WANTED — i cooks, little wash, $30; 2 parlor
maids, $25: 7 second girls. $20. $25; infant's
nurse -$25; 2 nurs^clrls, $20: 4 restaurant
waitresses, $6 and $7; 2 chambermaids. S15:
restaurant cook and dishwasher. $50; kitchen
helper, resort. '$25: laundress, no shirts, $25;
also a large number of girls for all kinds
ot housework, city and country. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT &'CO., '334 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS;- WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
\ -; ' ¦ ¦ ¦ '.
S LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32%. FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS and girls to learn. Standard
Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
¦ •¦ •• tnz : v ¦:¦
WANTED— Middle-agdd woman with a girl to
assist with light housework in family of 2;
m> washing; small wages; good home. Gold-
" en Gate Pharmacy. Fillmore and Union sts.
NKAT. chambermaid, good seamstress 'anj
'waitress; wapes $20; fare paid; Nevada; best
.references. . Call 215-i. Sutter st. ... ; .
GOOD girl - to wait on table and assist with
housework. Call between 9 and 1 at 2320
Broadway. . ¦ , ¦ ¦ . .
EXPERIENCED operators ,on ladies' under-
wear. C56 Mission St., third floor. , '
KXPERIENCED operators on ladies' • over-
: skirts;: good pay.- ,,656 Mission st., third floor.
KXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
good, pay. . 65U Mission St., third floor.
IiXFERIENCED Ironer. . 650 Mission St.. third
; floor. ¦
YOUNG girl ,'to j take care , of child ; sleep out.
' 703 Geary st., 1 room 28. "
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. .WOOD &
CO. /Apply at factory, 27. Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. -WOOD &
'. CO. Apply, at factory, 27, Geary st.
GOOD operator* on .pants; steady . work. 38
;''.Geary .st. v ';.' '¦". '. '
GIRL wanted for general I housework; . wages
.- $20.,. : 1380 McAllister. St. -
WANTED— A' lady piano player for road show.
. ; MOORE. 597 - Ellis st; . v ¦ - <, -. ' '¦ ¦ '- *
GIRLr or middle-aged .woman for* llghtThouse-'
work. .Apply before 1 p. m.'lO-i Linden ave.
waiiers. city ana country ?::& to $40 and
found; IS dishwashers, city and country. $15
to $30 and found; laundry man for a email
Institution. $25 and found; cake baker
country shop. $45; 2 bakers, country shop,
bread, $40 and found; for other places call
and read our bulletin board3.'
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL cook. $45; 2 boarding-house cooks, $35
and $40 and found: second, $35 and $40 and
found: restaurant second cook, $50; inside
servant, private family, $30 and) found;
steward, country hotel, $40 and found; as-
sistant about country hcspital, $30 ) and
found; restaurant steward. $15 week; pan-
tryman. $7 week: waiter, country hotel; dish-
washer, country hotel, $30 to $35 and found.
an-1 other restaurant and hotel help. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
RANCH foreman, $50 and found; 2 ranch<
teamsters, $30 and $35 and found ; farmer
| and wife. $35 and found; driver for milk
wagon, «$o0; coachman, $30 and found:
groom, $30 and found; 3 men for vineyard
work, $25 and found : choreman. $20 and
found; 2 chcesemakers. $35 and $40 and
found; box nailers, lumber pliers, laborers
about mill. $30 and $35 and found; laborers
for mine. $2 day; drillers,' $2 25 day, free
fare; 4 teamsters, $2 day, free fare; carpen-
ters; edg-erman, $3 day, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAI-. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.. phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE...... FREE FARE
> 100 teamsters. Nevada $2 to $2 25 per day
23 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 day
CO concrete men ?2 25 per day
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBKR WOODS.
2ft sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,
$20 to $C5v month . and board.' fare advanced.
20, railroaq laborers.. S2(> per mo. and board
Cooks. dlf=hwashf>rs and waiters
FOR NEW LOGGING CAMP.
10 swampers .S3!» per month and board
3 barkers ..$40 per month and board
fi Jackscrew men $40 per month and board
. 2 chatn tenders... . . .845 per month and board
'3 head fellers. .*50 per month and board
3 second fellers $45 per month and board
8 crrmeutters $40 tn $45 p?r month
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.— 2 more
farm hards. Sonoma Co., $25; man to tnke
. rare of horses and barn on. a ranch, S2"i;
French gardener. $25; gardener, country, $25:
lunch waiter: dishwasher, S7 a week: second
. cook: kitchen hand; ranch carpenter, $30;
assistant confectioner. JMO. *
MIDDLE- APED man for'lltrht work, $15. Ap-
. Ply to MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED — A boy for this office. J. F. CROS-
ETT &¦ .CO.. 334 Sutter st. ; - VS*
WANTED — An experienced storekeeper (un-
married) .to take charge- of a small general
merchandise : store in Kern County; salary
'¦ $35 ' per month and board, with prospect of
. an Increase: utate experience had, names of
previous employers, etc. Address box 1487,
Call office. -¦ ;¦• ¦ .
WANTED — An up-to-date advertiser; one who
can carry on a campaign successfully and
j be able. to write »ds for special sales; East-
* ern man preferred: state nge and salary ex-
pected. . Box 1477, Call office. - -
A SOBER, steady man for a little cigar store;
no night or Sunday work; good paying place;
stock for wholesale price; requires $73. Per-
ticulars 257 Fourth St., cor. Folsom; cigar
factory. .' • ' <h * ¦ ¦ ¦
WANTED— First-class, baker; middle-aged or
elderly man preferred; good' position . and
rteady employment to a reliable man. 1 1520
Webster St., Alameda. - - :
STRONG boy to psck; IS to 10: $4 a week be-
ginning. < Apply. 0 o'clock, PAUL RIEGER &
. ' CO. . 141 First st/ . __ -.- y -,¦'•;¦ t
BRIGHT boy to attend store In rnllk depot and
; Keep plain ¦ accounts;- $25 and' board; sleep
:' .home. Box 1447, Call office. .
WANTED — Cash boys, at 71S Market St. S.
N. WOOD & CO. ¦- - ¦ .
WANTED--Cook, 'short-order, -" at * 2833 Green-
• xWlch st. . ¦ .¦ : -, .
YOUNG man : ' good? position ' and eteady. 538
• Washington st. .
WANTED — Ex-soldiers to file travel pay and
other claims at 630 Market st- O. E. HOWE.
A FIRST-CLASS waiter; a good place. 29
Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor for tailor-made suits;
references required. Box 1409, Call.
STEADY man for plain office work: $18 to $20
per week; must have $200. 765 Market, r. 3.
COATMAKERS; steady work: good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
PRESSER on coats; steady. work; good pay.
641 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS tailors; good pay; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st.
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady employment.
541 Market St. ,
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION and extra, pay. Write SHERWOOD,
624 Markt.; past com. Wattrous Post,G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. room 40,«Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5lh.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
• ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A. BRANCH office. for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICtttJ
Valencia st. v - '
HORSES AXP WAGONS.
JUST arrived— 20 fine work, driving^ and sad-
die horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken: come aci
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange 2*C
Third st. WM. G. LATNG, proprietor. "
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived.
reveral fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. llti>.
San . Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
WILL purchase good work horses weighing
1250 to 1400. Apply 26 Montgomery, room 14.
FOR sale — Handsome cart, seating 4. Box
4976. Call office.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur- '
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th&ValecnU.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for gale cheap. 632 Mission.
;^^^ HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houseV"tcne^7~s^nd^fa!r^cir^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
_10 Fwer place. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' - '¦
. HOUSES TO LET— FURMSHED.
MODERN house 7 roo;ns, completely and hand-
somely furnished; near Presidio; healthy and
pretty location;. $42 50; take Sacramento or
California st. car. 37 Seventh ave.
HOUSES <• WASTED.""
WANTED — By a couple with no children house
of 5 or. 6. rooms and bath with small barn.
• Telephone John 2196. ' i
go to D.J.McMasters.SB. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern ensrlnea & boilers^
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market at. /
MAGIC lanterns, new and 23 -hand moving plo
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and bcilere; second-hand machinery.
J. BURICE. 139 Beale st.
.MISCELLASKOIS WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also sreata'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S*.
WANTED — A gentle old horse, lisht wagro.n.
- harneas. for children in country: worth about
$30. Apply W. W. TYSON. 744 Fourth st.
RELIABLE party wants a few nice diamonds:
small or larse. Box 1+13. Call.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 496O. Call office.
TILTON wants "good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gooda. 154 Oth st. ; teL Jessie 2S31.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthEIectrtcalWk3.,41STurk.
MCSICAL^IXSTHVMBXTS.
A CUSTOMER can rely upon setting more for
- the money from us than any house on th »
coast, because we are satisfied with small
profits and are doing business at the smallest
possible expense. These things must -be taken
into consideration when figurine out price-t.
| We believe in selling large quantities and
. giving best quality for the least outla.) to the
I customer. We sell the Decker, Wlssner.
Baumeister and Stodard. Easy payment*
foi those who desire. Till: ZENO MAL-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
proposltiona are offered in the way of prices
- and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
ccr. Keamy and Sutter ats.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS our new building and hall is not qulto
completed we are making a cut on all ou •
pianos. Some special bargains — 1 Knabe, $98;
1 Heine $1S3: 2 Stflnways. $163: 3 Chicker-
lngs. $14*1 to $170; and .20 others. Squares. -
$15 up. Small amount down and It> « pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE T1ANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st. ¦
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
SeeoDd-hand upright pianos from $35 up.
Second-hand square pianoa from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckertng. Mason
and Hamlln. Vcse. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold .by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1850.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
st.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. -r.
SMALL upright, $35; large cabinet (rrand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 Sth St.. Ivars & Pond, acts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain: best
renting pianos in city for $3 per montn.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayea st.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; hi<h-Krade uprights.
dropped from catalogue.$250. Byuenn. 203 Post.
$170:sreat sacrifice -.almost new upright. Schmita
& Co., 10 McAllister St.. next Hlberla Bank.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON 1 3 Storage. 1710 Market st.
ELEGANT concert grand upright piano: sacri-
ficed account death In family. 1000 Van Ness.
ALMOST new large size Steinway upright Ief6_
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st. ' -¦ -
BYRON MAUZY. SOS-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs. -
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.Richard and Willy Schnutenhaua (owners)
with W. -W. -Rednall (contractor and architect)
— All work for ' one 3-story frame building
(store and 2 flats) and one 2-story frame build
ing (2 flats) on SE corner of Nineteenth and
Folsom streets, E 100 by S 25; $7865.
George B. and Mary A. Waterman (owners)
wlth-W. W. Rednall (contractor and architect —
All work for a 1^4-story and basement frame
building on E line of Stelner street, 125 N of
Green. N 35. E 118:9, S 12:6, E 8:9, S 12:6,
W 127:6: $2700. - ., . •
Same owner with Gercke & Weber (contrac
tors), architect same-^Palnting; graining, Hn
crusta. etc. for same. on same; $1540.,
Same owner with Schanz & Grundy (con
tractors), architect samo — Plumbing, tiling,
etc.; for same on same; $2300. --
Mrs. Lena Fauser (owner) with S. B. Kress
(contractor), architect H. Albert Schroepfer !
All work except plumbing, painting, mantels,
shades, gas fixtures and finish hardware for
two 3-story and part basement frame build
ings." also two 2-story and part basement frame
buildings (containing In all 10 flats) on W line
of Guerrero street, : 120 N of Fourteenth, N 60,'
W 130, S CO. E 130; $16,188.
Charles P. Johnson (owner) with Oscar Hey
man (contractor and architect) — All work for
a 5-room and bath frame cottage .on lot 190
Heyman Tract; 51000. '
Builders' Contracts.
Richard J. Montgomery to • Neal J. : McKeon,
lot • on I N '- line of Forty-first' street. ' 250 E of
West, E 30 by N 138:3, block 2089, map of Par-
¦ Mary Ann Belden (wife of E. , S.) ' to Richard
j; "Montgomery, lot' on S .line- 1 , of • Forty-third
street, 90 E of Grove, E 90.26 by S 91;25. deed
given -to correct third description In 812 D. , 445,
record : April 10, ¦¦ 1902, • between same, parties
Oakland; ?10..-- .-;? ,-;-c.:- -. ...
Alameda Savings Bank to M. Rees, lot on W.
line of Oak street.* 40 S of Clinton avenue,' a
40 by W 130,* lot 3, block A, map of Bellevue
Tract ¦ being lots 56, 57, 66 to 68, Higley survey
of -lots adjacent to Encinal, . Alameda-: $10 ,, -
¦...•Arthur, P. -and Lettle W. Holland to George
K. Holloway, lot on SW corner of Harmon and
Dana streets, >W 40 by S 115. portion of lot 23,
block B, map of University Park, near univer
sity, • Oakland : also lot on S line of Harmon
street.' 40- W of Dana, W- 40 by S 115, portions
of lots 22 and 23, same map, Oakland; $10.'.- 4 f-'-.->
Alameda County.
Solomon and Dora '- Getz, to Richard and
Louisa Ewlng, . lot .on SE line of London street.
125 NE of Persia • avenue, - NE 25 .by SE 100,
block 12, .Excelsior Homestead^ $10. ¦. ' ¦ •„ .
' Mary A. Cross to . John E. * Cross, lot"on' 4 E
line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 175 N of Q street,
N. 75 by E 120; $10. V , ;
John Curtln to Joseph Melerdierk3, lot on
SE corner of Nineteenth • avenue and O street,
S 206:9.;E 240:4, N' 219:8, W 240; $10. ¦ .
John and Ella McCulloch to Charles B.Hum
bert, lot on E line of Third avenue. 75 S of
California street. S 25 by E 82:6: $10.
m Annie M. Pctersen to Robert McMillan, lot
on E line of Forty-seventh avenue, 150 S of J
street. S 50 by. E 120; $10. •
John R. Frank to Emily C. Terry (widow).
lot r on W line of Fourth avenue, 375 N of
Clement street. N 25 by W 120; $10. . .
Cornelia- C. and George H. Powers to Marie
S. Bullard (wife of E. D.), lot on N line of
Lake street. 114 W of Seventh avenue, W 50
by N .72; $10. ¦ .
I J. C. and Pauline Rued to William P. Red
lngton, lot on SE corner of Twentieth avenue
and Lake street. E 57:6 by S 100; $10. .
Nicholas and Adelheld Wirts to Henry Buett-'
ner. lot on NW corner of Sonoma and De Haro
streets, -W 25 by N 100; $5. . . r h ¦
John and Mary Hurley to James E. and
Mary McDermott, lot on W line of Utah street
237:6 S of Marlposa, S 25 by W 100; $10. ¦ . '
-John and Sophia. Owens tt> ¦ Henry Kahn, lot
on SE line of Mission street, 105 NE of Seventh,
NE 35 by SE 85; $10.
E. B. and Mary L. Ryan to Harry Moore, lot
on SW line of Stanley place, 240:7% SE of
Harrison street, SE 34:4% by SW 120; $10.
Albert S. Wolberg to M. Levin, lot on NW
line of Folsom street, 275 NE of Seventh. NE
25 by NW- 100; $10. - :"" '.
Dorsollna and Joseph ' Cuneo ' to Maria Maa
cherinl, ¦ lot on S line of North -IVjInt street,
87 W of Hyde. W 27 by S 137:6; $10. ¦
Oscar Foss to ! William Glselman (trustee),
lot on W line of Davis street. 39 N of Oregon,
N 1 by W 45: $400.
Richard and Ellen Sinnott to American Surety
Company of New York, lot on the SE corner of
Clipper and Guerrero streets, S 143:0, "NE to
a point N jl3:3, W 150; $10. • • ,
Lisette- Jellison to Charles Lampe, lot en the
W line of Sanchez street.- 85:6 N of Twenty
flrst, N 28:0 by W 105: $10. ,
Matilda Mitchell (widow) to Martin J. and
Margaret A. McDonough. lot on the N line of
Twenty-first street, 35 feet E of Treat avenue,
E 25 by N 100: $2700. - -
¦ John A. and Ida E. Hammersmith" to- Louis
T. Queen, lot on the SE corner of Frederick
Etreet and Tremont avenue; E 30 by S 102; $10.
John H. Brunlngs to Emma C. D. Meyer, lot
on the N. line of Fell street. 53 feet W of Ma
sonic avenue, W 25 by N 100; *10. • .
Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to Cath
erine F. Larkin.. lot on the W line of Brod
erlck street, 80 feet N of Lombard, N 22:6 by
W 87:6; $10. , . . .
Bernard Kelter to' David and Louis Gold
berg, lot on the N line of Ellis street, 30 feet
E of Beldeman, E 30 by N"75; $10. -..
John W. and Kate A. Riley to Rieka Abra
hams (widow), lot on. the W line of Pierce
street, 112:8 feet S of Page, S 25 by W 100:3;
$10. ¦ ¦ \ ;. .. -. , -_
William, M. and Catherine A. Ackerson to
Charles Jacobson, lot on .the S line.- of Pine
street, 137:6 feet E of Webster. E 20:10 by S
137:6; *10» . . .
City and County of San, Francisco to Wil
liam Olson, .lot on the E line of Fillmore street,
70 feet.S of Hayes, S 46:2 by E 90: -.
Estate df Charles S. Johnson (by William B.
Pringle, admlnlctrator) to Covington Johnson,
lot on' the NW corner of Rose avenue and Oc
tavia street. N 60 by W 87:6; $10,500.
Helene. Jacob to Jeanne Jacob: lot 'on the S
line of Grove street, 80 •* eet E of Laguna,
E 25 by S 120; gift. " -•-,.,-
Sophie Gottig to Frederick Zech Jr.. let on
the N line of Pine street, 110 feet W of Gough,
W 55 by N 137:6; $10. j# .
THURSDAY, APRIL 24.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
- Ruth B. and Martin- Aronsohn -to H. H.
Theerrcann, lot on S line of Delaware street
100:8 W of Hamilton, W 70; S 134:8, to point
midway between S line of Delaware street and
N line of Bristol. E 161:4. N 35, W 93:8 N
00:9,' portion of ranges 9 and 10 'map Hardy
Tract, Berkeley; $10. , ..... : .
Riley D. and Ida B. Winters (wife) to J. S.
Myers (single), lot on NW corner of Four
teenth and Harrison streets. N 206 W 150 S
103. E 110, S 103. E 40, Oakland; $10.
J. S. Myers (single) to R. D, Winters, lot on
W line cf Grove street. 116 S of Locust. W 100.
N C. W 66/ S 106. W 18, 'S 14:4»$, E 100, N
14:4%. E 84, N 100, lot 12, and portion >lot3
7 and 11, block R, map Kelsey Tract, being
also portion lots 50 and 51, map Tuttle Home
stead Tract, : Oakland ; $10.
Alex Murdoek to John A. Gerow. lot on E
line of Center street, 225 N of B. N 23 by E
133, subdivision B, lot 3, block 796, map No. 2,
Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
Lizzie S. BordweH (widow) to Frank V.
Boriiwell and Georgia F. Houston (both single),
lot on NE line of Buena Vista avenue, 140 NW
of Everett street, NW 40 by NE 150, block E.
map of Alameda Station Homestead Tract. Ala
meda: $10.
Mary La Plant (widow) to. Alexander La
Plant, lot on E line of Oak street. 600 S of
Clinton avenue. B. 81:07%, S 10. W 81.02%.
N"10,- portion of block 55, map town of En
cinal and lands adjacent, Alameda; $10. - *
Alexander La Plant to Eurilla La Plant
(wife), same; gift. : * , ; .
William Hammond Jr. (single) to James B.
Watson Jr. (married), lot on S line of Hatght
avenue. 237 W of Ninth or McPherson street.
W 30 by S 125, portion of .Aughlnbaugb. 223
acre Tract, Alameda i $10. • • \
Charles and Margaret Greene and Jeremiah
F.. Sullivan (by Albert 1..' Black, commissioner)
to Oakland Bank of Savings, lot on SW line of
East . Twenty-second street. 419:8*4 SE of
Twenty-fourth avenue. SE 35 by SW 115, por
tion of lot 7, block. N, map of subdivision 50,
Associates Tract, East Oakland; $1373. ¦• '
Oakland Bank of Savings to William J. and
Flora C Parker (wife), same. East Oakland;
$10. .
William B. : and Lottie E.. Mayhew to Anson
S. Blake, lots 13 and 14, Map College Tract,
subject to mortgage of $2500, Berkeley; $10-. ¦
Anita. S. and Anson S. Blake (and as attor
ney) to George Schmidt, same. Berkeley; $10. •
Ellen and William A. Hastings to Hannah
B. Woolmington, lot on N line of Princ* street,
50 E of Harper. N 111.00, W 40. S 114,97,. por
tion of lots 4 and 5. block 7, map subdivision
block 7, Central Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Cary A. and Edward H. Drisgs to Mary E.
and Harvey M. Waterbury. lot on N line of
Center street. 523 W of Shattuck avenue, W 50
by N 134.62, block 1, subdivision map block
1. Shattuck Tract. N portion of plat 68. Berke
ley $10. • . ' ' *•
Annie Bond (widow) to Mary Bond (single).
1.5S acres . beginning at a point on boundary
line between Rhoda and Relchert tracts at In
tersections by N line of county road, : survey
No. 1854, on course 10. thence along N line
of said road survey. . NE 488.36, NW along
course 11 of said road survey . 315 to- said
boundary line between said Rhoda and Relch
ert Tracts, SW 448.66 to* beginning: also .88 of
im acre beginning - at most E corner abort
described tract, thence SW 483.30 to SE line
of F. Rhoda,^ SW 22.06 to N side of county
road as now traveled, SE 685:8. NW 151:4
to beginning, Brooklyn Township; $925. -
Mollie C. and R. J. Richmond. William
Clark, W. B.* Hodges. Anson and Mrs. Anson
Hilton and E. J. Dubbs (by Albert L. Black,
commissioner), to Oakland Building and Loan
Association, lot on SW line of Orange street.
226:1 SE of Orchard avenue, SE 50 by SW
150, being a portion of lots 09 to 71. Map
Marion Tract, Brooklyn Township; $934. ¦'.,
Syndicate Investment ! Company to William
and I Annie Long (wife), lot on SW line of
Washington street. 50 SE of Tevls, SE 25 by
SW 105. lot 3. block 769, Map Syndicate In
vestment' Company's subdivision blocks ,751 to
754, 769 and 770, Levy and Lane Tracts, JFrult
vale. Brooklyn Township: $10. i -
Joseph H. Butler to John .W. and Ella T.
Butler and Agnes J. Park (Butler), all interest
In the following: Beginning at S corner of
block 2 thence NE along SE line of said block
105:5 by NW 140:2, lots T to 10.' said block 2.
map part Hays and Caperton property surveyed
by Alfred Bannister, warranty deed, Alameda;
$904. ¦¦—¦¦-¦
Rose Gardner Copp to Alameda Land Com
pany (corporation), lot- on N line of Pacific
avenue, • 200 . E of Chestnut street. E 50. by N
150:2 lot 5, block 4. map of land adjacent to
Enciiial, Alameda (subject to 567 M. 470 for
$2000); $75.
John R. Glascock to Mary D. Potter (widow),
lot on W line of Jackson street, 25 S of Seventh,
S 48:7% by W 75, block 62. Kellersberger's
map,. Oakland; $10. '• * , *
Joseph Folcta (single) to Alexander Murdoek
(single), lot on E line ofc Center street. 225 N
of B, N 25 by E 133 being subdivision B of
lot 3, map No. 2. Watts- Tract. Oakland; $10.
• John F. Steer to Helena S. Spuller (wife of
L. J.), lot 15. block I, map of Golden Gate
Tract, Oakland: gift. •
- W. A. Rouse to Carrie E. Rouse (wife), lot
beginning at a point on SW corner of Shattuck
avenue. W 75.90 along College way, S 39.90.
E 93.05. N 40. Berkeley (further described as
lot 16, block 1, map of Sea View Park); gift.
David Solomon Cahen (single) to Evelyn A.
Ratcliff (wife of W. H.). lot on N line of Uni
versity avenue. 70 E of Louisa street; E 105,
N 114.68, W 105, S 114.68. lots 26 to 28, map
of College Tract, Berkeley; $10. - . i
\ Euphemia E. Poulsen (wife of C. N.) to Oc
tavlus H. Hull and Gecrge H. Lee, lots 31 and
32, block G. map of-Melrose Station Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.' -.
Octavius H. Hull and Charles F. Lee to
Charles Peterson, lots 13 and 14. block C, map
of Daly Tract, Brooklyn Township; $336.
Same to Euphemia E. -Paulson, lots 11 and
12, block C, same ! map ; $364. . •
¦ Elizabeth Woodward ; (by Albert L. Black,
commissioner) to Oakland Building 1 and Loan
Association, lot on E line of' Salera street, 200
N of Forty-third. N 50 by. E 130, lot 5, block
2, map of subdivision of portion of plat 6,' Kel
lersberger's survey of Rancho V. and D. Per
alta, Oakland; $400. «': .¦ *
• Dudley C. and Mary Louise Bates to I.' • J.
Truman, lot on N line of East- Seventeenth
street, 135 W of Twenty-fourth avenue, W 37:6
by N 150, being E half of. lot 5, block J, map
of subdivision 50, Associates Tract, East Oak
land;. % . - . • • . .: '. .v
¦ United ' States Fidelity , and Guaranty Com
pany, to Nicholas McCabe, lots 33 and 34. block
480. 25 feet on Filbert street by W 123, Oak
land; $10. -¦ . •
adise plat, Oakland ; also lot • on S line of
Torty-second street, 210 E of .West, E 60 by S
137:7%, block 2089. same map, Oakland; also
lot on S line of Forty-third street, 80 E of
Grove, E 90.28 by S S1.25, Oakland; $10. ;.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, j\PEIL 25, 1902.
13
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements • and
subscriptions has been established at" 1096
. Valencia st. < •
HAlGrfT and Fillmore rts., northwest corner;
transfer point: 150x137:6. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.-
$5500 — SACRIFICE: nice flats; well rented;
choice location; Mission. Owner, box 1440,
Call office. . .
JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. ; • ¦ .
Property Bought and Sold,
Rents Collected^ . •¦ ¦
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room 22,
Chronicle building.
FIFTY lots in the tide lands In the city and
.county of San - Francisco, belonging to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on March
21 ; the time for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court has been set for April 2S.
at 2 o'clock p. m.. in Department 9; any per-
son' may appear In court on that day and
overbid the purchasers; the highest bidder. If
the price is ' satisfactory to the court, will
secure the property. For 'other property of
the estate for sale same day see "Country
Real Estate" and "Financial" columns of
this paper. For all ' Information, apply to
RJ£J^E£rATE--CITY — FOB^JIALB.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-(»2^2aminerblg
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
-On First and Second Mortgages
....Cr. Life Interest* in Kttates. .......
Property Being Held in Trust
"*s Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-C02 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
undivided Interest in real e&tate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
i R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5'£ and t> per cent in 6ums to cult;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
. -«eeond mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 0 per cent; first,
second ana third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 10
lft floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary ft.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
loweet rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market ft..- tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St.. room 38.
ANT amount en furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
-26 Montgomery st.. room 7. o;;p. Lick House.
,^'l'RIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, planes: no removal; low rates; conflden-
tlaL WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO. .......143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
.lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$IP UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. 5th Hr.
S% ON furniture & pianos--; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 4t, Merchants' Exc, 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
milt; interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note -without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
ftrictiy private. LICK. 116 McAllister Bt.
IF you .want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. P.UDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
flan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MATRIMONIAL.
i.IARRIAGE~bureau: est. 18S7; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILJLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
Etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
«.; tel. Bush 421.
Bra«s, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J. F. Hotter.712 Mission .-tel.Maln 730.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRDCKELS building. 927 Market st.—
Light, cheerful offices. $15@25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
LOFT for rent, 40x65 feet, for light manufac-
turing: purposes: with water; $16 month.
WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth et.
ETORE with large basement, below Kearny: aU
teration» to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
J OIL. '
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. in rood order; all sizes;
cnoap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
PAISTEHS AXD DECORATORS.
FIRST --CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE, 64O G. G. ave.; tel. Polk 14^3.
jj PALMISTRY.
Mrs. E. "Pearce. scientific business palmist, re-
moved to 104 Turk, r. 28: 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.;
iiorcticopes cast by mall. $1 : palmistry taught.
J!ME. G. L. NEEHGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Pott Ft., corner of Junes; phcn» Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. B15
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post.teLBlack 501.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
»15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other salts on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
EC, between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED— Address of MRS. ANN DOWLING.
late of 15<W Mason St., San Francisco. Any
perron knowing address kindly forward same
~^T*-> W. OGLE. G. P. O.. Sydney. New South
" Wales, Australia. .
4— HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
p&y. The Bohemian Specialist, 131 Post st.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bug and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office. 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
THE public are hereby warned that C. H.
SSOONEY hai no authority to represent us in
any transaction. American Guaranty Com-
pany. Chicago.
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, make* colored- shirts to order; $1 each;
eanae as white Ehirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c; hair dried by electric drier &. dressed
in 30 mm. Misg A-V.Dayle.17C2 Mkt, op. 10th.
Electrolytic reznovsl of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guarante«d. Miss C.Dudley,1702 Market.
FREE treatments facial massage, using FAN-
NT BRIGGS CARR (Los Angeles) face prep-
arations. LEDERER'S, 123 Stockton st.
WANTED — Lady partner with $3000 in long-
establi£hed business; object, matrimony.
Addrccs 343 F. O. B.. San Jose, CaL
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trouFers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
tailor. 721 Market st.'
MONEY loaned et low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls end precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St.
WHITE enamel iron beds, elngle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near. Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
I MAKE first-class wigs and front pieces;
f hairdr^csing, 25c: shampooing. 50c; manicur-
! ing 25c G. LEDKRER. 123 Stockton St.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous. hair
end moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton. 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE, German specialist, removed from
HO Geary to 101 Eddy st.. corner Ma*on.
Mrs. Brigg* — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 171& Buchanan; tel. West 259.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
, rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country ordert.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, bot air
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mru.Traverse.ll'O Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggist*.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH- ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. AH druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best com cure. 25c: all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Cell. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Ptates or Canada one year for $1.
$5500 — MUST be sold; $3000 cash only; Tents
$60. Apply 2G23 Sutter st.. near Lyon.
$1250 — MISSION cottage and lot. THE . MC-
CARTHY CO.. 648 Market st.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip Or-
phanage, at 520 Lake st., San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half orphan
girls, from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1002: Hazel W.
West, 6 yr*. ; Daisy Rood. 11 yrs.: Elsie M.
Moggride, 2 yrs. 6 mos.: Blanche M. Wilson,
« yrs.; Erol Goldstein, 10 yrs. ; Hazel I. Wolfe,
12 yre.; LouiEa B. Loeser, 0 yrs.; Hattie H.
Neindeck, 10 yrs.; Juanlta Tomlinson, '•• 12
yrs. ; Evelyn Raymaud, 7 yrs. • '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 .Turk — Sunny . front : roonis ;
electric lights; bot and cold water: modern:
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA.- 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
- family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN ,KESS, 519— Handsome. . furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS. «07— To a. refined couple; -large
sunny parlor, with board, ¦ In private home.
VAN NESS ave.. 915— Sunny rooms; excellent
beard; $45 and $10;, also a suite. :
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year, for $1.
HAARS— KENNETT— In thia city, April . 21,
l»02,at the Methodist Episcopal Church, by
the Rev. Dr. John A. B. -Wilson, Charles J.
Haars and Ella J. " Kennett, - both of San
Francisco. - — — ... - .. v .
JACOBI— JACOBSON — In this city, April 20,
1002, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Samuel Ja-
cobl and:Ml£non Jacobson. ... 5
KROBITZSCH — BARNARD*— In this city,
¦April 23, 1U02, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal,
Rudolph W. Krobitzsch and 1 Lillian A. Bar-
nard. ¦• ¦ • ¦ . . - .':,• •".. ., -
MARTINEZ— SPARKS— In this city, April 24,
1002,- by the Rev. ¦ Father Casey, Rafael; E.
Martinez and Rose A. Sparks.-
MOSS— KEESING— In this city. April 20, 1902.
4 by Rabbi Isidore , Myers, Sidney Moss and
Julia Keeslns. • ' . - •
REES— LUNDQUIST — In this city, April 15.
1.002. by the Rev. Paul Branke, Harry Ree3
and Auzusta Ch., Lundqulst, •, both of San
Francisco. . ' ., ¦ ' ;.'...
VAN ORDEN— LEWIN— In this city, April 23.
1902, by the Rev. Dr. Woods, Dr. George N."
Van Orden and Elisabeth Isabel Lewln, both
of San Francisco.- ';.:.. ' :-...: ...
VOERCKEL— COBURN — In this city, April 10,
1002, by the Rev. Paul Branke. George .S.
Voerckel and Grace' Coburn, both- of San
(Francisco. ' ¦ "' '¦• ¦ '¦
WEISE— SANDERSON— In : this city. April 24,
1D02, . by the Rev. Dr.' John A. ,B. Wilson,
Frederick A. Weise arid Emma Julia Sander-
¦ son, both of San Francisco.
WILLGEROTH — NEWSOME— In this city.
April 20, 1902, by the, Rev. Herman Gehrcke.
Einll .Frank WlHseroth and Velma .. Belle
Newsome.v both of San Francisco.: • ;•-
WILLIAMS— DEIMER— In this city. April 23 '
1902. by the Rev. S. M. Woodward, pastor
of the Potrero M. E. Church. Edmund AVil-
1 lams and Rachel E. .' Deimer, . both of San
Francisco. " ;
MAERIED.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10 :- tel. 5SS0.
ALL kinds bough*, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
-lowest rates; phone Howard 3264.- 145 Sixth.
ALL. kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
BEAUTIFUL mountain ranch and home of 160
acres; 10 acres In vineyard, orchard; 5-room
cottage completely furnished; barns, wagon
and Implements: abundance of water and
most picturesque retreat in the State; 60
miles from city. Apply F. W. MYER, .1453
Devisadero St., city.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
FOR sale — $1000: cozy little borne, 3',£ miles
frDm town. Mountain View; 9.60 acres: new
4-room house; all necessary outbuildings;
good well, Co feet bricked up; 400 French
prunes. SO Imperial prunes, 2 years old; all
front and within *4 mile from school. Ad-
dress owner. W. W. TYSON. 744 Fourth
St., city.
ROOMS WANTED,
3OH4 partly f urnlshsd rooms ; OaklaVid~or
suburban; sta te. price. ' Box 1429, .Call, office.
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain View, Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on March
22 in nineteen subdivisions: the time for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior Court has
been set for April 28. at 2 o'clock, p. m., in
Department 9; any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers:
the highest bidder, if the price Is satisfactory
to the court, will secure the property. For
other property of the estate for sale same
day. see "City Real Estate" and "Financial"
columns of this paper. For all information,
apply to McGLYNN & MENTON,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room
22. Chronicle building.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.,' 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at . cut rates.- ' '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard' 941. -F. W.- ZEHFUSS.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving I Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main. 6713.
STORAGE AXH WAREHOUSES.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITER&^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
FOR Bale — 160 acres In Sonoma Co.. suitable
for orchard or vineyard: 'plenty of wood and
water. Address box 1412, Call office.
A SNAP — Finest country home in San .Mateo
County; 23 acres of beautiful grounds; ele-
gant residence, barns, etc.; '4 mile from sta-
Ucn; 2d miles from city; 2<5 daily trains.
GEO. W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
600 ACRES at a bargain: fine land; no adobe:
oak trees; -very best of improvements; good
trater rupply; adjoining railroad station; 12
trains each way dally; just the place to sub-
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. for
pamphlets and information; .
TYPETVRITiy G AND MI.MEOGR APHIXG.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2c: mim-
eographing. 927 Market, rm. 301; Jessie 1564.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 927 Mkt. r.-208.
A ROAD house in running order for sale cheap
or exchange. Inquire on premises, San Lean-
dro road, corner Yoakum' ave. •
CHOICE country lands for eale. Land Dept.,
AmerlcanGuaranty&Trust Co.. Hayward bldg.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept.. American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
jaropertles. eee WOOSTER. WHITTON "»
MONTGOMERY. €34 Market. S. F.. & San J.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States -or Canada one year for $1.
TO holders of ' mortgage bonds of \he Market
Street Cable Railway, Park and Ocean Rail-
road, Omnibus Cable, Powell Streef>Rallway.
Park and Cliff House Railway. Ferries, and
CllfC House. Railway, Market Street Railway
and Sutter Street Railway Companies: '
Notice Is hereby given that interest coupons
' of mortgage bonds of the above-mentioned
. companies will be paid hereafter at the office
of the treasurer of the United Railroads -of
Ean Francisco, room 90, Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express building, 49 Second St., San .Fran-
cisco. GEO. B. WILLCUTT,
Secretary United Railroads of San Francisco.
DIVIDEND NOTICES
PROPOSALS.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ROSS VALLEY— 10- room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1: rent $60 per
month. J. TTJNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
»^750— FINE new house of 7 "rooms, ¦* "bed-
roonte, gas, etc. ; only 350 feet from electric
It. R. and near the U. C. grounds; lot 50x
156. JOS. J. MASON, real estate, Berkeley
station.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley-
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Mate-
rial Men: Notice is hereby given to all eon-
cerned that scaled proposals or bids are (solic-
ited for performing the labor and furnishing
the materials necessary to the erection of an
• addition . to the Bacon Art Gallery, and - Li-
brary . Building on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley. Alameda
County, and said bids or proposals will l>«
received at room 19, ninth floor. Mills build-
ing. San Francisco, at or before 3 o'clock
p. m. of the 30th of April. 1002. And notice
is hereby further given- that- the plans and
specifications of said -building have beei-
made and adopted and are placed -In the of-
fice of the secretary of the Board of Regents
V room HJ. South Hall. Berkeley, .Cal., where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until said 30th day of
April, 1902. . No bld3 or proposals will b.>
considered unless the same are accomiiani»d
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten -(10) per cent of- his pro-
posal, with- sufficient sureties. condttion»il
that if said bid or -. oroposal shall be ac-
cepted / the . party, proposing will duly enter
Into a proper contract to faithfully perform tha
duty and obligations in accordance with 'said
proposal and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of, such contract. The right to < reject any
and all bids Is hereby reserved. This notice
is given pursuant to an act entitled "Ka
act to amend an act entitled "An act to cre-
ate, and onranize the University of Califor-
nia,' BDDroved March- 25. .1868, and an act
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1872, relating to the construction
of buildlnsrs," approved March 3, 189T. By
order of the Committee on Ground* and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
A BUANCII office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st. y .
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage-
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New. Mont-
gomery Bt., San Francisco, Cal., April 2"3,
1902. — Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will
be receved at . this office until 10 o'clock a.
m., Thursday, May 8, 1902, Pacific standard
, time, and then opened, for furnishing Waist
Belts, " Woolen . Stockings and Scrubbing
Brushes. Quantities to be subject to 50 per
- cent Increase -if desired by this department.
.Bids will be opened for the delivery of the
-same— article* ..at. either the San Francisco,'
Boston, Chicago and Philadelphia depots.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the, ( articles tc- be furnished bid-
ders will carerully examine the standard
samples and specifications, so that proposals
may be submitted by them with . a full
knowledge of what will be required, "as an
absolute compliance with the shandards and
specifications will be insisted upon in the
inf-pection of the goods. Unguaranteed bids,
bids upon samples .differing from
standards and specifications will under no
circumstances be entertained. Proposals for
less quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids for delivery or Inspection
at other points than those named, above will
not be considered. Tariy deliveries arc es-
sential. Bidders must state in their pro-
posals the rate And time of delivery should
contract be awarded ti them. The articles
advertised for are the same for which bids
will be opened at the other depots. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including In
.the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon) and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of. the. con-
sumption' required by the public service-
there. The United States reserves the. right
to accept or reject any or all propdsals or
ar.y part thereof. Information .and blanks
for proposals will be furnished . on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
indorsed "Proposals No 3344." and • ad-
dressed to Major. C.~.P. MILLER. Quarter-
master. U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors^estimate free- 209 Sansome.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11. o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 547 Castro street.
HUPERS— In .this city, April 24. 1902, Joseph-
ine Hunera, dearly beloved mother of Cres-
ence and Ermanilde , Huoers. and sister of
" nobert Tlttel and Mr«. C. Stureea, a native
of San Francisco, aged 41 years and 10 daj-s.
CyRemains at the parlors of - Porter &
White, 122 Eddy street. Notice of funeral
hereafter. .... . . . .
JACOBSEN— In Alameda, April 24, 1902, Mrs.
. Maria Dorothea Jacob3en. widow of Ferdi-
nand Jacobsen, and aunt of Henry and Lll-
. lie. .Dahl. -Mrs.' J. H. Sandkamp and Mrs.
Charles F. Usinger, a native of Schleawlg-
¦ llolatetn, Germany, aged 8.1 years S months
ana 10 days. ' .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. April 27. at 1:30 o'clock, at her late
residence, 537. Palace court, between Fifth
nnd Sixth , streets, ' Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. . .
KELLEY— In ' this city, April 24. 1902. James
' Joseph Kelley, a native of Londonderry. Ire-
land, aged 64 years .1 months and 7 days.
IHTRemalns f.V the funeral parlors of
James McQlnn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
KEARNY— In this city. April 24, 1902, Ann
Kcarny, a'native of Ireland.ased 79 years.
LANGFORD— In Denver. Colo., April 20, 1902,
James W.. husband of Elizabeth Langford.
' and father . of l^oulfc Lansrford. a native oi
Quincy. Mass.. ased 42 years.
LARSON— In this city. April 24. 1002. James
Larson/ r. native of Denmark, aired C2 years.
LKVAN — Entered Into rest, in this city, April
24, 1902. Melissa Gilpin Levan. beloved sis-
ter oi Mrs. Katie McDuffie, Mrs. Susie Glas-
cott, Mrs. H. Davidson and- Z. T. Gilpin,
aged 59 years 2 months and 10 days.'.
tC5" Notice of funeral hereafter. , ¦•
LITTLE— In this city,. April? 24. '1002," Wll-
l!am H. Little. -beloved husband of • the late
Maria Little.. and father of, the late William
£7"The funeral - will place to-day
(Friday), at 8;30 q'qlock, from his late resi-
. dence,,- 12i> Duncan street, thence . to St.
' Paul's .Church, where a solcnjn . requiem
mass will be ¦ celebrated for. the repose of his
eoul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
private. . -,- ' ¦ , .". . -. ,. ' j
HOLLAND^-In this city. April 22, 1902, Lou-
isa Caroline.- dearly beloved wife of Daniel
Holland.' dearly beloved mother of Queenie,
Flora,- Herbert. Jes«ie, Gertrude. /Alice and
May Holland, Mrs. E. M. Connolly and Mrs.
E. ¦> M. Elef elder, • and slater of Mrs. Henry
Luke. ¦ a native of England, . aged 53 years
and S months. •- .
C7"The , funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of Carew & Knclish.. 29 .Van Ness avenufi,
thence to St. James Church, Twenty-second
and Guerrero streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing • at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.*. / ;
HARRINGTON— In .thU city, April 24, .1902,
John T..' beloved son- of- Catherine, and the
late Dennis Harrington, father of - Florence
Harrington, and brother of Matthew and the
late James Harrington and the late Mrs. L.
Vejlna, a native of Grass Valley. Cal., aged
33 years and 4 months.. '. . .
HOLLAND— In this. city, April 23, 1902,- John,
beloved husband of the late Ellen Holland,
¦ and father of' Mrs.- Josephine Mockler, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged (54 • years.
C?" Friends -an^, acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
April 25, 1002, from his late residence. 1510
Dupont street, '.; between Union- and Filbert,
thence to Masonic Temple, Montgomery and
Post st«ets. . Interment Italian Cemetery. .
GARGAN— In Los Angeles, April 22, 1002,
: Theresa V., . dearly beloved daughter .of the
1 late Murty and Catherine Gargan, and sla-
ter of Edward Gargan, Mrs. J. F. Ring.
Mrs. M. G. Buckley and Mrs. William Dee-
ney, of Half moon Bay, San Mateu
County, aged -33 'years and 3 months. -
E7"Kriends- and acquaintances are respect-
,fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 27, 1002, at 10 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the ' ©olden Gate Under-
taking - Company, 2475.' Mission street, near
.Twenty-first. Interment Cypress . . Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage. . .
CULLOM— In this, city, April 23, 1902, Berr
nard J., husband of Margaret Cullom, father
. of Raymond Cullom, and son of the late Ann
¦ CuUoir.. a native of Plumas County, Cai.,
ng«Ml 08 years 1 month and 23 days.
EDWARDS— In Santiago, Chile. April 20, 1902,
! ; Isabel E.- Atherton, wife of the late Enrique
.'Edwards Esq., and daughter of the late
'Karon 'Dean and Dominga G. Atherton.- •
ERTOLA— In tblss,.piiy. -.April 1 22. . 19O2..»Giu-
.seppe ,Ertola,. beloved busband of Josephine
Krtola, and beloved father of Arnold, TSllea-
¦ nor and* Euphrosyne Krtola, a native of
Italy, aged 35 years. - ' ". ' '¦ •
AERNI-=-In this city. April 24. 1902, George
Aernl, a 'native of Swltxerland, aged- 38
years 3 months and 11 days. A member of
Swiss Mutual Benevolent Society and San
Francisco GrutH Vereln.
in?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SunVjay,
April 27, at 10 o'clock, from the funeral*par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks. 907 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. . . .
BARMAN— In this city. April 24.. 1902, Carrie,
beloved; wife of Jacob Barman, a native of
Rou mania, aped 38 years.
BENSON— In this city, April 24, 1902, Olaf
Caver Benson, beloved son ¦ of Mrs. Odlno
Arnesen, stepson of H. B. Arnesen, and
. brother of Gunhtld Benson and Oscar Arne-
sen, a, native of San Francisco, aged 0 ycara
3 months and 5 days. . ¦ . .
BOLAND— In Emeryville, April 23, 1002. Mich-
ael C. dearly beloved husband of the late
. Ellie Boland, and father of Denny J. and
Margaret. Boland and Mrs. J. F. McCarthy,
a native of Kilrush, Ireland, aged 60 years.
COSTELLO — In this city, April 24, 1002, Mrs.
.John Costello (Mrs. K. -CV. Terry), wife of
. John Costello. beloved mother of F. E.
Terry, and grandmother of F. K., Albert M..-
James, Ed H.. Mabel and Callie Terry and
Mrs. Fred Hansen, a native of New York,
a^ed 73 years.
I-angford, James W.
Larson, James . -
Levan, Melissa G.
AVinders. Margaret
Wucherer, Margar-
ethe > ¦ . ¦ -
Kelley. James J
Kearnv. Ann
Tyler, Annie B.
"Waltpn. James W.
DIED.
Aernl. George Little, William H.
¦Barman, Carrie ' Lusk, Jennie M.
Benson, Olaf C. Lyons, Annie G. '
Boland. Michael C. McCarthy. Callaghan
Costello, Mrs. John Macdonald, Archi- ¦
Cullom. Bernard J. - bald C.
Edwards, Isabel E. . Mighell. Frank E.
Krtola. Giuseppe. Nedderman, Henry -
Gargan, Theresa' V." . O'Connell, Mary A. '
Harrington, John.T. O'Day, : Frank
Holland. John Piaggio, Nicola
Holland, Louisa C. • Solomon,' Lotte .'
Hupers, ' Josephine \ Spragg, • Emma -• • : -
Jacobsen. Mrs. Maria Stahn, Carl
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 23, 1002.— Sealed
proyosale. In triplicate, .will be received hero
until 11' o'clock a. m. Friday, May 23 1002
and then opened, for construction of Iron
Wharf at Angel. Island, ; Cal.,- and also Iron
Wharf at Fort Baker. Lime ; Point, Cnl.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids In whole or in part
Preference given to articles of. domestic
production, conditions of price and quality
(lncludlnf In the prtc« of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference, given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast to
extent of consumption required by the pub-
lic service there. Information furnished on
application to D. D. WHEELER. Deputy
Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M. ¦
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. ' -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.-.
' •¦ Telephone South 80.. "'-. '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OX and after this date I will not be responsible
for any debts contracted by my wife MRS
ANNIE BOWLES, she. having left -my bed
and board without ¦- Just cause. CHAS
BOWLES. , ..
LEGAL
NEAREST THE CTTY.
Mt. Olivet
Office, 916 Market Street.
¦ . ; ' ¦ Telephons •' Bu»h .367. .' . , ' •
POST, 975— Neatly furnished 1 rooms;': double
parlor or single rooms; bath; private.
O'FARRELL. 426, , near Jones— House Just
. changed hands; nev/ly renovated; reasonable.
:• -¦ 27 and 2D Fi f th St. Tel. South M7 3.
fTJNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMERS.
finest Equlpsaml ;__t; >fodewt«e ¦ Rs^tesk ,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
O'FARRELL, 20-=-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. . week. ; mo.
DR. J. W. EEELEY. 207 Powell «L — Specialist
for lnsajilty. ¦ fevers and rheumatism; also for
epllepey, pneumonia and eexual dleeasee. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and , residence,
Ittlli Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. -
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
r.o operatlcn. no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consui-
. taiion free. Drs. Forden & tPorterfleld. 6 Turk.
PUVSICIANS . AJiD SURGEONS.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms In a first-
class family hotel. - Address L. . H. C. 20
Montgomery Bt., room 14. , • ,
-•'Samuel McFadden. 18 "years manager for
theUnlted Undertakers'' Association; M. J;
McBrearty.* with the same company for 10
years; P.- F. Green," late with J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., have, opened new Funeral Par-
lors at- 1171' Mission- St., between - Seventh
and Eighth. 'Telephone South 44.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommoduted.
ELLIS, ¦ 321 ¦ (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, • 35c
Jfl 50 night; $1 fiO. $C week; open all night.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
Manuel B. Gonzales, 42, 1218 Point Lobos
avenue, and May ' V. Schult. - 20, ' 121S \ Point
Lobes avenue. ¦
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: • ¦¦ .¦ :-._• ' ... - : .
Gastav Meyer, .TO. 352 Shotwell street, and
Minna Krel, 24, Hamburg, Germany.
William E. Dodd, 30, city, and Clara C
Gertz, 20, city. .. . - -
Francis H.' Tamblyn, 23, 20; Laurel "place
and Katharine Morrison, 21. 20 Laurel place
¦ Frank B. Thayer, . Boston/ Mass., -and
Martha Hauft, 19, Boston, Mass. . : . ,
Carl Larsen, 32. 7-iO. Fourth etreet, and Etta
Fulton, ao, 740. Fourth -street. 7~y \
• Charles J. - Johnsen, 34, :. 536 ¦ Castro street,
and. Dorthea Pedersen, .18. city.",. r>O ;¦*>-
Jean Bulhl, 30, city, and Jeanne Fourcade.
26. city. ' •
M AERI AGE LICENSES.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nisHed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day.
week or month; bath; phone. S32 Stockton.
A-VENDOME, 1104 Market-Changed hands ;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. w; Miller.
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary-
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
AT Grand Southern, 7th and MigsionVChanged
hands; KjO rooms nev/ly renovated; 50i: to
$1 50 night; $2 to ?7 week; parlor; elevator.
' RAILWAY TBAVEL.
tfar^r-v^- FollOW
JB the ;;
And Trayel via the
WabashLine
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points. ¦
ROSS C. CLINE, P. C. P. : Agt, Lo» An-
geles. Cal. v. .-.-; - . . . r .
C. S. CRANE. G. P. Agt. 8t. Lpuls. Mo.
hUBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. ' Via- Sansallto- Kerry,
¦ . Commencing September 2tt, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 8:30. »»:30. 11:00 a. m
•1:45, 3:15 4:15, 5:15. *ii:15, C:45 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at l):3Q'and 11:40 d.' m. ' - . ;-,-
SUNDAYS— *3:00. 0:00, nO:©©, •11:30 a. m.
•1:15, 3:15, •4:45,' tt:30, 0:30 p. m. -
Trains marked (•) run to San Qu6ntln. "
prom san Rafael, to san francisco.
• week days — •5:25,0:27, 7:45, 8:33 10:13
¦ -m., •12:25. 2:15. »3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p -m,
EXTRA -TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m.
«:15, •8:00,.no:00, •11:45 a. ra..
•1:40, •3:15.4:45. »6:30 p. m.. . *
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK -DATS^-5:45.- 6:45.- 7:55. '8:55, ifr.36
a.' m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 6:1O p. m. - :
. EXTRA TRIPS ' on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
/SUNDAYS— 8:05, ,10:05 a. m.. 12;05, 2;is
3:30, 6:00, 0:45 p. mj . ., '
. . THROUOH TRAINS. . ,
'0:55 a-'-m. -week days— Cazadero and way
stations.' ' ¦ '¦ ¦'" .'.-¦ .- ¦ . -•
, 1:45 p.- m. Saturdays.— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ~ . . ¦ > • ; -:¦
-; 8:00 a. v "tn.' Sundays — Duncan Mills and wa'si
stations. .• ' .
, Fairfax, -Sundays— 8:00, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30
a.- m;, ;.'¦' '¦.¦:. - ..' . , .. ; ¦ . . • .
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. " / - .,,¦¦»"
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; ?1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night'.
ARGYLL Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward: rates by week or
month: McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached.
HOO3IS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
BAILWAY TBAVSL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
: Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street ) .
'uatx — F»om Araii. 20. 1902. — inn*
7.0tU Benlcia, Suisun, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento ...... ... ••.»•• o-55p
7.00a VactTllle, Winter*, RumseT. 7.55f
, 7.30a Martinez, ' San Kamon, Vallejo,
« . Xupa, CaLUtoga. Santa Rosa...:.. 625?
. 8.00a Darts, Woodland, Knights Landing,
/- Marysvllle. OroTlUe 7-55*
S.00a Atlantic Express— ORden and East. 8.25 a
8.00a Xiles, Luthrop, Stockton 7.25 P
8.00a Xlles. Mendota, Hanford, Vis Jlla,
Portervlll* : ,— ..i 4-55>
8.30a Shasta Express— Davis, William!
(for Bartlett Springs),' Willows,
. Red Bluff, Portland 7.55?
! 8-30a Ssn Jose, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. PUcerviile, -
MarysTille, CWco. Red Bluff 4.25f
8.30a O«kdale.Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25r
; B.OOa Vallejo.. 12.25?
f.QOA Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
i Tracy, Lathrop.s tockton^Merc«d. .
¦¦¦ Kaymond.Fretno and Los Angeles 8-25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 755?
ti 0.00a Hayward, Nlles and War Stations. t12-55r
, 10-00 a The Overland Limited — Ogd en,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago......... 5.25P
tl.OOP Sacramento River Steamers tll.OQr
S.OOr Benicia, Winters, Sacramento.
- • ¦ '¦ Woodland. Knights Landing, * -
Maryrrllle. OroriUe 10.55a
330? Hayward, Niles and Way Stations.. 7-557
4- OOr Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,Xapa,
• ¦- Cali»to?a. Santa Rosa / 925*
4.00* Nllei, LlTermore. Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
430p Haywant.Xiles.SanJose.Llvennare 13.55a
4-30p The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Saagas far Santa
" ¦ Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
5. 00p FortCosta.Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton 10.25a
6-OOp Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, iier-
ced, Raymond, Fresno........... 12-25?
15.307 -Kiles Local 725a
6.00p. Hayward, Xiles »nd San Jose 7.65a
tfi.OOP Villelo 1125a
6.00r Oriental Mail— Osden, Dearer,
Omaha, St. Loula, Cnlcago 425?
7.00r San Pablo. Fort Costa, ilartlnei
and Way Stations. 11.25a
J7.0O Vallejo 7.55*
8-05P Oregon * California, Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
• Portland, Purer Sound and But. 855*
t9.10r Hayward and Mies. i11.55*
COAST LINE (."Urrow Gang«).
_ (Foot of Market Street.) ,
- *7-45a Saau Cruz Excursion 18,057
8.15a Newark, Centerrille. San Jose,
v • Felton, Boulder Creek, - Santa
•¦•¦¦¦ Crui and War Stations. -- 5-50*
124 5l> Newark, Centerrille. Saa Jose. ¦
- New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Greek. Santa Cru* and Principal
Way SUtloDt *. 10.60a .
4.15p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos.. ...... t8-5(U
- M-15r Saa Jose, Los Gatos, Santa Cruz... «8-50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.-
From SAX FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
.—17:15 9:00 11:00 ajj. 1.00 3-00 515 r.x.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:0O t3:«
t8:08 10:00 a Jf. 1200 200 400r.it.
COAST LINE (Bro»d Gang e ).
(Third and Towniend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
t7-00A San Jose and Way Stations tB.OO*.
7.80A-New AlTnadeo V4.10P
$7.1 5 a Monterey Excursion >8-30p
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Oilroy, Salinas, Ssn Luis Obispo,
Siata Barbara, Los Angeles and
1 Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a Ean Jose, Tres Ftnon, Santa Crnz.
. Pacific Grove, Salinas, Saa Lull
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations ......'.. 410?
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations.. 8.33a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
«1.30p Saa Jose and Way Stations a7C0r
t2.45r Ssn Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose, . .
Tres Finos, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Del Monte, 1 Monterey and Pacific
Qrore t1 0.45a
3-30p San Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations. . . . 7.30 r
f*.1Br San Jose and PrlncipalWay Stations 5.30p
tS-OOr San Jose, Los Qatos and Principal
WayStatlons t9C0»
5-30? San Joseand PrlncipalWay Stations 63O
6-30F San Jo«e and Way Stations. 7.30P
7-OOr Xew Orleaas Express— Sao Luis
- . Obiipo, Santa Barbara, Los An- \: .. .
geles, Deming. El Paso, New
> . Orleans and East 1030a
«114Sy San Joseand Way Stations
• A for Morning. P for Afternoon. • .
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
• Saturday and ., /Tuesday and Friday.
Sundav only. : . : **;.
Santa Fe
Ti»ains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
' I Local I Lina'd I Ovrld Local
Dally Dally Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran T:2Oa 0:00 a 8:0O p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a|ll:10p 7:13 pt
•• Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:«t»
— "-Fresno— -3-;05 p 2:33 pi- 8:15 a>tlO:50p-
'••Hanford. S:12p|3:27p 8:05a
•' Vlsalia.. 3:39pf... 5:00a
•• Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a
-'••Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chlcaga 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
.0:00 a. m. train is the California lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
' responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. in. la Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, • which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding . train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
- 7:20- a, m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley., Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — «41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
______________________________
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
'LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaran Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9;0O, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3-30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
- at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 v. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 r>. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 6:10, 7:50, 9:2a 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6.:35 p. ra. - - •
SUNDATS— 8:10, 9:40.11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05, 8:25 p. m. . . , - • . - . -
Leave 1 In Effect I . Arrive . .
'San Francisco.' I Apr. 28. 1901J San Francisco.
"Week I Stfn- 1 ~ i Sun- 1 Week
Day. I days. | . Destination [ days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, C :05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton. ¦ ¦
7:30am ' Windsor, 10:25am
. 5:00pm Healdsburs, 10:40am / -
'.;. Lytton.
G«yserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland- 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
~1 :30am ~~ ~ ~ 10:40am 10:25am
- 8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:SQpm 5:00pm ' 6:20pm
7 :30aro 8 :00am - Sonoma 9:15am! 8:40am
••---- --¦ and - ¦ \
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm|. 8:20pm
"YiSOaml S:00aml jl0:46am|10 :25am
¦3:30pm| 5:C0i>m[ Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:2Cpm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
fot^ Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnss; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverctale
for the Geysers; at Hopland. for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda. Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's," Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. HunvIHe. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
WHllts, Laytonvtlle. Cummins. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. ..
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - >
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket' off.ee, 650 Market street, > Chronicle
building.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. . • Gen. Pass. Agt.
WHJNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Son- n.ui,,*^.^,.^. Snn- Week
Eteiya.. days. u « tumm '2_ m _. d___ Daya.
9-30 a. 8:00a. _h « u*~. »» wo 1.00 p. <J-.4o a.
. - ratr, S«a FmirUfo » Summit »ad lUmn. »1.0O.
. ..TSobtOfiaB^ «U JU—OX2 8KUST ad SACSAU20 TXSSX.
y^*V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iT.y^JiB G29 KEABST ST. Established
¦SMPaS'" l-*34 for the treatmpnt of l"rivnte
Ml I rh 'ffHT PLvases. Lo«t ilannooft Pfblllty or
'"TWffiHJywl^' 1 *'' 3^ wearing on body and mind anct
Dlsenses!. The Doctorcures wlien
¦jHHmiBfl others fall. Try htm. charges low.
rllfffTmifmi'iirn rmimnlrrtl Call ov write.
fir. J. F. CilBCON, San Fraudsco, Cak ' . .
OAK. 119; — Sunny newly furnished connecting
suite; sink, bath, phone, cas- range; $14.-
TEHAMA, 331— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
hot, cold water, also stationary washtubs.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
McALLISTER, 536 — Nicely furnished sunny
connecting suites; every conv'ce; $15 and $7.
McALLISTER, 53C— Nicely furnished sunny
suit; sink, gas range, phone, laundry, bath;
LARKIN. 1010— Newly . furnished rooms, sin-
gle or en suite; very reasonable.
GROVE. 12ft — " large connecting front rooms
for housekeeping-
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404—2 nicely furnished
front fsunny rooms, with kitchen; reasonable.
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, f 12 to f 20, :
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APARTM^NVs^fo^ligbTh^sekeeplngT^rnlshl
ed sunny suit, with kitchen; all modern Im-
provements; bath; telephone; $16 to $20 suite.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna sts.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALES.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
BCHELLHAAS. 403 Eleventh St., Oakland.
TWO furnished rooms in a physician's home;
references required. Box. 4200. -Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
RENT low; well-furnlsbed corner house. 932
Fourteenth st.rbet. 2 and 4 dally.
OAKLAND Fl'BMSIlED HOUSES.
OFFICc— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKL.VXD COTTAGES TO LETT. '
TO let for 3 or 4 months, completely and ele-
gantly furnished double cottage, 7 rooms, in
East Oakland; large corner lot 150x150: uar-
• den; fruit trees. Address box 1413, Call.
FOR sale^ — 5 acres, Rose ave. and High st.,
Fniltvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st-
FnUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
. H. Little, a native of Ireland," aged 75 yearn.
Cy Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
I at ¦ the ¦ funeral parlors of H. F. • Maass,"- 917
• Mission street. -,* . -:'¦ ' : .
LUSK — In this city, April 24, . 1902, Jennie M.'.
beloved wife of C. B.-- Lusk. daughter, of
.Mrs. FIJeri Sullie, and sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam Trust and Mrs. Frank Kaiser of Sacra-
- mento. a native of Sacramento. : Cal., aged
XI ycarc. . ¦¦¦ .:-..¦ ¦¦¦ •
LYONS-^In thta city, "April 23, 1902, ' Annie
f . Gertrude,- dearly beloved daughter of Mary
,,' and Richard Lyons, ; a native < of San" Fran-
cisco, aged . 1 -year and 20 Xiays. . :.-. -¦'.-. "-
MCCARTHY— In this city, -April 23, 1902, Cal-
laghan J. McCarthy, a. native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 45 years. •¦ -. v
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral ''to-day
: (Frjday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
:¦ J.. C. O'Connor & .Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy- Cross, Cemetery- ..-
MACDONALD- In San Jose, April 22. 1902.
Archibald C. Macdonald. beloved son of the
late John-E. and- Caroline Macdonald. and
brother of Daniel Macdonald. Mrs. A. Gillln
I and Lizzie, John, ¦ Jessie, Carrie and Charles
Macdonald, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years 7 months and 19 days. v
CTTriends and acquaintances . are ' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
g April 20, 1902. at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 212tf Market street, between Four-
K teenth, and .Fifteenth, thence to the- Church
. of the Holy Redeemer, Diamond street, be-
• tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, where a
" high requiem mass will be celebrated for
¦ thejrenose; of .his soul, : commencins at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Crops Cemetery.
MIGHELL— In this city, April 24. 1902, Frank
N - Edward, beloved son of "William E. and the
late Allie E. Mighell, and brother of- Nana
E. and Jack Mighell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years 9 months and 10 days.
(Berkeley .papers please copy.)
(ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited-' to ¦ attend ¦ the funeral services
Saturday, April 26. 1002, at 11 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mountain View.
'Cemetery. Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek route
•• boat. .- .• ¦ - ¦ : .- . . ; ¦ ¦ ¦
NEDDERMAN— In East ' Oakland. April 24,
:.'¦ 1902. at 501 East Twenty-fourth street.
, Henry, beloved husband of . Minnie Nedder-
. - man, and father of Roy Nedderman, a na-
tive cf . Ohio, aged 53 years 11 months and
15 days. -¦¦¦'"¦".
O'CONNELL— In this city, April 24. 1902.
Mary. Alice, beloved daughter of William and
Ellen O'Connell. -and sister of Nellie O'Con-
7-nell. a native of Ssn Francisco, aged 1 year
' 7 months and 3 days. . .. • ¦ ' ,- . • - -
O"DAY-In this city, April 24. 1902. ; Frank.
I beloved husband of Alice O'Day, father of
May. Milton and the late Frank O'Day,' ami
¦ brother of Daniel, Harry and Blanche O'Day,
I Mrs. A.' Jensen and Mrs. James Mario w, ¦ a
native of : San Francisco, aged 36 years and
' 7 months. • ¦ , •-,. . ¦ ¦ ..:¦.-
PIAGGIO— In Stockton. April 21. 1902, Nicola
Piaggio, beloved brother of Mrs. G. . Cana-
¦ varo - a native of "Italy, aged 57 years. ... •
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ; funeral services
- Saturday, at 1 :30 o'clock, at the parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
between Union and Green. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.. -
SOLOMON— In this city, April 23, 1902, Lotte
Solomon, beloved sister of Maleha Eiseman.
and aunt of Rosie Guckenheim and Julia
Solomon,"- a native of Bavaria, aged 76 years
8 months and 26. days. -• ¦• .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to . attend . the funeral Sunday,
at 10 o'clock, froln her late residence, 18l3
' Sutter street. Interment Home ¦ of Peace
. Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SPRAGG— In this city, April 24." 1902. Emma,
beloved wife of George Spragg, mother of
Mrs. James J. Welsh (formerly Mabel
Spragg), and sister of Maria Whlpple and
.William Morgan, a native of St. John, N. B.,
- aged 45 years 9 months and 4 days.
C?*Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Saturday. April
26, 1902, at- 11 o'clock, at her late residence.
781 Haisrht street. Interment private, Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
STAHN— In Alameda, Cal./ April 22. 1902.
• Carr Stahn, a native of Germany, aeed.oS
years. ¦ -.. ¦•¦..• -.- ¦ . . ¦-..-¦¦¦•••
TYLER— In this city, April 23. '1902, Annie E.
Tyler, beloved wife of Theodore W.' Tyler,
and daughter of Michael and Catherine Tarr
of Geneva. Cal., a native of California, aged
38 years' and 4 days. . .
WALTON— In this city, April 23, 1902. at his
residence, 3955 'Eighteenth "street, between
Noe and Sanchez, James W.. dearly beloved
husband ' of - Elisabeth Walton (nee Glein),
] devoted father of Belmont, Merced, Carlos
. and Gladys Walton, and brother Of Mrs. . E.
Williams, a native of San Francisco,' aged 33
years 11 months, and 23 days. A member of
Farnswortb Lodge No. 95, I. O; O. F. ,
E?*Friends and acquaintances are respeci-
fully invited to attend the - funeral ..to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Franklin
Hall/ Fillmore street, between Sutter. and
Bush, where services Will be : held under the
auspices of King Solomon's Lodge No. 260,
v F. and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
¦¦ tery. . . . . . , . , v \ ¦
WINDERS— In Tucson, " April 15. 1902. Mar-
garet C. Winders, beloved mother of Thomas
, W., Robert J and Francis Oneida Winders,
a' native of. Texas, aged 52 years 7 months
and 5 days.' . '• • • .
WUCHERER— In _this city, April 23,' 1902.
' Margarethe.'beloved wlfe^of Gustavo ¦ Wuch-
- erer. mother of- Lena; *. Louise. Freda.- and
' Margaretha Wucherer: and -sister of Mrs. J.
¦Straessler, Mrs. W. Wucherer and Mrs. M.
Arnold' of Oakland/ a native of Wurtem-
berg, Germany, aged 30 years 2 months and
4 days. ; — -. i ' •¦ ..-.-"
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' Invited to ! attend the funeral to-dsy
(FViday), at 2 o'clock, from. the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission etreet. be-
. tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet -Cemetery. . : "
ELLISON— In this city, .April 22,' 1902,- to the
. wife of, T. Ellison, 'a son. ; . . ; .
KRAHN— In 'Lorln. Berkeley. April 23, 1902,
to- the • wife of William F. Krahn. 1 a son.
Birth, marriage ' and ' death notices ¦ sent •¦ by
mail will not be Inserted: They must be handed
in at either of the .. publication . offices . and be
Indorsed with the name, and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.*
BIRTHS^MARRIABES— DEATHS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaH branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
STOCKTON, 1206 (Model House)— Housekeep-
. Ing. $4. $0, $10; free gas; bath; newly furn.
SIXTH, 242— Nicely furnished ¦ front j rooms ;
cheap. • ¦ ,
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. »^J^£j]^S:
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent light,
¦ reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
. lor: rooms,- per night.. 35c to $l ; 50; week, $2
: to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.THREE OF THE ': GANG OF
CROOKS CAPTURED ( BY iPO
LJCEMAN H. P. BRAIG. - i
All the prisoners were placed In the
tanks and their names recorded • on the
detinue book. They were given no op
portunity to converse with one another,
and yesterday morning their records
•were revealed. ¦ .
'-"Braig- immediately identified -Hamilton
as the man with whom Judge Fritz had
the experience last month, - despite the
fact that the. crook had shorn himself of
his mustache. Hamilton, when- arrested,
was equipped with a unique disguise. In
his pockets wero found a soft, white hat
and a false jersey front, which, when
slipped over a white shirt and collar, al
ters the man's appearance entirely.
"When brought before Judge Fritz yester
day Hamilton displayed his discomfiture
and did - not recover -his composure for
.some time. Hamilton denies. that he is
guilty of this crime, but Judge Fritz is
sure he is. .
Chief of Police Wittman praises Bralg's
good work.
"It was one of the most ' remarkable
pieces of detective work accomplished in
some time," he said. "I cannot say too
much in favor of this officer's cool Judg
ment and penetration displayed during
the entire proceeding. I shall. take steps
very soon to make manifest to Patrolman
Braig my appreciation."
Braig' himself Is modest in accepting
the praise due him. He only rejoices that
he was able to capture the bevy of crim
inals. Braig has always been regarded
as one- of the most efficient policemen in
the department. A short time ago he was
assigned to duty on Powell street, which
is one of the most important beats in the
city.
Prisoners in the Tanks.
Again Braig showed his sagacity. In
stead of leaving the premises Im
mediately he caused a guard to
be stationed in . the neighborhood
and' four officers under. Sergeant Duke
performed this service. This wise pre
caution resulted in . the capture of
Thomas Barker shortly afterward. Bar
ker, attired in his nlghtrobe, had con
cealed himself in an adjoining room be
hind a gas meter. He was arrested, and
followed his companions to jail. ¦*
Braig ble-w his -whistle, placing his
brother officers on the alert. Suddenly a
man leaped from a window and ran into
Bralg's arms. This was Hamilton. He
was handcuffed, and then Joe King was
taken. The arrest of the two women
was an easy matter. The room was then
searched and the loot of many crlme3
discovered. .
George Caldarella was tried before a
jury In Judge Dunne's court yesterday on
the charge of - assault to murder for
shooting- his uncle. Philip Caldarella. at
Third and Tehama streets on November
14. The jury, brought in a verdict of sim
ple assault. .
Aftermath of Caldarella Fend.
¦ Adams' Hair Restorer promotes growth, re
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair. 50c *
Mr. Collins argued also that the prose
cution had been built up on circumstan
tial evidence solely and that no conviction
should or could be had on such evidence
unless the theory deduced from it should
be totally inconsistent" with the theory
of the defendant's innocence. The fact
that witnesses had testified that the ac
cused had a good reputation should b*
taken as an offset against any theory of
guilt. The Supreme Court of the State. In
the case of the People vs. Hurley (Six
tieth .California), had decided that the evi
dence of the good reputation of th« de
fendant should have been accepted as
strong evidence in favor of the innocenc*
of Hurley, who was charged with being
in possession of stolen property, "al
though,", added Mr. Collins, with a sly
glance at Secret Service Agent Burns,
"this case has not got to that point yet."
Mr.' Collins concluded his argument at
4:30 o'clock in the afternoon and Judge de
Haven adjourned the court until 10 o'clock
this morning, at which hour S. C. Den
son of the- firm of Denson & Schlesinger.
special counsel for . the Government, will
make the closing argument for the prose
cution. -j: ¦
Mr. Collins pointed out^that it had been
testified that when Cole was sick at home
Superintendent Leach and Dimmick tried
to open the vault. on Cole's combination,
but they were unable . to do so, because
Mr. " Cole," in » the sealed ' memorandum of
the combination, had omitted one turn of
the knob. So that, instead of there being
proof ¦ that ¦ Dimmick knew Cole's . combi
nation on the coin .vault, there was proof
that he did\not know it, and therefore
could not have stolen the money. -
• Leach and Cole controlled the two posi
tions that gave them free access to the
vault.' Mr. Washington had access also,
and Mr. Kitzpatrick was employed to
watch the vault, "and you know how well
he watched it." added Mr. Collins ironi
cally. "The wonder is that millions did
not disappear instead of >30,000." .
Then Mr. Collins praised Dimmick as
an industrious man, who was not satis
fied- to work six or eight hour per day,
but burned the midnight gas and
electric lights in the Mint in doing
extra work for the Government and Mr.
Leach and for which he was to receive no
extra pay. The counsel followed this up
by asking the business men on the jury to
believe that Dimmick had been selected
by a gang of conspiring thieves as the
victim, because he was so industrious as
to work over hours without pay.
. The counsel followed this up by insin
uating that Superintendent Leach- and
Cashier Cole were members of a con
spiracy for the purpose of convicting Dim
mick of the larceny of $30,000. The asser
tion was mad© also that- Cyrus P. Ellis
and other witnesses for the Government
had .testified to falsehoods and in pursu
ance of the conspiracy spoken of.'
evidence Circumstantial. , >
Fail to ; Open Vault.
| W\th reference to the contention of the
Government that because Dlmmick's com
bination arid that. of Cole, who succeeded
him as cashier, were alike as to one or
two numbers, Dimmick was able to open
the vault and steal the money.
-George D." Collins, i in resuming his argu
ment in the' United States District Court
yesterday morning in the case of the
Unitsd States vs. Walter N. Dimmick,
proceeded to quote from Sergeant Ballen
tyne and other famous British Jurists to
show that" policemen,- detectives and
secret service agents always proceeded on
the assumption of the guilt of the sus
pected person, and, that because of this
bias brought about by professional pride
and a desire to prove the truth of his
theory, the detective often unconsciously
colored his statements to the detriment of
the accused. : He.' added , that he would
not say that United States Secret Ser
vice Agent Burns had committed per
jury, , but he would say that Burns had
misstated the facts when he gave his tes
timony with regard^ to the confidential
conversation between. himself, and Dim
mick, and fortunately the truth of . the
matter was brought out by Mr. Chicker-
Ing. a gentleman of unblemished integ
rity, who .testified that Dimmick . had
made no admission at all of guilt.
gaged j him ! in i conversation for - a • short
time.- . " • ," ; ' \ ! , • '
The quartet started onward at a brisk
pace and Braig trailed them ¦ to Tehama
street. On. Tehama street the four
entered the . rear of - a ( building . which
fronts on 835 : Howard . street. The officer
made a hasty examination of the i prem
ises, > locating the places .of" exit, and
again displayed ,-his ¦ good 4 judgment by
not attempting an arrest at that time.
Instead, he called three officers to his
assistance and stationed them "at all doors
and. windows to prevent • the escape of
the people he sought. • ', > .
When Braig knocked on* the "door a
light which had been i burning in the
building was quickly extinguished and an
excited consultation among the occupants
was audible. A rush for doors and win
dows followed, and , as glass crashed
Declares His Client Worked
in the Mint at Night to
Aid Government. .
Insinuates That Dimmick
Is the Victim of a
COLLINS TALKS
OF CONSPIRACY
Harry P. Braig Follows Thieves to Howard-Street ¦ Den, arid After
CarefullyPlacing Guards : Around Lair Takes ;Into Custody
Notorious Crooks, XmongfrhemBeingthe ,' -Preacher Convict"
SHREWD POLICEMAN LANDS GANG
OF CRIMINALS BEHIND THE BARS
POLICE TRYING
TO FIND HADLEY
GODDARD MAKES
SERIOUS CHARGE
Says Widow of Joseph
Salmon Concealed
Estate.
Captain Seymour Hot on
Trail of Missing
Accountant.
Brings Suit Against Milo
Gillett to Recover
Property. .
Startling Similarity of Initials
Increases the Suspicion
Against Him.
Salmon died intestate in October, 1898,
and his widow, who was named adminis
tratrix, announced that his estate was
worth only $2000 and consisted solely of an
interest in a ranch in Napa County. She
married Gillett in November, 1899, and in
April. 1901. when she died, she left him
ail her property.
It now transpires that Mrs. Gillett never
closed up the affairs of the estate of her
first husband and an Investigation was
commenced by Will S. and Beatty Salmon,
sons of Joseph Salmon by a previous mar
riage. They petitioned the Superior Court
lor the appointment of Charles C. God
dard as administrator of their father's
estate and Goddard continued the inves
tigation, with the result that he yester
day filed a suit to recover from Gillett
$56.556 66. which he alleges was fraudu
lently concealed by Salmon's widow.
According to Goddard's complaint. Sal
mon left personal property worth. $24,656
and a Jot on Ellis and Mason street, which
his widow in her capacity as administra
trix did not account for and . which she
¦willfully and with intent to defraud the
natural heirs concealed and converted to
her own use. Under the law Salmon's
two eons are entitled to one-half of their
fathers' estate.
Charles H. Goddard, who was recently
appointed administrator of the estate of
Joseph Salmon, filed a sensational suit
yesterday against MIlo J. Gillett, execu
tor of the estate of his late wife, Lucella
R. Gillett. who, before she became Mrs.
Gillett was the widow of Joseph Salmon,
a real estate dealer. . -
At a moderate price — one that looks good
and is good? Made of genuine bass wood,
brass- trimmed, with leather straps and
two trays. It is a leader in our trunk de
partment, and the price is $7 50. We have
a special suit case also at (6 50 .that is
equally good and cheap. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Committee Opens Headquarters.
The Promotion Committee of San Fran
cisco has opened headquarters at € Cali
fornia street. There all business con
rected with the work will be transacted.
The committee expects to be able to. get
subscriptions amounting to 55003 per
month. Not only the 150 to 200 San Fran
cisco merchants who have for years con
tributed about ail the funds for public en
terprises in this city have been asked to
eubscribe for the work now In hand, but
landlords, professional men and all others
who are supposed to nave any interest in
the prosperity of California have re
ceived communications.
Do You Want a Trunk
Some Soon.
The War Department has Issued orders
to Colonel Lockwood, commander of the
casual detachment at the Presidio, to as
eign no more recruits to the Sixth. Sev
enth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty
fourth or Twenty-fifth regiments of In
fantry or to the Third or Tenth regiments
of cavalry. This means that he organi
zations named will be sent home from the
Philippines at an early date. The Ninth
Twelfth and Tweny-first regiments of in
fantry are already on their way to this
country. Several bodies of troops are
under orders to leave for the Philippines,
but not nearly so many as are to return,
so that the reduction in forces will be
cjuite marked.
Captain W. H. H. Chapman, Twenty
fifth Infantry, has been ordered to leave
for Vancouver Barracks, Washington, in
command of 265 recruits assigned to the
Seventeenth Infantry.
Surgeons C C Greer, E. I* Ruffner, G.
T. Heard. Kent Nelson. L. L. Krebs, W.
P. Woodall, C. A. Ragan. G. W. Jean, ...
F. Hall. K. F. Metcalfe and J. M. PhaJen
have been ordered to sail for Manila on
the Logan. • - ¦
ments Are Likely; to Return
Eight More of Foreign Service Regi-
ARMY . IN PHILIPPINES
TO BE MUCH REDUCED
I Chief of Detectives John Seymour is re
doubling his efforts to get some trace of
Charles B. Hadley, the missing Examiner
accountant, who is wanted in connection
with the mysterious murder of Nora Ful
ler. While neither Chief Wittman nor
Captain Seymour will say positively that
Charles B. Hadley is the man who com
mitted the murder, it is quite evident
from the pressing inquiry they are mak
ing into the habits and affairs of the
missing man that they believe that when
they locate him the police will have ac
complished a stroke which may result in
much light being shed on the mystery.
Chief Wittman has communicated with
the police of nearly all the large cities
admonishing them to be on the lookout
for Hadley. If he is located he will be
brought back to explain away many pecu
liar links of circumstantial evidence and
perhaps some strong positive evidence
which cloud his name with suspicion. In
addition to the Btatement of Salesman
B. Vi Schell. who says that the picture of
Hadley with the false mustache is identi
cal with his recollection of his mysterious
customer, there is the positive statement
of Handwriting Expert Kytka to the ef
fect that Chanes B. Hadiey is the man
who wrote the advertisements printed in
the Examiner and Chronicle and who
signed also the rental contract for the
house on Sutter street in which the mur
der was committed.
Kytka Is preparing other exemplars of
Haaley's handwriting, which he says
make It more apparent to . the layman
that his belief is correct. The initials
C B H which the nlurderer wrote on the
mattress when he pVirchased it and the
initials C B H which Hadley often wrote,
samples of which have been compared,
are exactly similar. It does not take a
handwriting expert to see the similarity.
Any bank cashier or other person used
to paying out money on written signa
tures would not hesitate to honor either
of the two initials and acknowledge them
to have been written by the same man.
,r instance, if Hadley had signed an
or -sr for money or goods, using simply
his initials C B H, and It were presented
to somebody who was in the habit of
doing business with him. they would un
questionably have honored either signa
ture, the one known to have been written
by Hadley or the one hastily scribbled on
the mattress by the man who murdered
Nora Fuller.
On the subject of the handwriting
neither Chief Wittman nor Captain Sey
mour will say anything more definite than
that- they have the most implicit confi
dence in Kytka's ability and honesty.
This is practically an admission that they
believe that Charles B. Hadley, the miss
ing Examiner accountant, is the man who
wrote the Initials on the. mattress and the
man who rented the house where the
young girl was subsequently strangled.
The police hope that the publicity given
the case will soon result in the discovery
?f somebody who has seen Hadley since
he. left the city on the day after Nora
Fuller's body was found. In this way
they hope to get a clew to his present
whereabouts.
Another Picture of Hadley.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 24.— Five years
asro C. B. Hadley, accountant of the Ex
aminer, who is wanted on suspicion of the
Nora Fuller murder, was in Victoria and
he sat for some photos in Savannah's gal
lery in this city. The San Francisco po
lice were informed of this fact and to
day Savannah received a telegram from
Chief Wiy:man asking him to forward
copies of the photograph which Hadley
had taken here. Savannah has the neg
ative and will dispatch copies of the pic
tures to San Francisco without delay.
Officers Rescue Abused Girl.
It -was reported to the officers of the So
ciety for thePrevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren yesterday that Henrietta Brooman
was being: cruelly beaten by a Mr. and
Mrs. Brown, with whom, she lived on Ful
ton street, near Eighth avenue. Investi
gation showed that the charges were in a
measure justified by facts and the little
girl was taken from the Browns and
placed In the Maria Kip Orphanage. <¦
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALLV FRIDAY, APRII/ £5, 1902.
Braig walked along, the shadows of the
buildings concealing his stripes, helmet
and star. At the corner pf Geary and
The manner in which Braig landed the
gang is told in a report that reads like
a romance. Braig is detailed on Powell
street, and shortly ¦ before 8 o'clock
Wednesday night was called to 208 Powell
street by Mrs. A. Murphy, > who claimed
that her room had been robbed of cloth
ing • during her absence earlier . in the
evening. Braig discussed the ; robbery
with the woman, and while doing, so ob
served a man enter from the street and
pass upstairs. The officer followed the
man, inquiring 1 his business/ The stranger
replied that he wished furnished rooms,
but after looking at , some . apartments
took his departure, expressing dissatisfac
tion. •..••¦ • ¦.-•.¦¦- ..• ¦
While in full uniform Braig undertook
the riaXy task of following the intruder.
Shadows , Hide Officer.
Thomas Barker, another prisoner, -was
sentenced from San Bernardino County to
San Quentin for elx years. He was com
mitted on January 18, 1896, and was dis
charged March 18, 19W. In the.party.ar
rested were also Mrs. Annie Barker, the
wife of Thomas Barker, and Kittle
Nehill, alias Carrie Perry, Mrs. Barker's
sister. Neither of the women is known
to have been charged with any crime.
The gang was tanen by Officer Braig in
a builalng at 835 Howard street. In ef
fecting the capture Braig was assisted by
Policemen Tnomas Murphy, -William
Eskew and Charles Staples, whom he
called to his assistance after he had
tracked the robbers to their headquarters.
Nearly a carload of stolen property was
recovered. Musical instruments, weapons,
trunks, clothing and household goods of
all descriptions were included in the
plunder. Officer Braig is at present at
tempting to locate the owners of the
stolen property, but it, is expected that
confessions of the thieves will reveal the
ownership. •.,
Barker's Becord Bad.
A CLEVER piece of detective
work was accomplished Wednes
day night by Policeman Harry
P. Braig. By shrewd work the
officer landed as notorious a gang
of criminals as has been placed be
hind the bars in some time. ¦ One
of the men taken in the raid was Harry
Hamilton, identified by Judge Fritz as
the pickpocket who, after robbing Mrs.
H. A. Freeman of her purse on a. Halght
street car on the night of March 29, used
his revolver in effecting his escape when
brought to bay by .the jurist named.
Hamllton, under . the name of Harry
Day, was sentenced from this city to San
Quentln for burglary in the first degree
on October 31, 1887. He was released July.
31. 1892. On April 1, 1900, under the alias of
Frank Blair, Hamilton was returned to
the prison on the same charge from Lios
Angeles County and remained in confine
ment until November 18, 1901.
Another of the gang captured was Jo
seph King, well known as the "preacher
convict." King was sent from this city
to Folsom Prison to serve a four-year
sentence on January 28, 1898, for burglary,
and he -was released on February 4, 1893.
On May 7 of the latter. year he was sent
to San Quentln to serve a five-year sen
tence on the same charge and was re
leased December 29 of last year. King
was one of the "red shirt" gang that con
spired to escape in 1899. but. whose efforts
were frustrated by. Convict "Sir" Harry
Westwood Cooper, one of the gang, who
turned informer. After .King's last re
lease he immediately professed repent
ance for his wild career and traveled
about the State under the guise of a re
formed . criminal, preaching Christianity.
His severe criticisms on the discipline at
San Quentin brought him- into notoriety
and his renunciations were believed to be
sincere. Charles Montgomery, the prison
philanthropist, took an interest in King's
case and urged other Christian people to
join him in keeping the criminal in the
straight and' narrows, path.
The \ production' of Scott's - VLady ; of the
LakeV by ; the \ students I of ., the ' Cogswell
Polytechnic .College will .'not take; place
this evening,^ as ' announced, but has been
postponed until" Thursday i evening ¦ next
on account of the streetcar atrike. , " ¦.-
StudentsrPoatpono,Perforniaiice.
The- Farallones i Telegraph ; Cable Com
pany •¦ was incorporated' yesterday j with a
capital . stock . of $75,000, of .which $1200 has
been subscribed. ' The object of ; the com
pany is ; to lay a cable from a point near
Point Lobos to the .Farallones. '•¦<, The di
rectors.and the (amounts; of .stock" sub
scribed are: John ; E.L»utz $30, J.'R. Gar
niss -$30, j; F. Swift $30. G. , M. Davis . $30
and L. P. Boardman $1080.T3&?5fc5p£S
Proposed ; Farallones / Cable.
"There has .been very little Increase in
the department within the. past ten years
in spite of the. rapid growth of, the city,
and the time (has arrived -when 7 the de-,
partment should be, thoroughly equipped
with men and ; officers so . as to properly
patrol the city and ; bring it up to date.
To accomplish that desirable end we re
quire. 200 men Instead of 100, with the
proper number of officers." -
Chief "Wlttman, was considerably.disap
pointed yesterday when 'ho was notified
of Auditor . Baehr's action , in - incorpora
ting into the police estimates an appro
priation if or '; an additional 100 men only.
The Chief announced his intention of ac
companying .the" Police Commissioners ,to
the-.Board of Supervisors to-morrow to
urge upon the board absolute neces-
Bity, of increasing the' force to the capa
city allowed by ; the charter.
"It would be' Impossible with 100 addi
tional men to .divide the men into eight
hour; watches,", said the. Chief yesterday.
"TO do that: we .'require 700 .men alto
gether to properly patrol the city. 1 With
the men at present at my command it is
not possible for .- the city to be - properly
patrolled, but even though we should get
the 100 men suggested by the Auditor we
must have officers to control them.
"The charter says. there must be- one
captain- for each 100 men. If the force
is increased to 700 men -that would make
seven captains, but I am only asking for
six altogether. -At present there are only
three,' the vacancies caused by. the re
tirement of Captain Gillin and my pro
motion not having been filled yet. I would
be also, entitled to fourteen lieutenants,
but I: am only asking for twelve. At
present. there are only six. Then, in re
gard to -sergeants, I am only asking for
fifteen additional,- although, according to
the charter, -which <¦ says that there shall
be as many as. the Police Commissioners
may deem . necessary, but not. to exceed
•one to each ten patrolmen,! am entitled
to many more than I ask for. :
Chief Wittman Disagrees
With Auditor Baehr's
: Estimates;
REQUIRES FORCE
FULLY EQUIPPED
Powell the stranger .paused, and remained
for five minutes. Then - he walked up
Geary street in • the ¦' direction of Mason.
BraiK, pursuing closely, observed that
the man he was shadowing was Joined by
another man and 'two* women, who en-
14
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Clever Counterfeit
Imitation of a Famons Toilet
Powder.
Trade Mark, Box and the
Label Forged.
Lucky Discovery of the
Spurious Article.
"While It may bo true that "Imitation Is
the sincerest form of flattery." It does not
fellow that the originator and owner of a
valuable copyrighted article will quietly
submit to the knave who steals the honest
man's money by deliberate forgery. A
well-known Boston business man. who
has. by patient industry, keen inslglirW
and honest effort, built up a large and
constantly Increasing business, discov-
ered a few months ago that some one.
who ought to be repenting in prison, had
made and was selling in . San Francisco
an inferior article, which bore but a faint
resemblance to the original, and by th-j
use of the photo-electrotype process had
forged the box label, the circular and
trade mark of Ben Levy's Lablacha
Face Powder, which is known all over
the world, and is in general use by the
best and most distinguished women, not
only in America, but .also in •¦ London.
Paris, Dresden. Hongkong, Shanghai,
Mexico and Manila, and, in fact, every-
where. Its virtues have been sounded by
Sarah Bernhardt, Mme. Emma Eames..
Miss Maude Adams. Mile. Rhea. Mile, da
Lussan, Mme. Emma Calve, Mme. Su-
zanne Adams. Miss Marguerita Sylva, -
Miss Lettice Fairfax and- by. scores of.
other famous women of the stage and in:
private life.
Of. course, it goes without the saying
that if Lablache Face Powder were but
a mere ¦ combination of common chalk
and perfume no one would have forged
Ben Levy's name and attempted to steal
his business. It is only valuable signa-
tures and articles of fame that are
forged. When Mr. Levy's attention was
called to this matter he immediately con-
sulted his attorneys, Messrs. Brandeis. .
Dunbar & Nutter of Boston, and Messrs.
Rothschild & Ach of San Francisco, who
brought a bill of complaint in the United
States Circuit Court of Northern Califor-
nia against J. M. "Wright & Co. of San
Francisco, the sellers of this spurious
powder, and obtained an injunction pro-
hibiting further sales. Suit Is also
brought to recover damages.
The forger did his work so cleverly;
that careful scrutiny is necesary to de-
tect the difference between the genuine
and the spurious. The box label of the
genuine Is clear and bright, while the
printing of the counterfeit label is dark
and muddy. Mr. Levy feels that his rep-
utation is at stake, and he la sparing no
trouble or expense to right this wrong.
The Lablache Powder Is a positive ben-
efit to the complexion, and la the most
delightful preparation of the kind known,
while the spurious article la deleterious
and liable to cause Injury. Mr. Levy
asks that every lady using the Lablach»
will examine the label carefully, and If
in doubt as to the genuineness of the ar-
ticle to send to Ben Levy & Co., 123 King-
ston street. Boston, the circular or the
cover of the box, together with the name
of -the dealer from whom it ¦was pur-
chased, and if it is counterfeit she will
bo advised by return mall, so that she
can demand that her money be refunded,
and whoever sold It will be prosecuted
bjr Ben Levy & Co. to the full extent of
the law.
FREE DENTAL CLINIC
For people unable to pay ordinary «fS;»
fees. AH operations performed by graduate*
for the coat of material. Teeth extracted free.
Open Sundays and evenings.
POST-CBADUATE "DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor st.. cor. Golden Gats »v».
Strengthen Your Eye^
-WQ»fc«tje«^ B TVlth GEORGE MATERLE'3
German Ey« 'Water, 60r. at
SOSZJfji-w 1071 Market st. Tel. South
Oppression. Snffecitlon, Hearalgii, etc., cured bj
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Parts, J.ESPIC ; Now York. B. FOUOESA & CO.
SOLO BY ALL DRUGGISTS
Sa.-6$i3l J* «3»rai Ja _ rz fe* ™
Hilicfs"
%*4P FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
\ ML FOR WEAK WO MEM.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiaria Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for th» Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sella on Its own merits.
NABER. A1.F3 & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market »t.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
0^ WONG WOO,
.lTY CHINESE TEA AND HERB
ft* / SANITARIUM.
. Jggk 7^'66 Clay St., S. F., Cil.
5E&$^T<kV A LIj , DISE ASKS CURED
*#SWffiJayflt rX exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties belns used. Hours.
0:80 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to ft p. m.
U1>TTO'LI1?C FOR BARBERS. BA K-
DillJ OlliLO ers « bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, fiourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
bUCHAiNA.1 BKO5.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
w-t- M • S2or 33 Caliber. $3.75.
U/\WT/\1«T/\«f SHREVE & BAABER
KPVilBVPl CO - San Francisco.
. and Sportlns Good*
Send ' for ' Catalog**
)J fflf txtiiorrm&de
,|^PM|1 S$a If made by a reputable'
vffl iiwill and compitent -tailor.:
HI «%W4. O ur Tailoring ¦ Depart-
lStMff8 ment is one or the best
in the cit y> so far as
IlllPf reliability and high-
W^pi|| • class workmanship are j
- "-fitl '¦- .' Tou Simply Pay Us
*1P* ONE DOLLAR
A WEEK, :
Take . the . Suit when finished and have
possession of .it ' while paying for it.
Call and see our New Pantings., r
12® ElllS St. AbovelWll
Sun Francises
¦ M * -¦ ¦ " _,
' Uur line of Victorias. Cabriolets^ ¦¦ Broughams and Coaches * is com-
. plete. ; More; than shown by all other dealers' in San Francisco, and bet-
ter, too. .Prices are. low. ; \ '; -
. Ask for 1962 catalogues. :
¦;';/ V'OF^CAtlFORNIA.
:; ' Market' and 1 streets. % San -.Francisco.
FOUR PROFITS LESS.
What the Fire Engine is to the old fash-
ioned "Bucket Brigade," the Regal System of
u one profit from Tannery to Consumer n is to
shoe business*
From Tannery to you t via the Leather
Merchant — Shoe Manufacturer —Shoe Whole-
saler — and Shoe Retailer,— is the other system
— which costs you four profits extra* '/-.
Regals are $6»00 shoes for $3*50*
•. Style book explains.
Sold only ia 45 Regal Stores from New York to Saa Francisco and
London. Also by mail.
SAN FRANCISCO STORE. , ,
S. V. Corner Stockton and Geary Streets.
IC — " 3 : Days' to Chicago.
— _ Comfortable tra^eling orvthe »
California Limited
Is like the Icieurely reaxlmg; of ». delightful illustrated book