no_textHaruka, the "spring," "and no one
will deny . it to her. , ¦ Her Majesty . belongs
The Empress of Japan.
AT, the age of 50 years the Empress
'. of -Japan, still considers;- that she
: is entitled to her family; name of
to the favored class of women who never
seem to grow "old, and who in the autumn
of i life-; possesses/ the charm of knowing
how I to S preserve the smiling loveliness of
their, youth.' She is a devoted friend of lit
erature; ¦ and she ; is never- so happy "as
when • she can • celebrate the three great
festivals of the year, surrounded by the
lies third hand you have cleared your op
ponents' suit in one round. If. you do not
cover -on second -round more than likely
third hand will have to play ace to un
block and ' clear his partner s suit. You
will still retain the command of your op
ponents' suit, which is most generally ac
knowledged the best play. :
A fourchette/ as almost every whist
player knows. Is a combination of two
THE historic Custom-house at Mon
terey is to be restored, thanks to
the efforts of the Native Sons of
the Golden West in arousing Cali
fornians from the apathy with
which, as. a rule, they regard the Epecta
cle of gradual decay that is attacking the
buildings which stand for so much in the
State's history: Work will actually begin
in a few days. Several attempts have
been made In recent years to raise a fund
for caring for the Custom-house, but all
were failures until the Native Sons took
up the matter about three years ago at
the annual session of their Grand Parlor
in Salinas.
Since then the State Legislature has
tr.ade an appropriation of J4200, and Gov
ernor Gage has appointed a commission
consisting of Mayor R. F. Johnson of
Monterey, Walter C. Little of Pacific
Grove, J. A. Trescony of San Lucas, Hon.
Frank Mattison of Santa Cruz and E.
Myron Wolfe of San Francisco to super
vise the expenditure of this appropriation.
The appropriation became available on
January 1 of this year, and. as soon as
the formal transfer of the lease to (he
Custom-house, which the Native Sons
secured from the United States Govern
ment in'lPOl. can l>e effected the State
commission will take charge of the "prop
erly and begin work.
The Commissioners— all native' sons,
whose fathers or grandfathers were
prominent figures in early .days— feel a
personal interest In the work they have
In hand and are determined not to make
the mistake that so often robs historic
buildings of all interest, the mistake of
"restoring" away most of the. original
(structure. In restoring the building to
its former condition much boarding that
has been put up in recent years by the
caretaker to keep It from ruin will, of
course, be torn down, but no part of the
house itself will be removed to give place
t9 stronger material. The weak spots
will be artificially strengthened without
marring tho architectural character and
integrity, and the Monterey Custom
house will, declare the Commissioners
iemain the same in appearance and reall
ity as it was when Monterey was ' the
port of entry and principal city of Call
lornia.
Most of the old timbers are still stanch
which the Monterey Custom-house figured
was that, of July 7, 1846. when Commo
dore John D. Sloat' landed 250 men from
.the United States . warships . Savannah,
Cyane and Levant, under Captain William
Mervine. to haul down the Mexican flag :
and replace it with the stars' and stripes,
thus taking formal possession of the ter
. ritory in «the ! name of the United ' States
of America, A curious incident connected
with • this I important .;' event and one not
generally known is that July 4. 1846,- would
have been the' date ; of ' American . occupa
tion .but for" the cunning of the 'Mexican
officials. They, knowing that I the , proper
formalities of thie - occasion could not be
complied with unless the Mexican flag
was hauled down before that ,of America'
was hoisted. { confiscated \ the j { Mexican
standard and kept it. securely hid for two'
days. ? The "Americans, ' however < "finally -
persuaded them that j the Mexican "flag
must be produced and on the, .morning of
the -7th it | was run up f over- the I Custom
house for the v fast time. The same, old
flagstaff remains S in-. Its original iposition
and'is still stout enough to carry. proudly
the big flag which the custodian. Captain
Thomas G. Lambert, . has bent ; to "its, hal
yards on every national holiday and other,
important' occasions '¦•in ; the thirty-three
years , of his guardianship . of the Custom- '
house property. ; V. A. L. JONES.
Another Interesting room. In the Custom
house is the . upper ¦ room of the north
tower, 'now-used I as the office of the resto
ration commission a'rid'for the past, four
years occupied as a studio by. the talente'd
San -Francisco artist, ' Miss Evelyn Mc-
Cormick. ".. The ." room was the military
headquarters for California when General
Fremont' was In command and it was here
that Frempnt found* his 'wife when he ar
rived in. Monterey after his long ride
through the_nlght and the storm from 3an
Jose on' December 20, 1849, to tell her the
¦ news of his election, as the first United
States Senator from, the new State of
' California. • Two objects of historic inter
est are now' in this ¦ room and ' are shown
< in the , photograph. . They \ are the desk
upon which the first California State" con
stitution 'was drafted and .signed and a
chair .-used ; by • Governor Micheltorena,
next to the last Mexican Governor of Alta
California. These relics form the nucleus
of the , collection that will; be placed - in
the Custom-house historical museum.
The most important historical event in
Strangely enough, the great old hall, in
which the officers of Commodore Sloat's
flagship gave this ball,' is now used as a
depot for the stones for the pedestal of
the Sloat monument which, the Mexican
War Veterans are slowly building at the
old fort on the neighboring 'hill.. A nuiri
be"r" of these stones are shown in the phot
ograph. .". -. " ..',!.
Unofficially this old house has seen
many interesting and some thrilling
events, and many brilliant social gather
ings, the old chroniclers say, took place
within its walls. One of the most mag
nificent of t\ese was the ball given by the
officers of the United States frigate Sa
vannah shortly after the American occu
pation. This ball, was held In the im
mense central hall of the Custom-housa
and was worthy of note for many reasons,
chiefly, however, for the fact that at
tended as It was by all 1 the prominent
Mexican and Spanish families, as. well as
the few Americans who came to Monterey
prior to 1846, it marked the breaking down
of the natural hostility, of conquered for
conquerors and the beginning of the kind
lier feeling between the two races that
has existed In California ever since. :'¦•
Monterey customs district till 1861, when
Monterey was merged into the San
Francisco district. Since that time it has
had no official status and has fallen grad
ually into its . present dilapidated condi
tion, despite all the efforts of the custo
dian to prevent it.
The Custom-house Is, with the excep
tion of some of the older missions, the
oldest public building in the State, its
foundations having been laid by ' the
Spanish Government about . 1S16. The
north tower was nearly completed when
Mexico revolted against Spain and the
work of construction was stopped till
about 1824, when it was recommenced by.
the Mexican Government and continued
with more or less vigor. till the American'
occupation in 1S46. The two towers were
thus completed and the central portion
was under way when the United States
took possession and finished, the building'
about 1S50. • It was used as a Custom
house and for other purposes connected
¦with the administration of public affairs
in the province under both Spain' and
Mexico, and after the American occupa,
tlon it was the headquarters of the 'civil <
and military Jurisdiction of California for
some time, remaining at the same time,
however, the place of business for the
After the work of restoration Is com
"pleted the building will be converted into
a museum of California history, each
room being devoted to some man of great
prominence or to a particular period of
the State's history. The work of collect
ing the exhibits has already been begun
and a number of very interesting relics
have been promised. Among these are
the dtsk and pen used in drafting and
signing the first State 'constitution and a
certified copy of the signatures (the orig
inal document being in the State
archives), two* chairs used by General
Fremont while in Monterey, a chair be
longing to Governor Micheltorena and
several relics of Rev. Walter Colton, the
builder of Colton Hall. The plans of the
commissioners also include beautifying
the' grounds surrounding the building- and
converting them into a public park: There
are between two and three acres of land
in the Custom-house reservation, extend
ing along the shores of the bay, and no
prettier site for a park could be found.
and the thick adobe walls have crumbled
very little, although the house has stood
for nearly a century, and the. plans of
the Commissioners will not be difficult to
carry out if the work Is done with care
and judgment. The only portion of the
restored structure not originally there
will be the tiled roof, and as all except a
very few of its own tiles have been car
ried off by relic hunters, or broken in va
rious ways, the Commissioners will be
obliged to find tiles from other less nota
ble buildings of the neighborhood.
J^atiV£ Sops or
t'Hilj Golden W?st
H^V<2 !.fj Han 3 ' a
poets attached to the court. These festi
vals are, those of the New Tear, tho
church and ; the chrysanthemum. The
Empress is herself a poetess and has es
tablished a competition for Japanese
poets, and for this competition she axes
the subject But it is for her works of
charity that the Empress is the most re
nowned, and she is at the head of all
national efforts In this direction. The
Red Cross Society claims a great <*«£ °f
her time, and during the war with China
she was very often found attendin- to
the wounded Japanese.
Easy Lessons in Whist.
«-jpiiis is the first of a series of easy
lessons in whist for both experts
* and beginners. Even if you are
a clever player you will find this se
lies full of useful hints and new
plays. If you know nothing whatever
about this fascinating game you can
learn it here, after the most sdentiflo
methods. . .
The lessons are being -written, ex
pressly for the Sunday Call by Mrs.
E. P. Schell, who is a prominent
member of the San Francisco Whlflt
Club, where she gives scientific in-*
etructions to the lady members, and
chairman of the whist section of the
California Club. The success of the
whist and euchre games at the Palace
Hotel recently, with 80O players, was
due to her efforts, therefore she is
best qualified to present the rules of
the game so that everybody can un
derstand them.
gO much has .been written by our
local writers on the original open
ing of a whist hand that I shall
take up second hand plays, covers,
fourchettes and imperfect four
chettes, and shall endeavor to make clear
the Importance of covering certain 1 cards
led. The rule most generally laid down
is, If. you hold high cards, from which
you would lead a high card, you 'play a
high card. For the same reason when a low
card Is led with a low-card combination
second band you should play a low card,
as a high card will only assist in estab
lishing your opponents' suit more expedl
tlously.
For example, If you hold king, queen
and two small and you play low on a low
card led you are taking the same risk as
If you were leading low from same com
bination. '
Also when your holdings second hand
consists of ace. queen and one or more
small, and jack is led, you should cover
. with ace; it is seldom right to play other
wise. You should usually cover a card led
late in hand to prevent underplay.
Another most important play Is with
king and two small on ten being led. You
should hold off. as more than likely if
originally led It is from ten, jaek, queen
and others. Even if it is from an irregu
lar opening It would be wise to hold off in
any case. If you put up the king and ace
' . . 1
cards immediately above and *•*>**?
one led. such as king jac* on a queen
led, or a queen ten on a jack led.
An imperfect fourchette Is the combina
tion of the card Immediately above th%
one led and the next but one below it,*
such as ace jack on king led. or king
ten on queen led. Suppose that the que«n
la led. and second hand hold* king, ten
and others. By covering the
not only prevents tho third hand from
finessing If he hold the ace, but he may
make the jack good In fourth hand.
If the jack is in third hand with the
ace. second hand still gains an advantage
by covering, because the lead Is then on
his left and his guarded ten must be led
up to. whereas If he passes the queen
his kin*, ten will be led through a »«cond
time, and ace, queen, jack will all take
tricks against him.
If tho original leader holds the Jack and
the queen la passed, the second hand I*
in the same disadvantageous position, for
he will be led through again with .the
jack. By putting on the king, even if be
loses It. he remains with second beat
guarded in the. suit. . _
A very instructive deal criticism by C
E. Coffln: - . •-
(a) Avoid changing suit*, •
(b) Lead through the strong a? to the
weak hand.
. ] (c) If not strong enough In trump* t©
lead them; you are weak enough to fore*
opponents. ' . ' •
THE DEAL.
North.
S.— K, 4. 2.
H.— 9. 7. 5, 8.
• - . c— 2, io, 8, a.
D.— A. 8.
West. East.
S.— O. 9. 3. S.-8, 7. B.
H— A. Q, J. H.-4, 2.
C.-A.K. C-Jt 7. 4. 5.
E>.— Q. 9. 7. 5, 2. D.-J. 10. «. 1
. . • South.
S.— A. J. 10. 6.
H.— K. 10. 8. 6. . • „?>
C— 9, 8. 6.
D.— K, 4.
Trey of spades trumps, north to lead.
Tks. W. N. E. 8.
1. *Kc . 2c 4c 8c
.2.. 5d 8d lOd *Kd
3. 24 *Ad 6d 4d
4. «Ao 3c 5c Sc
5. Qd *23 Jd 6h
6. *3s Qc 7c 6c
7. Ah 3h 2h 8h
8. 2h 5h 4h »Kh
, .9. 9s «Ks 5s • 63
10. ' Qs 43 7s • *As
11. 7d 7h' ' ¦ 8a ' Ma
12. 9d 9h 3d *10s
13. »Jh 10c Jc lOh
Tricks 1 and 2 — North and west open
their respective long suits in the conven
tional" way.
Trick 3— South leads through probable
strength., in west's hand I up to declared
weakness In east.
Trick 4— North avoids changing suits,
there being no apparent reason for chang
ing, and continues- his -clubs.- which forces
the ace- . .
..Trick 5r-West properly continues to lead
his* diamonds, which north trumps and
south discards.
Trick 6 — North now leads the command
of his suit, which. forces a trump from
west and thereby unguards his queen.
Tricks 7 and 8— West does not want to
continue his diamonds, as both opponents
are void of that suit and "the weak
hand would, trump and the strong hand
discard a losing card." He therefore prop
erly opens his heart suit, which south
wins on the second round.
Trick 8 — South winds up the game by
leading trumps and winning all tricks ex
cept the. last, which fall to the best heart
in west's hand. The score can be changed
at the third trick and a. loss of three
points by south's failure to perceive tho
advantage of "leading through the
strong," but unwisely opens trumps with
no good suit and none indicated in his
partner's hand. This resulted In two tricks,
but left the queen in command with west.
Scruth then opens his long suit of hearts,
which is> won cheaply by west, who prom?
erly continues his -diamond suit, which %
won by. north, who, knowing that the aco
of clubs Is against him, returns his part
ner's stilt of hearts, which faTls to the
major ten-ace in the west. West now
leads, his commanding trump which take3
them all out except the one in south/a
hand, which he forces with his queen of
diamonds. This leaves him in command
of the suits and he brings in his diamonds
Monday . evening, March 24. the too
scores at. the San Francisco Whist Club
were made by Mr. Foster and Mrs. Adolph
Meyer. N. and S.. plus 8; Mrs Henrv
Pavot and S. Meyer. E. and W\?'plus 4
W ednesday evening, March 26. the too
scores were made by Mrs. Adolph Meyer
?. nd ~ M Si YZS^PU and S - Plus 10: M r "
W. pltfs 12 S Samuels. H an d
Thursday afternoon. v March 27 at th«
ladles' game. Mrs. William Hardy an*
Mrs. Palrper. N. and S.. plus M?<?
Hess and Mrs. Frank Weston. E. and W
pit's 8. *
Saturday evenfnar. March 23. Mrs w E
SummerhavM and Judge Freeman." E and
23 sf pluses- H6SS and Mr - F0Ste ' r ' N
The Bates trophy was played for on Sat
urday afternoon, March 20. for teams en
tering the contest The successful team
THE SmfDAY CALL;
Old Monterey Custom House
to be Restored
23
THE SUNDAY CAIjt
fy-f LITTLE girl of 12 led a young
f I scrrel colt out before a bright.
fr— 1 treshly painted cart, on which the
V. I deep vermillion pigment was not
JL yet dry. Because the, duties of a
weh-ored equine were still a mystery to
the colt it did not like the color, of the
cart any better than the first »3t of tiny.
polished, metal shoes with which it had'
just been fitted. It was still all a-qulvei
over the ordeal at the smithy, and when
the red cart flared forth before its wildly
rolling eyes, lilte a glaring danger signal.
it prepared at once to establish a "sphere
of influence" ail its. own.
Its first impulse, however, was to quick
ly and quietly withdraw from the stable ,
yard and leave the rod cart in undisputed
possession, but the little £lrl of 12, with
the aid cf a brand-new whip, checked this
impulse on the instant. Then they both
proceeded to argue the question, the colt
meanwhile maneuvering for a position as
lar from the red cart as the narrow con
fines of the stable yard would permit.
The little girl of 12 was a strong and
sturdy and mettlesome miss, with' large
Hashing eyes and . masses of brown hair
tossing in becoming abandon about her
htay. She had a mind of her own that
would brook no opposition — not even at
the ecst of spoUing a new white dress.
The young sorrel colt 'was also sturdy
and strong and mettlesome and unaccus
tomed to beir.g ordered about. It felt that
it was too young to be trifled with. More
over, it took less account of the new white
drtss than even the little girl of 12 herself.
But the young sorrel colt and the freshly
painted red cart were gifts just received
from her father, and having a mind to
display her new possessions in conjunc
tion in a drive through the park the little
girl of 12 was in no mood to be thwarted.
Nor was she — at first. Much to the sur
prise of the young sorrel colt, and. If the J
truth be known, to the little girl of 12 as
well — it was soon harnessed securely be
tween the shafts of the freshly painted
red cart, and high-stepping dizzily
through the first stretches of the Pan
handle driveway, with the little girl of 12
sitting proudly erect on the seat
But when that dazed feeling began to
wear away the young sorrel colt suddenly
realized how degrading is servile bondage.
If it would be free it must strike, or
rather kick, for independence, now or
never. It kicked, and in a few minutes
nothing of the freshly painted red cart
was left attached to the young sorrel colt '
but the shafts.
Then the co!t bolted. It knew not
whither, but wherever it went the little
girl of 12 was never farther behind than
the lencth of the reins that twisted a
cruel bit in its mouth, and thus, despite
its most frantic efforts to escape, it was
taken back, humbled and conquered, to
the stable yard, where the freshly painted
cart was piled up In sections, while the
little girl of 12 calmly walked home
to reassure her distracted parents that
the big red spots on her new white dress
were not blood stains, but only inartistic
daubs of i>aint.
That was how Miss Bertha Gardner and
"Sweetheart" became acquainted five
years ago, and the lesson in obedience
which "Sweetheart" learned that day has
never been forgotten. Since then the
sturdy little girl has grown to a robust
and fascinating maidenhood and the
young sorrel colt has become a big, proud
steed, as wiry as a mustang and as fleet
of foot as a racer. Since then, too,
"Sweetheart" has learned many other
things besides obedience and, incidentally,
in the teaching of these accomplishments,
Miss Gardner has become known as the
most daring horsewoman in the park.
On formal occasions she -wears the con
ventional black riding habit and looks
staid and prim on a side saddle, but for
her own comfort she prefers her natty
suit of brown corduroy, with its jaunty
little jacket and the divided skirt, reach
ing but a few inches below the knee to
nitet high patent leather boots, the tots
of vliic.ii are thrust daintly Into ihc
heavy leather bound stirrups of a Mexican
cross saddle. With a red vest to give a
touch ot color to the costume and a
suaw "sailor" or soft Alpine hat, worn
more for security than style, she is a
ljerfect picture of the healthy, sport lov
ing, girl of the West.
Tims mounted she rides like the wind
with the careless ease and grace and se
curity of a trained cowboy. Aftd in all
the accomplishments that have made the
American vaquero the most brilliant
horseman in the world, the simile is not
inapt, for Miss Gardner can twirl a lariat
an skillfully as she rides.
This fact she recently demonstrated in
a sensational runaway in the park, when
she dashed to the rescue of two women
in a buggy and brought the frightened
animals to a standstill before either of
the women fully realized their periL To
them the runaway was almost a tragedy
and their pretty savior a heroine of won
drous bravery. To Miss Gardner it was
simply an incident— a little excitement to
relieve the monotony of a daily canter
nothing more.
But she loves the thrill of danger that
comes with the risk and - uncertainty of ¦
mastering a spirited animal. It is no
unusual sight to see her hurdling over ail
sorts of obstructions In the wild stretches
of the park or racing madly through the
breakers in a Dervish-like ride down the
beach that sends the foam flying and
drenches both horse and rider in briny
epray.
Thus "Sweetheart" has been trained to
ell sorts of sensational deeds. She has
been taught bjt her young mistress to
stop suddenly in full. flight, rear straight
up on her hind legs, turn completely
round vrith a swift motion and go plung
ing back over the course she has come
alert ' whenever ;she~ was out with me.
After that she . learned the difference be
tween trotting and ; pacing, ' single- footing
and galloping, so that she will do any of
these things now t whenever I, tell her to
.without the . necessity of | touching the
reins, gripping the saddle, with my knees,
shifting : my position' or any of the cus
tomary methods of training a horse. f
"Whenever I say 'trot' she trots. When
I say 'gallop' she gallops, and so on. It's
much easier that - way. I could ride her
without either saddle or bridle. She un
derstands me so perfectly that when I
command her to turn to the right or to
the left she turns. • : - -
"After I found that I could control her
so well I taught her to hurdle. This -was
easy. "All that. I had to do was to ride up
In front of an obstruction and tell her to
jump. She jumped. In this way, when 1
command it) she will jump over even an
imaginary - hurdle. Then came stair
climbing and bucking like a bronco." She
doesn't like to do this, for It jars her as
much as it does - me when she goes
straight up in the air and comes straight
down again, with all four legs as stiff as
ramrods. It's funny to see her do that.
Didn't you ever see her — really? Oh, you'll
laugh. Just watch." ,
Miss Gardner rode out .into the middle
of the driveway, laughing .softly to her
self at the spectacle she was about to
create. "Sweetheart" looked docila. even
drowsy, in the warm sun until the com
mand 'came, sharp and clear. "Buck,
Sweetheart, buck!"
Instantly "Sweetheart's" whole' de
meanor underwent a complete change.
She became the very picture of untram
meled vicipusness. She kicked and snort
ed and careened madly about, turning,
twisting and plunging forward with the
peculiar side-winder motion- that has
made the "Western mustang the worst
animal in the world to ride. "With every
moment she developed a new frenzy,
until it seemed that both horse and riaer
would go crashing down Into a shapeless
heap.
"That will do. Babe."
"Sweetheart" stopped as suddenly aa
she began, and in a moment was stand-
Ing still, with the old, docile, drowsy air
strong upon her again. The contrast was
absolutely ludierous.
"Oh. isn't that fun!" laughed Miss
Gardner, brushing her disarranged tresses
back into place under her hat. "I think
it's perfectly jolly. After I got her to do
that I 'taught her to prance and dance
to music, to shake hands and follow me
about like a dog, and all sorts of things
like "that. ,
'"then one day we were challenged to
an impromptu race to the beach. We won,
and I was so glad that I exclaimed, *Oh,
you ought to stand on your hind legs.
Babe, and make your bow for an honor
like this. Come,-, stand up.' Much to my
surprise, she did',- j <i"d almost unseated
me. Now she likes.', ta plunge for me. Can
she hold the pole for; a-ptcture? "Well, Just
say when you are ready, and see."
The'photographer made a small circle in
the sand of the driveway. "Sweetheart"
was' driven in it, the photographer took
the focus and at the word "ready" the
horse rose straight into the air and stood
poised there for several seconds while tho
picture was being taken. The scene was
remarkable for its . tensity. If the horse
should' lose its footing- and go toppling
over • backward 'the* daring young rider
would be killed instantly. But Miss Gard
ner has more confidence In "Sweetheart's"
skill and self-control than even "Sweet
heart" herself. .
"Now watch her do that same plung«
without me," said Miss Gardner, slipping
out of the saddle. "Are you ready?"
"Ready," answered the photographer.
"Up, Sweetheart, up!" commanded Miss
Gardner, and without moving a foot from
the circle the horse stood on its hind legs
while the second picture was taken.
The whole performance before the cam
era was truly remarkable, as the pictures
themselves amply demonstrate. There is
not another horsewoman in the "West who
can ride as this young -woman does; but
she thinks it is nothing to boast of.
"I'll soon be too old to ride in divided
skirts," she says with a sigh. And that
is her only worry just now. ¦*»
"Is that her. real name? Oh, no; not ex
actly. You, see, I call her anything that
comes into my mind first. Sometimes It's
•Babe,' then it's 'Pet', or 'Darling,' or any
thing nice like that. It's not the name
itself that she listens for; it's the way it
is said.
'.'Oh, you maybe sure she knows when
I am angry. Then she gets nervous and
skittish and restless. But.I;have to get
that way sometimes, so that she can see
the difference when I am kind to her. Of
course, 1 don't spoil her; that "would nev
er do; but I have to treat her that way
to keep her fiery and active. If you be
gin that way with horses and keep it up
from the very first it is easy to teach
them anything you want.
" 'Babe's' .first lessons were how, to be
have properly. Sometimes she would
slouch along, and I had to teach her that
*he must, always keep her bead up and
with reckless speed. It is all so startling
eo r unexpected, j so thrillingly spectacular
that the beholder, who sees "it executed
for the first, time is transfixed - with fear
for the safety of the fair '- rider r .:' But
throughout "Sweetheart's" most vicious
antics Miss Gardner herself maintains her
easy poise with 'calm confidence. In her
Impulsive, girlish .way she enjoys the ef
fect- of ; : these -hair-raising i performances
on the spectators. _ • .
... "I didn't know that 'Sweetheart' would
do that," she said, "until a short time
ago, and then I was surprised. You know,
ever since" we had that first misunder
standing, when she was a little colt and
I had to show her that I was boss, ' I've
taught her to do everything at word of
command. : Horses are f unify that way.
You can do more by talking with them
;than by v/hipplng them. Anyhow, that Is
the way It la with 'Sweetheart.' h .
Most Daring
Morsewoman
in the
Park
Photos by BushnelL•" •\\p1I.' retorts Dave, 'I won't dispoote
with you; an' even at that I reygards
your present attitoode as one of bluff. I
thinks you're shore the cunnin'est wolf in
the territo; Jan, an' allers is. But. as
I'm sayin': »Vhen I first begins to Infest
Tucson. I'm* so ignorant it's a stain en
that meetropoiis.
. " 'At this yere epeck, Tucson ain't
spread an' spraddled to its present proud
dimensions. A gent might have thrown
the loop of a lariat about the outfit an'
drug it into rooir.s with a pony. No one.
hovrever, performs this feat, as the camp
1= as petyoolant as a t'rant'ler, an' any on
authorized dalliance with its sensibilities
would have led to some mighty vivid
plays. Still, she ain't big, Tucson ain't;
an* I learns my way about from center
to suburbs in the first ten minutes.
" "At the beginnin' I'm a heap timid. J
" but. hold on,* says Dan; 'don't g?t
your chips down so <j.uick. As I starts
to explain, I ain't locked up; but it's be
cause I'm in a camp like Wolfvllle yere
that ain't sunk to the level of no cala
boose. But what cor.._s to be the same.
I'm made captif, an' held as sech ontil
the roodirr.ejits of western sense is done
beat into me. It takes the yoonited ef
forts of a dozen of the soonest sharps
thst ever happen; but; final, they suc
ceeds .to a p'int that I m doomed cap'ble
of goin' about alone: whereat they re
moves my hobbles an' throws me loose.'
«">f N" speakin' of dooels," remarked
f I the Old Cattleman, apropos of an
I I anecdote of the field of honor
I wherewith I regaled his fancy,
"ppeakin' of dooels. I reckons now
the encounter Dave Tutt involved him
ee'f with when he first see*s Tucson, takes
easy an' onchallenged precedence for
utter bloodlessness. She's shore the most
lamb's wool form of single combat "to
which my notice is ever drawn. Dave
enlightens us concernin* its details him
f*»'f, bein' incited tharunto by hearin'
Texas Thompson relate about the Austin
shootin' match of that Deaf Smith party.
" 'Which this yere is 'way back yond j r
on the trail of time,' explains Dave, 'an*
I'm hardened a heap since then. I've jest
come buttin* into Tucson an' it's apples
to ashes I'm the tenderest an' most on
taught party that wears store moccasins.
What I misses knowin' would make as
husky a library— if it's all printed down in
books — as ever lines up on shelves. Also,
I'm freighted to the limit with the ten
derfoot's usual outfit of misinformation.
It's sad, yet troo! As I casts my gaze
r'arward a whole lot, I Identifies myse's
as ondoubted the balmiest brand of short
horn who ever leaves his parents' shel
terln' roof."
" 'All the same,' says Dan Boggs. plenty
conceited, 'I'll gamble a hoss I'm a bigger
eediot when I quits Missouri to roam the
cow country than ever you-all can boast
of bein' ln your most Imbecile hour.'
" "Do they lock you up?' asks Dave.
" 'No,' says Dan. 'they don't lock me
up none, but — *
" 'Then you lose," Insists Dave, mighty
prompt
CopyrJtrht. 19C2, by Robert Howard Russell.
" 'Right yere, penis,' an* Dave pauses
like a solemn thought strikes him, 'I
don't reckon I has to caution none of
you-all not to go repeatin' these yere
mem'ries of gay days an' gone, -where
my wife Tucson Jennie cuts their trail.
I ain't afraid of Jennie; she's a kind, troo
he'pmeet; but ever since that onfortunate
entanglement with the English towerist
lady her suspicions sets up nervous in
their blankets at the mere mention of
"'Bern' nimble-blooded in them 'days,
I'm a heap arduous about the dance hall.
I gets ' ihfatyooated with the easy good
fellowship of that hurdy-gurdy; an', even
after I leaves Tucson proper, an' is
camped some railes away, I raddles up
every other evenin', riches in an", as says
the poet, "shakes ontirin* laig even into
the wee small nours."
" 'Old Jeffords is shore right; in the
Southwest if you aims to bear a charmed
life nevr wear a six-shooter. This maxim
goes anyv.-here this side of the Misris
sippi. East of that mighty river it's the
other way.
" 'After that I goes guiltless of arms;
I ain't hungerin' for no immortality
abrupt.
" * "Which I allows as much," he says,
"from the egreeglous way you fidgets with
it. Now let me pass you-all . a pointer
from the peaks of experience. You caper
back, to the tavern an' take that weepon
off. Or what's as well, you pass It across
to the barkeep. If you-all goes romancin'
'round with that hardware at your belt,
it's even money it'll get you beefed. Allers
remember while in Arizona that you'll
never get plugged— onless by inadvertence
—as long as you wander about in onheeled
innocence. No gunless gent gets downed;
sech is the onbreakable roole."
" ' "Pard," I replies, "speakin' confiden
shul an' between gent an' gent, this yere
weapon is plumb novel to me."
" 'Bein' timid an* ignorant, I takes good
advice. It's in the Oriental. Thar's a old
gray clmmaron hibernatin" about the bar,
whose name is Jeffords.
Be you-all conversant with that
gun you packs V asks this Jeffords.
" 'I feels the hot blush mountin' in my
tender cheeks, but I concedes I ain't.
" 'Never does I b'ar witness to as many
as seven contemporaneous remainders but
once; an* then thar's cause.. It's in . a
poker game; an' the barkeep brings the
dealer a cold deck onder a tray whereon
he purveys the drinks. Which the discov*- v
ery of this yere solecism, as you-all well
Imagines, arouses a interest, earnest an"
widespread like I describes. I counts up
when the smoke lifts an' finds that 'seven
has done sought eternal peace. Common,
as you-all saveys, two is the number;
three bein' quite a shipment. Shore, it's
speshul sickly when as many as seven
starts out together!
suffers from the common Eastern theory,
an' looks en Arizona as a region where
it's murder straight an' lynchin" for a
place. You-alls may jedge from that how
erroneous is my idees. Then, a3 now,
the distinguishin' feacher of Tucson exist
ence is a heavenly ca'm. Of course, now
an" then the air nacherally tills up with
bullets like a passel of swallow birds, an'
the lead hums an' sings their merry
roundelays. However these busy seasons
don't set in so often nor last so long, but
peaceful folks has ample chance to
breathe.
" ' "Which we-all will see about this
later," gTowls Yuba, as he leaves the bar.
" • "Go as far as you like, old sport," I
retorts, for this last edition, as Colonel
Sterett'would say It, of Valley Tan, makes
me that brave I'm miseratin' for a riot
" 'It's the next day before I'm firm
enough to come ag'in to Tucson. This
yere stage wait in the tragedy is doo to
fear exclusive. I hears how Yuba is
plumb bad; how he's got two notches on
his stick; how he's filed the sights off his
gun; an' how in all respects he's a mur
derer of merit an* renown. Sech news
makes me timid two ways: I'm afraid
Yuba'll down me some; an' then ag'in I'm
afraid he's so pop'lar I'll be lynched if I
downs him. Shore, that felon Yuba be
gins to assopme in my apprehensions the
stern teachers of a whipsaw. At last I'm
preyed on to that degree I'm desperate,
an' I makes up my mind to Invade Tuc-
" 'Yuba passes his weapon over the bar,
an' I follows suit with Boone's. Then we
drink with our eyes on each other in si
lent scorn. ¦':._*, '.'-."
" 'When this Boone beholds me.* says
Dave, 'annex his gun that a-way, he al
most c'lapsea into a fit. He makes a
backward leap that shows he ain't lived
among rattlesnakes in vain. Then he
stretches his hand toward me an* Yuba.
an' says: "Don't shoot! Let's take a
drink; It's on the house!"
" 'Yuba with his nose still a peaceful
gray, turns from the gun an' sidles for
the bar; I follows along, tristy. but plenty
alert. When we-all is assembled, Boone
makes a wailin* request for his six
shooter.
" • "Get his," I says at the same time,
animadvertln* at Yuba with the muzzle.
" 'I'm that scared I fairly hankers for
the privilege of howlin'. but I realizes
acootely that havin' come this far
towards homicide I must needs go
through if Yuba crowds my hand. But
he don't; he's plumb forbearin' that a
way, an' stands mute an' still. Likewise,
I sees his nose, yeretofore the color of a
over-ripe violin, begin to turn sear an'
gray. I recovers sperit at this, as I knows
I'm saved. Still I keeps the artillery on
him. It's the inflooence of that gun that
holds Yuba spellbound, an' I feels shore if
I relaxes he'll be all over me like a bag
gage wagon down hilL'
" 'Which I should say so.' says Jack
Moore, drawin' a deep breath. 'You
takes every chance, Dave, when you don t
cut loose that time!'
. "'"Bern' now organized," I says, "this
war dance may proceed."
" 'You're plenty ready with that Colt's,'
I gays to Yuba, an' my tones is severs.
That's because you sees me weaponless.
If I has a gun now, I'd make you yell like
a coyote.' * .
" 'S'pose you ain't heeled,' remonstrates
Yuba, 'that don't -give you no license to
stand thar aboosin' me. Be I to blame
because your toilette ain't complete? You
go frame yourse'f up, an' all wait'; an'
with that this, yere Yuba takes his hand
from his artillery.
" "Thar's a footile party who keeps the
dance hall, who signs the books as
Colonel. Boone.* He's called the "King of
the Cowboys" i most likely ln a sperlt.of
facetiousness since he's a heap more like
a deuce that a king. This Boone's packin*
a most excellent six-shooter loose ln the
waistband of his leggin'a. Boone's passln'
by as Yuba lets fly his taunts, an* this
yere piece of ordnance . is In easy reach.
With one motion I secures It, an' the mo
ment followin* the muzzle is pressln*
ag*inst a white pearl button on Yuba's
bloo shirt.' . •'
"'Jest the same,' says Dave, slightly
dogmatic. 'I still asserts that In a con
cealed. Inborn fashion, I'm timid, abso
loote. If you-all has ever beheld me stand
up ag'in the iron, it's because I'm 'shamed
to quit. I'd wilt out like a jackrabbit if
I ain't held up by pride.'
" 'Dave, you-all makes me plumb nerv
ous,' says Boggs with a heap of heat,
•tettin' thar. Iyin' about your timidity
that a-way. You're about as reluctant
for -trouble as a grizzly, b'ar, an* you
couldn't fool no gent here on that p'int
for so much as one White chip.'
known graves. So don't you-all pester
me, for the outlook's dark."'
"It's now that Tuba— who's a mighty
cautious sport, an' forethoughtful, an*
prone to look ahead— regyards the talk as
down to cases an' makes a flash for his
gun. It's concealed by his surtoot an* I
ain't noticed it none before. Which, If I
had, most likely I'd pitched that conversa
tion In a lower key. However, by this
time I'm quarrelsome as a badger; an" a
wlllln'ness for trouble subdooes an' sets
its feet on my nacheral timidity an* holds
her down.'
" 'Gents, it's no avail to pursoo me an'
Yuba throughout them four feverish days
We drifts from one drink shop to the
other, arm ln arm. as peaceful an'
pleased a pair of sots as ever disturbs the
better element Which we're the scandal
of Tucson: we-all Is that thickly amiable
sech pards as Damon an' Pythias by
compar'son shore ain't on speakin' terms
Thus ends my first dooel; a conflict as
bloodless as she Is successful. How long
It would have taken me an* Yuba to thor
oughly cement our friendships will never
be known. At the finish, we-all Is torn
asunder by the Tucson Marshal an* I'm
returned to my camp onder gyaxd. Me
an' Yuba before nor since never does wax
that friendly; with any other gent; we'd
bo like brothers yet only tb© Strajujlers
ov#r to Shakespeare seizes on pore Yuba
one mornin' an' strings him up a whole
lot' "
onexpected yet perfect fraternalism an*
complete peace, that Yuba an' me shore
drinks a whole lot. , It gets so. final I
refuses to return to my own camp- I
won't be separated from Yuba, When' we
can no longer drink, we turns in at Yuba's
wickeyup an' sleeps together. The next
mornin* we picks up the work of recon
ciliation where it slips from our tire<l
hands the evenin' before. I does intend to
reepair to my camp when we rolls out
but after the third con'jint drink, both
me and Yuba sees so many reasons why
It's fool play for us to part. I gives up
the idee utter.
" 'Beth our besoms so wells with Jty,
settin" thar as we do In a atmosphere of
" ' "Well, she's a thing of the past now."
explain? Yuba. "an' this evenin' you're as
pop'lar with me a3 a demijohn at a camp
meetin'."
", 'As we fronts the bar an' demands
nosepaint, Yuba gives up his arms; an'
full of a jocund llghtheartedness as I
realizes that I ain't marked for Instant
slaughter, I likewise yields up mine. We
then has four drinks ln rapid, yet happy
alternation. An' next we seeks a table
an' subsides into seven-up.
"Then thar ain't goin' to be no dooel
between us?" I says to Yuba. It's at a
crisis when he's jest turned jack, an' I
flggers he'll be more soft an" leenie-ir.
"It's to be a evenin' of friendly peace?"
An* why not?" says Yuba. "I've
shore done took all the skelps that's com
in' to me, an' as for you-all. you're
plumb young an' my counsel is to never
begin. That pooerile spat we has don't
count. I'm drlnkin' at the time* an' I
don't reckon you attaches importance to
what a gent says when he's in licker""
Not to what he says." I replies;
but I does to what he shoots. I lno^3
with gravity on the gun plays of any gent
an' the drunker he is. the more serious r
reygards the episode."
" * "Which he's assoomin' airs of friend
ship," I roommates, "to get me off my
gyard." " ,
" 'I starts across to Yuba. I'm watch In'
like a lynx; an' I'm that harrowed up. if
Yuba so much as sneezes, or drops his
hat, or makes . a. r'arward move of his
hand, I'm doo to open on him. But he
stands still as a hill an' nothin' more ms
nacin' than smiles. As I comes clost, ha
offers his hand. It's prior to my shootln*
quick an* ackerate with my left hand, so I
don't give Yuba my right, holdln' the
same in reserve for an* In
case thar's a change of weather. But
Yuba, who can see It's fear that a-way, is
too p'Ute to make comments. He shakes
my left hand with weir bred enthoosiasm.
Then he turns an' heads the way Into the
Oriental.
" 'As I arrives opposite. Yuba stretches
out his hand. "Come over," he sings out.
" 'It's about second drink time the next
afternoon when, havin' donned my weap
ons, I rides Into Tucson. After leavin*
my pony at the corral, I turns into ihe
main street. It's seqrehin' hot, an-' thar's
hardly anybody In sight. Up in front at
the Oriental, as luck has It, stands Yuba
an* a party of doobious morals who slays
hay for the Gov'ment, an' is addressed aa
Lon Gillette. As I swings into the'eause
way, Gillette geta his eye on me an'
straightway fades Into the Oriental, leav
in' Yuba alone In the street. Thia yere
strikes me as mighty ominous; I feels the
beads of water come onder m"y hatband,
an' I begins to crowd my gun a leetle
further for'ard on the belt. I'm walkin'
up on the opposite side from Yuba. who
stands watchln' my approach with a se
rene mien.
" ' "It's the ca'mness of the tiger
crcuchin' for a spring," thinks I.
•on. cross up with Tuba an* let him do
his worst. The nervousness of extreme
youth doubtless Is what goads me to this
yere decision.
Wolfville Stories
TJtLti ISUJNJDAY CJAi-i..
A Remarkable Experiment With Air Pressure
two tumblers must be complete. '¦. The can
dle will be extinguished as soon as the air
to' the "tumbler is consumed. . Lifting the
upper. tumbler,-. we win find that the other
will stick to it:and. that, we, can lift both
cuVthem without their Beeaxatlng.
paper, big enough, to cover tn« tumbler/
as shown . in | figure, soaJc Urn water and
place it over j the ¦ tumbler containing- the
candle. iThen place, the other tumbler an
top of it as shown In figure. To make the
experiment successful,' the adhesion of the
.Select two tumblers of. even size .- and
convince yourself that the rims fit exactly
on one another." Fasten a small piece of a
candle on .the; bottom': of .one of- the tum
blers, set. the . tumbler on the <, table and
light the candle. Take' a piece of ¦ strong
that purpose we place the piece oi sugar
oS : ?w2 > S a ?' fla « P^e of cork swlmmins
on the water. We place the glass over it
?om V^t 'tOwnnntlJ >t reaches the boc
wVl find th-wV Re ™ ov «ns-«M»-Sflass.-we
wi.i nnd that the sugar is dry as before i
£n£f 2? ntalned ln glass having pre-'
the sujSf WatCr C ° ming ln c °ntact with
By putting a glass; In the 'water upside
down, you wiirnotice that the surface of
l£Z » a v. te r lnsId e of the glass lies deeper
than that outside of the glass. We will
make use of this fact when we imitate a
divers bell. . \. • "
- We have a tub of water and a glass. Our
taskls to place a piece of sugar under the
eurface of the water without melting. For
To fasten a coin— for instance, a quarter
of a dollar — on a door or wooden wall, as
shown in figure, without the help of paste
or mechanical preparation, take the coin
between thumb and middle finger and lay
it fiat on the wood. Then, rub it up and
down with strong pressure. Stop this mo
tion suddenly, pressing nard on the ! coin,
and It will stick to the wood. The rubbing
and pressing hasbeated what little air
there was between the wood and the coin
and removed Jt. the outside* air -pressing
on the coin and holding it against the
woodwork.
Tie the two ends of a piece of cord,
forming a ring. Lay the ring so that it
forms a double ring, which you have
somebody cut in two pieces with a pair of
scissors. Put the two end pieces in your
n:outh. turn the cord somewhat, pull it
out quickly and— the cord will be found I
whole.
This little trick is very pimple. After
tying the cord, form a double ring, but!
with the loop as shown in A. This loop
hide between the thumb and index finger, :
B, and the double ring will appear com- j
plete. Have the ring cut close to your
thumb, CO. These ends you, take in your
K mouth, the small end, B, you remove with
your tongue, and the cord, D, will appear
Whole.
The Wonder-Cord.
The Magic Coin.
THE NECESSARY MATEBIAL FOB THE TRICKS IN THESE
COLXTMUrS ABE FOUND IN EVEBY FUN-LOVING HOME, OB
MAY EASILY BE PBOCTTBED AT THE EXPENSE OF A FEW
CENTS,
Sugar not Melted Under Water
¦ ¦ • •: • *- ¦ .¦..¦•¦-. ......
"We-all is that thickly amiable, seen, pards as Damon an' Pythias by compar'son' shore ain't on speakin' terms "
frivolities wherein she hears my name. ¦ I ¦
asks you, tharfore, not to go sayln' things
to feed her doubts. With Tucson Jennie, i \
my first business is to live down my
past.'
" 'You-all can bet,' says Texas Thomp
son, while his brow clouds, 'that I learns
enough of lovely, woman an' her ways
while livin' with my former wife to make
sech requests sooperfluous in: my case.
Speshully since if it ain't for what the
neighbors done tells the lady, she'd never
go ropin' 'round for that Laredo divorce.
No, Dave; your secrets is plumb safe with
a gent who's suffered like me.' ',] v
" 'Which I saveys I'm safe with/ all of
you,' says Dave, his confidence which the
thoughts of Tucson Jennie sort o' stam
pedes, beginnin' to return. 'But now an'
then them gusts of apprehensions" fre
quent with married gents sweeps over me,
an'.I feels weak. But comin' back to the
dance hall: As I su'gests, thar's many a
serene hour I whiles away, tharin. Your
days an' your dinero shore flows plenty
swift in that temple of merriment. An'
chilled though I be with the stiff dignity
of a wedded middle age, if it ain't for my
infant son, Enright Peets Tutt, to whom
I'm strivin' to set examples, I'd shore ad
mire to prance out an' live ag'in them
halcyon nights; that's whatever! ' ,
" 'Thar's quite a sprinklin' of the elect
of Tucson in the dance hall the evenin'
I has in mind. The bar. is busy, while up
an'- down : each side sech refreshln' pas
times as faro bank, monte an' roulette
holds prosperous sway. .Thar's no quad
rille goin'. at the moment, an' a lady to
the r'ar is carollin' "Rosalie, the Prairie
Flower." "'¦.¦¦¦ . ' :
Fair as a lily bloomin* in May,
Sweeter than roses, bright as the day!
Every I one I who knows her feels her gentle
power,
Rosalie, the Prairie Flower.
" 'On this yere o'casion I'm so fortunate
as to be five drinks ahead, an* tharfore
would sooner listen to myse'f talk than to
the warblln' of said cantatrice. As it is,
I'm. conversin' with a gent who's stand-
In' hard by.
" 'At my elbow is posted a shaggy an*
forbiddln' lookln' outlaw, whose name Is
Yuba Tom an*' who's ; more harmonious
than met He wants to listen to "Rosalie,
the Prairie Flower." Of a sudden he
w'irls about, plenty peevish.
" ' "Stick a period to that powwow,"
observes this Yuba; "I wants to hear this
prlma donna sing."
" 'Bein'. gala .with them five libations, I
turns on Yuba a heap haughty. "If you're
sobbin' to hear this songstress," I says,
"go for'ard an' camp down at her feet.
But don't come pawin' your way into no
conversations with me. An' 1 don't hang
up no bluff." .
, .. . "Which if you disturbs me further,"
retorts Yuba, "I'll turn loose for shore
an' crawl your hump a lot."
Them foolhardy sports," I replies,
"who has yeretofore attempted that en
terprise found it to be more. than a mere
formality. One an' all they sleeps in on-
4
Home magicL. ROBERTS,
; Mission Gram mar.
B-Black.
1— Superintendent W. aI Klngsbury.
2 — About 40 years.
3 — About 6 feet; 160 pounds.
4.— Blue.
MARY C AVAiNAGH,
Lincoln Grammar.
3— About 6 feet 2 Inches; 180 pounds '?¦''}
4— Blue.' \"
5— Dark brown. ¦".: . ' ' * V '
6— Mustache.
7-NO.' 1 -/; .."
8-A long faca. with hair growing
down a little below his ears; a high fore
head.'. , . ¦ ; : .4
9— Never, as I have only seen him oncel.
10— I did hot notice any Jewelry on 'him.
11— Long, slender hands. '
12-Quick gait .
* 2 — About .35 or 40 years.
. Hamilton Grammar.
1 — I do not know. '
G..ELLINGER,
Horace Mann.
1— Mr. W. R.. Webster.
2— He is about 45. . ,
S-His height Is about 8 feet" 8 inches
weight 180 pounds. ¦
4— The color of his eyes is blue.
S-^-The color of his hair is light.
6— He has a mustache, but no beard.
7— I don't think so.
8— His* face Is rather long and a rather
high forehead.
, 9-Yes. . ,.
10-He had a gold watch i and chain and
a" stud in his bosom.
11— His hands were not very large.
12— His walk Is not very fast; he does
not take very long. or too .short steps
13— He is. a. very pleasant-looking man
and rather Jolly. • ¦--- .- ¦ •
14— He Is American.
15— He told us that we • should always
remember faces and appearances of any-
MABEL SIMMXE,
1— I don't know.
2 — Forty or more.
8— Long face, high forehead.
1*— I don't know.
10— I. don't know.
II — Long, narrow and not plump.
12— Takes long steps.
13 — I don't know. '
14— An Englishman.
15— He said he was sorry to have kept
us waiting, but a circumstance he nor
the lady with him could prevent made
them late. But he was glad he got here,
and that It was a pleasure to look at all
the bright faces. He then said that it
¦was a very goo'd idea to try and cultivate
our memory to remember faces, dates and
names; that it was a very necessary thing
MINNIE STOYER,
Lincoln Grammar.
2— Forty-six years old.
.¦" 3— Six feet one inch. '
1 8— Long . face; high forehead.
- 9— No. .¦ ,.'¦¦•
10—One ring, a shirt-stud and cuff-but
tons.**?.,:;-,- ; ; ¦ 'iik ' ' . •
11-f-Large hands, without any scars.
: 12-^-He , took short steps . and , walked In
a ''medium gait.' .
13— He was rather' fleshy, took- short
steps,; wore a brown mustacha, small
blue eyes and was tall.
14^-German. </ . \.
15-r-lt Is always well to take notice of
everything that happens In our dally life.
Wo all looked I bright. It was In his line
of ¦ business ,4 to I notice \ the ' appearance of
people. 1 . He 'was sorry to keep us "wait
ing, but it' was ¦ something , he could not
(neither he nor Miss Prazler. could)" help.'
OLIVE NELANDER,
• Hamilton Grammar.
11— I think his hands are kind of large.
12— I. think he walks like any other gen
tleman.
13— Any peculiarity of the man that
would be . noticeable if you ' have a good
description of his features.
14—1 think he is an American.
15— He said to me that ; If we ever met
n<*n to say "How do you do?" and ask
him If he knows me and ever saw me at
the Lincoln School on Wednesday, on
April 12.. 1902, -and If he said he did not re
member we could laugh at him. Ha also
said that he would notice our face and re
member us if we could.
1— I don't know his name.
2—1 think ho is about 36 or 40 years of
age.
ft— I think he Is 8 or 7 feet high and
weighs about 150 pound*.
4—1 think his eyes aro gray.
5— Tha color of hla hair Is light brown.
6— He has only a mustache.
7—1 think he has no scars on face or
hands.
8— His face Is long, and his forehead is
not very high.
&— I hava noticed no peculiarity of dress-
Ing.
10— He wears a ring and a watch.
FRANCES ZAGRZETWSKI,
2-Korty-three.years.
3— Five feet ten inches. One hundred
and eighty-six pounds.
8 — His face is long and his forehead is
9— He has a bluish suit.
10— A gold watch, chain and a ring.
11— His hands are long. J
12—1 do not know.
13— His height and shape.
15 — He said that he would like to have
us have a good memory, so that when we
see any one we can remember how he
looked, what he said, and that when we
see that person . again we can tell him
what he said.
1— I do not know. '
J. QUAST,
Lincoln Grammar.
s~ 15-lHe v said ; to us . to " b« , careful . in. re
membering dates.i take an Interest' in \ tha
things around t you and ' at night j before
retiring to look back through the day and
remember 'the events ¦ of the'day and this
would improve our memory -and we would
find it a help, through life,' andi study, the
customs of the people around you, and ! if
you ever see ' this man '-' to ; go up to him.
.and , say » "How do you- do, - sir ; .' do you
remember where you \ saw me?", just to
test his memory. : He said he was making
a study of people and their ways.
14—1 \ think : he Is ' an American.
; Mission' Grammar.
1— I don't know.
' S-^About 37: years of age.
• 8— His - height , is * about flva feet eleven
inches;. his weight Is ; about 165 pounds.
. 4— The color of his/eyea is a soft blue.
. 6-rHis hair : Is . black.
e-He has a' mustache.
7— He has no ecara on his face or hands.
8--His .face ,li, rather long and. his fore
head is. high. ¦ V; , ¦:,/>'_.
&— He ; has: no peculiarity in dress.
I 10--He ,wore , a .watch chain.
11— He', had smooth, : f at ' hands; /
12— He had a .very steady walk. .
18— He i seemed i to be ; very L: sociable.
WILLIAM KLNKTAIRD,
J— Six feet; 200 pounds.
4— Brown color.
6^rStraw color.
&— Mustache, but no beard.
8— Face was long and forehead low.
10— Gold chain of watch. /
11— His hand was same just ours. -
12— Stepped two or three feet at once.
13— His hair came down to about cheek.
14— Seems very kind/ .
15— We must be remember of shape of
person or | any other | thing, ' and .' If next
time* meet with at some place come to tell
him that we met at Lincoln' School Marcn
12. ' -:;r^-v • • ;• r:-;£*s
GEORGE IMAI,
Hamilton Grammar.
14— His nationality Is either English or
American. ¦ , v
16-^He spoke of the necessity and aid of
being observant and of remembering
things that you: notlca, such as dates
facts, faces etc. — . *
1— I don't know his name.
2— About 45 years. •
3— About 5' feet 8 Inches; weight about
190 pounds.
4— Blue.
B— Light brown.
6— He has a mustache, but Just a Uttls
beard, extending only a little way down
the side of his face. '
7 — No scars.
8— His face long, and a high forehead.
&— Very neatly and fittingly dressed and
very tidy.
10— Watch and chain, with a charm on
the chain, and gold cuff links.
11— He had large hands and long fingers.
12— He stood very erect, having a very
straight attitude while walking.
.13— He speaks with a clear, deep voice
and very plainly. ' ¦ ¦: -
MART CHRISTAL,
Clement Grammar.
MARION FRISBIE,
Clement Grammar.
1— I do not know.
2— Thlrty-elx years old?
8— He Is 5 feet 11 Inches.
4— His eyes are blue.
&— He has brown hair. ','lVv
6— He has a brown mustache.
7 — He has no noticeable scars.
8— His face is rather long and he has a
high forehead.
a-Yes.
10— He wore no Jewelry. *
11— His hands were of a medium size and
rather white.
12— He had a kind of a swing to his walk.
13 — His walk and eyes.
14-7HIS nationality is American.
15— He told us to always take notice and
remember faces, and in the evening to
thir.k over all of the things that we saw
and just to make. a mental picture of it
all. He also said to remember faces and
characters of people and perhaps some of
these boys would be noted men, and some
of the girls would be wives of millionaires
and entertain company.
He said he would think it a pleasure to
talk with us separately on different sub
jects, .and If he saw us on the street and
remembered us he would speak, and If
we saw him he would like us to speak,
to come up and ask him if he remembered
us. and If he did he would say he had
seen us in the Lincoln Grammar School
on the 12th of March, and if he did not
remember us he would say so and we
should have the laugh on him.
In life— probably some of the boys would
be Pierpont Morgans In the future and
handle large amounts of money and asso
ciate with many and have to remember;
that the girls would probably be their
happy wives and have large duties to
perform and in social life, and they, too,
would have to remember many things.
¦£ He said It would be a good plan to try
to remember at night what had happened
through the day and the people we had
seen.
6— No, he had neither. •
' 7-No. " : :¦..-:> ; ., ¦ •' '--;: . -
8—A long face, with hair growing' down
a little below his ears; a» high forehead.
9-No. : . - j
I , 10— None. .
\ 1 11— Not wrinkled, smooth as those of
one not used to manual labor..
12— Very straight; erfltt. and with a firm
Ctep. ' ' ¦•.. '¦¦¦¦ lyf . • \ ' ¦; •
13— Sharp, i piercing, . eyes and the man
ner, in which he holds his head when
speaking. . . , '. . :
14— He has the appearance of -an
American. ¦
15— He told us to always try to form the
habit of remembering things that; we' see
or hear; .'That some time the boys might
ba millionaires "and the girls might ba
tho . wives | of j millionaires and that then
a good memory might be very useful. He
also , told us -to -try at the end of I each
day to call ;to our«mlnds all '. the occur
rences of the ' day. > He also told us that
if we should ever meet him anywhere
that we should speak to him and see if
his memory yrus as good as ' he , was try
ing to make ours. P
ADRIAN GOETZEE, .
Horace Mann Grammar.'
1— Mr. Whitman.
. 2— He is about 45 years of age.
3-He is about 6 feet tall.
4— Hazel or blue, *
5— Gray (It gave that impression).
. 8— Rather long, with a high forehead.
, ,9— No.. • ¦¦ ' . ¦ :"¦ ¦ >,', ¦ r,
10— A ring on the little ringer of bis
, right hand and' a watch. .
"*11— His hands are large and red.
.12— He walks in a swinging style.
13-He has none.
15— He told us to cultivate the power of
.memory, to 'observe things closely. When
we come . home at night - to '. try and re
member things that passed during the
, day and to " remember things that have
passed and ' the faces of people we have
met. He said that If ever ws'met him
on the streets to come up to him and
'aBk him if he- had ever seen us before.
1 — I don't . know.
2— About 45.
3— Six feet; about 180 pounds.
4— Blue.
B— Dark brown.
6— Mustache. -.,. -
CLARA HARYETT,
Hamilton Grammar.
Lincoln School, Wednesday afternoon,
March 12." Now, after this you see how
much you can get out of a face.
HOWARD NACHTREEB,
Horace Mann. \
1— Wittman.
2 — Forty-five years. ,
i 3 — About S feet 11 Inches and 325
&— Had neither.
7— One on the side of his head.
8 — Long face and high forehead.
9— Yes.
10— A gold watch chain.
11— Long, thin hands.
12— Straight walk, with very Lttls
spring.
13— Wide shoulders.
14 — American, of English descent.
15-^-When you see any occurrence.
That he came kind of late, but It was no
fault of his nor the ladles that came with
him, and that It was on account of his
occupation; and In his occupation h» had
to take particular notice of tha faca and
dress of people. It Is no telling what you
young folks may come 'out — some may be
Pierpont Morgans and some of these
girls may be the wives of billionaires I
want you to take, particular notice of how
people look, and each day If you see
any Incident during the day Impress that
upon your minds, and each night after
you are home think of all the things you
have seen since morning. When I walk
along the street and I see you or you
see me I want you to come up and speak
to me and see If I remember your faces
and' where you were .when I saw you.
See if I say, "Yes; I saw you at the
SgORSg WflLTgR \VtiTtM0
15 — He said that we should have good
memories and remember everything that
we see from the time we rise In the morn
ing and going to school. / »
14 — I should think an American.
13— The hair that is growing. on the side
of his cheek and on the side of his ears. "
If we ever met -him on the street to stop
h^m and ask him. if he knew where I he
met us, and if, he diji not say at ' the
Lincoln School,' March 12, we could laugh
at him. ...
15— He said he was glad to see how we
noticed him, because he liked to be looked
at and he likes to look at others: He said
memory is the best faculty we can culti
vate. When we go home at night time
to try to recall the occurrences of the
day. He also said at the beginning that. he
was sorry to keep us so late, but on busi
ness which she or himself had something
to do with kept him from coming sooner.
He said he was glad to see such pretty
bright faces and may be some day the
boys will be millionaires like Morgan and
the girls wives of millionaires. He said
when we met him on the street for us to
go up to him and say don't you remember
EeeJng me before, and see -If I don't say
"Yes," I saw you at the Lincoln School on
the 12th of March. If I don't say that you
can have the laugh on me. Good day."
14-English.
8— It is long and plump with a black
beard and mustache. His" forehead is high.
9— He has a long- tailed coat and a white
shirt with a diamond stud.
10 — .
11— He has pretty hands, long, well-kept
fingers.
12 — His walk is slow and even.
13— His tall height and distinct set off
face.
7 — One on his face.
6— Both a beard and a mustache.
Clement Grammar.
2— Between *Q and 45.
3— About 5 feet 10 inches, and weighs
about 150 pounds.
6— Mustache.
7— No.
8— Round more than It Is long. , He has
a high forehead.
9-Neat but plain.
10— Nothing but a ring on tha little finger
of his right hand.
11— His hands are white and look as If
he never did any hard labor.
12 — He carries himself very nicely and
takes long strides. ,
13— He acts as If he would be easy to be
come acauainted with.
, 14— He looked like a German descent.
15— He told us to cultivate our memory
by thinking over what we have seen or
heard during the day. He also told us
that If we ever saw him on the street
to speak to him If he remembered us.
HAZEL SCTTAT),
12 — Describe his . walk. Ans. — Very erect, walks with military air, takes long steps.
13 — Mention any peculiarity of the man that would be noticeable to a casual ac
quaintance. Ana.— Impresses one as an unusually large man, probably because of his
height and large frame. In conversation his earnestness and directness, both in talk
ing and listening. ar» noticeable traits.
14— What Is his nationality?; Ans,— He Is an American.
4 — What is the color of his eyes? Ans.r— GrayUh blue, keen and deep set.
6 — What is the color of his hair? Ans. — Medium shade of brown. No noticeable
gray.
6 — Has he a beard or a mustache? Or both? Ans. — Brown mustache, short brown
side whiskers.
1 — Has he any noticeable sears on his face or hands? Ans. — No scars on either
lace or hands.
S — Describe the peculiarity of the face. Id It round, long, and Is his forehead high or
low? Ans. — Face Is long, large nose; fair, healthy complexion; pleasant smile;'fore
head particularly high and broad.
9— Have you ever noticed any peculiarity In dress, either in public or in private life?
Ans. — TVie.it black cutaway coat and vest, black trousers, black derby hat, white shirt
with standing collar, ends turned over slightly, black bow tie. white cuffs, black shoes.
10 — What jewelry does he wear? Ans. — Pearl shirt stud, gold collar button, small
linked cold watch chain worn across rest, plain geld cuff links.' a gold ring on little
finger of right hand set with two diamonds and a ruby In the center In star-shaped
settings, fold watch.
11 — Describe his bands. Ans. — Hands good sized, long and tapering; wears an 8 %
Questions and Correct Answers.
1 — What is his full name and how is it spelled? Ans. — George Walter Wittman.
2 — How old is he? Ans. — 44 years 8 months.
3 — What is his height and weight? Ans. — Height 6 feet 2% inches, weight 225
pounds. ,
Horace Mann.
1— Chief of Police Wittman.
2— Forty-eight years old. •
3— Five feet nine inches. One hundred
and ninety pounds.
4— Blue.
5 — Dark brown.
6 — Mustache, and his hair grows down
on each side of his face about two inches,
as if he were starting side chops.
7— No.
8— It is rather long and forehead is hi?h.
9 — In public life he wears a uniform t'.>
show he. is the Chief of Police. In private
life nothing particular, but I noticed .»s
had a coat cut round.
•10— A ring on his little finger.
11— His hands are large.
12— He walks very straight. .
13— If he was speaking to you, you
would notice he had a very deep voice.
14 — American.
- 15— He said that if we should ever see
him on the street we should go up and
speak to him, . ask him if he remem
bers us and see If he says "Yes. at the
Lincoln School on March 12, 1902," and if
he does not remember we will have the
laugh on him. He al3o said when he first
came in "That he was sorry to have kept
us waiting, but he could not get here ear.y
on account of his business." He said
"that he was glad to see such pleasant
looks on the young ladies' and the young
gentlemen's faces; that he hoped as we
were growtrg up we would pay particular
attention to things that were going on
around us. Pay particular attention to
people, that you might be able to answer
questions if any were put toVou. and he
hoped that some day the young ladies
would be millionaires, or* at least the
wives of millionaires, and the young gen
tlemen would be another 'Armour,* or, in
other words, millionaires." And he sin
cerely hoped that we would meet again.
LENA WOLFMAN,
• 1— The gentleman is Chief of Police
George Wittman.
2— He is about 40 years of age.
3— His height is about 6 feet 2 inches.
His weight is about 210 pounds.
4— His eyes are blue.
5— His hair is a very light brown, almost
golden. .
6— He has a mustache.
7— He has no noticeable scars.
8— The face is long, with a high for
ward. The nose is Roman; the eyes flash-
Ing. ,'
9 — His dress is not showy, but neat and
plain.
10— He wears a gold ring and a gold
watch chain. I think the stones of the
ring were garnet.
11— His hands, are long, with taper
fingers and a small quantity of light hair
upon them. He used them expressively in
speaking.
12— His walk is a rapid, dignified, manly
stride, which is very noticeable and seems
an indication of independence.
"¦ 13— His voice has a mellow sound, yet a
resonancy which 'penetrates to quite a
distance and holds the attention of the
listener.
14—1 should judge his . nationality is
American from his general manner.
15— He told us to observe closely every
thing we saw or heard and every night
to hold a review of the day's doings. He
told us he thought he | could remember
us if we accosted him and after a few ad
vising remarks he bade us good day and
left.
MILTON LICHTENSTADTER,
Clement Grammar.
from school at -night we should try and
remember what has happened during the
day. He said that some'day the boys
might be Pierpont Morgans and the girls
the wives of millionaires who would en
tertain a great deal, and it would be good
then to , memorize. He said he hoped he
had not kept us waiting long and was
glad to see that we noticed everything
that was going on, and that if we should
ever see him on the street to stop him and
see if he practiced what he preached.
head.
&-No.
10 — A ring on his right hand on finger
next to his smallest finger and a watch
chain in his vest.
11— His hands are long and white, as if
not used ti> hard work.
12 — He walked with a buoyant step with
a rather long stride, like one who is used
13— Nona.
14— Irish or Scotch descent, but he him
self was born in America.
15— That we should cultivate our minds
into memorizing, and that when we came
1— I do not know, but he looks like Chief
of iPolice Wittman.
2— Between 40 and 45.
3— Five feet 11 Inches, 100 pounds.
4 — Grayish blue.
&— Auburn.
-6— He had a mustache, but no beard.
7-No.
8— Oval shaped and long and a high fore-
WILLIE SMITH,
Missioh Grammar.
pounds.
4— He has blue eyes.
5— His hair Is light brown.
6— He has a light mustache and no
beard.
7— He has no noticeable scars.
8— He has a round, jovial face and hla
fo/ehead is high.
10— He has a gold watch and chain, and
I think he had a ring on, but he didn't
6how us his hands very much.
11— His hands were fat and white, as If
he did not do much manual labor.
12— He has a slow, leisurely walk, very
graceful. He takes medium sized steps.
13— He has such a jolly and pleasant
face.- He seems as If you could love him
right away.
14— He is an American (genuine).
15— He .told us in life to always try
and remember faces and appearances, so
that on an acquaintance we would be able
to tell where we had first seen such a
face. In life to notice and remember
dates and places and scenery around us.
He said he tried to practice what he
preached. He said that maybe these
young gentlemen and ladies would be
millionaires when we were grown. He
also said he wished he would have the
pleasure of seeing us again. He said we
all had jolly faces. In life "observation
was-' one of the most essential things."
Good-afternoon.
EVAIilNB McXEE,
Horace Marai.
1— Mr. "W. R. Webster.
2— He is 40 years old.
/3— He Is 6 -feet tall and ha weighs 17b
body and to remember dates— It would b«
very helpful in after life If you were con
nected with any business. Ha said Bo
would also like to remember us and where
he first saw us and the date.
14—1 think he is English.
' 1»— He spoke to us mainly on the Impor
tance of observing and upon having: a
good memory.
weighs about 200 pounds.
¦.4—1 do not know.
6— His hair is a- dull black.
6 — He has no beard, but a mustache.
7— He has no facial scars; as to his
hands, I did not notice any. i
8— His face is long, with a high forehead.
9—1 have not, except that he dresses re
spectably. •
10^1 noticed no jewelry, except a gold
chain and gold cuff buttons.
11— I did not notice his hands.
12— He walks in long, swinging steps. r
13— He has a deep voice.
HERE is Die s?cond, and last, in
stallment in a memory test for
-a prize. It is not only unique;
it is exceptionally important and in
teresting to parents and children
alike.
On "Wednesday afternoon, March
12, a representative of The Sunday
Gall arranged, through Superintend
ent of Schools Webster, to have forty
pupils— eight each from the Lincoln,
Clement, Hamilton, Horace Mann and
Mission Grammar Schools respective
ly-r-assembled in one of the class
rooms of the Lincoln School to listen
to a short talk by Chief of Police
Wittman, and to reproduce the same
as a memory test, together with a
minute description of the speaker as
en observation test.
The children — the brightest and
cleverest in their classes — were equal
ly divided as to sex, four boys and
four girls from each school, but the
object of the meeting was kept a pro
found secret from them. Not one of
them knew what they were to do,
whom they were to meet, or wKatthey
would say. It was to be a memory
test pure and simple, with absolutely
nothing to put them on their guard
before it began. They did not even
know that there -was to be a reward of
merit. They were told to report at
the Lincoln School and await devel
opments—nothing more.
The Chief was unavoidably de
tained by the Grand Jury and arrive-l
half an hour late. He was ushered
in with the brief introduction, "This
gentleman will say a few words to
you." Without any prelude he made
the brief speech which was taken
down verbatim arid which will be
found below. Then he left immedi
ately. v
After he was gone the children
were given the fifteen questions^ also
reproduced on this page, and asked
to answer them. The result- is sur
prising.
Children are said to be even closer
observers of personal peculiarities
than grown-up people, and as Chief
Wittman is a man of most notable
appearance, he was a good subject to
test their • receptive faculties. Tho
impression he made on some of ?.he
pupils is astounding.
The test is truly interesting as
siiowing the value of school training.
As a reward the five children who
gave the best answers will be taken
to the Lick Observatory on Mount
Hamilton by The Sunday Call, be
cause such a trip presents exception
rlly fine educational advantages, be
s.'des affording a pleasant outing. As
a supplementary reward a prize of
$ 15 will be given to the boy or girl
who writes the best description of the
trip.
EXACTLY WHAT HE SAID.
1AM glad to be with you this afternoon, but first let me apologize. I am
sorry to have kept you waiting so long. We were to have been here
sooner, but circumstances over which neither Miss Fraser nor myself had
any control prevented us from being here on time.
I am glad to look into your bright, earnest faces. You look interest
ed. 1 like to notice people and I like to have people take notice of me.
My business is one that requires me to notice closely people and their
peculiarities— their habits, and in fact Everything that comes within my ob
servation. I have to pay close attention to details and store them up in my
rr.Srid and be able ,to recall them at any moment.
This faculty is necessary to every one In whatever line of work he .may
oe. The perceptive' faculty is a good one for boys and girls to cultivate, and
like ethers it can be mastered only by application.
Success in life in every line depends on application to the matter in hand,
and this faculty is a very essential one in all lines. These young men 'here
may be the Pierpont Morgans of the future and these young ladies the wives
of millionaires. Large duties will de volve on them. You may have to enter
lain large companies and you must remember the names and faces of your
guests. This brings in the faculty of observation and memory. In fact, in
ail walks of life the leaders are those that have risen through strict atten
tion to details, which is a great" factor of success.
When you get home at night try to remember, what transpired during the
day— «ach little event— and the people you have ctfme in contact with. Culti
vate the- habit of remembering dates and faces.
I hcpe to see you a pain some time and talk to you individually on differ
ent subjects. You are looking at me and I am looking at you, and I hope
we win know each other next time we meet. When you see me on the street
coine up to me and see if I can remember you. Come up and say: "How
do you do? Don't you remember me?" See if I say, "Yes, I met you at the
Lincoln School Wednesday. March 12." That will pu^ me to the test. See if
I r ractice what I preach. If I don't remember you, then you'll have the laugh
on me. Good-day. . .
THE SUNDAY CALLl
1— I "don't know. his name. : . , ¦ .:
&-1 do not know his age for certain, but
should judge him to be about 45 years of
age. ;.•¦, ; .'- ; , '¦'.
HERE'S A MEMORY TEST
FOR A PRIZE.
5colors which stand out in strong relief
against the neutral color of the 'cloth.
The scarf is wound and knotted at the
front. Only an expert can make a knot
like this. It is not a bow, but a clever
twist and loop that brings one stripe of
the gay ribbon directly across the big
loop in front.
This hat is wide enough to be safe for
the girl with a wide face. This is a point
that you must look out for carefully. The
Coronation, swell as it is, would be thei
murderer of many a girl's good looks.
The sharp roll at the sides would widen
a wide face. Moreover, its extreme tilt
The Teck carries out the short-back ef
fect seen in all of the trimmed hats of the
season. It has a slight tilt upward at the
left side and downward at the right. The
short back brim is bent down against the
hair and caught tightly in place by the
big Kuzu cloth scarf which forms the only
trimming of the hat. This scarf is
striped with the applique of a narrow
Persian ribbon, a medley of gay oriental
The Coronation comes in different colors.
The smartest combination is a rich bronze
straw and a dead white satin scarf. The
scarf is twisted loosely about the crown,
finishing in a great wide bow across the'
front. Two wings on each side are slipped
thi< ugh this bow, pointing as if the own
er ».<_ie about to take flight. The harmony
of vieir colors is perfect.' They are pure
white, flecked delicately with bronze, car
rying out the colors of the straw and
scarf. * s ; ¦/.-• - '¦
The mt.in thing to remember about the
tailcr hat is that it must be low and
fiat. Otherwise it has not the mark of
li»J2 stamped upon it. Having seen to it
that your hat is low and flat, you can
risk almost any shape that you desire,
the mc:e rakish the better.
Swaggerest ci ah is the coronation, lis
name proves its Jiove:tj. It has a low,
round crown like a child's hat; it rolls
high at each side iilike and u^s shaij,.y
over the nose. Like all the rest of the
season's shapes it is worn far forwaro—
far enough to hide the forehead and shade
the eyes. This fashion is certainly com
fortable en a blindir.gly sunny day, but
it is provoking in the way it hides a
pretty face.
The novelty of the season is the fabric
with which they are trimmed. It is Kuzu
cloth, a sort of coarse grass linen, very
close In color to the tint of the cocoa
straw which is the foundation of the
hats and which sometimes forms part ol
the trimming. This cocoa straw is made
in Japan, by the^ way— did you know
that? Many of our straws are. Of course
the Japanese know nothing about what
we want in the way of new shapes, so
they export the braided straw to our
Country and it is made up into hats.
Wouldn't it frighten the poor little Japs
if they should see the fantastic forms
that their work is woven into? Their main
idea of a head-covering is a picturesque
paper parasol, certainly far more artistic
than the chapeaus which we conceive.
The plain band which was being for
saken last year has almost disappeared
now. The tailor hats are trimmed. Sim
ply, to be sure, but trimmed in some surt
of way. A scarf, a quill, a wing — any
of these give softness and break hard
lines.
To the g^rl who possesses that elusive
thing calied style— a thing that starts in
the sure placing of the fcot and does not
stop until it includes the correct stab of
the hatpin— these hats are a satisfaction.
They are in harmony with her. She
shows them off to their best advantage.
But to the woman without style — and
there are many of her, and pretty, too —
they are utterly impossible. They become
merely dowdy. It takes an air of great
crispness, sjiap, ginger, to carry one of
these hats off.
They are tremendcusly smart this year,
the tailor hats. That's not saying that
they j?re pretty. The wildest flight of
imagination could not find beauty iu a
straw coal-scuttle wrapped with a scrap
of what looks like a gunny sack. But
swagger they are — dashing, daring things
such as never were conceived before.
They cock up rakishly at ail sorts of sur
prising angles; they flare ovyr the nos=e
and step abruptly at the back of. the head.
13ven the very sailor, the conservative,
has taken on new slants this year and
is not the same old even-brimmed,
straight-lined affair that it used to be.
r>^AILOK '.lats for the tailor girl— Cliey
! are <3e rigeur and you simply won't
I be in it unless* you don one when
j out in your walking suit or >cur
JL Gibson linsn v.-aist.
nesses of old newspapers between the nots
and the glass at nightfall, with oneor
two sheets directly over and on top of th»
plants. »
'The next item ofi» importance is the
watering. All plant* require less water
during severe weather than at other
times; in fact, some of them, like cacti
and other succulents, ' need practically
none in winter. Do not water plants by
set rules, every day or even every other
day. Give water only when it is neces
sary to keep the soil from' drying out
have It lukewarm, and apply it only in th«
morning, never at night.
Place your plants where they can* eet
all. the sunshine possible during the short
winter days. : Give them fresh air by low
.erlng the upper sash of a nearby window
an inch or two, or by opening a distant
door for a few minutes on bright wa-m
days. The leaves of a plant are Its R™
and an occasional .sponging off not only
brightens the color but opens the pores
and imparts added vigor. Last, but not
least give them an occasional dose of
plant tood. There are many good kind*
on the market/clean, free from odor ana
easily applied according to directions on
the box. or package. on
Have you ever noticed a' plant irrowli «r
crooked or with its leaves "li on on*
side?- If so. it perhaps also, struck von
that that particular side toward which £
grew, or toward which the leaves W VI
turned, was, the side nearest the windo'w
Plants want the light and will sleki? oeT"
sistently. Therefore make it a rul<? £
turn the pots coitipietely around ever?
few days, and it will be easy to keen «2
plants shapely. : p IUe
The writer once heard a lady exclaii,,
when she. was told not to water plants t£
freely during the winter, that she wafer??
her. plants every day. and yet the/nllr^
always seemed wilted. It was suggested
that the drainage was too free but «h«
admitted that "she knew little of nothln
about that. However, the first <*7£kV#
the plants showed the -causi ?o thl »" '
¦Ucular condition mentioned In M t tS£
she had actually filled the pots with <$Z\
Proper Way to Care for Plants.
THE ranks of the amateur flower
growers swell annually, and that
the number is riot larger is probably
due to the lack of knowledge on the
subject. "Luck" as a factor in suc
c. — iul floriculture is becoming more and
more discredited, and common sense, com
bined with ' a little labor and a growing
experience, are making veritable bowers
of beauty of what would otherwise be
cheerless rooms. ,
The immense pleasure derived from th©
wealth of bloom of some choice plant or
plants, perhaps received as a gift during
the holiday season, generally gives rise to
a desire to keep it or them j in- a healthy
condition for future blooming periods.
The first and most important considera
tion is - the temperature ¦ of t the rooms
where plants are ( kept. The extremely
Tiry heat of the average living room dur
ing the daytime, and the : chilly drafts
entering / around ¦ the windows on cold
nights, are more often responsible for the
quick .death of our floral pets than the
florists from -whom they are secured. .'— -' ;
heat causes two serious difficulties,
namely," a. forced and consequent weak
and , spindling growth . and the rapid in
crease of plant insects and parasites. This
can ;be- overcome ; in "a great- measure by
occasionally spraying the plants on bright
days,- and. by constantly keeping a pan
or other -flat vessel filled wlfn water, on
the register or heater. The moisture re
sulting from the evaporation will make
the air of the room more agreeable for
human beings as well as for the plants.
The best .V plan,"' however,, is to keep the
plants in a room where the warmth comes
in from - some V other . part of the house
through a connecting doorway. ¦
- Cold - drafts : earning directly in contact
.with' the plants, particularly at night,
generally, result in a bad attack of mildew,
if not, in the prompt loss . of plants. If
for any: reason it is Impossible to remove
• the plants from . the window every night
during. extremely cold weather,' they- may
pe ; protected by placing : several : thick-
ularly propitious one for all literary . ven
tures and for educational work. Commis
sion merchants and wholesale dealers
should realize profits from this day. Mar
ket opens changeable and will remain so
until 11, with a decline at 12, but up again
before 1 p.m.
April 16, Wednesday — Influences 'render
this day an important one in scientific,
literary and civil service fields. Unusual
lines of business will come to the front
upon this flay. Market opens up, but goes
down by 10, up between 11 and 12, with
provisions and industrials up at 1.
April 17, Thursday— This day is most fa
vorable for beginning^new enterprises and
V°r placing inventions. Journeys started
before noon will prove to be successful
ones. Business should be pushed and fa
vors asked and grartted during this day.
The market should open with provisions
up, but will be very changeable from 9:30
to 10:30. Mining stocks should be good
from 12 to 1. : . ¦-, .
April ,18, Friday— Business will be un
certain to-day and especially so for re- .
tail dealers. Large machinery deals 'may
be consummated upon this date. . Market
opens down, but should go up a little by' ;
10. Metals best from 11 to 12, and stocks
at L
April 19, Saturday— New ventures should .
be postponed, for this is another uncer- :
tain day and the unexpected will surely
happen. Market opens steady. Industrials
advance some between 11 and 12. The mar-""
ket will have a- changeable close.
' Birthdays.
April 13, Sunday— Those who celebrate'
the anniversary of their birth upon this
day should exercise great care" in finan
cial affairs., as their business is likely, to
assume unlooked for complications. Young
people will marry during this year.
April 14. Monday— Those whose birth
day falls upon this day will find good luck*
in domestic affairs, but not such good luck
in business. They nicy enter lawsuits
durIn &jthis year, end will come out suc
cessfully. . .
*v, A ? ri } , 15 A Tuesday— Those who celebrate
their birthday to-day, should watch, their
business-well during the coming year., as
financial losses menace them.,. Some will
gain real estate through inheritance.
Young women will have offers of mar
riage. .' ,* : • - - ¦ ..-••• i • .
April 16, ; Wednesday— There - will be
many annoying causes for anxiety for
those whose birthday, falls upon this date,
mere will be loss of money through spec
ulation or through unwise investments.
Professional people will meet with: suc
cess jind" young women , will be fortunate
in affairs of the h«art. v -
April. 17, Thursday— This will bean ex
cellent year for . all who celebrate their
natal anniversary to-day. Those in' em
ploy: wiU.be promoted to trusted positions.
Widows and widowers will marry happily
April ¦ IS, Friday— This year will not . be
a fortunate -one for, those, who -celebrate
their birthday to-day. There ma'v be sick
ness and family troubles. Those in love
may . have cause to grieve and had best
beware of hasty marriages. ¦ Some willbe
successful in ' making money through wise
investments. . - . ". - <
April 19, Saturday— This .will be an un
settled year for those who celebrate their
birthday to-day. Young men will change
their business occupations and young wo
men will- travel > extensively. There may.
be business worries • for, dome. ¦ -Women
over, thirty, will marry during the coming
twelve ' months. ... :¦-'.-
Births/..
•'.. The children born during this week .will •
be of A strong, • .;-. forceful ... characters, and *
will meet with success in their chosen;
lines. ..The boys should become brilliant
lawyers,' ; preachers, ' military and ¦ naval
officers. '• The girls will be talented - and
beautiful: - . . " ; ; ¦¦•¦¦»-.
April -13,'- Sunday:;. The children ' born .
upon.this day will* be* inclined 'toward'
i ecklefesness, and; will be ' extra vagariT i in
their .tastes. The boys will do- best; in
the employ of others: The girls. will be
fond of society and gayety.
April 14,. Monday: These children will
be very stubborn,, headstrong; and hard '
to. 'manage.' ; The 'boys "will become pro
moters •- and managers . of large : corporat
ions." The girls will beparsonallyrvery
attractive,' and. will ..marry, while quite'
young. ; . • ... / ; :
April -15,. Tuesday: /The children Nbonr
upon, this day will have an, eventful 'lifer
full of varied fortune. They will livth to
great old ages. The, boys will ; do .well
in commercial 'fields, or- in army or, navy
: life: The i girls" will do well in profes
sional •; careers. -'.•' --, ¦-.- -.
„" April ; 16, Wednesday: _ These , children
will '- be ; very '¦ generous and kind-hearted.
The boys will become prominent business
,' men, but . will always do best .with ! a par t-
; as they : shouldl not; always :: depend
upon.thier own . decisions. The girls will
i marry, for : position : and wealth", -but will
not i find; great, happiness: , •' • • ¦* -
-April 17, Thursday: .The children of to
. day will -be -active,' clever and ambitious.
..'.They *> will • be fortunate in; all ¦ undertak-
Z ings, : and . will rise rapidly > to ; high posi
tions iin :life.: : They should always exer
cise care against acridents. :¦• - ., ,
' .>Jfprir. 18, Friday: V These children will
be talented in artistic: and literary lines.
They will be of .retiring dispositions, and
.will be Lunfortunate' and '.often in poverty:
'The girls\will. marry, but will continue
their professional pursuits." .;¦ "
: April '19, Saturday: The \ children i born
..upon'this day will be "of: restless and dis
¦ satisfied "dispositions: They will . long
lor change and -will, travel extensively.
, The _ - hoys - . • should choose . occupations
•where, there will be ' plenty 'of change.
The girls will' be gifted histrionically. ¦
Secrets of the Stars Made Clear.
THE week beginning Sunday, April
13, will be under the dominance of
Mars, Saturn and Neptune, with
Mercury in a negative portion.
These conditions will yield a propi
tious influence to business affairs. Im
portant ventures should be promoted ard
new movements in commercial interests
instituted.
There should be events of great politi
cal importance occurring during the days
of this week.
Speculation should be on a large scale,
but a reaction is likely to take place be
fore the week Is over, with a decided
drop In some lines.
Health sigr.s are generally good. The ¦
¦weather will be wet .and Ehcwery. By the
lZth a storm will form ever the Missouri
Valley. Winds and cyclonic disturbances
will prevail. It will.be a dangerous time
to travel by water.
This is not a particularly propitious
time for entering the marriage state. In
fluences that govern the 12th and 14th
render these days the most promising of
the week calendar.
Business.
April 13, Sunday— This is a quiet day
and should be spent in pleasant social en
joyment. There may ' be appeals made
from the pulpit for large sums of money
in behalf of missionaries.
April 14, Monday— This is not a very for
tunate day, and routine work should be
pursued uninterruptedly. Retail mer
chants should use care in all deals and in
engaging new employes. The stock mar
ket opens up a little. Railroad and bank
stocks should be up between 10 and 11.
sugar and grain from 11 to 12. The mar
ket should be extremely changeable at the
April 1L, Tuesday— This day is a pariic-
down over the nose is safe with a straight
nose only. A retrousse profile would be
ridiculous underwit- . • .......
A close-fitting back brim, like that of
-the-Teck, is bad when the length of the
head from front to back is great.
The Alexandra is. likewise short in the.
- back— that is, the frame of the hat is.
But the trimming ends in the back with
a large puff that fills out and breaks the
severe lines, j " ' ...
' This ; hat ; is turned " up*, at the sides
toward the back. Therefore the effect of
the brim is wide in front. The scarf that
The Upton is a charming affair when
looked upon from one side; from the oth
er it is a plain sailor -without any partic
ular beauty. That is one of the curses
of most of this year's hats, anyway. They
demand that a woman go about turning
her left cheek to all the world, whether or
nit she be smitten upon the other. They
Insist that she seek the right side of the
church and the theater, so that the. rest
of the audience may gaze upon her left
side. And we can't all sit on the right
side of the house— what are we going to
do about it? •
The Upton is a moderately broad
brimmed sailor, like the Ascot and j the
Tork. Its brim is turned directly up at
the left side and fastened there, or ap
parently so, by a big cfne-looped bow
which the scarf forms. The bow is tied
as the amateur can never tie it. These lit
tle touches are what mark a hat as smart
—and they are what we pay for in buying.
The materials are an infinitesimal propor
tion of the price. We pay for skill which
we cannot copy at. home.
The scarf of. the Upton is stitched in
ornamental bands at the ends. Strong
blue is the color of the thread used. It Is
a coarse thread. It gives the only touch
of color to the neutral tints of the hat.
The prices of these tailor hats run from
55 to $8 50. The latter is the price of tha
Coronation. It seems a fabulous sum to
pay for a straw frame, a bit of silk and
four wings; but if you raise objections
the makers will ask you what you can
copy It for yourself.
And you kno^r very well that you muat
throw up your hands.
The York sailor comes trimmed with a
gay foulard scarf. This foulard is striped
broadly in- white and figured bands. The
figured ones rje designed tn overlapping
disks of varying sizes— bright Yale blue
or g«lden brown are the most -prevalent
colors of the design. The knot is tied
very much aa that of the Ascot, but you
hardly realize this fact, for the foulard
takes upon itself a soft, drooping effect,
while the grass linen, is crisp and starchy.
The ends of the foulard scarf are unfin
ished, being left to fray at their own
sweet will.
The scarf is tied in a double knot in
front, the wide ends being pulled through
and allowed to flare in big fans that open
toward each side. The lavender bands
show like stripes running across these fans.
The result is charmingly youthful, and
the hat. is altogether prettier and less er
ratic than any of the "others.
The Ascot has a pronounced roll upward
In front. Its scarf is of Kuzu cloth,
trimmed in two-inch bands of panne
satin. A delicate bluish lavender is the
most popular tint for these satin bands.
The sailors have taken it upon them
selves to tip slightly up in the front and
down in the back, just as the hats do
that you see aboard a man-o'-war. They
are usually trimmed In the front with an
immense Alsatian bow, that 13 wider even
than the hat.
¦
trims It Is a very coarse Kuzu cloth
polka-dotted in blue. The dot3 are small
this year. The scarf lies low on the brim
In front, fold upon fold of It; at the back
It pun's into a huge_ knot caught with
straps of the straw braid. The Alexandra
13 a most versatile shape — It isn't really
trying to any face. It comes -with the
polka dots in different colors. The black
dots are the most useful, harmonizing
with any gown.
The Henley is the oddest of the lot. It
rolls at the sides somewhat after tha
manner of the Alexandra. The chief dif
ference, and an important one. Is the way
the brim drops in the t»acK, fitting over
the hair. Over this fall the ends of the
Kuzu scarf. They are not even tied; sim
ply gathered in irregular pleats and 1st
fall, the raw edges of them left ragged
and unfinished.
Twisted in with this scarf is another
of silk brilliant. In a warm golden brown
it makes a good harmony, one that Is use
ful with the tan coat. If your suit la blue,
have the silk scarf to match.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
NOW T'IS THE TAILOR
HAT
6on sentry duty, or starting off for towro
It seems to him that this is the most of be
ing a soldier— this and wearing a uniform, J
and living quite decently in barracks.' and
drawing rations and $13 a month. And he
enlists. . " ¦:
First of all comes a suit of Uncle Sam's
livery. For artilleryman there is the
dash of red with- the blue. The recruit has
but a cord of red about his hat, and red
facing to his cape, but there, is always
the possibility of a corporal's or ser
geant's chevron with a narrow stripe for
the trousers. These non-commissioned
officers come from the ranks. And if war
comes on and makes opportunity, a non
commissioned officer may earn shoulder
straps and a commission. A sergeant has
already added a saber to his pistol, which
is the recruit's only weapon.
For a little while the novelty of the
thing and the conscious pride a uniform
gives, alike to private and major general,
keep his interest alive. But before the
creases are well out of his clothes the re
cruit is wishing himself anything but a
military man. He has wakened from his
oream.
It takes more cool nerve to be a light
artilleryman than to be any other sort of
soldier. In time of acMon a battery is
ordered to a position and there it must
stand its ground, no matter how hot the
fire of the enemy, no matter how eitipty
»he ammunition box; must st*nd. helpless
and exposed may be, until the command
ing general orders it away. There- is
nothing of the eye-for-an-eye feeling that
the infantryman has as he loads ami re
loads his gun down in the thick of the
fight; or the backbone renewing enthusi
rism of a cavalry charge.
An officer in the lght artillery has no
f.se for a man who hasn't nerve in every
square inch of him, and if a man has any
white feather about him it does not take
long to discover it.
But first he will probably have hfs turn
at the "bull ring drllj," as they call the
men's first lessons in horsemanship. ; . v
It is all as new to the horses as it js
to the men. for they, too,- have come from
the peaceful pursuits of ranch and town
life to learn the arts, of war: and there is -
many a day* when, the Presidio "bull
ring" would make -Buffalo BUI tear his
hair in a frenzy of envy. f} •
There are many surprises for the horse
before he learns to haul a gun as. meekly
as he wou!d a plow, and stand stock still
when the guns are fired. : '. ;
A young, unbroken horse- has to be put ¦
•^¦f SHOUT, a saber signal, a trum
f I pet call— .
A— | "Forward, march!"
I In answer, the clatter of gallop-
JL ing horses, the rattle* and clang of
harness and chain and dangling scab
bards, the heavy rumble of wheels, and
a battery of light artyiery dashes into .ac
tion on the Presidio plain.
The guidon flutters, flamelike, high In
air; the sun dances on saber edges, glis
tens on cap peak and spur, and glosses
the flanks of horses whose white hoofs
seem barely to touch the ground as it
slips past.
Blue-coated men In the saddles urge the
horses on, and other blue-coated men,
the cannoneers, sit with folded arms on
limber and caisson, so stiff and straight
they seem a part of the carriages.
Biankets ana chevrons and trouser
stripes of reii give splashes of color to
the picture.
It is a splendid pageant of war, this
mad forward dash of a battery.
"Halt!"
The order echoes from captain to lieu
tenants, from lieutenants to sergeants.
The horses fail back with a plunge half
made, the wheels jerk to a standstill.
"in batter} 1 !"
At this order the caissons stand fast,
and the pieces dash to the front, the six
horses swinging with a wide curve that
reverses the piece. Even before the -wheels
stop turning the cannoneers pivot and
diop from their seats, those on the cais
sons running forward to a position at
each side of the .piece. In the bat of an
eye there is a man at each wheel and two
between to unhook the limber, and the
limbers trot back to a. position covered
by the caissons.
There they stand, grim and pitiless, the
six death-dea'.ers of the battery, ready
for the touch of the gunner.
One can close his eyes and see the Inno
cent-looking puff of whitish smoke, .and
hear the dull roar — yes, and the groans
from over yonder where men are falling.
But ' there is no smoke, no roar,- no
groans. It is not wholly real, this daily
practice in the art of killing men. --
There is no firing of field guns at the
Presidio. Now and then a battery marches
off to Monterey, or other points not too
far away, for a season of gun practice.
The jrunner must know his business when
a. battery of lipht artillery takes a posi
tion covering the enemy. This is one of
the many parts of being a soldier.
A light artilleryman is made, not born.
And the making of him Is a long and
tedious task. From a raw recruit thrilled
by his appearance in the uniform of blue
and thankful for so easy a $13 a month—
from this embryonic soldier, thrilled and
thankful, to the tense-nerved, clear-head
ed man behind the gun giving out death
from the narrow black muzzle of a field
piece, is a weary way of monotonous
routine. Most of the men wish the get
ting out were as easy as the getting in.
Discipline is irksome to the man who is
too lazy to be anything but a soldier, and
the ranks of the army are not recruited
from the doers of the world. • -The -free
labor bureau is a good place for Uncle
Sam to post his call for men.
Many a man with nothing to do wan
ders to the Presidio of a sunny afternoon,
sees the men in blue or khaki lounging
lazily on the steps of, the quartermaster's
warehouse, pacing up and down the walk
through' about' the' same' course .as the
raw recruit. - By degrees he is made ac
customed to bridle, taught to walk and
trot and answer to the movements of. the
reins. : Then come saddling and mounting.
¦ This is • where the horse shows his tem
per, and the rider his — only the rider is
supposed to be always patient and gentle,
let the horse- rear, and kick 'and shy and
balk for all he is worth. When the horse
Is blunging about the "bull- ring" in his
tantrums the driver gets- a chance to
prove his mastery, and it Is often neces
sary to throw the animal before he knows
that bucking, rearing and kicking are not
good form in military horse society.
He has no sooner learned the hard lei-*
son of having a master than he is har-
of the, three drivers could have<checKeu
them. >But true to ~ the instinct of self
preservation, the -wheels driver dropped
the lines and clung, to his saddle, and the
result was ! a" general smash-up. I Not long
afterward .''he -was -missing at rollcall.
To-day he is serving a term at * Alcatraz
for desertion, . and his captain is counting
himself well' rid of . a man- who could lose
brakes' rams the projectile .smartly for
ward, ; while , the : other : makes . ready the
primer." .The' gunner. Inserts the cartridge,
pushes It home .with • his hand, closes the
breech and points the piece. At the word
'-'Fire!"-) the ;< cannoneer .; having ,' inserted
the primer, fires "the gun with ;' a quick,
hard blow. -If the charge does not ex
plode : there . Is the , order, ."Keprlme," and
chiefs of sections, six gun detachments,
one driver., to each pair - of horses, two
trumpeters, one guidon— 160 men t in all,
with cooks, saddlers and blacksmiths,
constitute a battery of maneuver. '
VThere are few days,' however, when
every man, answers to his name at roll
call, and. the gun detachments are seldom
complete at the daily drill. ..
roads or about the grounds of the Pre
sidio. This is perhaps what hurts the
soldier most, for. as a son of the Emer
ald Isle puts it.' in a brogue like mush:
"I didn't see anny pick and schuvel in
tn picthur on Uncle Sam's car-rd. Th*
lad luk'd like he didn't have annythlng t*
do but luk foine."*
BBriBgiV BERTHA H. SMITH.
nessed for double work, and there is all
the noise of rattling harness and chains
to get used to. Day after day the horses
are taken into the field and driven about
in a gunless drill. The Presidio plain
runs off Into the bay, and not so long ago
a-teamof these unbroken -horsfis,' fright
ened at the noise their trappmgs made,
dashed across the field arid plunged into
the water, which closed over them almost
befoi* the driver could free himself from
the saddle. ¦ : ' ". : ¦ ¦ :¦ •
, The r day that, the horses are : first" at
tache'd to the guns is the day the surgeon
expects an inning. There is the .strango
new rumble of the carriage and now there
are six horses to work together instead
of two.
This is a test of the coolness and nerve
of the drivers; and if the wheel. horses
show their dislike of the new order of
things , and lift up their heels in > protest
the cannoneer on the chest behind them
might by a ' civilian . be excused for. un
folding his arms and making. ready to
jump, but by officers and comrades never.
A driver showed the white feather once
and it ended his career as a soldier. Ths
lead horses attached, to a piece became
frightened and made straight for a teh>
graph pole.. Only the firm, united . action
his head .In time of .danger.
Sentiment does not grow rank in army
posts.- -. ...;¦ • ¦ -. ¦ ; ¦¦.-., - . -
• In • the school of the cannoneer the re
cruit, takes his first steps In handling a
gun. . A gun detachment consists of two
corporals | and five privates, with thr6*
supernumerary cannoneers at the caisson.
Each man has a place to stand, a certain
duty, to perform for every maneuver. He
must know this place and this duty.
The moving of, the piece by hand, the
unlimbering of it, the taking and replac
ing of equipments in'the limber chest—
these -are preliminary to the main com
mand, • "Commence firing!"
At this every man is alert. The gunner,
who is the senior corporal, repeats the
command: ."Load, ready, fire!" He opens
the breech, inspects : the bore, broech
mechanism < and gas check, 1 while two of
the cannoneers step .between the piece
and.' the- wheels , and apply the- brakes on
each side. Two more men run to the Um
ber chest, receiving from the fifth or the
caisson, corporal a round of ammunition,
alternately supplying the gunner with
projectiles. The , ' gunner : shoves the
projectile Into the bore, pushing It in by
hand until it is beyond the 'seat of the
gas check. Then one of the men at the
a second primer is inserted.
As soon. as the piece is fired, it is run
forward to its former place, the gunner
opens the breech to allow the piece to
cool and Inspects the gun before reload
ing. To the man at the brakes falls the
duty of sponging and unloading. .. •
- As in the school of the ¦ cannoneer the
recruit learns the manual of the piece, so
in the school of the driver he learns the
care of the horse and harness.
There is method in every movement.
In the stable every- Inch of leather has Its
place. Each piece must be picked up in .a
prescribed manner, the blanket must be
folded by rule, and every strap of the
harness must be buckled precisely like
every other strap.
1 When "boots and saddles" sounds at 9
o'clock, the stables are a busy place. The
horses have already been fed and groomed
at the first stable call, and the stables
cleaned by the cannoneers and prisoners.
Each driver grooms his own horses, and
not until a man earns a sergeant's 'three
stripes does he escape this duty..
As If it was done by a pendulum and
mainspring are harnessed and
hitched to the carriages. Then in a long-,
thin line the battery files away to the
plain, and wheeling about like figures in
a grand march the drill begins.
* Six guns, six caissons, a captain, four
lieutenants, one first sergeant, who acts
as the captain's assistant, one quarter
master sergeant. - one stable and veteri
nary sergeant, six sergeants who are
For an hour every monitor the Presiaio
' plain is alive with horses and men, from
one to three batteries working, each in
dependent of the other. Some of the
older batteries take to the hills on (he
other side, where there Is more freedom.
Back and forth they gallop, now In one
rank, now In two. In column of sections.
In column of platoons; and again all six
abreast. They march and countermarch,
march in right and left oblique, form with,
caissons on the flank, then back Into sec
tions again.
Back and forth and around, wheeling
and turning until It makes one's head
swim to look; tying themselves into
double bow knots and coming out again
in long, straight strings, when it looked
as if they could naver do it; ever and
always coming back to the position "In
battery" — the movement that means busi
ness.
At 11 o'clock the drill is over and tht
officers go to school. They, too, have lea
sons to learn and must Qualify In a courso
covering drill regulations, • manual of
guard duty, small arms firing, minor tac
tics, campaigning, military law, field en
gineering, military topography, interna
tional law, hippology and enough more to
make the list look like a college curri
culum.
Besides guard and police duty la the
afternoon there is sometimes fatigue duty
for the light artilleryman, digging of post
holes for the picket line, or work on the
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ARTILLERY DRILL
AT THE PRESIDIO
7THE SUNDAY CALL.
8M3RNING robes, breakfast gowns,
walking suits, riding habits,
luncheon toilets, reception
gowns, carriage costumes, din
ner dresses, theater wraps, ball
Browns, rare jewels and priceless gems and
ali the frills and furbelows of correct at
tire for every occasion and the occasion
to display them— ah! what woman does
not secretly: cherish that dream in her
heart of hearts? It is a desire Inherent
with the sex, which, cultivated through
the countless ages, has developed a code
of distinction as inexorable as the on
v/ard sweep of the wliole starry .firma
ment.
A complete wardrobe is woman's tri
umph; a single gown her despair. To
possess gay plumage as a matter of
course— that means wealth— unlimited
wealth. To wear it as a matter of course
—that is art— rare - art. But sad to relate,
the two are seldom found together; (
When they are you find j such exquisitely
gowDedV women as .Mrs. James Lewis
Board and her sister, Mrs. Beatrice New
ell of New'York and Michigan,' who, hav
ing, the means to dress richly, lavishly
and yet withal in the best of taste, select
their wardrobe accordingly. ' To dress cor-
The wrap for the" gown Is a cream-color
ed satin coat of three-quarter, length, with
a hieh .' standinsr; collar of ; bleated chiffon.
rectly for every hour of the day without
ostentation or self-consciousness shows
culture, and refinement. The coat may
not make the man, but the real gentle
woman is shown in the way she wears
her clothes. ., .- .";
'In . thjs respect these, two handsome
young matrons are notable.-. Both are •
wealthy, both have a high socia.1 position
to' maintain, and both travel' extensively.
They are two of seven beautiful sisters,
ail well to do and equally distinguished
lor their perfect gowning. They have no
brothers. Mrs. Board, who is. next to the
youngest member . of this remarkable
family, lias her winter home at the Hol
land in New York and the Auditorium in.
Chicago, where she; has luxurious
apartments all the year round; and her
summer home at Port Huroyi. Mich.
With her sister, Mrs. Newell, she re
cently returned from Paris with ¦ trunks
and trunks of ths very latest creations of
the fashionable French modiste's art and
has just been making a flying trip to the
Pacific Coast with the object of buying
another summer home in Southern Cali
fornia. Twelve of the prettiest coutumes
in the big wardrobe thought needful for .
such a trip are shown on this page. They
are models of what can be done with rich
and costly fabrics, delicate laces, precious
metals ai:d rate gems wrought out in ar
tistic elaboration.
The sisttrs a:e quite inseparable. For
this reason they always select their gowns
in compliment to each other. The con
trast of colors, though striking, 15 so per
fectly interbler.ded that their toiiets al
ways harmonize. As each creation is
so entirely original in itself,- it is difficult
to decide which to describe first. ¦
Perhaps, however, Mis. Board's favor
ite is' the spii.erv.-eb carriage costume of
crcam-coiorcd satin 'made/ in .'. Princess
styje en,. train. As shcT/n in.thepc.i'tuie in
the Idwcr'risrft hand .•¦ corner lof. this "#ag£&
It is moideU to^jthtr Ones' dt'h^r exquisitely v
rounded l'guro without --a' wrinkle any
where. Indeed,. the v masterly skill of
Worth, Monteil and" Redfern was never,
better displayed than in the faultless fit
of all these gowns...
The back of this costume/ which is a
Monteil 'design, is appliqued from the
¦waist -to t the hem of the train
with ' spider webs of delicate spun
golh thread, in graduated , sizes,
in the center of each of which is a
spider of silk and gold cunningly con
trived in imitation of the genuine insect.
The sleeves of lace as sheer and fine as
the mesh of a spider web are belled at
the elbows and slightly flared, though
clcse-Htting. at the wrists. "With this te
worn a Parisfan model Up tilted picture
hat of white lace and velvet,. the und^r
brim of wh : ch is trimmed with small
clusters of grapes and leaves in natural
colors. •
In contrast to this Mrs. Newell wears
a Princess carriage costume of black
velvet finished with a yoke of white lace.
The bell puffs at the elbows are outlined
with the same material. _ The flat crown
e<l hat of white chiffon and cream-colored
satin ornamented with three long white
ostrich plumes is worn well over the face.
For carriage wear Mrs. Board has a boa
and muff, which are as unique as they
are beautiful. The boa, which reaches
frcm the shoulder to the hem of her dress,
is miide of tabs of cream-colored ribbon
cut in imitation of oak leaves, strung
on a single thread. The muff is a huge
puff of cream-colored satin ornamented
with a wreath of Imitation oak leaves at
each end. - , . ¦
Mrs. Newell's carriage wrap is of pale
blue cloth/ made en train and" finished
with a deep collar of lace applique and a
fail of pleated chiffon. -
For evening wear Mre. Board has a
marvelous" creation of black satin,
lace net and. silver. The under
dross, a decollete Princess of I.Jack
satin, fits clcse to the figure.
This is covered with an Empira
of fine lace net; falling sheer and loose
from the corsage to the hem, richly or
namented with a design of trailing leaves
of hammered silver. The yoke is .tilled
with the same lace r.et appliqued with
silver leaves - and long outer sleeved
of lace cover the black satin elbow sleeves,
of the Princess, giving the pink tint of
the flesh beneath , an sott
effect. With this is worn a long rope of
selected pearls of unusual size and purity,
which aro wound several times about her
rteck, and when allowed to hang reaches
almost to her feet. v ;
Another of Mrs. Board's Worth crea-'
tions, in which, she' is exceptionally
charming, is a ball gown of white chif
fon over a delicate 'shade of pink satin.
Thr skirt, cut en train, has two deep ruf
fles of fhiffon at the back, elaborately ap
pliqued with a bread design of point
d'esprit. At the waist is a broad girdle of
pink satin, while the tucked* half sleeves,
of the same 'material are. finished with
puffs of chiffon at -the shoulders and el-'
bows., , ; , .
The jewels worn with this costume are
a necklace and ; pendant of wondrous bril
liancy and great Rvalue. The 'necklace , is
composed of exceptionally largo pearls in
graded sizes, • each- of /which" is set. in the
center of a triple row 'of diamonds. The
pendant is ' '. a big three-leaf clover,', in
which diamonds; ¦", set in j, double rows
around a pink pearl, a black pearl and a
pearl of the ordinary color,, are used to
form the three leaves respectively.
I Mrs. Newell's ball dress, made with rare
elegance ..and simplicity to match her
6ister's, is of white' chiffon over satin,
richly embroidered from the. waist to the
hem of the \ long train !n orchids of deli
cate paster shades. .The half sleeves, , em
broidered in' the same design, have. deep
falls of ; tucked chiffon ' from the shoulder
(o the elbow. With this "Mrs. Newell
wears « a broad necklace " of ' pearls ¦ and I a
long rope of diamonds' wound several
times around her, throat.'
edged with niching and finished with, long
streamers ' of ¦ the same 1_ material, with
double-headed ruchlng at intervals.
jMrs.iBoard's cloak is of rich cream
satin, made with a jaunty military collar
and cape. -The'. deep collar and the lapels
are faced "with black velvet, ornamented
with silver arrows. . .
For street wear these fascinating young
women ; have -gowns : without; end. One
worn by Mrs. Newell Is a unique creation
of white zebeline, cut into long ribbon
streamers, over an underdress of black
lace net. j The sleeves are finished with
huge elbow > puffs of white' : chiffon and
black velvet ribbon. To match this Mrs.
Board has a pongee silk, embroidered with
clusters of violets, over, which is worn a
long loose coat, with wide sleeves,- also em
broidered in violets, and gathered at the
waist with a long, narrow scarf of the
same material. Violet hose, patent
leather ties, with tan uppers, and a violet
hat complete this pretty If altogether
striking toilet.
But with all this finery, of which this
is only a small part, these fortunate
sisters have decided that the American
gownmaker is, after, all, the best in the
vorM. svc* r»ccordinsrly they, have been
placing spring and summer orders In both
San Francisco and New Vnrir.
By George H- Aspden.
TUNNING DOWNS ARISIAN(Copyright, 1902, by S. S. McClure Co.)
THE woman who takes a daily bath
is actually born again into a
fresher and fairer womanhood.
No prescription that a physician .
can giye will relax wearied mus
cles, soothe quivering nerves, patch a
worn temper, or as quickly rejuvenate
and beautify as the morning "tub." Be
sides being atonic and a stimulant, baths
are like exercise— they set thin people on
the way to accumulating flesh and reduce
the surplus of avoirdupois for stout folk.
Soft water, ¦ pure soap, two towels, • a
. soft and rough' one, and ten minutes of
time are.the only requisites.
The moment of rising from the bed is
the best time for bathing. The body Is
warm, and therefore can withstand mod
erately cold or cool "water better than at,
any other time. It is relaxed,- and requires
The ordinary plunge or tub bath is not
complete without the shower bath, ac-
Let no woman deceive herself, however.
The muddy-brown look which the neg
lected skin cannot be removed
by washing the face and neck alone. An
ablution of the whole surface of the body
is ; necessary. , This clears the complexion
and makes the skin elastic and smooth
as satin. The skin also loses the tendency
to shrivel and contract on the application
of temporary cold.
An" important step, to be sure, to the
attainment of beauty is the night bath,
and if _ possible one never should retire
without removing from face, neck and
hands at least the accumulated dust of
the day; the wornout cuticle, which peels
off the face when not promptly removed,
spoils the complexion.
bracing, and the nerves, deadened by the
night's repose, require a gentle stimulus.
If a warm bath Is preferred, f let It be fol
lowed by a dash of cold water. A warm
bath at night is restful to many people,
but if one is very tined the exertion of
bathing -Is too fatiguing, and sJ footbath
or a handbath will be more restful. • To
Immerse the feet or hands in hot water, Is
always soothing.
To-day there is a different bath as a
ranacea for almost every ill. If a woman
is overwrought and tired, she. has a bath
.prepared in such a way that it soothes the
nerves. : Another bath acts as an invigor-
If a shower bath is not possible a good
substitute is a cold sponge bath. .To be
come accustomed to cold bathing, begin
with a towel dipped in cold. water, wring-
Ing it thoroughly and rubbing the body
vigorously. Gradually increase the
amount of cold water In the towel, and
presently you will find yourself bathing in
the coldest of -water.' .. You can massage
yourself by vigorously rubbing, kneading
and manipulating ; with open or clenched
hands. All this is done after the body is
thoroughly dry. ,
cording to some sanitarians, who claim
that It .has an invigorating effect on the
system unknown to the tub bath alone;
that the shock of falling water given by
the shower stimulates the surface circu
lation and produces a healthy glow that
is not only very refreshing, but counter
acts the enervating . effect produced by
the hot' tub bath, affording a splendid
I means for rinsing the body after, the bath
and closing the pores of the skin, giving
the bather a delicious sense of renewed
vitality. '»
In cases of insomnia the hot bath has
been known to produce sleep when noth
ing else would. It should be taken quiet-
To reduce flesh, there is the lemon or;
lime juice bath, and nothing is more re
freshing on a hot day. Indeed, the lemon
bath originated, in the tropics. Remove -
the pips from three or -four lemons and
the' outer yellow skin, leaving the rest,
cut in slices, and put into a jug of boiling
water.:. Cover, iip' over night. In the
morning strain aftd pour" the lemon water
Into the bath.
Rose water and milk Is the bath for the
woman who would take on a little ' extra
flesh. Queen Isabella of Bavaria bathed
dailyin milk, containing rose water. The
famous bath of the .beautiful Russian,
Marie Czewertinoska, was a cask of
malaga wine, placed in a silver tub; in
this she plunged herself every morning,
after which the tub was emptied and a
fresh cask provided the following day.
- When the Parisian takes an aromatlo
bath, the tub is lined with a linen sheet,
gored so as to> fit the tub. The bath bag,
containing many aromatic ingredients,
herbs, spices and perfumes," Is thrown in,'
and the tub being almost filled to- the edge,
the bather gets in and stays there until
she Is perfumed through and through. A
cologne bath acts as an invigorating tonic,
so does a lavender bath, only In a lesser
degree.' The lavender is crushed and left
for three days In white wine vinegar, then
strained and bottled and used as needed.
Verbena leaves, plucked and thrown Into
an earthenware jug of distilled water, left
for days and then strained and added to
a little alcohol in which rose leaves have
been steeped, is also a refreshing prepa
ration.
This is the recipe: Take a pound of
thyme, sweet marjoram, hyssop, .mint,
sage, rosemary, borage, crushed rice,
crushed barley, boll in two quarts of wa
ter, adding a handful of salt. Strain and
add the liquid to the bath. Lait virginal
Is a preparation for the bath, which Is
also restorative and. buoying. It requires
rose ' water, four ounces; tincture of
myrrh, two ounces; tincture of. benzoin,
two ounces; essence of citron, two
drachms. This being the proportion for
two quarts of water. ¦ •'.
To soothe the nerves and renew life try
an aromatic or Marls Antoinette bath,
thus named because it was prescribed for
the Queen by her physician. She took It
cold In summer and tepid In winter.
The Marie Antoinette Bath.
atlng tonic; or there Is a bath to make her
thin, to make her fat, and the one whose
sole purpose is to beautify.
It is said that nervousness is kept out
of the celestial empire by the use of soft
soled shoes. The hard soles worn by the
Anglo-Saxon race are the cause, in <a
measure, of the extreme nervous temper
ament. Would we not be more amiable
and therefore more beautiful if we wore
soft soles, at least, when at home?
One . relief from fatigue is to plunge
the feet in ice cold water and keep
them immersed until there Is a sensa
tion of warmth. ' A bandage, wet with
alum water, and put on when retiring, is
excellent for strengthening tender feet.
A warm, bath, with a handful of sea
salt in it Is about as restful as a nap.
Paddle In it until It cools, dry with a
rough towel, put on fresh stockings, have
a change of shoes. If one could take the
time in the middle of the day to change
the stockings for a fresh pair we should
not hear so much about cold feet or
rheumatism.
For the .pedicuring process cold cream*
nail polish, nail powder, chamSla pad. a
box of pumice, dippers, chisel and round
chisel are required- "With the clippers th«
nails are cut, the square cat being the
proper shape; this obviates the danger of
ingrowing nails. After being cut the nails
have a little polish rubbed on with the
chamois pad and then a dust of powder.
The chisel and round chisel are for the
treatment of corns, and should only be
used by one who has had iom» Instruc
tion from a chiropodist. They axe a*
eharp as a razor and used to par* away
corns. Any callous places or rough skin
are rubbed down with the powdered pum
ice or emery paper and the cold cream is
rubbed over any tender parts of the feet,
or the feet may be massaged with th».
wnolllent. Immediately after being taken
from the bath, and before the pedicuring
process begins, or Instead, they may be
rubbed with arnica or alcohoL The toes
must be kept as straight as possible;
when there la a tendency to crook or
overlap each other, It is well to place a
thin splint under them at night, tied
closely against which they can be held in
place.
An alcohol foot bath is a method of
securing, by absorption, a very exhil
arating effect.' A gallon of 90-proof alco
hol will suffice for several baths, and as
the only accessories are a hot brick and
a little cologne, this latest idea is not an
expensive one. The method of procedure
consists of dropping the hot brick into
the alcohol (previously perfumed) about
fifteen or twenty minutes before using:
then,' after ascertaining that the liquid
is just hot enough not to burn, the feet
are immersed in the foot bath, and, after
covering the tub with a cloth, to prevent
any escape of the vapor, you sit and re
flect upon the _bliss of existence.
Aside from the dally bath, the feet
should have their own particular bath.
three times a week at least. Her fresh
complexion and sparkling eyes, on© wo
man, who is no longer young, declare* is
due in a great measure to her very care
fully kept feet. The foot tub should b*
three-quarters filled with. soapy water, as
hot as can be borne; while the feet are
soaking, the toes are gently rubbed and
manipulated all the time. This prevents
lame joints and sometimes corns. The
feet are rinsed first In tepid and finally tn
<iold water containing a dash of alcohoL
Pedicuring.
The modern bathroom is luxurious to a
degree, and invites to frequent use. There
is the bath proper; the shower and needle
bath, with Its rubber curtain; the sltz
bath, the foot bath, the shampoo and the
lavatory, with all tho appointments oV
the moet attractive description — onyx,
porcelain, glass, silver plate and mahog
any.
ly and with just as little effort as possible
and the bather should remain in the water
just long enough to have the body thor
oughly warmed. ¦ „_.,:" .
, Exercise should always "precede bath
ing, and if cne does not feel like going in
for special athletics every day* let her
take up the first thing at hand— a book,
basket or vase, place it on the tips of her
fingers and walk about her bathroom, in
loose attire.' There is nothing better if
one would cultivate correct poise of
shoulders, and that attractive kind of
grace revealed by an erect, svelte figure.
All Rijttts Reserved.
>«-yETTING etrength in the arms Is
/ / one of the most tedious of all phys-
I 1>Y ical performances, but one that will
\jl certainly succeed. You can bv
\^ come as muscular as the strongest
woman you know and as clever with your
muscles as Sandow.
lt all depends upon practice, though
there is, to be sure, a little art about it. ,
Frequently women are very strong in
one set of muscles and very weak in an
other. To take a homely v illustration.
The woman .who , irons constantly is
strong in the lower or fore arm, though
she may be bo weak in the upper arm
that she .cannot lift an ordinary burden.
: A "Wall street man who sufferedi from a
narrow " chest, ' and whose tendency •¦'¦ to
cough alarmed , his; family, was acfvised
by his physician. to practice ; fifteen min
utes ¦. night and morning with a' handball
Selecting a , vacant room in < the house for
his operations, * he 'repaired there - each
day and threw^ the ball i against the wall,
catching it on ; the rebound. He selected
a small rubber.'ball with plenty, of spring
in it,' and after a few days became so cjc-
Besides -these 'good points 'you "will un
consciously bring out the muscles -in the
legs and make the, spine firm. The test
of a good exercise/ is i ts , ability to bring
into play* every muscle in : the* human
body at 1 once; and for this a good course
in -<bowllng and 'Other exercise with the
ball . can' ;be' ; most highly recommended. -
For physical culture and home develop
ment there is nothing better; than a. little
exercise with the, ball. -Take .'one that
seems easily '• handled. ; not- too heavy j by
any means; nor, too light, and if you have
space in which to practice with : it; you
will find : that it gives the best of all ex
ercises in physical culture. ''v-.VTv pi .
If you learn to, manage a weight like
this properly you ¦' will do more tnan , de
velop your arms. You. will round out the
throat, make the neck plump, bring sym
metry to the arms , and strengthen » the
hands. ¦ . • ¦• ¦ . ' ¦ .. . ••-."•¦ '•¦ a ¦ '•. -
For the Arms.
much less real weight. •
It is when they try. the society games
that women feel their weakness most.
Let the woman who has never. bowled at
tempt to throw the ball.- Her first effort
will. not only be a poor one, but it will be
fraught wiih muc*'. fatigue to herself.
Her brick will ache'and she will' have- a
generally used up .feeling after an even
ing of the exercise.
pionship honors . In golf, tennis or even
in bowling should take this treatment
nearly every day, devoting an hour an.i
a half, to it. But . the woman who tf,
merely seeking to improve" her gen<£$*
physical condition can be content with
twice & week. Meanwhile she can prac
£??w!? «erctaes: daily and twice a day
without giving more than five, minute*
to tht»m
; .For Good Looks.
1 How to get strength and beauty. Is the
important question. This' is one that can
be;, largely ;* answered in 'the methods
adopted by a woman after she has exer
cised. Suppose she be attired > in a gym
nasium suit and that she has indulged In" '
violent exercise for three-quarters of an
hour.V At the end of that time she is in
a -glow and. if > not actually perspiring : is
very .near it -and is also breathless and '
tired -physically. ;":•. .-: '¦ ' -. , ¦ >
It; is only the . trained . athlete who can
indulge in>a' plunge, -hot or cold,; at. this
time , and ; the t amateur will find herselt -•
far; too ' exhausted ¦• to recuperate in this
way. -¦ She must select gentler , methods.
vl ,The best thing, the beginner can do after
exercising is to slip off her gymnasium
suit' and get. into a : very warm wrapper.
An eiderdown, bath robe, is excellent, but
under »it? she -must have her flannels, to
keep . her ; body .very warm. . ; . .
vShe should lie down in^bed and cover; touching the neck and cheeks lightly, and
upland if .she feels like it she majrtake using a softer; brush for the purpose.
t ,V o V 1 ? ap «», A f nyway> a^ rest of;flfteen A second bath with enough benzoin In
minutes i is . + what she needs. ¦ ¦¦ -;sy the water to make it ' milky is necessary
.Now for the bath. ..- It must be a warm to clear? oft ; the soap. This done, the
one, jnearly 96 according to com- Beeker for physical culture will find her
fort, and should be taken with soap and • self , amply rewarded by the results that
the .flesh scrubbing; brush. Now sis -the will follow., • : , -
best of alltlmes to clear the pores : of tho The girl who Is going- to be a profes
skin.; r Go over the skin thoroughly,-,; slonal r, athlete or who is seeklnfir cham-
knee^ place the ball on the sole of the
shoe and lift r it again without dropping
the ball, but at first this will not be pos
sible. •¦ ':-:¦' ,.-v- ¦ ::-.i .; ',-¦ -..- i
These three exercises will greatly assist
the one who is anxious to find -true phy
sical culture. ¦':¦¦•¦:"¦-. ¦ '?.-:''
As far. as beauyis concerned it . is quite
a. i different thing from mere strength.
Aside ! from a certain : rugged beauty the
strong woman is .not always the hand
some one.
' An exercise which has little grace, but
is usefulfor strengthening the back, con
sists in grasping the ball with both hands;
and leaning forward as if you were about:
to throw it Great strength can ; be " ac
quired in; this way,"' for the body is in 'a
trying position and the. back has a strain
put „. upon it, just . where . it : . is :\ weakest, :
namel", across it,; Just above the belt. /¦• \
} A third exercise j is more than good. To
perform it He upon your back in the midv
die of the floor and lift one foot ; until it !
stand high in the air at right angles with
the j body. v An : . assistant ¦; will now be re-.,
quired ,to place ¦ the '. ball upon : your f oot, ¦
while you try to balance it. -When Ivery
expert it; will not be difficult. to bend the
,' One leg is stretched straight, -.while .the
weight , of the body is thrown upon tho
other , knee, ; which is ¦ slightly, bent.- The
ball is heldvin. the .hand, over the bent
knee, , and the chest is free and the. lungs
are open to receive a good," long 1 - breath."
For : house ; practice ¦ ai very ¦ large rubber,
ball, : as V heavy as • possible, -. will t be the
best.' ,-•,•¦•; ".-;,-. >V< ! . >...:¦ ¦ : ¦¦", .,;..¦'-¦'•>..-.,.,'¦-,
In practicing with the ball, , whether it
be a rubber 'ball or "one: of heavier com
position, try these three movements: One
is ;the bowling movement, ¦ in which r the
body is. bent; sideways, while the;handi>is
stretched out for balancing the figure and
the body is inclinedas much as possible.
For the Back.
lit eeemedvlike a trivial pastime .for a
man of millions, but he became very much
interested in iu and in the end it cured
his cough, ¦ strengthened : his chest . and
gave him the exercise he so much neecLed.
He played ball with the windows open. to
insure plenty of fresh air. -• ;
pert tliat he could really perform wonder
ful tricks with the, ball,, throwing it with
great-force and keeping it on the bound
for some; minutes. ¦ / ¦'¦-', "
TilE; SUNDAY CALL;
Tq the Morning 1 and Even- -
ing Dip Diana Owes Her Ra
diant Complexion and Spark
ling Eyes — The Latest Bril
liant Ideas to Make Bathing a
Sybaritic Dream by Means of
Crushed Flowers— Mecca Bal
sam— Rose Water and Aro
matic Herbs— The Marie An
toinette Bath. Q-
BEAUTY QUEST
10To alcoholism and the hereditary degen
eracy resulting from alcoholism M. Gar
nier ascribes the increase of Juvenile .crim
inals. In France the adolescent criminal is
almost invariably, the son. of a drunkard,
and has in the few years of his. life ac
quired the absinthe habit bimsatt.' .
In 1SS8 among 1000 criminals twenty were
between the ages of 16 and 20, Inclusive,
while in 19u0 140 of 1000 were between these
ages. During the same years the average
of adult prisoners (30 to 25 years, inclu
sive) has remained about the same—twen
ty in the former year and twenty-five in
the latter In 1900 juvenile criminality
was about six times more frequent than
adult criminality. In cases of assault by
night, for example, there are three crim
inals between the ages of .16 and 20 to one
from 21 to SL
In thirteen years, from 1888 to 1900. in
clusive, he shows that among- criminals
the percentage of youths (from 16 to 20
ytars old, inclusive) has risen seven
times, or 1400 per cent. Unless there has
been made a grave mistake in the figur
ing, or unless police regulations hav« be
come much stricter, the figures betoken
the downfall of a diseased nation.
rapidity during the last decade. The
publication of these statistics, the com
pilation of which was completed recently,
caused a shock to the nation. The con
stant fear of Frenchmen that France Is
on the decline received a tremendous im
petu% when the figures were made public
by Paul Gamier, chief physician of the
Paris police department.
5TATTSTICS prove that the percent
age of juvenile criminals In Pranc«
has increased with almost fabulous
<J7vP STORY has just been told about
//\ pure gold found in this instance in
lf~^\ river sands, that reads. like superb
iiction. No one would give it the
slightest, credence if it were not told by a
scientific man of unquestionable authority,
for it is one of the strangest narratives
that %ver adorned a very dry and thor
oughly scientific piece of writing.
It comes from the pen of Mr. L. Gentil
Tippenhauer, who has been making a
geological investigation for the govern
ment of the Island of Haiti. The results
of his work, witfc maps, have been pub
lished in a seriea of papers In Peter
mann's Mitteilungen, one of the most
scientific of German publications. Tha
following is a translation of the story as.
it appears . at the end : of Mr. Tlppen
hauer's papers:
"I will: make mention, In conclusion, of
a very peculiar phenomenon. As I was en
gaged in a miscroscopic Investigation of
the gold-bearing river sands I observed
that the 13-year-old daughter of my com
panion, L. Aboilard, had only to lay tha
- flat of her hand on the sands and parti
cles-of gqld dust would adhere to it.
Every tim% she repeated the action her
palm. was almost covered with "old dust
that continued to cling to It. Whenever
she grasped a . handful of sand she would
shake her hand, the sand would fall to
the ground, but the > flakes of gold would
. remain clinging to It. i&SMMHBMI
"No other person present possessed this
ability. Since then ail the edu
cated Europeans in Jacmel, including Dr.
Zerva3. . geologist and representative of
the Standard -Oil Company; Roosmalo
Nepven and Mr. Dorn, Dutchmen, owners
of the gold reduction works at Para
maribo, and . others • have borne witness
to the fact that ; the young girl possesses
this remarkable peculiarity. The ,num
beriess particles of iron mixed in tha
sand did not cling to the girl's hand.
. .."I must, therefore, come to the conclu
sion that < there is in ¦ nature a power
¦whose influence in attracting gold is sim
ilar to that which magnetism exerts upon
iron and the related minerals. The daugh
!.ter of Mr. Aboilard seems to have this
power."— New York Sun.
YOUNG OFFENDERS
OF* FRANCE.
HAS A HAND THAT
ATTRACTS GOLD.
numanness of the prayer developed and
we heard the plea: "I am quite dean.' X
Therefore it was that the hatting o f
Eh&ki did not move her. But when th«
"So I did before I was Methodist Epis
copal," whispered Mrs. Koike. She be
gan her education after the approved
manner of Yokohama young ladies, the
severest course being that of flower ar
rangement; but she wound up in a mis
sion - school of Toklo, where she learned
the contortions of our language and suf
fered the tortures of civilized arithmetic.
•'Oh. ShakI! Hail! Hail!" she cried.
It was her first experience in an Ameri
can theater. She knows the Japanese the
ater, befng a well-educated woman of To
kio and Yokohama. When the Introduc
tory dancers entered Mrs. Koike gasped
with Joy.
"Same Jap'nese theater," she whispered
In an ecstasy.
I realized what I knew any way— that
David Belasco always steps surely.
The curtain rose and Madame Butter
fly's little prayer began.
"I'm ready to have my obi tied, please,"
sounded Miss Elliott's voice over the par
tition, and Miss Elliott entered by way of
the door. She was changing the complex
ion of her hands to that of Suzuki's.
Some American gentlemen in the stupid
ly American costumes of "The Great Un
known" raced through the hall to their
dressing-ipoms announcing the end of the
piny. The interval lights were high when
we went upstairs, the audience was fan
ning, gossiping, idling, looking for some
thing to look at, and, one of us being In
a kimono, we made what might techni
cally be called an entrance.
"Isn't the Alcazar management clever
to bring a Jap into the audience now to
give local color?" somebody whispered.
Mrs. Seashore Small-Pond pit-patted to
her seat In exquisitely concealed con
sciousness. "The music Is perfect," she
remarked, casually.
It had the awe-inspiring: sound of au
thorltative technique, and Mrs. Koike
subsided again into her native dlffldence.
"I know," said Mrs. Belasco, "but I am
so tall that I have to dress the hair low
for stage effect."
"She arrange hair too low. Jap'nese
woman arrange hair on top like these."
the fat maid.
The maid wore a face of non-assent.
Mrs. Koike explained In English.
The welcoming face of a manager greet
ed us at the theater and preceded us to
the room where Mrs. Belasco, alias Miss
Crosby, was changing her nationality by
means of a touch of grease-paint and a
black wig. The Japanese woman who I*
serving" as her maid during the career ol-
Cho-Cho-San sat rearranging ornaments
in the wig while Mrs. Belasco was arch
ing her eyebrows.
"She make them too high," whispered
Mrs. Koike to me when the awe of the
dressing-room mystery began to wear off.
"She says you make your eyebrows too
high," I told Madame Butterfly.
"Like Chinese, no like Japanese," ex
plained Mrs. Koike, standing by her col*
ors, though a trifle alarmed.
"Why, to be sure," assented Mrs. Pred,
comparing the real Japanese eyebrows
¦with those in the mirror. 'Til change
them to-morrow night."
Mrs. Hajna Koike beamed. She was
stage costumer, manager, director now.
Her chest swelled visibly and she spoke
Japanese words In patronizing tones to
She went as was proper.
"It is not proper to wear hat»with ki
mono," reproached Mr. Koike, kissing his
wife good-by and so proving his right to
naturalization.
I suggested a hat.
As I had known her before she
had been harnessed, American-wise, with
tailored jacket, starched collar and heeled
boot. She had submitted to the throes of
whalebones and hatpins. But to do honor
to the theatrical occasion Mrs. Hama
Koike wore a wing-sleeved kimono that
revealed rainbow linings when she moved,
and the white crest adorned her should
ers. : ; v;
LITTLE Mrs. Hama Koike,' In other
words Mrs. Seashore Small-Pond,
went with me to see and hear
"Madame Butterfly."
And thereupon 'all our technical and
rhetorical and psychological praisings o?
"artistic," "convincing," "dramatically
complete," fell flat before the compliment
paid by one little Japanese woman— the
play made her "homesick."
"She must be ver' like Jap'nese woman
—the play must be ver' like Jap'nese —
cause I feel so homesick," concluded Mrs.
Koike, with a sniffle into the paper hand
kerchief.
She was very quiet all the way home.
I tried to drag criticisms from her, and I
gathered her opinions that Miss Crosby
walked and stood with approved Japan
ese stoop. That she sat up on her knees
iustead of down onHhem, but that she
was more to be pitied than blamed for
this, ; inasmuch as American muscles are
not trained to Japanese etiquette. That
In bowing before the shrine she should
lay her palms upon the floor instead of
placing them together. That her obi is
beautifully tied and that in. her motions
she is always gentle after the manner of
Cho-Cho-San's rpce.
It was her last comment. The spell of
the ¦ tragedy was upon her, and she sat
breathless to the last pathetic line.
"Too bad those robins didn't nes*
again."
"There the night watchman."
"Those lamps use now only In few
country house. Madame Butterfly have
American .husband she would have
American lamp.''
But as the spell of the night scene grew
upon her she Icrgot criticism.
As the voice outside broke the -deathly
stillness she said:
Pinkerton's ship came in supposed sight
and the floral rejoicing went on apace.
Mrs. Koike" grew breathless in expecta
tion. • Night set in and the lamps were
lighted." They are the four incandescent
lights over which the managerial chests
puff proudly, for the lights have been
taught to flicker candle-wise, as incan
descents never before knew how. They
- are regarded as an electrical achievement,
bu/ Mrs. Koike did not approve.
She approved of Mr. Belasco' s makeup.
His screen-panel poses were realistic
enough to carry her clear across the Pa
cific.
The entrance ' of the marriage broker
called forth another gurgle of recognition.
"I know a lot Jap'nese girl get marry
that waV— by broker."
"Tha's the way," murmured the voice
beside me. "Jap'nese woman smoke a
lot herself, too. Jap'nese Woman smoke
toDacco. She love tobacco."
"They always having those troubles git
ting on floor, those American," she gig
gled in reminiscence. "See how he say
'oh!' and 'ah!' then he go down sudden
bang like those."
"I forgettin' my manners," apologized
MadamS Butterfly, offering her Dipe to the
Consul. /
When the American Consul. entered and
"went through his nightly difficulties in
sitting upon the floor, she indulged in the
Americanism of nudging.
The keynote of the tragedy being struck,
Mrs. Koike followed the humor of the
play with suppressed Japanese giggles.
When Madame Butterfly imitated Pinker
ton's American stride she chuckled with
appreciation, and she chuckled more at
the prophecy, "He say all kinds 'Mer'can
language— debbils— hell t
"My husban' speak some English, too,"
-she whispered apropos.
"I. know one like Madame Butterfly.
She notkill herself, but she jus' get sick
an" die and the bebby get so lonesome
without her, he die, too."
"Many girl get marry that way." sh»
snys: "Amer'can man marry, then leave.
Some girl understand, but some don't. -
They think they are marry, really marry.
These girl feel very bad when husband
leave them. ,
paper handkerchief. ,
She has told "me since that she knows
by heart the story of the deserted Japa
nese wife.
am shivering with cleanness. Therefor*
grant that he, Lef tenant B. F. Plkkerton^
may corae bgck soon," I heard a littlo
Japanese sob beside - me. "Oh, poor
thing!" came from the midst of it,
ami there were tears wiped away with a
USh^S .-of N
ths M'k^o^s tan*
- pOTi-its-QUv
Thtrgs RsaTTy-
What W^ ¦¦
f htrk thsy A^-
TliEvv^ SUNDAY .;¦ GAJLIi.
A JAPANESE
CRITICISM
OF A
STAGE FAB
11Leopold Jordan, a well-known journal
ist of San Francisco, is the author of a
little book of more than passing interest.
He has succeeded in. making a happy
combination of humor and hard forceful
Interviews With a Monocle.
"Under My Own. Roof," by Adelaide L.
Rouse, ;is the story of a newspaper
woman, a maiden of 40, who decides to
build a home for herself In a Jersey
suburb. The author ." has V also written
"The Deane Girls/' "Weetover House,"
etc. Before the descriptions of the home
making are: allowed to tire,' the reader
finds the thread of a love story. It con-
Under My Own ¦ "Root.
Greek / Play at Stanford.
Messrs.' Elder & Shepard of San Fran-
Cisco have just published a translation of
the Greek play, ¦ "Antigone," that is to be
presented in the original Greek at the Le
land Stanford Jr. University on the 17th
and 19th of this month. There are to be
over sixty people in the cast and twenty
three of them have speaking parts, so
these two days promise to be red letter
ones in the history of the university. The
present translation has been done by H.
R. Fairdough and A. T. Murray, profes
sors in the Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity, and "will prove vexy useful to those
Funk & Wagnalls Company of New
York have just issued a book called "In
fant Salvation: or the f Passivity of the In
fant Soul the Key to the Solution of the
Problem," by, M. J.' Flrey, D.D. Dr. Flrey
gives the history of the various phases of
the doctrines concerning infant salvation
or /damnation , from the beginning of
Christian Institutes on down' to the pres
ent times. In the second part of his book
he .expounds in detail the inception and
condition of the soul of an Infant, and de
velops the Idea that the passivity of the
infant soul Is sure ground for the belief
that its salvation is assured for it. (Price,
5120.): ¦¦;¦:•- ...
Infant Salvation.
by means of pointers that enable one all'
too soon to unravel the mystery— or mys
teries, for the main mystery has several
on the side.' T
Richard Marlow, , after accumulating a
vast fortune in South Africa, appears at
the village of Heathton, England, accom
panied by Sophy, ostensibly his daugh
ter, but really the child of a man' whose
wife had fled from him to Marlow for pro
tection in Jamaica. : Marlow lives quietly
In Heathton for some years, but on read
ing a j letter that . reached him from Ja
maica, warning him that an enemy. Is on
the way to : England i to accuse him of a
murder, of which, though guiltless, he Is
unable to prove his j Innocence, he- 1 simu
lates ' death through the agency of a drug
prepared by his physician. Dr. Warrender
(who has also been with him In Jamaica),
and is | burled in | a' roomy, vault recently,
constructed, by? his* own orders. During
the | night . following - the; funeral Marlow*s
body is taken from the vault by his faith
ful; old ' servant ¦ and:; Dr. 1 ; Warrender, car
ried: to -a -lonely hut-on -the heath and
there resuscitated. Immediately after, Dr.
Warrender,; hearing a noise outside the
hut, goes out and is stabbed to the -heart
by ¦ - Jean Lestrange, . : the man who has
come ¦•. to England -to j denounce ; or, black
mail RichardlMarlowi '. Through the exer
tions of a detective, I Marlow Is | found liv
ing under his real name, Herbert j Beau-"
champ, ; and ' the widow • of . Dr. ; ; Warrender
Is , induced to give up , a paper left by the
doctor, i in ..which he . makes a "•: full state
ment of the innocence of Beauchamp and
the guilt of Jean Lestrango of the.mur-
terances. But he has not brought to
gether the abundance of material here
presented Into a dry,^: technical treatise—
the typical flavor of a Government report.
Instead, he has given' a lucid,' comprehen
sive -and entertaining -study of j some five
hundred ' pages, ; which commands atten
tion ' from 'start to finish, and leaves the
reader with amuch better .idea of a great
problem than, he could possibly get inthe
same length of time ! elsewhere. "He has
written clearly and simply, avoiding tech
nical terms, of the problems of , • home
making | in the ; desert, showing what j has
been done in certain ; regions and what
will.be done in others. : Home-seekers will
thus find the work of the most immediate
utility. They! will be made > acquainted
with the "i amount and i desirability of | the
public land, the natural resources of par
ticular territories and ' the probable line
of.' development , to --be pursued. " A' some
what i elementary and description
of ', irrigation and , of the devices for ob
taining . and distributing water '. is given,
•including ' details of . interest " to persons
who, are "beginning ..; to give attention to
the subject: ; More space is devoted to the
crude but I effective home-made contri
.vances. than -to the, elaborate or expensive
machinery r purchased from i manufactur
ers, for the success of. irrigation ; depends
most; largely upon.' the 'rough-and-ready
. ingenuity, of the first settlers. in a new
1 country ¦: in adapting their ways to the
.environment.' - \ : v •. ' ¦,
i Not 0 alone to the home-seeker is this
work valuable. One of the most moment-
easily understood. An appendix nas been
added to the volume that will be found
useful to those who wish , to teach the
subject. The book Is published by Hinds
& Noble, New York. Price JL
"Interviews With a Monocle," althougK
bound in paper, has been given a very at
tractive dress and is most convenient in
form for handy reading. It is published by
the Whitaker & Ray Company, San
Francisco. . ¦, C-
"Were the Health Department of thi« highly
populated city doing its duty, were It on the
alert, as you say. It would bring to, the
courts of justice those persons who own the
hovels, and grow fat on the rents therefrom.
If after proper and decisively | swift • notice
«uch owners neglected to j rebuild their ram
shackle dens, or improve and make them habit
able and fit for human occupancy, they should
ba charred with maintaining a nuisance. In
asmuch as they suffered , fellow Christians to
pay for rent and live ,In dwellings . unfit for
human habitation. . Get At the landlord! He
is the person to bring to account; • he is ' the
one to sea to it that there are' no leaks and
apertures to let In the, ralns> and: the cold
blasts of the terrible, pitiless winters encoun
tered here. I wonder If such > a person ever
stops to think of the comfortless ) hearths of
his tenants and of the Inability ' of many of
them to provide themselves with even coal to
ward off the' biting » frost and penetrating
winds that come in at the creaking doors and
dilapidated, foul-smelling passages I and ill-fit
tinr windows ?"' ¦
"The Health Department of th» . . city • of
New York is efficient and Is always on th«
alert; it performs | Its duty." said tha news
paperman in a tons Indicating that ha knew
what he was talking about. V . V ¦
"To your Public Health Department for
one" replied the Monocle, with much warmth.
"I admit nothing of the sort. Those- of the
class for whom I speak are generally indus
trious and ask no care, no charity,' only decent
habitation in return for the extortlonately high
rent demanded. As things are they must exist
in guarters unfit even for animals."
"To whom do you attribute such a state of
affairs?",' • . t - ¦ .. '¦ •
"You will admit it would be a hard matter
to care for bo many uphappy I thousands?"
asked the newspaperman.
"From the lower east side of New York City
to well uptown, much, too, on the west side,
can be seen any summer day or ' night i a con
dition of bodily and mental suffering that
rivals description." .
brave result on some of the leading issues
of the hour. He discusses . our freedom
and equality; our poor; our charitable
gifts; our lynchings; our Police Court
methods; our soldiers; and our agitators
and the rich man. j There is much hard
truth in these readable essays of Mr. Jor
dan, and those who take up the book at
first merely for its breezy and entertain
ing style may pause to consider and learn.
Here is a bit that he has to say concern
ing the New York tenements, which wia
serve to show the author's clean cut and
forceful method of expression: .
"The most sumptuous dish for camp is
baked, stunted trout This can be accom
plished better near a farm or store where
materials can be secured. Only a large
fish Is worthy of being cooked in this
manner. Begin by slitting the lower part,
take out the gills and inside; wash thor
oughly; cut incisions two Inches apart
along the sides, and skewer pieces of fat
bacon in the cuts. To prepare the stuffing
chop separately a piece of suet or fat
pork, some Bprigs of green parsley, four
small onions, the yolK of a -hard-boiled
egg, and a little dried sage. Take three
cups of -rolled bread crumbs, add a few
cloves, mix thoroughly together and
moisten with a cup of white wine. Put
the stuffing in lightly and ekewer the fish
securely. Place it carefully in the bake
kettle, pour in half a pint of white wine
or hot water to prevent the fish from ad
hering, lay on the fish some pieces of but
ter and place the kettle in the hottest
part of the fire. Baste at Intervals. It
should be cooked in fifty minutes."
Another article In the book is devoted
to "Some Notes on Cooking Brook Trout,"
by Mr. Rhead himself. He gives recipes
for the best results in the camp when
the fish can be taken from the stream to
the fire; they certainly have the right ring
and are appetizing enough, to make one
long for an opportunity to try them In the
hunger-creating air of the mountains.
Here Is the one selected for the camp
rest-day, when there is plenty , of time
to delight the palate as well as to satisfy
the inner man:
In his article on "Winged Enemies of
Brcok Trout," J. Annin Jr. gives us an
excellent idea of the serious loss of fish
eggs and young fish when they are left
to their own devices to hatch and make
their way Id the streams. There is prob
ably not one person in a hundred that
realizes what an important part is played
by the birds of the air and aquatic fowls
in the destruction of the embryo fish. The
only remedy against such odds is the
process of artificial propagation, now in
vogue under State Fish Commissions. A,
Nelson Cheney writes a paper covering
this matter of artificial fish hatching as
well as can be done in the limited space
of a short article.
It is estimated that not more than 5 per
cent of the young trout hatched in na
tive waters escape from their' enemies
and attain maturity; by fish-culture
methods, to which we are indebted for
the perpetuation of the trout, a percent
age of. SO to 90 per cent is ordinarily,
reached. • • » The sense of hear
ing in all species of fish is a matter of
concussion on the surface of the water.
Sit motionless in a boat, and you may
sing 'I Won't Go Home Till Morning,'
or any other gala song, to the extreme
high limit of your voices, and the trout
or any other fish will remain ¦ undis
turbed, but scratch your toe upon the
bottom of the boat, and presto! the pool
is as dead and barren as e." burned prai
rie. Approach a pool from over the
bank with a careless tread, and. when
you ' reach it the trout are. gone, none
know where. Crawl to the pool noise
lessly on all fours and you will find your
trout . reposing without fear of danger.
The avoidance of concussion is the great
factor on a trout pool or stream in get
ting a satisfactory creel; slide, rather
than step, In wading, and your success
will be creater."
J. Berg Esenweln, A. M.', Lit. D., pro
fessor of the English language and lit
erature ? in the Pennsylvania Military
Academy, has written a small volume en
titled "How to Attract and Hold an
Audience," that should prove particularly
useful to those desirous of preparing
themselves for the stage, for the law. the
ministry, or as public speakers. Professor
Esenwein handles his subject in a highly
scientific manner and yet writes in a
popular vein that is not above the heads
of his possible readers. His work Jia
neither technical nor theoretical, nor does
he treat his subject on the plan of the old
elocutionary manual. His expositions and
explanations are straightforward and
How to Attract and Hold an Audience
Contrary to the expectation aroused by
the title, "Lepidus the Centurion," by
Edwin Lester Arnold, is not a tale of old
Roman days, but instead is concerned
with English life of the present time. Be
yond a touch of unreality lent by an un
usual plot, the situations are vivid, well
connected and plausible, glowing under
the author's splendid imaginative power3.
The study of modern social life, with its
tinge of the ancient, becomes all the more,
interesting through the blending. The
author is afforded a fine opportunity for
mild sarcasm, rich uumor and striking
dramatic effect, all of which he is the
first to perceive. For the rest, this is. a
story without a villain— whose absence^
is not even missed, so rapid is the action"
—and with, a heroine well worth the
struggle which culminates here after two
thousand years.
For those who admire a story with a
touch of the supernatural, when that ele
ment adapts itself to vivid delineation—
as in Bulwer Lytton's "Coming Race"
and Bellamy's "Looking Backward"— this
plot will have special value. (Published
by Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New York-
Price $1 50.)
Lepidus the Centurion.
"Much discussion arose some years ago
as to the trout flopping Its tail at o
floating bug in Its efforts to disable or
drown it, and thus render its prey more
easy to capture. In rapid or turbulent
water this never occurs; In a large
quiet one it has been my good fortune
to witness it nearly every day for about
a fortnight. • • • The size of a
trout at Its different stages of growth
depencs upon the area of the water in
¦which It lives, the food therein and vigor
end health of the individual, hence this
fish and all other species show char
acteristic and personal physical traits;
aome are large and vigorous for their
age, others are stunted and feeble, in
fact the natural law of the 'survival of
the fittest' is supreme among the fauna
of the world, whether of the air, the
•water or the land, extending, as all
know, to the genus homo. Hence It is
somewhat difficult to" decide upon the
age of a trout from its size, weigh*,
coloration or specific form, but as a rule
the average rrowth of a trout Is about
one ounce for the first year, eight to
ten ounces In two years and one pound
In three years. These sizes are natural
ly and relatively Increased where their
habitat Is- fully supplied with food and
trhere the water is of higher tempera
ture than In the pure spring streams.
• • • On the approach of the spawn
ing season, which usually occurs in Sep
tember, October and November; but is
dependent upon the latitude and temper
ature of the stream or pond, ' the trout
makes Its way upward nearly to the
Eource of the clear, cold spring water
brooks, giving preference to those that
flow rapidly over gravelly bottoms.
Here it selects a 6pot near the bank and
the female flops with the tail the sand
from her nest and uses her nose to push
the gravel aside, thus forming a slightly
concave hollow, in which she deposits
Th« articles on the "Old Adirondack*"
and the "New Adirondaeks," by Charles
Hallock, and "An Angler's Notes on the
Beaverkill." by Benjamin Kent, have this
same Eastern flavor, naturally, but are
none the less interesting. "The Habits
of the Trout," by William C. Harris, of
fers much in a popular vein to clear up
frequently asked questions and suggests
new trains of thought to the amateur
angler. Here follow a few excerpts that
may prove enliglhening to some:
The second article of the series is on
"Big Trout of the Nepigon. Lake Ed
ward. Lake Batiscan. etc." by E. T. D.
Chambers, and gives us an excellent idea
of the fishing in Canadian waters. It is
a matter for regret that Mr. Rhead has
not seen fit "to incorporate in his book
tome tales and deporiptipns of our own
California trout, for with Lake Tahoe.
the beauties of the Whitney region, the
McClou<3 and the giant Rainbow of the
Klamath there is room for a volume ajone.
Bet this is a matter for readers from
other sections of the Union to take ex
ception to, as it is their loss that they
sanrot read of the tvonders we have at
our very doors and can appreciate all the
more by this opportunity for comparison.
The first paper is by Charles Hallock
and gives a "General Description of the
Trout Family," written in a half scien
tific way. not beyond the comprehension
of even the most casual dabbler in mat
ters technical. He tells us something
about the general distribution of the fish,
gives us a summary of American trouts
with their common and scientific names,
and shows In a new light how the trout
has really been a potential factor in the
advancement of civilization.
The volume is made up of eleven arti
cles, by various experts with rod and reel,
selected and edited bv Louis Rhead. In
the preface the editor says that it was his
original intention to issue a series of vol
umes under the title of "A Library of
Rod and Gun." He hints that if the pres
ent book meets with a kindly reception
he still may carry out his original
plan. Judging from the worth of this
book to all who love and appreciate na
ture and delight in one of the most
healthful of all sports of the field he de
serves a demand to more than equal his
expectation. The articles selected vary
to cover the subject from the poetical and
beautiful side and the technical as well.
In reading over the pages it will be a
dull heart indeed that will not warm to
the glowing and appreciative descriptions
of these enthusiasts of the stream; your
hand will itch for the feel of the rod, the
jerk of the line, the splash, the glorious
fight and the splendid victory that comes
to the steady nerve and practiced hand
and eye.
brothers, a book on that king of game
fish, the speckled brook trout, should find
as hearty a welcome amor.g the daugh
ters of a California family as among its
Eons. A volume devoted to this subject
and called "Th» Speckled Brook Trout"
has just been published by R. H. Russell
of New York, with all the favors of artis
tic work that that publisher knows so
well how to lavish. The book, from its
outward appearance aj.d then again from
its typography and the particular excel
lence of its illustrations, would attract a
more than passing interest to its subject
matter; but its articles are In no way
lacking and deserve all the care of dress
that the publisher has seen fit to give
them.
INT these days when the honors of sport
afield snd afloat are so closely con
tested by the members of the fair
fcx against the efforts of their sterner
In line with this question, Mr. Newell's
book is timely. He is one of the most
capable writers of such a work in this
country, his long official and practical ex
perlenc* ffiviug aim authority in his ut-
Probably the average citizen of this
country would be surprised to learn that
two-fifths ot our national territory is al
most unknown^ and yet remains to be de
veloped and made habitable. We have
been so intent on legislating good harbors
and waterways into "existence, and in ex
ternal territorial expansion, that we have
not paid commensurate attention to the
great problem of. putting to use the vast
resources of the West. Although a be
ginning has been made in the way of
reclamation of the arid lands by irriga
tion, the greater part of the work remains
to be done. ,
.The era of fairy tales and wonder work
ing is not yet- past. The magician's wand
which made oases In the desert is being
grasped by the hands of that very vague
but real personage we affectionately style
"Uncle Sam," and he is urged to wield it
vigorously over. the arid plains of the far
West. Already J mlracle3 have been
wrought; and who can tell v/hat further
marvels await the magic touch?
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co. of New York
have, just published" a sterling work on
"Irrigation in the United States," by
Frederick Haynes Newell, Chief . of Di
vision of _• Hydrography of the United
States Geological Survey.
Irrigation in the United States.
In Fergus Hume's late work, "A Mil
lionaire Mystery," the author has laid a
plot that in Its development causes cold
shivers to run up and down the reader's
back and his heart to beat only intermit
tently. But, unfortunately, the weird de
light of the shivers and intermittent
heartbeats Is subdued early in the story
A Millionaire Mystery.
an average of eighty days, qualified by
the temperature of the water— 125 days
in that of 37 degrees F. and fifty days
in 50 degrees F.— the young are hatched
and the fry henceforth take care of
themselves as best they may, the food
bag, or more properly the umbilical
park, which is attached to their bellies,
sustaining life for thirty to forty days.
her eggs, and the male emits the .milt
upon them almost at the same time. The
parent trouts leave their nests imme
diately after the act of spawning is com
pleted, giving no parental care to either
the ova or their young, a trait so beau
tifully exhibited by the black bass, the
sunfish and the lowly 'catty.' On about
The first part of the book is written in
a light vein and easily entertains with the
efforts of the newspaper men to interview,
the newly arrived "Monocle,* '••« and his
clever successes in avoiding the expres
sion of any opinions until he has not only
seen but digested what he has been
pleased to investigate. ,
In Part II the "Monocle" grows serious
SRd hammers away with good will and
fact that is alike interesting and Instruc
tive. He employs the conceit of a "Mon
ocle" just arrived— an Englishman.. who
comes to our country and examines our
land, its customs and laws with the im
partial eye of a keen observer and a fair
minded judge. ' -j •
Wending its innocent way through the
labyrinths; of * this tale of murder, and
blackmail, runs the love story of Sophy
and Alan Thorold, an estimable young
gentleman, to whom Sophy; was engaged
before being introduced to the reader, and
to w*hom she is happily married at the
close of the book. (Published by F. M.
Buckles & Co., New York. Price $125.)
der in Jamaica, at which he, Dr. War
render,'was present, but had kept silence
for the purpose of blackmailing Beau
champ.
earns the home-builder, an old flame, and
an old friend, the third of whom has be
come a next-door, neighbor. With this
romance are entwined a number of. heart
affairs as well as warm friendships.-(Pub
lished by Funk & Wagnalls: Company,
New York. Price $120.) ¦ .
Dr. Newell's work will undoubtedly be
taken as authority. It covers the topic
adequately and accurately. The presence
of many full-page illustrations, sketches
and. diagrams assist the reader and lend
both interest and beauty to an im
portant volume. Price 52.
ous topics being discussed upon the floor
of the present Congress Is irrigation, and
noteworthy legislation is expected under
that head. In his last message the
President gave particular, attention to
this problem, strongly advising a national
appropriation worthy of the need. He be
lieves that forestry and irrigation are the
two most vital internal problems of our
country — and the two go hand in hand.
The subject, therefore, becomes one of
immediate interest to every intelligent
citizen. . .
THE ALASKO-CANADIAN FRONTIER-
By Thomas William Balch. Frew oxXn.7
L*n« * Scott. Philadelphia. *
fl^O c «t°ry Company. New York.
SHAKESPEAREAN SYNOPSES — By J
ALLIN WLVFIELD-By Geor£ jfieXert
W ££, P - M - Buckles * c °- New York nln
w^ P £ INCIPLES AND PRACTICE OF
WHIST-By Lennard Leigh and E«ie 3 t Bertf
holt. with a chapter by W. H. Whitfleld M
A.. Cantab. Henry T. Coates & Co. Philadel
phia. |1 50.
THE SABERTOOTH-By Stephen Kidder
Kinder. Laird & Lee. Chicago. 75 cents
THE STORY OF THE VINE-By Edward
Eaerson. O. P. Putnam's Sons. New York.
Books Received.
SCARLET AND HTSSOP— By E. F Benson.
D. Appleton A Co., New York. $1 60.
PARABLES OF LIFE By Hamilton
Wright Mabie. The Outlook Company, New
THE PROCEEDINGS OP THE WEBSTER
CENTENNIAL OP DARTMOUTH COLLEGS
—Edited by Ernest Martin Hopkins
DREWITT'S DREAM-By W. L. Alden. D
Appleton & Co.. New Tork. $1 .- ¦ ' H ' '
u 1 ???¥ S ~? 7 FranCM Funer - Vl <*°r- Pub
lished by the author
THE LAND OF NOME-Bj La nler McKe< .
The Grafton Press New York «cn.ee.
THE MASTER OF CAXTON— By Hllderard
Bro^s. Charles Scribner-. Son* j^SK
cS.*^ °J OVE - 1 * Benjamin Swift.
Charles Scrlbner'a Sons. New York si ko
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE-By £<£-,,
?oTV B T'- • CharleS Scribn^S°i New
"Out West" for April Is made up of the
following interesting features: "The Dis
covery of Our Pacific Coast," Illustrated.
R. A. Thompson; "The Manzano Salt
Lake," illustrated, D. W. Johnson; "Cit
rus Fruits SO Years Ago," illustrated.
Charles F. Lummis; "In Western Let
ters," illustrated, C. F. L.; "Sequoya, the
American Cadmus" (portrait); "Back
There" (poem), Tracy and Lucy Rob.'n
son; "The Captain of the Gate" (story).
Eugene Manlove Rhodes; "It Was His'
(story), Cloudsley Johns; "To Eu'alia"
(poem), A. B. Bennett; "Early Western
History"— from documents never before
published in English— Diary of Father Ju
nipero Serra, from Loreto to San Diego
1769 (continued from March); "The Se
quoya League, to Make Better Indians"
"The Landmarks Club"; "In the Lion's
Den" (by the editor); "That. Which la
Written" (reviews by the editor and C \
Moody); "The 20th Century West" con
ducted by William E. Smythe; "The Sac
ramento Valley," illustrated. W. S. Green
"Sunset" for April contains the follow
ing: "The State Capitol," Sacramento.
Cal., cover Illustration; "Sunset Study at
Lake Tahoe," frontispiece; "California's
Inland Empire." the Sacramento Valley,
W. S. Green; "Trout Fishing in the Sier
ra." Al. M. Cummins; "At Fair Oaks on
the American," Frank J. Bramhall; "Tha
Lilies of the Chancel," an Easter story,
Elizabeth Vore; "A National Asssmbly of
Women." Isabel Bates Winslow; *"La
Fiesta de Los Angeles." J. Torrey Con
nor; "Afloat a Mile Above the Sea." a
picture study of Lake Tahoe, H. C. Tib
bltts; "Luther Burbank— Man, Method!
and Achievements," third paper. Achieve,
ments. Professor Edward J. Wickson;
"How the Fox Became Cunning," an In'
dian myth.' Bourdon Wilson; "April"
(poem). Warren Cheney; "Sunset Ray«
of Fact and Fancy," "Kind Words from
W,ise Critics."
Under the title of "Cape Cod Ballads."
Albert Brandt, publisher. Trenton, N. J..
will publish Immediately a collection of
poems by Joe Lincoln, one of the younger
generation of American writers. Mr Lin
coln's delightful delineations of the quaint
Cape Cod variety of human nature have
appeared for years regularly In the Satur
day Evening Post. Puck. Harper's Week
ly, the Youth's Companion, Types, the
League of American Wheelmen Bulletin
and other periodicals. His book is Illus
trated by Edward W. Kemble. the famous
artist In character types, of New York,
and comprises some 200 pages.
Mary Catherine Crowley's "The Heroine
of the Strait." which Little, Brown & Co.
will publish early in April, is a second
story of old Detroit, even more Interest-
Ing than "A Daughter of New France."
by the same author. Its principal events
are the surrender of Detroit to the Eng
lish, the conspiracy of Pontiac and tha
siege of Detroit by the Indians under hjs
command. The romance has been drawn
from historical authorities, the old French
manuscript of the story of the siege of
Detroit by the Indians under Pontiac be
ing the principal source, the translation
followed being that preserved In the- col
lection of the Michigan Pioneer Associa
tion.
Hunting rattlesnakes with a camera in
the San Bernardino Mountains of Califor
nia Is the subject of a remarkable con
tribution by W. H. Backus to Country
Life in America for April. The "rattlers"
have an appearance of being horribly
near. In fact, the photographer was bit
ten in one encounter, and another time
the snake broke its fangs striking ~.e
camera. A picture of an old reptile ready
for action seems as remarkable in its way
as the; leaping cougar in A. G. "Wallihan's
"Camera Shots at Big Game."
Work from the pen of Mr. Quill er-
Couch is welcome alike for its literary
quality and its point of view. His hitest
book. "The Westcotes," a story of rural
England in the time of the Napoleonic
wars, which has been running in the Era
and in Blackwood's Magazine. ha3 recent
ly appeared In book form in England and
Is announced for early publication in thl3
country by Henry T. Coates & Co.
Literary Notes.
who go to see the play and find need ror
a" libretto. It is published very attrac
tively in paper, 33 cents.
THE SUXD AT C ALli.
CcndUc-t^d by
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
12
j Sophocles 1 j
Antigone
I Prose translation by Professors R
Murray and Fairclough, cor- t|
¦ responding to the Uxt of the |j
presentation, April 17 th and |Oth, m
AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY. I
BcavtiluIIy Issued. S
35 Cents HeL I
* Published and Sold by Jj
Oder and Shepard, 1
238 Post Street, San Frtndsco. |
Send for Catalogue of Publications. H
"In the Footprints
of the Padres."
By CHARLES WARB55 870DDAKD.
" This book is largely remi-
niscent. It is comprised of the
inemories of one who has spent hi3
11! e on tha Pacific Coast, one who
loves California with that peculiar
devotion that inspires all the sona
of the golden "West. . Mr. Stoddard
nas a atyle that is Individual and
artistic He writes with a smooth
( flow of words that forms a fitting
setting for his prose songs concern-
ing the buoyant youth of Califor-
nia."— Tha Milwaukee Sentinel.
PRICE $75b NET.
A. M. ROBERTSON,
• Publisher, 26 Post Street.
O 1 ..Qthis veiy reason, and the gymnasium
practice helps. By the time a man is pro
ficient in the art of hanging by his feet,
those feet are pretty .well under his con
trol and so much the better for his pas
sengers.
At the billiard table all the men gain
quickness of motion and eye, accuracy of
touch, steadiness of nerve. They need
plenty of these. On the forty-four miles
of the round trip a good many things may
happen.
There are wagons, horses, bicycles and
automobiles for the gripman to look out
for. There are people who rush dowrfside
streets, waving for the car to stop. There
are bell signals to give and* bell signals
to respond to, and they must be given
and responded to quickly. One bell means
"stop," two bells mean "start," three
mean "back." These are the words that
the conductor speaks to the gripman • by
the jerk of a rope, and there . may be
lives In the balance If the gripman errs
or delays in his reply. This is where his
quickness and his ; presence of minJ
come In.
"We never employ absent-minded men,"
says Harris. "Sometimes there have been
fellows seeking work who were alFright
in every other way. They were faithful
and strong, but their absent-mindedness
made them useless to us.
"We can tell how they are In this re
spect after the trial that we give them.
This trial lasts two or three weeks, ac
cording to whether the business is abso
lutely new to a man or whether he has
had some experience on another f road.
During the first three days of the trial
the prospective gripman Is not allowed
to touch the : levers ¦ once. He merely
looks ~on. Standing , behind r the experi
enced man' he watches every let-go/ every
stop, every, start, until he has some idea
of/ the ¦ duties of the : position. Then he
may ; take the"' levers, very gingerly -at
first, while the ¦ experienced v gripman
stands close behind and seizes. the brakes
when,. the new man shows the least sign
of bewilderment."
During this period of probation it' Is
The room next is thronged, too. It is
often cloudy with smoke, for the club
members are allowed their tobacco. At
one end is the billiard table, and this Id
surrounded by men looking on while oth
ers play. Two card tables are kept In use
a good deal of the time, and the news
papers are In demand. It. is for the buy
ing of these papers Chat the 10-cent fee Is
used. Ten cents a month from each dob
The room set aside for the gymnasium
is far too small for the purpose.. It was
a sort of left-over room on the California
street side of the building. When it was
fitted up nobody realized how popular a
place It was , to become. Of course, the
company cannot require their men to
practice there; they have to depend upon
keeping alive an interest in the exercise.
This interest grew ! and waxed so great
that it overflowed the apartment. Now at
the "off -hours" there axe men waiting for
their turns at the apparatus.
So here Is, a big benefit that the grip
men get from the gym work. The con
ductors do,' too, and it is of use in their
business, for they are called upon to give
hurried signals and to manage the brake
at the rear end of the car In many a
time of emergency.
Just here, on this point of presence of
mind, the gymnasium work comes in. - It
is a benefit claimed^ for physical trainine
everywhere that it develops this faculty.
When you are skinning a cat on the bar,
turning whirligigs in the rings or punch
ing, the Quickly jumping bag, you have to
keep your eyes open and your hands
ready for emergency. It may come at
any instant. You may miss the exact in
stant to catch the bar or the rings or to
return the thrusts of the bag unless you
are watchful and quick. '
easy enough to find out whether the
novice Is a man with his wits about him
or not. Of course experience will improve
him, anyway, but he must be possible
-material.
The Sultan's body guard on the journey
consi*cs of 5000 troops and a train of artil
lery. With this he will now proceed
against the Kabilas, a native tribe of ma
rauders who recently kidnaped some
Spanish boys and fled to the desert with
them. The Sultan intends to "eat up",
these Kabilas and to see that the work Is
properly done Colonel Alvarez Ardamy of '
the general staff of the Spanish army goes •
along with the expedition.
9BMjtmg£SgS£Zjtt&g^£UHJg>BBKJ :
These Circassian girls were not In the
least like the ones which appear with
frowsy heads or hair stiffened with gum
arable in the Bowery museums, but real
beauties of the first class, bought in Cir
cassia and imported at great expense for
the Sultan's pleasure. The handsomest
girl of the lot cost no less than $50,000,
which is an Immense price, even for a .
beautiful Circassian girl, warranted to be
the genuine article. But, then, she is de
scribed as one of the loveliest creatures "
upon which eye ever rested, and the Sul
tan of Turkey would have bought her if
he had felt as if he could afford the price.
With the advent of this ravishing beauty 1
into the harem of the Sultan Abdel Aziz
lively times may be looked for In that
heretofore quiet and orderly establish
ment, for she is a haughty beauty with a
will of her own, and as a $50,000 odalisque
may be expected to try and lord it over
her less fortunate companions.
The proclamation also stated that the
journey of the Sultan through, his do
mains was for the general good of his
subjects and the strengthening of his
friendly relations with foreign countries!
As the Sultan journeyed he received gifts
of great value from communities and
wealthy chiefs. The Governor of Casa
Blanca, however, outdid all the other offi
cials in the munificence of his offering to
his .royal master. He started a popular
subscription to raise a fund for purchas
ing a suitable gift for the Sultan, and
when a native Governor in Morocco starts
such a subscription it is not healthy to
refuse to subscribe. With the money con
tributed the Governor bought five beauti
ful* Circassian girls and presented them to
Ms royal master, who was highly, grati
fied at this mark of his subjects' love and
esteem.
** Jf (JL.AI-ABDEL. AZIZ, Sultan of
( \/\ Morocco, has just completed a
I Jf I little journey through his do-
I mains, and the Spanish papers
are giving some interesting de
tails of the royal "progress." When the
Sultan approached the city of Rabat the
Governor of that place issued a proclama
tion in which he directed that any one
who offended the "descendant of the
prophet and prince of true believers" or
refused to obey any of his orders should
have his hands and feet pierced and the
holes filled with salt. Then over the mem
bers so treated should be drawn a cover
ing of leather which should be fastened
on permanently. Any one caught rob
bing or assaulting natives or foreigners, It
was ordered, should be tied on a camel'a
back and flogged, the number of lashes
laid on to be graduated according to the
nature of the offense.
WHEN THE SULTAN
OF MOROCCO
TAKES A JOURNEY
The conductors, too. have their hours
of work in the gymnasium. There are few
of them big men; in fact, it is supposed,
that a email conductor is better, as he
can move through a crowded car less
clumsily, leaving some toes unstepped on,
some skirt ruffles untorn. But it is wori'j
the conductor's while to keep agile for
However, it takes muscle on any line.
There are quick stops to be made, huge
levers to handle. This calls for a mighty
wrist as well as a quick eye. .
lines and it has the top rope at crossings.
Therefore the let-gos are few and the
gripman's life is less a struggle.
his head appears to be getting bumped.
Big Jack, the other giant, weighs only
260 pounds, which he cannot, to save his
life, increase quite to the standard of
Cummings. He has as much musclo,
though, and he is quick at handling the
grip. When Jack punches .the bag it
dances about like a boy being soundly
thrashed.
All of the gripmen on the California and
Kyde street lines must weigh as much as
155 pounds and be no less than five feet
ten inches tall. These are the require
ments, and most of the men go a good
deal beyond them. So when they get to
work in the gym it looks like a lot of
giants out for a frolic
The Hyde-Btreet men are the more pow
erful—they have to be. They have the
hard work. Jn enite of sjeep California
etreet hills -that line [ Is looked upon as
play, by comparison. It la one of the old
*~y O sang Oelett Burgess, and so sings
e,very one who knows what the
V j Hyde street gripman's life is. The
p*-^ rain may slant and the norther may
blow, and it's little difference it
makes to him. He and his big right arm
must be there, and the heavier the weath
er the nastier and harder is she to hold.
For the sake of this the big right arm
of the gripman must go to school.
The school is in the power-house, at the
corner of California and Hyde streets. It
is a gymnasium, in which the men can
swing Indian ciubs, raise dumb-bells,
practice on the bar and rings and punch
the bag. During eff-hours the braes-but
toned Sandows drop In and have a swing
on the rings or a bout with the bag for
the sake of keeping the right arm in per
fect form.
That Hyde street grip may not seem re
markable to the casual observer, but, as a
matter of fact, it Is the hardest in town.
Not only are the hills heavy, but the "let
gos" ar; many. "When cable lines cross
the rule rtands that the older line sha.l
be given the top rope. Now, the Hyde
street line is, unfortunately, young, and
must let its elders take precedence. It
has the underneath rope every time. This
means that the gripman must let go in
order to cross the line having the top
rope, and then there isUhe big yank of'
taking it up again. This is no work for
soft muscle.
So in the gymnasium the muscles are
toned up. There the men work like prize
fighters in training, cutting their lunch
time in order to "stiffen up."
J. W. Harris, the superintendent of the
road, started the gymnasium a good while
ago, and the men took such an Interest in
it that a club sprang up and grew about
It. Now a billiard-room adjoins th"»
"gym," and there are card tables and
newspaper tables to help the 1 men to find
amusements in place of those that are
forbidden.
Cummings and Jackson— "Big Jack" he
is to those who know him— are the giants
of the road, and they intend to keep up.
their reputation for gianthood. When
they leave their cars at 1 o'clock in the
afternoon they make for the gymnasium,
and therg they go at it. «
Together they weigh 561 pounds. Cum
rnlngs is a great mountain— the one who
weighs 201, which is a good deal of man.
When he goes over the bar it is like the
hoisting of a big ox. He is not agile. bu«.
he is splendidly strong, and it must be a
hard grip which slips his husky hold. His
arm is made of iron. He is so tall that
when he stands in his place at the grip
Oh. the rain is slanting sharply and the north
er's blowing cold,
TVhrri the cable strands are loosened she Is
nasty hard to hold;
There's little time for Bitting down and little
time for gab. •
For the bumper guards the crossing and you'd
best be keeping tab!
Two-and -twenty "let-gos" every doable trip —
It takes a bit of doing, on the Hyde street
eript
But after a pull at the pipe and, a glance
at the paper and a game of cards back
they go to the "gym." They all seera to
want a awing and a punch before they go
back to duty— just enough of a swing and
a punch to send them forth again with a
good, stiff feeling in that big right arm.
For there are
"Two-and-twenty let-gros" every double trip—
It takes a bit of doing on the Hyde street
grip!"
A gallery runs across one side of the
room, a convenient place for .brass-but
toned coats to hang while they are oft
duty. The men seem to enjoy mightily
getting rid of the uniform and being
their own non-professional selves for a
loafing hour.
member Is easy enough for each: It Is so
easy that nobody knows It is missing, and
It is sufficient to keep all the news of the
day delivered at the room.
The gymnasium apparatus is simple, as it must be in so small a
space, but it serves its purpose nevertheless. Our men keep their mus
cles in good training even with a few minutes' exercise every day. Most
of them, spend a much longer time. They are to be seen hard at it every
noon when they are off duty.
The right arm of the gripman must be as good as a prizefighter's,
and we intend to have it so.
"When I established it for them I thought of it chiefly as a place of
recreation. Our men are not allowed to visit saloons while on duty, and
it occurred to me that the best way to enforce that rule was to give them'
something else to visit. So the room was fitted up and they took a grent
interest in it. Soon they formed a club of their own with the gymnasium
as a nucleus, and now they have a billiard table, card tables and the
daily papers all in the power-house in their little clubrooms. A fee of 10
cents a month provides for the expenses of the club, so nobody feels
the dues heavy. . " ¦
IT takes big muscle to guard the grip.
That is why we employ big men to do the work- After we have
tested them and found them stiong enough, we go to work to make
them stronger. We have a "gym" for their especial benefit, and nobody
knows how many accidents may have been avoided by its use.
J. W. Harris, Superintendent of the California-Street
Cable Railroad. Explains the System.
THE SUNDAY CALU
HOW THE "GRIP" ARMS
IS TRAINED
13sThe ¦ armament 'of '. a sixty to eighty
submarine ' may be ; made /very " efficient
against .any ship within ' the "close range
that • the boat could '.work.' \The : Pike and
the Grampus Tare^ armed , with automobile
torpedoes, which * in-* delivering,") the' con
ning tower ; - must 'show .at , four : hundred
yards? from : the ; ship, r : but^ even , then the
. ship could ; hardly, sink her, before the , tor
pedo I was effectively j placed.^ The : muzzle
of ;,a torpedo tube for the discharge of 45
centimeter '". Whitehead •;. torpedoes, used
by theiUnited States navy," is • placed well
up in the nose of the craft. -1 The muzzle of
. the ; . torpedo r tube i Is '• closed ) by - a ". water-
In the construction of the vessels care
has been . taken that all j portion's of : the
exterior of the hull shall be V free from
projection of a kind, that .might be en
tangled ...by : ropes, or .'. other obstacles -.when
submerged. , The . crew v of one v of ; these
boats consists , of seven men, although
there i is space : in ' the * interior.: for twelve
if, necessary. .Theduties of the. crew' of
a submarine boat are so severe that > the
men ; must be relieved frequently, and , al
though a submarine can be perfectly
lighted' and perfectly ventilated she will
be : uninhabitable^ for - long - periods owing
to the; cramped quarters., "
, respectively., By this ! arrangement the
engine is perfectly balanced and vibration
is reduced to a minimum. :
,The ; central > compartment contains ' in
its double bottom the : main ballast! tanks
and a circular^ compensating tank. : ; In. the
rear ., compartment . is ' the four-cylinder
gasoline -engine, which is- rated at from
160 to 190,, actual ; horsepower. 1 Steam - has
been found impracticable for tunder-sur-'
face running, because of :' the waste and
gas caused by ¦; the . use ; of coal. : , In these
engines,-; which : have > given great satis
faction in the first Holland boats, the dis
tribution ': of \the cranks and the , timing
'of ,'< the valves and igniters are • so ar
ranged : that ; the operations ; In the ' four
alternate, so that : while one is on the v * ex
pansion stroke the other three ! are on , the
suction, compression 'and \ exhaust strokes
trim, whether in fresh or . salt water or
in any- mixture of the two. For keepirig;
the boat submerged'at desired depths use
Is made of the trimming and ballast tanks
above described, and the control ; in this
respect ; Is very - satisfactory. .In. the for
ward compartment besides the air flasks
are a gasoline tank of' 850 gallons capa
city and one of . the r trimming • tanks.
Gearing; is provided for driving the pro
peller direct . from : the gasoline engine or
connecting. the engine to the maki motor,'
accommodation being effected by means
of i suitable ' clutches. . ¦ • -
In the Pike and the Grampus It is
thought the most correct and easily han
dled dimensions have been approximated
In making them in length 65 feet all over.
diameter 12 feet and displacement 120
tons. Too great length has been found an
obstacle to good work, probably because
they require space for generating power
to furnish a speed which can be obtained
only at the expense of handiness. A sec
tion of the skeleton of a submarine boat
in its early stages of construction much
resembles a series of hoops waiting to
encircle a cask. The same section in a
later stage, when the metal plates have
been riveted outside the hoops, resem
bles, looking through the interior, a view
through an underground railway tunnel.
The submarine boat is built entirely of
metal; the hull is circular, in cross sec-
exhaustion of stores and movements of
weights; modeling her to -meet the phy
sical requirements of crushing strains and
the tactical requirements of handiness;
ballasting and trimming her so that she
will have sufficient stability and at the
eame time move readily in obedience to
both horizontal and vertical rudder ef
forts."
According to William W. KImball the
v principal difficulties met with to-day in
designing a submarine torpedo-boat are
as follows: "Providing for sufficient
stored power of a kind that can be eco
nomically expended in driving her when
submerged; devising a good method of
directing her toward an object constantly
changing its position; installing an effi
cient armament; retaining a fixed center
of gravity and fixed weight in spite of
few seconds the man in the turret would
take an observation, a torpedo would b«
fired and the boat would dive, again imme
diately, oblivious of the guns that would
probably be trained upon the -spot where
she disappeared, and not come to the sur
face again until well out of the way in
some entirely unlooked for spot. The ves
sel can come to the surface from a depth
of ten feet, make an observation and diva
again'' completely out of sight within ten
seconds, in which space of time It would
be. practically impossible for a warship
even with her rapid-fire guns and a
knowledge of the submarine's position, to
land an effective shot. ;
4 With -no idea of where the submarine
will next appear, combined with a feeling
of uneasiness which is sure to prevail
when such a boat Is in the neighborhood,
it will be seen that the submarine is des
tined to be a most potent factor In coast
and harbor defense. The best submarine
that can be built at present will not be a
fast boat, must be more uninhabitable
•than surface craft and of limited time
endurance while moving in fighting trim.
With the provision that can be made on
a battleship for carrying one of these
submarines, it is not ¦ at all improbable
that they will become equally efficient for
offensive work many thousands of miles
from ; their home station. As their cost
ig comparatively insignificant— about
thirty could be built for the cost of a
battleship and . the crew of one battleship
could man nearly one hundred submarine
boat3— they will form an inexpensive and
most efficient means of defense for about
thirty important cities on or near our At
lantic and Pacific seaboards. Among the
western cities near which they would b«
useful are : San Francisco , Los Angelas.
Astoria, Seattle and others. And there
are numerous ports in Cuba and the Phil
ippines which at some future date are
sure to require protection. Though the
submarine boats have !yet to meet oppo
sition of various kinds, and from various
sources, there is a probability that at no
very distant day they may play an Im
portant part in the coast defense* of tho
States. .
, In . making : an attack on ; a battleship
: the^BUbmarine will approach on the sur
face to within about one and a' half .miles
¦ and then suddenly plunge and leave noth
ing but a few ripples to indicate where
it had ; gone down. After , running . for " a
mile -beneath 1 the .water, all the .time ap
proaching I the - hull • of } the ' • floating • war
: ship , it would be driven upward and for a
few seconds remain above water. In these
Submarines have yet to be tried in ac
tion, : but it will ; be found that with re
lief crews they .can occupy indefinitely a
position required by an enemy for block
ade or bombardment and ' by moving be
neath, the surface up to the very teeth of
a battleship and dealing ; her a death
blow In the shapeof a torpedo or forcing
her to move^ away, ; thus demonstrate
that the submarine is a craft that neither
gun fire ' nor torpedo | practice | would stop."
Blockades ; and ; bombardments would be
almost impossible with properly manned
submarines in .the- defensive. ' In attack
ing ports they /will. be ; useful in counter
mining the protecting mines and In enter
ing unseen to destroy ships." drydocks'and
buildings. It may be that such craft will
cross. the ocean some day, for the shape
and ; accouterment of the boats are such
as to make them entirely seaworthy.
* A compass or gyroscope may be used
in Hteering ; the boat when submerged or
else some method may. be made use of in
obtaining, by means of a-camera-lucida.
a reflected image of the object steered for.
All attempts at lighting- the water ahead
by strong electric arc lights have proved
futile and without taking observations
from the surface for a few seconds when
moving at speed there Is no known way
of steering for an object whose speed and
direction cannot be predicted, as for ln
' stance, a hostile ship is-action.
tight door, which can be lifted within for
the discharge of torpedoes. Three tor
pedoes are the equipment of projectiles;'
they . may be eleven feet " eight inches in
length and contain 'hundreds of pounds
of explosive matter. These are the dead
ly things which shooting up from their
hidden quarters beneath the surface and
going true to the mark would often make
the enemy's fleet the less by at least one
fighting ship. *
In the submarine boat there is practi
cally no side to, make her roll in a 'sea
way, and the~ Pike and the Grampus when
in diving trim : in a seaway will not roll
at all, although they are both almost as
round as bottles. It is probable, how
ever, that the crews of . both' vessels will
experience a feeling most unusual, not to
say curiojus, as they slide down the comb
of a sea. The hulls of the boats are built
of steel of great "strength, so tha't the
boat can dive if necessary to a depth of
four hundred feet. ' , It would be possible
to have the craft remain under the water
a week, provided the compressed air -held
out. *It . is not necessary, however," that
the boat should often descend to such a
depth as above mentioned, it being only
necessary to comfortably clear a deep
draught battleship's keel. The . new : ves
sels are . also . provided with > a device for
keeping the boat constantly ¦' In .diving
The turret or conning/ tower, which
often for a few seconds in a fight makes
a .dark speck on the face of the waves,
is just large , enough to enable a single
man to pass in and out and take observa
tions. ' Here • the captain stands when
above or bejow the surface and steers
the boat, and- not far. away from him is
stationed the man who manages the bal
last tanks and a pair of horizontal diving
rudders at the stern, by^-means of .which
the submersion of the vessel is achieved.
Provision is also made for automatic con
trol of the rudders, for the purpose of
preventing the vessel- from .taking^.ex
cessive angles when diving or coming to
the surface, and also for keeping the boat
submerged at the desired depth. In order
to dive a submarine of practical design
takes in water ballast' until the remain-
Ing buoyancy can be overcome by. the ac
tion of the horizontal rudders; then, the
boat is steered under as she moves ahead.
Above the storage batteries are the se
ries of . air flasks, in which air at . 20C0
pounds to the square inch pressure is
stored for the purpose of keeping pure the
living spaces of the' crew. A supply of
air has not been by any means the hard
est problem -which the inventors of the
submarine boat have had to solve.- It is
a comparatively simple matter to keep in
storage a sufficient quantity of com
pressed air to enable a . number of men
to live aboard a boat without incon
venience for an indefinite period of time.
Safety valves are^ provided to prevent the
pressure in the vessl from exceeding that
of the atmosphere.
therefore be constantly sealed up. She
must be able, moreover, to move ' on the
surface hundreds of miles to a'neicl of ac
tion and be ready for work on arrival.
•--•'
Consequently all this power, and more,
may be needed when In action, since
while within range of hostile gun fire she
must bo always ready to dive,' and must
The radius will, of course, increase
slightly with decrease of speed, and vice
versa; in other .words, a boat can be kept
in fighting trim at full speed for about
six hours, and at the varying speeds of a
coast defense fight from sunrise ' to sun
set. A boat must draw from her. stored
power from the beginning to the end of an
action. '
The radius of action at the surface Is
about 1000 knots, and the storage bat
teries, which are located above the double
bottom and below the axis of the vessel,
have sufficient capacity for a speed of
eight knots on a five hours' submerged
run. This speed is given by a - 70
horsepower electric motor, which also re
news for the vessel her store of power for
submerged work and makes her radius of
action — i. e., the distance she can move
from a base of supply — an unusually wide
one.
In time of action, in leaving a safe har
bor, the boat would probably- "run light,"
with several feet of the top showing
above the surface of the water until it
should reach the location of the enemy.
Then, with the opening of the valves, the
water would rush into the ballast ccm
partments, and the boat would sink until
simply its small turret would be visible.
The boat Is then in fighting trim. The
masts which the boat carries are for pur
poses of observation only, and are taken
off, along with all- their : exterior ap
paratus, when the boat is in war trim,
and in this condition, in a moderate sea,
It is impossible to observe the vessel at
a distance of even a half-mile. Though
the man of war should finally sight the
boat in one of her few seconds of remain
ing above the water for purposes of ob
servation, and train its guns upon the
spot where the little ocean terror had
been last seen, there would be nothing to
shoot at. The boat has plunged, and at
the very moment is stealing beneath the
water, still closer to her enemy. A score
or more feet of water is more efficient
than any armor plate ever devised. An
unbroken moving stretch , of water pre
sents to the battleship no target.
When the boat is running- on the sur
face the motive power employed consists
of a ICO-horsepower, single-screw, four
cylinder gasoline engine, which is capa
ble of giving the destruction-dealing little
craft a speed of eleven knots. The lines
of the Pike and the Grampus have been
designed so that there shall be a mini
mum of resistance when they are run
ning at the surface. In coming to the
surface to make an observation, the only
part which is visible Is a circular con
ning tower, two feet in diameter, of
heavy armor steel, practically impossible
of penetration. ' '.-"'.'
tion. and is divided by two water-tight
bulkheads into three separate compart
ments. There is also a thorough subdi
vision of the bottom, and every precau
tion is taken to localize any injury to the
hull which might threaten the buoyancy.
The submarine boat has been evolved
after three hundred years of experiment.
During the Revolution, to come to more
modern days, one Bushnell of Connecticut
built and operated a submarine boat that
was a mechanical success, but which
made no impression at the time— it was
ahead of the world by a good deal more
than a hundred years. Now the prominent
nations of the world are taking: the sub
marines seriously as Implements of war
fare. France has provided for thirty
eight of them all told, Germany and Rus
sia are at work on them aiW Great Brit
ain, after much conservatism and prej
udice against them, has five in course of
Two of these submarine vessels— the
Pike and the Grampus — will soon be
launched from the Union Iron "Works,
¦where they are fast nearing completion.
Just at present the boats, looking like
two huge reddish cigars, buried in a mass
of scaffolding, do not suggest their hid
den destructive properties. But even
¦when diving in fighting trim the boat
makes one think of nothing" more harm
ful than a porpoise, though In reality it
belongs among the naval sharks. And
like the shark. Its work is quick and
vicious. And like the shark again, it can
remain below the surface long enough to
get far beyond the reach of its pursuers.
THE submarine boat has arrived.
Since the Holland, a submarine
boat built by private parties, was
purchased by the Government after
fulfilling all the requirements that
the Xavy Department laid down, that de
partment has given contracts for six or
seven of these craft, -which will soon be
active and destructive members of our
naval forces.
Two ©F
TheSt Ocean
so©n to Be
launched
Francisco
THE StTNI)AY CALL.
THE BUILDING OF A SUBMARINE BOAT.
14«yf PRIL showers are here and the
f I Llay flowers are springing
| 1 tii rough the sod. The showers
V. 1 and the flowers are the signal of
X. spring, and as Mother Nature
flaunts her gay hues, the woman goes out
Into the world upon summer, shopping
bent. That she must soon be a- summer
girl,, she knows.- •, ,
. The most- apparent fact In her spring
catalogue. is, the one which tells her that
it is to be a white summer. Perhaps not
all white, but so "nearly so that you
might as well say white.
iWho cares if a gown be in moon-colored
vellow, just off the crearn and only a lit
tle deeper? As far as the summer woman
is concerned she might just as well be in
white. Her gown soils just as easily; it
is just as fragile In other ways; ,just as
trying to the complexion, just as delicate
as though it were of sheer, immaculate
stuff. ; ,¦¦¦•- •. '
Fortunately for her who' is to be in the
white swim .this coior comes this- year in
becoming tones. Instead of the blue white
w» ich Is becoming oniy to the fairest
blondes, the clear type, it comes in a deep
tone, almost cream, .and In" oyster gray,
which Is quite white, and in the, grayish
blueF that are smoky in their depths.
Many Shades of White.
You will be surprised to find" how. many
shades of white there are, and'if : you are '
contemplating the matching of a white
cloth dress you had better take along a
bit of the goods, for no matter how fine
an eye you l - ave for color, you will surely
make a mistake and come home. with
¦something "ti;at does not match at alj.
The color ol' old lace is a popular one
for the very light cloth gown.'- It is a yel
•low'sh white, very soft and immensely be
coming. There are very few who cannot
wear it. You will find that it makes up
delightfully with ecru and .tan. laces and
with Irish crocheted point In' the, .un-;
bleached thread.
Such lovely softness as there is in H.his
tone, carried through a whole gown.. To
dress it up a little, to brighten it and
bring out the color of. your cheeks, you
will want a chou of panne, pink velvet,
just upon the bust. with. two hanging ends
finished with velvet knots.; Your belt and
stock may be the same, . or you can de
part from this custom and wear a pink
rose In your hair, one at your neck and
one at your belt. ' » ' ¦
It must not be supposed that this doth
which is the color of old lace Is designed
specially and only - for. the house. , \ Far
fnm it. The soft shade is made into
street gowns and is worn with pink deco
rations, or : with . bows of brown -velvet,
which are really better for the street. ;'¦.
Take such a gown and tuck the blouse
waist. Tuck the sleeves, and let cuffs, of
old lace . finish the .wrists with puffs ; of
lace above them. '- ,- '- . ;\ ;V;
Let the yoke be a.lace one; and let, the
collar be of the cloth j with ' lace ¦ over ' it.
Then let the belt and- bust have, a, very
little coffee brown velvet, in the shape oX
a twist and some tiny brown velv«t roses,
made up from velvet by the yard, not
artificial roses, . but . "made" roses. An
aroma -, "of refinement will hang around
this gown. . .
Chocolate au Lait.
One of the most charming creations of
th,e_early summer is a. gown of chocolate
colored veiling, rather pale, more like a
chocoTate-au-lait. : • ;
The skirt is of sweep length, laid in
tucks lrom the belt down nearly to the
hem and the waist is made in the same
way,, all tucks from throat to belt with
a little pouchy effect over the front of
the belt. _'¦' : ; " i ' : '
There is: lace upon this gown, as upon
all the dresses of spring, whether they
be jj for the street or j the house, and the
lace in' this; case is used. as a hip yoke
with a point. in the middle of the front
and with tapering sides. There. is a waist
yoke, but it comes upward from the belt
and looks ' something like ¦ a . continuation
of the hip yoke: ; The cuffs are> baggy af
fairs of the - chocolate cloth with neat
little wrist bands of lace.' finishing them.
' There are' some very. smart dressers in
this country, smarter far than those , in
London,' and there". are American .womed
who make . their money ' and j their clothes
go farther than English women know how
to do. ¦¦'•. '. : .' : :.¦.'¦¦:;¦ ';•.:¦' "• '',':'-'''¦ '.-¦:'.
They are not always the ..women of
wealth, but often they are, leaders in dress,
because they 'know so well, how to dress
and to : make their clothes seem "fit" al
ways and- very _ trim. ¦ .' ¦' * v • /
One of the "most economical of fine
dressers is Mrs. j John Jacob Astor. She
Is not obliged to "scrimp"' as other women
understand scrimping, yet she . does not
spend a • fortune * on; .her, gowns. She
chooses suits that : are In ¦. harmony. _ j This
spring she has two- walking' suits,! one in
gray and : one in .blue.' , Both' are'- sweep
length, much longer than the .'pedestrian,
and both require holding up on the street.
The blue is in ¦ the old-fashioned ; shade
of navy blue and i3 trimmed ; with \ wide
bands of braid stitched on both edges. <
Mrs. ' Aster's Gown.
I The waist" is a". Russian blouse, open In
frorit/over a' French red shirtwaist, which
is substituted for lone i of white on some
occasions. "<¦ Trimming, the ' skirt | there ! are
long bands | of -the 'braid that | come down
each side of the front " and \ curve around
the skirt at ; the V head ; of * an undulating
flounco which 'grows, wider. In the back.
. With this suit a; very large -black j hat Is
worn; ; It turns up In ; the back with a big
bow and there Is a sweeping plume around
the* brim. Black ; suede 1 gloves 2 complete
this very- elegant , street gown. .' ¦* - .
The idea that the boots, the gloves and
the > hat ; make < the. costume is one .that
grows upon you this season. .The extreme
neatness of the new shoes,. with their pol
ished leather sides, their brilliant tips and
their' soft tops, : excites admiration and re
spect. They are heavy,'. these new spring
ahoea, and very sensible, though' they - do
/lot go about branded; with that accusa
tion. ¦ ¦'•¦ .
It is really time to put on low shoes in
nearly, every part of the country. As
scon as snow is past the low shoes are
brought out and women who like to look
neat around the feet welcome this eco
nomical escape from the easily roughened
high boot top. :
Many New York. women wear low shoes
all winter and so prevalent was this cus
tom /during the past season that clergy
men preached against it and doctors were
interviewed upon its ill effects. Even with
the open worked stockings were the low
shoes worn and New York women actual
ly, trod the snow and tramped the ice with
these Priscilla shoes buttoned by only a
single button at the ankle.
The Priscilla, or the Colonial, . tie' of
spring- has I made its appearance. It is
low and. rather, -wide in the toe. It.l3
high in the heel,; but after the Cuban
pattern, not the French heel style, nor the
Louis Quinze.
The, Spring Shoe.
The heel, while high, is square and sup
ports the ankle: 'There is a big gun metal
buckle upon the instep and the shoe has a
tongue. Behind the tongue there is a little
strap, and a button. The sole is heavy and
it is -to be doubted if fair woman, with
her. protective petticoats, will suffer in
health from this style of low, shoe.
A woman who dresses remarkably well
—and who should-, do so— is Mrs. Charles
Dana Gibson. A • habitual attendant at
the rose . show, a woman of . magnificent
physique, a fashionable: woman in one
sense of the word, she is beautifully
gowned at all. times. She wears the tailor
made types, softened by laces and chif
fons.' ' '- ' .¦ ¦ :¦-¦'.¦' .'. '¦;¦ V ; :'¦.':- - ¦ : ¦•¦ '
On " board g Sir | Thomas Lipton's yacht
last fall she wore -dark gray, deep enough
to hring out . her ' .brilliant tones. Sha
dresses always in dark colors and wears
a very snug .waist,', not- on ' the ~ blouse
order.-. Just now . she wears a basque,
with little ripples below the waist, almost
trying garment jjj for any but a i perfect
figure. - V ' -.--r '.'¦'¦.'. '¦¦ v :., -
Mrs. O. H; P. Belmont makes you for
get she is a grandmother when you see
heri bronze 'gold hair -brushed away, from
her temples in . great ; curves, while - the
front is brought down .In the eyebrow
puff..-" ¦ -'¦¦-,•.-•¦¦•- •->.¦'• -r- I;/;;--
.Mrs. Belmont's favorite . color is green
and this spring she is wearing' a marvel
ous leaf-green cloth, : trimmed with gold
and black braid. There is a long cloak of
black, trimmed with braid, down each
side of the „- front, and there are [ bell
sleeves, - bordered ! with the brilliant braid.
i Her daughter, j the j Duchess of Marlbor
ough, wears the most' magnificent gowns
ever designed for a woman. This spring,
while she 1s * at the -fashionable French
watering place* with her father, she la
wearing a gown of light gray panne cloth,
so treated that it looks like velvet. . v.
For: the Duchess' of Marlborough.
It Is one of the : gowns she had made
In Paris to take with her to Russia and is
the gown "in which she -made a visit to
the ! Palace and spent three hours
talking, in the most genial social converse,
to the -Czarina, who forgot that she was
the wife of the Czar and. was, for one
afternoon, - Alice of - England; , Alice of the
Highlands, her mother's daughter.
This gown is trimmed with ; panne silk
In the . same color • and with 1 chiffon . in :
light gray, a gown all of llgnt gray. -"Only
a very young, beauty should try >to wear
this pale tone; for: it is trying to age and
brings out the ashiness of the complexion.
• And, by the way, have you heard that
Lady Randolph Churchill, or, as she now
• is, Mrs.' ' Cornwallis ; West, ' made > the first
diplomatic mistake \ of her>social< career.
It was in dress, the very thing. In which
Mrs.' West is most : proficient. By some
bad luck Bhe chose a spring gown of. that
¦ new cloth ¦ which looks exactly like vel
vet; ;but> is as.thinas veiling, and by
, worse \ luck she selected . a shade of rose.
that look like brocaded velvet, but on be
ing squeezed In the hand show the soft
ness of a rose leaf and the toughness of
wood fiber.
Ruffles are so very much worn! You can
ruffle and tuck everything and be sure of
being in style. Wide ruffles, or perhaps it.
would be better to call them accordion
plaitings, are set around the foot of the
summer gowns, . but after one washing
the plaiting is gone and the trimming be
comes an lroned-out ruffle, not the less
becoming and pretty, but less delicate and
dressy.
And it Is an age of delicacy and dressi
ness. The two go so wonderfully hand In
hand. Perhaps there is less of applique
this year than lace, and less of patchy
trimmings, but there is certainly more
pin tucking, and as for plaitings and box
plaitings, ruchings, rufflings and pointed
and graduated flounces, these Quite make
up for the little labor saved In ttia doing
away of applique.
Novel Trimmings.
And applique is not all done away wtth.
If you think so. Just take a walk throtxsrh
the principal stores and notice the ready
made gowns upon which lace flowers are
freely appliqued. Note the passementeries,
partly chenille, partly pearl and partly
silk, all blended in one soft trimming for
dinner gowns. . s .
Notice the squares of wash silk, out
lined by lace, that trim the shirt waists.
Notice the marvelous dlamond-llke appli
cations that seem to trim everything 1 . Yet
the appliqued bit of silk Is not so much
in evidence and lace Is taking Its place.
Waist3 are immense. Women who
boasted a 21-inch waist are wearing a
23, and the few who proudly mentioned
19 as a waist measure now add two to it.
The impossibility of a small waist la
brought about by the straight-fronted cor
set and also by the style of dress. It is
not necessary to compress the waist, and
no woman is doing so. Once released, the
waist swells and the old-fashioned Idea of
trimness is lost, i
The very - light shade* are the ones
sought in the summer gowns. The pastel
pinks are here and the faint blues. Tha
deep blues and pinks and greens and
yellows known as old blue, old pink, ap
ple green and lemon . yellow have been
succeeded by pastel blue, shell pink, aca
cia green and moonstone yellow— wMcii la
the palest of all blues.
There Is champagne yellow, too, and
garden pink, which is a wry faint tone.
Get' your goods as light as you can. just
so they do not look faded, and you will
come very near to being fashionable.
The New Laces.
The prettiest trimming for all light-hued
goods is lace, and lace this year Is so
beautifully wrought out. It comes so
cheap and so delicate in Imitation Valen
ciennes, imitation Brussels, imitation
point and in the Arabian, Irish and Rus
sian imitations, all so different and all
so cheap and good, that you can surely
be suited.
The very new gowns show a tendency
for the yoke of heavy lace, looking: as
though it were crocheted. Renaissance
lace of the better imitation sort is used
for little bolero jackets and for yoke,
stock and cuffs. And it is also used for
petticoats. One can scarcely get too much
Renaissance lace to look well.
A new fancy has come into play for
braiding the chiffons and ,thln stuffs.
Take a strip of chiffon and cut it In three
lengths. Braid as in a three strand braid.
When done It should make a rope a lit
tle larger than your thumb. *This is used
for the border of a yoke and for the
edge of the neck of a decollete gown.
Lace falls over it for evening and is
caught here and there In the three strand
braid.
If preferred, you can border the yoke
of your street dress with it and use it
again upon your cuffs and at the lower
edge of your, stock. It is an expensive
trimming, but very effective. . - A little
crinoline can. be rolled inside the chiffon
before it Is braided to make a border for
the hat brim. This entire motif can bo
carried nut in shrimp pink for hat. yoke,
belt, cuffs and stock, a very refined finish
to . alL
If you are going to look well this year
you must study your rtre^s, for only in
this way , will you succeed.
. Eternal .vigilance in taste and money
spending Is the price of good dressing ani
you must be . up and must shop late or
the early worm of opportunity In the
shape of pretty bargains will be gone be
fore you have caught it.
IN SHOUT SLEEVES
AND DANCING FLOUNCES
SHE WILL PRESENT j A
FBESHLY YOUTHFUL
LOOK— IDEAL SPBING AND
SUMMER COSTUMES 01"
MBS. CHARLES DANA
GIBSON, MBS. JOHN, JACOB
ASTOR AND MBS. 0. H.' P.
BELMONT— LOVELY COS
TUME IN GBAY, IN WHICH
OUB OWN CONSUELO
OF MABLB0B0UGH CHAT
TED WITH THE CZARINA—
IDEAS FOB' THE WOMAN
OF TASTE AND AMBITIONS
—THE NEW FADS OF THE
SUMMEB— MBS. COBNWAL
LIS WEST'S. DBESS MIS
TAKE.
It is very t^shionable this color, a little
off the pink, and looking more Ilka a faded
rose leaf. They, call it French pink, but
it has. a sad, faded tone.
In this unhappy gown, which was made
entirely of the faded rose color. Mrs.
West attended a reception given by the
I\lrs. Arthur Paget set, and those who
saw her fell back and marveled.
Instead of the fragile brunette loveli
ness which has always been her charac
teristic, they beheld an old woman, with
the pathetic hue of the faded rose in her
cheeks and the wilted look of the very
old rose in her lips. The tints of the rose
gown brought all the pathos of past years
into the comDlevion.
Buying for Summer.
It is time to be out and buying for the
summer gown. You can do so for a very
little. The lovely printed muslins are
very cheap, and' there are figured chif
fons, chiffonettes they are called, that
make lovely trimmings. ! The French
prints are excellent and the Art Nouveau
muslins .quite throw- into the shade the
mercerized goods which held the center of
the stage as an attraction last year and
the year before. , ' - i
" Why no'trget a simple little printed mus
lin and make it up in the way it should
go? You will want a sheath skirt, as
close 'as possible- around the hips, and
as full as an orchid around the foot. Tne
orchid skirt is one of . the new skirts. So
Is the morning glory skirt,- which is ex
tremely full. .
The flounce can be one that is pointed at
the top. It can be cut in great point3 so
that only ten of -them arevneeded to en
compass • the skirt. The bottom hangs
straight and even and is finished by a
hem. . ,
Around the top of the flounce there are
narrow black velvet ribbons run and these
are threaded in and out of a band of in
sertion which • finishes the top of the
flounce. At the top of each point there
comes a little black velvet bow.
The belt need be only a band of inser
tion with narrow black velvet nip.
through it. Two-inch wide Insertion makes
a good belt.
This season so many pretty belts are
made of insertion. The kind that will ac
commodate a ribbon is used and the vel
vet ribbon is run at top and bottom. Any
color may be chosen and the belt is so in
expensive that one can have half a dozen,
one for each suit— run with ribbon to
match.
A charming way to finish the wrists of
your summer dress is with a ruffle of the
printed muslin. Between ruffle and sleeve
use a strip of Insertion for a cuff and run
two narrow ribbons through it.
A great many summer waists are cut
very low in the neck to set over a yoke
of white lace. This pretty fashion, permits
the leaving off the yoke for evening and
dinner occasions. The only neck finish re
quired for the waist is the little black
velvet . ribbon run through insertion. .
The stock is a simple matter of needle
work with velvet run through. At ona
side of the bust there may be a big chou
of black velvet ribbon. And for the hair
you will need another chou of black vel->
vet to match the one at the bust.
Crisp Whit© Gowns.
' ' Society girls'who dress a great deal and
have a great many gowns are selecting
the crisp materials which are fashionable
this year. These materials give an ap
pearance of youth that qannot be ob
tained from any other kind of stuff.
• They "are crisp and fresh, .young, and
natural looking, quite different from the
clinging, esthetic type, so called, and for
a change very refreshing. Just how they
will stand the wind. and weather y the sea
breezes and the mountain fastnesses, it
will be for summer to disclose. When flr3t
made they are charming..
: Flounces are varied by trimmings of
white satin ribbon. To make a flounce
trimming get a whole pledte of white satin
ribbon, baby width. Take it and tic- it
Into a rosette, or sew it into one if you
be not expert enough to tie it. ~ Let there
be several long loops and no ends. Take
this rosette, which must be as big and as
firm as a white love apple, and fasten it
at the upper edge of the flounce. If de
sired you can place such a rosette at in
tervals all | the way around the skirt, or
you can use three rosettes to trim ¦ the
front of the skirt, one above the other,
with-six inches between. •
The short sleeved girl of summer is cer
tainly here and she will remain and mul
iiply. The sleeve that is chopped off at
the elbow is the sleeve that will be worn
in August. There is nothing difficult
about its making.*: It, is cut oft and fin
ished with a ruffle of the dress material,
that is all— and very simple it is.
There are fancy ways of making these
short sleeves. ' They can be cut off above
the elbow and completed with a wide
sharp cuff which turns back and stands
out a Louis Quinze cuff. Or the sleeve
can be cut off below the elbow and fin
ished in the same way.
The Summer Sleeve.
A lovely cuff. places the elbow In a bag
.with a cuff below the elbow and the cuff
is finished with hanging lace.
There is one sleeve that is most beauti
ful of all. It is the great klmona sleeve
and it is made out of muslin, lawn, cloth
or • velvet. ; It is large and constantly
grows larger.. From being tight at the
shoulder, if. gradually, widens until It is
perfectly • immense around the hand,
while it shows a beautifully gorgeous lin
ing.. : . ¦-.
- < The ' outside - of the sleeve is trimmed,
not always with a band of velvet, but
sometimes with straps of insertion, if it
be * a light weight sleave, the straps ex
tending up the arm.f
. A" sleeve is worn beneath this and the
more delicate the under sleeve is the pret
tier. It should be of a soft Loulsine silk,
of beav^tiful hue, and « so fine ;. in its tex
ture that it will crumple like a web. yet
shake 'out again without a wrinkle.
They are ; selling silks this year
Vxi^ feUiN JL>A Y .CJAJL.JU
THE
HITE
OBED
IRL
15THE STODAX CALL,
16Church Loses
Renowned
Pastor.
DEATH SUMMONS
FAMOUS DIVINE
Rev. Dr. T. DeWitt Talmage's
Life Work Ends.
CJontinued on Page Eighteen.
To Invade Turkey.
VIENNA. April .12.— The Neue FreJe
Presse to-day publishes a dispatch from
Sofia. Bulgaria, announcing that a procla
mation has been issued by M. Sarafoit,
the 1 Macedonian leader, calling on the
Macedonians in Bulgaria to join In a gen
eral rising April 27. Bands collecting on
the Turkish frontier are to co-operat*
and 'Invade'. Turkey at different colnu.
Such a field was, however, too circumscribed for a man of his ability, and in
1S59 he accepted a call to Syracuse,'. N. Y.,\ where he "remained another three
years. His church was almost always crowded, and; his fame as a. pulpit orator
began to grow widely. In 1862 he became pastor of the Second Reformed Dutch
Church at«PhlIadelphla.. where he reVrialned until -1869, when he had three ' calls,
one from Chicago, one from: San Francisco and one from Brooklyn, i The : latter," '-•
from the Central Presbyterian Church of that city, J he/ accepted, at a salary of '.'
$7000 per annum. The church at the time had but'nlneteen members, with "a total
congregation of thirty-five. Talmage, preached his first sermon there In March.V
1869, and then the congregation began 'to. grow. At the end of fifteen' months/' he
induced the trustees to sell the old church and erect a, new. edjflce,; to be known
as the Brooklyn Tabernacle, offering to' give up his salary until the new plan: :
ONE CALL COMES 5 FBOM •¦- SAN FRANCISCO.
He entered the theological seminary of that church at New Brunswick, N. J.,
and was ordained In 1856. Prior to his ordination -} he .:, had already , received two
calls, one of. which, from a church at Bellville,' N. J.',. he accepted, and remained
Irf the 'charge three years. . ' : ¦ 1
Young Talmage's preliminary education was obtained at the public schools of
New Brunswick, N. J., and at the age of .13, he -entered the University of New
York. He withdrew, however, before graduating, but received the degree of A. M.
'In 1862. W^hile at the university he,_did not exhibit -any great " brilliancy in his
, studies, but displayed a talent for oratory and a 'dramatic abllitythat made him
a notable figure on exhibition days., -On one occasion, at NIblo's Garden In 1853,
- when he spoke on the "Moral Effects of Sculpture and Architecture," his speech
aroused his audience to a high pitch of enthusiasm,; and was given In 'full Intone
of the New York dally papers, being. the first .of- his productions to be published. ;
On his withdrawal from the university he began the . study of law, but after
three years' work in a law office he/decided that he had made; a mistake in the
choice of a profession, and determined to prepare for ,the ministry! Two /of ; his.
, uncles and three of his brothers were' already preachers of the Gospel, and he "
himself had joined the Reformed Dutch church, 1 to which his family belonged,
when he was 18- years of age. • , . :
. Thomas DeWitt Talmage was born at Bound Brook,- Somerset County, N. J.,
January 7, 1832. • He was the youngest of ,a family of twelve children, seven of
whom were boys. His father, David T. Talmage, was a well to do farmer, whose
marked traits of character were geniality, firmness and decision, all of which the
youngest son In a large measure inherited, with amiability, gentleness and' keen
wit from his mother, combining these with' acute powers of observation, a very
retentive memory and great, bodily vigor. v ," ,
CABEEB OF • THOMAS; DE :, WITT TALMAGK
Dr. Talmage was in poor health when he started away from Washington for
Mexico for a vacation and rest six weeks ago. He was then suffering from influ
enza and serious catarrhal conditions. Since his return to Washington some time
ago he has been quite ill. - Until Thursday, however, fears' for his death were not
entertained. The last rational words uttered by Dr. Talmage were on the day
precedlngthe marriage of his daughter, when he said, ."Of course, I know you,
Maud." 'Since then he had been unconscious.'. At Dr. Talmage's bedside, besides
his wife, were these members of his family: Rev. Frank DeWitt Talmage, Chi- -
cago; Mrs. Warren G. Smith, Brooklyn: Mrs., Daniel Mangum, Brooklyn; Mrs. v
Allen E.-Donriau, Richmond, and'^Mrs. Clara Wlckoff and Miss Talmage, Wash-,
ington. While arrangements for*' the 'funeral' have not been finally complete, the
family have about decided to have the remains .taken to the Church of the Cove
nant here on Tuesday,-. where services will be held. The body will then be conveyed
to Brooklyn, where Interment will be made in the farrilly plat in Greenwood'Ceme
tery, probably on Wednesday. i :: . : , . .
' W W y. ASHINGTON, April 12. -Rev. : ; T. DeWitt Talmage, I the noted
B -/ft / Presby t erlan clergyman, died at 9 o'clock to-night at his residence
. H /B / In thlscity. It'had been evident for. some/ days that there was
Hr Br no hope, of recovery, and the attending physicians so informed
T "K the family. The patient gradually grew weaker, until life passed
awayiso quietly that even the members .of the' family, all of
whom, were watching at the bedside, hardly knew that he had gone. The lmme- '
dlate cause of death was Inflammation of the brain.
NOTED PRESBYTERIAN MINISTER: ./.WHOSE / SERMONS AT THE
BROOKLYN TABERNACLE WERE TRANSLATED INTO MANY LAN
GUAGES AND READ BY AT LEAST THIRTY MILLIONS OF PEOPLE.
/further^- trouble -but there is
, every.- reason ! to '" expect' renewals .' of • the
disturbances '_ at daylight, . as', a X majority,
of the ' rioters are apparently ¦ roughs ' and
young '- irresporisibles who '.will'*; not - obey
the' Injunctions of .the Socialist leaders [ to
ref fain. from" disorder. / ,- :
/ 'The detective department Is busy. weed-
Ing \ out\the ' anarchists and ; revolutionary
saspects in^the' coal !jcUstricts/\ Ten .ifor
: eigners ; guilty . ot. revolutionary ¦ propagan
da, were ! deported t from. '.the '¦: mines near.
Mnnn ' veaterdav. ¦ The nresldent and bcc-'
.'.:.,¦¦ / ' ;".. .'¦• :. : ¦ . : .. -'
retary of two of the principal Socialist so
cieties at;La - Louvre were' arrested •yes
terday. The regiriient bf/the:llne which
was brought from .Antwerp Uo reinforce
the- Civic Guard ¦ at La ; Louvre Is patrol
ling that town. -
A great /Socialist demonstration oc
curred, last night at Liege, where a mob
numbering : 3000 /.paraded' /the, streets,
smashing. windows arid shooting. A mass
meeting was held in the square, in front
of ? the' Malson du Peuple, ; at. which vio
lent speeches were r made. ; .'
ST.- PETERSBURG. VApril; 12.— The texVofthe Manchurian convention, which '
was signed April 8,1 was ' published; by. the Official Messenger to-day. It is prac
tically,' Identical-- with 'the ' version f of : . the Associated Press (cabled '. from . Peking :
'• April . 3). /A' note f f rorii the Russian; Minister* to China," M. . P. : Lessar, to the Chi- •
• nese . Plenipotentiary, ; Is ' appended to the convention; declaring ' that "if the Chi
iriese Government.^ notwithstanding. the assurances given by It, violates any provis
ionsVofj the 'convention, r,the; Russian Government will not hold Itself bound either
;<by;the tenris^of the Manchufian 'agreement- cr by-'th'e declarations previously
made" In 1 connection -with' the matter; and would be'cornpelled to repudiate any re- -
*sponsibllity ' arid 'consequences that^ may ' result ."therefrom. *V ¦
B.USSIAN GOVEBNMENT GIVES WABNING."
April- 12.— Couriers from ; Nannlng, a city In. the province of
¦^ff '-Kuangsl,-. have .brought: dispatches to the Viceroy announcing that the
Er , - Imperial', troops are powerless against'the rebels, whose 'numbers are
Sal, daily ¦ growing. .Trade is 1 at at standstill and the missionaries have been
• ordered; to, leave the districts held by the rebels. •" Refugees are flock
. . Ingjto Nannlng. ..... • - A •':.;'
GeneralMa and General .Su are unablo to advance from Llenchou and.Kao
chou,ln;the^ adjoining 'province- 'of Kuangtung, until reinforced: The Viceroy has
I telegraphed to Peking, and" General Yuan' Shih Kai, the Governor of Chill; has
ordered. the dispatch of foreign-drilled troops arid artlllerjV overland/ to the scene
:. of the troubles. ; ¦:¦:;»;,'. , '. . ' • .'¦
."¦-¦-,-'.-> The . authorities of -Canton have ordered a force of^Black Flags to proceed to j
..Narining,; under _,Chief Lieu, and General Ho has. been ordered to send gunboats
to protect "Wuchou, the commercial capital of the province of Kuangsl, and to
dispatch "torpedo-boats to Nannlng. ..
' ./',H^NGfcONGr>pfU12.— The'latest advices from' Nanriing "say the rebels have
captured Aplnchou,' ' Hen'gchou • arid' KinVuen-f u, in the province of . Kuangsi/ and
v ' Hingyuen- in -the province ;of -Kweichou." All the local mandarins in each/ of the
towns were. made prisoners. . -^ . ,. ;;/, vf V ; ; .-.'
BOCKHILL MAY ,* SUCCEED MINISTEB icONGEB.
, : . WASHINGTON, .April 12.— There" is a well defined rumor in Washington that
\ Minister Conger .will be" recalled 'from China, and : w/,W." r : Rbckhill " appointed his
1 successor. '• . Friends | of '.Conger admit there ¦ are .some grounds for • the rumor, : but
neither of the Iowa^ Senators has been consulted as '.'yet , and they , do 'not believe
;, x the' President -will \ recall Conger without notifying them. ; < It is known - that Sec
retary j Hay . has been much annoyed over v the > confusion in : the ; signature' of . the
../powers to^ the protocol for the peace treaty with^China last falL The adminlstra
tlori V directions . were not followed ' to- the letter. Conger " as ¦ Minister was held
responsible for the' misunderstanding regarding the instructions of the State De
¦ '¦ partment.V-Hay hoped that' Conger would be' nominated for Governor : of Iowa :
: hast* summer. when hewashome on' leave. '¦- Had-Cpnger been r nominated. Rock- .
hill, who ,was then in Peking,, as -special commissioner of the 'State. Department,
i would have been' named' to succeed hlrri. .Conger ,'was;not nominated for Gov-
Jernor and returned to' Peking. returned 'to -Washington and resumed
his duties 'as 'director of the Bureau of American Republics.'. The President
" shares- Hay's confidence in Rockhlll, and also the Secretary's displeasure with
Conger. '• Friends of Conger Insist that Rockhlll. was ; more responsible for the" fail
lire,^ carry, out thfe Department's instructions than.. was' ..the '.'Minister, .because
/¦.Rockhlll •was i trusted'to represent the Government at the conference at Peking
,. fora settlement, j But" they say' that Rockhlll threw, the responsibility for all mis
takes oh Conger, while he planned to secure Conger's .position. If Conger is re
*"called and r Rockhlll 'nominated' for^ ," Minister to/China there will be trouble over \
. '', his confirmation. >" The Iowa Senators will not . permit \ Conger to be humiliated
, after : hisVrecord in China during the Boxer rebellion? and, the siege, of, the lega
tions.'; "There, may be 'a compromise by- transferring Conger, to some other good "
¦ dlploriiatlc ; post. . His : friends ; will agree to that, but will not accept without a ¦
• vigorous 'protest hl3 recall, arid they r will that ; protest .felt in the Senate
/ by -ah effort. to jprcveht- the confirmation of his successor.
: DISTINGuisHED DIRECTOR OR THE ; BUREAU \ OP AMERICAN RE
PUBLICS WHO) MATi SOON: BE SELECTED r TO. SUCCEED ' CONGER
¦ AS' UNITED STATES? MINISTER; TO CHINA! •< ' \) . . .
;- BRUSSELS, AprilV- 13, 2 ; a;,;rnprne
squares in the neighborhood of the Malson
du ' Peuple r are { still V occupied^ by - troops,
busllyvcngaged » in^. dispersing: the
which , have: gathered; on the 'outskirts of
the ; cleared . zone. ' -Most > ¦ of • the 'rioters/
however, : had become "worn out and 'gone
home! and 7 there is little Ukeiihood ' of
RIOTERS ARE -WORN- OUT.
After this encounter a. wide area around
the Malson du >Peuplo .was systematically
cleared : : by.'* successive. , charges .; of . ;'• gen
darmes' carrying -drawn 'swords arid;re
volvers' and civic guards with fixed
nets. " Mounted • gendarmes, 'whenever,. 11 the
crowd! looked, ugly, ; fired blank -cartridges
from: .their '.revolvers, ' whilej the, officers
shouted at the top, of; their voices, i "Close
your windows." Every open window /was
covered r by.; the rifles of the troops until
It was closed. « . ;• -" ; \ : • ' . • •
BATTLE WITH: POLICE. ;• ;
¦^ At half-past' 10 . the .; mob again grew
troublesome and the guards were ordered
to clear the . narrow adjacent' streets | in
¦which threatening ; crowds' were- massing.
The gendarmes ;; charged; with drawn 1
swords . and fixed.^bayonets , and' were
greeted : with a hall of . stones.' The people
In some of the houses hurled flower pots,
knives and lighted boxes of matches upon
theheads of the charging police;' rAjre-,
volver . fusillade was begun by both ; sides,
arid . some /of .the gendarmes fired- their
rifles. • Several /rioters were . Injured, two
of, them being, shot,- one of ; whom .'has
since died.' A few ; of * the police -were
hurt. ¦ . .) '. /¦/.""''• ¦ "• , -"• ¦-¦¦ : ,
After being ¦ released M. Van der Veldo
proceeded to the Malsdn du Peuplej. where
he' addressed the crowd, urging them- to
refrain : from - creating i a disturbance ". and
not to " give the police a pretext for ; fur
ther violence. The crowd gradually.- dis
persed, but later , reassembled ¦ in " the
so.ua re facing the Malson du Peuple. A
-detachment of the Civic Guard thereupon
marched through- the square,- clearing. it
and the contiguous thoroughfares.'
When M.'Vcn der Velde, the , Socialist
leader, left the Chamber of Deputies this
afternoon and emerged into' the street
he "was recognized *and '¦ followed :.. by ' a
number of: persons. The police dispersed
the crowd and arrested t -..M. Van *der
Velde, who was conveyed to " the police
station, but was soon released with the
official explanation \ that , his : belng ; taken
into custody was due, to mistaken Iden
tity. '¦-;-¦, : \: •-,¦-/• : ;\ . " . •;„/..¦-. '".
The Government is very anxious con
cerning- the situation in the mining' dis
tricts." Regiments, of Infantry and cavalry
have been drafted to the various centers,
and quarters have been prepared "at many
mines and Industrial works for. detach
ments of troops: to guard the! properties.
The papers report that no . fewer than
17,000 old pattern rifles have been . trans
formed Into breech-loaders, sold and are
now in the hands of workmen: ':'..-¦ '• <
WOBXMEN SECUBE BIFLES.
The Liberal . leader in , the Chamber, of
Deputies, -II. Janson, submitted a motion
for the revision of the constitution, which
the Government had- agreed i shall go be
fore the Chamber /next ' Wednesday. If
the Clerical majority, consents' to take the
proposition under it will be
be referred to 'a.: committee for examina
tion. This will; be 'the- first gain- for the
revisionists;; and It will ¦ undoubtedly ! have
an immense, effect j in • calming .'. the coun
try, which, /at the, present, is ' everywhere
in a state of .-evolution.-* v The : belief "pre
vails in manyxjuartersUbat' the;Govern
.rrientwill give this opportunity to the re
visionists -with' the' privilege? of afterward
throwing out- the*^proppsitlon. ¦-,;:•• "-'/ •',- '".'.'
.In' the* mean whlle^' from -almost •' every
mining and industrial district' comes news
that large ; numbers of ' men ; have : decided
to strike on ¦Monday. Partial' strikes be
gan yesterday. > at Liege,' Mons,' Charlerol
and elsewhere, -.and It- Is .reported 'that
20,000 men , are j already '. out.V There 'is , llt
tlo indication, . however^ that - a , general
strike will' occur; in} Brussels. Itself*, -The
workmen's' committee will meet ito-mdr
row to come^ to 'a decision regarding the
action to be taken In this city. ;
GAIN FOB ; BEVISIONISTS.
entitled.
¦-; At the present time any elector can
cast from one. to three votes, according to
his qualifications. The Socialists 'and
Liberals declare that, workingmen can
hot obtain more than two" votes, whereas
the I rich get three; : and moreover that" In
the rural, districts voters .who are. under
the. domination,- of. the: priests ' and. who
support the present Government are often
fraudulently - given, three votes instead .of
the two to which, at the most, they are
BRUSSELS, I April 12.— This exciting
week ends with -the lull before, the Btprm.
The coming week has already been
dubbed revision^week, and It promises, to
witness Important events. A' general
strike has-been proclaimed, for Monday,
and on Wednesday a political crisis will
be reached by the opening in the Cham
ber of Deputies of the question of the
revision of the constitution, on which the
Belgians are now divided. The Socialists
and' Liberals :have for a" long time past
been seeking to force Vthe ; Clerical Gov
ernment to an issue on the question of the
electoral law, ; modification : of which will
necessitate a revision of -the constitution.
LONDON. April 12.— The so-called meat
famine which has been exploited through
out the British . press ha3 become a mat
ter, of k«en Interest to Londoners, who
hitherto . have not been affected by the
prevailing scarcity. A careful canvass of
London shows that the retailers at the
present time are the sole sufferers by the
advance In the wholesale price, which
amounts .to a penny" per pound on nil
grades of meat. Since January the major
ity of the retailers have been running
their business without profit, because lack
of organization prevented a uniform in
crease of -prices. A meeting, however,
has been called, whjch will undoubtedly
result in a uniform Increase In the price
of 'meat on the part of retailers through
out London. y^SSBEDH
BRITISH MEAT FAMINE.
It was said to-day that just as certain
as it can be proved that there has been
an agreement between Armour, Morris
and other packers as to prices all over
the country and as to an apportionment
of territory, Just so certain will the Gov- ;
ernment proceed to break up the combi
nation. This Is supposed to be the case
the Attorney General Is seeking to estab
lish.
In addition to these elaborate argu
ments others were made to show the bigr
Republican politicians that the price of
beef was raised not simuly for the pur
pose - of making big profits, but because
of the scarcity of beef cattle. in the West
and the high price of corn. This did not
deter the . administration from having
proper steps taken for the establishment
of the facts whether the anti-trust law
was being violated, whether the public
was suffering in consequence and whether
competition had been crushed.
But agents of the trust, it i3 said, went
even • further than that and called atten
tion to the fact that they had been the
best friends of the Republican party In
the West, and whenever hundreds of
national .or congressional committee*
needed replenishment they always came
forward with generous- contributions.
Therefore they were entitled to protec
tion and they should not be singled out
for attack when dozens of other tru3t»
and combinations were engaged in doing
the same thing.
AGENTS ABE ACTIVE.
"Let it sleep," was the argument. "It
is an awkward question, and what differ
ence does it make even if the people are
paying a higher price for their meats so
long as they are making higher wages
than they ever made before?"
.'. But just here the same influences that
always make themselves heard when the
question of trusts comes up in the Re
publican party appeared on the scene.
Representatives of the big butchers and
packers themselves came to Washington
soon after agitation began against the
beef trust. Representatives of the beef
trust came to. Washington two weeks
ago. These thrifty and practical gentle
men - wanted ' the administration to hold
Its hands, and took the ground that there
had been no violation of the law on their
part. This brought up the question as to
what. they had to fear if there had been
no violation of the law. This was a puz
zler, but the matter took a different turn,
it is reported, and an effort was made by
the beef men as soon as they recovered
from . their ; embarrassment to show that
if the beef matter was forced by proceed
ings it would open up the whole question
of ' combinations.
The President has had his* attention
called to the ma'tter repeatedly and ha
has never had the slightest hesitation as
to what should be done. He has felt that
if the people were being oppressed by ex
tortion and that a monopoly was being
created by this gigantic combination f cr
the purpose of restraining trade and rais
ing prices, then the legal machinery - of
the United States should be put in opera
tion to stop these practices, and if neces
sary to close the packing houses.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 12.— On author
ity of, a member of the Interstate Com
merce Commission The Call correspondent
can make the positive statment that the
Department of Justice has been moving
against the beef trust. It is useless to
attempt to. get any confirmation from the
Attorney General or any of his assistants,
because they refuse to discuss such mat
ters, but Information comes without res
ervation and la to be accepted &a true.
What form the first public step of the De
partment of Justice will take Is a matter
of surmise. Proof sufficient to form the
subject of a bill of complaint or an in
dictment must be first obtained. This
may come through the United States Dis
trict Attorney of any one of - the cities
which are central points of the operation
of the trust. It is said that there is
scarcely a city in the United States that
cannot furnish the proof.
; OF FBESIDENT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General Strike Mas
Been Proclaimed
for Monday.
President Is Satisfied
AnthTrust Law
Is Violated.
A ttorney General May
Soon Commence
a Suit.
Spread of Disorders
Started by So=
cialists.
Many Subjects Are
Joining in a
Revolt.
Striving to Prevent
Action Against
Trust.
Chinese Imperial Soldiers
ji| . Appear Powerless.
REBELS MAKING
GREAT HEADWAY
BATTLE
OF BEEF
B A RONS
SERIOUS
CRISIS IN
BELGIUM
ing night," which. It is feared, might en
sue should the conclusion of peace be an
nounced.
One of the curious features of the pres
ent negotiations is that five of the Boer
representatives secured a legal training
&t the English bar.
The repeated rumors of Joseph Cham
berlain's resignation of the office of Colo
nial Secretary, which were received after
the publication of hf« slgne<J denial, may
be utterly disregarded. They rise out of
serious differences existing between him
self and the Chancellor of the Exchequer
ever the West Indies and other colonial
matters requiring treasury co-operation,
which have frequently been mentioned in
these dispatches and which appear to be
more acute than they have been for '
months.
It was ascertained Jate to-night that
another Cabinet meeting has been ar
ranged for to-morrow afternoon.
PRETORIA. April 32.- Acting President
Schalk-Burger. • Generals Louis Botha.
Lucas Meyer. Delarey and Dewet and
Stern arrived here this morning from
Klerksdcrp.
The Transvaal and Orange Free State
delegates journeyed on separate trains,
both of which were rushed through, the
delegates traveling all night. The trains |
arrived close together. The two parties
are not lodged together- here,- but are
Quartered in separate houses.
shares that hope may be judged from the
fact that the London police officials to
day were ordered to keep large forces in
order to avoid any repetition of "Maf ek-
Of these, the cardinal point, and the
hardest for Great Britain to concede, is
the granting of amnesty to the Cape reb
els, not bo much because of British oppo
sition, but owing to colonial opposition in
South Africa itself. "While there is no
reason to believe that this Is not a semi
official summary of the Boers' demands,
there is also reason to think they may be
modified. How strongly the Government
LONDON*, April 13.— "Peace is within
measurable distance." That probably
sums up the present crop of rumors, con
jectures and deductions which has Groat
Britain by the ears. "Is it peace?" meets
the eye in glaring posters of newspapers
and the question is re-ecnoed throughout
the United Kingdom. As pointed out in
these dispatches yesterday and eonflrms-1
at midnight by Balfour. the Government
leader in the House of Commons, the re
ports of the definite end of a conflict of
such length, involving so many lasting
and intricate issues, being reached prac
tically without any time oeing devoted to
negotiations are palpably premature.
It is announced that the Ministers at
to-day's meeting, which lasted an hour,
discussed a communication from Lord
Kitchener. This is quite within reason.
and Government circles pxpect several
similar messages from Lord Kitchener be
fore anything definite can be announced.
While Lord Kitchener's message* may
have been of vital importance the Asso
ciated Press has good reasons to believe
that the sudden summons of the Cabinet
Ministers was due to a ceslre to decide
whether or not the presentation of the
budget could be postponed until the
Klerlrsdorp negotiations are settled one
•way or the other.
REVIEWED BY CABINET.
Whatever the proposals of the Chancel
lor of the Exchequer. Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach, may be, they are bound to be
greeted by storms of criticism from vari
ous quarters. Peace will not modify the
crying need. of additional revenue, -but it
would take off the sting from the ad
ditional taxation, which is bound to raise
a protest from every class of industry af
fected, la the national Jubilation over
the end of the war these industrial pro
tests will be lost to sight.
It "will be no surprise if it is announced
; on Monday that the budget presentation
cnee more has been postponed, and "if this
. does not take place Parliamentary circles
will regard it as one of the best amens
that the Government practically is as
sured of a successful termination of the
Klerksdorp conference.
The Cabinet council to-day, while it
probably did riot fulfill the sensationally
attributed function of deciding between
peace or war. undoubtedly reviewed the
entire situation, both as regards some
finance and the situation in South Africa,
How complicated and impossible of off
hand solution is tne latter question can be
judged by an apparently authentic state
ment published in the Edinburgh News
this afternoon.
The News, whose editor is in daily
touch with Mr. Kruger, says:
The Boers will not make absolute independ
ence a cardinal feature if they can come to a
satisfactory agreement as to future internal
government. The banishment and confiscation
of prooerty proclamation must be canceled
and confiscated prc:>erty must be restored to
its owners with remuneration for private stock
and property destroyed or taken by the Brit
ish. Flill recognition of state debts contracted
before and after hostilities and uj> to the date
ct the annexation Droclamation published by
Lord Roberts.
The language question is to be mutually
agreed upen. Amnesty for the Cape rebels.
The release of all political prisoners. A date
to be fixed nhen nil prisoners of war will be
returned to South Africa. The offers of one or
two friendly powers to be accepted to super
intend the carrying out of the terms of peace.
AMNESTY TO EEBELS.
Amnesty to the Cape
Rebels One Condi"
tion of Boers.
Ministers Consider
Reports of Lord
Kitchener.
Britons Prepare to
Celebrate Good
News.
BELIEVE
PEACE IS
NOW NEAR
VOLUME XCI— NO. 134.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN ''/FBANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 13, 1902— FORTY PAGESl
Sermons Are
Read Over
World.
Pages. 17 to. 28
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pases 17 to 28Continued From Page Seventeen.
DEATHSUMMONS FAMOUS DIVINE
ROME. Aoril 12.— The alarming reports
about the Pope's health which have been
current for some days are unfounded. - * •
Pope Leo's Health.
BOMBAY, " .April .. 12.— Another \ revolt
against the Portuguese has broken out at
Goa,' the colony of Portugal on the "West
Coast of India. The leader of : the : Mah
ratta; land owners has taken up arms with
5000 > followers, v .who have ; burned f the mili
tary barracks at Valpoy, where some sol
diers were killed.
Revolt 'Against ! Portuguese.
, - CONSTANTINOPLE, ; April 1 12.-A band
of seven Bulgarian brigands has been ex
terminated in the Villayet of i Monastir,
In Macedonia, by Turkish ; troop3. The
brigands captured the tower of the vil
lage ; of ;Kadi-Koi ; and -then braced them-" 1
selves.*; The r troops . surrounded the spot
and demanded the surrender of the brig
ands, who replied/ with a' fusillade,* which
was returned by i the Turks until all the
occupants ; of the tower were dead.
Seven ; Brigands Killed.
• Sickness .; prevented his attendance at
the time, but he sent his attorney to ex
plain to the court. The court refused" to
accept his explanation and ordered him
to be arrested and sent forcibly to
Ciudad Porflrio Diaz. He was imprisoned
*2 £ Iont ?!". ey " 'o«r. ..days . and in - Ciudad
Porfirio Diaz six days, in spite of protests
of the- American; Consul. At the end of
this time the charges of perjury and rob
bery, were.'added rtti -one of contempt of
court. >After,:urgent- protests bail was al
lowed;, inline : sum of- 43500, which Mealy
£*<*. to furnish' In cash 6f a certain issue.
The .decisjop vindicates: Mealy.
.MONTEREY.. "Mexico, April 12.— The
Supreme Court of Appeals has handed
down a decision in the noted' Mealy case
in which it is held that the imprisonment
of . Mealy by. the Federal District Court
at Ciudad Porlirlo Diaz was irregular and
arbitrary. In the decision it is declared
that Mealy was- not in contempt of court
and was not guilty of perjury. :¦
Mealy was Imprisoned • last year on a
-charge: of contempt' of ?cburt~* He was
summoned to give evidence in a- mining
investigation being made -by the court at
Ciudad Porflrio Diaz. :
American Who Was Inx
. prisoned.
Decision Rendered in the Case of the
COTJBT OF MEXICO
VINDICATES MEALY
The Paris manager of the Sangha Com
pany, in an interview,' attributes the out
break to the fact that the fanaticism of
the natives has i been aroused by human
sacrifices, which: were celebrated recent
ly. He adds , that '. the natives are well
armed with modern rifles.
PARIS, April 12.— Minister of the Colo
nies Decrais has ordered that reinforce
ments be sent to the scene of the troubles
In the French Congo as the result of the
dispatches he received yesterday confirm
ing the report of a revolt of natives. in the
Sangha district •
press Natives.
Sent to the Scene to Sup-
Military, Eeinf orcements Are Ordered
FBENCH COITGO REVOtT."
ALARMS A : MINISTER
MINNEAPOLIS, April 12.— About 60 per
cent of the flour mill capacity of this city
will be idle next week and for an indefin
ite time thereafter until conditions Im
prove. This means loss of their time to
about 1000 mill employes.
The shutdown is due partly to the pre
mium millers have^o pay on May wheat,
but principally because of the discrimina
tory rates on wheat and flour in favor of
wheat. This discrimination is even now
the -subject of .'.negotiation- between the
millers and the railroads, and although
the Western roads are willing to equalize
the rates the Eastern roads have so far
declined to do, so. The consequence is
that the export demand for flour has fall
en, it being more profitable to ship the
wheat and grind it abroad. The roads
maintain that flour is more expensive to
handle than wheat and that the rate must
therefore be higher. • Th«S millers claim to
be able to explode this theory entirely
cause of Discriminatory Bates
Favoring Wheat.
Thousand Employes- Will ! Be Idle Be-
MINNEAPOLIS MILLS
ABE TO BE CLOSED
"There are probably twenty . thousand
people on the Texas and Mexico sides of
the Rio Grande in need, of immediate aid
While it is proper that the destitute on
the American side of the river should.re
ceive attention first by the people of -our
country, something should be done 1 ' to
prevent the men, women and children.on
the Mexico side from starving. So far as
I know the Government authorities ' of
Mexico have not been advised of .the de
plorable situation existing" in that sec
tion,,"
:H,. F, Mattison arrived here to-day from
his ranch in .Zapata. He tells of .wide
spread-destitution and suffering in that
section.
"It is undoubtedly, true that -there have
been many deaths from weakness caused
by hunger," he said. "While the con
dition ¦' of ' the people is bad enough' in
Zapatar.and Starr counties, it is much
worse on the Mexican side of the Kio
Grande. I made a : , trip to the towns of
Mler and Guerrero-; Mexico, a few days
ago, and the suffering was heartrending.
The country. on the Mexican side of the
river is rr.uch" more' populous than on the
Texas -Elde r and- the scarcity of food is
thereby made much greater.
"I was informed by Jose Verdu, a mer
chait of Mier, that scores of children had
died from lack of nourishment during the
past . few months. This • merchant in
formed me that he and other busslness
men of Guerrero and Mler had exhausted
their private savings and means in giv
ing relief to the needy, and .that what
ever help Is given them in the future
must of necessity • come from outside
sources, - . • -, >
AUSTIN, Texas, April 12?— Reports of
starvation and destitution among the
people on the lower Rio Grande" border
have aroused the sympathy of those more
fortunately situated j in Texas and sup
plies of food are ' already collected and
will be forwarded to the stricken region
as soon as the necessary committees can
be organized to distribute and take charge
of .the relief -work.': "¦
Special' Dispatch to The Call. I
WASHINGTON, *ApTiri2.-The Commis
sioner ' of Internal Revenue to-day ren
dered a decision holding, that passage
tickets from a port in the United States
to a port in the Philippines are not pas
sage tickets to a foreign port, as contem
plated- in- paragraph 13 of schedule A of
the act of ,1891," and therefore not,subject
to a stamp tax.
No Tax on .These Tickets.
Appalling , Conditions
Exist on the^;. Lower
Rio Grande.
CHILDREN DIE
OF STARVATION
" LIKES TO SEE r THE ENGINES.
Little Lad Confesses Being the Chi
cago Firebug.
CHICAGO. April 12.— Charles Piedze. a
lad of Lithuanian birth, scarcely 10 years
cf age, was arrested to-night, ' charged
vrith having started the many fires that
have terrorized South Chicago during the
past two days. The boy at first denied all
knowledge of the origin of the fires, but
after six hours cf the "sweat box" pro
cess by the police he admitted that he had
started four of the principal blazes, which
have threatened the most valuable prop
erty in South Chicago,- but he insisted
that he knew nothing of the other fires.
He said he liked to see the engines run
and the firemen at work. Fifteen fires
have occurred since Thursday nisht, en
tailing a total less of $50,000 and rendering
homeless fifteen families and as many
boarders. The streets were patrolled Fri
day night by anxious citizens and the boy
¦was caught this afternoon by a fireman
under circumstances that left little doubt
of his suilt in setting a fire that had
Just been started. -" .^-' :
From his contradictory statement the,
police believe he is responsible for;otber
fires than he has admitted so far. ; .
Article on Christ Completed.
WASHINGTON,. April 12.-The Presby
terian revision committee, to-day finished
one article on the life and work of Christ,
after a long discussion which developed
at times much difference" of opinion. The
article was- finally framed so as to meet
the unanimous consent of the committee.
Mrs. Miller, his wife, who has been an
Invalid for several years, is prostrated at
her home and is in a dangerous condition.
In sentencing Miller, Judge Murphy
called him a demon and said that he con- ¦'
sidered that the sentence tie was about to
impose on him was inadequate for his hor
rible crime.' Miller was taken back to
jail, where he remained until he left for
the station. Accompanied by two officers
he went to Jackson, at 8:20 o'clock,: over
the Michigan Central Railroad.
Evidence was then introduced to prove
the death of Miss Jennett. At its conclu
sion Miller's attorney, E. C. Chamberlain,
addressed the court. He congratulated the
Police Department on their efficient work
in running down the murderer and secur
ing his confession, and I said that he had
no sympathy with Miller, who deserved
the extreme penalty of the law. .
DETROIT, Mich,, April li— At midnight
to-night, seventy-two hours after J*rofes
sor Joseph M. Miller murdered 1I\S3 Car
rie M. Jennett with a hatchet, "he was
in Jackson prison, sentenced to spend the
rest of his life there at hard labor. *H
Miller was arraigned in the Recorder's
Court this morning on a charge of mur
der. His attorney, who was appointed by
tho court, raised the question of Miller' <*
sanity and Judge Murphy '. accordingly
appointed a commission of three alienists
to examine Miller. His plea was withheld
pending their examination.
After a careful examination the physi
cians came into court this afternoon and
announced that they were agreed that
there was no symptom of Insanity In tho
defendant. Miller was then ordered to
plead, and the confessed murderer said
in a low voice: "Guilty."
' "pate in Funeral of the Late
" Wade Hampton. ¦¦' :
. , COLUMBIA, S. C, April 12.—Arrange
ments for General Wade • Hampton's fu
neral to-morrow -are_ nearly • completed.
There will '.be many organizations from
all parts of Jthe.State and military bodies
represented. Because | of the family's
wishes for-a funeral, devoid of show, the
committee in '. charge has had some dif
ficulty in, providing: for the many bodies
wishing to participate. .The body will lie
in 'state at the residence from.l to 2:30
and will then" be borne to Trinity Episco
pal Church, where services will be con
ducted. The ' Interment will be : in the
churchyard.'. .
Delegations ' will . be ' present from ' many
Confederate Camps and Daughters of the
Confederacy 'and from the Charleston
Light Dragoons and Washington, Light
Infantry,-^. two commands, which
served under General Hampton during
the entire ywar. 'The light infantry will
carry' the historic Eutaw flag under which
General '¦"Hampton of * 'the-, revolution
fought. <"i. A ¦ memorial . meeting was held
in Charleston .to-day. . . ¦¦•
Historic Organizations Will Partici-
FAMOUS COMMANDS
TO ESCORT THE BODY
On his return home in 1890 the new tabernacle not being completed, Dr. Tal
.mage-diyided bis .time on; Sundays between New York and Brooklyn,- preach
ing, at the Academy of Music in each city. The* new structure was ready' for.
the Easter service, in 1891, and it is said that the grandest sermon of hi3 life
was preached by Dr. Talmage on that occasion. .
In 1894 Dr. Talmage left ¦ Brooklyn and took up his residence in Washing
ton, where he lived until his death. No preacher of his time has been more
widely heard and read than Dr. Talmage. Besides the vast congregations
that flocked to hear him wherever he preached or lectured at home or abroad,
his "sermons "were published every wedk," without a single* exception; for twenty
nine years, in a number of the leading papers of the United States, and later,
through syndicates, were published In 3600 different papers, reaching on an esti
mate thirty millions of readers in this and. other lands every week, j These ser
mons were translated into most European and many Asiatic languages. .
Dr. Talmage made his first appearance on the lecture platform during his
stay in Philadelphia, and thereafter was always in demand, lecturing in nearly
every city, of any size in the United States during his vacations, and earning
thereby quite, a, fortune. Many of his lectures and addresses were published in
the ' magazines. He .was the author of a number of works, mostly of a re
ligious character, the most important of which were "Crumbs Swept Up" (1870);
"Abominations of Modern Society" (1872); "Old Wells Dug Out" (1874) ; "Sports
That Kill" - (1875) ; "Night Sides of City Life" (1878); "The Marriage Ring"
(1836); "Woman, Her Powers and Privileges"; "From Manger to Throne"; "The
Earth Girdled"; "Every Day Religion"; "Fishing Too Near the Shore," etc.
More than fifty, books, were published under his name, and the majority were
pirated and unauthorized by him.
» Dr. Talmage published also two sets of sermons, one of four volumes 0872
75) and another of 104 sermons, 'entitled "The Brooklyn Tabernacle." He also
edited the Christian at .Work (1873-76), Advance (1877-78) and Frank Leslie's Sunday
Magazine, and after goings to Washington, '- The Christian Herald. - • ...
¦ In 1884 the degree of Doctor of Divinity was ! conferred upon Talmage bv the
University of - Tennessee, ; an honor which : strange to say had been withheld by
institutions, nearer to the scene of his work and triumphs, , though they were not
as a rule so discriminating' in- the bestowal of such honors.
Dr. Talmage was twice married. His first wife, by \ whom he had two chil
dren, a boy and a girl, was a Miss Avery of Brooklyn, who was drowned by ac
cident in , the Schuylkill Riverr Two years later he married Miss Susan C. Witte
more, also of Brooklyn, by whom he had several children.
MOST WIDELY BEAD PREACHER OP HIS TIME.
In 18S9, just as Dr.. Talmage was about to start on a trip .to Palestine and
the East, the second tabernacle was destroyed by fire. On the insistence of the
trustees and assurance that the -disaster would be. speedily repaired he went on.
his Journey. After, an enthusiastic reception In London he went on to Athens
and the Holy Land, becoming enthused as , he traversed the memorable places,
and sending home brilliant descriptions of what he saw and the thoughts in
spired thereby. These letters were copied, all over the country.
A debt of $72,500 rested on the church, and calling to his assistance . ah indi
vidual known as the "great church debt raiser" Talmage undertook to lift the
debt. Putting down his own name for" $5000, ' he obtained the first day $42,000, and
the rest soon after bv, private subscription. In October, 1878, bis salary was raised
from $7000 to $12,000. .•; - - '\
proved a success. The Tabernacle was begun In 1870, and while It was in course
of. erection Talmage made his first visit to Europe. The Tabernacle was Jn the
form of a horseshoe inclosing a half-acre of ground, and was generally crowded.
When, on Sunday. December 22, 1872, it was destroyed by fire Talmage preached
,to i audiences at the Academy of Music: His great popularity soon secured the
guarantees for another and a better structure than the old one.
- In June, 1874, the new Tabernacle, on Schermerhorn street, was formally opened
with. 4650, people in the regular seats and as many more In the aisles and stand
ing. In his new Tabernacle Talmage's individuality qf. manner and. phrase more
prominently manifested itself, his dramatic style and peculiar methoas of driving
home the forcible words Of his sermon giving rather a theatrical character to his
preaching. It took with the people, however, and late comers to his services
rarely found even standing room. He succeeded, however, in holding a large and
earnest congregation together and interesting them in practical religious work.
Talmage in the first Tabernacle, , in the face of much opposition and predictions or
disaster, had made the innovation of abolishing the choir and estaDlishlng con
gregational singing under the leadership of a precentor, and it was a grand suc
cess.' ;..,''. . ' • ¦ ¦ ' ' • '. -"¦¦ .'•'• ¦"' " - "¦ ' -.
LAW DRIES
HIM TO PRISON
Army orders'- announce : that Captain
Jacques de L. ¦ Lafltte, quartermaster.
United States Infantry,, is relieved from
duty at Delaware City, Dela., an.d or
dered to San Francisco for duty oh the
transport Crook, relieving Quartermaster
Captain Thomas Swobe.
Washington — Original,'! Frederick A
Schieck, Winlock, $6; increase, Robert J
Foster, Olegano, $8; James Fox, Fellda,
$J-'. -' \ .:.'.¦''
' Oregon— Original, Edmond W. Tryon,
Albany, $6; increase, Patrick , Fuge, Ore
gon City, $12; David .Purser, Beaverton,
$10. ¦ 'ii'j>. XI •?* '?PrA •¦'¦¦t »¦-*." •¦<¦.¦ R*l»V
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The Postof
fice Department to-day announced: Post
masters appointed: California— W. ' J.
Bailey, Staten," San Joaquin County, vice
L. B. Cain, resigned; :G., W. de Long,
Villa Park, Orange County, vice J. H.
Adams, resigned. ---...-
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Edward Hohfeld, San Fran
cisco,' $8; John Temple, Sacramento, $6;
George, A. Daggett, San Francisco, $6;
Robert B. Watts, 1 San Francisco, $12;
Charles J. Minick, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12; James Rutherford, San Jose
$8; Charles Dammert, National Military
Home, Los Angeles, $10; Henry Gade,
Anaheim, $8; John I. Chance, Fresno $8;
John D. Whitney, Patchln, $10; Lionel M.
Heath. San Bernardino, $12; Emma C
Whitehall, Los Angeles, $8.
and More New Pensions
i ; Granted, f
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
Three policemen' arrived and tried to en
ter the cottage, but the doors were bar
ricaded. ' McLean ' threatened to kill tha
first- policeman -who entered the building
and the patrolmen drew revolvers. Two
ofthem kept him engaged in the front, of
the building while the third, gained an en
trance -iii the rear. One of the- officers
dashed, through the front door- while the
man In the rear attracted McLean's at
tention and the would-be murderer was
arrested. At the station he said:
'"'Book me for assault to murder. I in
tended to kill her and then myself."
- A note reading "Tired of this life; k will
try next,! 1 and signed "A Nobody," '. was
found. • ,¦ \ •- ;
Folice Capture McLean.
McLean returned to the house and, plck
¦ ing* 1 up a-Jieavy carving-knife, smashed in
lh^ panel- of one _oi : the-.- roomer's . doors.
In attempting to. open a trunk to obtain
'a~ revolver he broke the knife. "i-
By this time Mrs. Kepplinger and Mrs.
Neal had returned to the rray. The for
mer, caught McLean by the throat and
Mrs," Neal- beat him on the. head with a
piece' of wo.od;, inflicting several deep cuts.
•Mrs. : Kepplinger succeeded in getting the
razor and threw it over a fence. McLean
then threw her down and while she was
grappling with him Mrs. Neal and Mrs.
Dingwalf ran into the street. .• -, ;
Th.e wjdow, had run into the rear yard
toward '- the alley. The . alley . door was
lacked and . she was like a rat in a trap.
As : the • infuriated man approached her
he ¦•£ wore ¦ that he. would kill her. He
had, thrown away -the long knife and in
Its place had a razor. The two struggied
for possession of the open razor and the
widow succ.eeded in getting it away from
McLean by pulling the blade "through .his
hand, cutting it severely. . Again McLean
recovered the razor and cut Mrs. Ding
wall near the corner of the lip, on the
right side.. 'They continued to- struggle
and she again succeeded in getting the
razor,- but McLean dislocated her wrist
in. his efforts to recover it. ,
Mrs." Neal was;in ; the hallway and as
she' was : in his way he caught her by the
throat and i threw, her to the floor. The
plucky lfttle; woman, seeing that McLean
had a knife in his hand, neld on to him
so that Mrs: Dingwall could reach, a place
of safety,;.. > ¦ : , ¦ •• j
Thres Women Give Battle.
• .Mrs.'.Keppllriger"was passing the house
and 'the widow ran out to greet^her. Ten
minutes' later, she returned to her room
with Mrs." Kepplinger. McLean was still
in the'-'roonu When the widow reached
for her rie w. skirt and waist she discov
ered that It had been cut into strips. Mc-
Leah said that he had done It so that she
could not go out this afternoon. - While
Mrs. ..Kepplinger was denouncing him
Mrs'.'- Dingwall stepped out of the room.
A second later McLean bounded out of
his chair and started after her. ,
•~l;ast December .Mrs. Dingwall's hus
band ibecame^ill and McLean was sent to
,tlie;,patien£'' .On January 4 Ding
wall died;' and since that time
has been persecuting the widow with his
attentions. . Last night McLean visited
Mrs. Dingwall, and, as he again proposed
marriage, she ordered 'him to leave. This
morning at 7 o'clock he again visited her
and asked .her to .forgive him. ' She
was sevyjhgr-a jacket at the timeand said
that she<- was going- out this afternoon.
McLean left the room. again and about 10
o'clock . returned and told her that he
would not permit her. to leave the house.
-She lausrhed at^hlm.
LOS ANGELES, April 12.— F. P. Mc-
Lean, : a nurse, ' made a determined at
tempt to murder Mrs. M. A. Dingwall/ a
widow,; this morning. The woman is only
slightly,; wounded', but she owes her life
to.the. bra'v.eryof-Mrs. J. Neal and Mrs.
Sadie jKepplinger, a- neighbor.': •- ;
Flan of a Love-Crazed- ¦' Man- to
Take a Widow's Life and Then
. ¦•-' ".-. '.: ¦'=¦ Commit ¦ Suicide
Intended Victim Escapes
- With but a Few Slight
Wounds.
A number of prominent business men at
a meeting here to-day decided to'petition
the commission to drop the . proceedings
against Freedom, the local paper, the
editor of which is charged with sedition,
but the editor objected> saying he would
prove every statement made. The mer
chants hope the case will not be tried, as
they believe the matter .may have a bad
effect on' Philippine legislation.
Captain Marix requested permission ' to
make a short reply. He protested strong
ly against criticism of the way. in which
Major Waller had conducted ''the' cam
paign, which, he said, . was . outside . the
case, and again Insisted that martial law
ruled . by the mere nature ' of ithe"; condi
tions. - . . .* ¦¦:; ¦ , ' r ,
The court deliberated less 'tliari' a half
hour. No decision- was announced.! , ' , ;
'Major Kingsbury made an eloquent ad-,
dress. . He contended that Major. 'Waller
was under ;military and not .martial . law,'
and that -.there was nothing, in the con
duct of the menwho were shot .deserving
or' such punishment. The judge advocate
blamed Major Waller hlmselfjfor the dis
asters which, befell the marines, and ac
cused him of .. abandoning ¦ ten \: helpless
comrades, "whose bones are now bleach
ing on the banks of the Lanang," to die
of hunger., . ¦*>-, •¦-•¦,•¦'.' -.,¦.'- . :*
The judge advocate's denunciation- of.
the methods by which, the. prisoners who.
were to be shot were chosen was dra-,
matic. They were lined "up, he said,' "for
the raffle of death at the sole will and
pleasure of Private Davis, a marine, who<
was judge and prosecutor." He Preferred
to Davis' testimony, -in- terms of ¦ scorn,"
accused Major Waller of listening to the
dictates of ambition'. and not; to. the dic
tates of duty; asserted that .the , natives,
according to the evidence, acted in many
Instances in a highly commendable man
ner, and declared that their faith
fulness and not their treachery .had been
disclosed before the ; court. . :
; MANILA, 'April 12.— The judg'e advocate.
Major Henry P. Kingsbury, replied to-day
to the summing up before the court-mar
tial yesterday $ of . Captain "' Arthur . T.
Marix, representing Major Littleton W. T. :
Waller^ who ;is> being tried, for. executing
natives of Samar without trial. ;;;'/'
Dramatic Address Made Be
fore Oourt-Martial in
. v'; Manila.
Offer .'-Desperate Resist
ance to Would-Be
Murderer.
Judge Advocate Scores
Major Who Had
Natives Shot.
HEAPS CENSURE
UPON WALLER
TWO WOMEN
SAVE A THIRD
FROM DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APKIL 13, 1902,
18
ADVERTISEMENTa
ADVEBTISE^DBNT3.
Room 32, : Sccord Floor, Mills Building.
', SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. • '
1016 Broadway .'.Oakland, or
E. P. YANbERCOOk; CO. ,
APPLY- TO 'THE
;.\With ' the Best" of.: Railroad Facilities,
The Plcct Where Water - and Rail Meet.
FOR $5O;O<Dp;
f A splendid buy. ;. Large ? value ' now. ¦ 'A
Errand investment for the ; future,- nearly
one: thousand feet ¦ of frontage on" Brook-
lyn Basin. '.¦•.••¦•' ¦; ';. v .
Oakland Water-FrpntProperiyJ
MR. and MRS. HARRY BURNSIDE
est suspicion. Its cure is sure, without harm-
ful results to the system. Many a home is
now happy by the use of Golden Specific. "My
husband got into a habit of taklns a drink
with the boys on his way home" says MnT
Harry Burnslde. "After a while he came
home drunk frequently. He soon lost his posi-
tion and I had to make a living for both of
us and the little children. At times he tried
to Eober up, but the habit was too strong for
him and then he would drink harder -than ever
I heard ot Golden Specific and sent for a free
package. The treatment cured him I out tT
in his coffee and he never knew it at all K*
regained his old position and now we are haonv
in our little home again. I hope you win send
Golden Specinc to. every woman that hai suf-
fered as I haye. and save her loved ones from
the drunkard s grave." *™n»
Send your name and address to I>r. >> w
Hainea. 3264 Glenn building. Cincinnati. Ohio'
1 , 0 ln . a P' aJn wrapper, accompanied by
full directions how to use lt. Enough of th«
remedy is sent tn each free package ta give
you an opportunity to witness its marvefous
effect on those who are slaves to drink
Do not delay. You cannot tell what may
happen to the man who drinks, and you wSSd
never forgtve youwetf for waiUna.
Few men .become drunkards from choice or
inclination — all welcome release from the awful
habit. Golden • Specific will cure the worst
habitual drunkard. This wonderful remedy can
be administered by wife or-' daughter. In foo«L
tea, coffee -or milk., without caueln* to« slUht-
It Cia Ba Pat Sieretly Into Toad u Coffse »ai
Quickly Cares tiu Drink Habit
Free Package of the Only Success-
ful Cure Known for Drunken-
. . ness Sent to All Who Send
Name and Address.
Cures
Drunkards
Secretly
That
Tired Feeling
DB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
TffRE® OUT. ; ; ¦'
There's many a farmer's wife sits on the I
porch in the growing shadows of a sum- !
mer evening, knowing to the full -what it !
is 'to feel tared out£ as if there was not
another ounce of effort left in her. But
she knows how ¦ ' • r. '¦ ' '¦
sound her Sltiin- ffktil'v^ ¦ j-«s< ,
ber will be and ////M&MSBlm
how refreshed IxfiifflWiBSainm
the morning will i.^Pw^S^^^'^s
find her. That's /IMR/avjS
the tiredness of ifp?51 T |W
a healthy. \\w&/£fi&M'{
woman. But WffWf '\W/jM
it's another fffl f '* Lf 'M I
thing ;for the /f \7'VolMS
sick woman to W AiJiX. |l •
feel tired out. H^SmL VI • H
Rest only seems fa
to increase her [fi j^/tft^^. ii'^j
as in profound W\'' \k m /• jr^-fjv*
eilence adiscord^f \4-^T ff / J Is •
jars .the ¦ ear - 'A if Jr "'
more forcibly, so ' : Vj ¦¦, A :
now that she * 1$ '
has stopped *?*-¦ JBr
moving about, '
this tired .woman . feels more acutely the
aching back and throbbing nerves. -,
Sick women, hundreds of thousanda'of
them,' have been made well by the use of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It
"establishes regularity, dries 'weakening
drains, heals, inflammation and .ulcera-
tion,and cures female weakness.,.
« Words cannot tell what I,safleredJ for thir-
teen years with uttrine trouble and draggiqg-
down pains through my hips and back," writes
Mrs. John Dickson.of Grenfell, Assiniboia Dist.,
N. W. Ten | «i can't describe the misery it waj
to be on my feet long at a time; I could not eat'
nor sleep. Often I wished to die. Then I saw
Dr. Pierce's medicines advertised and thought I
would try them '- Had not taken one bottle till
I was feeling well. . After I had taken five bottle*
of ' Favorite Prescription • and one of.' Golden
Medical Discovery' I was like a new. -woman.
Could eat and sleep and do all my own work."
j \ • The Common ; Sense Medical ' Adviser,
is sent free on' receipt of stamps to pay '
expense of mailing only.', ' Send 21 one-
cent stamps for the book in paper covers,
or~ 31 stamps for' the volume bound \ in
cloth; Address Dr. Pierce. Buffalo, N.Y.
DR. KILMER'S SWAKP-EOOT.
HIVE YOU RHEUMATISM?
Doctors Say That Every Human; Ache Is Rheumatic. The Seat of Rheumatism Is in the
v , Kidneys; Keep the Kidneys Healthy and Rheumatism Will Disappear.
YQIJB KIDNEYS ARE DISEASED!
GR E V T A I T L KiDNEY l cuR^ syNT W ?i- LD>s T ~ : Thousands of Men and Women Have
L lPj% J s 0^ E FRel __^^^^W^ ' Kidn *y D^ asc and Do Not Ifc
&v#r aiwsF" Unta lt Has DeveIopci In . t0 BUid "
j^^^^^SSE^Sl^Bs^wBlmBa^^ the head' and U neck? r rheumatic pains all over the
--^MM|tffl|r i MWBBPEMiHraraiMHtfS^^ . &$§&?'¦. tody.. tell yon your kidneys' are diseased and
are not afcle to-do their work properly. If you
: '^^^WP^BBSB^nSmSBK^SBmBSBEKBBSB^tr * * have any of these symptoms great care should be taken to
'^^M^^C^^^^^/^^M^^^^^mr^^^^^^^^M fit °P the Progress of the disease and prevent it becoming
- chronic and pregnating the entire system.
iW|^BH[W|Bl||By ; IF IN DOUBT MAKE THIS TEST.
> ViBHBgBaMffiHaMlHKn^HlBEwCTHIH^WHBBar Put some urine in a glass; after lt stands 24 hours if you
Yf5aS«BMBffl^iftlHmlinlfflft^^T^TO IH MiWinW nnd a reddish brickdust sediment ln it, or particles floating
in the urine or the urine is milky or cloudy, you will know
¦ ' ' WffBltWffiHffnfBWWffiffiBMBWH^ • your kidneys are in a diseased condition and are unable to per-
' BfiBMa»t^^©tS8^@aJ^^^^|ffi^ffiSSr form their work; the result will be the bladder and urinarv or-
~ gans will become inflamed, uric add will poison the blood, the
stomach will become affected and unable to digest the food, the
system will become weak and the result will be a breakdown of
j^^^^^^^^l©^^®^^^^^ 7 the general. health,- with Brlght"s disease or diabetes, which will
,.; " ITJlK|iy™8i!BB^B8^H8^g™™^^nBHE^m r prove fatal if not treated with promptness and great care. Warner s
'-•¦..¦ aE&jB&BaBBuSSSn T**^^ y&SBBNSB I Sa.te Cure -will purify and strengthen the kidneys and enable them to
., : - . MJBBBBBWMf^I . I ¦¦'.- yBEsSir a I do their -n'ork, it will cure rheumatism, rheumatic gout, diabetes.
ISsi$P«Bf«2j!fi^i?il \i jfik i * Brlght's disease, uric acid poibon. inflammation of the bladder ana
.. . RHilSKsisllftSsal ¦ - iJ / /SSbJxSsBL. I Urinary organs, and restore the patient's health and vigor. " ' V :« '¦¦*'-. ' ¦•
¦ ¦'¦ Xm&%Pm8£E$&asi 1/ JbatBltliffMilB / •¦ ' A free trial bottle baa sometimes been sufficient to cure cases of kidney di3-
" ¦•".' IES!«W^8HHH : "'-"' V - case when the simple home test dctcribed abovo has been made in the earlier
-¦¦-^""'"••'''Ul^^^^^^SH : f M^^^^^M stages of the disease.
fffliHliflW WARNER'S SAFE CURE.
¦' ; : -••' i^^^^^^^a he following letter Is a sample of thousands of unsolicited letters re-
- • * W&ttfmffSfifiBni ' ' M^magffii^B ~ celved from grateful men and women who have been cured by Warner's
-/' Vll^^^i SSfflWraSi Safe Cure: ¦ - - ¦ -
--- - - ' ¦'-"•• »--ia»wraBgB°aSi - "^-•-Ipfl»|WBMBHri| "Eighteen years' experience with 'Warner's Safe Cure ought to satisfy
••• . ".';. E^^S^^^^ : JBBBBBBBS& any> one - -A-bout eighteen years ago I was completely cured in four months
, ¦ '¦ nEfflflHMnnfl ' x °' d Ja hetes and rheumatism, which had a pretty strong hold on me. I had
fflfiraflH . ' - BflfiraBiHHWHi ' suffered everything. The doctors had almost given me up. My faith ln
itmS |9h ' '¦"" :- ¦" BBrnWIfffiffllMi ' Warner's Safe Cure, has grown stronger since that time, as I know a num.
? '...:.: - '. ' H|HffiB&ai WgBSHaBW her of the members of the Boston police force who had suffered from kid-
EEjSSHraM < . HMjHH ney, bladder trouble and rheumatism have been entirely cured and are well
Wstt^x^^'^M HrfMHmffrtM an<^ robust men to-day; in fact, every one that I have advised to use War-
i • ' "' ;> ¦ BiPS?*%?»'*! IWHTiHiBMi ner's Safe Cure has been greatly benefited by it. MOSES C. THOMPSON,
i ¦ ' " E^-" 3^mH : BEfflHHHBg| Lodge. No. 23, K. P., Station 16, Boylston street, Boston, Mass., August 17.
i ' r ¦ KHiaaW^^I B?S?^-c^« Warner's Safe Cure is purely vegetable and contains no harmful drugs;
: ¦•.; \, ' ff^M^wt^Bi ¦ floes not constipate; it is a most valuable and effective tonic; it kills tha
! £{ wSS&BfiGSxIM " aHBSgj^SH • disease germs; it is a stimulant to digestion and awaken* the torpid liver.
. .: - BHBBSraSf - r^W^^CM "Warner's Safe Pills taken with Warner's Safe Cure move the bowels gently
¦. '¦• ,;¦ .-¦: , B^HHd . : ',.'. W8BWmSBM| and aid a speedy cure. .. '.£'.'*¦'-
HK ' sWam'rt CURES RHEUMATISM.
f^^<ASv5-3 Aj*^**-* Warner's Safe Cure is now put up in two regular sizes and sold by
WmSSSBaa RJiigggfl£=4 J. r^7 all druggists, or direct. 50 CENTS AND Sl.CO A BOTTLE.
«KRSB0 M^^ 1^ ">7 vSL Refuse substitutes. There is none "just as good" as Warner's Safe
tSkSBHw Cr S I Cure. It has cured all forms of kidney disease during the last thirty
*§S5wf ¦ S / I >^ /I years. It is prescribed by all doctors and. used in the leading hoa-
Wtt^^- X I }£ /K. pitals as the only absolute cure for all forms of diseases of the kid-
t&j/*q^ " ii » i \ _ j[[j ne y» liver, bladder and blood.
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the liver, kidney, bladder and blood that Warner*a Safe Cure will cure them, a trfeU bot-
tle will be sent absalutely free postpaid to any one who will write Warner Safe Cure Co.. Rochester. N. Y.. and mention having seen this
, liberal offer in the San Francisco Call. The genuineness of this offer is fully guaranteed by the publisher. Our doctor will send medical
booklet, containing symptoms and treatment of each disease, and many convincing testimonial*, free. _
Radio Pass Water Very Often Day and Night,
Cured by the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Rooty
DR. KILMER & CO.. Binghamton, N. T. -; .
About two years ago I had a very severe case of kidney and ' bladder : trouble.
The pain in the small of my back was so severe that I could not stand, it .to stay
ia one position more than a moment or two. and was obliged to pass water very
often day and night. I tried medicines and doctors without getting; relief . Noticing
an advertisement in the Topeka State Journal of Swamp-Root, r determined to"-
give it a trial, and bought a bottle. By the time I had finished the first bottle tha ;
pain had entirely disappeared from my back. The pain and frequent desire to
pass water ceased. However, I continued to take the medicine, using about six
bottles in all. That was over a year ago, and I have had no return of the trouble
since. ¦¦¦¦¦.¦-:¦¦ . -¦. ; " •
(A. H. Nooaey). // / / A /\ ';
Chief Engineer. State _//__«¦» /\ ~f~~~ SI ' ; '
CapltcJ Eailding. >» VMV^^X ]/ # S A /h~ *?}-"< Si ft >
Topeka. Kans. . C/ \j . / V V (/^(J^ / 7J^^'^
Jan. 2nd, 1902. " v ' \-j i- .
"v\'eak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness and suffering'';
than any other disease, therefore when through neglect or other causes kidney, -
trouble is permitted to continue, fatal results are sure to follow. '¦ '
\V e often see a relative, a friend or an acquaintance apparently well, but in a
few days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness or sudden death,
caused by that. fatal type of kidney trouble— Blight's Disease. - -,. -v
lite mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney -and bladder -
remedy Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the. highest for its^.
wonderful cures of the. most distressing cases. A trial will convince any one— and •
you may have a sample bottle sent free by mail. • v ' .••<--*
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL. NOTE— Swamp-Root has been tested in so. many ways, and £as
rr w t v i a f,° succes£fu l in every case, that a special arrangement has been made by
which all readers of The Call who have not already tried it may have: a sample .
borne sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about Swamp-Root, V
and containing many of the thousands upon -thousands of testimonial letterS-^re->-
ceived from men and women who owe their good health, in fact, their very lives.,-/
to the wonderful curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writing be sure and men-
uon reading this genrous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call When sending ¦
i your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y.
.If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need I you- can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles, at, the drugstores. --everywhere. -
IJon t make any mistake, but remember the name; Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, N., Y., on every, bottle' ."-' fitHf -
!B KATSCHINSKi'
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
[] 10 TUiBD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
I Nothing looks more attractive for .
tpring than a neat fitting Tan Ox-
ford, and furthermore it is the cor-
rect style to wear, as it shows
neither the dust nor dirt and is
very easy on the feet. Our first
spring special— Ladies' Tan Vici
Kid Oxford Ties, with coin toes
and tips, full quarters, hand-welted
soles and military heels. The price
REDUCED TO «l,O5 A PAIR.
Ifaizes 3 to 7, widths A to E. ;
CAMPERS, ATTENTION. }
We have the most complete as-
sortment in this city of Ladies' and
Men's Rubber Fishing Boots •
Hunting Boots. High Cut Bicycle
Boots. Cativas Shoes and Oxfords
and footwear expressly made for
outings. ¦
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED:
IB. KATSCfllNSKf,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET,
San Francisco;;
5S^j%SfV • -"^ "¦' aMlfi^B^^^r
Is a Common Spring Trouble. ;
? It's a sign that the blood. is deficient
in vitality, just as pimples and other
eruptions are signs- that the blood is im-'
pure. . . ¦• ;
It's a warning, too, which only the
hazardous fail to heed.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills y
"'..--. - . ¦: V ¦ ¦ '•¦ '•¦¦¦
Remove it, - give new life, new cour-
age, strength and animation., V /
They cleanse the blood and clear the
1 Accept no substitute. . •'. ¦ ;, : / . :¦ '¦ _•
Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keeps the promise. ¦
What kind of Rig do you want?
.. - We have only the Smartest Styles, \ )
lut only we have them. ', ";. . ¦
OBSIEN a. SONS
Coldm(iateAvg.andPolk3t; >
&€ W£38ffl3 WB53JJ& 9 $ '¦¦¦¦
Dr.^ Humohreys 1 *'77" breaks
up Crip and Colds that hang:
"; on— haVdy to carry r-25c.-'.CHICAGO PRIEST WHO IS SOON
TO PAY A SHORT VISIT TO SAN
FRANCISCO. ' !
SPOKANE, April 12. — In the Federal Court
to-day William Worlin ,was convicted of coun
terfeiting $5 and $10 gold pieces. His part*
ner, William Coates. pleaded guilty yesterday.
covered in that city. Mayor Crooks ask
ed permission to use ¦'Vallejo's pesthouse,
which is situated between the two cities.
Bcnicia has no Board of Health, so Mayor
Crooks in this emergency obtained from
Benlcia barracks a number of good
tents, which have been pitched at a safe
distance outside the town and are used
as a quarantine station. Smallpox has
appeared in two families.
KEDL4NDS, April : 12. — Redlands to-day
voted $50,000 in bon"ds for street Improve
ments. The proposed purchase of a*dty hall
site 1 was defeated. "
Chinese Minister to Investigate.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 12.— The Chi
nese Minister at Berlin has been ordered
here to investigate the suicide of the son
of Yang Yu. the Chinese Minister, who
died here February 17 last. The Minis
ter's son hanged himself to a doorknob
and left directions for his interment la
Russia. " •. ,
.. . Smallpox J In Bsnicia.
VAL.LE JO, April . 12.— Mayor J Lynch yto
day« received ¦.word from v Mayor x Crooks
of • Benlcia'i tliat » smallpox '¦. had , been • dis-*
' TIMBER COMPANY INCORPORATES —
The California ¦¦.Timber* Company .. was •¦ Incor
porated." yesterday -wlth-.sa". capltar stock 'iof
$1,000,000. 'The j; directors,- each of; whom -has
subscribed* $100,1 are: J. W.^LUIenthal E A
"Selfrldge'Jr., S. P.. Elias, M. W. Dlnkelsplei
and Samuel* Poorman Jr. ,-.
¦ . . ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ %. -. ~ .
Thrown Erbin : Their Vehicle.
* BAKBRSFIKLD, -April 12.— Mrs.": George
l 'W:;McPherson,;Mrs.iG.iMcK:-Beyan and
Mrs. A. v Phillips- narrowly escaped per
manent I injury Uast 'evening by - being
thrown ; : from a - biiggy J in "» which they
¦were riding i at L and Eighteenth streets.
.'Che i horse being driven by the ladles took
fright J and'; ran-s away.' The > buggy struck
a'-tree! stump -and "v the r- occupants- were
thrown ; to J ; the r ground. 1 Mrs. McPherson
sustalned J a fracture of a rib and'a'gen
eral-shaking* up; .Mrs. Phillips suffered a
dislocation < of - the shoulder and fractures
ofclingers ; of, the right-hand.; while : Mrs.
Bevan • escaped, .with painful lacerations
of the; face and, scalp/r, .- • , -- ,
Track Hotes.
After; winning] the third -event -"Billy"
CahlU's : mare ' Bab was bid up $300 over
her entered selling price of $400 by "Billy"
Magrane, owner of Limelight. V Bad feel
ing was engendered by;, the action 'and.
some sharp repartee ensued between the
two : owners. a/-' •• • ' . : .iv;-
''Lee Jackson had the honor of capturing
the ; last, stake' of the season. He leaves
to-night for Chicago. "¦ The Morris stable
will be shipped East J early the coming
week.^MggBEBS?.' , ;... . '^^BSSSBS^^--- X
It looks as If , "Doc" Foucon might In
stall a' little more ' animation Into his rid
ing. Surelyhis efforts, on' Jim Hale can
not be the limit of his ability. ;•.'..'• ;
Bab was 'once backed 'down to 6, ; reced
ing again to, 10. ¦. f , ' j
, , It must be *•¦ fashionable f or a • rider to
make a bungling job of his final mount of
the season. O'Connor : did on Lizella and
Jackson \ followed suit > aBtrlde 'Qlenden
ning.' It .is, one, of : the : unsolved mysteries
. how :.r a ¦'< Jockey, can .... ride ".?, six . ; perfect
races "one 'day, ;; then r get .up on good
hordes r the • following ; day and make . all
manner of. ludicrous mistakes. *
j Bookmaker. " George Rose = handled" a
raft of 'coin, : as usual, ¦; finally ¦ qulttliiK
$5000 to i the ; bad:, c: .' • ¦ -,.; *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 12.— One of the
most ¦ charming of the maids of honor
sent by sister cities to attend the May
queen of the Sacramento Street Fair last
year was Miss Lottie Lee Lytle of Santa
Rosa.' 1 She was bright of face and petite
of ' flgure,' and attired j in her fluffy skirts
and dainty furbelows she. quite captivated
Edward Alexander, a young law student,
iwho.had come to the festival as escort of
his sister, Miss Gertrude, the- pretty maid
of honor, from Colusa. . -. .
One evening during 'a social function at
which the ''maids of honor* were present
young Alexander remarked in the hearing
of several of . the maids . that Miss Lytle
was the prettiest girl . of the entire seven
teen constituting v the! court of .] Queen
Edith. -Mrs. William Beckman," wife of
the former : Railroad Commissioner from;
this district and a -society leader of this
city, consented to arrange; a meeting be
tween the " young coupie; One evening
during the carnival, in the parlors of the
Golden Eagle Hotel* ' the winsome maid
of honor from Santa Rosa and her ardent
admirer were formally introduced. In th«s
latter 'part ."of the, same week. Miss- Lytle
promised . to ! become . the I wife of young
Alexander," and -their- marriage occurred
in San, Francisco on May 29. '
The lights of the ' carnival ; burned out,
and as the memories of the brilliant week
became yellow and sere the love of the
young couple must ..have faded. " At any
rate, a year had not elapsed before Santa
Kosa's fair maid of honor was a plaintiff
in a a divorce -> suit brought before ? Judge
Peter J. Shields • of this county, in which
she charged her j young lawyer-husband
with extreme cruelty. Alexander did not
make his appearance In court, although
he filed a general denial of the charges. -•
Judge Shields i heard the evidence and
granted a decre« which separated the young
woman from the young lawyer who less
than- a year ago^had considered her the
prettiest ¦ girl in -seventeen cities. The
plaintiff was allowed to'resume'her.maid
en name.; ;She is now : employed in a de
partment store, in this city. ..-
Eastern ."Racing Results.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 12.— Montgomery
Park . results: . ¦
First Irace, six 1 furlqngs, selling — Amirante
won. Small Jack second. Aratoma third. Time,
1:16.. . . . - - - - .-- , . ¦¦•, .... ....
Second race," four furlongs — Henry McDaniel
won, John A. Scott second. Poor Boy third.
Time, :0oVi. . ¦* • ¦ . / .
Third race, one mile — Autumn Leaves won,
Aladdin second. Luclen Appleby third. Tim«>,
1:4414.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth— The Lady
won, Wax 'Taper second, ; South Breeze third.
Time, 1:58<£. » /
Fifth race. Cotton steeplechase, $1000 added
about two miles — Dick Furber won, Daryl sec
ond. Golden Link third. Time, .5 minutes.
Governor Boyd fell at first Jump, -se ausly In
juring Jockey Sutherland. =,:-...'..
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs — Votary
won, Rainey C sscond, Doss third. . TlmaR
:579i. ¦ . ' \ , :¦: „ : . ¦ ¦-. V&
WASHINGTON. April 12.— Bennings re*
suits: . ... ¦ . ',. : it.
First race, mile and a half, hurdles — Gould'
won. Tankard , second, \- Water Alone -thirda
Time; 2:52 2-5. ---.:- •¦-..,
: Second race, four and a half furlongs — Blue
and Orange won, Sprlngbrook second ¦ Squid
third. ; Time, :57 4-B. V. " , ',
TUrd race, steeplechase, - about two, miles— :
De Cameron won, ;Arius second, Silent Friend
fell. V Time, 11 4 :07 2-5. ¦. (Only three ¦ starters.) '
V Fourth race, seven furlongs. Bcnnlngg handi
cap, . purse $1000— Himself won. Price second
Man o' War third. Time,* 1:20.. ' ..
. Fifth race; furlongs, "purse— Fablus
won. Nuptial second, Flora S third. Time, 1:32.
Sixth race, "Getaway-: purse, -. mile and 100
yards— Swamplands won.Nlnona second, Rough
Rider third. Time. 1 : 53 2-5.' Rough Rider
waj dl&quallncd : and Carroll D . was ¦ placed
third. . • - v ¦¦•'.., •-..•• .
"Prettiest Girl in .. Seven
t , teen Cities" Gets a
Divorce.
Sugar Boats Arrive and Depart.
There was considerable activity yesterday
among the 6ug;a.r fleet. The barks James
Nesmith. Roderick Dhu, R. P. Rlthet and the
barkentlne TV. H. Dimond arrived from Hono
lulu, «11 deep with sugar. They encountered
fine weather and all made good passages. The
barks Alden Besee, Andrew. Welch and Albert
and the steamship Calif omian cleared for
Honolulu.
ENDS A ROMANCE
OF STREET FAIR
Ends Life by Hanging.
POMONA, April 12.— William Topliff,
aged 42 years, committed suicide last
night by hanging himself. His body was
found early to-day. Topliff had been a
heavy drinker, and once before, while In
toxicated, made an ¦ unsuccessful attempt
tt: shoot himself. . • .
The bark Lev! G. Burgress, which sailed yes
terday momins for Tacoma, returned ' to port
yesterday afternoon in order that' the second
officer might have proper surgical treatment
for a dislocated shoulder. He slipped and fell
to the deck while superintending some work
aloft soon after the bark got to sea. The in
jured officer was sent ashore and the Burgess
will this morning resume her voyage.
Levi G. Burgess Returns.
PETALITMA, April 12. — Pctaluma Jf soon to
have a new schoolhouse, to cost $20,000.
Atlin's Output of Treasure. -
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 12.— A spe
cial from Atlln says | The banks of Atlln
during the season just past exported $211,
000 of Atlin gold and royalty was paid on
$193,000. It is estimated that the banks
purchased considerably less than one
half the season's output of gold, which
would make the production for the camp
last season well above $500,000. Winter
pros-pecting has proved highly satisfac
tory. . >
Casts k Greater Distance Than Any
Rod-Wielder in the Contests
at Stow Lake.
The members of San Francisco Flycast
ing Club met at Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park, yesterday in their fifth series of
contests. C. F. Grant excelled in dis
tance casting, sending out 115 feet of
line. W. D. Mansfield was best in the
delicacy event, just beating out F. H.
Reed. The official table of results follows:
Special Dispatch : to' The Call.
I REDDING, April 12.^-What true love
Wlir Inspire a determined . young woman
to do^ is well illustrated in an elopement
case reported "from" BladfcsT in Yolo Coun
ty. The daughter of; the richest' man' in
the' county has left -her home and the
prospects of a fortune for the 'man of her
choice, with . the full knowledge that she
is renouncing all for him. : .: >
Miss Martha Hershey, who has passed
her twentieth birthday, is the daughter
of David N. Hershey, "capitalist. Her
father owns . several j farms in Yolo • and
much property In .Woodland, where he di
rects a, bank.'.* His wealth is estimated at
upward of $1,000,000. He has two sprightly
daughters, Martha being the youngest.
The girls are highly educated and accom
plished."'
No cloud appeared to darken the old
capitalist's home until Herman "Walker,
a man of 45 years, ; who owns a. small
neighboring farm.became a frequent vis
itor and finally asked for the hand" of
Miss Martha. David Hershey voiced his
wrath, and his'daughter proudly declared
her love for Walker. The latter was or
dered from. the, place.
Two days ago, during the father's tem
porary absence, Miss Martha Hershey de
cided the question- finally for . herself.
Upon his return Hershey a, tear
stained note from his daughter, saying
that she had eloped with Walker and was
proua to give up everything for his sake.
It is learned that « the couple | procured
a marriage license in Sacramento. They
have' not returned, and those who know
the young lady say that any overtures
must come.from-the father- himself. .- ' ¦
LITTLE MOTHEES HOLD
NOVEL ENTERTAINMENT
General Shafter and Mayor Schmitz
pliment Management.
Address the Children and Com-
A novel entertainment was given last
night by the Little Mothers at their
school, 942 Harrison street. A : programme
of songs and music was. opened by Mayor
Schmitz, who delivered a short address
to the Little Mothers, in which he spoke
of the good work the ladies were doing in
giving their time and instructions to the
children. General Shatter also showed
his kindly spirit by being present and
speaking to the children. He ably pic
tured a bright future for the little ones,
who. showed their great delight by a
hearty outburst of applause. . !
The Little Mothers* in their white
aprons and caps, recited and sang, after
which they served their guests with re
freshments of their own making.
The ladies who are directing the home
of the Little Mothers are Mrs. M. S. B.
Sheppard, president; Mrs. A. G. Dear
dorff, vice president; Miss Stella M. Kin
dred, secretary; Miss Martha Cobb Snow,
entertainment committee: Mrs. R. K. An
derson, superintendent; Mr?. L. .Ponal,
cooking class. Mrs. S. E. Dorr and her
daughter helped make the evening an en
joyable one.
FLYCASTER C. F. GHANT
LEADS ALL COMPETITORS
Daughter of a Yolo Gapi
talisfj^eds Man of
Her Choice.
PASADENA. April 12.— Rev. Father
Daniel Riordan, brother of Arch-"
bishop PUordan of San Francisco,
who came to Pasadena several
months ago from his Chicago
home on account of ill health, has gone
to Banning. He will shortly go to Idle
wild, Strawberry Valley, near San Ber
nardino. After remaining there a month
he will return to Pasadena; and, about
June 1, will leave for Chicago, stopping
en route at San Francisco to visit, his
brother. . ' . .'
Father Rlordan's friends say that his
health has improved 100 per cent since he
came to. California, but he is still, far
from -well. . . . .
Aged Woman Killed by Train.
HANFORD, April 12.— Mrs. John Ga
briel, an aced woman, was killed at 4
o'clock this afternoon by the California
limited, on the Santa Fe, near Hanford.
The engineer saw the woman on the
track and blew his whistle. She ap
parently . heard the warning, as she
stepped from the track, but just -before
the train reached her she stepped back
between the rails. Her aged husband was
a witness of the accident.
ELOPING GIRL
LEAVES RICHES
Brother of the Archbishop Will Pay a Visit
to the Latter in San Francisco Before
'Returning to His Home in. Chicago
REV, FATHER RIORDAN
IMPROVING IN HEALTH
THE SAN FB AKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 13, 1902.
19
contestants.
C > Delicacy. r
1% T r v~ tS
85 5§ -I 5 ? 3
• 2 !?5 -«5 -»g *u go
• # " =^ Cg O«» 2 3»
: a- ' B "! o : =
Young, C. G....
Battu, H
Grant. C. F
Brooks. W. K . . .
Kierulff, T. C...
Brothprt'n. T. W.
Edwards, G. C. .
Muller, H. F....
Everett, E
Skinner.- H. E...
Tormey, P, J
Mansfield, W. D.
Reed, F. H
.... 91.4 85 77.6 81.3 I
*6 93 89.4 81.8 85.6 SO. 5
115 hi. 4 S3. 4 82.6 82.11
82i89 82 75 78.6
8288.4 85.4 74.2 79.9
108194.4 90.4 78.4 84.4 94.3
82 83.4 84 80.10 82.5 72.8
98194 62.4181.8 82-
96 94.4 89.4 76.8 83
!»4. 4 89.481.8 85.6
75184.8
192 94.4J84.2 89.3 96.1
92'92 J95.8J82.6 89.1 ....
contestants.
C > Delicacy. r
1% T r v~ tS
85 5§ -I 5 ? 3
• 2 !?5 -«5 -»g *u go
• # " =^ Cg O«» 2 3»
: a- ' B "! o : =
Young, C. G....
Battu, H
Grant. C. F
Brooks. W. K . . .
Kierulff, T. C...
Brothprt'n. T. W.
Edwards, G. C. .
Muller, H. F....
Everett, E
Skinner.- H. E...
Tormey, P, J
Mansfield, W. D.
Reed, F. H
.... 91.4 85 77.6 81.3 I
*6 93 89.4 81.8 85.6 SO. 5
115 hi. 4 S3. 4 82.6 82.11
82i89 82 75 78.6
8288.4 85.4 74.2 79.9
108194.4 90.4 78.4 84.4 94.3
82 83.4 84 80.10 82.5 72.8
98194 62.4181.8 82-
96 94.4 89.4 76.8 83
!»4. 4 89.481.8 85.6
75184.8
192 94.4J84.2 89.3 96.1
92'92 J95.8J82.6 89.1 ....
Treatment Absolutely f ree Until Cured
To all beginning treatment with Drs. Shores &' Shores, San Francisco's leading specialists THIS "WEEK to prove to the nubile
that there is a PERMANENT CURE for CHRO.MC IJISEASES (that are curable) the doctor eke their professional services
d v t -JVc I £.4 reatment FREE to *" Who apply BEFORE APR H- 20- The onTy^ expense to Si patient will b e to! • thS'mSucES
Many Will Be Cured for 5O Cents
UNDER THIS SPECIAL OFFER YOU ONLT PAY FOR THE MEDICINES ACTUALLY USED. Many will be cured for 50 cents
The most stubborn cases of chronic disease will not exceed $5 for one whole month. , * u Ior ou cents.
If you have catarrh, if you are deaf. If you suffer from asthma or lung troub le. ! If you have stomach liver or kidnev df«»»B«.« r,W «„„
other chronic ailment, this ts your opportunity to obtain skilled medical treatment practically free • Kianey disease, or any
OPXC^ S E O^ P E E §T^H T b A^i R^^A^T E I?. w!Ln"^^^ T 5^^ D SffS^?^«STO»^^^^«?
Str°SS T T O AT E S E^E A E T T°O^EL ANI) H0LDS GO ° D T ° ALL WHO APPLY i
lET.NOTICE — All deulrlnjf to nvail tiiem«ilve« of the benefits of thin n pedal offer are rennente«l liv n,« '
SboreK A Shore* to apply an early in the week as po«»ible In order to avoid the rush the cloVinL dL? «i
the week, tor thU special offer will po»itlvel>- be withdrawn on Saturday night at 8 o'clock Anr?l 1S y " ' °i
will not again be renewed or extended. Apply any day thin week. " m|s " 1 *" ° o ciock, April 10, and
The Head and Throat. < ~ -Have ~ •'¦' " ~ "
UN art* , This form of catarrh 1b most common — result- ¦••Do' V vou 0 tai« C <v?«5 ll il«ii-,. »••'"¦
jJ&SSsSBfr s l °g from neglected colds— quickly cured with "HaTC ™ r ,in in X m ¦>•>
J&fr^ J&£Zr** llttIe cost b * Drii - £hores> famous treatment. "Do you ral4 ?rmh^ m t i , L
j£$k7tkk FiWZ? "Is your nose Ftorped up? 11 "S ™! L , ,, ,m v aterlals?
ZSaSS&k. wMPko*. "Does your nose dlscharce' 11 ,,JJ 0 >'°u spit up little cheesy lumps?"
"Is your nose fore and fender?" D ° yoU feel J ' ou are Sowing weaker?"
jt0f9SSStsMSjaS/fwSlnffrtitm " Is there pain in front of head?" . . r,j, ,, _, , ¦ '•'¦¦'» -.>
JSf?W4&a^^^SsmBtKKtS^>m^ mm •• "Do you hawk to clear the throatr' . ur tJle Stomach.
re^^aJET^SKg^ggg^ "I" your throat dry in the morning?" „ . . , '. „
ft^Bij**?^^*^.®^ • Do you Eleep wlth y°" r rcouth openr' Catarrh of the Stomach Is usually caused by
3r gs^lS*^*?^53SS2»'>« You can be easily cured now — don't let It run wa ' low ' n S mucus, which drops down from the
wZ&££^l&SS%*2»~?!l into complications. . ¦ head and throat at nipht. Quickly cured at lit-
1 Th « Bronchial Tubes. , "'Tt^Z^r-* fam ° US treatment - '
i&fW^J^^^twP^ v * nen catarrh of Ihe head or throat is ties- "Ib your tongue coated?"
a®li*s£r i '"^^8E - • lected or wrongfully treated It extends down ."Do you bloat up after' eatine?"
(W&fr&SZlX ¦ the Z\ n^ pU>e ! nto the br ° n chial tubes, and after "Is there constant bad taste in 'the mouth'*
'ffi'l\2"&'(y ' whlln q^tackg the lungs.- ¦ Now is the time to be permanently cured; ' /
i '7 eases. Diseases of- the Stomach and Bowels, 'Of /Wf^J ¦
MRS M A. EMBUET. . * \ TX. ,/„. Piles. Fistula and : Rectal Diseases, _ Female
i.i.._. ai. a. "lULiii. \ *-S • t.»tJ^> Complaints. Diseases of Women and Children. !^54\3^«wZ*
n i TlnrM niinrn Rickets. Spinal Troubles. Skin Diseases; Deaf- stsSS&NPi^ <3J§L
Fi&TfiRRH nilRElJ %&&£&&&§&%?%&> nes8 - Asthma. Bronchial and Lung Troubles fiS^^^^^^ N^
UnlKnnn UUnLU. Rheumatism. Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hyrterla SJW
"Dr.. Shore, & Fhores have entirely cured me WMw^^^^i %*%?% Pro'S G^ ° T r B ',^ ?"" WlW^ ( O
of catarrh." «y. MRS. M. A. EMBURY of 3S25 W(¥^3iWM T^Z^tcTmo^ %Z%£ pfe Dls- ' J
Howe street, Oakland. Cal. I *7 4 v eases. Scrofula and all forms of Nervous and "^^^^1l n
"I wrih a Teat FUfTerer. My nose would stop i f J IZ?3i'J& Chronic Diseases (that are curable.) >St35» "
up so that I could scarcely breathe at all. I \ it., l&%2r kt^P^o J^^ J M ?5^ c SU i i. ES: WRITB FOR *^5V.
had entirely lost my sense of smell, and there * " ' '*?* . , SYMPTOM LIST. CONSULTATION FREE. .•
was bo much mucus dropping In my throat that V*/ ftJi am Dn XT \IiTV\ «** Pn 'w?**~*3
I could noi ta«te anything. I would frequently VfCdK ITlwil* L CLV YY II 611 L/UP6Q
have ""a mhering in my head causing the 8 e- f yQU suffer frorn . any O f the weaknesses or We'ctire vou'fW «,,,?„' , ' ' " !
verest pain between my eyes. My stomach waa diseases caused by ignorance, excess or conta- AmV*^/«V», ask a REASON:
bad, and I was often distressed after eating, pion— TOU. ARE THE VERT PERSON WE wnd uwin ni,, »? J°!r ar ! curwli Tcu can d «-'
My heart would palpitate eo that I could not lie WKNT TO TALK TO. , indorses NOW Wp U wliwTT n P n tlents have
on my left side. In fact, I wa. run down every We have proven our skill In curing CHRONIC _w) th the distinct undeTs4nJ f n T r°th l i RE YO V
"I consulted Drs. Shores & Shores, and after ..;_. ¦ -, ,_, ._,, •_, ,„ ™n£i SrA^m?V^ ONTRACTED DISOR.
a careful examination they informed me that I WE CfINT PUBLISM OUR gg R f n S^5*gI0US BLOOD POISON, ETC..
could be entirely and psrmanently cured, and I r ,,nr<; IN DPIVATP niSFAQF*; have beronfe lnpti«w- *'i, ' ln £ n V; '"i Case " ' : that
am very glad to be able to say that they have CUK.ES IN PKlVATt Uli>E.A5tS ™ neXc?"!* t In t^ able through bad itreatment
kept their word and I feel now that I am en- Becaus4 It would betray confidence. Hence we lutely cure VARICOCELF n nr P ft °^V t We f bl10 "
tlrely cured, r v . n _ have to pr0V e»our skill in this class of troubles a penny. Consultation a^id \ *a v &l "poSS y 2 U
0 ne I doTbtfn^ gfh1.^e^nt^?a^bert? n t d o^ tn another, way.. This Is <mr plan: , letter ofin P^o^lIT^^t^^}^
•HEigneC): mrs. m. a. embury, » tt^« J CL JllUAL J, Specialists, 933 Market St., San Francisco, Cal
"3828 Howe et.. Oakland, CaL". Office Hours — Week Days/ 9 a. m. to 4.p.' m.\ Evenings,' 6 to 8. ' Sundays," 10 a. m. to 12 noon. '
"ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, SundaY , 13 April, 1902. ¦
To tnmk about
Are you in the market for floor coverings ? Here's some-
thing to think about.
The Breuner Carpet Store is THE big, emphatic triumph
of a business that has been notable for quick success ? s. Opened
4 March, 1901, it is now only a little over twelve months old.
Yet the representatives of the big Eastern mills tell us that we
are selling more carpet to-day than any other store on the
coast.
We have but one price to everybody. It is based on the
closest possible margin of profit upon which a safe business
can be conducted. Lower prices than ours are sometimes
quoted — in the newspapers. But investigation — comparison
of values — is all we ask in such cases. The lowest price is
sometimes the highest — if substantial quality is not back of it.
We are building this business for a long, rosy future.
We want your trade not alone for to-morrow, but for next
¦week, next month and for the years to come. We cannot
afford to mislead, to misrepresent or to take advantage of you.
" Roxburys " — the world famous tapestry carpets, six
bits the yard. Axminsters, one dollar. Velvets, one dollar.
Body brussels, dollar and a quarter. Sewed, lined and laid
on your floor,
(Successors to California Kuniiture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp- Golden Gate Avenue.
jj?/ •op,cC > lal rpriCc"llSl -^' '
# m oa k n o' w regular prices of these goods — you know what
M; you have always paid other druggists and there is certainly Ettle »«.
19 object in impressing you with the importance of taking advantage wi
m , of dicsc reductions during the week. You cannot get these goods at
j/jljl- these prices after next Saturday night, so if there is anything in the »\'
™ list you need, by. all means get i it this week. Better, phone • .v
B.^ or come to-morrow — no chance 'for. disppointment then: , . % 1 \
h| Telephone orders delivcrcd-^South 356-^— open all night. |l
a London Glycerine Soap Murray & Lanman's • l ]|
[l| ' dozen cakes 40c Florida Water 45c HI
\'\[ One of the best Jc soaps in the Regular 50c— you will tare car- ¦'¦ ': : \
ijl" -world — you hire always paid 6oc ' fare on this - j j
W" PackerVTar Soap— cake I5c Sozodont— small I5c M J
\K« ».™i.,«r«,. ,»,_,«».«•_..->« ' Rejnlar *jc—oor price aoc—notb- /* I
1 W V r % f P f , 1 *5c-e« pnee 20c— in S better for the teeth ,. S.I
JR,\ ,~ fine for the hair or bath ° JuH
In ! Red Cross Cotton— one Ib. 30c Valdier's Toilet Ammonia 20c . fM
VM.\> ' Johnson te Johnson's make the This is a two-bit ammonia and. 'J'fj
SAv regular 45c kind • an exceptionally food raloe at that fill
Munyon's Toilet Soap— cake 10c Porous Plasters— 4 for 25c mil
Vvv''.* E»erjr other store charges 15c— '• Regular 10c kind — some stores .' MI/l
: VVj^ like finding a nickel . - . ask 15c each for no better Iy>/f
W Louden's. Hair 'Tonic 35c Hunter Rye Whiskey : $1 ////
'¦ ' w^ x ' Alwiyi sell* st 50c ., This i» ttc reg. J1.50 (jt. bottlo J$J/
Tired Feelings, Aching Bones, tassitefc Drowsiness;
Fatiper Kervousness, Sleeplessness, •
iPE-RU-NA A SURE SPECIFIC.]
- +\\—^^ " ' " * ' -—^— —^- , ,' MI11^^* - ' Tonic for Broken-Down System.
% '¦ J^^^^^^T^^yi^Li : -¦ '^^^ Mrs. M. E. Jenkins. 133 Goyean street.
¦f/\ ¦ ~y**£*^^^^^^ mm ?29»^^>^^ ¦ •'- -;:-'-<i ; _^<^ . >w_' '^*\ ' ¦ Windsor. . Ont., President of Victoria
j ¦ J\i£»l^^^^ I fa T*^^^^^^^^^^ 0^^^ ' "^^^. I- Lodge, Queen's , Daughters, writes:
/. S\^J~ l«l »^^Vw Ttfun Pa/*'CT\1^V \ "I . heartily endorse Peruna as an ex-
f / *<*L->**?"" 1 T^S^ L-J JUtllV WW-OJLH* \ I ceUent tonic for, a weak and broken-
"' - 1 . - f ' '¦ - • * \v <^ > 5.|t\/ /»i cr»i^ \k down woman, for such I wa3 before I
I fj- L'j^I I W^\^^J W tllTV#LCKr\ y| began taking - Peruna. and it really
1/ ffW ff^V«? \?ii£>* '/* ¦ r Z*4& \\ uiiTenimevt. i II worked wonders with my system. My
"YflfflF^fccF^V ' •' •' VX.WATERVU ET. N. J./l f health is excellent now, and whenever I
I Vll 1 1 11^?* 1 *"*^ ; ImL I /¦ * X. X i - - * * III feel languid or nervous I take a few
I yaW --^Xsn^*""^z\ ¦ — ¦ II IMif - ' \^_,i ' -~ *^>J II doses of Peruna and it goes right to tha
I >FS5fe^^ tL-^S-^r^^ni IM// !L- W/ spot - A number of my friends hav»
f— jv^a -^^^^ * '^feL-'-/i*l Miss Helen Whitman, 303% Grand av«-
. Mr. Luhr Eggert, City Clerk, writes from City Hall. Vatervliet. N. T.: and am happy to say that it is th«
"Probably anyone at my age has had one or mora cases of severs sick- best medicine that I ever used. I am
ness either personally or in his family. I hava had my shara ofthisafflic- ?&£Teat' T/reei^Z mefand 6 !^™
tion, but I no longer dread fras / did since I have learned the value of *«*>£¦ %«%&££% ™£ eri , x £tt
Pdruno. • .; - " blessing to suffering humanity."
"After a severe attack of catarrh of the head, of which your medicine . mrsl -mart. e. Sampson.
cured me in two weeks,./ have found that it was good for most ills which n you do not derive prompt and satis-
besotus./;nowtakeitforafewdayswhenthe first sultry days give me Hartman^gTvi^^
that tired feeling, and again when the wet-, and cold fall weather sets in, fun statement of your case, and he wm
and I find 'that it keeps me in good condition all through the year, v V ice Pl gra«s to -* tVB y ° U Ws Valuable ad "
' "My experience with Peruna is; that it has stood the test and is well T^ dr^ s rt £ a r n "sS^rium^coiumbu^
worthy my endorsement. -;¦•;-; L.^EGGcHT. Ohio..SAUNAS. April 12.— Kllas Howe, a pioneer
of .' California, known throughout the State as
•'Deacon 1 '.Howe, was 'knocked doVn and run
over : this afternoon by. a rl* . driven by " two
women. ¦ Howe was. picked up unconscious his
t acfr. bruised and covered ' with blood. ; As he is
83 years old. It is feared bis Injuries will prova
latal. , i BiWlilWllh JMJBMBaWB •
: . SACRAMENTO, April • li.'^f Mayor : E. J E.
Sclimltz of San ; Francisco has a letter
to, Pressley T. ; Johnston/ secretary. 'of thelocal
Council 'of; Federated ' Trades,'' acceptlnig^an \ In
vitation ' to v attend '. a''irrand * ball * to "; be i given
under the i auspices of the council ' next I Satur
day, the :19th.
Your First Duty .to , Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cato to New York and Boston, , carrying. Nickel
Plata dining cars, ln which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each,; always
please the traveling . public: ~v JAY W." ADAAIg,
P. Q. P. A.. 37 Crocker building, San Fran
cieco, Cal.
Joseph A. Skellen. a former soldier,
who . was convicted by a Jury. In Judge
Dunne's court on a charge, of grand lar
ceny, was sentenced yesterday to four
years in San-Quentln. ', He stole $00 from
Hazel Miller while In her room In a house
on Bush street.
Four Years for Grand Larceny.
LOS ANGELES, April 12.-Stanford's
athletes defeated the Occidental College
representatives to-day in track and field
games by the score of 50 to 40.. The games
were.'held at Santa Monica and from the
standpoint, or achievements were a nota.
•ble success. McCaughern of Stanford was
the most ; notable ¦ performer. He ran 100
yards in 10 seconds and the 220 "yards tot
22 1-5 seconds. was found, however, on
a remeasurement of the tracks that both
were short the former by 4 feet 4 inches
and the latter by 2 feet 8 Inches. Mc-
Caughern won the 220 yard x dash slowing
up.- -- , ~
Stanford Men Win in the South.
"•John Doe, .alias ,Mah*Foo, the aged
Chinaman "¦ who : personated "young -Man
Poo* and * enabled f Mah ' Poo • to secure an
illegal .landing, several -weeks ago, ap
peared for " .' sentence < yesterday .In the
United^ States :. District - Court. ¦¦¦; Judge de
Haven .took; pity '.upon ¦;, the prisoner and
his. apparent ignorance of Hhe ways of
the V.white : man 'j and • sentenced '• him to
serve ;two ? months', ; imprisonment , in > the
County Jail and to paya fine of- HOT. John
Duffy ," the expressman : who received : the
genuine ; Mah ; Foo from ' the ; Government
/watchman ) at ; the Mail dock and. returned
the * false ; Mah Foo -to \ the lUnlted ; States
Marshal,'; will" be^trledlnext ; May.'on '., the
similar "charge; of :' aiding; 'and 1 1. abetting ; in
the . illegal '< landing * of ; a . Chinese ; coolie". '
One ¦ year's '"Imprisonment'. In '.¦ the ¦¦ County
Jail is ;. the maximum penalty. \ \ -
Duffy, to Be Tried ; Next" May;
; for Substituting. V
His Accomplice,- Expressman John
The board of f trustees of ' the . Cogswell
Polytechnic . College has . decided , to , estab
lish early - next- fall [ evening courses,- in
engineering leading to ,, the. degrees of
bachelor of science in mining engineering
and bachelor of science In mechanical;en
gineering. As ;the- ! trust deed. of the col
lege requires that no charge shall be
made for " tuition, • the v trustees feel § that
many young men now' unable to secure a
college education because it of.' the :, neces
sity of being employed '. during' the day,
will: be glad to take advantage of the lines
of '.work . thus \ offered. .'The ¦•; matter -was
placed ¦ in the hands of. 'Barton ¦ Cruik
shank, M.S.,. the president of the college,
to take tne , preliminary; steps ; in , the ¦ mat
ter. The following is the. course: leading
to .the degrees of bachelor of ' science In
mining and mechanical engineering.' The
eveningi sessions to be from 7:30; to ' 9:30
Monday — Mechanical drawing, \ eurveylhg,
Cogswell College Trustees; Want to
Kelp Young* Men % to Acquire
"• .Education. *
Later in the day the father said: "The
boy didn't want to go. We were all. on
the Cymric ready to sail and seeking our
ptaterooms ; when two officers . of - the
steamship appeared supporting a woman.
6he was frantic with fear and her cries
filled the air. Harry was completely un-
NEW YORK, April 12.— Harry Cochran,
the Jockey who recently signed a contract
for $10,000 a year to ride in England during
the coming season for "William C. Whit
ney, was to have . sailed to-day on the
steamer Cymric. ' At the last moment,
however,' wbgn the '. boy and other mem
bers of his family, were about to start
be begged his father to allow him to re
main in this country, pleading a fear of
the sea and a general desire to keep away
from British soil.'* Cochran' s father finally
consented to allow the boy to go ashore.
His contract witlj Whitney may have 'to
be canceled. .;.
Leaves the Steamer Just Before
She Sails for England.
William C. Whitney's Crack Rider
FALSE MAH FOp; GETS;
TWO .MONTHS' SENTENCE
COTTRSE OF ¦» ENGINEERING
FOR BUSY DAY-WORKERS
JOCKEY HARRY COCHRAN
IS AFRAID OF THE t SEA
:_ i Saturday.— Mechanical ; : : drawing, /. surveying,'
trigonometry, calculus, I analytic geometry,' elec
trical ¦» laboratory, English, applied mechanics
and < hydraulic laboratory; French or thesis,
thesis or German. >'• , •. ¦••¦¦-. ¦.•.>¦ :;:¦¦ .¦¦¦¦¦ • >
: - Tuesday — Chemistry, <> descriptive \ geometry
and kinematics, physical laboratory, mineralogy
and geology, or thermodynamics, mechanics and
valve gearing, : mining or mechanical engineer-
Ing, French or . thesis. . thesis or ¦ German. <\ ; : -¦:
¦'¦ ¦ Thursday — Chemistry,, mechanical . drawing,
descriptive geometry and kinematics," trigonom
etry, calculus, phyilcs, electricity,' mineralogy
and geology or . thermodynamics, : English, : me
chanies and - valve gearing, , applied ¦ mechanics
and • hydraulics, mining or mechanical; engi
neering, ¦ French or thetis, . thesis or. German. \
- ¦- Friday — Chemistry, descriptive geometry and
kinematics, ,' , physical „¦< laboratory, - : mineralogy
and ' geology or - thermodynamics, , - ' mechanics
and . valve . gearing, mining and mechanical tn
gineering,, French or thesis, thesis or German.
trigonometry,' calculus, ' analytic ' • ¦¦ geometry,
electrical laboratory, English, applied mechan
ics and hydraulic laboratory, French or thesis,
thesis or German. ' oU&^?j£tt|ffl^rafJa3MffHl
nerved. He said he would rather quit the
business than gq to England.- Last sum
mer at Saratoga he had a fall and before
he regained consciousness he had several
convulsions. I was afraid his* fear of
seasickness might possibly bring this
trouble on again so I decided to let him
stay in this country. Without his nerve
it would have been impossible for him to
do Justice to Whitney's horses."
NEW YORK, April 12,-Gus Ruhlln and
Tom Sharkey are not to box in England
Billy Madden. , the "Akron Giant's" rna£
ofci 1 / B . ald to - da y th ? Proposed bout is off
"This is a severe dsappumtment to both
Ruhlin and myself," said. Madden "T n^
Btlll willing to give SharkeyT e c n hance B S
reconsider, and if he wishes I will ar
range a go/ winner take all, or any way
Sharkey deems satisfactory. McCov ni«n
refused to. box Ruhlln. hT also drew the
color line against 'Denver Ed' Martin"
Sharkey said to-night: "It is tnf fi i« n
celed my mill with luhlin and that I wfli
not sail for .. the , other side on thV Mth
inst. aa Intended. The reason is s?mnl e
-The purse offered • by the Eniriiah nro
moters. $5000. Is not enough.* If fhe? han<
i^ J\™S 00 ? purse ¦ I ¦ will agree to tackle
Bob Fltzsimmona in England." ""•*¦'«
Sharkey-RuhJin; Fight Is Off.
In opposition to some points of the bill,
Gallinger of New Hampshire said the au
thor of the pending measure would not
know the creature of his brain after It
had passed through the ordeal which was
awaiting it in the Senate.
"What on earth," he Inquired, "are the
supporters of the bill making this hulla
baloo about, any way?"
Teller of Colorado said It was the wish
of the advocates of the measure to ex
clude absolutely Chinese laborers, and he
believed it could not be done except by
some drastic measure such aa that under
consideration. He criticized the Chinese
Minister for "Interfering" with pending
legislation. "It never had been done ln
this country," he said, "and ' nothing in
the treaty can be tortured into an excuse
for such an act. No self-respecting na
tion, ever has permitted such an Inter
ference ln its affairs.". .He challenged any
Senator to point to a precedent for such
an act. ¦
, Spooner of Wisconsin, interrupting, with
a emlle said, "I accept the challenge."
"I have no desire," replied Teller, "to
fight a duel with the Senator."
my memory, does not betray me,"
continued Senator Spooner, "during the
considaration of the Dingley tariff bill
some of the representatives of foreign
governments protested against the enact
ment of certain of Its provisions."
Dryden of New Jersey explained briefly
that as a member of the Immigration
Committee he was opposed to several pro
visions of the bill, particularly that pro
viding that American vessels could not
employ. Chinese seamen.
Patterson of Colorado presented resolu
tions adopted bv seafaring men ln New
York, Philadelphia and San Francisco m
support of the pending bill, and urirlnir
that they could do the work on Oriental
trading shipa despite the heat.
The Senate at 4:05 p. m. went into ex
ecutive session, and at 4:15 p. m. atl-
In conclusion Lodge made a' general
argument against the admission of the
Chinese and against unrestricted immi
gration generally. In the presence . of
Mongolian labor our own labor would per
ish, and he hoped the Senate would get
out of the pending bill the best legisla
tion possible to meet this great question.
Frye of Maine explained that as presi
dent pro tern, tie frequently received dis
patches and letters bearing upon legis
lation proposed. He had received some
concerning the pending bill and he read
several dispatches from business men of
San Francisco expressing the hope that
the pending bill would not pass because It
was too drastic In its provisions; because
it would interfere with our trade with.
China, and insisting upon the re-enact
ment of the Geary act, which, they said,
would protect amply American interests
and American labor.
Speaking of the provision in the bill re
lating to the employment of Chinese on
American chips, Frye referred to what he
called "a spectacular performance" the
other day between the Senator from In
diana (Fairbanks) and the Senator from
California (Perkins). Senator Fairbanks
took exception to Frye' a reference and
eaid somewhat warmly: "It seemed a
'spectacular performance' to only the
Senator from Maine."
"I doubt it," insisted Frye. "It seemed
so to many Senators." ' .
The very legislation now on the statute
books was in a measure a violation of
our treaty with China, as It was enacted
before ,the treaty of 1894 was negotiated.
The pending measure, he maintained, was
not ln contravention of the treaty of 1894,
which provided that Chinese laborers
should be excluded. «
Hanna of Ohio Interrupted to read a
telegram from the president of the Mer
chant's. Exchange and the president of
the Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
cisco and several other prominent San
Francisco business men urging the re
enactment of the Geary act because It
would protect fully American labor and
doubtless would add to the trad© of the
United States.
He urged that there were not enough
American seamen pn the Pacific Coast to
meet the requirements of the bill and he
pointed out that the provision ln the
measure would operate to the disadvan
tage of the country. He maintained that
the operation of the pending bill would
not disturb our trade relations with
China. He was firmly devoted to the
sanctity of the treaties of this country
and knowingly would not vote to violate
any treaty, certainly not any treaty with
China. . - -• v
Lodge of Massachusetts delivered a
speech in support of the pending bill, al
though he antagonized that provision
which prevented American ships from
employing Chinese seamen. He vigorous
ly urged the enactment of the measure
with the modifications . he suggested,
maintaining that Congress should place
permanent and not merely tentative legis
lation on the statute books.
Foraker of Ohio and Hoar of Massachu
setts insisted "that the Chinese Minister
had done no more than his duty and that
he would have been derelict of his duty
Iiad he done less.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— A feature of
the Chinese exclusion debate in the Sen
ate to-day was the sharp criticism, | of
Minister .Wu of China because of his pro
test made to the Secretary of State
against the enactment of the pending bill.
Mitchell of Oregon and Teller of Colorado
sharply attacked him, declaring that he
deserved to have been given his passports,
and that no self-respecting nation would
have permitted such interference in its
legislative affairs.
can Ships From Having Chi
nese in Their Service.
Lodge of Massachusetts Opposes the
Provision Which Prevents Ameri-
Features of the Proposed
Debate.
Exclusion Bill Stir
Minister Wu Ting Fang
trie Object of Attack
by Legislators.
SENATORS
CRITICIZE A
DIPLOMAT
THE SAN FKANCISOO CALL, SUNDAY, \ APRIL 13, 1902;
20
THE WEEKLY, CALL
".; 61 Der Year. •
HARRAOEN'S STUPENDOUS
: GIFTjNTERPRISE
Celebrated Hypnotist How.- -Distrib-
uting Fifty Thousand Copies ol^
a Wonderful Free Book.
SECRETS AND MYSTERIES EX-
POSED.
The Professor Tells How All May
Learn His Strange and
Magic Art.
I am at present giving away an eleganf
illustrated book on the subject of Hypno-
tism. It Is absolutely free to anybody and
everybody who may read this article. It
is the most beautiful. Interesting and val-
uable book ever published. Those who
glance at a single page of It ara spell-
bound by the subject and would gladly;
read It to the end. If possible, at one sit-
ting-. From long. years, of study and ex-
periment I know this realm of Hypnotism
In all Its branches ar>d extent. I am aa
adept and acknowledged authority on its
methods, mysteries . and uses. From : my
vast experience as demonstrator and
teacher I can also Impart this knowledge
to others In a pleasing way. Aa you react
nay charming book, so do you 'master my
subject. Every wonderful feature of tho
science Is exposed with, crystal clearness.
I begin by showing you what Hypnotism)
really Is — the nature of the trance-like
? condition Into which ono mind can cast
others, and by the control of their wllla
and faculties attain the most varied and
surprising results. It is hereby you are
enabled to exercise, ln such ways aa I
fully direct you, all the strange and,
MAGIC POWERS OF HYPUTOTISBE.
Here you get the true secrets of Personal
Magnetism, which makes a Napoleon the
Idol of armies and a Beecher or Wendell
Phillips the charm of listening multitudes.
Here, also, you find the solution not only
of bygone sorcery and necromancy, but
of those modern mental phenomena ln
Clairvoyance Mind Reading. Telepathy
and other exhibits that bewilder the most
Intelligent observers. But the veil of mys-
tery drops away from them all to those
who study my free book. They become to
you practical arts instead of themes for
mere speculation and surprise. Thus do I
likewise unfold to you the wonderful
power of suggestion, hypnotic and post-
hypnotic, which is proving itself the con-
queror and healer of all forms of disease,
of pains and aches, of evil hablt3 and
moral perversities. The use you can make
of Hypnotism for the relief of suffering
humanity is one that must commend itself
to every sympathetic heart. The parent
who has a wayward child, the wife who
has a dissipated husband, the teacher who
has to deal with a slothful or refractory
pupil, the nurse or relative who has to
manage a fretful invalid, all these and
many more are furnished with a helper
In Hypnotism, that will immediately take
up the burden of their anxieties. Above
all. do these powers Invoke our gratitude
a3 a . . . . ..-...-.».-. ,ti .
SPECIAL BOON" TO THE SICKT
They who grasp the secret of Hypnotism
can heal themselves as well as others. No
longer need the sick man worry himself
Into despair. No longer may It be said of
the invalid that nothing seems to help
him. All these downcast and suffering
ones become their own doctors, self -treat-
ing, self-sufficing and self-curing, by
methods which are more potent and cer-
tain than any medical system ever yet
known. Nor is this any more than ono
department of its powers.
FOR YOUR PERSONAL GAIN".
My book will show you in the most ex-
plicit way how a scholar may advance In
his studies, how a cleric or salesman can
win favor or promotion, how a business
man may gain custom and extend his
trade, how anybody of either sex can win
the love or esteem they prize above>all
the world or whatever standing ln society;
may be the object of their secret ambi-
tion. I even teach you how Hypnotism
can solve the rude problem of domeatla
infelicity, thus insuring harmony and *X-»
fectlon ln the home, and giving the lasft
finishing touch to a life of
HEALTH, PRO SPERITY AND CGNW
TENT. j
Nor do I neglect the more playful ajuK
recreative needs of life. I show you tnv
this wonderful book how you can make 1
hypnotism a source of side-splitting ran
ana amusement either hi the home circlet
or for a public audience. In this sense Ii
has never been equaled by any other en-»
tertainment known to the comic stage.
And here I open up to you the. way to>
make Hypnotism a calling or profession
that will bring you Income, reputation
and social eminence— even far- ex tending
celebrity— if you choose to aspire to It. In-
deed. If I were to give you a fortune in
money or an estate of broad lands, t
would not be giving you grander oppor-
tunities for happiness than you may gafc*
by the Btudy of
MY BEAUTLfa'Uli FREE BOOS.
And truly beautiful It Is, I can assure^
you. I have spared neither time, toil no?
expense to make It ln every way worthy?
of this noble science, worthy of my own
professional renown, and worthy of the
new century on which Hypnotism smllea
with such glorious promise. I have dis-
cussed my subject In easy and familiar
Btyle, so that the simplest intelligence can
grasp every statement. I have had my
book illustrated, with pictures on every
page, showing to the very life what could
not be adequately told in words, and
above all ' depicting vividly the sensa-
tional and funny performances that* are
m-oduced by Hypnotism on the stage.
These pictures are by the best American
artist3. and If you only approached this
subject from mere curiosity, still they
.would gratify you in a high degree. The
cover design of my book Is also an ex-
tremely elegant symbolic design, the work
of an able artist, whose sympathies make
him also a devotee of this science. Even
the printing of my book has been attend-
ed to as a vital feature, a new and clear
type having been expressly cast for it so
as to make it the pleasanter and easier
reading. In fact .
. NO MORE DAINTY GIFT
Than my "Key to the Mysteries of Hypno-
tism,"- which Is the title of this free book,
has ever been made to the public in the
Interests of science. And mind, it is a
gift. It shall not. while the huge- edition
lasts, cost anybody who applies Vor it a
single cent. All you, have to do to get it
is to sit down and write. me a brief letter
or postal. If you do bo you secure your
book promptly by return mall. I have no
charge to make. I have no claim on you
¦whatever. I simply hope'and wish ln my
'heart that you will taste
THE I.TJXTJRY OF READING -IT.
Here will come your enjoyment, your
benefit and possibly your fortune. You
will be Introduced to realms of mystery
and handed the keys of power. You will
be informed of secrets and captivated by
wonders that surpass all" the gilded fan-
cies of "Arabian Nights." You will enter
into chambers. of thp mind more brilliant
than the treaHure caves that were opened
to. Aladdin's Lamp. And yet all true, all
natural, all practical, all serviceable for
your own good and the happiness of
others. I therefore strongly urge you to
write for my free book this very day. To-
morrow you might forget it. Address
PROF. L. A. HARRADKN, DEPT. H
JACKSON. MICHIGAN.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
| |jg$ i|jfANDTteGBECTOPENINCOPtt J
ye^IXtiC^KS Enormous Sale of Ladies' Tailor-Rfiade Suits, Dress Skirts, Raelans, Jackets, i^BrV^^MV 3
|; Z^^fi Tj IM Petticoats, Silk and Cotton Waists, Corsets and iVguslin UriderVear. | ftl^J/y^^W^ 3
Sp: * A V,£/ C V The anxiously looke'd for events that have bien, lone watched and waited for by thousands of San Francisco's keenest > economists ' "X |£ * \Ki?»^jL F'Tm
g~ 2k^* */*/*£%> l\ *? OCCUr here to -morrow— the great opening of OUR NEW SUIT DEPARTMENT and THE CELEBRATION OF OUR FIFTH ' AN- MB ". V -\Jp^M O/y :£»
¦ ZZ / I . \LJ \ In inaugurating this GREAT SALE, which we declare will wholly and brilliantly excel all foregoing events, we have used -every '' ll i \W - ' IB -*¦
5^ / n i means at our command to bring together S.UCH VALUES and QUALITIES as will cause this sale to be long remembered It's the out- u •" IL V/ "-- \ ¦¦ ~^»
«r- i / a : come of months of preparaUon, planning, buying and calculating. AN ENTIRE NEW STOCK, the, season's most exclusive and elaborate If "-¦ %f / I -*•
,C^ •/' "' 'H creations in ready to wear garments, has been gathered by .our sjaff o£ .buyers in the East, ;the OPENING OP OUR-BNTIRE'SECOND J§ i ''(// " '¦ | ~~*
'.£Z \/jl !o In order to make the OPENING an overwhelming success, and to show lour appreciation of your support during the past five years /I - V/7 1
¦ZZ \/f j .1 we announce for TO-MORROW and the' following days THE MOST REMARKABLE MONEY SAVING SALET ever known in San Francisco ft 14 1 ' I -*•
m^ \fj v?i K j \\ We welcome every man, woman and child here TO-MORROW, whether you wi3h to purchase^ or not. Extensive preparations have been ' /I s/^/ • 1\
•— \ JI ti il )\\ made. The response is bound to be large. Extra help has been engaged, so that you ma^ be better and more promptly served Purchases / ¦I ' f%*t' ¦"•'¦"¦ l\ -^t
S^ :V /f^n^S' M cheerfully exchanged or money refunded at all times. Prompt and special deliveries to all parts: of the city and vicinity. • >¦ • . ,& /I' l\
* >^ M( /^? 100 DOZEN CAMBRIC SKIRTS AND GOWNS, $!.5O VALUES. I 200 NEW WHITE LAWN AND COLORED WASH WAISTS. %a/J i \\V %
ZZ J VSj| 75^' Anniversary Sale Price . , , Regular Value $1.50, for - , \ / 0 > Vni, 3
. : St^ ' Jz i\.X Two phenomenal Underwear bargains; one g% f% For a special introductory offer we place on sale to- «% A // eW \»*''2
«t~ gr m, \ \ «gb should crowd the Underwear Section; skirts are ex- I| y ft morrow 200 dozen white Lawn and solid color Cham- || U ft 5/ / I? < ill -3
XT: f . 'tlL 5/^*-^ tra full hemstitched and cluster of tucks; Gowns ?jn|. bray Waists; also striped, ln Light Blue, Pink. Tan, *f H I. X ¥ \lU
¦jf» ! 4 Wi-f beauUfuIly Lace and Ribbon trimmed. Regular value . W \3 U [ Red and Gray. Actual value $1 o0 each. Anniversary U U U - 2^ -¦¦ V&Ji
«fcv^ j m jl^ •"* " Each Each sale price Monday, .'.'..*•. '..;.. .......98c each' — Each ' ¦, -^-^w- J^i "^
i SENSATIONAL SILK WAIST OFFERS i. .==i] ± i , i'y'k ll '==1 Remartabla SILK PETTICOAT Sale 3
% si»sa s^i Public wttm^mmSim FiV8 S|lort ; J^rs^gz^™™ 3
ZZ of Waist Bargains have never been «„„..„«;„?:„„ ' \t • r> > will be the biggest PetUcoat Sale in.our =~
S= equaled, but we are determined to make ADDr8GI8tlOI] S™;?Wffi I iS^^SSI/m.--. YfiafS [nBUSIflfiSS hlstor y-°"r description of same does r^
Zz our Anniversary Sale a phenomenal sue- rr I iffllfM Slffi^SS'li 'SBMl tw IUUIU "'• uugili y« 1 ' not do them half justice— all we ask is Z2
'ZZ. cess. For the Grand Open- fe^^^^^^@**^S^Kf^s7^MS In five years we have t0 hav e you look' at them.
¦S New $6.50 Silk Waists $3.95 Eisk. ™* of Our Ncw Sllit '^^^^^^^^^^^^^ffi made this store the^en- 500 Silk Petticoats $5 Each. Worth $7.50
ZZ 300 Silk Waists of the finest Taffeta. Department and Our rj HlillliilBllfftlift^ ter of shopping interest. The styles are very fetching are 3
•S= made up in the latest -Gibson'; effect, in Fifth Anniversary Sale H ¦ U ||m|ft WU It Sliliifill'fc "'^ 5 8t ° n made of an extra heavy Taffeta Sill' 3
&.^?«£^?^$^&r£to we have prepared to out- f^fi^yiiS»liiBMBM S Sndi tio'ns 1 l^cU^ with accordion-pleate/ fl6un«; he 3
i-S^^gi?^&tgS2 strip all other similar St^ A^°l^l - lo^ -bra" R. se Cardmal. Blue,
fc S3.95 each v;3>^ te v \ I ffi Ii ! H^ffi iyPB TRUTHFULNESS. Lavender, Purple, Reseda, White and =^
E , l ' ThebarKains " A U Wk W* HWlWM H UNTIRING VIGI- Black-the greatest bargain ever known 3
Kef $7.50 Silk WaiStS $5.00 EaCh. chronicled in this ad- XS^^Hffi^^^^^^^ffl^^ffiM LANCE - to rive the at J? 5.00 each. - • 3
•t: The most remarkable of waist bar- vertisement are such as '¦¦ '«Lm^^^^^^^^^J^^^^^^^S3^^^ best for the least money. tin nn Clim,»i...i *n nt r u
ZZ gains. Over 400 in this lot. Peau de m .. nnr „. . af . • -\ A t m^m^MP^^M^^^^/tMW^^! J ou P led wlth a corps of , 5IU.UU SIIK PettlCOatS $6.95 Each.
£ Sole and Peau de Cygne Waists, in the ment y ° ur clo^ e atten - J H S PiPiiMfflhP^lii H i Uymg e , XP f rt f S Wh ° v? Ever * Petticoat in thi^ 'lot shows the =5
newest effects of hemstitchine and tucks. tion. It s an offennsr of B M MllRjIi HllBLIfllO flilflS 1MB W mv al^ays alert for quality best of workmanship; a very heavy 3
ZZ perfect French fitting, elegantly made. the greatest importance jjJfiiS^^MISMifflS^ and value, persistent and rustling Taffeta has been used -for 3
All sizes and colors, also white and , . . »- «gaift£!!5yr**— Hs&gW^z/^/gvy^ &j7<?gr*^" : *3?S B Q L^~ Li * a_cc-urate adver- them; made with double ruffles extri -^L-
~z black. PHENOMENAL VALUE at to show our appreciation ~St^^^gM^igi§fflJ^|S ffiaTT^ tisuiR, money . promptly underflounce. extra width and length in 3
ZZ S5.OO er.ch. of your support during i?Wl^,^^HS™lsi ™ — ¦ ¦ r t funded on . anv pur " every new spring shade including White
S $3.50 Silk Moire Waists $5.75 Each. the' past five years, and K^Slpilmmlli | SJ?nS?S?S com! and Black - Great value at 6 -° 5 each -
V^ You will be astonished when you see an incentive to increase - I binations that formed 200 MefCerlZ8ll PettlCOatS at $'.50 Each.
Jiz these. They are all the race now, made „„„_ ,. n cj. nM • *u ¦ ' Mil iil^ * afflSailSp 1 3afl I^S the foundations and are a _ Mrl j y n ( T a- > c r, '
ZZ of an excellent quality Moire Silk, in the your confidence m the CI^T^^^SL I the P resent strength of t >? rand ] ine f of , Ladl « ? Ct l =S
&Z newest GIBSON EFFECTS in all col- future. .-^^^^y-^a^^^^E^lg-z^ this retail business. ticoats, made of a fast black Mercerized -^
fc ors black; immense value at ¦ ' ' ind dainty he^tSched^extra 0 "??
;S HICH-CLASS SILK WAISTS. ~~~. : .' ' ¦, . ~~ I ~ ¦ . „ _ ' . . Aie^o '' '-
2£= TCe present for your admiration, approval and possession a stock of Silk Waists that Is unrivaled NEW ALPACA WAISTS AT $2.50 EACH. US
••"" In this city. It is an exposition cf the very best and finest that could be secured and that must appeal to On ¦*!• to-morrow a erand collection of Alpaca Waists, in White and Black Thev »™ on -^
Sr: every fashlonableand crlOcal woman of taste. We have bought what wou want and will appreciate. Come tastefully made in the latest Gibson effects of the best Knglish Alpaca. Waists guaranteed to fit £7 12!
ZZ ""* Bee them - Pr* 0 **** 1 --- .........'. -. $7.50 to 925.OO Each fecUy; two kinds to chooBe from at.. T ¦.:*.!. .. IsfocTa^d 93.O0^E^fh "
A SUPERB SHOWING OF FASHIONABLE TAILORED^ SUITS, LONG i COATS. SKIRTS AMP WAISTS. 3
£ f TAILORED SUITS ETON SJITi] ~* . . \ :¦ [ CIBSON SUITS. f] ~~ ' NOVELTY SUITS I
fc 8^! 5 - v5ssr*B^s35^--&^ $20.60 $25.00, - • a^rTsr^^f -^35 oo : -3
2T" S '5 wffih I^TJV P^ e V . .5 ACH ; . lots> Etamine. man-tailored- EACH. •• this B prln K . Made of fine im- ¦—. EACH. :¦¦¦<¦ art tailored Suits, made o« the i<POO«VU ¦> .^
»= Xf^L^l^ ?% ¦* ? c "i*? v et trtml ? ed ln throughout. Jacket ellk lined, very tastefully • ported materials, ln colors of Tan, Brown. Ox ¦ very finest Etamines, Batistes . EACH. ~T?
"**¦ flm!£l, t^Ji^fi 8 ?. *% ha^e, STaduated trimmed and stitched. Eklrt ha^ the new seven •• Blood. Gray, Navy- and . Black. Beautifully . and Crepe Cloth; are handsomely tucked and =S
j^ nounce, thoroughlj lined. Great value at...... gore flounce. In all the leading shades; elegant trimmed and tailored. Very catchy suits at.... trimmed, a perfect man-tailored suit that you ¦ "^
£ I glO.TSSult j| 1 value.7" gSO.OO Each , ; ..,.. ...^25.00 Each | wlU admire. Special. ........ . . .Ss.W Each | 3
B a JSS E iii? l S.Vt K SS?%n VeryTb!y B L?ts?n T 8 hor J t A fl y K JL S rvr, f CREAT DISPLAY OF. SEPAR ATE^lJ TWO IMMENSE SKIRT BAR OAi~
E s^i ss\,sa as? $ ?aIh 50 »zm£Z ££*&£%£ $8.00 Ne v CT^ on ***** g ,zj^£ z* D r: s rv beautifuiiy
£ fnTald wUh Su f Moire? pmtUy trimSl and - cloths - ln Tan and ™™*> heavy EACH.' . exquisite collection of new models as await you j f* 1 ** and *rf™»4 «*nal value $20.00. . Mon-
rr seams edged with bands of Moire. Lined eilk lined throughout, warranted to fit perfect- here to-morrow ln Silk and Woolen Dress oay ...f 12.75 Each Z^
*£- throughout with finest White Satin, at ly; special value at SS.00 Each Skirts. There are Crepe de Chines, Etamines, _«m
ZZ '• *27^>O Each ' : Peau de Sole, Broadcloths and Venetian Skirts. .. 150 Golf Skirts of AH Wool Oxford Gray 3
jj; Also excellent Cloth Coats, full lengh...... An unusual assortment of Cloth and Silk Silk Skirts at............ .$1O.GO to i $55.00 Brown and Black Cheviots; worth $5 00 Monl ' ¦-**
*£;. .^^-^la.OO to »22^O Each _| Etons g G.75 to $30.00 j Cloth Skirts ipe.OO to $25.00 day ....... .."..'..•..... ?" 05 Each
| TTi . = -•"•—••
fc 1151 ;'? 1 "!, 15^', ".FASCINATING WASH WAIS'TS. I A GRAND CORSET STOCK. ~~~ SALE OF BOX HOSIERY ~~] 3
g tt&£m=ssss^«fi^?aS5 'S»S^^ s sr4SS%": \w^.-sa2ri^T^^^ I jaa -aM-KfficSSAJS,.- 3
•£l 25c to 83.UO, Gowns 75c to fS.OO, Drawer. G," beB?J5£ert£ ii^tlt Z\ V rare8 Mudgment by : In every . detail. Mid will give good satlsfac- , Quality, of an excellent finish, regular 43c
| SOC to Skirts gl.OO t? A^ jpfS^jibao^h | ' ¦!&¦££&¦? * XMO f^ worth one- lea^^'l^^^^fe^^E^
£ Thewidelpr^?emald N for^^?htwe^h\ R S!sefl^ w i^^^ COOOSrEtLlNC. . EXTRAORDINARY BLACK COODS OFFERING I 3
ZZ materials Inepired us to secure a collection that would $ !• OO i,. rf^f :haV , e .E U^5 efi v f °^ t"-" 101 "™^ the biggest sales in our OU The gratifying response of the public to our persistent rfcO
S= be absolutely complete. Those most In use this spring TARD history, and the Wash Goods Section offers for our anniver- t> 4 C efforts ln selling the best grades of^>ress Goods at I prices 98 C
25OO YARDS ALL-WOOL ALBATROSS S^KS a^la^a^^h^ar^t^ »^^i Black Broadcloth. ,1.25 q uality...,....;........?;...::. 98c Tard
£^ To make our Anniversary Sale a rousing success we QQ» the regular 10c quality; to-morrow. .......: .......... .G^c Yard Extra Heavy All. Wool Broadcloth, 50 inches wide, a high lus- —5
g— will offer for to-morrow only a big shipment of All Wool OOC : ' . i . 25c FAENCH ORCANDIES trous Black finish, for. ...... /.-.............;. ...08c Yard
ZZ Mto^«*adSf "£i« C Bl2? It PliSr^eS2 I 6 Jatlm^l ',-lM Pieces dainty sheer Organdies. 32 in6hes wide," 'in""all | Qf , 6OO YARD8 CREPE DE PARIS. $I.5O Quality for =5
| 6 £° ®^!? t T? t dl r °?I l ? h «i Sc J'*' r SALE OF $i;5d AND $I.25VSILK GRENADINES Monday - BIG WAOE PURCHASE. J
ZZ torn . 2x2 % yards. Monday special price lOC We will hava ready for you to-morrow morning 30 pieces of the QQ- LaCOS That Are Worth 35c end AOr 1n» '"^
g= 48c EACH newest and most effective, styles in Silk -.Grenadines, which the ex-: OCtC ;. '« "wim ajo nno *ucior .
ZZ 100 dozen Pillow Cases, heavy quality muslin, free from rv^. p i^ 8S com P an y delivered to us on Saturday. There is a great variety to YARD n i ¦ ¦¦¦in iiiwnmniMlM "* "' ""^ "•-''- ¦• ¦ ¦ -.-.i.°_' mo .^: f\ A -.^t
*— ereseln^ size 4Sx3t; worth 12M,c Monday »>C cho ° s e from in ?tripos, checks and dainty plain mephes, warranted pure silk. JjKi{gIiS»y c SH^^^yk^>Be3JiSiit^^-Vaia8*a Toyi e wll » I It ft
JJ^ .'. ' '.'.'.'.'.'.*.*.".'.".".".' ."6c "EACH fully 44 inche3 wide,' good value at $1.50 and $1.2&; anniversary sale price to- fiJ^WtJM t^SF^WBuE^^^**^*^ create "a; f.U- , '•/ aJ»|. -^t
- ? L5 ( ? i ?« c l spr u ads IR^YARn^ Rl AP^PFAII fi F^F^tA FFFT A '^ai«' v^^^ m^^^^^^M iUtJI yard 3
&Z fOr SI. tO Each. Bellies patterns, fhrunk and ready for 10 JU IAIIUO DLAIjR TCAll Ut OUlt I Arrtl A. Ktndayandlseidty 6^sS^^N5^^^?M^ Right aT a time when 2
j^. use; pood value $1.00. Sale price... ... Two very exceptional silk items, and no weaves ar« more In de-/>Q^ W^^ P^ii&M^^W^^^^ Laces are in rrrcat do- =5!
m*- '" jpi.iu eacD mand than Peau de Sole -And Taffeta.* "These are' qualities that we can UuL HF^fiMlBlHlffl^BBSJ^^w'M^ m a n d a leadlntr ¦?
1500 YARDS LAGE STRIPED AND OPENWORK LAWNS, WSSk^kl^mWmmmmUWI ?£°Jr a lZ S 3
fe a great white JS^S^SJSSLS^ of the se a : , W MORE EXQUISITE-FOULARDS. zSrE£S n^
fc: eon, mercerized fancy striped and openwork Lawns, beautiful I * C We shall place, on sale ; tn-morrow another great lot of *. Foulards/ QAt*. TP^Hq P«fnfHf vinfa^ i^ and J EacurI^ 1 G ?: loon8 ' Polnt de
white rubrics for dresses and waists, are good value at 25c tha same qualities that caused such a sensation the past week. High- u4C iir^f; t^I nt T „ ?I 8 ? 1 ln wh , i , te and ecru, in the most' exqulfl- -^
£Z * V - A n^ r """'"T^nr price .• ......17c YARD class Liberty Satin Foulards, ln the cnoieeFt colorings and designs; worth YARD ¦ «f designs— Laces that are well worth 35c and 40c, on sale bfgln- 3
El V»-=3^-«—^w in J fM a i * 51.25 and |i.6o. at ....../..,...... .............;... .G4c yard nIn S to-morrow :~...:..:.. ...... ......v..:... -24c YARD 2
B I 1 o^ U W r er Anr^e e rtry f ffl^S ' " " M M '£ f jff/SSjSwki W/ffi S ' Am1WS\ SPECIALLY PRICED TO-NIORROW.
M sold much b\low\hf result PAIR Mf'fflM /M/fflMMJm MS §/£m/ML^£ W \ are the very best qualities, all silk, 8 atin back: 3
«=— r^H M ?T lce - They are made of a «"« grade -^mffl&- Bm/BVmfflAl!IJiSffiw.^J@'M?&Jp Wri& v A No. 1—500 pieces at :J7c; regular j50c. -j; ¦ — S
S^: I \ Prime Italian Lambskin, with two con- WFEl \&Si$&^*r w \. a No z _ 300 p i eces at c; regular S6c. '."..' =SS
•^* " . I l<|| r-olidated fasteners and finely "~w — «^ *^^^ ¦ <QB0^.r' '¦¦ • -' -* ¦•• ' No. &^-100. pieces at 13c yard,- or S1.25' piece.- ¦¦* "\" ; '¦'¦• -^
g^~ &(&&£} I ill ered backs, extra f.ne sewing and guar- \um m ¦ ' ' ' " No. 7— 100, pieces at lTc. yard, or $1.65 piece. • "*g|
**"~ *<&§& \\W anteed to give perfect satisfaction. They > -iLUiimM^iiV^ft^Xk KCJr CREAT LININC SPECIAL MnwnAv • -^
•j- VT tary Sale Price ':..... ...85c pair ' l *««Btt^j^^^BS^* 1 *^ l^re^in Reading colors and black; regular -value 15o WC' Mrs. William I* Gerstle and . Mrs. George
Sperry. who are devoting much energy toward
making the sale a success. The other managers
are:- Mrs. O. B. Burns. Miss S. C. Cowell,
Mrs. James Elder. Mrs. William Frank. Mrs.
F. V.' Wright. Mrs. William Hollls. Mrs. J.-L.
Gould Mrs W. E.' Jackson, Mrs. H.'B.-'Law,
Mrs. .W.i S. Leake, Mrs. Guy E. Mannering,
Mrs. A. ' H. Martin. Mrs. . S. B. ; McLenegan,
Mrs. H. E. ¦ Osbome, Miss Maude O'Connor,
Mrs. E.' F ' Preston. Miss Adelaide j Pollock.
Mr» J. J. Spl«ker and Mrs. William Thomas.
A* tea is to be given for the benefit of
the Improvement Fund of St. Stephen's
Church at the residence of Mrs. William
Hinkel,' 2228 Clay street, corner of Bu
chanan, on Wednesday of this week, from
3 to 6.
Mr. . and Mrs. B. P. Cheney of Boston
are paying a visit to San Francisco. Mrs.
Cheney was formerly Miss Julia Arthur,
whose striking beauty and fine emotional
temperament won her fame before the
footlights as • one of the greatest artists
the world has even known. She was soon
won by ' Mr. Cheney, and since her mar
riage has retired from the stage to enjoy
ideal domestic life. . Mrs. Cheney is much
sought-after in society and .Is , a liberal
patroness of the fine arts. Mr. and Mrs.
Cheney were detained at San Diego for
some time, where Mr.' Cheney has busi
ness interests,' being a director of the San
Diego Land I and Town Company. **
; The president of the New Jersey Society
of ."• Colonial Dames, Mrs. Thomas J.
Craven, and Miss Mary B. Craven, also
a New Jersey Dame, were the guests of
Sophia Pierce, Mrs.. I* King. Miss Bernle
Drown Miss Leontlne Blakeman, Miss Char
lotte Kllinwood and Miss Edith Simpson. .
: The rummage sale for the benefit of the
Nursery, for Homeless Children -had a
most- successful opening day yesterday
andiblds fair to draw zealous purchasers
for • a week "or more. ' A vacant store at
the corner of Green and Powell streets is
the; scene of much hard work with chari
table intent. A . number - of ; •¦ the most
prominent and progressive women in San
Francisco society, have been busy having
donations gathered up . and arranged- to
best advantase, for the sale. There are
ten departments, each one being presided
over, by one of the board of managers.
The 'proceeds will be applied upon the
Lake-street , lot mortgage .of $2000, i after
which a new home will be. erected.
Mrs. B. Bertz, president, of the board,
had principal charge of - arrangements.
The .other, active workers on the board
are: '- ¦'.'¦¦:>: - -'¦- • ! : . ' ¦ "¦. „ ¦ '
," Senor. Lanuza bases his appeal upon, a
large: number of occurrences,: which he
claims entitle his client to a rehearing of
the case.' He says that Rathbone's attor
neys were not allowed to examine certain
documents ;in the Postofflce . Department
which dealt with matters pertinent to the
case ¦ and . that, consequently, they could
not present a great deal of documental
evidence in defense of their client
-He says that, Lawshe, the most impor
tant witness for the -" defense, was not
brought to Cuba, though this might have
been done, and that documentary evidence
presented by Rathbone was not translat
ed. Senor Lanuza advances a number of
other reasons for, granting, the appeal.
1 HAVANA; April 12.-^Charles W.Neely,
Estes ' Rathbone and • W. : H. Reeves have
all 'appealed from the verdict of .the Au
diencia Court by .which they were-found
guilty of misappropriation of . Cuban pos
tal funds and were sentenced to ten years'
imprisonment each and . to pay fines ag
gregating j $127,541. Neely and Reeves ap
pealed within five days after sentence^ and
Sehor Lanuza, ''Rathbone's counsel, pre
sented his appeal ¦ last night. ;,'./:/.
plains That Papers W^re- i
; i Withheld.
Rathbone's; Attorney \ Com-
Rehearing.
Men; Convicted of Cuban
Postal Fraud Seek .
DEGLflRE TRIAL
LACKED JUSTICE
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Miss Margaret Salis
bury, Mrs.' Keyes. Miss ¦ Olive Holbrook, Miss
received yesterday afternoon between 5
and 7 at Century Hall, the occasion being
the tea given by Mrs. J. A. Cooper and
Miss Ethel -' Cooper . complimentary to
Miss Margaret Salisbury/ who is engaged
to marry Mr. Danforth Boardman. .. The
decorations consisted of spring blossoms
in profusion. Mrs. Cooper- was hand
somely gowned in black lace over white
silk, .while Miss : c6opeT.'was charming in
a light spring gown. 'Those who assisted
in receiving were: , • •: /. ¦¦¦¦
FORMER WELL-KNOWN ACT
RESS'WHO IS VISITING SAN
FRANCISCO.
• . ' • - ; •
More- than . four hundred guests were
HE Spinners' Club reception held
I yesterday afternoon in the artistic
I home at 120 Leroy place was a de
• 1L lightful affair. The doings of the
Spinners ; are always interesting,
for ,they are known to be really., clever
people, who meet in a strangely pictur
esque clubhouse, which was formerly an
aristocratic - barn on the premises of C.
P. Robinson. ¦ -When • callers arrived yes
terday they found at Intervals along the
intricate' windings and byways various*
pesters in ye old English and rhyme
which gave definite directions for finding
the clubrooms.
The members of the literary section
acted as hostesses of the occasion and the
guests were received by Mrs. ' Wilson,
Miss Ida ' Robinson, Mrs. Fowler, Mrs.
Day and Miss Bell. The rooms, besides
being made . attractive with j books, pic
tures and other work of the members,
were prettily decorated with foliage.
Many of the guests were, entertained out
of doors, where everything was perfectly
arranged for their comfort. Delicious re
freshments .were served. during, the after
noon. The assemblage was composed
both of charming society, women and
those prominent in the world of art and
letters. The afternoon was- pleasantly
spent. The musical section will entertain
April 19. '
San Francisco Lodge of the Universal
Brotherhood will hold, an open meeting
this morning at its headquarters, ' ', 310
O'Farrell street, at 11 o'clock; la com
memoration of the life and work of the
late-William Q. Judge. Dr. Van Pelt' of
Point Loina will be , one , of the , principal
speakers. ¦ j
Theosophical Symposium.
A dismissal of the action commenced by
Harriet Mackay against the estate of P.
N. Mackay was filed yesterday. Some
time ago Mrs! Mackay, who Is a colored
weman, petitioned. the Superior Court for
a revocation of ; the probate of Mackay's
will and objected to the approvalof the
final account of the admlnatrator of the
estate. ¦„¦; '¦/./
Contest Is ¦ Dismissed.
The demurrer to, the indictment against
"Sir" Harry, TVestwood Cooper, alias
Ernest Moore Chadwick, charging him
with perjury, was overruled by Judge
Lawlor yesterday. The defendant was
arraigned and pleaded not guilty. The
case was continued till April 19 to be set
for trial. The alleged perjury was com
mitted by Cooper while testifying in his
trial for forgery before a Jury in Judge
Lawior's court. A demurrer to- a previ
ous indictment for perjury committed at
a former trial was sustained by Judge
Cook. •
Cooper Must Stand Trial.
Orchestral overture; recitation by Mabel Mc-
JCau&hton, "The Bobolink Fancy Ball"; a spe
cialty song and dance by little Vera Carr; ex
hibition of club swinging by Miss Marie Hock
enbrock; "The Morning Lark," sop'rano solo
Miss Ethel Carroll; "The Actor's Story." recll
tatlon, by Arthur H. Clifford; and selt-ctlons by
the Golden State Quartet, composed of Caxios
N." Keller. Frank W. Perkins, C. Earle Clem
ent and A. Arthur Russell. After these num
iwrt- there was a programme of dances under
the direction of Miss L. Ingarglola.
The first entertainment and dance given
by the Golden State Social and Literary
Club in Social Hall at 905 Eddy street on
the evening of last Friday was attended
by a large number of the friends of the
club members, who were entertained with
the following programme:
Golden State's Social.
The suit against Charles B. Brockaway
on the charge of relieving Mrs. Li. J. Har
ris of $3000 worth of Jewelry near Ingle
side last February, was dismissed on mo
tion of the attorney for the plaintiff, L.
M. Kcttrelle: by Judge Hebbard yester
day, and judgment by default was entered
against Mr. and Mrs. A. W. A. Stone
The Stones, who were defendants in the
suit with Brockaway, disappeared from
the State the day the action was com
menced. .
cover Jewelry Is Entered
Against the Stones.
Judgment by Default in Suit to Re-
KITTRELLE DISMISSES HIS
SUIT AGAINST BBOCKAWAY
Resolved. That we ask the Board of Super
visors to so grade the liquor licenses that the
money derived from these licenses would be
a sufficient amount to defray the total ex
penses of maintaining the Police Department
THE UNIVERSITY MOUND AND B\Y
VIEW IMPROVEMENT CLUB.
GEORGE D. BURGE. Secretary.
¦Where&s, All the departments of the mu
nicipality are asking (no doubt Justly) for an
increased appropriation of funds to carry on
the business of their several offices during
the fiscal year of 1902 and 1903; and whereas,
the need of a new County Hospital and many
new Echoolhouses is an immediate one: and
whereas, two of the political' parties having
representatives in power have by their party
platforms pledged themselves to the dollar
limit and to net aside 10 cents of each dollar
raised by taxation for a permanent improve
ment fund; and whereas, it is apparent that
it would hamper the affairs of the munlclpaiity
by their living up to this pledge. Therefore
be it
Bay View Residents Ask Supervisors
to Preserve Dollar Limit by
Grading Liquor Licenses.
The • University Mound and Bay View
.Improvement Club at a meeting held last
Thursday night adopted the following
resolutions:
WOTJLD TAX SAIiOONS
TO MAINTAIN POLICE
honor on Wednesday afternoon, April 9, I
at the home of 'Mrs. C. Elwood Brown,
3201 Pacific avenue, having been invited to I
meet the officers, managers and organiz
ers of the National Society of Colonial
Dames of America, resident m California.
All these firms, which control practical
ly the harness making industry of the
coast, have united in a resistance to the
demands of the striking workers. The
demand of the leather workers Is for a
nine-hour work day -at the same rate of
wages as at present obtains. Practically
this amounts to an increase of 10 per
cent in wages. The proprietors of the va
rious places are united in opposition to
this move. They claim that in view of
Eastern competition and convict-made
goods they cannot compete with the pres
ent low rates obtaining In this city.
The men claim that the piece work sys
tem, now in vogue, prevents them from
earning a livelihood. The demands of the
leather-workers have been rejected by the
members of the Wholesale Saddlers' Asso
ciation of the Pacinc Coast, which is prac
tically comprised of the firms named and
others located In Portland and Seattle.
About 150 men employed in the harness
making shops of this city went out on
strike yesterday afternoon when they
ended the work for the day. The shops
affected are those of J. C. Johnson & Co.,
Main & Winchester, L. D. Stone, W. Da
vis & Sen and A. A. Van Voorhies of Sac
ramento.
Hour Day Without Decrease
in Pay.
They Make a Demand for a Nine-
I^EATHEB, WORKEBS WANT
AN INCREASE IN WAGES
Story-telling and music furnished enter
tainment until well on toward midnight
A period of informal speeches, songs
and recitations followed. Dr. J. F. Smith
and Otto Wedemeyer. sang solos. • Dr.
Bhiels gave a recitation. Charles J. Dick
man sang a little song, the words of
which were written for the occasion by
Charles K. Field.
Frank P. Deering, president of the
club, presided. During an introductory
speech in happy vein he took occasion to
read numerous letters and telegrams
from distinguished men In various parts
of the country, extending congratulations
to Uncle George and expressing regret at
inability to be present at the dinner.
Among those wnose kindly sentiments
were read are Daniel C. Gilman, late
president of Johns Hopkins University
and the new head of -the Carnegie Institu
tion; Frederick Remington; Kemble, the
comic artist; Minister Wu; A. C. Gunter;
Clay Greene: Broadhurst, the dramatist;
Wilton Lackaye, and "Willie Collier. Rem
ington and Kemble both sent original
drawings to "Uncle George."
The response was in "Uncle George's"
most felicitous vein.
The owl blinked merrily at the Bo
hemian Club last night, for the eighty
lifth birthday of the best-beloved of Bo
hemians was being celebrated. Uncle
George Bromley was the guest of honor
and the entire club was host at a dinner
that for good fellowship and delightful
ficw of wit has not been excelled since
the last similar ' occasion, when "Uncle
Oeorge" was banqueted in honor of his
eigthieth birthday. }
•ihe dinner was held in the jinksroom
and more than -200 were at table, includ
ing: the best known clubmen, literatti,
artists and sculptors of the city. The
room was decorated with fruit blossoms
and greenery woven into a bamboo scroll
work and Japanese lanterns. Back of the
teat of the guest of honor stood an oil
painting of the veteran Bohemian, and
above it in electric lights was the legend,
"Uncle George. 1817—1902."
Two Hundred Members at
Table and Noted .Men
<;; Send Congratulations.
Eighty-Fifth Birthday Is
Celebrated by Bo
hemians.
GEORGE BROMLEY
GUEST OF HONOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO? GALL,, ....SUNDAY, APRIL 13, 1902.
SPINNERS' RECEPTION
AN IDEAL FUNCTION
21
feeHyGai, $1.00 per Year
Vitaopathy cures not one disease alone,
but It cures all disease when used • in
''nmbination with the proper remedies. If
you are siok. no matter what your dis-
p a?e nor who says you cannot be cured.
•w-rfte to Professor Adkin to-day, tell him
" p fading symptoms of your complaint.
27: lonSP *' ou have been suffering, and he
'ill at onrn diagnose your case, tell you
«i* 'xact disease from which you are puf-
•*™B*J and prescribe the treatment that
win positively rure you. This costs you
ansolutply nothinsr. Professor Adkin will
nlso tend you a ropy of his marvelous new
nook entitled "How t«> Be Cured and How
to Cure Others." The book tells you
exactly how Professor Adkin -will cure
you. It fully and comoletely describes
l ne nature of hfs wonderful treatment It
nlso explains to you how you yourself
may possess this STeat healing power and
euro the fIcV around you. '
Professor Adkin does not ask one cent
»«*; his Fen-ices in this connection. Th«v
vi-IH be *rlven to absolutely free. He
nr.R made a wonderful discovery, and he
""'ishes to place »t in the hands of every
«ick person in this country, that he msy
*» restored to perfect health and «trenjrth\
"Tark your letter personaT when vou
write, and no one b"t Profe.«""-r Adk'n
v-*'1 *<?e ft. AflArf^s Professor Thornis F
Z.dkin. office £32 K, Rochester. N T
N'ot long ago John Adams of Blakes-
bury. la,, who had been lame for twenty
ypzrs, was permanently cured by Profes-
sor Adkin without an operation of any
Kind. About the same time the city of
Rochester. N". T.. was startled by the cure
of one of its oldest residents. Mr. P A.
"U'ripht. who hart beer, partly blind for
a long period. John B. Neff of Millers-
nurph, Pa., who had suffered for years
from a cataract over his left eye. was
BpeedQjr restored to perfect sight without
on operation. From Logransport. Tnd.,
r °nes the news of the recovery of Mrs
Mary Eicher, who had been practically
nr&t for a year, while In Warren. Pa,. Mr.
O. W. Savage, a noted photographer and
artist who was not only partially blind
and deaf, but at death's door from a com-
plication of diseftses. was restored to per-
fect health and strength by Professor
-A<5kin. ¦• .- . . ¦¦;,
So gTeat Is the sensation wro-ught In the
medical world by the wonderful cures per-
formed by Prof. Adkin that several pro-
fessional gentlemen were asked to inves-
tigate the cures. Among these gentlemen
were Dr. L. B. Hawley and Dr. L. G.
Doane, both famous physicians . and sur-
ceons. After a thorough and painstak-
ing investigation these eminent physicians
were so astounded at the far-reaching
power* Prof. Adkin and the wonderful
efficacy of Vitaopathy- that they volun-
teered to forsake all other ties In life and
all other kinds of treatment and devote
themselves to assisting Prof. Adkin In
his great work for humanity. With the
discovery of the Adkin Vitaopathic treat-
ment eminent physicians are generally
agreed that the treatment of disease has
«.t last been reduced to an exact science.
In all Eome 8000 men and women have
been cured by the powers of Prof. Adkin.'
Eome were blind, some were lame, some
¦were deaf, some were paralytics, scarcely
able to move, so gTeat was their Infirmity.
Others were afflicted with Bright's, dis-
ease, heart disease, consumption and
other po-called incurable diseases. Some
•were sufferers from kidney trouble, dys-
pepsia, nervous debility, insomnia, neu-
ralgia, constipation, rheumatism, female
troubles and other similar ills. Some
were men and women addicted to drunk-
f nn«s<=. morphine and other evil habits. In
ell cases Prof. Adkin treats he guaran-
tors a cure. Even those on the brink of
the grave, with all hope of recovery gone
and despaired of by doctors and friends
alike, have been restored to perfect
health by the force of Vitaopathy and
Prof. Adkin's marvelous skill. And, re-
markable as it may seem, distance has
made no difference. Those living far away
have been cured in the privacy of their
own homes, as wejl as those who have
been treated in person. Prof. Adkin as-
sorts that he can cure anv one at any dis-
tance as -well as though he stood be-
fore them.
• In all parts of the country men and
women, doctors and surgeons, clergymen
tad educators, are wondering at the re-
markable cures made by Prol. Thomas F.
A-dkln, discoverer of the Adkin Vitao-
patiiic treatment.
ProC Adkin heals not by drugs, nor by
Christian Science, nor by Osteopathy, nor
by Hypnotism, nor by Divine healing:, but
by a subtle psvchlc form of nature in
combination with certain vital magnetic
remedies which contain the very elements
of life and health.
A reporter recently talked with Prof.
Adkin and was asked to invite all readers
of this paper who are sick or who are
worried by the ills of those dear to them
to write to him for assistance. "Some
people have declared," said Prof. Adkin,
r 'that my powers are of God; they call
Be a Divine healer, a man of mysterious
powers. This is not so. I cure because I
understand nature, because I use the sub-
tle force of nature to build up the system
tnd restore health. But at the same time
1 believe that the Creator -would not have
given me the opportunity to make the dis-
coveries I have made or the ability to de-
velop them if He had not Intended that I
should use them for the good of human-
ity. I therefore feel that It is my duty to
give the benefit of the science I practice
to all who are suffering. I want you to
tell your readers that they can write to
me in the strictest confidence If they are
troubled with* any kind of disease, and I
will thoroughly diagnose their cases and
prescribe a simple home treatment -which
l positively guarantee to effect a complete
cure, absolutely free of charge. I caxe
not how serious their cases, nor how
hopeless they may seem, I want them to
write to me and let me make them well.
I feel that this is my life's work."
and Surgeons.
President of the Institute of Physicians
PROP. THOMAS' F. ADKIN.
Professor Adkin. Offers to Help All
Sufferers From Any Disease Ab-
solutely, Free of Charge-
Professional Men In-
vestigate His
Powers, ui;'
FB£E HELP FOR THE SICK.
Brink of Death.
and Many on- the Very-
Ministers, Doctors and Professional
Men Tell How He Has Cured the
Blind, the Lame, the Paralytic
EEALS DISEASES CALLED INCURABLE
Professor Adkin.
irarkable Cures Effected by
All the Land Wonders at the Be-
TheSticcess of Our Ready-
Matie=Wear Department.
A year ago our , stock of ready-made - garments was a
most limited one— to-day it is one of the most complete in
San Francisco.
L^p"A,year ago one employe was enough to handle the
trade— to-day it is thebiggest department in our business.
Our success has been merited — every garment has been
carefully chosen for style, material and workmanship —
the fact, that our garments, almost without exception, fit per-
fectly, is one of the reasons for the remarkable success of
this department.
A Novelty in Summer Skirts-
;. Ia-.- *P P°lka dot, effects— in black and
y"pi?V white and blue/ and white — with four
, IK* • fancy graduated flounce ruffles piped
with white— these are decidedly new
•v«'^(^5rS-\'v - a ? d nan & better than any skirts of their
(\ A'\^\Y kind we have ever seen — just the thing
I \ I\A \\ for warm weather — see illustration . . . . . .
¦""¦¦ I ' \VTl A\ •' •••• • 92.75 Each
I^AyUjC/ A Remarkable
'¦: I \ >A^ ;>; Value in Walking Skirts—
A^ * Made of an ' excellent quality of golf
#~p v cloth, in a summer weight, with the
-• v\j *V graduating flounce, tailor stitched. Ox-
I '&'O75 ford gray or blue— a splendid fitting
, I 2w^' garment and a good value at $4.50 — one
/j • of the leaders in the department ,
S$$ ** $3.OO Each
jrCsr^—s^. _>Jk ''& '-'Another Walking
% Skirt Bargain-
jZ{ _ • n - - - ,,-**> : ' Made of mixed tweeds, strictly all
lu " "\jKj wool— in gray and Oxford— quite dif-
e ~^ r * m r riS \ i^J' ¦ ferent from the ordinary garments of-
aas^^"^ this kind — perfectly tailored and par-
• ' -ticularly well finished — we have all sizes
and can surely fit you— these skirts are made with the new graduating
flounce and were bought because they fit so remarkably well — a regular
$6.00 skirt— one of our leaders ?4.25 Each
Black Dress Skirts-
Made of fine all-wool cloth, 5 go»"e top and graduating flounce — trimmed
with four rows of cording and edged with straps of satin — these skirts arc
well lined and finished and are selling around town for $8.00— you cannot
get one made to order that would. fit any better than these — our price..'..
§0.00 Each
Taffeta Silk Petticoats-
Finished with an 8-inch accordion-pleated flounce with ruche or small ruf-
fle edge— full width and exceptionally pretty — in black, red, light blue,,
green, lilac, white, navy and old rose — these are regular $7.00 skirts— our
price .' ...$5.OO Each
A Special In Wash Silk Waists—
These waists were especially made for our trade, and nothing like them
is shown anywhere else in San Francisco — made of striped washable silks,
with small tucked, graduated yoke, full pouch front and French tucked
back — sizes 32 to 44 — well worth $5.00— our' price 1 . .93.5O each
Linen Crash Walking Skirts-
Just the thing for summer outings, finished with 12 rows of stitching on
flare flounce — new tailor stitched seams, inverted pleat back — in all
lengths— just right for your vacation $2.00 Each
WHENCE COMES
THIS MIGHTY
HEALING POWER
I AD VEBTISEMENTS. .
How we .afford to give 7L W A very unusual value in
, Many people wonder how we can afford to give , [Mi » J * 'nw//'wfffl8^^fev\ vV " Bo - vs ' clothin^' to be ri & ht in everv way. /
such a liberal guarantee : with our ready-to-wear / IMw& uW^'^'-mMtm^^^^K-y sIl0llId be made with a view to boys' needs and
clothing when we say "Your money's worth: or your C^MI^^^^^Si^9&i Suitable ' m StyIe and "trials to their ages. I
money back; or a year's repairing if you keep the :BinM«ll\ - _ We man » facture b °^ clothing, and being ?
perts, who make sure it is all wool; each suit is per- : ' Bi I SI ' ? best possible garments. The style,
sonally inspected-the cutting, the trimming, the sew- \^^»|li| ! : 1|| WmMg WOrkmansbip and eneral excellence of our boys'
ing, the finishing; ¦ every r garmeiu must be faultless, \v/m1P^ clothing is amply attested by the liberal patron-
• whether the price is $9 or $30. \ vA_; ifJH age we enjoy from the economizing mothers of x
By this care we lessen" the chances for dissatisfaction or\\ Mm \lWX§MW^^m/ San Francisco, who want value for their money ' '
repairing needs. Once in a while a man wants his money back • j ||||||iniWL . We are showing some sailor suits at $3.50 j I 1
c^rf^ ' thatexem P lif y thesefacts - They are made of
CieC In bu'ying^ "^1^^ blue serges and black cheviots-all wool, fast- I
values. • ¦'• ' I HI IS^Hi! If If'/ colored materials of durable texture; they are
I See our suits at $9. They are made from cheviots, serges, I '" \Mi|jlB^jMf| jl | |!||f // '/ neatly trimmed with braid, have designs on
clays and worsteds in desirable spring patterns; " single or - " \\^&ra&nmiS Wljlt^ff (ir/il^ >T / '* sllield and tie at colIar » P ants a re half-lined and have
double breasted; suits-as good boughtfrom other stores who mlHlllfllHWy 1 / patent waist bands; ages from 3 to 12 years; would cost
deal through middlemen cost you $12.50 at the least. Try one M .\v|jj|| 1 ! MS jl f/ / 'f ¦ ... e- •«
I will think .you have two different suits. .We have II > waists and straw hats, are of interest to you
ADVERTISEMENTS.ST. PAUL, Minn., April 12.— The first
move of the various Interests concerned
in the railway merger as against the suit
instituted by the State of Minnesota in
the Ramsey District Court ha»-been taken
by President Hill's -attorneys. They have
served notice upon Attorney General
Douglass of a motion to vacate service
in the summons and complaint. of the
State of Minnesota against the Northern
Securities Company and against President
J. J. Hill of that corporation and of tne
Great Northern Railroad. The motion will
'come .before the Ramsey District Court
for argument one week from to-day.
It will be heard at a special term of
court. Which Judge will preside ha3 not
been determined.
The motion of .the- railways will be
based on the claim that the. Northern Se
curities Company Is a New Jersey cor
pcration, and as such is outside the. juris
diction of the Minnesota courts, it will
also be argued that James J. Hill's resi
dence in this State is merely personal,
and as. such he 13 not amenable to the
laws in the case as he would b© under
normal conditions. The argument on next
Saturday will not affect the main ques
tion as stated in the bill- of complaint filed
by the Attorney General.
plaint Entered by Minnesota
Is Made.
Motion to Vacate Service in Com-
HILL'S LAWYERS BEGIU"
work rer tvtf.rqer casjz
MOSCOW, Idaho, April 12.-Arrange
ments had been completed for- the formal
opening of the girls' dormitory of the
university last night by the sophomores,
but their plans were frustrated by the
Joint action of the seniors and .-the
of the preparatory depart
ment were unvilllng to have the honor of
opening the dormitory conferred upon the
sophomores solely, and their opinion was
shared by the seniors. Accordingly a
committee was j appointed to confer with
President McLean and make a formal pro
test). President McLean was firm in hia
purpose to allow the sophomores the cov
eted privilege and preparations were com
pleted for the oratorical contest last night,
after which a banauet was to have been
spread in the new dormitory building. '
The speakers in the oratorical contest
¦were not molested, but at 7 o'clock a
search was begun , by students of the
senior, junior and preparatory classes for
«<ophomores. Every , one who could 'be
found was either tied hand and foot in
his room Or taken on^a ride Into the coun
try. . A number were taken in a dead ox
wagon' five or six. miles into , the country
and; tied to a fence." Later one of the
sophomores was given his liberty, and -told
to go to the relief of his friends,- whom
he liberated from the fence. More trouble
; is expected. ". ¦ •
' and "Preps", on the
Warpath.
Idaho University Seniors
TIE SOPHOMORES
TO FARM FENCE
WASHIXGTON, April ; 12.— The • President
has • idsued . a t proclamation « ; setting '. apart the
San Francisco : mountain t reserve. . • This : con
serves .-the "water '• for two. and : a half million
acres of the Salt 'River .Valley,' irf which 'Phoe
nix I Is i situated." ;' ' ¦/%
-¦ WASHINGTON,:. April 12.— Assistant
Secretary^ Spauldlng.^ to-day, addressed ". a
reply / to x ar' committee \ from the L Commis
sioner ot . Customs of Canada, in, which he
states .that under ithe act temporarily^ to
provide ' revenue for « the i Philippine Isl
ands ; manila fiber, the product . of the
Philippines, ¦ cannot come l into the United
States and be exported to Canada without
being subject to ;? the - Philippine -." export
taxes. S'- With < regard 1 - to rope and cordage
manufactured" in the United : States : from
manila • ~ fiber," on which \ export duties . in
the Philippine Islands have been remitted.'
he H advises ::'¦. the '¦¦¦ Commissioner that It
would have the : same status as other do
mestic i manufactures," ¦¦ and * might -be ; ex-~
ported > to ; Canada', without being '• subject
to the ¦. Phllppine export duty.
Question of Duties Decided.
"That Ms. one --phase of the reorganiza
tion matter," she replied, "that will-un
doubtedly be discussed, but I: am of the
opinion- that It will: not occupy any ' very
great part of the time given - to the dl-
Msion of the programme. I am sure the
matter will be settled. conclusively and in
a way that , will- be satisfactory to all. 1
,have. no fear that the harmony of the
convention will be disturbed by any is
sues that may ; arise in the discussion
the : colors question. On the contrary, I
telieve .this very subject will bring . the
clubwomen of ..the various sections in
closer .: touch An their opinion pertaining
to: this phase of the many-sided race prob
lem that, is: Interesting to all Americans.*
The -women' will: be brought to a better
understanding- of.. the conditions :pertain
ing to this problem as it may. present it
self in all parts of the country."
,'fWill not the. subject of. the color line
bring about an antagonistic debate?" was
asked. .
"From a. business standpoint, probably
the' most Important subject .that will be
presented for discussion will be that of
1 1 mi ij ii ill i 1 1 in n 'VjiiiiilLwQipiiLiiij
ATLANTA; Ga., April 12.— Mrs. Rebecca
r>. Lowe, national president of the Wo
men's Federation of 'Clubs/ to-day, an
nounced the programme for the" sixth bi
enniarconvention, to be held in Los An
geles, Cal. ' Mrs." Lowe said:
CLUB COLOR QUESTI01T
'WILL NOT CAUSE IRE
Deputy -Sheriff 'Cook took Miss Ring
berg to , the , Steilacoom % Insane Asylum
to-day. . ;:¦:'. ;• ,; ,"- .
"But when I got . here," . said the un
fortunate girl, "it was worse. I, worked
for. the. Sunset Telephone Company for
part of, a week and 1 did. a little sewing,
but I heard evil persons, talking about me
all the • tim*.; '. I saw t many' doctors, ¦ but
they all wanted to perform operations on
my . head .and remove : my heart ; and my
lungs. Every time I go to a telephone
some one is -talking about -killing me.'\
: ', Deputy ' Prosecuting Attorney Faben
said that the girl came to him three days
ago and told him her story. ; She made
such - ; astounding •. statements that . : he
knewj her mind waa ' unbalanced and
called in a^ doctor, \ who said that she«was
only" melancholy -' and -¦ needed re3t and
quiet. . After the' examination it was said
to ; the i court ". that ., the ' condition , " of ' the
girl s mind was due to the nerve-racking
night work she had been doing for- the
past three -: years, ; and ; that . it .was . likely
that in a few months," with 'careful? treat
ment, she would recover. .. ¦¦¦-.,
,-Miss Ringbeffe, during a rational spell,
said she had been a night telephone oper
ator in San -Francisco until a month ago
and that she was happy enough until she
began to \ overhear her , friends talking . of
murdering her. Every day, she said, she
would hear persons talking about it until
she .'decided >'.-> to.- steal, away to Seattle,
whither, she thought, her enemies were
not likely to follow her.
SEATTLE, April 12.— Selma Ringberg, a
pretty 23-year-old miss, came to Seattle
a month ago from . San , Francisco to es
cape from the murderers and cutthroats
that her disordered brain led her to be
lieve .were in pursuit of her. This morn
ing, while In the courthouse to ask pro
tection against the creatures of her im
agination, she became violent and In a
-frenzy of , terror ¦ tore . her hair, . while her
screams could j be heard all through the
huge building. Two of .the' deputy sheriffs
took her to Judge Tallman's chambers.
The Judge committed her to the warden's
care un£il she became calmer and was
able : to talk rationally to the physicians
who examined' her.
Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
The scene of the robbery was what !s
known as Piccardoville," on the Jackson
Gate road. It is believed that this same
robber ¦ planned to rob VWells-Fargo's of
fice the evening before. "Agent Wilfred
Knnis was aroused . late at night by ja
pounding on the rear door of the office.
Buspecting that it was a ruse to get him
to thp door, he took the precaution to
telephone for, help,- but when assistance
arrived there was no one around. There
v as about $20,000 in the office that even
ing, the coin having . been shipped there
for . the purpose of paying off the em
ployes of the Oneida mine.
STOCKTON, April 12.— Near Jackson,
Amador County, early last evening, a
masked man, with a revolver in each
hand, entered the wholesale liquor store of
A. Ficcardo and demanded the 'money in
the safe. Piccardo, his son Louis and six
other men were ' in the place. The man
with the revolvers took them so com
pletely by surprise that they were unable
to recover their wits. Six men made haste
to get into the cellar, Louis Piccardo hid
in tne office and the elder Piccardo faced
the robber alone. The invader demanded
that he open the safe. Piccardo declared
that the keys were at home. The high
wayman then ordered him to turn his
pockets out and to deliver up the money
in the till. About $30 waa handed to him.
The man then backed out of the place.
Just as the robber reached the door
Louis Piccardo recovered . his nerve suf
ficiently to grasp a double-barreled shot
gun and fire both charges at the retreat
ing man. The shot did not take effect,
evidently,' but the robber stumbled and
fell to the ground. The six other men got
out of the cellar and started after the
fellow, but in the darkness he managed to
elude them.- He left his 'hat and one pis
tol near where - he fell. It was so dark
that pursuit was unavailing.
Seven Men Scurry to
Cover at Sight of
His Weapons.
Pretty • San Francisco
Telephone Girl Loses
Her Reason.
PHANTOM FOES
SEEK HER LIFE
ROBBER RAIDS
LIQUOR STORE
CHICAGO,. April 12.'— WHliarn 1 M.- Dodd^
for , more than twenty '-¦ years connected
with the : passenger .:. department :r< of '¦:¦ the
Chicago and .Northwestern Railway, died
to-dayj from appendicitjs : at Augustaiia
Hospital. ; Dodd - left , the » position of gen
eral agent ; of J - the '- passenger " department
on January. 1 to become Eecretary - of an
important manufacturing concern.'
William M. ; Dodd7
The banquet lasted until late ' in " the
night, and ¦ the '.pilgrlmag'e' proved one of
the ' most enjoyable i Islam ¦ Temple has
ever- undertaken. ' v
Special Dispatch to The ball.
?h SAN , J °SE, April 12.-Islam Temple of
the Mystic Shriners of San Francisco
rtottS speclal P^imago to the (Garden
rcSes nt e 7th ff apd inItlated Prospective
? »if<fi * . ° mvste ries of the order. A
special train brought about 250- nobles.
The wives. and families of the members
came earlier In the day. and the visitors
n?; mOr^ W T' 11 } enJoy an outIn * about the
city The train bearing the Shriners ar
rived at 5:30 o'clock and was met at the
depot by a reception committee consist-
| n V*__ tn e blowing San Jose Nobles:
U G. H. MacBride, chairman; George B
McKee L A Spitzer, J. R. Kocher. J. R.
R1 «vK- C._ Flagg. The vi&Itors were es
had dinner ® VeDdome Hote1 ' wh ere ! they
At S o'clock the; local nobles, with a
band," went ,to the -Vendome and escorted
Islam Temple to Turn Verein Hall. The
camels and dromedaries, which have been
running at large in the pastures of the 1 "
San Jose nobles, were very frisky and the
candidates were put , through ; in < royal
fashion. The candidates were from the
counties around ' the bay . In the San - Joa-
quin Valley. . ,.,.,>,
The official divan presiding at. the rhe»t
ing was as follows: Illustrious Potenta'te
Charles H. Murphy, Chief Rabban A. W.
McKenzie, Assistant Rabban W. H F ~
Tlt x?- f n H Jf^ Ftl f s % and Prophet-Thomas
L. Hill, . Oriental ¦ Guide Henry, B. r Ream
Treasurer Thomas Morton, Recorder Hi
ram. T. Graves, First Ceremonial Master
Henry Ascroft, Second Ceremonial Master
John Bennett, Director Charles L. Field
Marshal Henry J.- Burns. . •)
.When the initiatory exercises were'ento
ed the nobles adjourned to the Hotel
Vendome, where /a banquet ; waa served
The hall was prettily' decorated;- .Noble
George B. McKee of this fclty waa t toast
master and delivered the; welcoming
toast, "Our Guests." .The rest of the
programme was: : Vocal selection Wil
liam : McDonald, late of the' Bostonlans-.l
"Our Next Imperial Council' Meeting—
What It Means to Calif ornia,',V< Noble
Charles' H. a Murphy, illustrious potentate
Islam Temple; "The Nobles of the Garden
City at San Francisco- in ; June,"-: Nobie
C. G. H. MacBride ; - "What Should Cali
fornia Do for Our. Eastern • Visitors "
Noble Samuel* S." Shortridge; "What tiie
Imperial Council, Expects of California "
Noble Charles L. Field, past imperial
potentate. '--;¦. • ¦.
Enjoy Pilgrimage to
San Jose»
San Francisco Nobles
DEARBORN. Mich.. April 12.— D. P. Lap
hum's private bank here was entered by burK
lars last nlgrht, who blew open the vault and
stole about $1000. There is no clew. ¦ .
CHRISTIANIA, Norway, April 12. — The pres
ent week has broken all records of immigra
tion to America. Thirteen hundred Scandi
navians sailed from this port.
MERCED. April 12.— W. W. Gray, a vet
eran of the Civil War, was stricken by
paralysis yesterday and died tonday.
Twenty-five years ago he was a captain
of police in Oakland.
"W. W. Gray.
. city. Two Town Trustees are
to be elected and there are seven
aspirants for the places, which pay
but $1 a year each. The Municipal Im
provement party, or the hillites, has two
candidates — W. G. Morrow, secretary of
the San Francisco Yacht Club, and J. F.
SAUSALITO, April 12.— Sausalito is
on the eve of a municipal elec
tion which will end the most
bitter fight ever waged in this
ISLAM TEMPLE'S
MERRY JOURNEY
.-; - . '. .- .. . • .;> » •¦;:;, *-¦
Jones— while the water front contingent
has two— Jacques Thomas and E. H.
Shoemaker, J. Schnell, George Payne
and A. Sylva, the latter at present Mayor
&1 _° aus alito, are ru "nlng independently.
The election will take place on Monday
and a lively, time is anticipated. So bit
ter is the feeling between the several fac
tions that Sheriff Taylor will brinjr ten
armed deputies from San Raf ael to assist
the police of this city in preserving or
der. - -¦'.¦;.,
CANDIDATES WHOSE FATE WILL BE DECIDED AT THE POLLS ON
MONDAY. AFTER ONE OF THE MOST BITTER CAMPAIGNS IN THE
HISTORY OF SAUSALITO POLITICS. %*~"
THE SAN FBANCISCO^GALL, 'SUNDAY, APRIL 13, 1902
22
Monday's Battle of pallots Will End; a Bitter
Campaign and'- Armed Deputies Are
Deemed Necessary to Preserve -Peace
SAUSALITO ON THE EVE
OF A LIVELY ELECTION
l/^^fe^ Let-Up to. the Good Things We
I , Are' Offering This Week. : I
1 C^^-v^v G>+f\**t± Thousands of Women Remark: "This is Well Fltlmg, Good Stock and I
I W^J\A £*'o,^%0 '^ tOre theftorethatdoes as they adverse to EvcrlaStlP-g !¦
1 ? " ; " J^>VRJ^Y* :^^ ladies- PPR ™, $ t50 Wash Vcils-Now 48c -lu^s^e^ Eet 3U f I
ti :'^»''-Ji J l--*^iC^^^--" ; \->'*vJV\^' J Sf- ; ' LADIES' BLACK J^3«*. «J^« th a dollar three-clasp, fancy stitched g
H X.'.JlJi^V-*- •-> .• ' "If I^C LACE .EFFECT HOSE J^^t five cents »e aoiiar. back, overseam sewn, in all |i
H I '^*J^'i" J '. j i'- v iLui '^ *¦ '¦¦ ->-s-* 9 Sk t^\ 12V-C /S^M\ They are made of very nn- the newest street and evening shades, 61
H J-'-rfl^X '¦•' '-''Ir'^na'.""^'/ 1 '¦"^•Vral'i* CHILDREN'S FAST ' &8?x*§ \ est Brussels net, with fine well made and perfect fittinsr. We chal- «
M /• **T "'.''. 'I.' «'»•'.•>*•• • ~' •IvL-Ci BLACK EVERLAST- Hl>J}\j¥ hand-made Battenberg or lenge you to equal them at this price M
M '¦- t'T^V . ? '->«V ¦'.'•'. :'¦.»• >i7' '¦•¦ ING SCHOOL HOSElTc - " Honiton - edge, " full yard \... Sl.oO 1
m^W^^^-MW^0^^Mi a^d HII^^ S 7£ s % Were n-50 &n.oS re^w a s^lir^ Ol.n Purchased Here Cleaned Free. |
I jM^'K%I^\\M^S^^'^i ''Snck^e Snf cam- just receded- Some' p'aHs'ia'n NorS- Something o! Interest to Women!]
I Y/^*rX •< C^r^fX-^TTAVVT;^^' BMC embroidery..... 8c ties in BEAUTIFIERS. Who Dam Their Own ' 1
H r/f'.wi s - 'Ja+1+£+* *•;>• •* ye *\l- r ALL# BILK BLACK L ¦ „ «* • a •# *r>* •-• •it
I ¦'width > N5 A -» RI i^5 o> i' Morc cz Ba r 8 ams Awai1 StocKmgs. ||
I .'¦;¦-¦¦-¦ • 25CGEEMAN.S*™ YOU' HCTC /TO-MOITOW. DARN a ER e \fth°S^oo M wh^h 1
B li' y^4 l S-I J f>'ljwl'J^v : ti^-rf'"^ THIMBLES. Our price.. VALENCIENNES LACE, that looks vents needle point from blunting. You H
m >^'. : - ilaylf \ Jld^.-JL-'JK "W^^ O<; like real> but wiU wear better - made t °i car * do twice the work in half the time U
m \a±;' i% -w '*Ht!b* ¦"&9^ '"•'m^ LADIES LINEN COL- best quality thread, all new and pretty wn en using this darner. Within every fl
H- . lL«O!T-«. '£*>?£*. Jf\&** LAR, double-decker, 'designs, one Inch wide, suitable for un- one's reach .....10c «j
W& *,£.'• Jtfrir four-ply linen. Only dermusllns or summer dresses, 12 yards M
S :^Z^ /;.V;V;»»»; :: »-».-e?4c toa-ptece. only. Sue Sensation in Umbrellas. I
| rat People Made Thin Key to Our Success : Full . Next to Nothing. \\»*\ Failure of prominent New |
M .faL By wearing HER . MAJES- ValliP fnr Vniir Mfrnw EMBROIDERY, made on finest lawn *3^«^^^ York firm of UMBRELLA ,|
ffl JP^ TY ' S CORSET. Special sale ai " B 1Or *OUriV10ney. or cambric foundations, with well fin- %>$Mg&' makers whose stock we A
B beginning Monday « and con- ' CHILD'S FERips WAIST, made of ished buttonhole edge, six inches wide, /*S^jr7V_. bought for less than half ]
H V; tinuing throughout the week. b f s t quality Jean, with ' double rows good openwork pattern. Best value iitfRCnLLA9 P ric «r, J^ies and gents. 1
m /'K^ We wish our customers to be- °i, buttons sewn in with shrunk tape, money can buy. - Only. 15c U L^?^7L in all different kinds of 5
H y ' nome better acquainted with which "makes it ! impossible to be torn . w . * „. . han <ps a " d materials. A 1
I'lB^iKMSPmSr JKe^Sff "' S^^-^SSfJSsS SSSSSSS : £ Jvst Half Thcir smfr- JSV! to W them Si 1
l^i^^S^^niSS? 1 *?^-' ¦¦?;?^i^-:^ Real Value." ; T v<n If JSTSF&eiS.^ I
1 mm- Z&3F^£*%r!Z: A Novelty in SilK Vests. W\ a^SS* ».f. IT o? H^ SS^%^ s cio^ b J^^^a°?JS2 1
M < that wears them. Made of Made of the best Amerl- Ul \U Quality checked gingham, natural wood handles, worth 7oc; our M
¦ ..¦•• best Italian Cloth, .new /^liH^v. can silk, Swiss-ribbed »!_! l ul \ len^t h ' good width, price • •29c|
§2 straight front. If you have your corset C \W*Jt\\' neck and arm holes cro- (n£S&s Strings, blue and white or ANOTHER UMBRELLA— It Is a pat- M
a made to order and pay four times' this \\j-( -Js-y cheted, run through with \<H brown and white check. Usu- en t self-opener; touch a spring and It pj
H price, we ask -it wouldn't give you any ; \S3^^/ Bilk tape. It has . an aIly sol(i for 25c> ur V^X,P'' opens by itself. It is made of fast black D
H rnoro satisfaction than this corset. Our «ift15$fflp extension piece at arm selling ..; xZrtC mercerized twill cloth, natural wood R
B price / ...$3.25 wlMlW Which covers the arm »— . u . t r; • j handle. If we didn't buy them at this s|
ra SaleO'Farrell-street Entrance; >MKfflMf • pit, and absorbs the per- IDC IlOUSCKeCpCr S Friend. forced sale we could not offer them at H
II fBflBflL spiration. Physicians rec- tittt- -rom tyvm -KivsmT t Ttnn-tr Tt this price Sl.OO fa
M A WOndCr lOr 50C. •" -' -/mmm w^mi T»h» ,2,?.?^ i contains four packages, diamond eyed Many more In better or In cheaper Eg
1 .V™/W • „ ¦„ i V ' "« v . ««JW» wf L? v^Z 11 / 1 : assorted needles, best quality steel, be- grades, which will be sold in proportion, i
¦ ¦¦¦NEW, G. D.. CORSET/ made of besl,. col pInk ..yWe. vest made; sldes darnIn& nee dles, bodkin and as- \ |
| fast black Sateen, bias cut, hand gored, woman m appreciate them when once sorte ? . sha V l and bonnet plns: bo^ k More Striking ValUCS m Our i
g straight front and rust proof steels, worn. A wonder at this "low price «Oe : complete only •-••••• --Sc "W** *Jir«iillg VU1U» ux UUi ra
|§^||||i||^pSg| Knit to Fit ' 20c a nd2ScH a ndKcrchl e fs A11 .™*»*2?£± mi . 1
H 1x7hM*' *Vto 1 r>*Ain« TiUiTriniTtn* .LADIES' TIGHTS, made expressly for N0W-'9C. lty sIlk « lh ree Inches wide, new fancy ffl
Eg Wnat Uie Leading PnySICianS bicycle or athleUc use; made of the fin- B • x u , . ¦' T „ .. ... corded effects, all new colors. Sola S
m '-?•<»« o* TM« nmMA est Australian, wool, medicated and Pre-eminent Values in Our Handkerchief usually at 20c; now ...lOcl/
I ' Jay 01 lniS BraCe. steam shrunk.. Jersey-ribbed, ankle Department. M\
fl LONG LIFE FOR LITTLE MONET ilK' ¦ iKWn &^ st^ th d r aw We made an exceedingly good buy of Just What YOU Need ffl
i by wearing the ADRIENNE- BRACE. * o ? o n r f: perfect in fl^lnd S!i,S? g: faSt HANDKERCHIEFS from a jobber who JV51 VVnfll X0U «CKU.
JBest special, supporter made. Iri- ' ££& 'r»^. }" .^t^.g^O SS^S %P benefit^ U "^ CUS " COMbTo K?toSS£rt 1
B valuable for. sufferers of weak back . - S^^ 'LADIES' HAND- f^&BSBBSSI hair from your neck |
g and pulmonary troubles. Gives- Something NeW Thg AllCC KERCHIEFS, made HiiiSifl It Is made of best high- |
H the wearer the new military erect- Dnn«i»w»1t rnlI»W W"' * r oi best Quality Swiss ill [«/////// Polished Italian shell. |
H ness of walk. It throws your chest out KOOSCVCIt UOlmf. \& '*.\. . j awn> wIth n g at em _ ""'IHUlH/l/HB" smooth well rounded |
fl and gives your lungs more freedom to .j**^ It is made of best quali- £V-iiiI^«^A broidery, edges seal- _ b k thp , l^,i h q^fl 2SLwhw P Si i
1 breathe Your skirts can be attached /^SJjV.-.ty lawn, tucked, new" dip- %^fe S. ShUy Vm Th^smair! ore^pric^'^SSc I
g to the brace with only a hook and eye, shaped collar, tie ends ]? C^ S° m * t ar \fA ls ™* I?v I
fl thus relieving. the unhealthy pressure on C JS &*& trimmed with white Va- i perceptible All to be DriCCS That Sur^ri^C V?\h\>K%
H the delicate organs of the body.' Comes YjW lenciennes lace with black !' tl sold at the one price rlCC5 * "£i aU *2r™ ValU2S I
H in three different . sizes, boys', misses'. -Etti figure, well made and \ £yr*. *«?J . v o c ThZlt Tell. M
g and ladies'. If all children would wear jA*ctl\ . ,-. neatly. finished; collar lace Displayed in cur Market-street show t at>ttt«!' TfTA,miMn<3 «, a^ a v- c+ K
1 the Adrlenne brace consumption would, SJffi'witnbfack A nov* windSwl . . qu^gr^flaSSSte^fa™^ figure? I
| become unknown. You get your money's (W$ \ J lily at a mo^ reasonable ..../»•?, xm ¦ trimmed with self material or Persian i
fl worth at Rosenberg's for ..81.00 >W L / price ...f. .?!?...::".. 2 5c SomSthmS lor the LlttlC MeH. bands, yoke effect. Kimono sleeves. |
Eft • _ _ " • _ttt,^ n ,v,/,r,'nnTT »t» _ j^ -.# Different colors. Couldn t buy flannel- fca
1 Battcnbcrg Doylies at Less stout - Women, Attention. be D t E ?u P an?£F L^^ ette for price -" "":?**$
I ; Than Usual Cost. ''j^^%^^ t SSS3^i& SSS: t^^K^nmdrnS^ . Pearl Buttons. :>; S
fl we find we have too much of this ¦¦ %&%% Ind toe. fufl length and* extra ' 1 aooear- Made of best quality extra heavy!
H goods on hand and ar^wllling to sacri- wlde; fast black;' soft as velvet; more ; the chiw a Mat • well-Jr^ed app«g . cIear wWte £ * e j |
H.fice .some of our proht to. lighten tha. . than even exchange for your money at ance. Economical • mothers note tms. medium and j^gg 1 slze . On , y>>5 doze e n ' H
fl'stock. 1 * - ~-X* ... *** this price ...2oC Onlv •••• " ou«, . .; ; -.'.-.- 3
I ve B ry- T b^t N ?u E a R ify b^afd? a°if . rt r nffc ftpai nr «n 816 MARKET STREET, * Hems at LiUIe Prices. I
I fancy stitches, 10x10 inches solid Batten- jfir P||v|-l\!Ri-BR . f: , „ nt „ HOOKS AND EYES. ma<(e of' b,,t '
H berg or linen center, with Battenberg Hlr IIBluEll^Di-.llU Running through to 11 0 Farrell. quality japanned wire with improve! 11
fl border. Why ruin your eyesight llUyiiliytllW - *^- J T _„„ __„_ - hump hook to prevent the hook from I
H you can buy ; Battenberg at this -price.... - - ,* Mg,Il Orders' Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. unclasping. Card of 2 dozen only... ,lc |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISBMENTS.
Free trial packages . of a most remark-
ablo remedy are being. mailed to all who
will write to the State' Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for,. years against the mental and physi-
cal sufferings ,of lost ' manhood" that nhe
Institute'-" has ¦; decided .to distribute free
trial f packages s to . all ,who ; write. It is a
home treatment, and air men ,who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing I from' youthf ul > folly,*- premature loss
> of ; strength and memory,' weak - back, va-
ricocele or : emaciation ; of • parts can .now
cure themselves at. home. '-' ., '¦¦-;¦.-.¦;:¦¦
The. remedy "has a peculiarly- grateful
effect "of warmth and seems to act direct
to the " desired', location,' giving strength
and development just where it Is "needed.
It ¦ cures -.¦ all ; * the , ills '<¦¦ and i troubles that
come from years , of misuse of the natural
. functions and " has been *. an absolute s suc-
cess in all .cases. A request. to the. State
Medical Institute/ 328' Elektron'. building,
Fort .Wayne,' Ind. , stating that you desire
one'of; their free Urlal -packages, ; will be
[complied with promptly.; The Institute is
desirous i of \ reaching that ; great ; class of
men who are : unable to leave home to ' ba
; treated, and - the, free samples will ; enable
i them' to see ' how; easy • it is to i be cured- of
sexual weakness^ when': the ' proper reme-
dies i are < employed.v 4 The Institute ( makea
no restrictions. ; Any man who 'writes .will
be^sent a free; Eample," carefully^ sealed in
aAplaln package, 1 so that its recipient need
have ; no < f ear v of embarrassment . or j pub-
licity. '^Readers .are "requested -to wiite
without '.delay. • _ t" ¦'/"'.' :-':'.r ¦'¦¦-<:
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Packape Sent by Mail
SENT FREE TO MEN!
(iuiekly-Restopes Lost {Vigor
;-;"^. •..'¦•¦¦*. to" Men. ;^v
A Most Remarkable Remedy TJi it
The sboTeli a portrait. of Dr. J. M. Peeblev
rbo through fifty years of experimentation and
•tudy hasmade discoveries that promise health
snd strength to all. At the age of 80 he is as
healthy and rigorous a* most m<>n of 30, and he
says all <-*n commend their health. If . tBey
but will. Thp Doctor has wrttten a book called
•A Messape of Hope" for the sole purpose of re-
realltig to suffering . humanity the hidden - pow-
ers tbat ar»» po«M8»ed by all aad explaining to
them the wondprful Bvetcm of treatment which
he has perfected. This book gires you. the key
to jH-rf^ct health and happiness. Among th«
thousands of cases cured. by this wonderful sys-
tem of treatment ere the paralytic, also these
BuftVriuff from ¦ Bright'* disease, consumption,
ratarrb, stomaeb : and bowel - troubles. < nerrous
debility, rbenm.it ism, heart disease, female
troubles. Ills, neuralria, bladder trouble, dropny,
ecwma, blood disorder*, plies,, asthma, - In. fact
all chronic troubles. So sure is the Poctor that
his treatment will cure all chronic dlsensea'tbnt
he has Instructed the Institute of ¦¦ which he is
pb TBieian-in-ohief to gire to every » reader, of
The Bulletin who 1« in poor health one week's
treatment free, postage paid, In order to demon.
strate to them tbat health Is within their grasp
Write at once, addressing Dr. Peebles Institute
of Health, Battle Creek, r Mich., drawer I» 11,
ftatlog. your troubles, • that tljey may prepare a
special treatment to fit your exact condition.
Tliry willalso mendiyau their book, "A MeggajCB
€.i Hope,", explaining fully their grand system. of.
trratmeut and afall diagnosis of your case vilti
their professional adyfc g, . •
XO THE PUBLIC.
I hare been wonder-*
0*¥ : vtMk fulIy cure d ot fits and of
e»f£*"*Sf7 hip troul.le by th» fa-
VvJ J tnous herb doctor, Wcng
ySS&fS f Him, of 1X5-117 Mason
%Z&Q f dead 'when I^Vame^to
iggwr / him and the flti I had
,*£*2?~^>V^ wer# dreadful, but I am
yXS£r*7*^ J^%^ •njoylng perfect health
;^..'>?fe» now. 1 can tell "any one
*fS££»*i5[^5a» «* the w. nderful curei
be has made for me.
I came from Meridian, Sntter County. Cat., to
Dr. Wcne Him and he has cured me of «U1 mj
eilments. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTY.
Meridian. Sutter County. CaL .
January a, 1902.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 6, J&00. — To whom
Jt may concern : Tbls is to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason tt., San Fran'
risco, baa cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism. cvA I am happy to make thu
rt&tement, as I find tb« Doctor ttrlctly hones:
In every sense of the word, and an honorab:*
man In alt hli dealings. DR. C. A. GAY,
DectlEt, 902 Second ave., Seattle. Wash.
December 15, 1800..— This is to certify that I
was Mifferins for fifteen years from Bright' a
disease of the kidr.eyt and a tumor on my left i
i-'.de. I tried a number of doctors and variout '
maples without affording tne any relief. That
six months ago I applied < to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason tt., San Francisco, and now
after ctz months of bis treatment I am entirely
cured and !n perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other-
tuSTerers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this in person to acy ona that may
rail upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN ALUANSON,
Orchard eve..' Elmhurst, AlanWa County. Cat.
S3i»eiM 1 £#iri TER ' a CWCUSH
/M\j£$jL ¦» CHICHESTEK'H 12* G US II
¦jVi «Vj hf-ctramf wu;wtircti™,.» and Imlta.
I / (}} tiann. V.aj 5f ronr IJ^rji-.t. or (+nit Ar. 11
\ f? ••* Rc'**T for l-n.1 1 e<s" 11 Urrer, tt ro.
-A>^_i' tvrn Mall. I «».<»»•» i«::cisr.u>-. trtiht
•i—ZTTti. »1 r<rt£tiiM. 4 hlrhcut^r* hn leal C*,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND "WASHINGTON 1 STS.— RE--
modcled end renovated. KING, ; VVAHD &
¦ CO. European {jlap. Kooms. 50c to $l l 60 day;
».' to $8 week; (8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; .fire prates In '
even' room; elevator runs ail night.
One Week's Treatment Free to All. 1
manently Curing Thousands of
Cases Formerly Thought ¦''•
Incurable.
World Rejoices at the Discovery of
a System or Treatment That Is Per-.
HEHLTH IESTIIB.
JOE EOSENBEBG'S. '
ADVEKTISEUEICTS.
JOE B<
JOE BOSENBEBG'S.
JOE- EOSENBEBG'S.
i Why Mot 6g ¦
STAY CURED.
j 0. C. JOSLEN, M. D.,
P THE LKADLVG SPECIALIST.
1 Makes Cores That ire
I PERMANENT.
II FOR 15 TEARS AT HEAD OF HIS
j PROFESSION'.
Varicocele.
J.. fr ?P an:y wwcr. and even Iif4
1 i^ lf by allowir -S ths disorder to re-
9 " acure J 1 - Varicocele results from
a partial iiaraSysla of the delicate nerve
I nbers that have a part In controllins
i local circulation of the blood, Thi
S muscular coatlnsr of the veins, beinx
J cej.nved of nervous communication and
• control, become Inactive, weaken anJ
g reUx. The blood vessels expand from
Ithe pressure within, the circulation ¦ ia
the parts becomes slus^lsh, and fre-
quently stagnant pools form in little
nooks and pockets that constantly en-
large as the relaxation continues. The
possibility exist* that clots may form
in these stagnant pools and then pass
o"t ,J n to the general circulation.
Should one find lodgment in a valve
of the heart the result might be in-
stant death, or should it be carried to
the brain, general paralysis would fol-
low.
I ruarantee to cure varicocele in one
week by a method that involves no
cutting-, no ligature, no caustic. Xo
H other physician employs a like method,
[1 ana so thorough is my work that there
I need .not be the sliehtest fear of a ;
j relapse into the old condition. Thcs»
3 who nave been Ions afflicted wit 1 *
3 varicocele will never realize the in-
i Jury -It has caused until they feel the
vim, eneriry and buoyancy cf spirits
that a complete cure will bring.
"Weakness"
lty treatment for functional weak-
ness is original with me, and is the
only scientific and certain method be-
ing: employed. It is based upon abso-'
3 lute knowledge as to underlying con-
ditions, and conforms to every require-
ment essential to a thorough and last-
ing cure. Contrary to the popular be-
lief, weakness is not a nervous ail-
ment, but is a result of disorders pure-
ly local. Its successful treatment calls
; for utmost skill and the most delicate
prescribing. I employ no electrical or
mechanical contrivances, nor do I ex-
cite functional activity by the use of
etimulants or tonics. I treat by a
1 local process, such es no other physi-
cian employs, and one that cannot fail
to restore tie full degres of strength
and visor.
Contracted Disorders.
In these instances no language is too
strong to emphasize the importance of
i prompt and careful treatment. Cas?s
i that have been neglected or only par-
tialiy cured are almost certain to s?t
up inflammation in the prostate gland, S
v.hich in time becomes chronic and in-
terferes with the natural functions.
Through my Ion* experience treating \
these dteeases I have devised methods s
1 that not only cure soundly and per- 1
I manently, but cure in less time man 1
|i the best of other treatments require. j
CT Taku no chances. Do not risk your |
B health and manhood by relying on pat-
Hi cnt nostrums or uncertain method*:, it;
JM You are absolutely secure whi-n you W j
H entrust your case to me. j
I Stricture. j
L My method of curing Stricture is I
I new and entirely original. No cutting
{ or dilating. The stricture is dissolved
K yand completely removed, and all af-
J fected membranes thoroughly cleansed. J
r I cure all allmonta to which males
H are subject. My pamphlet, "Live All
t Your Years a Man," gladly mailed to j
r you. Consultation free and conflden- a
J tial, eltherMn person or by mail. All.
I correspondence returned upon request. *
I Dr. O. C. Joslen
L J049 Market Street, I
H Diagonally Opposite Hibernia Bank, p '¦
|1 SAN FRANCISCO. ' fa j
Poison OaK
If you are subject to poi- '
son oak, you ought to have (
• a bottle of Halpruner's '
Poison Oak Cure on hand
at all times.
. Halpruner's Poisoji Oak
Cure applied to the affected
parts instantly removes the
pain and discomfort and.
cures up the annoyance.
Halpruner's Poison Oak
Cure is sold by all druggists
at 40c and. 75c a bottle— be
sure you get Halpruner's — ,
don't allow the dniRKists to
talk you out of it.
Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co,
.28 California Street.
j SAN FRAN'CISCO.
¦-'¦'- -V. .All goods marked in plain figures. \Spe
cial 10 per cent discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays.. Leibold Harness •: Co., 211
Larkin street. KMBsCC'V"" *.'¦'-'
Big Sale of Harness.
L BERLIN, .April 12.— Andrew , D. White,
the United -States Ambassador to Ger
many, will return here from the Riviera
April . 19 and has planned ' to" visit" the
United • States in ' August. Charlemagne
Tower,' the .United States Embassador to
Russla.-has arrived here from St. Peters
burg. .;'*.!.¦.. •: .-_¦¦" •'¦».
Embassador .White Plains Visit.
Meanwhile the warehouse of the-Wash
ington Ice Company, had caught 'fire, and
before the flames were subdued $5000 dain-
CHICAGO, April 12.— After extinguish
ing ten fires yesterday,- most of them
close together and apparently - of incen
diary origin, the firemen of South Chi
cago at daybreak to-day were called upon
to contend with the most serious of' the
large number of blazes.
The first of this morning's fires con
sumed a barn containing several horses.
St. Patrick's Church* came next and 'was
destroyed before; the firemen could reach
it. Scarcely had they, reached the church
when they were called to. fight a" danger
cus-looklng fire at Wlllard Sons' and Bell
Forge Works. After a hard fight here the
flames were checked.
The oir situation continues to.be full of
Interest. The Standard Oil Company has
ho# frhore' than \ twenty-nve ? miles ot ¦; its
eight-Inch; pipe '•¦ for l ' the / line' between
Bakersfleld and , Point Richmond .strung
out In the Intervening country and ' more
than- sixty; miles 'of -V the pipe ha3 Ibeen
received i from Ihe East. The work on the
line-; is progressing ; rapidly. :-Tho- general
estimate of .the i tlrrie !: needed '' to lay' all
the pipe is-about four months. but;the
refinery .' at ' Point 5 Richmond : will : not *; be
completed', until.' some' time .later. Some
additional idea of the extent o£ the Stand
ard's v operations linU the California^ field
may i be - gained ¦:. from , the statement thdt
fifteen' 50,000 i barrel - storage tanks are be
ing 'constructed J at ' Point . Richmond. : The
pipe line will, be about 276 miles long.-iThe
machinery for; the pumping stations < to be
placed ' at twenty-ftve-mlle. intervals along
Combine Adds Some
More Large Concerns i
to Its Holdings.
Incendiary Begins Reign
of Terror in South
j Chicago.
OIL COMPANIES
SHOW ACTIVITY
FIRES STARTLE
THE CITIZENS
*; Another,' matter) of ; to -the : own
ers ' of * oil; properties^ north -,of =TehachapI
. The general situation continues to sho w
signs of great improvement.'. In the south
the conditions > are decidedly .better than
they. were a few months ago. -For, a" time
surplus oil,' accumulating. at Los Angeles,
sobered „ the , expectations of •. the well
owners .very , decidedly.^ Curtailment.: of
drilling . operations ,, naturally, .'resulted.
Had this not i happened . there would prob
ably, have been a surplus of at least 150,000
barrels of oil in Los Angeles by.tho 1st of
June,- 1902. 'There is probably t something
like 100,000 barrels on storage in' the south
ern % metropolis. ; The ;;": Oil • Storage and
Transportation Company .has 80,000 to.So,
000 barrels stored. The Los r Angeles Her
ald reports that of this amount the Stand
ard . Oil Company : has bough t abou t 50,000
barrels, v paying, 35; cents for it,- to ship to
Arizona'- under -contracts ;to^ supply ' min
ing plants '• with '• the . cheap fuel. . So ' there
is. hope at Los -Angeles that,' with the
Standard ,O\\ Company's ." purchase : taken
out,*- the i remaining \ surplus can Ibe ¦ mar
keted .during^; the; summer. ;. ; . .',,.; -„•„,
No less interest attaches to, the progress
of . the Associated Oil . Company. Despite
the attacks of its enemies and of som§
.who .stood" to bene,fit under the old:con
ditions, the Associated • Oil I Company con
tinues . to gather, in : the , individual , coni
panies,- which are -fused': with-it- and lose
their identity; in the great $40,000,000 homo
corporation. The company ¦ is reaching
out for contracts • and , Is getting them.
Among the companies more recently com
ing in with < the ; Associated Oil Company
are: the.'. Red- Bank, Missouri, Cortez-. and
Kansas 'City companies." ; : \
Adds to Its Strength.
the entirs route has beeri constructed and
is en the. way here from the East. /•- ,'"
: 'A demented boy; supposed to be a pyro
manlac, is said by several residents
to have been seen at • all the fires.
He is about 17 years old and wears a red
sweater and- derby haU: Three residents
say that they could identify -him if they
tee him again. Their, description tallies
in each- case and- the police, aro looking
for him. - . :-.. ,\ •>.:•....•-. ¦ . .
The financial loss in the fires of yester
day aggregated $20,000/ Evidence of incen
diarism was so > convincing that : citizens
joined the 1 police. in patrolling the streets
In, an effort to guard property and cap
ture the firebugs. In spite of the extra
precautions, however, to-day's fires wore
started. Citizens were bewildered ¦> at the
attack and daylight was -welcomed -with
preat relief.- , . ._. ¦••¦...
The to'ial loss of this morning's fires ia
put at $30,000. As the buildings were not
near each other the firemen declare that
the fires were the work of an Incendiary.
The people of South Chicago were greatly
alarmed by the rapid work of the fire
bug and a careful watch Is being kept
to-day. v -.
age had been done. The Calumet "Thea
ter came next, .sustaining. $10,000 damage
before. the fire was extinguished. A four
story structure having a feed store on
the ground floor and dwelling above was
discovered 1 to be burning before the thea
ter fire was put out. Two families es
caped in their night clothes. The build
ing • was . destroyed. During this interval
Nicholas Schroeder's saloon had ,¦ burned
down. • : '
- Heretofore it has -been considered ; that the
developments • at McKlttrick. Midway and Sun
aet are • on a line, but the dusters that were
encountered In- the effort to carry out this
theory has shown that there, is something
wrong In the calculations that have hereto
fore been made. It is evident that ; the Sun
set ¦ and ¦ Midway formation is continuous, but
it 13 equally certain that the McKittrtck devel
opment la on an entirely different formation."
It is shown, however,; that -the -oil. stratum 'at
McKittrick is not confined to the. territory al
ready developed and the extension is .being
proven by the Belgium, the Monarch of Cali
fornia and : the . "1001,"' : , and It ie now the
theory of those • who = have given the subject
the mest thought that the McKittrick forma
tion parallels the Sunset-Midway belt, then
being - a distance betwen them - of about six
miles.: The Aroostook is to test' this theory,
and ; its - location . on section 2 is , some ' twelve
miles from McKittrick and nine- miles from
Sunset: T!he ¦ company will put i down . a well
to >¦ a considerable depth it necessary. There
is 'a .blowout on section 11 that -is one of .the
largest In the county, and, the. pas that es
capes . from , it is in such quantities as to ren
der ¦ existence in ; the Ivicinity very uncomfort
able. '^pllBMBBMhMQM
Is the" proposition made, by the Aroostook
Crude Oil Company to determine whether
the oil -belts of McXittrick and the Sun
set-MIdway, are identical.. ..The company
has bought the De Groot outfit at Tem
blor and will proceed to operate .with this.
The Eakersfleld Calif ornian ' says : '
EUREKA, April 12.— From Burnells
comes word that a crew is already at
work at that point clearing the right of
way for the extension of the Eel River
and Eureka Railroad. As yet the plans
of the company are not known, but the
report is current that the road .will at
once be extended eight miles up Van Du
ren River, opening a magnificent redwood
district. It is believed this company will
Join the Pacific Lumber Company's line
and extend a railroad into Scotia.
Railroad Building in Humboldt.
"Under the law of the church Lowther
has forfeited his right to appeal by con
tinuing to preach after he had been con
victed and expelled from the ministry
He is still a member of the Methodist
church and has no authority to tireach
or exercise ministerial functions."
"WICHITA, Kans.. April 12,-The Rev.
Granville Lowther, who was convicted
cf heresy at the recent session of the
Southwest Kansas Conference of the
Methodist church and who has announced
his determination to appeal the case, can
not have that privilege, according to the
statement of the Rev. W. H. Rose, who
was junior counsel for Lowther during
the trial, and is now pastor of the church
at McPherson lately served by the de
posed minister. Rose said:
of Heresy, Is Denied the
. Privilege.
Bev. Grftnville Lowther, Convicted
METHODIST PBEACHEB
CANNOT MAKE APPEAL
Postmaster Generalship Sent
to Senate.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The Presi
dent to-<3ay sent to the Senate the follow
ing nominations:
Treasury— William L. Kessinger, Sur
veyor of Customs for the port of Kansas
City. Mo.
Justice— Walter T. Bums, United States
District Judge, Southern District of
Texas; James W. Ownby, United States
Attorney, East District of Texas.
Interior: Registers of land offices—An
gus J. Crookshank, at Los Angeles, Cal.;
John W. Dudley, District of Columbia, at
Juneau, Alaska. Receiver of Public
Moneys— Patrick M. Mullen, Nebraska, at
Juneau, Alaska.
P.obert J. Wynne of Pennsylvania, First
Assistant Postmaster General.'
irame.cf Wynne for First Assistant
FBESIDENT N0]ffIU"ATES
MO BE FEDEBAL OFFICEBS
The principal matter decided in to-day's
opinion is that the provision of the stat
~me which declares that forest reserve lieu
selections can only be made on vacant
lands refers to the physical condition of
the iand. and prevents the selection of
lands which are occupied for mining or
any other purpose, even though no entry
of them has been made at the local land
office. . - , .- ... •
The very great attention which has been
given to the examination of authorities
relating to these cases, and the elaborate
and painstaking manner in which the
final decision has been prepared, indicates
that the policy and opinion of the Interior
Department may be now considered as
finally hetUed. . .
The decision announced to-day adheres
upon every point to the one heretofore
named. It elaborates the discussion of
tome questions, cites additional authori
ties upon others and discusses and refutes
such new arguments as were presented in
support of the motions for review.
Similar action will be taken in the Gray
Eagle oil case as soon as the decision can
be copied, which will be Monday or Tues
day of next week.
On account of the value of the land in
controversy and of the general Importance
of the Questions presented Assistant At
torney General Van Devanter permitted
oral arguments upon the motions for re
view and granted to the opposing parties
time within which to file further briefs.
Because of the pendency of a somewhat
similar case in the United States Court
of Appeals at San Francisco further
briefs before the Interior Department
were net filed until two or three months
ego. Since then the whole Question has
been gone over carefully by the Assistant
Attorney General, with the result that a
decision upon the motion for review in
the Kern oil case has been prepared ami
was to-day approved by the Secretary of
the Interior, fully adhering to the former
decision.
After the principal decisions almost a
year ago the lieu land selectors filed a
motion for review in each 'case, accom
panied by extended printed briefs.
The case of the Kern Oil Company
against Clarke and the Gray Eagle Oil
Company against the same party, Involv
ing lands in the Visalia land district in
California, were decided by the Secretary
against the lieu land selectors almost a
year ago. Upon the one hand the lands
in controversy were claimed by Clarke
under a forest reserve lieu land selection,
and on the other they were claimed by
the two companies named under placer
mining locations made to secure mineral
cils in the lands.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
VT.. WASHINGTON. April 12.— The lieu
land selectors, or "scrippers," are again
unsuccessful, for the Secretary of the In
terior to-day decided against them.
Epeclal Dispatch to Tho Call.
Judgment Rendered a Year Ago in
the Oil Company Controversy
Adhered To by the "Wash
ington Authorities.
Question of Forest and Min
eral Land Location
Settled.
Secretary of Interior De
cides California
Cases.
SCRIPPERS
MEET WITH
NEW DEFEAT
THE SA^ FRANGISCO GALL, .^SUNDAY, 13, 1902.
23
Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters,
Try a few doses of this won-
derful medicine in the spring
when ycu feel run-down, tired
and nervous. It is the best
spring medicine known to sci.
ence, and will purify the blood,
and build lip the system. It
also cures Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
La Grippe, Malaria, Fever "and
Ague. Dcn*t fail to try it. Our
Private Stamp is over the neck
of the bottle.
ADVEELTISEMENTS.
Missouri Pacific Limited
The Finest Service to the
East Yia Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily.
San Francisco to St. Louis.
- Personally conducted excursions rla tbts
rente to Chicago. New York. ¦ Boston ¦ and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
information address
I*. M. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast Afeat.
120 California it. San FrancUco. CaL .
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 0
Shuseum of ahatohy;
0 Cfi 1551 SA2233 Sl.iiet. 6A* Ws, 5.7.01, £
\ . ,C The Larcnt Acatomictl Museum ia the \
H B(n>k' Vocid. Weaknes»e» or an/ enntracted A
%. *»«»«. •• ! »«"»*«y«»e«iny the oldsst f
© jf K S , I bpeculist oa ihe Co*sl E»l 30 years. • ©
0 tfjSi 3 CR * JORDAH-DISEASES CF MEN 0
1 f CoiKnltitioa free and stiirtly pri«te. \
8 1 j6^«Bl T"* tIne; <t pertonally or by letter. Ad
' \ fl W V H .f*MWn>« Cur« in every caso andertaken. \
m9lt ' O Writs for Book, rniLCiUPIlY »jf A
™ If I v ¦*nBU«E, MAILSD FREE. fAT
i variable book for mm) \.
f DB.Jor.DAX A CO.. 1051 ATarfcst St.S. P. f
Weekly CaU.Sl.00 per Year
| f Zephyr Ginoham Sale ]\ r~ ' Watch 1h* "Talking S^^ ?^ Summer Catalogue ?: J
%. \ Commences Tuesday. \\ The large sales, /m^- jl-a jc*' : * ¦ } " r; S^ U 1 ' X* i£ .The clothing is I Sent Free to Country. \ jj
I R82inB*g*4lf2*iBBg**Z those ju|t preceding V^ 7 ;^T ¦ ¦.¦' :i/^'.:^ .-r: ¦ J ¦ .^ ' • ' pa«erns_ and styles. IRfaGihiFs&folPBt*^ 1
«f" BM€BBtn9MWW*8B&B&& Easter, have greatly /^$ ¦¦ ¦ '¦'¦"¦ Aid ~:0.\ ¦ . JB H^ ' & • v ? n you ave *W***&" " €8E#aB*L0& *
We have closed out 2oco pairs of decimated many lines of men's and §j, |§i/^!kfg H^ Illil a'ready bought a summer suit, you will The lowest quotations in the city \g
¦*•* white and colored California Blankets, boys,' clothing, furnishing gJods and B.E.H. MT^ift il *L_ M H I. M.B.4^E.H.l.a ffl^^4^ want another when you see these beau- for four of the most expensive and j|
J^ from enc of our local mil's, at less than hats. To these assortments of o d .... !$& 9 ties —^$15 worth for, $7. 40. It is the beautiiul weaves in novelty wash dress 5f
J£ to-day's cost of manufacture ./ Th:se siz:s and brok:n lets. h >ve been : addei «"Ef ¦ : '¦ 4& ¦ tirqe to buy Ihc boy's vacation ivit— goeds. Tj
fc" arc the finest wool and best make, and several large special purchases, all of /Jh j& 4 lr§* s&^k S*^ iSL fully cne-third off now if we have his New Grena&ms— The real English make, "in 3
t' are priced to sell at retail at less than which will be paced on sale this week Eg i JM | J% Gk f\ /111 || W®J\jL^h sizr, and we are sur: to have it in some «U U«k, b'ack and whit,, bbck and colored .J
J we could buy them for to-day. at prices so ridiculously low as to »:-. ltWi.W'ill 1U ; Vt tVy V«-.-- oae „,' ao^of thennmooui offer- . . /""f "'" .^ cfo • |
5 10-4 Gray Blankets (cotton wa'fp), pair . . . sure their clearance before closing time . : . ' • ings.- The hats and furnishing goods are New Zephyr j— Lace weave, Vffecti awted for X
K ..$2*5O next Saturday night. . ' ' • "' V - "¦' y . cquaUy as desirable bargains. Read on. Spring and Summer 1902, rich colorings, 33 *
\ Xi-4 White Bankets, 5-lb. weight $2.98 ' : : .- \. inches wide, yard . . .... . . 4jo k
it Best wool Gray Biank^s fc. W ei^^ $W (o $f 7.50 Suitsfor $7.40. Men's Unlauiielered Hats and Gaps. ¦ |
J Fine White" Blankets,' 6 lbs! ! weight $5.95 . YOUr UlireSerVed Choice Of mianV 7 SG ShlrtS B3Cm '¦',', ¦' : 'Comrnencing-Mon- rortment from. ; SCo tO G5C yard 5
•• 8-lb. Gnj All-wool Blankets, pair $ 6> 5J f \ 'u,, n AraAc- AAcVi 'c Quifc- Vir<-\rf K * ¦. \ r« A n ,.r. ii.*™ : m . T "X day. and duriog" the :. f . \ Sikard linsn Batiste — The real imported J»
\ Extra White Lamb'. Wool Blanke* 8 lbs. /__\ hundreds Ot Men S bUltS.^WOrth $10.00, a 5° <J°«n ¦ ll f { i-. ( \ make, plain linen color, very sheer, from J«
| .«5g»»t " $7.45 ; £Zxr~^ $12.5-0, $15.00 and $17.50- each, :^^^^i^^^^^S^-r SOTtmea{: P { ° ed l!zes A~-^M ' '' " ' ' 3O ° to 7So v UPd $
I X-r- —^ : W'f irrespective, of cost and value beginning l^.te —- — — ~-l S
7 v . ¦ : ¦ . ->» l\rt^,^.j^.. — '_¦ j j:.' '1 re-eniorccd back and • ' : ¦ \ Vv ... ..«.^,/-. FTf'Tr i"v »_
I Newest Silks JtlR S '^ ftont 7< b010 "!l ?^l^S«^°f Wl Bedding Specials. |
5? At Popular Prices. ' /<^\)^- T ~^^^^f^ ln S * IS SaIe :.! HS?*3w ! I hM W <*«< <° MM Jt-'h To-morrow on. y , a sak of the |
Jf Crepe de Chine— s4-inches wide, extra heavy /\ ' % c -'^^ , ¦ <j£ **%& J&ffl tector and back; bet- . " . ; \\IJ I «fr*. d <• r i H f _ //A >^fV^C. bettpr clas3 bleached sheets, well made, §
jtf quality, soft rich crepe effect, com plete line / \ 1*^"^: <3^ J$f £&*&%& ter shirts cannot b= | // N7. " Cl ', an ° : ° „* ¦'(( J^Sr^S- scrviceab'e goods, at lcS3 than mill k
if of colors and »n exceptional vaue, at, yard . / I ' ' §B ' '" P roduced > would be J^jL^/j ; ; black only- the Fedo- \Z^ V V^Cl/ cost of material. • , • 5
I Gu'JanfeedTaKeVs-O^r^lebrat'ed'g?^ , °\ ¦ . ' ' v^T^c/the . «'^ black., browns, 54 -bch Bleached Sheets (,'mg'e beds), each . J
i ' q ' These suitsare the oi >;^^
K S^ri^CT^^SJS . §2 -.°\.-A a ver y ]^^ purchase— Spring and ....... ..\.. . J'eao S
| wove, in .elvedgeo^ery yard. l^ A Of |
i Silk Greradnes-^inchTll^ black Grena- \T % W^f^^^^^^^^? A . \ S
| dine, plain and striped effects, in many differ- Vl . , W^^?^^'^^ „ „ J. J
* ct designs, per yard. ... . . $UOO HV (J ' J cffe^> ovcr P la jds, checks and matures. Some **„„«* ' " Eoys' Go f Caps-Sizes to 6^, plain Rare VafueStiJ S
X Va$h Silks— This is the season that wash silks ; V I I double breasted coats among- them; not a suit IN^U BsOyS '¦ ' : Af ' t \ ic Ts*hle*W2*—e* •«
tf has the greatest demand. A new import.- ' /^L / in the lot but what is good value at $ I O.OO-^ Fj\- ' Oma*S*ll* IRn ' ' ** ' ' o .7 [¦ ' . J
* tioa that arrived last wtek came at a most \ 7/ \\ ' fior-n* nnnn Artrn* nf fh>m roftrr U « Tr «« -«J / ' \ f^V%Src8MM& MOLm : Replenish yotir china closet this week. Every S
g in the best qualities for summer cuing waists, // | ¦ and during this sale ....... .^#0^MJ/-f ';} duck and we!l made and fin- Men's Natural Wool Shirts and Drawers, good «ted « th« excepuonal offering, which clcrer J
I y " d ' 50 ° > J • ¦ y aU *h<*> SuSi* ** ff« "' H m&&&-!*?& weight, nicely made and finished, nice sightly -««-- -ake for Monday and th^, ,>g
tt II I) uOUWttS ijilifS 3*4r«O&» • \ / and while qinntity lasts (siz:s ' • . . s ., wccit " . §
E ~ I I a,i ,1 j Ji •'- I. r \ / 3 and 4 only, remember), per excellent weanng Ji.oo garments, on special S
5 AAmm^au CaJTm *»#" ' // I ' All small and Odd lots left over from the \ - ¦'/ ; pair ' sale beginning Monday, each. . -,-« /^ ..• >v S
I . Monday Sale of . I Jgfeb^ine^fbVyounVm ..f.. g . ./:... .69c uh^"\ I
J ROOGrS TahfewariS. I I // \ d • of age; blue cheviots, nobby stripes in blue arid „*. • . . ¦ ¦-¦- " ; ,, *, r , . v o , L • tt j iS» &l j ' S
| A,l, Vfc ,^w^. U/ V^«««. "*•*¦* SO. value,,. Monday .'id M^sit^Siei^K I
»£ Rogers Spoons, Forks and Kmves, guaranteed \~\ >«--> while this sale continues ...... £»£> Men s Fancy Hosiery— • on special sale beginning Monday, ,__ , QcT*?- ca- W \r
Jk* full standard p'ate of silver, oa 21 per cent V~J mp'fcrj ggffi In. bluss and blacks, C*rlj?J|= I RljTTl 3 each ... . . SSG J^F^l^^t^^^ %
Boys' Vest Suits— Forages 3 to 15 SSilOr SiMitS ' • *« ch and °P sn work ySMl\ YW ' ¦ \ ' '"' '
if &5^3Z=={ ) years; ccat, vest and knee pants; blue cheviot - . ¦ 2?" ! effects, on special ta'e / )f Affan'e C/tflne $9 99 Dinner Set of the ce'ebrated American Beauty «
- -*^>s and handsome matures; our regular f 5.00 Gitf tO $2.1S , begmmng Monday,/^/. If, WB&1M & jiBWIUGS &£*&£. Iem i- F orce]ain (as white and thm as china), »
5 x^^ f values; Monday and curing the continuance ... ' P er P air - • • Q*9f* ' I ' SK Wc fcavc gathered to- 51 pieces, enough for six people, not the S
h' V^«e-^=^s^ H. J of this sale your choice J3$& Thes: pretty v<*<7 S£\ »,*.• W ' - ; ~)i)lr~\ / JV*/1\ E«her the odds and small sie pieces that many dealers will show «5
V js^L^r-^ " ' .<r=^^ for . *& Kj> G < H£'i~& Sailor SuitJ for J&?tt\ AT 1 ¦ m* v _ C ualt y Jy/\J \r/>ArX/ \' ' ends of moje than a yon, but a sufficiency of platters, large vegs- 2
ft ' <J :^== b ovs , t0 lo &$?% ¦. J y n^6'J ' V^ aco 1 .y arn 1 Hon 1 e , r >'7", /%/'/ \ / t/H A /\ . doren different lines of table dishes, soup tonreen, etc., a daintily S
5 nickel si ver tass, and warranted to g-ve entire summer patterns, regularly $ 3 .co and 4-oo- cheviot or blue / ,) . ./& tale » feg.nnm o Mondiy, per pair ...M SZm Lz SS J& / J this year, of which foronly 1f?mMB9f%M «
g satisfaction. • Monday and while this sale continues your serge; Strict'y ( "' VV ; Mat's FlannctetlC N i 0 h t fjT^^' the only szes we have Same set, in plain white, for six .. £6. OO 5
£ aoo sets Teaspoons (six), at ..... 83C choice for tf&^iC'fl? all Wool, co'- V -4^ JC/ H'\". * h r ftS— Nice quahy flanne'ette, medium lj\ i^ r left in stock are 6^, Perhaps you have broken pieces .n your pres- g
fcT 200 sets Table Kuiv« (six), at. . . S3. 66 .-...'... . *pj&,a<&& ,, rt U ra ;j^J // weight, cut full tize .nd well made, a sample • *^ 7, 7}i, 9>2, 10 and ent set that should be replaced. Hcr= are some £
K »oo sets TabhForKs (six) at; . .$166 V 1 a r s braided \ / / , f , ine b s ; /? tff|/r> on special Ea , e _ ._ 10^ shofS worth up t £ 6 . O3 per and pnee hina on K para te pieces: n J
h it dwt. Table Kn : ves ( set :of six^ £133 ¦ '* Wltn clthcr .- A // / ' to-morrow, each . . . . . . . VBC offer you your choice, if you can wear any of 10-inch Dinner Plates, per dozen . .$1.30 S
5 :'^ * .'V^' /^^> BOYS' LaUli- b!ackorwh ; te \JN H* o ~9~ t~S4S~t U^~*l, n ~ above «*¦*> on Monday _ o oo 9^-bch Breakfast Plates, per dozen . $1. 20 ' X
5. rfrip.dE..! r°4 . . $i.2s •*< S2.S0 |^?-= v u 9 iu> . . . ........ .:: .... &<£• fa?;- .-.-¦•.-. :-.•;¦¦: ¦¦:'. :27a ** 37a"ip«uioK p &i:' ¦ "The Conqueror" 2
S Y^i. . .-.$ 4» to so loo ¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ i — — ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ — — ; — ; — and Other New Books. $
'5 Pv? w^®«f^?fww W§™mim ¦"M*tonlaMiig Offering of Astonishing Offering of C\ «2*T«S'5££ 1 5 > ( £l" c S-- |
I ™™«Z™^?;fZr iS3 : 00 Best Floss Cushions. ; Pique Glace Kid Gloves. ffitSSlfeW^^^f J
if 25o 9 49c, 85c <^^^ in jjg^^ . - On Monday, only-— 1500 of the best,.- ;purest^ clean- On Monday en* y- — 1 2 co Pairs of the $1.25 Quality Pub. Our .«
Water-proof B aided Siik Lines . ..... X^T^/^\ est Floss Cushions, in five different s'zes, will^ be ' offired Glace Kid GICV2S for 79c; a fac-simile or the " Th e Conqueror"-Ger- Prlce V Prlce * %
k* ,>c.-.-- • • • • -650,700,750 S>^ _lT J^%&r at special sale for fully a quarter less • than the ordinary original "Derby" G'.oves; made to outwear the / ( /¦' trude Atherton........ J1.50 §1.20 2
i BasiUnts-On S o-y«rd block- y^^T^^\ every-day prices. This is the^ biggest and .best Cushion ordinary' $1.50 cable-sewn kid gloves; the I ¦ KV By* Sou's" ..f.^f.." 1.23 1 OO *
X Price.. ..lie 4 Cc 50c 55c 60c ha vc ever yet made: ..•,.-:• thumbs are doub e stitched, fingers pique sewn; 1 0U |fc\ 1.50 1.20 *
S Three-foot Single Gut Leaders-3 for 5c 5c I Sxi 8 inch for .. ..^O inches, for ;. 4f G every pi ir h f s an extra puce of leather sewn m / >" |1? \ , " J £ x J£.-Mr l£& ' I
5- and fee <C 6< " 'MjjT 20x20 inch for.. ..29 3 26x26 inches, for.. 49 j palm on inside of gloves; the colors are tans, V f > tip \ • Klnl . .....T....f „.. L50 1 «'O S
$ Fish Easktt5-75C to $2.50? Strap,. 22x22 inch for ..... . 34o [ ''afaSr^ 5 .!^: 1.50 1 -> 0 I
J . . 25c 5 JO - black; made in latest style, with fine embrod- W^O^/ /V \ tna , V S
I ft? . .. .. nr . t, c- " 7 : ery and two patent fasttners; an extraordinary *& dS&>* * 'H^ti --^JilJ^f^P —————^— __ jf
if l^;. c r BrHoM « eanteBS , 75C ¦ ' W A Gooa Brass BInt I
1 ¦ u,icsox<.-ssc, 75s; B 2J^ Ai«of»me of the mou uccmr, ar&ia ¦ __ ": . Cushion Tops,- Extra S pedal Sale . Oagaft.OO. .*
If : " -'• cg| £ p tTi™"; HomeSpUBiS Tassels, Silks, Eio. Spachtel Goods. A S £?ZJ?'Z A^ 5
j Jf . ¦ m _ \^JL_^* beds and home gar- JnjE 7* if* We quote a few of the new strictly up-to- About 300 E cgzrtt Bureau Scarf J — 18x54 Cage — size «
»5 GrOGemeS- -LBtgUOrS A7«\ • dens "'Emporium .,. ."¦»«f date Cushion Tops and Backs to ever the nc h'«, not one of them worth less tha^ 7S c 9J£* 6 # x 12 # . nn\(rm}\\\u\M\> S
g Monday', big barges in the pure food ( C \ and ¦ f^K °i O</S Big Sale: qq $ bchei^ fitted | JfTOtt ) fl £
§ action of the big department store: \ W\ ' sX^tto B^gainGommOitOmgMon- Row ,t the Opera" . 8 5O qua , it ies, on saTe Monday only, each , 52 C 7 £ JiF^ffl S
g Lenncx Soap-Monday, 9 bars .... 2 5 G K%^ '.o-inch Lawn S;^,, . "The Famous Cat Cushions" 85o / < ,„ „' ,. ' p:rches> \
i* Pwrline—x-lb. packages, Monday 3 package. / Mowers.. $3 .OO 47-inch Striped Homespuns, made Of " The Darktown Lovers" (new) ... 85 2 , 2X^ b c h cs suitable fcr tabe covers, piUow movable tin (^^1 mtTrTTfTTmi^ £
J •• • -2SO I /*3\ Ki £% 25°' excellent worsted -yam, a popular, "Printed Cushion Tops," s:x subjects . 35O shan^ 5 etc w Crth f rom 75C to $i.a 5 each, bottom.- com- .. 'I J
i FefsN^U.a Soap-Monday, 5 ba,, 25o CA^ i^^oV much-in-demand. f^ic fo^ P stre« C^ Top,," extra *. . . 5 r JC t2^^ . . !'. . $ .'52O o^^l.^B^^:^ 00 5
1 iplfiiiis ¦^mM$mM^^^MM IPilSii WM^^m WS*Mm& I
»• VidoryMush— The- ropu'ar breakfast food, = *"^ ==^ S^ y£ : * .... . -2QO tures— grays, tans, browns, etc.; ; each one representing the month of the year ch 00 s e fromin ' ' " ¦ ¦ ¦ A
tC Monday, 4 fackages 25c Weeding Hcoks- . the Stripes are about ha'.f an inch by the sign of the zodiac, the bi.thjtone and this store. A car- i "^P^ot, C— O .*
$ Extra rancy Apricots, Moorparks, io-2b. box • • • ...... • • -V. . #Jc apart; ' regularly 75c a yard, and _ '*":*> "* ' : •„•; •;•,:•'• 7So riagc like picture, 'Sl^^mf 7He * °^ TS 2
» Sa S o or F.arl T.p.oca, 5 lbs 25G a °, d 6 Jadi£S - use . light work> i n^ arc - c> ; > sale Monday (.. 47 O at Department Store Prices. ; fj' P up ho's-ered iS«IR0ft\ For AU TJllS Week. ,
S»* Comb Hcney— White, best qua.ity, 2. combs . . . 5Oc in colored fi'ured /^^^^^^^^^2i - "?
V f0r -...'.. 253 Gard : nHo Sf , fC r fjot . c?C, S^ 12g JL^^im. D P :str y. P 1 "" 511 R^^Sllln^fW T^ie OV// GlffSTS X
St port or. Sher*ry— Good io\ir.d vines, Tn> our Carabao High-Prtssurs Ho-e, per - "*^ iTyO i» -- 1 * roll, tin st " : • vwH^f^yTv/ Vl IU/ ' J2 fft** j5
Jf Monday on'y. gallon . 55O />0t . . ..... ..... . . t2c w/rS' \^VR Jf- ; ' '—-'{ -^ wheels, p a t e n t ¦.}/•. O SO* -«0Ci
l> - McBrayer Whi key — Guarantred bottled a: the Rubbrr Plant Sprays, metal tips . . . 750 *2rjff^f S% JrJs~\ JSf Jf S F^Sk JL>' ' ti ¦ IS Iff ' Bf Jf ' dust-proof hubs and ' VXi^* ; BgarHt*^ t-BfKt ffiittZiflS S
*' dutillcry, high grade, lull qur.s, Monday Terra Cotta Hinting baskets-Fancy d«cr- -rf M/I %- m^f^M / MW /^f^Y 3 M £1 /TWA fooJ-brake, complete for .'. . . .$6.50 %*<*B£1&& «-*«<.« Hjaij&iS* . #
X A only, botte 73© orated, with chains . 5ffC, 75C, SCO W&SSr J@T M fflT^JSL yB tfJfiL&A / LJ (LsM/iLwUM H & . Baby Cirrbg«—Widi rubber tires, from .. . Jg for 25Qm "i
Jf. /Old Sonoma Caret, extra quality, gallon 4Oc Terra Cot!a Flcwer lot— From 3 to ia "^ -^^ Jg MW^JI WT i&r^^&rjgjB : . ...... $7.50 to $35.00 S
5 A. B. C. Beer, pints, doaten . . . . $J. 4O inch; prices . .- . . . -. 3fj to ( fU 1 1 Ml 1 1 1 1 A ' 1 Nt 1 1 1 il 'i| Jt iiiiiiilllllill* 1 '' 11111 ""*' ' Go-Carts— "VSIth tubber-tired > wheels, patent Q v the BOX, if yOU Wish, .*
it Burkc's Ale or Porter, dozen. . . . $2*15 8-inch Jardinieres, hghly g'azed, shaded tints, . .uL\!UiiiaaK9B^l^BS^^'^^'^^^ -'¦'¦' ¦ dust pro jf hubs and foot-brakes, $3.75 to ; ,<
6 Gccktsiis-Cro^ brand, Manhattan for. .... ..... ...690 '^[^^^^^ X^^Mrni(tA'r:cna.Nr > rr\r Tronc • • • • • • • • • • S3J.00 at me rrice. -g
J, or Whiskey, bottle $1,00 50 dfftrtnl s'ylS, up to . . $7 50 E c'i r^^SBV^^py. AWILKIV^A URAINUE^T.^rORt., p oIding Go-Cartj-$ 3 °o to. .. $5 52 Q : r~6 fl
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE - EMPORIUM.
THE" EMPOaiUM.
THE -: EUPOEnJM.
the EMPoarrjM.FAMOUS SPANISH PLAY
"EL GRAN GALEOTO" IS
PRODUCED IN OAKLAND
-BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
LONG MUSICAL SEASON
COMES TO A BRILLIANT
CLOSE AT END OF WEEK
WELL-KNOWN ACTOR, WHOSE
PRODUCTION OF "EL GRAN
GALEOTO" SCORED A SUCCESS.
Special,' information .. supplied 'daily/, to
.business^ houses*and publicVme'n.by,' the
Press Clipping* Burean (Allen's) r 230 Cali
fornia Btreet.7 Telephone Main 1042. •
TownsendSiCallfornla glace fruit 50e i
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap ,bas-
KS t^r"Ai n * lce * pi 5 l!ent for Eastern friends
C39 Market St., Palace Hotel building- •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Stuffed prunes with apricots. Townsend's.*
: : -. : . A :member ,of the. New York 'City., Council who! introduced an ordinance requiring all
street railway companies; to provide: special cars 'for expectoratprs has'; been written up asiaVsir-'
castic "cuss," but perhaps the. poor fellow meant to be .^philanthropist.' " ;
_ A single steamer arrived at New York the other day with- 2696 steerage passengers—
.*?.???£. to ; fo ?S : a whole ; village;; : so there is no. need of an almanac to tell us that the immigrant
season/has'begun,and^threatens:to^ / ; - , : : ' . ' ?
¦ , : ;.It is said:tha^MissStone;has : decided:not ; to lecture, and : now thi wonder is how a woman
sm ? rt ' enou §ftJ° st^:?^ he lectui :^% cau^5lYer'let herself ;get;\c^Wed by:;a; Bulgarian:^
; The British War Office is said to have approved of a plan' for using balloons to carry seven
soldiers each, and while the plan may be a good one; it is going to take a whole sky full of 'such
flying machines to enable .the troops in Soutl: Africa; to keep: out of thetwav of 'the Boers ;
; ; ' ' ¦ . ¦ . .,....- ; — T— ¦ .. ' "
Roosevelt has found -it necessary to reprimand so many officers of the army and the'navy
that, according ,to;a report^n Washington, He has decided to save breath^ by shouting a reprimand
with strenuous eloquence into a phonograph and then arrange it so he can turn on the machinery
. whenever occasion needs by, simply .pressing a button. The plan has the further advantage that
• if an officer fails to call at the White House for his reprimand the ; machine can be sent to himf
The. wife of a, New England minister has sued for a divorce on the ground that tlie
of attending sewing circles^and. presiding at missionary meetings" is ruining her disposition; and
there seems to be no doubt in. New England itself that the grounds are ample fora grant' of
divorce, resumption of maiden name, alimony. and the. privilege of marrying again. : ' -
A STRIKING illustration of the force' of public sentiment in affecting the course of great
nations is afforded by the, contrast between the mortality figures of the British con
centration camps before the recent agitation and' exposure of the evil, and those of the
months which have succeeded: The latter have just been made public by the British
authorities and can be studied with satisfaction .by all who take ; any interest whatever . in the
cause of humanity. . r
Last October the death rate per thousand in the concentration camps was 338 for the
whole number of prisoners and 572 per thousand for childrenf under 12 years of age. It was the
publication of those and similar figures for the preceding months that aroused the whole civilized
world to indignant protest against the maintenance of camps or prisons where such mortality could
occur. The British authorities affected to be indifferent, but it was soon given out that changes
were to be made in the camps. The results are now attested by reports which show that the
death rate per thousand in February was for the whole number of prisoners only 72, while that
for children was 100. « •
The rates are still very high, but they show a marked improvement over those of last sum
mer and fall that strengthened the agitation against the concentration system. They also attest
the justice of the charges made against the' British military authorities for responsibility; for the
high death rate. The February^ returns attest that had proper care been exercised. in the first place
there need not have been that appalling mortality among children that shocked humanity. Miss
Hobhouse, who made the .exposure of the camps and who bore the brunt of official hostility, has
won a noble fight for humanity at large. . She has done as good a work in South Africa as Flor-.
ence- Nightingale did T at the Crimea and merits as high honors.;
IZI It now seems evident > that, the end of the war is at hand, and that "ere- long peace will once
; more : -dwell- 111 -South .-Africa, Briton and Boer have learned to respect one "another, "and inthat
new feeling may possibly; be able to devise a plan upon which they can live together' -without
strife. The most difficult thing to be accomplished in the task of reconciliation will . be that of
.eradicating from the minds of the sufferers of the concentration camps • the horror of that fearful
death rate among ;,the .children;.: and it is therefore fortunate for the British that as something of
! an offset to ; the harshness of the military authorities who established the- camps, .they can set "the
example and the memory of the British woman whose brave crusade brought about their abolition
does other things, too, paints, writes. Is a
collector of South Sea Island curiosities,
where he spent much time, and about
which a book now In writing concerns it
self. He comes to the Tivoll from Aus
tralia and Is certainly a unique and in
teresting . personality among the good
Tivoleans. . i ,
• • . ••
The following story— that may possibly
have made Its debut before time— has tha
disadvantage of being true, but is never
theless ..interesting. A certain distin
guished member of the violin craft here,
whose name may or may not be J s.
was recently engaged with some other
musicians by a society woman to play
for an afternoon at her house. When tha
question of terms came up the fiddler and.
his confreres demanded the very modest
sum of. $3 a head for their services.
"What! Five dollars for three hours*
playing!" said the lady. "What exor
bitance!"
"What do you pay your waiters?" asked
the chief of the pirates of the tow.
"Only three dollars," promptly returned
the lady. .
• TWell, . madame, it takes us Just eight
een months longer to> learn our trade
than it does your waiters," said J a
gravely.
Madame saw the. point, and to th« credit
pf her . good heart and sense apologized,
handsomely. But there are still many
gaps in the ranks of the apologists. . -; : ;
Leon Moreau, the clever young French
composer who accompanied Mme. Nevada
on her recent visit here, has just received
the coveted French decoration of. the
Palmes Vertes. -Mr. Moreau received
pleasant word of the award in a letter
from his mother last week and later the
formal announcement of his new distinc
tion. The decoration has been conferred
for distinguished service to music In
France, including Important contributions
to musical literature and triumphant ef
fort In the Wagnerian cause in Paris,
where M. Moreau was long associated in
the battle of the music drama, ¦with \I
Charles Lamouieux.
Which reminds me. Pablo Casals, whoso
brilliant "cello playing was the feature of
the Nevada concerts. Is still here, hav
ing met with an accident while climbin<*
Tamalpats. Mr. Casals was making the.
ascent of the mountain in company with
friends, when a shower of loosened stones
fell about them, a large one badly crush
ing the 'cellist's right hand. It i3 almost
certain that no permanent injury will re
sult and Mr. Casals expects to wield that
wizard bow of his again In about two
week3.
FOROE^OF P^BLIG OFrNTOlsT.
. CLEVER BASSO "WHO HAS
¦'• JOINED GALAXY Off TTVQLI
SINGERS.
f M HE most remarkable dramatic per-
I formance of the week, perhaps of
I the season, was the production (in
ft Oakland!) by Howard Kyle of the
* long-promised "El Gran Galeoto,"
no?t famous play of the foremost con
temporary Spanish dramatist. Jose Eche
garay. Mr. Kyle promised the play dur
ing his recent engagement at the Califor
nia Theater, but Holy Week interfered,
and Oakland got the benefit. Our sister
city rose handsomely to the occasion,
fully fifty people greeting Mr. Kyle and
his company in the pretty Macdonough
Theater to do honor to the genius of the
distinguished playwright and the worthy
enterprise of the players. It Is unlikely
that any of the fifty will soon forget their
entertainment— if such it could be called
—of Friday evening last. For myself, I
recall but one play within my experience
with the vivid, breathless spell of "El
Gran Galeoto," "Hedda Gabler," as it
was given last year here by Blanche
Bates and her company. The Spanish
play reminds strongly of the Ibsen drama
In subject and method of treatment.
There is the same Intellectual, rather
than sensuous, appeal; the same fond
ne-s for dealing with the obscurer trage
dies of life, without, however, reaching
the profound depths of the subjective
ciud puddles that Ibsen has sounded;
With the fame pessimistic outlook. The
ethical viewpoint is possibly more normal
—as one Is apt to term the usual— and in
"El Gran Galeoto" Echegaray certainly
answers the . questions he propounds. \
The drama, in fact, fairly reeks of
morals.. ,
Thackeray once asked. "If. one Is not
to speak of the lady who has just left
the room, what is to become of conver
sation?" Echegaray attempts to show hi
"El Gran Galeoto" what becomes of the
lady— and the man.
"El Gran Galeoto" is in three acts, with
a prologue that was not given by Mr.
Kyle and his confreres. The play is dedi
cated to "Everybody"— "El Gran Galeoto"
(the great go-between), whose thought
less words and lightly malicious glances
weave tragedy around their helpless vic
tims. The plot is of the simplest. A
joung man. Ernest, who has been edu
cated by a wealthy friend of his dead
father, to whom the said friend (Don
Julian) owes large gratitude, becomes
dissatisfied with his dependent position,
that has been gossiped about unpleasant
ly by his benefactor's relatives. Don
Julian, .who loves him as a son, has a
young- wife who also has a strong regard
¦ . _.«.¦
for her husband's protege, and the two
conspire to save Ernest's self-respect and
yet continue to befriend him by offering
him a secretary's position. Ernest joy
fully accepts the work, and Don Julian
leaves him delightedly discussing his
plans with Christina. Enter the gossips.
It is dusk and Ernest and Christina
have wandered to the balcony, still talk
ing. Don Severo, brother of Don Julian,
end Mercedes, . his wife, look in at the
door, note the darkness and hear the
voices. They are already excited over
some gossip they have heard, perhaps in
stigated; and perhaps, also, a little jeal
cus of this recipient of their -brother's
bounty, and immediately put the worst
construction on. the situation... .. Signora
Mercedes then proceeds to inform Chris
tina what she and "they" think of her
friendship for Ernest, and Don Severo
follows Don Julian to perform a like
friendly office for him. Christina and
truest, absolutely innocent, are bewild
ered and horrified- by the accusation. Don
Julian, utterly incredulous and furiously
angry at the gossip, returns with Don
Severo, and, good fellow that he is, puts
Christina's hand on Ernest's arm ami re
quests them to go in to dinner together.
They do so. talking softly. But Don
Julian Is profoundly moved In spite of
himself, and as the curtain falls, looking
at the disappearing figures of Ernest and
Christina, he says. "But why, why do
they speak so low?"
From then on the drama Is the story
of growing jealousy on Don Julian's part,*
with a magnificent but futile struggle to
regain his lost trust in his wife and his
adopted son. The progress of the poison
is painted with bitter strength, . and the
tremendous climax of. the last act, when,
dying from a wound received in defense
of his wife's good name, Don Julian drags
himself to the room where Ernest has
come to beg news of him," he screams.
"Let me see you look into each other's
eyes. I shall know then." is almost too
painfuL to be borne. He dies cursing
them, and Don Severo turns Christina out
of the house. .Then Ernest cries: "So you
fling us together Into the abyss. Yes, at
last you are right. I will confess. This
woman belongs to me. Do you want pas
sion? Then passion and delirium is here.
Do you want love? Then here is bound
less love. Nothing daunts me. Invent
what you will, I will exceed it. : So you
may tell the tale truly at last, until it
echoes through this heroic town. But
should any ask who is the Infamous pan
der to this villainy, you will reply, 'Our
selves,' lgnorantly, . but ourselves, and
with us the stupid chatter of the idle.'
Come, Christina, my mother kisses your
pure brow. Adieu, all, and let heaven
choose its day to judge between you and
me." . \
• ? •
_ Aside from the first act, which has the
unusual fault of compression, the play ia
admirably constructed. The situations
are striking and plauslble-almost ine'vi
table^-and the dialogue natural and char
acteristic. The characters are drawn with
sure, broad almost brutal stroke, and de
veloped with, masterly consistency. The
piece lacks in detail, relief, somewhat
the author having disdained to use the
elegant padding. with which a Frenchman
would have relieved the gloom and stresd
of the situations or the neavier filling in
of the English school, for which amale
opportunity is offered by the story but
it remains nevertheless a great play, 'with
grip and thrill and irresistible, spell, and
one Is immensely grateful for the oppor
tunity of seeing it. : ¦¦ ¦ ¦*
As to its interpretation, Mr." Kyle and r
his company displayed a largely unex
pected strength in their handling of the
Play. Mr. Kyle, in the difficult part of
Ernest, .not by any means a becoming
role, did excellent work on the whole
Sh y e £? es nothln S very .badly, and
he had nothing to do in the first act. but
later, In the storm a,nd stress of the
Play, his work rose to the high level that
one might reasonably expect from an
actor who chooses to present "ElGrau
Galeoto . for his amusement.
Not easily the dreamy, romantic, sensi
tive youth of the first act, he was com
pletely identified with the later ErS
snowing a power that could not be readily
excelled. . Mr. Kyle's diction is wanting in
beauty and his gestures In erace hut
that he Is rapidly nearing a vefy worthv
position in his art last FrJday^peTforra^
auce puts beyond question. v ¦
THE long' musical season comes to
a brilliant close this week with
the four piano recitals of Fannie
Bloomfield Zeisler, to be given. on
.Tuesday and Thursday nights and
"Wednesday and • Saturday afternoons at
Metropolitan Hall. It is five— mayhap
six-ryears . since . Mrs. Zelsler was here,
and from what I can gather she has been
growing every, minute of the time. She
is an unforgettable sort of person; a thin,
brown, "fiery little creature, with immense
power,^-immense chic, immense tempera
ment, amass of superlatives; hers is play
ing'that must'be listened to whether one
agrees or . not " with Its . message. I well
remember on Mrs; . Zeisier's ' last visit,
and it was at the Metropolitan Hall, too,
an occasion when the pianist had Slg
mund Beel-to assist her.. .Mrs. Zelsler
played a Grieg sonata with Mr. Beel and
It .was the most furiously funny perform
ance I ever heard. Mrs^'Zelsler's Grieg
was not "Mr. Beel's. either in rhythmic,
dynamic or, . any . other values, and Mrs.
Zeislcr had not the slightest hesitation in
so -say ing— with those • brilliant fingers of.
hers. Mr. ¦ Beel.- being a gentleman, nat
urally permitted the la.dy to gang her aln
gait, fetching- up meekly somewhere In
the rear of things, but, having played
some little with th«s violinist ; myself, I
can imagine all the things he left unsaid.
Af that time certainly. Mrs. Zelsler was
not what might be' called an ideal en
semble . player, j though ; no one who . heard
her. could deny her tremendous attraction
as ¦ a. -soloist. ¦ Here are her j four pro
grammes for the week:
- Tuesday, night, April 15, 1902 — Prelude and
Fugue No. 2, C . minor ] (Bach), . from "Well-tem
pered Clavichord, Book No. 1; Sonate, Op. Ill
(Beethoven); Maestose— Allegro-con brio et Ap
passionata Arietta (con Variazlonl); Menuetto
(third movement from Fantasie. Op. 78) (Schu
bert) ;' "Marche. Mllltalre" ' (^ch'ubert-Tauslg);
Nocturne. . Op. ,37. No.. 2 (Chopin); Etude. Op.
25, ¦ No. .9 (Chopin): Valse. \ Op. 64,- No. 2
(Chopin);, Polonaise, Op. 53 •(Chopin); Deux
Arabesques, Op. 45. en forme d'Etude a la Tar
antelle (Leschetlzky), dedicateJ to Mrs. Zeis
ler;'Andante Finale frenu "Lucia" (Donizetti),
transcribed for the left hand alone by Leschet
lzky,. Op. 13; Gondoliera, ¦ Op. 41.(Moszkowski);
Impatience, No. , 1 f rcm Spring. Op. 57 (Mosz
kowskl); Valse, "Man Lebt Nur Elnmal"
(Strauss-Tauslg).'- " ' . .
Wednesday afternoon, April 16, 1902—Pasto
rale, Capriccio (Tauslg edition) (Scarlatti); So
nate. Op. '31, No. 3 (Beethoven), allegro,
scherzo (allegretto' vivace), menuetto (moderato
e grazioso), presto con fuoco; Marche Funebre.
third, movement, from. Sonate, Op. 35 (Chopin);
Etude. Op. 25. No. ? (Chopin) ; Mazurka, Op. 33,
No. 2 (Chopin); BaMade," Op. 23. (Chopin); Noc
turne No.8 from "Album de Peterhof" (Rubin
stein): Rlgaudon. Op. 204, No. .1 (Raff); Valse,
Op. 54. No.- 1 (Dvorak); Nuit Venitienne. Op.
40. ¦ No. 3 (Lewy) ; Serenade j Espagnole, Op. 26
(Zaremski); Chant Sans Paroles .No. 3, from
"Souvenirs de Hapsal.'<_ Op.
paraphrase on the waltz from "Die Fleder
maus" (The Bat), Op.' 10 (Strauss-Schuett).
.Thursday, nlzht. April 17. 1902— Prelude and
Fugue, No. 5, M major (Bach)." from Well-tem
pered Clavichord/ Book No. 1; Sonate, 1 , Op.. 10.
No. 2 (Beethoven), allegro, allejretto. presto;
Hark. Hark, the Lark, The Erl-kingr (Schu
bert-Licit): 'Des Abder.s (No. 1. from Fan
taslestuecke, Op.~ 12) (Schumann); The Prophet
Bird (No. 7.;from Waldscenen, Op. 82) (Schu
mann) ; . Novelette. 21. No.. 1 7 (Schumann) ;
Valse, Op. 64, No. 1 (Chopin); Etude, Op. 10,
No. 1 (Chobln) ; Andante splanato and Pol
onaise, Op. 22 (Chopin) ; Barcarole, Op. 30, No.
1 (Rubinstein); Ballade (first movement . from
Fantasie.' Op. 143) (Godard); Renouveau
(Etude Op. 82) (Godard); Liebestrum (Noc
turne, No. .3) (Liszt); La Campanella (Etude
No. 3) (Paranthl-Liszt).
Saturday afternoon. April 19. 1003 Papil
lona, Op. 2 (Schumann) ; variations serleuses.
Op. 54 (Mendelssohn): Wedding: March and
Dance of the Elves (Mendelssohn-Liszt), from
the. muiiic .to Shakesoeare'a "Midsummer
Night's • Dream"; Rhapaodle, Op. 79, n 0 2
(Brahms): Berceuse. Op. 57 (Chopin) ; Etude*
Op.. 10. No. 5 (Chopin); Valse. Op. 70. No i
(Chopin): Scherzo. _ Op. 20 (Chopin); Hexen
tanz. Op. 17 (MacDowell); Etude (prelude). Op
52. No. 2 (Saint-Saens); A la Blen-Almee
(valse).. Op. 50/ No. 2 (Schuett). from Papll
lons.d'Amour (Souvenirs Vlennols);. On th*
Mountains. NorweKircher Brautxug im Vorue
berziehen. Nc s., 1 , and 2. , from !Folk Scenes. Op.
19. (Grifg); Caprice Espagmol. Op. 37 (Mosz
kowski). These prosrammes are subject to
si Urht changes. * -. ,.
Karl Formes Jr.! basso by heredity and
several ' other Interesting things, Is the
latest attache of, theiTivoJL. Mr. Formes
is. the son of the celebrated basso, and
himself has a useful. bass organ that will
be heard. frequently in the coming Tlvoli
productions.. This week the singer has
the small "character" : role of. Matosln.
that seems to be well cared for at his
hands.'. ' . .-•- V.
. Like every • one I else, only father more
so. Mr. Formes >ha3. a history of much
Interest, t Intended originally for a physi
cian's] life, he defied heredity by taklngthe
degree, of , doctor, of , medicine at the,.Ber
lin University many '• years ; ago. He &Uo
took the ¦ degrees i of L doctor of j logic ¦ and
of laws. Then the; stage called, him, and
he ; has een " acting and singing off 'and
on e\ r er. Kinr« f or >. twanlv-aLx vur«. v: t, U«
IN some quarters the will of the late'Gecil Rhodes has' been commented* on by the American
press as the most marvelous testament made since Caesar devised his estate to Rome. This
sentimental effusion is caused by its provision for students ; from every one of the United
States, in the English universities. The, avowed purpose of the. testator was to practically
make England and the United States, one./ No one can detracts ifrom the fame of Cecil
Rhodes. He had the diplomacy of Warren Hastings and the initiative dash of Robert, Lord
Give. His countrymen foiidly call him the Greatest Englishman, and their f expressions of ap
preciation of his character and service to the empire are, from their standpoint, more than
praiseworthy. • -.;"'• i. : . ' ; '' : ' ' '.,;/; • :.
But the American ecstacy over his phenomenal liberality is without fair excuse under the cir
cumstances. His idea of making one of thi? country and England is grand in its conception, but
its accomplishment is not desirable for either country. Such dreams are not new. They dwelt
in the mind of Sardanapalus, and their web arid woof was an Assyria that blanketed the vyorld from
the Mediterranean to the Ganges." Genghiz Khan arid Timour had' such visions, and so ' before
them had Alexander and Caesar, arid, after them, 'Bonaparte. But these are dreams against nature.
Another Englishman, whose fame is eclipsed by that of this political imperialist, has vindicated the
designs of nature which stand against the device's of men who ignore her. Men are differentiated
by their environment,- and -in that law nature. has set an impassable limit to universal empire. In
their environment men take on an individuality 'which goes from them into their political institu
tions, and until nature changes her plan arid for variety substitutes monotony of environment,
common. institutions are impossible.
Nor in the aspect of its generosity, to; education can /"Americans justify laudation of; this im
perial testament. It devises an estate of twenty-five millions. But, in the lifetime of both;, Sen T ,
ator and Mrs. Stanford gave more than that to education. George Peabody gave a large fraction
of it, and the American citizen Andrew ; Carnegie has '-already far exceeded It, arid all that he has
given isto soriie.foWofleducation. Nor lias he been exclusive. Great Britain has been en
dowed by his liberality, and wherever these American gifts have been bestowed they have carried no
political nor imperial purpose. They have gone for the enlightenment of men and women in trie
wisdom of the world and the. uplifting teachings of science, carrying no obligation of im
perial federation. . ' ! ,: •'-•¦.. ':'• ¦ ' ¦/¦.'¦¦; . ¦¦ •
It may well be contended that Americans do not desire to become English nor English
men to become American. Starting from a common origin/ environment has differentiated vhem
for the good of each. The wisest Englishman desires to be what he is, and does not lack reasons
for being proud' of it. The same is true of the wisest American. One may doubt whether, educat
ing American youth in an English university will give them a better understanding of Great
Britain. It will perhaps incorporate them by sympathy and instinctinto the British community,
but that is far from implying a better understanding of that community. •
In our view, Cecil Rhodes stopped far short of an idea that might have earned for him
a more abundant ascription than' he now receives. If he had provided that an equal number of
English youth should be educated in American universities, the scope of his plan would have been
widened/and, above all, would carry the stamp of impartiality. As he left it, there is only
his assumption that only England is worth understanding, that in her institutions of learning only
can the highest absorption of the human mind be promoted and only his country is worth study.
That all deserves that the great Englishman be praised by his countrymen, but it reaily presents
no justification for ecstatic action here. ; .,' ¦ i .-•¦¦¦'
The best study for Americans is their own civil polity, their conquest of things material
and of things ineffable, and that study is not best promoted bv the provisions of this re
markable will. " ¦ - -' - , -
In contemplating.it we should' riot forget that if the liberality of which it is the expression
is rare among the rich .of Great Britain, it is far from being so here. American wealth has been
the - most li beral wealth the .world 5has ' ever , knp wn^ 1 1 has beenf^besto wed upon charity ' and edu
cation with a wisely lavish hand; and in no case has carried witli'its benefits the obligation to any-re
cipient to change his creed/.^sltM^^^^^s^^^^^afStl^- or sentiment.,. .. - ¦ . ,'
THEE RHODES WILL;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN p; SHtt ECKELS, Proprietor^ ... ; ; ¦ : v j , : Address' Cornmunicdtions to W. b\ LEAKE^Manager
Sunday:.....,........;: — ... ..................... y.. ....;...:.:...;....., ......;.....-..,;april u, 1902
Publication Office. ;..............'....!. . «^||||§£> •; . . . .... . . . :\\ . . . /. . ..... .... ... Market and Third S; F.
'¦'¦-,¦¦ . . •. '- . - ...-¦-¦'¦', . " " ' ' - '
THE SAN. JKAyCISCO CALL, SUNDAT,, APRIL ; 13, 1902.
By GUISARD.
24
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
.AJDVEHTISEaEBNTS.
HEINE
And the piano is one of the best in the world
to-day. If you will Investigate, that is all
we ask.
We are agents for 10 different makes ar..l
can give you a new piano from J137 up- a
good standard make from $.'150 up. We are
making special terms of $3 a month on account
of the delay caused by the Incompletlon of our
building and hall.
Among the new and slightly used pianos wa
have In stock are Steinway, Chickertng, Heine
J%3on & Hamlin. Behr Bros., llallet & Davis
and some good slightly used standard planci
from $125 up. Square grands from $03 un
,"W> are selling a lot of old second-hand pianos'
good enough for practice, at half value tn
make room, -and we are renting some eooJ
pianos .for $3.50. a month: money applies on
purchase. ?. •
m Over 6000 Heine pianos giving perfect satis-
faction in San Francisco. -
*ii fck:Ll35-i37 G««r btTMC
I G*nu!r,e solid Oak Chair, brace I
arms and cane scat; only 3 to B
each buy*r; each 75c. We bud- M
ply everything to completely fur- K
tii!5h your house for cash or pay. H
went* to eult your convenience. H
I T. BRILLUNT I
1 FURNITURE CO., I
| 333-342 POST STHEET, W
\ Opposite Union Square. HELKO, Nev., April 12. — Hubert' Sauls, the
nejsro who "- murdered - Henry : Lawrence, ; also
colored, at John. Sparks' ranch in February
and who pleaded guilty, wm to-day sentenced
by.-Jtj<lKe Talbot.to twenty years In the pen
itentiary. "
EUREKA. April 12.--When the" American
barkentlne Kok Head - cleared to-day she car
ried the largest cargo of redwood lumber ever
loaded by any vessel in this harbor, . The carm
measures more than 1.000,000 feet. The ship
ment is consigned to Manila.
KANSAS CITY, April 12.— At -Blue
Springs, this county. Divine Healers' have
kept the death of. Mrs. Nannie Ashley se
cret for three days while they- tried to
restore the woman to life through prayer
according to Information received by the
County Prosecutor here to-day.
Mrs. Ashley died last Saturday without
being attended by physicians and while
under the treatment of the "healers"
PRAY FOR RECOVERY
WHEN WOMAN, IS DEAD
Kansas City Prosecutor Learns of the
Conduct of "Divine
Healers."
' LONDON, April 12.— The British steam
er Kinomus Castle, homeward bound from
the Cape of Good Hope.' with 350 passen
gers on board, stranded off Brightstono,
Isle of Wight, at 3 o'clock this morning.
The sea is calm, but. the vessel's position
is somewhat dangerous.
The attempts made during "the day lo
float the Kinomus Castle failed. The pas
sengers have been transferred- to South
ampton and the vessel's cargo is being
lightered. -
Three Hundred and Fifty Passengers
• Are Safely Transferred to '
Southampton.
HEAVY LADEN STEAMER
STRIKES LSLE OF WIGHT
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, April 12.-The following
Californians have arrived: From' San
Francisco— W. F. Grldley, at the Union
Square; A. S. Mangrunv and wife, at the
Sturtevant; F. Kldd. at the Morton; P J
Levic, at the Navarre; C. P. Osgood at
the Manhattan.
ALBANY. N. T.. April 12.— Governor Odell
has appointed Edward H. Butler chairman of
the State MeKlr.ley Memorial Monument Com
mission. The other members are \V*. S Bis
sell, John G. Mllburn and George E. ' Mat
thews of Buffalo and E. A. Curtice of Fredonia
The revolutionists lost twelve men
killed and a number wounded. The Gov
ernment troops sustained no losses.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, April 12.—
The revolutionary forces, commanded by
General Nicolas Baptiste, which captured
Jacmcl April 6, held that town for twen
ty-four hours . and then retired to the
hills, taking with them all the arms and
ammunition available, were pursued by
the Government troops, commanded by
the Minister of War, General Guillaume,
and were completely defeated yesterday
at Fonds Melon, near Jacmel. General
Baptiste was captured and ¦was immedi
ately ~nnt T*Tff||ti(fiBffln||ffifvti[tn^
Victory Over Forces of
Baptiste.
Government Troops in Hayti Score a
CAPTTJRE REVOLUTIONISTS
AND SHOOT A GENERAL
WASHINGTON. April 12.— The follow
ing Calif crnians have arrived at the ho
tels: Metropolitan— G. Moss; National— J.
V. Young, R. Masters, all of San Fran
cisco; Arlington— H. C. King of Oakland
R. 8. Proctor of San Francisco; Raleigh—
J. D. Ackerman of Oakland, S. Thompson
of San Francisco: Wi'.lard— A. C. Ather
ton of Lcs Angeles, B. N. Williams of
San .Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
Admiral Higginson, the commanders of
the United States vessels and the captain
of the Danish cruiser Valkyrien visited
the island of St. John on the United
States special steamer Potomac. The
United States squadron sailed for Culebra
Island this afternoon. The visits of the
American ships to these waters greatly
animated the town and gave a smart
fillip to trade. j . .
ST. THOMAS, D. W. I., April 12.-The
Governor of St. Thomas entertained the
officers of the North Atlantic squadron
at dinner last night. In a speech he al
luded to the cordial feeling which the peo
ple of St. Thomas had always entertained
for their near and mighty neighbor, re
ferred to the splendid American warships
and toasted President Roosevelt and the
United States navy. Rear Admiral Hig
ginson toasted Denmark and the Danish
navy.
Officers of North Atlantic Squadron
Guests of the Danish
Authorities.
ST. THOMAS' GOVEENOB
ENTEBTAINS AMERICANS
'Why" he said, "provisions in regard
to the Dalham estate carry no weight at
a!i. As a pious expression of opinion
their sentimental value is great, but It Is
ihe only value they do possess. The first
tenant entail in possession can upset
everything by the simple process of en
rolling a deed in chancery, or barring en
tail, to use a detail more familiar to the
lay mind, the Jaw does not recognize the
right of a testator to impose conditions
in perpetuity. It is a melancholy fact
that you and I may live to see a loafer
Joaiing on Cecil Rhodes' money."
LONDON, April 12.— Ever since the pub
lication of Cecil Rhodes' will the legal
fraternity has been scrutinizing its pro
visions and hunting up authorities to
demonstrate that certain of its features
ure invalid. One prominent King's coun
bcI summed up the will In this epigTam
matic phrase, "It is magnificent, but it Is
X'Ot law."
Anent the Will of Cecil
Rhodes.
So Says a Prominent English, Lawyer
"IT'S MAGNIFICENT^
BUT IT ISNT LAW"
Patterson insisted upon: an explicit, re
ply, to his question, but General VMacAr
thur declared that he could not answer
more directly. He added that he had
epoken without reservation.
Before "the. * committee adjourned Pat
terson was permitted to propound an In
quiry which he said he did at the instance
cf a representative of the Boer cause, as
to whether General j MacArthur had any
knowledge of the enlistment of Ameri
cans in the Philippines for service in the
British army in South Africa. General
MacArthur replied that he had not
"My desire Is to speak here the truth,
the whole truth and nothing but the
truth." .
"Do you in your testimony distinguish
between official information and informa
tion that may have come to you through
other sources?" " /'
"Yes, I have a good deal of question on
that point," replied' the witness. "I have
never seen^ anything to Justify such an
opinion outside of what I have seen in
print. I can only say that I understood
the order to be fdi"*a fight, and all that
has come to me to the contrary haa been
ex parte in character." • .
"Have. 3 T ou any question now, as a sol
dier and an officer of the army, that there
was an understanding that the resistance
of the Spaniards was to be purely nom
inal?" asked Senator Patterson.
General MacArthur then related that
on the evening previous to the attack on
Manila, after General Merritt had issued
bis order of battle, he (MacArthur) was
in consultation .with General : Anderson
when the- latter received a communica
tion from General Merritt/ directing him
to lnfcrm Agninaldo that-.- the battle
which was to take place, next day was
between, the Americans' and Spaniards
and that he must not participate under
any circumstances. . Aguinaldo was at
that . time. General MacArthur said, five
miles away, and' the message was sent to
Liin by wire. He knew, however, that
the Filipino' leader had received it, be
cause he had declined to accept the sug
gestion, and he and his native forces had
participated in the engagement the next
cay. What had become of that communi
cation General MacArthur said he did
not know.
"Assuming the facts to be as stated,"
the witness replied, "if that were all there
is 'n the premises, it might be admitted
that inference was "to be drawn as indi
cated. But there are other facts which
form a part of the case and which show
the co-operation in the attack on Manila
was not a voluntary one on our part."
General MacArthur was again to-day
the only witness before the committee,
and his examination was begun by Sena
tor <;ulberson. 'His questions related to
the relationship between the native forces
and the American troops, when the latter
first landed at Manila. : Senator Culber
son called attention to the fact that "there
is testimony on Hie to the effect that
General Anderson had writen to Agui
naido inviting his co-operation at Manila,
and that the latter haa accepted, and that
it also Is stated that General Merritt had
himself sent an aid to General Greene,
suggesting that arrangements be > made
with the Filipinos ;*or a common under
standing in the occupation of the
trenches. He -then askeo if. in view of
these facts, the- inference was not author
ized that iriendly co-operation ' was de
sired by the American officials with the
Filipinos ¦ in - the attack upon \ the Span
iards. .
WASHINGTON. April 12.— The Senate
Committee on the Philippines began its
proceedings to-day by adopting a resolu
tion offered by Senator Carmack, calling
upon the Secretary of AVar for all the
orders, circulars and official N reports re
ceived from commanders . and their.,sub
ordlnates in the provinces of Tayabas,
Batangas, Samar and Laguna.
Cotifiitions teemed rir>e . for en attempt to
gam control of Louisville and Nashville, and
siouthern Railway interests, as represented by.
Morgan & Co.. authorized the Moore brothers
to acquire as much or the stock as possible in
the open market, with the understanding- that
this stock would be taken over by the South
ern Railway. Hanking interests In which thn
Moores are esoeciaily. prominent have been
heavy buyers of Louisville and Nashville, and
one bank in particular is said to have called
a number of leans this week so as to accumu
late the money lor Us purchases of Louisville
ttock. . ¦
ATLANTA, Ga., April 12.— If the Louis
ville and Nashville system has passed
into the hands of the Southern Railway
it will leave but two lines of road in the
Southern States— the Southern and the
Seaboard Air Line. Although it has not
been officially, announced, it is believed
here that the Atlantic Coast line and
Plant system will soon come • under- the
control of the Southern Railway.
The roads controlled by the Louisville
and Nashville are the Nashville. Chatta
nooga and St. Louis, the Western and At
lantic, the Atlanta, Knoxville and North
ern, the Georgia Railrcad and several
smaller lines and the recently acquired
roads. The number cf miles included in
the merger under control of the Southern
aggregates 21,349.
An interesting feature of the situation
is the part the State of Georgia may play
in the rumored combination. The State
owns the Western and Atlantic, which
runs from Atlanta to Chattanooga and is
leased by the Nashville. Chattanooga and
St. Louis. The Southern is already oper
ating a line between these cities, and the
Central of Georgia, which is under the
control of the Southern, has a road from
Chattanooga to Griffin, Ga. The effect of
the purchase of the Louisville and Nash
ville by the Southern is said by eome to
mean that at the expiration of the pres
ent lease the State road will be complete
ly bottled up, rendering it merely a local
line betwen Atlanta and Chattanooga,
When asked his opinion on the matter
Governor Candle r said:
"I don't think there is any danger of
the roads bottling up the State road.
While railroad combinations are very
powerful they cannot cope with the State
of Georgia, for if euch attempts were
made- the result would be euch drastic
legislation in Georgia that the railroads
would have to pay more money than they
could make on the transaction."
Some time aKo Southern Railway interests,
alaniied at the increasing etrengiu and pros-
Iierity ut Louisville and Nashviue, made an
oiter lor a majority intense The otter was
declined, so report has it, by foreign holders
ol LouiiVille and Nashville. Who held the bal
unce 01 jHjwer. Recently when. Louisville and
.Nashville increased its capital etock by ?5,(XKJ,
(AXi Gates and his associates .saw an oppor
tunity to "¦squeeze" the insiders by buying
Louieviile in the market and creating a scarc
ity in the stock. To what extent the' Gates
laction t-ucceeded ii still a* matter of conjec
ture, but it is nut doubted that they were in a
:x>sition to swing a large block ot stock either
way. -
NEW YORK, April 12.— As a result of
several conferences here to-day there la
a very general conviction that control of
ihe Louisville and Nashville road has
passed or will pass to the Southern Rail
way. Representatives of both these roads
and a member of the Gates faction were
in consultation early in the day, and later
John W. Gates was closeted for almost an
hour vith George W. Perkins at the of
fice of J. P. Morgan & Co. Neither Per
kins nor Gates would gay what had
pasaed between them, but it was admit
t<.a that the Louisville and Nashville sit
uation was discussed in its several phases.'
The most authoritative report dealing
with the recent course of Louisville ana
Nashville is substantially as follows: ,
MacArtbur Declares Manila
Attack Was the "Real;
\ Thing.", ;
"Bottled Up."
Georgia Governor Says That
State Line Cannot Be
Senate Philippines Com
mittee Calls for Re
ports.
Louisville and Nashville
Road in the Big
Deal.
ROOT IS ASKED
FOR ALL PAPERS
RAILWAYS UNITE
IN THE SOUTH
THE SA3ST FKlAO^CISGO CALL^ SUNDAY, APEIL ! 13, 1902.
25
"The neighbors were of course interest-
ed and they would always • say, 'How
fact you are improving,' .'How the , little
boy grows,' 'He don't look like the same
baby, what are you feeding him?" So I
have had to te!l them' one and ail how
Grape-ICuts have brought, us" both back
t^» health. I. wish other mothers knew of
the value of this feed."
"Well, I followed the doctor's advice
with good results at once. T could nurse
my baby and he began to improve Im-
mediately. I, myself, got strong and well
very rapidly. . . ., ....
"His condition worked on my nerves
dreadfully and I called in Dr.' Campbell.
After Inquiring carefully into the case
he said: 'You send at .once for some
Grape-N'uts, take four, teaspoonfuls in a
cup of hot milk on going to . bed, also
feed your baby on some of the food in
hot mi!k. f
"My baby is now a fine, robust little
fellow two years and six months old, but
I had a dreadful time with him at first.
I could not nurse him because I was so
weak I did not have the milk for him, so
I gave him different kinds of foods, . but
he was crying nearly all of the time and
would vomit after every meal.
A delicious food that is nourishing for
both mother and infant may be depended
upon to fit other people. This mother's
story Ib interesting.
A NEW BABY.
Old One Made Over by Grape-Nnts.
MISCELLANEOUS.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
Not here or there,. -''.but everywhere, no every ;:part©f ¦•.'¦ is 'inspired to new toMcInes.
this' great --: building; -\.ThV : ¦ Oo you wonder why so many people come out to
PATTOS.EN'SV-FU ' '.the flissloh ? / . , .'
'criminating ''shoppers. ¦• -Because"" there's. -.character iir-eveiry bit of merchan-
•We are experts in-, the matter;.' of, store keeping— 'and-' .. -':/dise; (.because there 7 are '-.also the virtues of newiaess, individu-
are'ever busy 'with modern ideas, like; the' skilled !'"artist-wBo."\. . .alaty and"^ LOWEST-- prices.- ' '
Lace GurtaiilS . We'Announce lor This Week - ¦ ; M0(to «S;^
'-.'•:. -¦•'¦ . lia»f«rlii&' w— « /' " ' ' -, • ¦ '• ' ' * /• ' °f fine quartered oak-Sale C97 cf|
and Draperies. A Most GXtraordl^
• - * ' :. - . ¦¦ .. ¦ , . ¦ ,-(-.-.-. . ¦^/ 1 :. ¦-.' ¦¦ .dark colors — Sale C'}c er|
Irish Point Lace Curtains. - ir> u r-« •^ " V: : V\-\ . : . ; price .-••"••••• .— - -^p^v
)-' -¦ :^* ' • ' • •¦¦¦•/.- . I 3 ITS #*'|/\^ K— « TJ "fl f*M tl f*^ ...-.• 5^2.50 Large Size Quarter Sawed Oak ; Side-
$6.50 qualities, showy borders, of a good Y^ Zk L I Ul I^SLl 1^1 1 1 L U I^C» . ¦ ; 1 ?.* 1 ?.? ;:::::::::':: ' 33 o.co
h -?:...- 9^:^ $4.50 , f you are not aware that: we. sell Furniture^pom lb ;^
$10.00 goods, elaborately. worked and : . * • • .• . •- .- ¦ .„ - ". - no ¦' • '¦! ¦''¦• s«i P^ce \3JA.vJVF
artistic. Monday special cfi CK cent cheaper than downtown stopes, this week's OTiepings-wIIl ¦ ¦„ Golden Oak BuffeV c->k nn
at ...............: Convince VOUi . • , . ' C •• '" hl s hi y polished-Sale pricey^ 3 » UU
$12.50 values, with wide borders, magni- ' - ; / • * J32.50 Large Size Oak China COO' KA
ficent goods. Monday <ro yc D * c n W ff '^^uzz: ~ ffiff^fr^-^^^^ ~^^ • e Repair 3Ild Cabinet-Sale price v?i *' vJU
¥-> 1 f-> * «¦ f% . • finH OHH y 1 /^ 2&y*^&tf&-~+i±^^m^ LT^r T JX r i^^^?^ ::^:'°''*^' i Y "^^ J^ * * inet, large size — Stile price.
Real Renaissance Lace Curtains. suns ana tua #1' ffW^M^WWi^W $&$&& Hvv Paror Furniture. mM0 mne O ak china cioset, must i>«
$22.50 Curtains, exquisitely worked and PieCeS. \ 1 1 t^Wf^J^£§M^§^. B§ j] j I StiffiateS GiVCfl. seen to be appreciateci-Sale $45.00
z t a T.. u .:.:. on ..?..T. c *. $19.75 B/fi&ml' u • •• parlor rocker items.
No.tm 9 h am Lace Curtata, WfJ | lllpW^MlW S $3 ; 5 ° =* &iUS1S&*
Several hundred pairs, priced' very ilw| V ¥ M S^#^S^^$^^&S^S^^^^S84 l^WlW <C 4 7= Parlor Rockers hand polished,
low. They won't last Ion*. See them. tt I ffi ( I 1^ J4 V§)# IJ • reduced from $7.2o.
*'¦/->.• 1 • j mi ' H a H fl7"*i *" **HBT*~ = ==^ : " r:^~ TV' - mm -urn ¦*'¦¦ 1— iHS^" "- m "' ""toi Ti W" 1 m C7 tZ.f\ Parlor Rockers, handsomely
$2.00 Curtains, the kind that will wear B&J, | fl E' \ll J*^^=>«»^ upholstered or hand polished,
well. Monday special C| 'JC^ J&ti- %^M$&sM&>*&&*& II 1 fhroo ntarp, Piirinr I IW^^^t^^^^ reduced from $10.50.
at $1.^5 M\\W^m&&^m B 4 tliree 'P ieCe rl0r Ult » I * , /i^^^^^^^ «Q r= 0 Parlor Rocker-, very substan-
$2.65 Curtains, pretty novelty borders. '^SkW^^S^^S^ Fram ' es are of mahoganized «^§ l^M^^^m^h f^^V^ 1 and fmely pollshed ' reduce<1
Monday special at <£• «yc . tSSu LL^^^f^is^^l^ W birch, well finished and pol- BiWaWr-ta^S^^SSiettfigSrl ' '
' WHS Zl 111 I Jl :shed. The sofa is forty-tour inches ffl B£2S7!r~**!@=—^^tf^^^XPS Cfi C=f| Rockers In Weathered or Flem-
£f/»* |f 1 Sf wide. The arm chair is twenty-three nSaPf* T H^ IS «pv». «*»v/ j sn Oak. reduced from $10.00.
$3.90 Curtains, defiant real lace copies; Ifffi II Jn ml ¦' inches wide and the reception chair haa H iff c*tt r-r\ rnurh Our Sn^cial u'nhol-
Monday special a, $2 45 Ufa **« I If S "f 0 J% %»£%»$& e «fS
••• M> A »^-» ' •_ 1/ I 1 ¦ 1 * M . stered goods as we^do, an opportunity 13 f ,*^9i W ¦ oak^or mahoganized birch, reduced from
S^ 00 Curtains none more beautiful bie 1 M. here offered prospective purchasers to pro- *£&£ ll ' [I *™- w .
Su,r MonTrSl ii'^l I S» c^e this suit in- the following textures: (|. CO 3 Kft All Leather Couch, rich oak
\aiuts. Monaay special fl»^ Q 1^ 1 - '-- --iSiSp Heavy French tapestry, silk damask or a I ' ll {-, .wJJtJy O r mahoganized birch, ro-
'at \ffMr* Zf ~f M\ silk . - brocatelle . and silk velour. .When ¦ P "«. . • M r ff vk'-- \ duced from $13.00.
,•> /-. , • I-. . . ,. r suit is made according to special order f,
Sio.oo* Curtains, quality- equal to trie •••.¦. Xj we can promise delivery- on same about three days after re- ~(t>'~%M : a»"» * /
best. Monday special J5 # 9Q . *B^T ' '.c?ve ! ring? e Th£"wI?.p^ PARLOR URNITURE IFEMS.
•"•-:'••• • _ 'J^Ly'- SS^Il flfl Parlor Suit reduced from
$12. oo Curtains, wide insertion, pretty : . : 'i< /iS^^^iN . > 4J-fcV.\/u $27.50.
at°?r.^3!? n . d .?!.! P ! d f! $6i90 We employ more up- g^js ,> '~^J^^^^^^^ . cr->> J^j) UNION MADE. $49.00 S&Sm T *~
¥ 1' j in " : ' i!'-^i* ?:-»! ¦ '• • iv.-^ - - ¦¦" j^ -' ¦ r— •¦ — *¦ • •'-?* -^=-7j^ - — » ,=] a ii n t - Pottnctpn c iir<Vi«l SJfi^> fill Mahogany Parlor Suit re-
Imported French Art Fabrics, city furniture stores com- jj) n B^^a M stery is T^done by union :> * uu>duced f rom * 125 - 00 --
5O i^S 1 i^d 5 ° a .^ 85c bine^' lffl : tjg^^^Kp:^^viy®^^ $110.00 e fVSmS:
• , "oT, A ¦, II ' ¦^VJ^WV.'-.'-EJI'- f^ii^-ij ' f|n Davenport Sofa, golden oak
50-inch Sold at $2.50 a yard Cl AK /^^^^^W^m^ » «^H« W*£^&) VM PlX^S^^X iP^J.VU O j. mahoganized birch, re-
Orieiltal TapCStrieS. \ fr. -1. 7\^?rj]j ~ ' ¦||^ :;^ gJC^ ; - :i^- g ~ •"^-- -^"i^jgsgelllj S7.50 Parlor Easy Chair, reduced from
Silk Tapestries. j/rgl %> i I j W^ \ EnameIed ed - wcrth $55 °- sale pric ' 9 - • •**•
All COlors-50-inch-larRe and .small yTH .. , . B-ffi . i^^^^^^^^^^^M f \* W '' Enameled Bed worth $0 50 sale price.. *5.0O
patterns. Sold at $V5O a C1 lt: | [j C.V >fj 'WWMlsS* ! S^^^™^* ! SS^*^^^^^S ) I jh/f ,' Enameled Bed, worth $12.00, sale price. $9.75
y ar( j at Special, a yard.. vD^«^3 ffl \A Fl/^^^f Xi'ol'ff^C ?r:^^^^ :^- • - - - - "~ --^"~?"^^^^^^ i Wf( Xt&Zil <\ Enameled Bed, worth $15.00, sale price. .312.25
Jl li'lLa-!'?^ ==r-?^==F^z=r*L '-iW-TA mI " ' JbJ ijjj \? : --*!~t ¦¦ Enameled Bed, worth ?16. 00, saJe price. .913^:5
Rich Pffllirffl Vflnur^ IB l<>r*^" 1 "" "~^^!~ ill A ¦¦¦¦¦¦ rM 111 ?H^\ ~ r^^~~^Lr^f*r. 'i ' Kr.ameled Bed, worth $21. 00. sale price. .$10. OO
IMUUJJjmw IUUW1J> - 1 bj l^£ttfE^*&Z*^fi5^& Jfl ' TlilC 1C fflP rliPnnPCf *1 W£j" • " _ -I""* '?' Enameled Bed, worth $13.00, sale price.. 910.73
s *^%^,i^.?$2.35 i^^^^mi s t w 1 i-JSBBSm SS and beddi * g -
All SilR Moires • * *. i* i \ -u , l\ a*' J^^^^^^^^m Woven Wire iIapIe Frame Sprln§: - * 3 - 00
jury 1 \uirC5. i^^^^^ffl^l^^^^ . But it is better constructed and fin- y^g^Bp^^g^g^g^^^^ Our Imperial Spring 8S.0O
Solid colors, 50-inch. Sold at $.3.75 a _ "" ~ i ished than many a 3-piece suit tho ! —^^~^z^^^^^. Our Special Box Spring S13.5O
yard — at special, a yard • c^y Of} jj- tesj 1 ' " ' "1 IT i^^ downtown stores tax you $25.00 or; I * ?^'.'"iii[a "" ™^& 3" The r> U pi ex Box Spring, (pat-
PlCh Figured ChhltZ VdOUrS. ill |l | ¦¦. j and 'tie wood panels in the back ara S 1| H ? SlZe '*' 82.00
50-inch. Sold at $S.oo''a,>Q«rR A BL^ EL^. nicely carved. The upholstering is in ,J M' ' : - U 1 ; ElasUc Felt Mattress, full size... 88.OO
yard-at special, a yard W.75 ..3 .158^ j . aU desirable shades of .velour, | ;. 1^' Xi a^L Pea^T'raiowi"''''* 12 " 00
Rich Figured MoflUetteS. A •¦"••:( corduroy' or tapestry, and left to I, ¦¦* -A palr.;..........:v ? ..: T.'...^ g3.00
KICn rigurca i«XOqUeiieS. 1 ¦ . . your own selection. A I7 Pft I * Spring and Summer Comforts... 81.25
New patterns. Sold at $5.00 /\/\ 13 . : / , • Price \ ......... A I ¦•-Jill J ' , , j* ¦ . All Box Springs and all Mattresses ar»
a yard— at special, a yard M?T.w _ «l , « . VII IVV 7$g^ guaranteed and made In our own factory.
These Carpets and These Prices Notice the Patent Adjustable Back. Another Great -Rug .Sale
Are not united in any other 3tore. Do a little .comparing. You'll find \f®%ffl^^M^l- PATTfWIFN'S The present Sale of Rugs is a timely event for all who have buying
that the same qualities shown elsewhere' are marked at substantial %MfW¥/^^ 4 BT o, in mind. We recite no sensational motive to explain why such
advances over I our prices. And you may be sure that when our \v^4%w JfTv-%, Jkl^xrffli ADJUSTABLE .
.' .^ , , , ' \V \mmdl **/*&$£ Wl d«k .. n ,r. remarkably low prices are current. They are coincident with other
prices are matched by competition they are attached to inferior Vv^^^^/wW i^l^lm MORRIS u . ' it v •
,_,,,,,,. ¦ ¦-, . ¦¦¦¦! \Y^F ffl'ib ?/%£& MhdA attractive features of this business. And Rugs are merely one of
grades. That's the unbroken report we get from impartial sources {{^mJrflM^ W&d&§ffi\ TU AID
' \k^^'}WU/^^/Mi many other interests that emphasize the genuineness of our policy.
Extra Quality Tapestry Brussels A Wool Best Quality Velvet ' WWfcmffit&m • ' - ¦
rofnnfc ' Cirnpic »¦ '¦ \^l'VXtY'*£'// Iffsi tsdiWtl- rts& .:¦>'' A 1 1- It' Aft 1 !/Q17QfCi niQ VfMir« # rt*i Vrrtree*
tarpeis, . tarpeis. v:;;,'..-.-. AI1~?tUu1 AwVcrblDlo JlDYrna nUtS.
In siich choice makes as Higgina' The designs and colorings are woven, -^3^2Sw 1 'it-Jj'. t uJm 'Ti£ llfflijir~X-?_ ' "--„ ' ¦ "
S^86?™2™"prtSS?... < ?.r:^:6SC our price 6 :.. .$ 1.15 • ThC b6St qUaHty rich variation and com-
Ten-Wire Tapestry Brussels FltM WiIfftn Ve T ve * Carnaf<: e!^^^^^^^4O»OI7f bination ° f ° rlental patterns and colorings - Tha follo^& v*™*
Garnets Wrp.tS. iffiSt ]ftKl&lJW^//A Ci represent the advantages you may enjoy by buying them of us In-
. • ¦ tdrpcib, i n such strong makes as H 1&glns . . ;^^ l»||\Mi^^|» ,'il^Mw^aH^ftVi J!a ; ¦ , '. -
Fine designs and colorings, very an d Smith's, sold else- <ri 7 p; ffieWSliiWliX^V'll ¥w%v-w!^l^^5J 4\ Stea ° elsewhere:
large assortment, sold else- Qpr- where at $l.oO; our price.... wfM • Z.3 Mi'M^%W^\\E^^^^^^^^^^\\ : '
where at $1.00; our price OL>C , . .' \'"n ' 'f-r^^^^^^^^^^a ' «-25 kind at St .00-18x36 in. $3.25 kind at Si».7o-30xG0 In,
Extra Quality All-Wool, Extra Kigli=Grade Axminster Carpets. &» SS : K:::::::::81:S}fcSS •& ftSSSSS: SS&&3? %
Supsr ingrain Carpets. "^SSIrP'Kfi^.^effi I^^^W^^^^^^M SS SSS" l\\ :::::::: :$2:2S=Sga l n : ll
3C inches wide, be^ patterns and at $1.35; our $1.20 'ffl ' '
'IliMiiSlriPI. "^^^^^^^^^^^^^^mlR Smyrna Rugs in Carpet Sizes.
A ¦ Ltlottv^ lot »rt K^from '^u?' ofies^ fsuiffi^^ 60 &^^&& I '¦ iSL- f §10.00 Carpet-size Smyrnas/ 6x9 feet, bur price $7.0Q
[the Ve reBU l la restock and Marked ; at a . foraT reception^r^oms" -. mning °ro*om8~ ¦ ••' H'lf $tf^l N^-^ ? 15 -°° Carpet-size Smyrnas, 7j4xlO feet, our price $10 00
'0l^%^^r0^^Kt :-W *S -rh W^ 518.50 Carpet-size Smyrnas;9x^fect,-our price....... ...... $12 * 50
•lar price $1.25; choice at...- s5*»v/iJ , price.....;...;.;... ........wpl.ZD ' lAjM^-"- ' ' 'WI'I' W " ' ' T ' " ¦ ¦..
rhina Matting- Jananese Mattincr / W^ Best Quality Five-Frame Body Brussels Rugs,
$6.bo quality at $500 / ?io.oo quality at $800 HAS LOOSE, REVERSIBLE XUSHIONS, Two-toned Persian Patterns and Colorings,
uu v >8O#UU . ; - v— f . ! . t . j j . . for the regular $18.50 kind— 6x9 fe*r « 1een
$8.0O quality at ;$6< 50 $12.00 quality at $1 0 . 00 ; ; Thl§ ricWy . Mfvcd : and .masSlV^ piece f or thereSar;L:00Mnd^Mxi&'fee;.:;:;:::;V.V'' '|J|^?
$10.00 quality at, $8.00 $13.00 quality at S1 1^50 Ot panpr and library furniture, With Its for the regular $30.00 kind-9xl2 feet ................... "\rf In
¦•'-•¦• , ' ,',. ' handsomely. Upholstered, Cushions and f 0r the regular $37.50 kind, 9x15 teet ...; . ' «QK*nn
w. , -/^ A. ~ , ' : patent ¦ deiachable: : aaiustab^ I -;-v , „,.„ '"!* '
LinoleUmS and Oil GfhtflS impress on every one who beholds it the Axminster Rugs. Royal Wilton Rujjs.^
LlllUIWUmJ UUU UII ViUllW. ; ¦ f V that .; PATTOSIEN CO have Axminster Bugs-A : splendid • Extra quality Boyal Wilton
Linoleums and Oil cnoths-the assortment of patterns and colorings: pIa ced oh: Sale 'the: JmOSt^WOnderfulba^ r^Sndat 4t ~
is amazing. Bright styles for every use— kitchens, dining rooms • V . ¦••¦= r ¦^¦¦ : tt ¦¦'-' jt.i. -¦ ¦ - Vt. .rTi: r y ¦! " «..;> kind at.........8l.5O-i8x36.
:haii,; staifs, do.^oL^ stores, 7 , ' : |^ g«n ever offered th ?; puokc. The frames (&&£Z$$8&!$3f&i K SS S'— "SUJSS
, Oil Cloths. -Linoleums. "^ manship first-class. ¦ $30.00 kind at.-...: S24.25- 9x12 it. $40.00 wnd at.:.. ...834.00- 9*12.
Regular 30c Equality; our price.'. 2'6c- ' Regular^Oc quality; our price.. 45e < -*~*-^ ms — <^-^-*~~^-~<-*t-^ — <^-^r- — ' ~r -? — *~r ; \lI\X/«,o1 ln»»aln *••+ Q/imom?
. Regular. 40c quality; our price.'. 80c .Regular, 60c fquality; our. price. ;5Oc ¦ ff . riTIVt flflid ISN'T TTfiHT- AH" WOOl, ingrain /\TL . iDqUdres*. -
Regular. 45c quality;, our price:. 35c ,Regular'75c quality; our price.. 65c • ; *V " ll j( l W > W $500 kind— 3x2 yards....... ...§4.50 $U.0O kind—3x4 yards...... 89.OO
Sported Scotch and American INLAID Tile Linoleum ;r e guU r - \ MAKE It TWht; ' \ : 'SS ; S3^?^i^KS S HSJS
|y SOld downtown at $I. 50 and $1^75, here two weeks Only. $1.35 j,--o-->-J-^>^^.-^^ la.OO klnd-^3x3%yards..........87.75 $17.00 kind-5x4 yards. ....... :*15.OOFROM SEATTLE.
NEWCASTLE, , NSW— Arrived Aurll 12—
Stmr Wlllowdene, ¦ from San Francisco, via
Fiji Islands and Sydney, NSW. -¦.,,•-.
LONDON— Arrived AprH 12— Stmr Oopack,
from Seattle and Yokohama. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Ai>rll 12— Stmr Pala
tla.- from Hamburg and Boulogne.'
Sailed April 12 — Stmr Graf Waldersee. for
Hamburg; stmr Mlnnehaha. for London; stmr
Lucanla. for Liverpool ; stmr Trave, for Genoa
and Naples: stmr Amsterdam, for Rotterdam,
via Boulogne; stmr Astoria, for Glasgow. r>
HONGKONG — Arrived April 11 — Stmr . Cop^
tic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and Yo
kohama. : , . > :. ¦•
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior • to , A?ril 12—
Stmr ' Empress . of India, from Vancouver, for
Honrkcnr. -"' . • -
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived • April 12— Stmr
Umbria. from New, York, for 'Liverpool.
¦ HAVRE— Sailed April > 12 — Stmr La Oas
coicne and stmr La Touraine, for New York.
ANTWERP — Sailed April 12 — Stmr Zeeland.
for New York.
; LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aoril 12— Stmr Cam
pania, for New" York. - '¦ '
BREMEN— Sailed ' Anrll 12=~Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst. for New York,vvla Southampton.
CHERBOURG— Failed-:; April 10— Stmr S*.
Paul,. from Southampton, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed April 12— Ger stmr
Serapls, for San Francisco.
FLEETWOOD — Arrived April 10— Br ship
Clan Buchanan, hence Dec 18.
HAMBURG — Arrived April 11 — Br ship Ma>J
fleld, from Oregon. ¦ • : \
HONGKONG— Arrived April 11— Br stmr
Tartai, from Vancouver.
MIDDLESBOROUGH — Arrived ADril 11—
Ger bark Werra, from Oregon.
ST MICHAEL— Arrived April 11— Br ship
Matterhorn, from Tacoma, for Hamburg.
CORONEL — Arrived Feb 21— Br otmr Pala
tlna, from Orecon, and sailed Feb 25 for Las
Palnias. ¦ . ¦ . /¦
MANILA— Arrived ¦ April 10 — Br stmr Kin
tuck, from Seattle.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Ayril 12—
Jap stmr America Maru, hence March 21; Jap
etmr Toza Maru, from Seattle.
. Sailed prior to ¦ April 12— Br stmr Empress
of Chfr.a, for Vancouver. . "
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 12— Br bark
Isabel Browne, hence Nov 20. • » .
- KINSALE — Passed Ato-II 12 — Fr bark Amlral
de Cornulier. from Oregon.-
PORT. NATAL — Arrived ADril 12 — Bktn La
halna. from Puget Sound.
ANTWERP — Sailed April 12 — Fr bark
Anural Halran. for San Francisco. ;
VICTORIA— Sailed April 12— Br stmr Wye
fleld, for Port Los Angeles.
• Arrived ¦ April : 12 — Stmr Cottage City, from
Skagway. . and sailed for Seattle.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 11— Ship John
Ena, for Hioro.
EASTERN PORT.S
TACOMA— Arrived April" 12— Schr Annie
Larsen, from San Pedro. -
Sailed AdHI 12— Br bark Gwydyr Castle, for
Callao. ... . . • .
Sailed April 13— Br stmr Kaisow, for Lon
don; stmr Dlrlgo, for Alaska; stmr St Paul,
for Ladysmith.
Arrived Asril 12 — Stmr Aztec, from San
Francisco.' • ¦¦ ¦¦• • . , ¦
¦ Sailed ADrll 12— Stmr Washtenaw. ' for San
Francisco. ' ¦• . . ...
¦ PORTLAND^-Ealled April . 12— Stmr George
W, Elder, for Sen Francisco. -
Arrived AdiII 12— Stmr Lakme. from San
Francisco.
Spreckels & Bros Co. ¦ ...
- Fr bark Francois d'Amboise. Mellieur. Ant
werp; Eppineer & Co.
Schr Defender. Marsters. Apiaj via Aber
deen; Williams. Dimond & Co. \
U ]/, - SAILED.
1 . '-.' ¦.¦.'_ " ".. Saturday, April 12.
Stmr Brunswick, Dettemsr, Eureka.
Stmr Coca Bay, Gielow. % San Pedro. :
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr. Coquille River. Johnson. Fort Brass.
Stmr National City, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka. '
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr South Coast. Jamleson. Albion River.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka. »
US stmr Kilpatrick, Rogers. Manlft. -
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen. Ladysmith. *
Ship M P Grace. Fisher. Bristol Bay.
Bark Levi G/Bunje?s. Vounerren, Tacoma.
Br bark Invferlyon. Sims. Queenstown. -
Bktn Portland. Clark. Tacoma. .-
Schr Mary Buhne. Dannevisr. Eureka,
Schr Ida, Campbell, Bodega.
RETURNED.
... Saturday, April 12.
Bark Levi G Burgess, Younggren, hence this
morning for Tacoma, returned on account of
second mate dislocating his shoulder by falling
on deck. -t
, SPOKEN.
vJ Vprl L.T > . Iat 50 N ' lon 8 W— Br ship Cam
brian Hills, -from Cardiff, for Esquimau. .
March 1, Iat 1 S, lon 28 W — Br bark Nlvelle,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco. ,
'. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 12, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, veloeity|12 miles per hour.
'domestic, ports. ¦;:
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 12—
Bktn Katie Fllcklnter, from Everett. -
Sailed April 12 — Stmr Alcazar, for San FTan
clsco. , • ¦
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 12— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro.'
Sailed April 12— Schr IncaV for Taku.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 12— Stmr Cottage
City, i from Skagway; stmr Humboldt, from
Ekagway. ' . . . •.
Sailed • April 12 — Stmr Dlrieo. for Skagway;
brig- Tanner, for Port Blakeley; schr J 1«
Ward, for. Unalaska: stmr Cottage City. -for
Tacoma. - :
- Arrived Auril 12 — Schr Albert • Mever,' from"
San Frarifcisco; Br ship Flngal, from Table
Bay.
Arrived April 12— Stmr Golden Gate, hence
April C. :.¦•.,,•- .-<.-..,
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived - Apri 1 11—
Stmr Gualala, hence April 10.' '¦ . ¦
Bailed ADril 12— Stmr Gualala, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
UMPQUA — Sailed - ADril 11— Schr Dora
Bluhm, for San Pedro.' J
PORT. GAMBLE — Arrived April 12— Bark
Tidal Wave, hence April 3. •
RAN PEHRO-i Arrived April 12— Schr Stim
son, from Ballard.
Sailed April 12 — Stmr Samoa, for San Frah
clcco. ' • : -
¦¦¦ APTORIA— Sailed April 12— Stmr Aberdeen,
for San Pedro. ¦ • ¦¦ . . : -.
NKjvh BAY— Paroad out April 12^ — Br stmr
Victoria, • for San Francisco. ¦ .
- EUREKA— Sailed April 12— Stmr i Arctic,'
pchr.Irla McKay and schr Mabel Gray. 'for San
Frirr1.«co. - ' . _ , .
PORT. ANGELES— Sailed April 12— Br ship
Flngfll, for Table Bay; stmr Tacoma. for
Hongkong; Br ship Peter Iredale, for Queens
town. *TT|flitfl|'-3-TTiivraf tfftoiirib*ximtyA
in hny April 12-^-Brig W G Irwin, for San
Francisco. £F*5fc*fe<*>?it**&Ptls»ES2
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
VESSEL WHICH WAS OBLIGED TO PUT BACK TO PORT YESTERDAY IN ORDER THAT THE SECOND OFFI
CER, WHO HAD FALLEN AND DISLOCATED HIS SHOULDER, MIGHT RECEIVE PROPER SURGICAL
TREATMENT. THE BRIG AT ONCE PUT TO SEA AGAIN.
Will Adjust Alexander Damage.
M. A. Newell & Co. have been appointed ad
justers in' the . matter of the British . schooner
Alexander. - which - recently ' went'' ashore at
Guayaquil.
The American ship Etarxf IUlr arrived yes
terday, seventy-seven flays from Newcastle.
Australia. The Marine Exchange, a local con
cern that dispenses chipping Information on the
cRtch-as-catch-can plan, reported the Star five
hours ahead of anybody, else - as a "British
chip." . The Merchants* Exchange later sup
plied the missing name and the correct nation
ality.
Star of Italy Arrives.
.-.*. . Saturday, April 12. -
Stmr . Spokane, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
•' Stmr •'• Columbia.* Doran. Astoria; - ¦ Oregon
Railroad - and Nav Co. . .,
' Stmr. Pomona,- Shea, Eureka: Goodall, Per
kins & Co.- • • 'I- , •-¦>'.-•..,
- Stmr Eureka, Weeden,' Seattle; : Globe Navi
gation. Co. . -...-•* .-..'. ,
Stmr Callfornian. - Lyona,"- Honolulu, via' Se
attle;. Williams.- Dimond & Co. -¦ -,• <
¦ Nor fctmr :- Tltania. • Beenes, ¦ Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons Co. »_•- -; --* . . . ..
Nor stmr > Tellus, - Pedersen, \. Ladysmith; ' R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co. . ¦. . , .,:.-'-.,
. Ship .Isaac Reed, , Kelly," Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn. ... * • ,'- " ,. v, r
Ger - ; shir Christine, ' Hamer, Queen3town ;
Glrvln & Eyre.' • ¦¦¦-.¦¦-
Bark Albert. Grifflths, Honolulu; Willlamb,
Dimond ' & Co. ¦¦¦¦-¦ ..,_»¦¦ ? . . ¦
•Bark Andrew Welch,' Drew, Honolulu; -Welch
&Co.. ¦¦- -"-..'-' '¦ -.'• .-, . .•..¦..--..' r:. :.--.>
¦ Bark ' Alden ¦ Besse, i Kessel, Honolulu; J D
United States Coasl and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. »; Published . by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
KOTE — The high and lew waters . occur at
Sun, Moon and Tids.
Saturday. April 12.
Stmr ' Queen, Hall, 56 hours from Victoria, .
etc . ¦:¦-.:•• :.; : V •:.-. I. ¦ <¦ , .
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 49 hours from
San Die~o.
: Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, C2 hours from
Grays Harbor. • .
Stmr Coronado. Johnson. 66 hours from
Grays Harbor. - - ' . • ¦ ¦¦¦¦.¦•
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, 18 hours from Rock»
port. • ¦ '.;.: "
- Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 23 hours -from Eureka
Stmr Argo, Hughes, 2t» hours from Eureka.
Stmr 1'hoenlx^ Odlund. 13 hours from Men
docino. • ; . . '
Stmr Rainier. Hanscn, 81 hours ' from New,
Whatco=i. \ . ¦ ¦
Stmr Fulton. I^evinson, 50 hours from • Hti
eneme. ¦ • -. - -
Stmr Cella, . Horan, 20 hours from 'Fort
Bragg. .-.---> - . . • - . ¦
• Stmr Newbunr, - Peterson, 64 hours , from
Grays Harbor. . . . ' , -
Dutch stmr Folmina. Van Eiken, 4 days ; 10
hours from Nanalmo. .. .
Ship Star -of Italy, "Wester. 77 / days , from
Newcastle, Ausv
Bark James Nesmlth, Warner, 33 days from
Acapulco. ' / ' .' ' • ¦ ;
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson," 15 days 1 from
Hllo. -». - ¦:- ' - V
Bark R P Rithet. McPhaill, 21 days from
Honolulu. ¦"¦ ¦ • ¦--¦¦'¦: ¦ . . -¦..-.. !
Bktn W H Dimond, Hansen, • 17 days from I
Honolulu. • " ' • . -
'¦ Schr •. Barbara '. Hernster, ' Benediktson, 81..
hours from Eureka. .
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, C days from Slus
law River. - ¦ -¦-¦.,..- - ,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The schooner Defender, which was \ cleared
yesterday for Apia, via Aberdeen, Wash.*, ? car
ried cargo from this port', valued at $4275,
consisting of the following': 200 cs canned
salmon, 1000 gals distillate, 55. pkgs bridge
material and 143,621 feet lumber.
A Cargo for Apia.
The German ship Christine was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders, 65,924 ctls
wheat, valued at ?75,£>12, and 26,400 fee; lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $422. . ' -^
Wheat Clearance.
The British' ship Montgomeryshire . is char
tered for redwood for Cork tor orders, at. 60s.
The schooner C. S. Holmes is chartered --.' for
lumber from Hadlock to Suva, Fiji Islands,
at 4Ts 6d. The British shlp-Flngal will load
wheat at Tacoma. for Europe at 24s 3d (short
lay days). The barkentlne Skaglt loads lum
ber at Gamble for Hilo. ¦
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. .
MEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S."N., Mer
. chants' Exchange, San Francisco, - Cal.,
April 12. 1902.
The lime Ball on the s tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., la charge.
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are • in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is* subtracted from the • depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. < -.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early moral n 5 tides aTe given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
Will Have American Register.
The Government has advertised the sale of
the transport Rosecrans and sealed bids will be
received by the general superintendent of the
transport service until noon or April 24. The
Egbert Is also to be sold, but will have to be
surveyed by a valuation board before bids are
asked. The Rosecrans. although a foreign
built ship, will be given American register.
The Egbert loses her right to fly Old Glory
when she passes out of the Government's hands.
She was a British ship when Uncle Sam bought
her and a British ship she will be again, just
as soon as he sells her. It will require an act
of Congress to give the Egbert American reg
istry.
Cannery Boats Clear.
Quite a fleet of vessels cleared yesterday for
Bristol. Bay with supplies and cannery labor
ers aboard. They will all get to sea early this
morning. Those that cleared yesterday were
the ships Electra, Tacoma, Slntram, Bohemia
and the bark Nicholas Thayer. ¦
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
,- Francoise i d'Amboise dears.
The French bark Francoise d'Amboise. which
recently returned from sea on account of car
rying away her rudder, cleared yesterday -for
Antwerp.
uals, nine hospital corps men and
three members of the signal corps. In ad
dition to these she carried sixteen officers
and thirty-five cabin passengers. The lat
ter included four school teachers. Among
the others were army wives and children
and civilian employes and their families.
Two brides-to-be were assigned trans
portation on the Kilpatrick, but only one
of them. Miss Cora Gordon, sailed. Army
passenger lists are peculiar for the con
cise descriptive note following each name.
The bride-to-be that did not go was Mrs.
Ida Weddell. The names appear on the
passenger list* as follows:
Miss Cora Gordon, fiancee captain, Fifth
Cavalry.
Mrs. Ida "Weddell and child, fiancee
lieutenant, Seventeenth Infantry.
Two battalions of the Fifteenth Cavalry
were to have sailed, on the Kilpatrick.
The order was rescinded at the last mo
ment, however, the reason given being
that 'no more unasslgried troops would be
sent to the Philippines for the present.
The cabin passengers were:
Major Zerah W. Torrey. Captain Robert B.
I*. Spence, Lieutenants Linwood E. Hanson,
Raymond S. Enslow, E. E. Carroll, J. M. Cul
llson. A. E. Deltsch, J. C. Murphy, C. E.
Reese, S. G. Talbott, A. M. Hall. G. C7 Mar
shall. Assistant Surgeons W. - G. Miller. Ed
ward V. Romig;, Mrs. Grace Burnham, Mrs.
Adams Corwlne and daughter, Mrs. L. M. Al
len and son. Mips Caroline L- Danford, Miss
Cora Gordon and sister, S. R. Stephens, Wil
fred J. Brown, Mrs. George M. Havice and
three children, M. Wendell, J. L. MeKenney,
D. A. Everett, F. M. Woodward, Mrs. Mary
Maurer, C. S. Carlson, B. Bradley, Mrs. Annie
L. Squier, P. E. Burns, Mrs. 1* K. Miller, Mrs.
A. Bauman, F. W. Stean Jr. and three chil
dren. Mrs. J. A. Johnson and two children,
Arthur A. McBrlde, Mrs. R. S. Enslow. . Mrs:
L. W. Torrey, S. M. Owen and Lieutenant
Maloney.
I-NETEAD of carrying over 600 troops,
as originally intended, the transport
Kilpatrick sailed for Manila yester
day with only 115 recruits and; cas-
ARMY TRANSPORT KILPATRICK SAILS FOR PHILIPPINE
ISLANDS WITH A LIGHT DETACHMENT OF SOLDIERS
THE ;^S^tN| FBiA^ICISCO 'CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 13, 1902..
SUNDAY, APRIL 13
TO SAIL.
26
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 12
Arctic. ...... Humboldt Apr. 1"
Derpatch.... San Pedro Apr. 13
Progreso Seattle . Apr. 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 13
EnntaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 13
Sequoia." San Pedro Apr. 33
San Pedro. . . Santa Barbara Apr. 13
BanMateo... Nanaimo Apr. 14
Neko Hamburg via West Coast Apr. 14
Sinta Monica San Pedro Apr. U
6 Barbara... Grays Harbor Apr. 14
Arcata Coos Bay ...Apr. 13
Crescent City Crescent City Apr. 13
Pomona....... Humboldt Apr. 15
Alameda Honolulu Apr. 15
China China & Japan Apr. 18
a. W. Elder. i Portland < &<- Astoria.... Apr. 13
Victoria Oyster . Harbor Apr. 15
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Apr.' 1Q
Coos Bay.;.. San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 17
Uroatllla.... Puse-t Sound Ports...!. Apr. 17
Bpokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. 17
Lakme Portland & Astoria Apr. 17
Eureka...... Humboldt Apr. 17
Rival.. Willapa Harbor Apr. 18
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 18
Mardalay. . . CoqulUe River Apr. IS
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 1»
G. Dollar. . . . drays Harbor Apr. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 20
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Doric China & Japan Apr. 22
City of Puebl Pupet Sound Ports Apr. 22
Santa Ann... Seattle & Tacoma JApr. 22
Argyll I New York via "Panama. (Apr. 24
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
Huznboldt. . . .| Skagw.ay & Way Ports. JApr. 14
lserina Cocivs Inlet «t w'ay I'th. iApr. IS
Santa Ana... Cook* Inlet & Way Pis. Apr. 10
Cottage CHy. Kkarway & Way Ports. I Apr. 13
City Seattle.. Pkagway & W'ay Portal Apr.' 17
CltyoXTopeta Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr. 20
Farallon..... Skapway & Way Ports. I Apr. 20
Noise City. .'. iCome direct '....' I Apr. 21
Jeanle Nome direct IApr. 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.JApr. 25
ier.
April 13.
AlllancB... Portland & Way Pts 10 amlPler 10
Spokane... San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
North Fork. Humboldt U amlPIer i
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.lll amipier 2*
April 14. |
A»eo Ferndale & Eel Hlv. 4 pmlPler 2
Ccrcnado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm|PJer 2
Despatch. .• Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pmlPler 18
Seouola.... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Eureka.... Humboldt ....12 m Pier 13
April 15.
Arctic %. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor Pier
KfTbxirg.. Grays Harbor .' 5 pm Pier 2
S. Monica. . Huinboldt 10 am|Pier 2
H. K. Marti China & Japan I 1 pmlPMSS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. .110 am I Pier fi
April 1O. I I
Santa Cruz. KeTrport & W»C Pts, a am^Pler li
Queen..... Puget. Sound Ports H a;n Pier 9
Rainier.... Seattle' & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
April 17.
EtataCal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humbohit 1:30 p Pl»r 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m|PIer 13
J.S.Klmb'll Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April IS. |
O. Klder. .. Actnria *- It am Pier II
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
April 10. | . - I .;
Pt Arena.. Point Arena I 2 rm.Pl^r 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Portland... Nome via Seattle Pier —
April 20.
Coos Bay.. Pan Hcdro At Way.i 9 am PVr 11
Lakme Astoria * Portland I IPier —
April 21.
Umatilla... Pupet Sound Ports. 11 amlPIer 9
Mandalay.. Coqullle River . 4 pmlPler 2
Rival Willapa Harbor •. ... 5 pmlPier 2
April Z».
China China & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor | 5 pmlPler 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandlll amlPlcr 24
; un rises
Sun sets '.
Moon nets 0:00 i
•5:3S
.6:43
l. m.
O"<Tini« - Time - Time '¦ Time
o Ft. Ft. Ft.
oHW LW HW LiW
13~ "2I26 ~a!l "0T3I ITo 4^50 "TB 0:30
U 3:31 4.9 10:39 0.2 6:55 4.6 11:00
L5 4:42 4.7 11:43 0.4 6:53 4.8
L W H W L \V H W
16 0:17 . 2.9 6:04 4.5 12:42 0.6 7:45
17 1:23 2.5 7:22 4.0 1:3S 0.8 8:31
L8 2:20 .1.9 8:31 4.7 2:33 1.1 9:13
.9 3:10 1.4 9:32 4.8 3:10 1.3 9:51
3.C
3.1
6.C
5.r
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
Huznboldt. . . .| Skagw.ay & Way Ports. JApr. 14
lserina Cocivs Inlet «t w'ay I'th. iApr. IS
Santa Ana... Cook* Inlet & Way Pis. Apr. 10
Cottage CHy. Kkarway & Way Ports. I Apr. 13
City Seattle.. Pkagway & W'ay Portal Apr.' 17
CltyoXTopeta Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr. 20
Farallon..... Skapway & Way Ports. I Apr. 20
Noise City. .'. iCome direct '....' I Apr. 21
Jeanle Nome direct IApr. 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.JApr. 25
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 12
Arctic. ...... Humboldt Apr. 1"
Derpatch.... San Pedro Apr. 13
Progreso Seattle . Apr. 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 13
EnntaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 13
Sequoia." San Pedro Apr. 33
San Pedro. . . Santa Barbara Apr. 13
BanMateo... Nanaimo Apr. 14
Neko Hamburg via West Coast Apr. 14
Sinta Monica San Pedro Apr. U
6 Barbara... Grays Harbor Apr. 14
Arcata Coos Bay ...Apr. 13
Crescent City Crescent City Apr. 13
Pomona....... Humboldt Apr. 15
Alameda Honolulu Apr. 15
China China & Japan Apr. 18
a. W. Elder. i Portland < &<- Astoria.... Apr. 13
Victoria Oyster . Harbor Apr. 15
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Apr.' 1Q
Coos Bay.;.. San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 17
Uroatllla.... Puse-t Sound Ports...!. Apr. 17
Bpokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. 17
Lakme Portland & Astoria Apr. 17
Eureka...... Humboldt Apr. 17
Rival.. Willapa Harbor Apr. 18
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 18
Mardalay. . . CoqulUe River Apr. IS
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 1»
G. Dollar. . . . drays Harbor Apr. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 20
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Doric China & Japan Apr. 22
City of Puebl Pupet Sound Ports Apr. 22
Santa Ann... Seattle & Tacoma JApr. 22
Argyll I New York via "Panama. (Apr. 24
; un rises
Sun sets '.
Moon nets 0:00 i
•5:3S
.6:43
l. m.
O"<Tini« - Time - Time '¦ Time
o Ft. Ft. Ft.
oHW LW HW LiW
13~ "2I26 ~a!l "0T3I ITo 4^50 "TB 0:30
U 3:31 4.9 10:39 0.2 6:55 4.6 11:00
L5 4:42 4.7 11:43 0.4 6:53 4.8
L W H W L \V H W
16 0:17 . 2.9 6:04 4.5 12:42 0.6 7:45
17 1:23 2.5 7:22 4.0 1:3S 0.8 8:31
L8 2:20 .1.9 8:31 4.7 2:33 1.1 9:13
.9 3:10 1.4 9:32 4.8 3:10 1.3 9:51
3.C
3.1
6.C
5.r
ier.
April 13.
AlllancB... Portland & Way Pts 10 amlPler 10
Spokane... San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
North Fork. Humboldt U amlPIer i
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.lll amipier 2*
April 14. |
A»eo Ferndale & Eel Hlv. 4 pmlPler 2
Ccrcnado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm|PJer 2
Despatch. .• Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pmlPler 18
Seouola.... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Eureka.... Humboldt ....12 m Pier 13
April 15.
Arctic %. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor Pier
KfTbxirg.. Grays Harbor .' 5 pm Pier 2
S. Monica. . Huinboldt 10 am|Pier 2
H. K. Marti China & Japan I 1 pmlPMSS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. .110 am I Pier fi
April 1O. I I
Santa Cruz. KeTrport & W»C Pts, a am^Pler li
Queen..... Puget. Sound Ports H a;n Pier 9
Rainier.... Seattle' & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
April 17.
EtataCal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humbohit 1:30 p Pl»r 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m|PIer 13
J.S.Klmb'll Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April IS. |
O. Klder. .. Actnria *- It am Pier II
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
April 10. | . - I .;
Pt Arena.. Point Arena I 2 rm.Pl^r 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Portland... Nome via Seattle Pier —
April 20.
Coos Bay.. Pan Hcdro At Way.i 9 am PVr 11
Lakme Astoria * Portland I IPier —
April 21.
Umatilla... Pupet Sound Ports. 11 amlPIer 9
Mandalay.. Coqullle River . 4 pmlPler 2
Rival Willapa Harbor •. ... 5 pmlPier 2
April Z».
China China & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor | 5 pmlPler 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandlll amlPlcr 24
Another remarkable case Is that of E. W.
Drummond. of ' Garland, Kansas. Mr. Drum-
mend wns totally blind. Four leading physi-
cians had told him there was absolutely no
hope for recovery.' He writes: "As I was
totally blind in both eyes, a renowned special-
ist told me there was no hope. I was almost
crazed on account of this terrible affliction. I
heard of Prof. - Weltmer, the great Nevada
healer, and : placed myself under his care. He
treated me three days in his office and told me
to go home and he would continue treating me
at my home. In two weeks I^pould distinguish
light from darkness, and in less than one
month I could see perfectly. I shall ever re-
gard Prof. Weltmer as my savior, and may
heaven's richest blesslag ever be his in his ef-
fortr to bring health and happiness to the af-
flicted thousands all over this land."
Prof. S. A. Weltmer, the noted scientist of
Nevada, Mo., and the originator of ths 'Welt-
mer method of healing diseases without the
knife and without medicines, has demonstrated
in thousands of Instances that his method of
treatment was of such an efficacious nature
that there were very few of the chronic dis-
eases heretofore termed hopeless and incurable,
that would not succumb to hU method. Thou-
sands of people — men, women and children in
overy walk of life — have "testified; many of
them on their oath, that Weltmerism had cured
them after their family physicians and others
had termed their cases incurable. He has
alro had under his care men and women of
national reputation, such as United States Sen-
ators, Congressmen and Governors of States,
people to whom any method of treatment is
available, and as they have attested to this
grand -treatment it certainly must have in it
elements of unusual strength., To hear -of a
man 7 in this century being able to make .the
deaf - hear, the blind see and the lame walk,
reverts our minds back-to ths miracles of olden
times. Tet. these sensational cures have been
perfected from time to- time by Prof/ S.'
A. WeUmer. Take,' for instance, the case of
Mrs! Indiana Godwin, wife of Thomas W. God-
win, who is the head of -the "great Virginia
Iron Works Co., Norfolk. Va. Mrs. Godwin
suffered for many years with deafness and head
noises. She waa pronounced absolutely incur-
able by the best ear specialists In the United
States. She was permanently cured by Prof.
Weltmer's famous absent - treatment method.
Eho writes* under date of February 28: "My
husband took me to the Clifton Springs Sani-
tarium of New York, where la supposed to be
the best rklU and talent in the United States.
I was Informed that my case was hopeless and
a cure Impossible. We came home, my mind
made up to bear my affliction, when I saw
Prof. Weltmer's advertisement. I determined
to try It. with little hope, but Imagine my
surprise when In four days after taking the
absent treatment, I could hear the clock tick
on the mantel while lying in my bed. and I con-
tinued to grow better and better, until to-day I
can hear better than ever before. May the Great
and Blessed God. who is all mercy and com-
passion, abundantly bless, guide and direct
Prof. Weltmer in the great work of healing tha
Intiimlties of suffering humanity." •
PROF. S. A.
WELTMER.
Possibly one of the most remarkable ease*
that Is known to science la - that of L. D.
Trlplett. a highly esteemed citizen of 1310 Main
street. Akron. O.. who suffered from a terrible
electric shock, fvhlch caused his body, from,
hl3 waist to his feet, to become paralyzed. Be
became an Invalid and was unable to use his
lower limbs. Hla stomach refused to do It*
natural duties and gradually he became almost
a living skeleton. A few months ago he placed
himself under Prof. Weltmer's care, but be-
fore doing this he called on his family physi-
cian and asked him to carefully examine him.
The physician did so. and said that he could
do nothing for him. His improvement under
Prof. WeUmer waa almost immediate, and in
three weeks* time he was able to sit up. With-
in . five weeks his stomach waa acting in its
natural way. the first time in six years. He
is now a happy and healthy man, in full pos-
session of his faculties and body, and a hen rt
full of appreciation of the marvelous care made
through Prof. Weltmer"3 method. Nojmatter
what your disease nor how many have termed
it incurable, there is hope for you in this won-
derful treatment, which does away with knife
and drugs as well as all torturous methods.
It -re not necessary for you to leave your bom*
to receive this treatment, for you can be cured
at your own home. J no matter what distance
you may live. Send your name and address to
Prof. S. A. Weltmer, Dept. A34, Nevada, Mo.,
end receive full information and convincing
testimonials free. :
MAGNETIC JOURNAL FREE.
Prof. S. A. 'Weltmer proposes t» «;lv« eaefe
of our readers absolutely fre« a copy of hi*
magnetic Journal. This Journal contains 40
pages of the best book paper. Is handsomely
illustrated with beautiful halftone photo-
graphs, and Is brimful o£ vital Interest to
every man and woman . living; who wishes
health, wealth and happiness. Simply send
your name and address to Prof. S. A Weltmer
Dept. A34. , Nevad*. Mo., mentioning this pa-
per, and you will receive The Magnetlo Journal
absclutely -free. As this distribution Is only
meant for those who wish to be cured of their
disease, or those who wish to take up- tha
study of this noble and lucrative profession,
we trust no one will send for Tbe Magnetic
Journal out of Idle curiosity.
ADVEKTISE3CENTS.
FIVE COLLAR
||£pS^^ ELECTRIC BELT
Nal^^^^^^aaf-H' sell at *15 and
a w?jyi^S>S 2 *- 1 *^ $20. Guaranteed
1' '«^F genuine. Power-
~&? <|* ful current. Latest , tm-
¦ /arf^ movements. It , cures
' /.Tic without . medicine. Not
sold by agents or druggists. No discount*.
Free by mall on receipt of price. Circulars
£;*?• i. As £ 7 or tbo -' " Dr - Alden Electric
Belt. — Call • . or address - the PIKRCB
ELECTRIC CO., 2O« Post.* St.. S. - V. "
Kow any man may quickly cure himself after
years of BUfff ring from eexual weakness, lost
¦vitality,' night 'losses, varicocele.* etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your • name and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building, Detroit.
Mich., and they will gladly send the free re-
ceipt . with full , directions so any , man . may
rcslly cure himself at home. This is certainly
a mod generous offer, . and . the following- ex-
tracts taken from their daily mall, show what
men think of their generosity: ¦
' "Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thank*
for ypurs of. recent date. I have given' your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I t.ra Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am.""-
¦ "Dear Sirs: . Your method . worked beauti-
fully. It esults were exactly what r I needed
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory.". =
"Dear Sirs: Tours was received and I had
no trouble In making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say It is a boon to
weak men. I • am • greatly Improved in size,
strength and vigor. "_¦ . .-.-?•
. All correspondence ; is ' strictly : confidential
in, plajn, sealed , envelope. The receipt
«s free for the asking and they want every man
to nave lt.V^MBMB|
Insures . ILove and a Happy Home
for Ail.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
> Why will not; all men insist upon 1 having it, when it is so easy to get and to
keep. Some men are eaten alive by tape- worms, others wander hopelessly for
. years dying slow deaths from bowel disease.
¦ • ¦n3^i _ — -' '->¦. '-*' After talrtnc two Cnscarctg, there came on tho scene »tctt
'^g==5§8jVB!?3^. ' unexpected visitor in the sh»pe of» tape-ironn eighteen feet
>»2?^—S/S£^?5*l. lon & •$ l««"it. which I am sure ranged my bad health for three
years."-Geo. W. Bowie*, Buird, Hiss.
¦ IBSsizr • " "•¦" \^^^M| ."After taklne Cascarets I have had a natural relief Without
ifpSrV ¦ 21*11 takine medicine of any sort iluring the past two weeks. This
' ' IBfia ' . wHil no * occorr<> o for IS years." - -. - • '. . *
C$9 VvJ '•-'¦- —Chas. E. Penny. 601 Yntes Ave.. Brookljn.
t~ftT i i * * v f.'5\ "For Mire* years I havo been afflicted with diabetes. Since
¦ffgWTl, . "^ fimO <Sral using Cascarets I hare found creat relief aud feel that I mm»
VS&ef^^ET tTS^^tS. Mfr aen<1 y° n m J' Personal recommendation."
"\ffir '^ ¦¦"¦'¦¦'¦ M/ ¦ . -C.H. Lyman. 813 West Ave., Buffalo. N. T.
UnNLr Ldfi " w_ wflt Af "* h * T8 been using Ca*carets for stomach trouble of sti
¦ ">V--V faOzZJCdrixHrJQ!&3S.\'VI - years standing. 1 am cured and recommend them to all who
S^^^S^^^^^U need " remedy."- Rov. E. M. Chandler, Mill P. O., JIo.
gfe^agfi^g^rsSi "pancarets cured me of the piles, with which 1 had lone
TO^ffi^w»*^;iy^ay suftered."— J. L. Wollesou. Perry. Oklahoma.
rS^MB^S^V©* L "Cascarets are the only rrmedy I have ever nued that causa
A^ff^nkw^ Pi f ""?*<• e * By . movement of the bowels without impnirinc thi
M 'I»" ;": : -;/ unc . tI^ g «fthe stomach." — Cha». S. Campbell. Sunbury, Pa.
» «S& '• -'7^8^ ftftft ¦"' ¦¦' -' 11 ] ™ 8 ?2 c »«careti for insomnia! with which i 1 have bean -
_Zfl»ftA I ' ' ¦ ¦ fmnvltk ' ' ' **"' c ted for twenty years. : They gave mo Immediate r»1Uf."
I jg^^fafe^ ' —Thos. Gillord, Elgin, llllnoit.
* / j&B$3$iiffi&b>*.jL i!'li haT * Blven Cascarets a thoron^h trial in aa>
\MHa£Sm&8t££m8B*SrKE&7<-. obstinate caso of constipation at a time when piles
tMw were forinine. It yielded nicely to tho treatment."
sS^^Sa^^T E&§3 '¦""." ; *•-"¦/ — T. Dale Givan, II. D..Niia. Mo.
VKif^VfeiVA I&&J ¦ V. "Caaearets enred me of flu of lone standing.
%M fjf\ fiET' They are worth their weieht in diamonda."
; vSv *1k^' ¦ ¦ "-' ~ t«eopold Kahn, Wapakoneta, Ohio.
Business " as well as social life . of today . is • one of . strain ; andt effort^ and the
struggle 'for existence in competition makes life a^fight day in day but, in which \
care of blood : is ; more Tor less neglected. : Men wonder what's
• wrbng~ with % them .' S No ' man , can I stand \ such ; unnatural ' conditions unless ha •
counteracts them ' by : using Cascarets \ Candy Cathartic, causing regularity "o£ '¦
body ; in 'spite of < irregularity ., of { habits. A' man who , ' ' feels ; bad" should take
Cascarets.^find oat what's 'wrong '"and bo i cured.\
/Jpfrx /»/%W rtfVv 2? 8t for * he Bowel*. All dnierfsts, loc, »3c, 50c. Never sold In bulk.
tW<AVWwVW - The eenuine tablet stamped CCC. Guaranteed to cure or your money
'^^^m—-—^^^^^^ '— back.;' Sample and booklet free.*"- Address - ,' ."•• '-.....••
» ; - T^»«B|*^^T^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago'or New York. bi ,
. ' * * ' ' '
To-morrow morning we Inaugurate a
Great exhibition and sale of the very
chcicest and the most costly American
pianofortes ever seen in San Francisco.
G rends and uprights, in cases of the very
fanciest and rarest mottled mahogany,
Er^lish oak and figured or burl walnut.
- eniion was made last week of th» ar-
rival of a carload of the time-tried and
tir-.e-honored Hazelton pianos, aid we
beg to call attention of musicians, and
music lovers to the beautiful creations of
tho Messrs. Hazelton now to be seen at
cur salesrooms.
I\o matter what claims may be made for
otr.er makes of pianos, there is not a
l)li.no manufacturer in America who has ;
Ei uniformly maintained the very highest
artistic standard of his pianos for nearly
ha f a century as have the Hazeltons.
Ycu will find here now the very choicest
Ei. lections from this renowned factory in
cabinet grand uprights and parlor and
L«_3y grands.
Attention has also been called to the
r :¦ pected arrival of a large shipment of
iho famous many toned "Crown" pianos.
*j Ley arrived late last week, and more
Uautiful pianos in every respect were
never seen than these fancy Crown up-
il^ht pianos.
jThere was a time when all that could
to had in a jiano was the regular piano
tc ae.
Tis different now.
By means of the many toned Crown
p. ano a player is enabled to imitate and
j <. produce perfectly the tones of a dozen
or more different musical instruments,-
Ei:ch as the harp, mandolin, zither, banjo,
e;c. A practice clavier, valuable to all
l'iano students, is also supplied in this
T ano.
L'nlike the so-called "attachments," the
instrumental features of Crown pianos
tasrm the instrument from wear. .They are
therefore warranted by the makers, a3
\. ell a s by ourselves, for double the usual
length of lime.
In the now famous Kimball pianos we
r.re able to show but two different styles
just at this time. The great Kimball fac-
lories — greatest on earth— are very much
l>ehind orders. They will not permit their
jiianos to be unduly hurried; everything
must be carefully tried and tested before
a piano leaves the factory, and we there-
fore have to await our turn along with
other large dealers in this country and
abroad.
A carload of New Scale Klmballs is ex-
pected to arrive here Tuesday, however,
and still another will come in toward the
end of the week, eo that in a few days we
shall be able to show a- most comprehen-
sive assortment of these renowned and
popular pianos also.
But the two styles of the Kimball now
here are beauties in case design, finish
and tone quality.
The famous World's Fair exhibition
styles, in fancy quarter-sawed English
cak cases, deserve special mention. •
Also the dainty new small Colonial
styles, in mottled walnut and fancy se-
lected mahogany cases.
SOMETHING ABOUT PRICES.
Such instruments as above described
have heretofore been sold at $500, $60J,
yes, even 1700 and $T50. But our principle
of "quick sales and email profits" will be
as rigidly applied to these pianos as to
every other make handled by us.
You can safely count on being able to
eecure one of these pianos here now at a
caving cf $100, $150 and in some cases even
a clean $200. Every instrument is marked
«nd will be sold at absolutely one price.
No more will ever be asked, no less will
ever be accepted, except the 3 per cent
<Uscount for all cash with order.
SEVERAL 0FTHES300 PIANOS
FOR $186 LEFT.
A number of the beautiful regular $£00
uprights advertised during the past ten
days at the astonishingly low price of $1S6
and $1S3 can still be obtained here. Nor Is
this the cheapest piano that we handle.
Instruments usually sold for $250 are here
$137— the $200 kinds ara 4138— ami everythng
we Bell is fully warranted. Please bear,
this In mind. "Money back if not as rep-
resented or satisfactory" applies to every-
thing we selL r '.^
IN SECOND-HAND PIANOS.
Square pianos and old uprights are
never allowed ¦ to accumulate on our
hands. During the past week we /have
received a great many of these old timers
In part payment for new pianos, end all
of these old ones must be sold during the
coming week. Take your choice for $3 a
month. Emerson, Antisell, Gabler. J. P.
Hale, Chickering, Young, Kimball and
others— prices ?23,.J74. $38 and $47. _ _ , ;^-
ORGANS —"CHURCH AND PAR-
LOR ORGANS. -
Remember, we- are headquarters for
reed and pipe organs^ Chapel organs,
large and small; large two-manual pipo
organs; tiny folding organs for mission-
aries and camping parties:.- beautiful wal-
nut and oak cased Kimball and other
makes of parlor organs:
See the fine new reed organs we are
now selling for $5S— $8 down and $4 a
month. Other styles, also brand new, $37.
M5 and up to $118 for the fanciest solid
walnut Kimball exhibition parlor organ
ever shown in the city.
PIANO STOOLS AND PIANO
SCARFS.
Another carload shipment Just received.
Choice piano scarfs, fancy figured dam-
asks, French velours and silka. $2.85; an
elegant piano Btool for $2.50, others for
less money.
; Remember the street number, 653 Mar-
ket street, opposite Kearny. Pommer-
Etlers Music Company, the "busiest and
best piano store." • -
To Commence at
?ommer - Eilers
Warerooms
Monday
Morning,
in roductoiy Sale ol the Choic-
est, Most Costly and High-
est Grade Pianos — A De-
scription of Some of the
Instruments, and General
Piano Store News.
THE BLIND MADE TO SEE,
THE DEAF TO HEAR,
H , THE LAME TO WALK.
THE MAGNETIC JOURNAL, A 42-PAGE ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE, FREE TO ALL
Sensational Cures Made^Through Weltmerism,
the Drugless Method Originated by Prof.
S. A. Weltmer, the Noted Scientist
of Nevada, Mo.
j ijjl
1
jf^ Comfortable traveling 1 orvthc tt
CALiForaiii\ Limited
is like the leisurely resudhvij of zv. delightful illiLsti-addd book
BlBgbj ~ vPB&in Bi j'"7
A TVUTrnflPTRTTM KM'ISl
AD VEBTISEMENTS.Another Track Contemplated.
.The maintenance of way department -of
the Southern Pacific Railroad is figuring
on the cost of another track from Port
Costa to Davisville. The railroad com
pany-finds that its traffic necessitates an
other track. The proposed track is in
embryo, but if it is built patrons of the
rond s will receive better, and faster ser
v'.cc. . " '. . - . • -
•.'Rehearing denied." With this brief ex
pression the Supreme Court yesterday
forever settled the executors' fight- for the
control of the millions left by the late
James G. Fair. The last resource : has
been exhausted and now the Falr^ heirs
can divide and spend the enormous for
tune involved in the litigation as suits
their own desires.
The court annulled Fair's will part and
parcel a little less than a month, ago. By
the term" of the will William S. Good
fellow, James Angus, Thomas Crothera
and their successors were empowered to
control the estate after the death ot
Fair's three children, J3y the decision ot
the -Supreme. Court, the property, bott»
real, and' personal, passes Immediately
into the hands of Charles Fair, Virgin!*
Vanderbllt and Theresa Oelrichs.
The attorneys for the executors, a few
days after the opinion was rendered, filed
a petition for a rehearing. This was their
last resort. - On Friday Garret. McEner
ney, acting In behalf of the executors;
filed a second" petition for a rehearing.
Yesterday morning he filed a third petition.
Yesterday afternoon the court placed on
record its final decision, In. the words
"Rehearing denied." That is the answer
to the three petitions in which were em
bodied the results of so much leffal re
search and so much refined and pointed
sarcasm. ._
It means that the contest over the Fair
estate* valued- at approximately $1S,OOQ,000.
is finally disposed of. Mrs. Craven Is still
trying to institute further litigation, but
Is meeting with the most discouraging re
sults. William S. Goodfellow has within
a few days taken steps to withdraw from
his position as executor. The various atr
torneys who. have handled the lengthy
litigation have collectively secured about
$2,000,000 from the estate as fees for their
services. No other contests are threat
ened or thought of, so far as is known. .
Dr. Bennett would have sent the '. $3000
to Mains had he not been warned in time
by his banker.' He . will appear at the
trial as a witness against Mains.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday re
ported a - true bill of indictment against
Charles R. Mains,' the representative ' of
a fake four-blllJon-dollar syndicate. ' The
indictment contains three counts, each
one of which charges Mains with having
devised a scheme to defraud Dr. Charles
E. Bennett ¦ of Wauseon, Ohio, out of
money, which scheme was to be effected
by communication with Bennett through
the postoffice. The indictment charges
further that Mains attempted to secure
from Bennett $3000 in consideration of his
making Bennett president of the four
billion-dollar syndicate. Each count
quotes a 1 long. letter from Mains- to. hi3
intended victim, and the allegation is
made that he posted or caused to be post
ed these letters . in the United States
mails. ¦* - ¦ ¦¦.-¦'.¦
Dr. Bennett Out of
$3000.
Is Charged With Attempt, to Bunko
The following are named as candidates
for. the office of grand protector: A. H.
Anderson of Sacramento, Mrs. Frances J.'
Williams of San Francisco, H. Frledlander
of San Frapciseo and Louis G. Wolfe of
Oakland; for grand vice protector, W. C.
Hearn and S. Hyams of this city. No one
has been suggested in opposition to- the
Incumbent grand secretary, H. W. Quit
tow, nor to A. Gomr>ertz, the Incumbent
frand treasurer.
On the evening of the first day there
will be a banquet to the omcers and rep
resentatives. The reports to be presented
will show that the order at this time is
in better condition than It has been for
many years.
An effort will be made to have passed
a law authorizing" the payment of trav
eling expenses to a deputy at large while
engaged in the work of extending the
order.
The question of having biennial ses
sions, instead of annual sessions, will
again be brought up on the ground of
economy. It is claimed that there is lit
tle occasion for new la.ws for the order
and the money that could be saved by
having a session but once in two years
could be used for extension purposes. ¦- '
At" this session all members in . good
standing will be permitted the floor, but
no A'oice or vote.
Z. T. Whitten, grand protector; L. G.
Wolfe, jrand vice protector; H. W.
Qaltxow, grand secretary; A. Gompertt, grand
treasurer; Ellen Fltsgerald, grand chaplain;
France* J. Williams, grand guide; Mies M.
K. McDonald, er&nd guardian; Mrs. M. G.
Perry, grand sentinel; Mrs. E. E. Hall, D.
J. Galraud and Charles Halm, grand trustees;
Mre It. Wheelock. supreme representative; H.
K. Cummines. alternate; T. H. Buckley, J. C.
Plerson, Sarah Beversen, Emma Quitsow and
E. J Colombo, past grand protectors; A. S.
Cook, Lizzie A. Bapp, G. Widder, Mrs. W. B.
noth, Mrs. U. American, G.«F. Wenzel, IS.
E. Van Straten. A. N. Grant, C C. O'Donnell,
E. F. Alken, Joseph A. Leonard, S. Straus?,
George J. Vincent and J. P. Dockery, charter
members; B. American, H. FVledlander, A.
Thelpa, J". J. Joyce, Mrs. E. R. CDonnell,
E. H. Bourrlsnon, Dorris J. Kaplan, Mrs. M.
Whltten, Phoebe Dunzweller, Eila« Orr, W. F.
Foss, standing' committee; W. C. Hearn, An
toinette Graff, Marie Hahn, Anna Brlgham, J.
J. Kldder. Harmony S. Hyatnc. Dr. K. Kemp
Van I>, -Jennie Dir.klage, Emella Burdin,
Frederlka Webber, J. H. Alken. Nellie Dock
ery. H. C. Trapharen, Sr Conradl and Mary
E. Sullivan, deleg-ates. • •---•';
The next session, of the Grand.Lodge of
California of the order of "Knights and
Ladles of Honor will open 'at 10 o'clock
next Tuesday morning 1 in one of the halls
»f Pythian Castle. • ' : ' i - . .-
The Grand Lodge is composed of the fol
lowing officers:
EOUE-BILLIOIT-DPI/LAB
%--• ' MAINS IS i INDICTED
Knights and Ladies of
Honor Will Hold v
Session.
Executors Are Defeated
in Their Final
Effort. t
LODGE TO MEET
IN PYTHIAN HALL
FIGHT FOR FAIR
ESTATE IS OVER
There Is a great amount of prospecting
in tho Providence range of mountains In
San Bernardino County. Several deposits
of ore carrying high values in gold have
recently been discovered and great ledges
of hematite have been uncovered on the
west slope. The Providence Gold and Cop
per Company is also opening up some
properties in the Arrow district, which ia
near by; .. ,- -.N • ¦ • ; : ' -
For many years Mexicans and : Indiana have
been washing out large amounts of gold from
all three rivers and their tributaries, but never
has machinery been used which would permit
the deep dredging of the sands. A company
composed of Cincinnati, Chicago, and New York
people is securing placer claims' along the river
beds, and by the erection of a system of dams
and flumes expects to simultaneously wash the
sands along the several miles of the rivers
and with the aid Of great dredgers .go to bed
rock for the gold, which by virtue of Us weight
must be deposited there.
Colorado, Blg_ "Williams - and • Hasayampa
rivers. - The Herald says: . l v
The " Los Angeles Herald has a : report
that plans ; are in ¦. formation . for very • sx
tcuslve'. operations in Arizona along "the
- "An experiment ' in metallurgy is about ¦ to be
tried near the city of - Prescott. '; Ariz. . on . a
large scale* The > George A. * Treadwell ' Com
pany is : to , erect ' a > 100-ton oil-burning smelter
on -the Mountain Queen group," an extension of
the.Boggs mine. The smelter is the Invention
of M. ' P. Boss of San Francisco, .who will erect
It and will have : charge r - of. the , plant. ' Th«»
machinery has been ordered from Chicago : and
ls-to be delivered -by May, 1... The furnace .is
of . a '• different type from . the ' regular ' water
jacket smelter. . It is : nearly horizontal and . Is
arranged . somewhat on the reverberatory style,
the fierce flames , from . the oil : burners , playing
upon .the ; ore ; from the . lower chamber; . The
process ¦ is ¦wholly, experimental,^ but • tha com
pany and the inventor, confidently predict | thvt
crude oil. will be. used wholly In the Southwest
before s lonw r instead i of . coke j for • the i smeitlng
of ore." : .The ; company Is fortunate-ln having
ample -water 'uupply: with :a ; fall 1 . of .1500 feet,
developing ' enough « power _ to enable . the .fcom
pany ' to dispense entirely i with steam equip
ment. *9nMAHBBBHHBMn9ttHSlsfiEkrii
The Los Angeles . Times says
Important Experiment.
- The Redding Searchlight says that a re
cent visit of A: H. and Charles :"Wollpert
of San Francisco • to the National mine
would seem to be precedent to a renewal
of • activity : at .- that property ¦ on Rich
Gulch; • .¦-;•
Bidwell Bar was the first mining camp of
importance in the ; State outside of the . point
of- original' discovery at Coloma. Six weeks
after Marshall's discovery of gold John Bid
well washed Feather, River gravels a few miles
below Oroville. and, '• finding • Kold, j followed - up
tho stream until he discovered tho wonderfully
rich .bar .which ' took his name. - ,' He ¦ Imme
diately began . mining and ' v.-i tl^ln : two : years
Bidwell Bar was a' city, of COCO miners. The
gravels ;were fabulously, rich and hundreds of
dollars were ¦ often secured by an . industrious
miner In a single : day. . ;• .
The Oroville Mercury reports that Co
lusa i-eople will operate at .Bidwell Bar,
having: located a mining claim there. The
Mercury says:
The water supply • in SIskiyou County
promises to hold out well. According to
the Yreka Journal the February storms
and' cold weather in March solidified the
snow on the hilla so that it melts slowly.
All the claims at Little Humbug are. well
supplied for successful operation. A five
stamp mill will : be placed . by Ogden &
Clifton /near 1 Virginia", bar on Dutch
Creek. A modern quartz mill will also be
placed on Schroeder's new mine at ; the
head of j Lime Gulch on Deadwood • Mount
ain. '- Parties are washing tailings at the
old Greeenhorn mine, realizing good pay.
• Professor G. E. Bailey of the Stat# Min
ing Bureau has been sent to San Bernar
dino County by State . Mineralogist Au
bury for the purpose of compiling a min
eral map and register of the county, upon
which will be located definitely . every,
mine and mineral deposit known to exist
in the county. Professor Bailey has'al
ready distinguished • b,lmself in connec
tion with the work of the State Mining
Bureau . by a remarkable exposition of
the wonderful- country known as Death
Valley, which is full of information and
yet reads as charmingly as any romance.
The San -Bernardino, County people have
been invited to extend all possible as
sistance to Professor Bailey. He will be
several weeks in that section. ¦ .
Bailey Goes South.
.The Utica Company of Angels Is soon to en
large Its electric plant, situated just east of
Murphys. Preliminary work has begun. In a
short time a new ditch will be dug to accom
modate another pipe line from ' the big tank
on the mountain. • The work ' now in contem
plation will take several months and when
completed the plant will be 'an up-to-date es
tablishment. The increased demand for -power
all along <the line and throughout the mining
sections has no doubt prompted this decision
l»r improvements. At the present time power
is furnished for the mine and mill at Sheep
Ranch . and 'the mines and mills at Angelx.
Angels and Murphys are also lighted from this
scurce. . ., ' ;
Gowan and a partner are opening a new
mine called the Thanksgiving. ¦•¦'• ¦
Promising : developments are ¦ reported
from the Jawbone district. The Cannady
Gulch quartz mine near Columbia has been
bought, by J. W. Larson. Two tracts of
land on Table Mountain, west from Jef
fersonville, have been bonded by Albert
McCusker: and B. O. "Webb of Los An
geles. , v . . . , ..
• According to the Calaveras Citizen
about $1000 was taken out In two weeks
from a mine five- miles north, of "Valley
Springs • by ¦ Hans I Bauer • and | Frank
Jantza. Another shaft, 200 feet deep, will
be begun at once at the 'Fannie Marie
mine. The Round Butte mine has been
shut down and there is some uncertainty
as to plans for the future.
The Stockton Independent says of . the
plans of the Utica Company: ,
County Clerk Mahony filed a petition
with - Mayor Schmltz yesterday . -that t he
recommended to the Supervisors the ap
pointment of ten additional clerks In the
office. Mahony represents that the work
in ihe probate department is far behind
and it is absolutely necessary that he
have extra men, whom he says should be
Said $100 per month.. Accompanying Ma
ony's petition was another signed by
two hundred attorneys requesting . that
the extra clerks be employed. Mayor
Schmitz promised to Investigate the ne
cessity for the appointments and said he
would make the desired recommendation
should he find that .the work in the
County Clerk's office warrants it. ¦
County Clerk "Wants Extra Clerks.
The Sonora Union^Deraocrat says that
fine gold 'has-been struck In the Conten
tion mine at Knights Creek. •¦ The work
on the Dondero .gravel claim" at Yankee
Hill is turning out> well. --.The operations
are confined to th§" channel encountered
last year. ,:. . . .
The Dead Horse mine. in the Eastern
part of Carters has been, started up.
The New Era says that the Old Soulsby
and Draper "Mining companies will : sub
stitute oil fuel* for wood. "W. H.«Mc-
On the Mother Lode.
Sniffen and Welch on No. 1 Little Skookum,
at the foot of Cheechaco Hill, have struck a
solid quartz lead over six feet in width, car
rying free gold and concentrates of gold bear
ing pyrites of galena. A shaft eighteen feet
deep has been sunk. The ore in this shaft Is
the same, as found in some of the veins on the
Lone Star group at the head of Victoria Gulch.
The lead seems to have about the same trend
of the Lone Star lead's,' running northwesterly
and southeasterly, being, it is said, a continua
tion of one pf the Lone Star leads, about five
miles northwest of the Victoria discovery. Mr.
Sniffen lives on a. fraction of No.' 1 A, above
discovery on^Bonanza' CreelCTfind.ia'at present
sinking the prospect, phaft into the ore body. .
Brenton is having a mining boom. Twenty
one deeds have just been recorded with County
Recorder Delury. conveying the mining proper
ties In Montgomery mining district, located and
controlled- . bj* S. P. Lines and J. B. Cowan.
The properties were purchased by the White
Mountal'n Mining Company,' a corporation or
ganized-under the laws of the State of Dela
ware. The deeds cover about forty claims, to
gether with water rights and mill site loca
tions, and it is the intention of the corpora
tion to begin work on an extensive scale.
.Thorough teEts have • been made and good
values obtained from the ores in this group of
mines. . . ¦. . '
i A letter from a Dawson correspondent
brings the following information:
The Bridgeport Chronicle-Union says:
Dredger mining Is. now. one. of the most Im
portant forms of mining in the county, re
quiring large .and giving, employment to
many men. This kind of mining Is too Impor
tant to be- touched upon In a general way and
will be' made "the subject of' the last of these
articles upon the^ resources of .Butte County.
Borne of the points most "deserving-, of notice in
connection : with - mining in ; . Butte Is at • Bangor,
where . the Blue- Lead ¦ is "- the j principal source
of wealth. "' At. Cherokee is. the moat extensive
hydraulic - mine • in the , county. .; Two thousand
inches ! of . water, • are '¦ used and ; the banks that
are washed down" are over .400 feet In" height.
On Morris Ravine are several very j profitable
mines. All of these, are worked by drifts and
"contain-coarse 6v nugget gold. I On. the Magalla
ridge are very extensive gravel mines and -along
! Butte-' Creek is one of -the '¦> richest ¦ sections -of
the county.- Many millions ot dollars have been
taken from the mines of Butte and they have
built-up and made noted a number of towns
and mining camps. .We, believe. it a fair es
timate to .say "that more than one-fifteenth of
the people are directly or Indirectly dependent
upon mining for a living. - This Is exclusive of
the men employed- m. ; dredger mining near Oro
ville. ¦
The Oroville Register.'.is. deyo ting much
space to ' recapitulating the advantages "6C
Butte. County for . mining ; and makes an
excellent showing. . In a summary are the
following" observations: ' ,: .. , .',.
Butte • County's Outlook.
¦ Every^mining 'section is active; Pros
pectdrs were never. more. numerous In re
cent years than, now, nor; were; there" at
any time more companies planning to test
the mineral resources of the Pacific Coast
to : their fullest " extent. This State is
fully holding Its share of attention, as
new. enterprises indicaterefy clearly. | In
the movement', now, under way ;to boom
the resources pf California the mining in
dustry' bids fair to *;be ¦" assisted very
largely '-by'', the efforts of, the State Min
eralogist/ who ; is sending out a flood of
exact 1 information in bulletins, maps and
registers. In no section Is there any com
plaint of lack of water. ; The copper in
dustry • would^seem to^ be about to move
forward' again, as the"; Copper Mountain
Cqmpany a^Keswick, which always fur
nishes ; a fair indication of the drift of
events, will Increase its working force. ~ /
Nearly all the omcers were present, and
after Miss Eaves read her report its fea
tures were discussed by "William Denman,
who urged the establishment of a free
clinic for giving legal advice to the poor
under the protection of the settlement.
An address along the same lines was
made by Dr. Babcock. The meetingf was
followed by a reception and light lunch
eon. .
Another important branch of settlement work
which should receive more attention In the
future Is that of legal aid to the people o(
the neighborhood. We have had several cases
where most timely and substantial assistance
has been rendered. Under present conditions
the poor and ignorant have little chance of
securing a redress of wrongs in our courts.
It is hoped that we may have established some
definite period for free consultation at the set
tlement house and that we can secure the co
operation of several lawyers in the handling
of such worthy cases as we may find in our
neighborhood.
The Christmas holidays were days of
joy to the children in- the vicinity of the
settlement, hundreds of whom .were'fur
nished with good cheer. *A feature of the
weekly meetings is the stereopticon lec
tures, which attract large gatherings to'
the settlement. The report includes many
valuable suggestions, one of which is as
follows: . ' •
During the year 28 settlement- clubs
were organized, with a total weekly' at
tendance of over, 400. Each , of -the clubs
has its own officers and 'all business- 1 ' is
transacted with a due regard. to parlia
mentary practice. Of the- clubs' organ
ized 8 are for women, 8; for girls,.' 2 for
young men, 7 for boys and 2 are made
up of young men. and women. .. ¦-. '
Directors— Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, ( Frank J.
Symmes, Dr. Alonzo ' a. Taylor, " E. . J. Me-
Outchen, Mrs. Mary W. Klncaid, Dr. Ken
drick C. Babcock, Sheldon G. Kellogg. *
Council — Mrs. Mary W.- Klncaid, Henry C.
Babcoclc - Miss G. Parker, J. G. Howell Jr.,
Miss Virginia Fitch, Miss Fanny McLean,
Miss Harvey Anthony, Miss Jessica Peixotto.
Miss Mabel Gray. Miss Clara Safford, " Miss
Annie Crane, .Miss Mary McEwen, Miss L.uciUe
Eaves, "Willlam^Denman. % ' J-,
.The council will meet at a date in the
near future and elect omcers. The pres
ent officers probably will be re-elected. ,
Miss Lucille Eaves, resident in charge
of the settlement, tiled an encouraging
annual report. The settlement moved into
its new quarters in South^Park in March,
1901, and since that time shdps, club arid
reading rooms and quarters, tor the resi
dent force have been (established.- Tho
Shaw Gymnasium in the rear has a seat
ing capacity of .400 and may be readily
converted into a . theater, lecture, concert
or dance hall. • ' -^ .: . ;
Tne permanent .resident force consists
of three men and six women, and of the
latter three give their entire, .time
to settlement work. - During the
year two singing . classes were, main
tained, as were also two or three classes
in manual training. The younger chil
dren "were given simple gymnasium
drills and frequent shower baths.". A 1
course of six lectures on, California his
tory was given,, and an excursion on the
bay, as well as several outings given the
Mothers' Clubs, served ;to .render .the
memories of the "year very pleasant. : :
The annual meeting of the - South -Park
Settlement was held yesterday at the
Resident House, 86 South Park, and new
officers for the ensuing year were elected
as- follows: . . ' •
There is likely to be a. white-tented city
—one at the northwest end of the city
near the Presidio Reservation: one in
Richmond District, one in South San
Francisco and one in the Mission
district, each patrolled by Knights
of the Uniform Rank day and
night. The streets . of these tent^
ed cities will be lined with orange trees
brought from the citrus belt and from the
semi-tropic regions of Southern Califor
nia- The most prominent florists of San
Francisco and vicinity are members of
the Pythian' order, and they have deter
mined that they will produce the most
magnificent floral jdisplay . during the
Pythian gathering that has ever been
seen here, and will, thus give visitors an
object lesson of California's floral wealth
in August. •: .-..'>
A White Tented City.
Congress by special act has authorized
the Secretary of War to loan 1000 tents
for the occasion, and it is understood that
as many more tents can be had from the
army as may be required to accommodate
the 10,000 Knights of the Uniform Rank
who will parade and drill on our streets.
The number of tents may be increased
from 1000 to 2000, and perhaps even more.
Van Ness avenue is to be transformed
into a grand street fair. . The exhibits will
line both : .sides of ihe - avenu£, from its
intersection with Market street "down to
the beach. Some, of; the. counties win re
quire the length of an entire block to show
their wonderful products. Agriculture,
horticulture, viticulture, mining,' oil pro
ducing and every -industry, of the State
will be given ample ' space." to . show, the
strangers the wealth of California.. A"car
load of fruit a. day will be sent from some
sections of the State for free distribution.
Bearing fruit trees will be brought here
and planted along the "curbs to show the
visitors that all they see is real. The
.giants of California's famed forests will
be planted in the middle of the roadway
for strangers to gaze upon. There will be
practical demonstrations of quartz ' and
hydraulic mining in some -section of the
city. Wells will -be bored for ocular dem
onstration, and many interesting object
lessons will be given. A complete '49 over
land train camping in the city will form
one of the attractions. The train will be
brought here by the people of San Diego
County. .
Grand Street Fair.
The most encouraging reports , daily
from different parts of the country show
that i the gathering ' will be the largest
ever held in this city. The Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce has appropriated
$1000 to aid the. exhibit of products from
the Sacramento district. That, sum is in
addition, to what other industrial and
commercial organizations of; Sacramento
County will subscribe. Every city and
county in California is fully alive to the
great importance of making the very best
showing of its resources. As it is impos
sible to induce all the visitors to travel
and , inspect, every section of California,
the people of the interior have concluded
to. bring their exhibits to San Franicsoc,
where every visitor will be able to see
what California is capable of producing.
The finance committee, composed of
members of the executive committee
which is to make arrangements for the
general gathering of Pythians "in San
Francisco in August, has commenced its
canvass among the business men, and has
met with the most generous responfae
¦from, all' those --who "have been thus far
called upon to subscribe. In order to dee
orate and illuminate the city for the. oc
casion and fittingly entertain the. visit
ors a great sum' of money will be re
quired. The Palace Hotel has subscribed
JlCOO, the Union Trust Company has given
?2S0 and Foster, & Fay of the Grand Ho
tel added $200 as their share. These
amounts are the best indications that the
business men of San Francisco fully ap
preciate, the importance of the coining
of so many visitors to the city.
State's . Min eral Resourcas
Likely to Become Bet- v
ter Known^ ' • *
Van Ness Avenue to Be the
Scene of Spectacular
Exhibition.
Excellent Vifork Done in Last
Year by;Membfers of .; . >
Association.
Fy thians Collect Funds
to Decorate Main
Streets.
New Council for South
Park Institution Is x
Every Mining- Section oh
Coast Is Moving
Forward. ;
CITY TO WEAR
FESTIVE ATTIRE
ELECT OFFICERS
FOR SETTLEMENT
DIN OF STAMPS
SIGNAL WEALTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 13, 1902;
Lectures on Protection. *
John P. Young gave a lecture last night
at the Academy of Sciences to. a ' largs
audience. The • subject talked upon was
"Protection as an Elimination -of Waste.
Mr! Young ably handled the question and
pointed -out the manifold advantages .-of
"protection." its value to the *. worjclng
man as well as to the manufacturer, stat
ing that .statesmen, of ,<every*. country
should recognize its economic •_ value and
tirus protect the laboring classes. >-¦• -
Archie Campbell brought suit yesterday
In the Justice's Court against Chief of
Police Wittman and Property Clerk Wil
iam Dinan to recover $185 alleged to have
been illegally withheld from Harry \V.
Covert, who is charged with having stolen
goods in the East. The complaint states
that Covert assigned the money -to Camp-
Jbell, who employed John W. Koch as his
attorney, to whom he owes $25 as a iee. '
¦Wants Covert's Money Back,
27
.develop sometimes from very trifling causes, .and when and where you would least expect
them. A boil, .or abscess, burn, blister, wart, . tumor, mole, or the, simplest little pimple
may be the beginning point of a malignant, frightful ' looking Cancerous Ulcer.-
Apparently there is no difference between a Cancerous and Common Ulcer. when
i they first make their. appearance, and for this reason every ulcer, no matter how insignificant:
or harmless it may seem, and all slow healing sores should excite' suspicion and cause
alarm, particularly if any of your ancestors ever had Cancer, or you have good reason to
think your blood is impure; for the sore, after, all, is; only the outgrowth, the external
evidence of polluted blood, and nothing can check its progress until the cancer tainted,
vitiated, blood has been purified.- All efforts to heal the ulcer". by. means of salves or other
external remedies will result in failure, for such treatment can have no possible effect upon
the deadly germs and morbid matter that form in the blood and are carried through the
circulation to the sore, vi^' - • . .,
MOTHER, TWO AUNTS, ANDONLY A SMALL SORE CAME ON THE WOULD SCAB OVER, BUT NOT
10 " INSIDE OF HIS UP. ' HEAL / -^ {
Tii«^ »r an^r n « mvUft »,««* About the first of February, 1899, I Mr. Jno.Massie.Owensboro.Ky., writes;
caLrf me^reat ?*?? £' Sr^oT^r f btic^. a «jJl 1«»P on the inside of my "About three years ago a blisteJcame on"
. : '. years At times the lower "P- It annoyed me considerably; the right side of my "— -— C!
' '^^^S^_ pains were deep- and the doctor cauterized it and m a few days nose. Itgrcwsteadi- -^p^a^aSaw '
' iQk shooting; The ulcer i' dropped off, but shortly after another ly in spite of all efforts fp ky . . -, N *vS
M f*r^m$jik discharged yellow and came and broke into an open sore, and in t0^ ca l **;Up; the pain j \W0Ag. ' L jn
a^S^pfe^ rather ofFensive mat- spite of the large number of remedies I *" not very severe^, JJKd&SS^l ?'
%, -A^MS ter. I had given up tried, it would not heal. I then went to *"t first, but increased 3p>* b ift
%^^^^^ ali hope, as the doctors another, and he gave me something to when the sore began &&$& v ?^ -fl
£¦ -W.'^^SA'^ S ave nie no relief. put on the sore, saying if it did not cure t( ? inflame and dls ; E&
My mother, two he would cut the sore out. I used his c . har S e , matter. At M®$g^SM&
'^raBP^^P auntsand an onl 7 sis - medicine, but received no bcuefit. I de- tmies the place would ¦|E;/»
W?0SM&fe' tr died of Cancer -of cided a blood purifier was what I needed, scab over and appear MMmwJfiL
-WlBfnM^ the breast ' and z am and began to take S.S.S. The ulcer was *° be . getting well, -^ lM
~^Jm&W%W satisfied that I, too, growing rapidly, with some pain and a , u^ •¦ the _ 8 ," b T ould lm Al& '' lm*
*M -• '- - . would have been gone crawling, creeping feeling. . At first S S dr ?P' °"» "-leaving a, . : / Wr ¦
butforS. S. x S^~Ifeltsomebetterafterthe S. seemed to make'the sore worse, : but red,* angry, look ing, . ' *» '
first bottle, and after using only seven bot- this soon changed, and after I had taken u^ cer - • I had almost despaired *of ever
ties, was cured. This was several years seven bottles the place healed entirely ; curing the; Cancer when my > attention
ago but have seen no sighs of the Cancer my general health improved and I am as was called to S. S. S., arid after taking a '-
since. I would urge all who are suffering well now as ever and no signs of, the dis- few bottles the Cancer began to gradually
:from,the disease to give-S. S. S. a trial. ease have been seen since, i : • grow smaller, the.discharge stopped, and
Belton.'Mq.. Mrs; James Cassei,!,. HoUands, S. C^^: \V. P. Brow^n. :i was relieved- of the terrible disease." ,
Cancerous Ulcers can be reached only by a; remedy that acts 'I upon; and through the
blood system, and this is just what S. S. S. does. It goes to the fountain he?icL of :the ; disease,
and "drives out the germ; producing poisons which cause the ulcer, and punfie^andc'Builds-up
t^ssazss^ rnm *%kk a^ u t^ ie deteriorated blood, "i This as the "only true and
S^F**^ ca^ treatment for sores of this character. • ; :¦
V^^^^ y^"^^ By the use of .-S. S. S: the ; ulcer^is suppHed^with
P^ re > s1^ ron S hloodj which quickly allays.tne inflammations
1^^^ J j^J^a J an<^ fp rces ;out all the irritating \ poisons, and- allows tHe
|^^^ sore: to heal naturally and permanently. 'SrS.S. acts
. ¦*«iiiiiiiiipi i also as a tonic, and where the constitution has become
debilitated arid weakened^ it restores vitality and strengthens the ;nervous ; system, ; and Helps
•the appetite and digestion. S. S. S. contains no Mercury, Potash or other: minerals, but is
guaranteed purely vegetable. • :
.Those having; a chronic, ulcer or sore of any kind that^ is slow 'in healing, - whether
located upon the body or; internally, will receive medical advice and: suchVspecial information
;as they desire free of cost. ; Book" on-^Canicer and .Other ; Diseases of • the « Blood sent free.^-M
THE SWIFT SPEGIFia GOMeANY*:ATIJANTA. GA.;^
ADVEBTTSEHEirrS.
The Next Five Months Will
Decide This Question
FOR THOUSANDS.
•;. ¦
Hundreds of men and women afflicted
with coughs, catarrh, bronchitis and con-
sumption are just now congratulating
themselves that winter is over and the
warm months coming, which bring relief
to their weakened lungs and the hope of
recovery to their hearts.
One thing, however, is certain, warm
v. eather will not kill the germs . which
cause these diseases, and unless - thev
are destroved before the next winter,
thousands -wiil never seen" another sum-
mer's sun.
Of all seasons In the year the months
of June. July. August and September af-
ford the sufferer from respiratory dis-
eases the best opportunity to stamp out
these terrible scourges, and if consump-
tives and people afflicted with catarrh
and bronchitis can only -be taught " that
this season is the one during which na-
ture exerts all her influences to cast off
these diseases, they would do their, ut-
most to assist her.
It is perhaps unnecessary to again re-
mind you that according to Government
Statistics, no remedy ever given for these
diseases reduced the death rate from, them
in the least until Hyomei, the new dry-
air germicide, was found, and that since
then the deaths from consumption alone,
have fallen off over thirty per cent an-
nually. Such are the facts, however." and
if persons suffering from consumption, or
any other germ disease of the air pas-
sages will use the new remedy faithfully
during the next five months, they can
completely destroy the germs 'causing the
disease and In "this "way onljF free them-
selves from these terrible maladies.
No teaspoonf ul doses are required. You
einaply carry the Hyomei Inhaler in your
mouth for ten or fifteen minutes ' four
times daily, and breathe "naturally. No
expense Is incurred until you are positive
that it will benefit you, for a five "days'
treatment is sent free to all who' apply. to
The R. T. Booth Co.. Ithaca, U. Y. Your
money is refunded if 'you purchase an
outfit and it does not cure.
All druggists sell HyomeL " ~ 4 ."^~_
¦f fDE'LLfJI.
fdr REMOVED H
mlTHE MA5HOF TPu;i§
ffrar that hides the beauty of KbH
KST many- faces. The com- e$ wjf
kf plexion changes, resulting bh|
17 from exposure, improper cos- n|!
a metics and age, etc., are HB
n quickly removed. The lm- k9
f j movement is rapid. THERE u
IS IS PURITY in the very H
| touch of Creme de Lis. It ¦
fi imparts the health-glow of ¦
I] a youth. Removes tan and n
n rucbura quickly. SOc a bot- . I
11 lie at drug: stores, or diiect ¦
Il\ from us. Trial size, post- M
4\ 1:. B. HARRECGTON & Ctt. 'fl
IVU\ s -^^scles, CaL IS
\e9999999?9®9Q&999999999999999999999999999999?99999999999999Q9999QG^
! /?C i
| ' :" : . p -- : ; ' -We sell- more enameled beds. :;V^g|^^g|- . )
> : ; o«f n ti, ti,- than any other store in" San " """""' 1
i fC.CD IOr UnC LIKC llllS. Notice the graceful curves in this i
I . • i-We have --it ' in two colors — white FranrtcrA • '¦"• - • one. We have it only in double size. 4
ft and li<rht blue. - ; >.- 1*<111W1»VU» . _ - . -. (
| Quite a- pretty bed, and it's strong . - ., -, , V' *Q WhltC and Gold, S9. <
I size. Vy Reason for it-excellent ones! :^ S
J ¦ g^^to First, lower pricesHiere are •••••;--....r <
: 8S^J?Tl eight of the reasons priced and *
¦¦¦¦• '• ¦ra^^B rSE pictured. Over a thousand |T ¦ %f^ !
I P^^fli1u»r more on our sample floor. 'jL.|T_. S^ |
I Another reason: We show z Z t zhl <
I L'Art N^cau (the new art) y» tf Bnore enameled beds than • «
J The hu ge n piaques in e t d he' head and any other two stores in town. In Nile Green and Gold, $7.75. J
» of°a : lil°v rd arS molde(i in .the; form ¦ • . The headboard is 5% feet high, the J
i; It^is enameled in two shades of TWO fflOre reaSOHSI If yOU 1^ each Joint <
> gaslig-ht^^een and touched with fire . . ... strengthen the bed materially and «
&W Y K«^^ don't like your, bed when yon ad i^r s iz1^y! ood lo °^ \
r^.;.v;;::::/:- Price, $36.00 \. XL : ,. / u , . ; . j
{ i; get it home, we ( change it and ' >tv !
i'f\-A. \Y^~^ ; '- : l go to any amount of trouble to f^^l /^ J
3^iia::a3^| please you. If your bed should i
|i _J break we send you -a new. -**^K^^^1 !
¦==-= N > one. J
R* T T *W P ! M 1 I IS iinn't vftn think we're fea- Madame Butterfly; j
-Jll ? IV '. .1^ llOHI yOU ifllnK Were Tea- The prettiest pattern that has been J
hsJlji j^i.M^a^Lgli^wflh. . • ¦...*: shown this year. t
* M!5P ' ¦ -*§ CMlnh]p>9 v. We had quite a variety two weeks J
t ¦ . • , v 3""**" 1 ** ago, but now we're reduced to two '
» This Is Our Cheapest Brass . -#^ — : — — esssz . Nne r feen. cream and " gold: iifht S
>' :, - DrH K?£\ %> ' _., *" ' blue/ white and gold Hi^vS <
b And a. very; good one it is. It's as fi 1 X A — A fl _ _ / « _r " ". ..• . <
k strong as^any you could buy, no %^ fl /l Hi fl ¦ ifl il ' I
Z . matter how much you should pay. •= I fl a BBQlflll f i
» A decidedly pretty design, too, with \ 1 B^ I B If i^^v • 2
| its bowed footboard and double top alillBllll wL /f^vs*iffii
I The kind of brass ¦ that will not >-.«¦ C J ' «fflVrVTTra /^.
t © I l r rMfT^V^IO*'' I n " In Green Bronze and Brass, <
v t 1^^^, fl t #A ifiri il il il If In Cream and Gold, Brass {
\ Six Feet High That, Head- 1/llIlliJCJLll ¥¦ Trimmings, $22.50. \
V . board S18 |^ J It's another six-footer. 1%-inch |
I ~~?~Z * •*•»*'• • ! t 4 A ¦ « - ' w curved posts. 3-inch brass vase ta J
I Lavender, cream and gold; light ' V ' " — head and footboard. ~
cSam^Vlf g0W: NIle^ en = .Ift^ft lWADFCTCT C t7o e f tne^as^cnlffin^^
» . Dreams of grace and daintiness. lUU/ lllAllllCl ul>« crnamentaUon of the castings. %
> : O— — — — i — — O ; ; - - ¦' O — ; : ; — : 9 <
> We'd be glad to have youl /\ •. ljf iff* J. [You can make the payments j <
I I open an account with us. J UODOSlt^ MCAlllStCr |to suit your convenience. j <
>fte9eQooe«oceo»ooeoooe»eftooo«»eo«ao»o««aeoooaeoococeoa8Q®0cocooq«ac'
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
ADVANCEin
r i»c^g^jrSw3Z^ \L wi idl c?o
Announcement fs hereby made that on THURS*
DAY. APRIL 24th, or before, shares of the capital
stock of the Mergetithaler-Horton Basket machine
Co. ix/III toe advanced In price from
50c a Share to 60c a Share.
(rar Va'ue $1.00, FuII-Paid and Not- Asks jabte.)
No subscription' is accepted for less than 50 shares, and the right is re-
served to reject any subscription. ¦ . . .
-' It had not been expected that' the 50-cent allotment of these shares would
be closed before May ; 1st, b,ut owing to developments which push forward
.the plans. of the Company, It Is definitely decided to advance the price of
shares as soon as proper-notice can be given. ',.. ' ;
*' The . popular movement in.theae snares clearly demonstrates approval of
the .Company's methods and general recognition of enduring strength In the
proposition. ; ' . • '¦ . .
" The salient features are:
Ownership and control of every patent on automatic basket-making ma-
chines. ¦¦ Mb^BPSBBHBBVBEEBII
.Control of '. the basket industry, which uses up Two, Billions of baskets
each year, turns^over Eleven Millions of Dollars, and, with the help of these
machines, will mjike a profit of over J4.000.000 annually. -. .
• • Those who are 'ready to subscribe to these" shares and have been neglect-
Ing to do so, are advised to -attend to the matter at once, as further advances'
will . follow in quick succession. -.TiQSpNBBMfli
. ', Checks,' , drafts or, money orders should be drawn to order of Charles R.
Barlow, treasurer.
The office ofthemergenthaler-Horton Basket ma-
chine CZo. is at 5O7 Hearst Building;. San Francisco.The modern system of "personally con
ducted" tours has opened pretty much all
of the known world to the globe-trotter.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.
The old honored house of Moet & Chan
don have captured the patronage of the
New York Four Hundred for their famous
champagne. Moet & Chandon is in evi
dence at all swell functions, ana its im
portations have increased during 1901 to
the unprecedented quantity of 252,432 bot
tles, being more than the combined in
crease of all the other champagne houses.
— "Wine Review.
Fashion and Refinement.
Mrs. Churchill alleges that on the night
of April 4 Churchill took their little child
and in the presence of the guests of the
Hotel Beresford, where they reside, un
mercifully beat her. The screams of the
little girl, Mrs. Churchill alleges, could
be heard at a distance and expressed such
great agony that all the guests of the
hotel thronged to the spot. Churchill,
Mrs. Churchill further alleges, left the
crowd and with the little one under his
arms proceeded to his rooms, where, it 1s
alleged, he continued the beating. Mrs.
Churchill alleges that he locked the door
and refused to admit her to the room,
though she begged and pleaded with him
to let her in and care for the child,
whose screams could still be heard
throughout the hotel. He finally opened
the door, alleges Mrs. Churchill, and al
lowed her and a lady friend to enter the
room. They found the little girl, alleges
the plaintiff, sobbing in a heart-breaking
ir.anner and bearing every evidence of the
brutal beating. The bruises of the infant
were carefully tended by her friend, al
leges Mrs. Churchill, while her husband
¦went out and purchased a supply of
liquor. He returned to the rooms, al
leges his wife, and because she spoke of
his treatment of the child he struck her
three brutal blows on the face, cutting
her lips and bruising her face.'
"I ran into the hall," alleges Mrs.
Churchill, "and he pursued me. 1 grabbed
the bannisters to save myself and he
grabbed me by the throat and choked me
In an endeavor to make me loosen my
hold. He struck me again and left me. to
crawl, bleeding and suffering, to the door
of the elevator, where I was found by the
boy in charge of the lift. The guests of
the hotel took care of me and my child
for the rest of the night. I can never live
¦with Mr. Churchill ajraln. as neither my
life or that of my child will be safe."
The Churchills were married in 1S9S.
Anxiety for the life of her baby daugh
ter and fears for her own safety prompt
ed ilrs. Marion X). Churchill to file a suit
for divorce against Seth W. Churchill
yesterday. She charges her husband with
cruelty. ' . . '
A bold daylight burglary was commit
ted at the residence of W. J. Moore, 1412
Powell street, last Friday. Mrs. Alocre
left the house about 11 o'clock in. the
morning, after carefully locking the
doors and windows. She was gone -only
about an hour and when she returned'she
found that the house had been ransacked.
The bureau drawers had been overhauled,
the bedding had been thrown on the floor
in- a search for money and valuables and
truaks and valises rifled. Mrs. Moore had
$70 hidden in -a bag in which she kept her
comb and brush, and the burglars had
taken it from its fastening, but, fortu
nately, had overlooked the purse con
taining the money.
Mrs. Moore's eealskin coat, two valu
able silk dresses, silk waists and all her
jewelry were stolen, and her husband's
diamond pin. studs, sleeve links and other
articles were carried away. The burglars
had used a large valise to aid them In
taking the stolen property from the
house. Entrance had been effected by
means of a stolen key. Strange to say, no
one in the immediate locality saw the
burglars enter or leave the house.
The police were notified by Mr. Moore
soon alter the burglary, and Captain Sey
mour detailed Detective Armstrong qn
the case, but as yet no trace of the bur
glars has been found.
Enter the Residences of
W. ; J. Moore While
Family Is -Absent.
Mrs. Marion D. Churchill
Sues for Divorce for
Cruelty.
'Southeast- corner - of - Gough.^ and ;"¦ Vallejo
streets, elegant residence of sixteen rooms and
two" baths., excellent' marine, view:; southwest
corner, or Juniper and Harrison streets, 30x100
Itet ; residence, 2026 Sacramento - Etreet, Just
east ofJPierce st, modern ' two-story, residence
of eight>rooms and bath; cottage, 2717 Twerty
flrst 8treet,^7 rooms andbath; residence at 711'
Golden" Gate'- avenue. , lot •. 27:6x137:6:0, Scott
street, building, ; between^ Ellis and':O'Farrell-;
415 Oak street. ., bet ween Laguna and "Buchanan
Ftreets: -San. Bruno road property; tw6 Harri
son street flats, near Fifth street ; . Silver streii'
Easton, 1 Eldridge '&' . Co. announce' their
next* auction .sale for Tuesday, April* 22
at their salesrooms. .638 : Market, street,
when. the following will be offered: . k -
Southwest corner of Scott and Oak streets,
£5x106:3, with' residence of: nine rooms and
bath; ' southwest I corner of I Twenty-second and
Bartlett Streets, 50x85, :, with two-story resi
dence of twelve rooms and.bath; 2720 Mission
street, -west Mine, between „• Twenty-third -and
Twenty-fourth streets; /northwest -.corner of
Mason and Lombard , streets.' -.60xS2:6;v 134 and
136 Fourth street, . between Mission and How
ard streets, :wlth I improvements j consisting- of
brick ¦-: building I with '¦> stores ¦ below •, and [¦ hotel
above; ,631 and .633 Golden 'Gate avenue, • be
tween Van Ness avenue and Franklin street,'
50x120/ -with | two ¦' frontages, , the ¦ improvements
being two houses of ten rooms and bath: each:
IMS, Larkin. street, .! between - Sacramento and
Clay ' streets.'- improvements . ¦ being ¦ . two-story
residence ¦ of . seven • rooms, and bath: southeast
corner ' of Seventeenth and ¦ Castro streets. 25x
50, r with/ two-story and basement frame build
ing; -northeast corner of Stanyan -and Grove
Etreets, : 50x106:3: two lots on Fifteenth street,
south line, of the Junction with- Market,
being -25x100 -feet; northwest ' corner of Thir
teenth avenue and P street, with' improvements
consisting., of ; five -flats; -building.' lots -on j the
west line of Collingwood , street, between.Nine
teenth and Twentieth, , and also • 228 Colllng
wocd' street, with, cottage, of four roomr,.-
G.'H. Umbsen & Co. will auction realty
on April 21 at noon at the rooms^ 14 Mont
gomery street, when there will; be a-ref
eree, executor, administrator and miscel
laneous sale. On the list- of properties to
be disposed of are the following: • *
2624 arid 2624 A Bush street, with two flats
end lot 27x137:6 feet,; $8000; lot. 30:6x77 feet
and 2-story residence on . the east line of/Web
ster'street, 107 ; feet north from :6rove, $3750;
20 Dorland street, lot 50:8x115 feet," with two
story dwelling, : $3850; .- 235 Douglass I street, - lot
25x125 feet and 5-roorn cottage for $2000; ]4"13
Baker street, . 100 feet .from • Sutter, 25x
100, with'5-room cottage, . for ¦ $2500 ; ; two lota
on the south line of Sixteenth street, west frcm
Market, • for ?1500 and $1600 respectively.
':: Easton,* Eldridge. &. Co. ' report the fol
lowing prices at the auction held by them
during the past week:
The Auction Field.
For W. A. Crosby, to a purchaser whose
name is withheld for the: present, 40% : acres
near Concord for $6500, 12 acres are in orchard,
14 In vineyard and the rest in grain; there are
good improvements. From C. H. Abbott: to
Francis Mitchell, lot 32:6x100, on the northeast
corner of Seventh avenue and B street, this
city, for $1200. •
Baldwin & Howell will after, the 15th
lnst: occupy the entire premises of their
present : office, 10 - Montgomery street,
where they have been established for sev
enteen years.' •. •"
David Bush & Son have made the fol
lowing, sales: ' i ¦ .
New two-story residence on the. west line of
Eleventh avenue, 100 feet north of I "street.
25x120 $3700; lot on the east side of Twentieth
avenue, 100 feet south of H street, 25x120,
$000- lot on the east side of Twentieth avenue,
100 feet north of I street, 25x120; $800; lot on
the north line of I street. 40 feet east of
Twentieth avenue, 25x100, $800; lot on the
north line of I; street, 100 feet west of Nine
teenth avenue, < 25x100. $800; lot on the east
side of Twentieth avenue. 125 feet north of
1 street 50x120, $1500; lot on.the east line of
Eighteenth avenue, 150 feet south of H street,
25x120 $900; lot on the east line of Eighteenth
avenue, 100 feet north of I street, 25x120/ $850;
lot on the southwest corner of I . street- and
Nineteenth avenue, 50x100, $2400; lot on the
west line of Nineteenth avenue. 100 feet south
of I street; 25x120. $850; lot on the. west line
of Ninth avenue, 200 feet south of H street.
25x120 "$1050; lot on the west line of Ninth
avenue, 225 feet south of H street, 25x120,
$1050. « •¦ ¦ . -. • ¦ * V^
In the Sunset district Baldwin & How.ell
report a strong demand for lots. The sale
of the Sutro property has given an impe r
tus to the whole district. The following
sales were recently effected by them:
- Lot on" north side of Waller street, J56:3 feet
east of Pierce. 25x137:6, $2500; 'lot on the west
side of . Mississippi - street,- 16 feet south- of
Twenty-third, 60:4^4xl00,s $1500; lot on the
south side of Waller street, 156:3 feet west of
Shrader, 25x137:6, $1600;, lot at "the southwest
Conner of First and Bryant streets; 25x80,
S2500- lot on the east side of ' Texas street,
177:3 feet north of Twenty-third. 27:3xlC0,
8400: lot on the north line of Paciflc avenue,
06 feet east of Baker street. 28x127:814. $5600;
lot on the south line of Bddy street, 87:6 feet
east of Scott, 50x82:6, $4500; lot on the eaa:
side of Stanyan street, 50 feet north of Fred
erick, 25x106:3, $2500; lot on the south side of
Vallejo street. -40 feet west or Baker, 88:0x
137:0, $4550; lot on the east line of Folsom
street, 102:5% feet south of Thirteenth, 25x94.
$1850..
streets" 24x71, for $7000; two-story and base
ment brick building on the east side of Stock
ton street, 108:0 feet north of Pacific, 28 :0x
08:0. for $7000; two-story frame building:, con-_
sisting Of two flats, on the north side of Val
lejo street. 162:6 feet east of Hyde. 43:9x137:6.
for $6500; two-story residence on the west side
of Pierce street, 137:6 feet north of Haight,
U5xlO6:3, for $6500 : two-story frame building
on the north line of Ridley street, 230:7 feet
east of Valencia, 40x115, for $3000; two-story
frame residence on the south side of Sutter
street. 55 feet east of Broderick street, 30xS7:6,
for $3300. : •
The sales of vacant lots closed. by the
firm were as follows:
BOLD BURGLARS
RANSACK HOUSE
FEARS HER LIFE
IS IN JEOPARDY
Two-story residence on the south side of Sac
ramento street. 165 feet east of Baker. lot "T^fix
132:7, for $5500; cottage and lot on the east
side of Powell street, 68:9 feet north of FraT
Cisco.. 22:11x04. for $3000; two flats on the
northeast corner of Cumberland anrt Dolores
street*. 25x89. for $3600; lot and improvements
on the southeast side of Stevenson street 7K
feet northeast of Sixth. 24x70. for $8000 •¦'eot
tape and lot on the west side of Fourth avemiA
124:9 feet north of Point Lobos. 25-3x120 1 w
$2000: store and two floors above on the north
east corner of Green and Lafayette streets wiv
C4:«; for $5050; three-story frame building
consisting of store and. two floors above at
the southwest corner of Paciflc and Mason
( Baldwin & Howell report that in addi
tion to the large sales recently consum
mated by. them and heretofore reported
they have effected a great number of
small ones over the counter. In improved
properties they have made sales aa
Many Houses and Lots.
Lot on the west line of Powell gtreet, 23
feet south from O'Farrell, with three-stoJ^v
building, renting for $450 per month c 7
Stewart to A. Haas. $112,000 the lot beimr
46x137:6 feet: Mrs. K. E. Koebelin to e *E
Cook, south line of Sutter street, 107:0 east of
Hyde, lot 33x137:0. with three flats rentlna
for $200 a month. $25,000; J. H. Eummeten to
Robert Clapp, residence and lot 25x100 on th*
west line of Taylor street, 137:0 feet north of
Broadway. $4000; Elizabeth H. Hallin to A
Guilbert and J. Adcock. lot 52x125, on the west
line of Dolores street, 182 feet south if Twen
K-Vi 2 -^ S - <\»S«low to H. FabrK
lot 2i:6xl3<:6, on the east line of Steiner
Etreet. 110 feet north of McAllister, $4000- G
J. Kaighen to P. >. Kelley. ranch ¦ of thirty
acres known as "Oak Lawn," three miles west
of Santa Clara, ?14.000. ' ? r.
A lease has been concluded by. Shain
wald. Buckbee & Co. with the Eastern
Outfitting Company providing for the
erection of a five-story frame lodging
house building on the north line of Turk
street, between Jones and ' Leavenworth
streets. The building will be handsomely
finished. It has been leased to the firm
named for a period of ten years. • The
owners are Julius Radston, Mrs. Morris
Asher and Mrs. Sig Lauter.
The northwest corner of Pacific avenue
and Webster street has been sold by Mrs.
Recent transactions by Burnham &
Marsh are reported as follows:
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. have sold the
southwest corner of Sutter and Taylor
streets for Mrs. Emilie Chabot for $55 000
The lot is 27:6x100 feet and has upon it a*
four-story building.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. have sold the
southwest corner of Sutter and Powell
streets for John Rosenfeld's Sons for $135 ¦
000. The same property was sold a few
months ago for $117,500. The brokers do
not give the name of the purchaser. The
lot is 100x75 feet.
Long List of Deals.
.Residence on north line of Bush street 50
feet west of Lyon, by the San Francisco Lum
ber Company, to Paul Lindacher, $3750- four
flats on the west side of Juniper street 250
feet south of Harrison, by O. J. Redman to
Rose Freeman, $3750; Alfred Callaher to A
W. Berry, lot 3, . in plat G, Piedmont Park
tract, $4000; Mary J. May born to John Mc-
Laren, lot on the north line of D street west
of Fourteenth avenue, 25x100, $1100- north
line of Bush street, near Broderlck lot and
two flats. 26x137:6. $8500, H. J. Hesselmeyer
to H. Lerner; Bernard Kelter to C. Goldberg
lot on north line of Ellis street, east of Biede
man, two cottases, lot 30x75, $3300.
The week has .been prolific in large
sales. The one million dollar mark has
been far outstripped, the total being more
than one-quarter of a million more. Three
very large deals have been put through
by Thomas Magee & Sons. Herbert E.
and Hartland Law have sold the north
corner of -Mission and Main streets, 137:Cx
137:6, for $140,000. The Yolo Mills occupy
the property. Dr. Hartland Law has
sold the northwest corner of Mission and
Annie streets, 56x120, with a new six-story
building, for $140,000. The north comer of
rThird and Jessie streets has been sold
by Leon Kauffman to Oscar Lunlng, the
lot being 69x79. for $151,000. In all these
three sales Thomas Magee & Sons were
the brokers. They were alsa the brokers
when the same three properties were pre
viously sold. The north corner of Third
and Jessie streets was sold about four
months ago for $133,000. The northwest
corner .of Mission and Annie streets,
which has just been sold by Dr. Law
was bought by him about- two years ago
for $47,000. Since then he has erected a
substantial . building upon it. Dr. Law
bought it from the Sharon estate.
Bovee. Toy & Sonntag .have sold for
Mrs. Sarah Greer to Owen M. Brennan
60x77:6 feet on the east line of Powell I
street. 77:6 feet south from Sutter street i
for $55,000. This appears to dispose of ai
story that the Fair heirs will, build en
the lot in connection with. the- lot on the
southeast corner of Sutter. and Poweil
streets.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing recent sales:
"Lucky"' Baldwin has sold the o)d "An
nex" building on Market ; street to' James
3k Flood. The transaction Involves the
passing of $450,000 and constitutes j the
largest realty deal of the week and "also
for a considerable' period. Much Interest
will attach to the rfews, for ;. the
sale marks the final acquisition of
all the old Baldwin Hotel site
by Flood and the. final disappear
ance as a large .land-owner ' from the
locality that knew. Baldwin so long. The
latter, says that he is about to part with
all his holdings in. San Francisco to con
solidate his capital in his Southern Cali
fornia properties. The "Annex" site ex
tends through from Market street, to
Ellis, with 63:10^ feet on Market street
and 25:7 feet on Ellis street. The addi
.tion of this considerable piece of ground
will enable Mr. Flood to widen the plans
for the great office building which he- is
erecting, and it is his pu/pose to so
utilize it.
Another deal of considerable size which
was made known yesterday was the sale
of the E. W. Winchester property, on the
south line of Geary street, 106:2% feet
west from Powell, for $148,500. The pur
chaser is Mr. Stewart, proprietor of the
Stewart Hotel, together with his sister.
On the site are three other buildings. •
Week of Large Sales.
Realty Sales of Week Pass
far Beyond Million-Dol- l 
lar Mark. . ; •
All of Old Hotel Site Is
in One Holding Once
More.
BALDWIN ANNEX
SO L D TO FLOOD
s ¦¦¦¦¦.¦ ¦ ¦ 'iMmmw®,
THE SAy FRANCISCO ,, CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL ly, 190!i.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
A spring, medicine for • constipation, impure
blood, pimples, sallow complexion: 10c. 25c..*,
The apartment house to be erected on
the old Garniss property on the north line
of Fine street, east from Hyde, by the
San Francisco Realty Company, will be
called the El Monterey. It will be four
storlas high and of brick. ¦ ;
.The building for the American Milling.
Company on the east line of Battery
street will cost J40.000. . *"•
Henry P. Sonntag will place a four
story apartment house on the north line
JonS a [? c^^;^f tWeen : : * k *** °» d
.Mrs. Grange will erect a ".$30,000 resi
dence on the northeast corner of Web
ster and Vallejo streets.
. Weils, Fargo & Co. will build a three
story stable of. brick.oirthe south line of
i-olsom street, between ' Second and Third I
next to the stables now occupied bv the
s?5a n 0 & ssnraa.^ added — - j
n^
we e st n aXr°th M1SSlOn Str^' 175 feet !
'«£ 0S rP h *?• Grant wiU erec * his minor
?h« ™ 0Uglas , a , n ?*Sht-8tory building on
the corner of Market and Seventh streets
opposite the Odd Fellows' building The
exterior will be of ; pressed brick with
terracotta trimmings.* The first and Sec
ond floors will be made into a store for
thl u^VoSrV 0 ® 063 Wm bC P^cedon
Some Costly New Buildings.
Investment; Richmond building lot, and south
of the Park lots.
28
» ' -Supplies All ; \
¦ B EYE CLASSES I
ra. with Antiseptic Nose Grips, In
B made of vegetable fiber and f |
pj camptor,; guaranteed non-. i I
m cancerous,, and '; do not: t J
n wound the nose. | |
j W PRICES MODERATE. 'Q
w 64 2/Market St. w
$5OOO CASH AISD
; ..1? I? FS7V1 tym, A1A//1 R DS
uiiu UiStriDute *450O worth of premium? nfil"
sisting of Solid Gold Genuine d£SoS?^U?«"
Beautiful Silverware; Watches, etc SS5, *
t?rt e i 9 W PBJEE 'V 0 "" 60 * » ns^ This c^
teat Is fltJLt-.*. An answer on a no«t»i ». ( m
do. We reply by return noLl and £nd^aT- 1
logue of premiums. to select from. All ca?,tl
cure an award if .they wish without a?? m*
penee whatever. Answer to^V w. J
$10,000 00 in cash and premtoTlJ^k^
advertise our business. Add HO VF«5IIi»5t v
COMPANY, DETROIT, MIChT SlJPPI ' Y
RPTTQH17C POR ?ARBER3.BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannanl
<Jy«r«. flonrmllls. foundries, laundries, paper,
hangers, printers. - painters, aho* factorial
. (tablemen. ¦ tar-roofers, tanners. . tailors, eta*
- BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento st
0£& WONG WOO,
Kl CHINESE TEA .AND HERB
\K / '" SANITARIUM.
•^^^v 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
SJ&l&FtilW A ix diseases k.urei>
fWJPWbSXiP . ¦ t\ excluilTely by f-itTf—
b«rbs. over 3C00 varieties belnc ujed Hours
• :80 to IX a. m.. 1 to 8 and 7 to a p. Ia .
THIS WEEK!
TAFFETAS-
1200 Bards extra heayg Black Silk Taffeta, 36 Inches
wide, a good wearing aualltu, width speclallu suit"
ahle for underskirts and skirt lining. Regular
value S1.35 uard,.
Reduced to $1.00 Yard
PONGEES-
Complete line of Imported and Domestic Pongee Silks
in 24, 26, 28, 32 and 34 Inches wide.
* Prices 75c to SI. 25 Yard
250 pieces Genuine Irish Printed Dlmltu. These
comein a-great varletn of stnles and are In all the
, new colorings, such as Greens", Blues, Lavender,
Pinks and a large assortment of Black and White.
Price 25c Yard
GINGHAMS—
150 pieces Imported Silk and Linen Ginghams. This'
fabric comes in plain colors. 'Stripes and Brocades
;" are in all thejnew colbplhgs. Warpanted, fast colors
. and yern'desirahle for ladies 1 and children's wear.
: -0 Rrice 50c Yard
'"¦' i^i ATUC • -;;"'.¦¦'".' -. V'.:
":¦•¦' 2 cases Genuine Amazon Cloths '50 inches wide, in
: the following colors! Navij's, Reds, Tans, Browns,
- Greens and Grans. '¦¦' . • -•' ; . - %
Price SI.OO Yard
t Regular Value $1.25 Yard
..•-¦ ; ' '"'•¦¦ ' , - '¦ '^ < ''.:¦ <--\- -",'> }¦'¦/.*':¦?• i-.'i'
. ' \ ¦ ¦"¦' . - • " ¦
- i MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
. forwarded free to any address.
HI. 113 -1115; H7- II9J 121 > POST- STREET.
• NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALI FORNIA ',
Damiana Bitters
IS A' GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ... ¦ : -
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes, j
: The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. .Sells on its own merits.
¦ ADMIRAL GEORGE DEWEY
Who used" George Mayerle's glasses during 'th-»
Spanish-American War. and is still using them
; l r Z U rl U ;« atiat f c «™>- highly recommends
tiltimon^i^M - 8end9 - the foHowlns
am .still '.using, with -much: satisfaction . 'the
glasses you sent me.at Manila; also the new
ones suit my eyes perfectly. Yours very truly
., . ' ; 1 GEORGE DKWEY. *
; r 6rTPICE .CHIEF OF POLICE.
tJ 11 gl u,! s ?J e s uch P Iea8U re to recommend to
the public Mr.'; GEORGE Mayerle of 1071 Mar-
ket street. ,1 have -been 'using glasses for the
past four years,- and during that time have con!
BU U '2 « ver i l1 °P"cians,' but not .until I con-
sulted . Mr. GEORGE Mayerle and, had him fit
glasses .to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction
Most respectfully," ' - J. h. ANDERSON i
-' _" - l - '- Sergeant . of Police. .San Francisco. '¦'.
George , Mayerle s glasses strengthen the ey»
and brain/ To avoid mistakes look for the full
name, v GEORGE MAYERI.E, .- and . his trade-
mark, : a CROWN. - on every window ; also the
number — . ¦. ..'•¦¦
. German Eyewater •> R0 c^hta. : ¦ ¦
•. .Telephone r Southr>72 ••
CUT THIS ;OUT. - '',¦¦'.:¦ i '-'¦
_
©©•©•••©©•©©©••©©©AA©^
§ lA/hen j
I Fannie Bloomfield I
iZEISLEli
A ' ' ¦'¦ ' ' ' ' ¦ ' " y- ¦ . . ' ¦ '
© Comos ; :j
8" She Will Play the |
9 . ¦ '. ¦' ¦"" . - L ¦¦ -¦¦;-' -..-.; ;». |
MKk A^A^i* ¦ If i " ' ' ' '
I- ¦ ' - .:-'--:-' : -'v!
• ¦¦¦¦¦ DiAivrs
I SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., |
S Stein way Dealers, J
?' Corner Kearny and Sutter streeti, San
W : '..• Francisco. • v - ;¦ .;'<
© Corner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.,' i
<S> . .. Oakland. ¦•'.¦- t
©¦."¦¦¦'¦ '¦••¦-•¦.¦., ,,-.: -,-. ¦ , - ;-:\
Fifth-avenue opticians lnPittrburg T who claim
to - be araons the * best In i their line in th^
country. I do not hesitate to say" that'. 1 haw
«"« ¦ w }th and more satisfactory ro-ul \l
. w »"» M . R , OT3OROE MAYERT#E than with'any
of the above: named, who have much hlAer
pretensions. . Respectfully - - nigner
If A THKR AUGUSTINE McCLORY. O. F. M
• fet^ Boniface's Church. 115 Oolden Gate ave"
. ¦ ban Francisco. ¦ '.
rS0M;BEV, TATHER AOOTSTINE
. MeOLORr. ¦-¦••
tf ....FOR MENi... /**.*•' V-J f\O «
S AND WOMEN v5*Ncvcr Less--'
JUST A FEW
"CLINCHERS" 11
I about Walk-Over Shoes. They're made by a cele- .0
brated Massachusetts maker. .The same- quality - of ,|
shoes are sold all over the United States fcr $5.00; f
thousands of them right in this city.. I
I We can sell them for for $3.50 because we I
Jcut off all extravagant expenses. - ' i
» Nothing charged ' against the. shoes I
J for expensive and constant high class 1
magazine advertising. ¦ ¦ -" ¦• - -. I
B~f Nothing charged for "drummer's ex- I
penses. No middleman's profit. A 1
— aJ Nothing for fixed factory charges— -,' - I
¦ the maker works on them when lpe isn't I
rush with other orders. |
He makes a beggarly margin on us, ¦ > "*\ '©:,
but it increases his profits on other shoes. J^h
Keeping a factory going at cost is more 'SWjf
profitable than shutting down now and then. 'W3a
The new Summer Styles are here and PBj
ready. All the correct models in all the . <KJ %p
By /nail, $3,7 5. ••
Walk-Over Shoe Store, j
F*. F*. 1A/RIGHT & SON I
M Wffflg il or ° 924 MARKET STREET , k° m p ggay m J
(A Crown. Gec^Ma^W; tra demark ; on
v- ¦¦.;'¦-; ';.¦,¦*¦•¦ v . , ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦...¦ , ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . , ¦ -. V
! A On ce a conscientious person thought he ought to own an auto, a
I S Sought an auto, -bought an auto, just because he thought he ought to. 5£
¦' 2 ' '" Then the auto sought to auto) as an auto ought to 'auto, ;v ¦ **
i O But he found that naught the auto ought to do was what It sought to. O
I A Then a crafty agent fooled him on another make of. auto — ?¦•;¦ ¦ O
; A Newer model, later pattern, one just out for 19—02. i-» - - A
1 a Thought he'd bought a '02 .auto which would run as autos ought to. A
T But he found a little later that the bought new '02 auto .; • S
•j .Wouldn't auto aught's he^.thought a. '02 auto ought' to auto. - •¦ ' ¦ 2
' ™ .' ' - ' .'' . ¦' : ¦•¦.¦•¦'.•..•.•'' 5 w
I 2 ¦ •-- Then he bought a .'02 "White.". ' «
£ '. ' And his troubles all took flight,* " 2
5» - For it 'worked exactly, right— - ¦ ' 9
<S> - The Auto King, the '02 "White.' V ' i •'¦'. ©
1 ® . , - -¦: ¦ : - . ¦: "' . _ . - ¦; /---¦¦_, .,,'.-¦ .-;¦:.;¦;.'¦ ¦ .'. . - -C
j © Now he autos just the auto which a wise man "ought to auto, •
|O And the auto always autos as an auto 'always .ought to. ,. J " O
-© Never will this auto fail- him; never will he say' this auto •
A ¦ Wouldn't auto aught's he. thought a '02 auto > ought to auto; •
A For he has' a '02 auto, which to: auto is .. . " • a
X' The Autocratic, Automatic, Auto King, a '02 "White." . X
A'' '•" '-'• ''¦¦¦'- ¦ -' : " " ' -._¦• .. ; -^ : -;; .¦¦¦¦ . . ¦.
a The ".White" is "King" of automobiles, as well as sewing machines. . Send a
X to us forcopy of the "Offlcial Report of the'- Automobile Club of America" 5f
S on the endurance contest from New ~ -York '-to- Buffalo. •• It . proves beyond: 2
g all question that the "White" is superior in every detail to all . other car- «• •
9 riages, steam or gasoline.- ;, .;.-j , - : - ..¦'¦••-•©
]© We believe it is the only carriage built of '.any kind that the average. ©
!© man can undertake to use with success.. The' man who builds them can ©
© . run any of them, but anybody can run a "White"— no" water, glass, no burn- •©
a. ing out of the boiler; nothing to do but turn; on and off the power' and a
A steer the • wagon. No complicated cogwheels to' break, no sparking de- 2
r . vices to get -out of order; no ~ noise,' no smoke, no. smell,; no -vibration. No 2
ij,, defective running gear construct'on, which on most 'gasoline wagons mul- ™
|O tiplies the cost, of tire maintenance to several times that of the "White"/ •
• © carriage. •'-'.'.. ¦ 3 A
I© It has the" highest, class of workmanship and best materials in it and ©
©* a margin of safety in all parts that make repair bills about one-tenth of ©
I a what they are on any other automobile. Write for 1902 catalogue, or call ©
1 a . at our offices, 300 Post ' street, and give us an opportunity, of proving our a
' X assertions. Our motto: "The best is the cheapest." If you buy- a cheap 2k
ij automobile, you will find it far more expensive in- the long ¦ run than if 2
! 2 y° u bought a "White" in the beginning, to say nothing of the loss of the •
O use of it and loss of time occasioned by . break-downs and repairs. •
I WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO. J
• C A; Hawkins, Gen. MgnV i. '. |
I 300 Pos4: Street, Cor. Stockton. %
O. . ¦;'.; Tel. Black 1106, San Franclsco.Cal. • A
at $20.00. JIP
Commencingr Monday we will offer T^-^^ \
two hundred handsome tailor suits for
women at the special price of $20.00. . ftfm(ff^T\
Each and every one is thoroughly tail- /A iff aJl \
ored and comes from the best Eastern I \ a Jw\l\
makers. Compare them with suits /> «1»|£^\O
usually sold for $25.00 and S.^0.00 and I ' -^"^
you will appreciate them all the more. \ u'i^t)
They. are made in the correct Gibson. . . U I / \
Eton and blouse effects in a beautiful j
variety of spring weight . materials. I ¦ ;i^|
such as etamine, granite, serge and J .
broadcloths; the colors are pretty J i
shades of castor, light and dark j?ray, I I 1
ro3'al and navy blue, brown, tan and • / f I xl
black; sizes 32 to 42; '. in many of the / j a'
styles there are no duplicates, as they /f A I \ >roK^^
comprise only one or two . in a style. ijffil I ft \ tfiS&lL^***
The special price is VW^VsL^KlvSC^^V
r $2aoo. • < xHy^'
Ladies' Spring Goats.
Fashion says that the short coat will be very much in evidence this
spring, and it is well that it is so, for a more appropriate garment could
not be devised. Accordingly we shall place on special sale to-morrow a
variety of these coats in Eton, blouse and fly front; effects. They are cut
m the very latest spring styles and come in shades of black, blue and tan:
they are lined throughout with good quality of silk; sizes i£ to 44; when
you see the coats you will observe what values they are at " ¦
CC AA ¦ . • * : ¦
The great amount of business we are doing this season "proves con-
clusively that ladies recognize this as the leading store in San Francisco
ior the latest ideas in suits, skirts, coats, jackets, waists and millinery It
is gratifying to us to know that our efforts are so well appreciated.
CorrSaczrj/ St and Srantotve.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD VESTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXPERT OPTICIAN 1 .
««. In GEORGE MATERLE. the German Ex-
MARKPT SV^£S.5*' be f n established at 1071
»£,,.«!„¦ S ™ EE T nearly nv e years, is in no
way connected with a . party who opened
» v«.*?° r ; *?• 'S lm » and calllnR themselves
t^o?^ L e & Co- R emember. GEORGE MAY-
«gfr A Warning
w * r ' TO THE PUBLIC.
•'. ' . t - ¦' '¦•..' ....". : " ¦ . - \:
Desiring, a I black 1 Shirt
Waist,' you can find a large
> assortment of stylish makes
in either cotton; wool or silk.
Wool Shirt Waists - - $2.00 to $5.00
Cotton \ Shirt Waists $1. 00 to $2.50
Silk Shirt Waists - - $3.50 to $9.00
<$&¦ TAILOR
jJ&L, ¦ MADE \
w%Zk\- The most
perfect fit at
$yr%JlB - ; a popular
/ Ml $ 25 - 00
4Ou^ $50.00
The
Black Goods House
1106 Market Street
w^^bm Ms! IgafwH* Br^B^^aWRSBr^Efi^HaHsB
WE OWN OUR OWN BU1LD1NG-WE PAY NO REMT.
=V T 5 e ; lat^ s^ ' arriv als! ' Mahogany three and five piece Parlor SuitP« »^», t
ferkele^- CS ™ Y down -. Free delivery to Oaklln" ifaScdi S aSd
THE J. NOONXN FURNITURE CO. 7 WC
w P -™17-I023MI««io n Street, above Sixth. San FrancI^. r'
WE CLOSE AT 6 P.JH. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.' M wy HE , annual banquet -. of ; the
M . Monticello Club, the leading
:B-- ..organization' of the younger
B Democracy of San Francisco,
v . in. honor of the "anniversary of
• the : birth of ' Thomas Jeffer
.• son, the "Sage of Monticello,"
was held at a 'prominent restaurant last '.
night, and In point of attendance and en-
thusiasm .was an unqualified success. ;
The presence of a number of leading
Democratic politicians from the southern
part of the State occasjoned.the spread of
a rumor that the gubernatorial boom' of
Mayor • W. P. Snyder of - Los Angeles
would • be launched.- ' ¦
The -rumor % proved true, for the . lagt
.speaker of the evening,. Isadore B. Dock- /
weiler of Los Angeles, expressed the 'wlsli .
of the southrons that the Mayor of the
Angel City, be the Democratic .standard
bearer, and cheers greeted Snyder's name.
Dockweiler Of Los Angeles Springs a Sny*
der Boom at Monticello Banquet
PROMINENT DEMOCRATS
MEET AT FESTAL BOARD
?Continued on Pag« Thirty-Pour.
' ¦ PASADKNA, ; April 12.-^-The young daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Allan A. Ryan of New, York
City '. died ¦ to-day > in ¦ Pasadena, She * was the
grand-daughter; of Thomas .' A. 1 ," Ryan," a well
known' citizen of New York.>ta£?3gB^gfesW«,ii3S
¦, The 'shortest,: and .now th»i most elegantly
equipped,". line, is the Lackawanna Railroad;
which traverses ' the most beautiful scenery the
Allegheny ''¦ Mountains :'- afford. : Through ' trains
are operated Via this line from Chicago, Kan
sas City ¦ and ' St. 1 Louis. to; New York. It will
be to the Interest of passengers; to inquire of
local railroad agents or write Geo. A. Cullen
General Western Passenger, Agent, , 103 Adams
street, Chicago.- ¦ ¦ .¦ • ;¦ - •
From Buffalo to ; New York.
'.More than^ five hundred : people ¦ wit
nessed the entertainment given last night
in Odd Fellows' Hall In honor of the grad
uation - of Miss , Florence Holman as "a
fancy dancer from one of the; local acade
mies. The programme was made up! of
thirty-four numbers, including pas . seul.
fancy^ dances, toe dancing and ballet
dancing, also , several . vocal - selections. A
feature of 'the programme was the- toe
dancing- by. Baby Jasmine Sidlowskl.f the
only 4-year-old 'toe dancer -in the. United
States, whose graceful movements and
power of .endurance won the plaudits "of
the audience. " . • ; .
Fancy Dance Entertainment.
William Elmore, who was charged with
vagrancy .because he and his wife had
taught Mary Walker, • a • pretty • girl . 19
years of age; to smoke opium, appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday. Elmore
denied that he had anything to do with
the girl smoking the opium, "and told a
straightforward story. He -said he had
been a bartender at Newman, ; Cal.; be
fore coming to the city a few weeks ago, 5
when he met the woman he calls his wife.
The Judge dismissed the charge against
him and reserved sentence : upon Mrs.
Elmore,' who was convicted of vagrancy
Friday, till next. Wednesday.
Elmore U"ot a Vagrant.
¦ .The jury returned a verdict at 5 o'clock
awarding $5000 to the plaintiffs.- This was
a compromise. verdict., some of ; the 'jurors
deeming ' that ¦; the ' plaintiffs ; had not been
damaced at all.. ,._... . \ ¦ ,.
'The 1 answer- for the defendants ywas
filed by ex-Governor; Budd and. Wheaton
&: Kallbch. ? averse that all the acts
ddne on the/wharves by the board! were
in the performance of official duty/'as
Harbor -\ Commissioners '. and »'. not other
.wise. It denies : that Holmes. was; the in
ventor . of the .' patent ; mentioned,' and
avers that the : Invention was. In'•public
use in this city two , Aars : before Holmes
made application for the patent, and that
the invention : was abandoned to . the 'pub
lic, j It is further averred 'that Holmes re
ceived, a monthly, salary,; for his^ services
• in the - construction: of -wharves; ' that ' it
was his official t duty to prepare i planB and
specifications ; for. the .building and repair
ing of wharves, under. control of the State
Board.-'and ;to- devise *and Li ascertain new
p.nd improved * methods ; of constructing
and repairing t wharves. '. It alleges 'fur
ther that Holmes - himself recommended
to the board the* improvement- described
in the letters pateht and I that they • were
afterward ' prepared by i him as a part of
his official duty- as chief; engineer of> the
board. ' It avers further, that' Holmes' and
Uhlig ' are :; prohibited "£ by ' part : III, title
VI; chapter -1;. section? 2536 of 'the Political
Code from • being 5 Interested 5 in | any - erec
tion : or ' repairing > of ; wharves or like
structures done under contract -with • the
board.' '..['.' ..'-j^- ¦',-'.¦ '.¦'.*•.- v.-' - ; v ".. : :- -¦ -
The allegations 7 in the -complaint are
that Holmes was employed . by the State
Board of Harbor, Commissioners as chief
engineer and : . that ' Uhlig , was a draughts-,
man In . the j office of ,the board ; that j on
December. 21,: 1899,: Holmes was >the v .orig
inal inventor of : and applied for a^patent
on' "Improvement 8 in , ¦•. Wharf ;. Construc
tions," and that the' patent was issued on
Aprils, 1900. -I It'ls averred also that the
defendants used his patents in construct
ing wharves in this city {fat an • expendi
ture of $276,852, ;and that , the ; plaintiffs
have been "damaged^ in the -sum. of $27,685,
that being: a i royalty, of 10 per cent.' , Carl
Uhllg is alleged to be the owner 61 a half
interest ¦ in : the ; patent. g John-.H. {Miller
and • Frederick S. Stratton " appeared for
the plaintiffs. ';•¦ ¦ '¦- . :
The 'case, of Howard C. ' Holmes, and
Carl Uhllg vs. Paris Kilburn, P. J. Har
ney and Rudolph- Herold. Jr. j. the State
Board ot "Harbor" Commissioners, was
submitted to the Jury yesterday forenoon
in the United States Circuit Court." \ v ¦
".The greatest exponent of the spirit of democ
racy ¦ in America was Thomas ; Jefferson. He
-was a > profound ' statesman, r, whose teachings
were the guide of the republic in Its advance
ment to greatness. • Jefferson -was an American
who loved his country, and whose sole aim was
the discharge of his public duties with honor to
himself and to his . country. I - After an eventful
life. he retired to his home'at Monticello, with
the love of his countrymen. He was the in
carnation of the spirit of liberty. .the incarna
tion of the doctrine of human rights. - Among
the Immortals of revolutionary fame he tow
ered a giant. | His exalted soul and unexampled
resources . were always for the • Independence
of the human race.'; The highest philosophic
thoughtVof all; the' ages, the wisdom of the
seventeenth '. •': century, • t our.d . Its expression
through .the genius of Jefferson when he penned
the Immortal . Declaration of Independence. The
scroll of history contains no brighter page than
this Immortal document, which was the Magna
Charta of. human , freedom. •. It • is ' written In
flame upon' the hearts of a great people In let
ters . so plain that' every child • may understand
It. i It> lifted: on high. the radiant star of hope
and, made -the homes of Americans . free. (Ap
plauie.) Equal and i'xact Justice to all. equal
commerce with ' all nations and entangling alli
ances with none were his great principles as
President ¦ of- the>Unlted States.- Freedom of
religion, of the , press and . the right of • worship
were ¦ sacred * to s Jefferson. > and they should be
our political creed. .(Applause.) If these prin
ciples prevailed to-day, .would : there . be . laws
by /.which .the > richer, become : richer: and the
poor • become : ixjorer?-:. (Cries^of ."No! - No!")
.Would there be a power which placed political
preferment at the, top. to-day? VAVould gre«d for
gold be put above- the, love. for rlght?-^ Northe
pendulum has ¦ already , swung .too • far. Let us
take our stand- to-day. - Let us take our stand
The Sage i of Monticello.
1 The ' toastmaster • then ' introduced Judge
E. Farnsworth of Vlsalla,' who re
sponded to I the toast of ' "Thomas Jeffer
son." Judge Farnsworth said: r
Booth accepted the present. with a mod
est address. He said he wanted it known
that his opinion' was that the* Monticello
Club would eventually be the guiding star
of California Democrats. He spoke brief
ly, and his address was punctuated by
vociferous applause. >
dent Booth of the Monticello Club with a
little memento of. the regards of his fel
low members. . He • told : of the organiza
tion of the club , and the bravery of the
original members, who did not disdain to
sign notes to pay any delinquency which
might arise but which did not accrue. He
took pleasure in returning these notes to
the • signers, and • they were turned over
one ; by one as : being unnecessary to the
cause of - Democracy. Then, alluding - to
the work , of - Past President Booth, the
speaker said it would never -be forgotten
by the- members of the Monticello Club.
As a slight - reminder • of . their affection
they had clubbed together and purchased
a. magnificent watch and fob, suitably, in
scribed. The speaker took great pleasure
in presenting it in the name of the Monti
cello Club. ; i *'¦--.- '.¦'.--.;-
' Floor— Emll Kjopf , Charles McDermott,
Leon- Phillips, ' Michael .-Short, Dave
Lemon, Ed Fltzsimmons, James Terrells.
George Roberts, John Esdale Jr.' and
Hudson Porter.
Reception— George H. Hebrank (chair
man), John Schick. Frank Scott, Eugene
Konig, William Halford, .Louis Bendwald,
John St. John, Emll Amresh.Ed Roberts,
Dan Roberts, ; A. G. £ Blangey, Carlton
Whitten, Jerry -Bunting, George Reeves,
Dan Ryan, George Smith, W. J..Burk«J
Peter Eastman," John Gray, Charles Eng
lish and William Phillips.
Glassblowers' Union No. 22 gave Its
second annual ball last night at Verein
Eintracht Hall, and a . most enjoyable
time was .had. The hall -was tastefully
decorated and the following committees
looked out for the comfort of the guests:
Glass Blowers Give Dance.
DEMOCRATS " PRESENT OR
REPRESENTED AT MONTI- I
CELLO CLUB BANQUET.
THE new headcuarters of the
Republican Primary League
were opened last evening ¦ at
26 Geary street and the "house
| warming" was attended by
hundreds of citizens.
Sight comraodious rooms
have been secured by the league and fur
nished in a most comfortable manner.
Large maps of the political divisions of
the city and county adora eome of the j
walls and it is the aim of the board of
directors to make the headquarters com
plete la every detail.
There was- no formal * programme pre
sented last evening In the opening of the
rooms. A cordial Invitation had been ex
tended to the members of the league and
many of the officers were present to sse
that their guests were made to feel at
home. Refreshments were served during ,
the evening.
On behalf of the board of managers A.
Ruef made a short address. He said that
the objects of the league were to secure
honest administration of affairs of gov
ernment and that the delegates sent to
primaries and regular conventions should
be free from the domination of the bosses.
It was announced that the headquarters
would be kept open every day and some
of the officials of the league would be
present to furnish desired Information.
A large number of members secured
tickets at headquarters _ for the special
train of the league which will convey del
egates to San Jose to-morrow for the con
vention of Republican Cluos. I The special
train . will lesive Third and Townsend
streets at 8:30 a. m. and the holders of
tickets can return on any of the regular
trains from San Jose. * •-'
The league will send 416 delegates and
a like number, of alternates and will have
a band of music to make things lively la
the Garden City. • -...-¦•
The officers of the Republican Primary
League are as follows: -
Thom*« - P. Woodward, president; David
Rich, vice president; Lincoln E. Savage, secre
tary; George Y. Adams, assistant secretary.
Executive committee — H. P. Sonntag, Marion
Leventrltt, Erolle Bauer, E. W. McCarthy, -W.
H. Crocker, G. H. Umbsen, Jefferson E. Doo
lfttle, Mark Sheldon. W. It. Smedberg, Maurice
Casey, R. H. Lloyd.
Director* — Thomas , P. -Woodward, David
Rich. Hugh T. Eime, L. K. Savagre, A. Ruef,
Frank A. Schmitr, I. W. Lees. J. F. Cheet-
Ji«m, J. G. Boj-ne, J. W. Rogers, E. P. Bar
rett.
Finance committee — Vf.'T. McXutt, Thomas
R. Bannern-en, Bert R. Hecht, I. J. Truman,
Oeorg-e Lower.berg, I. W. Hellman Jr.,* B. Arn
hcid. O. F. Von Rheln. J. Epplnger, L? H.
Bor.eetcII. A. A. Son. J. Levi Jr.. P. N. LJHen
thal. C. C. Burr, M. Greenebaum, John L. Kos
ter. S. C. Denaon. . : ¦ " -•
A special meeting of the Forty-fourth
Assembly District Republican Club was
held last evening at the headquarters of
the league. The meeting was well at
tended and enthusiastic. J. George Boyne
was called to the chair and John H. Har
noy acted as secretary. The chairman
stated the objects of the meeting to b«
the necessity of seeing that every Repub
lican in the district be registered and the
election of additional delegates to ' the
league of clubs and the- selection • of a
central district committee, to take charge j
About the headquarters of the Republi
can League Clubs. at the St. James Hotel
there Is great activity. Jacob Steppacher
is a sort of reception . committee of : one
and extends a glad hand to the local poli
ticians and the arriving delegates.
The coming of Senator Lukens of-Ala
meda and/Taylor, -Felton, the assistant
secretary of the club, aroused :¦ interest.
These two. with President Anderson. I are
the centers of political attraction., Lukens
is understood to be a candidate f o i» the
presidency ¦ of the league* to succeed An-
SAN JOSE, April 12.— This ''has -been a
busy day for the members of the general
committee that Is arranging f or; the con
vention of . the State League. of ! Republi
can Clubs. To-night . their ¦ labors » had
been completed and they were': awaiting
the coming of the politicians. " Already
the delegates have bfegun to appear. Two
hundred delegates and as many visitors
are here, and on Monday morning the
crush is expected. -
sand Visiting Republicans/
San Jose Beady to House Five Thou-
DELEGATES ABE ARRIVING..
The voters of Redlands at the election
yesterday gave the requisite majority to
authorize the issue of bonds to the amount
of $50,000 for street improvements. The
proposition to issue bonds for 520,000 to
purchase a site for a city hall was de
feated. Scipio Craig, editor of the Cito
graph. who is In San Francisco en route
to the League Convention at San Jose,
recelved a wire last night announcing the
result of the election.
Badlands to the Pront.
A committee was also appointed to
make all necessary preparations for a dis
trict rally in the near future. .
At a meeting of the sixty delegates of
the German American Republican Club
George H. Bahrs was elected president
and Carl Mueller secretary. The chair
man was authorized to appoint a commit
tee of five to present to the r league<con
vention a review of the -work done- by the
Germans in the Interest of the Republican
party. There will be a- meeting of the
delegation . at headquarters, in the St.
James Hotel, San Jose, at 9:30 a. m.'Mon
day. The delegation has decided to adopt
the unit rule. <¦ • .• . - .
T. H. Morris. M. D,; J. George Boyne;
Thomas K. Kase, John H. Harney. George H.
Williams, -A. Grasso Frank T. Shibeley, I.
Ellas, E. S. Strauss. Robert Porter. John Leln
hardt. Dawson Mayer. . J. D. Hart, A. • S.
Isaacs, Gus Johnson, George M. Perrine, J. J.
Sweeney. F. Dellaplane. Daniel Sullivan, ¦ J.
Rothraan, Thomas Hammond. Charles Roth
mann, Harry Hansen. J. - Cobury, • Alex Grif
fith. Harry Guest. Lincoln E. ¦ Savage, S.
Hertz, J. L. Hanly. ¦ A. Olmo, Alex Campbell,
Thomas A. Benson, P. Trelch. »
A. L. TJdwell, J. McNiece. William Hogan,
T. H. Chandler. A. Grasso. S. Zeiph. W. Sew
ard Scott. Clif Meldrum, H. a: Russell. T. K.
Kase. George H. T. Poole and C. A. Dumont.
The following were selected as a district
central committee:
of affairs political in the district during
the ensuing- primary campaign. The fol
lowing additional delegates were selected:
derson. .Samuel M. Shortrldge also regis
tered at the St. James this evening.
The Alliance Club of Oakland has head
quarters in the St. James Hotel and -the
Phoenix Club of San Francisco will es
tablish itself there to-morrow. The Union
League of San Francisco will be at tne
place.
The problem of supplying accommoda
tions for the expected crowd is being
solved by the committee in a satisfactory
manner. ¦AH.: of -the hotels-are engaged,'
and 1000 rooms have been obtained in pri
vate residences. Fully 5000 delegates and
visitors are expected.
Fresentation to Booth.
,'X The k vice '» president told a-' humorous
story * and : then . • introduced ;•' Toastmaster.
Costello" as 'the t"grand v marshal'.' ¦ of '. the
occasion: '\Costello i took i the floor, amid • a
salvo of 'applause V and " in-, a -few -words
introduced .Frank i H. : Gould ; as t the speak
er i on ¦; "Obiter,: Dicta." ' Gould * was • greeted:
with '; great '¦'. applause. .'. He '_'¦ thought' ¦: he
could t do ¦ as wise." thing- 'by ; rushing • things
through c ; as«;rapidly.* as ;<¦ possible. ; Allt- he
had to do was to. present ! former :Prcsi-
The telegram .from Carter H. Harrison.
Mayor of Chicago,' was loudly, applauded.
He declared"*that'thls celebration 'was
never; more needed than -now "when 1 - the
principles for which Jefferson battled and
the advocacy ; of which rimmortalized >' his
name are sneered at as old-fashioned, /or
openly condemned 'as .-too circumscribed
for a nation' such as .ours." He also said:
"What h was • good -\ enough In Jefferson's
time cannot- 'be-' unwholesome: doctrine
now."' The people's "cause : was Jefferson's
creed; The. cause ,v of: the .'trusts is. the
creed of those who : scoff 'at : Jefferson's
namo and i Jefferson's: teachings." • , ;
A cablegram , from James~D. . Phelan,
dated at Venice, .was' warmly- received.
If contained; six words, In- which he ex
pressed his . regrets j and offered * his | best
wishes for '.the success 'of the affair.* '; *' v -
Joseph S.' Tobin sent his regrets, illness
In ' his ¦ family . being the cause . of . his in
ability to -be present. A telegram of re
grets was ; ' received from Thomas O.
Toland.at'Oxford.s Alabama,' as was also
one from Boer;. Commandant:; Snyman,
who' was at- San, Jose. v He ar
rived later,' In, the evening; and was given
three: cheers on '.his entrance. •:
. Vice . President was -I the' - first
speaker." :He- said^that the occasion /was
one of - significance * to • the . Democrats '. of
California. > He i> remarked thatr he * ap
peared for President; Myrphy of . the;Mon
tlcello l Club " who; was i unable v to be pres
ent.' He 'said, with 'some, humor, that f he
would enjoy speaking > to : the' guests, but
as >there .were . "twenty-seven others",/ he
had'little ¦toTsay."-"-:- He-hoped -the? guests
would enjoy themselves, 1 as v'.'ther hall be
longed i to the i guests ' until : Monday; morn
ing."
The tables wero arranged in the shape
of avhorseshoe, and covers'/were laid for
130.. In the center of the turn sat Toast
master Stephen V. I Costello, with .Vice
President W. W.- McNair. who occupied
the seat of honor-in the absence of Pres
ident Murphy, who was unable to be
present. To the left of Vice President Mc-
Nair sat, General James F. Smith, whose,
appearance at- the banquet board was the
signal ;for ; tremendous cheering. To.'the
left of. General' Smith was Judge Maurice
T.. Doollng of "San Benito County -and
Judge C.E/McLaughlln of Plumas Coun
ty.' The speakers, tothe number of twen
ty-seven, sat on either side of the turn of
the horseshoe,. presenting aa array of po
litical • notables -from all parts of the
State. The tables were spread under- a
canopy of flags and their decorations of
marigolds and ferns were exceedingly
tasteful. 1 • ,;¦-¦ , ¦ - .•:••
•- B,ryan Sends Regrets. .* . >
At 0 o'clock, after the discussion of the
menu, -Toastmaster Costello read a num
ber of telegrams expressing the regrets
of the senders at their inability to attend
the banquet. Chief among these - was a
message from William' J.~ Bryan , of ;• Lin- i
coin, Nebraska, which; was greefed with"
cheers. -It was as follows:- .-
I am greatly -obliged to"- you for the invita
tion : extended by. the \ Monticello Club . and I re
gret'that it, will be impossible for me. to Join
with you >ln doing honor to the' memory of thp
greatest constructive . statesman known to hls-
Tlie 'more" one' studies the writings of Jeffer
son the more he -is convinced: of the wisdom,
courage and patriotism of the "Sage of Mon
ticello."' When the ¦ questions ¦ of '. to-day are
analyzed if will be «found, that: they ; are con
trolled by ¦ the ! principles . discussed by.. Jeffer
son,-and we have but to apply his doctrines to
them to find a complete remedy. - ' >..'.•¦ ¦
¦Thanking you for the honoV you do me/and
with best wishes 'for the success of . your cele
bratlon, l>m-very,truly.yourv, ; j ; BitYAN ;.:
Those Who Attended.
Those present at the banquet were:
S. V. Costello. -Dr. C. S. Maguire. Judga T..
C. Farnsworth. -William M. Masruire. J. B.
Sanfcrd. 1 Louis de F. Bartlett. Frank H. Gould.
Cherlea; Ulrich. James Dcnman, Louis H.
Mooser. David X. Mahoney, Judge Seawell, H.
Eckhoff, Charlas Weller, Jasper J. McDonald.
A. -¦ L. Coorats. R. V. Whiting. -William M.
Cannon, c Victor F. ' Seawell. W. F. Burbank.
D. S. Hlrshbcrg. "Harvey H. Dana. Curtis
Hlllyer, . R. M. Sims. John Connor, B. M.
Aikins, Thomas, -J. Walsh. Isador Jacob*.
Stephen Potter. John N. Ross. Sldner A.
Clarke. William G. Griffith. 'Lewis F. Bylng
ton.»John B. Gartland, Dr. Backman. Homer
J. B. Sanford, Assemblyman from Men
docino County, delivered a brief address.
He told a humorous story and then dis
cussed the theme. "Democracy and Fu
ture Legislation." He thought the-sub
ject a broad one and he treated It from
that standpoint. It meant equal and ex
act justice to all and special privileges
to none. Democracy Intended to do away
with all "Isms." It Intended to say to
those who demanded special privileges to
"go 'way back and sit down. The Dem
ocracy did not propose to- rob any one and
it did not propose to be robbed by any
one. Three-fourths of California was
owned by one-tenth of -the people and it
was necessary to see to It that the other
nine-tenths had their rights respected.
The speaker believed that If the Democ
racy of California came out on the right
platform a Democratic Governor would
sit in the chair next year. The Demo
cratic party was the party of the people,
and if the people were properly Instructed
there would be no question as to the re
sult. "We will win this time," continued
the speaker, "If we stop our darned non
sense of hurling brickbats at every Popu
list who takes an interest in the Issues
of the day. (Laughter.) Let us not lose
heart. The government Is by the people
and it will prevail. Let us exalt .the
hearthstone; build, up the home and ele
vate individualism, if we hope to win."
J.-C. Hughes sang a song in good. style,
and Hon. R. M. Fitzgerald of Oakland re
sponded to the -toast of "Our Country."
In auick succession - Judge Maurice T.
Dooling of San Benlto County spoke on
"The Workshop and the School,". R. P.'
Troy, of San Francisco responded to the
toast,*."Democracy and the Trust Evil."
Arthur H.Barendt delivered a humorous
response to the toast. "The Press." and
J. P. Coonan won favor by his remarks
on "Democracy and the Farmer." Other
speakers .were J. C. Sims, Curtis HUlyer,
Nicholas Bowden of Santa Clara County,
James G. Maguire. Louis de F. Bartlett,
Commandant W. D. Suydam, B. V. Sar
gent, J. D. Sproul of Butte County and
I. B. Dockweiler of Los Angeles.
Legislation of Democracy.
like ourselves. What are you going: to do with
them? Some my they are so constituted as
to be unfitted to take charge of their own
affairs. Others say they are not. I differ with
both opinions. The people of the Philippines
ore not savages. They have not reached a
high' degree of civilization, but there are
among them cultivated and able men who will
compare favorably with the cultivated and
civilized of other nations. The endeavor to
repress and suppress the honorable ambitions
of the 'Filipinos, who are trying to work out
their own salvation, is not right. Let It not
be forgotten that independence always means
liberty. Many of us do not enjoy liberty. Tha
middle of the road is the fair course. Now.
since what has been done has been done, the
question is. Shall we turn these people loose
at the gates of China, now or nve years hence,
to be the prey, of the harpies of Kurope now
encamped in the Orient, or shall we turn them
loose as the children of liberty, such as we were
125 years ago? - ¦ Would this ba for the benefit
and- happiness of the people for whom wo
stand responsible before the entire world? Th«
idea - of nationality is an honorable feeling,
but to grant to the Filipinos the right to keep
house for themselves Is another affair. There
should be no promises made to these people
which we are not in a position to carry out.
I love these people for their many and nobl«
qualities and I hope we will g.iva and retain
their affection and their love. - ¦
JURY FINDS FOR
THE PLAINTIFFS
Police Officers David and O'Brien raid
ed a "crap" game in a saloon' at' the cor
ner of Taylor and O'Farrell ; streets last
night and arrested eleven men. The pris
oners were charged ' at the. City Prison
with violating the ordinance relating .to
banking games.
The raid last night, was the result '..of
the consultations held last Tuesday
between the members of the Grand Jury
and the Police Commissioners.'- If no; con
viction results from the- raid p the | police'
are determined to follow, the matter |up
until they secure some punitive results. '
The prosecution r, of' the . arrested g men
will be conducted -under -the provision of
section 76 of order. 15S7 of the Board of
Supervisors. Captain Spillane '* thinks : he
has enough . evidence with the fifteen
tables, the chips and the lay-outs that his
men captured •'• to . _ make . convictions
sure. The ¦ policemen who visited . the
games will also furnish testimony.
' The other prisoners gave
names and W9re bailed, out as fast as the
orders of release could.be made out. .The
ball in the case of the visitors was fixed
at $10 each and lhat of the gamekeepers
at $50 each. J. M. Vicina. the bookkeep
er of the Cafe'Royal, put up. the neces
sary . bail money- for , the .release of. the
prisoners, buf.'it ,was nearly} daylight' be
fore all ¦were'QHscriarged.--Hng6 ttornieinr
B. D. Pike and* J.E. Krumb, theproprie
torsof the-Cafe-Royal, were-alsb'-prspent
and assisted in . the : discharge , of :the
prisoners, through the bond and warrant
clerk's office.' 1 V. ; . . - ''...'¦•'*•' . . ¦•
. Games were running in full blast, and
the two policemen who were gathering
evidence seemed as much surprised as did
the visitors. It did not- take long to in
form'the latter that they were under, ar
rest, and all available patrol wagons were
called into use. In all 110 visitors and
three gamekeepers were booked at .the
Hall of Justice. The gamekeepers gave
the names of Phil L. Atkinson, Charles
Cavanaugti and "W. Douglas.
Captain Spillane took with him Ser
geants Shea,; Shaw and L/uke. The cap
tain went to a door, in a newly, construct
ed partition which separates the gambling
rooms from the : main portions of ¦ the
former saloon, 1 pulled a string that opened
the latch and : then walked. in. '¦''¦,
Two newly . appointed ¦ police -,' officers,
Becker and La . Grande, were detailed- to
play poker. They found: that a percentage
game was being,. run .in the house,
that . drinks not as ."soft" as they might
have been were being, served.' They filed
their report and- on ' their statements Va.
raid was determined upon. . ¦ : - ¦'¦'.. ¦'
¦ A sensational raid was made last- night
on the poker games in the rear of the
Cafe Royal by a squad of police acting
under the orders of Chief of Police Witt
man and in command of Captain John
Spillane of the Southern Police District.
Three gamekeepers and .110 visitors were
arrested and later bailed out at -the Hall
of Justice. ~ ' :'.,'¦ ...."'¦ ;
Paraphernalia Taken
; to Be Used l in
Evidence.
Visitors and Attaches
Are Released on
Bail.
Police Raid the Games
Running in Cafe
Royal.
CAPTURE
HUNDRED
PLAYERS
SAN FRANCISCOy SI^NDAY, APRIL 13, 1902.
Republican Primary League Has ''Open
House" and Prepares for Campaign.
HUNDREDS OF CITIZENS
THRONG HEADQUARTERS
Pages 29 to 40
Pages 29 toi
REPUBLICANS WHO WILL, BE
PROMINENT AT MEETING OF
LEAGUE CLUBS IN SAN JOSE.
beneath the banner of liberty; let us take our
stand beneath the apostle of the people's right,
Thomas Jefferson.
Smith Talks of Filipinds. :\^%
Three cheers were given for Jefferson
and Farnsworth. and General James F.
Smith was Introduced amid great enthus
iasm. The general said In part:
I notice that my toast is "A Few Tlemaiks."
The subject Is pregnant with suggestion. •
t Laughter.) I had thought of the matter and
concluded to speak of myself, but after som«
consideration I made up my mind that that
would be Interesting only to myself. (Laugh
ter.) I then thought of speaking of the Phil
ippines. (Cries of "Gocrtt Good'.") But I
have abandoned this because my friends have
told me to go "way back and take a chair.
Still. I have my Ideas of the Philippines, an4
I have made up ray mind that we would have
been much better off as a nation if we ha-1
never seen the Islands. This is a national sub
ject -which involves not only the r>restiE* but
the honor of the nation. It Is no longer a
theory which confronts us; we have »ipon th*>
shoulders of the American people the welfare
and the happiness of 8.C00.00O human beingsOF all the bon-bons that have been
popped during the latter days, of
the season at Oakland, none was
attended with more surprising re
sults than the capture of the Geb
hard handicap for two-year-olds by Gold
Van yesterday.
Where the Mcrris youngster acquired
his t- peed to accomplish the trick will un
doubtedly remain a mystery. The fact re
mains that he was hammered down In the
betting from 20 to 7 to 1, picked up 108
pounds and brought along frcm last posi
tion by Lee Jackson took the rich 52000
prize in a fierce head finish from Arabo
Nearly all of the big money was un
loaded on El Pilar, the Burns & Water
house entry, to win the opening mile and
lf« yard run. The colt J possessed • abun
dant , speed for-., three-quarters, -but
'•dogged" it badly in the stretch, finieh
ing. third. • Frank Woods, .the second
choice, took the lead when ready, beat
ing the 30 to 1 shot Straggler in a gallop
A piping hot favorite was served up for
the seven furlong selling number in Jlnr
Hale, which went to the po*t-at feto 10"
In the actual running,, though, he scooled
up perceptibly. Foucon never getting him'
The warm, balmy weather' and" an ex
ceedingly well 'balanced lot of events
drew a big crowd. to the track across the
bay. Naturally enough the stake number
had first call on the affections of specu
lators and betting over the result was
heavy. High Chancellor, carrying top
weight, 119, and ridden by Conley, coupled
with his stable mate, Georgle West, ha,d
a decided call in the betting. Honiton and
Orfeo, the Macdonough pair, came in for
second call. A' tip circulated on Gold Van
caused his odds, to speedily drop "from 20
to 8. To an extent Conley wasi re
sponsible for the defeat of High Chancel
lor. Away none too well at the start, he
succeeded in slipping through on the rail,
taking third position. ¦• He " then trailed
Honiton and - Sylvia -Talbot into the
stretch, and instead «of> coming: on the
outside, tried to split the leaders, or else
get through between Honiton and the
rail. Two or three times he Vwas com
pelled to take his mount back; and while
thus dilly-dallying,- Jackson on? Gold Van
and Daly astride Arabo went thundering
by in the center of .the track.. Jackson
outrode Dalv, earning the .' decision by a
head. Finally getting through with no
more obstacles to encounter, HlgTi Chan
cellor r^Ln third,- beaten 'but a nose.
Taking into consideration' the fact that
five favorites we>e -toppled over, It would
naturally be supposed , the ring reaped a
rich benefit. Such:' however,: was not the
case, for nearly all' of . the bodks lost, be
ing hard hit over the wins of Captain
Gaines. Gold Van, Position and Doubl-et.
Neither Bab nor Frank Woods were over
lcoked. . .- ' '¦ *• ¦ ¦¦'¦. ¦ / -
and the f avorite, , High Chancellor.
LOS ANGELES. April 12.— For eleven
Innings to-day Oakland and Los Angeles
see-sawed the score, Oakland finally
winning out by timely batting. The score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.. F.
Toman, ss 4 3 1 O S . 6 O
Hannivan. If « 0 3-0 0.0.0
Atherton, lb 5 1*3.11* 21
Householder, cf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Raymer. 2b 1 4 0 10 4 6 1
Reiliy. 3b ...... 502.0 142
Waddell, rf and p.. 5 1. 1 ",11| 0- 0 •.«'
Roach, c 5 110 6 0 0
Jones, p ....i. .:'...: 3 0- ; l "O o : .2:.- 2
Du Schane, rf 1- 0 -0 0 il O-O
•Decker ...l ; .,0 0 0 0.0 0
Tqtals ...I ..43 "a 13 2 33.20. 6
?Decker batted for Jones.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. *E.
Walters, cf 5 12 0 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b .6 I/O 1 1. 3 0
Streib. lb 6 2/2 1 19 0 0
McCreedie, rf 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 4 10 1 2 5 0
Dunleavy. If *¦ 0 2 0 2 0 0
Fruncks, ss 5 2 0 0 2 5 1
Gorton, c 3 0 1 0 3 ii 0
Hodson, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals ..........40 7 8 3 33 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 10001120100—6
Base hits 3001203121 0—13
Oakland • '. .3001100100 1—7
Base hits 21010011011— 8
SUMMARY,
Runs responsible for — Jones 2, Hodson 5.
Three-base hits — Toman and Dunleavy. Two
base hits — Atherton. Roach. Hannivan. Reiliy.
McCreedie . and Gorton. Sacrifice hits — Mc-
Creedie, Gorton, Raymer and Dunleavy. First
base on errors — Oakland 5, Lcs Angeles 1. First
base on called balls — Off Jones 3, off Hodson
4. Left on bases — Los Angeles 8, Oakland 9.
Struck out— By Jones 3, by "Waddell 2, by
Hodson 2. Hit by pltcher^ — Devereaux. Double
plays— Atherton to Toman; Francks tor Strcib.
Triple play — Reiliy to Toman to Atherton to
Roach. Time of game — Two hours and twenty
flve minutes. Umpire — McDonald. Official
scorei- — H. S. Price.
,'- \ STANFORD. •.'...-*
f . -' ,-AB. R. BH. SB. PO.'A. E.
Brown, c. f.......... 5 . 0 r 0 0 2 2 0
Crawford, S.S.W.... 3 0. 1. 0 3 7 0
Cowden. c. & 2b 5 0 0 0 3 2 1
McGilvray, c 5 0 0 0 4. 0-0
Lowenthal, 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
Knight, r. 1 2 1 0 0 20 1
Kelloee. r. f 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Copp, 3b 4 0 1 0 :{ 0 0
Blake, lb 4 0 2 0 10 1 2
Parker, p .....4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Totals :....3S 1 5 0 31 15 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stanford ....0_1.0 O^ 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits..O 1 12. 0" 1 0 0 00 0—5
California ...0 0 0 0 10 0 0 00 1 — 2
Base hits. .1 10 2 1 0 0 1 0 0 2 — 8
' Three-base hit— Adams. Two-base hit—Low
enthal. First' base 1 on called balls— Oft Over
all 3, off Parker 1. Left on bases— California
6, Stanford 7. Hit by pitched ball — Lowenthal.
Double play— Hendricks . (unassisted). > Struck
out — By Overall 7. by Parker 1. Wild pitch-*
Overall. Passed balls— Hatch 2. Time of
game — 2 hours." ¦ Umpire— Rube Levy.
Agony . Is Prolonged.
.Stanford got a man as far as second
base hi the ninth. None of California's
men reached first. Both teams met the
ning, when. Berkeley made it a tie. Wil
liams hit to Cowden and got to first on
Blake's error, the . baseman failing to
stop Cowden'a rather bad throw. Hatch
hit to third, advancing Williams to sec
ond. , Overall batted a high fly out to
right field and Knight dropped it, allow
ing Williams to cross the home plate. It
looked blue for Stanford, but the next
man up sent Cowden a r>op fly. Hatch
was caught at the home plate on trying
to steal in when Cowden threw to first to
coax him to the attempt. Kennedy sent
Copp a pop fly and the side was retired.
The, score remained. 1 to 1 until Cali
fornia won out in the eleventh Inning. In
the sixth Lowenthal lined out a two-bag
ger, but ,two men were already out and
when Kellogg, who had taken Knight's
place, got a hit Lowenthal tried to reach
home and was caught at the plate.
In the traditionally fatal ! seventh in
ning each team was retired In one-two
three order.
''Dell" ¦ Fountain . also landed ? the last
purse with Doublet,' which horse disposed
of a crack cluster of\sprinters 'at six fur
longs. >•' The betting ! favored Glend€nning,
but -Jackson easily, fell ' into ' a ¦ pocket * and
never did get clear sailing. Bozeman on
Di ublet early, assumed the lead and- in a
driving finish led Alay "W. across ¦ the line
nearly a length in 1:13%.
. rear, the front. Mllas led into the stretch
and .'his chances looked bright, when -Don
nelly "on Captain Gaines came with a
rush, scoring hands down. Halmetta lost
the place to Milas by a length.
Installed a pronounced favorite for the
mile selling "affair, The, Fretter showed
every inclination to run until : turning
into the; stretch, '-where he v apparently
eulked. At the wire Bab, Limelight -and
l^itty Kelly finished heads on the wire In.
ih'e" order named. - Kitty -'Kelly cut out
the pace, only being, nabbed the last few
yards. . The winner went to the post at
odds of 10 to :L- r v
;No flaws could be. picked in Troxler's
handling of .Position. The Racine gelding,
with 103 pounds up, downed MacGyle
without' being " fully extended for the
Ormonde handicap. ;. Bragg. made the run
ning for two-thirds of the route,and then
retired. Although Ransch kept hard ut
work on MacGyle, the 'Fountain entry
won by a length.; - . •, -.-¦.-
1 jf^ ALIFORNIA won the ' second
ff game of the series and the inter
(1 . collegiate ' championship, defeat
! ing Stanford by a score. of 2 to .1
in an eleven inning contest yes
terday on the Berkeley diamond. The
! game was one of the best exhibitions ever
i seen en a California college baseball field
and excitement was intense throughout
the long struggle for supremacy.
Honors were remarkably even between
the two teams. Each made eleven errors.
California secured eight hits off Parker,
while Stanford could connect with Over
all's curves for but five hits. Overall
; showed his usual skill. Parker pitched
a great game for Stanford. Prior to the
eleventh inning but six hits had . been
:' made, off his delivery. He was cool and
! effective at all stages of the game.
j Few brilliant plays gave trie college
enthusiasts opportunity to go into.trans
ports. The low, close score and the com
i paratively steady play of both teams at,
! all. times held the breathless Interest of
i the spectators.
I A ciean hit to center over shortstop by
Braly in the last half of the eleventh
ended' the agony. Adams had reached
iirst on an error by Blake'and had gone
to second on McGilvray's , passed oall.
The hard-hitting secona-base man came
I to bat and lined out a drive that clinched
! the championship. A great yell went up
from, the bleachers, crowded with Cali
fornia students, and the demonstrations
of joy of the blue and gold partisans
lu&ted some minutes.
\Evenly Matched Teams. . \
The • score was the best yet made in a
California-Stanford game. With the ex
ception of Overall's superiority as ¦ a
vitcher, there Is little choice between the
teams. If anything, Stanford has the
rr.ore even and steadier playing nine,
i t'caeh Swindells and Captain "Dave"
Cowden having worked wonders with the
raw" -material ¦¦•with -.which. the season was
bc'cun. 1 '*'
An unusually large crowd ¦ saw the
game. . The California colors and Califor
nia yells were much more in evidence,- of
course, the game being on Berkeley's
home-- field. Still" a fair-sized delegation
! of Stanford men came up from Palo Alto
i to lend encouragement to their team, and,
¦ they were ever ready to , reward a good
' play or to "root" at a critical time.
I President David Starr Jordan sat among
i them, carefully keeping score and- show
ing by his comments that he* knew the
Netrong and weak points of every man on
the. two teams. . .
• Neither, team scored in the first inning.
In the second Lowenthal was hit- by a
i pitched, ball, -but was caught at. second
' on Kr.ight's\hit'to Overall. Copp hit to
Overall and was caught at first, Knight
reaching second, m Blake lined out a good
hit, scoring Knight,, but was .himself
caught in trying to make second. V ~
: The score stood at 1 to 0 with Stanford
leading until the last half of the fifth in-
INCIDENTS-OF .THE.BASEBALL GAME AT BERKELEY YESTERDAY, THE . WINNING'.OF'WHICH' MAKES
THE OE^. CALIFORNIA NINEf -THE'' INTERCOLLEGIATE CHAMPIONS. FOR: THE PRESENT
YEAR. THE 'SCORE -WAS THE CLOSEST IN .ALL TJiEJ YEARS THE RIVAL .TEAMS HAVE PLAYED; , -
PLAY ELEVEN INNINGS.
THE O^LIj'S K,A.OI3STGS- FORM OKA.K,T
J. W. Fahey's young greyhound Octo
ber Lad. a son of the imported English
dog October "Woodcock, 'experienced no
difficulty in defeating the class he met
yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
l» He won the reserve stake, shutting out
Black Hawk in the deciding course. There
were several upsets during the running of
the stake. Onward, defeated Erebus at
5 to 1, Rollicking Airs beat Prometheus
and Blackford Lad teat Dathy, each at
In the open stake, to be concluded to
day, Gambit and Honesty are equal fa
vorites, at B.to 1, Gilmore 13 at 7, Pepita k.
Mose, McHenry, Fannie Hughie and Sem
pronius 10 and Brutus 12. The winners in
the first round of the open stake look to
be:
Gilmore. Pepita, Mose. Gambit. Liberator.
Hor.esty. Cascade. Brutus. Lilac. Miss Wilson,
Jingle Bells. Fannie Hughie. - Master Whalen,
Flower of Gold. Rcyal Friend and La Eelle.
Narcissus i3 favorite in the spec'al stake
at 5 to 1, Merrimac is quoted at 6, Royal
Archer, and Charta 8 and Vandal and Tra
lee Boy 10.
The detailed results of yesterday's win
nings, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
Reserve stake^ — J Sheridan's Tim, Murphy
beat R. S. HerrJer's Ellem. 6-2; Kelly <i Han
ley's Lusmash Lad beat E. Thuener's Blaclc
Cloud. 4-1; J. McNeil's Black Hawk beat W.
C. de B. Lopez's Charlie Ox. 4-2; \V. K-. de B.
Log^z's Blackford Lad beat E. Geary's- Dat'ny.
4-0; Pasha Kennels* Rollicking Airs beat E.
Thuener's Grey Cloud. 2S-5; M. Kerrigan j
Prometheus beat M. B. Kavanagh's May-Be
Kind. 6-2; Pasha Kennels' Reckless Admirer
beat M. Nealon's Pat Freedom. 4-3; T. Jolley'3
Little. May beat M. B. Kavanagh's. Swedish.
8-3; J.-W. Fahey's October Lad beat M. Nea
lon's Fred Freedom. 3-0; R. S. Herrier's Little
Grade- beat J. M. Patterson's Prairie Flower.
4-1- F. Rosenberger's Master Bly beat T.
Meaghcr's Royalist. 4-3; J. Roger's Arbacua
beat J. I. O'Brien's Little Bob. 6-0;. P. C.
Bllck's Yellow Tall beat E. Pratt's Glenbrook.
3-2; Pasha Kennels' Real Lassie beat E. Ccn
roy's Amy B. 14-6; W. Creamer's Onward beat
S. H "Wilson's General Dewet. 28-11; J. F.
Rogers' Erebus beat J. H. McDuffle's Sally
Brass. 0-5. '. ¦ "
Second round — Tim Murphy beat Lusma^h
Lad S-2; Black Hawk beat Blackford Lass.
8-4; Rollicking Airs beat Prometheus. 5-4; Lit
tle May beat Reckless Admirer. 0-0; October
Lad beat Little Gracie, 6-0; Master Bly beat
Arbacus 4-1; Real 'Lassie beat Yellow Tall.
U-5: Onward bear Erebus. 3-2.
Third round — Black Hawk beat Tim Murphy.
3-2; Little May beat Rollicking Airs. 8-3; Oc
tober Lad beat Master Bly, 4-2; Real Lassie
beat Onward. 4-0. . . -. ¦ : :¦ ¦¦'
Fourth round — Black Hawk beat Uttle May.
6-1; October Lad beat Real Lassie. 7-3. • .
Deciding course — October Lad beat _ Blade
Hawk. 4-0. . .
Open stake— E. . Geary's Litttft Jim beat J. J.
Keenan's Lundln Links. 5-1; CO. "Whallon'a
Gilmore beat Kelly & Hanley*» Fearful Ship.
4-2; F. A. McComb's Royal Rogue beat J. H.
"W. Muller's Cruiser, 7-O; "W. C. de B. Lopez's
Pepita beat E. Geary's Fenli. 7-5; Yosemite
Kennels' Mose beat T. Jolley f s Toronto. ia-3r
J. . Mortality's Kittleman beat J. Seggerson's
Gold Hill. 6-0; J. Horn's MxiHenry beat L. M.
MonreaTs Jimmy Anthony, 6-0: F. Darling's
Gambit beat Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire, 4-2:
P. Doyle's Liberator beat J. Conley's New
Moon. 3-2; Chjarlnl Brothers' White Hat beat
T Burke' s Sotoyome, 6-4; T. Sullivan's Va
grant beat T. Cox's "Crockett Hill. »-4; P. J.
Reilly*s Honesty beat T. Burke' s Lottie "W.
6-1; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat Pasha
Kennels' Real Aristocrat. 5-2: J. S. Badt's La
vinla beat J. Manning's Dore«n, 4*0; J. Carr
roll's Cascade beat D.. Toland't Trimight Jr...
4-3: J, Hurley's Sugar Cane beatF. Daley's
Clrff "Wilson, 8-3; J. • P.* Thrift's 3rutus beat
W. C-de B. Xopez's Eager.- 5-1; Alameda'Kenr.
ne-ls*.- -Liiae beat L. T-asromajina's Eoney. Boy.
2-0; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson beat M. MicnllUU's
Strayaway 3-2; Chiarinl Brothers' Sempronlus
beat Alameda Kennels' Clarice, 3-0; C. Plck
ard's Bright Gold beat E. I* Hathaway's
Bridget Cleary. M: J. Denrpsey's Jingle Bells
beat J. Kelleys Governor Mac, 6-2: E. Geary's
Tannle Hughle beat J. Rogers' Glaacus. 4-0;
J. Vinal's Little Fullsrton beat C. Grau's Mar
tha Washington, 4-3; F. Rosenberger's Lady
Chiquita beat G. Graham's Emln Bey. 4-0: M.
Kolander*s Master Whalen teat Pasha Ken
nels' Lawrence. 4-0; P. M. Clarkson'a Flame3
of Gold beat D. Toland'a Pleasant Girl. 3-0;
F.' Jones' Tyrone Prince beat F. ¦ C. Mack's
Delia M: 3-1: R. A. Frink*s Fiery Friend beat
W. N. Hoag*s Cecil M., 5-2: A. McLeod's
RoyaJ Friend beat A. R. Curtis' Dragon Fly,
6-0; L. LagomasinS's La Belle beat C. G.
Whallon's Miss Shirley. 4-2: H. Perigo's Bel
fast beat J«Hurley's Rlley Grannan. 6-4.
Record Entry of Greyhounds.
The California Coursing Committee,
which has charge of the greynound sec
tion at the forthcoming show, has broken
two records. The members have secured
more than a hundred entries of grey
hounds. This is a greater number than
were ever shown at one time in England
or elsewhere. It Is also the greatest num
ber of entries of one breed ever received
for a show In this city.
SALINAS. April 12.— Floyd, the 10-year-old
son of C. O. Brown, a rancher of Buena Vista,
was terribly lacerated this afternoon by the
explosion of a shotgun. His wounds may prova
fatal. . . -. V. - ;
PANAMA, Colombia, April 12.— The
Government fleet, which sailed from here
Thursday, returned last night. The gun
boat Chuchuto patrolled the coast to the
Bayamo River, whither 200 men had beea
.vent to bring cattle for the troops. The
Boyaca. went as far as San Carlos with
out meeting any revolutionary vessels.
It is rumored that the revolutionary
General Herrera desired to send to the
Government gome ' communications
through Captain \V. W. Reisinger of tne
United States cruiser Philadelynia. Cap
tain Reismger refused to receive the com
munication, saying he could not accept
thorn because as u representative of tiia
"Liuled States he couid recognize no aii-
Uionty in the district but that of Gover
nor balazar. The captain's conduct is
commended in conservative circles.
The collection of the war tax imposed
by a recent decree was begun to-day. The
houses of all Liberals who have nbt paid
the tax levied upon them are surrounded
by soldiers. Most cf the assessments have
fJready beer, paid, but some or the persons
taxed have joined the revolutionists in
the Held.
A meeting cf the foreign Consuls here
was held this morning to consider whether
anything could be dons to prevent the
Government from collecting the war tax
levied against Consul Boyd of Salvador
BSQ Consul Jesurem of Holland. After
discussion it was decided that the con
sular body could accomplish nothing in
favcr of Boyd and Jesurem.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Artril 12. — The steam
ship Amur arrived this evening from Skagway
with a small list of passengers. News was.
brought that the northern trails are breaking
up very fast and there is practically no travel
in or out from Dawson. .., ....
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK
ST. PETERSBURG. April 12.— Captain F. L.
H. Stouir. the United States military attache,
is recovering from an attack of inflammation
cf the lungs.
Good baseball Is sometimes like certain
diseases— contagious. On Friday thirteen
acts of the high grade article were ren
dered in a becoming manner. Yesterday
the crowd beheld a battle royal, fast and
exciting enough to satisfy the taste of the
most exacting crank who ever said harsh
things about an umpire ¦ or v drew a rain
check at the box office. -The home team
won— a source of much gratification to
the rooters. The score was close, 6 to 5,
and it was either side's game for the ask
ing until the last man was put out.
' H. Kane, who is tall and possessed of a
kangaroo shape, passed them to the Sen
ators for inspection, while Peter Dowlmg,
he of the erratic nature, endeavored to
puzzle the ponies. Kane buffa.oed the
crowd. Every one thought he was lixe
unto the proverbial March hare for w,iid
ness and as easy to rattle as a fat man
looking for his scat in a' theater. The
spectators were mistaken. Kane, while
a little unsteady at times, kept his think
ing box clear and mystified the Senators
in every inning but one. Dqwling also
handled himself with much grace, but a
few coetiy errors at critical points were
his undoing. The score:
¦ SAN FRANCISCO.
. . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. 1. f :.. 3 3 1 1 2 0 0
Bone. 2b 3 2 2 1 1 1 0
Lawlor. c. f 4 0 2 13 0 0
Nordyke, lb 4 1 12 10-0-0
Holly, s. s.. .... 4 0 113 3 1
Shueart; 3b 3 0 0 0 2 1 1
Leahy, c ...4 0 1 0 4 1 0
Delmas. r. f 4 0 10 2 .1 0
Kane, p .400 0 0 5 2
Totals .'. S3 6 9 6 2c 12 4
SACRAMENTO.
• . " L AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Unglaub, s. s. ....... 5 0 1 0 0 4 1
Doyle. 2b.. 4 1 0 0 110
Rebsamen. c. f 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
.Birmingham, lb ¦. 3 2 2 0 0 0 1
Frary. r. f 3 10 0 400
Wagner. 1. f. ......... 4 0 2 0 2 10
Graham, c 2 1 1 1 4 02
Powling, p ....4 0 0 0 •. 0 3,1
Totals 34 '5 6 1 »23 10 A
•Kane out — bunted third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 3 0 0 1 1 0 — 3
, Base hits 000 3 0002 1—6
San Francisco... .'2 10 10 0 2 0 • — 6
Base hits....... 2221002 0 •— 0
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits — Bone, Sheehan. First base on
errors— San Francisco 2, Sacramento 4. First
base on called balls — Off Dowling 2, off Kane
5. Left on bases — San Francisco 7, Sacramento
8. Struck out — By Kane 3. Dy Dowliag 4.
Hit by pitcher — McHale. Double play — Delmas
to Leahy. Time 'of game — 1 :45. Umpire —
O'Connell. Official scorer — Harry Cashman.
, The second home-and-home match be
tween the San Francisco and the Oak
land Golf clubs was \ finished yesterday
afternoon on the Presidio links, Oakland
winning- 11 up. On the previous Saturday
the Oaklanders, playing in their own'
links, ran up the handsome score .of. \"Zi.
up" against the visiting San Franciscans.
TJie Presidio men by winning lC-.up yes
terday reduced the total lead of Oakland
to 11 up. B. D. Adamson gained a no
table victory over F. S. Stratton, whom
he defeated 11 up, . Adamson's . medal
scores being 41, 42 (total S3) for the two
rounds. Three men on the Oakland side
scored against their opponents, R. .;M.
Fitzgerald being 4 up against S. L. Abbot
Jr.; C. P. Hubbard beating Warren Greg
ory, 4 up. and W. P. Johnson beating
John Lawson. 2 up. The . results are
shown in the table: . " ; ....'...
INTERCLUB GOLF TOURNAMENT, j
San Francisco. . Up- 1 1 Oakland. ~ i.Up.
John Lawson 0 I W. V. Johnson..". "2
B. D. Adamson.. 11 F. S. Stratton :O>.
J. W. Byrne 3 E. K. Folger 0
S. L. Abbot Jr... 0 ft. M. Fitzgerald. 4
H. M. Hoyt C J. A. Folger...... -0
H. C. Golcher... 1 Arthur Goodall... "0
G. B. Cooksey.. . 5 J. H. Ames... 0
Warren Gregory.. 0 C. P. Hubbard... - 4
Total 2C . ! Total ...... J.0
Deciding Game Will Be Played
Off on Some' Neutral
Links.
American Captain Declines
to Recognizs General
Sec re Is Often Tied, With the
' Result in Dcubt Until
Narcissus Is Installed Favor
ite in To-Day 's Big
FLEET RETURNS
WITHOUT PRIZES
same fate In the tenth. . In the eleventh
McGilvray got to first on a passed ball
and reached second on Lowenthal's drive
to Braly. The side was retired, however,
on Xellogg's easy hit to second.
Crawford, • the Stanford shortstop,-ac
cepted ten chances, some of them hard
ones, without an error. He secured one
hit off Overall.
Following is the score: .
CALIFORNIA. . ,.
, AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hamlln. c. & c. f.J.. 5 0 0 0 11 0
Kennedy. 3b ....-5 0 0 0 1 2 0
Adams, s. s.. ...4 12 05 2 0
Braly. 2b..... 5 0 3 0 0 C S
Hendrlcks, lb ..4 0 1 1 18 1 0
McKeown, r. f .4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Williams. I.. f: 4 110 10 0
Hatch, c. 4 0 0 0. 7 3 2
Overall, p 4 0 0 0 0 TO
".' Totals •........'. .30 2 8 1 33 22 5
Colombia Gunboats Seek
Vainly for Revolu
tionists.
Presidio Team Reduces
Lead of Visitors, but :
Loses. ¦¦.."• ¦¦•••¦
Clever Young Greyhound
Defeats an Ordinary
Harris* Ponies Finish
First in a Lively
Race.
OCTOBER LAD
WINS A STAKE
OAKLAND GOLFERS
WIN THE MATCH
KANE PITCHES
IN GOOD FORM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL; 13, 1902.
CALIFORNIA WINS THE SECOND GAME
AND THE BASEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP
30
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Saturday, April 12.— Weather fine. Track fast.
35S7. FIRST RACE — Mile and 100 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
I j ' p ~ ' Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. H. 14. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op; Cl.-
S5S0 Frank Woods, €..112 7 61 51 32 1 1>£ Garden City Stable.. See 3 16-5
3475 Straggler, a 114 9 4 % 4 lj 1 n 2h O. W. Boesecke.. Romero 10. 20
3072 |E1 Pilar, 3 99 6 2% lh 2h 31 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 8-5 1
5580 [Lento, 3 102 1 8n 8 10 5 4 45 Neil & Blazer... L. Daly 3 11-2
<?.OG0) Canejo, 5 110)8 7 3 6>i 4h 5 2 Owen B203 Foucon • 6 10
3514 !BilIy Lyons, 4 108! 5 3 1 3 n 6 'A 6 10 J. B. Bortano.. Hoar 30 . 20
jQuibo. 4 108 3 11 2 1% 7 2* 7 4 Evans & Price.. .Troxler 10 30
SSeS 1dm. 8 112 2 5n 74 85 85 Holcomb & Smith.. Prior 7 13
355J jRalnler. a 112 4 9 9 9 9 James Andre ws..Perslco . 60 1 300
Time— 'i, :24Vi: Vi, :49i4; »i, 1:15%: mile, l:42V4; 1 l-16m. 1:4$. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner. Garden City Stable's b. g. by Gano- Aunt Betsy. ¦
"VVocds best and nicely ridden. Straggler a cheap one. El Pilar would possibly have done
better had Ransch not rated him. Lento a slow beginner. Scratched — Wolhurst 114,; Gold
Baron 112. .:;;-•. -.- „ ... >-
S5SS. SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325. .¦.
I ~~ I - • . ' ! \ ' .... ...Betting. "
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. %. i&. Str. Fin.- Owner and Jockey*. Op.\ Cl.,
<3514)!Capt. Gaines. 5.. 114 6 6 B 2" 2 h 1 3 W'. G. Matthews.. Donnly 3 ' 3
."5555 iMilas. 3 100 3 In In In 2n Jennings & Co..L. Daly ¦ 3 9-2,
35C3 jHalmetta, 3 95 5 3 n 2 h 3 n 3 4 W. Ketcheman... .Knapp 20 - 5<J
SSC3 I Impromptu, 4 Ill 421 3h 42 45 Montana Stable.. .McCrty 4 ¦ 6
SS?.S 'Jim Hale, 4 110 1 4 «4 6 5 4 5 6 W. L. Stanfield..FoucOn 8-5 13-10
2416 [Sailor. 4 IPS 2 52 4 14 6 6 George Webb. ..... .Hoar ¦' 20 -'• 25
Time — '^, :23%; Ki *-40*i; %, 1:15U; "^, 1:29. Poor start. Won ridden out.' Second arid
third driving. Winter, W. G. Matthews' b. h. by Deceiver-Eugenie. 'Poor race fronTS' time
standpoint. Winner apparently beet. Miias might have won differently handled..' IM-
premptu hung the last sixteenth. Jim Hale injudiciously handled.- -¦ v- ¦ « •!.— - ¦:¦¦. >
33^3
R
ACE-
— One mile;
; selling;
: four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
li. .
%.
Str.
Fin.
Owner and Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Ir.
X
rse. Age, Weight. [St. Vt- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.. I Op. CL.
-I
j 1 1
3:
K
:>;
:>:
Ti
I5C2
en
in?::
;r>rs
S47
.55:1
:ryoO
aa
¦547
Unt
W;
¦V\E
Ba
Jab
,1m
:iti
tM
'jew
izr
roe
lOB
as
"T,
Urn
'.d
b, 4 10C 1.23 23 2h lh William Cahill Hoar '10 '10
nelipht. 6 117 2 3n 42 42 2n- Magrane & Co. .Frawley . 4" 10
ty KeUy. 5... .110 7 1 1% 1 l'^l n 3 5 W. L. Stanfield. : Foucon 4 * ' 0
1 Fretter. 6 115 « 4n 3n 3 V 4 1. F. J. O'Rourkc.L. Daly . 6-5"-S-2
f Dare, 4 108 3 5 1 ~ 6 >£ 6 M 5 2 J. C. Nealon ..... Ransch -4' ' 6
ona, 5 112 9 9 9 8^4 63 Partington Bros..Vickery 10 15
oa. 6 110 4 6^5n 5n 72 A. B. Spreckels..Jackgon 10 8
njiass. 4 106 5 71,82 7%S5 James Wilson ...See 15 : 30
irtier. 4 113 « S3 7 Vi 9 a J. M. Crane Troxler 10 40
¦ of York IL a .117] Left . .. I. Morehouse.. .Bozeman 25 40
:25; >i, Iwti %. 1:15^4 ; mile. 1:41H. Bad start. Won first three driving.
, W. Cahill's b. m. by Belvedere-Peninah. Bab stood a drive gamely. Limelight
sing very fast. Kitty Kelly tired. The Fretter sulked. Ulloa stopped. Scratched —
112. Grafter 1C8. * ., .¦ r -
r-"oo
Index
RTH RACE — Futurity course;
and Weight. !St. 14. %.
; Gebha
Str.
Gebhar
ird handi
Fin.
d handicap; two-year-olds; to first,' $1500.
leap; two-year-olds; to
Owner and Jockey.
d first, $1500
I Betting.
Op. CL
1X10
C3SU)
3482
8506 I
Tiree-
dr:v
call
Clia
tlJC
ton.
G
IA
1 H
ItH
18]
;o:
12
— T
vitt
1 G
i!lC
ML
Jold
irafc
ion;
tjrW
)rf«<
i"rr
To
IS-
2old
cellc
••c
1-Van 108 5 7 7 4 Vi ' 1 h (G. B. Morris Jacksonl 8 8
bo 11313 6 1 6 1 5 2 2 ns W. B. Jennings.. L. Daly 15 20
h Chancellor...llJ)| 4 3 2 3 h 2 Vx 3 4 Chinn & Forsythe.Conley 1 4-5
iton 11412 In 2 1% In 44 W. O'B. Macd'gh.Ransch 2 16-5
ia Talbot..;.116| 1 2 2 In 3 I'j 5 n B. Schrelber Troxler . 4.5
•o 115| 6 51 4262 63 W. O'B. Macd'gh.Foucon •¦ • •
rgle West 108| 7 4 h 5 1 7 7 Chlnn & Forsyth».Donly| »» ««
J 4. :22; to *$. :46>«; last %. 1:01; short vi, 1:11%. Good start. Won first three
Winner, G. B. Morris' b. c. by Goldfinch- Vandala. The bellboy did not forget to
d Van this day. With equally as sticrjg a rldi Arabo could have won. High
.or was best but got away poorly and was cut off on several occasions. Honlton
!o did Sylvia Talbot. Scratched — The Fog 105, Clarinette 100. 'Coupled with Honi-
with High Chancellor.' • .
839 ti
r
Iiioexj]
F
He:
FTF1
?rse.
TH RACE! — 1 1-16 miles; Ormonde handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $400.
j j ~ I Bettinir.
, Age, Weight. [St. *£. %. Str. . Fin. I Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
rD7? ! Position 5 100 2 4*4 33 11 . D. S. Fountain.. .Txoxler 7-5 S-5
3578 iMacGyle 5 100 3 3 1^ 2 h 2 % 22 Elmwood Farm..Ransch 7-5 8-5
r-"S IBragg, 3 80 4 1 Vt 1 % 1 % 34 Curl & Co Knapp 6 4
S5C0 iCol. Ballantyne. 4. 96| 1 2 Vj 3 2^4 4 4 James Wilson ..Jackson 5 7
•Time— U. *5M : % :49i4; y,. ittfMt m. 1:45: 1 l-16m. i~:47& Fair start. Won easily.
Sccnnd and third" driving. Winner. D. S. Fountain's br. g. by Racine- Pottery. Position
perfectly ridden. MacGyle did his best. Bras? quit. Track possibly too hard for Colonel:
Kallantvr.f. ¦ . - • ¦ " -
ijauamyr.e. • ,
?,r,i)'J. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; tnree-year-c.lds and up; to first, $325.
~] ' T : ; : - ' ~- I Bettintr.
Index JHorse. Age. Weight. >St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.. Op. CL
SJS8 IDoublPt 5 114] 2 2 1 1 1% > 1% 1 % D- S. Fountain.. Bozemanl 4 • • 5
<346&)jMay IV a 114| 3 3 % 2 n 2 Vn 2 3 D. Cameron. ., ...Ransch 4 . .3
2770 iFlush of Gold, 5.. 107 1 « 4 5 % 4 1 3 4 Owen Bros. ....Troxler 8 9-2
S542 !Glcnd<»nning. 3 .. 96J 5 4 >i 3 <4 '3 Vi 4 3 Montana Stable. Jackson ; 7-5 9-5
357.1 S*-a Queen 6 lUn 6 5 n 41 r. 2 52 John A. Lewis. McCarthy C ,7
S540 Varro 4 '. Ill I 7 7 6 1 6 1 C 10 G. W. Miller Foucon 10 . 15
.... jlndlo.' a 1121 4 1 h 7 7 7 Jennings & Co.. t L. Dalyl 4 15
Time Vt :24; V», :49; % 1:13*4. Good start. -Won first three driving. Winner. D. S.
fountain's ch. g. by Domino-Lucy Wallace. Doublet enjoyed good racing luck- May W
no excuses. Flush of Gold ran an excellent race. GlendennSng pocketed almost from the
time the barrier went up. Indlo had early fixed. Scratched— De Capo 112. " ¦ . '. ¦ •_--¦
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Saturday, April 12.— Weather fine. Track fast.
35S7. FIRST RACE — Mile and 100 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
I j ' p ~ ' Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. H. 14. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op; Cl.-
S5S0 Frank Woods, €..112 7 61 51 32 1 1>£ Garden City Stable.. See 3 16-5
3475 Straggler, a 114 9 4 % 4 lj 1 n 2h O. W. Boesecke.. Romero 10. 20
3072 |E1 Pilar, 3 99 6 2% lh 2h 31 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 8-5 1
5580 [Lento, 3 102 1 8n 8 10 5 4 45 Neil & Blazer... L. Daly 3 11-2
<?.OG0) Canejo, 5 110)8 7 3 6>i 4h 5 2 Owen B203 Foucon • 6 10
3514 !BilIy Lyons, 4 108! 5 3 1 3 n 6 'A 6 10 J. B. Bortano.. Hoar 30 . 20
jQuibo. 4 108 3 11 2 1% 7 2* 7 4 Evans & Price.. .Troxler 10 30
SSeS 1dm. 8 112 2 5n 74 85 85 Holcomb & Smith.. Prior 7 13
355J jRalnler. a 112 4 9 9 9 9 James Andre ws..Perslco . 60 1 300
Time— 'i, :24Vi: Vi, :49i4; »i, 1:15%: mile, l:42V4; 1 l-16m. 1:4$. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner. Garden City Stable's b. g. by Gano- Aunt Betsy. ¦
"VVocds best and nicely ridden. Straggler a cheap one. El Pilar would possibly have done
better had Ransch not rated him. Lento a slow beginner. Scratched — Wolhurst 114,; Gold
Baron 112. .:;;-•. -.- „ ... >-
S5SS. SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325. .¦.
I ~~ I - • . ' ! \ ' .... ...Betting. "
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. %. i&. Str. Fin.- Owner and Jockey*. Op.\ Cl.,
<3514)!Capt. Gaines. 5.. 114 6 6 B 2" 2 h 1 3 W'. G. Matthews.. Donnly 3 ' 3
."5555 iMilas. 3 100 3 In In In 2n Jennings & Co..L. Daly ¦ 3 9-2,
35C3 jHalmetta, 3 95 5 3 n 2 h 3 n 3 4 W. Ketcheman... .Knapp 20 - 5<J
SSC3 I Impromptu, 4 Ill 421 3h 42 45 Montana Stable.. .McCrty 4 ¦ 6
SS?.S 'Jim Hale, 4 110 1 4 «4 6 5 4 5 6 W. L. Stanfield..FoucOn 8-5 13-10
2416 [Sailor. 4 IPS 2 52 4 14 6 6 George Webb. ..... .Hoar ¦' 20 -'• 25
Time — '^, :23%; Ki *-40*i; %, 1:15U; "^, 1:29. Poor start. Won ridden out.' Second arid
third driving. Winter, W. G. Matthews' b. h. by Deceiver-Eugenie. 'Poor race fronTS' time
standpoint. Winner apparently beet. Miias might have won differently handled..' IM-
premptu hung the last sixteenth. Jim Hale injudiciously handled.- -¦ v- ¦ « •!.— - ¦:¦¦. >
33^3
R
ACE-
— One mile;
; selling;
: four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
li. .
%.
Str.
Fin.
Owner and Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Ir.
X
rse. Age, Weight. [St. Vt- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.. I Op. CL.
-I
j 1 1
3:
K
:>;
:>:
Ti
I5C2
en
in?::
;r>rs
S47
.55:1
:ryoO
aa
¦547
Unt
W;
¦V\E
Ba
Jab
,1m
:iti
tM
'jew
izr
roe
lOB
as
"T,
Urn
'.d
b, 4 10C 1.23 23 2h lh William Cahill Hoar '10 '10
nelipht. 6 117 2 3n 42 42 2n- Magrane & Co. .Frawley . 4" 10
ty KeUy. 5... .110 7 1 1% 1 l'^l n 3 5 W. L. Stanfield. : Foucon 4 * ' 0
1 Fretter. 6 115 « 4n 3n 3 V 4 1. F. J. O'Rourkc.L. Daly . 6-5"-S-2
f Dare, 4 108 3 5 1 ~ 6 >£ 6 M 5 2 J. C. Nealon ..... Ransch -4' ' 6
ona, 5 112 9 9 9 8^4 63 Partington Bros..Vickery 10 15
oa. 6 110 4 6^5n 5n 72 A. B. Spreckels..Jackgon 10 8
njiass. 4 106 5 71,82 7%S5 James Wilson ...See 15 : 30
irtier. 4 113 « S3 7 Vi 9 a J. M. Crane Troxler 10 40
¦ of York IL a .117] Left . .. I. Morehouse.. .Bozeman 25 40
:25; >i, Iwti %. 1:15^4 ; mile. 1:41H. Bad start. Won first three driving.
, W. Cahill's b. m. by Belvedere-Peninah. Bab stood a drive gamely. Limelight
sing very fast. Kitty Kelly tired. The Fretter sulked. Ulloa stopped. Scratched —
112. Grafter 1C8. * ., .¦ r -
r-"oo
Index
RTH RACE — Futurity course;
and Weight. !St. 14. %.
; Gebha
Str.
Gebhar
ird handi
Fin.
d handicap; two-year-olds; to first,' $1500.
leap; two-year-olds; to
Owner and Jockey.
d first, $1500
I Betting.
Op. CL
1X10
C3SU)
3482
8506 I
Tiree-
dr:v
call
Clia
tlJC
ton.
G
IA
1 H
ItH
18]
;o:
12
— T
vitt
1 G
i!lC
ML
Jold
irafc
ion;
tjrW
)rf«<
i"rr
To
IS-
2old
cellc
••c
1-Van 108 5 7 7 4 Vi ' 1 h (G. B. Morris Jacksonl 8 8
bo 11313 6 1 6 1 5 2 2 ns W. B. Jennings.. L. Daly 15 20
h Chancellor...llJ)| 4 3 2 3 h 2 Vx 3 4 Chinn & Forsythe.Conley 1 4-5
iton 11412 In 2 1% In 44 W. O'B. Macd'gh.Ransch 2 16-5
ia Talbot..;.116| 1 2 2 In 3 I'j 5 n B. Schrelber Troxler . 4.5
•o 115| 6 51 4262 63 W. O'B. Macd'gh.Foucon •¦ • •
rgle West 108| 7 4 h 5 1 7 7 Chlnn & Forsyth».Donly| »» ««
J 4. :22; to *$. :46>«; last %. 1:01; short vi, 1:11%. Good start. Won first three
Winner, G. B. Morris' b. c. by Goldfinch- Vandala. The bellboy did not forget to
d Van this day. With equally as sticrjg a rldi Arabo could have won. High
.or was best but got away poorly and was cut off on several occasions. Honlton
!o did Sylvia Talbot. Scratched — The Fog 105, Clarinette 100. 'Coupled with Honi-
with High Chancellor.' • .
839 ti
r
Iiioexj]
F
He:
FTF1
?rse.
TH RACE! — 1 1-16 miles; Ormonde handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $400.
j j ~ I Bettinir.
, Age, Weight. [St. *£. %. Str. . Fin. I Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
rD7? ! Position 5 100 2 4*4 33 11 . D. S. Fountain.. .Txoxler 7-5 S-5
3578 iMacGyle 5 100 3 3 1^ 2 h 2 % 22 Elmwood Farm..Ransch 7-5 8-5
r-"S IBragg, 3 80 4 1 Vt 1 % 1 % 34 Curl & Co Knapp 6 4
S5C0 iCol. Ballantyne. 4. 96| 1 2 Vj 3 2^4 4 4 James Wilson ..Jackson 5 7
•Time— U. *5M : % :49i4; y,. ittfMt m. 1:45: 1 l-16m. i~:47& Fair start. Won easily.
Sccnnd and third" driving. Winner. D. S. Fountain's br. g. by Racine- Pottery. Position
perfectly ridden. MacGyle did his best. Bras? quit. Track possibly too hard for Colonel:
Kallantvr.f. ¦ . - • ¦ " -
ijauamyr.e. • ,
?,r,i)'J. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; tnree-year-c.lds and up; to first, $325.
~] ' T : ; : - ' ~- I Bettintr.
Index JHorse. Age. Weight. >St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.. Op. CL
SJS8 IDoublPt 5 114] 2 2 1 1 1% > 1% 1 % D- S. Fountain.. Bozemanl 4 • • 5
<346&)jMay IV a 114| 3 3 % 2 n 2 Vn 2 3 D. Cameron. ., ...Ransch 4 . .3
2770 iFlush of Gold, 5.. 107 1 « 4 5 % 4 1 3 4 Owen Bros. ....Troxler 8 9-2
S542 !Glcnd<»nning. 3 .. 96J 5 4 >i 3 <4 '3 Vi 4 3 Montana Stable. Jackson ; 7-5 9-5
357.1 S*-a Queen 6 lUn 6 5 n 41 r. 2 52 John A. Lewis. McCarthy C ,7
S540 Varro 4 '. Ill I 7 7 6 1 6 1 C 10 G. W. Miller Foucon 10 . 15
.... jlndlo.' a 1121 4 1 h 7 7 7 Jennings & Co.. t L. Dalyl 4 15
Time Vt :24; V», :49; % 1:13*4. Good start. -Won first three driving. Winner. D. S.
fountain's ch. g. by Domino-Lucy Wallace. Doublet enjoyed good racing luck- May W
no excuses. Flush of Gold ran an excellent race. GlendennSng pocketed almost from the
time the barrier went up. Indlo had early fixed. Scratched— De Capo 112. " ¦ . '. ¦ •_--¦
NEW 1901
TRIBUNE
BICYCLES
Fitted with G & J or Hartford
Tires.
LEAVITT & BILL,
307-309 Larkin Street.
Eend for Bargain List.
O@GQQ9Q90OeoeGeeGQea9Q0 6800009300000098360009 9090000006060000000000 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO<
I Every Man May Possess it. Wear Dr. McLaaghlin's Electric Belt
O To the man whose vitality is exhausted and who &^w« - ww«* w wu
S finds himself, while still young in years, a broken- %SlkM ' Are you a weakman? Are you nervous, fret-
| clown wreck of what he ought to be, the Dr. Me- ful, and gloomy? Is your sleep broken? Have you
9 Laughlin Electric Belt .is full of encouragement. It ' pains and aches in different parts of your body? Is
® is the success of the age in elevating the condition /? "NJy.." your back weak and painful? :Have you lost the
| of men suffering from a : loss of vitality. " \^W<C N. vigor of youth? Are you Rheumatic and Gouty?
| :*S It is worn wl)il^y^^^p}feFprrsixifor eight -l^iT A Have you Varicocele? These are all the result of
9 hours; every night it pours ;a ''steady, stream of elec -^ t\^\ D\ \S^ the waste of vital force: The gentle stream of elec-
© tricity into the nerve centers, saturating the wea^lM\fe\|8 tricity from Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt go-
g= : ened tissues with its life. This is strength. 1^ From it :^g^A -^"O^^^l in g" in to the weak .nerves for hours every night
g r comesthe-vim, the energy, the, fire of perfect -physivM^^^^-r^^ja soon replaces all the lost energy and makes even'
© cal and mental action. It renews- the health and hap- H^vylfraBBf-nerve and muscle perfect. It cures permanently in
| piness of all men. - - ; / \ . /E©/W'^ l ***^* every case "
I DR. |l^B|i||l§ E LECTRIC BE LT
©/ rli is unlike all others. It is stronger, more durable and more satisfactory to wear than any other method of treatment.
® You feel its .vitalizing warmth as soon as it touches your body. Puf.it on when you are retiring, set the regulator just as you like the nnw« ,«j •*
| Write To-Day for My Free Illustrated Book and Full Information.
® V 'i ?t r -" McLaughlin's book: is. published for free distribution to.those interested in the development of vigorous health in men and women It U '«;«_
• [uselyjllustrated and. describes his method of -treatment and appliances. * Sent sealed free on request. Send for it to-day, inclosing this ad Dr mA,, W 2"
Q hn s Electric Belt has a cure in ; everv town. Upon request the names of your neighbors who have been cured by it will be sent to vou iHci-ausrn-
• v C%r^J:;; l -;^-^v^^» i Anwie8;-cai.;;;ator.\7, ; iow.' 4 i '':'!<. • .-:• Columbia^ c&u Mar. 23. 1902. : ; P : M ' f, .
© DR.*/ M.C.: MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: '1 ; have used ;; DR. M.C. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: In regard to «» M riM.rf.mJ!' 1 Feb - 2 ' .1902-
©your high-grade' belt foe tr?o months for lame back. ¦ rheu- v' T]}? 1 *™^** 11 ?* done for me. I am glad to be able to ; »«•¦«• ?• McLALGHLIN-Dear Sir: I used yourb«lt
© rnatlim and weakened nerve<and am now a well man.M. w J t^^^wVwrt^ <^ffit OT^l^ to to k fS?i d iS!XS r I" IT^"* "* * lad t(> Ml you that Jt ™** »• of
• $ have '.'gained over ilx pounds in '.weight .;and feel as strong befo«i had \ worn It two weeks, and Mw^ert like a new lame *••** kldney bladder tro °*>le- I «m now
9 and hearty as I ever did. " All -. my . friends . acknowledge man. I, have-been telllntr all my friends what the belt and well# ln P«rfect health, and weigh more than T »^ .
Q -that I have had. a", miraculous -cure. as. I was almost a>' - has done for me. You may use this testimonial letter In did. My appetite la bette- than" it. hu »>-»„?
8%^S'^*^:""^i5Slf£|S!| i^&^^M^^^Sx^SM^r
••-¦' .'- •¦'; CATJTION^-I have to caution you against a. certain advertisement offering -"an electric belt' free "" Of course it U a" I'mar'm ;«*L«j-j'iJ j . KING -
IliSO ;¦ NiSC ..Mel' AlI-fiHMN T^^^et^.San^anclsco^aK
••••••••••^••••••••••¦» .••^••••••••••••••••••.'••••••••••••••••••••••¦••••••••••••••••«««i-,PACIFIC (GROVE. April \< 12.— Milton
Sherwood? died; here- last 1 night. ?', Hecame
to California} in ; the : early flf ties.'.
Milton Sherwood.
Lena Smith; the . two-year-old daughter
of Mrs. Pauline Smith, who was fatally
phot at her home, , 207V4 Tehama ¦ street,
Friday night, ; ' was - taken .-to - the i City
Prison yesterday, by Officer McMurray
of the California Society, for; the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children and placed la
Her Child . Cared For.
LONDON, . April 12.— Among !the passen
gers on the Cunard line steamer Campa
nia, -which sailed from Liverpool to-day
for New York, are Lord and Lady; Kelvin.
I,ord and Lady Kelvin Coming.
The Master Horseshoers' Protective As
sociation of this city f has adopted . the fol
lowing resolutions: .; • .
-Whereas, ". Senator Lodge' of ' Massachusetts
ana Representative .William '¦ Alden ¦' Smith « of
Michigan have Introduced bills (numbered Sen
ate 237, House of Representatives : 6279) for the'
increase of the' pay , of letter carriers, •'¦ there
fore be it :'¦"' >'*..< ' ' > «•.¦• .
Resolved, ' That we, Master Horseshocrs J of
San Francisco, : Local * 97,*- of the -\- National
Horseshoers' , Association . of America. - Indorse
said bill and ask for its speedy passage. -
; - Resolved, * That the secretary notify our Con
gressional delegation, also < Senator.; Lodire and
William Alden ; Smith ' of .' the * action •• taken by
this body. ¦- :.; /. ¦ ¦•¦"' ; - -.-¦.. -- < -¦¦ v :.*
Adopted ' unanimously "April 8, 1902. .,',
C.^H. KNOWNBURG. Secretary.
More . Pay for Letter /Carriers.
after a fight of twelve or more years car
ried through the United States courts,
hat> been awarded title . to the - section
known as No. 30, about 500 acres of land
below the Gage canal, with water rights,
TlUued at S250.000. -. ; '¦
Matthew Gage Wins His Suit.
RIVERSIDE. April 12.— Matthew Gage,
Dowager Empress, with 100 of the hlgh
<-st ofllcials, including Yuan Shai Kal, the
Viceroy of Chill and a retinue of 3000 civil-
Jans and 2000 soldiers, will start to-mor
row on the first pilgrimage in four years
to the eastern - tombs of the dynasty, 100
miles distant, to offer sacrifices. The im
perial party will be' absent from the capi
tal a fortnight, and during that time most
public business will be suspended.
PEKING. April 12.— The Emperor and
Boyal Chinese Pilgrimage.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— A cablegram
received from Minister Powell at San Do
mingo to-day, reports that the rebellion
which broke out there was crushed. No
details are supplied/.
Rebellion Is Crushed.
'At ¦ .the i Receiving ¦ Hospital .- the woman
asserted | that ' it : was I only; an '¦ accident, but
when the police ¦ captured « Wheatly : he ad- (
¦---¦ -.- *;.-¦ ¦.:.¦¦¦ ¦ • ¦ ' ¦ • .,"• ¦
- Wheatly^r.wlth^ a- man by the name of
Dodsnon, keeps the ' Turf saloon at • Sev
enth .street, near A Wood. . Wheatly -went
to;.the' racetrack: -to-day; and • loathsome
money.." He -tried to Tdf own his ; sorrow in
the. usual way, but^only succeeded in .be
coming, very ugly, r In. this frame, of mind
he • went : home and ¦ picked a quarrel > with
his ' wlfe.v,-They ¦' '¦; began •¦--, to v abuse 'each
other'; and he; drew .-¦'his-.-, revolver- and
snapped it r three -times, at her. , The car
tridge did not explode and the woman; ran
outside.v while their 14-year-old son grap
pled with* the: father to prevent him fol
lowing the 'mother. .
' -The j womanc went outside ''¦ only i to C arm
i herself " with - a '¦-- lot v of ¦" bricks;;, and -,'. with
these " she : returned '. to : the fray > and ¦ faced
her husband's;, revolver.. 'She <threw ithe
bricks i al» v him and he ) emptied his revol
ver^ at ; her, one i bullet - striking : her \ In \ the
leg.'; ~^-z-\ •--.>-¦--"•; \--.' :--;-•'*¦ • .\- ¦:¦'--.¦ ¦;:•'¦,¦. • '¦
William W.heatly, ; a West Oakland col
ored v saloon-keeper, emptied his " revolver
at his wife to-night while she was throw
ing bricks, at thlm. -The. woman- was shot
In • the >. leg and Wheatly is : in the City
Prison, :- accused of ¦¦¦ assault - to commit
murder.' '¦ , •• ¦ ¦¦.¦ .-..->¦ .¦.•¦¦ ; -- ¦ , ¦;,•>
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
w^Vs 1118 Broadway, April 12. :
WASHINGTON. April 12.— Governor
General Wood has issued an order direct-
Ing Brigadier General Alejandro Rodri
guez, chief of the Rural Guard of Havana,
to take command of the "Cuerpo de Ar
tUiera," in addition to his present duties
with the guard. On the transfer of the
present Government General Rodriguez is
directed to report to the President of
Cuba, "as commandant of the Cuban
armed forces, for such orders and instruc
tions as may be given him."
Cuban Commandant Is Selected.
. 'ATLANTA;: Ga., April tf.^-A : cablegram
from*; Manila^ received * here 'I to-day, an
nounces : the death of . Major IS:: B.< Grandy
of I the i,Thirty-flf th >; Infantry, -: at - Liepa,
province of iBatangas. . ,. .
Major L. B. Grandly.
REDDING, April v 12.— Scott v Sutton, : a
man c of' brilliant r mind,' once dramatio
criticoh San 'Francisco 'papers.', but who
has f = lived in comparative . retirement ; near
the: town; of Shasta 'the past' two: years,
died to-day of- pneumonia. His mother and
brother: reside in San Francisco. ¦
Scott ¦ Sutton.
OAKLAND, April 12.— Alice Ralston was
to-day granted a divorce from Harry M
Ralston by s Judge Hall on grounds cf de
sertion and failure to provide. :' The 'couple
have two children,* Margaret,* aged 4 yea-8
and Samuel, 7 years. : The boy is
now with his father In Missouri.
THE DAY7S DEAD.
Alice * Ralston • Is -Now Free.
the Lag.
Colored Saloon - Keeper
r Shoots H s Wife in:* t-
Selections, orchestra;, opening .remarks,
Hon. Peter J. Curtis ; piano solo. Miss ¦ K.
Supple: ¦- recitation,^ Miss f M. -Connelly;
dumb-bell drill, boys' 'Sunday-school;;se
lections. Baby ¦Devine;' 1 tambourine drill.
Holy Angels' Sodality; recitation, Miss
K. Millerick; coon . songs, -Miss Clotilda
McMahon; vocal , solo, Harry Dinan; se
lections, orchestra; soprano solo, "For
This." Miss Etta Welsh;, vocal duet, VII
Puritano," Eugene Bournlzeau and' Roy,
B. •- Kay; tenor r solo, "M' Appari ITutt
Amor," Chevalier PietroBuzai; contralto
solo, "Spring's Awaking,'.'. Miss ~ Lillian
Wilson; vocal duet, . selected,' Miss ' Etta
Welsh -¦ and Chevalier/ Pietro Buzz!; bass
Bolo, selected, Eugene Bournizeau. Ac
companist, Miss Marie Short. .
A successful entertainment was given
last night at Mission Turn Verein Hall in
aid of the- building fund of St. 'John's
parish, of which Rev. , Father Brady t- is
the rector. The following programme wa3
rendered: ' .' '
Give Successful Benefit.
Jesse Brannan," a laborer, Is suing the
Pacific Coast Company for $20,000 dam
ages he. alleges ; he sustained while em
ployed'by the company last February: He
charges - that -through ; the '.neglect --of the
defendant a coal wagon fell off the eleva
tor, underneath . which he was working,
and. knocked him to the ground,, causing
paralysis of , his lower. limbs.*
Laborer Brings Damage Suit.
FIGHT DUEL WITH
BRICKS AND GUN
SAN MATEO, April 12.— Work was com
menced in this city to-day . on the con
struction of the electric railway that is
soon to connect San Mateo ; , with ' San
Francisco. When finished, the work will
complete the extension of the San"Fran
clsco and San Mateo Railway as far as
this point. . The line is already In opera
tion as far as South San Francisco, eight
miles north of here.
Extending the San Mateo Line.
STOCKTON, April 12.-From Lockeford,
a little town sixteen miles east of this
city, comes the story of. an old hen that
is "mothering" a litter of kittens. The
curious family is the property of J. ' L.*
Smith. The old hen abandoned a nest of
egrgu that were nearing the 'close of in
cubation and took up with the kittens,
which were borrr"in the straw -only a few
feet from where she had her nest. She
clucks to them and does her best to pro
vide them with food.
Hen Takes Charge of Kittens.
RAN JOSE, April 12.— The blossom fete,
which has been in progress for the past
vreek, ended to-day with a trip to Mount
Hamilton and Lick Observatory. While
the attendance was not as large as was
expected, the festival has been a success.
In the five days it has been in progress
m.iny thousands of visitors have been
attracted to Santa Clara Valley, and have
viewed its gTeat fruit groves. The hotels
have been crowded. The Santa Clara Val
ley Improvement Club, under whose aus
pices the fete was held, Is pleased with
results, and from this time .on.: the blos
com carnival^will be an annual affair.
End of the Blossom Fete.
SACRAMENTO, April 10.— The ' swamp
land owners, trustees of reclamation dis
tricts and others interested In the sub
ject of river improvement and drainage,
will meet in this city on Tuesday, May 6,
at Pioneer Hall en Seventh street, be
tween J and K. Action will be taken
toward .securing-, as far as possible, a uni
form system of reclamation, so that each
part may fit into the other, and obtaining
in addition to the money supplied by
private owners, such aid from the county.
State and Federal Governments as may
be practicable, either by doing particular
portions of the work, or assisting finan
cially in the general plan of improvement.
Swamp Land Owners to Meet-
OAKLAND. 'April 12.— School Census
Marshal Brown and his eleven assistants
will begin taking the census Monday. As
each child means $13 to the School Depart
ment from the State's strong box, the
census takers will be extra careful.
Prepare to Count Children.
Eden Faces Forty-Five Years.
OAKLAND, April 12.— William JSden
faces forty-five years' imprisonment in
San Quentln penitentiary. The Supreme
Court - confirmed • the decision of ' the Su
perior Court in his case in a decision that
was handed down yesterday." Eden was
the '¦ chief of a gang of West Oakland
roughs who assaulted Martha McGraw
two years ago.
OAKLAND, April 12.— Marriage licenses
were issued to-day to the following:
James W. Daggett. aged 31 years, and
Phennie Hatch. 21. both of Oakland; An
tonio Vargas, 44, and Constancia A. Wil
liams, both of Oakland; Louis Pelz, 41.
San Francisco, and Maude E. Jacobus, sa,
Niles; Darius Adum' McMillan,. 27, and
Minnie Heffner, 19, both ot Oakland;
Manuel Schwartz, 21, and Nettle Ambrog.
18, both of Oakland; Ernest C. Bronner,
29, Alturas, and Grace Morgan French, 23,
Oakland. : : ~i2a5S3
Secure Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND, April 12.— Delegates repre
senting the soldier . organizations of I the
county met last night in Loring Hall to
plan for a Memorial day celebration. It
was decided to have a parade, a pro
gramme and an oration. J. A. Colquhoun,
11. H. Kirby, G. C. Clarge. Miss Rohr,
Miss Cannon. F. - W. Cushing, Dr.- Mon
to-ux. W. R-> Knight, Mrs. Billington, Mrs.
Cocper and J. H. Smith constitute the
committee In charge.
Planning for Memorial Day.
LOS ANGELES. April VL— About $10,000
is to be distributed by the general Gov
ernment among members of the Seventh
Regiment. National Guard of California,
of this city, who were affiliated with the
organization when it was called into ser
vice in the early days of the Spanish-
American war. There was a period of
eleven days when the officers and men
had not been mustered as United States
volunteers. Those who served at the time
are entitled to $2 a day for privates and
54 a day for commissioned officers. This
monnv has been forwarded from Wash
ington and will be paid through the aJ
jutant general's office in Sacramento.
Coin for the Seventh Regiment.
ERKELEY, April 12.— The Unl
)j versity of California was in gala
attire to-day, for ... the students
2J were holding a circus and shout
ing themselves hoarse in front of
side show tents. They were doing it "for
the sake of California"— for the sake of
the .track team, to specify, and that or
ganization of athletes will be benefited to
a sum reaching well into three . figures.
The students got the financial success
for which they had worked, and the good
natured," laughing crowd that left the
cinder path at the close of the perform
ance spoke something for- its artistic
side. - The audience had its circus spirit
along; it laughed and joked with the
clown's, strained its muscles In the,wrest
ling matches, held- its breath when the
acrobats and tumblers performed and
beat time to the college band. It munched
peanuts and scattered the shells over
handsome gowns with apparent abandon;
it ate popcorn and drank pink lemonade
and became part of the fun and action
going on in the oval below. ¦>
The day was ideal for an outdoor circus
and the venders of lemonade — "nice,
sweet 'goo,' ice cold"— reaped a harvest
of nickels as the result of the warmth.
At 3 o'clock the gates of the cinder path
were opened, but the circus did not com
mence until an hour later on account of
the baseball game on the neighboring
charge of the matron. Later . the child
was delivered to Mrs. Porter, superin
tendent of the Ladies' Colored Relief So
ciety, who will look aftes it. August
Lind and James Mikkelsen' will be de
tained ln,< "the tanks", pending the result
of the Coroner's inquest.
milted the shooting and said - that his
wife had angered him so that he lost his
head.-aaswgasogr^jitJBwmB
grammes and circus refreshments. The
performance, did not close until; 6:30
o'clock.
. Harry Hudson, the custodian of the
Stanford ax, exhibited it in a sideshow. A
wonderful campus bird, the only "peli
can"'in captivity, was shown by M. C.
Milton and J. A. Kempff. The "pelican"
proved a burlesque on the co-eds . of ma
ture years, perpetrated by a male person.
The giant ballet, made .up of men over
six feet in height, danced in another
side show. tent. • A troupe of Japanese
jugglers was one of the attractions in tho
side show line. % .
This morning two special cars took the
student performers through Berkeley,
Oakland and Alameda. " They left at 10
o'clock and went to Oakland • by way of
Lorln. On Washington street they desert
ed the cars and took the town. - Tall,
gaunt ballet, "girls," clowns of all sorts
and characters in all '- kinds . of costumes
flocked the streets and did some effectual
advertising. The same "stunt" was car
ried out in Alameda and the cars did not
return to Berkeley until 1:30 o'clock. The
cadet band accompanied the morning pro
cession.
Those in charge of the circus consist of
the following named:'.
; A: R. Traphagan -and Thomas Hanna,
general managers; J. W. Boothe, treas
urer; Miss N.'Wollenberg, secretary; Miss
AV. L. Osborne, refreshment manager; R.
A. Roos, sideshow manager; Max Ender
lein, costumer; W. A: E.:Wo6ds, adver
tising manager.- . •
diamond. As soon as this was finished
the crowd rushed to the track. and filled
the bleachers and the standing room.. ¦
A parade . of the performers, preceded
by the college band, opened the perform
ance. Then followed the events. ¦ ¦ ¦
James Rhodes, instructor, in the Univer
sity of California gymnasium, was thrown
In a wrestling bout by P. T. Carrol -«f the
Reliance Club. In the second turn Rhodes
won. "E. Smith and Capeless of the Reli
ance Club gave a clever sparring exhibi
tion. Olson of the same club did a slack
wire turn which showed remarkable abil
ity. The Rittler brothers of the Olym
pic Club in their tumbling specialty were
one of the main features of the circus.
George Schlltter, an Olympic . Club man,
performed on the Roman rings, and sev
eral other club athletes helped >to enter"
tain. \~: - * . A
C. C. Reisslg, the sophomore who chal
lenged F. F. Bush, a freshman, to a
wrestling. match,: was thrown twice after
hard struggles. G. C. Wright, a sopho
more, threw G. J. Anloff, a freshman, in
a catch-as-catch-canmatch. Eight sopho
mores outpulled a like number of fresh
men in a^tug-of-war. _•'.-¦
A mile relay race among High School
athletes was easily won by Oakland, with
Alameda second, and Polytechnic third.
Juggling, tumbling and fencing completed
the programme. ," .*'.¦>...»'-,. - . ,
Throughout the performance the clowns
kept the audience in. high humor. When
not cutting ' antics they ¦ were passing
among the crov/d . selling posters and pro-
Death Calls an Old Resident.
OAKLAND. April 12.— Death called Mrs.
Bridget Lynch, an old resident of Oak
land, to-day after a .long illness. Shfi
came to Oakland when the city contained
only a few houses.' She. leaves a son, who
is Policeman Frank Lynch, and a daugh
ter, Miss Bessie Lynch. The; funeral will
be held Monday at 9:30 o'clock from the
Church of the Immaculate Conception
after short services are held at the* late
home, 721 Filbert street.
ALAMEDA, April 12.— The engine pull
ing the narrow-gauge train from. Park
street station toward the -mole at 10:10"
o'clock this morning was derailed near
the oil -works and travel was delayed for
some time. The front trucks of the loco
motive left the rails and bumped over tho •
ties for nearly a hundred yards before
the train was stopped.
Through Alameda.
Track and-Delays Travel
Narrow-Gauge Locomotive Jumps the
SNGIJTE BIDES A HUNDRED
YAEDS OVEB THE TIES
SOME OF THE FEATURES AND INCIDENTS OF THE "GREATEST SHOW. ON EARTH," WHICH WAS GIVEN
BY .THE STUDENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA YESTERDAY AFTERNOON ON BERKELEY
CAMPUS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE TRACK THAM. . .
LONDON, April 12.— The. chief attrac
tion of the Automobile Club's show next
week will be King Edward's new auto
car, made by an English . firm. It is of
22-horsepower and is pronounced to be an
elaborate triumph of advanced automo
bilism. In connection with tho King's
fondness for automobiles, it is interesting
to note that the Hon. Douglass Scott-Mon
tague, who recently has been driving the
King around the country, has been sum
moned to appear before the Hampshire
magistrates on the • charge of furious
driving. ¦ . . ' . .
King's Auto-Driver in Trouble!
OXNARD, April 12. — It Is estimated that
fully 17,000 acres of beets have been planted,
¦which will leave' scarcely rnor«j than 1000 acre3
to be planted. Of these 17.000 acres 6000
acre* are already up and growing as fast as
bteth can grow. •
PORTLAND, Or., April 12. — The British ship
Flngal has been chartered by . the Portland
(train Company to load wheat on Puget Sound
at 24* 3d. This is the lowest rate paid for a
Failing vessel' out of a North Pacific port
since 1897. '
PARIS. April 12. — The revenue returns for
the month of March show the receipts to have
been 205.131.700 francs, which is 3.1CS.200
francs below the estimate, but 4,441.700 francs
above the receipts for the corresponding period
of 1901.
VANCOUVER. B. C. April 12. — A special
from Ottawa says that the Dominion Govern
ment will Introduce, a bill at this session.giv
ing three Judges to the Yukon territory instead
of two, as at present." '¦'•¦•' ¦ ;"•.'.'•"'
VICTORIA. B. C. April 12.— The body of
James Applewhite, a lineman, was found at
the foct of an electric light pole this evening.
Whether he was killed by a shock or lost his
hold and fell cannot be ascertained.
¦WASHINGTON. April 12. — President Roose
velt to-day signed the bill repealing the war
revenue taxes. The pen with which the bill
was signed was presented to Representative
Bartholdt of Missouri.
NEW YORK. April 12.— Henry L. "Wilson,
I T nlted States Minister to Chili, was among
the passengers on the steamship Philadelphia,
which arrived from Southampton to-day.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
OAKLAND, April 12.— Suit was begun
to-day by Thomas £>. Carneal against L.
C. Morehouse to quiet title to what 13
known as the Oregon block, northeast
corner of Thirteenth street and Broad
way.
The disputed title is. owned In equal
shares by the two litigants and tho suit
is said to have been brought in the inter
ests of rival ¦ banking institutions, the
Union Savings Bank and the First Na«
tianal Bank, both of which axe credited
with a desire to secure this corner and
move up town. The Idea of this suit 13
to force a sale of the Individed interests
in the property so that one or the other
of these institutions may secure the site.
divided Interests* in Oregon
Block.
Suit Is Brought to Eorce Sale of Un-
TWO BANXS STRUGGLING
FOR A VALUABLE SITE
serious conditions that have' ever con
fronted the lumber and shingle manufac
turers of the Pacific Northwest is before
them nos£ . It is the prospective with
drawal from business in th*s region of the
liability Insurance companies, which j
would force the • manufacturers to carry!
their own liability risks. This the mill- |
men cannot do, the Pacific Lumber Trade ;
Journal ¦will say In its April Issue, and ¦
there is, therefore, considerably more
than a possibility that at least the large
mills will be forced to suspend operations
indefinitely.
The cause of this critical situation is the
effect of the decisions recently made in
the courts, which make it apparently easy
for the victim of a trivial accident, no
matter whether the result of his own
carelessness or not, to obtain heavy Judg
ments against the company employing
him. As these judgments are upheld by
the Supreme Court of the State the manu
facturers have no recourse, except what
they get from the liability Insurance com
panies, which, for stated premiums, have
been taking such risks off the "hands of
employers, fighting- the suits In the courts
and settling the judgments. If these in T
surance companies withdraw, as they un
doubtedly will -within the next two
months, unless there should be a decided
Change in the apparent disposition of the
courts, it would force the mill men to
fight their own legal battles and pay their
own judgments.
SEATTLE, April 12.— One of the most
May Accept No More Bisks From
Lumber Mills of the Pacific
Uorthwest.
LIABILITY COMPANIES
THREATEN TO RETHRT2
The steamer Colombia, which sailed Friday
for Valparaiso and way ports, carried a gen
eral cargo valued at $30,256, manifested and
dtstined as follows: For Mexico. $3528: Cen
tral America, $24,952; Panama, $23S2; Ecuador.
*2030: Peru. $11,231: Chile. $1765; Port^- or
Spain.. $809; England, $1499. The following
were the principal exports: ¦' ,
To Mexico — 50S6 lbs sugar, .454 gals wine,
360 lbs raisins, 6 pkgs agricultural Implements,
738 lbs bread. 161 lbs butter, 22,500 lbs biue
rtone, 302 lbs cheese. 10 cs canned goode. 10
tons coal. 475 lbs dried fruit, 1 cs drugs. 3
pkgs'' groceries and provisions, 38 pkgs hard
ware. 13S lbs ham and bacon. 4508 ft lumber.
177 lbs millstuffs. 187 pkgs mlUwork, 4 pkga
machinery. 42 crs potatoes, 16 pkgs paste. 50
bdls 100 pes pipe, 16 pkgs painta and oils. 31
bdls' steel and iron, 274 lbs spices, 11 pkgs
ship chandlery. 400 lbs sago, 160 bdls snooks,
11 pkgs wrecking gear.
To Central America — 4130 .bbls flour. 0097
lbs bran, 5 bbls beer, 335 lbs beans and. peas,
%9« lbs bread. 203 ctls barley,- 3 tons coa». 358
lbs cheese, 92 cs canned goods. 8 pkg« dry
goods. .753 lbs dried fruit. 22 pkgs groceries
find provisions, 600 lbs lard. 3 bales leather.
247 lbs ham and bacon, . 7 . crs onions, 7*1 crs
potatoes, 33 pkgs paints and oils, 3G cs paper,
800 lbs potash, 070 lbs raisins, 29,375 lbs rice.
23 cs canned salmon. 650 lbs soda. 136 lbs 1
pkg sago, 360 lbs tea, 56,673 lbs tallow, C ca
1.101 gals wine, 1G cs whisky.
To Panama — 115 cs canned . goods, 950 lbs
sugar, 348 lbs dried fruit, 1 cs canned salmon,
100 cs soap. 5 pkgs groceries, 200 lbs semi, 5
bales brooms. 1320 lbs codfish, 451 pkgs shocks,
12,500 lbs rice, 3200 lbs bread, C bales Lags,
30.120 ft lumber.
To Ecuador — 638 bbls flour.
To Peru — 2215 bbls flour, 118 pkgs machin
ery, 40 cs canned goods, .'23 gals wine, 10
bdls bamboo, 3000 redwood ties.
To Chile— 500 bbls flour, 1000 IBs laid. 1
pk«r machinery, 6 pes pipe.
. To Pc/rt of Spain — 200 cs canned salmon, 25
cs canned fruit.
1 To England — 100 redwood ties, 0 pkgs house
hold zoods.
The Colombia's Cargo.
The unfortunate young woman has been
living In a Main street rooming-house and
hers Is a pathetic story. ,
Realizing that she could not give her
fatherless babe the care it should ¦ have,
and hoping to save it in later life from a
knowledge of her mistake, she concluded
to abandon it. Accordingly she took the
baby to the Colonial yard and stood in
the shade of a tree, anxiously awaiting
developments. Seeing the child was taken
in she departed. .
The woman's} confession renders her
liable to punishment. The case will be
referred to the Grand Jury.
STOCKTON, April 12.— The boarders of
the Colonial, a fashionable private ho
tel, found a baby in the dooryard on
Tuesday evening. The infant was lightly
clad, but had a strong pair of lungs. It
became a favorite and a good home was
provided for the blue-eyed waif. The of
ficers did not let the case < rest at that,
hx.-wever. and to-day they obtained a con
fession from a woman, said to be a Miss
Masters, to the effect that she was the
mother of the child.
Officials Later Discover Its
Mother.
Boarders Care for the Waif and the
FIND A BABE IN" YAED
OF FASHIONABLE HOTEL
She was first taken to the home of Mrs.
Norris, at 268 Eleventh street, but sha be
came so unmanageable that Mrs. Norris
was forced to relinquish her to the Chris
tian Scientists, at 644 Mcrrimac streetV
This was in February, but Miss Crosby: s
condition continued to decline. She be
came so violent to-day that sh9 attacked
ons of the attendants. She told Judge
Ogden all about her prospects in marriage
and soon convinced him that she ought
to be sent to Stockton. Hence he com
mitted her to that Institution. .
OAKLAND, April 12.— Miss Ruth Cros
by, a handsome young woman of 28 years,
whose home is in Des Moines, Iowa, was
the subject of an examination this morn-
Ing in Judge Ogden's court. She was sent
to California by her brother in 'the hop© '
that the change of climate would dissi
pate the insane malad, th?X seized her in
her Eastern home.
Ruth' Crosby Entertained Hops That
California Climate Would Im
prove Her Health.
PRETTY GIBL FROM EAST
ASSAULTS HER CUSTODIAN
In his first decision Judge Ocden al
lowed the County Assessor .ilOO /or the
preparation of these rolls, upon.^. show
ing by Mr. Dalton that work represent
ing this amount of money had been' done
by his deputies outside of the regular of
nce time. Judge Ogden held definitely
that the County Assessor was not en
titled to any fees -whatever, and that he
could only retain from the amount paid
by the city of Oakland for the work ex
actly the value of the work that was done
outside of the office hours of the deputies.
After he looked into the case a little
more he decided that the Assessor was
not entitled to as much as he had allowed
him. and so reopened the case to-day. He
then reduced the allowance from $2100 to
S1335 33. Mr. Dalton made a plea that he
had already paid his deputies $325 out of
what he supposed would be his commis
sion, but Judge Ogden held that this could
not be considered, because, the work was
done in regular office hours, for which the
deputies were paid in full by the county,
and any fees earned by them In this time
belonged to the county.
Acting under Judge Ogden 1 s decision
Mr. Dalton paid into the county treasury
J5G00, and he will now have to add $SO0
mere to this amount. That portion of this
amount which represents the commis
sions on poll taxes was paid under pro
test. Mr. Dalton will contest Judge Og
den's decision upon the poll tax commis
sions and will take it to the Supreme
Court, but will abide by his decision in the
matter of fees from the city of Oakland.
He holds that the portion of the county
government act which relates to Alameda
County is worded differently from that
relating to other counties, and that while
Assessor Dodge of San Francisco is not
entitled to these fees, he is.
This position of Mr. Dalton Is based
upon the fact that the section of the
county government act relating to Ala
meda County was originally drawn so as
to allow him these fees. It was afterward
decided to change the act. allow him more
deputies and remove the fees. To this
end" the word ."not" was inserted in all
the sections referring to the fees, but in
the last section this was omitted through
oversight, and Mr. Dalton claims that
this section being read last was adopted
last and therefore nullifies the rest of the
act in vrhich "not" appears.
Judge Ogden reopened the case to-day^
of the county of Al&xneda against County
Assessor Henry P. Dalton. took a litUe
more testimony upon the cost of getting
up the duplicate assessment rolls for the
city of Oakland, and then ordered Mr.
Dalton to pay about JoOO more into the
county treasury.
-:..•¦:¦ : ¦:-¦•.¦:•¦¦ *
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. April 12.
It is believed there is some mystery
back of the suicide and that the name ho
has given was assumed. The body will
be held some days in the hope that it
may be Identified.
Harlan.' If such was his name, wa3" a
fine looking man. He was about 33 years
of age and had the appearance of a busi
ness man. His hands show that he had
never done any hard work. His hair was
brown and he had a sandy mustache His
weight was about 165 pounds and' he Teas
5 feet 8 inches tall.
A dress suit case left at the hotel was
opened, but there was not a scrap In It
to lead to the suicide's identity. On the
case were the letters "A. J. H." in lead
pencil, but these may have been written
just before his death.
At the hotel the man registered as
Arnold J. Harlan of New York. He oc
cupied a room on Thursday night,, but,
8 side. from registering and depositing his
money, he gave no information as to him
self. ' "tt
. The only clew that has been found Is
a wrapper of the Union Savings Bank of
Oakland, around the $230 he had deposited
with the proprietor of the St. James Ho
tel, when he registered there. Thi3 money
consisted of forty $5 bills and five 510 bills.
In the note to the Coroner he asked that
this money be used to give him a decent
burial.
SAN JOSE, April 12.— That Arnold J.
Harlan, the man who committed suicide
in Oak Hill Cemetery yesterday by shoot
ing, intended to leave no clew to hia
Identity is evident. He had dressed him
self in new clothing in order that there
would be no telltale laundry marks, and
the name of the maker of the clothing
had been removed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thanks chiefly to the arrival of a num
ber of Americans the price of seats for
the coronation rose by leaps and bounds
this week until to-day a" lively gamble Is
going on. The extent of this can be gath
ered from the fact that early in the week
two Americans paid £200 for three small
windows on the Strand and resold' them
for £600. In Piccadilly thre bay windows
have gone to an American * purchaser for
3* guineas each. For a corner bay win
dow in the same locality £1000 was asked.
These prices are so excessive that there
Is bound . to be a slump later, but while
the boom-lasts speculators are reaping a
rich harvest. ¦ • ;
person. . - • ' • ' *
This alarmingly small allowance has
caused several Dowagers to say that they
will not attend the coronation, for with
the long wait and the heated weather, to
say noihing of the weight of the thick
velvet robes and the coronets, the Abbey
service would be altogether too trying for
middle-aged women, most of whom are
not accustomed to such strains.
The latest device for celebrating the
coronation is an energetic agitation for
lights and bonfires from John O' Groat s to
Land's End. These beacons of rejoicing
will probably be established on a scale
never before attempted in England.
King Edward has expressed very clearly
his wish that money expended in cele
brating his coronation should be devoted
to charitable and philanthropic objects
rather than to mere ostentatious display.
Being informed that Greenwich purposed
commemorating the coronation by raising
funds for a permanent enlargement of the
local hospital, the King informed the bor
ough, through Sir Francis Knollys, the
private secretary of his Majesty, that he
was greatly pleased with the spirit dis
played and that the local charities were
much the best objects for celebration ex
pendltures throughout the kingdom. The
royal wish is likely to have a widespread
result and benefit numberless institutions.
LONDON, April 12.— Westminster Abbey
is rapidly being turned into a lumber
yard. . Hundreds of loads of lumber were
discharged at the stately entrances this
week and taken in by the busy carpen
ters '¦ who are erecting stands and other
wise preparing for the coronation of Kins
Edward. ,f -**
How packed the Abbey is likely to be
can be judged by the fact that only six
teen inches of space are set aside for each
Now, Mr. Donohue ! must answer the
questions or take a chance on going to
jail. He will be found guilty if he does
not answer, and then his attorneys will
get him out on habeas corpus and take
the question right up to the Supreme
Court. Next Friday was set as the day
when Donohue will be asked the question
which he refuses to answer.
The question was left in abeyance until
to-day so that Judge Hall could stuay it
up. Attorneys Webb. Chapman and Creed
argued that his are only ministerial pow
ers and Attorney Bosley argued against
them. At the end of an etxended exposi
tion of authorities Judge Hall decided
that a Judge in his individual capacity as
well as the court has power to punish
.refusals to obey his mandates.
Donohue refused to x>bey the summons
to have his deposition taken before Su
perior Judge Hall two weeks ago on the
ground that the court loses its judicial
powers when it sits to take a -deposition,
and his attorneys succeeded in raising a
doubt in the court's mind as to its
powers.
The Supreme Court has already decided
that a notary public has merely minis
terial and not judicial powers, which is
equivalent to denying him the power to
enforce questions or punish for contempt.
This decision was successfully invoked in
the Collins-Enquirer suit, when Editor
G. B. Daniels refused to answer the ques
tions of the Court Commissioner.
Mr. Donohue Is going to make a martyr
of himself in order to help the lawyers
make a test of the laws of the State in
regard to depositions. The powers of
Judges and Justices, Court Commission
ers and notaries are very indefinite touch
ing this subject and the question is about
to undergo the scrutiny of the Supreme
Court, so that some sound definition may
be had.
Hts refusal to answer the questions that
are put to him at a deposition taking may
land Peter B. Donohue, who is suing M.
J. Laymance and others for an account-
Ing of the stock of the California Stand
ard and Giant oil companies, in the
County Jail for a period on account of
contempt. ' -_
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. April 12.
Judge Ogden Reopens the Fee
Case and Files a New
Judgment
King Edward Advises Ex
penditure for Charitable
Objects.
Supreme Court Is to Decide
Whether Judges Lose
r Prerogative.
closed in an Oakland
Bank Wrapper.
Money He Deposited Is En-
Peter B. Donohue Will
Test Court's Power
to Punish.
Seats in Westminster
Will Be Alarmingly
Narrow.
Eight Hundred.
County Assessor Dalton
Ordered to Give Up
San Jose Suicide Leaves
but .Slight/ Clew to
His Identity.
DOWAGERS MAY
STAY AT HOME
SEEKS OBLIVION
IN THE GRAVE
MUST PAY BACK
SOME MORE FEES
Throrig Contributes Gold Amounting! Well Into Three Figures
to ..:; Assist Athletes , Who :Will ; Uphold Name
Students Hold Circus on Cinder PatRl and Good Natured, Shouting
WITHIN RI NG A N D SI DE SHO W MEN
OF UNI VE RSITY ACT TO AID TEAM
MAY GO TO JAIL
IF HE DECLINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
31
nCimre. . Afflicted flee
• - ¦ ¦ ¦ . '
Quickly and Permanently
y^ "*^v Oldest, largest and best
/\^g«s§gj^ equipped Medical Institute and
Aj^^^^^^^^^X most extensive practice. Found-
/ lllllF' *? \ ec * I^ 1 - Consultation free at
y v^ 1i^^f ' ' We, have become famous by
••[**& '''~'' ¦'*tk$*~'- curing the following ailments:
V A VnwiljilfSp' / Nervous Debility Premature Decay
' \ <!^v v L^^^^>/ Special Diseases Stricture, Rupture
N^V^x, \^ws Blood Poison Varicocele, Tumors
' -¦ vsV:- - -:- < *\jX'_[!/- i Kidney and . Diseases of the
-^^ ¦>^^ Bladder Disease ;"¦ Heart and Lungs
P«v Whpn r«irr»rl DR - MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit
ray ¥¥IIGI1 V/UfLU , tne price of a cure in any bank In San Francisco,
to be paid after he is entirely well. If it is not convenient to do this payments
' may be made . monthly.
HOMh CUR ES— FREE BOOK, t
¦ ' .- We can cure you at home! Although it is preferable to see the patient In
many- instances, it is . not always ; necessary. If you cannot call, write for pri-
vate 'book," diagnosis sheet,' free advice, prices and other particulars. Corre-.
spondence solicited. ¦ All letters confidential.
/ 31 i'l^rKei DUCCL f^l "£ Sundar^toll.
, ; .'--t^-. ¦ .- . -« - -t ..' IN IK AIM. L _;¦ ¦¦ < .> _' _•
SAN FRATiCiaCO. EVenlngra — 7 to 3.At the 1 last held meeting of ,¦ Norma
Lodge of. the j Ancient ' Order of ; Druids
the following named .were ; elected : officers
for : the. ensuing term, after an; exciting
THe Druids.
The ofHcers of the San Francisco He-
Sf*^' 1^, 11^ Soc l et y w111 the first tirn^
U 1, w? l8 VEE Of the soc iety be Installed
ln » .2S, b US- *- T " e ceremony will take plaoa
?i^ 2^ int A V tre^ at half past 7 o'clock
to-night. After the ceremony the Hebrew
Opera Company of New York will make
Its first appearance for. charity
Hebrew Helief Society.
, 'Saxon and -; 'Norraa- lodges of - the
, Knights j of # Honor : have appointed com
mittees .to\ have*. a* Joint . open' meeting
some time -in May for the entertainment
of '• the members of , the ! two lodges, ¦ their
relatives and lady and gentlemen friends.
At; the ; next meeting of the comnaittee.
the ; date and the : programme .will ' be an
nounceu. .
Knights of Honor.
: .The- fifth annual and
dance 1 given; in Golden ; : Gate Hall on* the
10th inst.' by/ Pprtola, Council. ; Y. -Mil
was =: attended by ; a -very .large - number
.of i people, .who . were ¦ entertained with a.
programme that ,; included ; the - following
numbers: I Introductory remarks; by Pres
ident- YvV. vH.-; Murphy ; t barytone - solo ' B :
Lycett; " r fancy itoe ¦ dancing, :~ Irene Silva"
cornet 'solo. *MIss . Nellie Ahkmann, ac
companied • byj Miss" Agnes Ahkmann, 'and
a one-act farce, entitled "A Pair of Luna-
Por $ola Council, -Y. M. I.
Al new tribe called' Kaskaka t was insti
tuted '- at "Florin, ; Sacramento '- County ,* by
Past.Great Sachem E.B. Wilson.' A team
from ;{Winnebago ; Tribe * conferred • th,e ; de
grees/. -There were ?abbut';forty visitors
present. , .'.'.;..•.., . ,. : , . ¦/ .. . j ,-..-;-.•.
¦The great t chief \ of records (will shortly
make ' a ( . trip down south, 'going i to ¦ Los
•Angeles, Colton, North Ontario and ¦ Han-
-. A team- from Pocahontas 5 Tribe .visited
the , tribe at Pinole and ¦ conferred the de
grees on twenty; palefaces, Increasing th9
membership to seventy-four., --A large del*
egatlon; from Crockett ¦ was • present; -
G..H. Bodle of Montezunia. Tribe, a resi
dent ! at ¦ present; of . : Hanf ord, is assisting
Deputy G. F.*; Street in^ organizing a new
tribe at 'that; place.>f . : " ¦'¦ '¦ '¦¦ ¦¦'¦ >>'¦'• 'V s :' ' - :
.4 Past; Sachem Hirsch of ;, Navajo '.Tribe
was < in >this .city last week, and. procured
a set 'of tomahawks to,- present to the
tribe.: :>-'...:¦ ;. ; . ¦ /; . .; ;,', : .. ........... .. -.¦:-,>;¦.
; On \the-26th_ of;April Navajo .Tribe of
Santa: Claras will 'celebrate * its first " anni
versary by .the of thrity r pale
faces."' Teams . from ; Pocahontas Tribe ¦ of
this : city) will < L confer .the warrior ' and
chief's i degree. .The , great chiefs \ will ' be
in attendance. ? • i ; ¦-•
Improved Order ' of Bed Men*
Grand Keeper "of .Records and Seal H.~
Schaffner has just from a visit
to the.lodges in Eureka, .Arcata, , Fern
dale and Fortuna.r- He also inspected and
mustered the : companies of the Uniform
Rank ' at Eureka and , Ferndale. "
On April 22 OeneralArndt will insti
tute a new company of the Uniform Rank
in* this city.- Another company is to be
instituted : at Exeter.
A; new. lodge of the order will -be in
stituted at Qrovtlle on the night of the
29th inst. ' "
On the 15th of April Dirigo Lodge will
confer the knight. rank on a class of ell
gibles in its lodgeroom in Oakland.
Grand Chancellor Calkins is visiting
the lodges ,ln the . district known as
the Southern Mines, i
Knights of Pythias.
| Thla council will give an "entertainment
and; dance on a grand ?scale m Native
Sons' ,< Hall; on, the night ; of the { 19th inst ,
such as has never. been before given by
any .of the subordinates of ¦; this order in
this '; city. .V The committee, of which G
Llttle.'is the 'chairman,- has- prepared a
programme of unusual excellence, and the
dance programme will an "up to date
one." Miss • Ruby . J.^ Hamburger has I been
chosen ? to. lead the. grand march,, which
has been scheduled for 10 o'clock ¦¦ ¦¦
.^California' Council of thel^Daughters of
Liberty of this city, on the evening- of the
9th. had a hot) in the lodge. room in Shiels
building for its members, and It prpved to
be a. very enjoyable affair. It was under
the";.- direction of -"Sophie Putz;'. Emylie
Freese.VJosie Nagle,' Grace* Walsh and C
Johnson. - - • ' : ... - .
Daughters "of Liberty.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Fred Begerow. the Alviao constable
who killed Joseph Cech and August Ber
ger at the brewers* picnic in San Jose in
July, 19C0, must again stand trial for mur
der.
Begerow has been on trial five times for
the deed, and each time the jury has dis
agreed. After the last trial, which oc
curred in April, of last year, the defend
ant wa3 kept in jail without steps being
taken by the prosecution, longer than the
time allowed by law. The Supreme Court
ordered, his release. The moment that
he was treed the authorities rearrested
him. and since that time he has been in
confinement at San Jose.
He petitioned the , Supreme Court for
another writ of habeas corpus on the
ground that his release was a bar to all
future. prosecution. The court holds that
his rearreat was legal and that he may
be tried again.
"EX-CONSTABLE BEGEROW
_ MUST BE TBIED AGAIN
Supreme Court Holds That His'Bs
• lease Was No Bar to Further
• . Prosecution.
ties," presented by Miss Lillian M. Quinn
and Frank P. Scully. This was followed
by a 'programme of dances of twelve
numbers,' under .'the . direction of W. H.
Murphy as floor > manager, with George
F. McGrath and John Rellly as assist
ants. • : ¦" ¦" "¦' ¦'¦' : ¦ ¦ ¦ - • -
Woodmen of tl;e World.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen cf
the World on the- night of the .7th . inst.
expected to initiate thirty-six strangers,
but eight more presented themselves, so
the forty-two were admitted in full ritu
alistic form with the assistance of Golden
Gate's,, very proficient drill team. One
of the 'initiates was Judge Percy V. Long,
exalted- ruler of San Francisco Lodge of
the Elks. . : .
The same night j California Camp, after
¦jLast .week Bournemouth Circle paid a
fraternal visit .tor Sherwood Circle, On
th3?3d inst: ; Grand i Sub Chief Companion
Mrs." Boehm paid a. visit to, Knarsborouph
Qircle, -• and on-the -10th she visited Pride
of the Forest Circle. V - .
"^Sherwood Circle had a pleasing social in
the social hall of the "Foresters' buildln"
on the evening of the* 12th inst. ¦ " -
Bohemian Circle on the evening of its
last held meeting was visited by Grand
Chief Companion Mrs.; Miller. Three ap
pjicatlons for admission > into the circle
were received. - ; ' . .." -'- ¦:.¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦ . :
Loyal Circle, the' up to date circle of the
Companions of. the Forest, A. O. F., re
ceived a fraternal visit from Washington
at jtsjlast held and the
occasion was made a ; most pleasant so
cial j one. v Thero was an impromptu | pro
gramme of music, vocal and Instrumental
and something .in, the literary line that
pleased :all.- ''-- • ¦ . .
Companions of the Forest.
Owing. to the fact that the Grand Lodge
of Odd Fellows will occupy, the 'Odd Fel
lows' Hall - on the : date set for the next
entertainment , of the Social • and Literary
Club it * has been ' decided to advance the
entertainment from the 14th Hnst. 1 to 'the
7th Sf May. • ,
Golden Gate Council at Its last held
meeting initiated three strangers in the
amplified form. This was performed ' by
the officers in such a satisfactory manner
that. during good of the order a Mr Han
son, a visitor,' member of one of the Chi
cago councils, declared that the. work had
been given in a most Impressive manner
and: that the officers were entitled to a
•deal of credit for their close adherence to.
the ritual. The quartet furnished several
numbers. At the next meeting of the
council: the San Francisco ¦ Cabinet, will
pay an official visit and. arrangements are
being made to make an,, eventful
night in the history of the council/ ' ~ -
The council ; in San . Jose is arranginc
for a public meeting, as is also the one 1 In
Sacramento. ' : ¦ :;;¦.;;>> , .>,:-„;>
¦El Capitan Council is arranging I for a
glorious time on the night of the '23d inst •
In the ; Shasta -Hall '. of Uhe r Native Sons'
building. An unusually interesting I pro
gramme will be offered for the entertain
ment of all who will be able to'crowd'into
the hall."-:- ¦ ¦ ; ; ; :.; ;v v ¦.'¦•'.¦¦> ' .• ;•; >¦*¦¦-¦. .-¦-•>•.¦'.•
The attendance .at the entertainment
and dance of the .National Union Social
and Literary Club in Odd Fellows' Hall
on the 9th inst. was larger by the time
that the first number was on than has
been known for many months, showing
that people are attracted to the place by
the excellence of the programme as well
as by dancing.. The programme arranged
by Messrs. Healey, KIdd, Bunting and
Hastings was successfully carried out and
proved very entertaining, and particularly
S'fi 1 r^ v f d wa s {the singing : of - Miss
Ltta O Brien. Those who had direct
supervision of the function were: Chair
man of the evening, A. A. Kingsford; re
ception committee — A. G. Page. H D Cor '
bett, J. E. Field, H. W. Maass! A V A
Baftz, H.: Miller Jr. and R. T. Onyon :
floor, manager, Carlos F. de Berna; W C
Anderson." H. Scheper, Joseph J. Liber-'
man, J. L. Morris, W. A. Galvin and
Arthur S. Nelson. ; " anu
The National Union.
The official visit of Grand Chief Com
panion Miss Alice Ticoulet to Oakland
Circle last week was a most pleasant one.
The visiting official was accompanied by
Grand Sub I Chief Companion : Mrs. H,
Worms, Grand Financial . Secretary. Mis3
Agnes D. Bremer, who is' deputy for the
circle, Grand Trustee Mrs, amithy r arid a
very large delegation from Martha Wash
ington' Circle ot this city, Sadi Carnot and
;Verbano Circle * of Oakland, Hamlet Cir
clo of Alameda and of Elmhurst Circle.
The of ticers conducted the business and
the ritualistic- work in- a very creditable
manner and were for this highly compli
mented. During the evening the grand
chief companion was j presented as a sou
venir of, tne visit a handsome statue of a
dancing ¦ girl. Miss Bremer, the deputy,
received a cut glass vase.and Miss Men
tel," who. acted, as volunteer, at the piano,
at air meetings, received a cut glass bowl
filled. with flowers. The work of the even
ing was followed by a. banquet.. \ •....-¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦
. Hamlet- Circle of Alameda' had a pleas
ant social' on the night of the -9th : ins t:
in Harmonie . Hall. / It was attended by
'almost the- entire membership of the cir'- 1
cle and a large number of the friends of
tho members, and as usual with functions
of this, the home circle of the grand finan
cial secretary, Miss Agnes , D. Bremer,* It
.was, a success. ' ¦ ¦ , ¦..-' .';' •'.-. »¦*->¦,",.
''Loreley Circle* the German circle of this
city, has arranged I for a grand \ souvenir
pa r ty ¦¦. in the . social ' hall of the t, Alcazar
building on the night of the 17th inst.
American Companions.
On the evening of the 4th inst the offi
cers of California Chapter of the Order
of the Eastern Star and a number of the
personal friends of Phineas Fanning Fer
guson, the worthy patron of the chapter,
•were his guests on a trolley ride. In or
der that there should not be any crowd
ing the Hermosa and another car were
provided and the two were taken over the
X*rincipal electric lines and then to the
Cliff House depot, where one of the recep
tion rooms of the railroad company was
turned over to the excursionists. There
the host further entertained those of the
party with a most excellent collation,
¦which included the daintiest of sand
¦wishes, salads, ice cream, light refresh-'
mcr.ts and cigars for those of the gentle
men who indulge in the weed and choice
candies for the ladies. After the good
thiiigs provided for by the generous Host
had been disposed of there was an in
formal programme of entertainment un
der direction of Past Patron John ,Ton
nlngsen, who nolens volens was made the
master of ceremonies. There were reel-
The Eastern Star.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will entertain
district deputy president of « the Califor
nia Assembly, Mrs. ; Floy C. i Urquhart,
and her staff of officers to-morrow night.
-,' A new lodge, called Zephyr, was insti
tuted last week' at East Yard with a
charter list of forty members. The in
stituting, officer was Mrs. Nellie 'Mitchell
president of the" California' Assembly.
The degrees were conferred by a team
from Amity Lodge of this city.- Another
Lodge was instituted at Brentwood by
District Deputy Mrs. Waldie. It has
been named Florence Knight. ¦ * : ;
A district meeting of Rebekah lodges
will be held in Stockton on the 7th of
May. .••-. / ,. .; -,- "' ..- s ¦¦:, y. . -
An effort is being made to have an ex
cursion (to the, Orphans' Home at Gilroy
the day. before the session of the Cali
fornia Assembly,, which is to meet on
the 13th of May. -
Minnie F. Dobbins, Gabriel Gresa and
Alice Hall have been selected as the rep
resentatives from Jubilee 'Lodge to the
California" Assembly.
The. Rebekahs.
The minstrel show given in Golden Gate
Hall pn the night of the 5th inst. in aid
of the Twentieth Century Club was a
decided success trom every point of view;
High Chtef' Ranger Boehm and Perma
nent Secretary Falconer paid a visit to
Court Alameaa last week, accompanied
by a picked team, on which occasion
there was an exemplitication of ¦ a new
degree that will be presented to the next
session "of the High , Court. . ' .
Court Apollo, at its last held meeting,
initiated eleven strangers. * :
Last week Court Fulton paid a fraternal
visit to Court Windsor In bonoma County.
Court Sherwood , Forest has arranged
for a partyvon the night of the luth inst.
The high chief • ranger will" visit - the
court in Stockton on the night of tne
17th inst. in the interest of the order. '
itae Picnic Association has arranged for
a party to/be given on the night* of the
2Cth Inst. y . ' ¦ .;•>
At the meeting of Court Prosperity of
the Ancient Order of Foresters on the 7th
inst.,' there was an unusually large at
tendance, as it was the night for taking
action on the adoption of by-laws. J.
Cameron was initiated as a member of
the court.' This subordinate, one of the
youngest in the order, is one of the most
progressive. The court will I be visited on
the night of the 21st inst., by the board
of deputies, which will initiate a class of
candidates for the court. A committee
has been appointed to arrange for a com
plimentary, entertainment and dance to
oe given by the officers* and members of
the court. -
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The A.' O. TJ. W. Eaglets tendered a
reception to their gentlemen friends of
the . Grand Lodge in .the V Grand Lodge
rooms in the Flood building on the 12th
inst. It was a pleasant reunion, which
closed with a delicate collation, : served
by the Eaglets. ¦.>.¦¦. \ , ' .
The names of the new deputies for the
various districts of. the State will be
shortly announced by the deputy grand
master. • , ¦. : .
The events of . the' coming week in the
Ancient Order of United Workmen in
this city will 'be the reception to be ten
dered on- the night of the 16th instr to
Supreme Master .-Workman Harwick at
the Metropolitan Temple and j the visit
on the night of the 15th to Mangels Hall
by the supreme master workman and the
grand officers, who will assist in the con
ferring of the degrees in the hall of Alta
Lodge on' Mayor E. E. Schmitz.
The San Francisco" extension committee
has been reorganized, with Deputy Grand
Master Workman Danforth as president
and Frank J. as secretary. All
lodges were represented. The committee
will continue the monthly socials in the
Odd Fellows' Hall.:-. •-
Ancient Order of Workmen.
A hugging match by Joe Storms of tho
Acme Club and Steve Baciarrie of Court
Acme next occupied the attention of those
assembled, after which John S. Paterson
of the committee that is arranging for
the monster initiation in this city ad
dressed the meeting. The members on mo
tion of Past Consul Commander Joseph
A. ,Wilson affixed their signatures to an
agreement to bring in a certain number of
members within sixty days. The number
promised is sixty-two. ] During an inter
m.ssion in the programme California's
well-known hospitality was made mani
fest by spreading a collation of the Al
order. The 'motto of this camp is
Watch us grow." Each person who at
tended was presented . a silver-plated
natchet as a souvenir of the occasion.
The entertainment and dance given b"
North End Camp on the 8th inst. was a
grand success and as a result thereof
eleven applications for membership were
received. J. S. Paterson, chairman of the
campaign committee, delivered a strong
address on the subject of the big initia
tion for the 21st of .June in Woodward's
Pavilion. He was followed by Organizer
A. J Weinert, who spoke for some tlm«
pn the good of the order and urged an
increase in. the membership of the camp.
On the night of the 11th ttiere was an
interesting entertainment in the hall of
Richmond Camp, in the Richmond DIs-
K. '^, the several numbers being given by
the Columbian Minstrels. . This was for
t" e benefit of the board of relief of the
Woodmen, of the World.
The Choppers'^ Friendship Club is now
Or^ e fi U 1 der , a T special dispensation un
fL wfn h St « of Jul y. when the initiation
fee will be increased from $2 50 the Dre>3
te - The Choppers' picnic'wUl be m
?r n ,?, rook Park on the 29th of June
Tvw° rn fi a £ ir v. cle of the Women of
qK^hS^m 1 have a jubilee meeting in
nteht ai^ > i£t tl « Ve . Son{ £ bul »ding on the
night of the 16th inst, when a yery inter
esting programme of entertainment win
meeti r ngf nted - ThlS ta to be an p5»
* — ' , .f.
admitting two strangers in the simplified
form, opened wide its doors and received
a number of strangers who had been In
vited to take part in the celebration of
the first anniversary of the camp. Prince
Laurance Vincent was the presiding
eenlus, .and under his direction the fun
was fast and furious. After a little rag
time music by Neighbor Keil and a vocal
Belection by Neighbor Ake Council Com
mander Dave Mayers read a number of
congratulatory telegrams i from notable
persons wishing the council success.
Among the number read were those bear-
Ing the name of President Roosevelt,
Governor Gage, Mayor Schmitz, Hea3
Ccnsul Falkenberg, Head Clerk Boak. and
other well known persons in and out of
the order. The consul commender fa
vored with a recitation, Neighbors Lelber
man and Lackenbach with specialties,
Miss Maude Darrow pleased the audience
with a vocal selection, and then,Trixeda
gave a fancy dance, followed by a con
tortion act.
LADY WHO WILL LEAD THE
GRAND MARCH AT DAUGH
TERS OK 1 LIBERTY BALL.
A new lodge of Free and Accepted Ma
sons was instituted at Richmond, Contra
Costa County, on the 12th inst. with ap
propriate ceremonies. The furniture, jew
els and other paraphernalia were donated
by Durant Lodge of Berkeley. The fol
lowing: ts the list of charter members:
Henry Ells, worshipful master," from Clay
No. 101, Dutch Flat; William Andrew Walker
senior warden, Martinez No. 41; John Mcln
tyre Morrison, jurior warden. Durant No. 2CS
Berkeley; John Murray, Munford River Lodge
No. 2, East Douglas. Mass; Richard Robert
Thornton, Morning Star No. C8, Stockton- Hans
Olson Bjournerud, Lebanon No. .'«; William
Oliver Shaw, Washington No. 5, Atchlson,
Kans. ; Fred Schoen. • Temple Lodge No. 237,
McCune, ' Kans. ; Palen Church, Woodland No.
156, Woodland; Willie Boydkin Lowmnn, Reno
No, 140, Hutchlnson, Kans.; : William Miles
Richards; -Aurora ' No. 59, Oregon; WInfleld
Stitt, Wigton No. 251, Hart. Mich.; Leander
Richard Jordan, Concord No. 117, Sacramento;
Robert Gillespie, Virginia No. 3, Nevada; Her
bert Williamson Smith, Mosaic No. '218, Cal
ifornia; Palmerston Cornick Campbell, Vaca- V
ville No. 134, California; Gerry Alton Follett,
Lakeview No. 71, Oregon. The first three men
tioned officers were appointed by the Grand
Lodge. The remaining officers ,are appointed
by the W. m. of the local lodge
New Masonic Lodge.
1 he addresses of the .several speakers
were of the f practical character, calcu
lated • enthuse the membership and
spur It on to renewed action for the ad
vancement of the order.
_Mr. Coates, songr, "Soldiers and a Man"- Mr.
Potter, songr, "The Picture No Artist Can
£alnt ; Mr. Dunn of Sacramento, address;
Emil Heldorn. zither solo; Mr.. Pope, address;
Mr. Luby, songr, "Old Times' Sake"; Mr. Tlm
mlns (violin) and Mr. Phalstrom (piano), se
n, ?. ns; Mr - Ge rrans, songs, "A Little Boy in
Blue and "Mr. Volunteer"; H. Dlgby John
™U* LL * D; - s P eech : Mr. Street, songs. "Love's
Old Sweet Song", and - ' VThe Midshlpmite."
bupper provided by the generous president was
then partaken of and the programme continued
with: William Watson (St. Andrew's Society),
speech; Mr. Williamson, songs, "The Soldiers
Si w Q ,V een " and " The Village Blacksmith" ;
Mr. Waiker, songs, "The Bloom Is on the
Kye and VAnswer.". Mr. -. Burrows recited
some verses appropriate to the remarks of Mr.
Vv atson. . ¦ . ~
,,The open meeting of Pickwick Lodge of
tne Sons of St. George on the'Tth lnst.
was attended by a very large number of
members and strangers who were enter
tained with the following programme,
that proved 'most entertaining: v
Sons of St. George.
On the night of the 24th Mrs. Clara A.
Giberson. the grand matron, will pay an
official visit to Oak Leaf Chapter. That
night is the thirtieth anniversary of the
Institution of the chapter.' The same
night District Deputy Mrs. Johnson will
pay a visit to Harmony Chapter.
King Solomon's Chapter No. 170, O. E.
S., spent one of the most enjoyable even
ings since its organization on Wednes
day evening, April 2, and the hall was
crowded with members and visitors from
other jurisdictions, who had heard of thi3
chapter's reputation for entertainment of
its, visitors. After the usual work in the
chapter, a fine musical and literary pro
gramme was rendered and light refresh
ments were served. This chapter will
give Its annual party on next Wednes
day evening at Franklin Hall, on which
occasion a comedietta, entitled "Six
Months Ago," will be rendered 'by mem
bers of the order. After the performance
dancing and refreshments will be in • or
der.
District Deputy Grand Matron Mrs.
Annie M. Johnson will pay a visit on the
14th inst. to Olive Branch Chapter.
Ivy Chapter, at its meeting on the 8th
inst.. initiated three candidates in excel
lent style in the presence of a large num
ber of the order. The music of the cere
mony was by the chapter's lady quartet.
After the meeting there was an ex
cellent collation served in the banquet
hall, at which there were no speeches.
The repast was followed by dancing. The
meetings of this chapter are becoming
very popular and are always largely at
tended.
Overture, "Bohemian Girl" (Balfe), Profes
sor W. Clarkson's Mandolin and Guitar Club;
mandolins — Miss Anna Cattermole, Miss Carrie
Piperling. Miss Lizzie Lagomarslno, Miss Mary
de Martini, MIeb Adele Heeder, Mrs. K. Hath
away, Miss Jeannette Robertson, Miss Minnie
Abell, Mis* Rosie Rosenblatt, Miss Ella Don
lin. Miss Rena Conley, Walter Needham. Isa
dore Goldstein. Emit Scheer, Henry Haake,
Emil Bose; guitars — Mrs. M. Merritt. Mrs. M.
Poole, Mrs. W. Clarkson, Mrs. Millie Bell, Ming
Amelia Bose, Miss Rae Goldstein, Miss Minnie
Pratt. Miss M. Hiramonte; soprano solo, "Tell
Me My Heart" (Bishop), : Mme. Celestlne Del
raara; lecture, "History of Woman in Free
masonry, Initiation of Maria Deralsmes ~ ani
Foundation of Human Right Lodge No. 1 of
Hen and Women Free Masons at Paris,
France," C. L. P.- Marais; violin solo, (a)
"Flower Song". (Godard), (b) "Intermezzo"
(Mascarni), William Parker Warren, accom
panist George Lermd; solo, "'Who Is Sylvia?"
(Schubert), Mrs. Evelyn Cardoza. pupil 'of
Mme. Delmara; selections. Mandolin Orchestra;
solo, "Summer" (Chaminade), Mme. Celestlne
Delmara, accompanist, George Lermd.
tations, stories and a few remarks by the
host, after which three times three were
given for the worthy patron of Califor
nia Chapter, the most progressive of all.
Then a return to the cars and a depar
ture for home, sweet home. An incident
before the starting was the action of
Chief of Police Wittman, who announced
to each of the members of the chapter
who did not appear at the appointed hour
that they were "fined chewing gum for
the crowd." Within ten minutes there
was enough gum at the starting point to
keep the company chewing for a month.
The Chief, who imposed the fines as ' a
jesh, had the tables nicely turned on him
by the host, who arrived five minutes
after the appointed time. As he appeared
the Chief told him that he was fined as
others were and he quietly drew from his
coat pocket two boxes of gum, remark
ing, "I thought' something of the kind
would happen, 'so I came prepared."
Mrs. Annie Marie Johnson, district dep
uty grand matron, was greeted by a very
large number of the members of .the or
der on the occasion of her visit to San
Francisco Chapter on the night of the 7th
inst. In order to convince the visiting
official that the officers are up in thn
manner of performing the initiatory work
six candidates^ for Eastern Star honor
were initiated in a way that called forth
the highest commendations "from Mrs.
Johnson and others. After the work of
the evening, during which Mrs. H. M.
Owens sang the many beautiful solos in
cidental to the ceremony with that effec
tiveness and spirit that as in the past
marked her vocal renditions, there was
presented to the visiting deputy. a beau
tiful Bohemian glass loving cup set in
a lattice work frame of silver to remind
her of the pleasant visit to San Francisco
Chapter. During the evening there were
interesting addresses by the" district dep
uty, by Mrs. Alice Frances HIckey, asso
ciate grand conductress. Grand Secretary
Mrs. Willats, Past Grand Patron George
L. Darling and Past Grand Patron John
H. Gray, the remarks of the last named
being particularly Interesting, as they al
ways are. This chapter will on the night
of the 29th inst. entertain its membeis
and friends with a musicale and lecture
when the following programme will be
carried out: ¦
, £ he , trustees of the home in Thermalito
it. V . st FrJ day for that place to make
their last inspection of the home prior to
A ™* eti ps ot the next Grand Lodge. »
Occidental Lodge has arranged for a"
theater^party at the Tivoli on the even-
Ing or the 15th inst. After the perform
ance all the members and the ladies who
accompany them will proceed to a down
town restaurant to partake of a collation,
lhe' affair is in charge of the following
named committee: Messrs. . McKibben.
Hoffman and Weimer.. Each member will
ti a k G t t0 hlm tW0 reserved " seat
; The San Francisco relief committee has
under consideration. a proposition t6 have
a bay excursion some time in June. -A
committee is looking into the advisability
of l arranging such ,. an excursion, which
will extend to Vallejo.
John R. Daly, a member of Ophir Lodge
and one of the directors of the Odd Fel
lows'; Hall Association, died in this city
last Wednesday.
¦ •_• Grand 'Master Nicholls ; has gone • to
Humboldt County to visit the lodges In
that- locality. . He will be, absent a week.
i« Porter Lodge of Oakland, at its ' last
held , meeting, conferred the first degree
on a^class of. fifteen in the presence of ¦
Grand Master Nicholls and other grand
officers.. - ;
The Odd- Fellows.
'-The Happy- Hooligan : character party
given by. < Pocahontas Council in "Shiels
building .on the 9th inst. was well attend
ed, and there were many in costumes of
the Hooligan type. 'There was a great
deal of sport for all the' participants and
a good programme '¦ of dances., The
mittee . in charge was M. . T. Alliman, A.
J. Keyser, F. Zanetti, M., Rivers, and H.
Gluck. v - ¦ _ . . .<_
ford to visit the tribes In . those localities.
/~~"*v N the evening of the 7th of
/\\V\ April Mrs. Baker, grand presi
fl \\ \\ dent of the Native Daughters
IV \\ y of the Golden West, paid an
\^-^y official visit to Minerva Parlor
No. 2. Thero were present a
large number of the members
of Buena Vista Parlor and members of
other parlors, also Mijs Keith, grand vice
president; Miss Frakes, grand secretary,
and Dr. Mariana Bertola, P. G. P. Sev
eral of the officers of the parlor were on
the sick list and their places had to be
fille'd by others. Despite this drawback,
those who filled the chairs performed the
work of initiation in a very creditable
manner, so creditable that the grand offi
cers complimented them for it. Under
good of tlie order Mrs. Baker, who had
given them a lecture on the duties of offi
cers in carrying out their special func
tions, delivered an Interesting talk on
what she called the ideal member of a
subordinate parlor. She was followed by
the grand vice president. Miss Keith,
•who, after a few words of compliment
to the officers, said that Minerva Parlor
Is one of the historic parlors of the or
der, being the first one organized in San
Francisco, one in which the membership
had always worked in peace and in har
mony, and in which the members were i
not afraid to stand up for truth, right and
justice as they understood it. She con
gratulated the parlor on having in its
membership "one of the noblest women
of the order, Past Grand President Mary
E. Tillman, who had always stood for the
right, who was absolutely incorruptible,
•who would 'swear to her own heart and
change it not,' whose word once given was
»ev«r recalled." The speaker then paid
a tribute to Mrs. Tillman' s steadfastness
of purpose in her determination to win
recognition for Lily O. Reichling as the
founder of the order of Native Daughters
©f the Golden West, that neither lure of
office nor hope of personal gain could
tempt her to desert a cause she felt was
right or true, that she had twice/gone
down in defeat in the Grand Parlor, be
cause she had allied herself to f what
eeefned to be the weaker side — the cause
of Lily O. Reichling— against those who
sought to take that honor from her. She
then congratulated the order that through
the efforts of Mrs. Tillman tardy justice
had been accorded to that lady by the
Grand Parlor giving her a life seat in that
body. Miss Frakes on being called spoke
a few pleasant words and thfen Dr. Ber
tola spoke at length upon conversational
¦usage among the Native Daughters, and
placed the seal of her approval upon "our
Vigorous English, pure and undefined."
On the night of the 8th inst. there was
a high jinks in the hall of La Vespero
Parlor and there were present a large
number of visitors, among the number
being Grand Vice President Keith, Past
Grand President Mrs. Conrad, who re
cently returned from her former home.
District Deputy Miss Annie Worth, Ag
nes Lunstedt, the organizer of the par
lor, President Shay of Minerva Parlor,
Miss Ryan and Miss McVery of the
beauty parlor. Miss Kerwan and others.
Before the entertainment there was work
and the officers were congratulated by the
grand vice president on their efficiency
and also congratulated the parlor on the
acquisition of a handsome American flag,
on its obedience; of the law in all things.
This, she declared, is the duty .of every
Native Daughter from the highest to the
lowest, none being exempt from its pro
visions. In speaking of the approaching
Grand Parlor session. Miss Keith made a
plea for free and open-handed hospitality
so characteristic of early Californians,
and was vigorous in opposition to what
she desigmated as "any form of entertain
ment that savors of the close corporation
order, but that if entertainment there be,
It should not be for a favored few, but
for all." Mrs. Conrad spoke enthusias
tically of the work of La Vespero, and
told of her visit to Sonora. where her par
lor, Dardanelle, accorded her a rousing
reception. She said that that parlor in
dorses the circular calling for historical
landmarks and the establishing of a
library of California works, and declared
that she will be the one to donate the
first book of it, a work on Tuolumne
County. The others named also addressed
the parlor, after which there was a
sumptuous collation and an impromptu
programme of entertainment.
The visit of Grand President Mrs. Ba
ker to Golden State Parlor No. 50 on the
2d of April was a most pleasant one. The
meeting place was most tastefully deco
rated; in fact, more beautifully than on
any official visit previously made this
term. The principal decoration was the
flower of the State, the golden poppy.
After the work of the evening Mrs. Ba
ker, in one of her eloquent addresses,
congratulated the parlor on the harmony
that prevails in it and congratulated the
officers for the manner in •which thev
conducted the parlor and ritualistic work.
President Miss L. Wedel. on behalf of
the parlor, presented to Mrs. Baker as a
reminder of the visit a handsome statu
ette of Spring and a bunch of beautiful
roses, after which Past President Miss
Tillie Ducker presented a large basket
filled with fragrant roses to Mrs. Ella
"Wehe, the district deputy grand presi
dent. There were addresses appropriate
to the occasion by Brother Mariana Ber
tola and Miss Mae B. Wllkins, past grand
presidents.
The visitors at the office of the grand
secretary last week were: Grand Presi
dent Mrs. Baker, Grand Vice President
Miss Keith, Miss May Stein, Mrs. Lily
O. R. Dyer, Jennie Brown of Piedmont
Parlor. Mrs. Mary Hill of Pescadero Par
lor, Mis3 Agnes Troy and Bernice Peguil
lin of Genevieve Baker Parlor, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Ford of San Jose, Miss
JIathews of Occident Parlor and Misses
Anna Ayers and Hourlhan of Las Lamas
Parlor and Clara Faulkner of Alta Par
lor.
The Royal Axcanum.
•On the night of the 7th of April Ala
meda Council admitted three strangers by
initiation and received twelve applica
tions. The prize banner offered; by the
Grand Council to the subordinate making
the greatest percentage was a"warded to
this council, it having during the past
year made a net gain of 75 per cent. It
was presented to the council on that night
by the committee consisting of Grand
Regent Gunzendorfer and Deputy Grand
Regents J. . B. Whitney, F. D. Bacon and
A. H. Merrill, each of whom made re
marks suitable to the occasion, to which
there was a fitting response by W. E.
Benedict, the regent accepting the trophy.
After the ceremony there was a collation,
when addresses were made by those al
ready named, Grand Warden T. G. Hodg
kins, Grand Chaplain F. S. Brush, George
W. Dflxon and K. Stone. The regent of
Alameda Council and Secretary Hebgen
declared that the banner shall remain
with the council, as all the members will
work to keep it there. J. A. Pariser, ora
tor of the council, presided at the ban
quet." .
Grand Regent Gunzendorfer has. issued
his first circular to the subordinate coun
cils. It is an interesting document which
every member of the order should read
or go to his council and hear it read.
Golden West Council at its last held
meeting after receiving an application
and one transfer card, adjourned to at
tend the banner presentation at Alameda.
Several members of Buena Vista and Sin
Francisco Council accompanied the
Golden Westers. , '.,.-.
; Arg#naut Council will have five can
didates to initiate at its next meeting.
Cards are out inviting members and Ar
c&numites of other councils to be present!
Cigars will be furnished.
Buena Vista Council received three ap
plications at its last held meeting,- secured
by A.C. GreenfteldT .* --rr ' "-, : -r— • -
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the or
der will be celebrated June 23 by the coun
cils of this city, also those of Oakland
and Alameda. .
Mrs. M. R. Hodgkins has been deputized
to organzie a court of the Royal Ladies
of the. Arcanum in this city. ¦
election,'; in several instances four ballots
being taken 1 - to ' secure a choice: '- Noble
arcli, W. ; : H. HSllopeter ; I vice arch, H.
F/Caffman; secretary, F. E. Caler (reV
elected); -treasurer, Mi Sunimerneld (re
elected);-,, conductor, D. • J. Donovan; in
side guard, F. L,./, Young; outside guard,
E. Smith; trustees, Dr. C. C. O'Donnell,
J. Iverson and A. M. Plughoff. 'This
grove has increased j its membership to
flf ty-five in the past year • and . has sev
eral .possible candidates in view. , This
grove.v jointly with Hesperian' Grove, will
picnic at Fairfax Park May 25. •
At the last held meeting of Galileo
Grove three strangers were initiated and
one was elected to membership. Alplnl
Grove at its; last held \ meeting initiated
two. . G. Bruno Grove initiated three can
didates and received several applications.
The membership of the grove is now just
above the one hundred mark. . . -¦
The , ball- that was given by Monte
Verde, Grove : in Turn Verein Hall,' on
Eighteenth street, .on , the night: of the
6th inst. was well attended and prpved
a very delightful, affair. . • i
At the meeting of Hartnagle'-Chapter
on the 14th inst. ten or twelve j Druids
will take the supreme arch degree. The
officers f or . the ensuing term will ' be
elected on that occasion.
Vasco da' Gama Grove has made a gain
of forty members in the past y£ar, in-,
creasing the membership to 116.-
Grand Secretary Martinoni visited Olive
Circle at St. Helena last week, on which
occasion two 'buses arrived from Napa
bringing twenty-eight members of Har
mony Circle there. There was the initia
tion of a class of thirty and =the work
was exceedingly Well done.' Mrs. Lange,
the arch Druldess, had her work memo
rized and almost letter-perfect. After"
the work there was a banquet and ad
dresses by the grand secretary and a
number of the visitors. The banquet was
open to-the members' of St. Helena
Grove, who t became the guests of i the
ladies. City Marshal Johnson' was the
toastmaster. .-
Olive Circle will I pay a return visit to
Harmony Circle in Napa in the near fu
ture. . ¦ . •¦
Three new groves are soon to be insti
; tuted in this city.
Olympia Grove No. 119 has been sus
i pended for "insubordination and conduct
unbecoming Druids." \
AS TOLD IN THE LODGE ANTE-ROOM
T^E SAN FRANCISCO -GALL^ SUNDAY, 13, ; 1902.
32
An Enquiry
On a Postal Card, and" a Pictorial
Booklet . Is yours, telling: you of the
pleasures and benefits to ¦ be had at
AETNA SPRINGS, Napa County. Re-
servations are being made now. Don't
-« procrastinate. Address
EDWARD L. SANFORD. Manager.
YOSHMITJE.
There are others, but not equal to CAMP
CURRY. First in location of time and place,
first ; in quality of service and attention to
guests and personally managed by Mr. and
Mrs. Curry. Opens May 1. You can get fu!l
particulars at Curry's office, 10 Montgomery st.
CAMP CURRY!
(Sonoma County.) New management; rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
l-ew, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing jear
round; white help only; best livery; conking
specially supervised by manager. ; See pamphlet.
THE GEYSERS.
One mile from famous • '.'Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure;, hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
mlik, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager, Russian River station,
via Duncans Milts. Cal. ¦
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
-The largest and best appointed hotel in RU3-
•ian River 'Valley. • Excellent huntinjc, fishing
and boatinsr; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated: new furniture. , R. C. CAL?
HOUN, ProDrletor, Duncans Mills, Cal.
EL BONSTO HOTEL.
° g—^ ° Strictly Reliable.
fy Dr. Talcott & Co.,
itptir Practice Confined to
vj^^^v. Contracted and Functional
JWf Disorders of Men-
Contracted Disorders.
UPON THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE IRRIGATION TREATMENT FOR
contracted disorders, the time necessary to cure was reduced to two weeks." Our
electric Rotarj'-pump method £or which we claim the entire credit that uses enor-
mous quantities of the irrigation fluid at each treatment, requires less than one week.
Devoting our entire time to disorders of the male exclusively and with an ever-in-'
creasing experience, we are naturally in a position to guarantee quick and effective
T*G£lllt3>
Many Men Treated fora Weakness Which Never^xisted
In the largest proportion of cases of lost vitality, nrematureness and the' train of
F.ymptom8 known as "weakness," certain morbid conditions of the urethra and pros-
tate gland, damaged by early dissipation, too often repeated and too long continued
excitement so react on the organs that a condition of diminished vitality and func-
tion le Induced. Our knowledge of the morbid changes in .the organs themselves Is
quite clear and full, but how these changes operate on the nerves and spinal cord cen-
ter are mysteries to the medical profession. Whatever -the morbid, change may be
however, the effects are apparent to the embarrassed sufferer; those troubles beinK
symptomatic of the above mentioned and well-defined morbid conditions* it seems
that even the unprofessional patient must understand that stomach drugging will not
cure, but effojts directed toward repairing the damaged tract will restore In practice
such is the case, as the treatment on these lines never fails to accomplish', the desired
result. Colored chart of the organs sent on application. ; .
P. L. Talcott, M. D., or Dr. Talcatt & Co , 997 Market Streei, Cor. Sixth.
Hbwell Mountain: altitude 2000 feet: air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; daily
mail; croauet; bowllngr Boclal hall; $8 per,
week. • Write MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Ans-
wln, • Cal.
WHITE COTTAGES.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
¦•¦ Sulphur Creek, Colusa Co., Cal., 2G miles by
stage west of Williams ; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging-
including baths, $10 a week. W'M, OELGEAKt!
Proprietor. . ' , ,.
Bqrt/ett Spr trigs!
BARTLETT "WATER "WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant. . After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, walk, over mountain paths.'
amuse yourselves in hundreds of happy
waye. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
- Send for booklet. .
Call or Address
bartlett Springs co,.
General Office, Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter st., S. F. Lake Co., Cal.
HTPU! AMU QPBTMPC
JlIIItJlILAIMU oiiillilio
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health ar.d pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDXEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and ainuse&!«nt. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQtIET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trip*
in Mountains or Valley. -:
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person In room, "small hotel"'.$10 per week
Two persons in room, "small hotel". #18 per weelc
One Derson In room, "cotiages"...$ll per week
Two-persons in room, "cottages" . .$20 per weelt
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL"....
$12 and $14 per weelt
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"...
" $20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 10 Montgomery, Or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montzomery St., or write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER. Highland Springs, Laka
Co., Cal. :
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3^ Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina. Island of
our Famous Marine Sand, twenty-five*
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fi.sh.in? and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens; Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete' Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metrooole. modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
Ing, Music. Dancinsr. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist Information
Bureau, 10 Montgomery street, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
rt /• if ft fi ft HOT SPRINGS. SONOM3W
¦N/T J&liliX COUNTY; only 4^ hours
wAn(/(/U from Saa Francisco and
- ' ¦ but 0 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; beat nat-
ural hot mineral water bath In State; boating
and swimming In Warm Springs Creek; good
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mail,
express and San Francisco morning and even-
ing papers; "FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 5O. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or
3 :30 p. m. Sundays S a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 190X
unprecedented. Information at San Franciscx*
office, 121 Phelan bids. Also at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery. St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal. .
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Sonoma County. Always open. Frnest min-
eral baths and plunge. ,No staging. Every
cemfort and convenience. ' Tiburon ferry, 7:30
a, m.. 3:30 p. m. Information of DR HEN-
SLEE."80T Sntterst.. Phone Strtter' 2371. Tour-
ist Information Bureau. 10 Montgomery st.. or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. Cal.
"BROOKS/DE." ;
Most beairffiful resort house In Napa Valley;
2 miles from Calistoga: free carriage; hot and
cold baths; gas. ; S. F. references. Send toe
pamphlet. G. W. CUTLER. Calistoga.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Hunting, boating, bathing, fishing; new
launch and boats, new hotel and cottages, new
tennis -court. Send for pamphlet and terms.
O. WEISMAN, Midlake. Lake County. Cal.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charmins resort in the Santa Cruz Mts. ;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLNET, Manager. ,-¦...-.
•=-"¦¦ HOTEL DB REDWOOD, \
SANTA CRUZ MTS. Among the grand old
trees; board |S and $10 a week; fare, return
ticket, $2 50. Send for circular to M. S. COX,
Laurel, Santa Cruz County.
THE PDRISSIMA HOUSE.
Near the ocean. Fishing in only mountain '.
trout stream in San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day, $8 week. C. P. MOSCONI
Prop., Purissima, San Mateo Co.. CaJ.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now onen for
business. Rates. $3 to $15 per week.
. FOREST HOTEL,
. ALMA.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Good . trout fishing
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME. Prop.
VICHY SPRINGS— 3 miles from Ukiah,
? Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only 'place in the world of
this class of -waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. . Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Sprtnga. Accommodations; table first class.
J. A. EEDEilEYEU & CO.. Props.
ANNADALE FABM. Santa cruz
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
. J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postotflee, Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose. CaU
i One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
sage. X-ray. Write for literature.
ING'S RANCH — Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 12C0 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
RAND CENTRA!. HOTEL. GuerneviUj.
Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and improved. Headquarter* for hunters
and fishers. Aild. F. PLATH, Guernevllie, CaJ.
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-clasa risrs. Reasonable orlces.
SANTA CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stables. Styl-
ish rigs. Reasonable prices.
A little book issued by the CALIFOR-
NIA NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY
COMPANY, giving Camping Locations,
Hotels, Mineral Spring- Resorts, and a
long list of Country Homes where board
for the Summer can be secured at from
$6.00 to $8.00 per week. (
Ticket offices. 650 Market St. (Chronicle
Building), and.. Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansome and California Sts.,
San Francisco.
R. X. RYAN; Gen'l Pass. Agt.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
"VACATION, 1902."
GET OUT once in a while and romp, ,
BREAK AWAY and give your family a
chance to get acquainted with you,
AXDCALL or write for
AT ( LEAST give them* a chance for a
little change of air that will bring some
color to their cheeks.
PERHAPS then you will find time to
visit them over Sunday,
.AND FORGET yourself as your chil-
dren poke grass down your neck,
and in your nose, 'and eyes, and ears. '
IT'S FUNNY how so many men act.
They toil, and labor, and struggle,
AND NEVER for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those resid-
ing in this vicinity, when right at their
door lies the playground, quickly and
cheaply reached.
IF YOU WILL NOT occasionally give
up the dally grind,'
DO NOT make your wife and children
continually walk the treadmill,In regard to the trouble Mrs. Martin
raid last night that the disagreement was
caused by the clashing of the aims of
the two societies, which were entirely
different. She said: "Our society exists
purely because its members ¦ love flowers,
while the horticulturists desire only to
make money. Although they were our.
Invited giiests, they would --not abide by
our rules. We will not be assisted by the
Horticultural Society In the coming show,
but nevertheless It will be the most suc
ceesful ever given by the Floral Society."
The two committees worked for a time
in harmony, and it was only after the
premium list had been arranged that the
trouble arose. The horticulturists with
cj-cw and determined to hold an exhibi
tion of their own either In June or in
August, when the Knights of Pythias
visit this city. The Floral Society will
hold its regular annual exhibition, but
tbe dates have been changed to May 22,
23 and 2i.
Horticultural Society— William Eldred. H.
Pla.th of tbe Union Nursery, T. A. Munroe,
C<tr£ener at Golden Gate Park.; J. W. Bagge.
trardener at the Protestant Orphan Asylum; F.
Clels. Cbarlea Abrai-.am of the Weatern Nur
ecry aad J. Thompson, gardener for Harry
Tevl*.
Btatt Floral Society — Sin. John Roes Martin.
Mrs. W. S. Chandler, Miss Alice Eastwood,
John HinUe. Mrs. O. D. Baldwin and Mrs. K.
*£. Stewart.
Tbe Floral Society is composed of
women who cultivate flowers for the
pleasure ijt affords them, while on the
other hand the Horticultural Society
consists entirely of men who make the
cultivation of flowers their business. It
has been the custom of tbe Floral Soci
ety to give an annual exhibition. This
year they decided to invite the horticul
turists to join with them in giving the
show. The invitation was accepted. The
cates for the exhibit were set for May
£, 9 and 10, and it was to take place in the
ierry building-. Arrangements were left
In the hands of the two following com
mittees: : '¦¦.-¦*
A serious disagreement has arisen be
tween the California State Floral Society
end the Pacific Coast Horticultural Soci
ety over the arrangements which are be
ing made for the flower show next month.
The ladies of the State Floral Society
claim that the men of the Horticultural
Society axe imbued with a commercial
tpirit, while the men declare that Mrs.
John R. Martin of the Floral Society
Tvznts to run things. As a result the hor
ticulturists have withdrawn their support
from the exhibition, which will now be
conducted entirely by the Floral Society.
Floral Society Disagrees
With the Flower
Growers.
LADIES OPPOSE
C0MMERCIALISM
Personal.
Mrs. B. Woolfe . and Mrs." Ralph Leon
will leave this city, for New : York on May
1: thence by steamer Deutschland, on
May 15, for an extended European tour.
They, will be "at home" April 24.
Ralph Rosenthal has left for New York
on a business trip. ¦ • .
• •" S. C. r Denson, ; F. ; A. I Hyde, H. G. W.
Dinkelspiel and W. D. Jobson, trustees of
the San Francisco State Normal School,
accompanied by Dr.. ¦ Frederick • Burke;
president of. the school, went to Los An
geles to . attend / the ¦ joint t convention : of
the State Normal : School Trustees, which
was held Friday.' •;,_
Mr. and Mrs.' E. Caro will receive their
friends at f their home, 3232 Eighteenth
street,. this afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
' Harry Welngard, 452% Clementina street,
was confirmed (barmltzvah) .on' Saturday,
April 12, at Congregation Beth-Menahim
Streisand. • ' • ' • : . t. v ;.
The late arrivals at El Monte Hotel, Los
Gatos, Cal.; are : -A.', F. Fletcher, Alpena,
MIch.;*Mrs.J:M.' Cole,; Miss Allo Cooke,
Miss Olga Cooke. Winona, Minn.; C. Haid,
J.- R. Park, E. \W.-- Harrington, Dave
Jacob, G. E. Dunfam, ParK Jacob, F. D.
Mudd, Clarence Shepard. Chicago; Phil
Roedal, . San', ' Mateo;.. Thomas • Barry,
Charles Cellerious, ' Gus Olaguey 'Miss
Maggio Clancy, San Francisco; Justus L.
Cazade and . wife, . Mrs. - D. ;- Duty , Miss
Alice Duty,?, Cleveland, Ohio; '- Dr." A: : R.
Crawford, and wife 'and two- children,
Oakland; J. ;S. . Johnston, Mrs. C. Morris,
San 'Jose: ¦ G. ;L. Fitz," G. Gutch and -wife,
San Francisco ; 'Mrs.' Emmertson,- Mrs ; -W.-
O; Stevens, San Gabriel : Mrs. M. D. . Put
nar • Miss; Putnar, Davenport,: Iowa;'Ed
ward Putnar, Stanford' University; MIrs
Maxah, ¦ Miss Sylvester. Milwaukee ;. B. • I.-
Kepler .'Wisconsin; J./F. Cellog, San An
dreas;; D. P. Siemons," Wisconsin.
- Miss ' Hattle ¦ Beck • of " San Diego' Is > a
guest , of ! her sister ,' Mrs. '• Oscar ? Bolde
mann; of 2839 Bush street. ' r • \
\ '•¦' Sidney and Jerome Hamilton, Fred Selk
and Walter Karstens have returned from
a •¦ successful , fishing .; trip in . San Mateo
: County ,-^where '¦ they were the guests - . of
Mr.Tand 'Mrs. 'John Meyn'of Purissima.. •;
;; Miss - Selma Harris, the pianist; 'who
will '-be "assisted > by . MIss:^ Flora ' Morris;
will be at home -to her. many 1 pupils Sun
day,' April 20, : at ' her residence, 2074 Mis
sion street. WBMBPWM>P*^BHn3(^
i •". Miss Maybelle ,: Hogan : left ¦ Friday -. for
Chicago, \where she will visit friends. |
" Rev.iF, A. Keast, of .the. Epworth M.
E." Church -will .preach this morning - on
"The iTrue Source . of Supply in Spiritual
Need,":v and in the : evening on. "The
- Rev." Milton ' D. Buck of the ' Trinity » 11.
E.: Church ,will preach this -morning • on
"A Fair Chance, for Christianity," and in
the 'evening on •: "A Worse Thing May
Come." *-' . /.' '.¦' '¦':'. ¦
Rev. John. Stephens , of the" Simpson
Memorial 'j Church will preach this . morn
ing : on " "Numbering ; Our Days," and in
the evening on "The Twelve Founda
tions.'A-. • -.: ' . ..- •"..''¦• ,'\
Rev. E. H. Avery of: the Westminster
Presbyterian A - Church . will preach - this
evening on < "Stand Fast and Be-True.'.'
. Rev. . E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach, this morning on "The
Cross a Burden or a Glory," and in the
evening on "God's Kingdom and His
Will."'- • •¦'- - ¦ '¦ • - ¦ • '
. Rev. -F.'. W. Fischer of tbe Emanuel
Evangelical' Church •-. will preach this
morning on "The Distinctiveness of Chris
tianity^'-and* in the evening on '-The
Credentials , of- Love." ' ¦ ; •
/Rev. George -A. Gates, D.D., president
of Pomona College, will preach this morn
ing at the First Congregational Church.
His subject will be "The -Way, the Truth
and the Life." In the evening the pastor
will, preach on : "Ye are the salt of the
earth." \ ' • ' .
' Rev. ¦ R.- R. ' Lloyd of the Park Congre
gational Church will . preach this morn
ing . on : "The Three Groups in the Gar
den," and. in the evening on "Waiting to
See the End." ./
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on . VChrlstlan Efficiency '. in an
Energetic : Age." and in the evening on
'.'Overcoming Skepticism In an Age of
Investigation."
Rev: William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach. this morn
ing on "The Thirst of the Soul,"- and In
the evening a sermon to young people.
"Doctrine of Atonement" is the subject
of the lesson at the First Church of
Christ,- Scientists, this morning. . ;
Rev. John Hemphill s of the Calvary
Presbyterian ' Church .will : preach this
morning on "Waxing Iniquity and Wan
ing- Piety," and in the , evening on "A
Good Model for Young People."
Rev.' H. H. Beir of the . First U. P.
Church, will ¦ preach this morning on
VCare Cure," and in the evening on "Re
newed Youth." v . ..:
Subjects of Discourses
; in City Churches
To-Day.
George Malnhart, a mining man from
Grass Valley, is at the Grand. ~
A. W. Keck, a cattleman from Kansas
City, is staying at the Grand.
. J. W. Llnscott. a well-known merchant
of Santa Cruz. Is at the Lick.
Robert T. Devlin, a well-known lawyer
or Sacramento, is at the Lick.
Isidore B. Dockweiler, an attorney and
well-known Democrat of Los Angeles, is
at the Grand.
General James F. Smith, Judge of the
Supreme Court of Manila. ' has returned
from the interior and is registered at the
California.
G. W. Harney, one of Marysville's most
enterprising young business men. Is stay
ing for a few days in this city and is a
guest at the Grand Hotel.
S. K. Hooper, general passenger agent
of the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad
Company, arrived from Denver yesterday
and will -leave for Coronado to-day.
W. G. Heintz. assistant passenger agent
of the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad,
arrived from Salt Lake yesterday and left
for the Hotel Coronado to attend the pas-'
senger rate convention.
1 Philip G. Murray, florist, San Joae. filed
a petition in insolvency yesterday in ths
United States District Court. His liabili
ties are $1025 and he has no assets.
Plorist Insolvent.
Rev. Henry Errickson, a Methodist mis
sionary, died last Friday night in St.
Mary's Hospital from pneumonia, con
tracted by reason of exposure. Mr. Er
rickson was a passenger on board the
Walla Walla on the way to Alaska when
that vessel collided with the French bark
Max on January 2 of this year. He was
57 years of age, a* native of Sweden and
married.
Another Walla Walla Victim Dies.
"World's Attitude Toward Clirist " and the
Christian Religion."- /. :
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First. M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Man of God Whom- the Enemy
Could . Not Intimidate," and in the even-
Ing on "Judas, the Betrayer.'
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morning
on "Carnal Christians." and in the even
ing 1 on "A Seared Conscience."
Rev. F..M. Larkin of the Grace M. E.
Church - will preach this . evening on
"What Is a Christian?"
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
strect M. E. Church- will preach this
cvenlnp on VSigns of the Love of God."
William Kiik Guthrle of the First Pres
byterian Church will address the young
men of the . iT. . M. C. A. this afteinoon.
H.-H. Barnhart will sing.
Rev. T. -id. Draper will preach in the
mornjng at A. M. E. Zion Church. In the
evening Rev. Mr. Gillette will preach.
The second general meeting for the year
1D02 of the conference of San "Francesco
will be held this 'morning at 7:45 o'clock
at St. Francis-" Church to receive holy
communion ot the 8 o'clock mass.
Says Partner.- Took Money.
J. W. Stevenson, who, with L. 'j. Hart
man, conducts a 'commission business,
filed a suit for dissolution of partnership
and ao accounting yesterday. He alleges
that Hartman has converted the funds ad
vanced by him to > conduct the business to
his own use, thereby so injuring the
business that, the firm will be unable to
meet its liabilities unless the partnership
is dissolved.
Will Try to Play School.
' An "Old-fashioned District School", will
be presented at Union-square Hall next
Thursday ; evening, • under, the auspices of
the .Young 'People's 'Alliance of Emanuel
Evangelical ' Church. Mrs. L. O. Hodg
klna will take the principal , role In the
farce.' B. B. Johnson will - give I a saber
drill prior to the performance.
VARIED THEMES
OF THE PASTORS
PERSONAL NOTES.
Sailed Away.
On the'Hamburg-Ame'rhMn Line steam
ship Auguste -Victoria the'followirig sailed
from. New York* April 10: s Mr.- a-:d Mrs
Adolph Meyer, Miss E. Meyer, Adolph
Meyer. Jr.. Miss Henriette Meyer, Louis
Machol, Miss B.; Herrmann, I.-Breslauer
Mrs. J. Fuelscher, Henry Fuelscher, Mas
ter William Fuelscner, Master Julius
• h On l he JH^mburs-American Line steam
ship Graf Waldersee, April 12: Mr.and
xr r n A -« D^ v , ls ' Mrs - A - Muller. Arthur
Muller, Rudolph H. Witt.-
sailed Thursday last on the
steamship Sierra are:
- Honolulu— F. Albright. Williain Alfs,
Mrs. Lorrin Andrews, .infant and maid:
Mrs. Appleman and child, Mrs. E J Bar
rett, Miss B. Bcrner, Mrs. E. Bishop, Miss
C. Bishop, Charles Breed, ; Mrs. Breed, J.
Buck, J. B. Castle, J.-F. Clyne, J. F. Cof-
T? y ,' J ' JV Mrs. S.Forman, Charles
Helm. Mrs. Helm. Miss Helm, H. Herzer,
H. Johnson, H. P. Jones, J. B. Kenny, J.
L. Koster, Mrs. ;P. Lewis, Miss
Mrs. C. J. McCarthy and two children.
Miss I. McCarthy, : Miss ¦ L. McCarthy,
Miss P. McCarthy. Mrs. J. H. MacPhT
son and child,. G. E: Moore, Mrs. Moore,
W. F. Morrison,-I. Munroe, Mrs. Myers,
Mrs. G. S. O'Neil, Miss A. Porter, W. W.
Randall, J. B. Renny, Miss Al. M. Ricker
Miss E. Schmidt, A. F. Scheidecker, Mrs.
Scheidecker, ' H. Slater, Mrs. C. R. Spll
valo, Miss Splivalo. Mrs. J. D. Spreckels
and. maid,, Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, maid
and valet; J. N. Wallingford. R. E. Wal
lingford, P.;W. Webber. ¦¦¦¦
Pago Pago— A. . Spemann.
¦ Auckland— Mrs. E. Kennedy.
Sydney— C. S. Adams, D. Alwyn, J.
Blakely, ; Mrs. M. B. Braden, S. Burney,
Paul CInquevalli, ? Mrs. Cinquevalli and
child, C. Harris, Mrs. Harris, W. J. Hoyt,
Mrs. Hoyt, R. H. Kile,. M. Marwede J
C. Palmer.Mrs.H.L. Read and two
children,. O. L.. Remington, Professor J
D. Towar, Mrs. Towar and - child, John
Wagner, H; Walters, Mrs. Walters E
Ware,«C. C. Wheelwright, R. S. Wood
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— C. I. Loeb
BANKER'S WIFE
GETS DIVORCE
Mrs. Cora V. Stinson De
scribes Life With
Her Husband.
Home Parties.
A very entertaining home muslcale took
place Saturday; April 5. at the residence of
Miss Agnes Kelly. 1892 Ellis street. -S0I03
were rendered by , the following: The
Mirses Katherlne McDonald, La vinalloff
acker, Mary O'Connell, May McDonald,
Agnes Laydon, Loretta O'Connell, An
gelia Laydon, Ruby Bond, Eleanor Woos;
ter, Dorothy Weed, Hazel • Denely, Clara
Brewin, Genevieve Brewln, Kathryn Kel
ly.
A pleasant surprise party was given
Mr. Ira Hart at his residence, 2186 Sutter
street, last Sunday evening by his friends.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given to "Will V. Chase Jr. by his many
friends on the anniversary of his birthday,
April 1, at his residence, 1538 Mason street.
Music'and dancing entertained the guests
until early morning. Those present were:
The Misses Rose Pey, Mrs. F. Schade,
Lillie Martin, Maize Benard, Jennie Duffy,
Maud Vanning, Ida Currie,' Ella Peck,
Emily Olson, JSlsle Gait, Marguerite Mass,
Mamie Daggett, Edna Forbes, Lizzie Ver
halen, Charlotte Sawyer, Grace Cosgrove,
Clementine ' Bianci. Jessie • Sawyer.- Sue
Sullivan, Violet Posner, - Jennie Cochran,
Irene Cornips,. Bertha Olson, Flora Da
vis, Sophie Biancl, Lena Tilton, Stella Mc-
Laughlin, Gertie Cornips,- Mrs. R.- Rob
inson, Laura Chase, Mrs. i Chase, Stella
Bianci. Myrtle Olson, Dorothy Chase, and
Walter Hanna, George Kitterman, Frank
Burke, Charles Gay, Clyde Irwin. Rich
ard Donovan, Jack Ackerman, Will Law
ton, S. Moran, Fred Shade, Albert Forbes,
Richard Stromberg, - 'Walter ..-¦ Evans,
Fred Swags, Jack. Kennedy, James Hoff
man, Joe Masterson, Dolph Gait. George
Boyd.^Harold Kelly, Henry Diel, Fred Mc-
Dowell, Will Sabin, Andrew Olson, Owen
Mounce, Harry Lementre, Fred, Henry
and Charles Copel, Fred Sabin,' Luke Pe
rez, Joe Stewart, Joe Sol. James Kitter
man, R. Robinson, Fred ¦ Hanna, ' Fred
Bouceti, Joe Fleishman. .George Leron,
Joe Patterson, Louis , Defralney, James
Sabell, Tom Kelly, Leon Buckler, Ed Kit
terman, Joe Pelser, Harry Graff, Dennis
Barry, Charles Mullins, Fred Chase,
George and Harold Shade and Wilfred
Kansen. ... •
A surprise party was tendered ' to . Ira
Hart at his residence, 2186 Sutter street.
Cora Virginia Stinson was granted a
divorce from "William H. Stinson, paying
teller of the Anglo-Calif ornian Bank, by
Judge Murasky yesterday. Stinson,
though he filed an answer denying his
wife's charges of cruelty, did not appear
in court to contest the suit.
Mrs. Stinson, who before her marriage
to Stinson In October, 1901, was a Miss
Meyerstein. testified that her husband
came home almost nightly in a besotted
condition and caused great anguish by
growling at and abusing her and prevent
ing her from sleeping. "I was threat
ened," said tbe banker's wife, "with an
attack of nervous prostration as the re
sult of his actions."
Judge Murasky granted her a decree of
divorce and made an order directing Stin
son to pay his wife 550 per month ali
mony. * • '
Minnie M. Griffin, who was married to
John R. Griffln at Klamath, SIskiyou
County, in December, 1900, brought a suit
for divorce yesterday on the ground of
cruelty. She alleges that during the last
six months he inflicted upon her grievous
mental and physical suffering by threat
ening to kill her, accusing her of being
unfaithful and by striking and chokini
her. She asks for. the custody of their
11-months-old child and $30 a month ali
mony.
Frederick Norman Ayles is suing Mary
Ann Ayles for divorce for habitual intem
perance. He alleges that ahe has drank
marriedVlEk 1110 laSt £** They were
Luka Boro is suing Helena Boro for di
vorce on the ground of desertion. Boro al
leges that his wife left him on April 1L
1901, two weeks after their marriage '.
• A suit for divorce was filed against Nel
lie Daly by John R. Daly yesterday.
Habitual Intemperance and cruelty are
charged by the plaintiff, who alleges that
his wife s indulgence has unfitted her for
the duties of a wife and mother. He asks
for the custody of the children, of whom
l? e ,T e^? Te two * The y were married at
Fall River, Mass.. In December, 1886.
KEEP WATCH OVER BODY
OP THEIB LATE COMRADE
league of Cross Cadets Pay. Tribute
to Esteemed Member of Or
. ganization.
Lieutenant Joseph H. Doyle of • the
League of the Cross Cadets died at "his
residence, 2S04 Folsom street, on Friday
morning, and will be ', buried to-day at
Menlo Park- Preceding the Interment
services will be held at St. Peter's Church
and also at Menlo Park.. It Is probable
that Rev. Philip J. O'Ryan, spiritual di
rector of the League of the Cross, will
officiate at both ceremonies. V
Dr. Doyle held. the rank of lieutenant
adjutant of the Third Battalion of the
League of the Cross < Cadets. He also
served in the hospital corps and per
formed excellent service in that capacity
In the late encampment held in Napa. He
was a native of Redwood City and •, a
graduate of , the Redwood High School,
class of 1896. He entered the dental de
partment of the Univeislty of California
and graduated with the class of 1900 • He
was also a member of Phil Sheridan
Council,: Y. M. I. ,
His funeral , will take place this morn-
Ing ¦ from his late residence, and his re
mains will, be escorted to the church and
the depot by, a delegation, from Company
I of the League of Jhe Cross Cadets and
Phil ' Sheridan Council. Y. • M. I. . Ever
since the news of his death was received
members of Company I have maintained
a watch over the bier of the dead. They
have been" assisted in this duty. by. the
members of -the ;.. Young Men's Institute.'
The wedding of Miss Sara Brilliant and
Dr. S. R. Jacobs will take place to-day at
3 o'clock at the residence of the bride's
parents. 2020 Alameda avenue, Alamed*.
They will leave immediately for the south,
ern part of the State and on .their return
¦will occupy their new home at '2125 San
Jose avenue, Alameda.'-..
. Mrs. B. H. de Spain announces the mar
riage of her sister. Miss Jennie M. Stark,
to Henry G. Leffmann last Wednesday
••vening at St. Patrick's Church. Mission
street, between Third and Fourth. The
bride is a tall and graceful blonde. She is
very popular among the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, beiner the presi
dent of Los Torrosas Parlor No. 131. . Mr.
I-efTmann is a member of Army and Navy
Parlor, Native Sons off the Golden West,
and holds a responsible position in the
Western Sugar Refinery, Miss Nellie T.
Mulcay was bridesmaid and Herman Leff
mann, brother of the groom, was best
man. After a trip south the couple will
live at 1290 Treat avenue.
A very pretty home. wedding took place
at 1321 Guerrero street at high noon on
Easter Monday when Miss Mary E. Jones
became the wife of Mr. Alexander M.
Athanosiade of the United States postal
sen-ice. Rev. Mi*. Sanford of St. John's
officiating. The bride was attended by
Miss Charlotte Williams and Mr. George
Cavanagh acted as best man. The briae
wore a beautiful gown of pearl gray
crepe, trimmed in white satin arid mous
seline de sole, and embroidered in .lovers'
knots of shirred velvet ribbon. After the
wedding breakfast the relatives and
friends escorted the bride and groom to
the Valencia-street depot, where, amid a
show of rice, they departed for a short
trip to the southern part of the State.
Upon their return they will reside at 1321
Guerrero street.
They're Married.
1 he dance given by the Ladies' Auxil
iary of the Young Men's Hebrew Asso
ciation at its rooms last Tuesday evening
was largely attended. It has been de
cided that these socials be given once a
month. On Wednesday evening the gym
nasium was taxed to its utmost capacity.
The association, owing to its , rapid
growth, is now seeking larger: and more
suitable quarters and committees havo
been appointed with that end in view. At
the semi-monthly whist tournament held
in the rooms on . Wednesday night G
Speier captured the •. much-coveted prize.
A lecture has been arranged for this
evening, at which theRev.Dr. Nleto will
officiate. Preparations have been made
to accommodate the large number ex
pected, • as - the subject will be of great
interest to the members. . On Sunday
evening the members of the literary and
debating- committee-meet at the rooms for
the purpose of,; perfecting plans for the
nrst debate and exercises to follow »
Mr.- and Mrs. T. . P. Sherman received
the 1902 Whist Club of this city at then
residence, 1448 Carolina • street, Alamcda.
on Friday evening, March 27. Dancing 1
was indulged in up to a lat© hour, when
supper wa3 served. Those who enjoyed
the evening were: Mr, and Mrs. Charles
H. Sherman, Mr. and " Mrs. T. P. Sher
man, Mrs. M. W. Jennings, . Miss Vio'lec
Z. Arthur. Miss Esther Cooke, Miss Mac
Cooke, Miss Patience -V. Cooke. Miss Lu
Crowe, Miss Frankie Eldridge, Miss
Nellie Gillespie, Miss Maud O. , Stone,
Miss Jennie Sherman, Miss Edith M.
West, Miss Lena ¦¦ Williams, Stanley
Clisby Arthur, Dr. M. K. CiarKe, C. W.
Culberson, Bert Eldridge, William Mul
ler, R. R. Reid, D. E. Saunders, Harold
Sheldon, Hoyt, Sherman, Dr. William
Tryon and Hoy White.
The alumni of the Polytechnic High
School held an" informal dance and | re
union on Wednesday, April 9, at 8;30
p. m., in Occidental Hall, 305 Larkln
street. ' ,
Club Parties.
Julius Feigenbaum has left for Syra
cuse, where he win be married on Monday
to Miss Rose Stettheimer.
Next Wednesday afternoon, at . the
beautiful country residence of Mrs. S.
F. Ayer, her ; daughter, Florence Eliza
beth, wnl be united in marriage with
James Lee Ogier.
Edmund Loewy announces the engage
ment of his sister Rose to William Conn.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry J. Lask announce
the engagement of their daughter, Her
mione M. to Frederic S. Qreenlee of the
brokerage and commission nrm of F. S.
Ureenlee & Co. The wedding, which .will
be private, will take place at the nomb of
the bride's parents, California street,
near Van Ness avenue, on Tuesday even
ing, April 2», at 9 o'clock. The bridal
tour will include a trip South and pos
sibly East. On the return their residence
will be at San'Mateo. •
Mr. and Mrs. A. Graff announce the en
gagement of their daughter Mae to Wil
liam F. McLeod of ¦ this city. The wed
ding- will take place in the near future.-
Mr. and Mrs. • W. Kaskell ¦ announce the
engagement of their daughter _ Hose to
Samuel Jf'rank of thiscity. v ¦
To a number of their friends Mr.' and
Mrs. WV H. Churchman of Fruitvale have
announced the engagement, of .; their
daughter Dorothy to W. H. Hackett of
San Leandro. , ¦ ,-'•• .
The engagement: Is- announced of Miss
Celia Tobin. youngest daughter of the
Jate Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Tobin of Vallejo,
and William F. Lincoln of San Francinco.
The wedding will take place' on April 14,
at the St. . Nicholas Hotel. .
? They're Engaged.
ing. The fair sex graced social
affairs early ' in ¦ the season,' but they
eclipse all previous efforts in their artistic.
1902 summer gowns with the thinnest of
lace' insertions and the, fullest of frou
frou flounces. " .
has certainly been
/T — making up for lost time during
lvA«/\ the last' week, for- there have
V A) been luncheons, dinners and. no
/fZ^y' end of teas, with dozens ' of
prettily gowned ladies receiv-
; Mr.- and Mrs., W. , T. Edwards gave -a
most enjoyable party at Masonic Hall in
honor of -their., daughter, ¦•: Miss 'Ella- Ed
wards, on the occasion: of her eighteenth
birthday. She was the recipient of many
handsome gifts. '.The hall was decorated
in red and green. Dancing was .partici
pated in, after which supper was served.
Those present' were:. Miss: Ella A:. Ed
wards, Miss Stella. F. Wynne, Misses Car
rie and Annie Peterson, Miss : Kate V.
O'Connell, Miss Clorlne Carrington,
Misses Cecil and Emily Engdahl, Miss
Ethel R. Nelson, MissCarrie Klein, Miss
Lottie Milot. Miss Miriam Grau, Mrs. , N.
Wynne, Miss Carrie . Hemsworth, Misses
Grace and Annie Young, Mrs. E. Elling
house, Mrs. J. Ramon, Misa ' H. Them,
Misses Rose and Lily .Driscoll, Mrs.
Schmitt, Miss .Carrie Mohr. .Miss : Stella
Ramon, Miss Fannie Thompson, Miss
Millie Schmidt, Mrs. J. Browel, Miss
Dagmar Wholander, 2 Miss Mabel Shaw,
Miss Martha Wilkens, • Miss Genevieve
Doyle, Mrs. A. Nelson, Mrs. T. Rayes, Ed
Mehlert, -William H. Edwards; Robert C.
McLean, Louis and Ed Klein, Harry Miil
lins, Frank Ames,. Edwin Peterson, Edgar
Levey, Ardie Levit; Roy Elliot and others.
A very pleasant surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Lillie Schuman In honor of
her birthday, last Thursday evening, at
her residence, 58 Thirteenth street. , Those
present were: .Miss Lillie Schuman, Miss
Eva Zella Ayers, Miss Margaret K. A.
Guinee, Miss Lulu i Roblnett, Miss Gussie
Schuman, Miss Helen Kramer, Miss Mar
guerite Henrichs, Miss Blanche Stahman,
Miss Ethel Cooke and Miss Emma Schu
man; Messrs. , Phil ¦ Ossman, ' George
Mayer, Oliver Strom, Dave Longwell,
John, McCloskey, Paul Murphy, John
Longwell. Roy Kimball, George Adams,
William Kramer and Chris Schuman. •
last '. Sunday evening. The house- was
handsomely decorated. Aivery enjoyable
evening was spent... After^ dancing, supper
•was served. ' . Those present were: •• 'wiisd
Harris, Miss Hartman.'-Miss M.VCahn,
Miss K: Michael, Miss H. Rosenblat,' Miss
P. Hart, Miss A. Hart, Miss L. Hart, Miss
Fannie Hart,' Mrs.; A. Hart,; .T.< Bergman,
Ira Hart,, 'I. • Finklestein, S. Meyer, Sol
Meyer, L.' Harris, : A. Hart and H.
Michael. : ; -
.-:¦ V . :.... ' .¦•¦.¦..'..- / •• ; .¦¦•¦¦ ¦¦¦:.:¦;¦¦:,!:...,¦ .-, . ; ¦
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY , APRIL 13, 1902:
SOCIETY EVENTS
33
The. woman who cannot stand it unless her clothes are so loose she
barely feels them, may make up her mind that her feminine organs need
immediate attention. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will put
her in a normal condition, and as a result the figure will resume its natural
proportions. If every woman would # take Mrs. Pmkham's medicine when
her side or back aches, or when she has an uncomfortable, bloated feeling,
we would have fewer slouchy, middle-aged women, who, as they say, cannot
stand moderately tight clothing.- Instead of wearing clothes that are looser
and more slovenly in appearance every day, they might, by the use
of Mrs. Pinkham's medicine, get iheir shapely bodies again. Lydia 12.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will cure the female troubles, will take
away the pain, will relieve the inflammation. I do hope that all women who
are .suffering any of the effects of tight clothing, or who are ill with any
distinctly feminine trouble, will understand how exactly this medicine is
adapted to their needs.
Women suffering from feminine troubles always have a desire to wear
unnecessarily loose clothing. They think it will relieve the pain. They do
not stop to consider that removing the pressure will not cure. The female
troubles get no better, and day after day a little of that trim look, so es-
sential to a woman's best appearance, is lost.
When a woman finds she is beginning to have* pains in her side, when
she gets dizzy from causes she does not understand, when the I bearing-
down pains are so frequent she hardly seems able to walk, let her take
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. It is the only thing that will
help her. There Is no use in her going to the doctor. He has no sympathy
with a woman who. through not understanding, has brought these
troubles upon herself. Half the time he doesn't believe in them, and' puts
a woman off with something that may give her temporary relief, but will
be of no lasting help. But Mrs. Pinkham has made a study of this matter
for years, and her medicine is just the thing that is needed to restore th»
nerves to a healthy condition, relieving and healing the inflammation.
Of course, every young woman who laces too tight realizes sooner or
later that her pains are the result of the tight clothing, and she loosens it,
and then wonders why her pain doesn't cease. She doesn't understand that
the displacement of the female organism is not a trouble that will cure
itself. By and by she says she cannot see that wearing her clothes loosely
helps her any, and she tries to wear them tight once more, but cannot do
so. Often inflammation has set in and enlarged the organs, and the slim
figure that was once her pride is no more. The whole trouble is that the
woman does not know that the mere loosening of the clothing will not cure
the trouble caused by wearing clothes too tight.
But, like the shoe and the glove, in its use the . corset has been much
abused. What should be used merely to give the waistline a trim appear-
ance, often is drawn so tight that displacement of the female organs re-
eults, and causes the woman untold agony. Every one has in her list of ac-
quaintances some one whose wasp-like waist was the pride of her young
womanhood. I know such a person who, when she was going to the theater,
or reception, would draw her corset even a little tighter. By and'by she
began to have pains in the side, which seemed almost unbearable. They
came at first at these evening affairs, when she should have been enjoying
herself; but by and by the pains were always there— even when she did
not don the corset at all. She had brought on female trouble by her reck-
lessness, an illness that kept her in misery much of the time. She finally
went to the hospital, and there the nurse told me it was an actual fact that
the various feminine organs had taken an unnatural and deformed shape as
the result of tight lacing.
Bearing-down pains and dizziness, from which so many women suffer,
are often the result of wearing clothing that is too tight.
Tbe shoe and glove, however, when worn too tight/do not make half
the trouble caused by the tight corset In Epite of all that is said to the
contrail', I believe in'the corset, although the slim woman looks much bet-
ter without It. But for the person inclined to be, stout I know the corset
to be a friend indeed. Such a woman is apt to lay on more fat over the
stomach, and if the corset is worn constantly, it keeps the too solid flesh
from accumulating too rapidly.
It is a well-known fact, and a perfectly reasonable one, that the glove
and shoe, if worn too tight, interfere with the proper circulation of the
blood. ... ' '^i^- ¦ -. •. ;' ; ;*
. •.¦.¦¦
(ALL, RIGHTS RESERVED.)
Ey MARCARET L- BRICCS.
And all other. facial blemishes are remo'ved'by
DR. ; and MRS.'' A. W. .TRAVERSE, Donohoe
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-20, with I the electric | needle without pain or
scar: permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m. 1
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
JTEW ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
'¦For the cure of all disorders of the : Stomach %
Liver,'; Bowels;' Kidueys, Bladder, =¦' Female > Ir-
regularities, Sick i; Headache, ; Biliousness, -Con-
Ktipatlon, Piles and. .ull derangements of the
Internal Viscera, 25c a box. ¦ At DruRglsts, or
by, mall. ."• EADWAY &-CO./i New York. ~.
.. Purely ; vegetable, i mild and - reliable. "\« Causes
perfect ; : digestion,' 1 - complete ." . absorption •: and
healthful 'regularity. .-¦, .". ¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦ -¦,¦
Brahman Toilet Cream
CURES .ECZEMA, POISON 1 OAK AND i DAN-
DRUFF. Sold by. J. S. ; Potta Drug Co., > 1016
Market street;* and other druggists; also afof-
Hce of Dr. A: ; "VV. . Traverse. ; 1170 Market street
QaBBHanHHBEBQanHBJBDaHsaaaaiaaHaHnaannanaannnona
g Gibson Effect Suits, Blue and Black/striped, OIK HH «
w Double Flounce Skirt, at .. ..!... dlUiUU a
©.-EtohiSuits in Gray, Tan and Black, with Qi Q Cft §
1 Velvet Collar and.Peau de So:e Facings ui u, OU S
S Regular Price $20.00 **
m Taffeta Eton Jackets from ......: 0 1 A ft ft ¦
I ......... ....^..... ...$5.00 toOlU.UU S
g Long Bishop; Coats inPeau de So'e and OJC ft ft |
| •Moire, large variety, from . . $8*50 to 3i U U g
¦ Capes and Dress Skirts from..... ... 001100 °
I •; ¦¦;•:. ......... ...v.. .$2.50 to oZU.UU |
Kill the g:enn that causes dandruff,
falling hair and baldness, you will have
no more dandruff, and your hair must
Crow luxuriantly. Herpiclde not only
contains the dandruff germ destroyer,
but It is also a most delightful hair dress-
ing for regular toilet use. No other hair
preparation is on this scientific basis of
destroying the dandruff germ than New-
bro'a Herplcide.
Way With. Dandruff.
The Cause ULust Be Removed, Same
TO CUBE AMTY DISEASE
ADVERTISEMENTS. * ;
I'""""""""""""*
I 1 0uf0% \ ' j
3 \& mwm . is '¦¦¦ B
I Makes Skins Lighter, Clearer, Purer |
ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES i|
The clear, firm complexion of youth B
is coaxed back" by Anita Cream. 13
Applied at. nieht and. removed in H
tne inominsr. thus Imparting the full M
benefits of its medicinal nature. Re- ¦
moves - Tan. Freckles. . Muddlnoss fl
Pimples, : Moth and -Liver. Spots! H
; Directions with ; each, jar. 50c of B
druggists or of us, prepaid. . M
ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY I
Los Anpeles, Cal. s if
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN CLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'S feOOTHING SYRUP
l.as been used for over SIXTY, YE AK3 ¦ bV
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHJXJ3REV
WII1LK TEETHING, ,WITH PERFECT 8UC-
CESS. IT SOOTHE3 the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS, ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and la ¦ the :: belt > remedy for * DIAK-
KHOEA. Bold by Druggists In every part of
the p world. Be rure and ask ' for • : ¦ •. s .>
MES. , WINSL0 W'S -SOOTHING' ¦ SYRUP
AND, TAKE NO i OTHER KIND.
/Twenty-Five Cent* n Uottie. v
— — ($%OT^ =====
The Greatest Lace Curtain Sale
$2,500 Worth of HigH-Glass Curtains Sacrificed
j^To£morro\v-we begin whatj.we believe will be the greatest sale of Lace Curtains in the history of
this department We ;have:d6ne;a;phenominal curtain business and in consequence a great many
broken lines have accumulated, in one," two;Vthree- and -four pairs of a pattern. We have marked
these away down in -priced in order to dose out quickly. Sale includes some of the finest of
imported goods in '.- ->-'\ '• ' v "\"
Brussels Net Curtains— -Point de Lux Curtains
/ Irish Point Curtains?—^Renaissance Lace Curtains
Formerly $2.25 a pair— on sale at........ ...... $1.90 Formerly $21.00 a pair— on sale at 515.75
Formerly $4: 50 a pair--on sale at...... ...... ..$3*.25. Formerly $27.00 a pair — oil sale at $20.25
¦Formerly $6. 50 a pair--on sale at..... ....... ..$4175 Formerly $36.00 a pair — on sale at ....$27.06
Formerly $8.50 a pair— oh.sale at....... ! ;.:....$6.50 Formerly $44.06 a pair — on sale at ..$33.00
We also place on sale over 500 pairs of : SWISS CURTAINS— finished with ruffle — all new and
choice— Curtains suitable for bedrooms, in the prettiest of patterns, such as jacquard {J^-g /*f"
stripes, openwork stripes and a large, variety of different size dots — hemmed ready Vl^ I ft\
for rod — price while they last, a pajr............. \JjJL%hdt)
Ladies' High-Class Tailored Suits-
Our great and, magnificent stock of Ladies' Suits and Dresses for street, house and evening
wear in handsome, fetching and exclusive styles is now ready for your inspection. The very newest
dictates of Fashion are here and are now being offered at the most reasonable prices.
Stylish Panama cloth suits,' in gray, t an Handsome tailored suits of fine quality cobweb
and oxford; Eton -"Jacket with braided Etamine, in black; blouse jacket artistically
reveres; flounce! skirt; sp le nd id Cf\ trimmed in fancy bands; latest rfoA AA
value................ .•....:.:....;. ............. iPi/.DV gored skirt .; ;.... MU.UU
Handsome Basket cloth suits, in gray, castor Elegant tailor made suits in navy and black
and green; ;. Postillion^ back Eton jacket with Etamine, blouse jacket with lace collar; entire
velvet collar and elegantly trimmed (jfQC AA SUIt beaut^ully trimmed in satin <#oq ITA
vvith fancy buttons and braid ........; &-dDJJ\) bands and Irish Crochet lace.....
• Very dressy Eton suits of all wool Etamine, Fine English broadcloth suits, in navy, castor
in navy and black; latest flounce skirt; entire suit and black; Eton jacket with postillion back, velvet
handsomely trimmed in satin bands tfO'V tr A collar and fancy Persian vest; flounce <*a r\ r\r\
stitched in white skirt with taffeta silk drop skirt........ »^T"U.vJU
Commencing Monday, we .offer hundreds and" hundreds of yards of CREAM CHANTILLY
LACES— We bought them far below their actual value— to-morrow you .have a chance to do the
same. They are all choice, new goods, from 2 to 6 inches wide — now being used jT\
extensively for millinery and summer dresses, also for fancy work — never before offered \J/^
for less than 20c and 25c per yard— Price for this sale.... '.:......... %^
$i.co and $2.00 Lace/ Collars 95c each
Never before has such a bargain opportunity been presented to our customers — Dainty, pretty,
serviceable IRISH POINT and VENISE .LACE COLLARS, in the most desirable shapes— round,
pointed and revere e'ffects — many suitable for dress and . coat trimming — in £~\ £5?
white, cream, butter and • ecru— all^ fine goods— worth regularly $1.50 and $2.00 \Jk T\ f**
each, now .....*. ............-............................' V
A Sofa Cushion Special New Cushion Covers
- Tapestry Cushions — ready for use, in choicest Just received — latest ideas in Cushion Tops —
of Persian and Oriental colorings— an exceptional Oriental, floral, dragon and Mosaic designs, 25c,
va^ue at $100 each. ... ' /¦* ¦ 50c, 60c and ?5c each.
I Kearn? and Sutttr Sts. | ;
NEWMAN & " LEVINSON.
ADVERTISEMENTS.WASHINGTON/ V April 12. — The Senate'to
day confirmed Indian Agents Albert; M." Ander
son of ; the : Colvllle ; agency, | Washington, . and
Herman G. Nlckerson of the Shoshone agency,
OCEAN STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived April i 12— Stmr Tro
jan Prince,' from Naples and Palermo.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 12— Stmr Vosburg.
from Tillamook; Br. bark Tcrrisdale, from .
Sailed April 12— Ktmr Harrison, tor Tilla
mook. ;: - • .-,' : ¦ ¦ C;
DOMESTIC PORT.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 12.r-
Btmr John S Kimball, - Thwlng. . 70 hours
from Seattle. .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs G Longstreet, Cal
N Johnson, Los Ang ¦
H M Ball, Bellmont
F Merritt. Jolon
Mrs K G Streed, Llvmr
T Parker, Kansas
R E Hall, Reno -f.
A Henlej", Sacto ¦¦ - •'¦
EP Betrlnk, N Y
Miss Addle Pedrottl,
Santa Rosa
Miss Agnes Pedrottl,
Santa Rosa
W R Shannon, Mo
A O Bengamln. Seattle
J Lunesonl; -Vallejo
J,H Rodda, Minn
L Goodman. Iowa . '
Mrs F H Fysh & f,
•Victoria .
Miss Dean. Victoria
Misses HousoS S Diego
W T Nixon. Cal
J R Tyler, Martinez >
HOTEL • ABRIVA;LS.
The selection of a pastor to succeed
Donaldson was left to Rev. Dr. Coyle,
who departed > for Colusa ¦ County imme
diately after the* adjournment. , . ; ¦>"
The charges against Miss Lorena Evans
and Miss Lottie Bush were then presented
by the elders. ' Thomas Jefferson ' Mize,
one of the trustees, objected, quoting, the
church law to the effect that action could
be taken upon the accusation of but one
person at a single session, but his breth
ren overruled him and the story of the
disgraceful affair of several days ago was
retold. Considerable discussion ensued as
to the proper course to pursue in^view.of
the fact that Miss Bush was not present
to defend herself, but it was finally-or
dered that the secretary write to Miss
Bush, demanding her resignation from
membership in the church, and informing
her that expulsion was the only, alterna
tive. The same action was .taken in the
case of Miss Evans. , ...
Resolved, That whereas- the pastor of the
Methodist Episcopal Church of Vacaville, Rev.
M. V. Donaldson, is . charged with improper
conduct; and whereas, the said charges are
fully proved by reliable witnesses. It Is there
fore ordered that the name or. M. V. Donald
son be stricken from the membership roll, of
this church and that he be dishonorably.ex
pelled as a pastor ol the Methodist Episcopal
church forever. - ¦¦• ..
After listening to the testimony of sev
eral young women, the following resolu
tion was adopted:
When the official board, "composed' of
John Bailey, George Stevens, W, L. Rose,'
W. W. White, T. J. Mize, Mrs. R. J.
Kridler, Mrs. Nellie White, Miss Ollie
Kridler, Kate Archer, Mrs. W. L. Rose,
Mrs. E. J. Scoggins, Mrs. H. P. Calligan,
Mrs. James Collins . and • Mrs. George
Reams, with Rev. Dr. John Coy le, the
presiding elder, acting as chairman, was
called to order, the cnairman announced
that the purpose of the r meeting was : to
take action on the case of Rev Mr. Don
aldson, who was- charged with conduct
unbecoming a minister of the gospel.
VACAVILLE, April 12.— M. V.; Donald
son was to-night expelled as pastor j of
the Methodist Episcopal Church, and the
resignations of two young women of the
local congregation were demanded. This
action was taken at a meeting of the of
ficial board to-night, and has evoked some
criticism, for the reason that. the accused
young women were given no chance to
reply to the charges. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vacaville's Methodists
Act on Donaldson
Scandal.
% . ..
Charles E. and Emma L. French to Isldor
B. Green, lot on N line of A street. 57:6 W of
Tenth avenue. W25 by N 100; $10,
Odd Fellows Cemetery Association to Mary
ICelson, lot In said cemetery; $175.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanehet to S.
Jeptha C. and Elizabeth O. Cooper to Eliz
ebeth Getz, lot on W line of Twenty-third ave
nue. 125 N of California street. N 25 by W
120; flO. \
Frank R. and Sophie Grannis to Henry C.
Bchroeder, lot on NE corner of California street
and Fourth avenue, N 117. E 32:6, S 115 W
82:6^; $10.
Patrick and Catherine AVhelan to Charles J.
BcrgUn, lot on E line of Mississippi street.
100 N of Twentieth, N 30 by E 100; $10.
Harley R. Wiley, Walter P. Johnson, Bertha
T. fc-nith and George H. and Emily T. Fuller
to *elix Marcuse, lot on W line of First ave
nue. 37:5'/i S of California street, W 102-6 by
E 35; $10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Bertha F.
Smith, same; $10.
Charles L. and Nellie Patton to William
Ix;gie. lot on W line of Utah street. 100 N of
Seventeenth, N 25 by W 100; $10.
City Street Improvement Company (a cor
poration) to eame. same, quitclaim deed; $10. '
Mary A. Snyder to Louis Canepa, lot on NE
line of Oak Grove avenue, 175 NW of Bryant
street. NW 25 by NE 112; $10.
Thomas ¦ J. and Amelia H. Duffy to City
Etrstet Improvement Company fa corporation),
lot on N' line" of North Potnt rtreet, 137:0 E of
Larkin. E 30 by W 137:6; $10.
Joseph de la Fontaine to Margaret de la
Fontaine, lot on E line of Koe street, 01 S of
Clipper. S 23 by E 80; $10.
Ann Stapleton to Charles A. and Madeline
T.'clff, lot on NE corner of Grove and Baktr
Streets, N 50 by E 87; $10.
George and Margaretha Asmussen to Dr.
Annie W. Williams, lot on N line of Twenty
fourth ftrcet, 100 E of Sanchez, E 25 by N
114; $10.
H«nry and Emilie Van Bergen to John S.
Merrill, lot on N line of Broadway, 58:6 E
of Broderick, E 50 by X 137:6; $10.
Charles E. Fredericks to Ada E. Llchten
berg. undivided one-third interest in same; $10.
Arthur R. Fredericks to Anna E. Lichten
berg, undivided one-third interest In lot on N
line of Green street, lC9:ti E of Devisadero,
E 38:10 by N 137:6; $10.
Bridget and Michael Costello to Charles VT.
Moulthrop, lot on E line of Fillmore street,
87 :« N of Pine, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Abraham Ruef to Jacob Goldberg, lot on S
line of Jackson street, 137:6 E of Octavia, L'
40 by S 127 :8U: *10-
Arthur R. and Constance P. Fredericks to
Ada. Law (wife of Hartland), lot on NE corner
cf Broadway and Van Ness avenue, E 86:8
fcy JC 137:0; $10. '* \
Joseph and Katherine Zlnnen to Andreas and
Chrifctine Keller, lot on N line of Elliot Park,
4S* W of Steiner, W 22 by X 70 (Hamilton
Square): ?5.
Herbert E. and Grace TC. Law to Arthur It.
Fredericks, lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
€0 S of Green street, S 23:8. E CS, S 3, E
22:6, XE 4:7. N 23 :S. W 04; $10.
SATURDAY. APRIL 12.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Concluding Mr. Dpckweiler proposed a
toast to the memory of the late Stephen
M. White, which was drunk in silence.
The people south of the Tehachapi Pass
have or.e dear wish, and this Is what they
hope: That the leaier of the Democracy will
be selected from their midst to head the Dem
ccrati<- ticket in the next campaign. Mayor
Merf-cith P. Snj-der of Los Angeles is our
ohoict" but no matter who may be selected,
the Democracy of Southern California will
unite with solid ranks and lead him on to vic
tory.
Isidore B. Dockweiler of Los An&eles
responded to the toast "Democracy South
of Tehachapi Pass." The hour teas late
and his remarks were therefore brief. He
launched the boom of Mayor Snyder of
Los Angeles as a candidate for Governor
in the following words:
Continued From Page Twenty-Nine.
Henley, J. C. Hughes, John M. Bartlett. James
X. Polk, Alex Lonz. E. J. Hill. Charles Hen
ley, H. C. Thompson, S. Braunhart, Frankliu
K* Lane. Dr. A. A. D'Ancona, Charles W.
Fay, William T. Hess, J. C. Sims. J. F.
Cooren, J. O. Dunbar, Nicholas Bowden. J. 1.
Vardell R. Porter Ashe, J. W. Lovey, Thomas
M. O'Connor, Charles Arato, J. Emmet Hayden,
V. W. McNair, General J. F. Smith. Judge
M." T. Dooling Judge C. E. McLaushlin. A. T.
VoE-elsarg. J. W. Preston, R. L. Hodgrehead,
"W. I Brobeck, J. M. Cumming, E. A. Wettig,
J H Hansen J. J. Sweeney, J. P. Devlin,
\V. Gunn, Thomas Callaghan. F. T. Duhring,
C. T. Ryland. M. C. Hassett. I. D. Dockweller.
H. J. Mclsaacs, P. Boland. W. J. Hinds, P. J.
McCormick, J P. Booth. A. H. Barendt. R. P.
Trey, T F. Barry. T. J. Geary. H. B Gillls.
£*iijor Pom-ell. Thomas E. Curran. Hon IIu
Jcr.es II U Brandenstein, Gavin McNab. P.
C. Rossi C T Samuels. M. V. Samuels. W. H.
Langton. W. J. Gleason. L. Hirsch. J. A.
O'&ulHvan D. S. Dimond, H. C. Wllber. D.
A H Glanninl, T. J. Fitzpatrick. J. B. Chand
ler T. E. P-iwlieki. T. D. Riordan. J. P. Al
len J Barton Hanley, Mr. Lande. Howard
Park A B. Griffith. W. K. Erfsgs. J. J. Mc-
Donald, "n. M. Fitzgerald. A G. Maguire,
James G. Macuire.
Watson & Watson (owners)' with Cook &
Young (contractors), with C. A. Johnson (sub
contractor), architect Albert Suttcn — Lathing
end plastering, except metal lath and metal
furring for two apartment houses on NE cor
ner of Bush and Powell streets, . N 1 " 68:6, E
67 : 6 X C», E 70. S 137:6, W 137:6; $0600. •
Lincoln Sonntag (owner) with Ernest . A.
Wheeler and Seymour H. Robinson (contrac
tors), plans by ov.ner— All work except plumb
ing gas fitting, painting and varnishing,' tint
ing and Uncrusta. mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a two-story attic 'and basement
frame building (two flats), on W line of Clay
ton street. 84:6 N Of Frederick, N 25:0 by W
96:10%: $4235. . ' j iu
Virginia B. and Carlos Troyer (owners) with
W. W. Rednall (contractor and architect)— All
work for a two-story frame dwelling, on E line
of Nineteenth avenue, 225 S of H street, S 50
by 120; $2900.
Royal AVallace Cudworth (owner) with Fred
L. Hansen (contractor), architects. Salfleld &
Kohlberg — Excavation, brick, concrete, carpen
ter mill and marble work, hardware, grazing
and tinning, lathing and plastering for a two
story frame building on' N line of Green street,
68 W of Buchanan. W 30 by N 1 00; $6900. .
Roman Catholic Archbishop of - San Fran ¦
Cisco (owners) with Keatinge & Leonard (con
tractors), architect Charles J. f . Devlin — Exca
vations and concrete work and certain Iron
and granite work for a flve-story brick build
lnc on NW line of Mission street, 386 SW of
Third SW 134. NW 100, NE 30, NW GO. NE
104. SE 160; $2300.
Same owner with Val Franz (contractor),
architects same — Carpenter and house raiser's
work, hardware, glazing and tinning for same
on same; $5550.
Same owner with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architects same— One electric
freight and and one sidewalk elevator for same
on same; $2600.
Same owner with Otto Schrader (contractor),
architects same — Cast and wrought iron work
lor same on same; $1867 50. »
• Jonas Schoenfeld (owner) with H. L. Peter
sen (contractor), architects Balfleld & Kohl
berg — Excavation and concrete work for altera
tions to a 4-story brick building on SW corner
of Commercial and Sansome streets, S 60 by
W 82:6; $1050.
Builders' Contracts.
Ducas Company (corporation), lot on NE line
of Eighth avenue, 125 SE of L street, SE 105
by NE 100, lot 187, block 141. Central Park
Homestead Association :' also lot on W line -of
Pan Bruno avenue. 225 S of Dwieht street. S
25 by W 120, block- 11, Paul Tract; also lot
on W line of San Bruno avenue, . 60 N of
Olmstead street, N 50 by W 120, lot C, block
11. same; also lot on E line of Glrard street,
75 N of Olmstead. N 50 by E 120. block 11,
same; also lot on NE line of Thirty-fifth ave
nue. 75 NW of L street, NW '2&i:i, E 200::;,
£W 90:3. block 48. same; $10.
Same • to Eame, lot on W line of San Bruno
avenue. 200 S of Dwight street. S 25 by W 120,
block .11 same; also lot on E line- ot Wave
street, 550 S of Paul avenue, S 25 by E 100.
lot 39. block C. Garden Tract, Homestead As
sociation; also lot on NW line of Madrid street.
150 NE of Persia avenue, NE 50 by NW 100,
block 2S, Excelsior Homestead Association;
also lot on SE line of Naples street. 150 NE
of India avenue NE 300 by SE 100. lots 3 and
'4, block 51, some; also lot on SW line of Twen
ty-first avenue south, 100 NW of J street, NW
150 by SW 100. lots 3 and 4, block 423. South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad As
sociation: flO.
Olive Verkouteren <widow) to same, lots 10,,
108 158, 1C0 304, gift map 1; also lots 1050.
1052 1C54, gift map 2; also lot on S line of
Crt-sct-nt avenue, 46 :S E of Roscoe street. T.
23:1 by S 75, portion lots 27, 29 and 31. Holll
day Map A; also lot 37. same; also lot 7. block
06, Paul Tract; also lot 1. block 54. same; also
lot on W corner of Ware street and NE line
of San Bruno avenue. N 109:4Vi. W 76, SE
132 :C% block 7, Garden Tract Homestead-Ad
dition:'also lots 6 and 7. block 20, .University
Mound; ?10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to same,
lot 575 gift map 1; also lot 17C5. gift map 3;
also lots 12 and 13. block 8. Tract A, People's
Homestead Association; also lot on S line of
Paul avenue and NE line of San Bruno ave
nue SE 51-.1V4. E 118. N 50. W 152:8%. to
beginning, block 7, Garden Tract Homestead
Addition; also lot on NE. line of San Bruno
avenue 122:3 SE of Paul avenue, SE SO: 6=4,
E 90 N 25. W 107:4%. block 7. same; -also
lots 43 to 48. block 5. same;, also lots 19, 20.
40 and 41, block 6. same; also lots 24 to 27.
block 503 Haley purchase; also -lot on E line
of Girard street. 150 S of Dwight, S 25 by E
120, lot 9, block 11. Paul Tract Homestead;
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to same, lot on
N line of Persia avenue, 83:6 E of Mission
street E 25 by N 100, block 3, Excelsior Home
stead Association; also lot 2. block 89, same;
also lots 1 to 4, 11, 16, block 10, University
Mcund survey: also lot 14, block 11, same;
also lots 3 and 4, block 47, University Home
stead Association; also lots 16 and 17. block
35 Railroad Avenue Homestead Association:
also lot on SE corner of Silver avenue and
Goettingen street. S 59:8. E 12a N (55:25^ W
120-2 block 16, University Extension Home
stead Association; also lot 2S, block 19, Rail
road Avenue Extension Homestead Associa
tion; also lots 4 to 6. block 29, same; $10.
Same to same, lot 8. block 2, Syndicate's
first addition to San Francisco: also lot on
SE corner of Kingston and San Bruno avenues,
S 29 E 86:3, N 29:7%. W 88:814. lot 15. John
Kingston's map 2, Preclta Valley lands; also
lots 7 and 8 block 250, O'N. and H. Tract:
also let 235, block 99, Central Park Homestead
Association; also lot 110. block 140, same; also
lot 109, block 165. same; also lots 3 and 15,
block 403, South San Francisco . Homestead and
Railroad Association; also lot 31. block 10,
People's Homestead Association; $10.
DEMOCRATS MEETAT FESTAL BOARD
Asks for Resignation.
' WASHINGTON, April 12.— The Secre
tary of "the Treasury has sent a letter to
Assistant Commissioner of Immigration
McSweeney, in New York, calling for his
resignation. The secretary inclosed, the
letter of Cortelyou received by him yes
terday.
CHURCH EXILES
ERRING WOMEN
The men of the two divisions at this
port have asked permission to form a so
cial organization for the purpose of hav
ing entertainments on board ship on other
than drill nights.
The steam launch of the naval militia
has been put in first-class condition pre
paratory to cruising on the bay on Deco
ration day and firing salutes in memory
of the soldier and sailor dead. .
In a short time the men of the division
iocated at this point will be sent out in
the steam launch and be required to-prac
tice firing from a one-pounder in the bow
of the vessel at a target on Red Rock.
The corps has a membership of eighty
at this time, with prospects of increase to
104 before three months. Surveying in
struments have been secured and* will : be
used in the instruction of the men. For
the present the uniform will be the kahkl.
Target Practice for Naval Militia.
The commanding officers of batteries, in
the" First Battalion of Artillery have been
directed to instruct their men in tnat part
of the gun drill that can be taught in the
armory. In a short time the men will be
taken to some point where they can drill
with siege guns. Arrangements to that
end are now under consideration.
The engineer corps that was organized
some time since in this city*with the idea
of attaching the same to the First Infan
try Hegiment so as to form a three bat
talion organization, but which was not
recognized by the superior officer at Sac
ramento on the ground that there was no
provision of law for such an organization,
and, further, that there was no vacancy
to which the board of location could as
sign it, has determined to remain in ex
istence nevertheless. It organized perma
nently a few evenings since by electing
the following officers and "non-coms' :
Major "W". A. Disbrough. captain; Barton
Cruikshank, first lieutenant; J. B. Thom
as, secend lieutenant; L. McKinley, first
sergeant; John Wait, second sergeant,
and Waid Dwight Jr., first duty sergeant.
The corps has decided to continue as an
organization at the expense of the mem
bers in the hope that-the next Legislature
will recognize it. In the meantime the
owner of Columbia Hall, at Page and
Stanyan streets, has tendered the organi
zation the free use of a room 25x62 feet
as a meeting place and drill room' free of
charge for a number of months.
Gun Drill Instruction.
"At the election Jn Company C of the
First Infantry, N. G. C..' last' week Fran*
K. Moore was re-elected captain by unan
imous vote. This company is well known
to the public through its numerous exhi
bitions and is credited with being one of
the best drilled in this city. In the old
organization it was known as Company I,
and as such was in service in the Philip
pines with the First California Volun
teers. Captain Moore,. who is a very pop
ular member of the guard, served '- in
Light Battery A, Second Artillery, also
in Battery C of the same organization.
He was elected second lieutenant of Com
pany I, First Infantry, in April, 1S9S. The
following month he was commissioned in
the same grade in the First California. In
August following he was promoted to
tirst lieutenant in the Philippines, and in
September, 1899, was mustered out of the
United States service at the Presidio. In
June, 1901, he was commissioned captain
of Company C, and he will now have his
commission renewed. \ .
WASHINGTON, April ;12.-The House
to-day passed the bill granting a pension
to the widow of President McKinley of
$5000 a year.' .It had previously passed the
Senate and now goes to the President for
signatured ' . ¦
Although' favorable action' on the meas
ure was unanimous, an inqulrx, by Bell
of Colorado as to the precedents for such
action. led to an animated discussion. Bell
contended that many- widows., of poor sol
diers were without pensions and that Mrs.
McKinley ¦ had independent means, mak
ing a pension unnecessary. . •:«.-.'
Grosvenor of Ohio severely criticized
Bell's position. Richardson of -Tennessee
and several other : Democratic .members
spoke for the bill as in the line of .prece
dent, ' Kleberg of Texas, an ex-Confeder
ate soldier, supporting it on the ground
that President McKinley had wiped out
the last vestige of sectionalism.
The day was devoted to private pension
bills, 177 being passed.
Engineer Corps Permanently
Organizes, Though Un
recognized.
Bell of Colorado Objects
and /is Severely Criti
. ciz9d. "
Frank Moore Is Elected
Head of Company
c,n. a c.
Bill, Providing for Mrs.
McKinley Goes to
President.; \,
LUZON VETERAN
CHOSEN CAPTAIN
HOUSE FAVORS
HER PENSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SUNDAYi APRIL 13, 1902.
34
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
"An Unqualified Hit!"
THAT IS THE .VERDICT OF ALL WHO
HAVE HEARD THE GREAT
ALICE NEILSEN OPERA,
i * J|& jBhL ,JB» r%i
: Written by SMITH and HERBERT.
SURPASSING. ALL PREVIOUS EFFORTS.
See the BEAUTIFUL CORYPHEES. DASH-
ING HUSSARS. BAND OF GYPSIES,
And the FINEST CAST OF SINGERS IN
THIS COUNTRY!
NEVER BEFORE SEEN AT THESE
POPULAR PRICES— 23c, 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9. >
jPtlft 8 i BISlIl $0% 1 H SM FHADClSCtT)
y U Li II BWi ii I «'¦ LEADING THEATOf
Beglnnlnar MONDAY.
To-Morrow, /u^' 1 7*r JJ^ x 9
SECOND WEEK.
Lfs. WmLARO
0 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY;
First Time Here of the Comedy,
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY"
1] By J. M. Barrie, author of "TJia tittle Minister." '
Of the Play Alan Dale said: "It is a gem."
o ¦¦¦¦:•.:•* ".'¦¦ "It Is aomethlns new." - _,
April .21— Last Week of E. S. WILLARD.
' 'DAVID GARRICK." i ' 'TO.M PINCH,' ' Etc.
. Seall— $Jt.O0, $1.50, $1.00, 75c. BOc, 25c.
Bslasco & Thall. Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
_ : \-:\ TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
David Belasco's Famous Japanese Tragedy,
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by Augustln Daly's Superb Comedy,
IHii GRtiA'f MJAKmOWM:-'-
PRICES— 15c, 25c,' 35c. 50c "and 75c.
TO-MORROW EV'G. — Broadhurst's Greatest
: .'.;¦.'. Laughing Success,
WHY StoiTH LUFi' HOME.
'. AN AVALANCHE : OF FUN. ¦
A Laugh. in Every Word. '. .
A SCREAM IN EVERY- LINE.
1 FISCHER'S theaterJ
.O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
. . :'. Telephone Main 231. . .
¦";. WHAT DID :WE TELL YOU.
: SECOND WEEK '; BEGINS MONDAY. •
'" -Nothing Like It Ever, Anywhere. ...
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
A Veritable Sensation. The -Whole- City It
Still Shaking With Laughter. ;
a- KOLB; DILL, BERNARD, AMBER,
BL.* KE, COLEMAN, KELLAR. and the Great
Chorus Scored From . First . to ; Last "Hits, Hit3
and HitB." -¦ Get Your . Seats- a AVeek \ Ahead.
Presented in : a Most Sumptuous Manner. Mat-
intes; Saturday -and' Sunday. Reserved : Seats.
25c. and 50c at : Night. . Matinees," 25c to Any
Place. Children' at Matinees. 10c. . .
DR. HALL 'S.REIN YlGORATORSraEWi
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five »?E^TS&9
hundred reward for any case we [&i£3 <Eu*R
cannot - cure.-. This :". secret rem- H ¦.-•¦:> ¦ H
edy cures Emissions, Impotency. fsSSSi B5JS
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, ifs*ffl fTTTrJl
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- Whi ihori
hood : and : all ~ other wasting , ef- 1 HH_ra|
fectB of self-abuse or excesses. bmowBBSZSi
Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, ?5: guaranteed
to 'cure any - case, i Call ' or • address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 835 Broad-
way.- Oakland,'- Cal." ; Also * for sale at ; 1073 Vi
Market st., S. F. Send for free book..
Bnptnred men. women and children permanently cared In .60 days without pain or th«
Slightest lDconTfntence by the "Fidelity" ' Method. More tbto 20,000 people cured by this syo-.
torn. C*U or send for our book, which contain* a lone U«t of recent tfgtiinonUls from patieuti
who recrired this trestnient yetrg ago. The treatment is guaranteed because it Is unf ailing is
iUrc!Cltt ' <noMSXTXO*.. • ' • ' . : I
Yea or Mine member of your family may hare a Kaptor*. Every person desires to be mad*
¦trocg again, and I take It for granted that you care enough for comfort snd assured safety
sot to be en exception. I have a POSITIVK CORE, and will guarantee It In every P.uptura
that «m be reduced ac* held In the body during the'eourse of treatment. . if'
I wUl make j-oa a square bosinesa proposition — vix.: If you will call at my Office I will
examine you free of charge end state the exact amount that It will cost you to be cured. . \oa
then sien an "Article' of Agreement;" wheroln you promise to appear for treatment onccieaen
week, and then deposit the fee in some bank and obtain a "Certificate of Deposit" made payable
to vourself, end when you can st«od «uy and all n*c*a»ary tests to satisfy yourself that your cure
Is complete THEN, and not untU THEN, will the endorsed certificate be accepted in payment
for the treatment. Were yon to place J1.O00 cash on my desk before being cured It ( would not
be accepted. Xm. cannot pay until CORED. I have conducted my practice upon this plan for
the past eleven years, and hundreds have accepted the ehoYe offer, and to thl* date, there ha»
not b«B a single Instance where the money so deposited was not turned orer to me within 00
flers from the tlzae of beginning treataeat. ••'.'•¦¦„ . '}'"'. ; ' ' ,. •
I am tt«- Oririn»t.-)r cf Ui'.s Core, and have Instructed several hundred physicians, who are now
eona-oticr Offia-s in «U parts of the United States, and all treat their patients upon tho eanie
pUn." There. ii not another Poct;or, pr. Cffmblnatloa of doctors, or medictl Institute that will maka
GEO. D. COE, M. D., 26^ Kearny etreet. San Francisco.
¦•—-.^ * . _ . C. B. HOWARD, Business Manager. .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' 5^ m Steamers leave Broadway
M^~. ' Wharf, San Francisco:
S^Sfefi: For Ketchikan, Juneau,
l£Sts£«ki, Skaguay, etc., Alaska— 11
fsPVSEiSKi *¦ m- April 18, 21. 26. May
; cK^grSi^Qa *• Change to company's
I f5SH?i5U3ftl steamers at Seattle.
: P^SkSSSK** For Victoria, Vancouver."
"*¦ "'^"WMral Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
e -*Sl| coma, Everett New WTiat-
com— 11 a. m.7 April 16, 21. 26, May 1. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
April 12.il7. 22. 27. May 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Spokane, Sundays. 0 a. m.
¦State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
¦ For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara; Santa Crua, Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucoa. San Luis Oblapo
(via 'Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport (*Santa Cruz only).
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. April 12, 20, 2S. May 6.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m. (freight only), April 18,
**4 •
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or
Battling dates.
TTOKTT OTTICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco. -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
LEAVE PRATTLE.
SENATOR JXTSTB t
VALENCIA JUN3 t
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31, re-
spectively, connect with above stsamers. Tha
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates aad
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oenl. Agent*,
• 10 Market st., San Francisco, i
O.R.& N. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All /
Points East. Through Tickets to All '
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Msals.
SS COLUMBLX Sails... April 13. 23. May 3, 13
SS. GEO. W.'ELDER Sails . -
....April 8. 18. 2S. May *
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. 3. P.
llO:6illlfcL<ft JkOL ZEALAND «no SYOHET,
T* DlfiECIUNETOTAMTt
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu "
; Saturday, April 19. 2 p. m.
SS.' SONOMA. -for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney... Thurs., May 1. 10 a. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..,.. ..V.-c:
.....;*.. ...Sunday,. May 4, 10 a. m.
I. P. speeciels & BROS. CO., General um, 329 Mamr
Bsn'l Pass. Office, 643 Hariret si, Pier So. 7. Pacilc st,
PANAMA R.R.^r
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll .Sails Thursday, May 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday. May 10
From Howard-street "Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p.m.
Freight and Passensrer Office. . 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
/% Tvnra-FtxgTA.Tg ZjZIUS.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. Paul-.Apl. 23, 10«imjPhiladel..May 7, 10 am
St. Louis.. ApI.JJ0.10 ac- ISt t Paul.May 14, 10 am
NEW TORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kensington.Ap.23, noon lFrtesland.. May 7. noon
Zeeland...Apr. 30, noonlSouthwk..May 14 nooa
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYI..OR.Q.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
COMPAQNIS GSNERALE TRAKSATLANTlQnS.
D1KKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of -dffvOS?*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. aSSi^SSI
North River,* foot of Morton street. :
First class to Havre. JTu and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI &CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FoirtlTliA^^
Steamers GEN. ?RISBIE or MOSTICEUO
9:15 a. m.. 2:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sua-
day.' Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30. noon. S p. m.. exo«p:
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Far* 5u
cents. : Telephone Main 1508. ' Landing ¦ and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
UNION COURSING PARK
JNO. GRACE. Jndge; JA3. T. GRACE, Blippar.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY ,- - - - APRIL 13
THREE
Notable Coursing
Events!
OPEN, RESERVE,
and
SPECIAL STAKES
128 — NOMINATIONS— 128
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, 10:15
a. m., 11 a, m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after tha last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes, j . -¦» -
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
illl^ RAGING
*!§p^*^ i s5^ Every Week Day-
tfi^ Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. - .
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
jerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race. "
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
- CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
OCEAN THAVEL.
Ifcfcfcte.. NOME
1 \\\ SS. PORTLAND
\U "WILL BAIL TOR
NOME direct
Leaving San Francisco .....April ISrth
Leaving Seattle .April 26th
iStopping at Unalaska only long enough to coal.)
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO,;
CIS Market st.. Saa Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Pu*«t
Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash. .
TOYO IM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COXt-
ner First and Brannan streets at 1 p m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calltpg at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day or
tailing.
ES. HONGKONG MARU
'..-• • Tuesday. April 13th. 1302
SS. NIPPON MARU..... Friday. May »th! 1WJ
SS. AMERICA MARU ...............
¦ ...........:.. ..Wednesday. June ' 4th.* 1903
Round-trip tickets at ' reduced rates. 'For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H.-AVBRY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia, Sud Americana da Vaporas
To^ Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10,:12.m.
A STEAMER. .Apr. —(PALENA ...... .May SI
GUATEMALA. .May 10'COLOMBIA . . . .June 21
! These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street. -
DALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO... Gen. Agents.
XT AMJ7;- : ?• A. T. &T. Co.'s
Vi V/JlilJ • 'Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
Sails from Seattle about.. ......June 1st
: San Francisco , passengers and freight trans-
ferred free to SeatUe.aMtfMSWRHMkHHnBi
•Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE, Agents.
<¦ ¦ 630 Market St.. S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS..
Enormous Gain in Importation^
during 1901 of
Champagne
'Over a Quarter of a Million
Or, more accurately, and increase of 252,432
bottles over the year 1900, equal to more
than 100 per cent of the combined increase
of all the other Champagne houses.— Ex-
tract from Bonforfs Wine and Spirit
Circular, January 10, 1902.
"WfflTErSEAU"and BRUT IMPERIAL
Of the celebrated vintage of 1893. : Pro-
nounced by the Bon-Yivant and Connoisseur
the Acme of Perfection. Drv, Delicate, De-
licious;
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.
2J6-2I8 Mission St., S.F. . Pacific Coast Aflents
P*lJn/*»A Desirable location,
1 did VV unsurpassed cuisine,
. u n« q u ale d : ser-
51 fin v - ce • am * • modern
-.dllU : , conveniences are the
attributes that have.
Iff <ifl /I made these two ho-
lllUllU tels popular with
tourists and travel-,
H A f d\ C er8 who "^^ San
11(1 Iwlb Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT- OP
"QISMONDA."
Beginning TO-MORROW; (MONDAY) EVEN-
• t . , ING,
Last Week but One of Our $1000 Star, ;
. MELBOURNE MACDOWELL,
Supported by FIX5RENCE STONE, -In Sardou's
. Society Drama. - t
"FEDORA."
POPULAR PRICES...... 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75s
, Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Tfl MJfl»T > and All Week. ,
Ili-nllUIi I, Farewell Times/
Of the Grandest, Biggest and Best: Show- In
WiLLIAMSi WALKER
And Their O*n company,' In
THE SONS OF HAM.
Next-^Monday, • April 21,
Mr. James Neil! and His Company.
. SUBSCRIBERS' SEATS READY. V
SINGLE SEATS— THURSDAY.
r .'¦¦'¦ MATINEE TO-DAY, 10c, 15c,, 23c:
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME— THE BIG • HIT,
THE LAND
OF THE LIVING.
PDIfPS Evenings.... .....10c t) 50c
fftlvEJ Matinees.. .:."........ .10c, 15c, 25c
TO-MORROW EV'G. — Elaborate Production of
the Latter- Day Melodrama, THE .' ;'
DANGERS OF A GREAT CITY/
-¦ Stirring IncldentsV-Side-Splittin^^ Comedy.
. DON'T-FAIL TO SEE IT.
rnliliiL ¦DLUUIVIriLLU
ZEISLER
PIANIST.
At METROPOLITAN HALL.:
NEXT TUESDAY AND THURSDAY NIGHTS,
:. April 16 and 17. ; V-5
NEXT WEDNESDAY AND \ ¦ SATURDAY
V- AFTERNOONS. 'April 16 and \ 19. ; '- *
: Seats 76c.r$1.00/ J1.50,'?2.00. "; Now selling' at
Sherman. Clay -&, Co.' s. ' :
Oakland Concert Next Friday Night, April 18.
HBEBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBHaEaBBBDBBBrKIB&BaBBiiag
| Great Demonstration |
I LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS FOR THE MASSES j
1 At Prices That Surprise and Please. |
¦ -'¦¦¦-¦'¦¦'¦. ¦¦"-.¦¦¦ '; ' •'¦ ' ' .'' ? ' - ' I
| WHOLESALE PRICES. |
| $25.O0 and $22.50 Tailor Suits at $1T.5O ¦
1 NAVY, BLACK AND BROWN VENETIAN SUITS. Gibson effect g
B jacket and skirt fancy trimmed; value $22.50; at , $17.50 g
S "TAN VENETIAN TAILOR SUITS, box effect, new skirt. with^4 H
g graduating flounces lined with amisilk; value $25.00; at..".'.?17.5O. g
Bl Extra quality OXFORD AND BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, improved g
Eton* jacket and skirt tastefully trimmed; value $25.00; at.. ..$17.50 H
B NEW TOURIST SUITS in the most fashionable shades of gray, tan and Q
H brown, correct tailoringr. graceful hanging ¦'' skirt; the materialin g
S these suits is of extraordinary quality; full value $20.00; our price H
g $15.00 ¦
B Extra quality BLACK AND NAVY CHEVIOT TAILOR SUITS, gj
H the season's newest creations, by far the most stylish and attractive B
garment, jacketed skirt richly trimmed, an excellent $25.00 suit: Hj
m our price .................. ..V...................... ?20.O0 g
[Short Jackets. |
H #?• ¦ M
§ With jaunty dip front, new shades of standard quality covert cloth, silk- B
a lined throughout, at $7.50, $8.50 and ?1O.OO. g
«! }¦'¦ ¦S ' ¦* m. R K\. ' VJ C4L JL JL JL JL W* JL JL L- *Z7 • - **
B Long and. short coats of Peau de Soie, Taffeta and Moire, at our well- H
g : known POPULAR PRICES. |
I 1230-1232-1234 MABKET STREET. ||
iHgHBBBBHBHBaBBBHHBBBHHtlHBBBBBHaBHBBBBBBBaBBBl
9 Operated In Conjunction "Wit£ the •
O Orpheum Theater, New Orleans^ ©
A Orpheum Theater, Los Angeles. Q
©Orpheum Theater. Kansas City. q
Orpheum Theater. Omaha. • J:
© Columbia Theater. St. Louis. W
© Columbia Theater. Cincinnati. ©
© Grand Opera-house, Indianapolis. ©
A Chicago Opera-house, Chicaga a
5? Olympic Theater, Chicago. ;£
© Haymarket Theater. Chicago. *jj
$ Week Commencing THIS AFTElt- g
O NOON, April 13. 9
|new^show!|
I The IVfortons, I
§ Sam, Kittle and Clara. Premier En- ®
© _ tertainers. - S3
1 Bal!et--8S
© Direct From the Empire Theater. ©
9 London. 9
© — >-^-^--s^^
S Banks and |
| Winona Winter^ 8
© Vocalists and Conversationalists. 2
IPetching §
I Brothers, S
I • Novelty Musical Artists.
S Christine Towle, |
A The Renowned Operatic Singer. &
| James ii Culien, g
A Monolbsrist and Parodist. ©
8 The Clipper 8
0 yUui L'CLl.C, O
© Humorists and Vocalists. - ©
ft -v^- ->-^-^w^ ©
q THE EUOCftAPH, Q
• "With New Views. Including the Golden A
_ Gate and Vernal Falls. Yosemite t m
9 Valley. J
Q . Farewell Week of O
I MarieWainwright §
¦ a Ana ComDany. Presentine "JO- ft
j 2? SEPHINE AND NAPOLEON." q
9 Parquet. 25c. any seat; Balcony, 10c; 5
© Children 10c. any part except reserved. ©
a . A few front orchestra rows reserved. ©
Z 5Oc; front rows of balcony, reserved, e*,
8 «•• S
O00000S3O30003SD0®0999
* Dry Goods -^^^^ Gompany.
COLORED DRESS FABRICS.
These New Dress Materials are not hackneyed, «
i cheap-made stuffs to sell for a small price, but high- »
$ class weaves in seasonable colors at great values. g
| seasonable color?. SILK AND WOOL CREPE DE PARIS—
< IVORY, A dainty, soft, clingingr fabric suit- «A QQ. »
I CHAMPAGNE. abie tor tucking, suit T.. *D»VU »
BEICE * castor. ALL-WOOL FRENCH VOILE— . |
MODE, The new material in openwork to CA QQ ;f
HAVANNA show the underlining .pv.vv ??
artichok^ " ALL-WOOL PANNE UINE-
««i^Kt<-»tvfc-T"T-c- ' An entirely new camel's hair and sacking >
MIGNONETTE. finish for deml-tallored dresses, *7 RfJ- <
"SILVER. suit •?«••>¥ 5
NICKEU . cloud. SILK AND WOOL CRYSTAL CREPE AND GREPiLLE— j
TURQUOISE, _ Extremely dressy suitings for-the <7 KQ ?
NATIONAL street or home wear.... «pf.»*v y
HO hIuo'trope' SILK AND W00L CREPE OiRECTOIRE—
.,..„..,., ' In this season's very latest soft and most (
AMERICAN fashionable clinging materlal.wlth C17 tn «
< BEAUTY. brilliant sheen .7..... .-......-. JW.W 45
AN UNUSUAL SPECIAL.
ALL-WOOL SACKING MELANGE, the new mixture for deml- S
tailored garments now shown for the first time with *A QQ s)
pride as a great value, suit •••• •j» w « v * «
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 1
Geary and Stociioa Streets, Union Square. — \i
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.Exchange and Bullion.
. New York Exchange is higher.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Cables. .Bight..... ..... — -4 88%
Sterling Cables -.'.... -y....:.... — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight... .. — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — -. . 17%
Silver,'', per ounce .... ."."".". . r; . . . . {,; : : ¦' '. 5-334
Mexican Dollars, nominal... ... — -46U,
"Wheat and. Other Grains.
i WHEAT— Foreign futures : were . higher- and
the European markets were generally^ Brm. .*. :.,
.':' Bradstreet's 'gave the" exports, from. 4 July 1 to
date an Increase of 40,384,000 bushels over the
eame time Jast year. ¦¦.-...¦¦•• '..:•• . ,. _ .. :
According to the report of Bol ton, de Ruyter
& Co. from Chicago that market had a" queer
experience on Friday. ; Chicago sold on the tra
dition that. the market always breaks after, the
Government ?. report.' *\ This . blind • worship f of a
tradition, , as - -a - Chicago house ¦:¦ styled ¦ It, * Just
suited St. ' Louis, which took ¦ all . that ¦ Chicago
sold,' and took so much that the market turned
LOCAL MARKETS;
New York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. April i 12. — Consols, I 04 15-16; sil
ver, 24 ll-10d; French rentes. lOOf 02%c; .wheat
cargoes ' on passage, '. more inquiry; ; cargoes No.
1 standard California,.' 23%d; cargoes "Walla
Walla, -2S ) /.d; English ' country markets, firm;
Indian shipments of wheat to the Unlted\Klng
dom. 12,000 ctls; Indian shipments of wheat
to the Continent, none." •
LIVERPOOL. April 12. — Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California, 7 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat In
Paris steady: flour in Paris, steady; weather
in England, fair but cloudy.
COTTON — Uplands, 5 l-16d. - - . •
Foreign \ Markets.
WASHINGTON. •
TACOMA.- April 12.— Wheat— %c higher;
BiueBtem, C4%c; Club. 63% c. V:. . /
PORTLAND.. April 12. — Wheat — Walla Wal
la. 63<G 64c; Bluestem. 04@65c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows-
Available cash balance, $178,450,312; gold, $94,
016,434. ¦ . '
Condition of the Treasury.
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK, April 12. — ThA imports of dry
goods and merchandise ¦ at the port of -New
Ycrk for this week were valued at $1O.S'*.8.918:
exports of specie from this port to all coun
tries for this week aggregate $543,772 in sil
ver and $2,583,680 gold.
The imports pf specie this week were $117,720
gold and $50,002 silver. , ... .- ,
Exports and Imports.
., N:w York Lot. 0 1 (Market.
NEW YORK, April 12. — Cotton futures
closed net 4. to 5 points lower. r ;
NEW YORK, April 12. — The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
"There was more talk than actual business
In the market to-day. The Cabinet met on
urgent summons. This gave rise to divergent
rumors, some reporting' a Cabinet .crisis, and
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach wanted to raise the
income tax and Joseph Chamberlain insisted en
a fresh war lean, threatening his resignation
unless his plan was adopted. The latest ru
mor is that the Bank of England representa
tives have been in conference with the Chan
cellor of the Exchequer. This, if true, sug
gests a new loan, but all are awaiting the of
ficial confirmation of such a step. Americans
were generally above parity, but Louisville and
Nashville was under, with apparently free
dealings. Rto Tlntos were % up, on the rise
in Amalgamated. Copper." / -
LONDON. April 12.— HOPS— Pacific Coast,
firm, £3 5s<3£4 5s.
London Market.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany j quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags : Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.60c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.23c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags- only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A... 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3.55c:
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 6O0 more; 50-lb bags. 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes.
Cc per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coat Oil. In bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c: Astral 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra Star, -24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
£2e: deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. lA%o;
in cases. 22c; Benzine, in bulk. 14%c; in cases.
21c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cades
2(i%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
Glc in drums and iron barrels.
OIL — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
76c: raw. 74s; cases. 5c more: Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 64c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57%@6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
C5c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; .Fish Oil. barrels. 42%c; cases. 47%c; Co
coanut OU. barrels. U3%c for Ceylpn and 5S%c
for Australian. . ¦ -.*,•-¦
' COAL — Wellington, . . $9 per ton ; Eouthfield
.Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $0 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $8; Walls
end, $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton.
according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c;,San
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32®35e; FIeec«
Twine. 7%fiSc. ' ' '- ' ;
General Merchandise.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday:
lirht northerly winds, changing to freeh west
erly in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Fair Sunday, with I fog
along the coast in the morn!ng; light westerly
winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; continued warm
weather; light northerly winds.
Northern California — Fair Sunday; light
northerly winds; .continued warm weather in
the interior.
With the exception of a trace of rainfall at
Eureka there has been no rala west of the
Rocky Mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 13, 19C2:
The pressure has risen over the northern half
of the Pacific slope and has fallen slowly along
the coast cf California. A moderate depres
sion overlies the valley of the Colorado.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
NEW YORK, April 12.— To-day's metal
markets were quiet all around, a few buyers
looking for some lots for which they paid mar
ket prices and the general run of the market
showed a steady undertone. Spot tin was
quoted at $27 70@27 75. Copper closed with
lake at 12@12%c; : electrolytic, 12%c; casting
at 12c. ¦ '.-¦». . .
Lead held firm at $4 12% and spelter at
J4 50. ' ¦¦¦.'-'• -' : „
Iron was 6tcady.
New York Mital CMarhzi,
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., April 12.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1C0. Steady. Natives. $5 50@7;' cows
and heifers. . $1 25@(J 50; veals, $2 30<24 75;
stackers and feeders. $2@5 35^
HOGS— Receipts. 3700; 5©10c higher. Light
and" light, mixed. $6 8507 05: medium and
heavy. $7@7 25: pigs, $4 50<B3 70. ¦
SHEEP— Receipts. 550. Steady. Western
lambs,. $6@C 70; Westerns. $4 50@6.
I CHICAGO, April 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. - Nominal. ' Good to prime steers. $6 60@
7 35; ; poor to; medium. $4 50®6 50: stockeH
and v< feeders. $2 50@5 25; cows, $1 50®5 60;
heifers, $2 50@6; canners. %1 50@2 40; -bulls,
$C 50(g5 50; calves, $2 50@6; Texas fed steers,
$5 2r@C 25. •
. HOGS— Receipts, 0000: Monday. 24.000; left
over. 2000. Strong. 5@10c higher. Mixed and
butchers. $6 60@7 25; good to choice heavy.
$7 2('®7 30; rough heavy. $f 85(^7 10; light.
Z1 8G@-fl.95; bulk of sales, $6 05@7 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wetliers, $5 250:5 90;
fair to choice mixed. $4 50*15 40; Western
sheep and yearlings, $4 50@5 00; native lambs,
$4 75@C S5; Western lambs. $5 25@6 75.
Eastern Livestock- Market.
¦ Accumulating stocks and large receipts make
Buttsr very weak >; and further • reductions In
quotations are expected on ¦ Monday. The
northern steamers ': are still taking out more
or less, ' but . the shipments are diminishing.
Dealers hope that a further decline will en
able them to pack freely 'and thus relieve the
market of Its surplus ; and at the same time
result in continued crdsrs • for the north. Re
ceipts' last week were 54G boxes more than
during the pre vioua '. week.
-.i Cheese Is no lower, but the market Is liber
ally supplied and weak. .
¦As far as quotations are • concerned - Eggs
stand the 'same, > but like the other two dairy
products they, are weak, with holders making
concessions to effect sales. Supplies are too
large. ! Competition among country buyers for
storage keeps the market from breaking still
lower. - . ¦ ' ' ¦
• Receipts were 49,300 -pounds: and. 33 tubs of
Butter, 1 2088 cases , of Eggs, 4:i30 ' : pounds of
California; Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦¦.¦•¦ ¦ • • ¦ ¦ - .
BUTTER — Creamery. . 19c per, pound . for
fancy, 17@18c for firsts and. — -for. seconds;
dairy, 15@17%c; store Butter, 15c per pound.
CHEESE— New. DiftflOc; old. U&llc; Young
America, 8@10e; Eastern. 13<&15c per pound;
EGGS— Ranch. 13%@15c ;: store, 12-%@13c per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. '
Longworth Strawberries from Palo Alto sold
. at 75c®$l 25 and ' Mallndas_ from Watsonvllle
at : 50@75c ; per = drawer. .'About 7 chests were
received:' and "the. berries weie mostly in : good
condition.'- ¦ • ' 1 y-'^yyifWKy^MiiiMiinM^Bit,'
¦; High prices still ruin in the Orange market
and supplies continue light. 1 Two or three cars
are • expected coma ¦ into the open r market
to-morrow ' and 7 cars are . scheduled • for the
auction. Prices' on Lemons were unchanged
and all grades were plentiful. \Tlie first car of
Valencias ¦ to arrive: this season came- to' hand
from Palermo and .were, offering at - $2 75@3. •¦
• There -is nothing new to report . in Apples or
Bananas. ¦ ; ".-' ¦ '•-'¦'-¦•.'" ' • '=¦ •'.
¦APPLES — S2@2 25 per: box for extras. $1 £5
@1 -75 . for good j to - choice and ; 60c@$l for. or
dinary. ¦•---..-¦"'- s -- .. .. - ¦
. CITRUS ' FRUITS — Navel Oranges, ; $1@1 75
for standard. <$2©2 50 for choice and $2 50® \i
for fancy: 'extra, fancy./ $3 25: Seedlings, $lft#
175; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 75@2 50; Va
lendae, • $2 75(53 ; . Malta Blood r Oranges. "¦ $2 a>
2 50;; Tangerines," i in •' quarter, -boxes, -75c(ff$l
and '¦¦"$1:25@1 50* in . half boxes;. Lemons,
73cffi$l -, for ¦: common' and .:. $1 23@1 75. for
Butter, Cheese and 'Eggs.
One car of Eastern Poultry was received yes
terday, making the fourth for the week, and it
will be placed on the market to-morrow. Re
ceipts of local poultry were light and quotations
for all descrltplons were unchanged.
Receipts of Game were 37 sacks. Hare and
Rabbits moved off well at better prices. Geese
were dull and prices were lower.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 6U@1 75; Goslings, $2 2B»t'2 fiu; Ducks, >•>.<.»
$6 for old 'and $7@8 for young; Hend, $4 50j&
<j; young Roosters, $(> 50©7 60; old Roosters,
$4 60(t<'5: Fryers. $5 60@6; ' Broilers, $5@5 30
for large and $2@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $150
fil 75 per dozen tor old and $2@2 25 for Squab*
GAME— Hare,' $1@1 25: Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for "Brush; Gray Geese,
$2 5C®3; White Geese, 50c@$l; Brant, $1@2
per dozen; Honkers, $3<g4; English Snipe, $3;
Jack Snipe. $1 50.' . ,,; ,.
Poultry and Game.
New Potatoes were in light receipt and
cleaned up at an advance under a steady 'in
quiry. . both locally and for shipping. 4 There
were light receipts of old Potatoes, and all de
scriptions were reported steady at the quoted
rates. .•-»'¦"¦•»¦ -*¦ '-¦.-•. * *> *».»*. .» - .' .»¦¦¦
There was no change In old Onions. ( Supplies
of Green were plentiful, and large quantities of
carried-over stock 'were sold below the quota
tions.
The local demand for . new Vegetables was
brisk and. there was a steady inquiry for ship
ping. Asparagus- cleaned up at an advance and
Peas were quoted higher. Stocks of Rhubarb
were large, consisting . chiefly of carried-over
stock and the market was consequently weak.
Los Angeles vegetables showed little varia
tion.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2%@3c per lb;
old, $1 10@l 45- for Burbanks. from the river;
Oregon Burbanks. $1 45(^)1 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles ; River Reds. $1 50@l 60: Early
Rcse 'for' seed.. $1 <;0«l 70; small. Burbaulc?.
for seed, $1100135: Sweets, $175 for Merced
in sacks and $2 in crates. ,
ONIONS — Oregons, ?2@2 2o for the best and
$1 # 75@2 for lower grades: Australian, $3<&
3 75, second hands; Nevadas, $2 35; Green
Onions, 25©40c per box. . . /
VEGETABLES — Aaparagus, extra fancy,
$2 50 per bcx, $1 85@2 25 for No. 1 and $1 50®
1 75 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 35cijf$l per box; extra
fancy, $1 25; Gxeen Peas. 2%@i3c; String Beans,
from Los Angeles, S@15c, includlng-Wax; Cab
bage, 40c per ctl ; Los Angeles Tomatoes,. 75c@
Si 25 per box and $1@1 25 per crate; Mexican
Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per box, including re
packed; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb{ Los An
geles do, 13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12% @20c per
lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers 60c@?l per dozen for - small . and $1 25<8>
150 for large; Garlic, 1%@2%c: Los Angeles
Green Peppers, lt!@12%c; Mexican do, S@10c;
Egg Plant, from Lbs Angeles, 17%@20c; Sum
mer Squash, from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 50;
Marrowfat Squash, $10015 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $10@15; Mushrooms, nominal.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL. I
Wheat— May. . . . July.
Opening ,..' 0 00 5 11%
Closing 0 00 ¦ R.11%
PARIS.
Wheat — April. Sept.-Dec.
Opening £2 10 20 45
Closing 22 10 20 45
, Flour — . " J : -./-..*.•¦•
Opening 28 6f» 2'5 45
Closing ...... V...r. -.V^t8 70*--' 26 45-
AH white Beans are depressed and Pea and
small whites are still lower. ' The other de
scriptions are -quiet and unchanged. . .
BEANS — Bayos. $2 40@2 60; small White.
$1 75@2 10; large White, $2@2 25; Pea, $3@3 23;
Pink: $1 90© 2 10; Red. $2 23<$2 CO; Biackeye,
$4 5iT{|'4 75; Limas, (3 50@3 CO; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 60@2 65: Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@ll%c; California, 10@10%c; -Rape. 1%©
2 %c; Hemp. 3%e per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $1 60®2; Green. $1 50
@2; Biackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The statement of
the associated banks for the week ending to
day shows:
Loans, $900,31S,SOO; decrease, $6,841,600.
Deposits, .$937,361,400; decrease, $2,256,900.
Circulation. $30,020,000; decrease, $139,900. I
Legal tenders, $71,916,300; Increase, 81,366,
400.
Specie, $171,993,800; decrease, $1,258,400
Reserves,- $243,912,100; Increase $108,000
Reserve required, $230,340,350: decrease. SI'.
814,225.
Surplus, $4,750,000; Increase. $1,922,225 ".
The Financier eays: The official statement
cf the New York associated banks for last
week showed a net gain in cash of $108,000,
specie having decreased $1,258,400 and legal
tenders increased $1,306,400. This net gain
very nearly corresponds with that which was
estimated on the basis of the traceable move
ments of money during the week this estimate
being a gain of $292,400 by the banks. The
comparatively slight difference of $184,400 be
tween the estimated and the official gain may
be accounted for by the system of averages
which affected the interior bank movement
and the export , gold movements to Europe.
The loans showed a decrease of $6,841,600, in
dicating that there must have been consider- !
able calling in of loans by the banks, caused
by efforts to rectify their position as regards
reserves. It is noteworthy that the surplus
of the banks as shown by the statement of
April 5 was the lowest ! since November 18
1899, when the banks indicated a deficiency
of $312,025. Doubtless it was owing to this
fact that the banks generally sought, through
a reduction of loans, to restore reserves/ for
had there been an expansion in this item the '
loss of gold, which was foreshadowed early
last week and which was reflected in the re
duction of $l,2E8,4C0 specie shown by the state
ment would most likely have carried the banks
very close to the limit of 25 per cent of re
serve to deposits. There was a decrease of
$7,256,900 in deposits last week. Though the
loss of loans, less the net gain in cash, calls
for a change of $6,733,000 In this item the
difference of $523,300 may be regarded as un
important. The ¦ required reserve was reduced
to ¦ $1,714,225, consequently the net eain of
$108,000 in cash caused an increase in reserve
of $1,922,223. This item now stands at 54,
.751,750, against $7,036,200 at the corresponding
period a year ago. The deposits of public
funds in banks of this city, which will be made
during the current week, will increase the
cash reserves- and at the same time they will
diminish the drain of money into the sub
treasury, these deposits being made through
the diversion from the sub-treasury 1 into the
banks of current collections of Internal revenue.
Associated Banks' Statement.
HOGS — Live Hogs. -200 lbs and under, 6%c
for dairy and %c more- for grain fed; 200
lbs and over. C%c; feeders, 5%@6%c; sows.
20 oer cent off; boars, 60 per cent off, and
stags, 40 per cent off • from the above quot »
ttons. 1 ' ¦ . - •
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, lesa 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8%®Uc; Cows and Heifers.
7@7^c;-thin Caws, .4® 5c per lb. ....
CALVES — 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%®5c; Ewes. 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight). .,.¦*-
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%@Cc per lb llveweight; yearling*
"4%65c rer lb.
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6ffl"c per lb
VEAL-^-Large, 7%©8%c; small, 8%®10c per
P °MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@9%c; Ewes. 3@8%c
ter pound.
LAMB— Yearlings. 9«$10c per to; Spring
Lamb, 11%@12%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%®9%c per lb. , > 1
.' LIVESTOCK MARKET. " -
Hogs continue firm. The few grain fed now
arriving are bringing %c over the top quo
tation, but they are too few to cut ! much fig
ure. The quotations represent dairy Hogs,
which form the great bulk of the arrivals.
The other meats are unchanged.
There is nothing new to report.
DRESSED MEATS.
San Francisco Meat Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CC: minimum, 50; mean. 58.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern sta
tions:
Boston 50-44 Kansas City C2-40
Cincinnati 68-46 Chicago 56-38
Philadelphia 70-46 Duluth 44-3S
Jacksonville . ,. . .84-CO St. Lcuis 64-44
New York C2-44 Salt Laxe City...58-3S
Washington 68-40. Omaha tiO-36
There is nothing .new in any description,
though Bran is quoted very firm, with possi
bilities of an advance. Hay is easy, with plen
ty cominsr in.
•BRAN — $16 50@17 per ton. !
MIDDLINGS— $19 60@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; Jobbing,
$2« 50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
S29@29 50: Cracked Corn. $29 50<fl30; Mixed
Feed. $16:317; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$S 50011; Oat. $S@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 60®8 60; Stock. $6@8
per ton. , ¦ ¦-.
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Last This Last
Stations — . 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 46.58 44. 6R
Ited Bluff 00 29.71 22. 6S
Facrarnento 00 16. 38 17.60
fen Francisco 00 L 17.36 IS. 99
Fresno 00 <j.4O 10.09
Independence 00 4.23 5.81
Ean Luis Oblspo 00 21.18 27.87
Lcs Anjreles OO 10.44 14.18
Ean Diego 00 5.85 10.65
. "AH markets un-ler this head remain as pre
viously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. lu%c: medium. »®»%c; light, 8©s%c;
Cow Hides. »o lor heavy and S^8%c for llgnt:
Stags. ti@6%c; Salted Kip, 8®8%c; Salted Veal.
P@9%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls
14c: Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c
each; short Wool. 35@60c each; medium. 65@
75c; long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horsj Hides,
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 60 fcr me
dium.- $1 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for Urge. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican.
25c; dry Central American. 32%c. Goat Skins
— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium; 35c.
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@8c per lb;
No 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c
WOOL, — Spring — Northern free, l-i@16c; do,
defective, 13@14c: Middle county free, 13@15i;
do defective 12@13c; Southern, 12 months.
9@10c; do, 7 "months, 9@llc; Foothill, 11013c;
Nevada. 12015c Der lb. ' :„¦•;¦_•-,
HOPS — ll®12c for fair and 12%®14c per
lb for good to choice, first hands.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade : Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flcur. $3: Rye Meal.
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 26; Buckwheat Flour. $4 50@4 75: Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; In
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. ?5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas,. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers'. Extras, $3 40@3 50:
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' : Washington Bakers', $3
03 50. ¦
Flour and Millstuffs.
¦ Cash quotations were as follows : , Flour,
firm; winter patents, $3 70@3 90; clears. $3@
3 40; spring specials. '¦ $4; patents. $3 20@3 50:
straights, $2 75@3; No. 3 spring wheat, 69@
72%c; No. 2 red, 70@80%c: No. 2 oats, 42%#
42%c; No. 2 white, 44%@45c; No. 3 white,
43%c; No. 2 rye, 57@57%c; fair to choice malt
ing barley, 61@67c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 65%; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 76; prime timothy seed,
$(190; mess pork, per barrel, • $16 70@16 75:
lard, per 100 pounds. $9 75@9 77%; short-ribs
sides (loose). $9@9 10; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7 60@7 62%; short telear sides (boxed) ;
fu 40@D 45; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, ?7 90. .
Articles — . «\ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000 22,000
Wheat, bushels ........... 2S.000 1D2.000
Corn, bushels 01.000 127.000
Oats, bushels ...... ...141,000 187.000
Rye. bushels .„ l.OCO 8,000
Barley, bushel* 32.000 ¦ 3.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; ..creamery. 24@29c; . dairy,
24#27c. Cheese, steady, 12@13<r. Eggs, easy;
fresh, 14%c. ,; -^ ¦ :
Articles— Open. . High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — .
May 72% 73% 72% 73%
July 73% 74% 73% 74
September ....." 73 73% 72% * 72%
Corn No. 2 — ¦
May »9% 61% 59% - 61%
July 60% 61% 60 61%:
September 50% 60% 60% 60%
Oats No.. 2— •
May 42% 42>,i , 41% 42
July.... 3454 35 34% 34%
September 29% ¦ 30% 29% : , 30%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 10 70 16 77% 16 65 16 77%
July 16 82% 17 00 16 82% 16 07%
Lard, per 100 pounds — ** ;
May .^ 9 67% 9 77% 9 67% 9 77%
July..... 9 SO -9 87% 0 77% 9 87%
September 0 87% 0 05 9 87% 9 Kfcw
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 8 97% 8 97%; 8 97% 8 97%
July 0 12% 922% 9 12% 9 22%
September ..... 0 22% 9 32% 9 22% 9 32%
Bank Clearings.
Local bar.k clearing* during the past week
••ere $25,328,123, against $21,532,416 during the
t-atse wetk last year.
the parties in interest as to the actual condi
tions existing in the stock added to the un
certainty. The plausible theory advanced was
that advantage had been taken of the strength
of the stock to market the newly authorized in
crease cf $5,000,000 of stock. The formality
of application and listing of a new stock issue
on the Stock Exchange requires about a
month's time. Meantime the new stock is not
a good delivery against pales made on the
Stock Exchange. It was supposed that the
bpeculative pool in the stock had discovered
this technical short interest In the market, and.
by forcing up the price, was compelling the
delivery of stock held for control, thus threat
ening the absorption of the control. The an
nounced purpose to apply a portion of the
new Etock issue to the purchase of the Atlanta,
Knoxville and Northern revealed an incursion
into the territory of the Southern Railway
Company. There were conjectures that control,
of a road into Chicago running north of the
Ohio River also was sought. Coupled with the
enormous dealings in the stock, these facts and
surmises gave color to the supposition of a
contest for control, and the activity and
strength in Southern Railway, as though in
sympathy, seemed a corroboration. The an
nouncement of the purchase of the Choctaw,
Oklahoma and Gulf and the supposition that
It was in the Interest of the Rock Island was
additional incentive to credulity In the pro
gress of plans for extension of community of
interest' and strengthening of position by exist
ing railroad systems, by control of outlets and
extension. The activity and strength of the
Gould stocks were supposed to be due to the
progress of plans .for completing the system's
outlet to the Atlantic coast. It is a matter
of observation that practically all of the rail
road construction of the present era of indus
trial activity is devoted to extension and
strengthening of existing systems rather than
to the formation of new systems. It is argued
that this tends to insure against rivalry and
destructive competition. The postponement of
the British budget statement defers the clear
ing up of the foreign money situation. The
announcement on good authority that Russia
will seek no further loan in Europe this year
removes an apprehension that the recent loan
placed in Germany, Belgium and Holland was
merely preliminary to a large Russian loan to
be floated.
The speculation In stocks has been supple
mented by an active buying of come of the
low grade- speculative bonds, on which Interest
payments are contingent at sharp advance in
price.
United States 2s and "old 4s registered ad
vanced % and the 5s 1 per cent.
Sales. 'High. Low. Close.
Atchison 4,500 79% 79% 79%
Atchison pfd COO 98% 97% 97%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 16,600 107% 106% 10^4
Bait & Ohio pfd... 06
Canadian Pacific... 16,100 120 11636 111*
Canada Southern. .. .....-..'... '¦ 87%
Chesapeake & Ohio 200 46% 46% 4«vi
Chicago & Alton... 200 36% 36% 30%
Chic & Alton pfd 7G%
Chic, Ind & Louis. "1,400 59 68 , T<8
Chic, Ind & L pfd. 100 78 78 78%
Chic & East III 1,400 1(59% 160, 168%
Chic & Great West 300 24% 24 24%
Chic & G W A pfd 87
Chic & G W B pfd 46»i
Chic, R I & Pac... 300 175 174% I"i4%
Chic Ter & Trans... 600 20 19% 10«i
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 1,000 37% 37% .17%
C C C A St Louis ...102%
Colorado Southern. 1.800 30 28 29%
Colo South 1st pfd. 700 74% 73% 73*-4
Colo South 2d pfd. 5,700 45% 44% 45%
Dela & Hudson 170%
Dela, Lack & West 281
Denver & R G 200 43% 43% 43%
Denver & R G pfd 91 %
Erie 5,000 37% 36% 36%:
Erie 1st pfd 700 68% 68% 6b%
Erie 2d pfd 960 54 -63% 54
Great Northern pfd 100 185 185 184%
Hocking Valley fil%
Hocking Valley pfd 400 91% 91 91
Illinois Central.... 9,500 143 112% 143
Iowa Central 700 4S% 48 48
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 85 £5 $4%
L E & Western fi8
L E & Western pfd . 128
Louisville & Nash. 43,100 122% 118 119%
Manhattan L 700 133% 133 133%
Metropolitan St Ry 4,700 153 150 132
Mexican Central... 7,600 31 30% 30%
Mexican National.. 400 19% 19% 19%
Minn & Et Louis.. 200 103% 109% 109
Missouri Pacific... 1.900 101% 100% 301%
Mo. Kan & Tex... 200. 23 25 24%.
Mo, Kan & Tex pfd 100 55 55 55
New Jersey Central 100 190 190 189
New York Central. 1.000 .163 1«2% 1C2%
Norfolk & Western 2,600 57 56%
Norfolk & Wes pfd $>0
Ontario & Western 500 32H 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 3,950 150% 150 ¦ 150%
Reading £0,000 58% 57% 57%
Reading 1st pfd... 800 82% S2% ts2%
Reading *2d pfd 3,300 69 63% 08%
St Louis & S F 300 70% 70% 70%
St L & S F 1st pfd ' 83
6t L & 6 F 2d pfd 400 74 73% 73%
St L Southwestern 700 28% 28% 28
St L Southwest pfd 1.500 62 61% 01%
lit Paul 8,100 168% 167% 107%
Et Paul pfd 191%
Southern Pacific... 10,500 C6% 66% 06%
Southern Railway. 13,800 .'14% 34% . bi%
fcouth Railway pfd 1,900 95% 95% • :»5%
Texas & Pacific S00 41% 41% 41%
Toledo. S L & Wes 100 20% 20% '21
T. St L & W pfd.. COO 30% . 38% 88%
Union Pacific .. 15,100 101% 101% 101%
Union Pacific p'fd.. S00 88 87% 87%
Wabash 1,500 -24 ' 23% 23%
Wabash pfd ....... 600. 44% 44 44U.
Wheeling & L E... 500 20% 20% 20%
W & L E 2d pfd.. 500 ,T3% S3 32%
WIs Central 200 24% 24 24
Wis Cent pfd 400 47% • 47% 47%
Express Companies — <
Adams 203
American 230
United States ..... 2,400 120 120 121
Weils Fargo 100 2C8 206 206
Miscellaneous —
Amai Copper 17.800 67% e5% 66
Am Car & Foundry 1,200 28% 28% 283i
Am Car & Fdry pfd 89
Am Linseed OU 100 23 23 22%
Am Linseed Oil pfd .... 49
Am Locomotive .'.. 2.200 33% 31% -33%
Am Loco pfd:.... 93%
Am Smelt & Ref 46%
Am Smelt & R pfd 100 97% 07% 97
Anaconda Mng Co 114
Brooklyn Rap Tr. . 700 65% 65 6t T 4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.200 97% 97% 97%
Consolidated Gas... 000 225% 224 224%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 100 120 120 120
General Electric ... 400 331 329% 331
Hocking Coal . 300 21% 21% 21W
International Pap.. .... 21
International P pfd ,. 74%
International Powr 6,800 110% - 107 109%
K C Southern 200 23% 23% 2314
K C Southern pfd.. 800 56 65% 60%
Laclede Gas £9 m
National Biscuit... 100 r,i 51 r;o%
National Lead 300 IS 1774 5714
North American.... 1,400 128 120 120
Pacific Coest '..... 7° •
Paeiflc Mall 500 41 % 41 41 .
People's Gas ...1,600 102% 101% 101 75
Pressed Steel Car. . 100 40% 40% 40%
Pressed St Car pfd 500 8i% 83% 84
Pullman Pal Car 235
Republic Steel ...'. 300 17«4 17% 17
Republic Steel pfd. 100 73 73 . 72*i
Sugar 4.200 132% 131% - 132
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.100 CS?i C7% C7«
••Union B & Pap Co ..... .... . id
Union B & P C pfd .... . {& '
IJ S Leather... 4,200 ' 13% 12*4. 13
TJ S Leather pfd..: 1,000 S5% 84% 84%
U S Rubber 1.800 18% 17% ¦ 18 *
IT S Rubber pfd 400 02% CIV4 «2 '
U S Steel.......... -B.500 41% A\V» 41%
U 6 Steel pfd 3,300 !>t% 9?,% »•»!£
Western Union .... 100 00 90% 00%
Shares sold ...446.200
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l09% L & N Uni 4s.... 102%
Do coup JOOVt Mex. Cent -4s ... 85-
Do 3f reg 1O8»4 Do let inc .... 35%
- Do coup .... . . .1O9% .Minn & St L 4s. . .104%
Do new 4s reg. 130 JI K & T 4b. ...100%
Do roup 139% Do 2ds g:t»;
. Do old 4» reg..lll > ,4 NY Cent lsts.,.10:»4
Do coup Ill Do gen 3' / 4s...IO0'
Do 5s reg ....107 N J Cent gen 5s.. 140%
Do coup 107 Nor Pac 4s. .. ...1C5U,
Atch ftrn 4s 103% Do 3s ..;...... 74U
Do adit 4s — .04% Nor & W con 4s. 101%
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. < Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill 112 4s qr c (new) 139 V4 139*1
is qr reg...lll lll'i 3s qr coup.. 100 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oc SS Co 5s. — 101
Bay CPC 5s. — 107% Ombus C 6a. — —
Cal-st 5s 117 119 Pac G Im 4s. 86% 100 &
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk&C H 6s.lO7 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk & O R Ss.llT 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s. Sac EGR 5s. 102 102%
H C&S 5%s. SF & SJV 5sl21lil21%
Do 5s 06% — Sierra Cal 6sll2 113
L Ang R Ss.113%119 S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s. — — (1909) .. ..113^1 13 *-i
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 114%113Vi
Do gtd 5s.l02%104& S P of C 6s
L A & P 63.102% — I (1905)Sr A. — 106li
Do lem 53.102 — I (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 .1 (1906) 109^109^4
Do lem 5s. 120% 121% I (1912) ....119^121*
N R of C «s. 112 — IB P of C 1st
Do 5s 121%121V4' c gntd 5s..l2O r-'
N Pac C 5s.H0 .— I Do stmpd.111% —
N R Cal 5s. 114% — SP Br Cal6a. — 139^
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% 8 V "Wat 6s. Ill 11131
Oak Trn 6s. 124 — Do 4s 2dm.l03%104
Dolst cSs.llt 115 I Do 4a dm. 101% 102 "-*
Oak TV G 5s. 103 — 1 Stkn G&E6S.102 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Ccsta 78% 79 Port Costa. . 63% 68
Marln Co 60 — I Spring Val.. 92 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% — Pac Light . . 45 —
Eqt Q L Co. S% 3% Sac E GAR. — 40
Mutual — 4% S F G &. E. 42'i 44
0 G L & H. 57% 57% S F G L Co. 5% 5^
Pac G Imp.. 36% 38 Stktn G & E.~8 — t .
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.265 —
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — 91 >L P & A....168U —
California ..425 — Mer Ex (!iq). 1S% —
Cal Safe Dp. 118 — S F Nationl.140 —
First Natlonl — — 1
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...20CO — Bav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — ' Security Sav. — 340
Mutual Sav. 80 87% i Union TrustI825 —
B F Sav U.525 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..ie5 — Market .100 —
Geary — 60 Presidio 35 —
POWDER.
Giant 73 78%/Vigorlt 8% 3ft
SUGAR.
Han* ...... 3% — Kllauea — 9V%
Hawaiian ..33 40 Makawell .. 23ft 24 >4
Honokaa ... 10% — Onomea .... 23% —
Hutchinson . 11% 12 IPaauhau .#. 11 12
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.161 — Pac A FA.. 2»4 3%
Cal Fruit As.103 103% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.100% — , Par Paint . . 19 —
Oceanic S Co — .36 I
j Morning Session.
Board—
15 California Fruit Canners' ......103 25
75 Contra Costa Water 78 73
25 Contra Costa Water 78 62ft
50 Contra Costa Water 78 CO
15 Giant Powder Con 78 50
100 Pac Aux ' Fire ' Alarm 3 00
5 Spring Valley Water 92 12%
$11,000 Market-st R R con 5s 121 0«
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s. cash 121 25
$2000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s 112 00
$2000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s 113 00
Street—
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning. Session.
Board —
600 Cala-Standard IS
400 Cala-Standard 19
1560 Occidental of W Va 20
1000 Occidental of W Va. b 90 21
2500 Occidental of W Va, b 00 22
1000 Petroleum Center, b 90 09
1000 Petroleum Center, s CO. - C8
2100 Petroleum Center v.)
250 Sovereign 30
600 Sterling 1 52%
100 Sterling, b 60 132%
100 Sterling, a 90 1 52Vj
20 Sterling, cash 1 30
30O Sterling 155
500 Sterling, b 30 1 55
300 Sterling, b 90 1 57%
300 Sterling, b 60 ..." 1 CO
Street —
1000 Lion 07-
MINING STOCKS.'
The following were the sales yesterday In tb*
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 41 200 Justice 09
100 Caledonia 42 2UO Sierra Nevada 22
600 Chollar 11 500 Yellow Jacket 13
The following were the sales yesterday in the
Pacific Stock Exchange:
Morning Session.
2OO Best B Bel. 23 200 Mexican ... 43
80O Caledonia .. 42 50O Ophir 91
20O Caledonia .. 41 10CU Seg Belcher 03
100 C C & Va..l 32% 200 Sierra Nev. 22 ,
1500 Gould & C. 08 300 Silver Hill. 51
1000 Justice .... CO
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 12—12 m.
Bld.Ask. r.id.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 08 0»
Alta 03 04 Kentuck — 01
Ancles 04 05 Lady Washtn — 04
Belcher ...... 09 10 Mexican 42 43,
Best & Belch. 24 25JOccidental ... 08 00
Bullion .. 02 OUlOphlr 91 82
Caledonia 41' 42 i Overman 20 22
Challenge Con 13 *19|Potost 21 22
Chollar . 11 12 i'avage 11- V-l
Confidence ... «O 65 Scorpion — O\
C C & Va 1 SO 1 .%5 Seg Belcher. . 03 03
1 "on Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 22 2;*
Con N York.. 01 02 Silver Hill... 49. 02
Crown Point.. OS 09 ! J t Louis...:.. 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate .... 0»> —
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con.... 21 22
Gould & C... 07 OS Utah 04 .05
Hale & Nor.. 20 22 1 Yellow Jacket 12 ' 13
.-ulla —- O4l - '¦
SATURDAY. April 12—12 m
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. U%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8®8Kc per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half ; barrels,
pure, 119ic; 10-lb Uns. 12c; 6-lb tins, \2%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c.
good to- ''choice and $2@2 75 for ' fancy;
Grape Fruit. $1@3. including seedless; Mexican
Limes, : I i@4 50; Bananas, $2 00@3 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 50@2 for Hawailans;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. .;-.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins:
.-. There .is no change In the , situation. Crop
prospects continue good acd a -large output is
expected . this year, but fortunately the crop
will come in on a practically bare market.' :
FRUITS — Apricots, U@llc for Royals and
10@13c for standard to fancy Moorpar*:- ;
Evaporated Apples, 8@0c; sun dried, 3c;
Peaches. 6V4@8V4c; Pears. 6@0c; Plums, pitted.
C@6c; unpitted, l%@2fic; Nectarines, 5i«@bc
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs. 4%c for
black and 5%@<>c for white.
PRUNES — 1SJ01 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40*8. 0%@«%c; 40-50*8, 5<g5Vic; 50-60' s. 4 H
©4%c; 0O-7O's, 4@4Vlc: 70-80's, 3%@3%c; tiO
OO's, 8@3%c; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 614
@7%c; Loose Muscatels. 6&C for 4-crown and
6%o for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, S%c for unbleached and 1y
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; D«
hetsa, $2 50; Fancy, (1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 38.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll^c; No.
2. 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2, 7c;
Almonds, 10%fil2c ior papershell. 0@10c for
softshell and U©7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nats, 12@>12%c; Filberts,
12@12^c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, Ilfgil2c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water -white extracted, 00
6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c -
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was slightly higher, with a moderate
cash demand. Receipts of Hogs are running
a little less than last year. •
In' this- market," which continues very dull,
more cutting by the branches of Chicago houses
is reported and close buyers can get conces
sions from th? quotations.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium, 14c for light.
15c for extra light and 15 %c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, laVic; California
llair.s. 12V»@13e; Mess Beef. $9<39 SO per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10@10 SO; Family, $11©11 uO;
prime Mess Pork. SIS: extra clear. $22 50Q23;
Mess, $18 50(@19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50012 30;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $1 75; Smoked Beef.
13%@14c per lb. •
Nczv York Exchange higher. Silver unchanged. :
Local stocks and bonds quiet. "
Some activity in the leading oil stocks.
Weekly bank clearings shoiv the usual increase over last year.
Wheat firm at a fractional advance.
Nothing nczv in Corn, Oats and Rye.
Bran very firm. Hay easy, with ample receipts.
White Beans still depressed and declining.
Potatoes and Onions steady and spring Vegetables very firm.
Poultry v.arkct firm and zccll cleaned up.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still weak, with heavy stocks.
Oranges in light supply and firm. Other Fruits unchanged.
Provisions being cut again in the local market.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
Hogs firm, zcith grain-fed bringing an advance.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Balto «-. O 4s....lO2%|Head Gen 4s .... 09'.
Do 3%s .. 08 S L & I M c Cs.llC
Do conv 4s ...108% S LAS F 4s.... 101
Canada- So 2ds...lO9 IJt L S W lsts...lOO%
Cent of Ga 5s 11314 Do -2ds ... SO
_ Do }" ln0 '•••• ' 88 *+ s A & A P 4s... 92
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l08%;fio Pac 4s 94%
Chi & A 3%s.... 84% 'Bo Ry 5s .......122%
£ £ S new 4s - ° 6^ Vex & Pac lsts. 121ft
£ M & St P g 4s.ll5% T St L & W 4s.. 82 .
C & N con 7s...lW% Union Pac 4s ....105.:
£ f* 1 & P 4s.. .113 Do conv 43 ...107%
C C C & S L g 4S.103M Wabash lsts ... .120
Chicago Term 4s. 00% Do 2ds 110%
Colo & So 4s.... 95 Do deb B ..;... 78
£L & R <3 4s 103% West Shore 4s "..113 .
Krie prior lien 4s.l00% W & L E 4s..;.. 92 '
E l Y, & D C lsts.112% Con Tob 4s 65*i
Hocking Val 4V.S.110 ¦¦-».
NEW YORK MINING ' STOCKS. '
Adams Con 20. Little Chief ..... Jl
A»ce .'. 60 Ontario ...8 75
Ureece 60 Ophir 85
Pruns wick Cpn ... J 0 Phoenix 00
Comstock Tunnel. Q5 J'otosl 12
Con Cal & Va 1 20 (Savage .• 13
Dead wood, Terra.. 50 Blerra Nevada ..20
Horn Silver 1 .40 Small Hopes 45
Iron Sliver- . .¦ 75 Standard .... 3 35
Leadville Con ... 05 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— VVestlngh Commn.111%
Call loans ........ 4®5 Mining—
Time loans^ 4»£@5 Adventure 22%
Bonds—. AHouez :i(i
Atchison 4c 1O.V,4 1 Amalgamated . . . 66
V,* 8 if" • 80 j Baltic V2Vj
MexCent4s 84 Isingham .20%
*' E G & Coke 56 JCalumet & Hecla.600
Railroads — Centennial 20V6
Atchison 7DH Cop Range Con.. 62%
doprefd 7U% Dom Coal ..137 ¦ •
Boston & Albany. 263 Franklin 11 1^
goston & Maine.. 104 isle Royale 14%
Boston Elevated.. 168 ' Mohawk 36
NYNH&H...;21 Old Dominion 21%
\Jtchburg pfd 147 Usceola 63
bnion Pacific 101% Parrot 28
Mex Central 30% Quincy 125
Miscellaneous — Kanta Fe Copper. 2ft
Am Sugar 131% Vamarack ITS
do prefd ll'JV^ Vrimountain 05
Dom Iron & Steel. 67>.i Trinity 14\i
G . e n Electric 320 United States ... 20*1
Mass Electric 41^ Tjtah 22
npp r i f iv oo: >i '•"•ctorla 5%
'E G& Coke.... 4?i Wlnona 1%
F, n L te 2 Frult •T-'ilO* Wolverine ....... 55
IT S Steel 41^ Daly West 47
do prefd iw-^
LONDON' CLOaiNG STOCKS.
Consols for money , do prefd 55 VJ
J 04 11-lCN Y Central...... 166li
do for acct..94 13-10iNorf & W 5SVi
Anaconda 5^4 1 doprefd .72
Atchison 81^| Ontario & West.. 33?4
_ d » PreM IOO14 Pennsylvania .... 77
Bait & Ohio 110% Reading 21*%
Pacific 118% do 1st prefd. ; . . 42
Ches & Ohio 47% do 2d prefd.... 35 ¦
Western.. 24% Southern Ry ..*.. 35^
C M & St Paul... 172 V4 do prefd 97n
Den & R G 44^ Southern Pacific. OS '
do prefd 94 Union Pacific 104i£
Erie 37% doprefd 70
do 1st prefd 70V8 U S Steel ........ 42ti
do 2d prefd.... 5o^ do prefd 7C%
111 Central 146^ Wabash
Louis & Nash 120}i do prefd 45
Mo Kan &. Tex.. 25V* Spanish 4s 78
Bar ellver. dull, 24 11-lUd per ounce. Money.
2%@tt per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2»i per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
CHICAGO, April 12.— Interest in corn easily
outran ' all else of a ' speculative nature. * The
gradual advance of . the. past .week, seemed to
have been : preparing : the ; country [ for decisive
action in this market.- The depleted stocks in
tho Southwestern ; marts '; had given St.: Louis
and Kansas City good* argument for advancing
markets and to-day when the cable list showed
strong and the Southwest was still stronger
and was bidding eagerly . at the relatively
cheaper article in this market, prices respond
ed with vigor. Receipts were s light and . the
belief was common-' among traders that stocks
at St. Louis and Kansas City had • been re
duced to such an extent that those places must
supply their actual demands in Chicago. . May
closed very strong, l%c higher at 61%c. ' -
¦ Wheat was inclined to: lag early because of
precipitation in the winter belt. Cables were
strong and receipts - light, but May opened \i
<§>%c to.%@Uc lower at 72% ©72% c. Reports
received from the Southwest, however, . stated
that wheat was not improving with the rains,
the subsoil being so dry 'that such moisture as
had been supplied since spring had disappeared
-without affording the necessary relief to.veg
etation. Acceptances abroad over night were
moderately good. An estimate that the winter
crop would be only three-fourths of that of a
year ago, which was made by a trustworthy
authority, was given credence by many and was
a rotcnt factor in the upturn. May wheat ad
vanced to 73&c, closing firm %@%c up at
73&C. . - ' - ;
Oats dimly reflected the strength in corn.
May closed firm, %c higher at 42c. .-.
, A growing bullish situation in the hog mar
ket started provisions higher again. May
pork closed 12%c higher, lard 7%@10c up and
ribs 10c higher. - ¦¦ . .'
By a ballot of 642 to 140 members of the
Board of Trade to-day made the new grade of
cats "standard oats," deliverable on contracts
for July and further deliveries after this date.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
roquest. ¦" Apricots steady and unchanged ' with
gool movement.- Peaches quiet and steady. •¦-..
PRUNES— 3%®7c. ' ¦ .-,-;¦- ..- ¦ -,...-.
APRICOTS— Royal. 10@14c ; Moorpark, 11%
©12U C ... ¦ •..'¦ ' ¦;. • ; ¦ . ... : '.
PEACHES— Peeled, U@18c; unpeeled. 8@10c
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 ' o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 77%c. .
Second Session — No sales. ..'';»'. : .
• Regular Morning Session — No sales.. . '
OATS — Chicago reported the weather too. dry
for Oats, with prospects rather favorable for
higher prices later on. The San Francisco,mar
ket . showed no change whatever. ¦ ¦ . . ¦ '
Grays, fl 30@l 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, / $1 40@l AS ; black, 51.12%@1 32%; red.
$1 30<jU 42Mi per ctl. •
CORN — Chicago advanced oh renewal of the
Southwestern demand and heavy buying by the
Gates party. Southwestern stocks are rapidly
being, exhausted and Chicago is now the chief
source of supply. Kansas City reported nearly
all cash samples cleaned up and at stiff prices.
Bradstreet's gave the exports since July 1 at a
decrease of .126,374,000 bushels from last year.
¦'- This market was dull and without change.
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 45; small round dov'
$1 36@1 47%: white, $1 40@l 50 per ctl.
RYE— 82%®05c per; ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 63@1 75 l.*r
ctl, V .
completely . around and became firm again, and
was quite strong yesterday.- - The- same thing
always happens to the Barley market • in ; San
Francisco- 1 — it always weakens after a rain,
whether the rain la needed; or not, whether it
does good or not. ; It is truly a "blind worship
of a tradition." . -.¦'¦•
.The report of M. Blum & Co. said: "Chicago
opened easier on one inch of. rain 'at Oklahoma
City;; > Elsewhere the weather was unfavorable,
dry, cold and windy. There were more buyers
than sellers, . and the Gates party were heavy
buyers.- The market then became easier on
predicted rains in Kansas and the report that
the Minneapolis mills would shut down on ac
count of the heavy premiums demanded by ter
minal elevators on Wheat. Still later the mar
ket became , firmer in : sympathy ' with the ad
vance in Corn, and both grains were more act
ive than for a long time." -••• ¦
This market was fractionally firmer, as will
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10; milling, $1 11 ti
@1 12% per ctl. '. . •¦ . ,. -..-....-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 07%; 8000,. $1 07%. . ¦ 7
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning . Session — December— 2000
ctls, $107%. : . ¦
BARLEY — The week closed on a steady mar
ket, with a very, fair demand, both on local
and shipping account.
Feed. U6%@»7>/aC for No. 1 and 93%®95c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97 li c
@$1; Chevalier. $1@1 20.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO GALL, . .SUNDAY, APRIL 13, 1902.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 12. — The situation cen
tering about Louisville and Nashville was the
eubject of keen interest In Wall street to-day*>
and kept the market feverish and unsettled.
The Jumps of over 10 points In Chicago and
Eastern Illinois and the rise In Evansvllle and
Terre Haute revived rumors of projects for a
Chicago outlet for Louisville and the confer
ences in progress and known to the street
strengthened the impression of an Impending
parting control of Louisville and Nashville it
self. There was a renewal of the activity
and strength In Colorado and Southern, which
was attributed to the working out of plans fcr
the extension of the Rock Island connections,
Indicated by the purchase of the Choctaw,
Oklahoma and Gulf. Otherwise the principal
etrenerth was in specialties. The buoyant rise
of Canadian Pacific to 120, with a relapse of
a. point, was not explained. The strength of
the various rubber stocks was due* to reports
of proposed mergers, as were the movements
In Virginia-Carolina Chemical and Cotton OH.
The rise of over 4 points In International
Power was due to the expectation of stock
eubscription rights. The strength of the mar
ket was not general acd the advance after the
bank statement was met by realizing, so that
the closing was irregular. The cash changes In
the bank statement conformed closely to the
estimates. The loan decrease was larger even
than hoped Tor. but the knowledge that large
loans were transferred to the trust companies
and to foreign lenders, left the. outlook for
money by no means clear. •
There was a re*narkably feverish and erratic
stock market this week, which is attributed In
Wall street to the speculative operations of a
group cf wealthy men who have realized great
fortunes in the. iron and eteel trade and who
were controlling factors in the constituent
companies of tho United States Steel Corpora
tion before the formation of that concern. The
upward course of prices which was estab
lished last week was Interrupted on Monday
by the fsars of money stringency. The large
exports of gold for Tuesday'* steamer threat
ened a total wiping out of the surplus reserve
of the bank*, which was cut down two-thirds
as a result of the transactions of last week.
The rise in the money rates ehut off further
gold exports and made.it profitable for foreign
bankers to negotiate heavy loans in foreign
money markets to place here. The trust com
panies aleo were large lenders at the higher
level, a« they are not subject to the came
legal restriction as to the maintenance of the
cash reserve and are thus able to leave their
cjtih en deposit with the banks to figure in
their cash reserves, while taking up the bank*'
loan. Thiis feature cf the local credit eitua- i
tion has been the cause of tome comment and
criticlt-m in connection with the active specu
lation which is fostered by the resources thus
made available. i
The money market ha«. nevertheless, been
unfcettled e.U week and subject to occasional
flurries. The leaders of the speculation seem
»to be unaffected by these flurriea and it is
believed- they are protected by heavy loans ou
time. It was suspected that the early unsettie
ment ot money was due partly to the taking
<-ut cf large time leans In this interest
The center cf the speculation shifted
this we<>k from St. Paul and the Western group
to the Southern Railway field. The movement
in Louisville and Nashville became eo sensa
tional that the fear arose that the circum
stances of the Northern Pacific corner la*t
May might be repeated. The reticence of all
NEW YORK, April 12.— FLOUR— Reeelpt3.
33.065 bnrrels;. exports, 7498. . Fairly active and
lirm. Minnesota patents, $3 S0@3 05; do
bakers'. ?2 90@3 20; winter straights. $3 70®
3 85; winter extras, $3 15@4 25; winter low
grades, $2 95@3 05.
. WHEAT— Receipts and experts, none. Spot,
steady. , No. 2 red. 83 M,c elevator; No 2 red
801,6c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
82%c f. b. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,'
88%c f. o. b. afloat. Opening easier on rains
In the Southwest, wheat had a violent upturn
on covering-, heavy Southwest buying and fur
ther crop damage reports, then eased off under
realizing and closed steady at '.4@%c net ad
vance. May, 78%@7!»V4c.- closed 7!H$e- June
7S%@79Mc. ;lo.<c(l '79Hc; September. 78%®
7«'/4c, closed -7S!4c; December, 79^W80%c,
closed SO^c.
.HOPS — Firm. State common to choice' 1901
crop, IP® 10 %c; 1000 crop.- 1S@14c; Pacific
Coast. 1801 crop. 15«3>lf>Jic; 1000 crop lSifJHc
HIDES— Quiet. California, 21@25* pounds'
lfctoc . . ..-•.'
WOOI' — Quiet. Domestic fleece. 2C@20c '
K1TGAK — Raw, steady. Fair refining 2T4c
centrifugal. 90 test, 3%c.' -. Molasses 'sugar'
2%c. Keflned. steady. No. 6, 4.25c- No 7*
4 15c: No. 8, 4.05c; No. fl. 4.00c; No 10 3 fifie'
No. 11. .".00c; No. 12. 3.85c; No. in, 3.85c-" No'
34. 3.85c; Standard A, 4. COc; confectioners' a'
4.60c: mould A, C.15c; cut loaf, 5.30c; crushed'
5.30c; powdered, * 4.00c; granulated, 4.80c
cubes, 5.0fic. ""¦"• .'.-..'
COFFEE— Options closed net unchanged to 10
polntp v lower. Total pales, 25,250 bags--in
cluding:' May. 5.10@5.15c; June, 5.25c; July
5.3f •©¦5.35c; August. 5.40c; September. . 5.50«
r>:55c: December. 5. 70® 5. 75c. Spot Rio. dull.
No.' 7 invoice, 5%e; mild, quiet; Cordova, kj,."
@12c. ' ¦¦/¦> "
/ DRIED FRUITS.,
if The market • for • evaporated ¦ apples was easy,
with trading In all grades dull. . State; com
mon to good, 7@8'/&c: prime, Ofl'Olic;- choice
OM-SlOc; fancy, 10%@llc. . . .-•,'
- Prunes ".were • somewhat steadier and • in fair
FOR SATURDAY, April 12.
Flour, qr sks. ...13,250! Feed, sks 55
Wheat, ctls.. 71.22$ ;l>horts, sks...... 50
parley, ctls.. 4,6S3t l j.'siHow. sks...... 260
Pats, . ctls. .'. 80, Leather, rolls.... 106
(torn, ctls... 710 Hides, bdls. ...... 4G1
JJeans, sks...... : 3O.tilme. bbls. ...... 1S2
Potatoes, sks 550 : Wine. gals 34,400
Unions, ¦ sks. - 3 Brandy, gals.... 2."0
Bran, sks 1,000 Chicory. . bbls. ... 20
Middlings, sks... 41 lalt, sks ........ 50
Hay, tons. ...... 495ii'elts, No. : 155
Btraw, tons...'... 14! Quicksilver, flsks 230
Mustard GOitugar, ctla ' 1.2S6
.Wool, - bales. ..... . 374}
WASHINGTON. .
Flour, qr sks 6,022 Bran, ska 10
Potatoes, sks.... 34Ui Flaxseed, 1,055
»
On the Stock and Bend Exchange the feature
wr.s the selling of the 0 per cent" bonds ot the
Sierra* Railway of California at $112*M13.
They were ex-coupon of $3 yest«rday. There
l.'ave been more or less transactions in tfcrse
bov.ia for some days and they have risen some
8 points -recently, owing to- good earnings and
cxcellent'prospects. Contra Costa "Water nock
•vi as higher at ?78 75@7S 50. . Giant Powder
was still lower at $78 50. . Otherwise tkare
was nothing new/ Alaska "Packers was ex
tHvldend of II. •
,On tho Oil Exchange Sterling was the active
stock, selling higher- at. ?1 50®l 60, according
to terms. Sovereign, the sister stock, was also
firmer at 30c, and there- were sales of several
thousand Petroleum - Center at SiSOe. and of
Occidental of West Virginia at 20@22c. Tha
other oil . stocks were dull.* The El , Dorado
assessment - of - 10c ; was delinquent In , office.
Sales on- the Oil Exchange- last week wera
73,707, ehares, valued at $49,512, ¦ tha leading
•¦•ales being as follows: California Standard
1200 shares; Home. 1125; . Petroleum Center.
21,600: Lion. 1800; Monte Cristo, 1900; Sov
«reign.. 14.630; Reed,- 1500; Occidental, ¦ 7500;
Sterling,' 21,720. ;...."
The Oakland Gas,' Light land Heat Company
has aeclared the regular . monthly dividend of
25c per share, payable April 15. ¦¦•*•.-
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New- Tork by 'Bol ton,, de Ruyter & Co.:
Common: stock. - $23 tS7%®23 87%;: preferred.
?01 67Vi@61 87%; 4 • per cent bonds sold at
$S>0 12 J4 ; subscriptions, $101 67^0101- 75.
35
STATIONS
s
o
it
a g o <° t
So. »¦?¦ tl <l 3
sj 33 s| s; w
I| II ft ?? I
c c • ¦ • c
• ? : . : :
Astoria
Baker
Carson ,
Eureka
Fresno
Flarstaft
Poeatello. Id.
I ndependertce
Los Angeles .
Phoenix
Portland .
P.ed Bluff
Roseburs . . .
Sacramento .
Salt Lake
Fan Francisco
S. L. Obispo.
San Diego...
Seattle •.
Spokane ....
Neah Bay...
V.'al!a Walla.
Winftemucca
Yuraa
.39.44
.30.26
.30.10
.SO. 30
.30.0*
.29.88
..30.00
29.S8
.29.80
..29.72
..30.42
..30.10
. .30.32
..30.06
..30.00
0.30.12
..30.06
..23.92
..30.46
..30.22
.30.44
..30.32
.30.10
..29.74
58 40 KW Clear .04
4C 34 KE Cloudy .CO
CO 30 KW Clear .00
54 48 KW Clear .00
72 48 W Clear JQt>
?52 28 W Cloudy rSo
54 34 SW Clear .00
«S 4<5 N Clear .00
68 48 SW Clear .00
S« 56 W Clear .00
52 38 TV Clear '.01
7t> 48 X Clear .00
5« 42 NT Clear .02
72 C2 KW Clear .00
58 3S KW Cloudy .00
66 60 W Clear .00
76 50 SE Clear .00
«4 54 NW Clear .00
82 62 NW Clear .OS
CO 38 W Cloudy .00
40 36 SW Clear .06
54 40 SW Pt.Cldy .00
M 36 N Cloudy .00
90 54 X Clear .00
i a
52
STATIONS
s
o
it
a g o <° t
So. »¦?¦ tl <l 3
sj 33 s| s; w
I| II ft ?? I
c c • ¦ • c
• ? : . : :
Astoria
Baker
Carson ,
Eureka
Fresno
Flarstaft
Poeatello. Id.
I ndependertce
Los Angeles .
Phoenix
Portland .
P.ed Bluff
Roseburs . . .
Sacramento .
Salt Lake
Fan Francisco
S. L. Obispo.
San Diego...
Seattle •.
Spokane ....
Neah Bay...
V.'al!a Walla.
Winftemucca
Yuraa
.39.44
.30.26
.30.10
.SO. 30
.30.0*
.29.88
..30.00
29.S8
.29.80
..29.72
..30.42
..30.10
. .30.32
..30.06
..30.00
0.30.12
..30.06
..23.92
..30.46
..30.22
.30.44
..30.32
.30.10
..29.74
58 40 KW Clear .04
4C 34 KE Cloudy .CO
CO 30 KW Clear .00
54 48 KW Clear .00
72 48 W Clear JQt>
?52 28 W Cloudy rSo
54 34 SW Clear .00
«S 4<5 N Clear .00
68 48 SW Clear .00
S« 56 W Clear .00
52 38 TV Clear '.01
7t> 48 X Clear .00
5« 42 NT Clear .02
72 C2 KW Clear .00
58 3S KW Cloudy .00
66 60 W Clear .00
76 50 SE Clear .00
«4 54 NW Clear .00
82 62 NW Clear .OS
CO 38 W Cloudy .00
40 36 SW Clear .06
54 40 SW Pt.Cldy .00
M 36 N Cloudy .00
90 54 X Clear .00
i a
52
CHICAGO. PHILADELPHIA. BOSTON.
J, L, McLean & Co.,
Main Office
25 Broad St , Ntw York.
f Chicago Board of Trade.
Members -I New York Produce Exchange.'
¦ --'I. Consolidated Stock Exchange; N. T.
STOCKS, BONDS, GRAIN
0r3*w executed for Investment or margin.
Send for our new Eighty-Page Illustrated
WALL STREET GUIDE
Just published. Dally Letter on application.
BRANCHES:
E01 : Rookery Bid*.. Chicago.
4H5 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia.
85 . Devonshire st., Boston.
Private wires to all offices and exchanges.
CAPITAL PROCURED.
- Stock Comoanleg Organized.
Stocks ar.<3 Bonds' Sold. •
MERITORIOUS ENTERPRISES FINANCED.
L. L JACKSON,
B0 Broadway. N. Y. Established ISSft.
AUCTION SALES
SUPERIOR FURNITURE AT AUCTION
T0-M0BB0W, ;
MONDAY . . . . . . . April 14, 1902
¦ U'At 11 O'clock A. M., ¦
At Private Residence,
726 POWELL STREET, between
Fine and California.
I have instructed my agent to sell at public
auction, owing to my departure East, all ths
superior furniture, rich parlor upholstery, -up-
right piano, costly works of art and Europea/i
covelties and everything appertaining to nine
(9) . handsomely furnished rooms. Terms cash.
AUCTION!
Fourth Consignment of D. MILLER HORSE3
Will Be Sold
MONDAY, April 14, at 10 a. m.,
1619 MARKET ST.
Horses suitable for all classes of work. Broken.
gentle, sound.
Also 25 Head of CITY-BROKE HORSES and
.25 BUGGIES, besides 25 SETS OP
HARNESS, CARTS, etc.
On account of MR. LAYNG remodeling his
place the sale will not take place there, but at
1619 Market st.. at 10 a. m. Auctioneer. WIL-
LIAM G. LAYNG. ¦ ¦-
At auction next TUESDAY, April IS. at 1140
Foisom St.. at 11 a. m.. I will sell 8 peddling
wagons, 3 express, 4 camp wagons. 2 surries. 5
buggies and a lot of horses and harness.THE SAN FB iV^CISCO C ALL; SUNDAY, } A.PRIL 1 3, 1902.
36
I CLAIRVOYANTS. .
j mme. e. Bernard" • ' . ''.'¦'¦'"¦i-'".'^? r -
i . THE FAMOUS -
it Clairvoyant " and ¦ business medium, . permanently
j- located at 17 Third " st/, - next Examiner bldg.
• She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
J description of the past, reveals- the present hap-
j penings and portrays events to occur in the.fu-
j ture.r If ; you are, In trouble, discontented, un-
I happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium ; and you -will be . told how to \ overcome
them.: Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
PROFESSOR BROESKE. 205 Turk St.
Scientific : Palmist and . Clairvoyant. " Special
rates for a short, time only. 60c — $1 — 50c— $1 —
50c — $1— 750c — $1.» , This well-known life reader
I convinces all, gives advice all affairs of ¦ lnter-
| est ; business, , love, I marriage, ' speculation, in-
vestments, change. • Your: past," 1 present, future
read. Are you interested palmistry, clalrvoy'cy,
psychology?.^ Broeske's , College " stands peerless.
A SPECIAL rate till Tuesday," only. ¦ ¦' :•
Special $2 full. life reading for $1.
) . $1 Reading for 50c. ¦ ;
Sunday, Monday and Tuesday Only. "
j ; Can bo consulted on all affairs of Ulfe. busl-
[ ness - and . love ; affairs a specialty. -\ MISS * M.
|,WILLE, 326A Ellis Bt.; hours, 10 a. .m. "¦ to
IS p. m. -:¦.. "¦,,,.-•¦•¦¦' .-•¦-.:-¦
'LIFE READING 1 week, ladles 50c. gents $1;
¦ s PROF. WELLER'S COLLEGE, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busl-
•¦ ness, speculation, love, domestic troubles; set-
! ¦ ties lovers' ¦ quarrels, reunites separated. . tells
i whom you will marry; how-to win manor wo-
\\. man you love; mail $1; send date birth, lock
j hair, C questions. 1007 Vj Market, near Sixth.
i MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
I medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket bt., cor. . Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
I I '.2G; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
I anteed by mall; eend stamp for -r pamphlet
with special terms. -Daily and" Sunday. -
j ISMAR,. the. Egyptian "Gypsy, clairvoyant and
• palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
¦ posite Sixth; private readings daily, : 10 a."m.
\S to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant* card
. reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
BE sure and ? read of Ismar's prophesy of a
man's raise In position and salary on page 40."
A— MISS .'M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
" ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m.~to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
i advice; names given; 25c up.; 5 Fourth st. .
A — Mrs. Mel vlll," wonderful clairvoyant, water
-j. reader. 11 (ith; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
! MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
! spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. COc.
MME. ¦¦ HANSEN. well-known clairvoyant,
reads card and palm, 25c ; 148 Sixth, rm. 14.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
. .read accurately; L. 25c. G. 50c. .521% Eddy.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st., room
22. second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
1 25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
¦ CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
! only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.nr. 4th.
I EDUCATIONAL.
! KEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL E*NGI-
i NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
! tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
'practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
-catalogue free. ¦ < v •
I A YRES' Leading Business College,' 723 Market
. — $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
¦ tees a complete bus. education; J shorthand, !
I typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, .penmanship, j
spelllrig,' Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.^
200 LARGE colleges have adopted Gregg short-
hand within two yearB. Why?..: Because they
. found on trial that it is easier, faster and
more readable than any other. -• It Is taught
by the S. F. Business College, 1236 Market.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects , pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school. for the university, law -and- medical
. colleges; references, President. Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan" building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend . the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE." Is this advice worth
following?" Life, scholarship $50; catalogue.
GOLDEN Gate College, 530 Golden Gate ave.,
San Francisco — One. month free to those en-
tering for six months: bookkeeping or short-
. hand course; positions soon as. qualified.
DANCING pupils prepared for ; the -stage;
waltz, buck and wing; clog. Jigs," reels, skirt.
. song; private lessons dally at IRVINE'S, 421
Post st., between Powell and "Mason.* -
LEADING actress desires. lady, gentleman and
¦ child , to train ¦ for e.irly appearance In her
company: reasonable terms. - Apply to-day,
: 1 to 4, 202 Polk st. ¦ • .-..-- > ¦¦¦ -.-...
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
-associated with theatrical .agency securing
positions.) . Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil; elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est.' 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr.. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
i beginners and : college graduates 1 perfected.
TARR; expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60- page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. ¦-.-
ALL Gregg 1 stenographers secure positions ; 34
good positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. , S. F. - Business College, 1236 Market.
SPANISH — Classes and private, by the well-
• known , Madrid ; professor, - DOMINGO ¦ C.
MAYA. 2iC Eddy st. / - ;•
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar; writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.' 6th.
VIOLIN; " guitar, mandolin, , banjo taught ' ; In
¦ .-. class, , $1: month. • 183C Eddy;, phone Pine 433.
SHORTHAND taught by mail = or personally.
; : MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN. mandolln. ; guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. ' 1008 Mission ; j instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; "private or class.
¦ BARKER'S Academy. '723 Market st.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert, 302 Van Ness ave. .
TO get acquainted lady gives piano lessons 25c.'
Box 4905, Call office. •-,;, ' , ;
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. ¦ 424 Pine st. .
HEALD'S Business College. 24 . Poet . St."; S.' F. ;
, founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free. ¦
ELEVATORS.:
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
.prices. J.E.Upphoff.665 Mission; tel. John 3856.
: . .:¦ ¦'¦ ¦' ; • .' "¦ -.' '..KInrANCIAL.;,- ;; : . ¦.;.-'/..'
'PACIFIC Underwriting*: Trust Co." (Inc.)— We
' have, 42 offices in operation;. new' method of
'placing, stocks- and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main. office, "007-8-0; Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and! financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted: lnves-
II tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Minlng&Invest. Co., 326 Post.
I HELP _ WANTED— FEMALE.;
WANTED— Cock, ho wash, $35; 8 cooks $25 '
.: $30; laundress,- $30; child's, nurse, $25; in-
-fant's nurse. $25; 3 parlormaids, §25; 6 sec-
| ond clrls, $20, , $2E; 8 hotel waitresses, city
; and. country; cook, small -hotel. $30; 2 Iron-
, • ers, laundry, country. $9 . week; - head - walt-
¦- ress, . city. • $25; ' cook, . some ¦ wash; "for Niles,
: $30; chambermaid : and waiting:, ' nice > family
boarding-house, $25; housework, Ross Valley,
¦see lady at office 11 , o'clock Monday, % $30;
!;'also;!00 girls * to do general housework . in
city, .Oakland,' Alameda- and all 4 , near-by
-¦ ;town«. -'good \ wages; call ¦ Monday. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.. :
COAST -EMPLOYMENT CO.. ; -, - . .-' ,-
'502 Taylor «t. ; phone Black 2194.
MRS. !KERR AND COZZENS.—' ;:
Woman, '. general « housework, ~ city, , $20; f wo-
. 'rean'.helper in 'kitchen; '$20; 'chambermaid,''
¦ ¦;- $1S. ¦; room and bo^rd;, waitress,, city, '• $20.' ¦ .
GIRLS, ! learn (a . money-making ¦ trade; '.become
¦something besides servants ;. be, -smart; take
; V advantage ' of . a , good .thing; ' learn '. halrdi ess-
; ing; requires only, two weeks; if you -bring
: this^ad. it costs, only; $3 50, including. mani-
-r; curing, massage, shampooing'; hair work,' etc. ;
our pupils: earn, from $50 to: $75 per month-
¦'•' private customers as well as the leading
7 .-; stores.-. furnish; them-; work; .- we want 1 two
young;, women immediately - to fill » two ' posi-
tions; evening class for working girls. S F
r . HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE, 233 Geary St.!
*;rooms 13-15.'"'^',' ¦ ¦¦¦ .••"'. . ;://'-.- ¦.¦¦± : ,: ¦'...¦ .
WANTED— FHrst-class • hairdressers and manl-
1 curists for high-grade. 'down ; town hair dress-
:. ing - and ,< manicuring • pai iors ; , thoroug-hly ex-
perienced ' ¦ people v only. ' ,•< Apply , between - 1 1
a. ;. m. : and ¦ 2 , p.': m. .'¦ and between 6 and- 8 -SO
'^ • p. ,' m. Monday to , MRS. . TN'ASHBURN; 412
McAllister , st. ... ; : ••..¦--."',.-•-¦.••¦.; £¦.--.
.EXPERIENCED ' operators can . : find • steady
f,\ work : : at • highest pay; : also' have : a few ma-
[. chines empty for girls about 16 years of, age
' ¦ to r learn. • Standard ' Shirt I Factory.'' corner
'¦' Gough.and Grove 6ts. , ' " " ¦,
LADIES. .; copy : letters j home : , $4 .to $6. weekly
• ; send > stamped envelope I for application.- Mon-
v, arch ; Supply a Co., ; Dept. 114, , Chicago. ;
LEARN;proofreading;,'sIts. secured; $15 to $25
' : v ' t ! v « Home 1 : CorresDondence School.' Phila.
MEETINGS-*— SUXDAV— - Contlaned.
TESTS 009 Market ' Ft.. ' rear hall—11-8. free;
2. 10c; Swan, Maxwell, McKet-, Horton,
Wrenn. ,
A— NOW lecture. "Desire." Henry • Harrison
Brown. Odd Fellows' bids, S p. m. Music.
A— TES~fs7~b09 Market st.7Tront hall; 11-2-8
free. Wilson-Seely-Hodgson ordination.
MARY EVANS, circle to-ni^'ht. 10c; every eve.;
Friday eve., developinz circle. 120 «',th st.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-n ight., 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. 305 Larkin —
Apr. K>, 7:30 n. m.. Mrs. R. S. Lillle, speaker.
BROCKWATS test seance to-night. 25c: full
names and questions answered. 1052 Ellis st.
MRS. STODDARD. convincing test circles 10c;
Sunday. Tuesday: readings daily. 27S Ninth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. HB Sixth.
C. V. MILLER'S materializinir seance to-
nisht, S o'clock: 50c. 10S4 Bush st. •
EDWARD EARLE in his marvelous test at
Pythian Hall. 909 Market st.: 15c.
SUNDAY LECTURE.
WALTER THOMAS MILLS of, Chicago will
speak Sunday, 2 p. m., at Metropolitan Tem-
ple; subject, "President Roosevelt's War on
the Trusts and the Outcome." There will be
a prelude on the King's attacks on the So-
cialists in Belgium. Music by the Frank
Brown Ladies' Orchestra. Admission free.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society — Special service commemorating '.the
life and work of William Q. Judge at U. B.
Hall, 310 O'Farrell st.. to-day, 11 a. m. Three
speakers. Including Dr. Van Pelt of Point
Loma. Cal. All invited. Monday, April 14, 8
p. m., regular monthly dramatic presenta- '
tion; proceeds for humanitarian work.
MEETINGS— •THEOSOPHICAL.
HERMETIC Brotherhood — Open meetings every
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock. 609 Van Ness
ave.; come, learn to think. ¦ •"
MEETING NOTICES. ~
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery ,»,
No. 16, K. T., Golden Gate building, *)_&«
t>25 Eutter st. — Officers and members, jffl
are hereby notified to assemble in ftjB
full uniform at the asylum TO-DAY w
at 1 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late frater. Sir EDWARD
ROBINSON SWAIN.
H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. & A. M. «
-—The officers and members . of the Jk
above-named lodge are hereby notified Vt?
to attend the funeral of our late r\r^
brother. EDWARD ROBINSON SWAIN, in
King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS
DAY (SUNDAY), April 13. at 2 o'clock p. m.
. Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are invited. • By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge' No. 123, I. O. O. v! _*_y~
F. — Member*- r>lease assemble in
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Sev-
enth and Market sts., on MON- -^/Rv-
DAY NIGHT. April 14, promptly at -7:45
o'clock, to fraternally visit Fidelity Lodge
No. 222. I.O.O.F. W. H. GIBSON, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. R. S. . . :
FRANCO- AMERICAN Lodge No.
207. I. O. O. F.— Officers and ggT-jSSs:
members are respectfully re- ;^g23K$s?'
quested to attend the funeral of -TO/ivf
our late brother, PAST GRAND PIERRE
CAMES. from Odd Fellows 1 Hall, THIS DAY
(SUNDAY), April 13, 1902. at 1 p. m. -
F. MERRIEM. N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O.
O. F.— Initiation TO-MORROW #r2??5K_
(MONDAY) EVENING. Visitors %'$&£&
welcome. - . 5 *-
'. C. L. ZIEGLER. N. G. -.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v «y:_
ian Club FRIDAY EVENING at 8 JV, fciuj
o'clock. Oi>en meetinc at 8:30. > JV2_Eje
Come and bring your friends. Good '"H-J?*
programme. Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin st.
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary*.
CALEDONIAN Club's thirty-sixth . _r_
grand annual gathering and games 2k, L&Cfj
at Sh.'ll Mound Park, Berkeley,
May 30. 1902. *B0lt
¦ A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secy.
THE annual meeting of the members of the
Society of Progressive Spiritualists will be
held at their office, 3322 Seventeenth st..
SUNDAY. April 13. at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for. the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting.
. JOHN KOCH., Secretary.
ENGROSSING,
Resolution*, etc.,' In first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College, 24 Poet St.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted — Either. sex; my plan shows
how you may increase your income without
any capital, outfit or previous experience; my
plan does not interfere with any occupation
you may be engaged in, because no one need
know you are my. representative. If you are
" out of work you can earn $100 per month
working for me. You can learn how to work
for me successfully in five minutes' time, and
the work is strictly honorable, legitimate and
permanent. Address W. M. GRIFFIN, Key
104, Fort Wayne, Ind., for free particulars.
I do not want one penny of your money.
$50 WEEKLY and expenses; sample free;
greatest money-making invention of age; au-
tomatic washer; does washing in 30 minutes
without labor, attention; cheaper than any
other machine: indestructible; agents coining
money; write for sample and agency. Auto-
matic Washer Co., Station U. Chicago.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott t bldg.
LADIES to handle articles of merit as side
line. 2428^4 Harrison et., near 21st.
ASTROLOGY. '>
HOROSCOPES case; future predicted: readings
by mall if. desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
, gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charge without success ; established ltt yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Et. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market St.. -.
GENTS 1902 high-grade bicycle, coaster brake-
a bargain. 724 Eddy st. . , '
BIRDS, DOGS. ' ETC. _
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums : bird and animal
food of alt kinds. 1546 Market st.,bet.8th&0th.
BOARDING FOR .CHILDREN. "
WANTED— Two Email children . to . board. 25
John st.. off Powell. ¦ ¦ " ¦ ;
BOOKS NEW AND
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmea. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
— BUSINESS CHANCES. ~
$350— CORNER cigar store, north' of Market,
between two theaters; old age cause .of sale.
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery et., room 4.
$1800 — COFFEE ealoon in heart of the city;
down town; magnificently -fitted throughout;
well established place; everything first-class,
enormous transient business; low rent; re-
ceipts, justify ?3000 Investment; old age the
only cause of sale; 'best chance In this city.
" M. LESS, 131 . Montgomery , St., room 4. ¦
$000— CORNER grocery and bar.'- in- Western
Addition; B rooms and bath; present owner
there 8 . years. M. LESS, 131 Montgy, rm. 4.
A A. STENBERG ........... . . . '-.
759 Market St.." ....... ...Tel. -Black 5491
..Money Advanced on Any- Business. . . . ..
..".If You Want Invest in a Good Business..*.
Or Sell Your Merchandse. .........
.' .....For Cash';." '.:........
Why Don't You See STENBERG?..;..
...... $500
.....'. Restaurant ................
Among Shops, Factories.....". .'...
....Receipts About $10.... .........
• ;.. . Must Be Sold
.. - ¦ - . A. BTENBERO, 759 Market St.
CIGAR store; rent ?20 a month ; 2-year lease ;
good stock ; good business ............... $800
Cigar, Etand;: wholesale district; rent $25:
good corner; daily sales average $12. ;. .$250
Millinery store; good country town; good
1 stock; bu&lness well established :...,.... $500
Saloon; good central location; favorable
lease; good fixtures & stock;. choice in v. $5000
Do you want a good business of any descrip-
tion? Jf so, call. I can trult you.
- , _ , - G. JV. SCHWEINHARD.
91 1 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th and 6th. *
WANTED— A reliable man with $150 to invest
in established . business that . will pay. him
$18 to *20 per week; no experience required-
light work. 410 Kearny Bt., room 36. • '.*;'
DUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnaed.
A— JOSEPH STIC AUB, ,
S5o Market st., cor. Stockton. .¦ ¦¦ '-^'Jj- •,'
- ';¦ ¦¦¦•¦, , - •¦ ' . Telephone -Grant 177.
Real Estate Aeent. .
. - ->• Property Bought and. Sold.
Rents Collected. - . -
'¦¦¦. "'":: Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent.
A — Party to invest $5000 to enlarge a paying
manufacturing business.* j
A — Ealoon and restaurant: trial given;
A — Saloon; good corner_ on Market st."
A — Partner for established and paying printing
business.
A— Delicacy, store in the Mission, with 4 living
rooms; at abarsain.
A— Near' the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
. Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
BUSINESS CHANCES A. SPECIALTY.
' • A grocery store for ?7Oo, nice corner: rent
$17; 3 living rooms. ¦
• Grocery and bar,- $300; rent $25.
• Saloon, rent $45; daily sales $20; $800.
A fine meat market for $1200; 2 horses, 2
wagons, fine fixtures; rent $45; daily saK-s $70
: Transfer business; 3 wagons, 5: horses;
$1350; rent $15; good business: .
Delicacies, branch bakery, 3 r., rent $15.?275
"Branch bakery, clearing $-10 month .$250
-Fine cigar stand: ' clears §75: price.... $325
Grocery, $1000; 3 living, rooms; clears $120.
Grocery and bar, $500; daily sales $12 to $15.
Restaurant, $500; clears $150, on Market st.
OUR dividend for the week ending April 12 was
$5 68 on each $100 invested. 1 5 Our dividends
are larger than any other firm. Dividends
paid every Monday morning. Earns more in
one week : than- in year in savings bank.
Principal can be withdrawn at any time, and
dividends paid up to hour of withdrawal. A'
tested investment. Safe as Government bonds.
We invite investisatlon. • Call or write for
Interesting literature. • ' ¦ '•¦
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSN.,
. • ¦ Suite 615, Emma Spreckels bldg.
FIRST-CLASS candy business for sale on ac-
count of sickness. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broad-
- way, Oakland. . ¦ .-¦.-.:-. ¦ . • .- ; •
$1000 — GROCERY arid fruit store complete:
clears $100 month; a snap. By ALDEN
CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$500 — PARTNER wanted; profits $250 monthly;
gocd, clean business. ALDEN CO.. 1118
Broadway, Oakland.
$5500 — 95-ROOM hotel and bar, central, always
full.
¦j $1700 — Grocery and bar, 5 fur. rms, Folsom. i
$1500 — Grocery and bar, 2 living rms. Pine.
$1200 — Books, notions, circulating library, j
fine, must be sold, Valencia st. ..
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market St., rm. 208.
A FINE cigar stand, near Market st., low,
rent, $350; • millinery store, on Market st.,
¦ $2500, well stocked; paying restaurant, with i
good trade. $600; good saloons in business
district at low prices: best delicacy store in
city, clears $5000 per annum. EITEL &¦'.
CARROLL. 1032 Market St. -¦'. !
A — 30 CIGAR stands; prices $75 ; to $2000;
rents $« to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7'
dally. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
$375— PARTNER in first-class business; will
teach you the business. DECKER, 921 Markt. \
$50 INVESTED with us will pay you mote' in
1 month than any savings bank will pav you
on $300 in 1 year; your investment, begins
earning this at once, continues to do so until
you withdraw same; no stocks,' bonds or oil,
' but business proposition; best of references;
it will pay you to write us at once. Denver
Co-operative Investment Assn., Exchange
bldg., Denver, Colo.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to Invest in a company owning
a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
Fuperlor to Treadwell mino of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or invest in a paying proposition address
room 412, Parrott bldg., San Francisco, Ca!.
WANTED — 1 mine superintendent, 1 mill-
wright, 2 millmen, 2 engineers. 1 sawmill
man, 1 assayer, 1 blacksmith and 1 book-
kepcr, with $1000 each, to take an Interest' in
a gold mine; will guarantee $150 per month
on investment besides salaries; references re-
quired. Call or address 12 Front' Bt., room
14, for full particulars.
FOR rent — Desk and window space In sunny
front room; use of private room and phone.
, St. Ann's building, 6 Eddy St., rooms 18-19,
second floor. -
A— WANTED — In an old-establshed business,
one or two men with $20,000 or $25,000 each;
business will stand investigation; references
exchanged. Box 1576, Call office.
$300 — COFFEE and chop house; fine chance for
man and wife to make money; don't miss it
to-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
PHYSICIAN and druggist wants partner with
money who shall handle all cash; experience
' not needed. Address box 4919, Call office.
VALUABLE foreign patents for sale, or ' will
trade for city property. Address box 4920,
Call office,
$200 — THE. best opening for an active man in
the city; fullest investigation solicited. Par-
ticulars 765 Market sL, room 3. • . ,
JOOOO-^FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line; with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party. , Box 4818, Call.
$3000— FURNITURE and lease of a hotel in
one of the best towns in the State. Address
H. K., Hotel Gazette office, 20 Montgomery.
WANTED — Bakery with good counter trade in
live country town. Address particulars to
A. B-. box. 4988. Call office.
MORTGAGE $1200. 8 per cent Interest; pay-
able monthly; four years to run. 822 Hay-
ward bldg. • i
FOR sale or exchange — Roadhouse. a short
distance from San Francisco. . Inquire ¦ 513
Pacific st.
FOR 'sale — Fruit and poultry store; 4 living
rooms; good business; Investigate. 1344
Howard st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery store for
sale cheap. Apply 1795 Ellis St.. cor. Pierce.
ARE. you looklnsr'to establish business? Best
place on 2 continents. Owner.- 454 34th, Oak.
WANTED — Business In country town; not over
$1200. Box 1599. Call.
GOOD tailor as partner in country tailor shop.
Apply 519 Market st.
$2500— PARTNER wanted in first-class country
hotel ; rare chance. Owner, box 4918, Call.
TEA. coffee and variety store with fixtures
for sale; rent $25. Apply 353 Fifth st.
$350—80 ACRES In Scotch Valley, Slskiyou
Co.; good level land. Box 4834, Call office. .
FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit store In thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly ' pay
loll of $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will Invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo, Cal. .
FOR SALE — Outside route this paper; call from
6 to 7 p. m.-; Saturday and Sunday excepted.
027 Shotwell st. . • ;
PARTY, to take equal Interest in paying busl-
Jiess; qualifications for * salesmanship .* and
small capital required. Box 4S56, Call office.
FOR Sale— Outside route this paper;, call from
6 to 7 p. m. ; Saturday and Sunday excepted.
927 Shotwell st. - ;. ¦ ... ..-; . ¦•
WANTED— Lady . or . gentleman partner in
some splendid paying patents." Call 255 Clara.
COUNTRY store for sale; see owner. 25 Third
St., room 8.' /:
CORNER grocery and bar; ; kept by present
. - owner 15 years; a first-class location and pay-
Ing business. -„ 748 Brannan st. -
1000 MONTEZUMA mining shares for sale. 032
i Green St.. flat 2. ; rear. ¦ ¦. : : '/ .
FOE ' SALE— Restaurant. : 410 , Third I st: ; i; re-
; ctlpts $25 a day; rent $30; full investigation.
FOR Sale — Restaurant opp. Golden Gate Park;
. fcr cook and wife; low rent. ; C10 Stanyan st.
PARTNER wanted j in ' one of . the best paying
. ¦ general stores near San Francisco ; ' stock ; in
excellent condition; . class of -business: un-
equaled ; a fine opportunity ¦ for .the right
party; no agents need apply.. Box 1566,. Call.
FOR sale — Bakery, ¦ confectionery," stationery,
notions; 4 rooms -partly, furnished; low < rent;
. established 1 20 years; selling .' cause ? of sick-
ness. .'. -A." BOERNER,' 1294 Folsom' St.; - ¦
TO let— Good I corner | restaurant,' partly fur-
, nished; rent cheap;- also 'bakery, -furnished;
.. good chance for baker. ¦ 1535 or 1520 Seventh
Bt. (formerly Webster),. West End, Alameda.
TO -oil ": land : speculators or drillers. . • .
For oneithlrd interest in 320 acres, of 'U. ' B.
patented lands; derrick, - machinery and
houses upon said . lands to , sink a well 1500
f e»t deep. . Address OH Lands Co.;- room " 544
Parrott- building. 825 Market st. ,- S. . F. , Cal.
$400 — ELECTRIC repair and' locksmith shop;
. established 10 years. j' Box 4S58. Call' office.
1 IiODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.'
AN Y_ of '. the f ol lowing on - monthly . payments : :
¦7-room modern flat ;i reduced to......'. $525
15 rooms; transient: clears $100. .."..;.."-: 700
8-room flat; snap; Geary. st.. u . ...200
100 rooms;: Market St.; clears $350."... '.V6000 I
: ,17 rooms; north of Market; clears $100.'1000 !
" 9 rooms ; clears $40;, Just listed. ;...;..' 450
35 rooms; near. Market; snap.V. ...;;..-. 2100
-125, rooms; clearsS450;;only. ..........; 7000
SO rooms; clears $150; payments.. ....¦.; 1500
'9, rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only ' 375
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75; only;. .".:'.*„ ..'...'.% 350
40 rooms; clears $108.'. . :. :. .":'. .-.'. ;V.\ . . 800
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone ¦ John 531 ."¦/-.
¦ * -'' - "> 000 Market ¦ st.', , corner Ellis. 1
$500— 8, ROOMS; eleers $75; t - big 'transient
, trade. , RETSLOF, 006 Market st. . •
$425--NEWLY furnished , house ; Larkin' st." nr.
Post; payments. I\ Meiut s.17 Mission : at.
l.OI>fiIXC; •.HOIISRS POH. SALE— Con.
GOOD transient, house ; new furniture . .'; . $1 800
3(J rms. ;¦ mechanics' hotel; -man and wife' 5 - 750
rloo 'rooms;. .country; transient; low rent." 0C00
.' 300- rooms; corner house- for men.; : . . . 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent. . o200
."5 rms. ;' Howard: rent only $65; terms V 1400
. 40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money. loaned* at 1. per cent. v , ~;'v r
Hotels,* houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL &. CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
UNFURNISHED hotel, 40 rooms; in Sar. Ra-
fael; .will 1 give lease at low. rent.' EITEL &
. CARROLL. 1032 Market st. ' . - -
COUNTRY ¦ hotels . In all parts- of the State;
fine . resort ' In Napa County: well patronized.
..-¦ EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st. . : ¦-
GROCERY, well stocked,' in Western Addition;
value $2500; will exchange -' and • give cash
. difference for lodging-house. EITEL & CAR-
.- ROLL. -1032 Market, st. '-^
10 ROOMS, a great snap; near Third st. ;?275;
come quick. EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Mkt.
A— ', ¦--•.- Near The Call" building.
MARION GRIFFIN/719 Market st- rms. 1-2.
; Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
" - " Money to • Loan. / ,i
; Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please" call. ¦
City hotel, .small; a mint..... ....-•• "-$1,500
City hotel, 30 rooms; clearing $223.... 3,250
City hotel; 60 rms.; lease; clears $400- 5,000
I City hotel; 95 rooms; lease; rent $250., 5.50Q
City hotel; 63 rooms; lease: rent $250.". 7,000
City hotel; 100 rms. ; lease; rent $300. : 9,000
City hotel; 75 rooms; lease; rent $275. 0,000
City hotel; 80 rms.: lease; clears $760. 10,000
.' Country hotel, includes real- estate. ... 4,000
Country hotel; near this city. . .". . . .... 3.500
Country hotel;. cost $SOO0. ............ 2,500
Country hotel; lease; cost $10.000. ... 7,500
Country hotel; includes real estate.. . J2. 000
68-rm. lodging-house; lease; rent $225. 0,500
115-room lodging-house ; rent $400...... 6000
WINSTON & WOLFE. -• : " ' - ¦"
> 1020 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photegraph- Gallery Entrance.) ¦ ;
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only $350
.24 rooms; rent $55; central... ........... 1650
38 rooms; rent$SO; money-maker...... 2250 j
31 rooms; rent $100; just listed. ....... 2100 1
¦ 22 rooms; rent $70; part cash 1300 !
15 rooms; rent-$C5; good furniture. ... ;i000 '
3.1 rooms;: rent $80; N. of Market..:... 2000'
63 rooms; rent . $200; lease; see this.; :.
¦: 500 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessis 2211. ; ¦ ¦ ¦
a. ... . . .... .. lodgIng-houses.. ..... .'. , .-. .
10 rooms; rent S50; modern building; good :
;. furnishings; death cause of selling. . . . $500
20 rms.; rent $70; cent, loc: mixed fur. lT>0 :
2H rms.; rent $56; bay-window house.. 1700 i
27- rooms: rent $125; lease; fine furn... 3500 1
85 rms.; rent $300; location Al; elevator^7000 I
/ Lodglng--houses and hotels to suit all i
classes ot buyers; large list; call and investi-
gate before buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th and Oth. 3J
A. CAMERON & CO.,
'.850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
> Rooms -21. 22, 23. PJione Bush 328. '
--If you havehotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyer3 call: we can -suit j
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses, -|
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
' ...... . . . . SPECIAL BARGAINS . . . .'. . . ...
6 r.; Geary; rent $25; lease; very nice. $5E0
10 r. ; all new and elegant; clears $50.. 1000 i
17 r. ; downtown; hskeeping; clears $60. 900 |
63 r. ; total expense cf house $175: aparts. 29Oo 1
Money Loaned, 1% percent. |
GEORGE W. BROWN, 783% Market St.,
Room 3 : phone Clay 46. i Money to loan, j
IS rooms; swell; bay window; newly fur.. $1000 i
17 rooms; north side; light, sunny house... 900
14 rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. 2000 !
: 16 rooms; corner bay-window house; yard.. 850
20 rooms;, rent only $50; new carpets 1200
13 rooms; for this week only; sickness... 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; income $100. 1100
i We offer any of the above on payments.
.WANTED-rA M5 to 20 roomed house; must be
reasonable; north side.- 783 & Market, room 3.
A— BEFORE buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country. It will be to your advantage to call : j
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value is in sight. Sample:
10 rooms; finely furnished $300
H. C. DECKER. Reliable Broker, 1020
Market St., opposite Fifth.
RYAN & O'ROURKE, 810 Market, rm. 81.
500 houses for, sale; some vacant houses.
Any house on payments. Money to loun.
: Title iruaranteed on all sales. ¦
Houses from 5 " to - 200 rooms.
See our big free list first.'
A few: special bargains this week. \
For a house that pays see
RYAN & O'ROURKE, 819 Market, rm. 81.
DONALD INVESTMENT "COMPANY '
850 Market st.-^(Inc).. Phone Davis 281.
. Reliable dealers ¦ In ' rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real .estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
, Loan Money at lowest rates. ;¦•.-¦ I >
Something new every day. .; :
¦ -' _;..'...-¦ . New: houses to lease. - .: !> : Y .
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market— Some bargains.
$1650—18 rooms; Kearny; all light; net $100.
$375 — 19 rms.: Jackson; good and easy wcrk.
$700 — 17 rooms; Jones; nice .business. .
$180 — 7 rooms; 3d st. Money to loan on lodg-<
Ing-houses; 70 more houses; bargains; choices.
14- ROOM house; a sacrifice If sold before April
.16; house Just renovated and handsomely. fur-
nished with entirely new furniture through-
out. Apply rooms 226-227, Parrott building,
fifth, floor. ¦' . ¦ .;,.-'¦¦.
A— NOTICE — We have roomlng-houses.all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
A— 14 ROOMS, well furnished : 4th, near Mar-
ket; price $550. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
ROOMING house of 15 rooms, for Bale; reason-
. able; all full; good reason for selling. Apply
¦ 223 Fourth st. cor. Tehama. ¦ v. - -
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer, Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. jupholster-
; lng.1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relaid. 104 14th st.; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
- tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO. , Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. . G.hT
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J." McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior. Carpet-cleaning ' Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. :, MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74. .
COLLECTION! OFFICES.
GEORGE >.W. ', KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful., Room 310. 927 Market st.
; , j ' CO TTAGE S TO : LET. '':,' '[ \ \
FOR sale 'or to rent,- new' 6-roomed cottage;
nearly completed. Apply ' 1522 Santa Clara
nve., Alameda. .".-, . -. : I'.rU -
¦^^ } ¦ -.WANTED. - : '¦;
WANTED— Five or 6 room cottage In Alameda,
' Oakland ¦ or (Berkeley; ; modern ; - furnished or
unfurnished. "Address box 1B83,': Call office.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
. . — Largest and best conducted school on the
vCoast; ten years: estab.;- we at -pupils for
home :. work, . to take | positions or to 'oren
1 business; cutting, fitting and designing; skirt
drafting a «pecialty ; millinery course unsur-
passed; corset making taught; corsets to or-
der; any pattern cut to measure; hats. trim-
med: to order. 1019:Market st. , v ¦.:.."; •'
DRESSMAKER from New,; York wishes en-
; gagement with ..famllieF;' tailor-made and
beautiful gowns. 715 Larkin st. ,
McDQWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset-making, taught; patterns cut.. 1019 Mkt.
¦;¦¦;.,,:' SriRITUALISM.
MME. LA MONTE, phrenologist, test medium,
¦. doctor of. osteopathy,- will make a special run
".• of :50c ' readings ; this, week; 'diseases dlag-
• nosed, * no . symptoms required ; : female trou-
I .ble, /kidney,-; skin "and biood 'diseases,' cured;;
fat stomachs -¦: reduced;' no : cure'; no J* pay. :
Brunswick Hotel, room C, Sixth st.
RETURNED— J. Keller, divine healer; all kinds
of diseases healed; by, the, touch of, your., gar-
ments ; chronic * diseases,- rheumatism > a" : spe-
. dalty;; satisfaction \ guaranteed.'. 408 Golden
Gate ave.; hours from 9 to 4, 7 to 9 dally. ". '
BB . sure; and read of ' Ismar's prophecy of, a
man' s raise in ¦ position and salary; ; on page
PROF; HOLTMAN. gifted"- healer; \; startling
- cures ¦¦ dally: no failures;^ free consultation.
; : . 1228 j Market 'st-v, ¦;¦'.-¦¦: „¦.:¦;' ¦:¦»/,;'-¦:¦;.¦. ;,
A^—C.V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium;- spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri.y Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 50c. ¦: 1084 Bush st.
MRS.- ' J., J. WHITNEY,' tran»e,': bus. medium;
life reader; medical. clairvoyant; sittings. $1;'
letter, $2. ,'ii 64 O'Farrell ; st.;; Elils car. ¦,
BROCKWAY'S v test : seance ' to-night; 25c;. full
: names and questions answered. -¦ 1052 Ellis st.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual \ and : cus. 1 medium ; I tobacco
¦ habit cured or no pay. rAvondale. 1424 Market.'.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance Sun-
. day. 2;and 8. p. m 4 ; 50c. s. 325 Ellis st.i ,;,-;
j EDWARD EARLE. 328 j Ellis ; j readings I dally;
phone ; Polk ; 1C01 ; • seance ' Sunday/ ami ..Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP.- Hall,: 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J."
Meyer: slttlnes daily: test to all to-n_ht: 10a.
: HELF WANTED — FEMALE— Con. _
AT> CR. HANSEN & CO.'S. :Phone Grant 185
¦ ' • Hotel Department. -¦ ¦ ' .
Head waitress, Los Angeles,' cafe, 'must un-
¦ derstand ch'sckinsr system. • no Sunday work,
fare advanced, $43 a month.
. ' 2 head waitresses, springs ....". * W
I . 10 waitresses, spring and resort hotels.... $20
Chambermaids, city and country......... .520
Chambermaids to wait, city and country. .$20
Waitresses to do chamberwork at present^
springs " . ... .•.';.:.; . . . .': • • • -$-0
Dinner and lunch -waitresses. . .... .:50c meal
. Cook, summer resort, fare paid. ........ •*•* 40
•. Laundress, resort, fare raid, same place.. $30
Manglers V. $15 mo. and $7 week
. /FAMILY DEPARTMENT. . •_; /% i
German- housekeeper, $15; housekeeper, 510;
¦': house girl, Calistoga, see party. here, family
of 2, $20; places of all kinds in this depart-
.ment for cooks, house girls, second girls,
nurse tirls, city and country, going wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush : st. . (oppo-
slte California Hotel and Theater).
A HEAD waitress for Los Angeles cafe; must
§ understand checking system; see party, here
10 a. m. to-day. Sunday: $45 a month an«l
no Sunday work; very choice place. C. R.
HANSEN & CO..- 104 Geary st. ¦.-'"-" -
WANTED— Lady solicitors on subscriptions for
The San Francisco Theatrical Guide; 'liberal
commissions. Ca'l 411 Emma ' Spreckela
building, 027 Market st. -
WANTED — Experienced srirl for. bindery,
especially for aewlnr machine and wire
: stitcher. Apply The Union Lithograph Co..
.325 Sansome st. ¦'.'-' -¦.¦-•¦¦¦¦ .
WANTED — First-class hairdresser and mani-
cure. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. :at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Experienced retouchers, piecework,
steady employment, at BUSHNELL'S. 1510
• Market st. Apply. Immediately.
YOUNG e-lrl : to assist . linht housework during
day. Apply Sunday or Monday, 133 Noe st.,
- between 9 a.m. and 12 m. , :
WANTED — French nurse to take -care of In-
fant and assist in general housework. Ad-
dress box 4911, Call: stata salary, references.
WANTED— Refined ¦ lady with : $100 cash to
make $100 monthly; Investigate. Box 4S39.
Call office. -
YOUNG girl assist- very light housework:
wages '$5 a month; good home. 305'Devls-
- adero st. - ¦-.-.. - . - -. - . ¦ '
FIRST-CLASS fitters for cloak and suit de-
partment. Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO.. cor-
ner Geary st. and Grant ave. .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
good wages. I. MAGNIN & CO., 638, Mls-
slon st., third floor. . .
GIRLS to learn how to sew; paid while learn-
lng. 656 Mission St.. third floor. V - .-.
OPERATORS on children's suits and ladles'
underwear. 650 Mission St.. third floor.
WANTED— Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A commercial traveler at once.
Box 1595. Call office.
LADY; city soliciting and saleswork: salary
and commission. 717 : Emma Spreckels bldg.
OPERATORS on- gents' custom and stock
shirts. 535 Valencia st.",
YOUNG girl to assist with child: $10 to $12
Call ¦ this afternoon. 1358 Post st.
WANTED — A girl ¦ for general housework; 3
adults In family; $15. 421 Central ave. ' -
GOOD borne for young girl willing to assist
lady; .wages $5. 513 Bryant st. - . '
10 LADIES wanted for concert hall in South-
ern California. Call 900 Market st. parlor 17.
150 OPERATORS to work In factory on ladies'
¦ underwear. 656 Mission St.. third floor.
150 .OPERATORS on ladles' waists to work In
- factory. ' 658 .Mission st.. third floor. •
GIRLS 14 to 17- for factory work. Apnly at
¦ once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on golf and
drees shirts. D: C.-HEGER. 723 Market st.
WANTED — First-class waist - hands. 11SO
. Ellis st. . . • • -
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on skirts and
.' Jackets. A. CAILLEAU. 114 Kearny st. -
WANTED j immediately — First-class tailcress ;
permanent position. 409 Geary st.
WA NTED— A neat girl to wait at table In small
restaurant.- 603%' Post >st. '
WANTED — A girl to take care of one child;
: must sleep home; $12. Apply 816 Sutter st.
GIRLS wanted: factory hands. Apply Gulf
. Bag Co., 709-711 Front st. . ' . .
WANTED— Girls to • iron shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO., 29 snd 31 Battery st.
GIRL for. general housework: plain cooking;
-small family; -wages $18. 1401 A' Scott st.
WANTED — Character woman who does spe-
cialty. Call Monday, MOORE, 538 Ellis st.
WANTED— Young girl assist in light house-
" work.." 3- Frankfort ; ave..,. off 13th. " ., .r "
FINISHERS on. coats. $12 per week; also ap-
- prpntlce.". 344 Tehama st. . ; - -" ¦ • .; •
WANTED^ — Girl or young woman to • do j light
housework t in Alameda; 5-room cottage; 2 in
family; good, home for ( right .person; wages
$10 per month.; 2045 San, Antonio ave.. Ala-
meda.' -¦ .,, ¦ /
WANTED — Experienced S operators on women's
waists;; steady ' work;' electric power; good
: pay. ¦ MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st. ' ¦ .-
WANTED — First-class ' sewers on ladles" shirt
waists, sun" bonnets, skirts, etc.- ¦ H." FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell st. •¦¦.-. ¦ ., ¦> ¦
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32^ Fremont
st. MR. DAVIS. ' .-. .¦
WANTED — Experienced : coat • hands ¦ and ope-
ratoi-s. Dressmaking ; Department, ' White
- House." . *- . 1 - • ¦ • ¦ : '-_ .
RESPECTABLE woman of 30 years to do cook-
ing, and" light housework;^ small family; ref-
erences. ,716 Franklin st. . . . ' ¦-.•
Halrdresslng, .massage, ¦ manicuring, bleaching.
¦ dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College. 1238
. Market, rm.: 94; splendid positions; day;. "eve.
GIRLS • about 16 years. of age will find plenty
of good-paying, work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32%. Fremont st.. MR. DAVIS. ; :, -
WANTED— Finishers on pants, $9 to $10 week.
,108.Battery st-> < '
GOOD •." tailoress ¦, and - button-hole makers;
steady ; good wages. AD-HOENIQ. 819 Post.
GIRL' wanted for general housework. 2027
Vallejo! St., between Laguna and Buchanan.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats wanted. 8.
N.-WOOD & CO.. 27 ¦ Geary st - - ,
LADY- of Indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right- party.
-F. FERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
HAIRDRESSING— Day. and evening school for
-."poor girls; trade : guaranteed in 2 wka. ; cost
- "$4; manicuring, massage, bleaching, switches;
3 girls for, private customers assured $50 per
¦ mo. ; * bring ad. • and get ' 60c discount COL-
LEGE. - 233 Geary st.; ' rooms 13-15. •
BUTTON-HOLE ' makers ; on . coats and vests;
.finishers on coats and pants; girls to learn
' tailoring; steady employment. . .BELASCO A
HARRIS CO., 641 Market st. ,
FINISHERS on coats and pants, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
-, Market st. ,-•' . ¦¦'.¦ " ¦..¦-. ___ _
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
. cary. -LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32 K Fremont
_ St.; MR. DAVIS. ¦..--. -
150 OPERATORS to work In factory on ladles*
• underwear.. 656 Mission St.. third 'floor. -
WANTED — Cook in private family; wages $30.
Apply , 115 Beulah st: • - ¦:.,¦ ... .
150 OPERATORS on ladles' waists, to .work In
factory. .- : C58 .- Mission - st.* » third floor.
GIRLS ' about 1 16 .'years' of j age will find plenty
.' of good-paying work. . LEVI STRAUSS &
- CO.. 32% Fremont St.. MR. DAVIS.
FIRST-CLASS . stenographer; state experience
and -where, last-, employed; - Box 4807, Call. -
GIRL v: for. general : housework. Inquire 1512
¦ ¦¦Polk st. "'¦¦¦ ¦fTi; j." ...: : -,. ¦_ >.-{¦: . - ~. .-,
YOUNG- girt to help with care of 2 small chil-
dren.; , 469 Haight , st.; In rear. ... . . ,
FINISHERS on^ cloaks wanted 'immediately
. M: . SIMINOFF. 1228 Market , st .--¦.. 7^ '
WANTED — Girl to set type; steady Job to right
. party. ¦¦ . 1008 Mission" et. • : ; V - . S
500 GIRLS, . all sizes, ¦ for 0 May ;.day. Aerial
Park, i Eleventh ;and,: Market sts.
-^^
___|__________^^_^^^
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course ; short-
¦¦ hand' speed class,. $2 'mo. ,927 Market, r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at ¦ Call branch ; office.' 2200 Fillmore.
A' BRANCH i office Tor; Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions , , has ; been , established at 1096
Valencia st.' r ,..' . -¦ .;;.-'.;-,'
-; :"'•; >/¦*'- HELP. AVAKTED- MALE. -
WANTED— For f large \ office '' furniture ¦¦¦ estab-
= lishment, first-class experienced shipping and
- Btock clerk; muat be experienced packer- no
. fee. 'Independent 'Employment Bureau 528
; Montgomery : st.,^ room ; 1.- V-
WANTEp— A. reliable man with $150 to invest
in established business that will, pay him $ia
to n *S° P _\ r ft^ ek: no <«PW>«nce required; llgM
.work. .410 Kearny st..,room 36. „
FIRST-CLASS male and female: sing with Ce-
__s_n___g^P
W^ N 'TE D — Retail? salesman;, state- line most
: ¦ familiar j with, references rand- wages expect-
1 - ed. ; Box 4910. Call office. r ;;: ¦ - CJLiwcv
HELP WASTED — >1ALE---.Coi».
..'..... .TO-DAY, SUNDAY .'..
TO-DAY. SUNDAY •
..:.... TO-DAY, SUNDAY
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 42» Bush St.
;.... . . FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA
500 teamsters ..." -¦.¦• f 2 , a f* y
, 500 laborers ;;:tr/.T.'.....|^ a day
00O rockmen ••„ •- a *] ay
100 muckers _•,•*;* a ° ity
100 plowholders J 2 , ~? a ° av
100 wheeler-loaders f - -"_' a ° ay
20 powdermen • ?- ~*> a ° uv
20 stonemasons ** a tSay
".".";;% ::.".. Ship moraine and night •-••
Free fare ...: : ¦• Free fare
......Male entrance, 12 Berry place......
C. R. HANSEN & CO 423 U3n 8t -
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cooks waiters, dishwashers and others.....
C. R.HAXSEN& CO ....... 429 Bush st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third at., phone Bush, »Co.
. RAILROAD LABORERS -.t,™
FREE FARE ..FREE FARE
SPECIAL SUNDAY.
100 teamsters, Nevada.... ?2 to $2 2o per day
Gang of laborers, Nevada $2 to $- —> oay
SHIP DAILY.
Ship To-Day 3 p. to., for R. iw
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber wood^,
$20 to $65 month and board, fare advanced.
10 lumber pliers." f 2 P« r ay .
2 experienced edgermen ?3 per day
2 head setters or screw turners....?.- per day
8 bridge carpenters ........^.$3 per day
lcarpenter *<° P er mo " t) *
5 laborers, near city • • • • • • ?2 per day
3 teamsters, near city..$l 25 day and board
City teamster....:. •*-' P«r da y
S !?"? m ! n .f n . d .!?f.^.|« to^el'^Vmonin
Horseshoer, country $3 per day and found
3 cabinet makers, city $3 per day
MURRAY & READY .634-638 , Clay st.
Phone Main 6343
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
...;....... TO-DAY, SUNDAY
TO-DAY, SUNDAY
Ship to Nevada to-day. Sunday
FREE FARE
. 1000 teamsters, laborers, drillers, rockmen.
hammersmen. carpenters' helpers, mawns
helpers, etc " •••• *
All for R. R. work
STATE OF. NEVADA
Fre« faro Bhip to-day
Wages $2 to $4 day •
3764 men for different positions, wages from
$15 to $125 per month. For full lists call
down and read our bulletin boards..........
Office open to-day. Sunday, 8 a. m. to 1- m..
MURRAY - & READY 634-636 Clay St.
MEN and women to do copying home; $3 to $18
weekly working evenings; no canvassing; in-
close stamp. King Mfg. Co.. Qulncy St., Chi-'
cago. ¦ ' _
WANTED — First-class silk and dresa goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' ¦
MEN to distribute circulars, . samples, tacit
signs, etc.; no canvassing; good pay. A.
Smith Advertising Asa'n. Washington. P. C.
WANTED — Light comedian and character
comedian; must do specialty and be- good
drersers: call Monday. MOORE. 533 Kills.
WANTED — First-class distributors and mark-
ers. Oakland Laundry Co.. 690 Twenty-
ninth st.. Oakland. ' '
BARBER; good; steady; will board. Apply
after 1 o'clock Sunday at 1035 Guerrero st.
BUSHELMAN and presser. California Clotn-
ing Renovatory. 287 OTarrefl at.
EXPERIENCED tucker on machine; good pay.
121 Post st.. 3d floor, room F.
WANTED— An Al line etcher. BOLTON A
STRONG, 510 Montgomery st.
WANTED — First-class coat and pant* raake-
ers. VALENTINE. 347 Buah at.
CASH boys with 'references. Apply at LIV-
INGSTON BROS., 123 Post st.
WANTED — First-class coatmaker. Apply RO-
SENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1108 Market st.
LEARN proofreading: sits, secured,' $15 to $23
wky. Home Correspondence School," Phlla.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply HOLM & NA-
,.THAN. 512 Market st. - - "
BASTERS on coats; steady employment. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
TWO barber shops at a bargain; one with llv-
" ing rms. -nicely furn. Inquire 2303 Howard.
A' CLOTHING man and a shoe man. FRANK
BROS., cor." Kearuy and Sacramento sts.
DISHWASHER wanted at 400 Tenth St., San
Francisco. •
WANTED — Errand boy. Call Monday between
' 10 and 11. 907 Market st. . ... : ;
WANTED — Sawyers to operate large circular
barrel stave and heading saws; - also several
. strong and active boys. - Apply California
Barret Co.. 22d and Illinois sta., Potrero.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 33; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate-habits, who can speak, read and writs
English. -'- For information apply to Recruit-
Ing Officer. "121 New Montgomery st.. San
I Francisco, cr Masonic building. Sacramento.
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, lst-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo. ; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
. to 4 p. m., ex. Sun., 669 8th st.. Oakland, Cal.
WANTED — Young man. experienced black-
smith, country Job. J.- H. DUTCHER,
Livermore, Cal.
YOUNG man to - solicit for merchant tailor;
wages and commission. 1125 Market St., bet.
• Seventh and Eighth. .
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply. REISS BROS. St CO.. 2i Suttsr St.
WANTED — A man with $300 to Join m» In th»
real ¦ estate business. Box 4903. Call office.
YOUNG man. willing to work for his educa-
tion. California Business College.. 303 Larkin.
TODNO boy to learn confectionery. 1208 Pollc
, St.. E.'HELKENBERQ.
$25 I STARTS you making $3 to $3 daily; no
canvassing. 935 Market St.. room 13;
WANTED — Recruits for th« marln* corps, XJ.
S.- navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of goo4
character, between the ages of 21 and 38- not
. less than B feet 4 Inches -and not over 9 f aet X -
Inch; abl« to speak and read English. For
further Information apply nt tha Racroltlns
Office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only flnt-clasa
men need apply; technical man profarrad* no
attention paid to answers unless giving full
detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box 4810. Call. • ¦ '
WANTED — Solicitor for a larg* mtrlni Insur-
ance company In city: must harw first-alasa
address, ability and larga aoqualntanc*
among merchants; salary aod. comnilsslon.
Box 4S63,,CalI office.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman to handls
diamonds and watches; city stor*; first-class
salary and permanent position to right ™*n,
MEN to learn barber trade; -barbers -tn de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated!
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno Rouse proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.t 130*lars*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
A GENTLEMAN of . Indomitable energy an<t
push; good opportunity for right man. F
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
ERRAND boy for wholesale hardware store*
cigarette smokers need not apply. Box 4503
Call office. . . ~!
HANDY- man 'around a Sausalito home to take
care of horse.. garden, etc Apply 1523 How-
ard st. -before 9 o'clock.
WANTED — Reliable young man with • »om»
cash; $15 week; steady place. BROWN. 1221
Market- st.. 1 -. ¦ ¦ .
BARBERS — Best 3-chalr ehoD la the city for
'-. sale; good trade. Box 4847. Call office.
A: BOSS carder wanted. Address Santa Rosa
Woolen Mills. Santa Rosa, Cal. «*»•
EXPERIENCED overall cutters. HEYNE—
MANN & CO.. 410% MlsBlon st, -, . -77 .
APPRENTICE boy for pattern shop; must not
use tobacco. Box 4800, Call. -
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler and diamond setter: per-
manent Job; . good wages. Box 4S70. Call.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tut-
tlon. S. F. Barber. College. 741A Howari.
P^ N . S i? N .. and extra P*T- "Write SHERWOOD,
624 Markt.; past com. Wattrous Post.G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. »
GET your rhoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
¦ to 50c. ; S63 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d st3.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
clg. Past Com.:Geo.,H. Thomas Post. Q.A.R.
ALL- sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, . half
price. Sg3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A boy about ib for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office. .
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shows.
;60c up; aollng 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. Sth.*
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. neat Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. -, 25c night; reading rooms;
• free 'bus" and baggage to and- from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 10!W
¦ Valencia st.
For Employment Wanted, Etc./ Sea
Page Thirty-Eight.
SAK FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9.CJ0 p. m.
o!5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p.m.
3O3C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CUIBCU SERVICES.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
— Rev. F. W. Clampett, D.D., rector. Holy
communion. 7:;so a. m. Sunday-school. SJ:30
a. m. Morning service, 11 o'clock, by the
rector, j^ternuon service at 4 o'ciock, ad-
dress by the assistant. Special — People's one-'
hour service, s p. m. Sermon by the Rev. J.
P. D. Lloyd, rector of St. Mark's Church,
Keattle. Music by full choir. All Beats free.
You are welcome.
UNITARIAN Church (First), SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister; Rev. Dr. £tebbins, minister emer-
itus; Chas. A. Murdock. superintendent of
Sunday-school. The Sunday-school is at 10
o'clock. A service of prayer and praise in
memory of Rev. Horatio Btebbins, t>/J., will
be held at 11 o'clock. In accordance with
his wishes there will be no eulogy. Rev.
Bradford Leavitt will conduct the service and
preach a sermon. All are cordially invited.
There Is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and
Twentieth sts. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore. min-
ister; William Wertsch Jr.. musical director.
Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock. At the morn-
ing service Rev. George W. Stone will preach
and the musical programme will lncluds
"The Lost Chord," for four Instruments;
Schubert's "La Jeune Rellgeouse," a soprano
eolo and vocal trio. In the evening Mr. Stone
will lecture on "The Churches and the
Bosses" tnd the programme will include an
instrumental duet, cello solo and bass solo
by Mr. McCurrie.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento st. — Services at 11 '
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Rev. William Kirk!
Guthrie will preach both morning and even- '
ir.g. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m.; Christian
Endeavor at ti:15 p. m. ; Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at 8 o'clock. . All are cor- ;
dially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia sts. — Rev. John Hemphill,
1XD., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge. as-
sociate pastor. Morning service at 11, even-
ing service at 7:30. Dr. Hemphill will preach |
at both services. Topic, a. m., "Waxing In-
iquity and Waning Piety." Topic, p. m.. -'A
Oood Model lor Young People." Morning
Sabbath-school at 10; afternoon Sabbath-
• school at 12:30; Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:3C p. m.
All are cordially invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pastor. At 11 a. m. Rev. George A. Gates,
D.D.. president Pomona College, will preach.
topic, "The Way. the Truth and the Life."
At 7:45 p. m. the pastor will preach, topic,
"Ye Are the Salt of the Earth." AH are
cordially invited.
THIRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth St..
near Mission — Rev. William Rader, pastor;
11 a. m.. "The Thirst of the Soul"; 7:30 p.
m.. "The Religicus Life of Young People."
A rally of young men and women. Praise
cervice, followed by a sermon. All Invited.
"^AltK Congregational Church, 1649 Hayes St.,
nesr Central ave. — Professor R. R. Lloyd
will preach morning and evening; morning
«ibject. "The Three Groups in the Garden";
7::>0 p. m., subject, "Waiting to See the
End." A grand concert will be given at the
church en Thursday, evening, April 17, under
the leadership of Mrs. Jessie Dean Moore, in
which some of the finest ,. talent In the city
will take sart.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St..
near Webster — Rev. F. B. Chertngton. D.D.,
pastor, will preach at 11 a.' m., subject
"God"s Hand on Human Life"; 7:15 p. m*
first veF]?er service will be held, beginning at
7:15 and closing at 8 o'clock. Service to
consist of responsive reading and short ad-
dress. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. The
public cordially invited. • - '
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Pastor. Rev.
Philip Coonibe: residence. 3415 Jackson St.;
telephony Jackson 1941. Sermon themes.
II a. m.. "Christian Efficiency in an Ener-
getic Age"; 7:45 p. m., "Overcoming Skep-
ticism in an Age of Investigation." Sunday-
school. 9:45 p. m.; Christian Endeavor So-
<-l«-ty. 6:45 p. m. Seats free. A cordial wel-
come for every one.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, will preach at
11 a. m. on "Numbering Our Days," and at
7:45 p. m. on "The Twelve Foundations."
Muf=ic by larg* chorus, I. E. Blake, director.
Seats fr»>e. All invited. Sunday-school at
12:45 p. m. Epworth League at <>:15 p. m.
CENTRAL Church. Mission Ft., between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors. Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbert F. Briggs; II a. m. service and ser-
mon: 12:45 p. m.. Sunday-school. Rolla V.
Watt, superintendent: 6:15 p. m.. societies
of Christian Endeavor: 7:30 p. m.. concert; 8
p. m.. sermon. Herbert F. Brtg-gs will preach
morning and evening. Organist and choir-
master. Roscoe Warren Lucy. The seats are
free end the people are welcome.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett St., near
Twenty-third — Morning 6ervlce. 11 o'clock;
preacher. Rev. J. George Gibson. Evening,
7:45. A musical evening v.-ith Tho. Du Bois.
All the organ music will be from "The Seven
LaFt Words of Christ." Barytone solos (1):
"King of Kings" (Du Bois): «2) "Beautiful
Dav" fDu BoIr). Rev. J. George Gibson; <3)
"Close to Thy Hand" (Marston), Mr. Otis M.
Carrinsrton. ;
CEVENTH-DAY Adventlst Church. 914 La-
guna et., bet. McAllister and Golden Gate
ave. — Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock
by th» pastor. Eider W. S. Sadler; subject,
"revolution Examined by Science and the
Bible." A <*ordial invitation is extended to
all. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block. 223 Suttor st., between Kearny= and
Orant nvc— Chriptian Science service at 11 !
«. m. : subjw-t of lesson-sermon. "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday-school for children at
the ?emo hour. Wednesday evening meeting
»t S o'clock. Free reading-rooms. 206 Kearny
rt.. rooms 509-510. AH are welcome.
AE?EMBLY Hail. 15 Polk st, rear Market—
Mr.' Alfred Mace will give .Gospel addresses!
Sunday, April 13. 3 p. m., "The Kingdom of I
Jlpaven — What -Is It?" Sunday. April 13. j
7:45 p. m.. "The Kindness of God"; Thurs-
rtay. April 17. 7:45 p. m.. "Silence and Great
Vetoes in Heaven; the Two Witnesses." On
Tuesday evening. April 15. Mr. Zellweger,
T«K-entIy of Los Angeles, will address the
ntecting. All welcome. All Is free.
A GREAT maes meeting of men only, thi* Sun-
day afternoon, at 3 o'clock, at the Young j
Men's Christian Association auditorium. Ma-
pon and Ellis sts. Address by Rev. Win. !
Kirk Guthrie. pastor First Presbyterian
Church. Sperial solos by Mr. H. H. Barn-
hurt, the popular barytone. Seats free and
all your.sr men invited. ' "
BENJAMIN FAY~MILLS will lecture under the
auspices of the Unity Club, at Golden Gate
Hall, this evening, at 7:45 o'clock. Subject,
"The Most Ancient Religion — Hinduism."
Music by the T'nity Club Male Quartet. Ad-
mission free. No seats reserved. Doors open
at'7:15.
REV. W. D. TAYLOR of the Christian Catholic
Church will hold services at hia new taber-.
nacle. corner of Valencia and Fifteenth sts.,
st 3 p. m. and 7:30. Subject, "God's Power
in Saving Men and in Healing Their Bodies."
All are cordially Invited.
HOME of Truth Christianity), 1231
Pine st.. near Hyde— Sunday services at II
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Weekly meetings Mon-
day at S r>. m. and Tuesday at 3 p. m. All
are welcome. . _ ,
THEOEOPHICAL Society. — Pacific Coast head-
quarters. Odd Fellows' building. Public lec-
ture to-night at 8 o'clock by Mr. W. J. Wal-
lers; Fubject. "The Creatures of Our!
Thoughts." Lecture illustrated by ftereopti-
ccn views. Inquirers' das* end children's
croup, the "Golden Chain." Sunday. , 11:30
a. m. Public meetings Tuesday at 8 p. m.,
Wednesday and Thursday afternoons at 2:30.
Lending Library open daily from 1 to 4.
THEOSOPHICAL S^i^tyTGoTdeiTGate Lodge.
— Free public lectures every Sunday at 8 p
m.. Flood building. 8C9 Market Bt. Subject
to-nieht. "The Dharma of the English Sneak-
ing People.? by Mrs. Mary C, Bell. Public
cordially invited. Good music. Bible clars
Sundays. 11 a. m.. conducted by Miss Walsh.
Inaulrers' mee*!nr* Thursdays, 2:30 p. m.
Taik on Theosophical Principles. Fre» lend-
ing library open daily, 1 to 4 p. m.. and Sun-
day evrnlnrB. - •
MEETIXGS-L-SUXDAv7
AA— DR. J. nEPKW KERGAN'S fre*TimIst
trated lecture this evening at Crystal Hall.
Pythian Canle, JKm Marliet su; subject "The
Wonders of the Human Hye." followed by
views of "A L»ay In Oxford." Free tickets
will be dlstribut^J for X-ray exhibition at
Sanitarium .Tuesday evening; question box. j
AT 117 Larkin. inspirational spiritual church
meeting; also truthrul messages by Dr. C E
Wheeler, Katie HeuEsman; admission free. *
L.ADIES' AI-3 tP<rt benff.t Tuesday ovenins, i
Anril 15. at 11G4 O'Farrell, by Mrs. '<. I
Cowell of Oakland.
MRS. D. N. COLBY has returned: sittings I
daily; circles Tuesday evenings. 10*1% Va- j
lencla £t.
MRST WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circle to-
nipht and Wed., S; Tuesday, 2p. a; sittings
daily. • *¦ - - ¦ 'THE SAlSr FRANCISCO: CALL, SUNX>AY, ;APBIIi / 13, 1902.
37
REAL ESTATE— CITY-— FOR / SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. '
';',•, ¦ . ;¦;- -,,-. -63S- Market st. ¦
"- -: . - . (auot^n;- ; ' ¦
, -. ¦<', '. : ': AUCTION. ' '' .
AUCTION. .
TUESDAY............ ......April 22, 1002
At Our Salesroom. No. 63S Market St., ...
- . At 12 o'clock noon. .,'¦
PACIFIC • HEIGHTS" MANSION.
Southeast corner (NO. 2424) Gough , and ..Va-
llejo sts. ; elegant three-atory and
basement residence of 16 rooms and -2 baths;
modern in all details:- excellent -marine view;
rents $1080 per annum; lot 25x90 feet. tt«
' EXECUTOR'S SALE. .
• Southwest • corner of Harrison and | Juniper
sts., between 10th and 11th sts. ;' sold far the
estate of John D. Corkeiy, deceased, and sub-
ject I to confirmation, of = Superior j Court: | lm-;
provements, stable'/ rents $10 a month; lot 30x
100 feet- ¦ . ¦ ; : •. ;¦>.". .?;
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
North side (No. ac26) Sacramento st. 29:9
feet east of Pierce st. ; modern two-story resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath; well built and in
good condition; in u very choice neighborhood;
lot 20x103 feet.
. MODERN MISSION COTTAGE.
South side (No. 2717) 21st st. 75 feet east of
Bryant st. ; handsome new modern cottage, ¦ 7
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing; porcelain
bath; high 'casement ' etc. ; street bltumlnlzed;
cement . sidewalk: lot 25x85 feet.
GOLDEN ' GATE- AVE. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1107) Golden Gate ave., 82:0
feet .west of Buchanan at; modern, ' well-built
two-story residence, 8 rooms and bath; rents
$4S0 per annum; lot 27:0x137:6 feet.
SCOTT-ST. BUILDING LOT.
East side of- Scott at, 112:6 feet north of
Ellis st. ; a choice lot. level and ready for
building; suitable for flats; street bituminized;
cement sidewalk; lot 25x93 feet -
EXECUTRIX 1 S SALE.
South side (No. 415) Oak st. 165 feet west of
Laguna st; well-built, modern cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; brick foundation; high basement;,
rents $20 per month; lot 27:0x80 feet
SAN BRUNO ROAD PROPERTY. "'¦¦¦-
East side (No. 2425) San Bruno road, near
Silver ave. ; lots 39-41. Thornton and Williams
subdivision of Silver Terrace Homestead; store.
4 living-rooms and stable; rents $18 per month;
lot 50x100 feet.
: SILVER-ST. INVESTMENT.
Northwest side (No. 30) Silver st, 478:6
feet northeast of 3d st; house 6 rooms and 2
rear flats of 3 rooms; rents 1296 per annum;
lot 22x70. •¦ ,
HARRISON-ST. FLATS.
Northwest side (Nos. 912-12%) Harrison at,
125 feet .west of 5th st. \ two flats of 4 rooms
each; rents $22 per month; lot 25x75 feet
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT. :
South side Clement st, 82:6 feet east 25th
ave.; choice building lot: street sewered; near
Sutro carhouse; lot 25x100 feet.
t ' SOUTH OF PARK LOTS.
South side of L st, 30 feet east of 38th
ave.; two fine lots In a district which a lanre
increase In value will occur shortly; lots 30x
100 feet each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
- - . . -: -63S Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. /
638 Market Street
$160,000 — Northwest corner, 100 feet front by
. 77:6 feet; 3 frontages; present Im-
provements in good condition; 2 blocks
from Stockton and Market sts. ; In the
50 varas. :
$45,C0O— Sutter st, near Stockton; lot 37:Cx
100 feet. .
$36,000 — Six new elegant modern flats of 7
¦ rooms and b?.th, 'etc. ; latest model; j
northwest corner on | Vallejo st. ; un- i
excelled marine view; lot 40x120 ftet;
rents $4000 per annum. . - ..
$15,000 — California "et.. ' near Polk; grand key
lot; 50x137:6; old improvements pay
$1020 per annum; grand site for a
•family hotel; would consider trade of
• y a Western Addition residence as part
payment * •
$14,000 — 50 feet on Sixth st, 25 feet on Morris
-.- ave. (rear street). 1C5 feet deep; near
Harrison, st. ;. present^ old improvements
pay%over 6 per cent; this Is the. cheap-
' ¦ est property on Sixth - St., and has a
- grand future.
$12,500 — Three new modern flats, 6-7 rooms and
bath; north side of Page - st, • near
Golden Gate Park; all the latest and
• up-to-date conveniences; porcelain tub;
dome ceiling; handsome mantles; mar-
ble steps, etc.'; rents $1350 per annum;
25x137:6 feet. r • .,
$8,000— Three, modern up-to-date flala, .5-6
rooms and bath; modern plumbing; I
porcelain tubs; well built; flrst-elas-s
condition: rents $780 per annum; near
Sixth and Folsom ets.
$7,500 — Make offer; must be sold to 'close an
estate; north side of Folsom st, oppo-
site Columbia Square, between Sixth
and Seventh sts.; well built ' 3-story
building containing store -and 4 flats;
rent $840 per annum; lot 25x75 feet
is alone worth the money. :
$5,250 — The heirs wish to divide the estate;
, make offer: 7 • flats, 4-3 rooms and
bath; well built and in good condition;
always rented; near Seventh and Har-
rison sts. ; lot 50x80 feet; rents $681
per annum.
$5,000 — One of the best transfer corners on
Railroad ave.. South San -Francl3Cu;
store and upper flat, 5 rooms and
bath; rents $600 per annum; corner lot !
over 50 feet front j
$3,500 — Store and house of 9 , rooms, rear '
house of 4 rooms; rents $420 per:
annum; near - Eighteenth and ' Valen- '
cia ats.; lot 25x80 feet.
$2,000— Wood at, near Point Lobos .ave.;
handsome cottage 5 rooms; lot 50 • 3 V*
xlOO feet n
$1,500 — North side of Geary st.,- near Lyon^
-cottage 5 rooms; lot 25x100; rents $11
per month.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., '
638 Market Street.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
_, „ _ „ REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents » Collected, Houses Rented and Full
Charte Taken of Property. ¦-
Ci-4 MARKET ST. V /
$42,500 — Sutter at, near Powell ; good-sized
lot: old Improvements.
$47,000— Rents $330 per month; Eddy at. east
of Van Ness ave.; six elegant modern flats of
8 and 9 rooma and 2 baths In each, t *
$75,000— Rents $430 per month; choice corner
near Fourth and Market ats.; good substantial
uuilding. / - . • _ . 1
$60,000— Rents ?275 per month ; fine three- ;
story building, half block from Orpheum
$52,500— Rents $3216 per annum; close to
Union Square; three-story and basement mod-
ern building.
$25,500 — $2100 per annum; choice NW, cor-
ner Mn Western Addition; five good two-atory
houses upon same; always rented.
$15,600 — An elegant corner in Western Addi-
tion;' three frontages; improvements 'consist of
store and flats; rents $108 per month.' > <
$22,500— Norta side of Pine at, near Van
Ness ave.; an elegant 14-room residence; -2
baths; finished attic and basement; lot 40x137:6
feet -.-• ¦ • ¦ , : \ ; . ¦ 7 : s- .-; .-¦ :-, ¦
¦ $5500 — Hotel In Mission, containing 31 ' rooms
and baths, barroom and large dining-room;
completely furnished; lot 40x100 feet /
$11,000 — Three brand-new flats on Hayes at,
near. Fillmore, of 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
rents JUT) per. month. ...... .- ... y.
- $7000— Brannan at, near .Fourth ; -lot 30x160
f eet ; 2 frontages ; j I two-atory § building - upon
came; rent $60 per : month. - - ......
$14.500 — Steiner at, "near Post; six fiats;
rents $117-50 per month. - - - • • .
I $3200 — Harriet St., near Harrison, four good
flats; rents $36 per month; always rented.
$4000 — Natoma st, near 11th; two houses of
8 rooms and bath each; rent $32 50 per month;
open for offer., ¦¦ •• , '. -
$3000— Lyon st, near Sutter; lot 30x100 ft;
old I improvementa; rent $25 per month ; tenant
paya wateF. , - - -
. $4500— Laguna at, near Ellis; good resi-
dence containing 7 rooms and bath;: rent $32.50
per month. ; -_ *¦•'*.- • •• - ...
$4500 — Julian ave., near Sixteenth; lot 30x100
feet; improvements consisting of flats and rear
house; rents $42 GO per month. r •.
" Further particular of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG, 624 Market St.
GEO. A. RAYMOND, ; .
-:¦>:¦ Roo.m 2, 7th floor, Mills bldg.
$95,000 — Downtown business property, near
. . -Market at: large lot; fine brick and
Iron building; pays good net rental.
$20,000 — Large Fillmore-Bf corner; very choice.
$1*0.000 — Large Presidio Heights corner on
• : Washington at. ; very, choice, in -every
- ' " respect.- ,*»'.' : •¦> J - .- , -; .
$11,000 — House and lot on Green at. ; unusually
aunny ; well arranged ; superb marine
. - View. ¦ -¦¦¦ ¦ ¦": - '-'a J ;, ¦•'¦ - '¦• -.-- ¦: V ••-:¦. '.-".-, '-, ¦
$12 600 — Choice Haight-at. ! corner, • 37 ; CxlOO ;
residence of 10 rooms, bath and 2 tot-
.-..¦¦ lets. .'• -¦: ! -. ¦¦,-¦ v.- -¦;.,,. ... ,,-.;.. -¦
$6 600— Octavia at, near Broadway,'. 23x137:8-
' , 2-story house, 6 rooms and bath.
$4 500 — Twenty-first St., near Noe; lot 25x114-
• . 2-story, house, and basement; can ' be
easily converted Into flats. -
$4,000— College - HelBhts;- artistic' home 7
! ' rooms, - bath > and toilet ; brand new •
• beautifully sheltered; e,aay terms. '
$6.250— Cor. • Green and Fillmore; ' 68:9x87 -6-
', - ¦ marine view.- ; '. •¦• - : j-)- >, ¦ .- . '
$3 100 — Welsh st, between Third' and Fourtlv
i 5 flats. ' v ''->¦ ¦ . .
Berkeley — Scenic ' Park; beautiful home; lot
. 50x140; house of 14 rooms; modern- in
every respect; street .graded an.I
sewered; -stone walks;, a beautiful
property at the very, low price of
$7000; half block- from the electric car
' line. - ' • , . ¦¦'¦ ; ,-•'¦- ' : 'v : ¦'¦ : - •
- I have also fine propertlea 'of 'every
. ' size and description in Ross Valley and
San Rafael. :?-,- •-..-.. ' ¦„ ,
- '¦<; - - ' GEO. A. : RAYMOND, '
'- ¦'¦ '¦ Mills .building.'^ .
$1000-^DOLORES-ST. lot THE ' MCCARTHY
CO.; 646 Market st.
REAL "ESTATE-— CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
' ; - 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
«i«- r«« INVESTMENTS.
»iui,GO0 — Kearny-st corner; ¦ 4-story and base-
ment brick building; pays 6 per cent
$45,000 — Prominent Western Addition corner;
62:6x110; new building; pays 8% per
•«,„ cen t net '. ¦ ¦ » .
$38,000— Eddy st... close in; lot 52:6x120 to
„,_ rear street; rents $210.
$35.000— McAllister'st. corner, 82:6x100; five
•; ". ;,-¦• 2-story houses in good repair; rents
,,„ „„ $220 per month.
$115,000— Large corner, 100x100.' vlclnty of
Sutter and Mason Ets.; a splendid
„,_ _„ purchase. ¦ ¦ .
31>,500 — Rents $1920 per annum; corner lot,
76x100, near Fourteenth and Market;
stores and flats.
'•j~rlv FLATS. ,. •
$20,000— Rents $170; 3 new flata on Eddy at;
lot 27:6x120. . '
*«,500 — Rents $70; 2 new flats near Waller
and Stanyan sts.
$5,250 — Carl st, near Stanyan; only $1000
. - cash; 2 splendid flats. -
$4,250— Big bargain; 2 excellent flats; Austin
street. - . .
$3,500— Rents $30; Fifteenth st, near Mar-
ket; <2 flats; lot 25x115. -
?1,400— Harriet st: 2 flats of 3 rooms each;
rents $12; lot 25x75.
RESIDENCES, ij
$25,000 — Washington at, northwest corner
Baker; modern house; lot 56x102.
$6,750— Only $1750 cash, balance $5000 can re-
main at 6 per cent; new Eastlake
house, 9 rooms and bath; Laurel st.,
near Clay.
$6,500— Only $1000 cash, balance on time;
new modern Eastlake residence, 2-
story. basement and attic; finished In
natural woods: 4 brick mantels; book-
cases; beam ceilings, etc.
$6,000 — Oak St., facing Golden Gate Park:
large lot 31x110; splendid house, 8
* rooms and bath; a positive bargain.
$5,500 — Pierce st, near Haight; modern East-
lake bouse, 7 rooms, bath, basement,
near Duboce Park.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$21,000 — Corner on Oak and Stanyan, facing
Golden Gate Park: 100x100. -
$9,000 — Jones-st corner, 70x90: marine view.
$5,750 — McAUIster-st. corner, 49:0x100.
$8,000 — Steiner at, northwest corner Waller;
50x106:3.
$4,000— Cole st, NW. cor. Frederick; 25x100.
$3,750— Waller at, corner Shrader; 30x106:3.
3 $2,600— Scott st.. near Geary; 25x93; choice
for flats. '
$3,500— Vallejo st. near Pierce; 27:6x137:6.
. $3,300— Devisadero st., near Golden Gate
ave.; 25x100, or 50 feet for $6000.
$1,850— Carl st. near Park; 25x137:0.
Send to our office for "Buyer and Seller,"
containing full list of improved and unim-
proved properties for sale; mailed free.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
INVESTMENT.
PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
BUSINESS CORNER.
Price $16,500 — Rents $150 per month.
Prominent business corner In Western Addi-
tion; lot 32:6x100; splendid building; drugstore
below with 5. rooms and bath, leased for 3
"years; 2 elegant modern flats above of 8 rooms
and bath each; all sunny outside rooms; total
rents $150 per month; $10,000 mortgage at 6
per cent can remain If desired; if mortgage re-
mains property pays 17 per cent net
Particulars at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. '
BARGAIN.
$3600 for northwest corner, facing Golden
Gate Park, on Fulton or D st; lot 132:6k
200; O lots; a positive bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et
MADISON & BURKE, ' '
(Established January, 1858.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery st, opposite Lick
Hoije.
CHEAP CORNER.
Corner Thirteenth and Klssling sts., near
Folsom; 50x73; 2 buildings; well rented; $9000.
NEW RESIDENCE.
$5000— New house; Lake st, corner of Eighth
ave.; 50x72; S rooms; finished attic and base-
ment »
: '-•"¦¦'",¦¦ ¦ * " 4
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000 — O'Farrell St.. near Polk; large
house; lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this is an
improving location. • t . . '
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000 — Market-et gore lot. intersection of
Ridley at, 89 feet on Market; covered with
stores; this la a bargain. •
$14,000 — Stockton st, near Sutter; 3-story'
brick building, paying good interest; new and
substantial, improvements. _ ... .. '.
Flats renting for $26 on Seventeenth at.,
near Castro; lot 25x100; prise $3500.
LOTS.
$3000— Corner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
sta. ; 50x100; a good corner to Improve. .
$2500 — StelneV st. near Waller; a* choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6.
$2000 — Broderick St.. near Oak; an elegant
building; near Park Panhandle.
$5WX) — San Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth at;
flata and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st.,'
near Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath; lot
£0x75.
Lots on Twentieth ave.. between Clement st. '
and Point Lobos ave. ; a choice line of lots,
$550 and $600, on easy terms if desired.
MADISON & BURKE,
¦ - 30 Montgomery at.
HAWKS & SKELTON, ~ ' '
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$40,000 — Investment in this city; 22 acres on
popular drive; street cars near by; some build-
ings; good soil; might be subdivided now at a
good profit or held for a few years and increase
greatly In value.
SCO.OOO — Kearny-st property, paying 5 per
cent net; cood brick building; in heart of re-
tail district •
$6500 — O'Farrell-st. Investment, nr. Laguna;
rents $50; never vacant; lot is nearly worth
the price. - -
f2»00 — Pays big interest: $360 rents per an-
num; Zoe at., near Third and Brannan; in good
repair.
$3500 — North side Sutter st., between Baker
and Lyon ; good house, 7 rooms and bath.
$4000 — Lot on Leavenworth at. near Green;
SOxiiO; close to Hyda or Union st cars; will
pay well if Improved.
$1800— Lot Fourth ave.. near Point Lobos;
50x120; street aewered and macadamized; will
divide.
$4500 — Lot on' Chestnut near Stockton: 6S:3
xl37; street accepted:- will par mil to im-
prove; will divide in. three lots if desired. "
$e500 — Lot S/ side Jackson,'- near Walnut; B0
xlOO, near cars and Preridio. <
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery E t.
_ _ \
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS." '
- We Excel in Prices and Locations.
$100 to $400 — Graded Ocean Boulevard lots ¦
all bargains; $5 monthly.
$500 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset lota; splendid
view of Park and Ocean; all graded; on easy
installments. « , -- - ': \'
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., near H at
$400 to $800— Unexcelled Richmond building
loU; $10 monthly. ¦ • - - .-
$1000, $1750, $2500 to $3500— Modern cot-
tages; all bargains; choice location?; easy
terma.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
... '. Room 54, Chronicle building. .
$1.400 — Splendid new modern 'cottage; '¦ 8400
cash, balance $14 per month; no taxes,
no interest. - . • •
fine modern 5-room cottage, well
,„ .. located; make your own terms. / .' .
83,000— An elegant 7-room dwelling on Twen-
, ty-second atreet. near Noe ; terms I to
suit. ,. ¦
I5.C00 — A large fine modern house of 9 rooms;
_ Haight st; a cholco bargain:
35,<00 — Page st; 9 rooms; elegant; cheap and
on easy terms. -.
$9,000— New handsome building of three flata;
well located; rent $1000; Income 1 per
cent,
f 10,000— Situate on the Park:' Income ' 1 per
cent per month; easy terma
WELLS & SAUNDERS, ft?0 Market at.
AN elegant residence. Just completed Is open
for inspection; it is a two-story." basement
and attic, building in style of the majestic
simplicity of the English renaissance; the In-
terior is In keeping with the artistic ex-
. ttrlor; the, finishing is of gray fumed hak and
redwood, with beamed ceilings and paneled
walls; on the principal floor is a reception
hall, a large living room, a dining-room,
kitchen" and culinary appurtenances; bed
chambers and a smoking-room are the fea-
tures of the second floor and attic, while in
the - basement Is quarters for . domestics,
laundry, etc. E. N. FRITZ. Ashbury st, near
Frederick; take Halsht or Ellls-st. cars,
transfer to Masonic. .... . ¦ _% -.' -¦
CHEAP, new cottage 0 rooms; all modern, im-
provements; large lot; high . finished - base-
ment; on S. F. and San Mateo car. line. Se»
owner on premises, Chenery and Falrmount
tta. ; email amount cash, balance like rent.
THE cheapest good -lots on: Pacific Heights;
¦ Pierce et, between Broadway and ¦ Vallejo;
near new car line. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
€40 Market at. ¦
£575— CORNER lot near ' Min ion-st'. car house.
, THE MCCARTHY CO., 640 Market at. -j
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR . SALE.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO., - - ' • ¦ '
1 v . . ¦ ,-. • . - 20 MONTGOMERY STREET.
• $70,000-^-Retail • corner; ;", fine brick
building; half cash;pays,7 per. cent net; close
to Market : and Kearny sts..
---'CHOICE CORNER— RENT $240.
' $32,500— Fine : 4-story brick . building ; ;' 75 feet
frontage ; ;¦', northwest ; •-• downtown corner; . pay3
over ; 7 • per ,- cent, : ¦ . ;, :;.'..'
UNION SQUARE BARGAIN.
: $56,500 — Well • improved key' lot- with- depth
of 137:6 feet. y
HOWARD-ST. BARGAIN. " J '-"i" ¦*: <
'¦:¦¦ $12,750— RENT $100 1 A MONTH. •
"Reduced price; elegant 3-story building, close
to Sixth st; always rented; must sell at once. :
V. '¦':•- BUSINESS : CORNER.' V ; . ,'
$8500— On. Folsom st.v near new wire works; ;
corner store and fiat;. one tenant; $C0 a month; j
will.be raised to $80 at expiration of two-year i
lease. ¦ :' :• .'-'-.,; :. -J. ; . : ¦; ¦¦,;.; ' \ ¦;- ,*¦
' : SPLENDID INVESTMENT. ' : ;!'¦
$25,000— RENT. $202 A" MONTH. .
Prominent business corner of four stores and
four flats; transfer point; always rented; great
future. • r . • .;. '
. ¦ ;'-¦ '¦ SUTTER-ST. INVESTMENT." :¦* : . '.' .
r, $25, 000 — Rents $130 a month; '4 fine houses of
9 rooms and bath each; large. lot, 76x90. ; ."
• SIXTH-STy BUSINESS PROPERTY. --
\ $6000 — Rent: $55; store .and upper part;, has
great", future; very .'cheap. .?,-.; -'..,'->¦ , ;¦¦ -.
V •->'.:' RARE CHANCE/ . / -
v : --.GRAND CORNER FLATS.- 4 ¦/ -..'
$24.000 — Pays about $200 a . monllV; • corner
flats;. best part of AV. A.; big bargain; should
be seen at once.:' , , ;. . ¦ \ .
. FORECLOSURE 'SALE. •- . " X
$9000— Large lot. 60x125; only half of lot Im-
proved ; ' which pays $($4 a month ; ¦ choice loca-
tion on Geary st. ; any reasonable offer., consid-
ered. ¦;¦'..- ' .: ' ' ; ;. ( -, _%{ .¦.,-,'
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT. "
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$5500— Rent $60 50 a month; store and upper;
near Fourth and Folsom sts. .= , . / '
$3800— RENT $36 A MONTH.
..Butcher store and flat; always rented; cen-!
tral location; improving; iowner must sell. .
' ¦- . '*. - '. ¦ * ' ,- : / .. . , • .
HOWARD-ST. BARGAIN.
$18.500— Present rent $100 a month; 3-story
building formerly rented at $175 a month; cor-
ner and large lot, near Sixth; building alone i
cost the moneyj •¦.• ~ .. ;~
; PARK FLATS— BIG INTEREST. • r '
$11,750 — Rent $09 50 a month; 6 fine modern
flats and large lot,. (50x82 :G.
HERE's/a. SNAP.
$10,500 — Reduced froin $12.000— Three 2-story
houses;- renting ;for $82 50; can be raised to
$100; . could not be built for theprice of the
property; and a lot, 46x120, to rear street; no ,
improvements : on , rear. '- ¦/,¦: : : .
• : SIXTH STREET.
$13,000— Large lot, 50x160. less small through
to rear, that present rents $75; has good future.
* DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$15,000 — Rent $300; can be Increased to $400;
3-story building; east of Polk st. ; 1 tenant. §
- -- BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
N ' ., ¦::'...:¦¦: 20 Montgomery st.
SPECK & CO., CG7 Market st.
j ¦ Opp. Kearny, • Real . Estate Agents and .
i ¦ Rent . Collectors. ;
$175,000 — Corner within 2 block's from Market
. : and Powell sts. : modern brick build-
ing; stores and 100 rooms; rents about
• i* $900.- ¦ - - ' . • •
$110,000^Downtown investment; rents $9C0O;
cash secured lease: 1 tenant. * ul
$55,000— Half block .from Orpheum/ 1'. 'block
: from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
.. • Flood building; stores and - lodging-
houses. .-:¦-*• " . ' '
,$50,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner, inside of Larkin;
70x77:6 feet; r/ents $285; mortgage
$24,000 can remain.
$45,000 — Second-st. ' corner, few j blocks .¦ from
Market st. ; partly improved; lot 130
• xlOO feet. '- - •' "-,- . "
$38,500 — Sansome-st corner; G8:0xlS7:6 feet;
- want offer. *¦ ; * .
. $35,000 — McAllister st. ; corner; 85x38; good
- •• -Improvements; rents $220. - ¦>'¦
$30,000— Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
V flats; building cost $25,000; lot 68 :9x
71; rents $2450 »er year. " .
$30,000 — Geary st, near Jones; fine improve-
ments; rents $170. ¦ '
: $20,500— O'Farrell St., nr. Jones; 34:4x137:6 ft
$22,500— North Beach gore corner; 75x110 feet;
">' .- stores and flats; rents $216. • '
$11,000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter
' • sts,; rents $90. ;
$10,000— Golden Gate ave. flats; lot 27:6x120
feet; 2 frontages; rents $77 50; this Is
a bargain. . '
$9,500— Rents $103; lot 50xS0; downtown in-
• • vestment, - - .' -
*, $5,500— Geary-st." corner; .'62- feetr frontage;
»_-i.-^"' half of property Improved; cheap buy.
$5,500—6 flats; half block from new postofflce
'-.'. building; rents $52. -
$2,000 to $.{000 — Cottages In Mission and
, • Western Addition. Call. for list.
. - RESIDENCES. .» / •.
$15,000— Modern Jackson-st residence; • 12
rooms ¦ and bath; rents $100; near
. Alta Plaza.
$0,750 — Cozy Page' st-. residence; vicinity
. : Park Panhandle; every. modern con-.
: venience; lot 25x100 ft. :
, CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
] $30, 000 — 137:0x128; . northwest corner Gough
st; marine and panoramic view;
' ' choice residence site. /
$5 000—100x100; 1 . block from Golden Gate
Park. •
$3,500—75x250 feet; Castro-st. corner; 3
. frontases. :
1 SPECK & CO., 667 Market st ,
LYON & HOAG, .'
, 114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
Send for' our complete printed list of prop-
erty for sale in all sections of the city.
$2,600 — Lot 55x120. with 2. frontages; rent $26;
Lombard, near Steiner; only % of lot
Improved: big bargain; to. close estate.
$13,000 — Rent f 114; could be increased; Pine
st, near Steiner; lot- 50 feet front,
. through to rear street; ¦ improvements
good; always ranted; good investment'
$8,000— Close to Page and Ashbury sts. ; 3 bay-
window flats, containing 5 and 6 room3
, , and bath, etc., each; total rents $72 50.
AN -UP-TO-DATE HOME. .-
$2,850 — ?500 cash; Tenth ave., near J St., .2
blocks south of the Park; contains \6
large rooms; latest sanitary. plumbing;
lot 23x120.' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ..-¦
$7,000-^-Rent $70, per month; 2 handsome . flats
, on Cole St.; Panhandle district; con-
¦ - ." -tain 6 and, 7 large; sunny roorn-^ and
• all latest conveniences; kitchen In cen-
ter, of house; dining-room is paneled;
all rooms prettily : tinted ; lot 30 feet
\- front. ' - ¦ ''--¦. - 1 ' ..-•-¦ . ' ¦ ' : -. ' ¦ ;
$9,750 — Rent $90 50; 3 new. flats on. Frederick
, ~ st.,', close to Park ;• contain 6 and 7
. '.rooms and. bath each; lot 25x105 % fine
.Interest-paying property. ' ¦» \ t-
$5,500— Pacific j at.,- near.- Leavenworth; - . lorge
lot," 45x62:6; improvements, . atore and
flat;.' rents $40; could ba increased.-
$7,000 — Rent $65; two brand new Waller-st.
flats, 6 . rooms, etc.',' each;-' key " lot;
good light and sun;, splendld'bargain.
$5,500 — Rent $49 ; offer wanted ; Liberty st..'
near' Guerrero ;i lot.. 30x114; 2 flats. 5
: and 0 "rooms and bath; -best light 'and
— • , sun; always rented. ' .
$12,500— Splendid corner investment In the pop-
. •' ular Panhandle district; 4 'fine sunny
i flats ; always rented ; lot- 52x104 ; nor-
. tion of lot vacant; rent $100.. v "-•
$70,000— Rent $6000 per annum; ¦ leased to . one
-.- -.'• tenant; fine building; heated by steam;
lighted by. electricity; light and sunny;
handsome: front: .splendid investment;
e not far ¦ from " Sutter j and • Hyde - sts. ;
very large lot; .offer wanted. ' w »—
LYON:&.HOAG. 114 Montgomery* st."
O.-D, BALDWIN & SON,/ -A, .-:
¦ .:¦'- ¦- . ¦¦ 22 Montgomery st
$18,000— Rentsj $155; 3 handsome splendidly
built: new -flats 'of 8 rooms and bath 1
•¦ . r >..each; large lot on sunny_ aide of 'Sut-
• -; ter st. ;' fine : location. ¦• *, '' ... .-•;
$S50-rLot 20x75, on Church st; "near 23d. . ;
$1,750— 29x75; lots on 17th : st, near Diamond;
/ - .-.on grade and accepted; only one block
" ' : ~/ from -Castro and- 18th-st.~ cars. •
¦ $750^— 17th st;, near Douglass;; lots 25x85; 2
.-.:.•• frontages. . • ' - -, . ' . -
$1,100— Lot- 25x100; Clement ,Bt.. near Scc-
. . ¦• ond ave. :-',-'. • .
$2,750— Reduced '¦ from ' $3000; lot 25x100 on
sunny side of Halght -st, near Baker;
. ¦ cheapest on the street/ O
I $1,000 — Lots - on I north line of I Geary : st.,' west
¦ • '¦* i of Central ave.; 25x100; street work all
1 ' ?\" done; cable cars; only $1000 each: .:"•»
$5,00O- r Flne .cottage of -7-. rooms ;,-j»orceIaln
bath, : . two K toilets,'^ concrete 'basement
-.. , and, yard;' Scott ;st," near Hayes. ' -.,-
$2,500 each— Three, elegant Ipvellots; Larkin
, at, near Pacific;^25x87:6; street ao-
just the. place for flats.,- '
$7,000^-Corner on Ninth 8 t. fiOxlOO; a bargain
$2,600 — Rents $28 ":per month; > 2-story house)
- ; • saloon ; below; 'flat- of- 6: rooms above-
. *, : Clara near; Fourth. '-••>,'), ¦.,-¦ . . '
$42,000-^-0^0108 . corner on :. Van Ness ave. ' 60x
• 109 'feet: fine -hotel .site. - ¦,, ,
$12,500— Rents $105; , two splendid . new flats,
¦- .',- : .6 and .7. rooms and bath each;: finished
in natural ilwoodg 5 and ; perfect in all
' respects; McAllister st; i fine location
$0,150— Reduced from 5C5OO ;-¦ large ."lot 'near
' , Market : and .Van Ness; '30x87:6; 'rents
; $11; a'snap. / ;'. V-.--1 * .
$. r )0, 000— Splendid * piece of rproperty. on O'Far-
j ¦ ¦ rell st, ; near -Mason;.- lot 60x137*6;
¦.'¦'. ¦ particulars at office. - . . . ¦
$S,50O— Grand* residence >lot • on . Fell st., ' park
• . / 'panhandle; '50x137:6. •¦•¦¦• >.i-s^<*
-. -,'.'• .- :.".-;¦:•-.¦' -v;.O; D.t BALDWIN ~'&\ SON.,
S330O-^COTTAGE on Lyon St.; near Bush. THE
' MCCARTHY. CO.. 046 Market St.-- .','. . ; ,-'¦-;
PACIFIC • Heights; residence « of , seven rooms, ,
-. ". bath • and •., basement ; '-. unobstructed ;•¦ marine
, v|ew ; price . reasonable.:. ¦ Inquire \ of owner ' at
- premises. ;1831; Vallejo st. ; near ; Octavla/ -, u^
$650— RICHMOND lot : THE MCCARTHY CO.
C-16 Market Bt.
REAL ESTATE-— CITY— FOR SALE.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.. ' : ' /„
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, ' v
*¦' , "', ' 138 Montgomery Street
$95,000 — Handsome new apartment house; close
. downtown; secured 10 years', lease at
- $600 a month. .-, • •
$70,000^-Water front investment; not- far from
• Mission st. ; new substantial brick im-
provements ;¦ leased - to one tenant for
' '¦¦'-¦535O. ¦-:¦ .. -;-,.•- ¦- v • •:"-,
$38,000— NW.; corner; six elegant new flats; one
year leases; rented $3970 .per annum;
¦" marine view. •' -
$31,000 — 6 elegant new flats; near Fillmore and
" California sts.;:$290 a month; 10 per
¦ cent:net. '¦-- 'i . -• .- -,¦ ¦¦,... ¦¦. -
$25,000 — A- business corner; transfer point; lot
• - : ¦ 55x05. ft. ; ; good Improvements; paying
$200 a month; a splendid Investment; 5
minutes' walk from new City Hall. :
$17,000—3 elegant sunny new flats on Larkin
st.; car lines within a block each way;
¦ ; ¦ ; $135 a month; 8^4 per. cent net. ¦
$13,000— California -at," near Steiner; paying 6
per cent net; lot 68:9x137:6.
$12,000 — Corner Greenwich and Baker, with Im-
provements; transfercorner; lot 78x120.
$11,000 — Near Larkin and Washington . sts. : 1 3
1 i good sunny' flats, modern, paying $90;
"^ •"•' ' 8%'per cent Set; a, safe buy; always
rented. :
$7,000 — California st, near Baker; 2 good flat3;
$t>5 n month.
$6,000 — Golden Gate ave., north side/near Cen-
- tral; 3 nice flats; rents $50. j
$24,000— Beautiful, modern Pacific Heights resl-
- ¦ dence of 14 rooms and 2 baths; JilW.
¦ . corner. ' . ' : -
$16,000— North line- Washington; handsome 10-
room key lot residence.
$8,500— Fillmore, near Page; handsome 12-
; room residence; large lot; a snap.
$7,500— Page, st., near Webster; comfortable
¦ -,11-room house; a splendid buy-
$7,200— Sutter at, ¦ near Octavla; good 8-room,
• house. . . -. ? "
$9,000 — Dupont," near' Vallejo; good 3-story
with store- and rooms above.
$4,000— L Mason st, corner, ¦ near Union; good
- , 14-room house. '-,.¦'¦
$3,250 — Second-ave. cottage," 5 rooms; new and
cozy. - ' . ' ¦ 1
$1,850— Corner Folsom and Jefferson sts. ; flat,
- - almost, new. . - .
$6,000— Page, near Buchanan; 50x137:6. -',','-
$5,000— Waller, st, near Webster; 50-ft. front
and running through to rear street;
build your flarts here and make money.
$4,500— Webster st. near California; 30x100.
$3,250— Bush, near Laguna; 27:6-foot lot; fine
for flats. !¦¦;¦• . j, . . ,
$3,200 — Marine view lot; Cherry St., near Jack-
son; 31:10x117.
$2,000— Cheap; Presidio Heights lot, 25x102.
..-¦ BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.,
- 138 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS ....... 10S Montgomery st.
RENTS $97 50. PRICE $8500.
Pays 13 per cent net; five new modern flats
In Western Addition; six rooms 'and bath each;
lot 25x125; all rentaid; best paying Investment
In" the city; do not overlook this.
FELL-ST. HOME.
Sunny northwest corner, looking into Golden
Gate Park; finely finished residence of - 12
rooms; price $10,000; owner going East.
BUSINESS CORNER.
On Devisadero st. ; store below and two fine
flats above; rents $150; : room to build two
mere flats; price $16,500.
• A-snap^In Mission warm belt; fine corner
on Twenty-first st.,- near . Valencia; 12-room
houee; "property stands the owner over $9000;
¦would make a fine business . corner; price re-
duced to $6000 to make a quick sale; make
offer. . A
i TWELFTH X AND HARRISON.
Northeast corner; must be sold immediately
to.. close estate; size of lot 50x100; the heirs
will I refuse- no reasonable offer for this lot
BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS.
Three new. fine modern fiats: sunny lot; 7-7-6
rooms; all rented for $112 50 monthly; price
$13,000.
• WALLER-ST. HOME. NEAR SCOTT.
Two stories and basement; seven rooms and
bath; in fine condition; lot . 30x110: will ex-
change for smaller property; price $5250.
• .' •: MARINE VIEW LOT.
Flne'lot on Vallejo st, near Scott; 63:tVl>x
137:6, or will subdivide; owned by estate heirs
very anxious to sell; price $175 per foot
FOUR ROOMS AND BATH.
In -the. Mission; pretty and-new bay-window
cottage; only $1600 • ' .* :;."
. 69:6x137:6 ON VALLEJO ST.
"-Marine view lot. 30 feet from the corner of
Baker; a bargain; price only $3500.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Block bounded by Clement, Fourteenth and
Fifteenth aves.; very cheap lots; $700 and up-
wards; street work all done; very cheap lots;
send for. plats. • ¦ ...
.-¦• ..-.:,' MASON ST., NEAR UNION. ."v*
Three-story house; .two frontages; cheap;
$4000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
Fine eight-room cottage on- north side of
street; sunny key lot; price $6000, or will take
unimproved Panhandle property; no reasonable
offer refused. ¦
NEAR SIXTEENTH AND MARKET. .
Four-room cottage; lot 28x70; price $1800/
SHRADER ST. /
Best block; fine modern flats, five and six
rooms; rent $57 50; price $6250. ¦ .
McAFEE BROTHERS, -
108 Montgomery • st, San Francisco.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$13.500— McAllister, near Steiner: 25x137:6;
2 modern flats; rents $115. , '
$10,250— Corner Third and Harrison; 20x57:6;
store and flat: rent $65. \ .
$S50O— McAllister, near Buchanan; 28x137:6;
3 flats: rents $65 30.- .
$10,000— Flllmore, nr. Pacific; 30x112:6; house
of 8 loems and bath; rent $65.
. • $8250— Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street: house of 0 rooms and 2 rear flats;
rents $64.
! $7600 — Union, nr. Dupont; 23x60; three-story
house; rents $75.
$6250 — Vallejo, nr. Mason; 08x137:6. with L
39:6x60; flats and .cottages; rents $96.
$5<X>0 — Leavenworth st., near Union; 23x
112:6; 3 new flats; rent $53.
: $4500— Bartlett, nr. 24th; 23x117:6 to rear
; atreet; ,2 bay-window flats; rents $3S.
$3100— Church alley,' north of • Broadway;
stable 'and flats; 32x68:9: rents $53 50.
UNIMPROVED.
$17,000— Sansome, near Green; 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots, each 25x
137:6. r
$9500 — Corner ' Gough and Filbert: 137:6x
107:8Vi. - -
$9000 — 9th, near Harrison: 75x100..
Corner Buchanan and Pine; 05x81:3; 2 lots.
$5000 — Green, near Polk; 50x115. -.
. $5500— Greenwich, near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$5250— Corner . Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
102:8V4- - •¦¦ <
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement at; 200
xl20. ¦ -, ' ' .
$3000 — Devlaadero, ' near • Union ; 35x100. /
$3500 — Fulton St.; near Fillmore; 32:6x137:8.
$3000 — Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100; fcey lot -
; $2000— -Union, nr. Webster; 34 :4%xl37:ti.
$2100— Cor '2lst and Hampshire; 25x97:6.
$2000— Elizabeth: near Diamond; 51:8x114.
.'$1300 per lot — Bryant ave., near Twenty-
sixth; 2 lots, each 26:8x100. '
$1000 — 17th. near Uranus; 25x100. -
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth: 25x105.
$900 per lot — York, near Twenty-sixth; 2 lots,
each 2u: 8x100. ,:«':•'
. $85 a front foot— Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.'
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes. 1 • ; . , . .
JOSEPH STRAUB, ' ¦
'850 Market St., corner Stockton.
¦ ' • • " -Telephone Grant 177.-
; Real Estate Agent.
¦ s . Property Bought and Eold.
Rents Collected. ' , . v
$35,000 — Best opportunity,' to-day; 12 flats and
residence with stable;. pays 9 per cent:
owner must leave on account sickness.
$6,000 — 2-story.; house, . 6 rooms, ? bath, - buse-
ment, | laundry, . garden; everything: in
good order; lot 25x92; Buchanan st.
$7,000 — Six flats on Harrison at., near Fourth;
25x80; s rent $636 per annum.
$3,800 — New 2-story house In the Mission with
store; sun all .day.: '";¦".' ,-. •¦ ' ¦ '
$12,500^-Three new'flats-on Page- st, near Ash-
' .. bury;. rents $112 CO per month. :
$8,500 — Jackson st. near Baker; 3 modern
-..-. . flats; rents $81 50 per month.. - , < .-,
$10,000— Ba>-windcw house, of 3 modern f.ats;
j .; rents $1000 per annum; .lot 27:6x03: on
Scott at, near Geary; worth $12,000.
$4,0007-Corner house and lot, 25x133; -8 rooms.
$2,400^-Cottage of 6 rooms; well and 10 fruit-
trees in rear; lot 25x100; at 26th and
Harrison. ¦r.'Y-"^*.v's-.'\;- , : ,.
$350— Corner lot near Thirty-fourth^ and MIs-
¦ ¦- ¦ sion '¦ sts. : 25x75. '¦ • : ¦
_ . $250 ' each— Four < lots, * "5x75 ; near Thlrty-
¦ ¦¦ . ..- • ' fourth and Mission sts.
Mill Valley— Cottage, of 4- rooms; furnished;
'.;: lot 126x300; price $2000. ' .:
. Shasta , County— C40 .acres ; of white oak.
RESIDENCE on Howard at;. .7 rooma, bath;
lot 31x110 .to rear street. ...
. ¦ Pos.t at., near Buchanan; lot 50x137:6; Im-
proved/.' • > -¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦:.¦¦¦/ •„ . »
$1400 — Cottage; Seventeenth st; 4 rooms,
bath: 26x87:6. . :.
¦ $4150 — Castro st. ; 6 rooms. . bath ; : lot 25x100.
¦ ; $2650 — 110 ; Elizabeth ¦ at ; 7. rooms, bath ; - lot
25x114. ; .
- $6000 — 3 flats, 6 and \1 , rooms, bath each;
Thirteenth St.. 1 near Sanchez. " .
. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall Square.' .
FOR Sale— : As a" whole or In subdivisions. 60-
' vara lot,, south line Union st; 137:0 feet east
of -Pierce. Lot, northeast corner • Green ¦ and
Pierce sts., <¦ 103 : 6x137 :6 ' feet. ; - Inquire .; of
¦ CHARLES C. ' BEMIS, Real Estate Broker.
Montcomery st. " .' r .' . .
MUST, sell— A nice cottage, * nearly new; all
r modern Improvements; .part cash; a snap for
1 Borne one. wanting a nice home cheap; owner
.'¦;¦ on ¦ premises to-day/ 10 to 4.- 818 Diamond
> : st; near Twenty-flfth., -,V. '.'.'¦.' , . ; ..'¦¦ ¦ .
$10, 000. EACH ;¦ appreciated If seen; 2 new 12-
• -.rocm' residences on ' Washington « st. near
' Laurel ¦¦ (Presidio Heights) : open - for in3pec-
, t ton. from H to 3 dally. '--¦.---: : - ¦¦ -¦-;. -
SOUTHEAST • corner of Harrison . and Lang ton
r 1- sts. ; 75x75/ with - improvements ; ¦ make •- an
• offer. PATTERSON & " CO.. 11 " City Hall
-' square.",- "¦/.,.;¦ ]':'.';-[_...-'. '.-'.'.¦ : ' .'.",¦
APPRECIATED if . seen; . new, ; elegant sunny
. modern cottage; 6 large rooms and bath; San
... Jose ave., near Valley:«t, bet 28th and 29th;
.' ; Guerrero-st. : cars- pass door. •-¦•:: ; <
30x137 :6 FOR $3000 ; Pacific Heights. THE
¦,1 MCCARTHY CO., 640 "Market -at.
REAL ESTAT r E-—OITPY---g'OJtt, \_ SALE.
NELSON JOHNSON & CO., . -
205 Montgomery. St., opp. Mills bldg. -
NORTH OF MARKET AND THREE BLOCKS
FROM THE BALDWIN HOTEL SITE. - 1
$27,500 — Make offer; modern building. 30
• rooms; cost $16,000; lot worth $17,500;
bank mortg. $16,000, ' 6%, can remain.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$16,500; rents $1800: pays 11 per. cent.
$6,500 cash above mortg. of $10,000: pays
17% after interest on mortg. is paid;
store under lease; 3 elegant modern
. flats; 32-ft. corner; transfer point on
one of the best business streets in the
Western Addition. . ,
NORTHEAST CORNER ON HYDE ST.
$15,500— Handsome modern building. 32:6 feet,
corner; handsome income; best buy on
the market to-day. . •
SNAP— REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
$7,230 — Rented to good tenant $340; 2 modern
; . flats, elegant and up-to-date in every
detail; colonial mantels, frescoed cell-
-' ings, marble steps, etc. .'
BARGAIN.
«,„»«/* Park Panhandle Flats.
$6,000—2 new elegant modern flats of 5 and 8
rooms and bath, coved ceilings, porce-
lain bath, tiled mantels, tiled porcelain
. sink and stationary wash stands; lot
> • 25x106:3 feet.
' SNAP.
.» -i. Foreclosure Sale.
$5.750— Reduced from $6500; 2 well-built flats
,* 1 -i •¦ of -5 and 6 rooms and bath on Scott
• at; key lot. 25x100 %et
PARK PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
$5,000 — New elegant modern cottage, S rooms
' . and bath, basement and attic; garden:
light and sunny; cars pass.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3,500— Rents $4S0; 3 flats 5, 4, 7 rooms; near
2d and Brannan sts.
. . . • # ¦ ¦
Other properties in Chronicle. Examiner and
Bulletin.
NELSON JOHNSON & CO..
« 205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM... REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery st, room 11
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
1
$4.1,500— Cor. 50-vara; Turk; S frontages; flna
location for apartment houae. flats.etc
$41,000 — Good investment; Mission, nr. Sixth.
$17,500 — Three very stylish new . sunny flats. 8
rooms; choice location: rents $150.*
$10,500 — Good buy; store and flats; Larkin st,
/ near Geary; rents $70.
$10,000— 3' sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Parts; grand view; rents $105.
$5,250 — Fine 5 and 6 room nats; on Stevenson
st., near Thirteenth; rent $45.'.
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay st, near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot, 27:6x100; for $3000.
$t,e50 — Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchebz and
Alvarado sts.; 26:6x105 feet.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11, Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
, HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner Bids.
Real Estate. Loans. ¦ Investments.
¦ $120,000^ — A fine property; pays 6 per cent
net. "**¦
$75, CCO — Valuable corner near Market at;
large • frontage.
$15,000— Polk-st. corner: offer wanted.
$10.250 — Five minutes from Market and
Kearny sts.; will sell at an advance of 25 per
cent within a short time.
$10,000 — 30x60; water front property.
$4800— Rents $48; 4 flats; near Sixth and
Mission sts.
$3500 — Choice large corner on Point Lobos
avenue. ¦ . . • •
$1000— But owner will take $800 If sold this
week; one of the best lots in Rtchmond.
$800 — Near 24th and Noe: the owner paid
$1250 for this lot during dnll times.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bldg.
FOR sale^ — Just completed house, ot 6 moms,
bath and basement; modern In every respect;
-eold en easy payment: 9th ave.. bet I and
J Ets. S. 3. REED. Builder and Owner.
GRAND marine view; Pacific Heights; corner;
fit for. a Icing's castle. THE McCAKTHTf
CO.. 646 Market st.
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY — For Sale
$750 FOR 144 acres fine redwood and tan oak
timber land on the Navarro River. Mendoclno
County; splendid investment.
$1800—5 acres choice garden soil, half mile
from city limits of Petaluma; 5-room cottage,
windmill and tank; building far 800 hens; fina
poultry ranch.
$2100 — A fine 10-acre home near Santa Rosa;
f-room modern house, barn, sheds; some fruit
trees; elegant for poultry or fnilt; easy terms.
. $2500 for 160 acres grain ranch, about 14
miles from Stockton; all in grain; good house
and barn; steel windmill; good tanks; well
fenced; the -rental this season will be about
$500. which goes • with the place; this is a-
cheap and fine ranch.
$1200 — 160 acres 10 miles north of Wlllits. in
a nice little valley; 20 acres or more fine bot-
tom land; can be irrigated; balance of land
pasture and tan oak and fir; river runs through
the place: 6-room house, barn; family orchard;
nice spring water; offered at half value to clos«
an estate.
We are headquarters for stock ranches from
$4000 to $25,000; some big bargains; also red-
wood timber lands in - Mendocino County.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
.=. - . 507 California at.
SELECTED redwood timber lands in Mendoclno
County in lots from 160 to £000 acres, from
$5 to $8 an acre. ROTHERMEL & MER-
RELL, 507 California at —
$35— PER ACRE— $35.
$35 — PER ACRE— $35.
One-Fourth Cash,
Balance in Eight Equal Annual Payments,
With Interest at 8 per cent gross per annum,
THE FAMOUS
LAGUNA DE TACHE RANCHO.
Fresno County.
Where on the Pacific Coast can you buy land
suitable for dairy ranching that will grow five
crops of alfalfa per season: that will grow corn
stalks ten feet high, producing one and one-half
tons of. corn to the acre; where yon can raise
hogs, cattle and chickens till further orders;
where you can raise all kinds of fruits; for $35
per acre,' and have eight years to pay for it;
abundance of water and wood; we have fami-
lies on this ranch paying for their homes, mak-
ing a good living and securing more land, all
possibly from a ten-acre start; you can do the
same. For further information and prospectus
call on or address
• - E.W. PECK. Agent
Room 14, 137 Montgomery st
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKEP.S! ~T
We desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush, havins
had forty years' knowledge and experience o£
th<i value of lands, and being the owner of an
income-producing orchard and vineyard, can In-
telligently direct Intending buyers to the best
lands and best bargains in the State.
Now is the time to buy.
There is money in cattle.
There 13 money in orchards. • .
There Ja money in vineyards.
There is money In general farmlngr.
There is money In dried fruits.
There is money In sheep.
Country lands will never be as cheap again.
Wo have some of the greatest bargains ever
seen or heard of in this State. Call or send for
particulars. „
DAVID BUSH & ; SON, 20 Montgomery st
SCO ACRES best alfalfa land in the State, only
$35 per acre; cast of water, 75c per acre;
near. city ? will subdivide. .-
"A farm. 75 acres. 2 miles " from Felton. 10
miles Santa. Cruz; 40 acres cultivated: 25 acres
choico apples ; balance pasture ; hard-finished
dwelling, 5 rooms, barn, etc; running water
piped;' will make a fine home;, price $5000. .
" We have other lands ' for crazing, grain or
any other crop in good locations and at reason-
able terms; we invite landseekers to visit our
office. / McAFEE BROTHERS.
- . . 10S Montgomery at. San Francisco. .
$6500 — 10 ACRES in bearing- fruit; good build-
ings; a first-claaa property; 5 miles fro»n'
San Joss. y~~ : . . •
$5000 — i acres fruit and chicken ranch; new
S-room house; large barn, sheds, chicken-
houses; windmill and tank; 800 chickens; bug-
gy, wagon, cow. farm tools ; % mile from town
and atreet railroad: . Alameda Co.
, And a • hundred other bargains In ranches.
Write for our free llsti unimproved, orange,
crape, grain, fruit and stock land for sale In,
tracts of 5 to 300 acres in Alameda. San Joa-
nuin and other irmntirn "iiriiuHPiliiniVL HjTiimmifl
HEALY & CARB. 027 Market at., r.,208.
A CHEAP, stock ranch. and general farm, 361
acres, at $10 per acre; 7 miles from lar?s
town. Alameda Cb.; on ' county road; 100
-acres farming; no waste land; fenced; house,
barn, etc.; abundance of spring- water: school
2 miles; this Is a bargain for some one. H.
H. CRANE. 508 California st' - . - -
57 ACRES, 26 miles from this , city, close to
R. R. town; also shipping paint by water; a>
desirable residence location, with never fail-
ure of crops; price $4500; might exchange.
H.H. CRANE, 508 California st ¦ ,
SUGAR PINE TIMBER LAND.
8 quarter sections; ¦- choicest ' timber; access-
ible location; price $12 50 per acre. -
$4 per acre ; about 30OO acres. Mendocino
County, with Improvements; line sheep pas-
" . ture, tanbark and cord wood; game and trout
in abundance: a magnificent Investment.
. H. E. POEHLMAN. 304 Montgomery st
FOR SALE.' -'V..''--.'.. *
Ten acres with good Improvements; five-room
house and barn; large orchard; big oak trees;
one mile west of Fair Oaks station, on Polhe-
mus Tract ; any reasonable offer will be con-
sidered; no agents. CHRIST BECK, Aul Bel,
Redwood . City. ,. ..' " : ." : .--/ •- ,
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty r «igkt.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR' SALE.
G H. UMBSEN & CO.. .
14 Montgomery Bt
REAL ESTATE.
*C7 250 — Rents $350 per month: a three-story
' and basement brick building tn whole-
sale district
SC5 000 — Kents $425 per month; downtown ho-
tel containing SO rooms under lease;
.noil37:<>.
S35 000 — Rents $120 per month; choice corner
on McAllister Et; good Improvements;
82x100. , -
*"5 000— Kents $17S per month; corner on How-
ard st.; good improvements; large lot
25x13:6.
$21,000 — lit-nts $145 per. month; choice down-
town corner; two substantial brick
buildinps; always rented; 37:GxS0
S20.000— Kents $1U3 50 per month; Washington
et.; six modern flats of 5. 6 rooms and
bath each; in perfect order and etead-
ily rented; 42 :(ixl37:«. - ¦";
S20,000 — California Bt, near Laguna; a well-
built two-story residence of 12 rooms
and 2 baths; In perfect order; 34x132:6
$16,500 — Kents flitO per month; Ellis st, near
Hyde; three modern "flats of 6. 7 rooms
and bath each; in perfect order-
2Cx87:<5. . .-. .,.'
fl6,000 — Rents $132 50 per month; choice cor-
ner on Sixteenth at: two. stores, two
flats of 7 rooms each and two-atory
house of 6 rooms and bath; 30x90.
$:6,000 — Rents $130 Der month; Octavia st
near Ellis; three newly built flats of
7, 8 rooms and bath each; elegantly
nnished; 25x110. «^>-y
1X5,000 — Rents $120 per month; Pine st. near
Hyde; three substantial flats of 7 8
rooms and bath each, with rear cot-
tare; 34x137:6.
514,000— Rents 5115 per month; Hyde st; three
new fiats of 6, 7 rooms and bath each-
25xS7:<i to rear street
512.500 — Turk rt.. near Vim Ness ave.: sub-
stantial residence of 16 rooms and
bath; large lot 38x120
f:£,.VK) — Rents $87 per month; choice corner
near Eighteenth and Mission cts.; good
improvements, consist of six flats of
4, 5 rooms and bath each; (5OxS5.
Ji2,500 — Jackson st, near First ave.; a newly
built residence of 8 rooms and bath.
with stable in rear: large lot' 77x129.
$12,000— Rents $U2 per month; McAllister st;
substantial buildinis in store and two
flats: 30x137:6.
f 10,250 — Rents $85 per month; choice corner
on Jones st. : new improvements; three
modern flats of 6 rooms and bath;
elegantly finished and commanding a
view.
1 10,000— Fell st., opposite Park Panhandle; an
eleeant residence of 10 rooms and
bath, servants' room, etc.; all in per-
fect order: 25x100 •
110,000— Rents $60 ner month, which Is low;
corner on Mission at., near Sixteenth;
good building, containing two stores
and flat of 7 rooms and bath; 30x80.
|10,000 — Rents $87 50 per month; Pine et. ;
three substantial flats of 7. S rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, etc;
25x100.
$9,500 — Rents $42 per 'month; Turk et, near
Van Ness ave.; store and fiat of 6
rooms; 27:6x120 to rear street; splen-
did location for new Improvements.
?S,500 — Corner on Vallejo st; a well-built 2-
story house of 7 rooms and bath, in
perfect order; commanding a view;
26x90. .
$8,500 — Corner Twenty-first and Guerrero sts.:
a choice corner for flats: nicely ele-
vated and commanding a splendid
view; 51:6x100.
$S,500 — Rents $S1 per month; Jackson st:
three modern flats of 7, 8 rooms and
bath each; 25x127 :S>4.
58,000 — Rents $78 50 per month; Folsom st:
three newly constructed flats of 5. 6
rooms and bath each; £3x96.
$7,500— Rents $55 per month, which Is low;
Hyde et; two stores and flat of 6
rooms and bath.
$7,500 — Rents $70 per month; Waller st.. near
Park; two elegantly finished flats of
6, 8 rooms and bath each; social hall,
etc. ; 25x100.
$7,500 — Choice corner on Broderick st: well-
built two-story house of 8 rooms and
bath in perfect order; commands a
nice 'view: 25x100.
$7,250— Rents $6S per month; Howard at;
three substantial- bay-window flats of
6 7 rooms and bath each; 25x137:6.
$7,000 — Rents $S4 per month; Silver at; sir
fiats of 4, 5 rooms and bath each;
steadily rented; larse lot, 65x75.
$7,000 — Vallejo St.; substantial residence of 7
rooms and .bath; brick foundation,
etc.; key lot; sun all day; 25x122:6.
$6 750 — Laurel st. ; well-built two-story house
of 9 rooms and bath, basement and
attic: commands a marine view;
25x107:6.
$6,750 — Rents $450 per month; Union at., near
Van Ness ave. : three fiats of 5 rooms
and bath each ; bay -windows, brick
foundation, etc.: 25x137:6.
$6,500 — Baker St.. near Park; well-built two-
etory residence of 9 rooms and bath,
brick foundation, etc.: 25x100.
$6,250 — Facing Park Panhandle; well-built 2-
rtory residence of 9 rooms and bath,
bay- windows, brick foundation, etc.;
in perfect order: 25x137:6. .
f 6,150 Rents $43 per month, which, wlll^ead-
ily stand an increase; Howard st : two
modern flats of 5. 6 rooms and bath
each; 27xS5.
$5,500 — Clayton St., near Park Panhandle;
newly constructed residence of 7 rooms
and bath; elegantly finished: 25x106.
f 5 500 — Rents $43 per month: Devisadero st:
two well-but! t flats of 4. 5 rooms and
bath each; must be sold to close an
estate; 25x100.
14,500 — Rents $40 per month; two flats of 6
rooms and bath each; in good order; |
**5x75
$4 250 — Rents $35 per month: Twenty-fifth at;
two bay-window flats of 5, 6 rooms
and bath each; corner lot ¦• • -~
$4,000— Corner on First St.. near -Folsom:
good two-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; 25x75.
•4 000 Rente ?4O per month; near Eighteenth
and Valencia Ets. ; four flats of 3 rooms
each: steadily rented: 25x«0.
$3 800 — Castro st ; well-built two-story resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; In tood
order; 23x125.
$3,C0O — Rents $27 per month: good improve-
ments consist of store and flat.
$3 000— Rents $26 per month; Hayes at.; three
fiats of 4, 5 rooms each; steadily
•3 000 — Near 6*FarreU and Steiner sts.: well-
built house of 8 rooms and bath, in
perfect order: brick foundation, etc.
Call or write fcr our Real Estate Record,
containing a list of properties for eale in all
carts of the city.
Latest pocket map^f f™/ s ™«%°> c ™;-
14 Montgomery- at
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. MoJJtgomery
AUCTION.
auction!
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our ealesroom, MONDAY*. April 21, 1902. at
12 o'clocck noon.
FOUBTH-ET. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Partition Sale.
Vor.. 134 and 136 Fourth St., bet. Mission
¦nd Howard; good substantial brick building,
containing two stores on ground floor; upper
floors occupied as a hotel; rents $287 50 per
month; lot 34:4'4xl60 irregular to Howard
court: two frontages.
CHOICE INVESTMENT ON GOLDEN GATE
AVENUE.
Nos. 631 and C33 Golden Gate ave., near Van
Kess ave. ; 2 large substantial houses of 10
rooms and bath: rent SI 00 per month; rear por-
tion of lot fronting Locust ave.; vacant lot
tor 120; two frontages.
SARAH J. BROWN ESTATE.
Executor Sale.
Ko. 1518 Larkin at., east line, bet Sacra-
mento and Clay; substantial 2-etory residence
of 7 rooms and bath; must be sold to close an
estate; subject to confirmation by the court
E. HETHERINGTON ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
6.E. corner Seventeenth and Castro sts.; sub-
stantial 2-story and basement frame building
consisting- of store. 4 rooms and flat of 7 rooms
and bath; lot 25x100; aubject to confirmation
by the court
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
S.W. comer Scott and Oak Eta.; modern resi-
dence cf 9 rooms and bath, in perfect order;
brick foundation; stone walks and both streets
accepted by the city; only three blocks from
Park: bank mortgage of $3000 can remain; lot
25x106:3. ¦ '
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
S W coVner Twenty-eecond and Bartlett sts.;
substantial 2-story bay-window residence of 12
rooma and bath, brick foundation,, etc.; rents
140 per month. This choice corner could be
made to yield rood results If the present build-
Ing was converted into flats and stores con-.
etructed on ground floor: cloee to transfer point
MIRSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 2720 Mission et.. west line, bet Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth eta,; this choice prop-
erty will be offered either as a whole or in
subdivisions ; dwelling contains 7 rooms and
bath; lot 100x125.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER. *.-
N.W. corner Mason and Lombard ata.; this
large corner properly improved would yield
large returns; 60x82:6.
CHOICE CORNER FRONTING PARK.
N.E. corner Stanyan and Grove ata.; this
choice corner will be offered aa a whole or in
•ubflivisions; 50x106:3.
REFKRKT5 SALE.
Choice building lots. Fifteenth st, south line
Junction of Market and Fifteenth; 25x100 each;
eutject to confirmation by the court
T. O'Leary Estate.
Executor Sale.
K.W. corner Thirteenth ave. and P atreet
South, Nos. 5116, 1118. 1120 and 1124 P et.;
corner 25x100 not built on; rents $63 per month;
subject to confirmation by the court.
MISSION BUDDING LOTS. •
Col!lm?wood st, west line bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth.
' No. 5L
Builfling lot 27:6x125.
No. 2.
No. 228 Collingwood et; cottage of 4 rooms;
Jot 27:0x125. .
For catalogues and further partlculara ap-
1 Ply to G. II. UMBSEN & CO., :
/ 14, Montgomery st
$3ono — PACIFIC H^ijrhts lot; ready "to build on;
next to new building; in same block with
f20,000 houses. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market et :
RE Ali : ESTATE— -CITY—FOR SALE.
•SHAINWALD.'.BUCKBEE &¦ CO., ' ;.¦-]'
¦ . ¦ REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
. ¦ : '¦ . . ¦ .218-220 Montgomery st
¦We-deslre to .notify- the ; buying, public that
we have a number • of ' first-class , investments
under contract at very low figures. ' 'Principals
may call and get full particulars. ," ' . ; ¦•.-¦;¦¦>
. ¦ '- , • " '¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦' ; ".-¦-¦ ''(-' r. '•
$35,000-7-New modern 'marine view residence;
. large lot, 05x127 : 8 !,4 feet;, hard wood
finish throughout ; '..- living . room, r 17x31
feet; other, rooms in proportion. ," :
$10,000— Southwest -corner. Bryant' and Zoe sts.,'
-between Third and Fourth; store; and
- * 3 flats; rents. $81. per -month; in good
• condition;: lot ?5x80 feet. . ¦- 1 ¦•-..---.¦.• ,-
$3,000— Vallejo st:, near Jones; ;. marine 'view
property; ¦• Improvements .' rent ' for.
'$27.00; lot 34:9x6S:9 feet. . .> •
• $300 a front : foot— In .-,-; sizes to .-'suit;
.. Franklin st., near." California; un-
; ' doubtedly the best residence locality In
; ¦ ¦'¦• ¦¦¦'•¦ the Western - ; -\ ¦",
$14,000 — Jackson ; st.; ¦' near. Polk; fine modem
. residence of 12 rooms and bath; would
: • rent for $95; lot 35x127 :S& feet; would
-make fine . location for doctor's' office
and residence..;-, ,, ' .
$10,000— New Eastlake -residence;: Presidio
Heights; grand marine view; 12 rooms
' '. and bath; Just : completed; lot 22x
102.-SH feet. /'-,¦ -.• M--
$3,7OO^Californla st.; 1 between First and' Sec-
>'. ' ond aves.; 2-story house, -7 roOms and
, ' bath; hardwood floors; lot 23xC2:(S feet.
$3,600 — Washington* st. near Cherry; ',, grand
¦ marine vlew;-Iot'35xll8 feet; a posl-
' / tive bargain. ~: • . - - '."¦'
$45,000 — Jones st, near Turk; lot 55x82:6 feet;
- . V frame improvements rent for $170 per
month; further particulars at our of-
.- flee. ¦ :¦.'",' ¦ ' 1 --•¦-,- :¦.'¦¦' • .'. •¦¦' ¦:¦/ ¦ :
$12,000 — Washington st, near Webster; modern
residence of ".> rooms and bath; -beau-
. tifully situated; large lot, 47:0x92 :•!%
-" --¦ ¦ : -feet. - -. •' . :¦- ' - - - ' '. ¦ - - . -¦-
$5,000— Market st., near Sanchez; ' fine lot;
27:8x110 feet :>/> ' ¦ , - , -
' $6,500 — Vallejo st, near! Laguna; fine bay-
: '., window residence of - 10 rooms ' and
bath;- very latest Improvements;' rents
for $42 50; lot 22:0x107:6 feet. '
$8,200 — Woodward ave., near Fourteenth st. ;
3 modern -flats, 6, -7 rooms and bath;
'¦, ¦ "rents $73; lot 25x65 feet;; fine invest-
1 ¦ ¦¦¦ ment. - . -. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ "¦• •-' - - ¦¦ ¦ • .¦.".¦¦.•.
! $7,250— Fillmore st, near Sacramento; trans-
¦ fer point; 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; rents ?50; lot 25x90:6 feet. .
$6,750 — Leavenworth St., near Broadway; four
2-story houses in good condition;' rents
: $54; lot 80x60 feet. -.
$12,500 — Grove st, near Larkin; lot 30x120,
. with 'fine building of store and 2 up-
per floors; -rents $45; 1 block from
City Hall. ¦ .'.- J • • '
$750— Blake st., near Point Lobos ave. ; lot
27x120 feet; a bargain. ',
$150 per front foot; Van - Ness-ave. cor-
ner; lot 62:6x98 feet; one of the few
'. corners still for sale on this avenue.
$17,600— Mlsslon-st. corner, 110x1 00 feet; trans-
fer point; all rented under lease;
¦t splendid buy. . - ...;• :..
$2,000 — Zoe st., bet. Bryant and Brannan and
Third and Fourth;: tenements; rent
1 $30; lot 25x70 feetf a bargain:
$18,000 — McAllister/near Pierce; 3 elegant new
flats, Just finished; 6, .T.' and 8 rooms
and baths; rents $155 monthly; lot
25x100 feet. ¦ ' V -
$12,000 — Corner near Golden Gate Park; hard-
• some modern residence of 12 rooms
.' . .and 2 baths; oak; finish, 'hardwood
. floors; lot 25x100 feet. .. , . .
$20,000—^-Bush st, near Mason; 3-story fr.'ime
dwelling of 20 _ rooms; rented as a
' I. boarding house; rent $100; largo J ot,
.40:9x137:6 tfeet. :/
$10,750^— Twenty-second st., near Valencia; a
snap; 4 flats on lot 44x114 "and vacant
lot adjoining of 21x114 feet; flats rent
for- $72; entire. lot 65x114 feet;, must
sell to close estate; a bargain. . -,-.:'
$4,750— CHay st, near Fillmore; good 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath;- lot 25x
102 :8>/i; best section 'In the /Western
Addition. ' >. •; ..,- . . /
' $3,125— Fillmore st.. near Hayes; building lot
of 25x106:3 feet; fine location for flats.
$8,500 — Post 6t., near Laguna; fine residence
• of 8 rooms and bath; rents for $42 50;.
lot 30x137:0 feet; a bargain. .
$15,0007— Turk st, near Leavenworth; substan-
•' tlal residence j of 9 rooms and bath ;
- lot 23x137: 6. feet; one of the few pieces
offered for sale in this neighborhood.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st . Mills bldg.
F. B. SURRYHNE.' ' -¦ - - '¦. " ' . ' ¦
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
¦ $45C0— Northeast corner near Geary st. ; im-
: provements consist of 2 flats of. 4 rooms each
and 2 cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; rents $40 per
month; lot 50x100 feet; corner 25 feet vacant.
$3500 — Diamond at, near 17th; fine new mod-
ern residence, 6 rooms and bath; lot 24:8x125;
easy terms can be. arranged if desired.
$3500 — Stanyan st... short distance from the
Park: fine modern residence, ,7'rooms and bath:
lot 25x140; owner leaving city; very anxious to
dispose of this property; a bargain. -.' : ,
$6500— Clay st; Presidio Heights; modern
dwelling, 1 8 rooms and 'bath; up to date in
every particular; lot 25x127:8; $1000 cash, bal-
ance on flat loan at C per' cent. ; .. ¦ ¦¦¦•';
I $4750^ — Capp St., near, 17th ; 2-story residence,
8 rooms and bath; large lot 30x122:6. ¦ •¦
$15,000 — O'Farrell st, not far. from Van Ness
ave. ; 3 7 modern flats, 8, 7 ' and 7 rooms; rents
$130 per month." • ¦ ¦ .' ,
$15,500 — Hyde-st. corner; 3 modern flats;'
rents $110. r :?j .
$22,500— O'Farrell st., way downtown; 3
flatg; rents $170. -:
$18,000 — Three modern flats on McAllister st. ;
rents $150. . | •' . ¦
$10,000— Larkin st; 4 houses; rents $110.
$10,000 — Turk st., - near.Flllmore; 3 modern
flats; rents $78. .,-
$8500 — Broderick' st, -near McAllister; 2
modern flats; rents $70. ; : •
$4750 — Grove st, .near Gough;- 2 flats; rents
$37 50. ¦ , - ' "
$5850r-Clayton st., near the Park; 2 modern
flats 5 and 0 rooms; rents $52 60 per month.
$7250— Waller St.; 2 choice flats, 5 rooms
each; rents $60. T '. „
$11,000 — Devisadero-st. corner; fine house, 9
rooms and bath; at an outlay of $2500 property
could be made to pay 10 per cent on the in-
vestment; a • choice business corner.- ,
$0500 — California st, near Stockton; 12
rooms and bath. . » •¦-.¦.• ¦..-...
: $7000^ — Vallejo st, near Fillmore; modern
residence, 8 rooms and bath; an unobstructed
marine view; a bargain/ ' -¦ ¦¦ . .
$5200 — Pierce* at',' near: Halght; modern resi-
dence, 6 rooms. and bath: lot 20x91. v \ »
Terms can be arranged on any of the abpve.
For further list apply at my office. • '¦
'ALVIN TRACT!!.'. . : .'..". : . . . ALVtN TRACT!!
FACING RAILROAD STATION'.!
100 LOTS!!. ...•.....:. ...100 L'OTSM
$50; $5 down, $2 per month!!!'
$50; $5 down, $2 per month!! 1 . :'
JACOB HEYMAN CO., Owners,
.,,¦¦.-:. - .117 Sutter Street..;
HOMES!!. -.•;¦'•¦. HOMES'.! /HOMES!!
We have two beautiful new, modern 5 and
6-room cottages In the Heyman Tract, ; ' (!31
Douglass ' st; 431 Alvarado et. that we sell
you for - your I rent money; look at them to-
•day.: -Take Mlsslon-st\cars 'and transfer to
.Twenty-second. .-¦.-.¦.'.' " ¦" ¦-
¦. Also new, modern 6-room and bath, 46 Lundy,
lane, opposite ' terminus of : Valencia st. ;'S200
down, $15 per month; an excellent, offering!!
. Ocean • Boulevard Lots— $150 to $550; $5 per
month!! : . . r . . , . . -
Lots in ' all parts of the city on easy terms.
Interview us. ..
JACOB . HETMAN CO., . Owners,
' : ' 117 Sutter Street
$150 AND $250 EACH. - , ~ - ¦-¦ . :
... . $25 DOWN; $5 AND $10 MONTHLY,
Nothing "to equal them in, this city. .
Come early; ; take choice of . 60 ¦ level lots ' In
Excelsior Homestead at halt price.
'. •¦ Near Mission st. and electric carsl „.'¦¦.
No grading; all fenced; Spring Vailey water;
selling fast;. see them to-day. •; /
Get off cor/Mission st. and Brazil ave.; walk
short' distance. to Madrid st .
Mr. AliSmith,- resident agent, ,450 Edinburgh
st, will show lots Sundays. —
'•"..' ' -^ SOL" GETZ & BROTHER, :¦
.- . ¦ ; - ' .Room 54, Chronicle. building. ¦
BARGAIN. * r . ¦* "¦'•: .- "' ¦'/ :'•¦•,¦•¦¦' -'• :- ¦- •' ~
$10, 000 — A choice • piece of income ' property,
paying over 1 • per cent per. month, iwitlivery
large lot, . 50 Ifeet. wide,. with extra depth \n
rear ; must be sold to /close partnership ; close
to Vallejo and Powell. „ ¦¦
¦ $350— A snap; level lot on Crescent'ave..' close
to: the; Mlssion-st. :cars ;., ready for % building;
this Is a fine chance to secure a ]tot for a home
.cheap. McEWEN,BROS.V,118 Montgomery st. ;
$8750— BUSINESS : : property , on First st. / be- ,
; tween Howard and Folsom;, ,.
: $9600— Fine corner;. Devls'adero and- Wash-
ington sts. 'i with 10-room .house; good condition.
$100 each- for level lots; half. block from elec-
tric cars; Mission road.". '.¦:;- . ¦ : / ,
. - - ROTHERMEL - & • MERRELL,' '
.....* . -'-./'¦' ¦;''¦'¦:. ¦; 507 California . st. ; .
$23,000^-FINEST, business. corner,ln Hayes Val-
• ley; 5&xl20 ; : pays 7% per cent net and room
.: for mote Improvements. .Box 1655, Call office.
MINNA'st; near 'Sixth; good /property. '• THE
: MCCARTHY; CO. ;\ 646 Market Et. ;: / •';'-'
SACRIFICE cottage V to-day; leaving - State.
1 1 1 070 E.' 15th;; Oakland ; r 23d-ave. Mocal. r -:'•:
$5650— SACRIFICE: .nice - flats;;;, well '- rented;
Mission warm ¦ belt. - Owner,- box 4917, Call. ; -..-
$S500 NET— House - and \ct '¦'¦ 30x127% ,¦ f eet • : 2
¦ f rontagea. : 2222 - Jackson^ st., ; near ., Webster. '
$1050— COTTAGE 5 rooms; 112 Congo st; Sun-
-i. nyslde. '-¦': THE MCCARTHY', CO. ,' i 040 Market'
$5000— NEW> 8-roomi colonial : residence; /NE.
... cor.' ; Eighth - ave.1 and i Lake 5 st. ; ¦ 50x72/ ¦ ' . .
$5500 — MUST : be sold ; $3000 ' cash only; * rents
.:$60. .' Apply 2623 Sutter. st.,' near. Lyon/ ' .
$100O-^-COTTAGE and ' lot at Sunnyside. - THE
.MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market; at .. :THE S A^T FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, APRIL ; 13, 1902.
38
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
: - price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351
BIG price paid for furniture for CO days; special
- reasons. \ WAUGH. r. '415. Examiner bldg.
GLOVES. .
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves: best In the world;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
;••¦¦ HORDES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st: also buggies, J wagons., har-
ness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SPAN of mules for sale; 7 years old; broke:
weight about 1050; suitable for camping. J.
H. DUTCHER. Llvermore. Cal.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several flne road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1409 Market, cor. 11th.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rcy.harnefs.work.drlvicg horses. 15th&Valencla.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
CAPP, 842 — House 7 rooms, bath, high base-
ment, $30; will sell furniture costing $1500
for less than one-half its cost; owner will
. rent one room. " •: 1 s-~ -.
GOUGH, 1811 — Handsome house of 10 rooms
. and bath; just put in thorough order; rea-
sonable rent to the right party. Key at offlce
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
COTTAGE, six rooms; 0 Ewer plaqe. off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. . • ¦
NEW bouse, 6 rooms and bath, every modern
improvement; sunny yard and large base-
ment 621 Liberty st, near Castro.
HOUSE — 1321 Clay st : 9 rooms, bath and heat-
era. Key at 1430 Clay Et
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
A RAREoptwrtunity; elegantly furnished new
modern sunny house of 6 rooms and bath;
large grounds; must be seen to be appre-
ciated; rent $35. F. B. SURRYHNE. 13S
- Montgomery st.
A — FURNISHED residences and flats In all
parts of the city, $30 to $350: call to see us;
we can suit you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market
FULTON, 1553 — Handsomely furnished 10-room
house, near Panhandle ; reasonable. Apply
between 2 and 4 p. m.
PACIFIC Heights residence, 7 rooms, bath,
modern furn., piano; rent low, desirable par-
ty, 3 or 0 mos. com. Apr. 20. Box 4709. Call.
MISSION. 2324— Villa residence: furnished; 7
rooms, bath: low rent to permanent tenant
- HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — House or cottage of 3 or 4 rooms.
bath and yard: state rent and location.* Box
1B7S. Call offlce. i ' -
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house, 7 rooms; sun all day: fine resi-
dence district: Portola st. off Waller, bet
Pierce and Steln»r. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portols.
INVESTMENTS.-'
THE Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery st,
S. g. Call or write for particulars. .
'_ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST March 27, from Dr. Buzard's Dog Hos-
pital, corner Post and Flllmore, - a black
cocker dog, long tall. Return to owner at
413 Hyde st; reward $10.
LOST— On Friday 'about 2 p. m.. brown leather
. purse; name inside. Return to 2418 Fine &t.
and receive reward.'
LOST — Stone marten fur on main drive of
Golden Gato Park. Receive liberal reward
at 2218 Clay st. -
LOST — Enameled flower pin. diamond center.
Friday. Return to 1212 A Larkln st. : reward.
FOX terrier; license number 4461. Return to
1701 Van Ness ave. and receive reward.
LOST — 2 passbooks with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Franci.«co, in the
names of RACHEL SAALFIELD and ROB-
ERT H. SAALFIELD (a minor): Nos. 258-
i CIS and 210-1525. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— On the night -of March 29, bet- Thh-tJ.
and Townsend sts. depot and 331 Fremont
st, a boy's open face silver watch.' Initialed
- H. E. K. on back; link ' chain and charm;
liberal reward will be paid upon return to
. 318 Steuart st.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan- Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MATEO HERRERA. No. 259-319.
The finder will please return -to bank. •
LOST — Small purse containing diamond ring.
Finder will be suitably rewarded by return-
ing same to H. PAULSEN, 1S39 Eddy st
FOUND at Woman's Exchange, jeweled pin;
claimant must prove prop, and pay adver.
IT will pay , to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs o'.d
Bold and silver to .make new watch case?.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st ; tel. , Bush 421. \
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses: pillows: window'
rhades. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MISCELLAXEOIJS---FOB .SALE. .
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
60 H. P. BOILER and engine complete. .. .$550
35 H. P. Economic return flue boiler,
portable , 300
' 20 H. P. return tubular boiler..... 160
15 H. P. return tubular boiler 125
40 H. P. locomotive fire box boiler...... 25<i
4 H. P. boiler and engine complete..... 90
6 H. P. boiler and engine complete...... 100
4 II. P. sasoline engine complete 100
Donkey engine and boiler for hoisting. ... 300
30 oil tanks, all shapes and sizes.
1000 gate valves, also globes, % In. to 15 In.
35C0 ft. rubber and leather belt H. S.
WHITER 130-132 Beale st
A — BUYS, • sell or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines,, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
, etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. The
' Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
MARBLE — For sale cheap; ten new scrolls,
large - and small, single or all together, at
-the Tell House, Ocean View.
WHITE Leghorn and black Minorca eggs, 75c
setting, $5 hundred; also young black Minor-
ca roosters. 3256 Enclnal ave., Alameda. •
CIGARS at less than auction prices; 'reliable
goods: money back If not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO.. 209 Battery st. San Francisco.
A— $3 60 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
;;. Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
50,000 GALLON redwood tank; 8500 ft. 2. 3. 4
and 6-lnch pipe. THOMPSON, 40 Main stl .
FOR -sale — Soda water fountain, price $200-
orlglnal cost $S50. Drug store. Pine & Krny.
2 FIRST-CLASS ' wheels, lady's and gentleX
. man's; $25 for both. 617 Fulton st A
FRESH cow, calf 4 days old; rich mlllc; sell
". or trade for dry cow. 83 Shotwell st
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from
business. - . .
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movlnir
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizps, new and 2- hand
- and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock!
. BAKER & HAMILTON. , ***
SAFES — New and second hand. THE hfb
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramentfe st
FOR second-hand machlnery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd and Branram.
1S^",? L ,t SS i 2 ., d ' h !r nd ™ od « rn engines and boilers
- bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 519 Market . ."
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
. makes). - ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg-y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st. ¦
EI ? G l 1 ? E S4 nd ,! oller8: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beale st.
MISCELLAN EOUS WANTS.
W S p , ay J 5 , per 10 ° for names; . send 10c ' for
blank book and particulars. The- French
Chemical Co:. 241 N. Fifth st. Phlla.. Pa.
EI ,°,, pr , ices pald for sealskin coats: al»o gents'
Sin % S * 8 c? nd , T^edo suits. .Portland Loan'
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
W £ N r£!Fr5^7 La £ ee tank w »n<Jmlll and frame.
McEWEN BROS..- 118 Montgomery st
STAMP collection, about 3000 different stamps,
with duplicates, to sell. Box 150. Call offlce.
TIL . TO .?S w , ants Bood second-hand clothing and
.- theatrical goods.; 154 Oth sij.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
I.WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins:
•send postal: -.will- call. .-'-Box 4337. Call offlce.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
: j condition. Farns-BrorthEle^trieaiWkii -4ists,,.i, -
REAL ESTATE— JCOCXTR.Y— -For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $(jO to f»0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Sar. Francisco Is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. ;W2 California st, for
pamphlets and information. _ =
KOR lien: — 12 acres of very rich land; suitable
for melons and garden truck; family orchard;
fine prune orchard; large buildings for hojr
end chicken raising; abundance of good
water; splendid opportunity for right man.
Call or address at 322« King et.. Berkeley.
40 GOOD acres. ?2S0rt; this includes 5 splendid
cove. TtOO fowls. 2 horses, harness, cart, new
bujrey: house 5 rooms, barn. 10 chicken
hous-fV truit trees. WOOSTER. WHITTON
A. MONTGOMERY. C31 Market st.
XDCBSB land. 140 acres maple, fir and cedar
land; Chehaiis River. Wash.: 2 miles frcra
railroad; county road and school house on
lan.i- rhoap for cash. Address O. P. BAR-
TIN. 026 Eddy st. •
FIVE dollars an acre: S120 acres Irrigated
river bottom land; all good: see un quickly.
VOCSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY.
(«4 Market et. •'..'.
200 ACRES land. Monterey Co.; house, barn;
40 acres cultivated: $15 per acre; near town
San Miguel. Address 783 Vermont st. S. F.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune '¦
lands to sell: risrht locality: big money: easy ;
payments. HEALT & CARR. 827 Mkt r. 20S.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMER YT €34 Market. S. F.. & San J.
CABH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept., American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building. ~
41 ACRES orchard In Santa Clara Co. for sale;
eary terms. Box 4S43, Call office.
$200 PER acre; San Pablo ave.. near Point
Richmond. W. B. EASTIN. 401 California st
CHOICE country lands for sale. Land Dept.
AmericanGuaranty&TruFt Co.,Hayward bldg.
FOR tale or exchange — Beautifut income home j
in San Jose for S. F. property. Box 4671, ¦CaXX.
POINT hlCHMOND PKOPERTY.
RICHMOND.
RICHMOND.
RICHMOND.
HlCHMOND.
City of Richmond.
' City of Richmond.
! City of Richmond.
City of Richmond.
Terminus Santa Fe R. R.
Terminus Santa Fe R. R.
Terminus gar.ta Fe R. R.
Terminus Santa Fe R. Ii.
Lots from $180.
Lots from $180.
LoU from S1S0.
Lots from $180.
£25 cash, balance $5 per month.
525 cash, balance $5 per month.
?25 cash. balanrfe*$5 per month.
$25 cash, balance -S5 per month.
Banta Fe and Southern Pacific stations at
the property.
Standard Oil Company and great manufac-
turing industries building on adjoining land.
Send for free maps and price list
Send fcr free maps and price list.
Fend for free maps and price list. -
Seed for free maps and price list. ,
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.),
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.),
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY <Inc). •
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.).
Room 3X2. Crocker building. S. F. .-"
Room 182. Crocker building. S. F.
. Room 1S2, Crocker building, S. F.
' Room 1S2. Crocker building. S. F.
DID you ever stop to think what it means to
invest now at the beginning, when prices
are lew, in a town. , .
At the terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad,
¦where the Standard Oil Company is expend-
ing: millions.
Where the Union Iron Works is going to
build a big plant, employing many men; where
there is deep water, and where ship and rail
meet?
These Conditions Exist
AT POINT RICHMOND,
LoU In the
Santa Fe Tract
Point Richmond.
All level StreeU graded
$1^0 and up S15 cash. $5 monthly
lIcEWEN BROS life Montgomery Street
SOLE' AGENTS.
SACSALITO HEAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO— For sale or lease, beautiful resi-
dence of W. G. Barrett; modern house of 20
rooms, furnished: large grounds: marine view-
near ferry. S. G. HINDES. 330 Market st
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
FIXE corner. 100x100, with house, to exchange
for 3 fiats In city. Apply 328 Ellis St.. S. F.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALLEN'S LIST. —
Ail on Paved Streets.
Convenient to the University.
$575 — 50x150; east of Grove et
SUOO — 50x100; nice corner; east of Grove.
$1075 — Sightly corner; east of Shattuck. near
Berryman.
$1250 — Elegant west front lot on Hillegass
avenue.
*1350 — Corner: 50x140: elesant location.
$1500— 50x1;m; east cf Shattuck; north of
Hafte.
$2500 — Choice corner; east of Ellsworth;
north of. Dwight.
RESIDENCES.
$2250 — 7 rooms; large lot; good location.
S'HOOO — New; s rooms; large lot; good location.
S35G0 — New; S 'rooms; fine location: east of
TeieeTaph.
$375u — Elegant house; 7 rooms; fine location;
cast of Shattuck.
$3750 — Good S-room house; nice location: fine
let.
$+C50 — Nice: 12 rooms; nearly new; close in.
tilM — Elesant house: 9 rooms; handsomi
grounds; nice location..
$6500 — Very nice 10-room house; choice lot;
Cne location.
$7000— Elegant 9-room house; lot 70x130;
6trlct!y choice location.
INVESTMENTS." . .-, > '
S22CO— 7 rooms; rents for $22: well located.
$4500 — 10 rooms; rents for $42 50; very good
property.
$4750 — 12 rooms; rents for $50: nearly new;
«-xtrH Er-od location for income.
$47T«o — ]fi rooms; in nice condition; rents for
$50: d'-clded bargain.
$Sf<00— Well located business lot; cheap
buildings; pays fair rate of interest <¦-¦>
LYMAN ALLEN.
2129 Center st.
$1000— ?200 CASH. bal. $15 per month; 4 fine
rooms; 1 block to train and cars; lot 50x100
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1300— $500 CASH. bal. $15 per month: 5 rooms.
bath; lot 60x115. W. C. MORAN* & CO.
$2000 — NEW 6-room cottage, barn and lot lOOx
125; fine neighborhood. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2350 — NEW C-room . house. Just completed;
large corner lot; flne mantel, sideboard, gas
fixtures, stationary tubs, porcelain bath, tint-
ed walls; 1 block to school and church, stores
etc.; $200 ea*h, bal. $20 per month. W. C
KORAN' & CO. . .
$2200 — NEW S-room house: lot 50x140- muft be
sold at once. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$700 UP for lots in the Wheeler Tract: 48 al-
ready sold; grandest view In Berkeley. W'
C. MORAN & CO.. ¦ \
S20C— LOT. 50x135. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$400— LOT, 100x135. W. C. MORAN. Lorin eta-
tion, Schmidt block. Berkeley, Cal.
HERE is a snap — If you are tired and want to
retire buy this place; lot 60x270; covered a'.l
over with fruit trees, flowers, vegetables of
all descritplons; neat well built cottage; must
be seen to be appreciated; owner lives alone
i .and wants to go to Europe: price $2000 for a
few days only. MAY & MORTIMER. 2123
Center Et., Berkeley.
BERKELEY bargains— Send for prices of lots
. in the Hllieirass Tract, Special agents. MAY
& MORTIMER. Berkeley station. " ¦ -
$1000— MOST sightly lots in Berkeley in the
Wheeler Tract; each 50x130; street work
done; send for map. MAY & MORTIMER.
$4000— PRETTY home in the Scenic Park near
college: 8 rooms and bath: lots 70x125 ¦» street
work done: land worth $10 a foot. MAY ¦&.
&1ORTIMER.
$1 3 25— GOOD bars in the Hillegass Tract; lots
- "60x148; street work all done. Including cement
¦walkB, macadamizing, gas, sewer, • water, and !
climate unexcelled In the . world. "MAY &
MORTIMER. , . ¦. \
$450— LOTS 50x125: street work done; short
walk to cars; a big snap. Call and see us
MAY & MORTIMER. 2123 Center St.. Berkel
ley.
BARGAINS IX BERKELEY PROPERTY.
$2500 — Handsome new 2-Btory. - C rooms and
hath; near Aehby station; lot . 40x130; $500
down, rest monthly. • •
$.'50 each— Lou. 50x150; on. Hillegass ave.
BOTHERMEL & MERRELL, 607 California *t
MUST be sold; owner leaving for southern part
of State; handsome house of 11 rooms and
bath; good location; fine view; lot 70x163;
will eel! at sacrifice to make quick sale. Ap-
ply JOS. 3. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley
station.
EMPLOYMENT r WANTED-— FEMALE.
AN American woman would like plain or fany
I y ily sewing ; ' dresses ¦ refaced or bound reasori-
: able; or will go out by the day. ; 210 Grove.
COMPETENT " young ' woman ' wishes situation
to cook. by day or housework; references. Ad-
dress B, 615 Larkln st. ¦ .
WOMAN wants 'work by the -day, washing,
ironing, , houss cleaning; $1 and carfare.- 513
. Howard ¦ st.; room . 13. : ; .. ¦ ,
HOTEL housekeeper — A lady t who thoroughly
.^understands her business desires a position In
finst-class hotel or- summer resort; first-class
.. references/ Box 1585, Call offlce. .
GERMAN .woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or to cook for men. Box 1597, Call. ¦
A 'LADY would like a housekeeper's position.
Address 11 Polk at.
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged American wo-
man, wishes position where there is children;
experienced and trustworthy. Box 1575, Call.
DRESSMAKER and ladles' tailor,
'first class, '.well experienced,' excellent refer-
.ences, $2 per day. Dressmaker. 670 Harrison.
OLD lady wishes position in small family • to
assist for good home at small wages. 18391,4
;- Mission st. > . • , ¦
YOUNG woman will go out to "work, by day,
washing, ironing and housekeeping; $1 per
day. MRS. BONTO, 1103 Powell st. .
WOMAN wants work by . the day; washing,
' ironing, first-class house cleaning; $1 day and
. carfare.- Address box .1598, Call office.
TRAINED nurse, with city references, desires
situation as companion and attendant to ln-
/ valid lady, or would travel with invalid; $30
.to $50. per month and expenses. Box 4301,
. Call office.; '¦¦;-¦¦¦
RELIABLE woman wants situation as chil-
dren's nurse or companion to elderly lady:
. . first-class references; willing to assist with
housework and sewing. , 120 Fourth st.
POSITION wanted by a first-class seamstress;
willing .' to v help with other light duties;
wages $25. Address box 4902, Call office.
TWO American women from the East would
like a position together on a ranch. | Call at
11 Polk st. ¦¦¦:.¦ . .-¦-
.WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; 'free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and tubscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 . McAllister st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established .: at 109S
Valencia st ' . . -.
¦ EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
STRONG, willing boy would like a place 'in a
large firm; anything where he can advance
i would be acceptable; best of . reference. . Ad-
dress C. H., 838 Mission Et. - \%
COUPLE want' ranch positions; husband hon-
1 est, . ' capable, sober, intelligent; performs
light general work and superintends; wife
splendid housekeeper and manager; Eartern
" experience. Box 4873, Call office.
WANTED — Position as bartender; ! reference
. given. Box 1633, Call office. ' .
WANTED by competent man position as
coachman, | gardener, or to take charge of
small place; references. Address box 3593,
Call offlce. V
A YOUNG man would like position In whole-
sale or retail house, any work; city or coun-
try; good references. Box 4906, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by bookkeeper; age 2i;
¦ 8 years' ' experience; also Insurance; personal
Interview preferred; agents need not answer.
Address . box 4004, Call "offlce. . .
MIDDLE-AGED man; sober, reliable; as man
about place; care of horses, cows, t.mall
garden, etc. ; handy with tools. Box 1480,
Call office. i .
WANTED — By a man of long practical experi-
ence in the manufacture of preserves, pickles,
catsups and sauces; city or country. Address
W. H.. 1729 Eddy st. -
YOUNG man - wants position as coachman and
gardener; good driver; can milk; handy with
tools. Box 1407. Call.
YOUNG . man, 29, accurate bookkeeper, quick
and correct at figures, wants position of any
kind; speaks French; salary .moderate; ref-
erences. . Box 1478, Call. . .
MALE stenographer desires position; is em-
ployed at present but would like change; sev-
eral years' experience; best 6f references* Bos
-1532. Call offlce. -.' f ¦...-..
INTELLIGENT young man having 5 or 6
I hours dally to himself wishes outside ! work.
Address with particulars, box 4916, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses
and tools, wants light work; no milking;
. small, wages If good place. H. W., U5V4
Second st. , \
GERMAN man and wife, very neat, capable
as man about place, gardener, etc.; wife i«
fln>t-class cook, both with most excellent
references, wish situations, either In city or
country, at SSO. ' Can be seen at J. F.
CROSETT & CO.'S. 834 Sutter st - •
MIDDLE-AGED man, ' sober and willing,
wants a place; -handy with tools; any kind
of hard work. Address H. .WICKS, 633
Sacramento st.
ELDERLY man would like to work In private
family; care of horses or cows; city or coun-
, try; small wages; references if required. Ad-
dress 278 Natoma st.
GARDENER; understands grafting, budding
¦ and all-around gardening; private place or
nursery; reference. Box 1601, Call office. -
WATCHMAKER, first-class workman and
steady habits, wants 'position; has good set
of tools; city or country.; Box 1589, Call. ,
WANTED — By man and wife of experience,' a
/ranch or farm to' rent or to take care; refer-
ences given; write for particulars. Address
N. D..-50 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
POSITION wanted by electrician ; ' repairing
and constructing motors and dynamos; re-
. pairing; . good references. Box 1596, Call.
WINE cellarman, experienced, best reference,
: j wants employment. Box 4619, Call of Jjee.
MARRIED man, thoroughly understands f arm-
i . ing, orchard and vineyard work, wants to
\ take charge of place; good man with horses;
¦ good references. ." P. D., 21% Harrison ave.,
. off Folsom st ; ' . . - . '. ¦ ¦ r>
YOUNG man, speaking English. German, some
Spanish, with experience In buying and sell-
[ ing cattle, wishes situation. A. F. P., box
48B5. Call office. ¦ ¦' - /
HONEST, j reliable young man wants " position
on ranch, acquainted with all kinds of farm
.'work; $35 per month and board. Box 4861,
Call offlce. . -
MAN and wife, both cooks, want work same
place, olty or country: man also farmer and
teamster. 153 , Third st. room 15.
FIREMAN wants position; seven years' ex-
perience; best of references. Dox 4740. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st V .. . . . - : •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
-. ¦ - '¦ ¦¦ - FLATS ;'.TO - : LET.
A NEW modern upper flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. Inquire at 1180 Stanyan st
FILLMORE, 1912— Elegant sunny upper flat of
7 rooms and bath; rent $25. BURNHAM &
.' MARSH CO.. ¦ 20 Montgomery st. . ,
ELEGANT new flats. 8 rooms. Washington st,
between Polk and Van Ness; open to-day. ¦
GROVE,' 700 — New sunny modern flat, 6 rooms,
..."bath, tinted, • storeroom; adults. -. .
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— Sunny
lower flat of 4 rooms.
NEW- modern sunny . flats ; yards and base-
ments; near Park. 257 Carl st; nr. Stanyan.
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
. : tubs and ¦ bath ; $18. 1 181 A Howard st
STANYAN, .1132— Furnished' or unfurnished
lower flat; NE. corner: gun air day; modern.
TO let— Two ; sunny corner * flats of J' rooms-
good cpenlne for dentist. : Apply to Golden
Ga:a Pharmacy/corner Flllmore and Union.
' ;-; FLATS . " TO / LET~FUR1VISHED.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — t rms. ; bath; gas range -
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR 8ALE--rOIlNiSHED.
NEWLY' furnished ¦ corner flat, 8 - rooms and
bath; all bay iwlndows ; price $C25. Call at
j 495: Eddy st, -corner; Hyde." •
Al GRANDLY i furnished , C-room flat at a bar-
¦¦¦ ; gain. D.McRAE. 837 Mission st.
' UPSTAIRS flat, 6 sunny furnished rooms. Call
<L 1620 Central ave.;- bet Sutter and Bush sts.
FOR SALE.
AT CAVANAGH Furhlture^Co;,; oiY^and 850
.Mission st. — Special Inlaid linoleum, 65c yard-
¦; couches." $3; stoves,-- $5; chairs, '35c; bed sets'
$8 and up; 4 rms.furn.. oak, $48, No.,7 stovel
FURNISHED ,' flat 0 - rooms ; Geary st, near
¦ Jones; : part cash, balance easy terms. - Par-
; tlculars.415 Ellis st. ' • „¦ ; . f"
4 ROOMS furnished : In oak, $48 60 with No 7
j -. range, i King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Mark'et.
4 ; ROOMS; . furniture for * aale; '. flat to rent
"285 Clinton: Park.-;" , •>"
FURNITURE of 4 rooms; flat for rent for $20
:^.314%, Fulton' st. y - ';¦¦''.- *> v v "
FURNITURE of ; 3-room : flat , for sale; , almost
new; ; rent |12. 522A Natoma st :--'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OAKT,A\n KRATi KSTATB.V _ '; .
WOODWARD, .WATSON & CO.,
.'¦i>': . *. ' ; r V '903 Broadway, Oakland..
¦ ELEGANT NEW HOME. '
• ' -$3750— . •¦¦ -
On Valdez st (first street east of Webster),
I between 23d and 24th ; Piedmont . cars pass
property;, Just completed; new modern : colonial
J-story houses; .7- rooms, (bath and basement;
on eunny side of street; on beautiful high lot;
latest ~ improvements:,- natural wood finish
throughout; see these houses to-day.
INVESTMENT.
. ~-i;- ..¦¦ > $1200. ',--¦
¦ On the east side of Webster St., 25 feet nouth
ot Third; Just the location for warehouse;' lot
60x75. v V ... :'..¦ ¦¦¦.•" ~\ • ; \ - '¦ " '¦¦
. INVESTMENT.
" - $750. •
Three lots. 75x130 in all; street work all
done; on west side Louisa st, bet B st and
the Santa Fe, Railroad. •.-
FINE BUILDING LOTS...
- (0x100, west side Oak st, bet. 13th and 14th;
only $4550.
50x100; east side Oak street, bet 11th and
12th; $2750; the Improvements on lot cost
$2500; these we throw In. r
45x100: south side 13th st, bet Madison and
Oak; only $2700. . <
40x100; we?t side Madison, bet. 13th and
14th; only $2500.
50x116; east side West st, bet. 33d and 34th;
only $1000; other lots in this tract any size
desired at greatly reduced prices; send for map.
¦ ¦ " ':. ¦¦ .' ; " $3ooo.' ¦• . -" ; .' ' . <
NE. corner 5th ave. and East 18th st: 150x
150; very fine corner for homes or for business.
BEAUTIFUL HOME. :
~™. $8000.
NW corner ISth and Linden sts.; Iot«130xl29,
with -an L running through to Chestnut "st. ;
fine modern house of 9 rooms; all latest Im-
provements; beautiful grounds; one of the best
buys in Oakland.
• '• ' ' ' ' - ¦ ' ' '
$6500. • \"
North side of 10th st, bet Jackson and
Madison; lot 75x100; large cottage of 9 rocms;
all in Al condition; this place is a baxgain;
plenty room for another house or flats.
WOODWARD, -WATSON & CO.,
. ¦"''-¦.. 003 Broadway, • Oakland.
AN elogant new house, large lot. In choicest
location In Oakland ;¦ price $3500: a bargain:
see It Apply to P. W. ANDERSON, 28 San
Pablo ave. ¦ : •
OAKXAJVD FimiflTURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE Rood and^heap^thtr month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
Mill Valley Advertisements;
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL
MILL VALLEY..
,40 Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
We have subdivided into lots the finest prop-
erty In Mill Valley, known as the SUNNYSIDE
TRACT.- The streets have been graded and
will be sewered and macadamized. The tract
commands splendid views of Mount Tamalpals
and the bay. The ¦. North Shore Railroad ls
about. to expend $1,000,000 to perfect an ideal
ferry and electric line system. . .
Send now for plats and. prices -and go and
look at the property.' . . . <
/ McAFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery st., San Francisco.
S. H. ROBERTS, real estate and Insurance!
Mill Valley, Cal. — Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or year; im-
proved and unimproved property for sale.
DENTISTS.
A^3R."Trs?^Q"dlNs7.92Y"MarkenBiu Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years', ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
• 4th, 'r. .7, -Flood bldgr-: extractions don* pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up: plates, extractions ¦ free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J..W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C, ANDER-
. SON,- D. D. S., proprietor and manager. . •
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
•plates. $5, full set: all work painless and war-
i ranted. . Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
• unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime; |
crowns, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
i DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkln — Paln-
less ext, BOc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 'Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 4G O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
' ' DOG HOSPITALS.'
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggist*
or at the Hospital. 610 Golden Gate ave. ¦
EMPLOYBIENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE . reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klposhlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish most
reliable help. 024 Bush st; tel. Bush 616.
CHINESE and Japanese help; -estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best helpi cook and
waiter. ,421 Post. GEO. AOKI ; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 6072.
AN • experienced nurse wishes engagements,
surgical or confinement cases; city or coun-
• try; physician' 8 reference given; reasonable.
Call or address Ladles' Nurse, 127 Seventh.
STYLISH dressmaking . in families. In ladles'
and children's clothes, by experienced dress-'
: maker; $1 25 per day; references.' 1237 Web-
ster st, near. Ellis. ; ' ..; \- •>.,<
REFINED American lady ; must have employ-
, ment; managing housekeeper preferred; city
- or country; no postals. Box 4908. Call. . •', ..
GERMAN woman wishes to -have work
' ¦ Wednesdays: washing,' Ironing or house-
• cleaning. Please call ¦ 1331 Pacific st", down-
•¦ stairs: \ ; - • . ' '- . " - . . , ~ , [ ¦ " \
COMPETENT stenographer' desires permanent
. position;' first-class • references. Box -4915,
Call offlce. ¦ _• , ,
COMPETENT stenographer :< with experience
desires position;: wages $23-$30. Box 4914;
Call offlce. . . ; ... .; '. y ( . /, <\
MILLINERY done at -ladles' homes; own ma-
terial; utilized,-' new .-furnished;., terms' mod-
erate..; Address box - 1567, Call ; offlce. V'- v .,.¦:
A YOUNG lady wishes position by the. day or
- week with the sick,' or! light waiting In pri-
vate family. Apply. 349 Pierce st, between
.1 and 4 Monday. . ;.-:, >--'•
WANTED— Position by -experienced lady sten-
ographer; references. " W. PARROTT, Golden
Gate Station. Oakland. . /
WANTED — Position by experienced lady book-
keeper, and . stenographer;' -references.- -W.
¦¦ PARROTT,, Golden Gate Station, Oakland.
AS i household helper. In small family desired,
'- by refined ¦ Ia3y ; wages ' and - kind ¦ treatment
desired ; no postals. Box 4909, Call offlce.
A STYLISH : dressmaker; perfect - fitting; ' rea-
,•¦'. sonable : rates. f!131 Pplk-Bf- -.- •> ,/; -,.\
COOK, will ¦ do ' general » housework ; - wages $25
- to $30; references, j Address E. N.,',box 4900,
-. Call office. ..: , . ' : : . ' ' ,
POSITION ' wanted : by - German : nurse; city or
.r; country;; has first-class references. , Box ; 1479,
, . Call Office.- '.";',¦-¦;. ...,¦•¦ ; ,- > '. ¦ ;' i
.WANTED — Position as housekeeper ' or ¦'. com-
panion to . elderly , lady, . for the day only.
. Address Lady,; box'4912. Call ', offlce. „¦ ; . .,.-.-;'
EXPERIENCED : stenographer* and typewriter
'.. desires; position;; salary jnoderate. : C. S.V211
Haven st, -Oakland. •;.-. .' . ..;->'• 5 ,- V v
RESPECTABLE \ Swedish woman , wants ' dln-
ihg-room work, or country work, in boardlng-
¦ house,- by. the .week. ¦; 207S Mission st, ' ->.'
•WANT dressmaking, cutting and fitting; noth-
';.lng but first-class work "done; suits- remod-
; «led. ¦ MISSBARSS, ¦ South • Park/ ' 16 De
•"Boonvst •¦¦¦•¦•-•¦ . _.,-•• .'-•.¦; r/ •-: . ; <-.. ".;_•
EXPERIENCED; educated nursery :¦ : governess
\ .wishes to take entire charge of children; $30;
i references. > Addrees Governess, • 410 Franklin.
iJHll IHIIIILIIWt Tn — liTTi i PIT 'i lliiliiuMi hi 1*11 mm iit.JiMil i W mmn« iTm
BERKELEY ..ADVERTISEMENTS
IlGIIKEliKV It HAL KSTAT B.
YOU should see this — An up-to-date modern
house of 7 rooms and bath: combination fix-
tures, connected with gas and electric lights;
lot 50x150; street woik all done; -near th*
university and electric railroad; a perfect
poem; only $3750, and for sale by MASON.
Inthe Hillegass tract; a fine corner lot.
50xl4S; street work all done; cement side-
walks; a b|£galn at $1400 from MASON. -
Only 2 left: full 50-foot lots In the Hille-
gass tract; street work all done: near the
. cars. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, ,
i\tjU£ ¦ - Berkeley Station.
$1SOO— SEE this fine northwest corner, 50x135.
with large modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
h ( "h basement; chicken yard, etc.; close, to
£?*.ion, schools, etc.; $250 cash, balance easy
installments. H. D. IRWIN. Lorin .Station.
BERKELEY LAND, in Large and Small Lots.
Note the following bargains:
$550 — Good business lot at Ashby station;
street work done; 40x100.
$425 — 50x100; close to Ashby station, above
the railroad.
$550— £0x105; flne lot on Shattuck ave.. ad-
Joining nice improvements: street . work done.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
NO. "315 — 10-room 2-story house: modern plumb-
Ing: beautiful lawn: barn; large lot; street
work and walk all done; close in town; for
the moderate sum of $4700.
No. 30S — New C-room house: cozy home; 4
blocks from Berkeley station, on good etreet;
$3250.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH, Real Estate, In-
•- surance,
2171 Shattuck ave^ Berkeley, Cal.'
$750 — CHOICE lot 50x105; cunny side; cars In
front; 2 short blocks from station; worth
$1250; positively must be sold. •
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
| COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
i ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
! FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FKUITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL. -
Cor. Washington st. and Frultvale ave.
$700 — House of 3 rooms, 3 blocks from car
line; lot 50x150; several fruit 'trees and
flowers; $100 cash, balance $7 20 month.
$900 — House of 5 rooms and bath; lot 45x140 ;
chicken house, barn for 5 head of cattle,
fruit trees and flowers; city water; 3
blocks from electric car line; $100 cash,
balance $9 <50 per month.
$1000 — House of 3 rooms; large lot: good well;
4 blocks from car line; terms to suit
• purchaser. - .
$1000 — House of 5 rooms and bath; lot 112x112;
- • barn; % mile from station; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month.
$1000 — House of b rooms: lot 45x145; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month; Allendale
Tract
$1100 — House of 5 large rooms; lot 45x145; all
fenced; $100 cash, balance $12 mcrth.
$1200 — New house of 4 rooms, grained In oak-
lot 50x174; city water; $200 cash, bal-
ance $12 per month. /
$1500 — House b rooms; steel bath; 30 cherry
trees; city water; lot 50x174; $100 cash,
balance $16 80 per month. This ls a
bargain.
$1500 — House 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x104;
$21 per month will buy this home: For-
est Park.
$1550 — House s rooms and bath; high bassment;
stationary tubs; lot 37:6x124; 4 blocks
Irom station; $50 cash, balance $13 per
month. This is a snap. /
$1700— Modern house 5 rooms and bath; %
block from school, 1 block from car
line, 4 blocks from station; nice barn;
city water; lot 35x124; $200 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month.
$1800- r House tf rooms, bath, mantel; stationary
tubs: high basement; 2 blocks from sta.-
w «,»y° n ' * 300 ca * h ' balall ce $21 per month.
Iso. 1105 l«th street — Six-room modern cottage;
a desirable home; price $2250; small
-„ « Payment down, balance eame as rent
1 6 Orange ave.— Six-room house: large lot;
$1200; no payment down; monthly pay-
ment $10 80. * v j
E> R UDELL. corner Fruitvale avenue
and Washington street: offlce hours 8 a. m to
6 p. m.. Sundays Included.
A — HULL & LEE. Frultvale Station
$400 — Nice shingle cottage of a rooms, large
barn: lot 50x125; fruit trees and flowers; V
block from electric cari ,
$1100—2 acres choice land; $250 cash bal-
ance in equal payments; beautiful view of bay
and surrounding country: grand place for a
home and chickens; It will pay to see this
$1300 — Chicken ranch; grand furniture of 6-
room bouse, 300 chickens, chicken-houses,
brooder-house and brooders, for 1000 chickens
some ducks. 2 horses, flne cow. 1 carriage i
spring wagon, 0 Incubators, all farming tools-
the furniture alone worth the money; property
contains 6 acres, all in orchard, fine barn, 2
windmills, abundance of water, house of 7
rooms and bath; no fog nor high winds; a long
lease at Email rent: close to electric cars
$400 cash — Lovely new cottage of 4 rooms
and bath, steel enamel tub, fine pantry lot
00x100; 3 minutes from local train; balance of
price payable $15 monthly; this Is a choice
property: ' highly improved neighborhood and
all for f.1550.
$3500 — A grand modern home, 9 rooms, bath,
gas. furnace heated, large carriage-house and
stable, corral, lawn, trees; elegant location; a
flne home: 2 lines of cars; 3 minutes from
property; house finished in curly redwood and
has large salon parlors; attic contains 2 ad-
ditional rooms and is all floored; owner must
cell and can show that he has put over $0000
In the property; laree lot.
$2000 — Beautiful new C-room house on flne
corner; choice flowers, berries and garden:
large bathroom, Eteel enamel tub, patent closet,
houpe finished in natural Oregon pine; 2
blocks to street cars; no fog or high winds.
$1850^ — Grand home; choice neighborhood-
Juet finished; 2-story house of 5 large rooms
pantry, bath, enamel steel tub, tiled sink, art
windows. laree lot
52OCO — Lovely house of 6 rooms, close to flne
school, street work done, sewered, gas. electric
lights: 5 minutes to local trains; % block to
streetcars. »
You can get easy term's on all these prop-
erties, and we have many others. Come and
talk your plans over.
HULL & LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave..
Half-block from Station. Carriage free.
H. A. PLEITNER Frultvale Station, Cal
$1350.
For sale — In East Oakland, cottage of 4
rooms and bath; all furnished; half basement
etc.: good brick foundations; fruit trees;
chicken house; lot 30x130: all fenced; conven-
ient to electric cars and local train.
$1250.
House of 4 rooms: 7-foot basement; stable;
chicken house, 12 chickens; 1 horse; cow;
spring wagon; fruit trees; lot 65x235; must be
cold as owner ls going to Europe.
Cozy cottage of 3 rooms, hard finished; sta-
ble; city water; lot 7SxI00; two blocks from
electric cars; easy terns. V.
$1050.
Good house of 6 rooms and bath: stable;
chicken house, etc; lot 41x111; only 10 minutes'
walk from Frultvale Station.
New modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath •
hall, hlch basement and all modern improve-
ments; fruit trees, etc.: lot 72x368: all fenced
and cross fencc-d; fronting oa main county
road.
i A new home for $2600; on easy terms; $300
cash: $28 monthly; pretty, colonial style house
of 6 rooms and basement; large hall; flne brick
mantel; open plumbing; porcelain baths; tiled
elnk. stationary tubs: rooms beautifully tinted
and frescoed; lot 50x157; all. fenced; located in
the choicest part of Fruitvale: handy to
ecbools. churches, and within walking distance
of local train.
. ?2500.
Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath; man-
tel and all modern Improvements f fruit trees,
etc.; lot 50x137; 12 minutes' walk from- Fruit-
inle Station; fine location and a bargain. For
full particulars apply to
H. A. PLIiIT:JER. Frultvale Station.
$27O0 — 6-ROOM /cottage; all modern, with
flne 'flowers, fruit trees; street work, all done;
cars t>ass the door.'
$2500 — 6-room cottage; all modern, with
etreet work all done; flne iron fence In front;
lot 60x140; cars pass door.
$1400 — 4-roora modern cottage; hot "and cold
water; bath, chicken house and yard; street
work all done; lot 27»4xll9. ' . ,'
$3200 — One acre of ground; flne fruit trees;
pood stable: on corner; 3 blocks from street
car: r with 6-room house, . bath, hot and cold
water, good mantel and wash trays.
$1400 — 4-room house In • first-class condition ;
bath, hot and cold water: good basement; deep
lot: 2 blocks from street car.
$2100 — I acres near High street.
Apply - ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
-• ',¦ ¦ 115123d ave.. East Oakland.
$7500 — COMFORTABLE country home on
Fruitvale ave.; 3 acres; 2-story house of 11
rocms; large barn and outhouses: owner
cleared $350 one year .on cherries alone; nice
• family orchard;, beautiful grounds; electric
car line in front; tee photos at offlce.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
• 1008 Broadway, Oakland. ,
OWNER wants bid for fine lot; no agents-
<tr.ust sell. . GONEIN. box 4913. Call office.
ALAMEDA; ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
THERE are fttill'a few lots left on Santa Clara
ave.. near Sherman St.; will build on terms to
¦ eult. ' -. : ' -• • ¦ ¦. - ¦— .. ,
$2C50-^-New ¦ cottage ; 0 rooms ; Webber st. :
lot 00x120. J. H.- YOUNG. Builder, =
1243 .. Park at
ALaMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS;
. REAL ESTATE^
$750 — LOT 33:4xS5;. cottage of .4 rooms and
. • bath; street- work done; near station. :
$1750 — Lot 50x140; 2-rtcry house; 1 rooms, j
I $2200 — Lot 37:C.xir.O; fine cottage, 0 rooms and
I ¦ bath; lawn, . flowers and fruit; near
' >• ¦ school and station.- ... .¦ , ; :¦-•"-. .
$2000 — New 5-room cottage; near station. . ¦'¦'
$2300 — Lot 40x175; up-to-date new cottage of 7
rooms and bath; $500 cash, $25 per
¦' . month ; fine neighborhood. '
$3300 — Lot 40x175; new 2-story house of 8
.' rooms and bath; first-class neighbor-
hood: near station; $750 cash, $27 per
month. .
$5000 — Lot 100x150; 8- room modern ' home;
• , lawn, flowers, orchard; fine stable; near
station and school ; great bargain.
$1500 — Lot 42x150; fine NE. cor. in first-class
neighborhood, with • 2-Btory. house of ¦ 8
rooms and bath; inlaid floors and. bil-
liard-room ;$lG00 cash, balance to suit;
great bargain.
Houses to let; choice lots at low prices.
. H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1422 Park st.
THE BARGAINS WE OFFER ¦ . ~~
SURPRISE THE PEOPLE.
$2500 — An elegant colonial house; modern
Improvements; large lot; must be sold to settle
estate. . -
$3000 — Fine C-room cottage; beautifully situ-
ated; flower garden, and near schools; a bar-
gain. • .
$3500 — 7-room house; lot 50x150; near Mor-
| ton st. '¦ . - .••
$4000 — The greatest bargain ever offered In
Alameda; 9-room house; lot 50x150; sacrificed;
close -to Morton-st station."
See the above; all great values.
Nothing like them on the market.
Houses built, rented ; and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
¦4 1500 Park st, Alameda.
Office cpen Sundays and evenings. ¦ '
GOOD Income property In Alameda; -house of
0 rooms; lot 50x100; well,, windmill, tank;
fruit, trees, grape vines, etc., to exchange
for vacant lots In San Francisco, Oakland
¦ | or Alameda; value $2000. Call or addrebs
Owner. 1805 Sherman St.. Alameda.
ELEGANT cottage, fine large garden; must bo
sold account departure.- See owner W>18 Ben-
toa. Alameda. or 503 California, r. 218, S. F.
COTTAGES AVANTED.
WANTED — In Alameda, furnished small cot-
tage or housekeeping rocms for '3 months;
state price: narrow gauge preferred. Box
4S-1S. Call office. ¦ " .,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
- - -.- \ . -
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
" • • "*"* t |
$S00 — Nice 5-room cottage, bath, gas; street
work complete; house ls In good condi-
tion; very central; 2 blocks from local;
easy talking distance of Washington
' * st. ; look into this.
$750 — Why pay rent when you can buy a neat
3-room cottage within IS minutes' walk
of City Hall, with lot 25x180 feet?
'¦• Street work all done; $200 cash, balance
monthly. . .
$1200 — We have the most extensive list of mod-
ern up-to-date houses at the lowest
prices; Just think of *-room cottage with
large lot, 65x100 feet; chicken houses
and corrals; fruit and flowers; close to
cars; sunny; this offer is unsurpassed;
easy terms can be arranged.
$2000r-Pretty 7-room View, modern 1% -story
house; fine location; street work all
done; lot all fenced; $300 down, balance
monthly. y
$3500 — Two-story modern house. Just completed;
7 large commodious rooms; 2 bay-win-
dows; tower window; sun heater for
heating water; 6plendld workmanship;
best of architecture; very central; be-
tween two car lines. ¦
$1500— Fine bargain; 7-room modern house; :
large lot; fruit and flowers in plenty;
chicken yards; lovely view; 3 blocks
from local and electric lines; good local-
ity; easy terms if desired.
$6500— A whole block of land with 4' nice cot-
tages located thereon; modern; In fine*
condition and weir rented; bringing in
Income of $50 per month; improvements
/ alone cost $9500; close to local and eleo-
trlc lines; easy reach of New Santa Fe
Railroad depot; this price has been re-
• duced for quick sale on account of own-
er's departure for Europe. •
$8500 — One of the finest residence properties yet
offered: 13 large rooms; sunny corner;
centrally located; cost more than double
the price asked; must be sold.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway. 'Oakland.
S3S50 — REDUCED FROM &1500.
New Colonial 7-room house; open and nickel
plumbing; paneled dining-room, elegant side-
board, decorated celling; in fact an idealrpot;
near business center, schools; large lot; drive-
way, lawn; terms $700 cash; balance mort-
gage; first come first served. J. - S. MYERS
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1750 — PRESENT CASH VALUE $3000. !
Owner non-resident and must sell; lot 50x150;
6 rooms and bath, all In perfect order; barn,
large chicken yard ; private water-supply on
premises; only 1 block from Postofflce; teeing
ls believing; no reserve; my Instructions are to
sell. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$1750— COST OF LOT ONLY. ~ , -¦¦-.;
Improvements given away; present .income
$15 per month; two houses of 3 rooms each. In
good order and only 2 blocks from the I local
train; near business center; owner In destitute
circumstances and must sell at once for the
best offer received; Eeelng is believing. J S
MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$2500— $4000 PREVIOUSLY REFUSED. .
2 flats of 6 rooms each; all modern In every
respect; 2 blocks to local train; right in town-
mortgage $2000; only $500 cash; a guaranteed
income of 12 per cent on the Investment- 5
days only at this price. J. 6. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. , . ¦
$10.000 — FLATS, 3 blocks from I4th and
Broadway (business eerier).
A guaranteed Income for 3 years, under lease
at 9. per cent net on the Investment; property
lias a business prospect and should be worth
#20,000 In one year; stores now under construc-
tion adjoining this property. J. S. MYERS
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO., ,¦ ¦ . ¦ ' - ¦.-
1010 Broadway, Oakland.
LIST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$175 — Two lots, 50x150 each, well located:
close to Telegraph ave. car line . and good
school; easy terms.
. $300— Corner lot; close to town, car line
and school. •» ¦ . - - . ' . . .
$250—44 feet front on high ground; grand
view; close to car line; fine . neighborhood-
easy terms. yli .y.
$500 — Corner lot 80 feet front; unobstructed
view; near car line; well located; easy terms.
$500 — Lot 50x125 feet: two feet above grade-
street work complete; fine view; elegant neigh-
borhood; easy terms. ,
Cheap, large corner on R. R., suitable for
factory; good switching facilities. ", [
. $«W — Corner lot on San Pablo ave., 25x325;
cheap; easy terms; certain to raise In value.
*22M— loves .ent, flat* en corner; street
-work 'fordone; close to local station and car
lines: brings 10 per cent en $3000: easy terms.
And rm. 32, second floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. : •, ' . • ¦.. ¦
460 TENTH ST.. OAKLAND.
$1000— No. 708 Franklin st.\ near Broadway
station: old cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x75 feet;
street work- all done; stone walks; big pros-
pective value: house rented now; Improvements
poor, but land worth more tha.n the price asked
for entire property; terms If desired. . .
Cottage 1743 Filbert st. ($1000) is sold. , j
$.•5000— No. 14C0 Filbert st. ;; modern, nearly
new Eastlake cottage of 0: large rooms (extra
well built), in first-class condition; high hase-
m«nt with summer kitchen and cement . laun-
dry tubs and cement floor; solid , 4-foot brick
wall foundation, cemented on 'the outside; lot
40x125 (note the • size) ; stone walks; ; gravel
driveway: open lawn; fruit trees; sunny; de-
sirsbln; $500 down, balance ; monthly; : liberal
discount .for •¦ cash; take 14ttf or 10th • st. ' cars
from ¦ Broadway. . ¦ •. -
v ' GEO. AV\ AUSTIN,
460 10th st. Oakland.,
$5 CASH; $2 60 monthly; 2 lots, 25x250; price
$39 each. » , , ..¦•--.
¦;.: $20 cash, $5 monthly; lot r 100x100; price $250
In all. '¦ „ •'¦' if ¦' ¦ "-,- '¦" ' ¦ . ¦ i ., ¦; , .
. $50 cash. $5 monthly: 4 lots. 100x100; tress
and' shrubberies; price $300. ¦
$75 cash; $7.50 monthly; 8 lots, 100x200; fine
oaks and laurel trees ; i price $575. ' ¦- • •¦.-•¦•
¦ :- $05 cash. $10 monthly; 200x200; price $985 In
all; fine soil; 'grand view;. superb climate; near
electric car- line; fine' school;, building up rap-
idly with a good class of people; no fogs nor
raw winds ; - adjdlning East ? Oakland ; call or
i send/ for circular. 455 Seventh st, opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free H
Z. JONES. Owner. . ; v ¦ ' '
$45 • AN ; acre^ — 291 acres, :. 2 •> miles ' from " Hay-
¦ •wardB-,'200 acrescanbe plowed;" 2 houses, 4
and 3 rooms each; new hay barn, cost $700 to
build; barn for 0 horses; store and tool house-
stone tank; water, piped from spring;- water
piped all over the orchard; fenced andcross-
fenced; all farming tools; 29 head of cattle-
several heifers 3 and '4 years old ; ' 6 horses ;
. . wagons,-, buggies, ; etc. ; sickness : cause ' of sell-
. ing. • Houses and lots from ; $300 , to : $75 000 '
WALTER E. . LOGAN, 1118 Broadway, Oak-
¦\land. '¦.'¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ /¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ '¦ • • ;¦ * ¦ -!¦ ...
GOOD home in Oakland to exchange for ranch
: Address j box 4202, : Call j offlce, : Oakland." v •= «
I ¦•-.>:.¦ MINES
THE TACOMA CO. STEEL CORPORATION.
•±tlt: TACO-klA CO. SliiJil^ COxt^OrtAlXUiM.
'ISe tacOmI co:»i^ coxirot^xiuw.
1HK TACOMA CO. bl'thL COtt^OKAllON.
Organized, unaer tne laws ot me state ui
\V aahington. .
Capital .......... ..77TT.. ...../.• .$23,000,000
bet aside for properties C.OOO.UOO shares
Treasury stock • .2u.uou.uw shares
Tota i .'.;. 25,000,000 shares
Par value of shares. «One Dollar, tully paid,
non-assessable ana without liability to homer.
. The shares of this company are offered for
cash and on installment contracts Involving
small monthly payments, 'ihe latter enaoles
peopie ot moderate' means to secure, at small
cost and by easy Payments, an interest^ in too
company. nk£|d9k?£3>£BS
OFFICERS.
President, HEJJKY HiSWITT JR.
Vice President. A. J. HA2TWAKD.
Secretary. KinVAKD HOLTON JAMES. .
Treasurer, W. E. BLIVE.N. ._-,„,»
Chief Engineer. GEN. J. D. McINTYRE.
Counsel. 'lHOAIAS CARROLL.
References— Dun's. Brad3treefs or any bank
in Tacoma.
Selling Agents, „.„_
THE AMERICAN UUArtANTEE & TRU3T
COMPANY.
Hayward Building, cor. California and Mont-
gomery sts.,
-'"'-,¦ San Francisco. ' Cal.
To whom all orders and inquiries should b«
addressed.
COAL AND IRON.
The production of coal and iron measures
the growth of modern civilization everywhere.
It is easy to predict the future of a country
rich in the two minerals, which stand for
energy and strength. The great Northwest has
leaped into prominence as the home of the
precious metals, so-called. - The crowds have
passed unnoticed the timbered areas, the vast
coal measures and iron deposits of Washington
and British Columbia for the glittering but
elusive srizes locked In the ice and snow oX
-faraway Nome and the Klondike. :*>•«*;
AIMS OF THE COMPANT.
I The wants of this growing country are- the
opportunity of the Tacoma Company. Its plans
look to nothing less than meeting the Western
demand for Iron and steel.
The total consumption of iron on the Paclflo
Coast already amounts to over 3000 tons daily.
Let as ask what the demand will be five years
hence, with the population more than doubled
and the commerce of the Pacific ours. At the
present time. the freight charges .on Iron from
the East, the source of all of our supplies, is
$10 to $18 per ton. This single Item means s>
clear, additional gain on every ton that tha
company., will manufacture.
COAL AND COKE. IRON AND STEEL.
The work planned for the Tacoma Company
may be stated in a line: It will bring to-
gether.- at a point on Puget Sound already
selected, the coal and Iron found abundantly
on its properties. It will mine coal; but
marketing coal ls not the end of , the com-
pany's business. Its abundant coal supplies
will be turned into coke; but neither ls ths
manufacture and sale o* coke the end sought
¦The coke ls one step, and only one. in the
process of manufacturing finished Iron pro-
ducts. On the one hand we control *>*\* a
dozen great coal fields, carrying limitless quan-
tities of the best coking coal and located with-
in thirty-five miles of tidewater. And we are
In close touch with the railroad companies,
which insures the lowest transportation rates.
Our iron mines are so fortunately situated that
their products will be carried In chutes to ths
barges which convey It to the company's works.
Railroads can never bleed us with excessive
charges. Our ores and the reduction worta
are both located on tidewater and we shall
own . the ships which convey the ore to the
place of treatment. Our coal properties again
are so near the company's works that a short
and Inexpensive electric line will furnish our
own transportation from mine to tidewater
should the necessity for it arise.
FINISHED PRODUCTS THE AIM.
W«. have already ore In practically limitless
quantities. The ore, besides being of the high-
est grade. Is self-contained, so far .as the
operations of the furnaces are concerned. It
contains only ' traces of sulphur and is free
from titanium. By the addition of small
quantity of hematic, found abundantly upon
the holdings of the company this ore ls self-
fluxing, and the quality of the iron thus pro-
duced is pronounced by expert authorities equal
to the best Swedish. We shall doubtless sell
pig iron, but this, no more than the sale of
coal and coke, is the goal of the great en-
terprise we are Inaugurating. The pig Iron
will go to the markets of the world in the
shape of rails and bars and trusses and all
the multifarious forms In which iron is de-
manded in modern life.
BUSINESS REALITIES. i>
The Idea ls planted in business realities.
More than ten years ago the far-slgHtea men
now at the head of the Tacoma Company be-
gan putting together the great coal and iron
areas- which "are now the property of the com-
pany. -It already has • secured coal " and iron
sufficient for its ¦ needs for years to come. It
has at Its command great capital and more
important than alt its management represents
the highest business talent and private wealth.
Seen thus the Tacoma is something more than
a company. It is. in fact a movement anal-
agous to the great United States Steel Cor-
poration or the Standard Oil Company.
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT.
The development of this great enterprise
means the buildins of a great industrial com-
munity. The company realizes all this and Its
far-reaching plans extend to matters incidental
to the general scheme outlined above. Ths
growth of, this community means greatly en-
hanced land values at the seat of the com-
pany's operations and corresponding profit.
We are not prepared now to go at length Into
this branch of our subject It is sufficient
here to say that the company will absolutely
control the site of this community of its own,
creation. ' The Inevitable rise In values th«
unearned Increment, will inure to the stock-
holders of the company. The profits of ths>
factories, stores, shops and bank so necessary
,to community life will all go to swell the
dividends of the parent company.
* MANAGEMENT.
In the prospectus will be found condensed
sketches of the lives and business relations
of the officers of the Tacoma Company. In an
especial degree the success of a mining enter-
prise depends on the character. Integrity and
business ability of the men in charge. The
position and standing of these gentlemen in
business life are a sufficient guarantee of hon-
est and efficient administration. Soine eight
great dividend-paying enterprises, including
mines, banks, collieries and lumber companies,
stand to the credit of these gentlemen. Th«
Tacoma Company will be their ninth.
SUCCESSFUL MEN.
These men have all been successful. Thar
have the fullest knowledge and experience of
mining and the broader walks of business life.
Their reliability has been attested in a thou-
sand relations. Their talents and energies
have been placed unreservedly at th» disposal
of the company.
Take the advice of one whose great fortune
came to him largely through Investments: "I
never invest except with successful men. Show
me an investment in which successful men
are Interested and pushing and I go it blind."
SOURCES ( OK PROFIT.
This company had at its lnceotion and be-
fore a single share of stock had been placed
on the market a great aggregation of Tery
valuable properties. These In many cases are
now productive. Properties like the Marble
Bay holdlnga insure dividends at once. This
mine Is a dividend-payer now and has been
ever since It was first opened. Our great coal
and Iron Interests also only await the installa-
tion of machinery, as fully planned, to main
large profits and corresponding dividends cer-
tain. These dividend-makers may be concisely
pointed out as follows;
I.— The Immense deposit of high-grade Iron
at Redonda and Texada mines.
2— Coal and coke from the Snell mines.
»• — Coal . and coke from the various Hay-
ward properties — 4000 acres.
- 4. — The lumber obtained from some 7000
acres of fit-, spruce and cedar.
•5. — Lots. at the townsite — some 1200 acres to
be fully controlled by the company.
«.— The company's stores and bank.
7.— A smelter to be located at Marble Bay
or the townstte. '
' 8.— The great Marble Bay gold-copper prop-
erty, now yielding a handsome profit.
0. — The inexhaustible lime and marble de-
posits at Marble Bay.
10. — Wharves, townsite and hotel at Marble
11.— The great gold-copper deposits on sec-
tion 16. Texada Island. >
12. — Profit from the company's steamers and
barges operating In Puget Sound.
I-!.— Rotting mills, etc., to be located on
Pvret Sound. ... .... -
14. — The Darrington gold-copper . mines
-15. — A great Iron property In British Colum-
bia Just se<rured. , - ; *
A , glance at these lt»ms. covering bustneos
already mostly In hand, shows the enormous
values bark ot Tueoma share*
PRICES OF STOCK AND TERMS OF SALE.
Any order bearing date of April 15 nr earlier
will be filled at current price* of 12i$c ca«h
or 15c on Installments. Installment terms 10
per cent down and 10 per cent monthly until
paid. After April 15 the price will be 13'4o
cash, or 16c on Installments, pavable on the
samp ter^s. . ThN . advance Is slisrht as com-
pared with what will soon follow, as the shar-s
nra belnt: subscribed for In a large way and
the : work will moti begin < on ' the erection of
fTVo\tcr and .furnace!*. gMB
The orospectu* will give fuller ' Information.
Wp win mipply it on request, by mail or phone
Main B80.1. : ,
•The third -quarterly dividend will be paid
-April SO. • ¦
AMERICAN «"1T7AT*ANTEE *¦ TRUST CO
Hayward J*«11dinjr. ror. California and
Montgomery st*..-
-•'".* Pan Fpm"!»i'n, Col. ¦
MINING STOCK FOR^ SALE.
MONTEZUMA shares 2.Tc— My Interests In
other directions demanding it. I offer at 25«
per share a portion of my holdings- In th*
Mnntezuma Mining Company of Washington
Th^ stock Is paying regular. quarterly divfl
»%£ 3 ' and ls now. selling at 5Oc. I will sell
3000 shares, 'but not less than 100 shares to
one pei-son. C. N. THOMPSON, General De-
livery, Alameda. CaLTeachers to Get Interest.
Auditor Baehr announced yesterday
that; he' will be ready to pay the demands
of teachers for interest on their salary
claims for November and December, 1898,
on Tuesday morning 1 at S:30 o'clock. The
demands aggrregate $12,000, which was ap
propriated for the purpose in the last
budget.
The school buildings to be improved are
the Bernal, Broadway, Chinese, Emerson,
Everett, Fair mount. Girls' High, Hamil
ton, Hawthorne, Hunters Point and Whit
tier. • .
Those to be replaced by brick or stone
buildings .include the Bergerot, Garfleld.
Golden Gate, Laguna Honda, Lowell,
Madison, Marshall, Monroe, Park, Poly
technic, Richmond, Sheridan, South End.
Spring Valley, Sunnyside and Washington
schools.
The. Board of^Education met yesterday
and agreed to recommend to the Super
visors'- Public Utilities Committee that
propositions be incorporated in the pro
posed bond issue for the building- of sev
enteen schoolhouses and the Improvement
of thirteen existing buildings that are in
need of repairs. The : board figures that
the new buildings will cost from $60,000 to
$100,000 each."- _ . . ¦ . ' .;
provements to Be" Incorporated
in Proposed Bond Issue. ¦.
Eoard of Education Decides on Im-
WOULD EBECT . SEVENTEEN"
NEW SCHOOIi BUILDINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO \ CALL, StHNDA*, j^riiiL, 13, iyu;j.
39
MIXES AXP MINING.
Mining Company of ¦ Wash-*
i-ctcn has made its first shipment of black-
«ni_inx c cal t0 California. The superior
','' J ,.!|v of this coal makes it reasonably cer-
Xlatbal it will supersede Pennsylvania and
i-ri'^o-ted coals in all our Western markets.
Th'e company is potting up its first shipment
nf coking ovens and has ordered 75 more.
tt-c «harc-s (par value ?1) will be offered for
« --hoit time at 30c net cash and will no
, "per be sold on installments. Montezuma
Min'ng Company has made a good record
iurinK the past year and is now only in the
bejrfnning of its business. It should be a
oneettoo ol only a short time until the shares
reach par. For prospectus and reports aS-
!T r p« THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND
TXU-'ST CO., Hayward building, San Fran-
...- ? co. Cal.
MEDICAL.
A— PR- O'DOXNELL. world -renowned special-
ist—Ladies, ail who arc sick or in trouble.
<Y!nsi:U t'.-.c specialist on female complaints:
ir .pr.stru.-'! female complaints positively cor-
rected: t!ie unfortunate helped; relief in all
caw* tf.kpn; the most difScult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
casts; free, confidential advice on all subjects
nf a delicate nature. DR. O. W. O'DON-
NEI.L. office & residence. 101S Mkt. op. 5th,
MR? D- WYETH— Well-known reliable ladies'
specialist ; SO years* experience; Instant relief
p-u ;ran teed: home in confinement; hours 9 to
;, and 7 to 8. Removed to 100S& Market st
opposite Fifth. " *
MRS. PR. KOHL— Well -known ladles* special-
:st. removed to lOO-S^! Market st. opp. 5th t-t
MRS. SWEET. C06 Guerero st. near 18th—
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 25
years' experience In midwifery cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; Infants adopted: confinements
?15; room and beard ?5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
MRS. DR." GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
:st; maternity hospital; home for infants free;
fee low. 90ti Market st, opp. Emporium.
SIRS. D. ALLEN'. HIS Market— Reliable ladies*
srecialirt; a private home before and durins
confinement; best medical care; low fees.'
IIINDOOHEIIB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR. ROSEN, ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist 1007*4 Market; avoid delay: $10.
MRS. DAVIES, ladies' specialist at old office
122S Market st; no branch office.
DK. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton 6t. opposite
Vnion square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN "tTUR^IYT^oT^2nExaniinerbl«
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages......
On Life Interests in Estates........
Property Being Held In Trust
TTnfiivided Interests In Real Estate ..
Life Insurance Policies: Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
..IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5 Mi and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. 7TH FLOOR. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. "
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
SSortg&ges and legacies bought; no delay.....
Get ray terms before dclnsr business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
..........24 Montgomery et. room 3.........
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests,' corporation loans. Rooms 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary Et ; phoce Red 1603.
HIGHLY . respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store". 846
Market Ft.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture cr Elanos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st, room 36.
ANY .amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery Et.. room 7, opp. Lick House".
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates; confiden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson'^). 1710 Market
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
••5 • ' people on their Bote.
- THB;TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
Or. furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest -interest ;-eae}' terms; no brokerage-; **-
liable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; to removal; no commission; confiden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory blfig., 301 Jones.
ELFVTNG. €16 Examiner big. ; leans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
JflO UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; private
party. St. Ann's toldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th fir.
TO loan — Five to ten thousand dollars on real
estate. Box 14S1. Call office.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; interest low; also easy payment loans.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. Gartheis. 20S Post
ONE per cent en furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery et. r.'L
Money loaned salaried people without eecurity.
HDLL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CAEH leaned salaried people on note without
indorsee MORRELL, COO Examiner bldg.
Z% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
rooval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI, C Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
__ buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome et ,
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
rlan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg. .
BIOXEY WANTED.
LOAN of $3500 wanteS on personal property
worth $6000; good interest Box 4618. Call ;
office. .. ¦
\ MUSICAL INSTRCMENTS.
LIST of S:*cia'. Bargains on Pianos for the
enming week at BYRON MAUZY' S PIANO
W.\REHOOMS, SOS-210-212 Post si :
1 MrNoil 535
1 Dunham \\\
1 Ncn-tcn *]** 53
1 Haielton ....... "" 75
2 Arione -*75 and $100
i fy i ?P hon > r :...|75 and 5100
1 W cber jQrt
. 7 Steir.*ays floo _,_•,* jjgj
L Decker Bros j2T»
' 1 eteinvay Concert Grand '. 423
ORGANS. ¦¦¦¦ '
1 Folding Organ «•«;
1 "A . B. Chase -- m ~ [ 45
1 Mason & Hamlln " 55
1 Efctey ; 55
1 Taber fi0
1 Pipe Organ, new .$1000
BARGAIN tales may "come and go," but we
"go on forever" selling gocd pianos at a rea-
sonable price and giving customers full value
for what they pay for. We sell the cele-
brated Decker, Wissner. Baumelster and
Ktodard r>ianos and warrant every one to be
just what we represent. Low prices for pay-
ments and a *rood discount for all cash. THE
ZEXO MAUVALS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
cfler exceptionally fine pianos and largest
a^crtment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Rtelnway dealers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter ste.. S. ¦ F.; Broad-
vay end Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
AS our new building and hall is not quite
completed we are making a cut on all our
pianos Some special bargains — 1 Kcabe, $35;
I KflM. <1S5; 2 Steinways. J1C0; 3 Chicker-
injrs, *140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
'tl5 up. Email amount down and "low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
__CO.. Heine Kail. 235-237 Ceary_st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Feconrl-hand upright pianos from S58 np.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand orsran* from $23 np; new upright
Ptanoe from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SOX. 10 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
pfatio from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
__TFarrcIl St.; established 1S50. -- . ¦
LUDWIG piano* — Most popular of all. For sale
orly by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
rt.. San Fraudsco. Agents Chase & Baker |
i/'.ano players.
KMALL upright. $:J5: large cabinet grand up-
J"!grht. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new.i $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th at., Ivers & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano. ?100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for • $3 per month. '
PCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes -ft.
A LOT of Btorese pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market at
A_r upright Fischer piano, good a* new.* "cost
_ *1SO. for $225. SICKELS. 6 Geary st. .
concert grand upright piano; eacri-
flefcd account death In family. 1000 Van Ness. I
Sfianahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.^
107 POVYELL ST.n«hELL!5 33? 5056
__SIPSICAL INSTRU3IEXTS— Con. I
AN Al large Steinwa'y upright' piano, $350
cash. 27 De Long ave.
ELEGANT toned Stelnway;* a bargain. 1109
v an . Ness ave.
ALMOST new large size Stelnway -upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary Et. .
BYRON MAUZY. ~30S-310-312 Post st; Sohmcr
and other pianos and pipe organs.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
JQS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
¦ MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1887: reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hfrtz. 700 Ellis.
OFFICES AND STORES TO S LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS buUdTng 927 Market ~st^-
Light, cheerful offices,-. $15®25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone. >
LOFT for rent. 40xC5 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes: with water: $16 month.
WM. LOANE. plumber. 439. Fifth st.
STORE; Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.: -'fix-
tures; living rooms; suitable for .drug" or
grccery store. .* ' - '.
PACIFIC. 328, near Sansome-'-Handsome. large
store; cheap. ' . '
LARGE store with basement. Just below Kear-
ny. to lease: also office rms C36 Clay. nu. 1.
OIL. -
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. in good order; all elzes:
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale St.
OIL LANDS.
FOR sale cheap— Ten ecres patented land^ec.
29-2S-2S, heart of Bakersfleld district; one
well on property: oil guaranteed under every
foot. L: W. MYERS. Laughlin building. Los
An gel e«. :-•-. . ¦ '
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; • painting & tinting done.
Hartrr.an Paint Co.. 319 3d st; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C ROMAINE. 640 G. G. aye.: tel. Polk 1423.
. JALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE. scientific business palmiet,
parlors » and 10, The Vendome. l}04 Market
st. ; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. : horoscopes cast
by mail, $1; palmistry taught •
BE sure and read of Ismar's. prophesy of a
- man's raise in position and salary on page. 40.
ONE of the best palmists In the city, MRS. W.
iJcMANUS. instructor, at Chirological Col-
lege, 731 Guerrero st
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post 6t, corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post :t el. Black 5C1.
PARTNERS WANTED. ¦
$100 — PARTNER wanted; learn him the busl-
ness; it's a snap. 856 Folsom st . . ¦
~ PERSONALS. "' \ ¦ .
A RUPTURE truss with steel springs has
been used for 100 years without change: few
cures have been made with such trusses; is
it cot time for a change? Hunter's Ltver
Rupture Holder has revolutionized the anti-
quated truss and has .made It possible to
make a cure In 90 days. The holder is worn
night and day without torturing; a continu-
ous pressure is maintained during the granu-
lation and growth of the tissue covering the
breach; would a wound, on the bedy
heal if a hard pad was bound on it? Never.
Has it not . the same effect -on a rupture?
HUNTER'S Sanitarium. 1206 Market st.
ABOUT -your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair. Rum-
edy is euperior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It is clean and healthful; is not gummy
or sticky; no grease, no 6tain; -never fails.
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our oltice,
3b5 Geary Et.. The Star Remedy Co. . ;
il0~IN GOLD saved if you buy your SPRING
SUIT of MASTEN the TAILOR. Any SUIT
or OVERCOAT In. the house $20, no more or
no less; all work made under, our personal
supervision; finest of imported goods to' make
selections from. MASTEN, 701 Geary st.'.
corner Leavenworth. . ¦ ... , . -' .
WANTED— Bright, intelligent and honest la-
dles (capable of managing) for. specialty; dis-
eases of the hair and scalp; students get prac-
tice as well sls study; 70 to 80 people daily
for treatment. For terms, etc., apply DR.
E. E. McLEAN. 2d floor. Call building.
AN elegant line of- remnants lor sults-.to order..
- $15.; with these suits we make, an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $L weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
tt, between Seventh and Eighth.
MINIATURE Portrait Co.. .374 Sutter st, S.
F.; photo buttons and jewelry for photog-
raphers our specialty; prices reduced: valua-
ble premiums each month to every cuatomer;
Illustrated catalogue free.
FREE Facial Massage during April, using cele-
brated Los Angeles preparations of
FANNY BRIGGS CARR
Will remove moth patches, wrinkles, cure
the worst pimpled face. 123 Stockton st -
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald bead?- I guarantee a Cure or np
pay._ The Bohemian Specialist. 131 Post_#t.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; ?1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. . 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WEALTHY gentleman, with " beautiful home,
excellent character and liberally disposed,
will marry for love and companionship. MR.
EDGAR, room D. 404 Vine. Cincinnati, O.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 1021 Market Et. near Sl-th.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes eolored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns..
HAIR dyeing and bleaching; all kinds of hair
work done artistically: / hair dressing 25c;
shampooing 50c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 30 mln. Miss A.V.Doyle. 1702 Mkt, op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless: ¦ free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market.
AT Ies« than cost, uncalled-for euits. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor, 721 Market St. ¦
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, f2 23. • EASTERN OUTFITTING
• CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave; send
dime and birthplace. PROF. J. MYERS,
TDrawer 704, Chicago. ' '
ALL diseases of the scalp a guaranteed cure;
hair grown; gray restored. MRS. E. R.
DUNLAP, 34 Kearny st.
EUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
NEUHATJS & CO., merchant tailors. . 110
Kearny tt. ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - '"'*'"'
A— IF your hair is falling pryou are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332O'Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1110 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MRS. DR. NICE informs her patrons that: she
Is now located at 139. Taylor et.
DR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy St., corner Mason.
Mrs. Brings — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. W T est 253.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costurr.er. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for •rheumatism, etc. 233 Qeary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll'O Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 25c. ' All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books,", wigs;
country orders. GOLpSTEIN & CO.,- 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor,' cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists. < ;. '..-
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any. address ; in the
United States or Canada_.one year for $L
postage paid. - "* * -
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. -
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. . Forden & Porterfield, 6 Turk.
DR J. W. SEELEY, 207 Powell at— Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also -for
.epilepsy, pneumonia ; and sexual , diseases. . ¦
DR C C O'DONNELL— Of flee* and residence;
,1021 %• Market sL, ; bet. Sixth and Seventh.
' .; . SPECIAL NOTICES.
BA D tenants ejected for $4 ; ' collections made :
" city or country. . , PACIFIC j COLLECTION
: CO.;. 415 Montgomery. ¦ rooms 9-10; .tel. 55S0.*
SEWING ' : MACHINES "AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought,-" sold, rented/ exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144.205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. .115 Sixth.
STABLES TO; LET.
STALLS to let. Apply at 847 Mission st., coal
yard.., - :'..¦ ' ¦¦ ¦¦>•¦'¦¦ : -;¦'¦ ¦'' ¦" ¦ . ' - ¦¦¦ ¦ _¦¦ ¦¦
STORAGE A^^SJ^SSSS^I!^L^
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
• olflce Post and Powell Bts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
.- glon St.; tel. Howard 941.> F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIKS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st.;
' tel. Main 1S40; shipping: at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
' SUMMER. ; RESORTS. '
TO lease^Kenil worth Inn ; ; romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley;. 50 mjnutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely 'furnished; 40
• rooms ; steam and hot ' water baths ; electric
lights; heaters throughout; elevators, etc;
rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE; 30
"'Montgomery st. •' V* V- • .: .. -• r ,
: THEOSOPHICAL LITEKATURE.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly)". The
| j New . Century {weekly) ; write . for samply
copies 1 and' book list ¦ to The Theosophical
I Publishing Company, International Head-
quarters p* Universal Brotherhood and Theo-
sophical Society. Point Loma. Cal. ' .
TYPEWRITERS" AND " SUPPLIES.'
G REAT^ARGAINFlrT T 'YPE WRITERS^We
— sell better machines for less money than any
houpe In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 63C California: telephone Main 2C6.
WEBSTER Typewriter ' Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 20!) Sansome.
TYPEWjilTIXG A>'C > MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2c ; mlm-
1 t-ographing. 927 Market, rm. 301: Jessie 1554.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. '^
OFFICE ctt the Contra Costa Water Company, .
I rcom 1C, second floor, . Mills building, San
• Francisco. April S, 1902— Dividend No. 109 ot
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
o.t the office of said company, room 16. second
floor, . Mills building, on April 15;' transfer
books will close on April 8 at 3 p. m. ED-
WARD McQARY. Secretary. ¦ .: »
. II ARKI AGE. LICENSES. .
The followins marrlasre licenses were issued-
yetiterUay: . > ;
Samuel L. Braach, 23, 830 ' Webster street,
and Annie Schin_-leV 23, West Oakland.
Frederick P. Franchi, 26. 235 Scott - street.
1 and Mary Calestini. 16. 420 Filbert street. -
Patrick Murray." 33, 43 Boyce street, and
Josephine Mulcahy, "i, 3003 Harrison street.
Emil J. Grebs. 24, Chicago, and Cora M.
Scheithe, 19, Oakland_; - ;
WilliRm F. Llncoln.*31, 511 Turk street, and
Celia Tobin. 23, St. Nicholas Hotel.
Francisco J. da Silva, 33, .San Rafael, and
Rosa A. Pacheco, •¦¦23, San Rafael.
Anacleto Barsotti, 31. 1212 Stockton street,
and. Eda Malerbi. 16. 1212 Stockton street.
Eugene L. Harrington, ¦ 27,- 46 Beaver ¦ street, ¦
and Mary J. Berseret. 22, 115^ Harriet street.
Giuseppe Torre, 20. 17 Water street, and
Rose Caramella, 18. 19" Water street.
• Franklin P. . Bowkcr. 40, 114'<i Turk street,
and Mary L. GruweU.-48, San Jose..
Claude D. Clarke, 25, 108% Ellis street,. and
Ada F. Rogers, 19,. 7 Mason, street.
George O.'Kayne,. 28, ,72% California ave-
nue, and .Louisa H.' Pearaall, 18, 97 Califor-
nia avenue.
Giovanni' Ranconi, '25, 16 Scott place, and
Marie Denerl. 23. 10 Scott place. ¦ .
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and jdeath notices sent by
mail will not be inserted.. They must be. handed
In at either of the publication offices, and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Boitir^ , - V
BLACK— In .this city, April 10, 1802, to' the
wife of E; P. Black, a daughter.
FAIRGfRIEVE— rln this city, April' 10, 1902,
to - the wife of Andrew . D: Falrgrieve, | a
daughter. ' N .' ". '
GOGGIN— In this city, April 1, 1902, to the
wife of , Charles B, GoKgln, a son. -'.'
GRIFFITH— In 'this city, March. 20, 1902, to
the wife, of . F. , Griffith, a daughter.
Q XJI.VX — ln-*h*»- city. March -Ul.- 1002. to th«
wife of Arthur Quinn, twin' eons, r :.^--
RATH— In this» city, April 5; 1902, to the
wife of F.J. Rath, a daughter. • ,
SMITH— In this city. April S,. 1902, to the wife
.of. John W. Smith, a son. » ...
WARNOCK— In tbia city,: April H, 1902, to
, the wife of Philip A. Warnock. a son. . ¦
V MABRIED. .... ,,J;
GILL— CURNOW— In this city, April 12, 1902.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Adam
Gill. of Vallejo and Katie W. Curnow of San
Francisco. r .
GORDON— WIRTH— In this city, April 6, 1902.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Max Gordon and
Elsie Wirth. .
HOLMBERG — GUSTAFSON — In this city.
April 5, 1902, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
Ernst Holmberg and Anna E. Gustafson. • .
NICOLAI— HAUSER— In this city. ADril 5,
1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendellnjc. Heinrich
Nicolal and Katie Mauser.
SMITH — WALTERS — In^this city, ADril 9,
1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Stephen M.
Smith. and Louise B. Walters.
YOUNG— DENNIS— In thla city. April 12, 1902.
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Conrad Young
and Mary Theresa Dennis. ¦ •
¦ — DIED.
Anthony, William T. Loeb. Bertha <
Black. Harry Lynch, Bridget .
'Bonnardel, H. " • . McMahon, Augustus
Buck. William A. McPhedran. Wm. J.
Cames. Pierre Mitchell, Elmer N.
Camp, Maude P. Mullane, Annie K.
Crocker, Pauline . Neilan, Margaret V.
• Dlxon. Catherine A. ¦• O'Connell, John P.
Doyle, Dr. Joseph H. O'Connor, Batt
-_ Duignan, ..Thomas J. Parks, Mary .
' KfiBtrnan. ' Lottie : Perry, Harriet T.
Eccles. Alice . i .. ; PeterHon. Charles A.
Emerson, Charles F. Phelan. Catherine
Erickson. Rev. H. Phelan, Mathew M.-
Fisher, William J. . Plummer. Capt. Geo.
: Ford, Laura A. Schulz, James
Fritz, Carl ' \ Sealey, Richard
Hart, Nellie. Sutton. Scot
Holden, Margaret Swain. Edward R. "
Kroger. Capt. C. F. . Wallin, Charlotte C. •
Kurlbaum. Mrs. T. Walsh. John
Lacy,. Harry Welch, Patrick W. '. •
ANTHONY— In this city, April 11, 1002,' Wil-
liam Ti Anthony, beloved son of Thomas B.
and- Alice M. Anthony, and brother of Louis,
Marlon, 'Alfred and Nathaniel Anthony, a
native of Japan, aged 18 years and 4 months.
(C? Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral a srvlces
.to-day (Sunday), at 1 o clock. . at the par-
lors of Cralsr, Cochran & Co., 52 and 56
Mint avenue.. Interment ' Cypress Lawn
I Cemetery.,- .. ..¦
BLACK— In . this city, April 11, 1902. Harry
Black, a. native of Canada, aged 63 years.
.-.-• •ET'Funeral services; Sunday, April 13, at
the residence of his son, John A. Black. 3625
Twenty-third street, at 3 o'clock. Deceased
leaves a widow and one son. ¦¦¦
BONNARDEL— In Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
. Cal.. Aoril ¦ 11. ( 1002, H. Bonnardel, aged 03
years. :¦.'¦-.¦'' " ' - ¦ ' ,' .
BUCK— In . this city, April 12, 1002. ; William
, Anton, dearly beloved and only son of Wll-
. Ham and Annie. Buck, and grandson of /An-
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
'¦¦'.. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. V
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
• ¦ Telephone South 80. i r •
Mt. Olivet Cemetery, I
NEAREST THE CITY. . .: -
Office, 916 Market Street.
1 - Telephone Bush 367. ...
JOHN FIGONE,
Formerly head man at J. 'Jacquemet & Co.'s,
25 Fourth at.. Is now with
Shibeley the Florist,
311 Sutter. st.; where hewill be pleased] to see
all of his old-Ume customers. ¦ .\ First-class work
and popular prices." Cut this out. ; _.
NEW FIKWI^OFvUNDERTAKERS.
• " Samuel McFadden, - 18 years manager ' for
the United Undertakers'; Association; M. J.
' McBrearty. i with the same company for 18
years ; , P. F. ' Green ,- late ; with J. : C. O* Con-
nor & Co.", have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st.. between Seventh
¦} and ' Eighth. ¦ Telephone . South .44." .j % r.' f
J'UNITED u'nd'eRtSkERsII
i ' 27 ana to Fifth St. Tel. South W 1
I rUNERAL DIRECTORS' AND EMBALMERS. 8
' ¦ Finest r Equipment < at * Moderate • Kjxtesu V
REMOVED!
. McGIMN -BROS.,
.' FUNERAL " DIRECTORS 5 and a EMBALM-
. ERS, : to 224 and 226 McAllister - st. . (For-
merlv of 31 Edd" st. ' Tel.: South 252.) __
RAILWAY TBAVEIi.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallts Ferry .
Commencing September 20, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
•WKEK DAYS — 6:55, 8:30, »0:30. 11:00 a. au.
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. »6:15. «:« p. m.
.'EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S :0O, 0 :00. »10 :00, »11 :30 a. nj.
•i-15' 3:10. *4:46, 6:30, 0:30 p. m. •
Trains market (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-*5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a m. »12:25. 2:15, *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. in. -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at 0:45 and 0:55 p. m. • »,-
SUNDAYSr-6:15. '8:00. n0:00, ni:45 a. in.
•l-4f> »3:15. k:45, »6:30 p. m. , •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-B:^ «:«, 7:65. 8 j55. 10:30
. m . 12:30. 2:45. 3:50. 0:10 p. m. -
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. f
SUNDAYS— 8:03. 10:05 a.m., 12:05. 2:15.
3-30 5:00, e:45 p. m. ¦ % : '~T:
3.JU. »-^> THROUGH TRAINS.
,6:55 a. m. week ¦ days— Cazadero and way
-*. 1:45° p. m. Saturdays— Doncan Mills and way
stations. '•'¦.'¦' ¦'¦ ' ' ; ¦•¦¦:¦¦
'¦ 8:00 a. m.. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦ ¦ ¦ '•-.'
Fairfax, Sundays— 8 lOO, 0:00, 10:00, 11:30
a."m.' '¦¦¦"¦ ¦ ' ' •-• '. ' •' ' i
, Legal Holiday boats - and trains will run on
'Sunday-time. - , . _ '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS, RAILWAY
.' ' . Leave : Via Sausali to Ferry Amve
San Fnm. . Foot of Market St San Fran. .
W?ek Sun- Ii . 4 dJ».-.tn_i-v««- . Scn " We*'
iU5 r. U:30a. *£^7£Z?* 4=25 p. &5* p.
'¦;.. r»rt, cnii rrmrtwo t« Soamlt »nd Betnra. $1.80. .._
Ch/gago
IH LESS T/fVIJf
3 DAYS
From •'
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Double Drawing-room Sleeplng-cara,
Buffet." Smoking and Library Cars,,
with barber. Dining-cars — meals a la
carte. Daily Tourist Car Service at 6
p. m., and personally! conducted excur-
sions every Wednesday and Friday at
8 a.m. from San Francisco. The best
of everything. • -
, "I R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. V Gen. Agsnt Psclfjc Coast
Palace Hotel -San Francisco
BATXWAY TBAYEL. . •
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and ar« due to arrive at
!>AN FlUNCIaCO.
J (Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
UCATX — FKOM M»BCH SO. 1902- — ARH1TB
7.00- Benlcia, Sulsun. tlmlra ana Sacra-
cento 653p
7J)0a V»c»vlllo, "Winters, Rumsey 7-65»
7.30a. Martinez, San Kainou. Vallejo. ¦
N»pa, Callstoga, Santa Kosa 6-2SP
800a Dnvli. Woodland. KnlKhti Landing.
--.-¦ MarytvlUe. OrorlUe ...._. 755f
8-OOa Atlantic Exprest—Ogden and E»6t. 8.25*
8.00a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton'. 7-25*
8.00a Mies. Mendota. Hanford. Vlsfilia,
Portervliie 455> •
8 30a Shasta Express — Davln, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willow*.
Eed Blnff, Portland 7.B5*
8.30a San Jo'te. Llvermore. Stockton,
lone, Bacrsmcnto, Placervllle,
Jlary»Tllle. Chico. Red liluff 4.25»
S.39a OakdiUe, Chinese, Sonoru.Tuolurane 4.25»
9.00a Vallejo- 12.251-
8-02 a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
¦:'• _ ' Tracy, Lathrop.fetockton, Merced,
¦ Fresno and Los Anjrelcs 8.25a
0.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7-fcoP
fiO-OOA Hayward, Niii-s and Way Stations. t12-5o?
• 10.00a The Overturn! Llmltca — Ogden.
1 Denver. Omahn. Cbleago ..... 6-25*
ti-CCP Sacramento Hiver Steamers t1VC0?
i S.QQr Bt-nlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
>_¦-¦.-¦ Woodland, Knights LanUlnf. .
Marj-gTliie. OroTille : 10.55a
- 530p Hay ward. Slice and Way Stations.. 7-5&P
4-CQp Mnrtlnez.Saii UHmun.Vnllcjo.Napa,
• . Calittoga, Sactn Uosa... .......... 9.25a
'4-COf Ulles, LlTennorc, StocUton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4-SOp H«yw.ird,Xllp»,SB:i.Iosp.h(rcnnoro I8.&5A
4.30F The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tclare.
,• : . . . Bakersnetd. Soucus for Santa
. " Barbara, Los Angeles...: • 8.55a
6.00P Port Co»ta,'t'r:icy.L«throp.Stocktoa .1O.-5a
5 00? Martinez. Anthich, Stocttuu, iicr-
ced, Fresno 12.25r»
t5.30p Nile* Local. .;....: 72Sa
6X0p Hayward, N'ilcs and San Jose....... 7.56*
tS.OOP Valtej* 1L2bA
B.00p Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Loni-j, Chicago....... 4. 25?
7.00p San Pablo. Pun Costa, Martinet
¦ and AVay Stations.. 11.2Sla
J7.00p Vallfjo J.t5r
8-OSf Orecoo & California Express — Sac-
- ¦ rnmenti), .Mnrysvljlo, lleit&iui^.
Portland, Pii^et Sound and Kant. 8.55 a,
t9.1Qp Hayward imii Mies »1-E8a
COAST LINE (> arrow uanse).
¦ ' •* (Foot of MHrlfet Street.) ___
6-15a Kewark. Cntcrvlllc. dan Joss,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6.SCV
12-15*' Newark. Centcrvtile. San Jose.
JCew Almiidcn. Felton. Bouldrr
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations '. 10.50a
415? Xewkrk, San Jose. Los Gatoi tfi.ECU
«930p Banters' Tnln— Sen Jose and Way
Stations 17.20*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 300 6.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:0O 13:09
t8:03 10:0O a ji. 12 00 200 400 T.M.
COAST LINE (Broad «aa*e).
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Joseand W»y Stations. B.40a
7 00a San Jose and Way Stations tSOOA
7.00a New Almaden /4-10r
8 J30a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
. - - Cillroy. Salinas, San Lnls Obtspo,
Santa Barbara. Loa Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-459
800a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Lnt* i >
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations .'. 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations......... 8.36a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.43a
t245p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, ban Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa, Cruz. Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
-Grove t10.45A
3.30p San Jose and Way Stations) 1.30V
t4.15r San Jose and PrlncipalWay Stations 6.30*
4-60P Sunset Llmltrxl— Monday. April Ttb.
Hth, 21st, for Los Angeles. El
Paso.Ue w Orleans and I* e w Yorfe.
Last tnln leaves New Orleans
April 14th J0.15A
tS.OO? Ssn Jose. Los Gstos and Principal
Way Stations t900*
5.30p San Jo^ijnd PrlncipalWay Stations 6.30r
6.30r San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7 -OOP New Orleans Express — San Lais
Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles. Demtntr. El Paso, New
Orleans and East. 11.30a
«T1-4Sp San Joseand Way Stations.... 7. 30>
A for Morning.. P tor Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only.
q Saturday only. - /Tuesdays and Friday*. _
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. COl
.,;*•;.> :lessess : 'iX
SAM FRANCISCO AND NQRT3 PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of MarKot Si.
San Francisco to San Rafaol. .
WEEK DAtS— 7:30. »:00. 1X:CO a. m.; 12:35.
»:30. 5:10. «:8O p. m. Thursdays— Extr*
trip at 11 :30 p. ' m. Saturdays — Extra txlpa
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDATS— 8:00. 9:30. lt:0O a. m.; l;30. 3:381.
t:00. 0:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
W'EKK DAYS— e.10, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m-S
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— liTxtr*
trips at 1:25 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. xa.; 1:40. S:40t.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. -
Lcav.> I la Effect I Arrt-r*
San Francisco. [Apr. SS. 1901( Ban Francisco.
. Week I Sun- I "J Son- j WeeK
Days. I days, j Destination [ days. | Days.
7:30am 6:0Uam Novato. 10: -40am j 8:40an»
8:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pmJ10:23aa»
1 :10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:3Spm| 8:20pa>
I Fulton. .
7:30am Windsor. ia:25anl
6:00pm Healdsburr, 10:40am
Lytton.
' Gey servUlo,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. ?:3Spm S:20pca)
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
3 :30pm 8:00am and Uhlan. 7:35pm 6:20pMj
7:30am 10:40am I0:25ant
8:00nm GuernevlUe. 7:33pm
8:30pm 6:00pm « :30pm
7:30am 8:00&ai| Sonoma 9:15am 8:*0aa»
I and
6:10pm B :00pm 1 Glen BUen. 6:0Spm 9:9tyma
7 :30am I 8:00am| . - J10:40am[10:2Sanai
8 :30pm 1 . 6 :00pm| Pebajtopol. | 7:3Spm| 8:20pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlnxs and White flulphur Springs; at Fultoa
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
deyservina for Skastra Springs; at CUnrerdal*
for tb« Geysers; at Hopland . for Duncaa
Springs. Hicnland Sp»-ln*s. Kelseyrlll», CarU-i
bad Sprin*3,Boda Bay. L_.keport and jBartlata
Esrinss; at XDclah for Vichy Sprtass Saratoga
Bprinxs. Bine Lakes, laurel D«ll Lake. WHte-
Snrlnxs Upper Lake, l'omo. Potter Valley.
john^Day"s. Rhrerslde. Uerleya Bucknell'v
Banhedrin H*iebt», Hullville. Orr*sHot8prln«%
Meodoclno City. Fort Brae*. We'tPort/jjiJ
Wlllits Laytonville, Cummins. Bell's Sprtnjs*
Harris' Olsen's, Dyer. ScoUa and Eureka.
Baturday to Monday rousd-trln ticketa at r—
d11 On d Sundays round-trip Uckets to all patmta
beyond - Ban Ba?a*l at half jrates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. CJwmld*
'"h^'WHTTINO. B. X. UTAH, - .
Gen Manager. Qvo. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
TVB illS-Dal!y.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. ' • Local Lim'd Uvrl'd Local
Dally Dally Daily Daily
Lv. Ban Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
At. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
. V.. Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:80 P
>* Hanford.. 3:12 p 8:27 p 8:05 3 .......
•• Vlsalia ... 3:3Op 5:00 a
"Bakersfld. 0:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a .......
•• Kan. City ; 2:40 a 7:30 a .......
••Chicago.. 2:15p 9:00p
a lor morning, p lor aitemoon. •
': 9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying- Palace Sleeping Can and
Dining; Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs. to Bakersfieid for accommodation of
local flrat-claas passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. i daily. .
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
tbrouBh Palac* and Tourist Sleepers and
.Free Reclining , Chair Cars to Chicago: aUo
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno,
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. m.
dally.
7 :20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local. ' atoppln:
at ail points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrlvea at 8:40 a. in. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in* Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ,
k™-r Follow
1 _J Vy— n^*"i^i "r%t
\ ¦*¦ I etc?
And Trarsl via the
WabasliLine
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New. York point*.
.ROSS C. CLINE. P. ; C. P. ¦ Ast.» . Urn An-
geles, cai. . «¦ ; .i
Cj S. CRANE.- G. P. Aft. St. LouiB. M*«- ; .
_____B_____ h _^_________ p _^__ M __________________________________^____^___^________________^________l
O'CONNELL^In this city, April 6. 1902. John
, Paul, youngest and dearly beloved son of
Robert E. and" Pauline Cbmte O'Connell. a
native of San Francisco, aged 10 months.
O'CONNOR-rln Port Cos,ta, April; 12. 1902.:
Batt O'Connor.- beloved husband- of Mary
• 'O'Connor, father ; of Maurice J.. Mary
B., Charles S.. Nora M. and Annie J. O'Con-
ficr. and brother of Charles O'Connor, a na-
tive of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 43 years.-
ItJT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. i fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
April 14, at- 7:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Post Costa, thence to St. Vincent's
Church, ¦ Vallejo, : where ¦ a requiem mass will
- be ¦ •- celebrated. . Interment St. Vincent's
' Cemetery, Vallejo. . ;
PARKS— In this city, April 10. 1902. Mary
Parks, .beloved mother of Mrs. William Pike.
Mrs. Peter Belcher, Mrs. Albert Peavey an*
Robert B. Parks, a native , of Scotland, aged
82 years. (Stockton : and Calaveras papers
please copy.) •* - . •^<. r Vf»s
fCTFuneral at Milton, Cal., Monday after-
" noon. -Remains at the mortuary chaoel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
. ' Mission street, near Twenty-first, until Mon-
day. ¦•' -.' ¦..-. ¦ . '
PERRY— In Denver.^ Colo.. Anril. 6. 1902. Har-
' ' riet T. ; Perry, , formerly of San Francisco. ,
PETERSON— In .this city. April . 11, J 1902.
•Charles Alexander Cassen, beloved child of
Captain Charles G.'F. and Amanda M. Peter-
- son, and brother of Louise, Marie and All Ice
. H. Peterson, a native of California, . aged: 3
months and 17 days. •¦ • «¦--
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, Aprils 13, at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of h!s parents, 1576 Treat avenue.
PHELAN— In this city. April 11. 1902. Cath-
. erine Phelikn. a native of County Cork, Ire-
. land, aged 81 years. • ' :
PHELAN— In this city. April 12. 1902. Mathew
Mark, beloved twin son of Peter and Nora
Pfcclp.n, a native of San Francisco, axed 10
, . months and - IB days. • ¦ - ' . * ¦ - ,
PLUMMER — In Alameda. April 11, 1002. Cap-
tain George Plummer, father of Mrs. J. A.
Magagnos and Albertlne, William P.- and
¦ George E. Plummer, a native of AIna, Me.,
. aged 86 years. (Maine papers please copy.) .
[CyFuneral from the family residence, 1244
¦Sherman strset, Alameda (Morton-street ' sta-
tion). Sunday, April, 13, at 12:45 o'clock. In-
terment private. . " ."
SCHULZ— In this city, April 12. 1802. Julius.
dearly beloved husband of Anna Schulz. and
beloved', father of Edward and Carl Schulz.
,a native of Germany,, aged 70 years S months
- and 26 days. A*membef of Germania Lodge
No. 1718, K. of H., and Washington Lodge
No. 60, A. O. U. W. . •
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 15. at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 7::t! Union fetreetj corner of Mason.
SEALEY— In this city, April 11. 1902. Richard.
. beloved ' husband of Cathrine Sealey, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. • E. H. Cleve-
land and Ella F», Fred R. J., George F. and
Robert J. Sealey, a native of Bandpn, County
. Cork, Ireland, aged 46 years 1 month and 22
days.
SUTTON— In Shasta, April 11. 1902.- Scot Sut-
ton, beloved son of Mrs. - M. C. Sutton. anl
1 brother of Charles Sutton. aged 51 years.
SWAIN— In this city, April 10, 1002. Edward
Robinson Swain, brother of Frank A. and
Charles W. Swain, a native • of New York,
a;ed 50 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California LoCks No.
l.F. and A. M. .- .
WALLIN— In this city. April 12. 1902. Char-
lotte C. "Wallin. dearly beloved wife of John
L. Wallin, and beloved mother of Mrs. Hilda
Bcnsen, Mrs. Dacmar McLean and John,
Ernpst and Myrtle Wallin and the late John
P. yfeklund.
. ty Friends and, acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
• dence, 1583 Market street. Interment Cy-
presa Lawn Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city. April 12. 1002. John,
beloved son of the late James and Ellen
. Walsh, and brother of FJchard and the late
Mary Walsh, .a native of London, England,
rn7"Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street. No-
tice of funeral hereafter.
WELfcH— In this city. April 12, 1902. Patrick
William Welch (Billy Murphy), beloved hus-
band of Lydia Welch (Lydia Raymond), a
native of Dublin. \ Ireland, aged 32 years.
¦ ton- and Lena;'Wanderer,'. a'native of San
, • Francisco, aged 3 months .and 29 days. .
CAMES— In this city, ADril 11," 1902. Pierre.
dearly , beloved husband of Mrs.' Sara Cames,
¦ ' dearly < beloved father of Louis, '« Frank ¦ and
Leontine Cames and^lrsJ Mary Taravellier.
S and father-in-law of Mrs. Louis and Mrs.
• Frank Cames and Mr. . Justin Taravellier, a
, native of France, aged 59 * years and 5
.'~ months. : • . " . ¦-" '. ¦ '¦¦'.
fE?'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited - to attend the funeral -Sunday,
" '. April 13, 1902, at 12 :30 o" clock, from his
late residence, 4247 Nineteenth street near
' Diamond,', tbence to 'Odd . Fellows' : Hail,
Seventh and t Market ; streets, where ? services
will be held under ¦ the ausplees of Franco-
. " American . Lodge : No. 207, commencing > at , 1
o'clock. Interment Mount - Olivet Cemetery.
CAMP— In Oakland. '-¦ April 11, 1902. : Mau3e
Pearl, 'beloved . dauzhter of -Charles: e. ¦ and
Sarah E.'j Camp, and ' sister of Mrs. Clem
Baker"; and Char'.es C, Minnie Warren,
Claude E.,and Leon F. Camp, a native of
Laketon, Ind., aged 16 years 10 months and
6 1 days. . - ' •'_•¦' - - . . .•-
E_rFrlends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited" to " attend the runeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at 1551 Vi
Broadway, '¦ Oakland. - . Mountain
¦View.' Cemetery. ./'<.'' • ; . ". ' -•
CROCKER— In this city. April 12. 1902, Pau-
: lin». Crocker, dearly. beloved mother of Aaron
and Heiman. Crocker, a ¦ native of Rogaza,
.-.- Germany. . aged ; 63 years 5 months and. 16
'days. ¦ ': v :.'. ' -,'• ¦.-•; " ' . ' ' ; " •
DIXON— In Mill Valley. April 11. 1902. Cath-
, erine t A.. • beloved .. wife of . ' James Dixon.
daughter of Terrence and Ann Hushes,' and
Bister of* May, Michael and Annie • Hughes, '
¦': a native ; of. New. York, : aged 21 years 4
months and 5 days..' ''
-.(£_?¦ Friends are invited to attend the fu-
'/, neral to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock,
from' 1267 Pacifl-3 street, thence to .St j
Brigid's Church, where a' requiem high mass
will be ' celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriages.'-. ": ¦ " ' -• .
DOYLE— In this, city, April 11, 1002, Dr. Jo-
seph H. " Doyle,' beloved eon of Peter and
.Mary- Doyle, and brother of Stanley, Irene,
' Omar and Helen Doyle, a native of Redwood
, City, , Cal., aged. 24 years 8 months and* 18
. days. , " ' • .,
. B_TThe', funeral will "take place to-day
(Sunday), .'at 0:15 o'clock, from his late resl-
• dence, . 2S04 , Folsom street, thence to.St.
Peter's Church 'for services at 10 o'clock.
Interment Menlo Park, by 10:40 o'clock train
from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
OFFICERS and members of Phil Sheridan
Council No. 72. Y. M. I., are reaue^ted to
meet - at . Mangels Hall. Twenty-fourth anA
Folsom streets, to-day (Sunday), at. \ 9:15
o'clock,; to attend the funeral of our late
brother,' Dr. Joseph H. Doyle.
P. J. DONOVAN. President. '
D. E. GOGGIN,- Secretary.
LEAGUE* OF THE CROSS CADETS— All of fl-
, cers will assemble. in full uniform without
'side arms at the residence of our late com-
rade. Lieutenant Joseph H. Doyle, 2804 Fol-
som street, to-day (Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock,
to attend ".his funeral. By order of ' :¦. ¦
¦ COLONEL DANIEL _£. DEASY.
; FRANK I. GONZ ALES. CaDtatn and Ad-
jutant . ; , ' ;
DUIGNAN — In this city, Arril 10. 1902.
Thomas J.. husband i of the late Dora J.
Duignan, beloved father of Dorothy, Francis
Joseph and Winifred Duignan, and brother
of < Michael and John Dulenan, a native of
County Lei trim, Ireland, aged 45 years.
-. E7"Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
fully .invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 214 Wayland ¦ street, oft San Bruno
avenue, thence to All Hallows' Church for
eerviees. commencine at 1 .o'clock. A sol-
emn iequlem mass will be celebrated for the'
repose of his soul Monday. April' 14, at All
Hallows' Church, at 9 o'clock. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
EASTMAN— In Santa Barbara, Aprli 12, 1902.
• Lottie Eastman, beloved sister of Mrs. Wood- ,
worth, Mrs. Nickerson, Clara -and Hetty
Eastman and the late Mrs. Margaret Brit-
tain, Mrs. Kate Brown and Ruby Eastman,
a native of Santa ' Cruz, aged 22 years and
8 months. - . , . ¦
ECCLES— In this city, April 12. " 1902, Alice,
¦beloved wife of John- Eccles, mother cf
Thomas Eccles, and sister of Mrs. J. Wllli-
ber, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
(£7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, .538 Howard street,- between First and
Second, thence . to ¦ St. Patrick's Church,
where a recuiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .. - ¦ . -• .
EMERSON— In this city, April 11, 1002,
Charles F., beloved son of Charles and Ber-
tha Emerson, and grandson of Julius .Erlen-
• helm. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and 4 months. . : . >.- ; .
fE?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at. 8 o'clock, from his late residence, 313
Bryant ¦ street' Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. • : - \
ERICKSON— In this city, April 11. 1002, Rev.
Henry Erickson, a native of Sweden.
fCXFriends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Howard-
et'eet Methodist Episcopal Church, near
Third street. Interment; Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
' and Townsend streets. . ¦ - . . ¦¦ ••¦
FISHER— In .the "City and County Hospital,
April 12, 1902, "William J. Fisher.;- a- native
of Vermont, aged 34 years.
FORD— In Oakland, April 12. 1902. Laura
. Annetta, , beloved daughter . of Frank and
Clara Ford, and sister of ¦ Lester R. and
Frances C. Ford, a native of Oakland, aged
¦ 1 year 7 months and 3 days.
FRITZ — In this city, April 11, 1902. Carl Fritz,
a native of Friedberg, in Hessen, aged. 50
• years 7 months and 11 days. -
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend I the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
'parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
- Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
'HART— In Fort Bragg, April 10, 1902, Nellie
Hart, beloved daughter of Rodger and Delia
' Hart, and Blister of Mis. Mamie Cottle, Mrs.
Delia Hertz and Maggie and Josie Hart, a
native of Rhode Island, aged 33 years and 24
• days. ¦•" : - • ¦ ' ' .
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. .214 Ei" y
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOLDEN— In this city, April 12, 1002, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Martin
Holdcn, and beloved mother . of Maggie E.
Holden and Mrs. E. M. Egan and ths late
Charles S. and John M. Holden, a native of
Ireland, ared 75 years. *'•'¦
E7"Notlce of -funeral hereafter.
KROGER — In this city, at the Ocean Beach.
I April -11,' 1902, Captain C.F.. Kroger, be-
I loved husband of Bertha Kroger,- and father
I of Mrs. 'AJS. 1 Archer and Fred C. and George.
S. Kroger, a' native of Elmshorn,- Holstetn,
Germany, aged 62 years 6 months and 12
days. A member of Washlnston.' Lodge 'No.
60, A.O. U. W., and Master Mariners'
Benevolent Association.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr &' Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
' tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. •
KURLBAUM— In this city. April 12, 1002,' Mrs.
Thertss Kurlbaum, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. 'Mathllde Koch and Carrie, There3e,
Honry and . William Kurlbaum. a native of
Saxony, Germany, aged 68 years 7 months
and 6 day*. , • •
LACY — In Ban Leandro, April 10. 1902, Harry.'
husband of Charlotte Lacy, and father of
Philip Lacy, a native of Eneland. aged 60
years. ' ¦ ¦ • - - - -.-. ¦• ¦ . \ ; - ¦
- IC7" Funeral from the family, residence, Es-
tudlllo avenue, San Leandro, Sunday,', at 2
o'clock. Interment 'private. • Please omit
flowers. •¦v/Ss ' - .
LOEBf-In this city, April 12. 1902. Bertha,
beloved dauzhter of Sismund and Babetta
; Loeb, and ¦ biuter of Henrietta. Sophie, Otto.
Julius, Louis and Solly Loeb, a native of
Deidesheim, . Bavaria, aged 18 .years- 10
months and 2 days. ' , ' ¦ j ¦ , ;'-.'
LYNCH — In Oakland, April 12, 1902. Bridget
Lynch, . widow of the iate Peter* J. Lynch,
• and mother of ¦ Frank r Lynch . and - Bessio
Lynch, a . native of - County Clare, Ireland,
¦ ajed 64 years. . '¦..'-'¦¦
t D-TFriends and acquaintances are reepect-
; fully, invited "to attend the funeral Monday,
April . 14^ 1002, at 0 :30 . o'clock, from the
, late ¦ residences 721 Filbert street, thence to
the ¦ Church of tha Immaculate t Conception,
' , where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
' brated for the repose o£ her soul. • Interment
St. .Mary's .Cemetery. • \
McMAHON— In this city, April 10, 1902, Au-
| j gustus J., beloved husband of Helena M. Mc-
Mahon, i father of Augustus ¦ M. McMahon,
and, brother of Charles McMahon and Sister
'-Mary St. . Theresa., a .native of . Brooklyn,-
- N. Y.. aged 54 years. ' - . ... ..-.
- lCFriend3 and acquaintances fere respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Monday), at' 8:80 o'clock, from the parlor*
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth • street, . thence to.St Joseph's
. Church. ¦ where i a solemn requiem hlsh mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
- commenclnir -at: 0 ! o'clock. - Interment A'a:
• tional Cemetery. Presidio. 'A member of St.
'•Mary's Branch No.' 437, Catholic . Knights if
.'America. ' Members ore invited to attend. .
McPHEDRAN— In Oakland, - April 11. / 1902,
• William J. : McPhedran, brother of James Mc-
v'Phedran and Mrs.-E. E.'. Crandell. a'native
of Canada, ated' 36 years 3 • months and ¦ 15
": days. . '¦-¦- .:¦••¦ ' i: . ¦'¦.¦"'..'.•¦-.. ¦
MITCHELL— In this city, April 11, l»02. El-
mer Neils Mitchell, beloved son of Harry -J."
and Jennie Mitchell, and brother of Archie
• and Vera Mitchell; a native , of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 years 1 month and "4 days. • .
.. (T_r Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toattend the funeral 'Sunday,
'. at 10 ' o'clock, d from i his., late residence. ; 81
-.-. Harriet ' .street.' .Tnterment.. Cynress .Lawn
• Cemeterr. '-• ' •. . - ¦¦ J .--
MULLANE— In this city, April 12. 1902, Annie
."E.V beloved- daughter of- Christopher and the
late ' Sarah ; Mullane, ; sister i of ¦ Florence i and
Christopher Mullane,;. and granddaughter ¦ of
• Thomas ¦ and ¦ the , late Ann Kendragen. a na-
. tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months'
y'and-4 5days.,, •¦ ¦_ -¦-. ..:.¦,:- .
" ¦;"•¦ CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
"> fully -¦¦ Invited ! to attend ' the ' funeral : to-day
-.; (Sunday), :at '2 o'clock. ¦ from -the : parents'
• residence, 48B, Rausch street. . Interment
/Holy. Cross; Cemetery..- . : .,;:•?.-
NEILAN— In 'this ", city. . April - 11. 1902. : Mar-
¦ garet Viola. 'beloved daughter of Michael. and
' Ellen ', Neilan. and sister : of Manuel. Robert.
Ellen and ; James ' Neilan. . a native -. of : San
Francisco. -aged 5 months and 10 days. :" ¦¦-.¦.-
: .: J (r_r Funeral . private ' to-day/ (Sunday), - : at ' 1
- o'clock.' from , the ' residence ,' of ,' her •¦_ parents,
-•24 Oak 'Grove avenue.";: Interment Holy Cross
; Cemetery. .-,::. ;
{ SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY^-Few -choice lots; fine view;
water and sewer. J. H. GILHUL1'. Kent,
or C. H. STANYAN. .'11 Market st j
ROSS VALLEY— 10-room furnished house.- near
station, for rent frohV June 1; rent '$00 • per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
ROOMS" FOR^HOUSEKEEPIKt;.^^
CASTRO, 4S6 — 2 sunny unfurnished: rooms;
housekeeping.* • ¦¦'¦¦-: ... .
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
2. $15; 3. $20; single, $4. $5 to $7. .-.:•¦ ¦;/•.-.
HOWARD. 935% — Two sunny rooms for house-
keepg., complete-; hot, cold water; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1076—3 rooms in th3 rear. $6. ......
HOWARD, 2381r— Two large sunny rooms, yard,
perch, $12. • ¦ ' ¦ -¦ ¦. {¦-¦.:•> '
JUNIPER. 2. off Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th—
2 sunny. ¦ housekeeping unfurnished rooms;
'bath; rent $7. i : '•' . - •-¦-..'.¦¦ '-. .
LARKIN, 716—2 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing-rooms; also single room. " .':. < S«^.
• MCALLISTER, 636— Nicely furnished sunny
suite; sink; gas range; bath; laundry: $10.
McALLJSTER, 835— Three furnished and. un-
furrilshed roomg, $12. ' • ' '
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished " housekeeping
rooms; $175 week. • : . '¦¦.-. '' ¦¦ '
MISSION, 811%— Sunny suite furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.^ .-¦¦•' ' .-' :
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary — Sunny parlor;
folding bed; kitchen; gas stove; single, SS up..
O'FARRELL, 431 — Suite.' sunny rooms; fur-
nished . for housekeeping^^/^^
PINE. 1300, cor. Hyde — Large furnished corner
room with grate; light housekeeping; rent $10.
R" AUSCH. 85 — Housekeeping rooms to let*--
SEVENTH, 191 — Large sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping. ¦ ¦ -:' r
STOCKTON, 3206 — Nicely furnished single and
double housekeeping \ rooms; free gas and
etove; model houce; $4. $0, $8 and $10. . '
TEHAMA, 22 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
cheap. \ /* ; . -'
TEHAMA.. 478. near Sixth — 5 sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms; parlor.' 2 bedrooms, din-
ing-room and kitchen; $18; no children. ¦'
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores^Two
¦ sunny bay-window rooms;' nice, neat, com^
plete. •'¦¦¦'- ; : •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1090
Valencia st. ¦ ' •
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and tntrtrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, !
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week 'or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest i
grill room in California attached. ... !
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms,
. 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
'light housekeeping rooms; open- all night. •;
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles;, day,
week or month: bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No, 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable s . ]
\ DIAMOND. 819. cor. Jersey — 3 sunny bay-win-
dow furnished rooms; rent $12.
ELEGANTLY furnished front room, . for. one or
two. 1523 Clay st. !
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$150 night; $1 BO, $6 week; open all night
ELLIS, 6&». corner Larkin — Bay-window ¦ al-
cove with mantel; 2 or 3 men preferred.
ELLIS, 1892 — Western Addition; elegantly fur-
nlahed sunny bay-window room; very cheap.
FILLMORE, 1720, near Sutter — Large . sunny
bay-window room, ¦ newly furnished; running
water; bath; also back parlor; private family.
FOLSOM, 620 — First floor; large fur. and un-
fur.; large grounds for fam. with children.
FULTON, 881— Elegant front suite rooms with
bath; modern Improvements.- ¦¦•<«,. ¦¦ ¦ : :
FURNISHED room with bath, suitable for man
and wife or two gentlemen. Apply at 605 3d.
GEARY, 428 (The Gage) — An elegant suit of
. sunny rooms; also tingle; the above house j
has changed . hands and been renovated.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnleh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated:
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class . family hotel. Address L. H. C, 26
• . Montgomery St.," room 14. • - ;
GROVE, 20— Sunny furnished . room;— rent
reasonable; centlemeri only. ¦ --- - '
HARRISON. 784^. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;-
' homelike; $1 week up. ¦ " ' ' •" "''\ .
JESSIE. 3C3, near Fifth— Front room, "fur-
nUhed; $6. --
LARKIN, 414% — Middle flat: furnished room. ¦
MASON, 511 — Furnished rooms; -• good sunny
. rooms.
MINNA, C67, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient. - ;
MOSS, 23, off Howard — A sunny furnished front
rocm, suitable for two. . ¦ .'.. '- : '
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
nished rooms ; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. .
NINTH. 113 — Large sunny front room suitable
for 2- -gentlemen; front single room,
reasonable. !
OAK, 125— Nicely furnished room; gas,". bath;'
' ST. , • ¦ • ¦ • -
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, dec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, ) 120 Ellis — Incandescent light, !
reading-room, Bmoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8 month, $S to $30, elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN ADartment House, 28 Eighth' St.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 57 — Large sunny room for one or
two gentlemen. . . ,
SUTTER, 717 — Nicely furnished rodm . with
bath; $8 per month.- .
TAYLOR. 810 — Sunny front room, $S; ¦ another,
¦ 510; quiet, select location. • ; ? *;
TO economize will let one sunny furnished
front room to- -an employe of good habits;
nominal price: breakfast if desired. ' Write
Fine Chance, box 1590, Call office. -
TURK, 543, near . Polk. — Large front jroom;
grate, gas and bath; $3 50 per week. I
VAN NESS. 1000 — Sunny corner room on lower
floor, $12; parlor suite. . ¦
Vendome, 1104 Market — Chansred hands; newly
.renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1 1090
Valencia, st. ... .¦¦.,-.'.. ,
ROOMS AND. BOARD, i •:
GUESTS wanted at "House-on-the-Hill. Upper
Frultvale. Dimond, Cal."; 1% hours from San
Francisco; healthful; high living; grand pan-
oramic view; 40-acre flower farm; superb
climate; ideal place for rest, asthmatic, and
bronchial' troubles; phone Ash 557. ¦
WANTED — Family of adults for large parlor
floor, consisting of 2 large parlo'r rooms and
one. small room adjoining; modern in every
detail;. with board. Box 1591, Call. office. ' :
MEREDITH, 218 Turk-,Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board: reasonable; phone South 829.
RESPECTABLE gentleman can have room and
.2 meals a~ day for $10 per month; no other
"roomers or boarders. 1232'Pierce st. "
A FEW boarders in a beautiful private home
at Berkeley for summer or longer; references.
v Address box 1594, Call office. , - . ,
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel ; exceptional table; popular rates.
ELEGANTLY furnished ' sunny ' room ; every
convenelnce; very reasonable; ref. 316 Eddy.
HANDSOMELY furnished front room ; board ;
use parlor, piano and phone. 850 Van Nets.
NEWLY furnished rooms with . board in pri-
vate family; low, rate. 827 Mission st. ..;_ -
Lambourne,- 420 Eddy — High-class hotel; furn.
suites and single;, steam heat; board optional.
LIBERTY. 30, , 'hear ' Valencia— Nice sunny
' rooms, with. board; Mission warm belt. ,¦>.'-, -,.
VAN NESS," 915— Excellent - board and room
. for, couple. $45; single,, $20. .
VAN NESS. 607 — To a , refined ; couple; large
tunny parlor. .- with board, in private home.'
VAN " NESS. • 819 — Handsome - furnished ¦ sunny.
. suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— -The. Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1' per year.
ROOMS AND • BOAJEtD-rSan Matco. ',
PRIVATE family • will ;: accommodate ' couple
•from-May 1; 4 minutes from depot;' excel-
lent table; reasonable. "Box ''4907, Call. office."
ROOMS WASTEa • '
TWO furnished .connecting i, rooms ; (large),'
north of Market, very near; good board; state
price ' and', details or no attention. Address
box 1684, Call office. ¦ /7 • .. ' . . , ¦ :• .Cowell Company, to whitfi the contract
was awardeS. Judge Sloss held that the
board had a rigrht to award the bid to
nish the best quality of cement.
suit brought against that body by E. H.
Aigeltinger. Aigeltinger brought suit to
compel the board - to award him a con
tract for cement on the ground that his
bid was lower than that of the Henry
Sues Contractors for Money.
juaus ADrams is suing Gray Bros con
tractors, for $2800 damages for personal
Injuries received on January 16. while he
was employed by the defendants. He al
leges that through the carelessness of the
defendants he was placed at work abou?
Hobson "Would Administer Estate
\Y. B. Hobson, brother-in-law of the late
John J. Shaughnessy, petitioned the Su
perior Court yesterday for letters of ad
ministration upon the Shaughnessy es
5fn t^n Wh u h », he clalms Is worth more than
Clly s S tree£ Ce P ° licle£ and real esta "f Sn
At the meeting Thursday ninht of the
Bohemians of America in the Red Men's
building there were a. number of Initia
tions and afterward a beer and tamale
supper, which was enjoyed by the^nem
bers present. A number of musical and
vocal selections rendered the evening a
very pleasant one. Recording Host Har
rington of Oakland Hospitium No 2 visit
cd and extended a cordial invitation on
behalf of the Oakland HospIUum to the
members of the San Francisco lodge to
be present at the grand reception^ and
u i£ U i be slven to c °™»er Mehrmann
of Oakland, grand chief host to celebreSe
his return to health and office. A very
Important meeting: and a large Initiation
Thur^^Iht's^ee^ *<
Bohemians of America.
Those who entered into the talks were
agreed that there should be a compulsory
«jucation law; that the Government
should demand of each State a percentage
of education from each child; that teach
ers should have better text books on some
subjects; that the educators of California
be satisfied with getting two or three bills
passed by the Legislature rather than en
ueavor to pass too many and fall with aiL
A discussion was held on "Needed
School Legislation." which was opened
by Superintendent J. N. McClyirlonds.
Kobert Furlong was also to take part in
starting this discussion, but was ill and
unable to be present. Another discus
sion was, "How may such legislation be
secured, and what should be the attitude
of this club to the matter?"' It was
opened by John Swett and Professor r>. S.
Snedden.
Teachers of California Gather, Dine
and Discuss Matters Vital to
Education.
The regular meeting of the California
Schoolmasters' Club was held last night
at the Merchants' Club. Mutual Life
building, 222 Sansome street. Superin
tendent J. W. Linscott presided. There
•were about seventy-five present, twenry
five being outsiders. Mayor Schmitz de
livered an address In regard to education
and its benefits.
SCHOOLMASTEBS' CLTJB
HOLDS EEGXJXAB MEET
' Garrett claims to know no motive for
the assault and says he cannot explain
the remark of the assailant when the
first blow was delivered.
Garrett for a reason not explained re
quested that the man who saved him
lrcm further fnjury should be detained
t:ntil he could swear to a comp.aint
agrainst him. and Seymour agreed to do
this.
Hansted helped the battered man into a
neighboring barber shop and summoned
a. -physician. Dr. O'Brien gave temporary
relief to the sufferer, and later he was
removed to his hotel and put to bed- He
had received a cut on the mouth which
Fpat both lips and severe contusions and
bruises on the face and head. His In
juries are not at all serious, and he will
be able to resume business in a day or
two.
He continued to rain blows on Garrett's
face until the latter sank to the sidewalk,
and then attempted to kick the prostrate
man. Fred Hansted. who was standing at
a cigar stand near by, interfered and
threatened to take part in the affray
himself if further violence was attempted.
Another man. evidently a friend of the
assailant, stood by, and when Hansted in
terposed the assailant and his friend ran
throug-h the Turkish bath establishment.
From there it is not known what course
they took.
Garrett was on his way from the Hotel
Savoy, where he resides, to his office, and
had reached a point on Post street In
front of the Turkish baths when a well
dressed man stepped up to him and dealt
him a heavy blow in the face, saying at
the same time:
"I'll teach you to Insult my sister, you
<!irty dog."
•Thomas Garrett of the Evening Post of
this . city was assaulted about 9 o'clock
yesterday morning on Post street, near
Grant avenue, by an unknown man. Up to
a late hour last night the identity of the
man who made the assault had not been
established.
Unknown Man Makes the At
tack in Broad Daylight
on the Street
Thomas Garrett of the
Post Is Severely
Beaten.
SAVAGE ATTACK
ON A EDITOR
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 13, lyuz.
The cases of William Little and Robert
McCloskey. charged with battery upon
J. H. Perry, driver of a milk wagon for
the Maine dairy, were dismissed by- Judge
Fritz yesterday, 'as Perry could not posi
tively identify the defendants, although
he said he was morally certain that Little
was one of the men who attacked him.
Perry was attacked by a gang of men at
Sixth and Natoma streets early Monday
morning. They emptied his milk cans
and struck him on the head and arms
with the empty cans.
Could Not Identify Them.
machinery which was unsafe, vrith the re
sult that his foot got caught and was
jammed to such an extent that amputa
tion of one of his toes was necessary.
Aigeltiriger-Lbses '" Suit.
.;; Judgment ;was' entered in; favor .- of the
Board ; of j Public >Works yesterday in .'tho
The grove, .however, passed resolutions
concerning the I action ¦ of. the grand arch,
which, in - the : opinion-, of , Godeau, : were
"artfully conciliatory." 'That the resolu
tions if ailed to conciliate - became evident
shortly ! .« after ¦ the ¦ meeting, ' for Godeau
issued^ at proclamation ' suspending r Olym
pia \ Grove < and . taking from "its members
the ; privileges enjoyed by ; all good Druids
¦'-It Is claimed that. the. suit and troubles
that .caused It are due toa-deslre on the
part ; of >Godeau ; and .J.- >H., Martinoni
grand r < secretary- of I the - order. J- to 1 control
the ,'of ithe, order/- Both' Martinoni
and 1 Godeau ' are ' candidates for re-election
afi the; coming t Grand Grove at' Stockton '
and ? 1 1 is ¦ claimed that , the ; suspension' of
Olympiav Grove •; at ¦•> this V time . is because
the* members of, the grove are not friendly
to ¦ the grand ' arch ; and i grand secretary
and;- that' therefore: delegates J from ' the
grove would. not support 1 them.
; Godeau appointed a * committee consist
ing; of. pastofQcers of various; groves to
look into matter, but the committee
became ' powerless because of the • failure
and refusal ; of the , members of - Olympia
Grove: to meet the .committee.
The trouble commenced at a meeting of
Olympia Grove held' in January, 'when J.
H. : Heath . arose and asked permission to
examine > the boote \ of ' the grove ' for the
purpose of ascertaining . what had become
of .the ; funds.' J Ho . was , refused and .was
promptly ; fined ¦. for persisting. The ' fine
was ' subsequently' remitted, ; but V Heath
was not satisfied. He appealed to Go
deau 1 in. a letter 1 signed by. himself, E*
Dasse and'H. D. Nienhaus, and an inves
tigation was ordered. . Heath claimed that
his name and that of J. H. Nickels, which
appeared; ins the semi-annual -report -of
Olympia Grove's finances, were forgeries,
and stated that * on this account he : de
sired'to inspect the 'books. ¦
. Now that the battle has begun : inter
esting-developments .are 1 expected, , as in
the -complaint filed ; yesterday forgery,
disrespect to \ superior" officers : and many
other . unf raternal ; charges are "made. ;
! s Godeau suspended Olympia Grove for
alleged: insubordination and conduct un
becoming Druids on the 3d inst. .
H. G. /Arnold and others, representing
Olympia Grove No. 119 cf the United An
cient Order of Druids, ~ applied yesterday
for a writ of mandate to : compel Julius
S. Godeau, noble grand arch of the Grand
Grove of California, to reinstate Olympia
Grove and to- restore ; to its, members
Druidical ; privileges.- '
: .When the manager of •; the foundry an
nounced; that all was ready for,the:cast
ing " the ' teachers , and children • ranged
themselves . in : a , semicircle ¦ around the
iron case containing: the mold. > Four stal
wart, men, hoisted? the white-hot crucible
containing the molten bronze and quickly
' While the final preparations were made
for < hoisting , the crucible of molten metal
and* pouring the contents into the ¦ iron
bound I mold the • visitors were ( briefly ad
dressed by -Principal Biedenbach and
Mayor Schmitz. t: . • ¦';¦-.
The Mayor said. that he felt it an honor
to be : present on t such an occasion, and
felt • sure that the , . school children • of
Berkeley would ever remember vwlth ' love
the : name ; and record ¦ of 'William McKin
ley when they 'would look upon the bronze
bust of the man who loved ' children so
Well.' ¦'*¦••¦.: ¦ ¦ • ./, 7.-..W ¦¦¦¦-,.-¦ . -:¦
The work of the casting was explained
to the visitors by Manager Louis de Rome
and Antoine Garauvel, the molder, .' who
had spent fifteen days In £ making. ; the
mold of French sand. Garauvel, superin
tended the casting of the statuary of the
Lick monument, the Phelan * statue and
the Donahue fountain, and is recognized
as a master of his craft. / / "¦;, , '
Explains .Work of Casting.
The ceremony yesterday at the foundry
was simple but impressive. Principal
Biedenbach was in charge of the < BerKe
ley teachers and children, and the visitors
assembled at the foundry shortly after 2
p. m.' While the workmen were busily en
gaged in preparing for the casting Mayor
Schmitz arrived and was given a hearty
welcome by the children. The clay model
of the bust of President. McKinley, was
displayed, and all who viewed ;it, com
mented on the life-like expression brought
out by the sculptor. /%g$a?&
Sculptor Robert I. Aitken . was commis
sioned to design the bust . of i the Presi
dent, and the ' contract for the casting
was given to the Globe Brass and Bell
Foundry, at 126-128 Main street,/ San
Francisco. » '¦3gifln&8*'<?*SEg*ek -.: ' f ¦ - '
Shortly after the death of the late Pres
ident the citizens of Berkeley . were asked
by, Principal Charles Lr Biedenbach of the
McKinley School to subscribe to a fund
for the purpose of erecting a tribute, to
the dead President. The "children of the
school lent valuable assistance to their
teachers, and with but little delay enough'
money -was. forthcoming .to insure the
purchase of a monument. .
A life-sized bronze bust of • the lato
President William McKinley was ; cast
yesterday afternoon in. this, city in the
presence of the teachers and 100 school
children of the" McKinley School,^Berke
ley, and Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz.
Berkeley School Chil
dren and Teachers
See |Proceeding.
Olympia Grove Begins
Suit Against Grand
Arch GodeaU;
DRUIDS OBJECT
TO SUSPENSION
M'KINLEY BUST
CAST IN BRONZE
attached the receptacle to the hook of an
iron crane. The chain was eet to work
and the crucible was hoisted over the
mold. . - .
Garauvel Directs Casting.
With I familiar ; daring - Molder Garauvel
climbed , on the top of ( the iron case con-;
taining the 'mold and tipped the spout of
the crucible over a* small opening. The
white-hot metal ran into the mold, while
fantastic colors played around the J hot
stream and jets of gases spouted upward
like a miniature volcano. Although the
mold will not be opened until to-morrow
morning, the visitors were informed that
the casting had been successful in every
way. The bust- will be placed on a shaft
in front, of the McKinley School, Berke
ley, and the dedication will take place on
April 21, at 1:30 p. m. ,
The children who witnessed the casting
were in charge of Principal I Biedenbach,
assisted by Misses Eleanor Smith, Etta
Ellerhorst, May Gearhart and Mrs." Clara
Partridge,' teachers of ¦ the McKinley
School. • ' . '.,
Among the children who witnessed the
ceremony of. '.the casting were: ' '-;;."
Misses Ethel Hlggins, Ruby > Scott, Mattie
Scott; Myrtice Haines, Esther Sadler, • Mabel
Sadler. Belle Wyley, Lillle Valentine, Alice
Griesche, Charlotte Biedenbach, Shirley Jones,
Alma Carlyle, Frances Ferrler, ' Helen Reveal,
Maud; Mason. Gertrude Mason, Elsa Wagner,
Frances N. Bowman. ;
Masters IJarry ¦ Lawton. Stanley Partridge,
Donald . PaWridgo, Edward Matlgon, Nelson
McGee, - Arthur - Bell, , Georere : Radford. John
Eervlss, RoyServiss, Lorin- Parker, /John Cal
kins and Alard Calkins. . : ¦ . •
40
Spring Sale Ladies' Suits. WF Latest Mode Skirts.
y f5^|f ize our suits, as everything :. Jffl ' ££$^**^ '. \-~-^J^&^ ing us, last week/ and invite i{fj}t
'm^-^J" art can invent or skill exe- *^^^Zj^®^B^h 4fi&&££& r <^ i^ you to come in and see them V^^f
*s^Wy^ the highest cldss garments -g'" ' - ] " : -^":— ' ' '.-y y '" " / '- ¦" "o. not. ., Want you to note the /'<^^fel
I m ' \\ at the lowest prices, consist- Hnl^^ n^+A^ CaIa /x^ lines of grace— to observe /-Ki\"M
I"///' A\ ent. Few made-to-measure 11316 S Klt^WL^St OI they have that vague some- / f^\W
mitHw >\ suits' at twice the price will '^^^^^%^^^^^^'^BM- / | thing that is ever associated fJ\M f rk
A/fa, v h :. use Jjc^ cheviot-made .with extra '-' LJ[[ J
\ A/ 1 \ - ed with narrow bands ol siiK •';..• , ., / J wide graduated flounce— top I
A-^V j. \\ . nioire , on jacket and skirt. , . or, children S • ¦ ' . . < ¦' and bottom have a 'wide ser- /C3) 1
TV ' \ Moire vest, small peplums over tir^u. £ d^ M *a ! \% *** p'entine band of peau dc soie IWi *
iT^t • I hips, J black or tan. . ... . T'f% t* OT 1 Ifl Vi £* f ' edged with / narow, •» mohair '-* ¦ NiV
tf^SyV I \ Suit $25.00— Material is peb- 4JJLCH \J I AJai IWl braid— extra full sweep M-K i
i'H$&® I \ ' bIe etamine. Eton, with vest . -;.;¦". _^ . ! . '. • . i^V.^Pl $22.50— Crepe ctamine in
***'" I \ cffect Skirt and jacket trim- UllQerWear tO Bfi SOlU fit AnOllt black, made with side plaits J^&=^Wl
/ I med with narrow bands of peau • w »«ClWtai IV UC &U1U Cll rtUUUl running to the knees, starting - /pX^EEg^
/ 4 -de soie and disks of moire, drop Hdlf Prir'A ' . from front gore-drop silk
J ts&k skirt. Black only. flail JrllCe. ' skirt. jS&£^'^J&^
A\ tdk\ Suit ?43.uO— Fine French ctad nr o«r.T-r-« , , \ v , : - , ?13.50— Made in taffeta silk d@tli*£==§^il^l?}
/jRX ' broadcloth— the full Gibson is olAK Ul" GARTER underwear during the past ten years has with circular flounce with \ /& :[ MWz&%F^^$MF'K^
//^%^0 VV\ become known as the ideal underwear for children and has been ; "berty /f^l^^^m^
W ]&SSC^\ %\ Nfe\' over shoulders running to waist, generally acknowledged as without a rival. $20.O0_Of taffeta silk made ~L7 M " i?*W*^' f^T
( /^^W/ \ *\>^ X £^*i^%&*^™\; The materialised in the ¦¦manuWtu^e:of¦this:high-g^adeun-\^/ : ¦^!j th ¦ f *^> flounces-many (j£ J Vi^' /,£%£/
\.jv t r v/ A \W\ white. .bancy siik , skirt is a , ¦•¦•;¦¦> » " ,.- , , , , , , , - r rows of narrow tucks above v *& B 'j \*'Jl&7~*^
4 / ¦ *\ >^;Y seven gore, with wide side plaits derwear is selected fine Australian lambs wool, thoroughly car- each flounce, with two plaited /* IM^i $&'P^
¦ >->- — i-WJ^ -¦ S 1 S i t o s i r ra Li t n o ,d bri^h O wh*' bonked and cleansed, aftenvard combined. .With- just enough fSk;S^fe^ Has a
¦ \?:y '¦' : ~ .\ . . . taffeta: also a silk drop skirt, vegetable fiber to produce a garment that will not shrink. ' .. -
Sale Chinaware. 7 Children's Ribbed Natural Gray Sale of Trunks.
China Salad Bowls— Measure o inches, floral decorations in natural col- and white Australian wool vests and pantalets, in' two styles— wide or narrow Saratoga— Metal covered trunks, well made with 5 cleats on top. 3 on
ors— gold traced— <5oc values for. .'..... 25c nb. V ests handsomely finished with silk : shell stitched self fronts, pearl but- bottom and 2 around body— sheet iron bottom — one tray with 3
Tea Cups and Saucers— Choice white Carlsbad china— thin light ware; 6 • tons— patent covered seams. Pantalets with wide sateen bands— shaped; and „ compartments; 26-inch size $1.0,5; larger sizes $2.20, $2.45, $2.70.
for ....83c narrowed cuffs and ankles, edges all stitched with silk. All sizes, 3 to IS years. Flat-Top Trunk— Covered with waterproof duck— protected with 4
Dinner Sets — A cottage set of 50 pieces, enough for 6 persons— light _, Size ................. 1 2 ~: 3»>. . 4 , .5 6 7 8 , cleats on top, 3 on bottom and 2 around body — sheet iron bottom,
PfP^l^iP?^' f8^||^|pc;f^c7^-: b^odc-28-inch ones $2. 5 o; larger sizes $2.75, $3-OO, $3-2 S . $3-5O
Fine Porcelain Dinner Set, with beautiful floral spray decorations and ;— ¦— — "'.'.' Flat-Top Trunk — Covered with waterproof duck, metal bound. 4 cleats
gold lines. 100 pieces — enough for 12 persons. You save $400 on tiJfl'/V/V l\ft > IT A across top, 2 around body and 3 on bottom, which is iron, brass lock
this set. as it is that much underpriced ....;.. $10.65 vPl.UU lYletl S UlluerWear 70C. and^ strong clamps— two trays, one being extra deep with covered
Fine English Porcelain Dinner Set, containing 100 pieces. Pretty blue ,, , .>'¦ ' -^ hatbox — 28-inch ones $3.70: larger sizes $4.00, $4.30, $4.60. $4.00. ,
border — decorated with gold lines on each piece — an excellent set Men s all-wool Vicuna brown underwear — shirts" self-finished, drawers Flat-Top Trunk — Waterproof duck covered, 4 hard wood cleats on top,
and an unheard of low price $13.00 faced with silesia. and all seams overcast. 2 around body.and 3 on sheet iron bottom, heavy corner clamps.
Chamber Sets, complete with large covered jar — assorted floral decora-. Goods ordinarily sold at $i.2<5. : and which are splendid value at $1.00. go on . . bound end cleats, brass lock, two heavy straps, I deep covered tray
tions — every piece gold traced. These sets are a third underpriced sa »e now at, per garment .........;... .......;.... 79c \ ¦ with hatbox — 32-inch size $5.00; 34-inch $5.50, and 36-inch $6.00.
when offered at $4.60 , j ;¦
Framed Pictures. Electrolysis. Wash Goods.
Black ebonoid frame 7x0 assorted subjects 25c each ; Electrolysis is the process of decomposing a compound substance by Linen color batiste. 32 inches wide .Yard 10c. 12^c, 15c
A choice assortment of 'colored pictures in a two-inch gilt frame, qxio^ passing electricity through it. and is the only way that hair germs can be per- • Duck skirting for durable outing wear, plain tan, blue or black '.';-'.
inches ...35c each manently destroyed. . . '£ . ............. .,..: Yard 12 54 c
Oval shaped gilt frame with painted subjects; a large assortment — You will find in our hair dressing parlors the. latest, electric contrivances. Embroidered point suisse, in tan, Ted, blue, pink or green; 27 inches....
5^x12^4 •. 7oc for the scientific and safe removal of superfluous hair, warts and moles. . *... Yard 15c
New shape in* mounted pictures."plain dark o'ak frame,' painted pictures. \ A1 1 wor k is guaranteed, and charges reasonable. , Shirt waist madras, m broken stnpes, 32 inches wide Yard 15c
assorted subjects: 6xio54 45c Electric Needle Specialist. Miss Ten Eyck. /; £ f, .. . Imported pique suiting, small ribs in solid colors, 30 inches.wide
Colored pictures of Pickaninnies, a choice assortment of subiects in a ' , c ."•: ;. :* : '.V'*v: .""". ••.......•... Yard 25c
2-inch black wood frame. 8I4XIOJ4; special ......40c each I"""* " 1~^ t^ * J : ¦'"'^ £"» ' 1 t awiss plumetis, embroidered in stnpes, dots and scroll patterns, light and
Fancy decorated oval frame with assorted painted subjects— 2^-inch l""!*©© FlfTI Hf O1Q6P V oCHOOl. shades, a perfect summer dress material, 30. inches.. Yard 25c
frame, in black ..:. — .................... .75c ¦-" . , , tJ • /' —¦™ i^^_. a^__ _^__^_.
Extra large subjects in gilt frames, gray mats; 11^x13^... ...65c each Newclasses forming this week; so don't lose this opportunity of getting a f\V%(\ fafiAC
- ; 1 series of twelve 50c embroidery lessons free. Come early, though, before the *- 711CC1 .^ ClIlVl WCtdCZ»*
A Lining Opportunity. ¦ class " arc fulL _ '•_ • ; ¦ ; ' ••' A splendid opportunity for hotels, rooming-houses and
In connection with the great silk and dress goods sales we present djrtaiflS Sfid Y) V Z±T\&V\£^ private families to replenish. .;.;/*' .;-. .
two lining items of unusual merit. ' -.'.Vv:. V ;,' v * B «>"- a **^ .-**/***. "-'* **pw« «^4=». ; ¦. 6000 pillow cases, 45x36 inches, worth I2>^c 10c each
2500 yards-good grade ioc silesia -Jlack, gray slates and tans. ..8 l-3c We don't often get up a sale of curtains and draperies/ but 5000 pillow cases.5Ox36 inches worth ISC ........... .......12j4c each
2000 yards of a ioc quality, black, 36-inch percahne for 7^c , ..¦ . & r x1 . . r ' . Sheets S4xoo, 37^c— 63xgo, 42j^c— 72xgo, 47j^c— 81x00, 50c— goxoo s?c
, when, we do it means something— means an assortment that is. 33 ;
Ladies' Shampooing. giiif^liii W^&&W* ever y od housewife ' Trimrp^d Hat*
R + fn R** HaH r» - wish to replenish. Such a sale is this one: ... --. iiiiiiii,vU iiaw.
KeSt tO De naa, 5OC. 2 oopairs plain white Swiss cottage curtains, 2^ yards long. A dainty and ser- Clever Showing" at $5-00 tO $7.00 Each
j vO c >: ur patrons tell us that nowhere viceable hanging for* attic, basement or summer cottage windows, per pair The entire time and attention of ' '
, ?'^//. else do they get so good and thor- ........ ''¦'":'' :•••'••/ "" " 5 ? c our workrooms the past week have <&*jry, rWffes.
r ou § h a shampoo. Not strange, 300 pairs dotted Swiss cottage curtains, 3 yards long and 40 inches wide, in- been eiven to makine trimmed hat« n^SSfis**. *iO0 ]\ftfjjC±
*~^<^i$yj$ hair needs tO clcansc lt! to hrins lus " 60 pairs tapestry portieres, 3 yards long, 50 inches wide. Armure weave pat- pattern hats, introducing all the new % <^^^^h---^^^^
® 5 *"(S.vs*'^ ter an<^ e an<^ s °f tness - tern — green, blue and brown colorings — neat knotted overthrow fringe: an( * c l cver ideas of Paris and New '^^^^Wgg^^^^^SS^
v^^' | v cv '^^4~. Then the appliances are unusual per pair §3.5O Yo-k. v^^^^ *&£*$$& fv*7
*#^ "t** W^-^! 1 and thoroughly modern— and there's 5 °° yards Persian stri P e tapestry, in pretty colorings, for curtains, cozy corners Naturally flat turban effects with < * ~ 4S&1W
'^fera ' quantities of fine hot water— the elec ... or Oriental. draping of any kind/48 inches wide; per yard. ......40c heavy rolled rims and pretty white \ &^4
%$bgr ?• • a - w 20 pieces colored curtain Swiss, in pretty patterns and. colorings; make dainty hats trimmed with lace and flowers \ v 5*
SS^^jfliSt^iBK trie warm air drying machine, . a bed chamber curtains or bed drapery— new combination stripe and -floral s are in the preponderance, but no \ertf%$\
J^^ftW bright, pleasant room in which the effects, fast colors. 35 inches wide, per yard ' 20c matter what your taste is, we can 14%C'^ 1
/j/k 7/ 11/ '^i!{ 'i if 'vV sun streams with its' genial warmth 6 gross brass extension rods for cottage or lace curtains, extend to 54 please you if you want up-to-date '
and hygienic influences., inches, each ". •.:.............. 15c ctvlc* *&£*}?$&*'
.-..-•-¦ . - ¦ ¦ . - ¦ ¦ • stylcs - . - . -i- ¦¦:¦¦¦
A Yoong San Franciscan Was Told by Ismar, the Great
Seeress, That if He Remained in This City He
Would Gain Wealth and Position.
anA.^™^ as: ?»« a y ° un 5 San Franciscan was promoted to a very responsible
doubt as to the wisdom of the move. Ismar warned him that if he der>artPrt
from San Francisco he would miss the one great opportunity of "is life to Lc
quire wealth and position. His implicit faith in the words of Ismar' mlrvel^us
Uiough they were, constrained him to remain in this city? He straSe? alS! e¥n
comparative obscurity in a position of some responsibility in the street car fer"
vice until the attention of the Baltimore syndicate was attracted to him Two
weeks ago he knew no more of the good fortune that awaited him than any othe?
citizen of San Francisco. Less than two weeks ago he consulted Ismar and satl
that inasmuch as the street car lines had changed K h« ™? mn™ <^
liable to lose his portion. Ismar assured him that ht would lole h£ nosltlnn
o £ Jy * t ? S /\ a better one-WITHINA FEW DAYS. All Xe facte he actoowl
lw hIs E ood a fortule rePOrtera£eW evenIngs a^ and gave to Ismar^ all thfer^dit
* ".Y**?? \ ¦*' en » t < t0 Ifraar f or the first time I was on the point of leavlne
for the East, but /was advised by a friend to consult with Ismar «n<i /£.ff»™« s
the proper course of procedure. She convinced me beVnd quSon that it
would be unwise -to leave San Francisco; that great fortune was In sto?e for me
here. So I remained, and her every word has. been verified." -. - - ° m e
Thus another proof of the mystical and marvelous psychic power of Ismnr
has been recorded. Her power is beyond doubt the most remarllabllof Its idnd
ln the world to-day. There is no event of worth In life, that rto ii not ibl?^«
presage. Her /advice on any of the affairs of life Is invaluable She h« b^n
the means, of restoring loved ones to one another In. Innumerable cases ofbrinl"
ing fortune and happiness to. thousands upon thousands of men and women and
giving valuable advice in a multitude of cases where the greatest benefit was^e
rived to those consulting her. She is able to do for you what she has do^e for
o triers*
.. Her readings are strictly private and confidential. Her readings. by mail are
equally satisfactory jrttt 1 those In person. Three questions answered foMl- fun
life reading, $5. Send date and year of birth. • < wrti. tail
Ismar can be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays from 10 to 12
a. m., at Jier office. 1148; Market street, opposite Sixth. -
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale'3.
Hale's.
Hale's.
#Rejiable ;
l/''Vo » '•'¦ ' -,(l.meana more
~.\ gS*^, than 'mere fit
I * \LsfiA * I and durability—
V/V \ /' ("/' It must be skill-
\.V-b I \ . /-• #. ful • enough -to
I >-/e!w favor the figure '¦
¥ \ \ W^ ¦ ' where: It lacks; >
I •,.¦: I \ \ / to impart grace- .
I Ml A fulness and dig-
1 ' 11 H nity. even where
I " IA - H they, don't exist
¦ . I! : - li • ¦ B- naturally. 'Our
1 II II « tailoring .. has r
I I II -I--- earned a repu-
9 I-'lr - : 1 tation; Jalong.
1: < ft' li ; 1 '¦ these lines ' to ,'
1 1 1 ;'-, ' \ |1 ' i 1 such an , extent ..
I L ¦•¦¦'¦' I /I ; I ;that.». soma-»of
9 \jL a -the most fastid- ;,
B ...< BS^ '¦ R3 • ilAious. dressers 'in- ¦.
I -•' '.''IS . ', 'i.. Ban- . Francisco i:
I ¦ -S* '¦••¦' » v « are dur patrons. , \
1 ' ' '¦¦¦¦¦. ; :- •¦'• •'¦¦¦ We will make .'
1 • r > . ., - ".'TOU. a' suit! for
I .One dollar a week; i»SlffiQB&H
I .- and ' you : may : wear, it while pay-
I ingifor it. v ;
I I 28 Ellis St.'. I above^ Powell; St.'
a . ' BAN; FRANCIS.CQ;
I, , .^gpj^gj^glg Furniture |
I Solid Oak ij^^^^^g^^^ J
§ Solid Make I
I 24x24 in. top /I % I
I Golden finish, full 8 S. | I
I Height. Not a Living. M
g room, bedroom, hall or of- & f!
fice but would be more W |/ g \ II
ra comfortable for one of these if E 1 \ 1!
H ho.ndy parlor tables *Kjl - K ' &"ammtW \ \\
1 This One :G±\. A ,K I , \
II XA VM Jff </y^. . I I
I ui %^ a1T\7(^ pi £i nil f^Q !
II are e oiws w^° gj * *^ e mos^ sun li
i use them ths bcst ws are abls to M
H f\\ )f /^TiP^^^ S4.25 Golden oak Go- *^ QC H
1 " high handles, springy U.UU Ij
| ture) rubber tires, brake/ .DU jj
I Lac© Glirt ain fi Many , fine Patterns sold down to 1 1
I .-.price betw«n. FirstFloor. One third Off j
I "TheCredjt HouseV.SjxStories High. !1
|^ g33.ay-33ir Post Street Phone Private Cx 37 jj
ISTff ATt.