PLOTTERS NOW TOIL
IN CANADIAN PRISON
SAN FRANCISCO, -SATURDAY, APRIL 5, 1902.
VOLUME XCI^TO. 126.
WU TING FANG HEARS
EXCLUSION ARGUMENTS
Chinese Minister Almost Falls Out of Gal*
lery in His Eagerness:
tlon ' against fraud. An effort has been
made to liberalize those provisions relat
ing to the exempted classes. No radical
departure was proposed from the statutes
now in operation, the bill being. a virtual
codification of the existing laws and regu
lations concerning the ! admission to this
country of Chinese persons. The aim of
the f ramers was carefully to avoid any
thing which might give Just cause, for of
fense to the Chinese, empire, and to an
extent, at least, it was a more liberal
measure, so far as the- exempted' classes
were concerned, than that which is now
on the statute books. . '
Mitchell then' entered on an extended
analysis of the proposed measure, making
his explanation of its provisions in 'the
light of the decisions of the highest courts
relating^ to Chinese exclusion which have
been delivered since the enactment of the
Geary act. The theory on which j the'
measure was constructed, he said, "is not
that all Chinese persons who are not pro
hibited may. enter this country; but. upon
the contrary, the legislation proceeds upon
the theory that only those, are allowed to
enter who are especially allowed." There
fore, every Chinese person shall be deemed
a laborer, within the meaning of the. bill,
who is not an official, a teacher, a student,
a merchant or a traveler for pleasure.
PREVENTION OF FRATTD.
Referring to the regulations in the meas
ure .for the prevention of fraud, Mitchell
said that no one could question'success
fully the authority of Congress to estab
lish and enforce all necessary rules which
would operate as statutory safeguards
against fraud and which would test prop
erly the good faith of Chinese persons
claiming to belong to one or another j of
the exempted classes. He held that this
Government never would barter away Its
inalienable right to inhibit the coming to
this country of any class of people from
any country en earth if in the Judgment of
Congress such persons were objectionable;
Mitchell expressed belief that the con-.
Btltutionality of 'the proposed measure
could not be challenged successfully, "it
is in line," said he, "with the overwhelm
ing sentiment of this country. It is not,
when Viewed from the proper standpoint,
in conflict, with any existing treaty stipu
lations between the United States and
China. Even If it. were this could; be
urged only as a policy objection and not
one that for a moment would go to "any
lack of power in Congress under the con-
"The right to exclude foreigners is one
of the' highest attributes v^ilch attaches
to "American sovereignty. Indeed, , so all
controlling^ Is this right that no treaty
stipulation to the contrary can stand for
one moment .j against it. ' But happily the
legislation proposed does not involve any
question-of public faith. The. bill; is but
an attempt to ¦ crystallize into one intelli
gent,> harmonious^ statute '• the laws tupon
this subject as they exist to-day with such'
elaboration and /extension v as are. neces
sary to,apply the' policy.', of .exclusion to
our Insular, possessions. . It is legislation
Further . along Mitchell said the pro
posed legislation . "is but another grand
step forward by the republic in the majes
tic and progressive march of true Ameri
canism,. which looks to protection of
American labor and to the preservation,
purity and, perpetuity of American insti
tutions. It is a grand step in the direc
tion of freeing our people and our Institu
tions from jj the, corrupting and corroding
influences of pauper labor and those viru
lent and j destructive vices so inseparably
connected with the lower classes of Asi
atic, serfdom and whose poisonous virus,
if permitted to permeate our-body politic,
inevitably will lead to lamentable blight,
pitiable .. decay and ultimate destruction.
Nfa higher rests upon the National
Congress, than to guard . with scrupulous
care and untiring vigilance the doors
which stand . between us and foreign na
tions, to the end that no classes of people
of any nation whatever be permitted to
enter whose presence, in the Judgment of
the American" Congress, would be a men
ace to. _the virile growth and preservation
of these Institutions which go to make
our republic what it is to-day— the most
healthy and ; vigorous, morally, intellectu
ally ; and ; otherwise, -of any , nation that
has ever lived since | the beginning of
time. ... . , ;
PROTECTION OF LABOR.
He pointed out that China had assented
to the policy of exclusion and had not re
garded such a policy on the part of. the
United States as hostile to the empire of
China. , .
stituticn to enact a law. It is legislation
not only in line with public sentiment of
this country, but also with the estab
lished policy of this Government."
MEMBERS. OF CONGRESS WHO ARE ACTIVE IN CAUSE OP CHINESE
EXCLUSION. WHILE MITCHELL WAS TALKING FOR THE BILL
IN THE SENATE, HITT PRESENTED THE HOUSE BILL.
', \ Resolved.'^ That .tho. Secretary of i State be ' and
hereby- 1b respectfully requested, 'if. not . lneom
patlfclc with the public^ interest, to*. transmit to
the Houso; of ", Represe'ntatlvef ¦ theV«ald ' report
and i communication ; of j the ) Governor; of • Louis
iana.' together, with all accompanying affldavitc.
documents 'and ' communications./ -^^j^SjBSSBw
:* '. 'Whereas, .The ; GSovernor of '¦ Louisiana • further
reports and sustains' his report; by affidavits of
American ' citizens, ; that \ the .said British base
of eupplleshas been and Is being: used 'to] pro
euro , by , solicitation...' fraudulent 'representation
and : unlawful/ means /the v enlistment .of "said
American ' citizens j In | the j British I army operat
ing . ; In ; South "Africa; ' theref ore.\ be I It l\ ", •• ' .¦
. Whereas. The Governor of -Louisiana has re
ported, to the State Department | the" existence
and ' operation j in the State 'of _ Louisiana of , a
British ' base, of.' supplies, * conducted and ; con
ttolled ; by British \ military officers, whereby
horses j and ; mules v and Mother j supplies, ""contra
band of war," are" shipped on, British military
and naval, transports- to 'the seat of war in
South Africa for the augmentation of the Brit
ish '.. military force In ¦ South ;; Africa operating
against the ;. South African" republics of - the
Orenga Free ' State , and ; the Transvaal; and -,-"
.-. Representative Sulzer. of New York to-]
day • introduced the following .resolution:
, At the British embassy it is asserted
that if any, enlistments of Americans
have' occurred at Chalmette, it. is; con
trary,to orders. of the British Government
anl that: no intention has existed of .'vio
lating the. neutrality laws of the United
States^. ,,; ' ' ¦<.¦ S . VX/c~~ -"."^•¦.' ; . .
, CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 4.— Great Bri
tain may be requested to break up .'the
camp at Chalmette, Louisiana, which it is
charged is used by her agents as a base
for military operations against the Boers.
As a result of the consideration given
the matter to-day the President directed
Attorney General Knox to order an In
vestigation of the camp, to determine
whether/ its -maintenance is in violation
of the position of the. United States : as
neutral. Secretary Hay, it is expected,
will make an inquiry of Lord Pauncefote,
tho British Embassador, in relation- to
the matter. It is possible that Secretary
Root may -order an array officer to in
spect the camp. The action of the Presi
dent . followed ¦ consideration by ;him and
his Cabinet of the charges made by Gov
ernor Heard of Louisiana, which were re
ceived by the State ' Department j several
days ago. These charges were supported
by, affidavits made by ten. citizens of 'the
State. ' They allege , the Chalmette camp
is'being used as base of supplies and re
cruiting. '. , " ¦ . .;'.]'. '.• t'1
Fifteen hundred Boers participated in the
engagement, but they had suffered too heavily
and cleared away . to the northwest and south.
The British losses also -were severe. The Cana
dian Rifles especially distinguished themselves,
one party, commanded by Lieutenant Bruce
Carruthers,". holding- Us post until every man
was killed or wounded. Others 6f the forces
showed great steadiness, allowing the Boers to
advance within 200 yards of them and repelling
them with a steady rifle fire. <
General Kitchener (Lord Kitchener's brother)
sent Colonels Kelr and Cooks 'on from" Vrele
kuJl, Western Transvaal. March 31, to recon
noiter toward Harts RLver. They soon struck
the track of the guns and carried on a run
ning fight for eight miles, following the track
through the bush. Emerging on a plain, large
Boer reinforcements advanced against their
flanks, forcing the British troops to take up a
defensive position, which they hastily entrench
ed. Fighting ensued at close quarters until the
Boers were repulsed on all sides. Delarey,
Kemp and other leaders vainly attempted to
persuade their men to renew- the action.
Lord Kitchener's official report;- dated
from Pretoria, yesterday evening, says:"
. There : was severe fighting all day long
March 31 ln~ the neighborhood of Harts
River in the southwestern extremity 'of
the Transvaal : between par t of General
Kitchener's force ami the forces. of Gen
erals-Dclarcy nijd^jjjmp;- resulting in; the
'rei^se'';6f-:th'e^MwrS^aftfcfl^^v^Io^n^
on 'both"* sides'. * The- Canadian . forces' es*
¦pecially \ distinguished ¦ ; themselves^ / one
party, commanded by | Lieutenant-^ Bruce
Carruthers, .holding its post until every
man was killed or wounded. ¦ /' -
"Six hundred British troops, commanded
by a colonel, •- were advancing through a
broken couhtry'Tn charge of a baggage
train, when ,100 -Boers appeared directly
ahead of the convoy at some distance and
opened fire. • The ; British commander . sent
400 men forward > to disperse the .enemy.
Thereupon a- strong--^ party of burghers
attacked ¦, the -small * convoy guard, sur
rounding and ' disarming it. ' The; British
advance detachment •; tried to return.. to
their comrades, \but the Boers closed
about on' all sides 'of the' detachment,
which surrendered after slight resistance.
The surprise effected, by .the burghers was
complete. ~\ The casualties on both sides
were few."- :...'•¦ ?- . '*. .,*, "•
The story of the alleged Incident has
reached; the' opposition and a question
will be addressed to the Government on
the subject 'immediately after the . reas
sembling, of Parliament.; One of the Boer
delegates said:- ~. ¦/'---". '¦
LONDON, April The' Boer junta in
London says it hasVeceived news of ( a
recent ! action ; in South Africa, In the
course of which the burghers- captured a
loaded British ,cpnvoy /and -600 men, re
leasing the soldiers, -according to custom,
after having relieved, them of .'their, rifles,
cartridge . belts, ammunition and supers
fluous clothing. ' The -War. Office ¦ denle's
knowledge of such' engagement and the
Boers assert the information of theVcap
ture . has been deliberately suppressed
either by Lord -Kitchener or his subordi
nate commanders. , '•• ¦ \ .¦•'.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Some Hard Fighting
Is Reported by
Kitchener.
Say 600 of the Enemy
Were Taken and
Released.
Boer Agents Claim a
Victory in South
Africa,
CAPTURE
MANY OF
BRITISH
The basic principles of the pending bill
were embodied in existing legislation and
such additions as have been proposed were
approved by experience and were in ac
cord with the decisions of the courts. The
framers of the measure had endeavored
to make it as effective as possible' as a
restrictive measure while keeping steadi
ly In view all necessary means of protec-
BASIO PRINCIPLES.
Mitchell. In beginning, said that-, the
policy of Chinese exclusion had become
one of the great policies of this countcy,
acquiesced In by all political parties afcd
as firmly fixed as the Monroe doctrine. It
is a policy based upon the general wel
fare, upon the principle of protection to
American labor and upon the doctrine of
protection against noxious infection of
those Institutions which constitute Am
erican civilization.
WASHINGTON. April 4.— The Senate to
day began consideration of the Chinese
exclusion bill, Mitchell . of. Oregon .making
the opening speech. He pointed out force
fully the necessity for exclusion of Chi
nese laborers and carefully and elaborate
ly analyzed the bilL He said It had been
constructed on the basis of existing law,
in the light of experience and of the de
cisions of the courts. While its provi
sions were drastic, they, he said, in some
respects were more liberal than the Geary
act. ;¦:;-¦¦ - .
Oregon Senator Tells Why Chinese
Labor Should Be Excluded.
CHAMPIONED BY MITCHELL.
Capitol watching the debate on
Chinese exclusion legislation. The sub
ject was under discussion in both
House and Senate. The Chinese Min
ister, in his silken robes, occupied a
eeat in the diplomatic gallery , of
the Senate, accompanied by the secretary
of the Chinese Legation. Senator Mitch
ell of Oregon was delivering a prepared
speech in favor of Chinese exclusion. The
Oregon Senator's remarks were hardly
audible In the diplomatic gallery, and
Minister Wu's almost frantic efforts to
catch the substance of the speech attract
ed general attention and caused amuse
ment to the occupants of the galleries.
He first took a seat on the back row, but
finally moved down to the .front row and
leaned bo far over the rail that he was
In danger of falling out of the gallery to
the floor of the Senate below. It was evi
dent from his anxious manner that he
was not able to hear what was being said
against his countrymen. Apparently dis
gusted with the unsatisfactory result , of
his visit to the Senate, he proceeded to
the House, where Representative Champ
Clark of Missouri was delivering one of
bis characteristic hammer and ' tongs
tpeeches denouncing Chinese immigration
and predicting disastrous consequences
•vrben the Chinese from the Philippines
come in conflict with American labor. The
Chinese Minister had no trouble in hear
ing what Clark had to say against the
Chinese.
CALL BUREAU. 140S G
STREET. N. W.. WASHING
TON, April 4.— Wu Ting Fang,
the Chinese Minister, spent a
greater part of to-day at the
Continued on i Page ; Three.
Continued on Page Two.
W INVESTIGATION of the details of
jgr • the' frustrated plot" to destroy the
¦'.$'¦ forts and dockyards in Esquimau,
S ¦ B. C, as published exclusively in
•JBl j The Call yesterday, shows ' that
\. United-' States • secret service
agents and other Federal officials played
an important part in furnishing the Brit
ish Government with warning and foiing
the work of the plotters. . .'
| Information furnished in this , city, yes
terday and secured in other localities in
dicates that 'the men detailed to destroy
the forts at Esquimau are' now. life pris
oners in' the Kingston, Ont., penitentiary
for attempting to. blow* up the Thorgld
lock of the'NWellahd, canal some weeks
after the projected attempt on the Esqui
mau fortifications.?
British Consul General Bennett yester
day j declined to give out! any, information
on j the subject," arid Secret j Service Agent
Hazen stated that he was not in ; a posi
tion to even discuss the matter.
Information .;froni . an authoritative
source . shows . that in^ January, 1900, the
late 'British- Consul. General Plckersslll
complained '• to I Frank L.". Coombs, United
States District Attorney, that the neutral
ity laws were 'being violated in California
by Boer agents and that supplies Qf pow
der, were being; sent! from California to
South Africa. The Consul also informed
the Federal • District Attorney that | he
possessed' 1 ' Information - showing the ex
istence of a plot in San Francisco to send
men to Esquimalt ; for the ¦'. purpose of
blowing : up the forts and dockyards at
that point. v ."¦ :" . . _'¦
SEEKS " FEDERAL HELP.
sThe' Consul had received the information
through Carrnac & Donohoe, his ! attor
neys,' and it was understood; that one of
the men implicated in, the plot had .visited
the- attorneys, and offered to betray/ his
comrades in crime. ¦. .. l^Vi i.:,'-':"
;J.Ori l Instructions fsent, from Washington,
D. C, "secret- service agents. were set to
work in Saii Francisco to* trace the move
ments of Francis Scanlan and. two others!
One was named Van Derline and Ihe'.third
man "was unknown. . ; v ¦¦ ¦•-..\\ '.';] .".- (
" Scanlan was described as beingjjifflliated
with; -Fenian -; organization's. *; while* Van
Derline' was ' said . to _be ; a; native of I Hol
land and a Boer- sympathizer. I' '¦¦'¦'
. The): following : descriptions: of -Scanlan
and Van^Derllne were'giveiiijjythe Brit
ish Consul to the Federal 'District Attor-
'/: The men -were not ' seen again and It is
thought they got away In a steam launch
to' American territory.. Scanlan and Van
Derline were found to be missing the next
day.the lax methods of the Canadian* de
tectives having - allowed them ' to escape
punishment. '
ESCAPED IN LATTNCH.
The same night a sentry saw two men
trying to climb up a buttress of a fort.
He fired on them and sounded the alarm.
The " guard turned out, but '.- the : men es
caped in the darkness and were seen row
ing away In a boat. - •
On Sunday. April 27, 1300, two men were
arrested while trying to make their way
near some of the big guns at . Esquimau.
They claimed to be visitors and gave the
names of Carl and D. Dunlop.'- They said
that they had wandered'.along the beach
and unexpectedly came .- near the forts.
The Canadian officials believed their story
and turned them loose. >
When the plotters left Seattle for .Vic
toria jthey , were followed < by the secret
service agents, who had. kept the British
authorities - fully posted as to develop
ments. The Canadian" detectives then took
up the iwatch- over Scanlan' and" Van Der
line. '' . ' • • ¦ ;:" : ; ;U'. ' ; '
-¦ The sjscret service agents ' in Seattle
were notified and when the plotters ar
rived there they, were* met at the depot
and - followed day and • night while in the
city. V Scanlan and Van Derline made their
headquarters in Seattle at the saloon of
a man named Gill on First street, who
was a pronounced hater of England. The
rooms occupied by Scanlan and Van Der
line were searched one day and batteries
and wires were found for exploding dyna
mite.
EVIDENCE FOTTND IN BOOM.
-The Secret Service 'agents in this city
discovered that^Scanlan ( and Van Derline
left this city on . February 4, 1900, for
Seattle en route to Victoria, B. C. They
had decided to remain in Seattle for some
time before attempting ' to destroy the
forts at Esquimau. '..'¦
"Van Derline, Hollander by birth, 40
years .of age; weight 165 pounds, five feet
ten inches in height, medium dark hair
and i beard, served in . European navies ;
speaks with a foreign accent."
¦•"Francis. Scanlan, Irish by birth, 35 years
of age, 1 stout, weight 175 pounds, five feet
ten inches in height: dark, thick heavy
hair, smooth face, a blacksmith and elec
trician by trade. ' . : . V
It .was stated yesterday that, neither
Scanlan nor Van Derline was a resident
of San Francisco for any length of time.
Both came here during 1S9S.
The United States Government officials
In San Francisco who worked on the case
were not informed by the British Consul
General as to the identity of the man
who betrayed his accomplices. The Brit
ish- officials also kept secret the names
of the men who furnished Scanlan and
Van Derline with funds. The British
representatives simply asked the Amer
ican Government to trace the movements
<ol Scanlan and Van Derline while they
were in this city and traveling to Vic
toria.
In the dispatches sent from. Vancouver,
B. C, on Thursday, giving the state
ments of ex-Premier of the province,
Charles L. Semlln, as to the frustrated
plot, the names of the men who were to
carry out the work of Blowing up th*
forts were given as "Dennis McDermot*
and Albert Renvlcker." These names
were evidently assumed ,by Scanlan and
Van Derline when they arrived in Vic
toria.
. A few days ago information was pub
lished In Canada and this country that
Dallman was Luke Dillon, the Irish Na
tional leader and famous as a close
friend of Dr. Cronin, who was murdered
in Chicago by members of a secret so
ciety, who suspected him of betraying
'their plans to the British Government.
Two years ago Dillon's friends In th»
East stated that . he had gone to Europe
and had been drowned in Ireland.
SAID TO BE LUKE DILLON.
Three men were arrested the next day
and charged with being the culprits
who had plotted to destroy the canal.
They gave their names as John Nolin,
John Walsh and Karl Dallman, but re.
fused to furnish any information, about
themselves. The three men were placed
on trial and speedily convicted and sen
tenced to Imprisonment for Ufa with
hard labor.
On April 21, 1900, an attempt was made
to blow up the Thorold lock of the Wel
land canal in Ontario. Sticks of dynam
ite were lowered in the lock by ropes ana
time fuses attached. Tfie lock gates
withstood the force of the explosion, oth
erwise a vast extent of territory would
have been flooded and hundreds, perhaps
'thousands, of lives would Save been lost.
fore' putting them behind bars. When the
men made an attempt to find out how the
land lay for exploding their dynamite
they managed to escape arrest.
OFFICIALS .WHO THWARTED
PLOT TO DESTROY ESQUIMALT,
AND SCENE AT NAVAL STATION.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Although the British Consul In San
Francisco had warned the Governor Gen
eral of Canada early in January of the
plot to destroy the Esquimau forts and
dockyards, and extra precautions wera
taken, no attempt was made to arrest
Scanlan and Van Derline when they ar
rived in Victoria. The officials felt that it
would be Impossible to convict them with
out evidence of the accomplices who were
in this country and they decided to wait
until the men committed an overt act fej»
Federal Off icials Detect Men Who Sought
to Destroy Esquimau Forts.
The San Francisco Call.Piles Cured Without the Knife.
-.Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
No cure, No Pay. .'All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo . Ointment to refund
money where it falls. to cure any case of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days
'One application gives ease and rest.r, Relieves
itching instantly. ¦ This is a new discovery and
is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A. free sample will be
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress.. Price, SOc."vIf your druggist don't keep
it in stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward, full size box : by. maiL: Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE* CO., St. Louis, Mo. who.
also manufacture \ the celebrated cold cure
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. '1 '
T. E. K. Cormac of the firm of Cormac
& Donohoe, attorneys for the British Con
sul General, 'was seen last evening at his
residence and asked if lie would give any
Information as to the plot" hatched in this
city -to destroy the . Esqulmalt fortifica
tions.... *•• ' ¦ . ¦'.*-¦ -';¦ ...
• "I cannot discuss this" matter atall."
said Cormac. "Our. firm has represented
the British consulate In legal matters for
twenty :years, andlf there were no other
reasons for^decllning to say anything,'pro
fessional rules prevent me talking of the
business of a; client."- ' . -¦ . .- i •:- :-
•- •> .'.••> Bequestvto Oriel College.
: , Rhodes* divides! "llie \£100,<JOO bequeathed
to :QrIej;. College, ..into .several funds, indi
cating exactly how' he wished them to be
placed, and adds- this characteristic sen
'tencef*"'.¦:«¦¦ ¦';:• : 'J Z--'-- : '- ¦;¦'¦<¦ V-t •-.'''¦¦ •
", "And* finally, as college Authorities live
secluded frorp.the world, and so are little
"children -as:, 'to. commercial matters, - I
would 'advise .^them to^eonsult -my trustees
regarding, the investment of tjiese. various
funds,' as they " would receive ¦ great • help
and experience from such advice." .
• Regarding the American scholarships
Rhodes says: ' ' ii^tf^F&f*ttStfa Wih
"Whereas I desire to encourage and fos-
SAN JOSE, : April 4. — Commander George
Stone of the Department of the Grand- Army
of- the Republic for California and Nevada and
Assistant Adjutant General and Quartermaster
T. C. Ifastellerwero- tendered a reception and
banquet by Phil Sheridan Post,' Grand Army of
the Republic/. at 'Hale' s Hall, to-night.
fight, to bring them together in one center and
u< secure for them the best* education obtain
able. He has undoubtedly succeeded in chang
ing .what he .(.calls , th$. dull TOonotony of com
petition.,,:. ¦'.'. .'- -'¦¦¦ *'¦ ''-;i "'•'•"'¦' '. ¦' ¦' ' .
¦ Of Mr. Rhodes' political' will and testament
it suffices to say that it stand* in its forefront
the , promotion and 'the unity of English speak
~ing~ races, -and al though It., Is not laid down
epeclflcallyvin hip -.wiU.^ in -written statements
in which he has -expressed his political ideas he
has specifically. Bet forth that the key -to- the
practical solution. of the question is to be found
In the constitution of. the United 8tates. ¦ .
¦ ••what ant awful .thought" it W- he writes,
•'that if ftven now, we could arrange with the
political members ot the United: States legisla
tive assembly and our House of. Commons the
peace of: the world \.y/ould be .secured for all
eternity. We c6U»d"hold r a federal parliament,
five years in Washington and Ove in London.
The , American ha8, been taught -the lesson . of
home rule and the success oi -leaving the man
agement of the local pump to tn$ parish beadle.
He ¦ does- not burden -,h}» - House . of Common*
with • the responsibility; of cleaning the parish
drains. ; The present of the. English
House is ridiculous. v .Tou- might as. weft, ex
pect .Napoleon to have found time to have per
sonally counted his 1 dirty linen r-bef ore he sent
it to the wash .and,:. t6. -have- recounted it upon
its return." ; . . • '. -
I have -said ¦ enough, however, to i show that
Mr. Rhodes' last will and testament is as re
markable as "the career of which it remains a
"worthy monument. At least I venture to hope
that, the world will begin to ; appreciate the
essential greatness of -the great man whom it
Tias Ju*t lost. ....-; . * ¦'. «, > , : W. T. STEAD.
LOS-ANGELES, April 4.— Coroner Holland
to-day . received a telephone message from the
Whittlfer Reform School, ' Baying that John C.
Ost, an inmate of that institution, died, last
night from the. effects of a -wound accidentally
administered by another . boy In the school
while they. were in the Carpenter shop the day
before. Beyohd the fact that the. wound was
inflicted with a chisel no particulars wore sent.
•LOS ANGELES. April 4.— Los Angeles will
have additional' train service to Chicago be
ginning April . 13, when the Rock Island will
run i Into Arcade station - via El Paso. The
route will convey passengers between Chicago
and Los Angeles in three days.
BANTA ROSA, April 4:— Philip J. Schldeman
& I Bro. of I San Francisco have purchased the
Santa Rosa "Woolen Mills. The plant is a
large oneand the mills have an enviable repu
tation : in - the manufacture of blankets > and
robca. - / ' ' ' *
PLOTTERS TOIL IH CANADIAN PRISON
appreciation of the advantages
which I implicitly believe will result from
?>;•£?, 3? ?* \£ he En f »sh-speaklng people
throughout the world, and to encourage in
students from the United States, who w 11
benent by these scholarships, an attach
ment to the country from which r they
have sprung, but without, I hope, witn
th«^ n r£ £ em , ? r th , elr sympathies from
¦Vje Jand -of -their adoption or birth." -
.^Thewiir provides the executors
pay, at their discretion. | delay .establish
ing any territorial scholarships until such
« m . e as they may think fit, but It pro
vides also that the territorial scholarships
once established, shall not lapse- upon th*
admission of. the territory to statehood . *
«>, ii°! r PfOviBlon^. is • that no i student
shall be qualified or disqualified for elec
fc t 8 °o?iinI C o h n? larShlP ° n aCC ° Unt Of re 
nn^* s desires that the students should
31 ?\ Patronize any particular . college but
?e™ r itv Ut VhV? sei r es throu ?, ho "t the un,
y.f A T y# ' Tne trustees are allowed to sus
cretLn r Tem °™ any scholar i'.ft their ;dis-
New Men Succeed Striking Engineers
Wj Mont:;; April; 4.-New; men 'are
rapidly .being found to fill • the ¦ places of
the hoisting: engineers of the Amalgamat
ed-Copper, Mining Company,', who. three
days ago. walked out and tied .up nine of
the biggest . of • that company
The Brotherhood of Engineers Is doing all
in: its power to assist the company in se
curing crews; A force has been assigned
to-the Parrot' and. it is expected hoistim?
will commence; to-night.'. A-. crew has alsf
been found for the Moonlight... By Sun
day it is thought all of the mines will be.
fully equipped,' though it- may be 'a "few
r^ninliuirbiast; *he .^^ ~ /
¦ .Squiers is now in New York on afthree
months' leave of absence. He is indorsed
by prominent Senators, who have pointed
out to the President that their candidate
is a' diplomat of experience and a linguist
r-the kind of material, which ;he recently
announced he desired. Sq-uiers is a young
man, but it i3 said that he did good work
in Peklng^while serving as first secretary
and Charge d'Affaires. . .
Evans does not speak Spanish and has
had no . diplomatic experience, but he has
shoWn that he possesses ability and the
courage of his convictions, the man
serving as Minister to Cuba must, it is
said, have both these qualities. .
Colonel Melville Gillette, -who /.is at
tached to the staff of the Governor of
Ohio, came to Washington to-day to urge
his : appointment as Consul in Cuba. Gil
lette has^some influence, but it is doubt
ful If he will get an appointment.
• ' CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
-W., .WASHINGTON, April 4.— Albert B.
Squiers of New York, first secretary of
the American legation in Peking, may be
the first Minister of the United States to
Cuba.. No definite , decision, has been
; reached, but his friends are confident that
the. President will give. him the appoint
ment. Squier3' most formidable opponent
is Pension Commissioner Evans, to whom
the' President offered a diplomatic post
when he received bis resignation.
Special .Dispatch to The Call.
Some hot and bitter words passed be
tween County Attorney Conley and As
sistant Chief of Police Sution to-day, but
there was no show of weapons or . other
physical demonstration, although it was
feared.
"We. have made progress, but we have
not yet solved the problem of who aided
Dunn in his escape. We will not quit
until we find out. ., There is something
very rotten in the matter and .we must
clear it up." . r . -
To-day both the police and ; Sheriff's
forces began active work in. the case, but
they-' are principally watching one • an
other, the Sheriff evidently believing that
the police know where Dunn is and vice
versa. ¦ ¦• ¦ . j- . '.
: Special Dispatch to The Call. r y
WICHITA, Kans.; April 4^— Until \ mid
night Governor Stanley and Assistant
State Attorney General Hamilton con
tinued investigating John P. Dunn's es-_
cape from the St. Francis Hospital. They
found that Dunn was;aided in his escape
by people within the- hospital, . but. not
officially connected with it. The Governor
said at midnisht:
Governor Stanley Says
Prisoner Undoubtedly
Received Hei p. ,
Urge His Appointment
as American Minis
ter to Cuba.
SENATORS MAKE
SQUIERS' FIGHT
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Postofflces es
tablished: Washington— Downs, Lincoln
County; Zone.. Stevens County; Tindell,
Asotin County. Postmasters commis
sioned: 'California— Nellie A. Armstrong,
Shafter. Oreg-on — Pearl E. Fletcher,
Ridge. Washington— James M. Wade,
Downs; James Morrison, Zone; Martin W
Tindell, Tindell. Appointed: California-
Walter Roden. Oriental, Glenn County,
•Vice T. G. Perry, resigned. Oregon—Ben
jamin Rot>ert8, Templeton, Coos County
.vice E- A. Taylor, resigned. .Washington
— J. D. . Coburn, Fort Simcoe, Yakima
.County,. vice F. L. Hcfling, resigned.
. These pensions were granted to-day-
California, -original— Martin T. Brown
dead, Fairfield. «; William H. Himes,
dead, San Francisco. $12; John Bolander
Diamond Springs, $8; Samuel M. Cook,
dead. . Chico, $12. Increase— Charles D
Platt. Los Angeles, $12; James F. Guthrie
San Joaquin, $10. Widows— Lydie E
Himes, San Francisco. $8; minor of Sam
uel SC. Cook, Chico, $10; Eliza A, Karll
Alhambra. $S; Elisa J. Darlington. Los
Angeles, $S; Samantha B. Hower, River
side, $8. Oregon, original— William C. Cu
sick. Union, $6. Washington, original (war
with Spain)— Fred Waxmuth, Auburn, $10
Increase (Mexican war)— Thomas L. Gan
non. <Wd, Spokane. *12. Widows— Abigail
C. Bell. Reardon, $S; Mexican war—Remi
gia J. Meacham, Spokane, $§.
Army orders— First Lieutenant Basil O
Lenoir.- Signal Corps, is relieved from
duty in the Philippines and ordered to San
Francisco for further orders.
Several Changes Made in the Postal
Service and More New Pen
£-£¦;¦ sions Granted.
OF 1NTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Their Banks Have Been Weakened,
However, by the Secession of
the Ultramontanes.
LONDON, April 4.— A correspondent ot
the London Standard, during the cours*?
of a long review yesterday of- the Situa
tion in Spain, said the Carlists and Re
publicans had so far_ shown no disposi
tion to disturb the accession of the young
King Alfonso to the throne, though some
rumors had lately come from Barcelona
concerning the restlessness of the Carlists
in their old haunts In the Catalonian
Mountains. But, the correspondent point
ed out, Carlism after all, in the opinion
of the majority of Spaniards, cannot
amount to much so long as no revolutions
occur at Madrid and in the great towns
The correspondent further says the
Carlists have been seriously weakened by ,
the secession of the ultramontanes, one
of their most important groups. . . .: j •;
CABLISTS SHOW SIGNS :
. OF BECOMING ;RESTIrESS
INVESTING
DUNN'S ESCAPE
ERNARDH. LUCKE.. well known
for many years asj.aehoe mer
chant on Market street and a Na-
tive Son of prominence, died, after
a brief illness, at the French Hos
pital yesterday. The primary cause of
death was an abscess on the liver from
which dropsy resulted.; ". When j the symp- j
toms of this dread malady' manifested
themselves eleven j weeks, ago '. the *;isick
man was" taken to the hospital: named. in
the hope of finding .relief.'- Treatment
proved to be unavailing. . He sank grad
ually until yesterday noon, ; when ; the
dread summons came. ';..'• ',./-^j.;,j'.
The deceased was the- last v of -his-fam
ily. His father, Henry Lucke, founded -a
shoe business 1 here in 1850, and. conducted,
it with conspicuous success until' his death-
in 1883. The, business of the firm was then
carried on by the deceased until 1900, when
he-sold out- to engage ; in other business.
Singe ..then, the greater part of- his time
was spent in the country. In November
last he became lllandcame to this city
for medical attendance. | He grew worse
rapidly, with the result stated.
•Lucke was a native of this city, being
born October 31, 1859.. He was married to
Miss Marie >E. Escolle sixteen years ago,
and she a.nd two daughters, aged re
spectively 12 and 7 years, survive him. He
was well known in fraternal circles, hav
ing been made a member of San Francisco
Lodge No. 3, Benevolent and Protective
Order of .Elks; . Stanford Parlor No. 6,
Native Sons ¦ of .the Golden West; Occi
dental Lodge. No. 22, Free and Accepted
Masons,: and Golden Gate Commandery,
'Knights. Templar.
> -The funeral, will be held under the au
spices of the Masonic fraternity from the
Masonic, Temple -sit.? o'clock to-morrow.
The interment will take place at Cypress
Lawn.. .--',.•¦-•¦-.:.',
The honorary pallbearers chosen are: T.
Klrkpatrick.- C. Carpy. \J~ A. Trescony, J.
• Mueh, Er Thiele and W'J. Fallon.
¦ NATIVE TSON'AND FORMER SHOE
»L MERCHANT .WHO DIED YESTER
: ' -tJAY AFTER LONG ILLNESS.
A strong effort Is being made to identify
the members of the Landsthing, who are
suspected of furnishing information to
Congressman Richardson. So far it has
not been successful.
There was an exciting debate on the
Danish West Indies Islands treaty in the
executive session of the Landsthing to
day. The opposition members violently
attacked the treaty and plied the Foreign
Minister, Dr. Deuntzsr, with numerous
questions, to which he replied firmly and
clearly. There is great public interest in
the question and the agitation and ex
citement are intense. Both sides are con
fident of success.
Dr. Deuntzer, who occupies premiership,
knows that the iving throughout hla long
reign has never opposed the Ministry and
will not listen to the slightest whisper of
intrigue. ' Neither does he fear the anti
ministerial Senate. He considers that the
upper house will scarcely dare to wipe
out the enormous majority of '. the, lower
house, but will try to save its dignity
by proposing a pleoiscitiimof inhabitants
of the islands. This Dr. Deuntzer and his
colleagues in the Government might be
willing to accept.
• But the only person who really counts
and has direct influence is the -King.
This model monarch has ever subordi
nated his private desires and sentiments
to the policy of the interests of his-coun
try. In the present case he has -acted as
he has always done artd remained true
to his reputation. His feelings are re
pugnant to the sale, which hurts his
pride. But patriotism, calls of a politeo
economic convenience and the " over
whelming vote of the Folkething have
caused the King to side with the people.
In spite of his personal sentiments and
those of his entire family, he is. for the
sale and has given his approval. : ' :
It is quite true that intriguers are many
and now at the last moment petitions are
being sent to the King against the sale.
Family and other influences are being ex
erted in the same direction.
' COPENHAGEN.- April 4.— King* Chris
tian opposes the transfer of the Danish
Antilles, also the Crown Prince Frederick
and his son, Prince Christian. The entire
royal family shrinks from' the baro idea
of. cession. Princess Marie, wife, of
Prince Valdemar, singles herself out
specially among the members of the royal
family as an opponent of the sale, never
missing an opportunity of expressing her!
disapproval and doing her utmost to in
fluence all those she can reach against
the sale. She is .a clever woman and
feeing an Orleanlst Princess is fond of
intrigue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The fourth prayer is identical with the
third, with the exception that the Great
Northern Railway Company is substituted
for the Northern Pacinc Company.
5. That the," defendant, James J. Hill, be en
joined , Individually and as an officer and di
rector of' the defendant, the Great Northern
Railway. Company, from paying <pr permitting
any dividend or dividends to be paid out of ths
earnings or treasury. of said railway company
upon stock of said railway company, held by
the defendant, the ' Northern Securities Com
pany, taken by it in exchange for the stock
of said railway company, and, as an officer or
director of said railway company, . from receiv
ing at • any : directors' or stockholders' meeting
ol said railway company the vote of any shares
of stock of said railway company . taken by
said securities company in exchange for - its
Btock, . and as an officer or director or stock
holder in said Northern " Securities Company
dictating the policy of or directing the controll
ing tlu rates of. transportation, or the business
affairs of either of the defendant railway com
panies. ' , ' ¦• - " • ' . . i
\ 6. For such other relief as the nature of the
casjs may require and the court may deem prop
er in the premises. . ; - - ,;.*
Specially for Hill.
2. ' That the defendant, the Northern Secu
rities Company, its stockholders. . officers, direc
tors, executive committee and its agents and
servants and I each and every on«i» of them be
perpetually enjoined from acquiring receiving,
j holding, voting (whether, by proxy or.other-
Tfitc), or in any manner acting as the owner
! of any of the shares; of the- capital stock of
I cither the Northern Pacific Railway Company
j or the Great Northern Company; from voting
! at any meeting of the stockholders of either
I said Great Northern or Northern Pacific Rail
! way Companies, any of the capital of either of
i the coir.iianicn .whatever or attending by rea
¦ sjn of such ownership, profession or control of
stock, either through Its officers or by proxy,
! or in any other manner, any meeting of the
ttockholders of either of the said companies;
from in any way aiding, advising, directing, in
terfering with or in any way taking part, dl
riclly or Indirectly in any manner whatsoever.
In the t mfinagement. control or operation pf any
of tht lines of railway of either of said com
panies or 4n the management or control of the
affairs of either of said companies (or
in the management or control of the affairs
pf either of said companies); or from ex
ercising any of the powers, or performing any
of the duties or in any manner acting as a rep
resentative, officer, member of the board of di
rectors or employe of either of said Great
Northern .or Northern Pacific Railway Com
•panies. or in any way exercising any man
agement, direction or control over the same.
H. That the defendant, the Northern Pacific
Iiallway Company, its stockholders, officers, di
rectors, agents and servants, and either and
everyone of them, be perpetually enjoined from
I in any manner recognizing or accepting the
Northern Securities Company as the owjier or
holder of any shares of its capital stock and
from permitting such company to vote such
stock, whether by proxy or otherwise, and
from paying any dividends upon any such stock
to said company or its assign?, and from ree-
ccrnlzing as valid any transfer, mortgage,
pletfgi? or assignment of such stock; from fn
any wise combining with' the Great Northern
Railway Company, whether such combination
be attempted to be effected directly and
through the medium of the corporate bodies
thems.elve3, or through the action yif the con
stituent members or stockholders of such com
r-anles, and: that said defendant, its directors,
officers, agents,- attorneys and employes bo
similarly enjoined from effecting or consum
mating any form of combination or -agreement
which shall disturb the independent integrity
of • each defendant . and its independent man
agement and control, whether such agreement
shall take on the form herein alleged or any
other form.- and that hereunder the defendant
Northern Pacific Company, its officers direc
tors, agents, attorneys and employes be simi
larly enjoined from entering into any agree
ment directly or indirectly. destroying free and
unlimited competition between said defendant
and said Great Northern Railway Company by
I interchange of traffic, poolings or other earn
ings or division of profits, or otherwise. .
1. That it bejradjudged and. decreed that the
agi'ttnient^and. combination 'hereinbefore al
leged to be unlawful, and, all acts done and to
bo done in pursuance thereof, are contrary to
and in violation of the laws-of this State atid
of the United States.
Prayer for Injunction.
The court was asked to make orders re
straining the merger as contrary to law,
from the interchange of stock, from in
terference by one : road wfth the .other
road, and from the right of one set of
directors to vote in the other corporation.
The recital In this case Is almost identU
cal with that in the former case before
the United States Supreme Court, after
which the plaintiff prays:
j ST. PAUL, Minn., April-. 4.— The State
Of Minnesota to-day began its merge*
suit at home. The bill of complaint in the
suit; of the 'State; against the Great.
Northern and Northern Pacific Railway
companies, the Northern.; Securities Com
pany, J. J. Hill, as president of the North
ern Securities Company, and individually,
was served'this afternoon on the defend
ant Hill in his various capacities, and re.
turn made' to the Sheriff's office by Dep«
uty. Reichow.'.^ S Vf , '*' <*¦
, \V. -B; "Douglass and M.- D. Munn are
the solicitors; for the complainant and
George P. Wilson is of counsel.-
His object in laying down these conditions
was to secure the best men for the world's
•/Marks for the several .ejuallflcatlons^ehouid
be awarded independentlyas follows, that is -to
say, marks for the first qualification by exam
ination, for the second 'and third qualifications
respectively by the ballot of fellow-students of
the candidates, and for the fourth qualification
by the head masters of the schools, and the re
sult of the awards, that is to say. the -marks
obtained by each candidate for. each qualifica
tion,' should be added - together and : the - suc
cessful student be the one who received the
greatest number of marks, giving him the high
est all-round qualification." .
To Secure the Best Men.
! "In the election of a student to a scholarship
"regard should.be had to, first, his literary and
j scholastic attainments; second, his fondness for
; or success In manly outdoor sports, such" as
t cricket, football and the like; third, his quall
! ties of manhood, such as truth, courage devo
\ tion to duty, sympathy for and protection of
j the weak.' kindliness, unselfishness and fellow
i ship; fourth, his exhibition during school days
f of moral ' force of character and instincts to
i lead and Make. Interest In- his schoolmates for
• these latter attributes will likely in after life
• guide him to esteem the performance of public
\ duties as • his- highest aim. Marks for these'
• four qualifications shoyld be awarded somewhat
1n the following -proportion*: - Four-tenths for
< the first, one-lenth for the second. thr#e-tenths
1 for the third, and two-tenths for the fourth
: Influx of New Blood.
What will result tn the future ! presence of
Americans and colonials In what has so long
been one of the roost conservative and Anglican
centers of Great Britain the future- must de-
C cide. • The i influx of . so much American - and
colonial blood may. have very, important conse
quences; at which some' of the old Oxonians
| would stand aghast.- Having decided that each
rtate or colonial unit should have. one scholar-
I ship allowed to it every year, Mr. Rhodes' will
•proceeds to define th« terms upon 'which these
; scholarships should be allotted. .Mr. Rhodes
; always opposed the modern I idea of awardln*
Ian educational , prize solely. for literary attain
i menu. The tendency to award a scholarship
, solely for success In passing literary examlna
; tloas seemed to him to put a premium on book
;. worms. Hence he has drawn up a scheme for
the election "of- students for" his scholarships
; which is extremely original and very charae
•. teristlc of the ; man. It is as follows:
j Mr. Rhodes' will appoints . a well known
group cf seven of . his friends as general ex
; editors of bis estate. This group Is further
charged to undertake the duty of acting as
\ trustees for the educational endowment fund,
1 which will provoke the liveliest discussion and
i excite the keenest interest throughout both
I the United States' and the British empire, for
I both communities share In the benefit of Mr.
I Rhodes' bequest. Mr. Rhodes, was a graduate
| of Oxford and a student at Oriel College, to
t which, by the way, he has left a special be
i quest of $500,000. He has made Oxford Cnl
: versity. in whose glories the American de
j 6cendant» of its founders share equally with
! thost- who still inhabit the old country;.' the
: center of his educational sctieme and he has
left a sum 'which may • be roughly capitulated
as representing S10.000.000 for the foundation
of Anglo-American scholarships. Mr. Rhodes.
; it will be remembered, was so impressed with
; the value of a university education that, after
1 he had been compelled to break his course at
j Oxford by ill health, which rendered it im
¦ pot-pfWe for him to winter in England, he re
i turned every summer from South Africa, in
'¦ order to complete his university career. To his
I thinking the university, better than any other
I .Institution, naturally affords a vivifying cen- :
I ter of race unity. It is free from all political
| complications, and a residential university,
1 with the old traditions of Oxford, seemed to
him the best fitted for the purpose he had in
I view. When I discussed with him the question
I of the university which should "be selected as
I thi«; race center, the respective claims of Ox
: ford and Cambridge, or some American uni-,
j versity, were freely discussed. That Mr.'
I Rhodes settled the question in favor of Oxford
¦ wav due to his devotion to his old university,'
• and if these fellowships' had to be. tenable at
1 any one center it would be difficult to cavil
at his choice. Mr. Rhodes, therefore, having
selected Oxford as hi* race center, from his
love of his old alma mater, has drawn up a
broad outline of the general conditions on
which these scholarships should be awarded.
TIm central principle of his scheme is that
every English-speaking colony and every Btatp
and Territory In the American Union should
be offered a scholarship of the value of $1500
a year, tenable for three years, at Oxford. I5y
¦ thle means Mr.- Rhodes believed it^would be
possible to make Oxford the. center of the
spirit of race unity, where students from every
'¦ part of the 'English-speaking world would meet '
'•en common Rrpund, in .the- most- famous of the
I'old universities. ' ••:*,, •?..¦*"
Friends as Executors.
Mr. Rhodes' first will was made in Septem
ber, 1S77, when he waa a young man of. 24.
At that time he was only beginning to amass
the wealth which, before he died, had made
him a multimillionaire, not in dollars, but in
pounds sterling. His last will was dated July
1, i&'Jtt. But the two documents are essentially
alikt in sentiment. They both embody. In ex
press terms, what was ever the master thought
of this rnaster mir.d — the necessity for promot
ing the reunion of the English-speaking race.
The will of Cecil Rhodes is in every respect
worthy of its author. With the exception of
seme family estates in this country, the whole
of which is left to his own relatives. Mr.
Rhodes has dedicated his wealth in diamond
and sold mines to public uses. Its disposition
is dictated by what was ever the dominating
principle of his life.
What renders this will of exceptional Inter
est to Americans is the Yact that it reveals for
the first time, under his hand and seal, that
he v.as nr> mere British Imperialist, but that
he was essentially a citizen of the English
speaking world. In other -words, his will
proves how accurately I interpreted his senti
ments when I declared, on the strength of
roanj' intimate and confldential conversations,
that, he - rocngnlzed as his common fatherland
the great English-speaking community, which
includes both tbe United States and the British
empire witliin its ample frontier. : • • ¦ • •. ;
W. T. Stead wrote the following for the
Associated Press:
Explained by Stead.
All the Rhodes scholarships, American,
colonial and German, aie at Oxford.
Rhodes' will is a remarkable ahu volumin
ous document of more than 2500 words.
Even this is not the entire will, as tne
executors only gave out the portions
which they consider to b6 of" puonc in
terest. There is a codicil attached on the
day of the deceased's last departure from
England, and another cabled from Cape
Town leaves £4000 yeany to keep up tne
spot in the Matoppo Hiils where his re
mains are to be buried.. The will further
directs that a railroad extension be made
into the Matoppo Hills, so -that 'visitors
may go there at the week-end to inspect
the "majesty and glory of their surround
ings." •
Khodes explicitly says he is to be buried
.in an aperture cut in the solid rock, sur
mounted by a brass tablet bearing the
words: •
"Here lie' the remains of Cecil John
Rhodes."
No one else is to be buried there who
has not deserved well of his country.
Rhodes bequeaths all his landed prop
erty near Buluwayo and Salisbury, both
in Matabeleland, to trustees, whom he di
rects to cultivate the land for the instruc
tion of the people of Rhodesia. His cele
brated country place near Cape Town
Rhodes leaves as a residence for the
"Prime Minister of the Federal Govern
ment of South Africa," with £1000 yearly
for its maintenance. i
LONDON. April 4.— The will of Cecil
Rhodes provides for the establishment of
coloiiial scholarships, as previously an
nounced, and two American scholarships
to each of the present Stales and Terri
tories of the United States. \ The will of
Rhodes also provides for nvt scholarships
for students of German birih- at 'Oxford
to be nominated by Emperor. "William and,
commenting on the bequest, Ithodes in a
codicil telegraphed , from South Africa
said: "For a good understanding be
tween England, uermany and tne united
States win secure tne peace of the worid,
and educational relations form tne strong
est tie." . . ' .
Present Form.
Violent Debate in the Landsthing in
Which Opposition Members*
Attack the Treaty in Its
Company.
Northern Securities
Latest Move in .the Battle to Prevent
; the Carrying Out of Plans of
Promotion and Unity of the English -
Speaking Races the Besire of the
.Financier.
Late South African
SALT LAKE, Utah, Ai>rll 4.— Clyde Fell,
a bey barely 15 years eld, to-day confesseu
to the police that it was he who cut the
throat of Samuel Collins, the aged watcii
ir.an of the Wasatka Mineral Springs,
whose body was found last Sunday in a' :
small cave in the hillside above Warm
Springs. .The. .deed was done,, the . boy
cla'ms, only after repeated urging by the
old man, who told the boy that he Intend
ed to kill himself anyway, as he was tired
of living. After cutting Collins' throat.
Felt says, he took the old man's clothes
and hid them under a pile of bowlders,
walled up the entrance to the cave. as best
he couia wiped the blood off the razor
with his fingers, then went down the hill
and washed his hands in the stream.
Collins, he said, had given him a little
money for killing him.
Young Felt toid the police yesterday
that Collins had committed suicide after
arranging, with him to wall up the/en
trance to the cave so his body could not
be found. Karly this morning, in com
pany with iwo policemen, the boy went
out anxong the hills to locate Collins'
valist. which he claimed he had carried
up for the. old man the day of his death.
After several hours' search. Felt broke
down and confessed. Felt said: . ...
I killed the old man but I couldn't help it.
He made me do it. We didn't go up Easisn
¦ Ftfck at all, and I didn't have any valise to
tarry. The old man told me to tell that story
if his body was found: When we got up to
the little cave he began undressing. I ask. d
htm what he was dorns that for, and he said
he was polng to commit suicide." I said "Oh I
-€3on"t do that while I am up here." Then he
caid: "I want you to kill me. Here are some
txak'-s and some rope. You tie me down and
tb.-n cut my throat " I didn't like to do it; i
but he bersed so hard that I jnst couldn't '•
etand it. He -took the rope and wrapped it!
nround his legs and grot me to tie his arms to j
his tide. Then I took the razor. He kept on '
iH-gring. and finally I just' took the razor and ;
fe-a\e one <?lash across his throat and jumped j
<vut of the hole and ran. He had told me to '
bury hit= clothes, so I went and got th= pile j
and carried them away down the gully and 4
Iniritd them. Then I went back and the old j
man was dead. I took eome rocks and built *
v-£i; in front of the cave for about a foot. Bu;
1 pot scared and didn't finish it. so 1 came back
thf next day and finished walling up the hole
I Couldn't help dolnj? it. The old man could
make cie do anything he wanted to.
Felt insists that he was alone with Col
lins when the murder was committed
Nevertheless the police believe that the
boy has not told all of his story and are
working on the theory that others were
implicated. Behind the crime is a story
of moral degeneracy that has few paral
lels. Collins, according to the police, had
a number of the boys in the neighborhood j
completely under his influence, and ex
press the belief that his death was the
culmination of a plot on the part of the
"boys to kill the eld man and thus rid
themselves of his malign influence. » '
Young Felt, it is claimed by the police,
was a constant reader of dime novels. It
is stated by the County Attorney that a
charge cf murder in the second degree
will .be made against the boy.
Police Believe That Death of Watch
man Was tiie Culmination of a
Plot Concocted by Salt
Lake Youths.
Court Is Asked ' to Restrain
. Hill Frc m Interchange i .
- ¦* : .?v. J -^ of Stock.
King Christian, ;S However,
Puts Aside Personal Feel
ings and Consents.
Claims That the. Crime Was
. .Ccmmitted at Rrquest
of the Victm
t^end r Iwo Pupilp.
Each State ar.d Territory in
the United States May I
Intrigues Are Set on Foot
to Prevent the Sale
of Islands.
State's Action to Pre
vent Combination.
Papers Are 1 Filed m the
Clyde Felt Finally Ad
mits That He Killed
Samuel CoUins.
at Ox.drd.
Rhodes Leaves Ten Mil
* lions for Scholarships
MINNESOTA'S
SUIT AGAINST
THE MERGER
ROYAL DANES
SHRINK FROM
THE CESSION
YOUNG BOY
CONFESSES
TO MURDER
GIVES BIG
SUMS FOR
EDUCATION
DEATH ENDS CAREER OF BERNARD
H. LUCKE, PROMINENT NATIVE SON
Deceased Was Well Known for Many Years
• as a Shoe Dealer, oh Market Street and
/Member of Numerous Fraternal Orders
THE SAX FRAKGISCO, CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 5, 1902.
2
; To Cure Grip in Two Days.
Laxative Brorao-Qulnlr.e ' removes ; ths cause.
E, W. Grove's •Isnaturnon every box. -••--
. PAIITE'S CElEttY COMPOUND.
Terrible Tortures and Deatb
. Result From Atnte and
Chronic Rheumatism
When Neglected
in Spring.-
PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
THE GREAT YAXQUISHER OF ALL
FORMS OF RHEUMATISM.
The Marvelous Cure of '-- Mps.
Cook of Gardner, Kansas.
Rheumatism, terrible in its acute, and
longr enduring: in its chronic, form, is one
of the most baneful diseases that human
beings suffer from. It is a disease that
will not bear neglect, for if not treated
j promptly will remain till death to harass,
torture and make life, miserable.
Rheumatism is also a constitutional dis-
order and hereditary. Because of an in-
active condition of the kidneys and bowels
the blood is not purified and an acrid poi-
son is formed and deposited in the
muscles and joints, and thlc , "*""« the
inflammation and intense agon!e3- that
thousands are obliged to endure. Too
often. the effects of rheumatism are fatal,
especially when the dread disease affects
the heart; then death is stidden. Many
other serious complications result from
this terrible disease, such as pneumonia,
pleurisy, meningitis and diaphragmitla,
and these often prove rapidly fatal.
Racked and tortured, reader, what are
you doing to get rid of your danger? Phy-
! sicians camlidly admit their inability to
cure. The ordinary medicines of the day
may give you relief for a few hours or
days; they cannot banish \he disease from
your blood, joints and muscles; they can-
not take the swellings from your knees,
elbows or wrists, or, make supple the stif-
fened and twisted limbs. You cannot
longer afford to experiment; death is the
sure result of experiment and neglect.
To-day your only hope Ile3 in the imme-
diate use of" Dr. Phelps' wonderful rheu-
matism banlsher— Paine's Celery Com-
pound. This tested and world-famed van-
quisher of rheumatism, ' neuralgia and
other troubles that arise from impure and
poisoned blood is now fully recognized by
the medical profession as a positive, and
! unfailing cure. The following Important
letter sent by Mrs. Cook is but one of the
many thousands received from prominent
and well-known people in every State of
the Union ¦ who have been cured . by
Paine's Celery Compound. Mr?. Cook
says :
"I was sorely afflicted with rheumatism
some time ago, so much so that T was un-
able to go about the house; I had to be
carried. I tried all kinds of medicines and
; liniments to no effect. For months I was
j helpless, unable to turn myself in bed.
j ana suffering with pain which was almost
unendurable. Finally, by chance. I noticed
• an advertisement of Paine's Celery Com-
| pound and concluded to try it. After using
! one bottle it seemed to be helping me. and
J I continued to use it until I had no more
I rheumatic pains. Since then I have been
I able to do my housework and have* been
free from rheumatism."- .
niamnnrinvpc^ olor ' c *tf»Rr"ana- ribbons
I UlalllUliU Lj|uO Easy, Excellent. Economical.
— — — . —^*^T Jj
IT'S WELL
To know the perfect finish and cleanli-
ness we impart to every piece of .linen
that leaves our hands. . .: -
We've the knack of attaining perfection
in this important part of a gentleman's
attire and the patronage of particular
people which we retain ought to convince
you that we can please you.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES~LAUNDBY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4 Martcet Street.
Telephone-South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Avo.
GOSoaancEA and uhisaey x>ischae8ss
A CURE IN 43 HOURS.
9*M^B3MftM*MMMBB9IK9PMMMMKiC*'~- -»,_ . . . •
El ErsEflf A ttt m Ta Kf m*»T*S
a D 5 E5J S*fel Kb Ej£a B B f!U*3
Jb CHICHE3TEH'3 ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
a ,-<StK . . «r» Ci- '«*»« «"»3 only ««»«iiir
sag.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
1^ EARXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
¦^ modeled and renovated. KINO,- WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $X 50 dav
$5 to JS week; *8 to |20 month. Free baths :
hot and cold water : every room: flre grate* in
every room; elevator ruaa all night.
Second in List cf Best I
— ?\'
Selling Books. '
m¥mm
The Romance of a Pirate's Daughter : -'
A. L KELLER f
H.S. POTTER $5 rf^ I \ '
D. APPLETOH fi COMPAMY-
K Publishers, New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
©et a Go od
Jbr a tittle Jfflane?/
An excellent trunk; all heavy brasi
trimmings,, two extra trays, doubl«
strapped; a good value for $9.50; offered
until Saturday evening for
;$7.OO.
Also a regular $3.50 trunk— and a good
value for the money— reduced until Sat-
urday evening to
$2.5O.
126 ElllS St. Aboveftmrii
Meo'sDiseases
& .* \\~ \ • - • TtT)
¦ Jill TALCOTT
fflff & CO. I
'.'.']'. . . — o
997 Market [St., fla,
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces andjooking,
There is no fuel that will compare with coke
Delivered in any quantity. Country orders
solicited. P. A. McDONALD. 813- Folsom st.Continued From Page One.
maker, the tailor . and all other skilled ami
unskilled mechanics. When tne bill cornea up
for discussion under the flve-mlnute rule I shaiL
have something- to say in favor of such a pro-'
vision. 1 ' In ' conclusion let me 1 say that our
exclusion : laws have been a boon to the
laborers of 'this country. They now ask -us to
continue extending- our sheltering aegis over
them . and 1 1 feel that there is not a .patriotic,
loyal, •; liberty-loving American who does not
wish to see. the worklngmen of this country.
Its "hewers of wood and drawers of water,"
protected ! against this unequal competition.
California Optical Co. will formally open
their new store at 20.5Kearny st. Saturday
evenlnsr. April 5. You are cordially invited.*
WASHINGTON, Aprils— The House to
day < began consideration . of • the. Chinese
exclusion bill. "No opponents of [ the gen
eral . principle of exclusion appeared, but
members were' divided in their suDuort of
Plea for Exclusion.
Kahn of California"; Makes a Stron g
ARGUED IN THE .HOUSE.
PARIS. April 4.— F. H. Kaemmerer. an
artist, committed suicide . here to-day' in
his studio --by hanging. M. Kaommerer
was a successful exhibitor at the Salon
and a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor.
His suicide is . attributed to private
troubles.
Parisian Artist Hangs Himself.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, April 4.— A second
batch of Haytian exiles arrived here to
day from Jaomel. Hayti. The Govern
ment of that republic is ordering scores
of suspected conspirators to leave the
country. The conditions in Hayti are re
ported to be very disturbed.
Haytian Exiles Reach Kingston.
MANILA, April 4.— Senor Valdez, the
editor of a Spanish weekly paper here,
convicted of libeling two Filipino mem
bers of the Philippine Commission, Benito
Lagarda and Dr. Pardo de Tavera, for
mer president of the Liberal party, has
been fined 4000 pesetas. The Judge said
that the offer to prov«vthe truth of the
assertions made aggravated the original
offense. ,
Manila Editor Is 'Fined for Libel.
KINGSTON. Jamaica^ April 4.—A—dis
patch has been received at Barbadoes
from the Colonial: Secretary, Joseph
Chamberlain, stating that In consequence
of the abolition of sugar bounties it is not
desirable that the West Indian colonies
further prolong the period allowed for the
ratification of the reciprocity convention
with the United States. This view is gen
erally accepted here. - -• ¦ - . :
Extension of Time Is Not Desirable.
SAN RAFAEL, April 4.— John Riley, a
citizen of Ban Francisco, but formerly a
resident of San Rafael, lost both of his
legs in a railway accident this evening.
Riley. it seems, was attempting to board
a California Northwestern train. . He
waited until it had gained considerable,
speed and then, calling out to some ac
quaintances "Watch me jump her," he
swung on. . His foot slipped and he went
underneath, but still held to the guard
rail and was dragged for nearly a block.
Being unable to regain his feet or board
the train, he became exhausted and let go.
The train ran over both legs.
Falls Under the Train.
LOS ANGELES, April 4. — The woman who
was cut to pieces by a Southern Pacific train
several days ago and whose body was buried
by the county to-day was identified as Juana
Tapaya of San Gabriel.
That all laws now in force /prohibiting and
regulating the coming of Chinese persons and
persons of Chinese descent .into ,the , United
States and the. residence of such persons there
in be and the same are hereby extended and
continued in full force and effect' until' ths
7th ' day of • December, ¦ 1904, and bo . long ¦ as
the ' treaty Vbetween China and the. United
States, concluded March 17, 1894, may.be con
tinued in force by virtue of- the extension
thereof. — tf
Without concluding the reading of the
bill the Senate, at 3:25 p. m., went into
executive session ,' and at' 5 p: m. ' ad
journed. . '-. .
-In responseto an inquiry, by Quay, ; Pen
rose, in charge of the measured said he
could not accept the amendment, as not a
member of ' the Immigration Committee
was in favcr of it.
-'"How many Chinese will the amend
ment let in?" inquired Mitchell.
"I hope it will have the effect," replied
Quay, "of Christianizing the entire Chi
nese Empire."
"It would let in at least a million," sug
gested Mitchell.
"Quite likely y 350,000,000." interjected
Hale. •
Platt of Connecticut introduced the fol
lowing as a substitute for the bill:
"That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to exclude. Chinese Christians,
or Chinese who assisted in the defense or
relief of the foreign legations of the
Pe-tang Cathedral, in the City of Peking,
in the year 1900."
Quay gave notice of the following
amendment as an additional section:
QUAY'S AMENDMENT.
which seeks to throw the folds of protec
tion around the laborer of this country
and also : to protect from pollution the
morality of the republic and of the people
which otherwise must inevitably result
from an admixture with our people of un
limited numbers of a race wholly incapa
ble to assimilation, who never can be
come citizens and. whose vices are a dead
ly and dangerous' menace to i our people
and our Government."
. In conclusion Mitchell" warned the Re
publicans of the Senate that if they failed
to pass the proposed bill, which had been
agreed upon by a. non-partisan commis
sion, and insisted on forcing the passage
of a statute "which is inadequate and. In
efficient, then at the coming election look
out for such .a vote of condemnation of
the Republican party on the Pacific Coast
as you have not heard since the over
throw o.f the Republican party in 1SS4."«
The reading of the exclusion bill -was
begun and various committee amend
ments and amendments on phraseology
were agreed to. -
We of. the Pacific Coast . are perhaps more
deeply concerned ' In this J question Hhan any
other people. We feel their presence amoni
us more - than ¦ any other section of the coim
-try. Under the census of 1900 there were" 4,V
091,349 inhabitants west of the Rocky Moun
tains. Included in this, population are 67,720
Chinese.- ¦ while but- 22,134 Chinese are dis
tributed among the \ 77,0tK,445 inhabitants
throughout the other States of the Union -
¦ We have probably "learned ; to : know ' the
Chinaman ¦ better . than ¦ our fellow-citizens - else
where.- He Is a present.' llvins, \ vital ¦ problem
with us ; and we feel that; our cause ls« also
the cause of the laborer 'and the- wageworker
in., the Eastern ' States: j It is : -only-: the sordid
and i the ' selfish . who ¦ prefer., a low ; standard of
wages and a low Rradeiof morality— men who
want cheap labor because lit wiir increase their*
Individual > profits— who ; would open" loopholes
in. the barriers ¦ we "have: erected. ..after i; many
years • of > hard, bitter, . practical ¦. experience.' -
i I had' hoped that the ' committee > would have
eeen fit to allow the section giving to American
seamen that same measure of protection against
Clark of Missouri, . a member: of the
committee, who made a minority report
in favor of the Senate bill, which Is more
drastic. than the House measure, followed
Perkins. , He predicted that if the Su
preme. Court: would decide that the citi
zens and subjects of Spain in the Philip
pine Islands became American citizens by
annexation/thus allowing the free. entry
of Chinamen into the United States from
the Philippines, the islands would "be un
loaded. - ,
Clark maintained that the people of the
Pacific Coast understood the Chinese prob
lem better than the people of the. other
sections, just as, . he said,, the people of
the South were more competent to . deal
with 'the negro' question than those, of
the North. ' : For | that .reason he favored
the bill which the representatives of , the
Pacific. Coast had' prepared.' If -the sub
stitute bill failed, Clark said he .would
offer the provision, to prohibit Chinese
crews on American ships as an amend
ment to the majority bill. : He character
ized the threat of the Pacific Mail Com
pany to sail under English register if the
provision ; went into, the bill, as a "bluff,
pure " and simple." .¦ > •¦. ¦ --. > • «•>,.
. After. some remarks by Adams of Penn
sylvania in favor of- the majority bill.
Kahn of California made an exhaustive
speech in support of the minority bill. He
reviewed>the whole history of the'-Chi
nese exclusion legislation and concluded
as follows: " ,
Perkins of New York, who drew the re
port upon the bill, explained the measure
In detail. . .,-
Hitt, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, who had charge of the
bill, said the committee was unanimous
in the opinion that the admission of Chi
nese laborers into this country would be
a serious evil. One of the main problems
which the committee had to solve, .he
said, was in connection with the admis
sion of the privileged classes, merchants,
travelers, omcials, teachers and students,
bo as to prevent fraud; and at the same
time to avoid harassing and tormenting
bona fide Chinese merchants. , . '
the 'two bills presented. Hitt of Illinois,
Perkins of New York and Adams of Penn
sylvania supported the majority bill, and
Clark of Missouri, Kahn of California and
Naphen of Massachusetts spoke for the
minority substitute. . .
PEKING. April 4.— The negotiations con
cerning the Manchurian treaty between
China and Russia have been concluded.
The terms of the treaty are understood to
be satisfactory to the United, States,
Great Britain and Japan.
Manchurian Treaty Concluded.
SANTA MONICA. April 4.-James A.
Bennett went swimming from the Ocean
Park beach yesterday morning. He did
not return, and it is* believed he was
drowned. His clothing was found in the
cattage where he stopped. Bennett was
a railroad man, unmarried and about 28
years of age.
r- ..
Loses Life in the Surf.
BOISE, Idaho, April 4.— A couple of
miners from Wood River made the state
ment in a hotel lobby to-day that the
Ketchum route was the best. They were
willing to wager, they said, that if two
men left Boise for Thunder Mountain,
one going by way of Weiser, Council and
Warren and the other by way of Ketch
um and Cape Horn, the latter would get
Into camp first. Within fifteen minutes"
12000 . was raised by Thunder Mountain
miners who had come out by the Weiser
route. The Ketchum men have sent home
for money to cover the bet. The Boise
money is on deposit in the Overland Hotel
safe. If -the Ketchum pot is raised one of
the most unique races in the history of
the Northwest will take place.
Determine Which Is the
Shortest.
Will Travel by Different Routes to
MINERS TO START A RACE
FOR THUNDER MOUNTAIN
KANSAS CITY. April 4.— John R.
Cason, aged 13 years, committed suicids
here to-day by hanging. He left a nets
saying he had taken his life becausa of
his inability to get work. He was found
hanging to the rafters of a barn on the
lot adjoining his mother's home at 2113
Woodland avenue. Cason's mother Is a
widow. ' He has two sisters, who ar©
clerks in the Treasury Department at
Washington.
Despondent Youth Commits Suicida.
STOCKTON. April 4.— The story that
George McFeely and his first wife sepa
ratr-d and both remarried without the
formality of a divorce, each being under
the impression that the other had ob
tained the legal separation, is denied by
McFeely. who says that he was aware of
his wife having cbta)wed a divorce before
his second venture. It now appears that
there was nothing t,o justify the wide
spread publicity given to the McFeelys'
domestic affairs.
Facts Explode a Sensation.
LITTLE BOY KIDNAPED BY HIS FATHER, AND BRAVE WOMAN
• WHO PURSUED THEM 'INTO. T.HE, HEART OF THE SIERRA .NE
VADA MOUNTAINS AND RECOVERED HER CHILD.
CHICAGO. April 4.— Howard Elliott, for
seveu years general manager of the Mis
souri lines of the Burlington road, has
been mada second vice president of th*
Chicago. Burlington and Quincy Railroad
Company, with headquarters in Chicago..
As second vice president Elliott will suc
ceed George B. Harris, who left the posi
tion in February. 1901, to become presi
dent of the company. Elliott will hava
charge of the operation of the «ntir»
Burlington system and will report direct
to President Harris.
Railroad Han Receives Promotion.
Carter's Condition Is Improved.
LEAVENWORTH, Kan3.. April 4.--
Warden McClaughrey of the Federal
prison .said to-night ,he believed- Oberlin
M. Carter's condition was 'somewhat im
proved.- His temperature is 102.. H. S.
Stone, Carter's attorney, arrived this
morning from Chicago and spent the en
tire day at his client's bedside, preparing
the papers for the pending suit about
which Carter is so anxious.
Avery Known in Sausalito.
SAUSAL.ITO, April 4.— Lieutenant How
ard S. Avery, who was drowned near De
troit, Mich., yesterday, was well known
lrj this city. He was a son of Francis
Avery and a brother of Mrs. H. C. Camp
bell. His body will be brought to Cali
fornia for interment.
The American laborer and mechanic in his
new and comfortable home, seated at his fire
side, surrounded by his wife and Httle ones, is
the peer of any w.age-worker In any part of the
world. Let us keep him so. .
Naphen of "Massachusetts, the last
speaker of the day, also . supported the
minority bill.
At 5:15 o'clock the House adjourned.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— There was a.
slight Improvement in the condition of Rev.
T. Dewitt Talmage to-day. ' : I
"It will take about thirty- days to get
tbe tysttm working between Los Angeles
Ccd the island. We will follow up this
•w-ork by establishing lines between San
Diego and Los Angeles, Los Angeles and
San FraiK-isco and from there work our
way -up the coast by stretches, finally
enuring Alaska."
LOS ANGELES, April 4.— General Man
ager Albert L. New, also vice president
ol the 'Pacific and Continental Wireless
Telephone and Telegraph Company, is in
Los Angeles concluding final preparations
for the establishment of a system be
tween Catalina Island and this city. The
machinery for the two stations has been
prepared and is awaiting shipment at
Denver, Colo., where are located the gen
eral offices cf the company. Before leav
ing for Catalina Island. New said:
Company.
General Manager New Maps Out the
- Extensive Plans of His
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
ALONG ENTIRE COAST
WU TING FANG HEARS THE EXCLUSION ARGUMENTS
AFTER a tedious trip of four hun
dred miles into the heart of the~
Sierra Nevada Mountains, ¦ Mrs.
Nellie * Vanderwerker has re
covered possession of her 11-year
old son, Thomas, who mysteriously dis
appeared from his home, 260 Fifth street,
Oakland, two weeks ago.- The bQy was
abducted by E. J. Vanderwerker, his
father, the parents having been separated
for five years. "
It was by means of a letter the lad had
surreptitiously sent to his mother after
he had been taken to Bella Vista, a little
hamlet near Redding, in the lumber couiv
try, that she got the first clew to her.
missing- boy's whereabouts. , ¦. Nothing
¦daunted by the problem ahead, Mrs. Van
derwerker, accompanied by her father,
Thomas Lane, started immediately upon
the trail. It was a long, hard, perilous
trip, and its successful culmination is due
alone to the hardihood of the mother, who
had determined to pursue - her fugitive
husband until she recovered her boy. / 
' The mother and her father arrived at
Bella Vista and enlisted the services of
the Sheriff and the local peace officers.
The boy was espied by the officers in the
town, but upon their approach he fled
and started off Into the mountains, fear
ing, as he afterward explained, that the
ofncers'were sent by his father to over
haul him. It was a boyish vagary based
on the exciting adventures he had passed
through since his parent took him away
from Oakland.
Then the country was aroused. The
story of the mother's pursuit enlisted thu
sympathy of the country folk. Farmers
and cattlemen joined the SMeriff's depu
ties and Mrs. Vanderwerker in, the hunt
for the child, who was only found after
the whole country side had been scoured.
The frightened fugitive youngster was
half, starved and well nigh exhausted
when the searching parties came upon
him. There was a joyful reunion of the
lad and his half-crazed . mother who had
had a hand in the disappearance, but
could not get a clew to the parent's loca
tion after he left Sacramento.
"The boy is safe at home again." said
Mrs. Vanderwerker yesterday, "and that
is all there is to it.' r j
"Yes, I wt-nt after him," she added
modestly, "and we shall try to keep him
with us now." .
Murderer's Speedy Conviction.
PHILADELPHIA. . April 4.— William H.
Lane, the colored servant who on Tues
day last murdered Mrs. Ella J. Jarden
and her daughter, Madeline, and so badly
wounded another daughter, Eloise, that
she died to-day, was convicted of murder
In the first degree this afternoon, after a
trial lasting less than one and a halt hours.
Lane pleaded guilty yesterday afternoon
and was placed on ¦ trial at 1 o'clock to
day. Because of Lane's plea of guilty no
jury was drawn and only three witnesses
were called for the purpose of determining
the degree of murder. At 2:30 o'clock
Judge Blddel sentenced the murderer to
death. The date of His execution will ba
fixed by Governor Stone.
Clineschmidt says he offered to pay
Braun's bill, but that Williams insisted
upon making the arrest.
Clineschmidt was disarmed and led into
his hotel, while the officer was taken to
a doctor's office. His wound may prove
serious. /
REDDING, April 4.— Almost a tragedy
occurred in the Temple Hotel this after
noon. Landlord H. Clineschmidt laid open
Constable H. F. • Williams' right temple
with the muzzle of a .double-barrel shot
gun, with hammers drawn. As he lowered
the weapon it was discharged through the
barroom door and the charge of goose
shot passed within four inches of Al Ir
win'3 body. '
Constable Williams had come from Dela
mar to- arrest'Gus- BrauiT for "'jumping"
a beard bill.- Braun was stopping at tne
Temple. According to Williams, Land
lord Clineschmidt became abusive, said ha
wanted to thrash Williams and started in
to <lo it. Williams landed on Cline
schaiidt's right eye with his fist. The
landlord drew a knife and the Constable
kept him off by drawing his pistol. The
landlord ran into the hotel office, and,
coming back " with a double-barrel shot
gun, followed the Constable around the
corner to the barroom door. Swinging
the gun with hammers cocked, he dealt
Williams a terrific blow on the right tem
ple, cutting a gash to the skull three
inches long. As he lowered the gun it
was discharged. . .
Stopping a Charge of
Shot.
REDDING HOTEL MAN ' "
ASSAULTS A CONSTABLE
Innocent Bystander Barely Escapes
Congress Requests Secretary of Stats
to Furnish Information on the.
- Subject!
WASHINGTON, April 4.—Representa
tive Cochran of Missouri to-day intro
duced the following resolution:
! That the Secretary of State be and he hereby
13 requested to inform the House of Repre
sentatives whether the State Department has
received from official or other sources informa
tion as to the reliability of reports which have
recently appeared in the public prints to the
effectrthat in American territory, near the bor
der or Alaska British and Canadian officials
.(exercising authority by an agreement entered
into by the Government of the United States
and British Governments) | are making surveys
and encroachments upon territory not included
In said agreement; and are removing and de
stroying ancient landmarks and monuments
long ago erected by the Russian Government to
mark the Alaskan boundary. And that the
Secretary of State be also requested to inform
the- House what steps. If any. the State De
partment has taken to ascertain the facts \as
to the alleged fresh encroachments upon Ameri
can territory and the alleged removal and de
struction of landmarks and monuments, and to
prevent the same. . / ¦ »
ALLEGED ENCROACHMENTS
UPON AI£EKECAN TERRITORY
LONDON. April 4.-Mlss Ellen M. Ston<t
the American missionary, sailed for New
York on the Hamburg-American Una
steamer Deutschland, which left South
ampton to-day. Her departure from Lon
don was quiet. She was accompanied by
R. B. McClure and R. S. Baker. She will
begin lecturing, in aid of the missions, al
most immediately after her arrival in tna
United States. The rest which Miss Stone
had in England has improved her health,
though she was obliged to refuse count
less invitations to speak. Mr. Choate, tha
United States Embassador, and Mrs.
Choate, entertained Miss Stone at the em
bassy at tea Thursday, and she gave tha
diplomatic party a graphic yet simple ac
count of her experiences.
M. Santos-Dumont, the^ Brazilian aero
naut, was also a passenger on the
Deutschland.
Miss Stone on Way Home*
Mr. Harriman probably will go to Santa
Barbara in the morning. To-day Colonel
"Jack" Harrington came down from that
city and assured the party that every
thing was ready for its reception.
"I am unable to say when the Oregon
Short Line will reach Los Angeles. There
is between 400 and 3)0 miles to be built.
It raay be done in a year, but I can't say
until I have reached Salt Lake and have
learned what the trouble is there."
Mr. Harriman to-day admitted that an
enlargement of the Arcade depot was con
ipmplated. and said that a big part of the
jrS.txM.OOO which is to be put into improve
ments on the railroad would be spent on
the line between Los Angeles and New
Orleans. &«^£ •
"We are already"doing a great deal of
•work." he said, "on the southern line of
:he road in taking out curves and short
ening the line. Much of the new freight
and passenger equipment that is ordered,
and some of it already delivered, is for
i he southern lines. We are going to give
the best equipment that can be bought,
and enough of it to meet any demands.
LOS ANGELES. April 4.— E. H. Harri
man and pariy returned t is evening from
Catalina Island. Preparations were at
once made for a run to Santa Barbara,
tut the Southern Pacific president had
changed his plar.s, and while his family
and others of the party left at 10 o'clock
for the channel city he remained here
with H. E. Huntington and J. C. Stubbs.
Harriman Talks Fmrther of Southern
Pacific Plans.
MILLIONS TOR IMPROVEMENTS.
PARIS, April 4.— An interesting histor
ical revelation has been made by Count
de Keratry. a former^Prefect of Police, at
a banquet given by the Aero Club in
honor of the thirteen.surviving aeronauts
who left Paris during the siege of that
city in 1870-71. The Count, who descended
at Prillon, near Bar le Due, Department
of Meuse, after a perilous journey, said
he was intrusted by the national defense
with admission to go to Madrid and per
suade Marshal Prim to proclaim a repub
lic in Spain. Keratry had in the balloon
60,000,000 francs in treasury bonds, which
a detachment of ! Prussian Uhlans nearly
captured. The money' was intended to
equip and pay an army corps of 50,000
men, which Spain was to place at
France's disposition. Marshal' Prim re
fused to undertake the task, although
Senor Castelar and other Spanish Repub
licans supported the proposition. Marshal
Prim was assassinated three months aft
erward and his murderer was never dis
covered.
Count de Keratry Gives Details of
' His Perilous Trip From City
( in a Balloon.
TELLS INTERESTING STORY
OF THE SIEGE OF PARIS
J. Ross Clark believes that the Salt
Lake road will be constructed within a.
couple of years. He said to-day:
"I cannot see that anything will stop
us. The time will depend only on how
successful we are in getting materials.
The tangle of surveys has about been
straightened and we will soon let the con
tracts and start work from the Salt Lak*
end." -
Local railroad authorities believe that
the combination of interests between
Gould and Clark fs all that has saved tha
Salt Lake road; but tor Gould coming in.
it is contended, the Clark road would
never have become more than a system
of short lines about Los Angeles.
The announcement is made that Gould
will visit Los Angeles within the next
month.
"I haven't received any direct informa
tion," vouchsafed the Senator's brother.
LOS ANGELES, April 4.— Los Angeles
will be the Pacific Coast terminus of the
Gould railway system. The Gould and
Clark Interests have combined &t cither
side of the continent. Senator Clark hav
ing joined Gould in the building of a
road from Pittsburg to the Atlantic sea
board and Go aid having become interest
ed in the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake road. These additions will give
the Gould system a continuous line of
roads across the continent, beginning
with the Salt Lake, then the Rio Grande
"Western and the Denver and Rio Grande
to Denver, the Missouri Pacific to St.
Louis, the Wabash to Pittsburg and tha
Virginia Central with the projected ex
tensions.'to the Atlantic.
Charles W. Clark, the Senator's son.
who has been visiting here for several
weeks, and J. Ross Clark, who has tha
local management of the Salt Lake road,
would only partially confirm this report. "
"1 am not free to discuss the matter
now/' said Charles Clark.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' Mrs. Piercy, who is 85 years old, will
now be removed from the Stanford lodg.
ing-house, where she has occupied a suite
of rooms, to her daughter's home in San
Francisco. 383fi£
The contest of the two sons, Edward M.
and Andrew J. Piercy, for guardianship of
their mother has been very bitter. Some
time ago Mrs. Piercy deeded to Edward
Piercy $30,000 worth of property, and this
started the strife. In his petition, for
guardianship Andrew alleged that Ed
ward was keeping his mother practically
a prisoner and refused to allow any one
to see her. E. M. Piercy retaliated by
declaring that Andrew J. had mistreated
his mother.
SAN' JOSE, April 4.— Mrs> Mary Piercy,
an aged pioneer woman of this county,
over whose possessions her sons have
been fighting . In the courts, is to have
guardians for both her person and her
estate. As a result of the sensational
hearing a few weeks ago of the petition
of Andrew Piercy to be appointed
guardian of his mother Judge Hyland to
day appointed Mrs. Mary Martel. a
daughter, of San Francisco guardian of
Mrs. Piercy. Public Administrator M. D.
Kell was named custodian of her estate,
which is worth more than $100,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Under the order just issued this city is
placed on the main line of travel over the
Southern Pacific and connecting lines
from Ogden and Portland to San Fran
cisco. Santa Barbara und Los Angeles.
Beginning to-day all colonists and pas
sengers generally may. on reaching Sac
ramento from the Portland or Ogdea
routes, continue their journey via either
Stockton or Benicia. The privilege ex
tends to all colonists, whether routed to
their final destination over the coast lino
or through the San Joaqujn valley, so that
a homeseeker with a ticket to San Fran
cisco. San Jose, Santa Cruz. Santa Bar
bara. Los Angeles or any other intermedi
ate point on the coast line has the option
of passing through Stockton, with the
privilege of stopping here five days.
Years ago, before the completion of the
line from Sacramento to San Francisco
via Eenicia, all passengers routed to San
Francisco and points in Suuthern Califor
nia over the northern ' and central lines
passed through Stockton. Since the
shorter line via Benicia was completed all
this travel has been diverted from Stock
ton to the other route.
STOCKTON. April 4.— The Southern Pa
cific has -issued an order that the holders
cf tourist and second-class tickets may go
by way of Stockton and have stopover
privileges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The rirst mining accident in the Thun
der Mountain gold fields was reported in
a letter received to-day. The victim was
J. Gilman, who narrowly escaped death.
He had put in live shots and started to
fire them at midnight. He spit the fuse
with a^ candle. The fifth did not spit
readily and Gilman dallied with it too
long. The first shot went off, throwing a
mass of rock down on him. He was
crawling away when the second shot
went on", sending down another mass of
rock. The bulk of it went one side and
Gilman managed to creep to safety,
bleeding and half dead, before the other
shots went off. He will recover unless it
develops he is injured internally.
J. C. Crowley, who arrived from Thun
der Mountain to-day, via Council and
Weiser, reports the trail in fine condition.
He says reports of strikes keep the camp
in a turmoil all the time and miners rush
from one section to another as fast as
they can locate claims, braving untold
dangers and privations.
"No man has gone into Thunder Moun
tain who has not made money, and- many
have already become wealthy," said
Crowley. .,
There are now three townsites in Tl'un
der Mountain. One is named, Roosevelt
and the other two Thunder Mountain.
Ihe promoters of the two latter are about
to go in court over a question of property.
BOISE, IDAHO, April 4.— A large party
left here to-day for Thunder Mouptnin,
via the Weiser route, the only one from
the south that it is possible to go through
at this time, as the trail breakers sent
out from Boise to go in over the Bear
Valley route hJtve made it as far as Penn
Basin, sixty miles from Thunder Moun
tain. They are building cabins as they
proceed from the south. It is expected
that the route will be opened through in
side of a weeK or ten days, when practi
cally all of the travel coming here will go
in that way. The subscription for a
wagon roaa from. Bear Valley has been
completed and the work on it will be
commenced soon. Thirty thousand dol
lars has been received for that purpose,
twenty thousand in Fittsburg and the
balance in Boise. The necessity for get
ting heavy . macninery in will hasten the
project.
Some of the richest ore yet brought out
was received here to-day. It is thick
with gold and runs over $16,000 a ton.
Tnis ore is from a chute that has been
opened up near tne Dewey mine. The
general average of the chute- is not less
than $150 a ton as far as uncovered and
it has got richer from the surface.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Trail Is in Good Condition
and Prospectors Are
i Crowding In.
to Seaboard.
Will Soon Have a Great Route
Stretching From Coast
Gives Stopover Privileges
to Overland Tourists
From East
V
14 . •
Court Appoints Guardians
for Her Person and
Property.
New Road to Los
Angeles.
Railway King to -Utilize
Sequel to : Strife Over
Aged Mrs. Piercy's
Estate.
Mill City.
Southern Pacific Routes
Travelers Through
Many Rich Strikes Are
Reported in Thunder
Mountain.
GOULD BACKING
SENATOR CLARK
BOTH BROTHERS
LOSERS IN SUIT
MIMEHS QUIGKLY.
AMASS WEALTH
STOCKTON NOW
"ON THE MAP"
Mrs. Nellie Vanderwerker hollows Clew That Leads to
Whereabouts of Her Boy WKo Was Kidnaped by : His
Father— Country Aroused and Chase Ends in Recovery
MOTHER FINDS S ON AFTER PURSUIT
FAR INTO HEART OF THE MOUNTAINS
3
THE* SAK FBAISTCISCO CALI;, SATITRDAY' APRIL 5, 1902.
braved so much'-. for' him: • ¦¦¦' ¦-.;
The father, according to the. explana
tions made in Oakland, had 'been working
at Sacramento, but had left a; mill there
and secured employment at Bella Vista.
He had Ions desired to get possession of
his. son, who had been living with the
mother and grandparents in Oakland, and
:: attending a parochial School '.at- Seventh
and Grove streets. On the day- of his dis
appearance the boy left home in the
morning as usual to go to school. Failing
to return jit noon for luncheon and re
.maining frosent after school had ad
journed for the* day, his mother became
thoroughly alarmed. She -could find no
trace of the youth, however, until the
message from the kidnaped youngster
' carne.rrom the north.
' The folks suspected that Vanderwerkcr
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
t2(» w^dKi meal, even though
*Cs*^f fPrH s^ e t 3 -^ 5 it alone, it
seems good to her to
v^ ' : *jsi take this one step nearer
1 I the family circle, and
* <<S?l?5j|$r^ she counts the days un-'
1 M*%!$t*&!l t"' 1 ker strength will be
' M&$£&k iun J restored. But
||||||£Sj||5W very often strength does
¥$$'%$$'**£( not coine as expected,
rjtffiffipf/l**^ and she lingers in Ian- j
guor and weakness. At
such a time there is need of an invigo-
rating tonic, and the very best tonic
which a nursing mother can use is Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It con-
tains no alcohol nor narcotics. It gives
real strength. s
" Favorite Prescription " is a reliable
woman's medicine. It establishes regu-
larity, dries weakening drains, beals m-
natnpaticn and ulceration and cures
female weakness.
"I cannot praUe Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
emption too highly as a tonic for tired, worn-out
women especially those who are afflicted with
'female weakness." writes Mrs. Ira W. Holmes,
of Cedar Rapids. Iowa. "It has helped me very
much and a. skilful physician said to me In an-
swer to my question as to its efficacy, * I know
cf cases where it has really worked wonders.' *
: The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 large pages in paper covers, is sent
¦free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
ipay expense of mailing only. Address
Dr. S~ V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
. ¦ ¦ ¦ RAILWAY TRAVEL.
BtJjC^vSt v-^il e*< j o/VCm v 'wW- Pw* m W& »*2S ¥k n uzuf 1* '-i »i ¥« m VVta » luS3 ' ft Tf / En C&9r Sx^t- W3I & mWQCsIh
~ ¦ • * ' m BsCSnM ft 1 Ri M.IM * > W *** ' * ¦ £3 Ehud DV mLM m mm * v "* EX **^9 rp^^ tj w Kg Hiyj B^^Bw M^^^B MB KTanBi if M"PLAY BALL" WILL BE THE CHEERFUL CRY OF THE UMPIRE TO-DAY AT RECREATION PARK
LOVERS of trout fishing who could not
¦~be out with' rod and reel on the open
ing day, but who were anticipating
gala sport to-morrow at Point Reyes,
riiay be disappointed. The.late heavy
rain which, fell on. ; !'all fools' day" raised
and roiled the creek. The result of tho
change "of watei'-from clear ; to a slight
milky .color was a rush of small trout
which were loafing in the deep 'pools at
Point Reyes up stream. .'The large fish,
which were ¦ numerous on -Tuesday. la.st
in the White House pool, also disappeared
with the slight rise in water. Doubtless
the spent fish which' were 'recuperating
in the brakish water departed for old
ocean, where they had an opportunity to
go to sea. I 1 ",.'.'_ ,;;¦-,,•<,'._¦„,,,..•,
'Although the outlook at present is . poor
for -Point. Reyes, the fishing all along the
creek from-iTocaipma. up •to'l.the'-'Xagurii
tas shouia'"be grand. \ Several fine baskets
of fish were taken on Wednesday A- between
the point where the Nlcasio Creek-empties
into the ; Paper Mill and "Camp -Taylor.
John Pape and Henry Woodward, who
were fishing below Tocalohiaj' were "sur
prised to flnd'such a large run 1 of, eight
and ten inch silver trout - fresh from ; the
ocean going up stream. They made a'
splendid catch on: worms and spoon.
These fish were evidently the large school
that was loitering in the White -House
pool at Point Reyes on Tuesday,' as\ on
.Wednesday there were few : small fish
caught at the Point by the most expert
anglers. . jy- ; -- : ; ¦ .
.Not a single large steelhead was seen 1 ,
in the White -House pool, from which,
five or six were taken on the, opening day
of:the season; 1- .
Frank Maskey and Attorney John Boiur
dette . returned from, Salmon Creek on
-Wednesday. The anglers were expecting
some fine sport when, the heavy rain came
on Tuesday and made the creek look like'
pea soup. This put a damper, on the as
pirations of the two noted- Wai tonians,
who will,- however, try , their luck ; again
in' a few days. Jeff Wells and his part
ner;."Shorty'! -Brlggs," returned from Point
Reyes Wednesday, with'.many ! other ang
lers,, who were disagreeably disappointed
with the, sport of the 1 second" day of the
season. . Mr. Wells \ will meet John Gal
lagher, the champion angler oft Oakland,"
toniay at :Tocalonia, .where stream whip
ping will be in order.' — ¦ . . .;
R; L. White and B. P. Upham fished the
Llagas two 'days this week, -taking no
trout on spoon and bait.
,E. Bartley and C. Ducker fished JLa
Honda Creek, a branch of the San Gre
gcria, on opening day. The former se
cured, sevnty-flve trout ranging in size
from 'seven inches to two pounds. The
fishing is reported the best in years.
Walter D. Mansfield, G. H. Powers Jr.,
A. "R. "Powers and Dr. G. H. Powers
leave -tornight for Shasta Springs on the
Upper Sacramento. ;, ; ' ! ¦
'John Lawrence and some friends will
go to Willitts on Eel River.
J. B. and C. R. Kenniff will again try
their luck in the Paper Mill Creek.;
John Butler took a seven-pound steel
head out -of the White House pool Tues
day evening. He lost two others owing
to the lightness of his tackle. \
The ark Cuckoo, now, the floating home
of the Anglers' Club,: will be taken to
Petaluma Creek- to-morrow. The ten
members- of the club are expected to be
present, which will explain any ¦ exhibi
tion of day. fireworks which may be seen
in -trie general direction of Petaluma
Creek. One thousand dollars has been
expended on the ark recently. The Cuckdo
will be anchored near Petaluma and will
be used as a headquarters for striped bass
flshinc. '¦ ,. ¦ • ¦ '
¦¦.;.. •'¦¦'• v. — : * ? ¦ . — - — — '- '¦¦¦¦"•'.'¦;
California Optical Co. will formally open
their new store at 205Kearny st. Saturday
evening, April 5." You are cordially invited. T
Effects of Downpour on Opening Day Become Apparent
Twenty-Four Hours Later, the Trout Disappearing.
Oren stake — Sally Brass, Fenil, Challenger
Hickory Dick, Miss Brummel, Cosey, Miss Wil
son. Lady Menlo, Pepita, Brutus, Royal Rogtie
Rollicking- Airs. Royal Friend, Jingle Bel's'
Three stakes will be decided at Union
Coursing Park to-day and to-morrow be
ing divided into special, open and res'erve
classes. The reserve stake will be run
in its entirety to-day, together with one
round of the open stake. The remainder
of the open stake and the special stake
In its entirety will be run to-morrow Th«
likely winners look to be: j,:. -,-
Special stake — Flying Fox, .Anchor War
Eagle. Vandal, liberator. Dewdrop, Rector
Master Rocket. Tame Tralee, Tralee Boy'
Mamie Pleasant, Lost Chord, Narcissus Rav
Hughle, Floodgate and Forest Queen. '
Reserve stake — Schilling's Best, Cotton Ball
Glenbrook. October Lad, Little May, My Selec
tion, New Moon and Delia M. ".
F-etter Free has been bred to P
Brophy's Wee Waves. She Is by Twisters-
Sweet Lips. •
Crawford Lad has been bred to T. But
ler's Susie. She is the dam of Golden
Rule and is a sister of Wave.
Dudley Diamond has been bred to R
B. Kay's Leonora.
L. F. Bartels of Denver has mated Ban
ner Bright and Ben Hur.
J. L. Ross will start some of his Cali
fornia dogs to-morrow at Sherman Tex
AH arrived there in good condition except
Fontenoy.
Master Rocket has been bred to Bona,
the dam of Recording Angel and of Mc-
Henry.
Fine Fire has been bred to David Ford's
Bonita, a high class performer on tho
field when young, and also to Europa, a
sister to Dewdrop.
On the hares, as they are at present
running. Rector is considered to have an
excellent chance to beat Sacramento Boy
when they meet in the first round of the
special stake to-morrow. Of the thirty
eix entries in the stake ten are from the
kennels tl A. R. Curtis.
Champion Palo Alto was given a run
after a hare last Monday and showed he
would soon be able to start again.
Joe Thrift has his favorite dog, Brutus,
again in training after a long let up. The
old dog, always a consistent performer,
is running in grand form.
There are already fifteen entries for the
sixteen-dog stake to be decided at Union
Coursing Park on the l&th and 20th inst.
The Pasha Kennels, Eugene Geary, T. J.
Cronin. Sims, Chiarini, Walsh, Trade and
Zahl will be among the owners repre
sented.
The greyhounds from this State could
then tatce part in the rich Futurity stake
in September, the John Grace cup stake
in October and then travel on East In
search of fresh fields to conquer.
The next quarterly meeting of thejnter
state Coursmg Club will be made a fes
tive occasion. After the regular business
of the meeting has been disposed of there
will be music and other forms of enter
tainment, while substantial refreshments
will be served. The affair will be in
charge of Teddy Hood, George MacE.
Malcolm and George Van Bergen.
with the John Grace cup stake, run
here annually in October and worth $6000.
With this valuable stake to be run for.
the California coursing men could not be
expected to send their dogs to participate
in the big Eastern event.
L. F. Bartels of Denver has taken up
the agitation for a change of date com
menced by the California coursing . men
and the Eastern officials are expected to
eee the advisability of acting in the mat
ter. It is desired to have it run in De
cember. '
STEPS are being taken to change the
date of the American Waterloo cup
meeting for greyhounds. In the past
this important event has conflicted
RAIN MAY SPOIL THE ANGLING NEAR POINT REYES
UNTIL DISTURBED WATERS HAVE THOROUGHLY CLEARED
ALL is in readiness at Recreation
Park for the opening this afternoon
of the California baseball { league
season. New faces, new umpires,
new seating arrangements and a
general up-to-date Intention on the part
of the managers to give ' their patrons
high class ball all seem to insure the best
season in the history of the national
game in this city.
Sacramento and San Francisco will
clash in this city, while Oakland and Los
Angeles, will start proceedings in the lat
ter city. The teams will line up here a3
follows: :
Sacramento. PoBitiong. San Francisco.
Doyle Pitcher .: . . . . Meredith
Graham..- Catcher .Leahy
Bermlngham First base .Nordyke
Unslaub..: Second base.... ....'. ..Bone
Sheehan.. Third base. ....... .Shugart
Eagran .* lihort stop. , .' Holly
¦Wagner...... .. t,eft Jjeld. ...... ...McHale
Rcbsamen Center field .. Lawlor
Frary . . . ; . . . Right field. ........ Delmad
On Sunday morning at Oakland Hickey
will pitch for the Sacramento aggrega
tion,' Kane performing a like service for
the home team. In the afternoon in this
city Jimmie Whalen will 1 make his. first
appearance, being opposed by Dowling of
Sacramento. • ¦ ¦. .
In this afternoon's game Nordyke will
be the only familiar face seen in Uncie
Henry's team. The others come with good
recorei3 from Eastern teams and are ex
pected to prove pennant winners in any
company they will be called upon to meet
during the eight months', season that
stretches out before them.
For several weeks Captain Shugart has
had his men out practicing at Recreation
Park, and he is favorably impressed with
the form they are showing. Several of
the Eastern men complain about the cli
mate, and it can hardly be expected they
will show their true form for a month or
six weeks at least. • • . .- ¦ ,
A great many of the "fans" last season
were wont to remark triat the league was
"shy" on left-handed pitching talent. Not
so the coming year. • The several man
agers, as if to atone for last year's griev
ance,' have signed seven box artists who
hurl with their "south wings." San Fran
cisco-has Meredith and Kane, Sacramen
to Dowling and Hickey, Oakland Jans^n
and Crystall and Los Angeles the mighty
Rube ¦Waddell. -A singular fact is they
are' all' big men, and no doubt the league
will "witness , the greatest slab work since
the days when' Charley Sweeney was at
the height of his career. -
The umpire department, which was woe
fully weak last year,- has been strength
ened. Two of the best known judges of
the game will wield the indicators in the
coming race for the flag. Jack Q'Connell
and Jim McDonald need no Introduction
to the admirers of the game. Both are
old players and men of great presence or
mind, and it goes without saying this de
partment of the game will receive the at
tention it demands.
All pf the reserved section of the stand
at Recreation Park has been fitted up
with chairs, and this will be good news
to those who enjoy solid comfort. The
diamond has been planted with grass, and
in a few weeks the grounds at Eighth ana
Harrison streets -will "look good", to the
eye of the most critical. A delegation of
"fans" several hundred strong will ac
company Mike Fisher's colts to this city
to witness the opening games. A section
of the stand has been reserved for them,
and, of course, they will do some rooting.
1 The opening day has at last arrive-!.
The "fans" are .eager, the players are
willing and the managers are anxious,
and when the old,, familiar cry of "play
ball" floats through the air the ball
grounds "down on the flat" will present a
gala day appearance, and the national
game will be ushered in with more • pomp
and splendor than it has known since the
halcyon days of the old Haight street
grounds. The game this afternoon will,
be called at 3:15 o'clock, and to-morrow
at 2:30 p. m. . '
The coming race for the Perpetual chal
lenge cup is a frequent topic of discussion
among yachtsmen. At the special meet
ing of the directors of the Corinthian
Yacht Club held last week to consider the
challenge sent in by the San-Franciscos
ft was decided to acknowledge Its receipt,
and a committee was appointed to confer
with the committee of tne San Franciscos.
The" Corinthians pointed out that the deed
of gift evidently intended to give the de
fending club thirty days within which to
hold the race, as it requires that the race
be sailed not less than thirty nor more
than sixty days after the date of the
chawenge. As there is the further limita
tion " that the race must be sailed not
earlier than May 1 nor later than Septem
ber SO, if the challenging club dated its
challenge March 1 only one day, May 1
would be open for the race. As the Sari
Francisco challenge' was dated March 18
the race must have taken place not later
than May 18, nor earlier than May 1 thus
allowing a period of only eighteen 'davs.
The Corinthians did not wish to establish
the precedent of accepting a challenge
which thus limited the period of thirtv
days to which the defending club ia en
titled. The secretary of the San Francisco
Yacht Club has stoce amended-the date Df
the challenge to April 1, thus idvine th£
whole month of May. for the sllectifn of
the race day. - —
T-h Challenger will be sailed by W G
Morrowvto whose energy and hard work
her existence is almost wholly due The
idea of getting plans from an Eastern de
signer originated with Dr. T. L. Hill but
the collecting of the necessary funds' and
the superintendence of the building were
the work of W. G. Morrow. He is aiT£!
cellent sailor and possesses good and
quick judgment. As an adviser he will
have ex-Commodore • W. N. ¦ McCarthy
who sailed the Gadder to victory in 1899*
Morrow lives in Sausalito. and will be
able to get the crew together for prac
tice more readily than ex-Commodore Mc-
Carthy, who lives in San Francisco. The
crew of the Challenger will be selected
from the following: - Commodore R s
Bridgman, Vice Commodore A. C. Lee j"
R. Savory. C. F. Austin, G. T. S.. White"
A. W. Follansbee, A. Westwater, A R*
Haskins, H. H. Jenness and J. C. Cocke
riii. MtSBSm^SS^tBSSS
fleet will dress ship this morning and
the bunting will remain flying until the
sunset gun is fired. Boats for the trans
portation of members across the creek
will run from the city float, between
Webster and Franklin, streets. Oakland,
to the clubhouse at intervals from 7:30 p.
m. The jinks will begin promptly at a*
p. m., with an overture by the California
Yacht Club band, Jack Holland will fol
low with "The. Dago Embassador." and
W. H. Brown of the Jose quintet with a
bass solo. The Edna quartet, consisting
of E. F. Sagar, F. W. Thompson, W. C.
Howe and E. J. Angelo, will render selec
tions, and the intermission will be filled
by the California Yacht Club band. Part
two ,will open with ragtime ditties by
Elton Lambert, who will be followed by
Charles Seagreen in a monologue. The
Manhattan quartet will sing, and Frank
W. Thompson will render a bass solo,
after which will come an intermission,
filled by the California Yacht Club band.
Lloyd Spencer will open part three of the
entertainment with "The Last Three
Seats for Smokers," the McBain brothers
will give a' trombone and cornet duo,
Thomas Mahoney will render something
in ragtime and the band will play the re
cessional. Maurice Cramer will act as ac
companist.
THE yachting season of 1802 will be
formally ushered in to-day by the
opening festivities of the California
Yacht Club on Oakland estuary. The
Several members of the Olympic Boat
Club were at Tlburon on Sunday, among
them being C. W. Dobie, Leo Starr, Wil
liam Fulton, F. E. Rous, W. Claussen,
W. Longwell, Guy Ransom, Charles
Brandenstein, Percy Hammond, S. J.
Pembroke, J. Owen. J. R. Bockman and
George James. Some of these went out
in barges and others in outraged sWffs.
To-morrow the clubhouse will be open to
ladies.
Many members of the South End Row
ing Club are to be seen every Sunday
around the clubhouse, all the barges and
outrigged sk'fTs being in demand through
out the day. There are several candidates
for places in the junior barge crews; and
these present themselves at an early hour
at the boathouse. One of the most prom
ising crews is made up of A. Hennessey,
bow; J. O'Brien. No. 2; P. J. Connolly,
No. 3, and Alexander McKerron, stroke.
Charles Jenkins was out with a crew
made up of A. McKerron. bow, C. E. \
Crelghton. No. 2; A. Korn.-No. 3; Charles
Jenkins, stroke and H. Low, cockswain.
Another barge crew consisted of Maurice
Cashman, bow; E. Pallas, No. 2; T. Pal
las.^ No. 3; Edward Wolff, stroke, and
Albert Sonnenberg, cockswain. E. Cash
man and Alexander McKerron are prac
ticing in the outrigged skiff and are snow,
ing considerable speed. Judge A. L.,Frit»
is a regular visitor at the boathouse.
The South Ends have been suffering
from a lack of oars, but three sets of
barge cars and two pairs of sculls hav»
been ordered in the East and are expect
ed to reach the city shortly. All th»
barges have been overhauled and are in
good condition, including the Felton th«
South End. the Captain Thomas and the
old Flyblister. A special committee, con
sisting of Charles Jenkins, Thomas Bar
ry, John Humphreys and C. E. A. Creigh
ton, has been appointed to coach the
members who have recently joined the
club. The club has more than a hundred
members.
The Arlels are without quarters and are
devoting all their energies to building up
the fund for the construction and equip
ment of their proposed new boathouse.
The Pioneers have a temporary boathouso
but no direct communication with tho
water. The Dolphins and South Ends,
however, are displaying a good deal of
activity. A Dolphin junior barge crew
has already been made up and goes out
for practice on Sundays. Nearly twenty
men have already signed their names on
the list of entries for the barge races, the
prizes in which will be the medals offered
by Albert P. Rothkopf. On Sunday th»
large pleasure-boat of the Dolphins was
rowed around to the Union Iron Works
by T. R. Keenan, Leo Welnarid. J. S.
Earla, "VV. O. Donovan, O. M. Farrell and
Joseph Gallagher. F. J. Sherry, Georgs
Baker and Alex W. Pape were out for
practice in outrigged skiffs.
The entertainment committee of th»
Dolphin Boating Club has arranged to
hold a schooner trip and clambake next
month, a dance in the boathouse on a
moonlight night in July and a ladies" day
in November. In August the club will
celebrate its silver anniversary, it hav
ing been founded in 1S78, its charter mem
bers being John, Herman and Adolpa
Wieland; Emil. Val, J. and B. Kehrlein:
E. Kalpen, Fred Deucher, E. Bornemann,
J. Higgins, G. Baratz, Thomas Fraser and
A. P. Rothkopf. The twenty-fifth anni
versary will be celebrated by a ball, at
which silver oars will be given as souve
nirs. The club already having on Its roll
as many members as its quarters can ac
commodate, the initiation fee has been
raised to $15.
THE only two rowing clubs on this side
of the bay whose members are able to
indulge in barge and skiff pulling at
the present time are the South End*
and the Dolphins.
Another handicap tournament for Juve
niles was commenced on the park courts
during the week and will be completed
next week. These events are popular with
the: youngsters and should develop some
good players.
Bonnie Hugh-le, General Dewet. Fearful Shin
Mose, Olita. White Hat, Real Lassie, Semi
r/ronJus, Vagrant, Santonin, Sir" Pasha, King
Cotton, Alameda L/ad, Fly by Night. Fannie
Hufehie. Pleasant Girl, Royal Archer and Bel
fast.
The most regular attendants on the
local courts at present are Judges ""Hunt
Troutt, Kerrigan and Sloss and Dr. Law
ton. The6e experts are out almost every
day and participate in some lively doubles
Hunt and Troutt are improving very rap
idly and will make a strong team with a
little more practice.
The nineteenth tournament for the Da
vis cups will be played to-morrow on the
California Club courts. There is . more
interest in '< to-morrow's event than any
one of the kind so far, as the teams are
on the homestretch and the finish is a
close one. The Smith brothers lead, with
four victories to their credit, while Collier
and Crowell are a close second, with three
victories. The brothers won the last
three tournaments .straight, -but it is
cloiibtf ul if they can make it four, as they
•will probably be handicapped out of it
to-morrow. There is some talk of mak
ing the Smith brothers play scratch with
Collier and Crowell. In case these two
teams come together it would probably
be right for them to play on even terms,
but the Smiths should not be asked to
give the same handicap to other teams as
do Collier and Crowell. • ..
As . ex refther college has its complete
team picked. Berkeley will probably be
lepresented by three men, while Stanford
will pin its faith to. but two. Of these
Harry Wiehe is fully as clever as any of
the men of the rival college, but Cleve
Iiaker, his team mate, has had practically
no tournament experience. He put in the
last week practicing on the local courts,
and on Thursday made a fair showing
against Grant Smith. He- has an aggres
sive style, but is a trifle wild.
In doubles Wlehe and Baker have haa
r^o practice together, and while they have
a chance it is not considered by many to
be a good one. Wiehe is a tower of
strength in doubles, and if his inexperi
enced partner gives him fair support a
good match will surely result. The match
oetween Baker and the second Berkeley
man is almost sure to go to the latter.
At Berkeley the experts are busily en
gaged In the singles try-out. £¦ Reuben
.Hunt is in great iorm at ' present and
caused quite a surprise last week by
beating tbree of the best men in college
in straight sets. Fred Brown was thougnt
to have a good chance against Hunt, but
the latter beat him easily. Hunt also dis
posed of MacGavin in rather easy fash
ion. Trowbridge Hendrick, the academic
champion of Southern California, made by
far the best showing against Hunt, and
many are of the opinion that he would
have won had he been in. practice. He
has not touched a racket for several
months, having devoted all his spare time
to baseball. This match was also won by
Hunt in straight sets, but they were all
close. Hunt and George Baker will be the
doubles team, and the former will be first
man on the singles. MacGavin, Brown,
Hendrick and Baker will; fight it out for
the one remaining place on the singles
team. .>-. ' /' - ,' ¦. . .- ' i '¦
TENNIS players of both .Stanford and
the University of California are prac
ticing hard foi the annual intercol
legiate championship to be played
two •weeks trom to-day.
Sacramento Will Meet the Home Team in This pity—New
Men Will Be Seen in the Majority of Positions on Each
Team— Capitol Gity Will Send a Large Delegation
The California Coursing Men
Want a Time Fixed in
Which They Can Compete
Neither College Hss Named
tha Complete Team to
Represent it as Y-Jt
Many New Members of City
Clubs Promise Well in
the Singles and Four-Oars
MAY CHANGE DATE
OF THE ANNUAL
WATERLOO CUP
CALIFORNIA BASEBALL LEAGUE SEASON
WILL OPEN UNDER PLEASANT AUSPICES
San Francisco Yacht Club
Amends^ Challenge so as
to Include WhHe of May
TIME OF CONTEST
FOR PERPETUAL
CUP IS EXTENDED
TENNIS INTERESTS
THE UNIVERSITY
UNDERGRADUATES
JUNIOR OARSMEN
BEGIN PRACTICE
EARLY IN SEASON
PLAYERS WHO WILL REPRESENT SAN FRANCISCO IN THE CALIFORNIA BASEBALL LEAGUE DURING THE COMING SEASON.
THE 1 SAN; FRANGISCO GALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 5, '1902.
4Orders Estate Distributed.
An "order directing the final distribution
of the estate of thelate Cornelius O'Con
nor to the trustees* appointed under the
will. William and Lilly O'Connor, was
made in Department 9 of the Superior
Court yesterday. The estate is valued at
$300,000. .'
Wants Voting 1 Machines.
Registrar Walsh intends to ask author
ity from the Board of Election Commis
sioners to correspond with "the manufac
turers of voting machines in the United
States, inviting them to send samples of
their votometers for the education of the
public in their utility/ Walsh thinks that
in view of the many errors made Inad
vertently by the voter in marking his bal
lot, which were disclosed in the recent
election contest, that the use of voting
machines would be welcomed by the peo
ple of this State.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 4.—
Progress on the baseball diamond
during the week has been highly
gratifying, both to Coach Swindells
and the college fans.
The improvement in fielding, hitting and
general ; form has been particularly
marked since the first game with the San
Francisco league • team when the varsity
was defeated by the score of 14 to 3. In
the contest with the alumni nine the var
sity players took a brace and played an
almost errorless game. When they met
the San Francisco ball-tossers again on
Thursday the leaguers were forced to put
up their best game and/ then, won by a
narrow margin. / . - -
The cardinal team, despite the {act that
it is composed largely of new men, will
go into tne first Intercollegiate game to
morrow on its own field prepared to make
California play an errorless game , if it
expects to win.',,
The throwing of the Stanford players
shows a remarkable ¦ improvement over
me erratic throws made early In the sea
son, 'mis ¦ is especially noticeable in
Blake's throwing from first base and
Catcher McGilvr ay s throwing to second.
In infield. playing Captain Cowden leads
and he is also well up in the batting liat.
Brown,- at center, easily the best o. the
outfield trio, covers ground in fine shape
and is a sure man on high fly balls.
Btanf ora's training on the tracK. has
been a continued series of misfortunes.
Sprained ankles and broken bones seem
to pursue the cardinal runners. The first
to drop out was Sprague, the crack
cross-country and distance man, who
underwent an operation ior appendicitis.
Then North, the hurdler, broKe a leg
while practicing on the. apparatus in the
gymnasium, beach, '05, and Whitaker,
04, pole vaulters, were also laid up with
broken bones. Nichols, the best man
Stanford had in the weights, succumbed
to an attack of paralysis. The greatest
misfortune.vso _ar as Stanford's prospects
in -: the intercollegiate field day were con
cerned came on Junior day, .when Arthur
S. Henley, '04, injured his ankle while
high jumping. From present indications
Henley will'not be able to enter the inter
collegiate meet- in .any. of his events,
which means a loss of from eight to thir
teen points for the cardinal. . .
Berkeley Prospects Axe' Bright.'
BERKELEY, April 4.— The preliminary
games of the University of .California
baseball nine have, as a whole, augured
well for the outcome of the contests with
Stanford University. Considerable con
fidence is expressed by the local ball
tossers and tney expect to have the larg
er figure on their side of the score. Those
who will go into the game to-morrow are:
Overall, pitcher; Hatch, catcher; Hen
dricks, first base; Braly, second base;
Kennedy, third base; Heitmuller, left
field; . Hamlin, center field; McKeown,
right field; Williams, pitcher and fielder.
The season's- work has been satisfac
tory. Old players have showed a steady
improvement in form and there are some
surprisingly good men who will play on
the varsity for the first time this year.
So far fourteen games have been played,
out of which three have been lost. Of the
defeats two games were iost by scores of
one only. '¦.'¦¦
Orvall Overall, pitcher, has already
played two seasons on the nine, this mak
ing his - third. He does splendid work In
the. box and hold_ his opponents down to
few hits. Williams will also go in the
box,' but Overall will stand the brunt of
the work there. AVilliams is a compara
tively new man and already pitches In a
style practically up to Overall's.
G. G. Hatch,. the catcher, is a freshman
and this is his first year on the varsity.
He has held this position since the first of
the season, for no one at college can come
up to his work behind the bat.
T. W. Hendricks, another freshman,
will play at first base. He Is a good hitter
and clever at fielding.
H. H. Braly will hold down the second
bag. This is his third year on the team.
He is a strong batter but is liable to er
rors through carelessness.
L. J. Kennedy, who was in the out field
last year, will- play at third base. /
AV. W. Adams will be at short stop. He
is a good hitter and although one of the
youngest men on the team this is his sec
ond year on the varsity.
T. L. Hamlin, captain of the nine, has
been playing center field this season. He
is a reliable man. *
\V. F. Heitmuller is another freshman
of promise. He fields well at left and is
probably the hardest hitter on the team.
Arthur McKeown is back at right field
after an accident in whlch_he dislocated
his hip while sliding bases.
Teams Will Meet on the
Palo Alto Diamond — A
Close Contest Expected
Each Club Wilf Be Repre-
sented by Eight Expert
Wielders of the Brassie
The schedule of the ladles* annex of
the San Francisco Golf Club has been
played out, the last events set-down be
ing the driving and putting contests, both
of which were won by Mis3 Sara Drum
last Monday.
The San Rafael Golf Club will open the
season this morning with the prelimin
ary rounds over eighteen holes of a com
petition for men and women. The women
will play at 9:30 a. m. and at 1:30 p. m.
the men will begin. The teams will be
made up from the scores handed in for
the preliminary rounds, those standing
first, fourth, fifth, eighth, ninth, twelfth,
thirteenth constituting one team and those
ranking second, third, sixth, seventh,
tenth, eleventh, fourteenth making up tho
other team. In the match play rounds
No. 1 will play No. 2, No. 3 will play
No. 4, No. 5 will play No. 6 and so on.
All matches must be played out and tho
side scoring the most holes will be tha
winner, the three members of the win
ning team who win by the most up receiv
ing prizes. If a player defaults he will
be reckoned as losing 2 down. No prizo
will be given to a player who wins by de
fault.
I The exact order of the men in, the two
team3 la not given in the foregoing 4ist3.
It was at one time suggested that tha
disagreement which arose about the
match between the class B teams of the
two clubs would spread to the class A
contests, but fortunately this surmise haa
proved incorrect. The clas3 A contests
have now been held several times and
their conditions are well understood. The
dissension between the captains of the
class B teams arose from the fact that
the conditions were not clearly defined at
first and one of the captains refused to
accept the precedent set in class A
matches or in the class B contest held last
year. On the present occasion Captain
Orestes Pierce selected the Oakland team
and Captain S. I_ Abbot Jr. chose tne
representatives of the San Francisco. Golf
Club.
John Lawson, H. C. Golcher, S. L. Ab
bot Jr., "Warren Gregory, Dr. T. G. Mc-
Conkey, H. M. Hoyt, G. B. Cooksey and
L. O. Kellogg.
The eight representatives of the Oakland
Golf Club will be:
E. R. Folger, "W. P. Johnson, F. S.
Stratton, R. M. Fitzgerald, J. A. Folger,
C B. Hubbard, J. P. Ames and Arthur
Goodall.
IN the first half of the second home-and
home golf match between teams repre
senting the San. Francisco and Oakland
Golf Clubs, which will be played this
afternoon on the links at Point Adams,
the following will be the Presidio, eight:
OLYMPIC CLUB ATHLETES
TO "WALK TO BXTRLrNGAMB
The cross-country walk of Olympic Club
members to the Burlingame Country
Club, postponed from time to time owing
to unfavorable weather, will be held to
morrow. One hundred members will ba
the guests of Joseph D. Grant. The list
would be extended indefinitely were it not
that any greater number would ta_c the
resources of the club beyond its capacity.
The guests of Mr. Grant will witness a
polo game in the afternoon between the
Burlingame Club men and the English
visitors. That they will find it more ex
citing than ping-pong or handball goes
without saying. The teams will line up:
Reds— R. M. Tobin, J. S. Tobln. T. M.
Driscoll and John Lawson; whites—Fran
cis J. Carolan, F. Menziea, Charles "Wheel
er and L. McCreery. Th© game will be
played on Mr. Cardan's private field,
which has been pronounced one of tha
finest in the country.
The Olympians who will participate in
the outing are:
President William Greer Harrison. Captain
George James, J. A, Hammersmith, J. K. Orr,
"YV. J. "Wiley, S. J. Pembroke. H. L_ Atkinson,
K. J. -lodgers, Guy Ransome. C. W. Doble.
P. L. Burr. A. Bruman. I*. Starr. H. V. Ramt
dell, G. H. Sullivan. I. J. Muma, E. Goeller.
R B. Bowman, D. A. White, Z. T. Malaby,
E. Rldeout. J. O'Gara, A. Schmltt, G. A.
Griffin. J. 1- Dunn. G. J. Croal, George Klai
inan. J. H. Horiigan, C. S. Chrlsteneen, W. D.
Shea. R. R. Russ. E. F. Rusb. C. K. Melrose,
T. I Fitzpatrick, A. C Kellogg. E. P. Short
all, J. R. Daniels, H. A. Kldder B. I* Cad
walader, T. J. Coleman, E. C Clark. J. W.
Mullen. I* de F. Bartlett, T. J. Stanton, C J.
Leighton, H. IX Hadenfeldt, W. D. Bates, L.
J. Harkness. H. H. Young, J. W. Stapleton,
C. D. Kyne. M. V. Lamme, A. H. Melletx,
Henry Stern, A. W. Murphy, J. it Carapo
donlco, A. Carrigan. J. R. Bockman, 8. EV
Hughes. A. D. Geissler. A. Pape, F. P. But
ler. F. Butz, J. J. O'Brien, H. W. Franck,
H. Meagher. J. N. Thane. M. Lament. C. C.
Wilmans. W. J: Dowden. G. W. Ebner, W. P.
Henry. J. K. Bulger. N. A. Hewson. H. C
Ramsay. E. R. Bryant. W. J. Bush, C Jen
kins. A. Caatelago. F. H. Clarke. F. R. Sher
man. V. A. O'Neil. M. Era nden stein, T. J_
Powers. R. J. Scanlan. H. W. Gallett, C. 8.
Bender. J. P. Keith. W. A. Day, T. E. Day.
N. C. Paddock, 'James Gartland, James
Bjrmes Jr.. Jerry Johnson. C. W. Smith, Otto
Hess, H. C. Allen, P. M. Thomas, Kenneth
Melrose. J. A. McGregor. M. L. Rosesfeld.
Guests of Joseph D. Grant
To-T-Coxtow.
One Hundred Members Will Be tho
Lowell High School's ball tossers de
feated Lick's aggregation yesterday after
noon by the decisive score of 6 to 1. Th_
features of the game were the battery
work of De Boom and Sheridan of the
Lowells. De Boom struck out fifteen mea
and allowed but four safe hits.
Lowell Defeats Iddc
SACRAMENTO. April 4. — John Hanlon.
found ruUty of robbing the grun store o' W.
H. Eckhardt In this city and who was arrested
in Marysvllle. was to-day sentenced to tea
years' Imprisonment in the penitentiary.
First of the Series Between
Stanford and Berkeley
Will Be Played To-Day
San Francisco Players to
Compete in Special Game
Against an Oakland Team
HOME-AND-HOME
GOLF MATCH AT
POINT ADAMS
INTERCOLLEGIATE
BASEBALL GAME
IS ON THE CARD
All the flour consumed by the 11,000,000
people in Siam -comes .' from the United
states.
Charles „ Sweeney 3>ies.
jl Charles Sweeney, who | enjoyed a ; na
tional reputation some years \ ago as v a
baseball pitcher, died /yesterday • at 'the
City and County, Hospital. - Consumption
was j the : disease , to which * he >. succumbed.'
California Optical Co. will formally open
their new store at -OoKearriyst Saturday
evening, April 5. You are cordially invited.*
Delays, Are Dangerous.
Losers | as ' well; as "winners \ should, hot
embrace the opportunity' offered .by, Man
nle's Turf Ad. -Co. to gather in the 'spoils.
Many rich. things are in stock for balance
of season.' Add to and- play yourselves
even. SO Post. Suites 4 and 5. • •
Offer Lajoie a Big Salary.
. "' PHILADELPHIA, April 4— Lajole, the
celebrated j second baseman of the Phila
delphia". American .League baseball club,
refused an offer. to-day of a salary. of 17000
a ; year; for 'three years, : made *¦ him by an
agent - of , the New ; York National League
club..?In pursuance of the decision of the
National League at its. meeting in "New
York to-day to make a raid on the Ameri
can League and induce, its star players to
desert that • organization/ an agent of . the
New York ;Club' came. here and made this
offftr.to I_a.Iolo.V ¦ :;'* . •¦ ,—, i-
Track Notes.
The $2300 Waterhouse handicap, at two
miles, will be the feature of v the card, at
Oakland to-day. Among the 'starters are
Siddons, winner of the great four-mile
Thornton stake, and Nones, • favorite for
the Burns handicap. • ,
Goodyear, a . promising lad, who haa
been given some mounts by W. M. Rog
ers, suffered a fracture of one- arm by
falling from a bicycle at the track yester
day.
Johnny Hoar earned a mild ovation for
his well-timed ride on Gawaine.
As published exclusively in The Cail
some days ago, the trouble between
Charles Boots, Jockey Lee Jackson and
Green B. | Morris; employer of the latter
rider, has been amicably- settled. Owner
Boots told the stewards yesterday that
he was probably mistaken when he made
the charges against the Texas rider, and
to show his faith in Jackson's honesty
would give him an excellent mount on one
Gymkhana Games at Burlingame.
The San Mateo Hunt Club will meet to
day at "the . Crossways," the ;'• home" of
Francis J. Carolan, Burlingame, where- a
gymkhana, "including various!, pastimes
and competitions for mounted men, will
be held. v. On Wednesday next the hounds
will throw off at the - SouthernvPacinc
Railway station, San : Mateo, at 10 a, m.
Next - Saturday " the meet- will be at Bel
mont at 4 in the afternoon. >: ;. . ,
¦'On "Wednesday. April . 16, : the! meet will
take place, on the grounds .of -the Bur
lingame Country Club at lu In the morn
ing. - After f the hunt- luncheon • will "be
seryed in the clubhouse. The- last event
on the card Is a meet: at the Poor Farm
gate on Saturday, April ' 19, . at - 4 . in the
afternoon.-^ •• ¦ ¦ ' .
Spencer Wins, But Is Set Back.
LONDON, April 4.— At the Hurst Park
Club-- spring meeting .. to-day the Hurst
Park Spring Handicap of 1000 sovereign.,
for three-year-olds and upward, one'mile,
was .won -by; Glassalt. Compliment was
second and Sunderne was . third. Eight
horses started, including FQxhall Keene's
Olympian and . Richard Croker's - Blue
Grass.: ¦'-, ¦ ". ¦ ' ¦. , " ¦ '\ .¦;. ¦¦-¦ .: ¦¦¦'¦: .
..In; the race forthe maiden three-year
old plate of 103 sovereigns, seven furlongs
Cappa White, ridden by H. Spencer, came
in first. ;' An objection lodged against the
horse on the ground of "boring" was sus
tained, and the race awarded to Liqui
dator. - - . ¦ . -
Abe Frank Wins at Memphis.
"WASHIXGTON. \ April 4. — Bennlngs g sum
mary:
First race, *lx furlongs— Charley Moore won.
Merriment (second. Mam tMrd. Time. 1:16.
Pecon^ race, half mile — Sprlnjf Brooke .won,
Mou second. Squid third. ¦¦' Time, :Sl. . V
• Third race, seven furlongs — Aluft won. Jus
tice -Rcond, Locket third. Tim«\ 1:20 4-5.
- Fourth race, Feven furlong* — All Saints won.
Brisk second. Flara third. Tin™. 1 -.::o.
Fifth race, six and a hajf" furlongs — Man_o
won. Aline second, Fabius third. Time, 1:_2 4-5.
Sixth race, mile and 100 yards — Eloini -won,
Carroll . D second. Jack McGinn third. ' Time,
1:__. ' ;• '. ¦ "¦•¦ - ; v. - / :..•¦
• MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 4. — Montgomery
Tark results: ¦ •¦"¦•- • .
First race, half mile — Spencer Reift won, ivi
lan second. Henry M. Daniel third. Time, :G0.
Second race,: selling, mile and a sixteen jh—
H. L Coleman won. Pirate's Queen ¦ _ec |nd,
Governor Boyd third. . Time, 1 :52. .'.,•
Ihird race, six furlongs — Oar Jeaaie won. La
Crimea second. Theory third.. - Time, 1:17.
Fourth race, one mile— Abe Frank won. f^ou
Woods second, Buccleuth third. Time.' 1:41 V_."
Fifth race, selling, * half mile— Foxy Kkne
won. The Dot second, , Votary. thlrJ. ¦ ¦• Ti.V.e,
:6O%. - '• - - t- ¦;¦¦¦ '¦ • ¦ '
. Sixth race, selling-.' mile an) « sixteenth v-
Sr-uth Brteze won. Ida Leaf ord second, 1 Malajr
third. Time. ,l:_Qft._ ; v ¦ : -'/-. .
THE Rldgcwood handicap, at six
furlongs, the best piece of racing
material on the card at Oakland
yesterday. was captured by
Caesar Young's clever mare Prin
cess Titania. With 100 pounds on her
back, she tarried the bulk of the public
money wcLgcred. and at odds of 6 to 5
came frcrn last position under Lee Jack
eon's ot'ntairft, downirur The PHd« l«f B
than "a lengtr. ">u i.:14. Frank' Hell raced
Sharp Bird to a finish, after which he
tired, finishing third. Vlckery on The
Pride was unable to keep his mount from
swerving in toward the rail through the
stretch, or he would undoubtedly have
won. "-'¦-.,
Favorites took a turn for the better,
capturing five of the six races decided.
Ransch and Jackson divided the honors,
each piioting two winners.
MacFlecknoe. a 30 to 1 shot in the bet
ting on the introductory sprint, gave the
crowd a scare by leading to the paddock
before he bepran tiring. El Pilar, the fa
vorite, with Ransch up, then went on and
beat Lief Prince a length. MacFlecknoe
lasted long cnonugh to finish third.
Ransch also piloted Expedient, winner
cf the mllo and a sixteenth .selling num
ber. The Flambeau gelding ruled a pro
nounced favorite, and overtaking Rasp in
tho last 100 yards scored by a neck. Sol
faded away after cutting out the pace for
a way. Elfonse, a 15 to 1 shot, ran Into
the show.
U'illle See on Divlna. the heavily played
favorite for the seven-furlong run,- took
ell sorts of chances with his mount, and
then won hands down. Cut off and pock
eted repeatedly, the daughter of Bassec-
S»«.r— To follow tips— fijwrt page
law came through on the rail, leading out
Ada N two lengths. Reina de Cuba made
the running and then finished third.
Jackpon was much criticized for his ride
on Varro, the 3 to 5 favorite for the mile
and a sixteenth selling event. It was
claimed by spectators that Jackson pur
posely allowed his mount to swerve in
behind Gawaine and True Blue, the last
sixteenth. This was an injustice, for the
horse was tired beyond question and bore
In of his own' accord. Three furlongs
from the wire Varro looked beaten, and
at the wire Gawaine led him out not quite
a length in 1:48«4-
Saul of Tarsus, the 9 to 5 favorite, won
the concluding six-furlong spin. Jackson
had him in front almost from the first
jump, running In first at the home plate
two lengths in advance of Moablna.
Trapshooters Will Me?t.
The . various clubs which make up" the
California Inanimate Target Association
will be represented to-night at, a meeting
to be held in the office of A. M. Shields.
It is intended to discuss the advisability
of -holding; the annual tournament of the
association. If a tournament be. decided
upon a place to hold it will be named.
Hollister wanted it , last year and may
again bid for the privilege of / entertain
ing, the gunmen. .<
The Union Gun Club will hold a public
shoot -at "Ingleside on the 20th Inst. The
feature of the card will be the competi
tion for the Shields cup. This will De a
fifty-bird handicap, open to all gunmen,
irrespective of club affiliations. |
- The membeFs of. the California Wing
Club will hold their monthly live bird
shoot to-morrow at Ingleside. .
Athletes Eligible to Compete.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 4.—
The list of Stanford men eligible to enter
the field meet against California has been
sent to Berkeley by >Professor Frank
Angell of the faculty athletic committee.
The following names were submitted: F.
Alderson, H. Barkan, E. C. Beach, H. W.
Bell, C. R. Blodgett, O. E. Bremner, B.
C.. Bubb, C. E. Burton, H. A. Campbell,
E. M. .Chadbourne, " -H.--S. . Coe, : -W. E.
Crawford, W. A. Crossman. R. L. Crow
foot, ; W. •'P. Davis, J. G. Dehy, W. H.
Dole, W. F.. Dunn, V. O. Ellenwood, E.
K. Finney, C. L. Firebaugh, b\ H. Fow
ler, L. E. Fuller, P. K. Funke, H. S. Gay,
F._ F. Gundrum, H. L. Hamilton, C. u.
Harkins, P. C. Harper, S. O. Haver, H.
B. Hawkins, L. C. Hawley, A. L. Henley,
F. S. Holman, C. B. Hopper, T. G. Hos
mer, C. E. Hyde, O. E. Hyde, E. V. Kehr
lein Jr., F. A. Kitching, H. P. Kuhn, F.
A. Leib, E. A. Luce, L. S. Lyons, J. C.
McCaughern, T. McCaughern, R. P. Mc-
Laughlin, J. L. McWethy, O. T. Main
waring, H. A. Moran, W. J. Morin, D.
Moulton.F. E. Naugle, C. Naramore, T.
Palmer, E. Y. Pomeroy, S. P. Reed, T.
H. Sevier, E. A. Smith, H. A. Sprague,
O. G. Stanley, T. E. Stephcnson, G. R.
Stevens, G. S. Strout, A. B. Swinerton,
D. Tarpey, A. M.- Thompson, T. Van
Sickle, A. B.- Watson, F. P. Whitaker. F.
O. Woodums, A. J. Zschokke. .
CRICKET SEASON THIS YEAR -
WTLI, BE .LATE IN OPENHfQ
First Match, Between the Alameda
and Pacific Elevens, is Sched
uled for May 4. , 1
The cricketers will be somewhat late
in opening the season J.hls year. In 1901
the first match was/ played on < April 21,
while this year the opening match is set
for May 4. H. C. Casidy and Henry
Ward, the committee appointed at the an
nual meeting to prepare a schedule of
events for 1902, have finished their, work.
Sixteen matches will be played to decide
the premiership among the clubs. The
two city clubs, Alameda and Pacific, will
play ten matches each, and the two coun
try clubs will engage in six matches each.
The schedule follows:
May 4," Alameda vs. Pacific, at .Alameda;
May IS, Pacific vs. AlameUa, at Alameda;
May 30, Pacific vjT. Santa Cruz, at Alameda;
May _1, Alameda vs. Santa Cruz, at Alameda;
June 15, Alameda vs.. Pacific, at. Alameda;
June 22, Sacramento vs. Alameda, at ' Sacra
mento; July 4. Santa Cruz vs.- Pacific, at Santa.
Cruz; July 13, Pacific vs. Alameda. | at Ala
meda; July 27, -Pacific vs. Sacramento, 'at. Ala-,
meda; August 3, Alameda vs.- Pacific, at Ala
rncc'a: August 23. Sacramento vs. Santa Cruz,
at Alameda; August -J4, Santa pruz vs. Sacra
mento, at.Aiamcda; August 31, , Pacific .vs.
Alameda. at Alameda; September 7, 8 and;!),
trip to Lake County; September 21, Alameda
vs. Sacramento, at , Alameda; September 28,
Santa Cruz vs. Alameda. fit .Santa Cruz;'.Oc
tober 5, Sacramento vs. Pacific, at Sacramento.
During the season the Alameda and Pa
ciiic teams will each visit Sacramento- and
Santa i Cruz, - the . . Sacramento . men will
visit Alameda three times,' and the Santa
Cruz . eleven .will .pay two visits, each of
two days, to Alameda. ¦ ¦ •
The Pacific Cricket Club has recently
sustained a severe loss In the death of - its
secretary, William Henderson. He was a
native of England and an enthusiastic
cricketer. . , . ' ¦ ¦ -.-
The Santa Cruz Country Cricket. Club
has succeeded in gathering a strong team
this year -and should be able "to make a
good, contest for premier position. The
team -ihcludes" J. IV. Coope, H.F.-Ander
son,' D. Johnston, F. W. Stansfeld, P. D.
Gellatlj', A. Jenkins, W. - Thomas, -. E. ' G.
Sloman, A. Reynolds, Harold Richardson,
E. H. Day, E. B. Collings, D. B. Bowley,
H. H. Cookson, A. G. 6heath,-.W. Stagg,
G. : Butler, 1 W. Banner, A. Whitaker, E.
Worthington, R. Price-Dent and E. F.
Hilton. " . . \
T. W. Beakbane of the Burns Valley
Cricket r Club, . Lake V County, who was
chosen one of the -vice presidents of the
California Cricket. Association at the an
nual meeting, has offered a- prize to the
cricketers, to I be :. awarded as \ may seem
best to the directors of the association. '
Sweeney . created a sensation when he
first went East, being the star pitcher of
'his- time. 'Some time after he returned
to this coast he killed "Gossoon" Mc-
Manus, for which he served a term In
San Quentin. He was pardoned, but his
health was broken down and he did not
enjoy his liberty. He went to the hospi
tal three months ago, but was then be
yond medical aid. •
GEORGE G. GOULD'S BRACE OF ENGLISH SETTERS, WHICH WILL BE
BENCHED IN THE SPORTING SECTION OF THE FORTHCOMING
DOG SHOW OF THE'SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL, CLUB.
SOCIETY MEN TO OWN
A SPORTING JOURNAL
Articles of Incorporation Are Filed
and Purchase of Pastime Is
Contemplated. ;
1-eading society men of this city plan to
have an official organ, through which they
can publish to the world what the smart
Bet is doing In various lines of sport. By
the incorporation of the Western Field
Company W. W. j Van Arsdale, C. S.
Wheeler, F. W. Van Sicklen, E. F. Pres
ton, C. E. Word en, H. W. Keller, Alex
Homilton, J. M. Quay, J. Downey Har
vey, C. W. HIbbard and William S. Tevia
intend to become controllers of "Pastime,"
a magazine devoted to amateur sport.
This. paper Is. a weekly magazine and Is
widely read by devotees of gentlemen's
sports. "When the paper becomes the
property of the Western Publishing Com
pany it will practically become the official
organ of the Burlingame, Country and
other clubs. Dr. C. W. Hibbard's name
has been suggested as manager.
It is the intention of the new owners to
bring from the East a writer who is an
authority on the dog and the gun.
of the Elmwood Farm horses In a few
days. This closes the incident.
Following are the entries for to-day's
races:
First race— Futurity course; selling; three
year-olds.
3220 Dandy 11"! 3541 Torso Maid.. .112
3541 Swlftlight ...112J3523 E. M.Brittaln.114
3511 Cathello 111! 3470 Golden Cot'gelU
2922 Yellowstone .117 3550 Quadra 117
3157 Martin Bell.. 112
Second race — Four furlongs; purse; two-year
olds. . ,
851U)Alsono 105 3482 Deutschland .10S
...» Brumel 103 .'.i>___2 Joslc Wheel'r.100
.... Gorgalete ....100 3528 Horatius. . 103
3510 Gold Van 10:. (3528) Honlton 105
3487 Clarinette ...105 3528 Dick Roberts. 103
Thlfd race — Six and a half furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward. • •
3521 Frtdolin 106 3167 Nellie Holton.104
Indio 114 (34S0)Dr. Boyle - . . .110
3537 Isallne 114 3478 Bonitary ; 101
3512 Diderot 113 328U Bab .111
350S Dlomed 116 3527 Mike Rice ...110
3419 Belario 103 3530 Satan ...Ill
Fourth race — Two miles; the Waterhouse
handicap; purse $25C0; three-year-olds and up
(154:!)Plan 95'(3446)SIddons '. . 108.
<3CO0)Frangible 105 3524 Rio Shannon. 100
3308 Nones 115 3500 Llzolla 104
3308 Obia 100 3543 Marshal Nell. 95
Firth race — One and a sixteenth miles; the
Fait mount handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward.
(3538)Antclee 105 (3524)MacGyle 102
(3518)Com. Forster.100 (353G)Posltion 114
3540 Milas 90i 3531 The Fretter. ..100
Sixth race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
oldg and upward. . - •
30C0 Alfred C -. .. .111 (3483)T. of Candles.lOfl
(H523)Evander 101 32»2 Ben Ledl ....109
(3535) Bernota, 105 (3544) John Peters . . 104
310S Rainier Ill 3483 Mission 111
3525 Kittle Kelly.. 730 3538 Impromptu ..111
3038 Redwald Ill 3303 Jerid ....... .114
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Golden Cottage, E. M. Brlttaln,
Dandy.
Second race— Alsono, Gold Van, Honlton.
Third race — Dr. Boyle. Isallne, Nellie Holton.
Fourth race — Nonea, Llzella, Frangible.
Fifth race — Mllas. Antolee, Position.
Sixth race — Tower of Candles, John Peters,
Impromptu.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Friday, April 4.— Weather fine.^Track fast.
."i."»45. FIRST RACE — Six furlorfps; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $323.
i i I • i inciting.
Index ; II crs«. Age, Wetght.|St. *_.,.%. Str. Km. j Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
5533 1H! Pilar. 3 102! 5 4 h 2 n In 11 Iliurns & Watrhs.Ranschl 8-5 3-2
::+*,-• iLirf Prince 4 113) C Cl 41 3'i 2n (William Cahill Hoar 5 7
S9S9 iMacFlocknoc, 5 ..113 2 12 1 2 ' 2 *_ 3 >_ jGrten & Henry. .Foucon 15 30
_7Ui J2eau Monde, a... lid _ 7 4 0 i _ 5 2 42 IW. McGuire Tullett 10 50
jAuat Mary, a 111 7 2 1 3 «i 4% 8 2 C. W. Chappell. ..Stuart 20 30
OK:! ;Sir Claus, :{ 100 » 5)4 9276 64 A. B. Spreckeis. .L. Daly 15 15
:.<•<:•; U.u Clif.cden, 5..111 S 5 2 5 2 6 1 ' 7 10 J. U Rector Conky 7 20
2C::{ |Rps:n. 3 10T.! 3 82 10 2 81 81 Smith & Co Prior 100 250
_3Sl j\Vi:inecook. _ Bill 11 S }i » _ 0 1 HI. Wilson. .AVinslette 0 8
3413 'Lcmon-l. _ 11«! 1 3 h 7 % 10 10 Ki 10 JUagrane & Co...Tro_ler 10' 15
' SS» JSQ Bte-.S < t ?.. . .110110 10 2^11 11 11 JJ. P. Atkln Jackson __2 :>
Tinit — 'i. J24'.i: U., :1_; %. 1:1*%. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, Burns
& Water-house's b. c. by El Rio Rey-Fonsetta, Winner was best. MacFlecknoe stopped.
Scratched — Clarando 111.
3540. SECOND RACE— 1 1-16 miles; Belling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
. . _ . . | Betting. >-
Index :Horse, Age. Weight. |St. M. V,. Str. Fin. ) Owner and Jockey, j Op. C;.
S500 ]Expedipnt 5 10011 Cn 4n 2 2 In P. E. Smith Ransch.' 0-5 11-10
:jl7o !i:a*p 4 101 3 2n 3 4 1 % 2 4 J. Green Hoar 10 15
H5-T_ IK'.ronse, 4 102! 7 7 1 5 1 4 >j 3 1 C. P. Fink Stuart 10 i5
:;£__ |Sol _ 635 12 2n 5 2 42 P. C. Donaleche. .Butler 10 10
:;'i7(; IComp.iss., 4 »4 0 5 h SI 0 2 5 2 James Wilson. . .Treanor 15 *25
ZZi'i |La Calma. 4 08 4 35 11 3h 03 Elmwood Fami.Winslett 10 25
."liT. IMajor Hooker a.".lC0 8 9 1 7 1 7 1 7 3 W. M. Jortall Dyer r.0 lia)
C.V» I Gold Baron. « 102110 10 05 92-82 . H. . L. Haskell Belli DO GO .
BW jSlecping Child. 3.. 81 2 41 64 81 02 J. T. Moran Moran 40 100
SMS JKIllecn, 5 lOOl 9 11 11 10 1 10 1 M. Allman. . .Fauntleroy 40 SO
.-,.'¦20 'Morengo. C lOC'jll 8 2 10 11 11 |E. M. O'Brien. .Jacksrnj « 13-5
Tirr-.e — \i. :24li; *~. :49: %. 1:15; m, 1:42»A; 1 l-16m, 1:4S^. Bad start. Won first three
tlriving. Winner, P. E. Smith's ch. g. by Flambeau-Experiment.' Expedient best.. Rasp
¦was all In.
3T»47. THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; thre*-year-olds and up; to first, ?323.
. . r~Bettlng.
Index! Horse. Ajre. TTeigIit.jSt. %. %. - Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3541) 'Divlna 3 107 7 6 % 5 1 31 12E1 Primero Stable.. .See 8-5 11-10
:;TC5 JAda X 4 112 2 4h 4h 2n 2n. Antrim Stable. . .Troxler 4 : <>
?50T> IRelna de Cuba, 6.115 5 .3 h In 14>* 3 ( Baldwin & Co..Bozeman 10 13
c;450)!Duke York II a..H7| 1 95 94 4 H 4 h I. MorehouEe Jackson 15 20
:;480 |Mike Strauss," 6. .117 4 2 n 2 h 8 h 5 h W. E. Cotton Hoar 5 7
(0478) llallakwa 6 120 6 0 1 7 1 O *£ (i hi D. Cameron Conley 8 15
S390 iRey Dare 4 114! 9 7 1 8 4 7 1 7 Va J. C. Xealon Ransch C 7
S&3S lour Lizzie, a.... 1151 S 1 1% 3 2 8 U 8 h T. W. Hayes.... L. Daly C 12
?,0:C- I Flourish 3 109110 8 V> 6 V* 9 W » 10 H. I. Wilson.... Vittatoe 10 15
2i2(> lAlturas, 6 ,117| 8 10 * 10 10 10 P. E. Smith A. Kelly| 30 CO
Time — 5tJ :24; li, :49; %, 1:16; T&. l'-2S. Good start Woi^ first three driving. * Winner. El
Primero Stable's br. t. by Bassetlaw-AngelTgue. Divlna cut off half a dozenplmes* Ada
N la.me. Reina de Cuba more epped than usual. Scratched — Maraschino 109.' El Rey 114.
354S. FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; Rldgewood hdep. ; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $400.
I ! j Belting-
Index [Horse. Age, Weight. (St. %. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. .
* t I ______________ .
."5519 *Prin. Titania, 4.. 100 5 4 1% 41 31 1% Caesar Young. ..Jackson 13-10 C-5
::519 ;The Pride, 6 10s( 6 6 5 1 5% 2% T.H.Ryan Vlckery 5 7
_r.l9 'Frank Bell. 0 110 2 2»_2 1%lh 3 1^ J.W.O'Neal & Co.Foucon 15 23
T.531 JKaeerdon, 5 Ill 3 32 3H4h 43 H. L. Frank Ransch 3-2 11-5
2007 ISharp Bird. 5.... 10C 1 11 lb 2%B4 A. H. Vivell Troxler 10 8
S507 iByron P>oge. 4 107| 4 5 3.6 6 6 Ray Wilson Prior 15 12
Time — V*. :24Vi; %, :49; »i, 1:14. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, Caesar
youngs br. m. by Mansetto-Queen Titania. Princess away last, received best ride. Equally
well rld<5<?n' The Pride would have scored. Byron Rose can do better. f
3543. FIFTH RACE— 1 1-6 miles; selling; three-year-oldg and upward; to first. $325.
T- j j " : ' ~ Betting.
In-exlHorse. Age. Weight-ISt, %. Vt. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3S2C iGawalne, 4 100 5 2 »_ 2 1 1 H 1 «4 W. E. Cotton . .Hoar| 4 4
3531 iVarro, 4 104 3 3 3 32 3 1 2 % G. W. Miller Jacksonl 3-5 3-0
3502 'True Blue, a 108 1 13 12 2 1-3-2. G. Summers & Co.Troxlr 8 9
SC2C iL«ena, a 102 4 4 5 4 3 4 10 4 6 F. T. Nichols Ransch 10 8
3_26 '.Einstein. 6 Ill 2 -5 h 7 5 10 5 15 L. Levy Conley 25 100
3523 IGoal Runner. 6...106J 6 6%0»_«4 «8 Alaska Stable Flick 20 50
<3527);pchl for Scndal. 4. 1081 7 7 017 7 J. Weber L. Daly 10 15
Time— 14, :24'--.; w,, :49; -%, 1:15; mile, 1:42; 1 l-6m. 1:48%. Bad, start. Won first three
drU-ing. Winner," W. E. Cottcn's b. g. by Florist-Glenda. Gawaine was best, or- else Varro
is not what he is cracked up to be. . True B.ue tired. Scandal receded in the betting.
Scratched — Silver Fizz 98. 1
3550. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; to first, $325.
I i T~" j Belting.
Index IHcnse. Age, "Weight. St. »_. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey, j Op. CL
.T.O-. ISaul of Tarsus. 5.117 3 1 n 1 1 1 1% 1 2 JJ. O. Walz Jackson 2 9-5
(319!);Moab.na, 2 fl" 7 3 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 'F. Phillips. . .J.. gheehan 5 4
.;r,2T» iKlr.g Dellls, 5 110 6 4h 4 1 3 1 3 1 C. Llnd Troxler 4 5
.r.->2 ; Fi ret Shot. 5 113 4 22 3 %- 4 1 - 4 n P. MoOre. Ransch 0 0
3532 JQuadra -1 111. S 7 1 7 1 6 1 5 1 Curl & Co Knapp 10- 12
:W51 IMaresa. 4 113 1 5 >_ 5 1 hi 6% J. H. Dolan Howell 10- 20
.'>47!« iKttle Walcott, 5.111 10 10 9 6 7 17 1 E. ICauffman. ..Bozeman 10. 20
2S.J5 IWiwr. 6 "1 » 8 H 8 % 82 81 C. P. Ferroll ...See 50 100
XM1 iVantine, 5 Ill 8 6 1 0 H 9 10 9 15 W. M. Rogers. Fauntlroy 3 5
¦HH0 lRose_of Hn°._i--102 J 8 h_10^ »10 10 IGeq Webb Spargur 10 15
Tfirip— 'Z.~T24' / _r" 1 _, :49; %. 1:15. Good -Btart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, J. O. Walx's ch. sr. by Watercress- Judith. . Winner best. King Drills as • the
comedian made a hit. Chorus not bo good. Scratch*. — Dandy 102. Ned Dennis 113.
tike; o-a__c_i_, 7 s iR^onsro fo:r,:m: chart
The fourteen straight score men who
will shoot to-morrow are R. W. Cool.
Guy V. Decring, C. S. Spencer. M. B. D.
Darby. R. O. Heikes. George A. Roll, L..
J. Squire. H. C. Hirschy. J. L. M. Morri
ron, Fred Gilbert. J. D. Pollard, F. Suy
den, L, H. Owen and T. W. Clay.
The contest will be resumed at 9 o'clock
*o-morrow morning and will continue un«
tii one man without a miss remains, and
he will be the wingshot champion of the
United States. The sixty-two men rank-
Ing next below him will share in the 512.
225 of prize money.'
Grand American Handicap Has
Beached the Tenth Hound of*
'the Shoot-Off. .
KANSAS CITY, April 4.— Thirty-three
wing shots made a straight score of
twenty-five birds to-day In the Grand
Ameritan handicap. At the end of the
tenth round of the shoot-off fourteen men
remained who had not yet missed a bird.
The shooting stopped at the end of the
tenth round of the shoot-off on account
of darkness.
rOUSTEEN GUNMEN HAVE
UOT MISSED A PIGEOX
PHICAGO, April 4.— Joe "U'alcott, the
welter-weight champion, and Fred
U Russell of Minneapolis went Six
rounds to a draw here to-night, -..us
sell, who is a . heavy-weight, and a
big one at that, was unable , to do any
thing with Walcctt. and it certainly
seemed the latter was entitled to the ver
dict, having forced the fighting through
out. ¦ ...
When the men shaped for action there
was such a disparity in their sizes that
the affair looked ridiculous, Walcott s
head just reaching Russell's waistline.
The men had fought but a minute, how
fever, when it was plainly evident the lit
tle negro was perfectly able to cope /with
his big opponent, and rather enjoyed
holding up Russell's 225 pounds when they
clinched. Before the round ended W al
cott dropped Russell with a right to the
jaw. In order to land the blow Walcott
had to jump off his feet fully six inchts.
Russell took a count of nine seconds and
rose to his feet groggy. Walcott worked
like a beaver to finish the fight, but the
bell gave Russell a much needed rest. He
was in fair shape at the beginning of the
next round.
He appeared timid during the next four
rounds and kept well covered, but man
aged to land several hard swings on Wal
cott's head. Walcott paid little attention
to Russell's efforts and kept Siamming
away for the latter's ribs with both
hands. Walcott tried for a knockout sev
eral times, but missed by a narrow mar
gin. In the last round Walcott reached
Russell's stomach with a number of hard
swings, and had the big fellow so weak
that, although weighing nearly 100 pound3
less, he was able to push Russell all over
the ring when they came to a clinch.
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S RACES AT THE OAKLAND TRACK
LONDON'. April 4.— Foxhall Keene. the
American sportsman, was riding with
the hounds, near Borough Hill, Mel
ton Mov.bray, to-day, when his horse
fell at the first fence and rolled over
him. Mr. Keene, who was unconscious for
a considerable time, recovered sufficiently
to be removed to Dalby Hall, the home
of the master of the fox- hounds.
A FEATURE of the forthcoming show
of the San Francisco Kennel Club
will be the friendly rivalry^, among
the ladies of the smart set, when
their dogs are led into the judging
ring. ' ¦¦•.;."..
ivirs. Francis J. Carolan. of Burltngame
was a heavy purchaser last September at
the show. of the\ Ladies' Kennel Associa
tion, held in Madison Square Garden, /New
York. She will show a fox terrier and a
collie and possibly some others.
Mrs. W. H. Crocker wiil show a Pome
ranian, a toy spitz, fashionable In the
East and in England. Mrs. Crocker and
Princess Poniatowski own the only speci
mens of the rare breed on this coast.
Mrs. ¦"W. B. Hooper will be represented
by her deer hounds.
Miss Bruce will show some Skye ter
riers, while Mrs. Walter Magee will show
wire-haired fox terriers. The Misses Sar
gent will enter- for competition their
Blenheim spaniel Dorothy and their Irish
terrier Bridget. .
Miss Ethel Tompkins will | show her
cocker spaniels. -¦:.-¦
The sporting section will be particularly
strong in pointers and setters, many val
uable dogs of these breeds being owned
on the coast.
The coursing men have entered with
spirit into the work of making the grey
hound section of the show the most inter
esting part of the exhibition. Union Paik
added $250 to the prize money and the In?
laeisiaie Coursing Ciub added $100 at its
last meeting. The club also named five of
its members as a committee to assist the
California Coursing committee in mak
ing the exhibit a success. The sub-com
mittee consists of C. C. Griswold, super
intendent of Union Coursing Park; Dr.
Christianson, Eugene Geary, L. S. Holt
man and W. H. Hinchman. '
The greyhounds entered In the dog
show will.be eligible to compete In a
special stake to be decided at Union Park
during the week following . the • show.
There will be no entrance lee. The dogs
will be divided Into two classes according
to their relative standing in coursing.
It has also been arranged that grey
hounds in training may be taken from
the show each night and not returned un
til 2 p. m. of the following day. By this
arrangement, the work of conditioning the
coursers will not be interfered with. '
Entries for the show will close next
Saturday at 138 Montgomery street with
I* A. Klein, honorary manager and sec
retary of the show.
Head of the Barbadoes
Wonder Ju.t Reaches the
Wastline of Opponent
The American Rider Is' Then
Moved to the Home of.
the Msster of the Hounds
Spectators Seem to Th ; nk
the Welter-Weight Boxer
Entitled to the Decision
His" Horse Falls at the
First Fence and Rolls
Over on Him . Hesviiy
WALCOTT FIGHTS
A DRAW WITH BIG
FRED RUSSELL
FOXHALL KEENE
INJURED ON THE
HUNTING FIELD
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB SHOW PREPARATIONS ARE RAPIDLY NEARING COMPLETION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRILS, 1902.
Mrs- Francis J. Carolan, Princess Poniatowski,.Mrs. W. H.
¦Crocker andMrs. W. B. Hooper Will Be Represented in
Several Classes 'by Dogs Which Have Won in the East
LADY EXHIBITORS WILL BE PROMINENT
IN THE JUDGING RING AT THE PAVILION
5
Beauty's Blood Deep
How untrue the old adage "Beauty's Skin Deep." How many women of beauti-
ful features marred by impure blood try in vain to get a pure complexion by doctor*'
ing the skin. The quickest, surest, only way to beauty is to cleanse the blood.
_arf^!W^ __*5_k. ¦¦'• "' h» T « been taicinz Casearets for piaiples and
MflpilC-MIL !_--••¦ . h-Yobeen irrestly benefited."
¦ —Miss Gertrude Grant, Carabrtds"!. Mass.
.- jflr|ffly™jgT"' l gyg-fl8-H(-_-_-. "I am tst7 well pleased -rlth Casearets. They <_¦¦»
.' _^^_SHSt— 2_S^S__!_^hB_____S-_*H_H__ tLno tor the complexion. "
r| --B-M>WBg<Hw|>Wg^^J[j^gHftfc^S_EM|>[» h - — Miss Catherine C. Coffman, S. English, I.-w
**~T____Ml_r' -V: t l_^fl_-_B-H-BWll_BBJ r^Efc _ "Casearets -rill clear tha complexion of boils.
A iwa8C-W_<IMK _ ~^~*^W_»__»— awl__V '— > - pimples and blackheads caused br impura blood.'.
. fflBffifflfflCTj"*^^-" ~^*- =:^__iHwSw_ -A. £. Griffln, II. D., StubbleflelJ. Texas.
¥^ ~y~*£ "Casearsts have dons a eroat deal of good for m.
(P^^^-^l-^-iiU —Mini Florence* Cook, Webster City. Is.
w5_^St*>=2"'^ " j -""* » dd m ? testimonial to your valuable
i^feEB-^S^yiH- medicine Casearets for stomach trouble."
•Sfe-_y_ar_- v -____ ctwW_=S?s_f* — Ireno Aelcerman (famous sinjer).
Tk>ss4ar^ W W3St Flft8e - th Street, Net- Tori.
- '- - _gJ*_E_9 _£-£_ &°% _5_"S___bf "1 wta suffering with sick headaches a great deat, bus
/^5e£23I _*| " S»v ttgtaKasiK after talcing a box of Caseareta, am entirely cured."
j/^^)-^_^ L. /l^§_r —Miss Clara Stimmel, 2_3 So. Saadaaky St., Del.-.ware. O.
rC__L >Sft *!?* _^_«7 "Casearets did m© a world of eood. My llTer— -as in bad
X_~~ *_ii_ J _K_r condition for some tim* ami one box cured me."
p* 8 ****/^! <~ _HsL —Miss JIabel Allen. Clare, Mlckisan.
iC?U»* i^A\'^\. JHS^ . "I haro taken Caseareta for my complexion and find
.V a ijir*'r~\\ X. *s-2» _r IbS? they ara Terr pleasant to ta<o and have beaeute>l ins
' \V__?___i4l ••M^ Y^J wonderfully."— Mils EUz» V. Hunter, Palatka. Florida.
Y^^"*S-_fc^». 5Sr V_ "My wife had pimples on her face. She took Cascarete
J^ S^~~^-^i^Jp£. V__^^^^_. ' and tha pimples al^disappeared. We cannot speak to*
V h jfy^P "**^^ -^ ' ¦ — F"* 1 W-t-jian, 5703 Germanto-rn Are.. Phlla., Pa.
' \ : // . ' "at- "When I commenced taking Casearets. I woa-ver-weals
V . AL' ff ' 'M ¦ •-* nerrons an4 had a -ery offensive breath. It li novr
V If / flre months sinco I quit taking Casearets and nil Ciom
1 f / awful spells hare disappeared." . • .
'...:».' —iiU- Annie Dunjan, Enrcliard, lad.
How many, many young women are anaemic, pale, sickly-looking, perhaps
with 'pimples on face and, neck, owing to poor, " unhealthy blood. Perhaps wo-
manhood is approaching, that serious time of life when irregularities are liable
•to ; break; down a" constitution. The first rule for purifying and enriching' tha
blood is to; keep the bowels free and natural, gently but positively, without ner-
vous shock, and Casearets Candy Cathartic is the only medicine to do. it.
_Wr\ _• i/Vft n _Yv Be8t for the Boyvel *' A » druggists, ioc, 33c, 50c. Never told to bulk.
iVw'_iV\A'MyVv The _e nulne tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
_T.. l!_ TjiZ-S^ money back. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. atSpecial information supplied dally to
business houses and nubile m«»n w »h-.
) f'The^Ohio Legislature, has repealed the act against
corrupt. practices ;at elections on the' ground that it
encouraged; perjury, an'dnow for the same big rea
son the Ohio fellows might as well repeal all their
tax. laws.-. .-'•; ¦'¦'¦¦ ;-r
Townsend's California glace'fru't 50c a
P° un <*.Jn nre-etched boxea or Jap baa-
THE PENNANT-aubscriber. City The
narrow pennant or whip flag of the United
States has the union composed of thirteen
white stars in horizontal line on a blue
field one-fourth; the length of the pennant
the remainder being a* strip of white and
one of red. each of the same breadth at
any part of the" taper, with the red unner
most ' * *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Stuffed prunes with apricots. Townaend's.*
• The young New- York bank official who -quietly
walked out, of the bank the other day when his ac
counts'were found dishonest, will probably find that
walking under such conditions will inevitably- lead to
a' penitentiary. '-.
NIGHT SCHOOL-J. H. S., City Th*
night school, that was at the'eoraer of
Bush and Stockton streets has been tran/
f erred to the Lincoln School building and
Is now known as the Lincoln Evening
School. The course of study is business
methods, shorthand writing, typewriting
Spanish and French.
WILL ARD— Theater-goer, City The
last time that E. S. Wlllard was at the
Baldwin Theater in this city he appeared
in "The Middleman," in "The ProflSe"
and In. "Judah."-
Highwayman; Woods, who was one of the rascals
involved- in. the murder of Police Officer Robinson
is entitled to the congratulations- of decent citizens'
He is recovering from the .wounds he received in
the fight arid .will live to be hanged -
NEW YORK. April 4.-The following
Calif ornians are in New York-
From San Francisco— E. Brlneyar at the
Manhattan; W. N. Duval, at the' West
minster;. R. H. Hugg. at the Park Ave
nue; Mrs. A. C. Taylor and Mrs M H
Stayner. at the Criterion; A. C. Doiinell
and Mrs. M. B. Medbury. at the Imperial-
C. Rummelsburg, at the Cadillac- S a.
Sarle. at the Herald Square, and H WH
son, at the Broadway Central.
From Los Angeles-M. A. Murphy at
the Navarre.
San Jose-^A. L. Wyllie, at the
Rossmore. ¦ . , . °
Calif ornians in New York.
TKUMPS-E. J. N.. City. I n douWe
pedro you have to follow suit If anythimr
else but trumps Is led, unless you trumif
A player can trump at any time
ANSWERS TO COBRESPONDENTS.
In one of the local courts a woman is asking $50000
damages for.the alleged alienation of her presumably
worthless husband's affections. It would be interest
ing,to know what the lady would want' if the gentle
man was worth having.
The District Attorney of New York declares &atf
in order to stop gambling, which the police wink at
it will be necessary to 'raise a large campaign fund'
Is it possible that. he. means. to bribe, the blacklegs of
the department to do their. duty? * :
The one danger to the bill is the conflict over the
route: For:a long time the Panama route was not
taken into consideration by the mass of the: Ameri-"
can people .because it was ' supposed to be in French
hands and unattainable by us on fair, terms: Hold
ing such views," the Nicaragua route became identil
fied in the popular mind with the 'canarproject. The
As a matter of fact it has never been at all likely
that any considerable number of Republicans would
be in favor of sacrificing the canal bill to any other
measure no matter how important it may be. The
country has for so long a timebeen eager to see the
construction of the great waterway begun that - it
would be a gross political blunder for the party now
in power to postpone the work merely because some
other bill could not be carried. Up to this timejjthe
enterprise has never been looked upon as a partisan
one, nor a sectional one. It has been studied from
a broad national standpoint, and the people would
never approve of the conduct of any statesman !in.
either House who would imperil.it for the sake of
doing politics for some pet measure of his own.
REPORTS from Washington to the effect. that
friction between the House and the Senate
would probably lead to a postponement of
action on the isthmian canal bill have been promptly
refuted. Senator chairman of the Republi
can steering committee, states that provision has
been made for taking up the canal bill at an early
date and giving.it the right of way. ; Other Senators
have indorsed the statement, and it'seems agreed by
leading men of both parties that the measure will be
disposed of at this session. > v .
THE CANAL AND THE SENATE
"Footpads get twenty years" has become a wel
come and; familiar' headline for accounts. of proceed
ings in our local courts. Every man in San Fran
cisco who.does not covet his neighbor's property will
™ nt . imie t0 h °P e that; the marauding will
never . get anything else for their labors. '
The fact that a mother consented to sell her daugh
ter to a life of shame in this city seems to have oc
curred to certain /gentlemen in authority as a miti
gating circumstance in' the conduct of the male
rascal in the case, r To ordinary and healthy minds
the new/evidence would be proof of a crime far more
dastardly than that first charged. ' ¦¦ ' . '
George R. Elliott, a merchant o« Port,
land. Ore.. 13 at the Lick. He Is accom
panied by his wife.
H. E. Dillon, a mining man. Who re
sides at Reno, Nev., is among the arrivals
at tho Grand.
W. J. Pendrey, a merchant of. Victoria
B. C. is spending a few days at the
Grand.
R. F. Winchester, a medical practitioner
cf Santa Barbara, is a guest at th»
Grand.
James McCudden, the naval contractor
of Vallejo, 13 among the arrivals at the
Grand. ' ..'
E. L. Webber, a Napa attorney. Is at
the Grand.
. B. Roca, a physician of Holllster, is a
guest at the California.
E. .C. Moulton. a prominent resident of
Riverside. Is at the Palace. \ . >
F. O. Gray, a raisin manufacturer of
Fresno, is at the Occidental." *-
E. G. Hatton, a prominent resident of
Monterey, is a guest at the Lick..
P. J. Guran. a mining man of Butte
Mont., is registered at the Palace.
Charles Murroe," an attorney of -Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
PERSOiNAL MENTION.
Delegate Wilcox of Hawaii has written
to a friend here, from Washington, ex
pressing the opinion that as a result of
Governor Dole's trip to Washington tl e
latter will serve his full term as Gov
ernor. Wilcox sa>-3 that the chances <tt
Sam Parker -to.be Governor are gone
Bishop Nichols of California has arrived
here, to take over the Anglican church of
Hawaii, which will come under American
Jurisdiction on the first of April. On that
date the resignation of . Bishop " Willis
takes effect. He may go to Tonga.
A revolting story of neglect and ill
treatment has come from the leper set
tlement on Molokai and Is being investi
gated by the. Board of Health. It Is stated
that two lepers who were .. accused of
stealing sheep were cast into prison and
kept oii a bread and water diet, though
one of them waa-in a very weak condi
tion. He did not receive .medical at
tendance, according to the charges that
have been made, and lay helpless in jail
until he was found by friends in a fear
ful condition and was removed. He died
the next day. The Board of Health has
appointed a special committee which will
take a steamer to Molosal next Monday
and investigate.- ."\>7i
The schooner Olga. which arrived here
on the 22d from Newcastle, with a cargo
of coal, has been found to be leaking.
The transport Meade arrived here on the
27th, from San Francisco. She will prob
ably leave to-morrow for Manila.
During the hearing of the case, which
has not been concluded. Judge Hum
phreys threatened E. O. White with per
jury proceedings. . A. B. Wood, another
witness and Interested party, was sum
moned to answer for an attempt to In
fluence a witness.
HONOLULU. March . 29.-A financial
scanoal Involving some well known local
men has been exposed by the suit of Mrs
Ellen McCully Higgins against the Waiki
ki Land and Loan Association and others.
Mrs. Higgins brought the suit on account
of a note executed for her for $60,000. and
held by the trustees of the Queen's Hospi
aV appears tha * the note was execut
ed by her attorney during her absence and
that she was never informed of it. Later
the sale of her Honolulu property, known
as the McCully tract, was negotiated, for
?140,000, and the property was taken by
the Waikiki Land and Loan Association.
Mrs. Higgin* never got ony of the money.
Some or it i«as used to pay accounts ow
ing: to her. The testimony brought out
the fact that E. O. White, who acted for
her under salary, received J7000 as com
mission from the other side. The firm of
Ashley & Paristook $100,000 In paid-up
stock of the Waikiki Association.
The sea coast of Germany is sinking, es
pecially In the neighborhood. of Hamburg,
and the exact rate for the last fifty years
has now been! determined to be- five feet
nine inches:! v '. - ...
Miss Marion . Eells Is ' visiting at Ross
Valley. / . '
Mr. and Mrs. Walter, Magee entertained
at dinner Wednesday evening in honor of
General and Mrs. O. F. Long, UJ S. N.
The table was decorated In American
Beauties. Those present were: Captain
and Mrs. .C. M. Goodall, Mr. Mrs.
Frederick Magee, Mr. and»Mrs. "h. M. A.
Miller and Mr. and Mrs.' George S. Whea
tan. .*.¦¦' j> : , ;¦ -.-.- i ¦>•;.:¦
Miss Lucille Thornton of New York was
guest of honor at an informal tea given
by-Mrs. H. . T. Scott at her^ residence
Thursday afternoon. The Interesting fea
ture of the afternoon was the songs so
beautifully rendered by Miss Thornton.
Mrs.' Andrew. McCreery and Miss Thorn
ton to New York to-day, after a
pleasant visit in this city.
Yesterday was the reception day of Mrs.
Elizabeth Saunders, the well remembered
actress, who is now over 80 years of age.
Mrs; Saunders is a relative of Jdfe Jeffer
son and has" many prominent friends.
Many callers were . received and delight
fully, entertained at her residence, 510
Capp street. : "*
Thursday was the wedding day of Cap
tain Ormond Mitchell LJssak, U. S, A.,
and Miss Alice Warrington Hartzel of
Philadelphia.- Christ Church Chapel was
the scene of the marriage in the Quaker
City. The bride is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. : Andreal Hartzel , well Tcno wn resi -
dents 'of that city.'while the. groom is the
son of Mr. and. Mrs.' A. H.Llssak, who
have spent much of their time in Califor
nia. The . wedding was military, six offl
cersacting as ushers. The bride's cousin
was flower girl— her only attendant. Miss
Edna Lissak of San Francisco went down
from New York for the wedding. Mr.
and Mrs. Lissak will spend their honey
moon in San Francisco ' and return to
Philadelphia in June for their post-nup
tial receptions. '. ' t - :..W- ' ..."-,
Mrs. Mary Falrweather's Saturday
Morning Club has changed its place of
meeting to Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street, owing tOjthe increased number of
students in literary interpretation. The
club will start in this morning with Rob
ert Browning. The first six' lectures will
be devoted to "Parcelsus," . "Ring and the
Book," etc., to be followed by six mis
cellaneous lectures, the subjects for which
will be announced later. Browning will
be continued until June 21. Dante's "Di
vine. Comedy" has been under discussion
for the last twelve weeks. Thi3 little club
has been in .existence for the last four
years, and its followers have been earnest
students of literature. '
Two hundred and fifty young men and
women In evening dress danced at the
Dulce , Domum cotillon last evening at
Golden Gate Hall. No german was ar
ranged, as (the dance, was perfectly in
formal. The floor managers were H. A.
Peckham and R. Schord. The evening
was very pleasantly spent.
Miss Dottle' Ames of Santa Rosa, who
is soon towed Sam N. Pond, was guest
of honor at a dinner given last evening
by. the parents of the last named, Mr. and
Mrs. E. B. Pond, at their residence. lOli
California street. Covers were laid for
forty, and the guests were chiefly the
young set. It was a pink and white din
ner. The decorations were beautiful and
artistic, comprising cherry, pear aud
peach blossoms, interspersed with foliage.
Everything was perfectly appointed, and
the guests were delightfully entertained.
development
of big scandal
in honolulu
It is that feeling of loyalty to the interests of the
party and to the welfare of the State that explains
the vigor with which the Republican press is de
nouncing Billy Herrin's programme at this early
stage of the campaign. As the Pomona Times has
expressed it: "Every Republican on principle wants
his party to win in the coming election, but there are
thousands of Republicans on principle who would
welcome defeat with Gage the nominee for Gov
ernor."
With those and other facts before them Republi
cans perceive clearly that if Billy Herrin carries out
his scheme and Gage be renominated the party will
enter the campaign heavily handicapped. It was
possible to elect Gage once, because the people did
not know him, and because they believed him when
he said he had no affiliations with the railroad bosses
but now the people know him well, and they do not
believe him any more. They have tried him and
they have found him to be false, tricky, narrow
minded, egotistical and vicious. Such a man can
not be re-elected, and as a consequence the most
earnest and loyal Republican papers in the State are
engaged in rousing the rank and file in opposition
to the scheme of the bosses so that the party may
not suffer from their domination.
institutions of the State have not been turned over
to political henchmen for nothing. By the judicious
distribution of that patronage Billy Herrin has been
able to relieve the railway treasury of a considerable
charge and make a showing of economy to please the
new directors.
Stalwart Republicans have noted the significance
of the fact that Gage's campaign is being conducted
under the direction of Billy Herrin, a railroad Demo
crat, and is being supported mainly by the notorious
yellow journal of this city, which always professes to
be Democratic. Working with Herrin are a set of
bosses such as KeDj, Burns, Crimmins, Burke and
Lynch, who entered the Republican party as burglars
enter a bank for what they can make out of it. They
have made a good deal out of it since Gage has been
in office, and observant Republicans are well aware
of the fact. The Normal Schools and the charitable
The scheme would have worked all right, perhaps,
had it not been for the fact that the people have
learned by experience that Billy Herrin and Gage
will bear watching at all times and all seasons, and
consequently are never wholly blind to what the
clever pair are doing. The activity of the bosses
attracted attention months ago. In fact, ever since
Dr. Osborn was removed from the Home for
Feeble-Minded Childien, and that institution turned
over to the control of a worthless and discredited tax
eater, the public has' been alert to find out the cause
of that deal 2nd the object for which it was carried
put They soon perceived that it was a part of a
plan to j.ut all State institutions into the spoils of
politics end xist them as a means of rewarding poli
ticians who do the work of the bosses. Furthermore
they perceived that the chief work required of the
henchmen just now is that of fixing things for Gage.
Since that discovery was made voices of protest
have been heard all over the State. They have come
from men of all parties and have been not only fre
quent but emphatic They have been accompanied in
the main by clear statements of reasons why Gage
should not be renominated, and the reasons have
been drawn invariably from the record Gage has
made in efnee. In ro instance has there been any
review of his private record, or any revelation made
of his methods of getting a start in life. He has
been judged exclusively as an official, and upon his
official acts he has been condemned.
T x T HEN Billy Herrin and his gang of allied
\/\/ i-fid subservient bosses undertook early in
¦^."••'T tn e J'ear to arrange for the renomination of
Gage they doubtless thought the scheme could be
carried out before the people were aware of what had
been going on. The idea was not altogether fool
ith. The great mass of the people during the winter
sre busy with their own affairs and pay little atten
tion to a political campaign which is not to be for
mally opened until the middle of summer. Such
being the case it was natural the bosses should deem
it possible for them to "fix things" before the cam
paign begins and get possession of "the works"
while the people were not watching.
GAGE AND THE PEOPLE.
The third floor can be used as a hall
for neighborhood gatherings, should such
use be decided upon, the floors below
being capable of holding all the books
necessary. A large skylight will give the
top Poor all the daylight needed.
The heating and ventilation of the
building will be both by the direct and
the indirect hot-water systems. Two elec
tric dumb-waiters will run from the
basement to the top floor, one for the
transfer of books and the other for the
use of the janitor in the rear. The pa
trons of the library will find wide and
easy staircases leading from floor to
floor.
The first, second and third floors will
each consist of one room running the
entire length and width of the building,
to be fitted up with book shelves. The
building will be fire-proof.
voted to library purposes. In the base
ment the librarian will have his office.
Special attention will be paid to the
lighting of the library, and skylights will
be used at the rear of the first floor for
this purpose, : extending to the full
height of the structure.
DINNER GIVEN
COMPLIMENTARY
TO BRIDE-ELECT
FIRST of. the sixty-five Carnesie li
braries to be erected in New York
City will be the building at Nos. 222
and 221 East Seventy-ninth street,
plans for which have been filed In
. the Bureau of Building3. As these struc
tures will follow one general plan, the
picture here given' represents approxi
mately the sixty-four ather structures
which will rise in various points in the
five boroughs of the. city.
The cost of the first library building
will be ?50,000. Where the price of the
land is not so high the building, will be
made more ornate or larger. Carnegie's
plan of gift contemplated the expenditure
of SSO.000 for each of the sixty-five libra
ries. ,
The structure will have. a classic front
of the Ionic order and will be built en
tirely of limestone. It will occupy forty
feet of frontage and ninety- two feet of
depth, being three stories above the
basement in height. At the rear a
fourth story will be raised for the use of
the janitor.
All the rest of the building will be de-
We have here not only another evidence of the
drift of British sentiment toward protection and im
perial federation, but a warning of. the probability
of further- conflicts in the Orient. If the nations
cannot keep an open door at home, how will they
manage it abroad? It is an issue which Uncle Sam
himself may have to deal with before long. •
A writer in the Fortnightly Review discusses the
rapid advance in trade, and industry ¦ that has been
made by protective tariff countries like the United
States and Germany/ and contrasts .their successes
with th€ comparative stagnation in" Great Britain.
He-asserts that if the policy of free trade has not al
ready collapsed by reason of the pressure put upon
British industries by American and German compe
tition, the development and exploitation of China by
European and American capital will- "strain it to the
breaking point." It will be impossible, he says, for
Britain to hold open the door for trade in the prov
inces of .China that ; are within her "sphere of in
fluence" when her own trade is shut out of provinces
controlled by Russia, France and Germany.
Whether anything like a grab game for Chinese
trade is likely to take place in -the near future is
questionable, but it is not to be., disputed that free
trade so. far as if has been tested has proven 'to be a
failure. At the present time prosperity and progress
are with the protective tariff nations, and not with
the exemplar of freedom of trade. . Even in I ; Great
Britain, a considerable and increasing number of
people perceive that fact clearly enough. The writer
in the Fortnightly says : "The rank and file of the
Conservative . party, -. predominant . in influence to a
degree unprecedented in our history, is almost to a
man protectionist; among its leaders only one re
tains the reputation of a convinced free-trader."
It- is the argument of the British protectionists that
free trade is beneficial only when practiced within an
empire, jind that as against foreign competition there
must be protection: Thus the writer says: "It must
not be forgotten that the free trade of other nations
has proceeded almost entirely on lines analogous to
these, the breakdown of local and interstate tariffs
and the substitution of national or imperial tariffs.
The great areas of internal free trade, which we term
France and the United States, represent the rule in
modern history. It has long been doubtful whether
Great. Britain could hold out in her solitary career;
it is now; tolerably certain that she will "collapse to
the inherent logic which binds imperialism to pro
tection."
WHILE the nations of the earth are profusely
pledging themselves and one another to the
maintenance free and unrestricted trade
in China, there is growing up in Great JBritain a set
of skeptics who frankly declare the conviction that
the open door will not remain open, and .that free
trade in Asia is a commercial impossibility. The
skeptics are of course the men. who are. clamoring
for protection in Great Britain itself, and it is not to
be denied that their clamoring is.made impressive at
times by the statement- of very reasons
for their lack of faith. • .
THE "OPEN DOOR^; PpLIGY,
SATURDAY. .... . . .::.... :::... . . ..APRIL 5, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
kltxttt All CramcBictticcs to W. 8. LEASE, Xtcager.
MAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Fren* 2O4
PCBUCATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOHS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prcus 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Centn Per Week.
Slnclc Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terms by- Mail. Inclndlnir Postages
XJATLT CALL (including Sunday), one year $«.00
DA1LT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DA1LT CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1.51
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 65c
6UNDAY CALU One Year .' 1.50
tVEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1.00
?II postmaster* are enthorized to receive
anhacrtptlonn.
Eatnpie copies will be forwarded when requested.
Every seasonNiasvits tragedies,' and 1 even*; the
blessedness of Easter! his been eclipsed somewhat by
the report that the: wife; of. a '.New Jersey man is
suing for divorce because he would not 'give : her
more than half his week's salary to bay an Easter
bonnet. -— -* ':¦'"_.
After all the platform pledges, an the talk
about watered stock, and of corrupt practice*
on the part of the water compaijjt the revenna
of that corporation has been on a continual in
crease. The first water ordinance passed by
the last board yielded over $130,000 more than
was intended. The second one Is yielding over
$200,000 more than was intended and the pres
ent one will unquestionably yield an increase of
at least $130,000. The revenue f->r the next
fiscal year will be nearly $2,000,000. B For every
dollar paid in taxation the people will have to
add a half dollar for water. Our water is the
costliest In the world, and getting costlier evry
year. Surely public control by the City Fathers
is a public folly, leading only to successive fail
ures In every attempt to regulate or control
the revenues of the water corporation. Is n
not high time to try public ownership.? ¦
¦ . , CHARLES WESI4BT REED.
Ean Francisco, April 4. - ,.-,-•¦.•*•
Another element of humor Is the assevera
tion of the proponents of the* new waiter ordi
nance that It was necessary to increase the rev
enue of the . water compaziy because' th»
former ordinances were unfair' when' the fig
ures lying on their table at ''the' moment of
making: the statements showed that th» water
company is securing an increased revenue.
An element of humor is Injected Into the
controversy by the fact that the Spring Valley
Water .Works Is actually suing; in the United
States courts to set aside tfce ordinance under
which It Is at thl3 moment collecting revenue,
on the ground that its revenue has been greatly
reduced, while the figures submitted by Its own
secretary demonstrates that there will' be an
actual increase of 6ver $3O,C0O for the fiscal
year. I have always thought this suit was noth
ing more than a "bluff," designed to frighten
the new board Into allowing an. increased reve
nue. It will now be conveniently dsopped.
The increase in revenue was partly ths re
sult of new business, but the real reason Is that
the water order is based on a form incise for
twenty years past, which contains many elastic
schedules, and Is so complex that hardly any
ratepayer can tell what he should' be charged
by an inspection of the ordinance. Thus it la
that the water company increases Ita revenue at
will, in the face of attempts on the part of Su
pervisors to give relief to the people.
The new Board of Supervisors tried its
prentice hand at fixing water rates last month
and has increased the revenue of the Spring
Valley Water Works, because, as avowed by
Supervisors in public debate, the water com
pany ha,d been treated unfairly, and its reve
nues had been improperly reduced by the,. oM
board. The Increase allowed was only $l»i,0f)O
on hydrant rates, but. as already shown, i* •»
revenue from the present water ordinance will
be greater than the preceding one, although it
was expected that the revenue would be de
creased $142,000. In other words,' during the
present fiscal year the Spring Valley Water
Works ha3 found a way to squeeze over $20<>,
000 more out of the people than the Supervisors
designed to pllow and If the same rate of in
crease prevails for the next fiscal year' the In
crease In the revenues will be__over $159,0()Q,
without considering the Increased revenue al
lowed by the Supervisors.
Water Order Confuses Eate-Payers.
In 1CC1 the same board again triea to reduce
the revenue of the company, This time it made
a clean cut of ?1J2.CCO in the hydrant rates
paid ¦ by th» city. It was thought that this
would certainly make a reduction ln_ the reve
nue of the company, but the testimony adduced
at the recent investigation from the mouth of
Secretary j Ames of the Spring Valley Water
Works shows that for the first half of the pres
ent fiscal year (which ends July 1. 1001), the
water company, has actually collected" $056,577.
which, being mutliplied by two, wilt make; th«
revenue for the fiscal yoi'r $1,013,154: .: Secretary
Ames testified two years ago that the receipts
for the second half of the 'fiscal year were
usually greater than for the first half, so that
the figures given are conservative. The . first
ordinance passed by the Ia3t board produced
9^883^83X0; the second one. will produce
$1,013,154. an increase of ?39,270 00 more than
the first ordinance, although it was designued
to reduce the revenue of the company by $142.
000. The last Board of Supervisors twice at
tempted to reduce the revenue of J the water
company, but that corporation succeeded in col
lecting |130,CC0 more than was anticipated the
first year, and will succeed in collecting $'200.
000 more this year than was intended to be al
lowed.
EDITOR THE CALL.: The passage of
the new water ordinance by the Board
of Supervisors illustrates the. futility of
public control in dealing with the water
question In San Francisco. The hew ordinance
Increases the revenue of the Spring Valley
Water ' Work3 without reason.' As 'ons of the
Supervisors said at the time of it3 passase: "It
is a complete surrender to the water company."
The predecessors of the present board went
into office on the high tide of reform. The plat
form which all the majority Supervisors signed
pledged them to "institute a searching" investi
gation of the operating expenses, and into the
real value of the water company's, property
used for the water supply of this city, and to
allow net more than 5 per cent on the stock
representing said real value thus determined."
The board fixed its first water order without
any investigation other than a perfunctory one.
but attempted to carry out its pledses by malt
ing a 10 per cent cut in the household rates.
The Water Committee in Its report recommend
ing the ordinance recited that "this effects a
reduction to the ratepayers of the city of ap
proximately $134.CCO, and a corresponding di
minution on the basis of last year's rates."
The last year's ratss— i. e.. the 1 fiscal year end-
Ing July 1. 18S0, yielded to the water company
$1,S75,C02 S7, while the ordinance that tha
committee recommended yielded $1.853;8S3 10 —
a reduction of onl> $21,2C» 27 in the Income of
the company, instead of a reduction of 51^4,-
OCC, as anticipated by the committee,
Big Increase in Company'^ Rsvenue.
During the. discussion of the remount scandals in
the British Parliament there was no attempt to con
ceal the fact: of this American trade in contraband
of war. It was admitted, . and the financial scandal
impinged upon it was even thrown back upon some
of our own horse and cavalry experts, supposed to
be connected with oar military service.
We see no way of stopping it. Men engaged in
trading contraband of war to the Cuban insurgents
were arrested by our executive and tried in the Fed
eral courts of Florida and other places in "the South.
But their rights had to go before a jury, and no mat
ter what the evidence was they were acquitted and
went right back to their profitable contraband traf
fic. As we have often said in connection with the
observance of our treaties and international obliga
tions, if the people will not keep the national faith
unbroken and the national honor spotless it is not
in the power of an administration -to do so.
It is no doubt, true also that" if the question were
brought into serious solution the" claim would, at
once be made that England; having annexed the
South African republics, their existence has ceased
and they have ho claim to belligerent rights, and are
not under protection of neutrality treaties nor of the
neutral provisions and principles - of international
law. It is upon that theory that Kitchener shot
1 Scheepcrs and other Boer prisoners. They are held
to have no international rights nor any appeal to the
laws of war as laid down in the Geneva convention.
It is exceedingly doubtful whether the United
States could successfully, dispute this contention.
We have just assumed the same position as to the
Filipinos. General Funston used forgery and the
enemy's uniform to entrap Aguinaldo, and it is given
cut by our War Department that he had a right to
do both, because the 'Filipinos are merely insur
gents, and we recognize in their case no uniform,
and in dealing with them are not bound by the
Geneva convention' nor by our own articles of war.
It will be seen that this ruling not only decides that
we violate no neutral rights by recruiting Great Brit
ain's military strength, but it is also timely as an ac
quittal in advance of Lieutenant Waller for the
shooting of helpless Filipino prisoners.
None of this is pleasant and most of it is\ revolt
ing to a sense of justice, but it is among the appall
ing incidents of war and is a warning to the weak to
bear much and suffer and be patient before raising
their hands against the strong, for they have no
treaty rights, nor rights founded in the law of na
tions. As for their general rights as- human beings,
these are not any more respected by those who can
afford to disrespect them than rights derived frofn
the law. ,
AS a matter of sentiment the question of neu
trality in the Boer war may be of much con
sequence. '" ---.,-;..
The terms of our treaty, of neutrality, are very plain;
They recite that: "A neutral Government is bound
not to permit or suffer either belligerent to make
use of its ports or waters as the base of naval opera
tions against the other, or for the purpose of the re
newal or augmentation of military supplies, or arms,
or the recruitment of men." '
The day after we declared war against Spain Vic
toria issued her proclamation of neutrality/which
was up ;o the sternest requirements of our treaty of
1871 and to the general rules of international law.
In this she was followed by the other powers.
Hawaii, which was then an independent republic,
flagrantly violated her neutrality obligations by fur
nishing port facilities to our navy, supplies of all
kinds, and permitted the landing and sojourn upon
her "soil of our military forces. But Spain was a weak
power, and the act of Hawaii was in our favor, and
we are" a strong power. Weak powers have no rights
which the strong are bound to respect. :When the
South African war was young British warships seized
several cai goes of American flour en route to Lo
renzo Marquez, and consigned there to Portuguese
and French merchants, claiming that it was destined
for the Beers and was contraband of war. The prop
erty was released only upon her failure to prove that
its destination was the Transvaal or Orange FreV
'.State. ... ¦ ¦"; 'Jl>:>
Since then nearly 200,000 American mules and
horses have been bought for remounts and draught
purposes in South Africa and. have been delivered to
British agents a: New Orleans, where a detention
and shipment establishment is maintained and
whence they are shipped to Cape Town. Wharton's
International Law says: "Horses and their furni
ture are contraband of war," following our treaty
with France in 1778. Hill's International Law says:
"Horses are generally considered as contraband of
war and are so mentioned in many treaties between
different slates."
It is beyond controversy that we are violating neu
tral rights by permitting this renewal of Great Brit
ain's military, supplies. In extenuation it must be ad
mitted that we became hardened to such acts dur
ing the Cuban rebellion, ..which was" managed by a
junta quartered in New York and was supplied with
arms and munitions of war from every one! of our
Southern ports. But there, again, the" party injured
was a weak power and our people had no respect for
its international rights
INCREASING
REVENUE OF
SPRING VALLEY
It appears, indeed,, that. Congress, has. at last rec
ognized the urgent need 1 of ; the waterway, and will
not again postpone acting upon it. There are'doubt
less some men. in each House who would be willing
to hold it up for! the. purpose of forcing other meas
ures to the front, but they are hot the kind of men
who can. control a Congress Republican in both
branches. , \ , : .
Among the Senators the determination to pro
cure the adoption of ; some sort of canal bill seems
to be shared by the more resolute men of both par
ties. Republican Senators are reported as declaring
that the demand of the country for action on the bill
is so strong that it would be a great tactical mistake
from a party point"! of- view for Congress to adjourn
without having disposed of the measure; while
some Democratic Senator's- liave : declared they will
resist any effort at adjournment until action has been
taken.'" i • ¦ '¦¦¦ ' r • . . .' ¦¦.;:.-: > ¦ ¦ . V;
situation has: now. changed.; The. French company
has offeree! its property and its- franchise at a sum
which the Isthmian Commission deems to, be a fair
one,\and accordingly there "has developed -a strong
'sehtfrneht in -favor of accepting that route. Pos
sibly the controversy ; oh that phase of the /subject
may prevent an agreement: upon the bill at this ses
sion, but even that danger is lessened by the will
ingness of influential men on each side- of "the ques
tion to pass a general canal bill and leave it to the
President to' determine the route. '.'- '
,. NEUTRALITY IN .'WAR.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO; CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 5, 1902. '
FIR ST OF NEW YO R K'S
GA RNEGIE LIBR ARIES
PLANS FOR THE FIRST OF THE NEW YORK CARNEGIE LIBRARY
BUILDINGS HAVE BEEN COMPLETED. IT WILL BE A CLASSIC
THREE-STORY STRUCTURE, AS SHOWN IN THE ILLUSTRATION.
6
STATEMENT Cf CIRCULATION Of
ThJE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of Marcb, 1902-
MareL 1 S9,S4O Starch 17 na,25O
March T 7O,420 March 18 fi9,2GO
March 3 ".. 59.D8O March 19 ...... .6O.3«JO
3Iareh 4 &U,4'M March 2O GO,17O
March 5 ...... .5O.4KO March SI 00,4!>0
March <t 5O.27O March 22 (SO,. I HO
March 7 5O.O5O March S.'l 7O,«25
March S SO..V>O March 24 OO.O1O
_"!Iar*>h » 7O,r,r,tt March 2.1 C0.75O
March 1O SU,»4O March 2<t (MM 1O
March 11 50,180 March 27 OO.22O
March 12 58,O£» March 28 00,380
March 13 ...... .r.S,72O March 2O .OO.1OO
March 14 S»,O1O March »O 71.21O
March 15 5»,7OO March 31 60,300
March 10 70,740
i v Total . ... 1,906,345
STATE OF CALIFOHXIA, . » ¦
CITT AJCD COUNTY OF BAN FRANCISCO. ( cs -
On thi* 3d day of April; 1902. personally appeared before
me, William T. Hess, a Notary Public in and for the city and
county aforesaid, W. J. Mertin. who being sworn according
to law declares that he is the business manager- of The San
Francisco Call, a dallr newspaper published in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California, and that there
•were printed and distributed during the month of March, 1902.
one million nine hundred and six thousand three hundred and
forty-five (l,90«.345) copies of the said newspaper, which num-
ber divided by thirty-one (the number of days of issue) gtvV
an average dally circulation of 61,495 copies.
\ SEAL. -VV. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3d day of April,
3902. - . W. T. HESS.
Notary Public In ar.d for the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of CaJifornla, rocm 1015 Claus Spreckels build-
ing _^_^__ 'Has awarded the % Anheuser-Busch Brew
ing Ass'n absolute and_jexclusive * use : ~>>f
the name' BUDWEISER, and "all, other
brewers who have used that name have
been /defeated and compelled to drop It.
Orders promptly filled by E.:G. Lyons &
Raas Co., . wholesale - dealers, San > Fran
cisco • . •
The United States Court
May Attend Normal School.
"The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Henry E. Miller may attend | the
State Normal School at San Jose in spite
of the opposition of President M. E.
Dalleyand the rest of the faculty. Miller
was dismissed from the school arbitrarily
without its having been shown that he
was in any way deficient in his studies.
The- matter has been in the. courts since
September, 1900.' The court's decision:de
fines the dismissal power of faculties of
public institutions as available only when
legitimate .regulations have been Infringed
upon. ,i
The proceedings yesterday ¦ established
the '. fact that j'. Verne'3 - contention • was
right. .As a nativeof Newfoundland he
'is a British subject, so Judge " Hebbard
ordered his release. &r3ds£9t!fi9Bn
Verne arrived .here . on • the French ves
sel Reine Blanche, which came into port
flying a police flag. Verne ; was in Irons
on r the vessel, and on demand ¦• of • the
French Consul a squad of policemen from
the ha.rbor: station boarded the vessel: and
took him into custody. The sailor claimed
that- the arrest was illegal,-, because he
was a French Canadian and not subject
to the. jurisdiction of a Consul Of France.
Joseph Verne, who was, arrested on. a
charge of desertion 'preferred against him
by -the French Consul on March 23/ was
released on a .writ of . habeas corpus by
Judge Hebbard yesterday.. .The arrest of
Verne paused considerable comment at
the time it' was made, owing to the cir
cumstances surrounding it. *
Sailor Arrested on Demand of
¦ , French. Consul.
Judge Hebbard Orders Release; of
VERNE IS A SUBJECT
OF KING OF ENGLAND
Supervisor .Wilson advised Mahony \to
Interview the Mayor, with a view to In
ducing, that official to 'recommend the em
ployment of additional employes, as j the
charter provides shall be done in case of
necessity. Mahony will also file a state
iinent with the Board of Supervisors show-
Ing why the employment of additional
help Is required in the office, so that
should the Mayor make the recommenda
tion provision for the payment of the
added force may be made in the next
budget. . • . . ', '> . ¦??¦'
The committee instructed .the clerk of
the board to confer with Auditor . Baehr,
with a view to hastening his estimate for
the required expenditures of the city gov
ernment for the " next'- fiscal year. The
committee desires to secure the Auditor's
figures by the end of the . present month
in order to begin work on the next • tax
budget. ¦¦_-¦¦'" . . • '
The Board of Works was directed to ap
pear and explain why certain demands
for supplies are irregularly drawn on tha
"tearing up the street" fund. • Jl -
Mahony .represented that, the work of
hi3 office Is six months behind, a .condi
tion which, he said, had come tojjim as
a legacy from his predecessor. Wills and
other, important documents filed,-. six
months ago had not been recorded as yet
because seven of his sixteen copyists are
obliged to do office work, Mahony said, i
County Clerk Mahony appeared before
the Finance Committee of the .Board of
Supervisors last night to urge thafhe.be
allowed ten extra deputies in addition to
those he is authorized to employ under the
charter. , x
Harry H. Glendenning was divorced
from Ethel Glendenning for desertion: He
was also given the custody of their one
child. Magdalena Agaton was granted a
divorce from Emile Agaton for willful
neglect. H
Alice Bunker, who was married ¦ to
Claude C. Bunker in Oregon in 1895, com
menced an action for divorce yesterday.
She alleges that for more than a year
Bunker has failed to provide for the sup
port of herself and their child, &^ years of
age. • - . .
Mary Williams is suing Homer -Williams
for divorce for desertion. They were
married in 1876. William Joseph Jordan
is suing Annie J." Jordan for divorce on
the ground of intemperance. They, were
married in 1885. According to Jordan's
complaint, ¦ his wife has indulged to ex
cess in intoxicants for the last five years.
Charles A.: Sutherland is suing Katherine
C. Sutherland for divorce on the grounds
of intemperance and cruelty. She " has
frequently struck him while she was un
der the influence of liquor, he alleges.
Ella. Cook was granted a divorce from
George A. Cook yesterday on the ground
of 1 cruelty on a cross-complaint filed in
answer to a suit for-divorce for desertion
commenced by . her husband some .time
ago. Mrs. Cook was also awarded the
custody of her two children. A peculiar
feature of the case Is . the disappearance
of Cook and one of the children, a little
girl 4 years of age. Cook failed to put in
an appearance yesterday, though he ¦ is
the plaintiff in the action, and when Mrs.
Cook was asked if she knew of his where
abouts., she, answered no, and said . her
husband had left her after filing his suit
and had taken the little girl with him.
Mrs. Cook easily proved her charges of
cruelty and was granted a divorce, the
custody of the two ' children and $40 a
month alimony. *
County Clerk Mahony
Appeals to Finance
Committee.
Fails to Appear to Pros
ecute His Suit for
Divorce.
SAYS-HE NEEDS
MORE DEPUTIES
¦William Lyons was locked up In the
City Hall station yesterday afternoon on
a charge of drunkenness. He was placed
in a cell with Amer Schultz, another In
ebriate, and- shortly after the keeper
heard the sound of blows. On coing to
ascertain the cause he saw Schultz In the
act of kicking and beating his cellmate.
Lyons was In such a condition that it
was deemed necessary to remove him to
the Emergency Hospital, where Dr. James
Murphy pronounced his injuries serious.
It was several hours before Lyons re
gained consciousness. Schultz was
charged with assault with Intent to kill.
Brutally Kicks His Cellmate.
H. W. Hutton, who appears in the suit
for the carpenters, said that trades unions
are desirable organizations, but branded
the attempt of the council to exclude the
carpenters as the result of a conspiracy.
He said that unionism, when it becomes
oppressive, must be curbed.
The demurrer to the complaint filed by
Attorney Cleveland Damm, who repre
sents the Building Trades Council, was
overruled. Damm contended that union-
Ism was for the purpose of affording pro
tection to the -workingmen, and said that
the council had a right to take what steps
it chose to protect its own interests.
The motion to dissolve the Injunction
restraining P. H. McCarthy and the Build-
Ing Trades Council from preventing the
local carpenters' union from becoming a
member of the council was argued and
submitted before Judge Seawell yester
day. The complaint for the injunction also
asks that the local union be awarded $300,
000 damages.
on Behalf of the Carpenters'
Union.
Attorney Huttcn Makes an. Argument
SAYS TRADES COUNCIL
FORMED A CONSPIRACY
The San Francisco Stevedoring Com
pany was incorporatd yesterday. The di
rectors are Charles W. Willard, P. J. Mul
ler, H. L. Atkinson. A. H. Wlnn, W. S.
Burnett, Charles R. Page and Lloyd Bald,
win. • •
' The Japanese Merchant Association
Club was incorporated yesterday. The
directors are T. Komada, K. . Ikl, • M. Jlu
zuki, C. Akalane and H. Takahashl. '
The Eagle Brewing Company has been
incorportaed with a capital stock of $50,
000, with the following directors: C. A.
Thornberg, John H. Claasen, O. E. Ros
berg, J. H. Flathmann and A. W. Ander
son. '. - ....... ..
W. C. Walker, H. J. Diggles, M. H.
Shackelford, H. J. Piersol and Welles
Whitmore are the directors of the Bay
Barge and Tug Company, which was in
corporated yesterday with a capital stock
of $200,000. . ¦ . , ¦
New Incorporations.
COOK DECAMPS
WITH DAUGHTER
The notice to move was served upon
Mrs. Brown and Miss Brown in a sum
mary manner, but they laughed the mat
ter off and tried to pay rent in advance. :
Then a happy thought struck the land
lord. When the school opened a couple of
nights ago and the twenty-six juvenile
W BURNARD, property own
er, has discovered a noveV
and effectual method of
O ejecting tenants. He fol
lows the example of the
farmer who wishes to part company with
a convention of hornets, only he goes the
farmer one better and uses sulphur fumes
instead of smoke."
Some time ago Mrs. Brown and Miss
Brown rented the premises at 1 935 "Wash
ington street from Burnard and . an
nounced their Intention of opening an in
stitution for the education of the Chinese
youth. When their determination to es
tablish the school, became known to the
landlord he seriously objected,"- but hi3
protests, even to the police at the Central
Station, were without avail
Landlord Burnard lives in a fiat overhead
and nightly was obliged to listen to the
glibbering of the heathen youth below,
while he paced the flexor and -said things.
But Burnard, in the parlance of the ca
naille, was "up against it." He had rent
ed the premises and the only way to rid
himself of the nuisance and restore his
,peace of mind was to lose Mrs. Brown
and Miss Brown as neighbors.
The landlord's methods have been ef
fective, though,* despite police interfer
ence. His tenants will move. "We got
our class out yesterday," said Miss
Brown, "and will soon find .another place
of residence. We could endure the man
dates to quit the premises, but this last
scheme of getting smoked out Is a bigger
pill than we can swallow, so we will
move on." . • \
"Bubonic plague!" shouted the pupils In
consternation. "The Board of Health is
here again." Then they made a wild exit
and thought of the dose of serum and the
bluecoats on blockade duty, i .
f Policeman Tom Handley was called to
interrupt the stampede. He found the
landlord burning sulphur In the basement
and the suffocating fumes pouring up
ward through holes in the ; floor of ! the
Chinese school. The policeman held sev
eral moments of stormy conversation with
the landlord and threatened him. with ar
rest if he should use the "smoke-out" pro
cess again. • , • ( •
"They drive m* crazy," ' said Burnard
last night. V'You would think' the shack
was a houseboat on the Yangtse-KIang
and that fourteen highbinder tongs were
trying to argue with the Six Companies;
and my sorrows do not stop there. They
have Chinese signs pasted up all over the
windows and the house is often mistaken
for an opium joint. Every day heathens
are ringing the doorbell, trying to rent
rooms and all my friends are steering to
the other side of the street." • • -
pigtails were lined up for rollcall a fright
ful odor permeated the room.
Mr. Lowe, however, after due considera
tion of his many interests in Mendocino
County -decided that he would not accept
the offer. • The action on the part of the
Baltimore syndicate in offering the place
to Mr. Lowe clearly demonstrates that
when they take active charge of the road
they will place new; officials in nearly all
the positions of any. importance.
From good authority it is stated that
James Lowe of Hopland was, recfently of-,
fered by the Baltimore syndicate the po
sition of superintendent of construction
of the United Railroads. The position is
at present held by H. H. Lynch, who was
promoted to the post by the old Market
Street Railway directors several months
ago. ' >
of Changing Management of
', Railway System.
Baltimore Syndicate Shows Intention
OFFEBS LOWE POST \
OF SUPERINTENDENT
Assistant United States Attorney Mc-
Kinley says that there is no merit in
Mains' contention, the Revised Statutes,
section 1014, applying only to arrest, irn
prisonment and bailing for trial, and cov
ers only the proceedings before the Court
Commissioner. -*ti the Dimmick case more
than thirty days had expired between the
quashing: of the first indictment and the
finding of the second, yet George D. Col
lins, his attorney, did not attempt to make
any point on that fact- Mains is a lawyer,
or rather has been admitted to the bar,
and has practiced as a lawyer, but he has
failed in his own case on almost every
motion that he has raised to avert a trial.
Mains served notice yesterday morning
on Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning to the effect that he would move in
the United States District Court for an
order dismissing the prosecution and ask
ing for his discharge because thirty days
have elapsed since the order holding him
to answer was made before the Federal
Grand Jury and no Indictment or Infor-"
motion against him had been filed. Mr.
Banning informed the court that he. had
received the notice of 'motion and that
Mains was not present in court.
Mrs. Mains, v»ue of the defendant, was
present and filed on his behalf the mo
tion referred to. Mains cites from the
United States Revised Statutes to show
that the State law governs in procedure
in cases of this kind, and that the law of
California specifies that when a person
has been held to answer for a public of
fense, if an indictment !s not found or an
information filed against him within thirty
days thereafter, he shall be discharged.
Judge de Haven deferVed action on the
motion. The Grand Jury was Investigat
ing the case of Mains yesterday.
Mr. Benas telephoned fcr Marshal Shine,
who appeared shortly afterward with. Dep
uty Marshal Gamble, whereupon Mains
asked for information as to the authority
under which he was held. Marshal Shine
replied that he was acting under order ot
United States District Judge de Haven,
that he was going to take Mains to jail
and did- not intend to have any nonsense
about it either. The prisoner seeing that
he had in Marshal bnine a determined
men to deal with, meekly held up his
hands, while Deputy Gamble placed the
handcuffs on his wrists, and he went
lamblike to jail.
Charles R. Mains, who is held in custody
by the United States I authorities on the
charge of being connected with a four bil
lion dollar myth syndicate operating
through the postofflce, made a foolish ex
hibition of himself shortly after 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon in the office of the
United States Marshal. . When Deputy
Marshal Benas announced that he was
ready to take him back to the County
Jail, Mains declared that he. would .not
budge a step; that he was being unlaw
fully held a prisoner, and that the Mar
shal had no authority to hold, him.
¦ On the way up the prisoner was a model
of propriety- and so won the confidence
of his guardian that the customary hand
cuffing was dispensed with. Shortly after
the two boarded the ferry at- Vallejo
Junction the prisoner walked forward as
though to get a better view of the de
lightful scenery" and suddenly plunged
overboard. He swam to shore without
difficulty, and the last seen of him by the
chagrined oflicer was a dripping streak
of black disappearing over the. Port Costa
hills. The ferry-boat was backed to the
slip and Graham went ashore, but the, in
habitants would not aid in «the recanture
and as there was -nothing more .than a
moist trail to follow over th« mountain
tops pursuit was abandoned. Graham had
his ±rip to San Francisco all right, but
the Expenses, amounting to $60, including
railroad fare one way for a deceptive and
profitless prisoner, will be borne by the
officer himself. -
Policeman Charles . Graham of the Los
Angeles department is mourning the loss
of a prisoner who abruptly, left his care
yesterday shortly after boarding the ferry
at Vallejo Junction on the way to Mare
Island. Last week Graham's eagle eye
chanced to " light upon a well-dressed
.stroller in the southern metropolis and he
at once marked him as ' a deserter from
the United States steamship Independ
ence, of whom a description had been sent
out.--. He an" ected the \arrest and planned
a little trip to San Francisco. at the Gov
ernment's expense, expecting that In re
turn for handing over' the deserter to the
authorities at 'Mare Island he would \be
recouped for money expended on the trip
and receive $20 reward additional.
Shine Asserts^ His Authority
and Prisoner Submits to
. Handcuffs.
North.
Los Angeles Policeman Makss
V a Profitless Trip ;
Deserter- Eludes. Officer
on Vallejo Junction
Ferry. \ ;
Refuses to Return, to
County Jail With a
' "' " 1 ICTM1TTT * "* * *
MAINS DEFIES
THE MARSHAL
SWIMS ASHORE
AND ESCAPES
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 5, 1902.
Landlord Burnard Uses " Pungent Fumes of
Sulphur to ; Drive From His Premises a
Class of. Chinese and; Their Teachers
UTILIZES FUMIGATING PROCESS
TO EXPEL MONGOLIAN STUDENTS
LANDLORD BURNARD, TO GET RID OF CHINESE SCHOOL THAT HE
SAYS MAKES HIS BUILDING LIKE A HOUSEBOAT ON THE YANG
TSE-KIANG, BURNS SULPHUR IN BASEMENT. .
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ocoo©oo©oooea»e©eo©o©o©
S ORDERS RECEIVED NOW. S
O ©
I HERALDS J
@ An *
•FMPIRF 8
. •¦ ": ;;•;{•,"• . .•
§ ¦",.. . ,- By A. C. LAUT, -^£
© ' ;&S*® «
® Author of "Lords of the North." q
O v \ - 12mo. Cloth. -$1.50. .... •
2 The Book Will Be Published th« Lat- 2
9. -¦.¦¦¦¦ . . . ©
£ - ter Part of 'April. s.- ¦ Q
© . .-¦: - .' . :•
.©: ¦¦ - .'¦ — : 9
1 D. APPLETON & COMPANY, J
§ PUBLISHERS,, NEW. YORK. i
Z&OQGOQQO9OQ999OQO99oZ
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISn£
S" TEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, -calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong wtth steamers for India,
etc " No . cargo received on board oa day of
sailins. •¦-•••. . -
, SS. HONGKONG MARU . . '
'....-.. .......Tuesday. April 13th. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU ........;-
.-. ... . . . . .'. .Wednesday, June 4th. 1902
. : Round-trip . tickets - at reduced rates. For
freight and I passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ¦' -
~ .'/ ¦ ! W. H. A VERY. Qaneral Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION M
And CiaSud Americana da Yapores
' To 'Valparaiso,' stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. ¦ 12 m. * . ; '.
COLOMBIA ..April lOlGUATEMALA.Apr. —
TUCAPEL / .. April lOlPALENA. ..... May —
'These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral, and South -American passenger service.
(No change '.at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight-
and passenger office."' 310 California street.
i .... BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen.^Agents.
PANAMA R.R. ST ffir
TO itNEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free. ,•;:
S. S^Argyli:...........r.;...V....SaiIs May "
S.S..Leelanaw...... ..;.... .....Sails May
From ' Howard-street Wharf, Pier 10. at2 p.-m.
Freight '¦ and . Passenger Office, * 330 ; Market st.
I . . F. . F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. -
NEW- ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PESTIFEROUS GERM.
Burrows TJp the Scalp Into Dandruff
- and Saps th« Hair's Vitality.
People who complain of falling hair as
a rule do not know that It is the result
of dandruff, which is caused by a pestif-
erous parasite burrowing 1 up the scalp as
It dins down to the sheath in which the
hair is fed in the scalp. Before long the
hair root is shriveled up and the hair
drops out. If the work of the germ Is not
destroyed, hair keeps thinning till bald-
ness comes. The only way to cure dan-
druff is to kill the germ, and until now
there has been no hair preparation that
would do it; but to-day, dandruff is easily
eradicated by Newbro's. Herpicide., which
makes hair glossy and soft as silk..
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great b
$HUSEUH OF flE3AT0NY$
9 £B 1D * 1 HA22E " :I - to- 6*&7&, C.F.Cal. A
\ JZf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
U — .afejTw World - Weaknesses or any contracted Q
Z. &2&<W **«••« P»**«»»«-»y«-"r«dl.y the oldeit r
® f £5 t5 SpecuJist on the Coast. Est. 36 y«rs. Q
iyl&£! DR< J0 R DAK-D!SEA3ES OF HEN J
I (£/$$} I Consultation free and strictly private. Y
I JLiwJ Treatment personally or by letter. A A
8 if *S /"»«itM>» Cure in erery case undertaken. Y
V tl 11 tj* Write for Book. fUILOSOI-HV of A
I I MARniACE, MAILSO FREE. (A.V
1 |] y, valuable book for m^n) . ' ¦ • • ¦ \
W DO. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 MarkptSt..S. F. 9
' AMUSEMENTS.
BEULSCG*"'* 7JfALC8stfftp /
"^ *r tm tfTt £tIY KAMA
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHTS.
The Great Comedy-Drama, the
SLEEPING
Beautiful Scenery,
llflV Startling Effect*.
\ J I 1 I? ' Plenty of
A A O Wholesome Comedy.
ppifEC Evenings .*.:.. .10c to 60c
1 Alt CO Matlneee ,10c, 15c, 25c
Next Monday— The Big Success,
"THE LAND OF THE LIVING."
A Great Production. '
ggfejg, RACING
*%S > SSr**W3?* Every Week Day-
w 'v Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p.' m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, J, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., ' connsctinif
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
ladies *° d thelr escorts: no smoking. Buy your
Itrry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh- and Broadway,/ Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol« co a .
nect wtth San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
ft nd Broadway. Oakland. - These electric ' earn
eo direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track- at . 4:13
and 4:45 p. rn. and Immediately after the last
raxe. ' ' ;•"'- r -
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mxr. x
AHUEEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday). April 3.
Pirquette. any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
NOVELTIES" GALORE!-
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew; Homer
Lind and Company; Fred Stubei;
Papinta; Gorman and Keppler, aid
the Bic graph. Last times of Frank
Lincoln; Simon, Gardner and Com-
pany, and the Milan! Trio.
KIXT WEEK-EKQAGEMENT EXTRiORDIHART!
MARIE WAINWR/GHT
And Co. In "THE LADY AND THE CLOCK."
And
MR. AKD URS. SIDNEY D-IEW. •
Presenting "THE YELLOW DRAGON."
ffLVHHATRB^AV
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHTS.
Martha Morton's Successful Comedy,
BROTHER JOHN
A Charming Play New to This City.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c
Seats on sale sir days Tn advance.
NEXT MONDAY — Extraordinary Double Bill.
"MME. BUTTERFLY." and "THE GREAT
UNKNOWN."
Secure Tour Seats In Advance.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
GET IN FOR THE WIND-UP! _/
THIS WEEK SEES ITS FINISH.
THE
Serenade!
MONDAY. APRIL 7. /
The Great Alice Neilsen Ocera.
"The Fortune Teller."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c.
t Telephone Bush 9.
FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
ONLY TWO MORE "LITTLE CHRISTO-
PHER" MATINEES.
And Two More Night Performance*. *
Then Comes the Greatest of Them AIL
Weber & Field's Fcmous Burlesque,
"FIDDLE DEE DEE."
With All th« Well-known Comedians and
Comediennes.
Secure Seats at Once and Avoid a Positive
Rush.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday for
25c any place. Night prices, 25c and 50c: all
reserved. Children at Matinees 10 cents.
PACKED EVERY NIGHT.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
- Besinolac MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Fourth Week of Our $1000 Star,
MELBOURNE MAGDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In Sardou's Most Powerful Play..
"GISMONDA."
POPULAR PRICES. 10c. 15c 25c. 50c 75c
Good Orchestra Scats All Matinees 25c.
VUIaUIW!l3Ei4 IBDISG THEATEl
Powell Street, near Market.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES
Hall Caine's Great Play,
THE CHRISTIAN.
¦ EDWARD MORGAN es John Storm.
6eat» for The Christian. $1 50, $1. 75c. 50c, 25c
»-t» ¦*%j' —r ittb) /I f Reappearance In
Jtr^ v*V I fr^JT^X. • sao Francisco
MR. E. S. WILLARD
BECINNING NEXT MONDAY-
In a New Play by Louis N. Parker. Entitled
THE CARDINAL,
Eeals fcr Willard encagement. $2. $1 60. $1,
75c. 50c, 25c. Now Selling.
LAST TIMES— MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT.
AL. G. FIELD
GREATER MINSTRELS
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY
Williams & Walker
And Their Gilt-Edged Company.
Seats Selling for To-morrow Night and Al:
Next Week.
Following Comes the Favorites Mr. JAMES
NEILL AND THE NEILL COMPANY.
MAX HEINRICH.
JULIA HEINRICH,
SONG RECITAL
THIS AFTERNOON AT 7:33.
EHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
•RICHARD STRAUSS NOVELTIES.
Scats 75c, $1. f 1 50, at Sherman, Clay & Co.'*
MAPLE ROOM— PALACE HOTEL
Beginning MONDAY. April 7. One Week Only
From 10 a. n. to MIdnirtt, Daily.
Flm Time la America of the Great Manilt
War Paintings by SANTOS GON'ZALES.
the Eminent Philippine Artist.
"THE SURRENDER OF MANILA"
And
"SALUTING THE WOUNDED."
Pronounced Maetemieces by Connoisseur*.
ADMISSION. 50c CHILDREN. 25c
BASEBALL.
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMJ3.
CALIFORNIA BASEBALL LEAGUE.
SATURDAY. April 5, at 3:15 p. m.
SUNDAY. April 6. at 2:30' p. m.
SACRAMENTO ys. SAN FRANCISCO. -
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH and HARRISON STS.
ADMISSION, 25c. Reserved Seats. 25c extra.
¦ 51 |5|r r A Desirable location,
*¦ itlUWV unsurpassed cuisine,
u n e qualed scr-
sHIh v * ce an<^ modern
illlu conveniences are, the
f, j attributes that have
|f|*Of|/| made these two ho-
UiaiiU tels popular with
w j . tourists and travel-
tiATPlC ers w ho visit San
IlUlVla Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i^j. Steamers leave Broadway
SM^i. "Wharf, San Francisco:
KR»5t For Ketchlkan, -Juneau,
fl^r^ak. Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11
$\K?5^?I a - m - A P ril 6 > ll - 16 > 21 -
i «SsSj«^A* 2ti - Ma y !• Change to com-
! ; pany's steamers at Seattle.
i r**®^T¥* For Victoria, Vancouver,
•** Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
~**^ coma. Everett.- New What-
com — 11 a. m7. April 6, 11, 16. 21. 26, May 1.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for, Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to Cr P. Ry. ¦ - •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
April 7. 12, 17. 22, 27, May 2. ;V
For San Diego, Santa Barbara and Los An-
geles (via Port Los Angeles and Redondo)—
Spokane, Sundays. !) a. m. ; State ot California,
Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
i For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa- Barbara. Santa Oruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, San Luis Obispo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
('Santa Cruz only).
Coos Bay, a a. m.. April 4, 12. 20. 23, May 6.
- 'Santa Cruz, 9 a. m., April 8. 16, 24.
(?Freight only.)
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a.m., 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder. >
Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates. ¦ ¦¦
TTCW.T &TTFTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
• . . • .10 Market St.. San Francisco.
LAST 'EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
• A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
Only $60,. Including meafe and berth, for the
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s • steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN.
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th. due back April 27th.
calling at ENSENADA. :, MAGDALENA BAY.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA, . LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from. Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars Inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar-
j ket street. San' Francisco.
, — ¦ . . .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. \ — — FOR— —
LEAVE SEATTLE.'.
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
I Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN.
leaving San Francisco May 2C and May 31. re-
spectively. Connect with abqye steamers. Tha
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. - For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply. Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Genl. , Agents.
- 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN XjXOTX:.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
St." Louis. Apr. 9,10 am [St. Paul . .Apr.23,10 am
Philadel .Apr.16,10 arnlst. Louis. Apr.30.10 am
NEW. YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.'
Southwark. Apr. O.nooni Vaderland. Apr.' 16,noon
Pennland. Apr. 14,3 pml . ..
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
Chas. D. Taylor. G. A. P. C, 30 Montgomery.
OCBAJT TBAVEL.
W^ NOME
\lPPlllk SAILINGS**-
\\\ S. S PORTLAND
VA WILL. BAH.' FOR '
NOME direct
WSS iratt^f. 1 ??!::::::::::::::^ 2t£
(Stopping at Unalasia only Ion* enough to coal.)
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN 'COMMERCIAL' CO.,
645 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Pug«t
Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
i 6. R. & TV. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
ES COLUMBIA Sails. . .April 13. 23. May 3, 13
S3* GEO. W. EIDER Sails...
' ..April 8. 18. 2S. May S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Oen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
««iM^^^s^ANnMMmyAMMH|BMtMM|0HHB|HBM|M^ttflHM|H|te
J$amburg~/kmerican.
TWltf-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Deutschland ..April 17 IColumbia May 8
F. Bismarck May 1 1 Deutschland . . . May IS
TWIN-SCREW PASSE,\GER SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Waldersee April 12{ Pretoria April 29
Pennsylvania. .April 22|Moltke May 6-
HamMirg-Americ'an Line. 3T B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., -General Agents for Paciflo
Ccast. 401 California St.. -San Francisco.
¦^ DIRECT LINE to MHtTt
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
- Saturday. April 19. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. May 4. 10 a. m.
I. D. SPEICHLS k BE0S.CO., Gensrai Igts., 329 Martst
Gen'I rass. (fflce, 643 Market Si, Pier So. 7. Pacific St
COHPAGME eSOTBALC TSAX3ATLANTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *£**,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ¦^KlSSn
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. *3am*lBm
North River, foot of Morton street.
First clas3 to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
I AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA_ 32 Broadway (Hudson building).* N«w
York. J. P. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue, San Franctaco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAYY YARD AMD YALLEJ9,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
8:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sua-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., ezaepc
Sunday. Sunday, -7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* 00
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and
office, pter 2, Mission-street dock. HATCii
BBO V .
A Denver j Colorado, Young Woman
recently Wrote a Letter to Mrs.
Pinkliam, which Aptly Pictures the
Condition of a Great Many Young
Women. Read What She Says: .
"Deae Mrs. Pdtkham; — This is the first opporttmity I have fotmd to
write and thank you for the good your Vegetable Compound has done me.
I feel better than I have for years. It seems a 'seven days' wonder 1 to my
friends. Where I used to be' pitied, everything is the opposite now, and there
is not a day but some one wants to know what I have done to make myself
look so well.' • .-
"Before taking- Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I had
constant headaches, -was constipated, bloated, eyes weak and watery, bearing-
down pains, pains in the small of my back and right side; took cold very
easily, which always caused intense pain in the ovaries, and I did not want
to go anywhere or see any one. I was called cross, but 1 could not help it,
feeling as I did. I could not lift anything or do any hard work without
suffering for days afterwards. Menstruation lasted for eight or ten days,
the first three orfour days being almost constant pain day and night."
Nothing in this wide world has relieved so much female suffering
A Richmond Girl's Experience.
"Dear Mrs. Pdtkham: — I have just purchased a bottle of Ijydia E«
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound but am advised to write you before
treating myself.
"I hardly know how to express myself. At times I feel well, and in less
than ten minutes I am actually wretched with headache, that tired feeling,
and so nervous that the sound of a door bell will make me start. I cannot
Tvalk two blocks without feeling fatigued. Menstruation has never been
regular, have a slight discharge of leucorrhoea. I would like your advice,
and sincerely hope I may find relief in your medicine." — Miss Clara Poetk-
17IG, Richmond, Va. (Oct. 26, 1900.)
Statement No. 2. "*
" Dear Mrs. Peskham : — It gives me great pleasure to thank you for tha
benefit 1 received from your Vegetable Compound.
" When 1 wrote to you I could not go up-stairs or walk a hundred yards
¦without being completely fagged out, but to-day I can easily walk two miles.
I was also very nervous and suffered from a misery in my back but these
troubles arc all a thing of the past. I was at a loss to describe my feelings,
but now thanks to your. Vegetable Compound I am a well woman.
:. ''I advise all suffering women to write to Mrs. Pinkham, and I shall never
fail to recommend your remedies to my friends." — Miss Clara Poetewio,
Richmond, Va. . (March 26, 1901.) * t\ '•
Miss Thompson's Pains are Cured.
*• Dear Mrs. Pinkham : —I want to tell you what I^ydia E. Pinkham'S
Vegetable Compound has done for me. For several years I had suffered
with loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, constipation, palpitation of the heart,
headache, pains in nearly all parts of the body. My physician said it was ;
only indigestion, but bis medicine did not help me any. I began the use ot
yottr Vegetable Compound. I have taken four bottles and now those troubles
are cured. " cannot praise it enough."— Miss Belle S. Thompson, Box 14, \
Acushnet. M ss. i
A PAAA RK WARD. — Wo h»ve deposited with thaNational City Bank of Lynn, $5000,
wkll I v^rich wi 11 be paid to any person who can find that the abore testimonial letters
¦Ti. 1 1 1 H H 1 1 a? * not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per- ;
WWVyftJ mission. lydla E. Pinko am Medicine Co., Lynn, Mas*. jWe are carrying to the world the olive branch
of peace. We present to the world the law of
God, the word of the Lord, the truth, as it has
been revealed In the latter days for the redemp
tion of the dead and for the salvation of the
living from death. We have no malice; we
bear no malice or evil thought toward the chil
dren of men. . . .
In his annual address President Joseph
F. Smith reviewed the work of the church
the past year and congratulated Its mem
bers for having done more to increase the
membership and prosperity of the church
than In any previous year of its history.
In the course of his address President
Smith said:
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. April 4.— The
seventy-second annual conference of the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints, which convened in the tabernacle
here to-day, proves to be the largest
gathering of-, the kind in recent years.
Ideal weather prevailed and the streets
of the city are crowded with visitors.
bers for Increased Membership
of the Church.
President Smith Congratulates Mem-
ANNUAL CONFERENCE
OF LAHTEB DAY SAIHTS
CANTON, Ohio. April 4.— Mrs. Myron T
Herrick and Mrs. Duncan ! of | Cleveland the
latter a sister of the late President, arrived
here to-day for a visit with Mrs. McKlnley
Mrs. McKInley's condition, is about the same.
She goes out driving frequently and visits the
cemetery, every . day that the weather will
permit. N . .
SACRAMENTO, April. 4.-Martin Harri
son, a switchman employed by the South
ern Paciflc^was killed In the yards this
evening" by being, crushed by two cars
He was 62 years of age, had formerly been
a foreman, in the yards and had worked
for the company twenty-five years. He
leaves a family in Michigan.
Cars Crush a Switchman.
ST.' JOSEPH, Mo.,'ApriI 4.— Although a
score of officers are working on the case,
no clew has thus far been | found that is
likely to ; lead to the arrest of the four
robbers who hela up the Burlington train
three miles north of this city last night.
The railroad authorities assert that the
robbers got nothing, although on this
point conflicting reports are in circulation.
The scene of the 'attempted robbery is
very near the place where on the night
l0 £. ptember 24, .1893,- four young men of
this city made a futile attempt to rob a
Burlington train, two of the party being
shot down. On that occasion the railroad
authorities, under the leadership of W.
m Y. rown> then general manager of the
•Burlington's Missouri lines, ran a dummy
tra'n^, loaded with policemen and deputy
sheriffs, and the robbers were taken by
surprise, their plans having been divulged
by a, treacherous confederate.
The. robbers gained an entrance to the
express- car by compelling the engineer
to call to the express messenger and by
threats of blowing the door open with
dynamite. Ten shots were fired, one at
Conductor, Cox and several at Brakeman
Gaut, but .1 none took effect.
N The leader of the robbers !is described
by the train men as being about 35 years
?/„ age< 1 ve feet ten> Inches tall, weight
160 pounds, voice loud and clear ; He
wore a long black mask of cloth, cover-
i n ?,. hls^ fa , ee from the forehead down and
falling below his chin. When he gave or
ders to the train men or to the other rob
bers every word he said could be heard
distinctly.- v - ¦ -
The second robber is 40 years of age,
five.. feet TT nine inches tall, weight 140
pounds.^ He wore a black stiff hat- and *
dark red false beard. The third robber is
between 26 and 28 years of age, weight 150
pounds. He wore a long black mask. The
fourth man is between 22 and 24 years old
five feet seven .inches tall, weight about
15a pounds. He wore a black mask.
Railro .id Authorities Say
'That .'the. Desperadoes
Got Nothing.
TRAIN ROBBERS
STILL AT LARGE
SACRAMENTO, April' 4.— Albert G;
Schiller, • a . locomotive fireman, fell from
his engine, this morning between Cascade
and Tamarack and was killed. He was
a native of Shasta' County, aged 25 years
-and is survived by a wife and "two chil
dren. -%•"'•"," ¦¦ '"' ¦ ¦* v'- 'C, .-.,• ,.-• ¦
Railroad Man Meets' Death.
VALLEJO. April 4.— The Vallejo Op
eratic. Society sang the operetta "The
Mascot" this evening for the benefit of
the proposed McCalla sailors' clubhouse
in this city. Like the San Francisco af
fair of Thursday evening, this was par
ticipated in by leading society people, and
a good sum was netted as a result. There
was a large attendance of naval people
from Mare Island and San Francisco. Ar
thur Mesmer, the Tivoli tenor, eang one
of the roles.
Operetta "The Mascot", Sung.
PASADENA, March 4.— Rev. Ralph E.
Conner, for the past three years. pastor of
the First Universalist Church, has resigned
and his resignation has been accepted.
His successor has not yet been chosen.
Rev. Mr. Conner two months ago an
nounced his resignation on Sunday in
church, giving as his reason that he could
not please the conflicting factions of the
church, which is composed of both Uni
tarians and Universalists. This came as
a great surprise to the congregation and
brought tears to the eyes of many of his
friends. A parish meeting was called, at
which It was voted by a heavy majority
not 'to accept the resignation. .To-day
Rev. Mr. Conner declared that his resig
nation must be accepted.
Pastor Insists Upon Resigning.
Chief of Police Wlttman was exceeding
ly annoyed by the publication yesterday in
an afternoon j paper of a totally unwar
ranted statement that a reassignment of
eighty officers of the department was con
templated. He said last night that no
such movement was contemplated and
that he had in mind no new assignments.
He was well pleased, he said, with the
smooth manner in which the department
was being conducted, and there was. not
the . slightest foundation for the report
of the shake- irp. As this - is a matter
that is" left entirely to the - Chief under
the policy of the present Police Commis
sion, there can be no possibility that any
immediate changes are contemplated.
No Police Changes Contemplated.
Army Veterinary Writes of a Horri
ble Scene He Witnessed
Near Manila.
STOCKTON, April. 4.— In a letter to
James A. Hunter of Lodi, Dr. G. H;
Locke; serving In the United States army
at Manila '" as chief veterinary, makes
some remarkable statements concerning
the continued prevalence of bull. fights
The veterinary declares that he witnessed
a scene a few months ago that caused his
hair to turn white. It was at a bull fight
and seven natives were killed within an
hour. Three were gored^to death-by the
enraged bull, and the ap
plauded at -the horrible .spectacle. .Three
were killed by being thrown • from their
horses, one. of them being dragged . to
death, his foot having caught in the stir
rup.. During . the time - the , horse was
dragging the unfortunate victim the band
struck up a lively air. The last vlctlnY of
the day was killed by an accident. One of
the men threw a Javelin at the bull and it
went over the back . of the beast \and
struck a man in the breast. A, comrade
came dashing by, and, seelng>the wounded
man. dismounted. Drawing, a large-sized
revolver he beat him on the; head with
the butt of it until the unfortunate man
wa3 relieved by death.
Dr. Locke says that, these exhibitions
are given without the knowledge of the
head officials. . -
SEVEN BULL-FIGHTERS
_. SLAIN IN ONE ARENA
SANTA ROSA, April 4.— The. proposed
new .charter, was defeated instead of
adopted at the election held in this city
on Wednesday. The returns showed a
majority of 89 in its favpr, but the State
constitution declares that~a charter must
receive a majority of all the votes cast at
the election. Scarcely more than half the
voters expressed a preference on the char
ter question. ' . . .
Santa Rosa. Charter Defeated.
TACOMA, April 4.— After having been
separated forty years W. H. Thrapp, a
rancher of Lake Bay, and Miss Clara
A. Duncan of Knoxville, 111., met in Ta
coma to-day and were married. The wed
ding was the sequel to a romance of their
younger days. Both are 62 years of age.
Two score years ago they met and loved,
but vicissitudes of life parted them. This
afternoon they met again for the first time
in all that period. Police Judge Griffln
tied the knot that made the aged couple
one. .
Miss Duncan, the bride, arrived from Il
linois early In the afternoon and was met
at the station by her long-lost lover. At
4 o'clock they left the Courthouse husband
and wife. After their separation so long
Thrapp was married and reared a family.
His wife died two years ago. His former
sweetheart clung to the memory of her
early affections and became a bride to-day
for the first time.
Romance of Long
.Ago.
Aged Couple Figure in Sequel to a
LOVERS WED AFTEB, FORTY
YEARS OF SEPARATION
SAN JOSE, April 4.— Mayor Schmitz of
San Francisco delivered an address aj.the
entertainment and ball of the San' Jose
Stablemen's Union In Turn Vereln Hall
to-nigtjt. • Although the' Mayor was the
advertised attraction less than 150 people
were present to hear him. The audience,
however, was attentive and appreciative.
Mayor Schmitz congratulated labor on
Its organization and said that only in
union could it attain success. He warned
it against antagonistic capital and the po
litical "boss"— the two, he declared, going
hand in hand and being detrimental to
labor.
J S. Parry, Fire Commissioner, and
Louis Ohnimus, Civil .Service Commis
sioner of San Francisco, accompanied
Mayor Schmitz. They also delivered short
addresses. A musical programme inter
spersed the speaking, and dancing fol
owed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, April 4.— Warrants "were
sworn out in Justice Charles' court this
morning for the arrest of four Stanford
students on the charge of disturbing the
peace and resisting an officer. This Is the
sequel of a'gathering of students in front
of Nortree Hall last night prior to a pre
sentation of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" by the
Gerry company. More than 200 collegians
assembled and demanded admission at 25
cents each, one-half the regular price of
admission. This was refused them, and
they were told to leave the hall by David
A. Curry, the owner, who called upon
Marshal Ramsey and Constable Campbell
to disperse them. The students at the
top of the staircase claimed that- they
were unable to. go down because of the
pressure of the crowd at the bottom. Cur
ry became exasperated and threw several
buckets of water down the stairway, and
the students retired.
Later in the evening eggs were thrown
at the building., ,,
F. E. Naugle '03 and Coen '05 were ar
rested, and warrants are still out for M.
H. Newburg '02 and Richard Roe. Naugle'
is a track athlete and business manager
for the Stanford Alumnus. Coen and Nau
gle were allowed until 1:20 o'clock to
morrow afternoon to plead to the charges
against them.
David A. Curry is a graduate of Stan
ford, a former principal of the Redwood
High School and is at present engaged in
the furniture business. He claims that If
the two men now under arrest are con
victed a wholesale swearing out of war
rants will follow. He says that the town
will back him . up in his action. •< ;•¦
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
Mayor Addresses. Mem
bers of a San Jose
Union.
Pour Stanford Men Are
Accused of Disturb
ing the Peace.
WARRANTS OUT
FOR STUDENTS
SCHMIT Z TALKS
TO STABLEMEN
A FOUR- YEAR-OLD TOT^WHO
IS A CLEVER TOE -DAN-"*
CER.
. NEW YORK, April 4.^-At a special
meeting of the directors of the Michigan
Central Railroad to-day it was decided
to execute a mortgage with the Guaranty
Trust Company for $13,000,000, under which
oVfe per cent fifty-year gold bonds, will bo
Issued. Of this amount $10,000,000 will be
disposed of immediately for the payment
of the bonds of the Michigan Central fall-
Ing due on May 1. The remaining $3,000.
000 is to be held for future betterments
and enlargements, subject to the -rder of
the board. Of the bonds to be reti _d $S,000
000 bear .7 per cent and $2,000,00;) bear 5
per cent interest.
Decide to Execute Big Mortgage.
DENVER, Colo., April 4.— Miss Anna
Woodward, 17 years of age, died to-day
from injuries • received last night at the
wedding of her father, Warren D. Wood
ward, and Miss Lottie Newville.' In the
midst of the wedding ceremony- the paper
shade on a piano lamp caught flre. A
man grabbed the " blazing shade and
rushed out doors with it. In doing so he
brushed against Miss Woodward, whose
gown of light fluffy material immediately
burst into a blaze. Every effort was made
by the excited guests to smother the
flames, but they did not succeed until the
girl sustained burns which caused her
death. Woodward is a well known law
yer.
She Receives Burns Which
Cause Her Death.
Young Girl's Gown Catches Fire and
FATAL ACCIDENT MAES
. A WEDDING CEBEMONY
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Frank Sar
gent, . president of the Locomotive Fire
men, saw. the President to-day and was
tendered the position of Commissioner
General of Immigration. Sargent accepted
the offer, but he told the President that it
would be necessary for him to close up
his business affairs before he could take
charge of the office. The President in
formed him he could have all the time he
wanted. Meantime he Is to familiarize
himself with his new duties. It is under
stood that the resignations of Messrs.
Powderly and McSweeney have been re
quested. Joseph McMurray will succeed
the latter, and Joseph Williams will be
named soon to succeed Commissioner of
Immigration Fitch at New York.
byBoosevelt.
President of the Locomotive Firemen
Accepts Position Offered Him
SARGENT WILL SUCCEED
COMMISSIONER POWDEBLY
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., April 4.— C. E.
Coxe, formerly of St. Louis and Joplin,
Mo.,' committed suicide early to-day in
his room at the Vendome Hotel. It is
said he had been drinking very hard late
ly and became violent. When his at
tendant was telephoning for his physician
he turned on the gas and cut his throat.
Coxe had been here two years as a pro
moter of local zinc properties.
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., April 4.— Charles
E. Coxe was for years a resident of
Springfield, where he promoted real es
tate and mining deals. A dozen ears
age he married the ward of Jerome Dick
erson, whose property here and in Mich
igan is said to be worth more than a mil
lion dollars. Dickerson. it is said, op
posed the wedding and never forgave
either Coxe or his ward. Coxe left here
for Virginia and while there became in
volved in a difficulty that resulted in his
committing a murder. He was convicted
of first degree murder, but his sentence
was commuted to eighteen years In the
penitentiary. After serving four years he
¦was pardoned.
and Then Cuts His
Throat.
Turns on the Gas in His Boom
MINING PBOIIOTEB KILLS
HIMSELF APTEB A DEBAUCH
SAN JUAN, P. R-. April 4.— Companies E.
F. G and H of the Eleventh Infantry sailed
yesterday • from Mayagueae for Newport Neva
on th« Red D line steamer Maracalbo. Tb«
United States gunboat Machlas left here, to
day. Previous to sailing she coaled hurriedly.
O 1 N the evening of Saturday next
there will be an entertainment -in
Odd Fellows' Hall in honor of the
graduation of Miss Florence Hol
man as a pupil from one of the
dancing academies of this city. There Is
to be a varied programme of numbers, to
be followed by a ball.
A feature of the programme will be the
performance of Baby Jasmine Sidlowski,
who is but four years of age and who
will make her first appearance as a toe
dancer. She Is said to be the youngest
child in the United States who has ever
undertaken this very difficult method of
keeping step to the rhythm of music, and
those who have witnessed her perform
ance in private declare that she is the
most wonderful dancer in that line that
has ever been seen in this city. The child
Is unusually large for her age, and is pos
sessed of endurance that is most remark
able.,
A concurrent resolution was adopted in
the Senate providing for the appointment
of a joint commission of the two branches
of Congress to attend the ceremonies in
cident to the transfer Of the remains of
General Rosecrans. The committee to
represent the Senate was named as fol
lows: 'Senators Foraker, Spooner, Proc
tor, Bate and Pettus.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— At the open
ing of the session the Speaker laid befor*
the House an invitation from the Army
of the - Cumberland for the participation
by a committee of. the House of the serv
ices at Arlington Cemetery on the occa
sion of the reinterment of the remains of
the late Major -General William S. Rose
crans, which are to be removed from Los
Angeles, Cal., to Arlington about the mid
dle of May. • Upon motion of Grosvenor
of Ohio a joint resolution was adopted
for the 'acceptance of the Invitation and
the appointment of a joint committee to
attend the ceremonies at Arlington. -¦
resented at Beinterment of
General Bosecrans.
ACCEPT AN INVITATION
TO ATTEND CEREMONIES
Both Branches of Congress to Be Kep-
WASHINGTON, April 4.-Secretary
Root has prepared a report in answer to
a resolution of the Senate calling for all
the information contained in the reports
of Colonels Chamberlain and Maus ot the
inspector general's department In regard
to the transportation on transports of
freight for private firms or individuals.
The Secretary instituted a- thorough in
vestigation of the transport service at all
points of shipment In this country ami In
Manila and as a result he la able to Inform
the Senate that the records of the depart
ment show that there are no cases of the
character referred to in the Senate reso
lution of Inquiry. The rules of the service
prohibit the transportation of private
merchandise for private parties, and is
so strictly enforced that even samples
cannot be carried on the Government
ships. It Is expected that the Secretary's
report will be forwarded to the Senate to
morrow. ,.
Concerning the Transport
Service.
Secretary Boot Proposes a Report
FBEIOHT NOT CABRIED
FOB PBIVATE FIRMS
Other members of Carpenters' Union
No. 22 met at 1133 Mission street, and ac
cording to a statement made' by F. P.
Nicholas, president, and W. E. Smith,
secretary, decided to stay with the Build
ing Trades Council. The meeting was ad
dressed by. Brandon,- of the San Francisco
Bricklayers' Association; Chester, of the
Electrical Workers' Union; Clark, of the
Plasterers' Union; Tveitmoe, of the
Cement Workers' Union, and others. Con
siderable - enthusiasm was manifested.
Many of the members were compelled to
stand throughout the evening and the
overflow was accommodated in the ante
room. ¦ ' •
A meeting, of the members of Carpen
ters' Union No. 22, which was recently
suspended by order of the executive board
of the national, organization, was held at
the Turk-street Temple. About 300 were
present. The meeting was called by Mr.
Grimes, who represents the national body.
It was decided by those present to form
a new union under. the national organiza
tion and give up their present charter. A
temporary organization was effected by i
the election of Frank Cranford as tempo-'
rary president and F. Durvln as tempo
rary secretary- The -members who paid
their dues were provided with clearance
cards and will work, in harmony with the
members of Carpenters' Union No. 4S3,
which, is: under the control of the San
Francisco . Labor Council and United
Brotherhood.
The troubles between Carpenters'
Union No. 22, the District Council of Car
penters, the Building Trades Council of
San Francisco and the United Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners of Ameri
ca took a new turn last night, and as a
result the • situation is -more complicated
than ever. Both sides, claim victory for
their respective sides.
The reassessment of the corporations
followed the campaign waged by the
Teachers' Federation of Chicago, the
teachers claiming that the corporations
were escaping just taxation. A writ of
mandamus issued by the Circuit Court
compelling the State Board of Equaliza
tion to make a new assessment for 1SO0,
•which would include the value of fran
chises and capital stock, was sustained
by the Supreme Court of the State. The
Federal court assumed jurisdiction in the
injunction cases on the ground that oth
erwise the corporations would be unjustly
deprived of their property.
The enforcement of this rule cuts the
original reassessment something over 52,
000.000.
The basis shall be the net earnings of the
several complainants for the year ending April
1. 1900. proper allowance being made for de
preciation and replacement, but not for ex
tension and reduced further by the additional
taxes that the enforcement of this rule pro
duces. Upon this basis the value of com
plainants' capital stock, including: franchises
And tangible property, shall be capitalized
upon a ratio of 6 per cent; this equalized by a
redaction of SO per cent and then divided by
five. L'poa this (capitalization) the tax shall
be extended at the true rate for 1900. exclusive
of interest and penalties, not to exceed 88 7-100
per cent, from which Bhall be subtracted the
taxes already paid, and the balance will b»
the cum allowed.
The court holds that the taxing bodies
erred in taking the stock market values
of stocks for a taxing basis, holding that
the market values are largely fictitious.
The following is laid down by the court
es the proper determination of the reas
sessment for the year 1300:
The Union Traction Company, the Consoli
dated Traction Company, the South Chicago
Railway Company, the Chicago City Railway
Company, the Chicago Edison Company, the
People's Gas, Light and Coke Company and
the Chicago Telephone Company.
CHICAGO, April 4.— The decision of
Judges Grosscup and Humphrey of the
Federal court and District courts, re
spectively, in the injunction cases brought
by seven Chicago public utility corpora
tions to prevent the collection of taxes
assessed as a result of mandamus proceed
ings in the State courts some time ago,
was read from the bench by Judge Gross
cup to-day. It is in the nature of a com
promise. The court finds that the reas
sessment was from 30 to 40 per cent too
high on the stocks of the companies af
fected, but declines to enjoin the various
officials from collecting this extra money
until the corporations shall have paid in
the 60 or 70 per cent which the court re
gards as just. By this ruling the corpora
tions will hare to pay about $5,000,000 in
taxes before the injunction is issued. The
court appointed masters to determine the
exact amounts which should be collected.
The injunction was asked for by the fol
lowing companies^
One Agrees to Abide by the
Rules of the National
Organization.
' Masters Are Appointed to De
termine Amounts to Be
Collected.
Factions Hold Meetings
in D.fferent Lo-
Federal Judges Render
Compromise Decision
in Tax Cases.
FORM NEW UNION
OF CARPENTERS
BOTH SIDES CAIN
PARTIAL VICTORY
REBEL TROOP'S
SUFFER DEFEAT
TOT ONLY FOUR YEARS OF AGE
VERY CLEVER AS A TOE DANCER
Colombian Government
Destroys Insurgent
Armies.
Jasmine Sidlowski Will Give Exhibition of
Her Pretty Art at ; Entertainment to Be
Given in Honor of Miss Florence Holman
Scenes of; Wild Enthusiasm
Mark Receipt of News
» : . :; at Panama.
; PANAMA, Colombia, April 4.— This city
was the scene of the wildest enthusiasm
on the part . of the Conservatives when
Governor Salazarmade puBlic the follow-,
ing dispatch received from President
Marroquin: : " \-_ i - ¦ .¦„•¦,¦¦ : .
; Bogota— General. Valencia: has defeated
and completely destroyed the armies of
Generals Fdccien, Soto and Juan McAllis
ter. ,' General Urlbe-Uribe, who invaded
Colombian territory via Medina, in the
Department of Boyaea, was also defeat
ed by. General Perdomo.
i Governor Salazar informed the corre
spondents' that both victories were of
great, importance, because they meant,
practically, ' the end of -the revolution,
leaving only, the isthmus to be pacified.
I The, Governor has received a dispatch
from Cauca, announcing the approaching
departure of 8000 men from that depart
ment to begin operations against the L.o
eral General Herrera, wfio will be at
tacked by 10,000 Government soldiers. 1
Should Herrera attack Panama the Gov.
ernor said that the Liberals: would lose
every man they had because the entrenph*
merits of Panama were the strongest ever
built here and could "not be stormed ex
cept by a very numerous army, which the
Liberals do not possess. ".* • r$ V~^-.
i WASHINGTON. April 4.— Senor Concha,
the Colombian Minister, has received a
cablegram from President Marroquin of
Colombia confirming the press dispatches
from Panama pt the victories of Generals
Valencia and Perdomo over the insur
gents. It is believed at the legation -ere
that this will end the Insurrection' in Co
lombia, v :,: .... « :
CATTLEME1T ORGANIZE
•, ':¦•.'¦:¦ TO SECURED LEGISLATION
They Adopt Strong 1 Reolutions Be-
ploringithe Passing of the Oleo
;; -" .'¦ '"¦•. margarine, Bill. ¦: ; V"
. SALT LAKE, Utah, 1 " April 4.'— One qfthe
largest gatherings of ft cattlemen | ever
assembled in this city met here to-day
for the purpose of reorganizing the Utah
Livestock Association, for £he purposa of
protecting .their interests before the State
Legislature and in Congress. The meet
ing was eminently successful. John H.
White was chosen president and Wesley
K: Walton secretary.
1 Hon. Jerry. Simpson, ex-Congressman,
and-HonJ-M. A— Daugherty addressed the
convention on the benefits to be derived
Ironv State and national organizations.
: Strong! resolutions were adopted de
ploring the passage of the oleomargarine
bill and censuring those Western Senators
iwho voted for' the measure; calling upon
Congress-topass -the Grosvenor "shoddy"
bill, ths Interstate Commerce Commission
amendment and for *an amendment to the
census providing for. an annual classified
census of .livestock and protesting against
the. setting aside of any more forest re
serves v in jUtah. ¦.. .:••-¦ ? .. >
; .The Utah .Wool Growers 1 Association
-will , meet to-morrow, -when, in all prob
ability, .-: ; : -.similar ¦ resolutions will be
adopted; s ' '¦'¦;¦> ¦ :¦ . >
Father Daniel Biordan HI.
1 PASADENA, March 4.— Father Daniel
Riorflan, brother of Archbishop Riordan
"of San 'Francisco, is seriously ill in Hotel
.Raymond. He will not return East this
season; but will leave shortly, for Camp
Idlewild, Strawberry Valley, near San
Bernardino. He is the'fivest of Michael
Cudahy and family. " . . :
THE SAN FRANCISCO £ CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 5, 1902.
LOS ANGELES. April 4.— The United States
Postofflce Inspector here has been notified that
the Postoffice at Monteclto, Santa - Barbara
County, located In A. W. BaelTs store, was
entered by burglars on Wednesday night and
robbed of several hundred dollars In stamps.
8
K Established 1823.
WHISKEY
«»Att.£i *usiiPH, Recresentativer 300* Battery Street, San Francisco.";
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
.Surprising Results
A Simpl3 Internal Remedy
Makes Remarkable Cures
of Catarrh.
People who have used eprays. Inhalers, salves
end washes for catarrh and have found how
useless and inconvenient they are, will be
arreeably surprised at results following the
ose of a pleasant, internal remedy in tablet
lorm; druggists everywhere admit that Stuart'a
Catarrh Tablets, which they sell at 50 cents for
full sired* treatment, is the safest, most ef-
fective and popular of all catarrh remedies.
Nearly all cheap cough mixtures and throat
lozenges contain opiates; these cheap medicine*
rive a temporary relief, especially with little
children, by destroying nerve sensation; the
irritation In throat, which causes coughing, is
temporarily removed, not by removing the
cause, but by deadening the nerves of feeling
the irritation is not felt although It is etui
there and will promptly return.
Stuart 1 b Catarrh Tableu is the best remedy
to remove catarrbal secretion, whether In the
nose, throat or stomach, because they are com-
posed of wholesome antiseptics. Blood Hoot.
Bed Gum from Eucalyptus tree. etc. When you
use the*e tablets you know what you are put-
tlr.g Into your system and are not taking chances
with cocaine, opiates or similar poisons found
In so many catarrh cures and cough inedicines
Dr. Ramsdell, in commenting on catarrh
cures, says: *I can heartily recommend
Stuart s Catarrh Tablets, because they contain
no cocaine nor other dangerous drug found In
bo many advertised catarrh cures. I have
known of many cases of long standing catarrh
of the head and throat completely cured
by the daily uee of these tablets for several
weeks. One case in particular, which I could
not reach with an inhaler or spray and where
the catarrh caused daily headaches and a
noticeable loss of hearing, was entirely cured
by this harmless but effective remedy "
Dr. Wainwright says: "I never hesitate to
prescribe Btuarfs Catarrh Tablets for catarrbal
headaches and catarrnal deafness because- I
know them to be perfectly safe for child or
adult and have seen many remarkable cures
resulting from their regular dally use; because
they are advertised and sold In drug stores li
no reason why any rood physician should not
use them because we should seize upon the
means of cure wherever found.'*
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are especially vala-
atfle for catarrbal colds In children because they
ere pleasant to the taste and may be used
freely to break up severe colds and croup at
the very beginning.
Forty Pupils Selected From the Grammar Schools Enter a
Memory Test for a Prize. Parents and Pupils
Will Be Interested m This. First
Installment Next Sunday.
Monsignor Antonini, Stall Secretary, to Pope Leo XIE
The lilc Story ol Cecil Rhodes.
What to Do and What Not to Do at a Wedding, by
Mrs. Eleanor Martin.
A Night on a Patrol Wagon, by Alfred DezendorL
The. Hermit ol Land's End Lives in San Francisco*
Read the Romance ol His Lile.
The Molhcr in th: Hcmc— A Plain TalK by Bcv.F. K. BaKcr.
- Supplying San Francisco With Fish.
Home Magic— Funny Tricks You Can Do by Following
Ih: Directions.
Ths Sunday Call Prints More Western Stories Than- All
Oth:r San Francisco Sunday Papsrs Combined.
- s^ ¦ _^
LlPlITEB
its c2lt win.- SsaslsSl^ I » I - O Ail!!!
11 J Kjlr^n^^ tKree D*b<y«s
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ . . :
eorrniSNi ito* r» t«i w.ocrt» « iwM eo. cmemxATi.
A LESSON IN VALUES.
rZS|jOLLAR for dollar, pound for pound, there is
ifejlil more in Ivory Soap than in any household
J^^l soap. It is easy to find a cheap soap; but
iliilr "I to find purity and low price in a single soap
is not easy. They combine in Ivory Soap. You
can afford to use it in the laundry; you can not ,
1 afford not to> use it elsewhere. It is vegetable-oil
soap, in the cheapest form in which it can be pro-
cured; You pay nothing for a fancy box, wrapper
or perfume. It is all in the soap 1 It floats.¦ OAKLAND, rApril ' 4.— Licenses • to marry
were , issued ¦, to-day to Arthur S. ' N. Hor e,
aged-32. and' Lucy: R.V\Veeks,'23, both?of
Alameda; Federigo Federighl,-34. and Vir
ginia Totl.": 25, both of San Leandro.
Licensed to Marry.
Brigadier Generals Frederick Funston
and "W. A. Kobbe were the guests of Ma
jor B. H. Randolph, Artillery Corps, at a
puncheon at the Presidio yesterday. It
was a strictly informal • aSfalr and was
held at the Officers' Club at the po*|»
Generals Lunch at Presidio.
A. W. Bingham was convicted of petty
larceny, by Police Judge • Conlan j-»ster
day :«nd sentenced to serve 1 six itndiHha in
the Cpunty Jail. He was : employed a
clerk in a store at 62S' Market street: and
etole some money and goods.":
Bingham Gets Six Months.
Her Life's School Is Closed.
ALA MEDA, April 4.— Flags floated at
halfmast on all of the public schools to
day out of respect to the memory of the
late Mrs. M- K. Chace, who, for seven
teen vears. was a teacher In the local de
partment. Mrs. Chace had been on a sick
leave since last June. , She passed away
Tuesday at St. Luke\s> Ho«pital. Her
funeral' occurred this ,. afternoon. Do
ceased leaves two sons. Dr. William
Chace and John Chace.
Goes Free on Technicality.
Fred Smith, a Yolo County burglar, was
given his .freedom by the Supreme Court
yesterday, because the trial Jury convict
ed him of "committing the crime by day
light instead! of by night, a s charged In
the complaint.;. It Is held that the man
should, have 'been charged with burglary
simply^and that the trial would have re
sulted in determining, the degrde. ..
» ' Dr. J. J. Leek has asked' the Superior
Court to appoint a receiver to take charge
of the business conducted under the nanw
of Dr. , and Mrs. Davis at 1288 Market
street. He. claims that his wife, who
runs the place, has refused to allow him
to participate in the profits of the busi
ness, which he alleges, are community
property. He also asks to have the rights
of Mary Ford and Annie Pettls on the
premises determined.
Leek Asks for Receiver.
San Francisco Branch No. 8, United Na
tional Association of Postofflce Clerks,
will hold its second annual picnic at
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, to-morrow.
The clerks are enthusiastic In the sup
port of their association and will turn out
en masse with their families and friends.
In addition to these a large gathering of
the public Is confidently expected. An in
teresting list of games and races has been
prepared and a number of valuable prizes
are offered. : ; :.•;•'•;.
Postal Clerks' Picnic.
Late Snipping Intelligence.
; ; sailku.
Friday, Aj>rtl 4.
- Stmr Melville. Dollar, Gow, Saattb. .-
DOMESTIC PORT. .
POUT BL.AKELEY — Arrived ADril 1 — Brig
Tanner, - from San Pedro. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER. B C— Sailed April 4 — Br stmr
Aoranrl, for 8ydncy.
- VICTORIA. B C — Arrived April 4— Schr For
ester, hence March 25.
COMOX,- B C— Arrived April 4— Ship Flor
ence, hence . March 10.
' . OCEAN STEAMERS.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived ¦ prior to Anril 4—
Stmr Mlowera. from Vancouver, via Honolulu
and Brisbane. •
• MANILA — Arrived April 4 — Stmr Peru, from
San i Franclaco. via Honolulu and Yokohama
for Hcrgkong. « • -
GENOA — Arrived April 4 — Stmr Phoenicia,
from New York. .
QUEKNSTOWN — Arrived AdHI 4 — Stmr
Campaiiia. from New York. • for Liverpool
LIVERPOOL,— Sailed April 4— Stmr Taurlc
for- New -York.
LONDON— Sailed April l^Stmr. Menomlnee.
for Ne-w'Yorlc. '
BOULOGNE— Sailed Aurll 3— Stmr Staten
dam.'frcm Rotterdam, for New York.
MOV1LLE— Sailed April 4 — Slmr Anchorla.
from Glasgow, for New York; stmr Numldian
from Liverpool, for Halifax and St John, N B.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Aorll 4 — Strcr
Deutschland, from Hamburg and Southampton
for ¦ New York. . . .
; NEW YORK — Arrived April 4 — Stmr Luca
nla. fix m . Liverpool and Queens town.
The will of the late Albert Gerberdlng.
grain merchant, who died March 26, was
filed for probate yesterday. The docu
ment is holographic and bears date of Feb
ruary 19. 1897. He leaves his estate, which
is estimated to be worth 5100,000, to his
wife, Elizabeth Sear3 Gerberdlng, with
the exception of $1000. which he leaves to
his mother, Mary Gerberdlng. The execu
tors of the will are William Baehr ansj
the widow of the deceased.
Gerberding's.Will Filed.
Sergeants Anderson. 'Avers, BIdwell,
Burnett, Colby. iConbcy, Cousan.-Donlon,
Duke, Duncan, -Kllie, Gleaaon, Green,
¦ • :'-S"-; .' '¦ • ; '1-
¦Twenty-five of. the staunchest and
brawniest men in the State of California
stood last night before a committee of dec
tors to - stand the physical examination
that is required of men who want to be
come lieutenants of the San Francisco
police force. The examination was held
in the Police Commission rooms vat the
Hall of Justice, and out of the twenty
five" sergeants who bared their powerful
forms to the admiring eyes ' of the • doc
tors an even. two dozen were pronounced
free from spot, fault or blemish and thor
oughly city-broke. Out of these will; be
selected eight men for the shoulder straps
when the proposed increase is addedjto
the police .^department. The ; mental ex
aminations are still ahead,' and it is proba
ble that the eligible list will shrink con
siderably under the last r ordeal. .
Those who were examined -.' last night
were: . % . . " ',' ,' ¦'' '. - ' :
Four of the Brawny
Men.^v-v;-
Doctors Find No Fault With Twent7-
TWO DOZEN SERGEANTS •
PASSED EXAMINATIONS
Policeman Thomas Furlong died at his
residence, 525 Alvarado street, early yes
terday morning from general debility.* He
leaves a wife to mourn his loss. He
Joined the force on February 20, 1880/ and
did patrol duty until eight months ago,
when he was t asslgned as bailiff to one of
th.2 police courts and later was made one
of the doorkeepers in the City Prison.
He was compelled to take to his bed last
Sunday. During all the years he was on
the force he was never called to answer
a charge before the Police Board. He
was 61 years of age.
Policeman Furlong Dies.
Mr. Kearns was a native of Ireland, -69
years old. Coroner Leland allowed the
body to remain at the residence.
Bernard Kearns, foreman • for the San
Francisco Gas Company, was found as
phyxiated- in bed yesterday morning at
his residence, 1610% Bush street/ He ha(f
been . under the j care of a physician ¦ for
some time for heart failure. ' His daugh
ter^ Mrs. J.\H. Kelly, j informed Deputy
Coroner Meehan that she heard her father
go to the bathroom at 11 o'clock Thurs
day night, and return to his room u" short
time after. His body was found at -5:30
o'clock yesterday morning by, members of
the family, who had been attracted. to his
room by- the odor of. illuminating gas.
One of the keys of the gas fixtures was
turned on.
Kearns, Who Was Old and
Enfeebled.
Escaping Fluid Ends Life of Bernard
GAS COMPANY'S EMPLOYE
ASPHYXIATED IN BED
CORK, April 4. — John Redmond, chairman
of the United Irish League, was to-day prt
sented with the freedom of this city In the
presence of a large gathering of municipal
councilors and ths general public.
TRENTON. N. J., April 4. — George Hattrlck,
alias Franklin Williams, was hanged In the
Mercer County Jail to-day for the murder of
John Krause In this city on Thanksgiving day
last. ' • • ;:• v • ' .
SAN JOSE. April 4.— A fine of $200 or 100
days In Jail was the sentence Imposed to-day
upon Paul Haagen, a fl*h dealer of thin city,
for selline salmon out of season. ¦»
PITTSBURG. April 4. — Indianapolis was se
lected to-day as the place of the next meet
ing of the Grand Arch .Council Phi Kappa Psl.
John McBride. who claims to be a cook,
was arrested last night at Sutter street
and Grant avenue by Policeman David
Murohy, who noticed that the man was
wearing a, false mustache. Search re
vealed the presence of a large revolver
in the disguised man's pocket and he was
locked up on the charge of carrying con
cealed weapons. McBride recently had
trouble with a woman with whom he
had been living. She went to Sacramento
in company with another man and Mc-
Bride is said to have followed her dis
guised with the avowed Intention of kill
ing hia rival. He returned to San Fran
cisco yesterday by way of Stockton. He
has been living at the Stanford House, at
346 Sutter street.
Goes Gunning for a Rival.
P. E. Bowles of the First National Bank
of Oakland has purchased the control of
the American Bank and Trust Company
of this city and he will probably succeed
Edwin Fretwell as president. A new
beard of directors will be elected soon.
Mr. Bowles says the new board will con
sist of himself, Francis Cutting, G. P. Mc-
Ncar, W. H. Chickering and Lewis Mont
eagle. The capital stock, which Is now
about $500,000. will be increased to $1,000.
000. The bank was instituted fourteen
years ago. Edwin Fretwell was president
and O. D. Baldwin vice-president.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
SECURES CONTROL OF
BANK AND TRUST COMPANY
SANTA ROSA, April 4.— B. W. Hunt
died to-day, after several weeks* Illness.
He was a native of Pennsylvania and.
crossed the plains in 1851.
B. W. Hunt.
Forsell's Wounds Prove Fatal.
August Forsell, who inflicted injuries on
himself at the residence of his brother,
362 H viand avenue, on the night of the
2d inst. with intent to commit suicide,
cied at the City and County Hospital yes
terday. Forsell resided at 318 Ritch street
with his wife and child.
VALLEJO, April 4.— Lieutenant Meni
fee, U. S. N., who has been under treat
ment in the naval hospital at Mare Isl
and for cancer of the tonguev died to
day. The lieutenant is survived by a
widow and a 16-year-old daughter.
Lieutenant Menifee.
•~ "Mr. Crosby is opposed to me and is 'try
ing no 'make political capital out of this
business.' My -accounts will show that
every; cent and more, too, due the town
of Haywards'has been paid. _
'"So far, as 'Mr. Stone's bills are con
cerned, I understand it was. well known
that : the Stones were satisfied to " let the
bills stand, pending: settlement of. some
questions-abov.t work done.", '•": '.. " .
"This matter does not worry me a par
ticle,'' • said Clerk Obermuller. "My ac
counts with the town of Hay wards are
straight. 1 do not owe the town one cent.
I -. admit: that the money, was- not turned
over as soon as it should, but I am per
fectly responsible for the coin, and the
books * are • clear. .There has been some
tangle because. I followed along the same
lines'as my predecessor. I had no one to
advise me.' The best I can. say is that
I am 'out of pocket on the delinquent tax
collections. ; I. have put. up money out of
my own purse on taxes - that ' were not
paid. ' " - ' :'¦¦:¦¦ ¦¦ ' . • : ¦ •
All this was brought to the attention of
the trustees Wednesday night,. the result
being i that a report wfll . be made at a
meeting. Monday night. ' : , ¦ > ¦
Crosby wants .'to know why Obermuller
did not pay into the town treasury his
collections on de.inquent taxes, etc., un
til March 29, when he had been collecting
since last December. The trustee also
asked >why Marshal Ramage had not
turned \in J-J5S until that date when the
money had been collected as far back as
January. Crosby likewise demanded to
know, whether Marshal Ramage had not
held out $800 of bills against the town on
account' of work done by the E. B. & A:
L: Stone Company because Ramago knew
that the town clerk was in arrears. »
But Obermuller defies the inquisitive
trustee to find any shortage, and the town
clerk retorts that all of this fuss is "pol
itics." ;He Is a candidate for re-election
on -April. 14 and is opposed by William
/iambresky. • Obermuller declares that
Crosby is against him." ' rJ/V -¦
KAYWARDS, April 4.— Town Trustee
Peter Crosby, who is chairman of the
finance committee of the town board, has
demanded an Investigation of the ac
counts of Town Clerk John Obermuller,
and of Town, Marshal W. J. Ramage, who
are charged, among other duties, with
that of tax, license and municipal fee col
lections. : Trustee Crosby intimates that
Obermuller has been lax in turning over
tov.-n funds. The. same situation con
fronts Ramage.
An examination of the child's, throat
showed that a peanut had lodged in the
windpipe and cut off' respiration. It had
eaten some peanuts that were lying on a
table in the room where it had been play
ing. The failure of the child to remove
the inner peel «of the peanut is supposed
to have caused the peanut to lodge In its
windpipe.
The accident occured on the ranch of
the Perrys near Pleasanton. The mother
was. temporarily absent from the room in
which the babe had been playing, when
she suddenly heard a gurgling sound.
She hurried to the child and found it
writhing in agony j on the floor. She
picked the child up and administered for
it, but the convulsions grew worse. She
then sent for a physician, but by the time
he arrived the child had expired.
Death from eating peanuts is the fate
that overtook the babe of Mr. and Mrs.
Anton Perry of Pleasanton yesterday.
The child, who was only eighteen months
old, was seized with convulsions soon
after eating the peanuts and died in its
mother's arms before a doctor could- be
summoned to treat it. j A peanut lodged in
the infapt's windpipe and strangled it to
death.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 4. j
William Ji Dingee has purchased the
northeast corner of Geary street and
Grant avenue for about $300,000. The lot
is 122:5 feet on Grant avenue, 40:7 feet on
Geary Street and 50:10v» on St. Mark's
place. Davis Brothers are the sellers. On
the land Is a four-story building of brick,
in .which are stores and a French restau
rant. The present improvements yield an
income of about $1500 per month. Bo
vee. Toy & Sonntag were the brokers
making the. deal. .
DINGEE BUYS CORNER (
FOR ABOUT $300,000
OAKLAND. April 4.— William Hallett,
deputy poundman, has been held for trial
in the Superior Court on a charge of
stealing a horse from J. S. Jackson. Two
witnesses testified they £aw Hallett take
the horse from a boy who was leading it
by a rope.
Deputy Poundmcn Held for Trial.
It Cuts Off Respiration
and Then Brings On
Convulsions. .
Trustee Crosby Creates
Stir in Hay wards
Officialdom.
CARACAS, Venezuela, April 4.— Mr.
Middleton, a former British Minister to
Venezuela, died here to-day at the ago
of 87 years. '--. ¦'.
Mr. Middleton was British Minister to
Mexico during the reign of Emperor Max
imilian, v i
Former Minister Middleton.
Nine companies of the First Regiment
of the League of the Cross Cadets had
a "try-out" last night at | the Mechanics'
Pavilion in order to determine which
were eligible to enter the annual competU
tive drill, which will be held on Aprif
18. The companies and their command
ers were as follows: ¦ Company A, Captain
William C. Hopper; B. Captain Edward
F. Glennon; C, Captain William J. Quinn;
D, Captain Frank* McCarthy; H, Cap
tain Thomas Eccles; I, Captain George
Welch; K, Lieutenant Johnston; L, Cap
tain Frank Grimley; O, Captain Joseph
Wesplear. '
Each company was - allowed - five min
utes, and the captain during that time
was required to put it through [ certain
evolutions. The judges were Captains J.
F. Eggert, Frank Moore and George T.
Ballinger, all of the First California
Regiment. They were unanimous in the
selection of Companies A, D, H and.L.
Company D now holds the Montgomery
trophy, and the members are determined
to win the "Colonel K. J.. Powers trophy"
if possible. '
Out Drill for Places in Com
ing Competition. '>•':.*
League of the Cross Cadets Have Try-
FOUR COMPANIES % TO
CONTEST FOR TROPHY
OAKLAND. April 4.-E. D. Hughes, re
siding at 1248 Center street, reported to
the police that two men, armed with
pistols, attempted to hold him up at 6
o'clock this evening at Eighteenth and
Peralta streets. Hughes said he ran and
escaped from the footpads. The attempt,
according to Hughes, was made in broad
daylight.
Says Footpads Assaulted Him.
On Wednesday the new headquarters in
the Humboldt Bank building at 16 Geary
street will be opened and active work for
the coming campaign will be inaugurated.
It is proposed to thoroughly organize each
district, form clubs and hold meetings.
The leaders cf the Republican Primary
League announce that they have no choica
for Governor. : ¦ .
. An enthusiastic meeting of the Republi
can Primary League was held last night,
and it was decided to send a full quota of
delegates to the League of State Repub
lican Clubs, which meets at San Jose on
April 14. • The Republican . Primary
League is entitled to 416 delegates and a
like unmber of alternates. It is expected
that the entire delegation of 832 will go
to San Jose.
Beginning Work 'for Ensuing
Gubernatorial Election. ¦
SELECTS HEADQUARTERS
FOR COMING CAMPAIGN
Republican Primary League Purposes
MAKES INQUIRY
ABOUT FINANCES
Nicholas Ernser, a '¦ bartender in the
Golden Bell saloon at 1079 Market street,
died suddenly yesterday afternoon at his
residence, 223^4 Natoma street, presum
ably from poisoning. .
He came home at noon and told his
wife that he was not feeling well. Then
he lay on the bed, and when his wife re
turned to the room after a few moments'
absence she found him unconscious. She
'¦an in haste for a near-by physician, but
Ernser had died before they returned.
On a table near the bed were a glass cf
milk, a glass of water and a vial contain
ing two teaspoonfuls of an anodyne, an
overdose of which is sufficient to produce
death. Ernser was a native of Sweden.
47 years of age, and leaves a wife and
two children. An inquest will be held.
NICHOLAS ERNSER DIES
r AT HOME VERY SUDDENLY
C. F. Gladding, where they received medi
cal attendance. Later they were taken to
their home. • ¦•¦
Both of the horses were badly cut and
one is so seriously injured that It will
probably have to be killed. The wagon
was damaged and the '"rear of the car
totally wrecked.
Driver Macaulay's thumb will probably
have to be amputated.
Helms. Kelly, Mahoney, McManus, Nor
man, Shaw, Shea, Wolf and H. J. Wright.
Doctors Armistead, Bazet, Williamson,
Gianninl, McConkey, Brooks, Rottanzi,
Clement, Potter. Kellog, Mined, Ford and
Stirewalt conducted the examinations.
gers on the seat .were pinioned in the?
debris for an instant, and then, when the
horses fell beside the car, they were car
ried with them to the ground.
Bystanders rushed up and caught the
horses and with the assistance of the
conductor and motorman • carried Mrs.
Mulholland and her daughters out of
their perilous position. The injured pas
sengers were removed to tne office of Dr.
The funeral of Devine's victim was held
from the family home at 5873 Fremont
street. It was attended by a large num
ber of friends of the deceased. The
funeral procession went from the late
home to St. Columba's Church, where the
Rev. Father Hesiin conducted the rites.
OAKLAND, April 4.— Thomas Devine,
the murderer of John J. O'Connor, was
visited in the County Jail this morning
by Attorney Clift of his counsel and Dr.
liamlln of Oakland and Dr. Robertson of
Liverrnore. Both of the physicians noted
his conduct and made an examination to
determine Devine's mental condition. The
doctors did not divulge their conclusions,
but will reserve them for the attorneys
who have been retained to defend Devine.
of His Victim.
fendant's Attorneys — Funeral
Reserve Their Judgment for the De-
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Lieutenant
Commander William H. Schuetze died to
day from a complication of acute stomach
and lung troubles. He was appointed
from Missouri and graduated at the head
of his class at the naval academy in 1867.
He went on the expedition to the Lena
Delta and brought bacx the bodies of
those who died In the famous De Long
arctic expedition. He spoke Russian flu
ently and in 1SS2 was sent again to the
Far North at the Instance of the State
Department to distribute presents among
the natives of Northern Siberia In return
for their kindnesses to the De Long party.'
He was a man of high attainments, un
usually well equipped for the scientific
branches of the naval service. As art
expert In compass work he brought that
instrument to a high state of perfection,
for the navy. He was the navigator of
the Iowa during the Spanish-American
war.
Who Served During the Spanish-
American War.
Government Loses an Able Officer
NAVIGATOR SCHUETZE
DIES AT WASHINGTON
MOTHER AND TWO DAUGHTERS WHO MIRACULOUSLY ESCAPED
DEATH IN • A COLLISION BETWEEN AN ELECTRIC CAR ON
WHICH THEY WERE PASSENGERS AND A RUNAWAY TEAM.
EXPERTS LOOK FOR SIGNS
OF INSANITY IN DEVINE
THE DAY'S DEAD,
Mrs. Minnie L. Calvin, a widow living
at 812 Dolores street, secured a warrant
frcm Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the
arrest of Leonard Marks, a machinist, on
the charge of assault to murder. . She
claims that Marks has been pestering her
with his attentions, and that on March
31, while-under the influence of liquor, he
called at her house, and, seizing a rifle
that was in the hallway, raised it to his
shoulder and said that if she would not
marry him he would "blow her head off."
Another woman- jumped between them,
and Mrs. Calvin made her escape. Since
then Marks has been going around declar
ing he would kill her, Mrs. Calvin de
clares.
Marks was arrested at his home, 4176
Twenty-fifth street, last night by Detec
tives Fitzgerald and Graham of the Mis
eion district. He claimed that he had
contributed to Mrs. Calvin's maintenance
since he was . 16 years of age, and had
bought her costly presents, one of them
being an expensive piano. He disclaimed
any intention of harming her and attrib
uted her action to other motives.
Marks Arrested on a Charge
. , . ,of_ Assault to-Murder.
Mrs. Minnie Calvin Has Leonard
WIDOW SAYS HER WOOER
POINTED RIFLE AT HER
After being four weeks in the City Pris
on charged with an offense he never com
mitted, Patrick Brady was acquitted by
Judge Mogan yesterday, and the police
are to search for the .man who was his
accuser and the real culprit.
Brady and Nicholas Stafford were ar
rested on March 10 in front of a lodging
house at 328 Third street on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon on com
plaint of August Beisel, who lived in the
lodging-house. Stafford was able to give
bonds, but Brady had to remain in prison.
Each time the case was called Beisel
failed to appear and the police have been
unable to find him. Yesterday it devel
oped that Brady saw Beisel on the night
in question on the sidewalk - with an ax
in his hand trying to strike Thomas Cole
man. Brady Interfered and Beisel
knocked him down by a blow with tho
ax. Just then Stafford came along and
took the ax from Beisel, warning him
not to strike Brady again. Beisel com
plained to the police. His story was be
lieved and Brady and Stafford were ar
rested. Coleman was also, arrested for
battery upon a woman, but the case was
dismissed several days ago.
Has Patrick Brady and Nicholas Staf
ford Arrested Instead of
Himself.
BEISEL PLATS SHARP
TRICK ON TWO MEN
NEW YORK. April 5.— High diplomatic
circles here are discussing plans, believed
to be far advanced, for a visit by the
Prince of Wales to the United States, says
the London correspondent of the Times.
The administration at Washington is of
ficially forwarding the proposal for the
visit, which it is understood receives the
personal sanction of King Edward, some
of whose counselors urge the acceptance
of the invitation as a matter of astute
state policy. The splendid welcome ac
corded to the brother of the German Em
peror is believed to be a forceful Influence
In this connection.
Visit From Prince of Wales.
PEANUT CHOKES
BABE TO DEATH
The horses ran up University avenus
and at San Pablo avenue swerved and
started to go south. Car No. 44, in
charge of Conductor E. Peterson, was
standing on San Pablo avenue, close to
the. southern crossing of Cniversity ave.
nue. In making the turn from University
to San Pablo avenue the Horses plunged
Int* the side of the car. The heavy pole
and neck yokes smashed the woodwork
and one of the horses was thrown up on
the steps, the stanchions being broken
by the animal's body. The three passen-
The runaway team is owned by Gray*
son, Owen & Co. of Butchertown, and
was driven by William Mlicaulay. _A stop
had been made In front of a butcher-shop
at Eighth and University avenues to de
liver some meat, when the horses took
fright at a small boy driving a goat. Ma
caulay was out of the wagon, but as soon
as his horses .started he grabbed the lines
and was dragged a considerable distance
in a fruitless effort to stop them. He did
not release his hold until he fell and
a wheel passed over his thumb and
crushed it.
ERKELEY, April 4.— Mrs. Mary
. E.. Mulholland, wife of W. W.
Mulholland, a lumber surveyor,
who resides at 1609 Fifth street,
. West Berkeley, and her two chil
dren, were the victims of- a collision be
tween a runaway team and a street car
this morning and all met with serious in
juries. The accident occurred at "the cor
ner of University and San Pablo avenues,
where Mrs. Mulholland and her children
were sitting on an outside seat of a San
irablo avenue car, waiting for it to take
them to Oakland.
One of the children, Mamie, aged 10,
was struck by the heavy wagon pole. The
other Mabel, aged 8, narrowly . escaped
being impaled by the pole, and with her
sister and mother was swept to the
ground. All were badly bruised by the
fall and Mrs. Mulholland was cut by fly
ing glass. ,
Neither of these patriots ever collected
a cent. Alviso died in 1SS0, after vainly
trying to get reimbursement. His four
sons were left e<jual shares in the claim,
but they were never able to collect on It.
James A. Waymire bought three of the
interests and went to Mexico to collect
the claim, but all he could get was $22,ttX>
in Mexican securities that are worth less
than 50 cents on the dollar. His venture
cost him a good deal of money, as the ex
penses were too big for the income.
Guadaloupe Alviso. who did not sell his
share, tried to block the administration
of Augustino Alviso's estate, which has
been in probate twenty years, but he was
unsuccessful. Judge Ellsworth to-day
confirmed the final account and dis
charged the executor. Judge , Waymire
told the story of the loan.
OAKLAND, April 4.— Augustino Alviso,
founder of the great Spanish-Californian
family of that name, and the late General
Vallejo. helped Mexico to light her bat
tles with the usurping Emperor Maximil
ian in the '60's. They loaned the Govern
ment munitions of war — horses, powder
and guns— and took in payment an ac
knowledgment that $250,0lK) was owing to
them.
Old Claim.
Money Trying to Collect
Judge Waymire Tells How He Lost
AUGUSTINO ALVISO GAVE
AID TO MEXICAN KEPUBLIC
My Dear Senator Hoar: I very earnestly
wish I could be at the meeting over which you
are to preside in honor of the eightieth birth
day of Edward Everett Hale. A classical allu
sion of comparison Is always very trite, but I
suppose all of us who have read the simpler
classical books think of Timoieon In bis days
at Syracuse, loved and honored in his old age
by the fellow-citiaens In whose service he" had.
spent the strength of his best years, as one of
the noblest and most attractive figures In all
history.
Dr. Hale is just such a figure now. We love
him and we revere him. We are prouder of
our citizenship because he Is our fellow-citizen,
and we feel that his life and hia writings both
alike spur us steadily to fresh effort toward
high thinking and right living. To have wrtt
ten "The Man Without a Country" by Itself
would be quite enough to make all the nation
his debtor. I belong in the innumerable army
of those who owe him much, and through you
I wish him Godspeed now. Ever faithfully
yours, THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
BOSTON, April 4.— In a letter sent to
Senator George F. Hoar, expressing re
gret that he could not be present at. tho
public celebration of the eightieth birth
day of the Rev. Dr. Edward Everett Hale
in this city last evening. President Roose
velt said: .'-r
the Author of "The Man With
out a Country."
President Says Nice Things About
ROOSEVELT'S TRIBUTE
TO EBOTARD EVERETT HALS
As the defendant offered to return the tools,
which offer was refused by Thayer unless the
tool-boxes were also returned. It Is necessary
to consider only plaintiff's claim to the tool
boxes.
The evidence shows that " tho tool-boxes in
question were made by two apprentices. Don
aldson and Williams, of material belonging to
the defendant, the Union Iron Works, and
during hours that Donaldson and Williams
¦were paid to devote to the service of the cor
poration. 1
¦¦As the material and time occupied In the
manufacture 'of the boxes belonged to the
Union Iron Works, the conclusion must follow
that the boxes on completion were the prop
erty of the defendant.
No doubt Thayer, the plaintiff, purchased
tho tool-boxes In good, faith from Donaldson
an* Williams, but as the apprentices never ac
quired any title other than . that which mer*
possession conferred upon them, Thayer'a
claim to the boxes must, fail on the assump
tion of ownership by the rightful owner, the
Union Iron Works.
"That no one can transfer to another a bet
ter title than he himself has. Is a maxim,"
says Chancellor Kent, "alike of tho common
and the civil law."
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave judg
ment yesterday in favor of the Union
Iron Works, which was sued by Oscar R.
Thayer, a minor, for $4 55. The action
was brought to recover possession of two
tool-boxes valued at $3 50, and levels and
miscellaneous tools- of the value of $105.
In his opinion Justice Daniels says:-
Possession Is Vested in Union
Iron Works. '
Justice of the Peace Daniels Decides
APPRENTICE BOY IS NOT
ENTITLED TO TOOL-BOXES
The Supreme Court to-day held that tho
absence of the perfected title was purely
technical and that Archbishop Ireland has
the right to sell the land In question. Pro
ceedings of ejectment will now be com
menced against the squatter settlers.
ST. PAUL, April 4.— The Supreme Court
to-day made Archbishop Ireland richer by
$200,000.. Ten years ago the Great North
ern selected certain public lands in Min
nesota under a land grant from the Gov
ernment as a bonus for the road. Short
ly thereafter Ireland bought 50,000 acres
of this land at H an acre. He Induced
many to settle on the land and sold it to
them at a nominal figure, promising to>
return the money if the title, which was
In doubt, should revert to the Govern
ment. Other settlers located on a portion
of this land, and when it was sought to
eject them a test case was brought in the
courts to determine the title. It appears
that the railroad never obtained deeds to
this land from the Government, and so
.the title and right of Ireland was ques
tioned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
It was annouriced at the university to
day tS»4.t the students who had been
dropped from the college rolls for. not
being vaccinated would be allowed to re
turn after April 14, providing that no more
cases of smallpox developed. This order
affect3 more than 100 students who re
fused to obey the vaccination rule. An
instructor in jurisprudence, C. H. Boke,
was ill with poison oak at the time inoc
ulation was ordered, and as he could not
comply with it on that account he, too,
will have to remain from college classes
until Monday after next.
If a system of student control could be de
vised, such that it would be acceptable to the
faculty and the great maorlty of the student
body, would you give to it your active and
consistent support, thus pledging yourself .to
support the principle o f an honest examination,
and for thus pledging yourself to do every
thing in your power to stop the practice of
"cribbing" (cheating In examinations) wher
ever it may appear?
Do you favor vesting the entire control of
examinations in the student body?
Do you -favor vesting entire control of ex
aminations in the faculty?'
It was decided that on Monday and
Tuesday the question of student control
will be voted on by the students them
selves and an attempt be made to get an
"honor system" established at the univer
sity. The following questions will be
voted upon, and if a large majority of
the students vote "yes" on the first and
third steps will be taken for the perma
nent establishment of the "honor sys
tem" and student control: .
" During the meeting Graduate Manager
Decoto reported $188 15 in the student
treasury and $280 50 due from the alumni.'
As $500 is still owing a local bank, this
leaves the students $31 35 in debt should
accounts be balanced. Winfield Dorn of
the student track finance committee re
ported that $709 90 had been collected from
the student body to be put in the track
team fund. This sum represented contri
butions from only 'one-fifth of all the col
legians.
E. W. Decoto was renominated for the
position of graduate manager. . No candi
date was put in opposition, for Decoto
was the unanimous choice of the student
body. ;'.v %
Furlcng is a junior in the college of
chemistry and his home is in this city.
Wright comes from Los Angeles and is a
junior In the college of social science. The
position for which they are both candi
dates is particularly important. The pres
ident is at the head of all student attairs
and has the appointment of leading com
mittees. The election will be held next
Thursday at North Hall.
The candidates are as follows: Presi
dent, H. W. F. Furlong and S. B. Wright;
vice president, Leslie Symmes and An
thony Cadogan; secretary, C. G. White
and Norman Titus.
BERKELEY, April- 4.-The 'Associated
Students of the University of California
nominated officers for the. coming year
this morning at a meeting held in Har
mon Gymnasium. Unusual interest was
manifested in the nominations, particular
ly for the position of president.
BERKELEY, April 4.— Henry yogt, who
lives on Acton street, near Virginia, was
arrested this evening and taken to «.~e
County Jail "on a charge of assault to
commit, murder. The complaint .was
sworn to before Justice Edgar by Hugh
O'Neill, a neighbor of Vogt. ,
O'Neill alleges that Vogt shot at him
with a shotgun this afternoon, the charge
tearing up the ground within two feet of
him. He says that his dog chased one of
Vogt's chickens out of the O'Neill yard,
and that Vogt, seeing this, rushed into
his house and reappeared with a gun, and
shouting to O'Neill, "Nfew, I have you
alone," raised it and fired. O'Neill de
clares Vogt shot to kill.
Vogt has been in trouble before. About
a year ago he was found guilty of bat
tery on P. O'Neill, the complaining wit
ness! father. The present difficulty seems
to be the outcome of neighborly friction.
Vogt's bond has been fixed at $3000.
In all other respects Judge Ogden held
that the complaint was grood as against
a general demurrer. He wants things
mere clearly stated, however, in the three
particulars noted- He gave ten days
within which the plaintiff can amend his
complaint.
Third— That the complaint says no proper
tooountirg: has been given, implying that some
oecouctir* had been given, when, as is alleged,
there was none at all. The complaint must
show. too. in what particular this failure to
Eccount was improper.
Second — That the complaint does not anno
tate the owners of the stocks and bonds alleged
to belong to the Enquirer corporation that the
complaint says are in the hands of private in
dividuals wrongfully. Judge Ogden held that
the complaint should state in -whose names this
property stands and how much it is worth.
All the arguments were of a technical
rcture. There were three cardinal points
that helped to undo Mr. Collins* complaint
end they are enumerated as follows:
First— That there is no distinct allegation
in the complaint that the services of G. B.
Daniels as managing editor of the Enq lirer
were not worth $500 a month.
The flaws were all pointed out in a de
murer that Henry P. Dalton's attor
ney filed in his behalf. R. M. Fitzgerald
and Carl Abbott were in- Judge Ogden'8
court to explain the alleged errors, and
J. B. Richardson was present to explain
them away. Henry Ach, Mr. Richard
son's associate, was absent.
After listening to the arguments of the
attorneys all day Judge Ogden decided
to-day that the supplementary complaint
D. Edward Collins filed against Dr.
George C. Pardee, Henry P. Dalton and
G. B. Daniels of the Oakland Enquirer
needs patching in a number of places
where there are legal rents.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 4.
Claims Title to Fifty Thousand
Acres of Valuable
Land
Collegians Not. Vaccinated
May Return to Classes in
Two Weeks.
Procures Arrest- of Neighbor
for Alleged Attempt
to Kill.'
Sustains Dalton's Demurrer
Pointing Out . Certain
Shortcominga
Minnesota's High Court
Decides in the Arch
bishop's Favor.
Students of University
Name Important
Candidates.
Judge Ogden Finds
Some Legal Rents
in Its Fabric.
H. O'Nei 1 Secures a
Warrant, Charging
Serious Offense.
IRELAND WINS
BIG LAND SUIT
DECLARES VOGT
MEANT MURDER
COLLINS' PLAINT
NEEDS PATCHING
PLAGE OFFICERS
IN NOMINATION
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY '* APRIL 5, 1902;
Wagon Pole Strikes Seat Bearing Mrs. Mary E. MulHolland
and Her Two Daughters, and: All of Them Are Knocked
to the Ground, One Child Just Escaping Impalement
RUNAWAY TEAM DASHES INTO CAR
AND THREE PEOPLE ARE INJURED
POSTUM CEREAL.
A PHYSICIAN HURT.
Helped Himself.
When the doctor himself brings on
heart disease by the use of coffee It is
time for ordinary people to think care-
fully of the effect of that beverage.
The testimony "of Dr. O. W. Mathew-
ccn, 1254 Pcnn. Ave., Des Molnes. la.. Is
as follows. His letter Is rather long and
this* extract -is necessarily condensed: .
"I om a physician of IS years' practice.
I felt the need of a Etimulant and for the
fret five or six years of my practice used
strong coffee. Eight or ten years ago I
began to notice symptoms of heart dls-
caf e. This seemed to be a regular or-
ganic type and year by year became ag-
gravated. . Dizziness, falntness and later
inability to walk at times.
"Physicians could find no marked symp-
toms of disease, but thought there might
be of a kind that escaped observation.
Finally I became a confirmed invalid and
gave up practice.
"Several y*ars elapsed with the symp-
toms growing worse. I was considered
as marked for an early grave. It finally
became impressed upon me to give up
coffee. This I found easier to do when
Postum Food Coffee was used in its place.
1 did this more to satisfy my friends than
with any hope of benefit from such a
simple change, especially in such an in- :
curable case as mine. I was debilitated
ar.cl very weak and about 3<J pounds short '•
(.1 my old weicht.
"From the firet week I noticed a marked
change, and within three months I trail
alir.Oi-t fuliy rci-rtorcd to my old strength ;
and health. These facts are known to
hundreds . of my friends and acquaint-TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. April 4.
Etmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 35 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Newsboy, Johansen, 24 hours from Eu
reka '_}
Stmr Eureka. "W'eeden, 13 days from Ka
hulul.
Stmr Newsboy, Joham.sen, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru. Filmer, 27 days
Notice to Mariners.
MARROWSTOXE POINT POST LIGHT STA
TION.
Xotice is hereby given that on or about
April 15, 1902, the characteristic of the fog
sig-ial. a bell, at this station, on Marrowstone
Point, the northeasterly extremity of llarrow-
Etcne Island, westerly side of Admiralty Inlet,
will be changed to strike a single blew every
fifteen Fecor.ds, instead of a double blow as
at present.
This notice affects the "Ust of Ughts and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast, 1902." page 38. No.
176. and the '"List of Beacons and Buoys. Pa
cific Coast. 1902," page 7B.
Ey order of the Lighthouse Board.
N. H. FARQUHAK,
Read Admiral, United Slates Navy, Chairman.
The British ship Bcnlarig was cleared yee
terday Tor Queenstown for orders, 59.SS9 ctls
whfit, valued at $66,812.
The French bark Bayard was cleared for the
same port with C6.150 ctls wheat, valued at
$74,420.
Wheat for Europe.
The German ship Ostara loads lumber on
Burrard Inlet for Delagoa Bay, 65s, chartered
prior to arrival.
The bark Albert will load general'merchan
dise at this port for Honolulu.
The German ship Alice is chartered for wheat
at Tp.coma for Europe at 26s 3d. prior to ar
rival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
1STEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Eureka Arrives From KahnluL
The steamship Eureka arrived yesterday
from Kahului and was ordered to quarantine
fo- fumigation.
A heavy fog interrupted traffic on the bay
yesterday morning and for an hour or so
schedules were discarded and broad and nar
row gauge boats made their trips as best they
could. Some of the broad gauge, boats went
into narrow gauge slips and vice versa, but
no accidents were reported.
Heavy Fog on Bay.
After a year's 6ojoum at the Union Iron
Works, the army transport Sherman was
docked yesterday at the transport wharf. She
has been overhauled throughout, and when
the painters get through with ner will be the
best equipped and most commodious of all the
troopers. A large force of painters and other
mechanics is ctill at work on her. She will be
put Into commission as rapidly as possible and
is scheduled to sail April 10.
Sherman Comes to Dock.
commander. Captain Johnson, and his mote,
also Johnson, hocked on to the Postal Tele
graph Company's cable on Thursday night and
was still attached yesterday morning when
Superintendent Storer started out on his tour
of Inspection. The Express had discharged a
load of gravel. The discharging finished, the
two Johnsons invested in a demijohn of whis
ky and sailed down the bay until they reached
the cable. There they dropped anchor, got a
firm grip of the Pottal Company's big rope and
retired to the cabin to drink up the whisky.
When Storer went alongside yesterday morn
ing his hails were unanswered. He boarded
the schooner, went below and discovered the
Johnsons fast asleep in their respective bunks.
The demijohn was almost empty and on the
cabin table stood two big tumblers, about
half filled with the liquor. Storer aroused the
captain, who rblled on deck and in response to
Storer' e request began to haul up the anchor.
The skipper's wind was poor, however. Two
turns on the windlass exhausted his energy.
"I tank ay go below and wake that drunken
Tonson. Ay mak ham halp me."
Captain Johnson went below. Storer waited
half an hour and then went below himself to
Investigate. Both tumblers on the cabin table
were empty. Both Johnsons -K-cre in one
bunk, snoring in discordant duet.
Storer went ashore, secured a tug and re
moved the Express with its snoring Johnsons
to another anchorage.
The scow Bchooncr Express manned by her
Demijohn in Charge.
The passengers were T. Bannai, Captain
Braussiloff, A. J. Buckley. C. R. Burton,
Mrs. C. R. Burton. H. C. Cooper, \V.
Cope. Mrs. \V. Cope. W. Eberhardt, C.
Fukui, Mrs. L. E>. Hargls. A. C. Hilliar.
Dr. G. Crusen. K. Kawakami. Dr. M.
Kiar. Mrs. Won Lung and child, J. W.
Peters, Miss Peters, Miss Robson, F. A.
Seymour, J. T. Smith, F. G. Thomas,
Hans Waudall and Mrs. K. Ito.
The Hongkong brought about $100,000 '.n
treasure and 500 bales of silk, valued at
$400,000.
The Hongkong brought two passengers
that paid no fare. One was a stowaway;
the other a Japanese girl baby born the
day before the Hongkong reached Hono
lulu. The mother was ai steerage passen
ger and she and her daughter are doing
splendidly. The body of" John J. Jergan,
an American engineer and an old-time
resident of Yokohama, was brought home
on the Hongkong for burial at Mountain
View.
gers, about 200 in the steerage
and a light cargo. The Hongkong's last
night at sea was spent in a fog bank be
tween the Farallones and the Golden
Gate. The little steamer Eureka from
Kahulul was in the same fog bank. The
Eureka has a whistle suited for a tig
battleship and all night long the big liner
dodged about under a clow bell, fearful of
being run into and crushed by the craft
with the deep-throated whistle. When
the fog cleared yesterday morning and
Captain Filmer saw what he had been
dodging he tied down the Hongkong's
whistle cord and under the shelter of the
liner's defiant blast told Pilot Boyd what
he thought of little boats that carded big
whistles.
THE Toyo Kisea Kalsha's steam
ship Hongkong Maru arrived yes
terday from the Orient. She
brought twenty-four cabin passen-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at I Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. , •
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf)," about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
California Optical Co. will'formally open
their new store at 203Kearny st. Siiturdav
evening, April 5. You are cordially invited.*
Given Llmit'f or Grand larceny.
,; John Keenan, an ex-convlct,' who plead
ed euiltyin' Judge Cook's court Tuesday
to , a charge of grand larceny and had
seven prior conviction against him with
drawn,.was'sentenced yesterday to serve
ton fears in San ; Quentin. . He stole two
hydraulic-- jacks,', valued at $250, from the
E.- ..!$.• and A. L... Stone Company, t South
San- Francisco. . ,- -
SATURDAY. APRIL 5. ¦ . •
Sun rises. '5-40
Sun sets .. .7.0:36
Moon rises;....... .....' 3 :4 5 a . m.
l^OTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tha early morning tidei are given In the left
hand column and . the successive . tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: tht»
fourth time column rives the. last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes ¦ occurs. The heights clven are In
addition to the sounding's cf the United , States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes th« height,- and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. •,: .The plane of reference is the mean
of the low<»r low w»tor«. - .
Rose Fecclni, 16 years old and living at
409 • Vallejo street, who .told the police
Thursday. that she had been. taken to the
Presidio "J by two colored - soldiers and
assaulted, admitted ; yesterday that her
story was false. She said she did not go
to her music lesson and made up the tale
to account for her absence. ' She made
statements against a relative, who' in
dignantly, denied the accusation. Captain
Seymour sent her to-her.aunt in/the MTs
eion. -:. '__;. -, , -
Her Story Was False.
F. A. Dodge was held to answer before
the Superior : Court by Judge Mogan yes
terday on a charge, of. assault with a
deadly weapon in $500 bonds.- During a
meeting of directors of the Perry . Com
bination, Nail and Hammer Company, at
16 Geary street, on. March 12, Joseph R
Young, the secretary, and Dodge' had a
dispute and it was alleged Dodge flred-a
shot at Young, which went . through the
ceiling. ¦ ' >.- ..-. •• .•¦-..- . ..:
Dodge Eeld to Answer.
The Judge -dismissed the case, holding
that the law gave a father a perfect right
to chastise a child within reasonable lim
its, and he believed the defendant had
acted within these limits.
There was a sensational episode In
Judge Catani?s" court yesterday when the
case of Herman Everding, shoemaker,' 746
Howard street, charged with battery by
his 13-year-old son John, was being tried.
The boy testified that. his, father used to
whip him with a shoemaker's strap, and
admitted that he had stolen money from
his mother, which caused his < father to
whip him. Mrs. Alice, Smith of Oakland,
who had advised the boy to swear 1 out
the warrant, then took the stand.-
Mrs. Smith showed such a hatred to
ward the defendant and made such'dam
aging: charges on hearsay that the de
fendant asked to have a hearing. He said
the woman had used every effort to break
up his home, and two years ago had sug
gested to his wife that she should place
her seVen children In a public institution
and go and live with her. The Judge
asked Mrs. Everding, who. was in court,
if the statement was true, and she admit
ted that it .was. The Judge ordered Mrs.
Smith to leave the witness stand, saying
"If that is your motive for testifying here
you can go and alt down." "
Herman Everding^for
¦ Battery.
ADVISES WIFE TO. LEAVE
HXTSBAiND AND CHILDREN
Sensational Episode at the Trial of
Deputy County Clerk John Flood and
McEnerney then intervened and prevented
the belligerents from continuing the bat
tle, Mcjjinerney in the meantime giving
voice to his little homily on the proper
way for lawyers to behave in public. .
Mahoney and Heggerty came to blows
over an exchange of opinions very forci
bly, if Inelegantly, expressed. It seems
that Mahoney brought suit for a fee of
$100 for legal services against a client of
Heggerty. The last named went out to
the nail yesterday to tile an answer to
the suit and met Mahoney, who upbraided
him for not giving him a chance to set
tle the matter out of court. Mahoney ap
plied a very inelegant term to Heggerty,
who answered with one equally as choice
end followed it with I a heavy right over
Mahoney's heart. Mahoney was quick
with .his return, but did no damage, as
Heggerty sidestepped with neatness and
escaped punishment.
"H'm," said Heggerty- in response,. and
Mahoney replied with "Huh.'^ Then they
clasped hands, grinned the' grins; of
schoolboys caught stealing apples and
separated. • . ..
This was what Attorney Garret Mc-
Enerney eald after, witnessing an ex
change of blows between. Charles Heg
gerty of the law firm of Knight & Heg
erty and Attorney W. H. Mahoney In the
office, of the County Clerk yesterday.
"Gentlemen, I am very much surprised
and#grieved to think that two such fa
mous barristers should act In such a man
ner. What is the bar coming s to when
legal -.luminaries' of the standing enjoyed
by both of you stoop-ip the. tactics of
the prize ring? Corne^ . now, \ gentlemen,
be good and apologize to each other."
Branch Hydrozraphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Kvhange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 4. 1002. — v •
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. o.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at ft
p. m., Greenwich mean time. i
W. H. STANDLET, '
' Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Charles Heggerty and
W. H. Mahoney Ex
change Blows.
Friday. April 4.
Etmr North Fork. Fosen, Eureka. ¦
Stmr Kaaiak. Hanson. Karluk.
M5tmr Eureka, Jeesen, Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Uipey, Swanson, Santa Cruz.
* Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Eureka.
Sttnr San Mateo. Fletcher, Nanalmo.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Ladysmith.
G«r ship Marie Hackfeld, Wuhrmann,
Queenstown. ; v
Schr Arago. Mclntcsh, codfishing.
Brig Harriet G, Pedersen, codflshlng.
SPOKEN.
March 12, Iat 6 N. Ion 2» W— Fr bark Due
d'Aumale, hence Nov 20, for Queenstown.
Per stmr Hunsrkong- Maru — April 1. Iat 31 11
N. Ion 110 15 W. stmr City of Peking, hence
March 29, for Hongkong.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 4, 10 p m— Weather
clouiy; wind KW, velocity 6 miles j>er hour.
MISCELLANEOUS. I
LONDON, April 4— Ger ehlp, aupposed to be
Ger ship Rigel, from Hamburg for San FrsA«
Cisco, passed ud Donegal Bay, Ireland, w.Jit
loss of foremast and other maets damaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 4— Stmr Se
quoia, for San Pedru.
Arriied Anril 4 — Stmr . Coronado, hence
April 2.
SIUSLAW RIVER— In port April 4, loaded
and ready for sea — Schrs Lizzie Prien, Sacra
mento, Wing and Wing, Mary Etta, Bender
Bros, Bella, for San Francisco.
Sailed Asril 2 — Schr S Danielson. for San
Francftco.
PORT LUDLOW—^Arrived April 4 — Schr
Prosper, hence March 10.
SAN PEDKO-;-SaiIed April 4— Schr Eric, for
•Tacoma: schr Vega, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY — Passad out April 4 — Etmr'
Pleiades, for San Francisco; bktn John Palmer,
for Ea.n London.
EUREKA — Arrived April 4 — Stmr Barbara
Hermter. hence April J; stmr Argo. hence
April '2. ' \
Sailed ADril 4 — Stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro; Etmr Pomona, for San Francisco
ASTORIA— Sailed April 4— Br bark Lota, for
Que-nstcwn; Br ship Rockhurst, for Queens
town; stmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
FOKT BRAGG— Sailed April 4— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
I-ORT ANGELES— Sailed April 4— Ship
Florence, hence March lft, for Comox.
VENTURA — Arrived April 3 — Barge Santa
Paula, hence April 1, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived April 4— Bktn Gardiner
City, from San Pedro; Ger ship Alice, from
Santa Rosalia.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 4— Stmr City of
Puebla. for San Francisco.
Arrived April 4 — Stmr Czarina, hence March
31; bark Guy C Gcss, hence March 20; Btmr
Queen, hence April 1.
Sailed April 3 — Stmr Pleiades, for San FAn
cisco.
In straits— Br shin Senator, from Greenock,
for Seattle.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived April 4— Bark
Gatherer, hence March 22; Br ship Fineal
from Table Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 4— Schr
Balnbiidsre, from Callao.
Passed in Ar>ril . 4 — Stmr Tacoma, from
Hongkcng-, for Tacoma; bktn Gardiner City
from fcan Pedro. \
Arrived April 4— Schr Glendale. hense
March- 23.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed April 4— Stmr
Wyefield, for Comox.
BANDON— Arrived April 4— Schr Mayflower,
hence Marc* 24. :
PORTLAND— Sailed April 4— Bark Marion
Lizhtbody. for Queenstown.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Asrtl 4 — Schr Rob
ert Lewers, for Honolulu.
Arri\e<5 Ai>ril 4— Schr William Olsen, henc«
March 10. - . •
ISLAND PORTS. / ' .
HONOLULU— Arrived March 26— Stmr' Ven
tura, hence March 20; U S stmr Meade, hence
March 19; JaD etmr America Maru, hence
March 21; stmr Tam:>ico. from Roche Har
bor. March 28 — Jan stmr Hongkong- Maru,
from China; Btmr Oregonian. . hence March 19
bark E C Allen, hence March 1G. '
Sailed March 25— Bktn W H Dimond, for
San Francisco; schr King Cyrus, for Port
Towntend. March 27— Bktn Irmgard, for San
Francisco; stmr Ventura, for Australia; Jap
stmr America Maru, for Hongkong.
FOREIGN PORTS.
« V^^ CO H V f R "^ Arrlved Al>r » *— Ital ship
Macdlarmid, for Tacoma. ¦ •
.,F° RT SAID— Arrived April 4— Spanish stmr
Alicante, from Liverpool, for Manila.
SINGAPORE— Sailed Asril 3— Br stmr Hy
6on, for Seattle. , •
t^SS&t^S. ADr " Braemar.
HONGKONG— Sailed Aaril 2— Br stmr Em- I
press of China, for Vancouver.
MANILA— Sailed April 1— Br stmr Indram-
SALAVERRY— Sailed. March 31— Ger bark
GermanJa,' for .. .
ANTWERP— Arrived April 2— Fr bark Mac-
Mahcn. hence Oct 14.
CORONEL— Arrived March 30— Br etmr
Lady Jolcey. from New York.
KALMOUTH — Arrived April 3—Br ship Met
ropolis, from Tacoma, and sailed for Hull
HAMBURG— Sailed March 30— Ger stmr Nu
mantea. for San Francisco.
Arrived Aaril 3— Ger ship Rlckmer Rick
mers, from Oreron.
MADEUtA— Arrived April 3—Br stmr Den
bighshire, from Tacoma.
LIZARD— Parsed April 4— Br ship Toxteth
henc; Nov 0. for London.
16 hours 27 minutes from Hongkong, via Yo
kohama 10 days 16 hours 27 minutes, via
Honolulu 5 days 23 hours 5 minutes.
CLEARED.
Friday, April 4..
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Xanalmo; Pacific
Improvement Co.
Stmr Spokane, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Benlarip, Mencke, Queens town; Ep
pirg-er & Co.
Ft bark Bayard, Mencke, Queenstown; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
Schr Zampa, Pedersen, Klawack; North Pa
cific T & P Co.
SAILED.
The Mission Floradoras, a society com
posed of young men and women of the
Mission, will render ¦ "Confetti Battle," a
Parisian novelty, to-night at Mission Par
lor Hall, Seventeenth and. Valencia
streets. The affair promises to be a big
success and those interested in the pro
duction have spared no painsyto bring ths
scenery and costumes up to the standard.
Enteprtainment by Floradoras.
LAWYERS ENGAGE
IN FISTICUFFS
Passed April 3 — Br ship Metropolis, from
Tacoma, for Hull. ,
MAZATXAN — Sailed April 2 — Br Btmr Co
lombia, for San Francisco.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SPEEDY BRITISH BARK WHICH HAS ADDED TO HER LAURELS AS A
RECORD BREAKER BY MAKING A REMARKABLY QUICK PASSAGE
FROM THIS PORT TO FALMOUTH, ARRIVING THERE YESTERDAY.
The committee has established permanet
quarters on the tenth floor of the Claua
Spreckels building, and m%ny ass'stants
are now at work on fhe details of the re
ception and care of the thousands of
strangers who are expected to visit the
encampment. It is. expected to be the
greatest in the history of the organiza
tion, and no effort ? will be spared to
maintain the splendid reputation for hos
pitality which San Francisco already en
joys at the East.
The - matter was discussed at some
length, thS result being that the wishes
of the people of San Francisco who will
be asked to contribute to the entertain
ment fund will be respected. \
At the suggestion of the chair R. P.
Hurlbut was appointed chairman of a
committee to take exclusive charge of the
housing-of the 15,000 Knights who are to
come^here. | He was also given charge of
the district bounded by Market and Mc-
Allister streets, from their Intersection at
Jones street to the Pacific Ocean, with a
view of raising money sufficient to defray
the extra expense which will be incurred
if the encampment is to be held in the
Pavilion and the offer of the Government
declined. \
:The announcement was made that the
people of the Mission offered the com
mittee $1000 in cash and a lot free for
the use of ¦-. the Knights provided the
encampment was held in the Mission. The
Government has. offered the use of the
Presidio, ! together with a sufficient num
ber of wall tents, and considerable pres
sure is being brought to bear upon the
committee to have the encampment lo
cated-there.-.
The executive committee having in
charge the arrangements for the national
encampment of the Uniform Rank,
Knights of Pythias, which is to be held
in this city on August\ll, is making rapid
progress. At a meeting held yesterday in
the office of Charles L.. Patton, j chairman
of the committee, numerous favorable re-
x ports from subsidiary committees and
others interested in the work were re
ceived. .
Those present were Charles- L. Patton,
Charles Bundschu, Jacob Samuels, A. E.
Buckingham, H. «L. Judeil and W. C.
Graves. Chairman Patton stated that nu
merous inquiries were being received
-from all quarters relative to the forth
coming encampment and that the general
interest in the affair was widespread. In
his judgment fully 50,00u visitors from the
East would' attend the encampment, not
tp speak of 25,000 more from various parts
of the Pacific Coast.
Committee Working Hard to
Render Meeting a
Success!
They Offer $1000 to Get
Encampmeno of the
Pythians.
MISSION FOLK
WANT KNIGHTS
THE SAN FRA^CISCP CAX.L, SATURDAY, APRIi; 5, -19021'
Spends Her Last Night at Sea in Company With the Eureka
in a Heavy. Fog-— Brings Nearly Half a Million Dollars
Worth, of Raw Silk and $100,000 in Treasure
PACIFIC, LINER HONGKONG MARU FROM THE ORIENT
BRINGS ONLY A FEW FIRST-CLASS PASSENGERS
10
Steamer.
For.
I Baits.
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports.|Apr. 6
Farallon Skagway & Way Poruj.iAur. b
City Seattle., fckagway &.Way Porta.|Apr 6
Al-Ki: Fkasway & Way Ports.lApr' - s
Dolphin...... Skagrway &.Way Ports. Apr 0
D'rigo Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Bertba CooKs Inlet & WayPU. Apr 16
Eanta Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 15
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Steamer. I
JJesttnatlon.
Sails.
Pier.
April 5. j I
Pt. Arena.. Toint Arena I 2 pmlPier. 2
Eureka.... Honolulu v. Seattle.) 5 pm|Pler 27
Hyades.j.. Honolulu & Kahululj 3-pm|Pier 20
«< April «. I *¦
Spokane... San Dl»s:o fc Way.. I ft amIPier H
Ujnatllla... Puget Sound Ports.|ll am|Pier 8
April 7. t »
Mandalay.. Coqullle River 1 5 pm|Pler 2
Pomona.... Humboldt - - |l:3o p,t"lci- »»
Curacao... Mexican Ports . ...110 aimrier 11
April 8. .1
Phoenix Mendoclno City ....( 3pm|Pier 13
Empire.... Coos Bay \12 in:Hi<-r j.:
Argo. | 4 pmlPier' 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd|lz m|^i«r lo
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way r>tsi u auiii-.tr U
O. Kldrr... Astoria & Portlandjll am|Pier 24
Gaelic China & Japan I 1 pm|PMS3
City Sydnej Panama & Way Pts)12 - m PMS3
April y. I I
HermonthlB Hamburg & Way.. 1 12 ni|S. W. 2
Eureka.... Humboldt i> amIPier 13
Cbebahs... Grays Harbpr/.-. ..Pier
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pmJPier 2
Rival WlUapa Haruor 1 6 pu/jt'ier z
State Cal.. San Diego &. Way.. I 9 ami Pier 11
April 1O. | -t\ -•¦¦¦¦
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts|10 amjpier 10
Colombia.. Valparaiisu tic \Vay. vi niit-irr ju
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am|Pier- 7
Santa Ana. Seattle. & Tncoma.. 10 amIPier 2
April 11. I
Sequoia Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget' Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
April 12. j
Coos Bay. . San 1-edro & Way. i 0 am Pier 11
April 13. | |
North Fork. Humboldi 9 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 amtp««r 24
Corcuado. . Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pler 2
April 14.
Ncxburg. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
April 15. ,
H. K. Maru China & Japan 1 pm|PMSS
Czarina 'Seattle & Tacoma .'.| 5 pm|Pler 8
Eteamer.
From.
Due.
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 5
Hermunthis.. Seattle Apr. 5
Aztec Tacoma Apr. 8
Pomona Humboldt ..-? Apr. ~ 6
O. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 5
Bonlta.. Newport & "Way Ports.. Apr. • B
Tltanla Nanalmo Apr. 5
Mackinaw... Tacoma Apr. 6
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. e
Stateof Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. ti
Chehalis Grays Harbor Apr. «
Santa Monica Humboldt ¦ Apr. 6
Argo Ferndale & Eel River.. Apr. 6
Phoenix Mendoclno City .... Apr. 6
Pleiades Seattle Apr. 7
Edith Seattle \ Apr. 7
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 7
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orforji. Apr. 7
Eureka Humboldt /.. Apr. 7
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Apr. 7
City Puebla.. Pugtet Sound Ports lApr. 7
Rival Willapa Harbor lApr. 7
Alliance . Portland & Way Ports. Apr. S
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Sequoia Grays Harbor Apr. H
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 0
Point Aiena. . Point Arena Apr. 10
North Fork. . Humboldt Apr. 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria (Apr. 10
Bpokane San Di«?go & Way Ports Apr. 10
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Apr. 11
Corcnado Grays Harbor Apr. 11
Kalr.ier Seattle & Whatcom Apr. 12
Newburp Grays Harbor Apr. 12
Queen Puget Sound Ports Apr. 12
BnntaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 13
Alam.eda Honolulu I Apr. 15
China China & Japan I Apr. 15
3 Time Time Time Time
3. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft. I
» h W HW Li W HW
5 2:D5 2.0 9:10 4.7 3-14 ~L2 ~0tf2 T^l
6 3:30 .1.5 10:02 4.9 8:54 1.3 10:24 83
7 4:21 0.11 10:64 6.0 4;M 1.5 10:BB B 4
8 6:05 .0.5 11:46 5.1 5:14 1.7 11:20 '55
9 5:43 0.112:40 4.9 5:65 2 1
|H W L W H W ' L7\V ¦-""
0 I 0:0.1 5.5 6:38—0.1 1:361 :4.S 6:40 24
¦1,| 0:46| 5.4| 7:31|— O.2| 2:37| 4.6| 7:28 j^g
Steamer.
For.
I Baits.
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports.|Apr. 6
Farallon Skagway & Way Poruj.iAur. b
City Seattle., fckagway &.Way Porta.|Apr 6
Al-Ki: Fkasway & Way Ports.lApr' - s
Dolphin...... Skagrway &.Way Ports. Apr 0
D'rigo Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Bertba CooKs Inlet & WayPU. Apr 16
Eanta Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 15
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
3 Time Time Time Time
3. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft. I
» h W HW Li W HW
5 2:D5 2.0 9:10 4.7 3-14 ~L2 ~0tf2 T^l
6 3:30 .1.5 10:02 4.9 8:54 1.3 10:24 83
7 4:21 0.11 10:64 6.0 4;M 1.5 10:BB B 4
8 6:05 .0.5 11:46 5.1 5:14 1.7 11:20 '55
9 5:43 0.112:40 4.9 5:65 2 1
|H W L W H W ' L7\V ¦-""
0 I 0:0.1 5.5 6:38—0.1 1:361 :4.S 6:40 24
¦1,| 0:46| 5.4| 7:31|— O.2| 2:37| 4.6| 7:28 j^g
Steamer. I
JJesttnatlon.
Sails.
Pier.
April 5. j I
Pt. Arena.. Toint Arena I 2 pmlPier. 2
Eureka.... Honolulu v. Seattle.) 5 pm|Pler 27
Hyades.j.. Honolulu & Kahululj 3-pm|Pier 20
«< April «. I *¦
Spokane... San Dl»s:o fc Way.. I ft amIPier H
Ujnatllla... Puget Sound Ports.|ll am|Pier 8
April 7. t »
Mandalay.. Coqullle River 1 5 pm|Pler 2
Pomona.... Humboldt - - |l:3o p,t"lci- »»
Curacao... Mexican Ports . ...110 aimrier 11
April 8. .1
Phoenix Mendoclno City ....( 3pm|Pier 13
Empire.... Coos Bay \12 in:Hi<-r j.:
Argo. | 4 pmlPier' 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd|lz m|^i«r lo
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way r>tsi u auiii-.tr U
O. Kldrr... Astoria & Portlandjll am|Pier 24
Gaelic China & Japan I 1 pm|PMS3
City Sydnej Panama & Way Pts)12 - m PMS3
April y. I I
HermonthlB Hamburg & Way.. 1 12 ni|S. W. 2
Eureka.... Humboldt i> amIPier 13
Cbebahs... Grays Harbpr/.-. ..Pier
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pmJPier 2
Rival WlUapa Haruor 1 6 pu/jt'ier z
State Cal.. San Diego &. Way.. I 9 ami Pier 11
April 1O. | -t\ -•¦¦¦¦
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts|10 amjpier 10
Colombia.. Valparaiisu tic \Vay. vi niit-irr ju
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am|Pier- 7
Santa Ana. Seattle. & Tncoma.. 10 amIPier 2
April 11. I
Sequoia Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget' Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
April 12. j
Coos Bay. . San 1-edro & Way. i 0 am Pier 11
April 13. | |
North Fork. Humboldi 9 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 amtp««r 24
Corcuado. . Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pler 2
April 14.
Ncxburg. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
April 15. ,
H. K. Maru China & Japan 1 pm|PMSS
Czarina 'Seattle & Tacoma .'.| 5 pm|Pler 8
Eteamer.
From.
Due.
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 5
Hermunthis.. Seattle Apr. 5
Aztec Tacoma Apr. 8
Pomona Humboldt ..-? Apr. ~ 6
O. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 5
Bonlta.. Newport & "Way Ports.. Apr. • B
Tltanla Nanalmo Apr. 5
Mackinaw... Tacoma Apr. 6
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. e
Stateof Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. ti
Chehalis Grays Harbor Apr. «
Santa Monica Humboldt ¦ Apr. 6
Argo Ferndale & Eel River.. Apr. 6
Phoenix Mendoclno City .... Apr. 6
Pleiades Seattle Apr. 7
Edith Seattle \ Apr. 7
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 7
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orforji. Apr. 7
Eureka Humboldt /.. Apr. 7
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Apr. 7
City Puebla.. Pugtet Sound Ports lApr. 7
Rival Willapa Harbor lApr. 7
Alliance . Portland & Way Ports. Apr. S
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Sequoia Grays Harbor Apr. H
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 0
Point Aiena. . Point Arena Apr. 10
North Fork. . Humboldt Apr. 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria (Apr. 10
Bpokane San Di«?go & Way Ports Apr. 10
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Apr. 11
Corcnado Grays Harbor Apr. 11
Kalr.ier Seattle & Whatcom Apr. 12
Newburp Grays Harbor Apr. 12
Queen Puget Sound Ports Apr. 12
BnntaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 13
Alam.eda Honolulu I Apr. 15
China China & Japan I Apr. 15
A^VEETISEMENTS.
The more purely negative soap is,
the nearer does it approach perfection.
Unless you have used Pears' soap
you probably do not know what we
mean by a soap with no free fat or al-
kali in it — nothing but soap.
Established over 100 years.
FOR OVER SIXTY v YEARS
AN CLO AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING SYRUP
bas been used for over SIXTY YEAJtS »>•
MILLION'S of MOTHERS for their CHILDRRv
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT BUC
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD SOFTEVS
the GCMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIXD
COLIC, and is the beet remedy for DIAtt-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists in every part
th* world. Be *ur* and ask for
MRS. "WTNSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND. ',v>i»
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle- i ~^-/
Remington
•-' . *-* end up.
Ivnpwrifprs "° ood wcrk and
' J F^ W * iitK/l * prompt service
*-v n r* r- »t t a t «^«*ranteed by
ON RENTAL S32SK&
f^^^^™"™" 1 "™^^™*^^^" 1 ™"^ 1^ uraj interest in I
the reputation of our machine.
WYCKOFF,SEAfflANSSBENEDICT
j 2fl Montgomery St., S. F.
Tel. Main 87. *
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
ILiHSSEHlS
SAN FRANGiSCO AHJ N03T.I PAOlFiS
RAILWAY COMPANY..
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Raraal. ""£-<" " >.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:Ml
t:00. C:20 p. m. *
izan Kaiael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50; 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extr»
trips at 1:35 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10.-0:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40L
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect j Arrlvo
San Francisco. [Apr. 2S. 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week j Sun- J I Sun- | Week^
Days. I days. [ Destination! days. [ Days.
7:30aml 8:00am Novato. 10:40am| 8:40am
2:30pmj B:30atn Petaluma. 6:05pmU0:2Saia
5:10pm; 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:S3pm| 8:20pm
Fulton,
7:3Cam Windsor, 10:2Saa
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:4Cam
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 8:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am ~' 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:S0pm 5:00pm 8:20pnt
7:30am S:0Cam Sonoma 0:13am 8:40aa»
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm .8:20pm
7:30am) 8:00amj |10:40am|10:25aia
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. f 7:3Spm| 6:20pm
Stage* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservilla for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdal«
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, KeUeyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. LJerley's Bncknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. HullvHle, Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport, UsaL
Wllllts, Laytonvllla, Cummins. Bell'a Sprtagi!
Harris. Olsen' s. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
¦ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polmta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ¦ office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAX.
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa F©
Trains-Daiiy.
Iieava Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lr. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"s Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
*' - Hanford.'. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalla... 3:39 p 5:00a
;.•• Bakersfld. 8:15p 5:20 p 7:45a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
** Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for altemoon.
'• »:0O a. m- train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping , Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleid for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. daily.
- 8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, wtta
tbrough Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Tree Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. »
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaqutn Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
OMces^ — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland; : '
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Dam iana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA--
¦ tor and Nervine.
_Theao»t wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both seies.
r, J- « I x ', c , an R«n*dy for Diseases ot the Kid-
Weep? Can S1.00 bbt Year
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Sociar Charm
In the pride of hospitality the
host says r-Lsought the best
and now always buy ,
Hunter •
Baltimore Rye
! '¦ "' f^ " T> " -¦¦-.v-'V-" I'
InStMAitK F° r its uniform
touimt and refined
BwaJIhSUI^IMS health, a comfort
j^Mfw^jfen^a^a gladsome cheer
3F"tf?9^S>)S»i ®^ good fello'.v-
£5?ISTT&WI8ECOMML«!Sl6!TCO.'Ino^ i
223& 2&» California 8t., San FranclsccbuiE
Telephone Main 873. , .
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECULISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con.
eultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
73! Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO. CALL
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
NORTH PAciFllcMsMlLROAD.
Via Sausallta Fcrr/"
Commencing September 29, 1001
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
: AND SAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DATS — 6:55. 8:30. •9:80, 11:00 am
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15, fi:lS..*6:15. 6:45 p. m . "
EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill Valley arid San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.\" . . ,*
• SUNDAYS— *8:00, .9:00," *10:00, »ll:30 a in
•1:15, 3:15, *4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p.m. . '
Trains market (*) run to San Quentln *> ;
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:25; 6:27. 7:45. 8:35 10-15
a. m.. *12:25, 2:15, ?3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p m
. EXTRA" TRIPS on^- Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m,-
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •8:CO,.»10:00, •Xl:45a, m
•1:40, •3:15.4:45, *6:30 p.m.: , '
Trains marked ; (*) : start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55. 8:55 10-30
a. m., 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. nj. V ¦^'^
EXTRA .TRIPS on Mondays," -¦ Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.m. ¦
SUNDAYS— S:05. 10:05. a. m. t 12:05, 2-15"
3:30,' 5 :C0, : 6:45 p. >m. ."" ' ¦ • .-.¦¦-yi,. ¦ '
THROUGH TRAINS.
I 6:55 a. m. week . days— Cazadero and way
stations. .. ¦-'¦.; ,. .:¦, -.,-' .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills', and 'way
stations. ' ¦' ' : •¦.••"'¦• — . •**
-¦ 8:00 a.' m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦' • r " -- ..-,'¦'
• Fairfax, '. Sundays — 8:00, 9:00, • 10:00, ' 11-30
a. ' in f"''yMi>iyi|tii|fl|t^Mi^aifl|arf||^iiijMi
Legrar Holiday boats and trains will run 'on
Sunday time. jfc?jmiiB
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and ar« due to arrive at
.¦ - hAN 1'KAN'UIMCO.
(Mala Line, foot of Murltet Street) -
XJSatb — From Maiccii SO. iaO2. — arritb
7.00a Benleta, Sulsun, Elmlra ana Sacra- -.
•¦ ¦ cento /. '....... 6.551*
7.00a Vaciville, Winters. Rumaey ._• 7.5S*
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Santa KoBa 6.25P
8. 00a Darls. Woodland, Knights Landing,
Mary«Tllle. OroTlUe..... 7.55r
8 00a Atlantic Express— ORden and Kast. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton ' 7.25>
8.00a I.'iles, Mendota, Banford, Vlsaliu,
Portervllle 4.55*
8.30a Shasta Express— Davis, wmi»mi
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Ked Bluff, Portland 7.55p
8.30a San . Jose, Llrermore. Stockton,
< lone, Sacramento. Flacerrllle,
V^ Marysrille. Chico, Red Bluff 4.2Sf
8.30a Oakdale,Chlnese,Sonora,Taolamne 4.25*
8.00a Vallejo 12.25*
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced,
Fresno and Los Angeles ' 8.25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Buttons 7.66*
H0.00A Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations. 1 12.55*
10.00a The Overland Llmitcu — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. 5-25*
ti.OOr Sacramento River Steamers t11.00r
SOOr Bfnlcla. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Orovllle 10.55a
3-30* Hayward.Ulles and Way Stations.. 7.55?
400* Martinez, San Ramon, ValleJo.Napa,
CalUtoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a
4. GO* Nile*. Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12-25*
4.30P Hayward.Kllcs.SanJose.Llvermore t8.5EU
4.30i* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare,
Bakeritfleld. Saugns for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles..... 8.55a
BOOp PortCosta,Tracy.Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
6-OOp Martinez. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno .;.. 12-25p
t5.30p Niles Local 7.25a
6.00p Hayward. Nlles and Sun Jose 7.55a
16. 00p Vallejo.... .; 11.25a
6.00? Oriental Mail — Ogdcn, Denver,
Omaha, fc't. Louis, Chicago 4.25*
7.00p San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Wny Stations 11.25a
J7.00p Vallejo 7.55*
805p Oregon & California Express— Sac-
:/;V: ramento, Marysville. Redding, '•-
Portland. Piiget Sound and Kant. 8. 55 a
19.10p Hayward and Niles ..• t11.55A
COAST LI N E (i-arrow Ua^T.
¦ (Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark, Cvntervllle. Baa Jose,
Felton, Boulder . Creek, Santa
Cruz and W«y Stations 5.50p
t2-15P Newark, Centervllle. . San Jo»e.
New Almadcn, Felton, Boulder '
: •*£'>*>-; Creefc. Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.1 5p Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos 1 8. SO a
aS-SQv Hunters' Tr tin— San Jose and Way
Stations.. J7.20P
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— ff:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1X0 300 5.15r.i.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tfi:00 1300
t8:05 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 4.00P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Uauije). "~
(Third and Tuvrnsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and AV«y Stations 6.40a
7.00a San Jose and "Way Stations 18. 00a
7.00a New Almaden. ; _/4 10*
8.00a Coan Line Limited — San Jose,
1 Gllroy, Sttlinas, San Luis Obispo.
Santa Barbara, Los Anpeles and --' ¦
„„ Principal Intermediate Stations. 1045*
900a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz. -
Paclflc Grove. 1 Salinas. San Luis
Zi'-J . , Obispo and Principal Intermcdl-
:. ate Stations ; 4 10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations....; . 8 36a -
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations.... 9 48a
t2.45P San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, '^^
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, fcan Jose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Crm, Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Paclflc
., \ Grove .".....; -H04Sa
S.30p San Jose and Way Stations::..."." T30*
t4.15p San Jose and PrlncipalWayStatlons 6.30*
4.60P Sunset Llmitrd— Monday, April 7th. -
. 14th. 21st. for Los Angeles, El
Paso.Ne w Orleans and New York.
Lsst .. 5^*1° lcaTes Xcw Orleans
April 14th. . ' 1015a
tS-OOP San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal a *
Way Stations \ • t9 00a
B.30p San Jo»£>nd PrlncipalWay Stations 8.30*
6.30P San Joso and Way Stations.... £30*
7.00p New Orleana Express — San Luis
; Obispo, Santa Barbara,. Los An- -
geles. Demtn<r. El Paso, New
OTleans and East 11 *n»
¦11-45P San Jo»e and Way Stations."'".". 7V30?
~~±J°T*ioriiingr~. P f or Afternoon." —
t Sunday excepted. J Pnnday only
J? gatnrday only. yTnesdayg , n d Frldayi. ¦
WUOT TAM ALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry "Tirnve "
San Fran. Foot of Market St. SanFran.
dS. d£l '».¦«»* -.'«.W^ Sun- Week
l-U p' io : oo x' J * u> " "«"«** w - •» t=m i-oo r. 9.15 a.
al>r. Gibbon's Dispensaiy,
620 KEAISXY ST. Kstabllsbpd
In 1834 for the treatment of Ivfvnte
DiM'.-ises, Uwt Manhood. Debility or
ftUeaac wenrineon liodyaml mind land
Skin Uisfasea. The Doctor rur^s when
others fall. Try htm. liiargt-H low.
(iirr.pnuranlfdl. Cull or write.
!>*• J- **• UIBBO.\; San Francisco." Cal.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
III hear signature of s&~*^£*d
rVcry sacaU and as easy
to *»*"» as snjjaor.
SEE ! I^ABTrtfcl™ HEADACHt SEE
* tL CARTtKo for dizziness.
SPITTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. pr . ||nMr
GENUINE for torpid liver. GENUINE
1 PI! LLS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFP«-lIs FOR SALLOW SK1H. WRAPPER
WHAhrhr \^^m Ifor thecowplexsoh innrr^ n
. GjdTWXnCVXS MU»T MAVC jLfrCMATUBC.
25 xwti I gnresy Vegetal>l<v<aag~^^£*<£
"PRINTED OIT RED PAPER."
- the Rockies IBB "
if you go east via Denver and the Burlington
Route. Their snow-capped peaks are visible I
almost all the way from Salt Lake City to Den-
___- . ver. For 700 miles the grand panorama of the I
Rockies is unrolled before your eyes. \
¦ Through sleepers, San Francisco to Chicago daily.
' Through tourist sleepers, three times a week. Omaha,
Chicago, Kansas City. St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east.
W. D. SANBORN, Genera! Agent 631 Market Street, San Francisco, California. \On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change California Fruit Canners' was higher
at $103 and Alaska Packers' at $162. No other
changes. The market was quiet.
Bonds were brisk In 'the afternoon. The de
mand for these securities has been active of
late. Stocks were quiet, with higher prices
for Alaska Packers at $102 5O and California
Fruit Canners' at $103 50, with a sale of Bank
of California at $427 75.
The oil stocks sold fairly, with firmness ana
activity In Petroleum Center.
The El Dorado Oil assessment of 10c was
delinquent on the board yesterday.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 35 cents per shara
to-day.
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton. De Ruy ter A
Co. : - Common stock, - $24924 12^4 ; preferred,
$£i 5<XgC2.e2ft; 4 per cent bonds, $&> 25@00;
subscriptions. $101 C2ft@102.
ST0CK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April 4—2 9. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. •
l!ld.Ask. Bid-Ask.
4s qr coup.. til 112 4s qr c (new)130V«130a;
4a qr reg....lll 111% 4s qr coup. . .10014110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 81>4 — Oc S3 Co 5s.l009,101
Bay CPC 5».107'^10S Ombus C 6s. — — -
Cai-st 5s 117 110 Pac O Im 4s. 96% —
C Costa Jo*. 110% — Pk& C H (is. 107 —
Ed L&P' «s. — — . jpk& O P. «s.tl7 120,
Fer&C H Cs. — — Pwl-Jt K Ca.117 —
Geary-st -5s. — — Sac EGR Ss.lOOVl
H C&3'5X-is. — V SP & SJV5s.l21Vil22
Do 5s. 97 — Sierra Cah3s.Hl& —
L Ang R'5a.H8ftlUHi 3P.olA.ft.
LA IV Co 6s.— — (1S109) 113% —
Do Etd tisj. — — . (1010> 114% —
•Do gtd 5s. — 103 ',£ (15K)5)Sr A.105%10T
Continued on Page Thirteen.
NEW YORK, April 4.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: . . • -1 ¦
The great underlying features of trade and
industry remain ' as favorable as heretofore.
Bradstreet's quarterly returns of; failures,
bank clearings and prices all point to a heavy
business having been done In the first three
months of the year at fair profits, while most
Indications as to crop prospects favor a - good
summer and fall business. Cooler weather and
the < naturaL - reaction from the bef ore-Easter
rctivity have quieted retail trad« East and
West, while heavy rains and floods have in
terfered with demand and movement in the
South. Jobbing distribution Is naturally less
o< tlve than earlier in the season, but is still
of liberal volume. Practically - unanimously
good reports come from the winter wheat crop,
which has improved instead of deteriorated
from its autumn- promise. Especially goo-lre
ports' come from the Central West and the
Southwest. Special promise of activity is held
cut this year in. the building trades, which
ere active buyers for. white 'and yellow p'ne.
hardwoods and " hardware. A; country- wide
activity in' this, latter trade is reported, the
only difficulty being ¦ the obtaining of supplies
fast enough... . . ,". .
Prices changes for the week are unimportant. 1
Hogr products, though helped by the light-re
ceipts of hogs on some daya, . are rather easier
lard being lower on the week.
. Bradstreet's compilation of beef * and hog
prices points to -the highest prices reached at
this 'season of .the 'year for more than' ten
years past. Hog products have advanced more
than beef, probably because of wider specula
tive interest. . ' . ' ,. ,-
Wheat. Including flour. 'exports for the week
aggregated 4,446,918 bushels, against 2,604,110
bu&bels last week and; 4,668,603 In -this: week
l&Et year. ' - • ' '¦- , ;.>",
Wheat exports, July. 1, 1901, to date (forty
weeVs) aggregate 108,848,058 bushels, •• ajjalnst
154,622,117 bushels last season.
;».No signs of weakuess are to be found in Iron
and steel. ¦ . .... ...•./-. ¦• . ..- ¦
Business '¦ failures for the United : States for
¦ . • \ ' . - ....'. '.-v
THE STOCK MARKET.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Receipts of Coal at San Francisco.
The receipts of Coal at this port by sea
during the month of March were 122.S1S tone,
the eources being as follows: From Puget
Sound. C6.IM4 tons; British Columbia 42 004"
Australia. 5004; Oregon, 4S8S; Great Britain,
Lumber and Salmon Trade.
LUMBER — The receipts of Lumber by sea
ct this port during march v were as follows:
From California. 20.222,000 feet, and from
Oregon end Washington 42,430,000 feet, mak
ing a total of 62,002,000 feet. The experts dur
ing the month -were 1.4S4.1C3 feet, of which
were shipped as dunnage uu the gram
fleet.
SALMON — The receipts of Salmon in March
were 7t<»2 cases and 54 barrels, of which 5
cases and 40 bbls were received from Califor
nian ports tnd the balance from Washington
and Oregon. The exports were 21,577 casei,
20 barrels and 22 half-barrels.
Weather Report.
<120th^ Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 4—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last 6eason. and rainfall in the last "twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 45. 2S 43.40
Red Bluff O.CO 28.7.5 22.24
Sactamtnto 0.«0 15.56 17.50
Sen Francisco 0.01 17.15 18.34
Fresno 0.00 (J.22 10.30
Independence 0.00 4.13 5. SI
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 19. S2 27.82
Los Angeles 0.00 10.37 , 14. IS
an Dirgo 0.00 5.S5 10.C5
San Krar.cisco data : Maximum temperature,
<'U; minlm'im. r»2: moan, M).
The following maximum an3 minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 54-34 Kansas City 74-58
Cincinnati 4S-3S^Omaha 52 -3S
Phijade'.phia 4(,-o'S 'Chicago 38-32
Was himrton &2-S2 Duluth G8-:;o
Jacksonville 74-5S,St. Lcuis 42-40
New York 44-3G iSalt Lake City 60-42
Temperature at 1 a. m., 52 degree*.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast and has
fallen slightly over Southern California. Show
ers are reported in Oregon and Washington,
but although the ekiea have been cloudy little
or no rain has fallen in California. Light fcg
prevails along the coast in the vicinity of
Point Reyes.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April 5: * ..
Northern California — Fair Saturday, with fog
along the coast In the morning; light northerly
winds.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday, continued warm
weather: fresh ¦westerly winds.
San Francisco and vleinity-r-Falr Saturday
Ttith light fog in the morning; light northerly
Trind changing to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Nrjv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, April 4.— To-<Jay'« stock mar
ket gave unmistakable evidence of a substan
tial recruiting of the speculative element. The
movement was a srood deal of a mystery, both
es to its motive and as to the identity of the
operators. Stock market gossip attributed it
to the same group of Western capitalists to
v.-hich many recent movements have been at
tributed and which ha« been supposed to be
concerned In the present large speculative op
erations in the grain markets. The day's op
erations were on a far larger scale than any
thing m the recent history of the stock mar
k»-t. The dealings In St- Paul and Unton Pa
cific were vividly reminiscent of the days of
the boom of last year. If the dealings in these
ftocke tre added to those in Louisville and
Nashville and in Southern Pacific it will b«
found that considerably more than cne-thlrd
ot the day's aggregate transactions .. are ac
counted for. It was not until late in the day,
in fact, that much Impression wa» made on
other portions of the list. Such stocks as New
York Central and Pennsylvania were then
brought forward with spasmodic ad\'ances. In
the final hour selling to take profits made
heavy inroads upon prices and reduced all of
the principal gains to fractional limits. Tfce
n:arket closed dull but steady. There was no
nctrs to account for the sudden demand for
stocks, although rumors were plenty pointing
to a fresh readjustment of control in ,the
transcontinental railroad systems. Rather the
movement seemed based upon an assumption
that the time of doubt and uncertainty over the
outcome of the year was practically past, with
tne largest requirements coon the money mar
ket Fupposed to be met. and with the crops
assured of a good condition after the winter
to start the season with. To account for any
such total of sales a« tho?. v recorded in the
principal active ftocks to-day allowance must
be made for the sale end resale many times of
identical holdings. The peneral reaction at the
end of the day also points to the tentative
character of the speculation. There was very
active realfrJng: amenp the. Epecialties recently
advanced, conspicuously Sufrar and Colorado
Fu'l. Neither was thrre lacking the wide
advance 1 in obscure specialties which have re
cently characterised the market. There wa*
n,j change in the situation of the money mar
k«. The firmness of rlrr'Ang exchange and
tne further decline in Paris rate of (sterling
TfMnt to pold exports next week. The local
money market was -lulet. however. -
There was an active demand for bonds, for
wtiich ihei-e was a «ood open market all day.
Total eaie?. «3,2S0.GC0.
United States bends were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. Klch. Low. Close.
Atchison 2»!.8OO 79- 7H«i 7S»i
Alct!*on Pfd 4.CC0 OS',4 " 97"i m l
Baltimore & Ohio. 25,200 10S 100^ lOfivi
Kaltc &- Ohio pfd. 93^
Canadian Pacific .. 2,900 113H 113^ .113V*
Canada Southern.. 200 88U SS" S7i»
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,800 4»V- 45% " 46»/i
Chicago & Alton.. 1.700 36H 3t> 3fi
Chicago & A pfd. . 200 76^i 76V- 76"
Chtcajo Ind & L.. 3,»00 «j6% C5% C5%
CTit-ugo I & L pfd. S(>9 7S 77 77%
Chicago & E 111.. 100 15S>4 158Vi 15S»/ 3
Chicago & G W 2,000 24H 24 21^
Chi & G W A pfd 100 87% S7"4 8.">i
Chi & G W B pfd. 400 40 45% 43
Chicago &. N W . 3,500 242 238 2?,0%
Chicago R I & P. 8,000 17Sii 177 177
Chicago Term & T. 200.. lS'i 18% IS
Chi T & T pfd "40!) 35»i 35 35>i
C C C & St Louts 1,600 l03Vi 103 1(K%
Colorado Southern. 17, 40C» 2» 27% 28V*
Ccl-i So 1st pfd..., 1,100 77% 72Vj 72Vt
Colo So 2d pfd.,/. 13.400 45'4 43>/i 45
Delaware & Hudson 2,000 173J5 172. 172
Del Lack & West.. 1,200 230 28(5 . 28fi'.-j
Denver & Rio G.. • 200 43 H 43 '43
Denver & R G pfd. 1.103 am »1% !H',i
*«« 14,200 37% 36% 37« 8
Krie 1st pfd 2,900 <;S% CS% *SSYi\
Kri.- 2d pfd 600 54Vj 5'J*i 54'i
Great Northern pfd 400 18514 1S5 1S5>^
Hocking Valley . . 4.300 8". 81 : 80%
Hocking Valley pfd 1,100 02:54 92 "91 '
Illinois Central 2.500 144S 142 113*4
Iuwa Central 2.S00 50% 50 : -49%
Iowa Central pfd. 1.1C0 86%- 85% 85%
Lake Erie & West. 600 69. 68% C8
Lzkt- E & W pfd 131
Lcuis & Nash 101.900 1VS% 107>4 107%
Manhattan L 18.100 VU\ 133 133%
Me-troiolitan St Ry. 2.700 166 104 1^4%
Mexican Central... 1200 30 29% 29%
Mexican National.. 2,500 19 IS 7 ; 18%
Minr & St Lou's.. 200 10*»% 109>4 ]0i»
MiFsouri Pacific .. 12.600 101% 100»i 101%
Missouri K & T.. 1.K00 25% 24*,4 24%
Mis-fouri K & T pfd 3,100 56 54 05 Vi
New Jersey Central 100 192 19° 19°'
New York Central. 15.900 165% 163W 1(54%
Norfolk & Western. 200 57 50% 50%
Norfolk & XV pfd .'. 70
Ontsrlo & Western 3,(»00 33% 32% 33
J^onnsylvania 46.400 151"', l.">0'i 151U
Heading \ . f.7% 57^4 57U
Kcti^lng Ut pfd.. 4.S00 32'i 82 82%
Reading 2d pfd 8,200 «S« 6S'i B8V
St Louis & S F... 5,700 72% 71 '" 71 *
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 S4?8 84% MK
St L & S F 2d pfd 2.200 7t" 75 75Vi
St Lo-jis S W 3,200 2S 27% 27'i
fct Louis S V.* pfd. 2,70i> OQii 5*)% <9*
BJ Pau» ..175.500 172 1CSV4 170%
St Paul pfd ... 11,600 196% 190 194
Southern Pacific .. 39.700 66V4 65% C0%
.Southern Railway. 7,400 33 32% .r>*i
Southern Ry pfd.. 5.200 9.1 <ji' l»4%
Texas & Paeiflc... 14,900 42% 40% 41H
Toletfo St L & W. 300 21% 20% "' u
T St L & \V pfd.. 1,200! 39"A 39' ;jgii
Union Pacific 133, (J0O , la?^ lO^i 10"' -4
Union Pacific pfd.. 2,700 88% 8S 88%
Wcbafih 5,«00 24 V4 . 23>i 23%
Wabaal. pfd t>.CO0 4:i% 42% 43^
W & L Erie 1,200 ll)% lOti tj)i2
W & L Erie 2d pfd 600 " 31% 31 . 31%
AVis Central .. 400 24^i 24% 24
Wis Cent prefd.... 300- 40% 40% 46»i
Express- CompaTilea — ¦ ' -••¦ - . — '"
Adams ..%.. • ...... ; ... ..;. ]5)5
American ...'. «>25
United States ..,.. 300 112 Il6>i Tl^
WeHs-Farro .. . ' .... 19 g
Miscellaneous— . "
Axnal Copper 12.3ro . ax% , 64U 64V
Am c & f i.coo i-y% 29% 2S%
Am C & F prefd.. .900 t)l SO 91
Am Lin Oil .....-; . • 94
Am Lin Oil prefd .:;.. .]•'.". !'"* k-m'
Amer Loco .- ,2,300 .31% 31 * 31%
Amer Loco prefd.: "400' .02% 92% 02%
Am S & Ref.....; i;000 47% 47 47
Am S & Ref prefd 200: 97%- 97% 1*71/.
Anaconda MIn Co.. 1.500 115 113'.| 114^
Brooklyn R Trans. y.t'OO «0% e5 ' 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 17,300 102% 100V4 1C1
Cons Gas ,.. 12,100 228 225%
Con Tobacco prefd. .... ii 8 i*.
General Electric... 1.000 '32514 324 324""!
Hocking Coal ti.800 23% 23% 22^
Inter Paper £C0 21% ?lg »ii|
Inter Paper prefd.. ...I. .... 75
Inter Power 2,400r 97% 97% 97%
Laelede Gas . .- B goi?
National Biscuit... \ 400 51% 50% C 1^'.
National Lead* ,-300 19Vt 19 18%
North American... 5,400 127>4 125% 125%
Pacific Coast ..... . 7q j
Pacific Mail • 4M 44 -42% 42%
People's Gas 11,700 10t% 102% 1OT%
Pressed S Car 300 42 41 U 41%
Pressed S Car prefd 900 85 - 8li£ ' 84*k
Pullman Pal Car „ * 035
Republic Steel 900 IK 17W, 173-
RtpubHc steel prafd SOO 74 73<£ Titt
Sugar 29,700 133% 130%^ 131«
Tenn Coal & Iron. 4,400 70% C9% 70
U B & P Co -1.700 18V4 17% 17%
U B & P Co prefd. 11,800 ~ 83% 82% 83%
L S Leather....... 7.100 13% 'jjsj ml
U S Leather prefd. 2.600 85 % 84% 84
Tj S Rubber ¦ - ?J5v
U S Rubber prefd. ;¦.'/- "" k-j{9
U S Steel :.. 5,200 42% 42" 4214
U S Steel prefd 4.«X»0 9t% 94U «4«
Western Union ... 400 00% .90% 00%
Total sales 1.134,200
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg ...109 iL & N unif 4s... 102V.
L S ref 2s coup... 103 'Mexican Cen 4s.. 85
U S 3s ree 108%) Do 1st Inc 33%
U C 3s cou3 ...109% M & St Louis 4s. 103%
U S new 4s reg.139 iM-K & T 4s 101
U S new 4s coup. 139 U I Do 2ds ... "83%
V S old 4s coup.'.lU Do ren 3%s...lO8
U S 5s rejc ....10<; In J Cen. cen 0s..l40
U S 5s coun 100 'Northern Pac 4s.. 105%
Atchlson gen 4s..lO3%i Do 3s- 74^
Do adjust 4s... 0t% Norf & W "con' 4s! 102
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s: . 99%
Do 3Hg .. f>6% StL & I M con 5s.ll7
Do conv 4s ...;108% St J. S: S F 4s... 101
Can South 2ds...lO8% St L S W lsts.-.lOOW
Central of Ga 5s. Ill ,St £. S W 2ds... 81%
Do 1st inc .... 79 !San A&AP4s.. 91Ti
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% Southern Pac 4s.. 94%-
Chi & Alton 3%s ; 84% Southern Ry 5s.. 122%
C B & Q new 4s. 03% Texas & Pac lsts. 120%
C M&StP gen 4s. 116% Tol St L & W 4s 82
C & N W con 7s. 139% Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
C R I f: P 4s... 112 Do conv 4s 107%
CCC&St L pen 4s. 103% Wabash lsts 120
Chi Term 4s .... 88% Do 2ds 110%
Colo & South 4s.. 94% Do deb B .... 7Ci6
Denver & R G 4s.lO.-.»4 Wept Sh«re 4s . 112Ti
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% iW & L Erie 4s.. 01%
Do. gen 4s .. 87% jwiscorsln Cen 4s. 92
Ft W & D C Uts.U2% Con Tob4s ....6G
Hocking Val 4%s.llO i
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS. .; *.:
Adams Con ... 30. Little Chief ..;... 11
Alice ¦ 55 Ontario ...........8 25
Breece / ' 50 Ophlr .*-.'. '90
Brunswick Con.'... 12. Phoenix' ' 0(5
Comstock Tunnel.. OT-.Potosi '..12
Con Cal & Va..V..l 20 Savage ...:». 03
Deadwood Terra. ..50 Sierra Nevada. 20
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes. 1 45
Iron Silver 75 Standard .3 35
Leadville Con 05 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — U S Steel pfd I... 94%
Call loans .* 4 ©5 Westlnghse Com.. 07
Time loans .".'... 4%&5j Mining — . k
Bondc — Adventure '. 22«
Atchison 4b 103 Allouez ......... 3^
Gas lsta ..... 87 'Ainalgamated ...H4%
Mexican Cent 4s. 84 '.Baltic ...-....:... 5(j
N E Gas & Coke. -57 iBIngham .........28
•Railrcads— " ' 'Calumet & Hecia.GlO
Atchison 78% Ct ntennlal 20%
A'.chison pfd 97 % Copper Range. ...'< 85 '
Boston & Albany. 2(54% Dominion .Coal.'. .135
Boston & Maine.. 184% Franklin ....12%
N V. N H & H..21B Isle Royals l«&
Fitchburg- pfd 147% Mohawk .; 35
Union Pacific ."..102% Old Dominion.'... 21%
Mexican Central.. 29% Osceola '62 -
Miscellaneous — Parrot ............ 2&y.
American Sugar.. 131% Qulncy ...125
Am Susar pfd... 119% Kanta Fe Copper./: 3 ;',
Am Tel & Tel 182',i Tamarack 175
Dom iron & Bteel. «4% Trimountain ....100
General Electric.324 Trinity .... ..... 14 , A
Mass Electric.."... 40% United States. ... 18%
Ma*s Elec pfd.... 97% Utah 22%
N E G«» & Coke. (i% Victoria 5Ti
United Fruit lffP/i j Winona \i&
Copr>er R Cons... SOU Wolverine v,. ...... 53
US Steel.... 42.: I -
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.-'
Con for money..9* 5-10 NY Centra X\..L 167%
Con for aecount.!M.9-l« Norf & Western.-'uS
Anaconda ....... 5%. Do pfd ........ Vl\i
Butter is slightly cheaper again. Eggs and
Cheese are unchanged. - Meats show some
¦variation. Veal Is scarce, while Spring Lamb
is comics into market more freely.
Poultry and Game are about as before and
there Is little change to note in Fish.
A" few Strawberries are coming In, but they
are very dear, as will be seen. Changes In
spring Vegetables are few.
Cannel $ @13 OOiSouthfield
Wellington. @11 00 Wellington $— @11 00
Seattle @ 8 50 Cocs Bay ... — @ 7. 00
Roslyn .... @ 0 001 »reta — ®10 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC. — ¦; V
Butter, choice, sq45(tr50! Common KKgs...l5® —
Do good 4C@ — I Ranch Eggs, per
Common 35(y — , dozen 17^@20
Cheese, Cal 12-© 15 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern. .17'«2O pound 15SJ2O
Cheese, Swiss 20@30) Do extracted... 8@10
MEATS, PER LB.—
Bacon M01S Pork Sausages. 12^@15
Hams ...'. 13@17 Smoked Beef 17®20
Lard 15®—i
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats :
Roast Beef IOiSIS, Spring Lamb ..12^@20
Tenderloin Stk.l5<017V4 Jtoast Mutton A2C'a —
Porterhous do. .17 J/4@2O Mutton Chops. .12y )( g:i5
Round Steak... HX&VZM' Mutton Stew 813110
Beef Stew 8@lo Roast Veal 12® 15
Corned Beef 8<&10> Veal Cutlets 15©13
Roast Lamb' 15@1S' Roast Pork ...12^@15
Lamb Chops 15@20.Pork Chops — ®13
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each . . 50@90 Pigeons, pair 40@30
Young Roosters, I Squabs, per pair.50@65
each 75©$1' Rabbits, each. ...15@2O
Old Roosters, ea.50@75<Hare, each — @2t>
Frvers, each .50@75j English Snipe,
Broilers, each. . .35(Stj5| per dozen .. — @$4 00
Turkeys, per lb. -1S@22 Jack Snipe — @92 SO
Ducks, each 65<S$i;WIld Geese, per
Geese, each rr.H«»®2j pair 75@$1 00
Goslings — $2 50Erant, each 23@.U5
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligator Pears, Dried Figs, per lb—^10
each 25'fJjO[ Limes, dozen I0@13
Almonds 15020 j Lemons, dozen. . .20!g,30
Apples 3@ 5 1 Oranges, dozen. ..20<£tH0
Pecans — ©20, Pineapples, each.30<g>5a
Brazil Nuts 20® — ; Raisins, per lb. . 5^15
Bananas, doz 15^25 Strawberries, per
Cocoanuts, each..— @1*H basket 50@—
Crape Fruit, per Walnuts, prlb. 12 1,-313
dozen 50®«ol
VEGETABLES —
Asparagus 8@15Okra, dried, lb..— «25
Artichokes, doz. .25r»75 Potatoes, per lb. jC-g2%
Beets, dozen ....10<§! — New Potatoes... 2 V,^ 5
Beans, white, lb. 6@ — Parsnips, per dz.10®—
Colored, per lb. 54i> — j Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima. lb... 6® 8 bunches 13@2O
Cabbage, • each. .. 6<g — ; Rhubarb .-. 3@ 9
Celery, head 5®—: Sweet Potatoes, •
Cress, dz bnchs..20@30 per lb 2%@ 4
Cucumbers, dz.$l 50<S2 Sage, doa bnchs. 25030
Egg Plant, lb 30041); String Beans, per
Garlic 4 @ 6 t Pound 15®2O
Green Peppers,lb.l5S£25 Summer Squash.
Green Peas. lb... 44c 6 per pound. ..12%@15
Lettuce, per doz. 15(820 sprouts, per lb. .. — <fi
Leeks, dos bnchs.l5ffl2O; Spinach, per lb. . 5@—
Onions, per lb..2Vi® 4 Thyme, da bchs..25®30
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz.10®—
bunches lo®20 Tomatoes, pr Ib.8@12i4
Mushrooms, lb...40@60 * J
Carp" — @10jSea Eass — @_
Catfish 10@— Smelts 12^013
Codfish 12%@— : 12%@15
Flounders 10©— ftates, each..:.. s@l5
Halibut — @lo Squid — @—
Herring — <©— Tomcod HXSIZK
Mackerel — @— burbot 20@3o
Do horse -Hg— Trout —-©So
Perch — ©— Brock Trout .... — @
Pompino ...."5<£$1 Whiteflsh 10@— ¦
-tockflsh — & 15 Clams, gallon ...50@ —
Rockflsh — ®13 Do. hardshell,
Salmon, fresh.. 12Vi@13 per pound ... 8@10
• Do. smoked 15^25 Crawfish — <Q —
Sardines • • — ® — Crabs, each 15@2O
Shrimps 10® — Mussels, quart... — <g> —
Shad 10@12% Oysters. Cal, 10O.40@30
Striped Bas3...12^@15 Do Eastern. cU.25@40
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
rowfat Squash, $10@15 per ton; Hubbard I
Squash, $10@15; Mushrooms. . nominal.
Pcndtry and Game.
There was no Eastern Poultry received yes
ttrdiiy, and as receipts of local stock were not |
¦ laige ths market was In good shape and all I
' descriptions cleaned up well. Live Hen Tur- j
, keys were suddenly firmer and scarce. •
I Game aold fairly well at unchanged prict-s. !
Nineteen sacks came In.
! POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@15c for Got.
blers and 16@17c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 5(i«gl 75; Gusline?. »-j -^5^2 50; Uucks. »o«i>
$5 60 for old and $7@8 for young; Hens. $4 509
6; youns Roosters, $6 ,"0®7 50; old Roosters,
¥4 S0®5; Flyers. S5 50@U; Broilers, *4 50*1' ."»
for large and $2 50@4 for small ; Pigeons,
(1 50@l 75 per dozen for old und $2 5t^U i5
lor Squabs. ' ' !
GAME— Hare. $1? Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot- I
tontails and - $1 for Brush: Gray Geese. $3;!
White Geese, 75c@$l 25; Brant, $1 25@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe. $3; Jack
Snipe. $1 SO.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cannery orders for the north and a' fair local ;
demand are keeping Butter from a further de- j
clint, though there is plenty here and the mar- |
kct Is weak. Receipts continue free. The sit- j
uatlon in Cheese remains unchanged. ;
According to present Indications there will !
be a good many stored Eggs for sale next fall.
j f jr they are being stored in large quantities, j
both here arid up around Petaluma. This stor- I
ln« kcep3 the market where it is, but there are :
! plrntjA of the goods offering, nevertheless. !
! Prices stand the same. j
I Receipts were 64.500 pounds. 41 tubs 2 bar- 1
! relr and 1 keg of Butter, 1646 cases of Eggs, j
17.400 pounds of California Cheese, pounds i
of Oregon Cheese and pounds of Eastern
, Cheese. ¦ .- • - - .
I, tsU'iTER — Creamery, 21c 'per pound for
"fancy -20c for firsts and for seconds;
dairy, 17@19c; store Butter, 16@17c per.
pound.
CHEESE — New, 0@10c; old. 0@llc; Young
America, S@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 14@15c; store, 13@13%c per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Longworth Strawberries from Palo Alto were
offering again r and sold at SI 50@2 50 per
drawer, about ten drawers being received.
Out of the two cars of Oranges offered at the
auction there were but 65 boxes of fancy stock,
which sold from $2 45@2 80 per box. The bal
ance'of the offerings were ; standards and sold
at $3@2 25 for Navels and 60c@$l 25 for Seed
lings. ' In the open ¦ market all grades were
quoted^ firm wlth;fancy and choice stock scarce.
One car-came In from Redlands and sold read
ily at full figures.
Three cars of New Orleans Bananas were re
ceived but were not offered for sale, owing to
the greenness of the stock. Ripe Bananas
are cleaning up well and i New Orleans are
quoted higher. ': J.'-'i— i
APPLEa— $2@2 25 per box for extras. $1 25 1
@1 75 for good to choice and 60c@?l for or- |
dinary. '- ..—, - ¦¦
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Orances. - $1@1 ••>
for standard. $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50®3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25; Seedlings, $1@
1 75- Mediterranean Sweets, $1 *o@2; Malta.
Blood Oranges. $2@2 50; Tangerines, in quarter
boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25@1 50 In half boxes;
Lemons, 75c@$l for common and $1 25® 1 75 for
good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy; Grape
Fruit $1@3, including seedless: Mexican Limes,
S4@4 50; .Bananas. $2 50@3 50 per bunch for
New Orleans and $1@2 tor Hawaiian; Pine
apples, S3@4\per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins;
' In. regard to the damage to Almonds by frost
in Europe, as mentioned several days ago. sup
plementary letters from the European Almond
districts say that it is not as serious as first
reported, and that it is largely . offset by the
laige stocks on hand, so 'prices have not been
much affected. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
Stocks of Fruits, Nuts and Ra'.sins have almost
entirely passed out of growers' Into dealers'
! hands, an* the market Is firmly held, but
quiet.'
FitUITS — Apricots, 9@llc for Royals and
10<gl3c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@9c; j sun dried. 5c;
Peaches, '6 V4&'8V4c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted.'
5@6c ; unpitted, l%@2H>c; Nectarines, 5&@6c
for red and 5V>@6c for white; figs, 4%c for
black and 5^@6c for .white. .
. PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's 6' / 4@67ic; 40-50's, 5@5%c; 50-60's. 4%
@4%c; 60-70's. 4<g4Vic; 70-SO's, 3%@3?ic; 80
90's, 3@3%c; -'Jo-loo's, 2Vi@2}ic per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6U
@7%c; Lo«se Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
514c for seedless; 3-crown,' 0c; 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25<gl 35.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 0%@10c;
No 2 S@8%c: No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almoiids, 10^@12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and 6(S7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7e
Tor Eastern; B'razll Nuts, 12Q;i2V2e; -Filberts.
12@12V>c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white . extracted. 5@
6c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c. :¦ ¦
y BEESWAX— 27 H@29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago quotations were rather lower on the
day. The local crowd . was ready to raid the
market, but too many buylns orders stopped
i them. The Sail Francisco } market was quiet
i and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy 13c for light medium,' 14c for light.
15c for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams, 12V''<§13c; Mess Beef. $9@9 50 per bar
rel-extra Mess. S10S10 50; Family; $11@11 50;
prime Mess Pork. S16; extra clear. $22 50@2.'.;
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry SalfvPork. $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef,
l»i/>@l-ic per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8@8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c f6r pure; half barrels,
pure, lt%c; 10-lb tins. 12c;,5-lb tins, 12%s;
3-lb tins. 12\ic.
COTTOLENE — One half -barrel. 9 %c; three
half-barrels. 9*ic; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
U%c;«flve tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
¦ HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy • salted
Steers. -10%c; medium. 9@9^c; light. 8@S^c;
Cow Hides. 9c for heavy and Sc for light;
Stags. C@C^c; Salted Kip, Set Salted Veal. 9c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Ktp 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands.
15c- Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®30c each; short
Wool, 30@60c each; medium. 60@75c; long
Wool 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
©3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium. $1 75
«» for small and COc for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 ior large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1
®1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins, 35c; : fall or medium
Eklns 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
COc; medium, -35c. \
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. .5 »/-i@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4»A@5c; grease'. 3@3%c.
WOOL — Spring Southern. 12 months. 9®10c;
do 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c per lb.
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12Vi@13 1 / 4c per
lb for good to choice, -first hands.
San Francisco Meat Market.
.'. Frevlous prices rule, and the market Is
without any new features. .
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7®7MiC for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows. * ' ¦¦ v -
VEAL— Large. 8@8%c; small. S&®10c per
pound.
. MUTTON— Wethers, S%@9%c: Ewes, S#S&c
per pound. . • ~
LAMB — Yearlings, ¦ 9©10c per lb; Spring
Lamb. ll^@12%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, ' less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: . • ¦ . ¦
CATTLE— Steers. 8>4@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7i&c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. . ¦
CALVES^ — 4',4'S5%c per lb. (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes. 3%@4o per
lb (gross weight). . ;
LAMBS — -Suckling Lambs. $2 50(82 75 per
head or ¦ 5 1 ,4&6c per lb - llveweight; yearlings.
4 J/iSiSc per/ lb. - ' ' ¦
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6%
@OVJc; 200 lbs and over, e%QH%c; feeders,
5%(56%c; sows. 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per
cent off. and stags 40 per cent off from the
above quotations.
General Merchandise.^
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln. 5.55c: Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7'y4@Sc. . '
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southflrtd
Wellington. SO; Seattle. $6 CO: Bryant, $C'5O;
Koslyn. S7; C003 Bay. $5 50; Greta, $3; Walls
fnd, . $8 CO; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50;
Cumterlar.d. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
I-emipylvanla Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh
Anthracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mount
ain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per ton. according to 'brand. -
¦ t Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been thre9 coal arrivals from Wash
, Ington, 64C9 tons; two from British Columbia.
. 7100 tons; two from Oregon. 457 tons; total.
14,326 tons... The quantity Just received met
¦with ready sale, but little of it went Into yard.
Prices are well sustained, although the-stand
ard, is' low, leaving . a , very small margin of
profit. The advent . of : spring will minimize
domestic consumption : for several •• months to
•" come, and thus will enable our Importers to
accumulate some . household grades in yard.
¦ This ha« not occurred! at "any time -this out
i going. winter,' and consumers have been forced
to accept delivery of . an assortment of : coals
• for their requirements, . eome' of which 1 were
; umuitcd for their uses. . Steam srades axa
NEW YORK, April 4.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended I
April 3, .1902, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York ..$1,193,023,800 32.6
Chicago KSU65.407 7.7 !
Boston .. 137,628,508 8.0 1
Philadelphia ..... 102,759,734 11.6:
St. Louis... 40.418,805 22.6 ....
Pittsburg '37,541,220 20.0 '
Baltimore 21.045,965 31.5
San Francisco.!.. 27,598,194 17.9 ....-!
Cincinnati 19.722,450 0.9 '
Kansas City 17.408,201 9.0
Cleveland 42,899,708 20.1
Minneapolis 1<i,314.184 3.8 ....
New Orlsans 10,256,01)6 16.3
Detroit 9,110,468 ...1 9.6!
Louisville 10,033,392 ; 1.3
Indianapolis . 10.200,366 42.9 .. :.
Providence ..:.... 7.086.500 1.1
Omaha 0,953,494 24.3 ....
Milwaukee 6,488,040' 26.3 ....
Buffalo 5,535,618 5.1
St. Paul 4,842,367 7.0 !
St. Joseph 4,271,971 12.0 .... !
Denver 5,228.236 51.0 j
Richmond 3.93S,839 ¦ IS. 7 ....i
Savannah 2.137.740 34.0
J>alt Lake City.... 3.736,341 40.2 .... i
Albany 3,173,615 12.5 ....
Lcs Angeles...... 4.387.714 41.2
Memphis 2,889,541 7.6 i
Fort . Worth 2,395,058 10.7
Seattle 3,285.902 4t.3
Washington 3,813.823 17.1
Hartford 2,783,940 • '. 4.1
Peoria '.. 3,050,075 16.5 ....
Tok-do 2,586,100 11.5 ....
Portland, Or 2,156,525 1.3 ....
Rochester : ... 3,099.149 ' ~7.7 ....
Atlanta .T. ..." "1.014,580 ; 27.0 ...*
Des Molnes 1,976,910 21.3 ....
New Haven • 1,700,828 7.1 ....
Worcester 1,767,363 12.8 ..;.
Nashville 1,485,943 1.4
Springfield, Mess. 1,621, 2S0 17.9 ....
Norfolk 1.45G.292 9.2
Grand Rapids 1.441,712 6.2 ...'.
Scranton ..." ' l.lf.4,727 6.0.
Portland, Me 1,418,0(53 14.4
Sioux City 1,588.679 27.0
Augusta 1,010,722 .-. .. °2 9
Syracuse. 1,452,008 22.6
Dayton, O .• 1,584,312 8 4
Tacoma 1.194.2C7 15.1
Spokane 1,602,472 77.3
Topeka 1,521,868 24.5
Davenport 1,452,137 8.2
Wilmington, Del., 1,056,227 10.3.
Evansvllle 910,426 11.3 ;.\;
Birmingham ..... 040.283 4.0
Fall River , 1,233\{>36 • 52.7
Macon ' 609,000 14 1
Little Rock C95.440 2.3
Helena 783,S13 2.8 .!.'
Knoxvllle 683,189 .... 4 3
Lowell 492,036 .... ¦ 10. 8
Akron 688,200 16.8
Wichita 502,078 C.8
Springfield, 111 784,930 28.7
Lexington 542,279 8.8
: New Bedford 577.008 9.0
Chattanooga 380,604 5.7
Youngstown 6G0.2C6 64.5
Kalamazoo 635,932 19.7
Kargo 346,(580 .".... "*3.3
Binghamton ..... 417,200 .... 8.7
1 Rockford 435,333 61 .1
Canton I 740,000 53.5 ....
Jacksonville, Fla.. 401,909 "¦-'¦S 1
Springfield, 0 314,077 .' .1.3 .-.*•;
Chester 330,261 .•"• 18.7.
Qulncy 416.903 • 'i-V.i.-,^ ...;'
Bloomington . 312.874' 1 " - 32.7 : ¦
Bioux Falls... 357.S81' 4C.9 '
Jacksonville, 111.. 1SS.12S / 40.1-. ' . . . .
Kremont 151,(114 ..'• -.18.(5 1 ¦
?Houston 13,4«9.«5.'l. • 64.5 .;
*Galveston 7,384,000 ....' i'2
?Columbus, Ohio.. 7,382,500 ' 27.8
??Wheeling 740,368 ..... 1*3
•?Wilkesbarre .... 746,220 .... ....
??Beaumont 775,519 .... '.'.'.'.
Totals, U. S.. $1,964,101,327 23~1
Outside N. Y 765,137,527 jui
CANADA.. ' , .
i Montreal $14,323,389^ 11.2 '
Toronto 11,650,046 : ' . . . . ¦••.-: 5 0
I Winnipeg 2,114,208 .'¦ : ; 12 3
j Halifax 1,421.270. " . oil
A r ancouver, E. C. 042,800' .... . -9 4
Hamilton ........ ;• 562.12C ..;. ¦'" «lo 3
St. John. N. B - 59J.570 . ' 39.4 - v - .
Victoria, B. C 324,590 :' ..:'. •>.- '20 3
??Q-iebec 940.W8 ....-.,
Ottawa 1.5U1.034 -. ;... .-...•
Totals. Canada $34,333,347 . 10.4
?Jtot included In ' totals because containing
other Items than clearings. **Not included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
fyT'i ' FOR FRIDAY, APRIL 4.
Flour, qr sks 30.464 Onions, sks .... 307
Wheat, ctls .... fi7,860 Leather, rolls .. 271
Barley, ctls .... 11.000 Felts, bdls 223
Beans, sks 4,086 Lime, bbls . 102
Rye. ctls 67o V/lne. gals K.65O
Potatoes. sk3 ... 8S5 Chicory, bbls .. 83
Bran, sks 595 Suicksilver. flsks 103
Middlings, sks . 621 Raisins, bxs ... 1,5<X)
Hay, tons 327 fallow, ctls .... 2T.5
Straw, tons .... 2 Hides, No 222
Wool, bales .... 41(5 Sugar, ctls ..... 2,655
Feed, sks 250 j
OREGON.'
Onions, sks 307 j
Receipts of Produce.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening • 5 10% • 5 10h
Closing ..........•¦•-••••-. 5 10%- -5 10%
. . -PARIS. 1 ¦ • J - .¦;¦; •
Wheat — . April. Sspt.-Dec>
Opening •• 22 10 : : 20 15 •
Closing ...t •¦• 22 10 / • 20 45'
Flour — f • '
Opening .;...:...••• ...26 7o 26 40.
Closing •-.•• 26 80 : 26 40 :
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April '4.— A very etrong mar-'
ket for pig tin was reported at New York and
spot closed at $28 G5@27. ¦ Sales for forward
delivery were twenty-flve tons, buyers' . option
next : week, at $20 75." and ten tons April at
$26 35. London closed 7s 6d advanced '. with
spot at £119 7s Cd and futures at £117 15s."
Copper was dull -and easy at New. YorK.
Lake spot closed at • 12 Vic . aaked, electrolytic
at 12%c aeked and casting at 12c asked. - Lon
don copper closed about 15s lower, j with spot
and futures at £52 12a (3d; '
Lead was steady, 'quiet and unchanged at all
points. New JYork • closed at 4% and London
at £11 8s r 3d. . - -/ ' ' .
. Spelter was " firm at ¦ $4 40. London ¦. was un
changed at £17 15s. . :,
New York iron ruled steady. ; Pig Iron war
rants', were nominal, c No. • 1 Northern foundry,
$19@2O;: No. 2 Northern foundry. $18@10; No.
1 Southern foundry, $17 50^18; No. 1 South
ern foundry. • sof t, 1 ; $17 50@18. ,'•''. -¦ ' . -. .
English markets were slightly higher. Glas
gow; closed at 53s Id and Mlddlesboro at 47s.. .
i \ New York Cotton Market. >j|
NEW 'YORK, April 4.— The cotton market
closed steady,': 7 : to r0 points higher. -•'¦ ¦
Eastern Livestock Market:
.CHICAGO.- ! ' ¦ ¦','
. CHICAGO, 4.— CATTLE^-Recelpts,
20U0. . Dull and weak. s -Good to prime steers;
$6 50^7;- poor to medium, $4 SOQ'O 40; * tstock-'
* 7~. . . — — — — *
CHICAGO. April 4.— Wheat had only a mo
mentary respite from bearish news; The open
inz was lower on * the fair weather, lower
cables and good cron advices. Belated shorts
had stuff for sale and bears grew more confi
dent. At the early low prices elevator inter
ests bought heavily of May and July and the
market began to advance. The shipplnz de
mand was Improved and shorts' covered, send
ing May up to 7124c after opening. V4@%c
lower at 70%@71c. ' At this point the crowd
turned sellers' acain.' The Ohio State v.-heat
crop report Indicated a condition of 74, against
62 on March 1. Corn was slow and exerted
little Influence on wheat, but the wheat bgars
eold aggressively on'aUrthe 'hard ' spots and
succeeded In getting May down to 7O : J4c. Some
of the later selling was supposed to be for the
elevators that bought early. May closed only
easy, }ic lower, .at 7PTgC. ¦ ....
Corn was dull and dragging most of the ses
sion. May closed %@%c. lower at 59%c. and
weak: ••
Oats were dull but steady. May closed % -.
up at 12%c. : ..',.'
Provisions showed some activity, but It .was
mostly of the downward sort. ¦ Hogs ' were
weaker and started fair selling'. The outside
liquidated liberally and stor)-loss orders
were met. The cash situation was ' tame.
May Dork closed 5@7%c lower; May lard
2Y2C down and ribs unchanged. ¦ ¦¦•
The leading futures- ranged as follows: -¦*
Ca«h quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 68@.71>Ac;" No. i
red, 77i4©79'/jc; No: 2 oats, 43'4@43V5c; No. 2
white, 4r>i / 4(g.4C'/-c; No. 3 white, 44%@15%c;
No. 2 rye, 57V.C: fair to. choice malting barley,
C2@C7c; No. f • liax seed, SI 0».j No. «1 North
western, ?1 75; prime timothy seed, ' ?7 10;
mess iiorki pc* bbl, JIG 35@10 40; lard, por 100
lbs, .$9 52 Vi ©'5 55; short ribs sides (loose),
ifS 80@8 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed),- 7%ig>
7%c; short clear Bides (boxed).. $9 25@9 33;
whisky, basis of high, wines, $1 30; clover,^on
tract grage, S8. ., ' .
Articles— Receipts. . Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 : 28,000-
Wheat bushels 37,000 " 250,000 •
Corn/bushels 49,000 . 32,000;
Oats, bushels 83,000 88,000
Rye. bushels ! 6,000 2,000
Barley. 1 bushels ......... 25,000 ,14.000
On the Produce Exchange, to-day the -butter
market was firm; creameries, 21@29e; dairies;
20@20c. . Cheese, steady, 12Q'13c. Eggs, firm;
frt£h 14c. , ¦.-.,'
; , Exchange, 'and- Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8Q&
Sterling Cables, sight.... ...... — 4 8874
Sterling Cables — > 4 89^
New York Exchange, sight..... — . : 12Hj
New York Exchange, telegraphic — .15 >
Sliver, per ounce — 5 J,.
-Mexican Dollars, nominal .. — - *^'.2
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were lower. Chi
cago was easier, with some liquidation. Armour
bought 2,000,000 bushels May, and other brok
ers I and operators also bought heavily, but
Armour subsequently- turned seller, both at
Chicago and Minneapolis. 1
Dornbusch's statement, as wired from Liv
erpool, gave the Wheat and Flour afloat and
I ashore 'April 1 at 8,578,000 quarters, against
I 8,603,000 March 1 and 8,980,000 on April 1,
I 1901,' no- American figures Included. Reports
j from the Argentine were satisfactory, the 1m-
I provement in the crop having continued. A
i Toledo dispatch said that the six principal
I winter wheat, States now promise to raise about
! as much as last year, though Kansas and Ohio
I will plow up some, dry weather having done
j- the damage. The farmers are reported in good
financial condition and holding firmly. Snow
gives the condition of the Kansas crop at fully
: y.0, on increased acreagfi. Ohio ha3 a condition
I of 74, an increase of 12 points. Bradstreet's
gave the exports from the United States for
the wqtk, flour included, at 4,440,917 bushels.
¦ This market was quiet and unchanged. Ship
pers are in the market for wheat, but holders
are unwilling to let go, and ¦ it was said on
'Change that May was being depressed on call
as much as possible to allow the shippers to
get their needed supplies from this source. :
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 10@l 1114; mill
ing, $1 12V£@1 13% per-ctl. ¦-¦¦ ,
-'. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular • Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, SI 07V-: 2000. $1 07%; 2000, $1 07=i. May
— 2(J00, $1 08%.
Afternoon Session — May — SCOO ctls, $1 08% :
12,000, $1 08%.
I BARLEY — The market rules very firm at the
J advance, already noted, and it Is no trouble to
get full' figures. . ,- v v
Feed, 1)7 1 /<2C for No. 1 and 95c for off Grades;
brewlng.and shipping grades, 9S%C@?1; Cheva
lier, $1@1 20. . - : - :
J .- CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No Bales. ' ¦¦
i .Regular Morning Session — No sales.'
Afternocn Session — May — 2000 ctls, 94J£c.
OATS— Continue firmly held, but the market
Is reported quieter again. • ¦
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites. $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise $1 40@l 45; black. $1 12%@1 32&; red,
$1 30@l 42 % per ctl. . , j
CORN — Previous prices rule, with a quiet j
"^Large 'Yellow, $1 35@1 42>,4: small round do,
$1 «5ffil'47V4; white, $1 40@l 50 per. ctl.
RYE — 92Vi®85c per ctl.-
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
ctl. i . -
j " ? Flour and, Mills tuffs.
j ' ¦ ' ' ¦
I FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50®
i 3,75, -usual' terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
j Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', 53
1 @?3 50/ <
j MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are us fol-
I lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye. Meal,
$•> 75- Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25:- Hominy, $4@
] 4 25; - Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
'. Whlat, $3 50; Farina, $1 50: Whole Wheat
! Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@0; In
I sacks, $0 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas,. $5 50; Green Peas, $0 50 per 100 lbs. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
AH descriptions remained unchanged. Bran,
'.Middlings and Rolled Barley were firm, while
Hay was barely steady. .-' .-'.-¦ : '-
BRAN— $16@16 50 per ton. -
1 MIDDLINGS— $1» r,0@21 per ton.
! FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@21 50 pel
ton: Oilcake Meal at ! the mill, $2?)(&2ti; jobbing,
; $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $2C@21; Corn Meal,
I $2B&29 50; Cracked Corn. $29 50(330; Mixed
j Feed $lt!©17; Cottotn'eed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Wheat, $1)011 50; .Wheat and Oat,
' $S Mlfill: Oat. $S@10 50: Alfalfa. ?3®11; Cio
ver. $7®0; Volunteer. $0 5C©S 50; Stock, $G4J3
per ton. -''-
STRAW— 40®C5c per bale.
vRcans and Seeds.
There was no further change in Beans. The
market was quiet. . . .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 CO; small 'White, . $2
©2 50; large White. $2 10@2 25;. Pea, $3 5O@
3 75: Pink. $t !»0S2 10; Red, 52 50@2 75;
Blackeye, $4 50@4 75;"Llmas, §3 75@4; Red
Kidneys, $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, %- 50@2 05; Yellow
Mustard," $3 25®3 50; Flax, ?2 25@2 50; Canary,
I 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@llc;
California. 10@10M>c; • Rape, l?4@2V4c; Hemp,
I 3%c Der lbl >¦¦¦.¦
j" DRIED PEAS — Niles. $1 60@2: Green. $150
j @2; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables;
There were no Oregon Burbanks offering
from first. hands and the quotations are'nom
inal pending the arrival of the steamer due to
day.' With the exception of Sweets, which are
firmer, all descriptions were ¦ unchanged. JOne
car. of Sweets 'came in. ''
Green Onions were offering freely at the quo
tations and -moved off ¦well. • Stocks of old
!wero . plentiful - and the . market was un
' changed. vi'< -. . •
; Several canneries have commenced packing
•Asparagus In the country and receipts In this
market are consequently light. Prices were a
¦ shade firmer under a steady inquiry, for ship
ment East. Most of the Vegetables from across
, the, bay, were received too late for the regular
inorning "trade and prices were lower. . with
large : quantities left unsold. • Peas and Rhu
barb were' In heavy supply and there. was some
Inquiry for the latter. for shipment East. Re
ceipts of Lbs Angeles Vegetables are steadily
decreasing. ' ? . ' . ' %
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3@3&c per lb;
old -$1 2501 40 for Burbanks from the river;
' Oregon Burbanks. $1 35@1 65; Oregon ; Garnet
Chiles, $1 60: River Reds. $1 50®l 60; Early
Rose for seed, SI 60@l 70; small Burbanks, for
seed.'$110@l 30; Sweets. $1 10 for Merceds. '
. ONIONS — Oregohs. $2@2 15 ¦ f or . the best and
' $1 75®2 ' for ' lower grades ; ¦ Australian, S3 50@
3 75; Green Onions, 40@f.0c per box.
VEGETABLES-r- Asparagus,. extra fancy," "@
J 8c per ; lb, S2@3 per box'for. No. l'and $1 25
@1'75 for.iNo. 2; Rhubarb/ 60c@$l per box;
extrafanCy, $1 25r Green Peas, 2%@3Vjc;
String* Beans, f rOm Los Angeles. 8@15c ; Cab
bage. 40c per ctl:. Los Angeles .Tomatoes, '75c@
I $1 25 per box and'75c@$l 50 per crate: Mexican
Tomatoes, XToc®*!'. 25 per 'box,'; including re
packed;: Dried Peppers. lO^Sllc per lb; Los An
geles do.?.13@17%c; Dried Okra.t 12%®20c per
1 lb;' Carrots, 35@50c per sack;. Hothouse Cucum-r
• bers," 50c@$l ' per ' dozen : for ¦ small and Si 25®
. $1 50. for. large; Garlic, l^«2Vjc; Los Angeles
j .Green .Peppers; -'10@15c; r Mexican ¦-- do, 8@I0c;
Egg Plant, from Los Angeles,' 20^;25c; Summer
Scmash.;. from' Los' Angeles. j$l 25(fiil 50: "Mar."
"¦ - ¦ : - ' . - • . . i ¦ ¦ • ~- ... - . • r " -^ • -. ¦- '
" ; LOCAL IVIARKETS.
' Business In evaporated apples continued dull
and the fneling on all grades Is rather easier.
Prices remain on the old basis. State, common
to good, 7@8 1 /4c; prime, 9@9»4c; choice, 0>/.«S>
lOo: fancy, 10y>@Uc.
California dried fruits showed little feature
as a general thing/ Prunes are quiet with the
tone steady. No change. In prices. Peaches and
apr'.cots meet with a jobbing demand,'but'arc
not active. The tone is steady. . f «" t '
PRUNES— 3^@7c. : «; . .
APRICOTS-^Royal, 10@llc; Moorpark 11%'
@12',-ic. . . .
PEACHES— Peeled,- 14@lSc; unpeeled. 8@10c
DRIED FRUITS
NEW Y*ORK, April, 4. — FLOUR-^Receipts,
17,960 barrels ; exports, 34,735 barrels; sales,
12,700 packages; Irregular and lower to sell at;
the close. Minnesota patent?, 1 $'i'75'33 90!
Mlmesota bakers, $2 9O.@'l 90; winter patents,
$3 M0&4 15; winter straights. $3 70i|)J: SO: win
ter extras, $3 10@3 30; do low- gradas, 82 J/05J
:: 10. ' ; - ; ¦ .¦ ; - >.J .. ,
WHEAT— Receipts, 31,200 bushels; exports,
06,48-t bushels; ppot market weak. .'Np-.''2 red,
82c elevator ; No* 2 red, 8Gc, f. "6. b. afloat,' -No.
1 Northern Dulutb;' SO^c f.o -b. a8oat; -No... 1
hard Manitoba. &J Vic. f. 0. b. "'afloat.' ' : Futures
wore, irregular all day.. On ; early- weakness;
due to bearish crop news., the crowd went short.'
only to be run in by Dig Western traders dur
ing the afternoon. . Getting'longicn- this bulge,
however, traders were forced out in the last
hour, promoting final heaviness and a weak
close at Vid net decline. Ma)', 77@77-yie. closed
77c; Juiy. 77@77%c, closed "77o; So;>i?inbfr,
7<> 1 / £@70%c, closed 76%c; De-jcmbiT, 78"/s@
7S5-C, closed 7SNsC. .. . . ' : . .
HOPS— Firm.' . .. ',. ' .: -
HIDES— Firm. ' " • ¦ -'¦ . ..:' ¦'-¦
AVOOI^— Steady. " "' , .
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 involoe,
r>%c; mild, quiet; -Cordova,- S'/Jrq/lic. Futures
market closed quiet, net 5. points lower to 5
higher. Total" sale*,- 12,500 bags:. May. 5.35c;
September, 5.75c; •'.October, 1 ' 1 .' 5.60c";' 'December,
5.C3c: March," 6.200/ • ¦*••' -* - ¦ .. t •':•-- * t >\
SUGAR — Raw, weak; fair refining, 3 3-32c;
centrifugal. 90 tost. 3 19-32C; molasses sugar,
2 % 27-32c. Refined was steady.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat in shipping demand, but firmly held.
Barley still strong and wanted. Oats quieter, b: \
Com and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff's as previously quoted. f
No further variation in Beans.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue in good supply.
Frost damage to Almonds in Europe less serious than reported,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins quiet and firm.- ¦'¦'¦'.
No further change in Meats.
Provisions quiet here and -iveakcr agaian at Chicago.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. Vegetables in good supply.
Poultry cleaning up well: Turkeys scarce.
Oranges and Bananas in moderate offering and firm.
Local bonds active and stocks rather quiet.
House Coals in better supply. Steam Coals weak..
Atchison ../ 801^ Ontario & West. 33*4
D D " Pfd 99% ! Pennsylvania .... 76%
Bait & Ohio . 100 y, I Reading 29%'
Canadian Pacific. 110 i Do 1st pfd ..... 41 vi I
Ches & Ohio 47% Do 2d pfd 35
Chicago G W ... 24 H Southern Ry .... 33%
C M.&.-st Paul. 172% Do pfd ........ 96%
Denver & Rio G. 44 Southern Pacific . 67%
Do pfd ..... 91 Union Pacific 104%
Erie ... ;;8U Do pfd 0014 j
Do 1st pfd ... 70«, U S Steel .... 43%
Do 2d pfd 5(i Do pfd-. 90%
Illinois Central ..145% W'abash ... 2.?%
Lcuis & Nash ...110V* Do pfd 43'S
M K & Texas . . 24% Spanish 4s ....... 7S
Do pfd 55Vi
Bar silver, steady, 24%d per ounce. Money,
214 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is '2% per cent.
The rale of discount in the cpen market for
three months' bills is.2% per cent. ¦ '
. —^5. ¦ . ;
London Market.
NEW YORK, April 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: .
• The stock market to-day was idle and dull.
Kaffirs toward the end of the session were
good on neWs of the defeat of General Delarey
end a belief that we are on the verge of a
peace conference. American shares were the
feature. New York's sharp advance suggested.
a spring boom. The professional contingent
accumulated stock and New York bought
standard shares, especially Atchison. Union
'Pacific. St. Paul and Louisville and Nashville,
and In the street the market closed at the top,
but the house' was not a 'buyer A Copper was %
down, to £52% the ton, and Rib Tintos sold at
4-'J%; • ¦ • ¦ .. . '-
N civ York Money Market.
NEW YORK.. April 4.— Money on call 'was
steady at 3@4 per cent; closing bid and asked,
3Vi©3% per cent Prime mercantile paper,
4%@5 per cent. Sterling exchange was steady,
with actual business In bankers' bills at ?4 87"£
for demand and at $4 S5% for . sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 83 and $4 8S%. Commercial
bills. $4 81%@4 85%. Bar silver, 54c. Mexi
can dollars,- 43c. Bonds — Governments, steady;
States, inactive; railroads; strong. •
Condition of the 'Treasury.'--
WASHINGTON, April 4.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $17S,253.7S3; gold, $90,
517,121.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Failures in the TJnited States this week were
178. against 145 last year, and . 22 . in Canada,
against 29 last year. ' • . ;, .
The .course , of commodity • prices during the
month of March indicated a seasonable ten
dency downward. "'Dun's index number, giving
the aggregate of quotations proportionate to
consumption, was $9!>,222 on April' 1, against
$101,543 a menthk ago. This decline of i 2.3
per cent was mainly due to the higher tem
perature, which accelerated the output of gar
den and dairy products. . - . ' . : • ¦ ¦
Widely divergent views as to the crop out
look Yesulted in a dull market for cereals.Vand
only small changes in prices. Wheat receipts
for the week were 2,078,999 bushels, • against
2,375,135 last year, while exports from all
ports of the United States amounted to 3,-oG5,
070 bushels, compared with 4,027,007 bushels
a year ago. • : . ,'. . ¦ ; ¦
Labor controversies continue to be the only
seriously disturbing. events in the industrial
world, and while many disagreements have
been promptly settled, others have appeared to
Interrupt production and . make manufacturers
conservative about new undertakings. Retail
distribution of spring wearing apparel received
a check i from the inclement I weather in many
localities,' yet merchandise of most staple lines
is purchased freely and collections are satis
factory at nearly all points, except the Soutn.
Supplies of iron and feteel do not seem in any
immediate danger of overtaxing the demand.
NEW YORK. April 4.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say : |
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Canadian failures for ths week : number 13
as against 22 last weak, 29 in this; week -a
year ago and 25 in 1900. ;' ""•¦•. - /'"- -
the weekvnumber 176, as against 183 last weak,'
1S8 in this week last year, 1 192. in 1900. -IPS in
1K09. ¦-"¦ ¦-.¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦- . '-',- '
::-'':¦'; -Foreign Markets.
' LONDON; April 4.—^Consols,- 04 0-10; silver."
2-1%4;-j French rentes, . lOOf 77 %c; cargoes on
passage;, rather. easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
California,. 2£srt0i-id; English country markets;
steady.- -v •*"¦ ':"¦ .¦'•'.. ,''-" ¦¦. ' :' •"¦ :
LIVERPOOL; Aorir 4.— Wheat, steadyf No.
1 standard California, ' 6s ld@Cs.2d; wheat in
Pari.«, quiet;;. flour" in Paris, quiet; French
cou'ntry -markets, .steady; weather in England;
'¦' ;• COTTON — Uplands, • 4 29-32d.
ers and feeders, $2 50@5 25; cows, $1 25@5 50;
heifers, $2 50© 6; canners', $1"25@2 40; bulls,
'$2 50Q5; calves, $2 00@li; Texas fed steers, ?5
©6. ••.,--'
. HOG*-Recefpts ' to-day, 1S.000: to-morrow,
15,000; left over, C00O head. . Market for ship
pers, steady; others 5c lower. Mixed , and
butchers", ?(i 50&U 85; good to choice heavy,
$tl 75@U 95; ' roush heavy, $0 50@6 05; light,
$b' 35«ff« t0; bulk of sales. $G bO@8 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 40C0. Sheen, steady;
lambs,,; weak. 'Good to choice wethers. $o 2o
@5 CO; fair to choice mlxei $i uOfSo 25; West
ern sheep and yearlings, $4 50©5 S3; native
lambs, $4 50@6 So; Western lambs, $5 25@tj 8j.
i . ST. JOSEPH. ¦ !
ST. JOSEPH Mo., April'4—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 900; weak. Natives. $5 50(S6 90; cows
and heifers, ".$1 25<?S6 15: veals, $3 5C@8; stock
ers and feeders. $2@5 25. .
HOGS— Receipts. 6400; Sc lower. Light and
light mixed, $6 500(5 75; medium and heavy,
$0 er.@O 85; pigs, $4 25@5 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1900; strong to 10c high
er. Western lambs, $600 SO; Western sheep,
?4 3?<oG 15.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, April 4. — Clearings, $447,250; bal
.ance-v S93.832.
TACOMA; April 4.— Clearings. $275,758; bal
ances, S105. 129.
PORTLAND, April 4. — Clearings, $503,76.;
balances, $114, 540. „
¦SPOKANE/ Vrril 4. — Clearinss, $015,820;
balances, $73,710. '...'
V ''¦ .-Northern Wheat Market.
: . -:: ' . -WASHINGTON. : '. ¦'¦
TACOMA,- April >4.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady. -" Elue Stem, Coc; Club, C4c.
OREGON. >
PORTLAND; AprU 4.— WHEAT— Quiet but
steady . at 04,#s@<J5c for' .Walla Walla, < C6c for
Blue Stem- and (iSofor Valley." . ?.-/_ \V-v-\
THE SAX F&AXCISCO ,CALL, SATURDAY,- APRIL 5, 1902.
Bank Clearings.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
EASTERN iVIARKETS.
plentiful -at very low figures, partially caused
by free shipments from the coast and from
Australia, but principally by the liberal Influx
of fuel oil, which Is being contracted for at
low figures for delivery several years to come.
If the Government transports should be con
verted Into oil consumers, the consumption of
steam coals would markedly decrease but the
writer believes that ec<jnomy will not cut so
marked a figure with the department as to Im
peril the lives of their soldiers and sailors by
making the change. They are too valuable as
sets for the Government to place them In any
hazardous position."
OIL— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
jOc; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled
i6c; raw. 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c- cases 95c*
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure.
6oc; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@30c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42'/ic; cases, i~V,c; Co
coanut Oil, barrels. KJ^c for Ceylon and 5SV>o
for Australian.
,_ C . OAL O IL> ~~ Water Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral 20c-
Star. 29c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene!
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15Uc-
In cases, 22c; Benzine. Jn bulk, 14^c; In cases,
£ic; SS-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In cases.
TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon In cases and
&ic in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A, .Crushed and Pine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75cy Golden C. 3.65c; "D." .
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes_ 50c more; 50- lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos— Half -barrels. * 4.75c; boxes.
5c Der lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent.
11
New York Grain and Produce.
Articles — Open. High.
Wheat. No. 2— V';;;
May '. ; 71 .71%..
July .:..• 71T4 7H14
September . . "1% . • 12%
Corn, No. 2 —
May 59% B0%
July .'. - 60?i v GOvs
September . . 60 . 00 %
Oats,- No. 2-- - j
May 42% 43^
July'..; 34^ . :t4V4
September . . 20% 20 Yi
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May ........ Iti 40 16 47i/j
July 16 CO !¦ 16 65
Lard, rer 100 lbs—
May 0 00 9 62
July 9 70 9 72Vi
September-*.. O 77',-i 9 82%
Sliort Ribs, Dcr 100 lbs—
May 8 S. r > 8 90 .
July ........ 8 97i/j 0 00
September ..a 07 Vj 0 10 :
/Low.
70%,
71^4
-71%
5Svs
5»Vi
50 .
42^
33=54
16 30
16 45 .
9 55 -'
9 62%
9 75
8 80
» 82Vi
0 OSVj
Close.
'''70%
:. 71V,,
¦ ..71%
50'^
- 50 Vi
4294
; -0>S
10. 40 '
16 S5.
9 67^
» R7vj
9 771b
8 S7V5
n 80
0 05
AST RECORD.
STATION
s"S.
ts
%
a
3
55 2 O ™ "z
<?x !?E <3 v; '* o
fill B I s |
c c- • o
? ? : ; :¦¦- :
».14
ai.06
56-42 W -"PtCiay .04
54 34 BW Pt Cldy .06
Larson .
lureka . . .
"reeno
'iapstaff .
'OCIitOllO, |
njepeaden
.rss Ar.gsle
'hcenix . .
•crtland .
a.";<
W.<i2
!O.HS ';
;o.G2
».oo
Xi.02
50.04
5».M
JO. 16
,«2 32 W Clear .00
55 M NW Pt Cldy T.
74 44 NW Clear .00
<;c 30 W Clear .00
58 40 SW Pt Cldy .00
72 30 S Clear .00
70 44 W PtCldy .00
K4 46 W Clear .CO
56 40 E Cloudy .10
ted Bluff,
iosebars .
iacramentc
lalt Lake,
an Franci
. L. Obisi
an Diego.
ieattle . . .
pokane . .
Ceah Bay.
Valla W«J
Vinneraucc
'uma
o.;>!
. .:v
..3'
.%»
•?'
. .9
JO. 10
«).14
S0.0<$
w.io
(ft. 04
JO. 04
$0.14
W.04
30.14
JO.CS
W.04
29.86
C8 48 SE Cloudy . .00
58 42 Nff Cloudy .06
70 48 JCW Cloudy .00
.. 42
C6 52 W Cloudy .01
76 3S W Clear .00
t:4 48 W Clear .00
56 33 S W Cloudy . 17
54 30 SW PtCldy .10
48 42 SE Cloudy .32
60 42 SW Cloudy .IS
62 16 SW Cloudy .00
: 00 40 W Clear .00
AST RECORD.
STATION
s"S.
ts
%
a
3
55 2 O ™ "z
<?x !?E <3 v; '* o
fill B I s |
c c- • o
? ? : ; :¦¦- :
».14
ai.06
56-42 W -"PtCiay .04
54 34 BW Pt Cldy .06
Larson .
lureka . . .
"reeno
'iapstaff .
'OCIitOllO, |
njepeaden
.rss Ar.gsle
'hcenix . .
•crtland .
a.";<
W.<i2
!O.HS ';
;o.G2
».oo
Xi.02
50.04
5».M
JO. 16
,«2 32 W Clear .00
55 M NW Pt Cldy T.
74 44 NW Clear .00
<;c 30 W Clear .00
58 40 SW Pt Cldy .00
72 30 S Clear .00
70 44 W PtCldy .00
K4 46 W Clear .CO
56 40 E Cloudy .10
ted Bluff,
iosebars .
iacramentc
lalt Lake,
an Franci
. L. Obisi
an Diego.
ieattle . . .
pokane . .
Ceah Bay.
Valla W«J
Vinneraucc
'uma
o.;>!
. .:v
..3'
.%»
•?'
. .9
JO. 10
«).14
S0.0<$
w.io
(ft. 04
JO. 04
$0.14
W.04
30.14
JO.CS
W.04
29.86
C8 48 SE Cloudy . .00
58 42 Nff Cloudy .06
70 48 JCW Cloudy .00
.. 42
C6 52 W Cloudy .01
76 3S W Clear .00
t:4 48 W Clear .00
56 33 S W Cloudy . 17
54 30 SW PtCldy .10
48 42 SE Cloudy .32
60 42 SW Cloudy .IS
62 16 SW Cloudy .00
: 00 40 W Clear .00
Articles — Open. High.
Wheat. No. 2— V';;;
May '. ; 71 .71%..
July .:..• 71T4 7H14
September . . "1% . • 12%
Corn, No. 2 —
May 59% B0%
July .'. - 60?i v GOvs
September . . 60 . 00 %
Oats,- No. 2-- - j
May 42% 43^
July'..; 34^ . :t4V4
September . . 20% 20 Yi
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May ........ Iti 40 16 47i/j
July 16 CO !¦ 16 65
Lard, rer 100 lbs—
May 0 00 9 62
July 9 70 9 72Vi
September-*.. O 77',-i 9 82%
Sliort Ribs, Dcr 100 lbs—
May 8 S. r > 8 90 .
July ........ 8 97i/j 0 00
September ..a 07 Vj 0 10 :
/Low.
70%,
71^4
-71%
5Svs
5»Vi
50 .
42^
33=54
16 30
16 45 .
9 55 -'
9 62%
9 75
8 80
» 82Vi
0 OSVj
Close.
'''70%
:. 71V,,
¦ ..71%
50'^
- 50 Vi
4294
; -0>S
10. 40 '
16 S5.
9 67^
» R7vj
9 771b
8 S7V5
n 80
0 05
$^ 200— W/NTED— 200 fe
TWO HUNDRED MULE3 from S to 15 year*
old, weighing from 1C00 to i:>00 pounds. Must
be sound and in good working order. Parties
with two or more for sale kindly address
Vi. H. HORD,
1733 MARKET STREET. S. W.
fe ) fe> fe
CARLOAD of broken saddle, drlvlne and
work horsea consigned by Clara & Cox.
XL Ranch, Sacramento. FEED H. CXIASE
& CO., 1732 Market st.SA1ST FRANCISCO XCAJuLi, SATURDAY ; APRIL. 5, 1902.
12
BAN FRAXCISCO CALX..
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
C&U, corner of Market and Third streets; open
uctil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3!< McAllister street; open until 9:30 p.m.
£15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until '10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
iintii 9 p. m.
tlOO Eleventh Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. m.
_XK) Fillmore' etreet; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
Walter" thomas mills, a. m., of cw-
tcagro. will 6i>eak at Metropolitan Temple.
Sunday, 2 p. m., on "Chinese Labor in
America and Chinese Products in the World's
Market." Music by Frank Brown's Ladies
Orchestra. Admission free.
51E_TIMJ NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commander}' _^fcs«
No. 16 K. T. t£r> Putter st. — Special TjSjf*
assembly THIS EVENING at 7 Jfa
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra-
ters are courteously invited.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
M.— THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. s _ff\_
at 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Mas- /£??
ter Masons cordially invited. By order /.~r .»
of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. M.— .
Called meeting _ THIS (SATURDAY) _Jk
BPSIXESS CHANCES-— Continued.
NOTICE to buyers— It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO.. 318 Kearny st.. room 1.
A— NOTICE to buyers and sellers: John Lun-
dln Is not in my employ or connected with
my office In whatever business he may trans-
act. P. S. DE LUCA. SIS Kearny st.
$800— CONCERT hall on sporting location, with
an' upright Gillman piano, new cash register;
rushing business; positively • clears over $300
month; fixtures alone worth the money: rent
$40: great chance: don't miss It. P. S. DE
LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny St., room 1.
NOTICE to sellers— We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand ; investiga-
tion. P. S. de Luca & Co., 31S Kearny *r. 1.
A— $250; BRANCH bakery, dairy produce and
dc-Kcatesssn; good location; low rent; sure
business; any one can run it and clear $60
per month. K. KENNY, 75 Third st. ,
A — $300; CIGAR store; fine business corner;
low rent; laundry agency pays all expenses;
doine a clsar trade of $10 to $12 per day;
positively <-learing $70 per month: best reas-
ons for selling K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner In any fair-
paying busmess see K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established 1868. ,
JOSEPH STRAUB.
S50 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
$3C0 — PARTNER wanted In established busi-
ness; $18 to $25 week, with chance to in-
crease; no experience required. 25 Geary
st., room 4.
CARJPETJBI3AT01^AJrD^CLPA»INO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poorwork
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama et.; tel%South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. jupholster-
ing.1213 Market,bet.Sth&9th;tel.Howard J 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning, 1 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; tel.'. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter sf;
tel. Main 394. -. GEO. WALCOM & CO.; Prop.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable.- 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. : tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior. Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. -: ,
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning , and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74. --.- '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
• 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
CHIROPODISTS.
DR. WaiT^E^C^r^T^fiisTr^m^'r^^orns
extracted, painless; ingrowing nails, cured.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEOnG^^V^CETj^S^AKen^-^No^h&r^
unless successful. I Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY 4-room cottage. $10; corner Japan st.
and Rlncon ave.. at Mall Dock. ; -. . . \
MODERN cottage, 4 rooms and bath; rent $20.
218 Locust ave.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
£ fe§ DENTISTS.^ _^__
*/ EMPLOYMENT '- .WANTED— -MACE.
MAN and). wife, middle-aged Germans, -single
' or together; wife first-class cook and. a No.
1 baker,-, all ' kinds ¦ of * confectionery, : tarts,
* pastry r Ice ; cream; - man -all; kinds . of work,
1 ' driving horses, , handy .with > tools, '. painting,
..-:. paper > hanging,, barkeeper," good ; plain cook,
- lunch, ; or ¦ watchman," served . on s table; '.no
farm .work; city ' or country: . Box 4744, , Call.
SITUATION wanted by a Danish man 50. years
old; -understands gardening, flowers, , vege-
¦ tables, ". fruit, - care of ; horses, t poultry : can
milk;: best of -references; wages about $30
, month. -Address or call 331 Kearny St., r.' 36.
SITUATION jby young ¦ man ! of. 27; experienced
stenographer and assistant bookkeeper; - has
3 knowledge -of , Spanish : and .. Spanish steno-
: - graphy; ¦ first-class references. ., Box 4753,
Call offices. ;; • • .-.; : - .-:¦¦--.'; ¦¦'¦
MAN and. wife wish positions I in country re-
sort-or hotel; man can do plumbing and tin-
ning, handy with any kind of tools; wife to
/ do chamber or -house work. Box, 4751. Call.
COMPETENT , middle-aged person going | East
will take charge of and' accompany j one or
v two ' children; best , of "Icare taken. ; J. G.,
Russ House.; .".','.'. ¦ ' , * '
PRACTICAL mechanical engineer ' wishes po-
sition' 1 city or country; can operate all kinds
of t steam or electrical machinery. Box 4741,
Call office.-.^ ,: . -. .. ¦ ¦ . ¦
ENGINEER, 15 years' experience, wishes po-
sition; -understands all kinds steam and
electric - engineering; " references. Box 4710,
Call office. ' . . --..-- v.-'." . ¦
WANTED— By a middle-aged man, to take care
. of horse, carriage and work around, the place
i In a private family. Apply Winchester Ho-
tel; room 469. ... - . .' .
YOUNG man, 28, energetic, sober and • reliable,
' -who is an accurate bookkeeper, desires sal-
aried position of any kind; salary no object;
'¦ references. Box '4755, Call. '"-.¦'.'' ¦ ¦- ¦ ¦
'¦¦¦ r HELTV WANTEn—^FEMALE-— Co-. _,' j
WANTED— Cook, boarding I house, $35 ; kitchen
V helper, $20; cook for men, $25; 3 cooks, little
wash, $30, ?35; 10 second girls, $20, :$25;
', laundress, $30; 2 ironers and' 1 marker for
1 laundry,, country,' $9 week; 6 restaurant wait-
resses, $7, $8 week; parlor maid,, $25: infant's
nurse/ $25; woman .and chUd, country, $15;
man and wife, $35 ; also a large number : of
1 • girls , for [ all • kinds of I housework, city^ a nd
country. . Apply to J. F. CROSETT &- CO.,
; .334 Sutter. Bt./; . '
EXPERIENCED i stitcher- on men's * " and
; women's shoes : and operators on ' eyelet " ma-
chine; good wages: steady employment. ¦
The Royal. 50 Third et/
! ¦ ' . : . '¦ '
a/,.'/ :l _ • -. . N _ :,,-. v . '_. ¦
WANTED — A girl -for light housework; good
home;- wages $10." Apply 041 Lyon St., bet.
. 10 and 12 a.m. ¦ . .
WANTED — A young girl or woman to assist
In housework. Apply 535 Baker St., between
Fulton and. Grove: . ..
AT. ONCE, experienced millinery salesladies.
LUD. ZOBEL CO., 943 Market st.
150 OPERATORS on ladies' undearwear. 650
Mission ; st:, -third floor. , . ' ,
150 :' EXPERIENCED V operators on ladies'
waists. 656 Mission St., / third floor.
WANTED — An experienced forelady for laun-
dry. Address box 4727, Call office.'
WANTED — Ironer and mansle: girls at 3372
.-Mission street. ' ¦-..-'¦
WANTED— A good waitress at 475 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
WANTED— -3 girls to learn halrdresslng. maa- j
sage, manlcuw. switch, wig making, in 2
HELP WAXTED — MALE— -Con. ; '
AT C.~RrHANSEN^&~CO.'S'. . ! . .104 Geary" st.
. ;".' '.'. . . . Wanted for Nevada :
. . .". ..... . . :. Wanted for Nevada "
2000 railroad laborers .$2 a day
g 2000 railroad teamsters . . . ; $2 a day
-: 500 rockmen and mutfkers $2 and increase
K blacksmiths ...... .....$3 a day
• 1 carpenter ........'. $3 a day
.Free fare ..Ship Dally ...:v. Free fare
100 tunnclmen for two new tunnels. $2 to
| $2 50 per day; 50 outside laborers around the
tunnel. $1 75 a day
Free fare ...Ship Dally ...... Free- fare
..'...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT "...
Night clerk, hotel, country, $25 and found,
see party here; cook3. broilers and fryers,
$:;."> to $60; waiters, city and country. $30 to
$-10; butcher, country shop, 530; 2 neat youns
men to carry off dishes rind learn wnltlnjr,
country hotel, $25; 20 kitchen hands, city and
country, $20 to $30 : ....¦ ,
C. R. . HANSEN & CO.. ....104 Geary st.
WILL be ready for business In our new office
Monday. April the 7th. at 429 Bush st.. be-
tween Kearny and Grant ave., opposite Cali-
fornia Hotel, where we shall be pleased to see
all our old patrons and the public In general.
¦ ' ¦ ¦ - C. R. HANSEN .vt CO.
EXPERIENCED stitcher on men's and
women's shoes and operators on eyelet ma-
chine; good wages; steady employment.'
The Royal 50 Third , st..
WANTED — An experienced entry clerk in a
¦wholesale dry goods house; must be a goo<l
penman, quick and accurate at figures; ptatf
age and references ; when making applica-
tlon. Box 4750, Call office.
BARGAIN — Good 2-chair barber shop; estab- :
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PACIFIC. Heights corner residence, 10 rooms
and bath; sun In every room: .N.E. cor.
Jackson and Fillmcre. Apply Madison and
Burke. 30 Montgomery st. ¦
APHBURY. 727 — $40; elegant 9-room house:
finished basement; fine neighborhood ; near
Park Panhandle. Owner, box 4652, Call.
$.nn — HOUSE 8 rooms; also large yard and
basement. • 1615 Bush St.. near Franklin.
HOUSES WAXTED. ______
RESPONSIBLE party would take charge of
house during owner's absence In summer;
central. 753 Scott st. •
HOUSES FOR SALE,
NEW house. 7 rooms: sun all day: fine resi-
dence district; Portola St.. ott Waller, bet.
Pierce and Steiner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
IXVESTMSXTS.
IF you have money to invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY, 137 Montgomery St.,
& F.. know It. Call or write for particulars.
' LOST AND FOl'XO.
LOST — Last Friday night." Sixteenth and Mis-
sion, large white fox terrier; brown spot oa
ear. Return to 42S Clipper St.; receive re-
ward of $2 50.
LOST— On Gough St., bet. Turk and Golden
Gate ave., leather purse containing owners
card, gold pencil and small change. Return
to 730 Gough st. and receive reward.
LOST— Small account book with postal cards;
$2 reward. Box 4711. Call office.
LOST — A brown cocker spaniel, male pup. Re-
eree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. /W>
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. <§;#»_?* i
O. F. — The ollicers and the fu- -fgS^SSSS !
neral committee of the above- '
named lodge are hereby notified ///««
to assemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of
Market and Seventh sts., on SATURDAY,
April 5, at 1:30 o'clock p. m., for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, JACQ. BL'CHI. By order of the N.
G. CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Sec.
MEMBERS of the St. Andrew's So- _ <CT-
ciety are hereby notified of the Cm 3 J
death of our highly esteemed char- •^_k3__jf
ter member and first president t_~*
of the society. JAMES F. STUART. The
fu.ieral services will take place lrom the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company's parlors,
2479 Mission 8t. on Monday, the 7th inst..
at 1:30 p. m. Services will also be held at
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts., at 2 p. m. All
members of the society are requested to at-
tend. JAMES ROLPH, President.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER, Secretary.
THE 39th annual picnic cf the St. . vjr j.
Andrew's Society of San Francisco !j\ lmuZj
¦will take place at Fairfax Park on
SATURDAY. May 3, . 1902; games "*?_>*
cancir.g ; -a good time Is assured.
JAMES ROLPH JR.. President.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. J. Challen and John A.
Tuckev in the Topaz Centennial mine, near
Qulncy. Plumas County, to deposit tailings
behind the dam of the Quincy Minine and
Water Company, in Wauponsie Creek, and
from Louis W. Clark and B. D. Dobyns, in
the. Golden Needle mine, near Brownsville,
Yuba County, to deposit -tailings In Dry
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 94, Flood building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., en April 14, 1902. at l:30p. m.
THE annual meeting of the members of the
Society of Progressive Sciritualists will be
held at their office. S.'!22 Seventeenth St..
SUNDAY. April 13. at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose ot electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting.
JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. "
KcFolutions, etc. In first-cla««> manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post ?t.
AGENTS WANTED.
fcPECIAL opportunity for refined gentleman to
make money in branch, with no competition
on Pacific Coast, lst-class ref. must be Riven
and bond of $50 required. Call Saturday,
8-9 a. m. or 7-S p. m., 1170 Market, room 56.
A FEW more ladles and gentlemen to solicit
and organize in California for the most just
plan of fraternal insurance; big money; now
is your time. THOS. P. THORNTON, State
Deputy. 1751 Twelfth ave., Oakland.
AGENT for wine trade. Apply to-day at 181S
Market Et.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT _AW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; a.' cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
rtc. : legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick ;quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 jts.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market Bt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fees;
all cas<-s. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
_. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
UICVCLES— Kor Sale or Ex ck ansre.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
eFt thing out; agency Columbla.Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin st.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of tong,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages globes aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1540 Market Et.,bet.Sth&Oth.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD/
BOOKS cf all kinds bought libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1916.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
— $800; BUTCHER shop; established years;
doing- a first-class business; located in Oak-
land ; rent $35. including V rooms, 2 horses,
1 wagon. 1 cart. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
20"Mi Kearny et.
A- — $2000; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts. ; rent $55. including « pri-
vate rooms; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
JttSVs Kearny st.
A — $1200; RAKE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety store, with telei/hone and
laundry office; In bocmlnc town across the
bay; place clears above $250 during 8 months
in the year; investigate at once. R. G.
WILKE. 20Va Kearny Et.
A — $1000; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
Keetablifhment en Dev4sadero' Bt. ; rent $25; at
least $800 stock on hand; good business;
sicknees only cause of sale. Call R. G.
__ WILKE. 26% Kearny sL
A— *300; SALOON with 9 furn. rooms, kitchen,
«tc. ; rent $25 ; great bargain ; must be sold at
ence. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
JX500 — ROAD house with grl'lroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, including 4
furnished rooms; a nrst-class paying propo-
sition. Particulars K. G. WILKE, 2H l / 3
Kearny et.
t2WK) — CORNER grocery end bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a first-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
26V4 Kearny st.
A — CIGAR Stands'. Cigar Stands'. Cigar Stands!
80 bUEy money-making stands. $75 to $2000;
I eell choice, well located stands only.
Hedges. 461-462 Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
A — VERY profitable hotel and bar; long estab-
lished; best town this State; 45 rooms; low
rent; 3 years' lease; this house makes big
meney. Ask HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
A — SALOON: busiest cprner wholesale district;
always busy; low rent; short hours; price
right to genuine buyer; fullest investigation
asked; old-established place. See HEDGES.
4C1-462 Parrott blojr.
A~-$200; PARTNER wanted In established
business; $18 to $25 week, with chance to
Increase; no experience required. 765 Mar-
ket St.. room 3.
A— $350; PARTNER wanted in old-established
business on Market st., clearing $75 per
month to each; duties plain and easily
learned; must have help. Apply 765 Market
St., room 3. * .
A — IF you have a business or iodglng-house for
eale we can sell it for cash; established li
years. Pacific Business Exchange, 765 Mar-
ket tt.
¦ —
$300— RESTAURANT; compelled to give up-
receipts $:J5 per day; family troubles: don't
fail to Investigate. D. McRAE. 837 Mission.
$500 — BARBER shop; Fourth, nr. Market; pay-
tnents; laundry office pays rent. D. McRAE
637 Mission et. .
$300— RESTAURANT; opportunity seldom of-
fered; Ellis St.; rent $35. D. McRAE 837
Mission • Bt. '
ALL kinds of real estate for eale and exchange-
lodging-houses, stores, restaurants, hotels
• eaioons and many other business chances lot-
tale. HEALY & CARR, C Eddy st. '
A— $450; RESTAURANT; receipt* $25 day
sickness cause of sal*. STRAND & CO. 203
Kearny st. ,
$75 BUYS clear stand; fine place for lady Par-
ticulars box 4731. Call office.
A'hALOON will be sold cheap. 143 Fifth St.,
comer of Natoma; old etand; no agent.
$450 — FOR sale/ a saloon and lunch house with
living rooms, near 'factories, on account of
sickness; rent $18. Address K. L., box 4639,
Call office.
WANTED — A partner with $200 for chicken
much. Box 4045, Call office.
ON account of leaving State, good paying small
business for sale. 717 Mission st.
RESTAURANT for sale. 135 Second st. : no
triflers.
NURSERY and florist business for sale; bar-
gain; owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself Into the business by
working for salary until he wishes- to take
¦ possession. CARLSON, 500 Halght st.
i AN old established upholsterer business for
sale; Western Addition; good location; own-
: er leaving country. Address E. LEWIS. P.
i O. Station F.
j FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
j town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
I loli of $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
•will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Aodress Grocery, box 165. Vallejo, Cal. j
A PROTESTANT Christian man or woman I
with $2000 or mere to back up a new bust- :
ness should Investigate my proposition. Ad- '
dress box 4677. Call office. .!
j A FIRST-CLASS meat market doing a good
business; owner has other interests and
! wishes to retire from business. For particu-
I lars inquire at this office.
i PARTNER with $350; business paid $337 75 in
: month and half; owner has other business.
i Box 4732. Call.
! GOOD paying shooting gallery for sale; pro-
i prietor has two places; can't tend to both.
* Inquire 523 Pacific st.
i WANTED — Wholesale liquor store or first-class
! saloon; must clear over $300 month. Ad-
dress with full particulars box 4701, Call.
$125 WILL buy a coffee and chop house; doing
; nice business. Apply 796 Folsom st.
PERSON wants to exchange city paper route
for country route. Box 4662. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
1 ANY of the following on monthly payments:
25 rooms; clears $125 $1250
35 rooms; near Market; snap . .". 2100
125 rooms; clears $450; only 7000
i 30 rooms: clears $150; payments 1500
! ' 9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only. :!75
; 32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3500
; 20 rooms; clears $75; only .' 350
| 40 rooms; clears $108 800
i A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
| 006 Market St.. cor. Ellis.
! $500 — 8 ROOMS; clears $100: big transient
i trade. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
! WINSTON & WOLF,
I 102G MARKET ST. — 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only. $350
24 rooms ; rent *55 : central 1650
J 38 rooms; rent SSO; money-maker 2250
31 rooms; rent $100; just listed 2100
I 500 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
R50 Market et — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses. ! hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan" Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day;
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON _ CO.: ~~~~ '
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St..
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
I If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
j to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
j flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A— Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
j Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
i All for sale on easy^terms. Please call.
: McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market — Some bargains:
i $050 — 15 rooms: Market st.
j $375 — 19-room house, Jackson Et.
; $200 — 7 rooms; rent $15.
i $3000—30 rooms; and 00 more houses.
j Some sood bargains. Only honest trade.
I A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
I and arices, in all parts of the city; get our
: list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market.
| NEW downtown apartment house, partly fur-
| nished. 1st floor rented; purchased or rented
by responsible party cheap. Box C92. Call.
| ====================================
. SPIRITUALISM.
j MME. LA MONTE, the phrenologist and test
; medium, has been very lucky on the track
this week; will pick a winner or information
free. Brunswick Hotel, room 5. Sixth st,
A — C. V. MILLER, -world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
i Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush «t.
i MRS. J: J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
Mfe reader; medical clairvoyant: Elttlngs. $1;
! letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
I PROF. GEE. 8',4 G. G. ave.— Readings. 50c-$l;
j $1 readings In circle Tues.Thurs.Frl. nlght,25c.
MADAME CAPELLE, clear-seeing life reader.
] 122 Taylor st.. room 5. ¦
j Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco"
i habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market
I EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
j phone Polk 1C01; feance Sunday and Thurs.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall\335 McAllister— Mrc C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tPFt in all t<%-n<«rht: 10c.
CLAIUVOYAM'S.
MME. M. BERNARD '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium permanently
located at 17 Third Et.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveais the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to "overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs or life; 25e
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black , 4560.
A— 50c and $1; PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, car.1 reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
ttlls whom you will marry; how to win man
or woman you love; mail $1; send date birth.
lock hair. 6 questions. 1007H Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located tot 1206 Mar-
ket et., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, . 10 a.m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $; palm, and c'alr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. : full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 0 Fourth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. HANSEN, clairvoyant, card reader and
_palmist; 25c. 14S Sixth st.. room 14.'
1QIE. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. COc. 52116 Eddy.
A — Mrs. Melvlll, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader, has returned. 11 6th; German spoken.'
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana-
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st.. room
22. second floor; horoscopes cast by mall. ;
MRS. L A VON. « wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
¦ cpirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c
A — UK. x. s. ±iiii(j.iAB, »z< MarKet si., imma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings. $1 50; other
fillings, $1 ; cold and porcelain crowns, . $5
up.; plates, a full set of teeth that, look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. ; •
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best ctowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice, free /prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th. r. '7, Flood bldg.; extractions done naln-
lesFly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions- free,- $4 £0
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, (i Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R; C. ANDBK-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager. ¦ '
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5, full set; ell work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new-
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetln- s;
crowns, $2: fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
PARIS Denial Parlors; 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings' 50c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less ext.. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable;. hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farreli. late of 6 Turk St.— -
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without date. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. -" ¦ .,/ /¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
fall. 16 pages, pent to any address in the
T'nltPd Stgtes or Cannd.i one year for $1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS. : ;
DR. CREELY'S ! ~c!~ P. dog ""soap by druggli-ts
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.* \ -.'..
H^AlS^F^cllb^Lr^F^ETLE^TRTcATr^NGI^
NEERING^ — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop- work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., & F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
•spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions Eecared; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining, to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. I
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market.
A — THE LYCEUM, an - accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law ¦ and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ,
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
GOLDEN Gate College. 030 Golden Gate ave.,
San Francisco — One month free to those, en-
tering for six months; bookkeeping or short-
hand course; positions soon as qualified. -_-'
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency . securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'FarreU'st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hal!.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates " perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 . Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern. methods; positions for all graduates;
new 00-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. -
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 month. 18-16 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion.nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert. 302 Van Ness ave.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY. and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded 18C3: new 80-page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, Kent to any address in the
United Ftatcs or Canada one year for. $1,
Iiostace ral^-
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, .cooks
and waiters* furnished ut .short notice. I Geo.
Klnoshita, 1203 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office,' 415 Stock-
tpn; tel. Grant 1CS: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish rno.st
reliable help. C24 Bush st.; tel. 51«.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Cht-
ne?e help. 42ft Pnwell.nr.Sutter:tel.P.lack 5072.
EMJP.LOYjIIENT^^WANTEr^PEMAIiE.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a posi-
tion to do general housework in a small
family; will work for small wages; is a. good
cook; no postal cards answered. 2C3 Third
St., near Fclsotn. < ¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light " house-
work or taklnp care of an elderly lady. -Apply
2 Hampton court, off Harrison St., bet. Sec-
and and Third. ' • ¦
WANTED— By reliable young woman, work of
some kind for evenings attending children or
invalid lady; experienced. Box 4726, Call.
WANTED — By a young lady with experience,'
a position of any kind in a. store. Box 4743,
Call office. :
AN excellent laundress wants , work; can fur-
nlsh references. 1730 Pacific St., West Oak-
land, Cal. --. -. . ' .,: . -' -.
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper In
the mountains. Box 4257, Call office, Oakld.
YOUNG I woman with 3-year-old child would
assist with housework or '. chamberwork in
country In payment ; for board. Box 4673;
Call office. :•'.:..
WANTED — By competent- woman/ position' as
housekeeper to widower with children, or at-
tendant, to, invalid; best of references. * 732
; Fourteenth, st.' . , : .'-. . :' ... - - ;.*.;;-. .:
MIDDLE-AGED German woman ij-ith girl of 8
wishes situation as cook or . general house-
work; city or country; wages $20. '. Box 4735/
Call office. .: ..-..;<• ..; . -.,-,- ,-...;'
RELIABLE , lady: stenographer and typewriter
desires permanent position; experienced. Box
4(578., Call office. ,-•*. j->: ,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25e to $1 CO per night; $1 B0
to $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from . f erry.' ¦ ' ' : *.
WANT ads and subscriptions ~t taken for .Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C3!) McAllister st.'.
CLASSIFIED advertisements, and -subscriptions
received at Call .branch office, 2200 ?Fillmore."
A BFivNCH office for Call advertisements and!
cubfccrtptlons has been established at 1093
Valencia : st. •• . .-'- . ¦ ,.-K;>v: >.-.-:¦;"
YOUNG German wishes work at housecleannig
or anything in private family; sober, honest
married ¦ man. C. SAMMEL, 9Vi Welch, rear. .
MIDDLE-AGED ' man, best references, wants
easy- - position: • satisfied with ¦ small wages.
Box 4742, Call office./, ¦--¦"-.-
WATCHMAKER, engraver and optician, fully
competent' and- reliable In | either «Ulne. I Ad-
dress R, care Armer & Weinshenk, 207 Sutter.
SITUATION wanted by competent flavoring ,
extract maker. . Address A. B., Postoffice
. substation No. 29. , u ; . '-' !
WANTED — Position by an experienced cloth-
Ing and shoe salesman; clty'or country. Box
4754, Call. -, . .- .;.-:. ;< , ;v '.,:¦¦ ¦ • ;:¦¦:". ¦-' ¦ ¦
COMPETENT flavoring extract maker wishes
.situation. Address A. B., Postofflce station
',H; city. ¦' •'.' '• . ¦ " .--,./:.' '¦' •¦- ¦ ¦' •¦ ¦¦¦¦ • ¦'" -
ENGINEER and blacksmith would like position
in sawmill. ¦ Address box 4739, Call office.
FIREMAN wants position; seven years' ex-
perience-; best of references. Box 4740, Call.
NURSE~with % best of references ; mall rates
¦ , $1 50 ; day. . Box , 4747, Call office. ,
COMPLETE first and well-experienced gar-
dener In air the' various branches of horti-
culture and pleasure grounds decoration, who
shows the best references, needs situation :
private place preferred. Address LOUIS
KNOAF, St. Helena Sanitarium. Cal.
RELIABLE German- American wishes position
as collector or business agent with responsi-
ble-firm; best of references and bonds glMen
gifjOrequlred.j Box 4703. Call office.
SOBER, • steady, middle-aged man, German,
wishes a place as sllverman, ' porter or night
watchman; best of references. . Address G.
MYER, 621; California St.. . ¦
INDUSTRIOUS gardener, understands care of
horses, buggies, cows, vegetables/lawn, flow-
ers; In private family; willing and obliging;
references; country preferred. Box 4642. Call.
OFFICE man ; wants position; foreign experi-
ence; banking,' commerce correspondent in
/several languages;. bank references. Address
box 4055, Call office. •
BUSINESS man wants management of estate,
ranch or hotel; references. Address box 4674.
Call office. -
TWO first-class mechanics .want pa-
perhanglng, etc.; city or country; price
moderate.- Box 4675. Call office. . . '
SITUATION by middle-aged single, man about
private • place; . good . driver; good gardener;
can milk; handy; good references. Box 4654.
Call office. . ¦ ¦
POSITION as cook for 24 students' or a ranch,
a camping or surveying party. ' Address box
4666, Call office. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Calf branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
- Valencia st. '. .
. ' FLATS TO LET. :
A— SEE the elegant new flats on Washington
St., near Lyon; 7 rooms, bath, marine view.
SPECK & CO., 6C7 Market St.-. v : - : -'-
A— BRAND new flats; £j to 8 rooms; 639 to 647
Frederick st. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A-^-C ALL and see us for new flats, ' cozy cot-
tages, houses. SPECK & CO... 667 Market st.
FURNISHED or unfurnished: beautiful new 6-
room flat; all rooms with bay-windows open-
ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
Hallon Haight-st. cars. 47 Portola St., cor-
ner Duboce Park, first . corner .west from
r Steiner and Waller sts. ¦ ' ; . .
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath. • $12 ; also 2-story
stable suitable for carpenter shop. $5;. Scan-
dinavian preferred. .924!. shotwell st.,- near
: Twenty-fourth; large garden. " ;
FILLMORE, -1236,; bet. Eddy and Turk— 7
¦rooms and bath; near carhouse; rent $25.
HAYES, 1749, near ' park — Modern sunny flat,
.. 5 rooms, bath; $20, water free.. s. .
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms find bath: large stable;
rent $25. . 2940 ' Howard, bet; 25th and 26th.
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $18. 1181 A Howard st.
FLATS TO I,t-M— KUIMSllUli.
MODERN .upper 6-room flat to let. furnished,
or will sell furniture; sun In.every room all
day. Call 119 Bartlett st.
'-.'¦ • -.-.'.¦¦ FINANCIAL.
PA^mC^tinJenvritnig^XTn^
have 42 offices In "operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
: or address main office. R07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold'; good projects wanted: Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Pet
" - PUUKITUKK FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co. . 1_!7-1131 Market.
.¦•';*¦ -l-'.lillMTORE WANTED. ¦
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission sti. ' pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. j
BIO price paid for rurr.iture for (JO days: speciul
reason*. WAUGH. . r. 415. Examiner bldg.
~~~ ; GLOVKS.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
warranted: kept In repair.' 121 Grant ave. -
.- ,-JIEia' .AVAVl'EU— l''KMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S.'. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. •
> '¦: Chambermeid to wait, summer resort. .. .$20
• Waitress, same place, see party here.:.. 20
Waitress, commercial .hotel, short ways.. 25
2 waitresses,, north, fare^pald. . .,. ..20'
• 2 waitresses, south, see party here : . . 25 j
Chambermaids; city and country.. $17 50, 20 i
Chambermaids to wait. 20 j
Young girl as bell girl. ..... J 10
Cook, springs, fare advanced. .~. .'.:. . . 35 j
- Laundress, country hotel.". . .'. ;.....; 25 I
¦ •¦•'¦ FAMILY DEPARTMENT. \
I Swedish • second girl, choice place, ! country,
tv/o In family, see party, here, $25; cook,
Haywards,. American- family, see party here,
$25 ; : cook and second girl, nice : f maily, city,
• v$45; housegirls; second girls, -city .and' coun-
I try. C. R. HANSEN -& CO. ,, 104 , Geary St. ,
WILL open t up ¦¦¦ ready; . for f business Monday
•• morning, April 7, '. in .-. our : new office, 429
'Bush street, between Kearny and Grant nve.,
, opposite California Hotel; where we . shall
be pleased to see all our old patrons and the
• I-ubllc In- general. .-: • • . ; . v . .-
. ," " C. R. HANSEN & CO.
A-^TWO "more, extra .waitresses/. . five . days'
. work, $1 60 per day and free fare both ways,'
'. . fare ' advanced, start .Monday ' morning. . .
, .C.R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st. .:
A— HEAD waitress, . who ''•¦ \ understands - check
; work to go south, no Sunday.. we rk. $10 week.
. , " C. R/ HANSEN' &CO./104 Geary st.
MRS..M/E. DAY..... .;..'. .;Phone Main 1575
• ... ..... . .HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . .... ....
Head waitress, springs;! 6 waitresses, first-
class i springs, $25; 25 waitresses, flrst-ciass I
commercial and resort: and ;city . hotels; ¦ $20 '
and $25; waitress; $20; "chambermaid to walt; ;
- i $20, ' same : hotel, fare paid ; : 2 - chambernia Ids
; to wait, • $20; 2 chambermaids," $18 and $20
; . . ; :. . . . . :family,.: department. . .•-.-; . . . .
i 6 l 'housegirls,-i$25 and :$30, -city; - house?irl 3
In family, Mill Valley, i $30: many ¦ others.
. MRS. M.E. DAY,; 335, Geary st.
A— CHAMERMAID to assist waiting,' wages j
; $20 to ' $25,' ¦ meet party, here; \ working house- '
;. keeper, .rooming house,: $25; 'German Catholic 1
governess, \ salary >$30; waitress;: • restaurant \
¦„ , $6 <! per. 1 , week. ¦ •:: Coast Employment'.'- Co., -502 I
; iTaylor st.V cor.' Geary, ; MESSRS. KERR &
i ¦ CPZZENS, ; Proprietors. : y Tel. a Black 2194. :¦.. ;
FIRST-CLASS sewers to take work home on
t j corded ' sunbonnets. • waists; etc. H.' FRIED-
;;,LANDER, 338 Fell: st/ : - ,. ¦', r . .;¦:;;. :.- .r * .
WANTED— Woman to assi3t ' in small fair.ily;
' .good home. "2710 : California. st.-", •.
: vrks. ; take charge of private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo.; course $5: day. eve. class:
-" bring ad;worth SI. College.233 Geary, r.13-15.
FINISHERS on coats and pants, steady work !
; guaranteed. , BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. ¦ . ¦ • __
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests, steady work
guaranteed.. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 511
Market st. ' ' " • '
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces- I
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32'/. Fremont :
St., MR. DAVIS. I
HAIRDRESSING, massage, manicuring,!
bleaching, dyeing, switches, etc.: 2 wks..l5.-'
College. 1236 Market- st.. rm. 94; splendid
positions waiting; day; evening. ¦ • j
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit altera- j
tion hand. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS'. / . '¦ 1
WANTED-^Saleslady for ribbon department; j
must be experienced. Address F. C. & CO., |
box 4707. Call office.' ' ' j
EXPERIENCED fitter on clcaks. Call at the :•
office of M. SIMINOFF bet. 1 and 2 p. m.,
j 1228 Market st. - j
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty j
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32% Fremont St.. MR. DAVIS. I
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' silk shirt !
waists; steady work; good pay. S. F. Mfg. I
¦ Co., 523 Market st. . \
WANTED— Three Protestant girls, pantry and !
» ' dining-room, institution, Alameda County, j
$20. Address E. P., box 4734, Call office. j
WANTED — Experienced shirt makers. EAG- !
LESON & CO., 535 Market st. j
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty j
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &!
CO., 32ft Fremont st., MR. DAVIS.
¦ |
WANTED — Good hand on dressmaking. <S2 |
1 Geary St.. bet. Hyde and Leavenworth. j
! PIKST-CLASS alteration hands on cloaks. M. |
SIMINOFF. 1228 Market st. •
APPRENTICE girl; plain sewing. 1817 Devls- |
: adero st. ; call after 0 o'clock. > j
BUTTONHOLE makers and apprentice on j
vests; good wages. 766 Geary st. j
YOUNG woman to train for nurse in general j
hospital; name, address. Box 4736. Call. -
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not nece3- |
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont i
St., MR. DAVIS. ."¦:-- ' :- !
COMPETENT girl, housework and cooking for j
2; cottage. Apply mornings, 1922 Baker st. i
WANTED — Mllliner"s apprentice;, one that can !
sew. 1C03 Fillmcre et. . . - - . < j
BRIGHT young girl to press children's wear. .
220 Sutter St., room 25. ¦ _ |
EXPERIENCED waist trimmers and finishers,
also sleeve finishers wanted. COX, 1514 Pine. [
GIRLS. 14 to 17, for factory work; apply at!
once. AMES & HARRIS. J.00 Sacramento st. |
. • j
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentice i
wanted. BUSWELL CO.. 530 Clay st. !
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. BELASCO j
& HARRIS CO.. 541. Market st. . ¦¦ -
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short- j
; hand speed class, $2 ino. 927 Market., r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions ' has been I established at 1096 •
Valencia st. ~* ¦ ¦ - j
j i
Ul£Ll* WA.M'liU- — MAX.K. j
A— MURRAY & READY. . . .Phone , Main 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7. a. m. I
. Nevada.. . ¦ j
Free : - . State of Nevada
1000 R. R. Men — Free fare. i
Carlcad team.ners driller*
Carload of laborers '. : . . .roCkmen i
/ Extra gang Wages $2 to $3 50 day ,
', Ship.. Morn and Night!
Free Fare Free j
.t ¦ * ¦¦ - |
Camp cooks, Nevada '. Free fare i
Man and wife take charge small country
store; woodturner for planlne-mlll. $3 day: i
".— agenmaker. camp; 2 carriage painters; 4[
miners, good mine, south, $75; 2 single-hand .
mlrcrs, $75: wheelwrights, $2 50 day; 4 la- !
borers, no experience, mine, $42 and fd. ; 25 j
labortis, city and country, $1 75 to $2 day; :
'5 sera ;>er teamsters ........?1 75 day i
Saw mills '. . : . Yards Woods j
5 laborers, no experience required, to work'
in mills and yards, $26 to $30 and fd.; 5 la- :
Jwreri?, build roads in woods, $35 and f d. : ¦ 25 !
farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $26-$30; i
21 milkers, $30 and $35 and fd. ; 10 choremen j
and boys; lAitterniaker. small place, $30; 50 ;
woodchopp-Jrs ...'..' cheao fares )
- : 20 lcborers for factory, no experience re- '
quired ......... \f\ $1 50 day •
Hotel Department." \
Cook and helr>er. nlam country hotel, $70: ;
second. cook, country. $35; second and third
bakers, $30. and $35; 2 saloon Dorters, $20
and Si'5; !> cooks. 7 waiters, kitchen help,
ttc. MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
A— ......... '.-....:'. SPECIAL :... j
First and second cooks, R. R. camp, $75 and !
-$50 and fd.; free fare. MURRAY & READY, i
- fj34-C30 Clay St. I
! BUTLER, $50 and found; cook and. wife, coun- j
• try hotel, S85; hotel cook/country. $40; res- 1
taurant cook. $12 week ; restaurant waiter; |
pot washer, ?25. and found; pantryman; dish- |
washers arid others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., •
028 Sacramento st. ¦ • I
2 BURLEIGH drill .miners, .S3 day; 3 miners, I
.,$2 CO to S2 75 day: 5 more laborers for mill.
$26 to $30 -'and found, fare advanced: car-'}
• ¦ riage blacksmiths, woodworkers and painters i
at poing- waees; ~20 , woodchoppers, 8Oc- to i
$1 50 cord: '15 railroad- laborers, .teamsters]
• and drillers, $2 to $2 25 day. free fare ; 2
i. carpenters. ?3 50 day. and others. J. F. i
CHOSETT& CO./ C2S Sacramento st.
'TFARMEnS and wives, .S35 and $40; cheese
i' maker, .*35; cheese maker and wife,' $40; 2
i ranch teamsters. .«S0 and $32 50: farmers, i
j $23: milkers. $30;, choreman. $20;-:choreboy, |
private family.- $15 and found; stableman for
country, #30, and others. ' J. F. CROSETT
I l& CO., C2S- Sacramento st. ; -
AT THE ' CALIFORNIA EMP.^AGENCY. " .-
- 59 Third st., near Call bldg.;! phone Bush 405.
.RAILROAD LABORERS ........
. . . . . .FREE FARE. . . . . .FREE FARE.
B00 teamsters. ...'...'.I. .'.$2 to $2 50 per day
Gang of laborers... .•...;'.. $2 to $2 25 per day
.;......:.......: Ship Dally. . .... ...
. . . . . .'.FOR THE LUMBER WOODS. . ......
- ........... FARE ADVANCED.. :
: 20 men for railroad work for large lumber
\ % I company, north, ship to-day, $20 per month
'and board. ,-:' . v - .-
20 sawmill and woodsmen, fare advanced, $26
to $65 per month and aboard. -
Milkers and plowmen." $30 to $40 per month;
2 mason's helpers, 1 - $2 per: day; 2 ,men« to
plow orchard. $1 per . day . and board, fare
paid. . CAL. - EMP. AGENCY, . 50 Third st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.— Second |
j cook, $60; , fry cook, : 560 ;•- cook and dish- i
washer, country I hotel. $60; man - and : wife, j
country. hotel, $60; hotel waiter., $30; 2 extra \
- 'waiters, $2 50; waiter/ $7 week; young man '
for country .. restaurant, $20; elevator and
bell boys. $10 to $15. etc. ¦ >-*V; ; vj/', .-:,.
i A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery,; rm. 12.
-,, 2 waiters, country; near city, $30; dishwasher
¦ ft and vegetable man, $30. : • ; , " ¦• .- : . > ' ¦
WANTED — A young man between the ages of!
'¦ 16 ¦ and •> 18 years , to run ; elevator; one who
• ' has ; had ; experience In , running an-, electric
elevator • preferred. • 'Apply at 7 :30 a, m. at
< S. N. r W0OD & CO., ,718 Market; st. :-.".• ;
! WANTED— Salesman i furnishing department,
j Apply, S.N.. WOOD & CO.*/ 718 Market' st. '¦
j FIRST-CLASS i operator .wanted : . good wages ;
• steady job. S. N.. WOOD & CO. 1 , 27 Geary st.
TWO bright j young ¦ men. , 18 - years ¦ of age; for
1 work'-' In . our J shipping department. • < Apply
-¦- Monday, i between 10 and 12 a. v im.- Standard
.Shirt Factory;. corner. Gough and Grove'sts.-. *
WANTED — A r reliable man with $125 to Invest
• ; In old-established business that; will pay; him'
• $65 per month;' no > experience required; light
: work." 1 Particulars at 1016 Market st ' ¦•!• mih
! Jisned 8 years; laundry ornce pays rent ana
light; clears from $90 to> $100 per month; one
week's trial given; cause sickness; price $150.
! Address box 4728, Call office.
: BARBER shop for sale; best bargain in city;
two hydraulic chairs; place established for
tv-enty years; owner sick.' For particular
call corner Seventh and Market sts.. S. F.
WANTED — Boy to learn a trade. -Apply
-Superintendent, bet. 9 and 10 a. m., THOS.
DAY CO., 725 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED hand Ironers on new shirts.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough ard
Grove sts. -. •
WANTED — Good all-round tailor to go to coun-
, try; nearby Town. Call DETMER Woolen
Co., 643 Market et. j
; PROFESSIONAL vaudeville people for high
class comedy company, immediately. Box
I 4715. Call office. ..
! WANTED — A bright young man between 18
j and 20 years of age for office work; must be
'.. good at figures. Apply box 4752, Call office.
i BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 1608
j -Devisadero St., bet. Sutter and Post.
; BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 137 Tay-
I lor St., near Eddy.
I BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
; 40S& Sixth st. -
! BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 414 Mont-
1 gomery ave.
' BARBER wanted for Saturday and' Sunday.
; 1205 Market st.
i GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday, $5.
I 704 Brannan St., north side.
j GOOD barber wanted for Saturday; wages $3,
i 322 Grant ave.
I WANTED — Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
| day at 413 Broadway.
j WANTED — First-class demonstrator. Apply
I between 8 and 11 a. m. at Hale Bros."
| GOOD 4-horse teamster. E. D. FIELD, 2500
j Clay st.
Et'SHELMAN wanted immediately. Golden
Eagle Clothing Store. 104 Kearny st.
i WANTED — Strong boy about 18 or 19. Box
I 4746. Call office. ,__
. PROFESSIONAL hypnotist wanted at room 5,
i Brunswick Hotel, Sixth st.
j WAITER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave. ; $5
' per week and found.
i . ____
j DISHWASHER wanted. 400 Tenth st.
! NO. 1 horseshoers. G. F. COOK.^527 Four-
! teenth st.
: WANTED — Night cashier and a bellboy at 29
Stockton st.
| WANTED— Good waiter at 475 Seventh St.,
i Oakland.
I .
j BLACKSMITH'S helper on wagon work. 837
; Brannan st. ¦
i PARTNER — Light, profitable business; able to
; advance $75. FRASER, 940 Mission st.
BILL clerk wanted. Address, stating age and
j experience, box 4671. Call.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and rock men"' wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadswdrth, Nev. ;• wages, $2 per day;
board, $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
! company will refund same after 26 days. E.
; B. & A. L. STONE CO., 900 Broadway, Oak-
S land. Cal.. ¦
j WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
j S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
! Inch; able to speak and read English. For
j further Information apply at the Recruiting
I Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
j MEN. to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
! mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
I catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
| LEGE. 635 Clay st, .
¦ WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
> that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
( runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
I. rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ,
I A FIRST-CLASS carriage painter, $3 60 per
¦ ' day; also good boy In carriage shop; refer-
j encts. Address box 4552. Call office.
i BARBERS— Want to sell a half-Interest in a
i good paying country shop and baths. Ad-
| dress box 7040, Call office. .
• CARRIAGE body . maker . and painter.
I O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave. "and Polk st.
i BOY to learn pressing on coats. BELASCO
; & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
! CLERK for small corner grocery; wages $25.
i Box 466S. Call.
i i •
j PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD,
¦ 024 Markt.: Dast com. Watterson Post.G.A.R.
i 100 MEN for steamers going north; must be
! over 21. At HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
i SAILORS — Green hands for all parts of the
world. Apply at aelnts. 213 ' Broadway.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
big. Fast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
I WANTED — A boy about 10 for wholesale house.
' Address box 4525. Call office.
{ COATMAKER and pant? and vest maker for
j the country. Apply REISS BROS.'. 24 Sutter.
! WANTED — 00 men to take lodging in Cain-
j .bridge Hou«e. f>43 Howard; changed hands.
I 5C0 MEN to buy new and 2d-haud army shoes,
' 50c up; soling COc up. 923 Howard St.; nr. 5th.
I YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
j mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
j SAILORS, ordinary., for ships for all parts of
| the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
, to 50c. 5C3 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d st3.
WINCHESTER House. 14 Third st..~near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j- received at Call branch office. ,2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 103U
Valencia st. . . .j •
HORSES ANIJ WAGONS."
N0W~HERK~ "~~ " " "
20 horses from 1100 to 1700 lbs; 1 Electioneer
by Don Marven; three by Nutwood Boy
• record > 2 :22 ; - also 1 Norman stallion SUL-
LIVAN'S Hay Barn, Mission road above
Courtland ave. ... .¦¦-,-
A LOT of horses tor sale at Arcade Hors-
_ Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons
-harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesdav
at 11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
GOOD . second-hand . . light -, closed carriage
leather top surrey and phaeton, bike cart and
Bailey pneumatic buggy; cheap. O'BRIEN'S
j Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade
r .well-t roken . carriage, wagon, work and driv-
{ ing horses of all grades, sizes and style
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
I MARE, $10; buggy, $15; heavy single harness
: $12 aO; cut-down express. $125. 79 City Hali
.avenue. : ¦ . . „¦ - .
WELL-MATCHED black team: single; double:
,- youngr sound: gentle: 105O lbs each: cheap;
suitable surrey or buggy. 123 City Hall ave.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College Fourth ses-
S on r b 5F ln £,£y n £ ft ' Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec,,. 510 Golden Gate gve.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard— Just arrived,
several fine road and ; business horses, new
bugglen and harness. 1490 Market, cor. 11th.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey,harness.work,drlvlng horses. 15th&Valencla
AN,A No. 1 express, wagon, single; also light
*- camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET—FURNISHED.
A— FURNISHED residences and flats* •» '"all
I .parts of the city, $30 to $350; call to "see us;
. .-- we can suit you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
.MISSION, 1 2324, near Twentieth— Furnished 7
• rooms and bath; rent reasonable
turn to 516 Cole St.; liberal reward.
LOST — Sunday, plain gold locket. Initials M.
B. M. NORTON. 122-132 Sutter st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch case?.
/ MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887: reliable- and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MISCELLANEOUS— ¦^FOJR^S^AXE.^^
BOILERsPensTnes. 2d-hand machinery. McLV-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
48xl6-INCH air receiver and fitting; 36xl4-lncl»
air receiver and fittings; 54_16-lnch oil tank
and connections; 4Sxl6-lnch oil tank and con-
• nectlons; square and round tanks, all sizes.
54x16 inches; return tubular boiler, all com-
plete; Atlas engine. Dow pump, all second
hand. 130-132 Beale St.. H. S. WHITE.
WOULD like to sell gold watch chain and
charm, diamond ring, diamond earrings, dia-
mond pendant to private party. Box 4743.
Call office.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
FOR sale at a bargain— High-class automo-
bile: good as new. Call on or address TILI«-
MANN & BENDEL. 313-327 Battery st.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $63. Port- \
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton St..
$40 — FRENCH range; 8-foot; second hand.
HOCKING & ADAMS. 3S8 Geary st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FOR SALE^ — Brooding and chicken, house,
cheap. 1571 Railroad ave., Alameda.
$10 — DOMESTIC sewing machine in good order.
1571 Market St., near Twelfth.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 519 Market.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine:
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers : second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beate st.
SAFES — New and second hand. . THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
- MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. . *
WE pay $5 per 100 for names; send 10c for
blank book and particulars. The- French
Chemical Co., 241 N. Fifth st., Phila.. Pa.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress. and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — A sood upright piano; must b«
very cheap for cash. Address Upright, box
4610, Call office. ___________
A RARE collection of old coins for sale; from
100 to 1800 years old. 90S^ Howard st.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
sklns; send postal; will call. Box 4337. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition- FarnsworthElectricalWks..41STurk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tel. Jessie 2S31.
MONEY TO LOAN.
: A^HER^A^TMljR?H^r^01^eW^xa_jlneTbdi
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates ...«•
On First and Second Mortgages «
On Life Interests In Estates........
Property Being Held in Trust.......
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and size*.
, IF YOU NEED MONEY
.See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.). *
$300,000 at 5Vx &°d 6 per cent in sums to suit;
Citv Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
- chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co.,
Tel. R«d 5024; 7th floor. Crocker building. ¦
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages............
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN -
24 Montgomery St., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 1<^
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain .
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4fl
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery st.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent, in sums to suit In city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortgs. R...J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur.
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest- rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 3&
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture pianos: no removal: low rates; connclen-
tia'l.' WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S F DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room &>.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privats
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2% without removal: no
' brokerage" charged: confidential: open eves.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; al3O ea3y payment loana.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com-: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. vS Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates: pianos
& furniture; no^ removal. Garthels. 208 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st-,_J__L
Money loaned salaried people .without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on "note without
Indorser. MORP.ELL. COSj; Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and planes: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 17C9. Room SI, 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want n home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL.,222 Sansome st.
LOANS money. on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co. . GC9 Phelan. bldff.
MONEY WANTED.
MONEY wanted — S12.500 on No. 1 mining
property; good Interest. Add. box 4749, CaU.HOTEL .ARRIVALS.
tf- , f T 'X : NEW HOTEL.
H :B Rosener, . Denver
G ; H • Gerlineyer, . Ohio
E : B '; Delk, v ..Va :•:.-- .
Z -. E Buckncr, W'illeta
F.-L>Bronson.« Uklah >
E -Hegner, >Calv.
J ; Creeghton, • Cinn ¦
D Emdee. Ind
H'T. Ames,'- Chicago
E - P^ Belllnck, > N • Y;
M i'Argall, Carters
D ; Brown, ; Carters .
E Simmons,: Carters"'
J.H/VVyln. Stockton "
B Smlthson A'W^Cal
W- Rexford & : w.-> Colo
J"J Miller & w.-Kan
E : E Shedd Jr. : Ohio
D M ' Russell, . Portlnd
C T Codori. Stockton
FRIDAY,
APRIL 4.
*cTty and County of San Francisco to Samuel
C. Bigelow, 00-vara lot 3 in Western Addition
block 364; $ .
Samuel C. and Isabel O. Blgelow to Henri
Fabregue, lot on E line of Sterner street. 110
N of-McAllister. N 27:« by E 137:6; $10.
Albert M. Whittle to Elizabeth A. Whittle,
lot on NE corner of Haight and Clayton streets,
N 27:6 by E 100: gift. *
Crocker- Estate Company (corporation) to
Robert Pleper, re-record of 1837 D. 321, N line
of Frederick street, 44:4% E of Shrader. E 75
by N 100; $10.
Jeremiah K. Shuey to Catherine Cadigan and
Mary E. Rogers, lot on E line of Shotwell
street. 185 S of Fourteenth, 3 25 by E 122:6;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to Joseph
ine S. O'Connor, lot on NW corner of Twenty
third and Mission streets, N 92 by W 125;
Alexander M. Athanaslade to Mary E. Athan
asiade (wife), lot on E line of Guerrero street,
251:10 S of Twenty-fifth. S 24:6 by E 125; gift.
Mary B. and W. P. Pratt to James H. Fo
garty, let on N line of Twenty-seventh street.
135 E of Dolores. E 25 by N 114; $10.
Clara and O. W. Turney to Mercantile Trust
Company, lot on N line of Chestnut street. 172
W of Stockton, W 103 by N 137:6; $10.
Aristlde Brand to Eugene C. Creller, lot on
SE corner of -Clay and Leavenworth streets, E
100 by S 35:6; $10.
Addle E. Armstrong (Smith) to Louise C.
Smith (single), lot on E line of Leavenworth
street, 60 N of Pine, N 26 by E 80, Quitclaim
deed: $10. .
Louise C. Smith (single) to William. H-
Payne, same; $10.
Anne Gallagher to Peter and Katie C. Weber,
lot on W line of Utah street. 75 S of El Do
rado. S 25 by W 100; $10. :i .- >
Estate of Thomas Keenan (by Delia Keenan.
administratrix) to A. H. Payson (trustee), lot
on E line of Minnesota street, 175 N of Nine
teenth, N 25 by E 100; $5925.
San Francisco and Fresno Land . Company
(corporation) to. Edward J. Le Breton, lot com
mencing 357:11 11-16 N of Lake street and 120
E of Fifth avenue. E 101:3%. N 376:10*4. SW
123:8%. SE 345:5%; also all interest In land
between S boundary of Presidio and W line of
Lake street, bounded on W by line 120 E of
Fifth avenue and on E by extension of Fourth
avenue; $10. ' \
Edward J. Le Breton to Home for the Aged
of the Little Sisters of the Poor, same; gift.
Ezra F.i and 'Mary L. Dennison to* San Fran
cisco Collateral Loan Bank, lot j on E liner ot
Tenth avenue, 310 S ot California street. E 120.
S C6:7, NW 120:2%, N 49:6; also lot on W line
of Ninth avenue, 225 N of -A street, N 100 by
¦W*. 120; $10.
Daniel J. Mahony to Edwin G. Knapp. lot on
SW corner of Corbett road and Clara avenue,
W 136 by S 3; also lot on NW corner of Corbett
road and Clara avenue, W 136 by N 3; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Henry
Young, tot on E line- of San Bruno road, 72 N
of Preclla- Valley lot 347, NE 22S, SE 30:6.
SE 109:6. SE105:6, SW 57, NW 150. N portion
of Preclta Valley lot 347; $2000.
1 Peter A. and Catherine Giannlni to Hans and
Ada M. PI a th, lot 8. -block 5, West End Map
2; $10. ..--,. .
Clementine E. Harrison (Bradfleld). wife of
Thomas R., to.W. .J. Nixon, lot on W corner
of Tenth avenue and J street, NW. 75 by SW
100,,- lot 1. block 1020, South San' Francisco
Homestead and- Railroad Association; also lot
on SW line of Fourteenth avenue, 225 S_l of H
street, SE 75 by SW 100, lot 5. block 284, South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; $10. •;•• ' . • - ¦ -
Timothy Weston to Frank W. and Samuel H.
Weston and Bethlan P. Thompson, lots 493.
495. 497, 499. 501 to 509 and 511, Gift Map 3;
also lot in Lone Mountain Cemetery; also prop
erty outside of county: $1. ¦ ¦ . . . ¦
Builders' Contracts,
Henry G. and Elisabeth Flske'to Estelle
Flske, lot on E line of Gultenberg street, 106:8
S'of Hanover, a S 106:6 by E 178, subdivision
193, West End Homestead; $10.
. W. •; B. ¦ Bouen (owner) with Electrical Engi
neering Company I (contractors),' Albert Sutton
architect — All work for an electric freight ele
vator and two hydraulic , ram elevators - for a
three-story and basement brick building on let
on SW line of East street, 91 :8 NW of Mis
sion.'NW 45:10 by SW 137:6; $2600.
Charles Newman (owner) with Ickelheimer
Bros, (contractors), 'architect J. F. . Dunn —
Plumbing,: gasflttlng, plumbing fixtures, . marble
wainscoting, gas and electric . fixtures and re
setting of toilet for a four-story ¦ brick build-
Ing at intersection ¦ of Market, Geary and
Kearny streets; $179*.
ItEAL ESTATE TBANS ACTIONS.
John Murray, the "wild man" of Tele
graph HI11 ( who gave three police officers
a lively chase when they went to capture
him, was committed to the insane asylum
at Mendocino yesterday by Judge Heb
bard. The old man fought the officers
while en route to the train.
McDonald in his defense claimed that
the "maintenance fund" of the play
ground showed a profit, but that if the
repairs and other expenses embraced un
der the head of "construction account,"
and which he claimed were absolutely
necessary, were considered, then it would
show a loss. One item that was strongly
objected to was the expenditure of nearly
$1000 for the furnishing of the apartments
occupied _by the matron- of the ground. -
After a careful study of all the circum
stances and an expression on the part of
all the Commissioners except McDonald
that the present plan was too costly it
was "decided that it would be to the best
interest of the park to return to the old
condition and lease the playground as a
concession. Definite action -will be taken
at a meeting to be held within the next
two weeks.
Mayor Schmitz was an interested par
ticipant in a special meeting of the Park
Commissioners held yesterday afternoon
for the purpose of considering the Ios3 of
revenue from the children's playground.
When Murphy, the former concessionaire,
lost the privilege, for which he paid $1000
a year, the playground was placed in
charge of Commissioner McDonald. A
number of improvements were made, but
JSOOO more than was received was ex
pended. This, with the loss of the $1000
paid annually by Murphy, represented a
total of J9000.
CHILDREN'S PI_A.YGROTJND
IS EXPENSIVE IiTJXTJRY
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
L A & P 5s.lO2% — (1905)Sr B.107)& —
Do lem 5s.lOO — (1906> .... — 100%
Mkt-st C 6a. — 130 (1912) ....119^121
Do lem 5s.l21%122 3 P of C 1st
NR of C 63.112 — cgntd5s..l20 —
Do 5s 121%122V* Do stmpd.lllW —
N Pac C 5s.l09%110}4 SP Br CaltJs.138 —
N R Cal 5s. 114J4 — S V Wat 6s. Ill 11H4
Oak Ga3 5s. — 113% Do 4a 2dm.lO2^1O3Vi
Oak Trn 6s..l23% — Do 4s 3dm.lO2& —
Do 1st c5s.113% — Stkn G&E63.102 104
Oak W G 5s. — 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77 77% Port Costa.. 6314 66
Marin Co 60 — Spring Val.. 93 Vi 93%"
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2Vi — Pac Light... 43 —
Eqt G L Co. Z% 3% Sac E G&R. 29% —
Mutual — 4*4 S F G & E.. 42% 43^i
O G L & H. 56% 57^/2 S F G L Co. 5^4 6
Pac G Imp.. 36% 88 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 ¦-
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 89 90% L P & A. ...166 170
California ..425 429 Mer Ex (loq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. 117ft — ' S F Nationl.140 —
First Natlonl — — H&'l
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....2000 — : Sav & Loan. 19O--
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav — 340
Mutual Sav. SO 87% Union Trust. — 1820
S F Sav U..52O
STREET RAILROADS.
California .".1G5 — IMarket .....10O —
Geary — 60 I Presidio .... 30 —
POWDER.
Giant 79% 81 Vigorit ..... — 4
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — IKllauea .... — 9»i
Hawaiian ..33- — Makawell ... 22% 23V*
1 Honokaa. ... 10% 11^1 Onomea 23 —
Hutchlnson . 11% — 'Paauhau ... 11& 12
¦•'- ;¦•""¦ . 'MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.161^163 Pac A FA.. 2% 3^
Cal Fruit As. 103 104 , Pac C Borx.165 --
Cal Wine As 99%100 .Par Paint .. 18 —
Oceanic S Co 34 — I .
Morning Session.
Board — .
15 S V. Water.! 93 25
15 Alaska Packers* Assn .......162 OO
65 California Fruit Canners 103 0O
390 Equitable Gas 3 25
100 Equitable Gas r. it 55
40 Giant Powder Con 79 75
35 Makawell 23 00
$1000 S F and S J V 121 37%
$5000 S F and S J V 121 DO
S1000 S P or Arizona, 1909 113 75
$4000 S P of Arizona. 1910 114 A2%i
$1100 U S 3a (coup).. 100 25 .
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers* Assn 162 50
5 California Fruit Canners' 103 50
50 Equitable Gas 3 50
10 Makawell 23 00
45 S V Water »3 25
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 121 75
$1000 N P C R R 5s 110 00
S100O Oceanic S S 100 75
$3000 Sacramento Elec, Gas and Ry5s.l0O no
$300O S P of Arizona. 1909 113 75
$4000 S P Cal, 1st con 53 (stamped)... Ill C2^i
Street—
5 Bank of California 427 75
10 Giant Powder Con 79 75
$11,000 S F and S J V 121 50-
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board —
500 Occidental of W Va. b 30 19
200 Petroleum Center.. ©j»
1000 Petroleum Center, cash lift .
50 San Joaquin Oil and Dev 6 25
200 Sovereign 2»
1000 Sterling • 1 4<»
500 Sterling, b 60 1 45
200 Sterling 1 4214
- 1000 Superior 05
- Afternoon Session. -
450 Home Oil..* S 70
500 Oll-Clty 13
Board —
200 Reed ST.
100O Sterling, b 60. ...T.Z7tirr:7..'.... 1 47%,
2000 Junction 20
6230 Petroleum 1O
1000 Petroleum, b 90.'. 11
6000 Petroleum, s 90 10
' 100 Petroleum, s 80 10
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock ant Exchange Board yester
day :
\ Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.l 35 500 Potosl 15
1500 Gould & Cury 08 500 Savage 04
500 Mexican 44 50O Sierra Nevada 25
300 Ophlr 95 600 Union Con. ... 28
400 Overman 18 '
Afternoon Session. •
100 Crown Point.. 02 50 Potosl li
100 Opair 97 100 Savage 01
The following were the sales on the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday : —
Morning Session.
200 Belcher-."..*... 09 300 Ophlr 95
200 Best & Belch. 23 200 Ophir 96
500 Best & Belch. 26 200 Overman .... IS
500 Con C & V.I 32% 200 Potosl ....... 15
, 50O Gould &. Cury 08 500 Potosl U
5«)6 Justice 09 100 Union Con. ... 28
Afternoon Session.
700 Best & Belch. 20 10O Poto.l 16
100 Caledonia 41 100 Potosl : * 15
1500 Con C & Va.l 32% 300 Savage 04
200 Ophir.. 87 200 Silver Hill ... 47
FRIDAY, April 4 — 1 p. nv
-Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha .'. 02 O3|Justice 09 10
Alta 05 06iKentuck ..... — . 01
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash... — 04
Belcher ...... 09 10;Mexican 44 45
Best & Belch. 26 27i Occidental ... 08 09
Bullion .. 02 , W Ophir .... 96 98
Caledonia .... 40 41 Overman ltt 17
Challenge Con 15 17 Potosl 14 1»
Chollar ....:•. 12 13! Savage 03 04
Confidence ... 6O 64 Scorpion — .04
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 35; Sear Belcher .. 01 . OU
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nev.... 24 2B
Con New York 01 02 Silver Hill ... 45 47
Crown Point . 02 031 St. Louis .... 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 -^-'Syndicate •.. .. 06 —
Exchequer ... — - 01| Union Con ... 24-23
Gould & Cury OS 09:Utah .....:... 04 05
Hale&Nor... 22 ¦ 24 Yellow Jacket IS 14
Julia • — O4|
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
BENDIXSEN ESTATE SUED.— William A.
Mitchell is suing Emma Bendixsen. adminis
tratrix of the estate of the late H. D. Bendix
sen, for $2175 he alleges is due him for serv
ices rendered and money, advanced the de
ceased.
The Merchants' Exchange members will
have a benefit association, the purpose of
which is to secure benefits to the families
of members who may die. There is a sim
ilar institution connected with the Chi
cago Board of Trade. A meeting waa
held yesterday afternoon in the rooms of
the Chamber of Commerce, at which the
articles of incorporation of the Mer
chants' Exchange Benefit Association
were discussed and put in shape for ill
ing. Herman Eppinger presided and T. C.
Friedlander was the secretary. The ar
ticles provide that there shall be no cap
ital stock. The limit for membership is
placed at fifty-five years. In general the
plan is similar to that" of other benefit
associations.
MERCHANTS' EXCHAHGEl
MEMBERS PI_A2^ BEITSTPm
DEER LODGE, Mont, April 4.— Clinton
Dotson was hanged to-day at ll;20 a. m.
for his participation in the murder of his
father. Dotson went to the scaffold with
out fear or trembling. Just before the
trap was sprung he confessed to the
crime. He slept until within a half hour
before he was led out to the scaffold.
His neck was broken by the fall.
The crime for which Dotson paid the
extreme penalty of the law to-day waa
one unique in criminal annals. Dotson
was serving a life sentence T!or the mur
der of Eugene Cullinane, an old placer
miner of Washington Gulch.. Cuhinane
was said to have secreted in his cabin
vast wealth as the result of his mining
and this Dotson is supposed to have been
after. Cullinane was ambushed and shot
down near his home. Dotson's father, a
neighbor of Cullinane, was one of the
principal witnesses against him at the
Jaines McArthur was Dotson's cellmate
in the penitentiary, and with «Um Dotson
plotted the crime for which he died. Mc-
Arthur was serving a short term, and
upon his release from prison was to pro
ceed -to Washington Gulch, assassinate
Dotson's father and pin on the body a
confession declaring that the elder Dot
son had murdered CuUinane and that the
son was innocent of the crime. This con
fession it was expected would free Dot
son.
Dotson promised McArthur half of $15,
000 which he claimed he had buried in
Wyoming after he had killed the old man.
' A convict in the penitentiary, in the cell
adjoining the conspirators, overheard the
plot, but did not inform, the authorities
until after the commission of the crime.
McArthur was hanged for this crime
September 6, 1901.
Dotson recently in a sensational appeal
to the Governor for clemency declared
that a plot existed in the penitentiary
whereby Warden Conley was to be killed
by McArthur in a plan for a general es
cape o* the prisoners.
Dotson declared McArthur alone was re
sponsible for the murder of both his
father and Culllnane. Dotson also claimed
McArthur confessed to him the killing of
a man whose remains were found near
Central Park in 1900. Dotson gave hi3
name as Allen and said his folks lived in
Walla Walla.
Clinton Dotson Is Hanged
for. Plotting the Death
of His Father.
Murderer Tells Story of
Crime Just Before the
Trap Is Sprung.
ADMITS GUILT
ON SCAFFOLD
J. W. Richards presided, aud the en
tertainment committee consisted of Ed
ward E. Baldwin, Henry Ililp and G. A.
Scheer.
Piano duet, waltz in A flat (MoskowskO.
Mrr. Leonard and Miss Hall: solo. "The
Quest," Miss Arden; violin solo "Mazurka"
(Musin), Miss Ethel Grant; solo, "Angel Sere
nade" (Braga), Mrs. McClure; cornet solo, Mi33
Elizabeth Dundon.
As a preface to Mr. Smith's talk, an
entertaining programme^of musical selec
tions was rendered. It included the fol
lowing numbers:
Mr. Smith touched the chords of pity
in his hearers' breasts when he described
the sufferings and privations that were
endured by the gallant boys who wore
the blue. In closing he paid a beautiful
tribute to the noble women of the North,
to whose unceasing labors, he said, waa
due in a srreat measure the suppression of
the rebellion. "England," he declared, "has
produced one Florence Nightingale, whila
the United .States has given birth to a
hundred thousand."
Frank W. Smith of Ohio gave a delight
ful talk on "In and Out of Andersonville"
before the members of the California So
ciety and their friend3 last night In Bal
boa Hall, . Native , Sons' building. The
speaker proved himself .a master of wit
and pathos and gave a very interesting
description of some of the thrilling events
of the Civil War. Andersonville, he said,
was the largest of the seventeen prisons
used by the Confederates. lie said it was
surrounded by three stpekades, the first
twenty feet in height, the second sixteen
feet and the last twelve feet, and the
whole surrounded by a ditch nine feet in
width. The famous prison was spread
over twenty- three acres of ground, and
the speaker stated that when he was im
prisoned in it there were 33,405 Union
men, more than~ thirty-three full regi
ments of 1000 men each, conflneer within
its narrow limits.
GIVES INTERESTING TALIC
ABOUT ANDEBSONVILLB
THE SAN FRANCISCO XJALL, SATURDAY, 5, 1902;
13
BORN, j ' : .U;* /r^J;p
GERUNOVICH— In this city, April' 4, 1002, to
the wife of S. T. Gerunovich. a son. . - '
Birth, marrlagre and death notices . sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices, and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. \
BIRTHS— MAREIABES— DEATHS.
JESSIE. 303, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. $5 and $6 per month.
REAL ESTATE.
SlIUl'RBAX
ROOMS AXD JIOARTX
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
'• electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
. first-class board; reasonable; phone South S2y.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROM AINE. 640 G. G. ave. ; tel. Polk 1423.
PAPERING room, walls. $3: painting. $1;
whitening, 75c. Satnuelson, 316 Golden Gate.
Booms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartrsan Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
PilM'LKS AXD DECORATORS.
OIL tar.ks. 2nd-hand. In good order; all elzes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale st.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $C0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California bL. for
pamphlets and information.
WANTED — Room and board by lady In ex-
change for new bicycle. Box 4708. Call. -~
ROOMS AXD BOARD , WASTED.
nooais wasted.
WANTED — Unfurnished room between Mason
and Jones, Post and California sts. ; $10.
Address 1222 Vallejo St.-
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
NEAREST THE CITY.
Telephone Bush 3G7.
Office, 916' Market Street!
Mt. Olivet
¦¦(Successor to Flannagan &¦ Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. <-¦ ..-'>-'-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.,% opposite. Lincoln School.
.; Telephone South 80. ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
.'. ' Samuel McFadden, 18 years' manager . for
the United. Undertakers' .Association; M. J.
McBrearty. -with. the > samd company for. 18
years ; i P. \ F: Green, late With ¦ J. C. * O f Con-
nor , & Co. , • have opened ¦ new - Funeral ' Par-
lors: at- 1171 Mission st., between Seventh
and Eighth. :;.'¦ Telephone South - 44. > ¦ . . •. .
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
REMOVED T
McGinn bros..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS • and , EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and. 226 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Edd^ St. -Tel. South 252.) '
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
OAKLAXU JErraOTITlflEtE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.', Oakland.
R. LXMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; ell druggists.
OFFICE of the Sierra . Railway- Company of
California.-. 229 Crocker bldg.,- San Francisco."
Cal.. April 1.' 1902-t-Coupon No. 10, due April
: 12 1902, from first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
of the -Sierra Railway Company 'of '• Calif or-
nla; will be paid at the fiscal agency of this
company,' the Crocker- Woolworth . National
Bank of San Francisco.;- Cal.; on and -after
- that date. S. D FRESHMAN, Treasurer.'
$47. r .O — Beautiful - new 0- room house, Just com-
pleted, on Eighteenth St., East Oakland •
strictly 'up-to-date; large lot; near churches
schools, electric cars and broad gauge; terms
reasonable. ¦ B. H. WELCH & CO., Fifth ave.
and Eighteenth st.
Xew pretty homes. 6 to 8 rooms; all, mod-
ern; prices moderate; vacant 40-foot lots- S«00
to $1000; elevated above the street and. Includ-
ing street work complete; on Merrimac or
Twenty-eighth St., between Telegraph * ave.
and Grove st. ; choicest and cheapest property
In Oakland; dose In and hRndy to schools
and churches. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premises or ¦ GEORGE W. AUSTIN '
.460 Tenth st, Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 00; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c AU druggists.
MASQUERADE coetumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
h* 1 *" to *t« natural color; $1; at all druggists.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheun iatlsm.etc 233 Geary.r.27.
6UPEKFLUOCS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mru.Traverse,1170 Market.
S4aequerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 28 O'Farrell; country orders.
Mrs. Brip-s — Euperfluoui hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 171» Buchanan: tel. West 259.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray. 457 Minna st.
r> ?;« T JP IELEl G * rm » n specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st., corner Mason.
IN the Supreme Court of New South Wales —
In . Divorce— Between FRANCES EMMA
AMELIA COHEN, Petitioner, and EDWARD
WILLIAM • COHEN, Respondent. . To ED-
WARD WILLIAM COHEN, late of Newcas-
tle, In the State of New South Wales.' Take
! notice that the said FRANCES EMMA AME-
LIA COHEN has commenced a suit against
you In this honorable, court and is | applying
for a dissolution of p marriag# on .the ground
of desertion without Just cause' or excuse
for* three years and upward; And take notice
that you are required to enter an appearance
to the said, suit at the proper office > of this
honorable court ; on or before I the I twenty-
fourth day of May next, and in the event of
ycur not doing so within : the time : limited
or obtaining further time the petitioner. will
proceed •• and • the suit be heard and - d? ter-
mlned your absence notwithstanding. A, copy {
of the petition filed herein may be Had : on
'application to the undersigned free of charge.
. HENRY ARCHDALL LANGLEY, Solicitor
for Petitioner, 105 Pitt street, Sydney. ¦;¦ For
¦ the / Registrar JOHN, GEORGE LEARY
(L.S.), Chief Clerk. - : . .. :
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS
$1250 — Choice speculation; plain old cottage
of 5 rooms, on lot 25x75 feet; in the heart of
town; will rent for $10 per month; 10 per cent
per annum on investment; payment can be ar-
ranged. GEO. W. AUSTIN,'
' 460 Tenth et.
Bank sale — Monthly payments to suit you;
small cash payment; 6 rooms, all modern; short
walk trom Adeline station; total $2400.
$1400 — Close to San Pablo ave. ; house of 7
rooms and bath; all In first-class condition;
street work complete; east of San Pablo ave.
4C0 Tenth street.
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
«cmo:es destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
A ~_F your hair in falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.E.Moore.332O'Farrell; send for circular.
fcCPERFLUOUS hair ana moles destroyed with
*>ectrtc needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
A echool to Jearn halnSresslng. hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
btt. Polk and Van Nese. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1212 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver.
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
et W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
•r YPE WRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRTTERS^We
-. sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 2C6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
AT lets than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly). The
. New Century (weekly) ; write for samply
copies and book list to The Thecsophical
Publishing Company, International Head-
quarters of Universal Brotherhood and Theo-
sophlcal Society. Point Loma, Cal. -.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment-
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Market.
THEOSOPHICAL LITERATURE
A THOROUGHLY well built house of 11 room*,
bath. etc.. on the sunny side of street and
near the university and Head seminary; lot
100x130; a gentleman's' home. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
? — WHAT do you think T O. BERMAN, 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order: $1 each;
tame as white chirts; selection 300 patterns.
TO LEASE— Kenilworth Inn; romantically sit-
uated in Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; 40
rooms; steam and hot water baths; electric
lights; ht-aters throughout: elevators, etc. ;
rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE. Hi)
Montgomery st.' ¦ :%.B^r**Vs3«*BlS_iES '
TO LEASE.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st-. near Market; 700 rooms;
£5c to $1 50 per night; $1 &0 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
sewered: corner lot. 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700— $500 cash, . balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Aehby ave., near Berkeley
train. ¦
$1750 — $550 cash, balance fiat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company, 39 Nevada - block,
Ban Francisco.
WHY rues*? You can be certain of style and
fit by using: Standard Patterns. April pat-
tern* and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS, Domestic office, 1021 Market. nr.6th.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
115; with these suits we make an extra, pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L, LEMOS. 1117 Market
•t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS\
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co., 030 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
- pany, 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
EVERYBODY cays, Mr. Lederer. your hair
dressing is the best in the city and you
only charge 2Gc; shampooing. 50c; hair diled
in 10 minutes; manicuring 25c G. LED-
KRER. 123 Stockton St.
W>. NTED — A nice and well built modern house
cf 7 rooms and bath with sunny exposure,
that has been built-in the last three years,
for cash. Address box 4704. Call office.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
PERSONALS.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates ; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black 561.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market, S. F., & San J.
SEWISG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
Mi;;:. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4.
Post St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALT & CARR. 6 Eddy St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5SS0.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors S» and 10, The Vendome. ljO4 Market
et.; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. : horoscopes cast
by mail, $1; palmistry taught.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
160 ACRES in Tuolumne County, partly cleared
and fenced; plenty of wood, timber and
water: also gold bearing ledge crossing ranch;
C miles from R. R. depot; for $1200. Box
3396. Call office.
PALMISTHY.
Florist Co.
Sf. } ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS .
" Prices Reasonable .,
107 POWELL ST.nurELUS 2BE 5056
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. <n wrapper for mailing. $1 per vear.
POLHEMUS Tract, near Menlo and Fair
Oaks — 2% acres and upward; pure water; de-
lightful location; one mile westerly from
Fair Oaks: now is the time to buy; $200 per
acre, quarter cash; trains every hour; cheap
fare: double railroad track and electric road
In near future; go down Sunday: delightful
outing; agent on ground Sunday. WM. GOR-
DON GRIFFITH. Hearst building.
JOHNSON. The. COS O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
LARGE store with, basement. Just below Kear-
r.y, to lease; also office rms. 636 Clay, na. 1.
VAN NESS. 607— To a refined couple; large
sunny parlor, with board, in private home.
EMMA EPRECKELS building, 827 Market St.—
Light, cheerful officee, $15@$25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
I_VRGE bright and airy store with large base-
ment, close to new Crocker Hotel; fine loca-
tion in a business district; 3 blocks from
Market st. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY— For Sale
A DELIGHTFUL country place. 160 acres;
elevation 2000 in mountains; 4 miles south
Mountain View; within 3 hours of Sat
Francisco; grandest sanoramlc view in
State; attractive surroundings; 3 fine springs;
a perfect health home; small cottage; excel-
lent stable; necessary outbuildings; 4 acres
assorted orchard: 4 acres bearing vineyard;
must sell; great bargain. See owner from 9
to 11 a. m., 238 Montgomery, FLINN, HAR-
RINGTON & CO. ..
Erais. Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter,712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦••• v ¦¦ . • •• ' i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
TO order; al6O cleaned and sterilized ; uphol-
tttry;.Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
tt.; tel. Bush 421.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1: rent $00 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD, San Anselmo.
Vendome. 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; f urn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
MATTRESSES A.VD PILLOWS.
$5000 — NEW 8- room colonial res. N.E. cor. 8th
ave. & Lake St.; 50x72; fin., attic, basement.
SUTTER, 1022',i. nr. Hyde— Large double par-
lors, furnished; sun all day; phone.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. ,old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, £ Latham place.
15500— MUST be paid; $3000 cash only; rents
tCO. Apply on premises, 2623 Sutter St.. near
Lyon.
STOCKTON, ' 603 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; single, suite; also housekpg rooms.
EARGAIN. gre2t sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
8 LEADING pianos — Steinway, Chickering.
Weber; other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
APPRECIATED If seen: new, elegant sunny
modern cottage: 6 large rooms and bath; San
Jose ave., near Valley St.. bet. 2Sth and 29th;
Guerrero-st. cars pass door.
PARTY poing to locate in London must sacri-
fice handsome upright piano. 811 O'Farrell.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week; $2
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
BARGAIN — New house ol 6 rooms and' bath;
all modern improvements, besides store and
living-rooms in lower floor; cheap; easy
terms. See owner on premises NW. corner
Chenery and Fairmount fits.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms -and
offices; elevator, clec. lights; day, .week, mo.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
rer.tins pianos In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
OAK.' 125 — Furnished room; bath and gas; $7;
call after 6 p. m. , . .. ¦" :
JOSEPH STRAUB,
S50 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. • •
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. <-,'¦-.
. - (nyFrlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral Monday,
April 7. at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
? dence,' 2239 .Grant street, , thence ' to St. • Jo-
¦ seph's Church,- where a solemn. requiem mas3
will be celebrated for the. repose of her. soul,
¦¦ commencing at . 10 o'clock. Interment. St.
' Mary" s 'Cemetery, Oakland. V . . ¦
CONNESS — In 'this city, April 2, 1902, Pearl
Lulu, beloved daughter of Mrs. David B.
Conness, and sister of Arthur M. Prince, a
native of, Oakland, Cal., aged 21 .years- 11
months and 16 days. - . .- : • "¦-. - ••
• ff^Friends and acoualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from
•the r-arlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 319
' O'Farrell stieet. Interment crlvate. .
DENIS— In this city, April 3, 1902, Mrs. Zella
Denis, beloved wife of the late N. Denis, and
dearly beloved mother of Mr. H:\Cuneo, M.
Cuneo. Mrs. B.. Waltin^and Josie Denis, a
native of France, i aged 73 years 7 montha
and 3 days. ¦ \. .. . . . . ,. . :, ¦ .;, ¦....
JJr-J (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral Saturday.-
Api 11 5, '1902. at 9:30. o'clock, from her late
residence, 852 Broadway, thence to the
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres. Bush
strtet, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy 'Cross Cemetery.
DID1ER — In Alameda, April 4, 1902. Emile,
beloved son of Jules an-1 Rosalie'Didier, and
brother of J. B. Didier. a native or San
'Francisco, aged 1< yefrs 7 . months and 3
. days. - ' ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦.'¦ '.¦•¦ . - : .,:¦-¦¦-¦ •
DRISCOLL — In - Jerome, S Ariz... . April 'l, 1002.
Timothy, beloved husband" of Katie Drlscoll,
father of Eva Veronica Drlscoll, , and brother
of Michael Driscoll ! and Mrs. C.' Curtis. 1 a
native of Bantry, County Cork, Ireland, aged
1 33 years. . - ...
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), . at 9:15o" clock, from. the parlors
of J. C." O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where . a re-
, qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9:50 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . . ,;
ERNSER— In this city, April 4, . 1902, Nicho4
' las, V beloved ' husband . of Katherine Ernser
father of Nicholas Jr. and Charles Ernser,
and nephew of Mathlas and John Doll, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 47. years and 8 days.
£7"Frlends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock,? from the " parlors of
{E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ' funeral ' services
Saturday afternoon, April 5, 1902, at 1 :30
o'clock, at the I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, San Francisco,
under the auspices of Harmonie Lodge No.
13, I. O. O. F. Interment private. "Funeral
will leave the residence, 1140 Sixty-second
_ street. Oakland, at 11 o'clock, via 12 o'clock
creek boat.
CAREY — In Berkeley, April 4, 1002, Eliza, be-
loved wife of John Carey, and ' father ot
Phlll M.. John M. -and Mary W. Carey, a
. native of County Clare, Ireland, . a_ed 52
years. (Madera and Merced . papers please
copy.) . . , V
B_fNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BUCHI — In Oakland, April 3, 1903, Jacques,
•beloved husband of Sophie Buchi, father of
Sophie, William and Emma Buchl, ani
brother of Mrs. Anna Kern of Sacramento,
a native of Switzerland, aged 54 years 1
month and 20 days. A member of Harmonie
Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. ( F., also of Verein
Eintracht.
E7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
f fulIy"1nvited"tb""atteKd" the funeral "Sunday,
Arril (5. at 10 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
: Metzler's undertaklne parlors, 636 Washing-
ton street, ( thence to Third and Townsend
streets to 11:30 o'clock train. Cremation Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
BRADFORP— In this city, April 3, 1902,
Llewellyn A. Bradford, dearly I beloved hus-
band of ¦ Matilda, and "devoted ' father of
Ethel S. 'and Mabel M. Bradford, a native of
Friendship Me., aged 54 years 8 months and
20 days.* A member of Golden Gate Council
No. 551, N. U. - • ;
ANDRELLI— In the City and County Hospital,
April 4. 1902, Adrien AndrelU. a native of
France, aged 55 years.
BECKER— In this city, April 4, 1002,' Martin
Becker,- a native of Germany, aged 58 year3
and 10 days. - * 4' ¦''¦¦' ¦¦'•¦¦ ¦ >¦' .
Hartsough, Mary L. Turner, Jamea B,
Haswell. Viola W. . White, Marcaret
Kerns. Bernard ' Wright. Owen
Knudsen, Freddie M." ¦¦ . , ..
DIED.
AndrelU, Adrlen Leonard, Mary ' .
Becker. Martin ¦ ' Littler, Charles D.
Bradford, Llewellyn Lucke. Bernard H.
Buchl. Jat-Ques Lynch, Sarah ¦ .
Carey, Eliza • . , Mansfield, Laura T.
Conness. Pearl L. - " Oltmann; Peter
Denis. Mrs. Zelia : O'Leary, Margaret '
Didler. Emile Perkins, Mira A. C.
Drlscoll, Timothy Peterson.' Olof :
Erriser, Nicholas Roberts, Mahel
Foley, Frank ' Shrier, Pauline .
Forsell, August : ' Stuart, Capt.- Jas, F.
Furlong, Thomas Sweeney, Charles J.
Hall, Albert S. . v v ¦ Sweeney, Georse F.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. .
EMALL upright, $35: large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers &. Son. 23 5th st.. Ivers & Pond agts.
MISSION, 2533 — Sunny furnished modern
rooms; private; first-class in -every respect.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
SOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
Lester pianos; SpSelmann pianos; Cecilian
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308, 310,
31-' Pest Et.
JESSIE. 478, near Sixth — Large sunny front
room; first floor.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
et.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
pia no players. .
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman . to share
with him a large suite . of rooms in a first-
class family hotel. Address L. H. C, 26
Montgomery St., roqm 14.
DEALERS, big profits saved on unredeemed
pianos; selling for storage and advances; up-
rights, $37 up (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
age, 1710 Market et.
GEARY.405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
ELLIS, 6S5. cor. Larkin^-Large . alcove bay-
window., mantel, closets; very desirable.. . .
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
I •rice; costs you only 2Oc a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
O' Farrell et. ; established 1850.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, $1 50 night; $1 50, $6 wk; open all night.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
.furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
By C. S. CAPP & CO..
No. U30 Market st.
California st., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
houses, 6 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontage.
Geary st., opposite Hamilton square — House,
2 htcries, 6 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:6.
Eureka St., between 17th and 18th— Lot 50x
120, -with one-story cottage, 7 rooms and bath
and stable; $4000. • .
Eureka St., bstween 17th and 18th — 3 flats, «
and S rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath;
$6000.
O'Farrell, between Polk and Van Ness — Lot
27:6x120 to rear street, with 4 houses; well
rented.
Pierce St., bet. California and Sacramento —
Six houses; well rented: neat and modern.
Arlington, between Natick and Roanoke —
Lot 43x51 to 59 feet: only $300.
Golden Gate ave., bet. Pierce and Scott—
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister st.. between Pierce and Scott —
Fine lot, 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro St.; easy terms if desired.
Alpine, near 14th.
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th — Lot 25x100.
ABRAHAMS — SITTENHE1M — In this city,
April 2, 1902. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Frank
Abrahams and Rose SIttenhelm, both of San
?Francisco. _ ' '. - : :.
BARKER — HtJSSEY — In San Rafael, Cal.,
March 31.- 1902, • by the Rev. William Mar-
shall, Henry R. ,. Barker ; and Virginia Hus-
sey, both of San Francisco. - .-
BRUML^-LEVY— In this city, ' April 2, 1902,
by the" Rev. M. S. • Levy, Henry J. Bruml of
Lockeford,;Cal., : and Juliette W.Leyyof San.
Francisco. '. ,'"+>:: . " • • - '
GOLDSTONE— SCHMALZ— In" this city, March
30, 1002, by the Rev. M.S. Levy, Jack Gold-
stone and Beatrice Schmalz. ; .¦;¦•'
JONES— DUTTKE— In this city, March 20,
1902, by the Rev. Louis Childs Sanford.
Hugh'L. Jones and Frieda Duttke,. both of
San Francisco. '
MENDELSOHN — GREENBAUM — In this city,
March 23, 1902, by the Rev. M. S. Levy,
Julius Mendelsohn of Butte, Mont., and Julia
' Greenbaum of San Francisco. • - •
MARRIED.
BUSH, 1124 — Desirable, sunny, well furnished
room; water; reception hall; phone, lawn, etc.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Seconc-hand square nianos from $50 up.
Seecnd-hand ergons from $25 up; new upright
jiar.cs from $3.75 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SOX. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Masbn
and Karelin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
' week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
A GOOD pietio Is a source of constant delight
imd no one can aJTord to deny himself or the
family such a pleasure when a riano can be
secured from us so low and upon such easy
tcrnjF. Our stock embraces the Decker &
Son. Wlssner. Baumelster and Stodard. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth-r-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates- byr week or
month: McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A — FREE list furnished room to let;- with or
without board; we save you walking : the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
KOOMS TO LET Kara, anil linfarn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦ Valencia St. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
TWELFTH. 40 — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1206— Model /house; single, fiou-
bla housekeeping rooms 'to let; $+, $0. $10;
free gas; stove; bath; sunny. . •
A FACT — We have received more pianos in the
last three days than all our competitors com-
bined, and on account of incompletion of
building all must be sold; over 200 to select
from; r.l! ir.akes; new uprights. SOS up; stand-
ard make?. $150 up; payments $3 a month up.
REALLY RELIABLE BARGAINS.
AH upriphts. such as one Heine. $315; 3
Pteinways. $190; 2 Chickerings, $165. and 50
others. Thirty square grands from $15 up.
Hxactly such pianos as are offered -by- others
as bargains at $1S5, for $118. All the leading
musicians use and indorse the Heine Piano;
over 5<»C0 In use tn Fan Francisco. HEINE
PIANO CO.. Heine Hall, 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are cfTcrrd in the -way of prices
end terms upon planes, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
essortnwnt cf best makes to choose from.
FHEHMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stchiway dealers,
cor. Kea— Ky and Sutter Ets.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
SItSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
SHIPLEY, 209—4, 4. 4, and 4 housekeeping
rooms, S4; ?0, $8 and $10; no animals; no
drunkards.
POWELL, 1005, cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms, $10;
3 connecting, ?:J0; all complete for housekpg.
DR. KOSEN. ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 1007% Market: avoid delay; $10.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Vnicn square: all diseases cured by herbs.
The fcllowlns . marriage licenses were issued
yesterday : ....
• Henry S. Cahri, 21; 1921 Webster street, and
Martha BIocTc, 18, 1908 Bush street.
Oscar I. Reichenbach, .31, city, and • Ivy
Rosenfeld, 27, city. . • ¦
Gilbert E. Bailey, 49, city, and Reba Bos-
ton, 32, city. \ . :
Ronald Thomasi . 53, Santa Barbara, . and
Julia H. Percy, 40, New York City.
Ole Swanson. 30, 58 Sacramento street^ and
Gusta Lovseth, 31, IV2 Grand street. •• •
Jeremiah Sullivan, - 50, ¦ • city, and . Sarah
O'Hare, 35, city. ., , •. .^ ...
Louis M. Getz, 28, 807 Grove street, and Ger-
trude Lapldaire, 21, 1047 McAllister street.:
Charles H. Gillot, -23, 2411 Harrison street,
and KIr-nore E. Ludwig, 19, Pleasanton.
Isaac J. Swanson, ¦ 27, 439 Clementina street,
and Sadie A: Clynes, 23, 439 Clementina street:
Antonie B. Anderson.' 22," Greenwood, and
Lauretta Hall, 18. Greenwood. . -
Edv.ard H.. Caro, 23, 2026 Howard street,
and Gussie Green, 22, 229 Hayes street.
Sterhen M. Smith, 34, city, and Louisa F.
Walters, 28, city.
MARRIAGE LICENSER.
POLK, • 522 — Bay-window front sunny. fUr-
nlshed rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
NATOMA, 62 — S housekeeping rooms, all sun-
ny; fine yard; ?16. . .¦ ;~. ..
MRS. DAVIES. ladies' specialist, at old office,
12»S Market St.; no branch office.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
methoii of treatment; maternity home; home
la confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
MCALLISTER, 536 — Nicely furnished suite;
sink, gas range, bath, phone, laundry; : $10-$7.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladi-s*
tpccialisl; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
EDDY, 522 — Parlor floor; sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; bath, phone; also other rms.
' KOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 445 — Rear 4 furnished sunny rooms;
large sunny yard; rent $17. :
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience . In S. F. - Ma-
ternity Hcme, 906 Market St.. op. 4th: fee low.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O Farrell. near Taylor.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED \ HOUS&f.
A NICELY furnished, house In Alameda, one
block from broad gauge depot; rent $60 per
month. Apply GEO. L. LEWIS & CO., 1001
Park st., Alameda.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University,
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladies before
and during confinement: best of care; confine-
ment, $15; room and board, $5 week; infants
adopted: will takeStowork at my private resi-
dence. 606 Guerrero st.. nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
1500 Park st
Alameda. Tel. Grand MG1
CALL and see I the Alameda Land Company.
Great bargains offered this week. $2150
buys a new modern 5-room cottage;. lot 40x
120; a snap. Will build, rent and sell'you
on easy ¦ terms. ' -.¦¦-'
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned speciai-
iet. — Lsdles. all who are tick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
rr.enttrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
ruFes taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of moet obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a dsllcate nature. DR. a. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
The/attention of those who wish to buyd a
fine home is called to these sltely lots; the lo-
cation is very desirable, and there are pretty
and costly residences adjoining.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st,
Lot 62x105, northeast corner Devisadero and
Vsllejo sts.; for prices and particulars apply
to the undersigned.
34 feet frontage.
Two lots,
Choice building sites that command a grand
and panoramic marine view from Fort Point
to Berkeley, with Alcatraz. Tiburon, Angel
Island and Sausalito and the hills of Marin,
Contra Costa and Alameda; overlooking the
Presidio grounds and its city of tents, and
from where the daily evolutions of the troops,
with the music of the bands, can be seen and
heard.
North side Green st.. near Devisadero; 2 lots,
50x105 and 39:2x137:6. ¦>
$1350 — Pierce st.. near Union; 2Sx82:6; cheap-
est lot around that section; sunny lot; only a
step from the cars; easy payments; $100 down;
payments ' to suit; electric cars will pass in
front in a .short time and lot will be worth
double the price. --"/ ¦¦>
$8400 — An income-paying property south ot
Market Et. ; flats and store; $7S 50 rental; 25x
7C; In fine condition; this Is a great bargain.
$20.000 — Jones st.. near Eddy; 30:S6:6.
$1250 — Greenwich St.; 30x94; street bltumin-
lzed; a very cheap lot.
$2050 — Webster and Filbert sts. ; corner lot,
2?xl00; a good grocery corner; easy payments;
$100 first payment; a step from the Unlon-st.
cars.
$7500—2 fine new fiats; Broderick St.. Nos.
2K53 and 2S57, north of Union: 10 rooms and 6
rooms; ..rented under lease for $75; separate
entrances; sun In every room; they must be
s.-en to bo appreciated; the adjoining flats just
sold; lovely marine view front and rear; some-
thing very fine; this is a good income-paying
property.
Union st., near Pierce; 3 lots, 25x110; sunny
s'de; on the rise of the hill; near Scott; signs
on the lots.
$3500 each — 2 lots north or sunny side of
Filbert St., just west from Broderlck; 35x75
each; street bitumintzed; beautiful marine
view; take the Union-st. cars to see these lots.
*::r.0o — Northwest corner Broderlck ¦ and Fil-
bert sts.; 38:2x75; overlooks the Presidio; ex-
fc-ec'lngly cheap; a fine buy. having a grand
marine view; elevated and well located; Fil-
bert is bitumlnized; sewers on both streets;
electric cars will pass In front shortly; flats on
this choice corner will bring good rental on
account of the sunny rooms and lovely . ma-
rine view; the opposite three corners have Just
been sold; fine improvements to go up; this is
one of the choicest corners for sale in the West-
ern Addition. . ¦ ¦ - . . .
$3(HW — Octavia-st. residence; 5 rooms and.
bathroom; large basement; a cheap home; 25
xl37:6; etreet in rear and bitumlnized; not far
out; built but a short time. } '
$2000 — Almost new cottage residence .on
Pierce St., close to Unlon-st. cars; 5 rooms;
lRrge basement: convenient to Fulton . Iron
Wcrks; easy payments can be arranged; good
location. ¦ ..
OFFERS SOME CHEAP PROPERTIES.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY— FOR. S AkE.
w. j. gunnT~~
530 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAVINGS UNION BUILDING.
¦ H.^F. : Suhr & Co.. where services wlll.be
held,: under the auspices of the Verein Con-
m cordia. l Interment Cypress : Lawn Cemetery.
FOLET— In . this • city, ; April - 4. 1902, , Frank,
beloved son of Ellen and the late James
• Foley, and brother of John, James, Thomas,
William and Ellen Foley, a native of San
Francisco, .'aged 9 years and 26 days.
FORSELL— In this city," AprlP 4. . 1902, ' August,
.beloved -.husband- of ¦¦ Hilda - v Forsell.' ¦ and
. brother ¦ of Carl, Emile and . Alma Forsell, a
'¦ native of -Sweden, aged 33 years.- - •
FURLONG — In this city,' April 4, 1902,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen Furlong,
a -. native ¦; of County -Wexf ord, Ireland, aged
60 years 3 months and 13 days.
. CT Funeral Sunday, .April . 6,- 1902,' at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, 520 Alvaraao
¦ 6treet, . near Castro, thence to St. James
; Church, -. where • services will be held. ' Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. A high requiem
: mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul Monday. April 7. commencing at 9:30
"T- o'clock. '¦ ¦¦• v . .1 .
HALL— In this city,' April 2, ! 1902, Albert
Smith. Hall, beloved husband of Matilda H.
.Hall, - father 'of Mrs. »Cllve A. Brown, and
brother of Harvey Hall of Llvermore, a na-
. tlve of Nobleboro, Me., aged 79 years and 5
¦days. . ,
.(C^Funeral. cervices to-day (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at Trinity Presbyterian Church,
"corner Capp' and. Twenty-third streets. In-
terment private. - Please omit flowers.
HARTSOUGH— In this city, April 4, 1902,
Mary Louise Hartsouch, beloved mother of
¦ David, ..Christopher,' Clarence. Elmer and
, Raymond ' Hartsough, Mrs. J. D. Morgan and
: Mrs. E. Rebatock, and sister of Mrs. . F. V.
King and Richard Wheeler, a native of Buf-
. falo, N. Y.'r aged 57. years 8 months and 7
days. : ¦
HASWELL— In this city, April 3. 1902, Viola
Wymen Haswell/ mother of Fred W. Has-
• well.' a native of New York, aged '56 years
11 months and 18 days.
E?"The funeral will take place Saturday,
at 11:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 853
Golden - Gate avenue. Interment private,
•Morntain.View\Cemetery, Oakland. • .
KERNS— In this city, April 4; 1902, Bernard
Kerns, beloved father of Mrs. John H. Kelly,
a native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged U9
¦ years.
: (ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
KNUDSEN— 'In this city, April 4, 1902, Fred-
- die Martin, beloved son of Fredtjof E.' and
Flora R. Knudsen. ¦ and brother of Harold.
Alvin and Hazel Knudsen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years 7 months and IS
days.*. . - ... '
LEONARD— In this city, April 3, 1902, at Our
Lady'g Home, 33 Rlncon place, Mary Leon-
ard, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
¦ .'(Sacramento, Cal.,' papers please copy.)
IC^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral to-day
. (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the Chapel of
. the Passion, attached , to St. Mary's Hospl-j
tal,' where a solemn requiem mass will be 1
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at the above hour. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LITTLER— In Oakland, April 4. 1902, at his
home, 1201 Jefferson street, Charles D., hus-
band of Bessie Littler, a native of California,
? aged 38 years 3 months and 21 days.
LUCKE— In this city, April 4, 1902, Bernard
H.,' beloved husband of Marie E. Lucke, and 1
father: of Clarice and Adele Lucke. a native
of. San Francisco, aged 43 years 5 months
; and ; 4 days. ; ,! ¦ , \
H~?Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, 1 April 6, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at the
1 Masonic Temple, ' Post and ' Montgomery j
streets, where the services- will be held.
A member ¦ of Occidental Lodge ¦ No. 22,
F. and A. M.; . Golden Gate Commander/
1 No. 16: Stanford Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. t W.,
and San Francisco Lodge No. 3, -B.-P. O.
" E. It is particularly requested that no flow-
ers be sent.' Interment private.
STANFORD : Parlor No. ¦ 76, N. S. G. W.—
VMembers are requested to assemble to-mor-
,row (Sunday), at 1:50 o'clock, at. the- Ma-
sonic TemDle, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Ben H. Lucke. . By order of the
parlor.- , S. O. STANYAN. President.
FRED H. JUNG. Secretary. -
LYNCH— In this city, , April 4. 1002, Sarah,
.beloved wife of "the late James Lynch,
beloved '¦' mother ¦ of Mrs. Mamie Crosbie,
mother-in-law of Hugh Crosbie, and sister
j of William Batterton, a native of Ireland,
afred SO years. ' ¦
MANSFIELD— In this city, April 4, \ 1902,
• Laura: Theresa Mansfield, beloved daughter of
Richard C. and Helen Mansfield, and loving
sister of Michael, John, Thomas and Maud
" Mansfield, Mra. J. . R. Borden and the late ,
,R. C. Mansfield Jr., a native of San Francisco,
• aged 21 'years and 5 months. (Chicago, 111.,
papers please copy.) •
{C?*Frlends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 203 Vj Polk street, thence to St. Mary's
I '¦¦ Cathedral for services, commencing: at 1 :45
' o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLTMANN — In Half moon Bay, April 8, 1902,
Peter Oltmann, beloved husband of Christine
Oltmann, and father of Stanley E. Oltmann, 1
a ¦ native of Dormdusch, Germany, aged 41
¦ years 3 months and 4 days. / . ¦¦
O'LEARY— In this city, April 4, 1 1002, Mar-
garet O'Leary, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 80 years. ¦ . . : '
v CTThe Catholic Ladles' Aid Society, is in-
vited to attend. -• . > .
PERKINS— In this city, April 3, 1902, Mlra
A. C, widow of the late E. S. Perkins, and
- mother' of Mrs. • E. C. Davis. Mrs. J. K. C.
Hobbs and Charles N. Perkins, a native - cf
Boston, Mass., aged 76 years and 26 days.
(Boston, Mass., papers pleasa copy.)
IE? Friends and ecquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral \
parlors ¦' of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission j
etreet, : Mission , Masonic Temple. Interment
private. : --' -
PETERSON — In this city. April 1, 1902, Olof,
beloved husband of • Maria Peterson, and
father of Emma M., Anna C, Oscar E.,
Fred O., r Ereka C. and Carl E. Peterson, a
"native of Sweden,' aged 51 years 10 months
and 27 days.
¦; - 1E7" Friends and acouaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Swedish '
"Congregational Church, Jessie street; between
Sixth and Seventh. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.' ; Remains at the funeral parlors
of Bunker & Lunt, 2G66 Mission street, Mis-
sion Masonic Temple.
ROBERTS— In this city. April 4,. 1902, Mabel,
dearly beloved daughter of Edward and Anna
I Roberts, a native of Medford, • Or., Azed, 2
years 10 months and 17 days.
SHRIEKr-In. New York, April 3, 1902, Pau-
line Shrier, dearly beloved wife of .Elkan
. Shrier, formerly of San Francisco, and
mother of Mra. I. i Levy and Paul, Milton and
Laurence : Shrier, a native of New York. : (
STUART — In this city, April 3, 1902. Captain
James ¦ F. • Stuart, beloved father of Mrs.
'David ' Oliver, and grandfather of Charles,
A. K., Mary E. and Donald S. M. Oliver, a
native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged SI years
• 3 months and 27 days. :
' • . (CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to - attend the funeral services
Monday,' April 7, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at Grace
M/ E. Church, corner Twenty-flrst and Capp
streets/ • A member of Pacific Lodge*. No. 155,
•I. O. O. F., and of St. Andrew's Society.
' Remains at the mortuary chapel of the Gold-
en Gate Undertaking Company until Monday,
at 12 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from corner
Eighteenth, and Guerrero streets at 2:30
o'clock. '
SWEENEY — In this city, April 3, 1902,
Charles ¦ Joseph, beloved son of the late. Ed-
ward and • Mary Sweeney, | and brother of
John, William an-1 Frank Sweeney and Mrs.
J. F.: Conway, a. native of San Francisco,
• a«red : 35 years. ' " .
(CT The funeral will take place to-day
"(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171' Ml?-
• sion : street. Interment strictly private la
¦•¦ Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11 :30 . o'clock
-train from Third and Townsend streets.
SWEENEY — In this City, April 2, 1902,
GeorEC F. Sweeney, ¦ a native of Massachus-
¦ sets aged 24 years 3 months -and 5 days.
[E7 Remains, at the parlors of Hermann
Metzler, ; 63C Washington street.
TURNER — In ' San Leandro, April 3, 1902,
James B. Turner, son of Peter and " Clemen-
'•"• ttna : Turner. ' and brother : of William" Tur-
: ner, a' native of France, aged 44 years and 7
¦ months.-. • .
WHITE— In this city, April 3, 1902,- Margaret
, White, beloved ¦ sister ¦ 01 Mrs. Thomas Con-
way," and': siater-in-law of Thomas Conway,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 yeara 7
months and 6 days.
¦¦u~s- E7"Friends and acquaintances ' are . respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
¦'•' of '.her . sister. Mrs.. Thomas ' Conway, 323
Twelfth street, between ¦ Folsom and Harri-
' son,- thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
,• vices at , 1 ;' o'clock; Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. - • .
WRIGHT— In this city, .April 4, 1902, Owen
Wright, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Wright, and beloved father of Michael, Tim-
othy, Eugene. and John Wright, a native. of
Eastport, : Me., aged . 72 years 10 months and
. 21 days. N • ] _____ - ;l .— -,
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE No. 7— Sisters :
¦ You are herebynotlfled to attend the anni-
versary . mass . Sunday morning.: April 7, . at
8 :30 o'clock, at St.' Ignatius Church.
« - ; ' ' KATHRYN BURKE. ' President.
' NOTICE.
Services will be held Sunday,' ADrll 6, 1902
. at 3 o'clock, in Alice Hollman's memoriai
•- chapel on :. Paria . street, between China and
. : ij Brazil -avenues, ¦ by Bishoo . Stanford. - Take
Ingle8lde -. car. • Frlenda are . invited.
MEDICAL.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call*
1C pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
DR C. C.O'DONNELL— Office and' residence,
¦102114" Market St.. bet*/ Sixth and Seventh.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 484 Valencia St.; hours 10 to 8.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation ; : no detention from business ; all
private diseases treated successfully ; • consul-
Tjatlon free." Drs." Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
PHYSICIANS AKD SURGEONS.
AN established paying medical specialist's busl-
I . ness for sale at a bargain ; clearing , $5000 ' a
year ; name; , lease, good ¦ will, - furniture,'- fix-
tures, etc., all go; opportunity given for^in-
vestigation to those who mean : business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511,- Call.
.DIVIDEND NOTICES.;
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant < Powder : Com-
pany. Con. : A dividend. No.' 40, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the. issued capi-
tal stock of the company i has been declared
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-204-206 Hayward • building, San Fran-
cisco, on April 10. 1902. Transfer books close
April 3, . 1902. at noon. . J. R. LEAVELL,
Secretary. ' . . > . . ,'Establishing a Precedent That May Open the
Doors'for the Return of Ousted Appointees
of Those Who Ruled Department in 1898
DISMISSED CITY SCHOOLTEACHERS ARE REINSTATED
BY THE VOTES OF THREE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD
MEMBERS OP BOARX) OF EDUCATION WHOSE ACTION IN REIN
STATING TWO DISMISSED TEACHERS , PAVES THE WAY FOR RE
TURN OF MANY OTHER OUSTED APPOINTEES OF .THE 1898 GANG.
Lecture: on" China.
- A.t '•¦ the • Mechanics' - Institute - to-night
part * second , of | the lecture on ¦ "The I Great
Yang-tse » Valley, of China' V will be ¦ deliv
¦ ered. r The lecture is Illustrated by : stere
optieon views. .¦-. Professor-John ¦ Fryer of
,the -University of California' is' the lec-
' Oshonee Tribe of the Improved Order of
Sed Men will have a social evening- and a
dance . in * the Laurel ¦ Hall of "the . Shi els
building this /evening. The committee In
charge of the affair i has arranged for , a
first-class entertainment for. the members
and eiieataAaafgnyjag
Bed Men: Will Dance.
J California Optical Co. will formally open
their new store at 205Kearny st. Saturday
evening, April 5. You are cordially Invited.*
¦J... Wit^nian.'s: iDemurfer Is Overruled.
, The demurrer I of ; Chief of : Police Witt
man to the suit for- an injunction restraln
; ing ,tho ;police from interfering ; withu the
occupants of • the - houses; on '.Bacon place
was , overruled ,- by. Judge „¦ Seawell yester
. day. v The . defendants . were given ten^days
' in ; whlch:to" answer.- ;.' : --. . .¦ . .
..; To-day, at .'9. 'o'clock we will -'be prepared to
offer r you another lot of ladles', misses' and
jchildren' s . shoes \ for . 35c: a L pair, . all , sizes . and
widths; gents': shoes for =, 75c ; pair, -and don't
forget 1 that .. to-day (specially) ; we sell ladies'
'. and gents', f 3 50 hand-made . shoes , for |1 85,
all known ¦ brands. -. .Busy ¦ Bee •' Shoe : Co., 1029
Market, St., above Sixth, r -.¦ ¦ < ..,,•.-
Shoes f for, 35ci
The first of the, ten new trains recently
constructed by the Pullman Company for
the overland limited service between San
Francisco arid I Chicago via the Southern
Pacific, Union ( Pacific and Northwestern
lines reached Oakland pier Thursday aft
ernoon. These trains have cost the com
panies interested over: $1,000,000 and- are
said to be the finest ever built. In addi
tion to all the modern improvements they
are electric lighted throughout, the twen
ty-five horsepower generator of Westing
house make being; established in the bag
gage car in charge, of an expert elec
trician. This dynamo also operates a
number of electric fans, which serve to
cool the observation, dining and compo
site cars. Excellent taste has been dis
played In the choice of polished woods
and soft green and gold tones for the up
holstery, ceilings and carpets.
The first east-bound train will leave San
Francisco at 10 o'clock thismornlng. A
telephone has been placed In the observa
tion car, and for forty-five minutes before
the departure of the train will, be con
nected by special wire with the San Fran
cisco Telephone Exchange. It will be in
charge of a' uniformed attendant, and spe
cial attention ; will . be given to this ser
vice/-It is expected to prove a great con
venience to business men.. .
First of New Trains on Southern
Pacific at Oakland
Hole.
TELEPHONE . ON CAB
FOR PASSENGEBS' USE
¦. It will;be Interesting to know by what
educational rule the Board of Education
denies 1 the petitions of 'some teachers .to
be reinstated and selects others by means.
¦ of :."a .back door. process.".' .,
; .' v ' ; '.y '^Teachers'. Most. Interested.
,-;The:; positions of the . following special
teachers were abolished and' the teachers
dismissed from the- department: ' ,
3 j Physical , culture, ' H. • i C. \ Vy .-Stahl ! and George
S. Mlehling; manual. trainingr?J.:.M.- Stockman
and -M. Doyle; cooking- department, -,Mlss Dora
Moran. and Miss. E.\ Davies;'. stenography, Miss
!H.- Moeriire' and Miss- M.- McDonald; bookkeep
ing. -Myrtle Cerf and Miss; May : F.' O'Keefe. :
. ; The -following classes j have; been abol
ishedZ and the .teachers who have been
•in. charge -of tthem are placed on the un
asstened list: . , , :, ¦ ?
'-."John"- Swett? Even Ing' School— M. L." Sheftey,
.Miss • M. J Hart; Miss A-, T. , Crowley. Miss E.
:Cerf, Mrs. A.;Stimmel,-Mlss II. Maguire, Mary
• Mpad Morrisey,. principal/ .¦-•¦.»" • • .
. Mission 1 Evening 1 School— Miss Helen Grace,
-Miss 'Gertrude Fitzgerald, • Miss .May Coop,
¦Miss' Bertha Fahrenkrug, Miss :C. A. ' McCar
thy.V-.7v-.:. ,-;.;..•¦¦..-.¦,•;.-; ;¦.--- . .-.•
. •' Falrmount Evening School— Miss A. Martin,
Miss U::y,- Brenhan,- . Miss M.",E. Mangan. .;
• : Hearst Evening School— John 1 S.' Drew, Mrs.
N. 'Scott. .Mrs.-I::Latnbert,:c.;A.-Baker. -
•7 ; The J following ; . probationary teachers
have been- dropped from the roll: of the
• department: -. . Vv'-jL ' : " : - '
. Mrs. j Clara RJ ' Arguello, Burnett Grammar
School: Mr3. George W. Forbes, unassigned at
present; Miss Sophie Stolz,- Adams Cosmopoli
tan ; Miss Lizzie Lovery; Hearst Grammar;
Miss C. A. McCarthy, Missibn. Evening; Miss
Lizzie Cline/.'unas^Kned; Mlaa.-.L. A. Hay.
« Spring i Valley < Everting - School ; ¦ Miss Maud
Hart." John • Swett Evening: Miss C. A. Baker,
Hearst EVenlng; MIssM.lX Douglass. Hamil
ton Evening;, Mlsa M. Kratzer, Horace Mann
Evening; Ml/s. Emily R. 1 Coey, Irving. Scott
Evening;' Nathan ; Sanders. Humboldt Evening;
Edward. Hohfeld Jr.. Franklin Evening; Misa
Kate Kelly.. Humboldt Evening; M.L. Choyn
>ki, Rlrrcon -Evening; Miss J. Fitzpatrick. Rin
con : Evening; Miss-- S. „ Boniface, ~ Richmond
.Evening; .Miss E..T.. Daniels, Hamilton Even
ing; Miss Margaret - O'Nell, Humboldt Even
ing;, L.M/ Shelley,- John- Swett Evening; Miss
Lucy Wores,' Washington ¦ Evening; - Miss M.
. Morrison. Richmond ¦ Evening; .Miss ¦ A. Dunn,
Hancock Grammar." •;;;. '¦ .. , '
¦'-'The substitutes'; who 'were dismissed
¦are:;'. --;,•,¦ — ¦ ..... • , '' J .
¦ -'Miss >M.'.O.'. Benjamin, day class; Miss M. G.
Llppert, day class ;> Miss. M. Conroy, day class;
Mlss.M. -T. Toomey.-.day- class:. Miss L. G.
Hennessey, •¦¦ day class; Miss E./F.i Baker, day
.class; Miss^N. McCarthy. 'day 'Class; Miss E.'
.1.- Hart, -evening class; Miss -A." Kane, : evening
class; Miss M. O'Keefe, 1 , evening class.
On.LJng Sing, alias. On Sing, who la
wanted in Los Angeles for murder, was
arrested in the Hall of Justice yesterday
morning by Detectives Ed Gibson and
McMahon- and Policeman . E. J. McNa
mara. It became known, "Wednesday night
that he was in this city and several Chi
nese searched for him to hand him over
to the police, as a reward of $150 had been
offered for his- capture. -
yesterday morning he called at the bond
and warrant clerk's office and asked for
a warrant for the arrest of a Chinese
highbinder, who had threatened to shoot
him, and he wanted to be protected. The
warrant was refused, and as he stepped
cut into the . corridor the officers placed
him under arrest and took him upstairs
to the City Prison. Captain Seymour had
a talk with him and he admitted that he
was the man wanted. •-'
He brutally murdered "Wong Ung Wong,
his assistant as cook at the Simmons
brick yards, Los Angeles, about 1 o'clock
in the morning of February 25 last, nearly
chopping ¦ his victim to - pieces with a
hatchet. ¦
When questioned by Captain Seymour
On Ling King said that his assistant owed
him money and would not pay him. They
had some words about it -that night, and
while he . was asleep In his bunk Wong
Ong Wong came at him with a butcher
knife. Wong made a lunge at his head.
He was wakened by the noise Wong made
,and dodged the blow. He jumped out of
his bunk, seized the hatchet and killed
Wong. . •
Chief Charles Elton of Los Angeles was
notified by Captain Seymour of th© arrest
and received a reply that an officer would
be sent at once to take him. back.'
eligible list will be required to appear in per
son before the board for brief oral examina
tion. Such examination shall be urivate, but
shall be conducted by the board as a body, and
in no case by the' Individual members . acting
ceparately. -._-_-.
Provide for Probation. - "
These resolutions were accompanied by
the details of the plan of. examination, in
which it was stated that every person as
signed from the eligible, list for a teaching
position shall be on probation before final
election for a term of not -less- than two
years. • .:¦..-...¦ . . . ¦
Recent competitive examinations were
held In this city and the eligible list of
teachers niled to the number of fifty. Al
though the Board of Education of last
year printed and circulated copies of the
"plan of the appointments of teachers,?'
the records of the board fail to show that
the plan was ever adopted by resolution.
On the other hand,. some of the teach
ers who did not even serve two weeks 'as
regular teachers following their elections
The records of the present Board of Ed
ucation and - of its predecessor In office
show that it has "blown hot and blown
cold." When many of the teachers" "who
were dismissed in January, 1899, and
who had served as regular teachers
for four months, applied to be rein
stated they were informed that they
had no claim on the department, and if
they desired to become teachers in the
public schools they- must conform to the
"civil service rules" 'and' come in on merit
through competitive examination. - .
have been either given positions. or placed 1
on the eligible, list. _ •. •¦ :;vvT..;f •,
Of the- teachers elected on December 28^
1898, and dismissed on : January. ,25,\; 1899,'
the following are now in the department:
Miss M. . Coyle, ! Miss I D. j F.". Moran,- Mrs; •
M. Meil, Miss M. F. Dowlingr,\Miss^Rae'
Cohen and Mrs. H. B. Steele: .<" ,, ;; :
Is Arrested in Hall of
Justice for Murder
in South.
CHINESE SLAYER
TRAPS HIMSELF
ACCEPTANCE OF MISSION"
STBEET IS RECOMMENDED
Soard . of Works Takes Preliminary
Action Toward Bituminizing
the Thoroughfare.
The Board of Works decided yesterday
to recommend to the Board of Super
visors the conditional acceptance of Mis
sion street, between Silver and Onon
daga avenues, Commissioner . Casey
voted against this acceptance, and pro
posed in lieu thereof a resolution accept
ing Mission street , from Crescent avenue
to the county line, which was defeated.
A. B. Maguire and other representa
tives of the Mission Street Improvement
Club urged the acceptance of the street,
which will make. possible the work of-re
paving the street with bitumen. The city
appropriated $15,000 for the purpose and
the property owners subscribed $7500.
The secretary was directed to advertise
for proposals for repavlng Van Ness ave
nue, between Pine and Bush streets, and
for alterations and additions to the
Hearst Grammar School. ¦',-. --".>•-
Chinese |j rioters attempted to murder
Doorkeeper John MeAuliff at ; the Wash
ington-street Theater last night: The dis
turbers were highbinders who have been
recently deprived of passes to the enter
tainments and who are .deemed by the
police to be the most dangerous charac
ters in Chinatown.
The trouble grew out of an assault made
upon Ah Sin, a highbinder, early in the
evening. : While partly intoxicated, Sin
tried to force .his entrance into, the play
house, in company with a number of - his
ilk, and was severely beaten by the door
keeper. He was sent to the City Emer
gency Hospital, and while there a rumor
was circulated that he had died. The
highbinder tongs. to whi.ch Sin belongs re
solved on vengeance, and had it not been
for :, the . timely . appearance - of Officers
liandley and Hamgan and the memoers
of -Sergeant Conboy's squad, they would
probably have accomplished their mur
uerous purpose.
After Sin had been taken away in the
police patrol wagon from the Central sta
tion and the rumor;, of his death had
spread, a mob of angry Mongolians con
gregated about the theater. , The infuri
ated heathens, after- several -moments of
heated conversation, started to rush up
the ttairs, many of them armed with clubs
and other weapons. When the crowd first
gathered, .word was sent to the 'police,
and Otncer3 Handley and Harrigan rushed
to the scene. After a hard struggle, in
which/they were obliged to use their
clubs without stint, the officers succeeded
in driving the rioters down the stairs
again, : ; . . . r
The Mongolians, - smarting under ~ the
rebuke at the hands of the police, pre
pared to make a second attack. They
marshaled their forces together and again
startedup the stairs, s) The two policemen
took a stand in front of the doorkeeper
and prepared to defend his life. At this
juncture several other officers* arrived,
and, arter another desperate battle, drove
the crowd away. . . . ' .
Ah Sin, the cause df the 'difficulty, after
he had been treated at the hospital, was
taken to the Hall of Justice and locked
up on a charge of drunkenness.
First — Experienced teachers who have shown
themselves unusually efHcient and who have
not taueht more than twenty years. These
shall constitute four-tenths of the eligible list.
Second — Unusually promising rraduates of
training 6chools. These shall constitute three
tentl;8 cf the eligible list
The board of 1900, presided over by
Director Mark, made a loud flourish of its
adoption of a plan of civil service exam
inations In the appointment of all new
teachers. The plan was outlined and un
der the "Kincaid" board of last year res
olutions were adopted on August 15 last
which were as follows:
The eligible list shall be composed cf not
more than fifty persons, selected as follows : .
The teachers who were elected on De
cember 28, 1S98, did not join in the litiga
tion, but it follows that If other elections
of the year from August 1 were illegal
those made on- almost the last day of the
year were also void, as the teachers had
no chance to serve on probation, as their
appointments were rescinded by a new
board a week later.
Elections Are Void.
A number of these ladies have been re
instated in the school department since
their dismissal and the present board has
placed Miss Moran and Miss Cohen on the
eligible list.
The teachers who were elected regular
teachers In 1838 at meetings of the board
that did not include the meeting of De
cember 28 made a test case in the courts
of the proceedings by which they had
been deprived of their positions. In the
case of Mrs. C. Arguello the Supreme
Court decided that as she had not com
plied with- the rules of the board and
served six months as a regular teacher
on probation she had no right to demand
reinstatement.
Among the teachers elected oh Decem
ber £8, 1898, included In the resolution of
dismissal of January 25, 1899, were Mrs.
Sjjencer, Miss M. Coyle. Mrs. M. Meil,
Miss M. F. Dowling, Mrs. H. B. Steele,
Miss K. McGuire, Miss Rae Cohen, Miss
D. F. Moran and Mrs. J. Cashman.
Mrs. Spencer, stenography; Miss Estelle
Carpenter, music; Miss M. Coyle, cooking;
Miss D. F. Moran. cooking; Mrs. M. Meil,
eewing; Mrs. J. Cashman, sewing; Miss
E. McGuire, bookkeeping; Miss M. P.
Dcwling, Spanish; Miss L>. Maban, Span
ish; Miss Rae Cohen, stenography; Miss
A. Bodkin, typewriting; Mrs. H. B. Steels,
stereoptieon, and Miss K. Gorham, book
keeping.
The resolution passed on December 2S,
1S8S, elected the following special teach
ers as resrular teachers:
On January 25 the board passed an
omnibus resolution by which more than
100 teachers were dismissed from the de
partment. The resolution was as follows:
"All teachers who have not been regu
larly elected as such, including both sub
stitute and probationary teachers, ap
pointed since August 1, 1S98, are hereby
dismissed from the department."
On January 4 the beard adopted a res
olution rescinding the resolution passed
by the previous board of December 28,
by which a number of special teachers
had been elected as regular teachers.
On January 1, 1SS9, the board known as
the "Bergerot" board came into, existence
and proceeded to make a clean sweep of
the school department.
Makes Clean. Sweep.
There are many rumors being spread
around that the days of "politics and pull
in the school department" are not things
of the past, and that the reinstatement of
certain teachers savors of a "job."
The records of the Board of Education,
however, speak for themselves in far
etrongcr tones than mere rumors and gos
sip, and an examination of the minutes of
the present board and its predecessors
discloses a peculiar state of affairs.
In the last half of the year 189S the
Board of Education elected a large num
ber of special and substitute teachers as
regular teachers. The meetings of the
board were continued up to the last day
of the year, when the terms of the direc
tors expired.
School Directors Mark. Woodward and
Koncovieri voted to reinstate Miss Mo
ran and Miss Cohen on the rolls of the de
partment, while Director Denman took
the attitude that the ladles should be
treated as new applicants and compelled
to take their chances in competitive ex
aminations. ~-:CSl~ '¦
IT "WILL be welcome news to more
than a hundred school teachers who
lost their positions in January, ISM,
to learn that the Board of Education
has established a precedent by which
they may be reinstated in the department.
According to the recent action of the
board in placing the names oi Miss Dor
othy F. Moran and Miss Rae Cohen on
the* eligible list the Board of Education
cannot refuse to reinstate all of the
teachers who were dismissed from the de
partment, and will not demand that they
go through the dull routine of a competi
tive examination, or In any way comply
with the so-called civil service rules of
the education body.
Police Save John McAuliff
From the Heathens'
Vengeance. .
Third — Other qualified persons on application
and competitive examination. These shall con
stitute three-tenths of the eligible list.- '
The Board of Education shall conduct when
ever required a: competitive examination for
appointment under the third method to the eli
gible list. The competitive examination shall
be based upon questions relating to the prac
tice and theory of education. 1 3
No applicant shall be included In this list
who does not hold a valid teacher's certificate
of a grade not lower than the' grammar grade.
AH persons considered for appointment to the
Riot.
Rrftnbr of Death by As
sault Causes Serious
TRY TO MURDER
A DOORKEEPER
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO O ALL, ; SATIJRD AY/ APRIL 0, 1902.
14
MrsiRcadcr,
IF ITS BARGAINS -YOU'RE LOOK-
ING FOR, TOU'Xti FIND GOOD AND
PLENTY OF THEM ON OUR COUNTERS
TO-DAY. '/
We'll Mention Just a Few:
<C 1 Oft For WOMEN'S FANCY
«J> I •<4U "WAISTS, made of solid col-;
'. ored : lawns, In pink,. blue, tan or white;
' front of waists are formed ot many clus-
ters of tucka alternating, with rows of
1-inch wide fine Swiss . embroidery In-
sertion; back tucked; fancy collar and
cuffs; sires 32 to 44; regular ?2 value.
Sttk Waists.
«r Q A PZ. Made of fine quality Louislne
tJ>O»TTt> silk and fashioned prettily of
¦ tiny tucks, an extra vest portion trim-
med with ; rows of stitching ! and small
' black silk buttons, beneath which clus-
ters of tucks are seen, forms a stylish
. feature of this regular $5 garment.
2 Hosiery Bargains
nA/> To-day •only— for our : ; regular 35c
4UW W0MEN"3 v - ; BLACK HOSE, in
ribbed or plain.
1 K s> . To-day for regular 25c CHIL-
lOt DREN'S BLACK HOSE; heavy
,-pr. fine ribbed; sizes 5 to 10. . '
Underskirt Special.
!q"o« For Jl 50 • WOMEN'S BLACK
i/OW . MERCERIZED j PETTICOATS:
flounce, lined and trimmed with three
small ruffles. ' . . . . >
Dress Skirt SpecKil.
'«1» A * 7C For stylish DRESS SlilRTS.
<|>'T - » C O'made of finest Meltons, Vene-
. tlans' or Serges;- cut with stylish flare;
seams tailor stitched: . neatly trimmed
- with 3 rows of satin bands; worth $6 50.
Qet/» For SUMMER OVERSKIRTS,
t7tP^ made up in plain, striped or flg-
'..ured.duck "Or : linen crash; circular.
• flounced and trimmed, with fancy • braid-
'¦- . ing; "not a: skirt among them worth less
- than $1 50. , >..¦¦:: . . ;• V'L
Confirmation
Dresses. •
C« RA For CONFIRMATION
DRESSES .that cannot be
bought elsewhere under ?2 25. .They are
made of fine white, lawn, trimmed with
the finest of .laces and embroideries.
Many original styles.
Cprsct.
. Our guarantee goes with every corset-
money refunded or a new corset given after
,550 days' wear . If not satisfactory. -¦•....
f\ Q f> For our regular $1 ' 25 -. CORSET :
i/O^ all styles; any make; special price
> to-day at 08c. .
/Women's
Wrappers.
CtCkC Fo ' our regular $1 WOMEN'S
9j £/^ WRAPPERS, made of good qual-
ity Percale: Spanish flounce; attractively
trimmed with braids; extra value.
O C r» To-day for :i our i regular $1 25
%J O W WOMEN'S . PERCALE WRAP-
PERS; 'Spanish flounce; :trIVnmed with
..braids;' waist and sleeves lined; ¦ sizes
• from 32 to 46." - -', '
Children's Ginghain
; Dresses.
cr/Y/"» To-day. for : CHILDREN'S . COL-
O \J**> ORED GINGHAM DRESSES.
; made- of good' material; neatly, trimmed
j with embroidery or lace. A large assort-
. ment. Worth double the, price.-
¦' - f **-.' o
MARKET ST.,
h^*,^ ; Between Taylor and Jones. ; ~ : "
"WE'RE ' OPEN ! \TO-NIGHT TILL 11
¦O'CLOCK. ' ;•; '
'Hale'a. | fe^fo
Ichildren's Hats i
, y An Interesting Sale.
\\ This sale is partly composed of io dozen hats s
O similar to the illustration marked $2.95. Each" hat L
P* will have the same amount of material and as nearly £v
as possible be the same value — but there will -be no two alike—
every hat will be trimmed differently, a great variety of flowers
and ribbons being used. Therefore no matter what your taste
you will have no trouble in making a pleasing selection. The
hat shapes are of Tuscan braid and the hats equal in appear-
ance regular $5.oaones.
For Saturday ....' $2.05'
School Hats—
. Illustration shows a good, durable child's straw hat — a pTetty hat, too—
in red, pink, blue, gray, castor or brown, trimmed with white silk scarf.
For Saturday.... $1.50
Gloves.
. . ¦ %'
3 Our gloves are thoroughly good. We think, in fact, they are a little
better than, the gloves most dealers 'sell. We know, at least, they are the very
best we are able to find, and we are always watchfag- for some improvement
either in quality or workmanship.
. We have improved the quality of our famous H. B. lambskin. The leather
in our new spring shipment of this glove is softer and more pliable than ever,
even better than some $1.50 real kid gloves. -
We have them in new spring colorings^ — red, blue, mode, beaver, tan,
brown, gray, pearl, green, black and white ......1 $1»<)O pair
Hosiery by the Dozen at Reduced Prices.
Ladies' Hose lOe Pair — Fast black, seamless cotton hose, 2 styles, plain or
. Richelieu ribbed, full length and width, elastic tops, double soles, sizes
8H to io....... ..lOc pair, 91.10 dozen
Ladies' Lace Hose 12 }£c Pair— Fast black seamless cotton hose, with ver-
tical lace open work stripe from ankle to top — sizes 8J4 to io — sale price
....... i...v.-.. 12^c pair. 91.3S dozen
Ladies' Outsize Hose 25c Pair— Imported outsize cotton hose — 3 styles,
plain black,' black with unbleached feet, also black with unbleached soles
—Louis Hermsdorf dye, extra elastic tops— -double soles, heels and toes
— sale price '• 25c pair, $2.OO dozen
Ladies' 35c and 50c Fancy Hose 25c Pair— 50 styles ladies' imported
' fancy, hose, 35c and 50c values— perfect in every way — now sale price
1 25c pair
Children's Hose lOc Pair— Children's seamless fast black cotton hose, fine
rib, good heavy weight, extra long and elastic, double knees — sizes 5% to
gV 2 — sale price lOc pair, $1.1O dozen
Boys' Bicycle Hose 15c Pair— Boys' bicycle ribbed fast black seamless cot-
ton hose— extra heavy, hard twisted and elastic, double knees, heels and
t oes — sizes 6 to 10, sale price 15c pair, $1.65 dozen
Misses' Black Hose— 3 styles. 25c Pair.
Infants' Silk Embroidered Socks 25 c Pair.
Sale. ¦ :^^*!>*to>ooo!>&^^ Invited.
Working uniformly and perfectly, it makes the breaH
"and cake always light and beautiful, and there is never ¦ a • r
waste of good flour, sugar, butter and eggs. ; r;-g;j|
Finer food; saving of money; saving of the health ofV ' }
the family: the last is the greatest economy of all.
The "Roj-al Baker and Pastry Cook"— over Some baking powder makers claim their rx>wders
8oo practical and valuable cookine receipts arecheaper... They can be cheaper only, if made . , .
— free to every patron. Send full address. f rom cheaper materials. To '¦ cheapen* tne xost of
an article of food at the expense of its healthfulness, •
\ ' as is done in a lum, baking powders, is a xrime.
™'^» BAILING FOWDE-R CO«« 100 ttIL-L-IAM' ol»j KtVr TOf\R» (
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— - — : — ; — ,-g ¦....- -. : ¦
As a guarantee of ABSOLUTE
PURITY and SAFETY
ike Lahel hekm> printed on 'BLUE
' 'PAPER is pasted on every
Kitchen Utensil
of GENUINE
AGATENICKEL-STEELWARE
• A foil assortment of these coeds for sale
by all the leading DEPARTMENT and
> HOUSE FURNISHING STORES.
LALANCE & QROSJEAN MFQ. CO.
NSW YORK. BOSTON. CHICAGO.
(Sustained by U. S. Circuit Court)]
¦ HAME OF UTENSIL.
Patented Feb. 12. 18WL
COST j SELL
AM^rtNo.TM8a. N«w York, Deo! T.iaoa. l
Wo bar* n>*do a careful examinadon of a
g»Pl«o* 7 Agate Nickel Steel War* - reortred
from The Laiaooe ft Oroajeaa Mfg. Ox. Nor «x
Tho enaael ocating U homogaaeona. of tztrm
tiloknow and ire* t purity.
ChepteU to tbm NewTotfc Proiluoa Erehanm,
Item * P. tkfatto. *jEjrkjZr~lZa It Bm^ ULIJA
AailrtsNo. 1*080. Niw Yobs, May 8. fiW. -
LiEiNcfKi Q&osnSS firo/cdr
atmanir i— At raqaocted by too, w« pur-
ebaaed in th« open ciarket a aample of M Aiat*
Nickel Steel Ware" and hav« mado a earefot
' chemical aaalytls of Uweaamel cov«riag ox th»
Mmo. • < ¦ - ~ |
We flad talt esatael ta attbdttv pm and frm
from Armnic. Antmamtf. head, and eOurmtb-*,
tttmen infitrtaui to health. Wo can therefore
feoonuaeod it for ail culinary and driniin#-
purpnqee. Beipectfulty yoara. -- .
JUQCBTTS m BAN&8, I
CbenUBtatotboN. T. Metal BxohanW
Buiuisst Oiuis Casted ul Aisamisu Fan
FREE DENTAL CLINIC
FOR THE POOR.
Open Sundays : and Evenings. - Teeth ex-
tracted free. Graduates of dentistry onl/.
Small charge for material.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL C0LLE8B,
3 Taylor at., cor. Golden Gate ar*.
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and. Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline} Water
"220 BROADWAT. M. J,