PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN ' ¦ FRANCISCO; T^
VOLUME XCII-KO. 10.
SHRINER PILGRIMS HARE ARRIVED
AND ARE NOW GUESTS OF THE CITY
' The- electric . illumination - along .Market
and Kearny streets last night was .a suc
cess. The illumination of The "Call build
ing was generally admired. for its beauty
and completeness. The ¦ strings of lamps
extending from the ferry building to Lar
kin street, broken at intervals with 1 radi
ant symbols of the Mystic Shrine, pre
sented a scene of briiliant color, in' nowise
inferior "to "the occasions which have
rcssed ¦ into history. Tlie ferry building
was /especially ; attractive, and its , beauty
was .commented ; upon by. every J visitor. .
ILLUMINATED STREETS.
an • occasion' which .. brought " many thou
sands of ; people into the. streets, and for
several hours locomotion along /Market
street was .' extremely, difficult. ¦- •"
The events of the week will be j open-id
with the parade this morning. The first
session . of ' the Imperial ', Council will be
held at 11 o'clock, and Imperial Potentate
Shaffer will be appropriately escorted to
i-folden Gate Hall by the ; Shrlners from
all parts .^of the Union. An imposing spec
tacle "is promised, but It will not. be as
complete as the parade this; evening,
which will doubtless brjng^out o"ne;of the
largest crowds ever seen in this /city.
The- features r of "^ the /evening 'parade 'will
be ¦ unique in . many. : respects.
The Illumination was a success, and hun
dreds'of pilgrims, in commenting. upon its
brilliance,. said they had' never.. before wit
nessed anything that approached it in ex
tent and grandeur.
.At 2 o'clock thl3 afternoon there will b»
a reception by the ladles to the visiting:
Nobles at the Lick House. Many of the
best known ladies in the city will assist
in entertaining all who may come.
Shrlners at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, June 9.— Many Shrlnera
bound "for the oasis of San Francisco
made short stops here to-day. A special
made .up '.of six cars and carrying about
sixty members of Zenobia Temple, Toledo.
Ohio; Moslem Temple, Detroit, and Zem
Zem Temple, Erie, Pa., arrived here a c
daylight from Del Monte and remained
until, noon. Families and friends of th<>
Shrlners accompanied them. -Local mem
bers of the order met them at the depot
and took them for a drive about the city.
Day Is Spent in Fraternal Visiting and
VIEWS OF SHRINERS MARCHING FROM THE FERRT. TO HEADQUARTERS. THE RECEPTION OF THE
,; OMAHA CARAVAN BY NOBLES OF ISLAM TEMPLE, AND THE ARRIVAL OF THE LOS ANGELES PIL
*. grims from; the sunny southland." ...- '".T. : .'/. •;-',¦;.. .. ' .
The ¦ visiting patrols and -.. bands ¦>. made
several .fraternal visits to the various
headquarters during the day; and evening.
The Denver contingent serenaded the I of
llces of the newspapers in- the afternoon,
and their,, excellent, playing, as well", as
picturesque ; garb, attracted ; large crowds
at Market and -Third; streets. :The local
Shriners^ and Los 'Angeles contingents last
night marched ' to • t he .various i hotels; be
hind" bands of , music <and: serenade'd the
visiting nobles I and » their* friends. . It r svaa
Another. prominent Shrlner who arrived
yesterday from SL : Paul,, Minn., Is M.iA.
Beckman. .Besides being high in Masonic
"circles, i Noble' Beckman Is the supreme
arch of the Supreme Grove ofxthe ; United
States, -United :; Ancient Order' of . : Druids.
He was; met. at. the ferry landing" by'- No
ble Grand'Ach ¦ Julius . S. Godeau, j whp in
a carriage' escorted him to his hbteU
Sinclair, '. who accompanies . the shrine, . is
the commander of its Arab patrol. '¦'. The
latter) is colonel of 'the. First Regiment of
the # National " Guard of the . State of Mis
souri. The' 'visiting . Shriners.: from, St.
Louis carry with them a ' handsome silk
flag, which was presented to them by the
Louisiana Purchase \ Expositlon.'ahd is the
first world's . exposition ' flag made. This
was . displayed „ at all • points en route , to
the -Western oasis, and it will be in i evi
dence, in .the parade to-day* and also at
headquarters. in the California Hotel. V.
Among the prominent' members of the
St. Louis : Temple, Moolah, now In this
city .is^ William M. > Porteous, illustrious
potentate of/that shrine. Colonel C. A.
LEADING NOBLES HERE.
• Aniong. ; the visiting- Nobles are many
representative business , men and others
equally noted In the professions. The
more prominent of the Shriners of Amer
ica are gathered in the city, and their en
tertainment" by the local Shrlners is 'now
the sole thought' of resident Nobles. Only
one idea' prevails, namely, that the visit
ors • when they take their departure will
do so "With, the full realization of what
hospitality: in San Francisco really sig
nifies. "It is desired that the story of the
entertainment of the pilgrims which they
will tell when reporting-to their respective
temples shall, be. of an unequivocal char
acter, and, one which will redound to the
credit of-Ban Francisco and her people. ,•
and flowed. Hundreds of ladles visited the
quarters . during the. day and, garbed as
they- were for the greater part in light
summer costumes, they imparted a fresh
ness to the scene, that : was gratifying to
every visitor of the sterner sex. The
buffet, , stocked with flnfe wines and other
sparkling, vintages, was not neglected by
the multitude. The Nobles of Islam
treated every visitor as a guest and in
true "Eastern -style the-thirst of all alike
was satisfied without stint.
Immense crowds thronged \ the various
headquarters far into the evening. This
was especially true at the rooms of Islam
Temple in the « Call .Annex, j Secretary
Lutz was busy as a beaver all day an
swering questions of the visiting Nobles
and arranging the /thousand and one de
tails which the rush necessarily entailed.
In another room Professor Anderson
handed out badges as fast as the pilgrims
presented themselves, j and -in '•' the main
office a line of applicants for tickets to
the various functions "¦} ceaselessly "ebbed
HEADQUABTERS CEOWDED.
pilgrims from Maine elbowed swarthy
Nobles from Texas, and all were hail fel
low well met, bound by the ties of fra-^.
ternlty and friendship. The men wore
for the greater part the red fez, while
many of the. women looked charming with
their fezes of white bordered with gold
fringe. Every representative Noble wore
the badge of his'temple as well as those
presented to the visitors by the local com
mittee as souvenirs. . Every variety of
badge was in evidence, some being ' of
bronze, others of polished brass, wood and
silk. The designs were emblematic of the
order to which; the wearers owe allegi
ance . and the meeting of. which at this
time is responsible for the heglra to the
Golden Gate of trie most representative
claps of citizens of which . the East may
boast.
~qt T was an extremely active day. In
lj Ehrlner circles yesterday.' From
B early morning till late at night the
Jy Eastern pilgrims were kept busy
exchanging greetings with. and re
ceiving the assurances of fraternal
respect from their fellow Shrlners of the
Pacific Coast With the parade this morn-
Ing the Btlrring events of the imperial
sessions in this city will have beer^- for
mally Inaugurated. . " ' " "
The caravans from the East kept pour-
Ing into the city in a ceaseless stream all
day. In order that the . wayfarers so far
from home might not experience the chill-
Ing blast of a lukewarm welcome some
forty of the reception committee and
patrols were constantly on duty at the
ferry, and as each party arrived the
warm hospitality of San Francisco' was
extended. Large crowds gathered at the
ferry to witness the sights, and It is
needless to say that with the shouts, of
"Es Selamu Aleikum," together with
more hearty salutations expressed In
forceful English ringing in their ears, the
onlookers had enough to occupy, their at
tentio.i to prevent attacks of ennui.
Before the last of the specials arrived in
the city the streets presented an animated
appearance. E very where t the symbols of*
Islam and of the prophet,^ the ' scimlter.
: ctum and crescent were rlsl Wen Sturdy'
Caravans A re Accorded r a Hearty Wejeome by ih^ Nobles.
oiSah Francisco Tetnples.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Sweet Girl Graduates.
Acting under orders from Captain of De
tectives Martin, the detectives went forth
yesterday in quest of bunko men, so that
the visiting Shriners would not be tempt
ed.by the glitter of gold bricks or the pos
session of high hands drawn from • cold
decks of cards. As a result of the sleuths'
search, seven of the fraternity spent the
night at the Central station and will re
main there until the visitors have depart
ed and the town settles back into ordi
nary conditions. None of the men were
charged with any crime, but will be de
tained on the "small" book.
Police Protect Pilgrims.
Miss M. Johnston, Miss E. E. Hammond,
Miss Berard. Misa M. Torpey, Miss M. Fitz
gerald, Mrs. Rlddell, Miss L. Morgan, Miss D.
Fallon, Mtsa M. Monahan.N Miss Pavidson,
Miss A. Martin, MlssN. Gambetz, Miss A.
Carey, Miss *A. Barry. Miss D. Page, Misses
Elsie Sohou, Leona Lawrence. Etta Edwards,
Gertrude Whlteside, May Rellly, Alice Potter,
Clara Malmedy, Louise . Boeople. Jennie Gar
ren, Lillian Mlddleton, Hazel Hooper, Elsla
Hlnderer, Amelia ! Gamaud, Kate O'Connor,
Messrs. Otto Klahn, Eddie Molloy. Leslie Cres
well, Gu8 Peck. Gus Bireren, Clifford Curry
and Hall Thome.
The graduating class 'of the, Falrmount
Grammar School tendered ' a delightful
luncheon to the teachers of the school
last Friday afternoon. The luncheon
proved to be a most delightful affair.
Those present were:
Graduates Entertain Teachers.
Large crowds of Shriners and their
friends viewed the sights in Chinatown
last night. Every available guide was
•pressed into service and many were
obliged to find their way about without di
rection' from any one acquainted with the
territory. . During the night It is esti
mated that at least 5000 strangers found
interest in the doings of Little China and
satisfied their curiosity as to things much
written about concerning the colony of
heathens. The Josshouses were thronged
and the "dope" fiends, who smoke for the
amusement of visitors, carried away their
dimes and nickels in sacks. The restau
rants were well patronized, and chop suey
and other Chinese delicacies were, much
in demand. A Chinese festival in progress
was the occasion for brilliant decorations
and much racket, all of which were heart
ily enjoyed.'
Shriners Visit Chinatown.
Market street was thronged with • an
eager, expectant crowd, which jostled and
surged back and forth to get a glimpse
of the peculiarly attired Shriners as they
marched up the street, the bands playing
"She Never Saw the Streets of Cairo,"
One of the . Al Malaikahs held up a
chart coVered with Oriental hieroglyphics,
and as he pointed to each figure the rest
of the Malaikahs sang a song that was
toth strange and queer. The words were
in German and the song had a 4 weird
Oriental rhythm that was most fascinat
ing.
The Los Angeles Temple is the origin-:
ator -of the song, and prize it as they, do
the secrets of the Mystic Shrine.
Islam Temple gave their, temple yell,
which is, translated: o;, : - .•."-_ •,
Islam, Islam, Islam.
After the jollification the two temples,
with their bands, marched to the Palace,
Grand, Islam headquarters and in turn
to every delegation in the city, bidding
them welcome to the city.
It was visiting night for the nobles of
tho different temples last evening. Every
delegation in . town , visited and was in
turn visited. Islam Temple, with its head
quarters at the Lick, started out with a
hand to call upon all the temples. It was
met, however, at the door by the Al
Malaikah Temple of Los Angeles, which,
with its own band, had come down to
vicit the Islam boys. They both repaired
to the large- and beautifully decorated
dance hall of the hotel and spent several
minutes amusing each other with drills,
yells and music.
ing in Making Pleasant Calls.
Various Delegations Spend the Even-
NOBLES GO VISITING.
mas, Miss Florence Hostrawser; Riverside, Miss
Susie Murphy; Sacramento, Miss C. W. Mor
ton; San Benito, Miss Carrie E. Miller; San
Bernardino, Misa Mary Thurber; ! San Diego,
Miss Opal Pierce; San Francisco, Miss Mabel
Gunn; San Joaquln, Miss Kitty Smith; San
Luis Obispo, Miss D. W. Carrlson; San Mateo,
Miss Lillian Johnson: Santa Barbara, Miss An
nie Adams; Santa Clara, Miss C. A. Decatur:
Santa Cruz, Miss Florence H. Wanzer; Shasta,
Miss Jennie Wall; Sierra. Miss Carrie Smith;
SlBkiyou, Miss Minnie Goane;. Solano, Miss
Bronson; Sonoma, Miss Constance Johnson;
Stanislaus, Mies Harris; Sutter,- Miss Alice
Johnson; Tehama, Mits Ethel Gwln; .Trinity,
Miss Irene Downs: Tulare, Miss Shirley Levln
scn; Tuolumne, Miss Carrie Burden; Ventura,
Miss Maud Fitzgerald: Tolo. Miss Mabel Buck-
Icy; Yuba, Miss Mary Doyle.
The committee voted to make a month
ly allowance of $200 to assist the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association in
its work, and also to allow $50 per month
to the Sacramento Chamber of Com
merce in connection • with the mainte
nance of an exhibit at Ogden in a build
ing the Sacramento Chamber of Com
merce has erected.
I officer, but will remain a member of the
Promotion Committee. . .
the "Hula Hula" and other Oriental
ditties.
• TO-DAY.
9a. m. — Parade moving from Market and New Montgomery streets to Golden Gate Hall, where the
Imperial Council will meet. The line of march will be along Montgomery street to California, thence to
Kearny, to Market, to Stockton, to Sutter, to Golden Gate Hall. . .
2 p. m. — Ladies* reception to Nobles and their friends at the Lick House.
7 p. m.—Night parade of Nobles and rally at the Pavilion.
WEDNESDAY.
Morning— Trip to Tamalpais. Afternoon — Reception by Los Angeles Temple at the Palace. Even
ing — Promenade concert at Pavilion.
¦ ' THURSDAY.
Morning— Drive to Cliff, Presidio and through Park. Afternoon— Competitive drill at Oakland
Park. Evening — Concert in the Pavilion. ' t .
FRIDAY.
Morning — Trip by rail on wishbone track. Evening — Ball at the Pavilion.
SATURDAY.
Morning— Excursion on the bay. Evening— Banquet in the Pavilion.
PROGRAMME OF EVENTS DURING SHRINER WEEK.
Civil Service Examination.
On July 8 and 9 examinations for the
following positions will be held In Saa
Erancisco and other cities: Inspector, to
act aa interpreter (Finnish and Scandina
vian languages), at Boston, Mass., at a
salary of $1000 per annum; computer/
Coast and Geodetic Survey, salary J1000
per annum, open to males and females,
age limit 20 years or over; inspector ot
hulls, steamboat Inspection aewice. at
Evansvllle, Ind.. salary $1200 per annum.
age limit 25 to 55 years. Persons who de
sire to compete should apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission, Wash
ington, or to the secretary of the local
board of examiners,.- postomce/for appli
cation forms. Which ¦ should be filed with
the commission at Washington.
pie; Syria, Pittsburg, Pa., 100 people; -Al
Kader, Portland, Ore., 100 people; Al Mal
aikah, Los Angeles, 400 people; Hella, Dal
las, Texas; Syrian, Cincinnati, 120 people;
Shaffer, Philadelphia, 150 people; Medlnah,
Chicago,. 160 people; Moolah, St. Louis, 125
people. .
Other temples now in towu are: Mecca
and McGee parjty, JSfe.W York City. 222 peo
ple Ballna';rKansa's; 65 people; Dam
ascus, Rochester, "New Tor— : Ismalia,
Buffalo, Is. Y., 104 peopie; Al Koran,
Cleveland, O.. •¦• 115 people; Moila, St.
Joseph, "Mo., Abdallah,.- Lrfavenworth, Mo.,
141 people; Za Za Zlg. Des-Molnes, la.;
Lu Lu, Philadelphia; El Zagal. Fargo. N.
D., 45 people.. .
DRUM AND FIFE CORPS.
The El Jebel Temple, from Denver, had
a fine drum and fife corps of sixty-five.
They presented a fine appearance march-
Ing up Market street, all arrayed in their
the ferry or railroad depot they
were hospitably welcomed by the mem
bers "of the - reception committee who
awaited them. The last party to arrive
was Moolah Temple, from St. Louis, that
special coming in at 5:30 p. m. *v
Each delegation was met at the ferry by
the local reception committee and the Is
lam Arab patrol, forty-one in number, all
In smart uniforms and carrying their so
ciety emblem, the star and crescent. The
boys wore cardinal blouses and leggings,
gray trousers, purple coats, yellow sash,
white necktie and the Shriner cap. A band
accompanied the patrol. The various tem
ples were escorted by the patrol to the
quarters assigned to them.
THE last of the Shriner caravans
reached the city yesterday aft
ernoon. At all hours during tho
day the Incoming temples ar
rived, and as soon as the pil
grims presented themselves at
THE Shriners* parade tbjs
evening promises to furnish a
scene of picturesque beauty such
as has not been witnessed in
this city since the memorable
procession of the Native Sons
* during the semi-centennial cel
ebration. Grand Marshal Reuben P.
Hurlbut has estimated that there will be
from eight to ten thousand Shriners in
line. The number, however, will be the
least important' factor, as the parade
throughout Its length will be a gorgeous
spectacle. The marching caravans, with
each individual arrayed in Arabic cos
tume, will impart to the procession the
flavor of an oriental pageant.
The course of the parade along Market
street will be beneath a veritable flood of
radiance. The thousands of Incandescent
lights which have been strung at regular
intervals across the street will all be .
sparkling, and many of the public build
ings will be brilllanty iluminated to light
the marching hosts on their way.
The parade will be divided into
thirteen divisions and each will be
hetaded by a band. Drum corps
and bands will also be Interspersed
through all the divisions so that
there will be music enough for alL The
parade will form at 7 o'clock sharp
and the start will be made at 8*
o'clock. The grand marshal promises that
there will be no delay in getting off
prompOy on time. The line of march will
be from Market and Ninth streets down
Market to Montgomery, countermarching
to Ninth street. It is expected that the
parade will be doubled along its entire
length and that when the head reaches
Ninth street on the countermarch the rear
division will just be commencing to move.
On reaching Ninth street those mounted
will dismount and those in carriages will
alight and the entire parade will pro
ceed to Mechanics' Pavilion, where it will
be reviewed by Imperial Potentate Philip
G. Shaffer.
FEATURES OF THE PARADE.
One of the special features and in all
probability the one which will excite the
most interest will be the maneuvers of
the Arab patrols. There will be six pa
trols In ail and each rider will be dressed
tn Arabic costume. Thirty Shriners
mounted on white horses magnificently
caparisoned will comprise the patrol of
the local temple. Islam Temple enter
tains a feeling of great pride for this pa
trol, and well it may, as $1200 has been ex
pended in properly equipping horses and
riders. It was this patrol that under the
leadership of Reuben P. Hurlbut, the
grand marshal of the present parade, won
the prize at Louisville.
All along the line of march the patrols
will execute maneuvers. The horses will
not be allowed for a moment to walk, but
will be kept continually running, wheel
ing and prancing. Each patrol will be al
lowed to eo through Its maneuvers but
the movements will not be allowed to de
lay the parade. The horses have been
Ehod with rubber shoes, so as not to slip
on the asphaltum.
There will be floats representing scenes
In various countries. There will be four
wagon trains, each drawn by eight voke
of oxen. The trains will be under* the
supervision of H. F. Burns and will be
filled with pioneers. These wagons drawn
by the sturdy oxen are intended to be
emblematic of the trains that were used
by the pioneers In crossing the great
prairie in the early days of California,
and they may also be considered as em
blematic of the caravans drawn by the
faithful camels and used by the Arabs of
the desert. Several of the temples will
Lave camels in line, and Al Kader of Or
egon will be there with a whole drove of
the stately beasts.
THE MORNING PARADE.
There will also b* a parade In the morn
ing, but this event is not intended so
much for the eyes of spectators as It 1*
to furnish a proper escort for the Im
perial Council at .Golden Gate Hall. Reu
ben P. Hurlbut will act as grand marshal,
end he will be assisted by the same aids
ee will serve at the grand parade in the
evening.
The morning parade will form on New
Montgomery street, with its right resting
en Market eJtreet. It will commence to
move at 9 o'clock. The line of march will
fce up Montgomery street to California, to
Kearny to Market, to Stockton to Post,
to Powell to Sutter and thence to Golden
Gat© H*1L
The parade will be> composed of 1000
men, 100 of whom will be mounted and
attired in white. Appropriate music will
be furnished, and, although the parade is
not really intended as a display for the
public, nevertheless it will prove a very
pretty epectade.
For the parade in the evening the grand
marshal has issued the following direc
tions:
Formation from Tenth to Ninth street,
column of threes; at Ninth street, column of
sixes, open order. Thie formation to be main
tained until arrival at Ninth street on counter
march. Form column of threes and enter Pa
vilion, passing review in column of sixes.
The order of the parade is as follows:
Platoon Mounted Police — Reuben P. Hurlbut,
Grand Marshal.
Gurtava H. Umbsea. Chief of Staff.
"William U. Edwards, chairman of Parade
Committee. I
Chief aids — Charles Biles. Louis Arzner. J.
H. Goldman. A. T. Gunn, G. F. H. McBride.
Txniis Rtelger, J. H. Hammersmith, Morris
SlminoS.
Aids to the Marshal — Frank W. Marston,
George H. Pippy. H. Madison, G«orge W.
Bauer, Walter N. Brunt, James Spaulding: J
A. Deroto. H. W. GoodaJl. E. P. Hulm, J. R.
Knowland, A. P. Leach, William Mooser,
George s. Ar.dres. Al Kendell. M. E. Galnes,
Harry tTmbaen. W. W. Stocker. W. L. Hugh
son, James McNab, J. H. Wilkins, R. J. Taua
•ig, Byron Mauxy.
Mounted buglers — Mounted escort, George F.
Kea.1. captain; Imperial Potentate, Phillip C.
Ehaffer; Illustrious Potentate, Islam Temple,
Charles H. Murphy; pioneer wagon trains,
mounted guards and Indians.
FIRST DIVISION.
H. P. St«el. marshal; El Jebel Drum Corps,
Bixty-flve pieces; aids— Charlea A. Tracy, J C
Lerpet, Bam B. Miller; drum corps from- Den
rer; El Jebel Temple, Abdallah Temple. El
Zag&l Temple. El Z&iibah Temple. Isls Tem
ple, Sesostris Temple. Tangier Temple.
SECOND DIVISION
THIRD DIVISION.
Charles A. Benedict, marshal; baoa; Mecca.
Temple, Aleppo Temple, Boumi Temple. Cyprus
Temple, Damascus Temple, Ismailla Temple
Kismet Temple. Media Temple, Sphinx Temple
Kcra Temple.
WUllam H. Walker, marshal; band; Syria.
Temple. Lu Lu Temple. Rajah Temple. Almas
Temple.
FOURTH DIVISION.
John B. McCune, marshal; band; Aladdin
Temple, Al Koran Temple. Moslem Temple, Sa.
ladln Temple, Syrian Temple. •
FIFTH DIVISION.
John W. Swatek, marshal; band; Medlnah
Temple. Murat Temple, Tripoli Temple, -Za Ga
Zig Temple, Zurah Temple.
SIXTH DIVISION. •
W. M. Porteous, marshal; band; Moolah
Temple, Alee Temple, Ararat Temple, Hamasa
Temple. Hella Temple. Moila Temple. ..
; SEVENTH DIVISION.
W. D. Hyland. marshal; band; Al Kader
Temple; Idaho and Washington; the wongs
from Oakland and Alameda, under command
of W. S. Taylor.
EIGHTH DIVISION.
Robert Wankowski, marshal; band; Los An
geles, Al Malaikah Temple.
NINTH DIVISION.
Louis Breuner, marshal; band; aids — Frank
W. Marston. E. H. McKee. C. Harvey; Islam
Temple, north of Suisun Bay.
TENTH DIVISION.
G. W. Baker, marshal; band 1 ; aids — J. A.
nrltton, V. W. Gaskell, L. L. Nelson, Frank
K. Wall. E. K. Taylor- Salam Temple of Ala
meda: counties south of Suisun Bay.
• ELEVENTH DIVISION.
R. B. Moore, marshal; band; Islam of San
Francisco.
TWELFTH DIVISION.
Thomas H. Browne, marshal; band; second
section of Islam Temple.
THIRTEENTH DIVISION.
Charles L. Field, marshal; band; Imperial
Council.
MENU CARD A. WORK OF ART.
Committee on Banquet Preparing a
Splendid Programme for Sat
urday Night.
The souvenlr^nenu card that will be is
sued at the grand banquet in the Me
chanics' Pavilion on Saturday, the last
night of Shriner week. Is a work of art.
It is being prepared by Noble George
Spaulding, a member of Islam Temple
and one of the executive body of the cele
bration committee. The cover Is leather,
In which there is a long, oblong opening.
Around the upper part of this opening are
photographs of Arabic figures. Under the
opening is a piece of light-blue cardboard,
at the top of which is a fleeting cloud of
gold and below are three golden poppies,
emblematic of the State. On the pages
within are the menu, the* music for the
evening and the list of toasts; after the
election there will be added the names of
the new officers of the Imperial Council,
as well as those of the executive^ commit
tee of Islam Temple.
The following la the musical programme
to be rendered during the banquet:
Jubel .*. . .Weber
"A Caravan Episode" Hall
American fantasle, picture of North and
South Bendix
Intermezzo "Cavalleria Ruaticana." . . Mascagni
Sketch, "Alabama Rose" Hills
Selections from "Robin Hood" De Koven
Indian war dance Ballstedt
Popular eongs Wltmark
Idyl, "Evening Bells". , Eilenberg
Cake walk '. .Tryon
Ball scenes Czibulka
March, "Stars and Stripes" .- Soufta
The following are the toasts and the
names of those selected to respond:
¦ Welcome. Noble Charles H. Murphy, illus
trious potentate Islam Temple; "The Imperial
Council," Noble Henry A. Akin, who will be the
next imperial potentate; "California," Noble
Samuel M. Shortridge; "Shriners," Noble Wil
liam B. Mellsh of Ohio, paet Imperial poten
tate; "The Laymen of the Shrine," Noble For
rest Adair of Georgia: "Our Country," Noble
John H. Anvood of Kansas, past imperial
potentate. .
LADIES WILL BE SPONSORS.
Review and Rally in Mechanics' Pa-
vilion Certain to Be Attractive.
.The review of the parade to-night . in
• Mechanics' Pavilion and the rally which
will follow promise to furnish a very en
joyable time. The interior of the Pavilion
has been attractively decorated, and when
the immense hall is filled with the Shrin
ers in their fantastic costumes a scene
will be produced that will probably not
soon be forgotten.
The following young ladies have been
chosen to represent and become sponsors
for the Nobles from their respective coun
ties at the rally this evening:
Alameda, Miss Zada Whipple; Alpine, M!s3
Tkssie Baker; Amador, Miss Jennie Holden 4
Butte, Miss Lizzie F. Baker; Calaveras, Miss
Madeline Young; Colusa, Miss Kitty Mitchell;
Contra Costa, Stiss Rose Dunleavy; Del Monte
MIes Gettie N. Stoddard; El Dorado, Miss Dolly
Echeverria; Fresno, Miss Lena Wolff; Glenn
Miss Kitty S. Corbett; Humboldt, Miss Annie
Burton; Inyo. Miss Birdie Hesler; Kern, Miss
Loulea Caret; Kings, Miss Bertha Burton ;
Lake Miss Frances Sheldon; Lassen, Miss Lll-
U?. n u Pe JJ lt i er: Los An Ke'e8. Mrs. George A.
T} l f£ : Mader a. Miss Minnie Nace; Marln, Mise
Nellie Warren; Marlpona, Miss P. S. Korbltt-
Mendocino, Miss Jennie Wisecarver; Merced.
Miss Dollle Lebrecht; Modoc, Miss Maud
Phlpps; Mono. Miss Bertha Teicheit; Monterey,
Miss Daisy Scott; Napa, Miss Nellie Strohl;
Nevada, MIbs F. L. Shlrkield; Orange. Miss
Clara Phlppg; Placer. Miss Jean Wilson; Plu-
The temples and the number of Shrin
ers which arrived yesterday are as .fol
lows: Zuhrah, Minneapolis; El Kahir,
Cedar Rapids;. Tangier, Omaha, Sesostris,
Lincoln, 150 people; El Jebel, Denver,
Shriners' patrol, Denver, 125 people; Ara
rat, Kansas City, 165 people; Aladdin, Co
lumbus, O. ; Murat, Indianapolis, 155 peo-
LIST OF ARRIVAIiS.
ferry were, P. N. Carson, C. S. Benedict,
W. S. Gage, J. C. Spaulding, L. A. Arz
ner, R. B. Hale and H. iu. Furcnan.
The officers and men- of the Arab patrol
are: Captain, George Filmer; senior
warden, K.M.-Moores.: Junior warden, W.
P. Humphreys; adjutant* A. J. de Lamar;
men, Robert Ash, William Glinderman,
J. Lafferty, W. J. Blain, H. S. Hutchings,
Edward Stephenson, A. B. Wood,. N. T.
Crossman, H. R. Browne.- J. A. Rathbun,
J, H. Blakely, George Thompson, : J. P.
Jaegling, 8. . K. Overgard, George < W.
Lippmari, F. Or Raabe, G. E. Bacon,; Dr.
¦C.--M: Tropproan, Thomas' Trebell, Charles
H. "Van Orden.- D.';Mt.~ Martens, .William
Thomas, R. L. Hathorri.'S. W. Ottenheim
er,~W. ,G. Motley,, A/ W. . Turpln. J. 'G.
Leibold, Dr. E. R. Bryant, W. P. Filmer,
Joseph . Abrams. V. Gehret,- Dr. Bushnell,-
P/Jacobovich, M. Mangrum, S." Meyerson,
Bugler, E. L. Worth.' •.» ?. .-¦•. r-" ' ; " "¦•'
The members of the reception com
mittee as well as the patrol deserve great
credit for the way in which they worked,
in receiving and escorting the various del
egations to their respective lodgings.
Those of the reception committee at the
DESERVING OF CREDIT.
There was much speculation among the
Islam patrol boys .as to;_'.wh;3t»;time.: the
St. Louis ¦¦ delegation - wojndv arrive; — ;;The
patrol and band went down to meetthn
St. Louis temple at 4:5§p. nt., ; and" as ,the*
boat neared the- slip the band Btruck; up
"Way Down in,pixie,''.but'.as ftoon aa it
was discovered ttiat thi&hri^ersTwere not
aboard the leader signaled to" the band to
play "Ain't That a Shame", a - -Measley
Shame." When they did finally arrive,
however, 150 strong, wearing 'gray f eit
hats with blue, red and yellow bands,
badges and displaying the symbols • of
their lodge, they marched briskly to their
headquarters up Market street behind the
Islam patrol and band.
white uniforms. .' .' ".. -'¦¦'. •',
Temple AJ Malaikah of ! . Los Angeles
marched from the I depot at Third and
Townsend streets with/ their .own patrol
and band. All of the - Shriners with the
exception of a few straggling parties are
now in the city. ' •' ' *•.¦/
VIEW OF THE DECORATIONS IN MECHANICS' PAVILION, WHERE A RALLY OF 5HRINER5\yiLL BE HELD TO-NIGHT.
The Islam Temple headquarters next to
The Call building had the words "Oasis
of Islam" spelled in huge blazing letters
across its front. A large shield of -white
lights covered the whole front of the
buildirg. . Hale Bros." and Breuner'3
buildings on Market street were artistic
ally decorated with colored lights and
symbols of the Mystic Shrine. In front
of the Hearst building was a huge camel
and rider with the Shriners* symbol, all
outlined with a gorgeous array of vari
colored lamps. The Palace Hotel was out
lined in white lights. Raphael's, S. N.
Wood's, the Emporium and Chroniclo
buildings all added to the blaze of lights.
Blazoned in huge letters high above tha
street between the Hearst and Chronicle
buildings were the mystic letters, "Ea
Selamu Aleikum." Strung at regular In
tervals across Market street, from the
ferry building to City Hall avenue were
strings of electric lights, with an occa
sional Shriner emblem in the form of a
camel, scimiter, cap and star In colored
The Illumination attracted thousands of
people, • and until 11 o'clock passageway
along Market street was extremely diffi
cult. The spectacle will be presented
nightly until the close of the Shriner f es«
tlvities. _____ ".;.¦-
It Is doubtful if a better illumination
has ever been seen here. Most of the
large buildings were covered with incan
descent lights of all colors. The ferry
building was a magnificent spectacle.
Every line of the structure had b«en fol
lowed out with strings of lights, giving
it the appearance of a huge electric tower.
One of the prettiest sights was the Claus
Spreckels building, with its massive sides
and towering dome beautifully lighted
with an artistic blend of yellow, red and
white lights. The City Hall presented
another grand display of what can be ac
complished in the way of decorating with
Incandescent lamps.
To one standing upon Twin Peaks and
gazing; down upon the city it seemed aa
though the streets of San Francisco were
all aoiaze.
street, extending from the ferry
building 1 to Larkln street, shed their radi
ant glare without a tremor for several
hours, presenting a scene the like of
which few of the visiting Shriners doubt- _
less have ever before beheld.
SAN FRANCISCO burst out Into a
blaze of electric glory at 8 o'clock
last night, when Market and
Kearny streets were illuminated
for the first time. Thousands of
incandescent lights on Market
Thousands of . Nobles
to Appear in Line
of March To-Night
Pilgrims From the
East Voice Their
Hearty Admiration
Imperial Potentate
Will Be Escorted
in Brilliant Style
Street Illuminations
Attract Attention of
Admiring Throngs
THE SAN FRANGISCCX CALL, TUESDAY/ JUNE
IMPOSING PARADES OF NOBEES MORNING AND EVENING
WILL BE FEATURES OF THE SHRINER FESTIVAL TO-DAY
Will Transact Business in Future a:
Office of State Board of
Trade.*
- The California Promotion Committee
decided yesterday to '-remove its .offices
to the State Board of Trade quarters.
Rufus P. Jennings resigned as executive
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
CHOOSES NEW QTJARTEBS
Itching-, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Pllt*
No cure. No Pay. r All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Paio Ointment to refund
money where It falls to cure any case of piles
no matter of bow long standing- Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest.' Relieves
itching Instantly. , This is a new discovery, and
\3 the only . pile remedy sold 'on positive guar
antee, no. cure, no pay. A free sample will be
sent by mail to any one sending name and' ad
dress. ¦ Price, 60c. If your druggist don't keep
it in stock. send COo in stamps and we will for
ward ! full size Box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., . St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. '
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Among: the visiting Shriners from Kan
sas are J. M. Yost, the largest manufac
turer of flour in that State; James H.
Reeder, candidate for District Judge in
the Sixth Judicial District, and Charles
Reeder. All are from Hays City.
Shriners From Kansas.
The graduating class of the Hearst
Grammar School held exercises irt Devisa
dero-street Hall last Friday evening:. Lil-
He Akmann and Maybelle Farrena were
awarded Denman medals. Following: are
the graduates: Rena Efflnger, Lillie Ak
mann, Maybelle Farrens, Euphemia Jar
dine, Mable Magrath, Loren Taber, Mar
quam Graeter, Grace Wolpert, Emily
Winters, Alma Peterson, Irene Glennon
Emma Angelo, Edith .Graham, Lillian
Olsen and Antoinette Kenake. -
2
Befo re y ou
. ¦ ¦
go away
I to the country order a heat summer suit and you will en-
joy your vacation more when you know that you areprop-
eriy at'ired Whi e a good many men prefer a light
pattern of gray or :omething similar, there is still a strong
demand for blue in light weights — the coats come
\ in so handy to wear with duck trousers.
: Whatever ycur whim is on the clothes question we
can p.case you — please you in the material, the making,
\ the style, the fit, and, above all, the price.
Suits made to measure
from $10.00 to $30.00.
We would be most pleased to give you samples of the materials.
We would like you to compare them with what you get elsewhere—
your practical judgment will tell you where to order.
Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through our self'
measuring system — write for samples.
718 Market St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets.
Powders, Pills and Tablets
may temporarily relieve the
pain, bat \
HorsfordV
Acid Phosphate
CUBES the cause of the
Headache, so that the pain
does not recur. It improves
appetite, perfects digestion
and nutrition, induces rest-
ful sleep, and strengthens the
entire system, increasing ca-
pacity for labor.
JUobA aw «¦ wj CIS HIS* p«k«j»The Call has demanded an in
vestigation of its charges, and
Governor Gage declared that
such an inquiry should be held.
* What do the people of the
State of California think of the
methods of an "investigation"
pursued by Governor Gage, as
sisted by Warden Aguirre, Dan
Kevane, etc., and the three pris
oner's who forged bills and falsi-
bills and falsify the prison rec-
If the Prison Directors hold an
investigation, Governor Gage, do
you think the records of San
Quentin and those from Sacra
mento will be in exactly the same
condition as they were before
you locked yourself up in a room
at San Quentin prison and held
heart-to-heart talks with War
den Aguirre, J. A." Aguirre, Dan
Kevane, your former "outside
law partner'* in Los Angeles, and
three prisoners — Crosby, - Van
Horn and Weber, the inmates o«
fied records?
And this "investigation" by the
Governor has been held behind
locked doors in San Quentin
prison, and the "investigators"
have even had .their meals served
inside that iocked room.
The Call repeats all of its
charges and will prove them. If
Governor Gage desires, the Call
will give him an exact account of
what was s # erved to him for his
meals in the "star chamber"
San Quentin prison administra
tion is a foul mass of corruption.
room where he has been investi
gating the affairs of San Quentin
prison and also sitting as his own
judge. In his subsidized press
Governor Gage says he is "inves
tigating the affairs of San Quen
tin prison and can find nothing
wrongs" This statement proves
how unfit Governor Gage is to
conduct an investigation. ,
Continued on Pago Four.
* | f HE CALL to-day publlnhe* the above photographs, further proving the existence of fraud In. San Quentin prison affairs.
I ' The photograph of the bill of Lev! Strauss 4: Co. was taken at Saoramento. The bill Is a public record of supplies sold to San
Quentin prison and paid for trlth public fnnds. Tie item* in the bill are for troodi supplied to Warden Agnlrre, irho li a bachelor. The
goods were not ordered on a. regular requisition blank. I They were ordered -verbally by ladies, who were residing: at tbe official resi
dence of Warden Aguirre at San Quentin prison. Can Warden Aguirre explain why some of the goods itemized on the 'bill were charged to
the prison account and paid for frith public funds? Did you, Warden Aguirre, require all the articles charged In this bill for your own use?
The photograph of the bird cage was taken In this city. The bird cage Is an elaborate piece of work. It Is finely carved and Inlaid
with pearl and shell. It was made by convicts in San Quentin prison. ¦, This 'bird cage, the photograph of which Is published In The Call to
day, was presented to a woman who keeps a house of ill-fame in this city.
Governor Gagre says tbere is nothing wrong with tbe administration of affairs at San Quentin prison. Will yon, Governor Gage, explain
why material worked upon by convicts at San Quentin prison and made into a valuable bird cage finds its way Into the possession of a scar-' i
let woman of San Francisco? ' . •
" PHOTOGRAPHS OF A BILL, THAT MAY BE EXPLAINED BY SAN QUBNTIN'S WARDEN, AND A BIRD CAGE.
prisoners who forged and fal
sified the records and accounts
of San Quentin prison ?
You, Governor Gage, pro
claimed in a 'loud voice that you
demanded a full and complete in
vestigation of the charges made
by the Call. Warden M. G.
Aguirre followed you in the same
strain, and your Board of Prison
Directors, through President
Fitzgerald, said that a thorough
investigation must be held by
themselves in the name of jus
tice. What has your Board of
Prison Directors done in the
matter of an investigation ? Ab
solutely nothing !
Why have you, Governor
Gage, taken the public records
from Sacramento and conveyed
them to San Quentin prison?
Why have you, Governor Gage,
sat in a locked room in San Quen
tin prison, together with Warden
Aguirre and Prisoners Crosby,
Van Horn and Weber?
In that room, Governor Gage,
you have had the public records
from Sacramento, consisting of
the original bills of accounts for
goods supplied to San Quentin
prison, including the forged bills
which the Call photographed
and published. You have also
had, Governor Gage, all the bills
and records of • San Quentin
prison in that room, and you have
been closeted with Prisoners
Crosby, Van Horn and Weber,
the men who were forced to forge
Gage, of forging bills'or falsifying
records, at that -time.- It had ac
cused' your pets^ofdbaying been
Before the Call published a list
of questions addressed to Warden
Aguirre as to the manufacture of
furniture in San Quentin prison
and the shipping of the same ta
ttle Governor's house, Governor
Gage rushed into print and de
clared that he had been libeled
and accused ofjerime. The Call
had not accusedryou, Governor
When this newspaper brought
the searchlight of publicity to
bear on the felonious transactions
carried on by State officials at
San Quentin prison it asserted
that Warden M. G. Aguirre was
the inspiring genius of the crimes
and that Governor Gage was the
beneficiary of some of these trans
actions. The Call again repeats
its charges, and is fully prepared
to prove each and every one of its
assertions.
FOR the past vreek Gov
ernor Gage has been em
ployed in holding a star
chamber "investigation" of
the affairs of San Quentin prison,
being closeted morning, noon
and night with Warden Aguirre
and the prisoners who were
forced to forge bills, falsify rec
ords and take part in the scandal
of forgery and felony, as recently
exposed by the Call.
guilty of these offenses and
charged that the prisoners em
ployed as bookkeepers had been
forced to commit felonies on the
orders of their official guardians.
WILL GAGE ANSWER?
Why, then, did you rush into
print and, in the columns of your
subsidized press assert, over
your signature, that you had been
wronged, and demand a. full and
complete investigation- of the
charges made as to the adminis
tration of San Quentin prison?
What kind of an investigation
arc you holding, Governor Gage,
in a room at San Quentin prison
behind locked doors?
What do the people of Califor
nia think of an investigation be
ing held by Governor Gage, who
himself asserts that he is accused
of crime? The accused is acting:
as his own judge, counsel for
prosecution and defense.
And think of the assistants you
have, Governor Gage, in your star
chamber investigation, behind
locked doors in San Quentin! You
are assisted by Warden M. G.
Aguirre and his brother, «J. A.
Aguirre, both of whom have been
accused by the Call, and you also
confer with three prisoners.
What do the people of Califor
nia think of Governor Gage con
ducting a secret investigation,
aided by Warden Aguirre and his
brother, Dan Kevane, secretary
to,the Board of Examiners and
formerly "outside law partner"
of Gage in Los Angeles, and three
Behind Locked Doors Within Prison Walls Governor Con
fers With the Aguirres, Kevane and Three Prisoners.
"Whitewash" Affidavit Is Secured From Employe
Til /fF^^^ documents are being prepared at San Quentin prison at the dictation of the officials. On Sunday evening last Commissary Foley, Assistant Commissary Gilardin and Steward Pretzel were required to sign a
/ 11/ if e P os '^ on to the effect that they had never furnished The Call with any information as to the affairs of San Quentin, and that they had no knowledge of any fraud, forgery or falsification of records in the com-
The deposition was prepared by Dan Kevane, former "outside law partner" of Governor Gage in Los Angeles. A prison vehicle was sent to San Rafael and the stenographer of the prison, C. M. Reynolds,
who is also a Notary Public, was brought in haste from his home to the penitentiary. When Reynolds arrived and Dan. Kevane 'had talked with him, Commissary Foley, Assistant Commissary Gilardin and Steward Pretzel
were sent for. They were required to sign the deposition and swear to the truth of the document. Without hesitation Foley,. Gilardin and Pretzel affixed their signatures to the deposition, and Reynolds, the prison stenog
rapher and Notary Public, certified to their acts. Foley, Gilardin and Pretzel are employes of Warden Aguirre and they surmised the fate in store for them if they did not do as required by Dan Kevane, the man Friday of
Governor Gage. A
Stenographer and Rotary Public Reynolds was seen last evening at His home in San Rafael. He admitted that he had been warned to < say nothing to any. one of what is transpiring in San Quentin prison. He
would not deny that he had certified to the depositions of Foley, Gilardin and Pretzel, but when informed that The Call possessed all the details of the depositions and the certification of the signatures Reynolds replied:
"You seem to know all about the affair, so what is the use of asking me anything, about it?" Reynolds then entered his house and refused to talk further.
Prisoners have been forced to forge bills and falsify records at San Quentin prison by order of their superiors. The., latest move is to compel employes to sign depositions to bolster up the "star chamber investiga
tion" of Governor Gage and his cronies. / . :^ : •
GAGE RESORTS TO A STAR CHAMBER
"INVESTIGATION" IN SAN QUENTIN PRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .JUNE 10, 1902.
the prison who forged and falsi
fied books and records?
3District Attorney Lewis F. Bylngton
was seen at the Hall of Justice yesterday
and was questioned as to what step3 he
intended to take with regard to the sec
ond charge against Mah, Moon, which
has^ not yet-been prosecuted, of assault
with intent .'to murder Police Officer
Tbe\ District Attorney said:
"There 'Is another charge on the rec
ord against Mah.Moon,and it Is still on
the reserve calendar. In order to pros
ecute the second charge, which has not
yet been disposed of, a motion would
have to be made- before Judge Lawlor
that it be restored to the calendar and
eet for trial. . The case was tried before
the late Judge -Borden in Department 11
consequently application would havs to
be made in' the same department The
case coul<J be' prosecuted by the court or
dering the, matter restored to the calen
dar, or by the District Attorney moving
for the replacing of. the case on the cal
endar and .the court so ordering." "
"Do you Intend to move in , the matter
to have, the case, put on the calendar?"
It is a new matter to me and Judge
Lawler is better acquainted with the facts
of the case. It may be that in passing
the sentence Judge Borden took into con
sideration both charges pending against
the defendant and the sentence given him
may haye been based upon this. He may
have 'received a longer sentence on the
one case because-^there were two charees
against him." ,•; ., B
"Will you -move to have the -case ¦ re
stored to the calendar?"-,- 'Y.'f • : j :
"I cannot say whether I shall move in
the matter • without first seeing the pros
ecuting witness 'and the testimony given
in the . case at the trial." ¦ > * -
"Then what.woUld be your incentive to
ask ¦ for the reinstatement of . the case on
the calendar?" • •' ' ¦ . • - ":
"The remarks of the Judge made at the
WILL PR0CEED „;'
IN MAH NOON'S
HOLDOVER CASE
ST. PAUL, Minn.. June 9. — As a result of in
juries received In last night's riot between citi
zens and Italian rEj!road laborers in -Vest St.
Paul A. Roberts died to-day. The ethers will
probably recover.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 9.—
At -the annual commencement exercises
of the Johns Hopkins University, to be
fceld in Baltimore to-morrow, the follow
ing Stanford graduates will receive the
degree of doctor of medicine: Annie Gal
loway Lyle, A. B., '95. San Francisco;
John Van Denberg. Ph.D.. 'S7. San Fran
cisco: Otis Buckminster Wight, A. D., '98,
Cleveland, Ohio; Carl Horst, A. B., '98,
Butte City. Mont; Alfred Korsted, A. B.,
*y$, Eutte City. Mont. Miss Lyle, a mem
ber of a prominent San Francisco family,
¦will take her place among the most bril
liant woman graduates of the Johns Hop
kins medical department. Otis Wight will
be remembered at Stanford as a good
athlete and popular society man.
Honors for Stanford Graduates.
"The case was tried about two years
before I came Into office and I may find
difficulty In finding the Chinese witness."
R "But will you make the inquiry at
once?" ' ' " ' •
- "Yes, I -will make the inquiry at once.**
''And if you find that it warrants fur
ther-action?" --
"Then I will take such action without
delay."
"How long will it» take you to investi
gate the proceedings?"
"I shall see Judge Lawlor to-morrow."
"Who was the stenographer In the case
when on. trial?"-.' ,
"Frank Drew.";
"Where does he live?"
"He, I think, is living at Greenwood, or
near .Fort Bragg, Mendoclno County"
"Could any one other than yourself aak
to have the case put on the calendar?"
"It is the practice of the District At
torney, to .make the motion or for the
Judge to order it to be restored."
"Under what circumstances would the
Judge so' act?". . . ' .
"If it were an aggravated case or he
deemed that the punishment inflicted had
not been sufficient.'*
"Could it be restored to the calendar at
the instigation of a. citizen?"
"It could be restored' at the Instigation
of a • citizen - because the Judge having
control over his calendar would restore
a case thereto upon the suggestion of any
person in the interest of Justice. As for
myself. I shall have to examine the rec
ords of the court, and, as I have said, ex
amine witnesses before I can act."
¦ "Do you Intend making speedy investi
gation into the 'matter with a view to
further prosecution of the case?"
"Judge Lawlor placed it on the reserve
calendar. If . he*"does_npt remember his
reason, for placing the case on- the-reserve
calendar my .decision as to further pro
ceedings will ojvthe recollection
of the witnesses and the character of the
case and what actuated the late Judge
Borden in passing the sentence he did."
' '"Then it will depend upon what Judge
Lawlor says whether or not. you proceed
with the case? - Lawlor did not sentence
the prisoner." ¦ '¦'-'- a.. - <.
NEWTORK-Jtme -9.— William (VBat'O
Masterspn, j; E.' Sanders. 'Leopold Frank
and James C. Sullivan, who were arrested
Friday night on the -charge of having
swindled George A..Shpw by", means^ ot a
"brace", game' of faro, .and were held on
an affidavit made out by the detectives
charging them with a misdemeanor in
having possession of gambling parapher
nalia, were rearralgned to-day and dis
charged. Masterson was fined $10' for car
rying concealed weapons. . ,
time 01 passing sentence, or the Judge
that placed the case on the reserve cal
endar, and the recollection 0/ the wit-*
nesses." ¦ .
"Do you intend making: Inquiries into
the' matter?"
"I intend to interview Judge Lawlor in
regard to the matter." \-~
"Bat" Masterson Pays Small. Pine.
Before considering any case of par
ole the board will require tho written
report, recommendation and opinion
o£ the Warden, captain of the guard
and physician at San • Quentin, and
the Warden, captain of the guard and
phyBician at FolBom, in the cases of
prisoners in their respective prisons.
Such officers shall report the general
conduct and habits of the prisoner
and the probability, in their judg
ment, of his remaining- on parole
without violating the law. It shaU
be the duty of such "officers to obtain
all the information possible of the
antecedents of each anrf every appli
cant for parole, together with such
Governor Gage and the Board
of Prison Directors cannot plead
that- they were ignorant of the
rules and regulations ; governing
the parole of convicts. The rules
and regulations , were formulated
by the Board of Directors acting
under the authority of an act of
the Legislature, and Governor
'Gage has often had occasion to
consult those rules. Governor
Gage simply asked the Board of
Prison Directors to parole Mah
Noon, and the request was grant
ed. In no instance did the Gov
ernor or the, Directors comply
with the rules and regulations of
the parole law. Rule 2 of the pa
role regulations provides as fol
lows :
LAW THAT WAS VIOLATED.
Governor Gage asked for the
parole of Mah Noon on the
ground that he (the Governor)
believed that the convict was
"probably innocent," and that, if
the desperado 'was set at liberty,
he would be given a position in
the Governor's household in Los
Angeles County. The statements
of the police officers of this city
who engaged in battle with Mah
Noon show that the Chinese is
the most villainous of highbinders
and other officers declare that to
parole such a wretch is a disgrace
to the community.
In securing the parole of Mah
Noon, the bloodthirsty high
binder, convict and all-round
criminal, Governor Gage and
the Board of Prison ¦ Directors
have flagrantly violated the laws
of the State of California. In or
der that Governor Gage might
enjoy the services of the convict
as a cook the parole law has been
set at naught. The chief execu
tive has treated with contempt
the act of the Legislature that
provides for the parole of con
victs, and in an unblushing man
ner has broken his* oath of office.
Govepnon Gage, who has pro
claimed himself the friend of the
workingman, went to San Quen
tin prison in order. to find a chef
fit to prepare the dishes. for h's
table. And the cook -Governor
Gage secured} by violating ; the
parole law is Mah Nopn, king
of highbinders, hatchetmanVgun
wielder and murderer. . Governor
Gage, In the language of the. day,
"has done himself prbud/'V
"Why should not I. have -this
clever chef for my own House?"
mused Governor Gage. < It only
required a few lines of the guber
natorial pen to obtain, the parole
of Mah Noon and/: the trick was
done. •'"-'¦' ; r; V-
For one purpose alone, , and a
selfish purpose at that, Governor
Gage paroled Mah Noon. The
chief executive took \ delight > in
the ; soups, broils; roasts, , conf ec-<
tiqns and other dainties dislied-up
by Mah Noon when he acted as
cook for Warden . Aguirre a£'San
Quentin prison.
derer, ¦ gun-wielder, highbinder
and hatchetman was sought.
whose parole was sought by Gov
ernor Gage, who emphatically de
clared that " Mah Noon : was
"probably^ innocent." Had the
Governor 'written to District 'At
torney Byingfon he would have
parried that Mah .Noqh had been
indicted, for an assault to -murder
Policeman Tracy, and that the in
dictment was still pending" when
the parole of .the Chinese mur-
GOVERNOR'S
VIOLATION
OF THE LAW
FEDERAL LABOR COMMIS
SIONER 1. WHO ' IS INVESTI
GATING THE COAL STRIKE.
Then enme the long litigation which, re
sulted in White losing or disposing: of the
bujk of his "vast property. Not satisfied
with his former ill luck in- the matrimon
ial line he next, under the advice of a
spirit medium in San Francisco, married
a young lady of . thaut city, but domestic
happiness was not for him. His wife now
has a suit pending for divorce, which was
called up in court in Ukiah thl» morning 1 .
.-"White was a man of wonderful energy
and adventurous spirit, determined to
carry out his purposes at all - hazards.
For many years feuds existed in and
around Round Valley between the White
and antl- White factions. There was land
jumping and cattle stealing and the pop
of the pistol was heard more than once.
It was a turbulent time and its true his
tory probably" will never be written, r
' A certain spirit medium In San Francis
co has had a ¦wonderful influence -over
White for several years. When & few
days ago he went, while very ill. to San
Francisco to consult her it is said -she
told him that he would recoTer and that
his death would be some years distant.
taken 111 three weeks affo, but not
until Sunday could he be Induced, to take
to hl3 bed. Although suffering from sick
ness which would have compelled almost
any other man to remain in his couch.
White a couple of weeks ago ¦ traveled
alone to San Francisco and back, and only
two days ago he was on horseback givfns
orders at hia ranch. It Is said that his
trip to San Francisco was made to con
sult a spiritualist who had promised to
.warn him when his death was neax. The
body of the cattle baron will be embalmed
and shipped to Virginia, his native State
for burial. -J. S. Kohrbougb, his favor
ite nephew; will get the bulk of hia es
tate, which is valued at probably $1.
ooo.ouo. ... , . - ¦ .... ,
¦ George E. White's was a remarkable
career. He was born in Lewis County,
Virginia, on August 17, 1832, and was re
lated through his mother to the celebrated
Jackson family. General Stonewall Jack
son having been his cousin. In April, 1843,
he started with some relatives across the
plains to California, traveling with ox
teams and arriving at Lawson's ranch on
Deer Creek in September. For a -time he
followed mining in Shasta County, but,
growing ill, he returned to the Sacra
mento Valley. After trying various occu
pations in different- places he finally, in
May, 1S54, crossed the mountains from
Stony Creek, in company with five others,
bent upon prospecting tor gold, and
chanced to enter Round Valley. He found
that a party headed by one Kelsey had
been there- before him, but had gone.
.-White located a ranch of about 1000
acres and in 1857 went to reside there per
manently. The first house in Round Val
ley was a cabin on his land.- Continuing
to acquire land he finally became owner
of 35,000 acres in Mendoclno County and
30,000 acres in Trinity County, with. 30,000
sheep and thousands of cattle.
-In 1867 White returned to Virginia, and
in May, .1863, married Miss Alice Fettey.
He brought his wife to Round Valley,
where, in 1873, she died of consumption.
In 1878 he erected on his broad domain
the most palatial residence at that time
north of San Francisco. Later he mar
ried Miss Frankie White; the beautiful
sister of Clarence White, the man who
afterward killed Wylackie John: The cat
tle king and his young.wlfa did not live
happily long, and a sensational divorce
suit followed, in which Mrs. White was
awarded $100,000. • .- .
COVELO. June 9.— George E. White,
the "King of JRound Valley," died
at his ranch near here to-day at
the age of 71 years. "White was
Special Dispatch to The" Call.
ROME, June 9.— The Pope was pres
ent at the consistory held this
morning. He was borne to the
Sistine Chapel in the sediages
tatoria, surrounded by Cardinals,
and formally bestowed. red hats on Mon
eigneur Martlnelli, formerly papal dele
gate to the United States; Archbishop
Skrbenski of Prague and Prince Bishop
von Priczyne of Cracow.
The Pontiff also appointed several Bish
ops, including the Very Re.v. William J.
Kenny, Vicar General of Jacksonville,
Fla., as Bishop of St. Augustine, Fla.. in
succession to the late Bishop Augustin
Verot, and Very Rev. Philip J. Marrigaa.
vice rector of the Catholic University at
"Washington, as Bishop of Sioux City,
Iowa. Subsequently, at the secret con
eistory, the Pontiff delivered a short allo
cution. - •
Judge Taft, Governor of the Philippine
Islands, and the Americans with him
¦were invited to witness the ceremony. The
party occupied seats in the diplomatic
gallery In the sala rega (entrance hall to
the Sistine Chapel). As the Pontiff passed
he recognized them and smilingly bowed
to the Americans.
LONDON, June 9.— A dispatch to the
Pall Mall Gazette from Rome says the
Pcpe wa» highly delighted with Presi
dent Roosevelt's gift of a complete set of
the latter's works, and confirms the re
port that the Pontiff issued orders that
mosaics of St. Peter's and the.. Vatican
be transmitted to the President with his
thanks. These mosaics are magnificent
specimens ofihis branch of art and are
made at the Vatican workshops.
CHICO, June 9.— Probably the boldest
theft perpetrated In this county In many
years occurred on Friday night at Pina
Creek, twenty-two 'miles north of here.
Thieves stole from the poultry farm of C.
B. Butler about 600 turkeys. A few daya
previously all of Butler's dogs had been
poisoned. It Is not known how the thieve3
managed to get away with so many tur
keys at one time.
Kemarkable Theft From the Poultry
Farm of C. B.. Butler, Near
Chico.
BOLD THIEVES CABBY OIT
SIX HUNDRED TURKEYS
fraud and forgery, and before the
proper authorities the Call will
prove its charges to be abso
lutely true.
MENDOCINO CATTLE BARON.
WHOSE PICTURESQUE CA
REER IS AT AN END.
District Attorney Lewis By
ington was never asked if he
knew. of any indictment hanging
over the head of - Mah :'¦¦¦¦ Noon,
No application shall be consid
ered by said committee when it
has knowledge from any source
that the applicant has previously
been convicted of .a felony and
served a term in a penal institu
tion or that there is another in
dictment or serious charge pend
ing against said prisoner.
GAGE'S r DERELICTION. ,Vy; ; :
No application shall be considered
by the committee provided for in Rule
2 until a statement is obtained from
the District Attorney who prosecuted
the case - or the, District Attorney of
the county in which the prisoner was
convicted, showing that the applicant
had not, to the knowledge of r said
District Attorney," .been 1 convicted of
a felony and served a term in a penal
institution prior to that for ] which
sentence is being served, and that ths
said District T-Aittorney knows of no
ether indictment or . serious charge
pending against said prisoner;
Rule 5 of the parole regula
tions has also been flagrantly vio
lated by the Governor and the
Board of Prison Directors": This
rule reads as follows: ;.•/¦
Why did not Governor Gage
advertise for his convict cook and
protege the application tjor pa
role ? It certainly; was not for lack
of funds that Governor Gage
failed to notify the people and
officials of this city and county
that he desired the parole of Mah
Noon. The application for Mah
Noon's parole was not advertised
for the good reason that Gov
ernor Gage desired no publicity
in the matter.;" Had the applica
tion for parole been duly . adver
tised a wave of indignation would
have swept over the community,
and the police and other officials
would' have made .strenuous .ob
jection to Mah Noon, the bloody
king, of the highbinders, being al
lowed outside the prison walls. ,
FURTHER VIOLATION OF LAW.
Rule 4 of the parole.regula
tions provides that each applicant
for a parole must publish notice
of his intention for two weeks in
the city or county where his
crime was committed, but . that
the Governor may, for .cause, al
low this rule to be dispensed, with.
The foregoing rule says that a
convict shall only be released on
parole when his release is npt-in
compatible with the, welfare 6£
society and does not pervert the
ends of justice.: Can Governor
Gage claim that the^veliare of so
ciety and the ends of justice have
not j been, ,vjutrage(j . by ; the - parole
of ' the •- murderous "highbinder,'
Mah Noon? , V. 1 . ""[ '...' ; , 'V 7
GAGB AFRAID OF PUBLICITY.
released on parole unless there is, in
the . judgment of the board, reason
able ground to believe that he will, if
paroledj live and remain at liberty
without violating' the law, and that
his release is not incompatible with
the welfare of society nor, perverting
the ends of justice.
FORMER PAPAL DELEGATE
FORMALLY RAISED TO THE
RANK OF CARDINAL.
No prisoner shall be released on pa
role until satisfactory evidence shall
have been furnished this board, in.
writing, that employment will be
furnished such prisoner by some, re
sponsible and reputable person, certi
fied to be such by the ' Clerk of the
county where such person resides,; or
that he will engage in some respect
able business for himself. No;pris
oner shall be released on parole until
there shall have been deposited with
the "Warden of the prison in which
the prisoner is confined the sum of
$25, said deposit to be used in defray
ing the expense of arresting and re
committing the paroled prisoner
should the conditions of parole be
violated. Should, no such expense be
incurred the entire amount shall be
refunded to the depositor on return of
receipt, properly indorsed, after, final
discharge of said paroled prisoner.
In no case shall any. prisoner be
ignored by the Governor and the
Prison Directors. This rule reads
Rule 3 of the parole regula
tions has been also deliberately
To the credit of Governor Gage
the records of San Quentin prison
show that he has paroled the
only highbinder who ' ever at
tempted to murder a police of
ficer. But Mah Noon is. a good
cook, and to the Governor the
qualifications of his convict cook
are of more weight than the sov
ereign rights of the people of Cal
ifornia and the laws of the State,
which the Governor solemnly
swore to uphold.
Police Department show that not
a single bit of information was
solicited from the officers as to
Mah Noon's record. If the Gov
ernor and the Prison Directors
had complied with this rule of
the parole law they would have
learned that Mah Noon was a
bloodthirsty ruffian, who shot
down, .in cold blood, Lim Sier,
one of his countrymen, in the
sight of five policemen, and that
the highbinder then gave battle
to the police, and attempted
to murder Policeman P. J.
Tracy. Fortunately for Police
man Tracy the bullet of the mur
derous Mah Noon struck him in
the arm.
Neither Governor Gage nor
the Board of Prison Directors
complied with the requirements
of this rule. The records of the
It shall be the duty of such officers
to examine into each and every appli
cation for parole and present to tba
toard all such cases as shall be eligi
ble., at as early a date as posible, to
gether with any and all papers, docu
ments and records necessary for a
proper and full consideration of each
application, as provided by thes9
rules. It shall be the duty of suc.i
officers to carefully examine and
scrutinize the records and percentage
tables provided for in Eule 1, pre
senting 1 such records and. tables > of
each eligible prisoner to. this board
in tabulated form, and indorsing the
same as correct and true, or other
wise, as their knowledge and judg
ment may determine.
GAGE'S ACT STANDS ALONE.
statements of the crime committed by
the prisoner and such advice * and
opinion concerning the advisabilit:/
of granting a parole as can be ob
tained from the Judge Who tried the
case, the District Attorney and coun
sel for defense.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 9.— Senator
Foraker added some h!ghiy combustible
fuel to-day to the fire which Involves
the friendly relations between President
Roosevelt and Senator Ranna by going
to l.he White House and frankly telllns
the President it was high time to investi
gate the interference and Influence of Fed
eral office-holders in Ohio State politics.
This in addition to. the representations al
ready made to the President by Repre
sentative Burton, whose friend was. de
feated for chairman of the Republican
County committee by a quaitet cf Govtrn
mer.t officials in Cleveland, has increaseu
the inteiest in what now promises .to be
come an exciting episode m national Re
publican politics, senator Foraker's at
titude in the matter is not surprising, as
he is now underneath in the political skir
mish in the BucKeye State. President
Roosevelt listened with considerable sur
prise to Foraker's plain statements but
promised nothing in the way of an in
vestigation.
Another incident of the day was the
conference between Senator Hanna and
Civil Service Commissioner James R. Gar
field. GarKeld is expected to go to Cleve
land this week and may carry instruc
tions to make an inquiry into political af
fairs there. Senator Foraker takes the
ground that Collector Leach, Marshal
Chandler, Deputy Marshal Hopkins and
Postmaster Dewstoe; have been guilty of
a violation of the civil service regula
tions and especially of a recent order of
the President. In this he takes direct Is
sue with Senator Hanna and thus the
President again tiecomes involved in the
Hanna-Foraker factional light. One out
coma of the affair may be the candidacy
of Burton for the senatorship against Sen
ator Hanna with the support of the For
aker faction. If an investigation, which
seems to be inevitable, is ordered and re
sults in tho censure or removal of the
Cleveland officials it will result in a
breach between the President and. Senator
Hanna. which all the machine politicians
in Washington admit will be disastrous to
the party. If President Roosevelt con
sider the charges against these men are
of a serious character, he will be com
pelled to act or be charged with shielding
officials simply because they are follow
ers cf the Chairman of the Republican
National Committee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former President Cleveland was among
the members of the board present at to
day's meeting.
I have resigned my office as president of the
university because I desire to carry on my lit
erary plans on a larger scale than I could do
by retaining the presidency. This is really all
there is to say:
I shall retain my professorship in the univer
sity in the chair of ethics and the philosophy
of religion. I have been president' of the uni
versity for fourteen years.
PRINCETON. N. J.. June 9.— The chief
event in connection with Princeton's one
hundred and fifty-fifth commencement as
a great surprise came to-day at the an
nual meeting of the^boai'd of trustees,
when President Francis J. Patton resign
ed the presidency and Professor Wood
row Wilson, professor of Jurisprudence
and politics, was elected to succeed him.
There was a full attendance of the trus
tees and after the meeting had been called
to order President Patton handed in his
resignation' and" at the "same time sug
gested that Professor Wilson be elected
to succeed him. A prominent member of
the board of trustees said that President
Patton so strongly urged his own resigna
tion that the board could not do otherwise
than accept it. He also said Woodrow
Wilson was nominated to succeed him.
The election was made unanimous on the
first ballot-
President Patton afterward made the
following statement:
Surprise Is Sprung at the
Annual Meeting of the
Says They Are Unlawfully
Interfering in Politics
-.;,,, : of the State. '
Low Excursion Bate&^-ll Days' Trip.
$40 first class, Including berth and meals,
6an Francisco to Seattle, Tacoma, Van
couver, Victoria, Everett, New Whatcom
and return, allowing passengers ample
time to go ashore and visit the various
points of interest. For full information
apply at Pacific Coast Steamship Co. s
t'cket office. 4 New Montgomery street.
GAGE RESORTS TO STAR CHAMBER
INVESTIGATION AT SAN QUENTIN
rv y EW . YORK, ' June 9.— President
|^k j John Mitchell of the United Mine
I XI Workers' Union, arrived here late
A this afternoon, having been sent
for bx Carroll D. Wright,. United
States Commissioner of Labor, who is
here investigating the anthracite coal
miners' strike. - Mitchell first called on
Secretary Ralph M. Easley of the Na
tional Civic Federation and the two to
night went to the Manhattan Hotel, where
Wright is stopping. President Mitchell
went to the commissioner's room where
he remained in conference with Wright
for two hours. When he lett Mitchell
said :
" "I have little to say, further than that
I have talked with Wright and have ex
plained to him the situation from the
miners' standpoint and have told him of
the causes which led up to the strike."
"Was there any suggestion of a settle
ment made during the ' interview?'
Mitchell was asked.
"No. I understand Commissioner
Wright was^simply seeking information
for an official report under 'the law."
"Did Commissioner Wright explain to
you President Roosevelt's views concern
ing the trouble?"
"He did not." ; V^V ''
President Mitchell said he would leave
for. Wilkesbarre late to-night or in the
morning. ; . • . ,',
Wright said that for him to tell
whom he expected to see or what he in
tended to do might seriously, interfere
with his investigation. He said that
sections 7 and 8 of the law . under
which the labor bureau is operated
charged the commissioner to investigate
and renort on all labor disputes.
"Of course," said Wright, "I cannot
interfere or act as arbitrator. Although
possessing no power under existing con
ditions, as a patriotic citizen President
Roosevelt is interested in settling . the
struggle. He cannot Interfere, but can
cdvise and suggest, and the efficial inves
tigation may reveal chinks in the situa
tion which have not as yet been touched
upon in the general report and upon
which he may be able to act. He wants
all the information obtainable and all the
energies of my department are being di
rected to that end. Perhaps we may be
able to discover something below the sur
face." ' - - . • i . . . • • ¦
Commissioner Wright said of the visit
of President Mitchell: "President Mitch
ell has given me all the Information I
wanted and will be presented to President
Roosevelt." I can say I am now In posses
sion of the facts <m the miners' side of
the issue . and to-morrow I will see the
operators." : - .
Francis J. Patton Is Suc
ceeded by Woodrow
Wilson.
Complains to- Roosevelt
of Federal Officiate
in Ohio.
PRINCETON HAS
NEW PRESIDENT
FORAKER STIRS
UP THE TROUBLE
COMMISSIONER WRIGHT BEGINS
INVESTIGATION OF COAL STRIKE
Acting at the Request of President Roosevelt, the Head of the red
eral Labor Bureau Is Probing Into the Conditions of the Con
troversy; in the Anthracite Fields— Talks With Mitchell
POPE BESTOWS
THE RED HAT
ON MARTINELLI
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1902.
Continued From Page Three.
4
GEORGE WHITE,
ROUND VALLEY
IKING IS DEAD
The liniment bottle and flannel strip -are /IS^fik
familiar objects in nearly every household. * \W^JS'^ >r^^Sr>
They are the weapons that have been used for S^^^^Vv^^k
generations to fight old Rheumatism, and are - -oJ^p^g^^g^A
about as effective in the battle with this giant » 3f
disease as the blunderbuss of our forefathers * V(^^^^mL^^^
would be in modern warfare. *.^*«a|f3|||jp -
Rheumatism is caused by an acid, sour *%> ¦
condition of the blood. It is filled with acrid, irritating matter .that settles
in the joints, muscles and nerves, and liniments and oils nor nothing
else applied externally can dislodge these gritty, corroding particles. They
were deposited there by the blood and can be reached only through the blood.
Rubbing with liniments sometimes relieve temporarily the aches. and
pains, but these are only symptoms which are liable to return with every
change of the weather ; the real disease lies deeper, the blood and sj$tem
are infected. Rheumatism cannot be radically and pennanentlyrijcuped
until the blood has been purified, and no remedy does this so thorpiighly
and promptly as S. S.S. It neutralizes the acids and senda^stream
/*"« 1^ •"¦¦'v °*' *y&y strong blood to the afFected^'iparte^ which
fi^^B V^^!^ CC^ dissolves and washes out all foreign liiAte'ttals; andtiie
I^^N sufferer obtains happy relief from the tortttnng pains*
t*~J t*~) Q^J • ' S. S. S. contains no pbtash.'Sfc'dthei toineraF^t
. . W^' '^ m^ * s a perfect vegetable blooti'?punfief- aado most
exhilarating - tonic. Our physicians will advis 4 e^w^but'.4harg.e.ciall wfio
write about their case, and we will send free our spjectaiTiools on Rheumatism
and its treatment. \ y : THE iSWJFT^CQj£l^tO.; ! 1At^^'*6^;%J
* — > -J* * * ,- , ' _ . .. , ¦"
¦ Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser containing over a thou-
sand large pages is sent free on receipt
. of stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Sead 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound Tolnme. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
Abram Freer. Esq., of Rockbridge, Greene Co.,
111., writes: "My wife had a severe attack of
pleurisy and lung trouble ; the doctors 'gave her
tip to die. She commenced taking Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery and she began to
improve from the first dose. . By the time she
had taken eight or ten bottles she was cured,
esd it was the cause of a large amount bring
Bold here. I think the 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery*, is the best medicine in the world for
lung trouble." ¦ ;.'>- *;• ¦;'
When the doctor leaves and says the
case is hopeless, what remains to be
done ? Nothing, if the doctor's "word is
final. Much, if you will, listen to' the
statements of men and women who wero
once "hopeless
cases " given up by
doctors, and who
were perfectly and
permanently cured
by the use of Dr.
Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery.
Nothing is more
cure than that
thousands of mnn
end women with
diseased lungs,
obstinate coughs,
hemorrhage, ema-
ciation and night-
svTeats, have been
restored to perfect
health by the use
of the w Discov-
ery." Will it cure
you?
It has cured in
einety-eight cases
ont of every hun-
dred where it was given a fair and faith-
ful trial. By that record you have only
two chances in a hundred of failure and
ninety-eight chances of being restored
to perfect health. It is worth trying.
HOPELESS GASES,
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
iSeveral hours elapsed before the cas
ualties were ascertained. > It was then
found that nine young, girls, had. been
burned to death, and that fifteen persons
had been injured, one probably * fatally..
Several of those who jumped were badly
Injured, and others who refused to take
the risk disappeared within the. smoking
windows. ' •
¦ The fire occurred in the upper portion
of a five-story building adjoining the Man
sion House station, in the busiest section
of London. The first extension ladders
to arrive at the scene . could not be ele
vated to the fourth story, and inmates of
the upper floors were compelled -to jump
dewn into a tarpaulin which had been
hastily-, commandeered by the firemen
from a passing fruit van. ¦ .
LONDON, June 9.— The Inadequacy of
the flre department of London has again
been demonstrated by the fatalities which
attended a; comparatively .small blaze in
the center of the city this afternoon.
IX)ND0N FIRE EQUIPMENT f- -.
IS ENTIRELY INADEQUATE
John F. Moody was a rich stage line
owner of- that mountain town and when
he died it was found that he had appoint
ed Richardson to serve as one of his exec
utors, the other being his son, John F.
Moody Jr.
. Both Moody and Richardson were heav
ily interested in the Tahoe Ice Company,
the former owning 1000 shares of stock
and Richardson 800 shares. As executor,
Richardson sold the Moody shares, osten
sibly, for $15,000 and his action was ap
proved by the Superior Court of Nevada
County.
Now comes the widow of the deceased,
.Hattie E. Moody; the other executor un
der the will, John F. Moody Jr., and Les
ter Brown Moody, who sue to compel
Richardson to show to the court . what
amount in excess of $15,000 he received for
Moody's stock. The allegation is made
that he sold the stock for $30,000 and con
verted $15,000 of. the proceeds to his own
use.
It is probable the suit will be trans
ferred to Nevada County for trial.
SACRAMENTO, June 9.— A sensational
suit was filed in the Superior Court to
day against Warren Richardson, a capi
talist of Truckee.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Heirs of John P. Moody
Go to Law for an
¦
Accounting.
EXECUTOR FACES
SERIOUS CHARGE
360 more men's suits and overcoats were
added to the great line that is being sold
this week for $4 65; worth $12 00. All will
go at the ' Clothing . Assignee Sale of * tha
Boston, 773 Market St., near Fourth. •
Men's Suits and Overcoats.
WASHINGTON, June" 9.— The Secretary
of War has directed the sale at auction
of the Grant and Sedgwlck, they being
needed • no , longer . for the transport
service. : The Grant is at San Francisco,
and the Sedgwlck at New. York, . It is re
ported to the War Department ' that it
would cost about $350,000 to put the Grant
in first-class condition.
Orders Sale of Two Transports.
Rock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every "Wednesday and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Reck Island Railways, for Omaha, 1 Kansas
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones. General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market at ¦
SARATOGA, N. Y.-, June 9.— Flre early
to-day destroyed the Arcade and the. Clt^
izens' National Bank block and the"
Shackelford building and' caused the loss
of five lives. ; •*¦ .-..•... .. . >.
' The dead: '
MRS. ELIZABETH M. MABIE. ;
MRS. SARAH OWENS. .. ;
: DAVID HOWLAND, burned to death.
MRS, DAVID HOWLAND, burned to
death. •
: MRS. FARRINGTON, burned to death;
body still in the ruins, -t ¦¦
. Chief Engineer C. Chadwick was seri
ously injured while rescuing people from
the building and to-night his condition is
critical. Theproperty loss is estimated at
$300,000. •
"- David Howl and was 76 years of age.
He was a Civil War veteran and janitor
of the Grand Army Hall in the Arcade
building.;, •-: ' --: ¦¦? •'./¦¦. • >
While Rescuing People From
the Burning Building.
Chief Engineer Is Seriously Injured
FIVE LIVES ARE LOST
IN A FIRE AT SARATOGA
DOVER. Del., June 9.-It was reported
here to-day that the authorities of the San
Francisco criminal courts are not willing
to grant a remuneration to the Delaware
witnesses needed to rc-try Mrs. Coidelia
Botkin. accused of the murder of Mrs
John P. Dunning of Dover by means of
poisoned candy, except a reasonable per
diem and actual expenses. This, it is
contended, the witnesses are unwilling to
accept for the enforced stay of seven
weeks or more from their-homes and the
perils of a transcontinental trip, and un
less an agreement can be reached it is
feared Mrs. Botkin may go free
Within the past fortnight. Judge Cook
the trial Judge for the people of Cali
fornia, was heard to say that while crim
inals must be brought to justice there
even at great cost, there must, however'
be some limit to the expense of getting
witnesses. He was referring to the state
ment that the Delaware witnesses par
ticularly the professional men and busi
ness men, proposed to be well paid be
fore they . should again turn over their
business affairs to others. The physi
cians particularly say that they cannot
go under any other considerations, and
do not desire to go at all, leaving their
practice and particular patients to the
care of .others. Delawareans who have
lately been in San- Francisco declare that
the feeling. is still high against Mrs. Bot
kin and that any jury would convict her
of the murder, were they confronted with
the same strong' case that was made
against her before.
Delaware Witnesses Against Alleged
Poisoner Do Not Care to Come
Out Here.
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN"
MAY NOT BE PROSECUTED
BERLIN, June 9.— King Albert of Sax
ony, who has been ill for some time, was
unconscious for a part of last night. His
Majesty was surrounded by his family,
who momentarily expected the end, and
he had received the last sacraments. This
morning, however, his Majesty sat up and
had breakfast, smoked a cigar and in
sisted upon disposing of some state busi
ness. This exhibition of vitality on the
part of the King has quite startled his
physicians who, however, entertain the
gravest fears for the next relapse.
The only member of King Albert's fam
ily who is now absent from his Majesty's
bedside is his son Max, who is a priest
and a professor of theology in a Catholic
institution at Sable Island.
Dying Monarch Sits Up in Bed and
Disposes of Some State
Business.
RING ALBERT OF SAXONY
DISPLAYS GREAT VITALITY
CHICAGO, June 9.— Nine men and one
woman were killed and about thirty per
eons injured in a flre which this afternoon
destroyed the . sanitarium conducted by
the Bt. Luke's Society at Wabash avenue
and Twenty-first street. The society oc
cupied the building which was long known
as the Hotel Woodruff and for a brief
period as the Hotel Lancaster. The
greater portion of the patients received in
the institution were those seeking cure
from the drink habit and those who were
addicted to the use of drugs. - When the
fire broke out there were on the fifth floor
a number of patients suffering from de
lirium tremens and ' some who were de
ranged by drugs. Some of these were
strapped to their beds and it was found
Impossible to save them, so' rapidly did
the flre spread through the building.
VICTIMS OF THE FIRE.
The list so far as known at present, al
though it is possible that the list of dead
will be increased later, follows. The dead:
8. J. NEWELL.
WILLIAM KENT.
CARL A. CARLSON.
JOSEPH HARRINGTON.
SAMUEL DALZELL.
DR. J. T. STANTON.
GEORGE R1BBEBECK. Hillsdale,
Mich.
JOHN B. KNAPMAN.
MRS. J. M. BAUMANN.
B. H. BOYD. 78 years old. a member of
the medical staff of the institution.
The seriously Injured: A. W. Wattells,
badly burned on the head and back and
internal injuries, will die; Mrs. Amelia
Wilson, burned about the body and in
haled flames will probably die; Mrs. Mc-
Mannis, badly burned about the body;
Mr 6. B. H. Bowman, burned while rescu
ing her four-year-old daughter, severely
burned about body; J. F. Suit, jumped
from third floor into net, injured inter
nally, will probably die; Michael Luby
J. B. Bishop of St. Louis G. 8. Gott of
La verge. 111., will probably die; C. T.
Wears, head burned, may die; C. C. An
drews, burned about face, head and body,
serious.
JUMPED FROM WINDOWS.
The fire originated In the basement of
the building and spread rapidly to the
upper stories through the elevator shaft
Before the occupants of the building could
be warned the flames had been carried
to the roof, had eaten through it and
were leaping high in the air.
As the cry of fire rang through the
building patients sprang from their beds,
and before they could be prevented sev
ei-al had jumped from the windows to the
pavement. The fire department was on
the scene within a few minutes, and as
the windows were filled with people
shrieking for help the firemen devoted
their tirst efforts to save the lives andvkl
lowed the fire to burn. While this was
the means of saving a large number of
-people who were carried down ladders by
the firemen it gave the fire such headway
that there was almost no chance for those
on the upper floors of the building to
make their escape, and 6uch of them as
were not suffocated were killed or badly
Injured by -leaping from the windows.
KENT'S AWFUI* DEATH.
Alderman Kent, one of the dead, was in
a room on the fifth floor with his atten
dant, A. W. Wattells. The Alderman, who
has been totally blind for many years,
was in a straitiacket and his hands
were manacled to a belt that passed
around his waist. When the alarm of flre
was sounded Wattells ran to investigate.
He found the elevator shaft a mass of
flames and ran back to help the Alder
man, who was blind and unable to do
anything with his hands, and who was
almost mad with fear and was shouting
like an Insane person. He had groped h!s
way to the door and by the time his at
tendant had reached him had fallen to
the floor overcome with smoke. Wattells
seized him and tried to drag him down the
hall to a place of safety, but Kent had
become so crazed that It was almost im
possible to do anything- with him. Wat
tells was finally compelled to run for his
life, as the flames were scorching his
clothing. He ran to a window on the
6outh side of the building, across which
were iron bars. Wattells managed to tear
two or three of these from their fasten
ings, and, with two other men who ha«l
followed him, climbed out on the sill.
They were seen by the firemen,
woo called to them to remain
vhtre they were and they would
MTe them. A ladder was run up
and the two men who were with Wattells
were taken down. He became crazed with
excitement and not waiting for the return
of the firemen sprang for a net which
some men were holding on the Bid walk be
neath. He fell partly ln it and partly on
the sidewalk and sustained injuries which
probably will cause his death.
Kent was left lying on the floor of his
room and evidently died of suffocation.
His body was badly burned after death.
Three hours after the outbreak of the
flre the body was found on the floor of his
room, one leg burned to a crisp and the
head burned off. He was Identified by
means of his clothing.
DESFEBATE FIGHT FOB XiIFE.
A - scene that -wrought to the pitch of
madness the great crowd that had gath
ered around the building was enacted at
a fourth story window on the north side.
Across this window was a heavy wire
screen and on the outside of the screen
were iron bars running parallel to the
Bill. The space between these bars was
too email to allow the passage of even a
¦mall boy and behind them were gathered
a crowd of men whose numbers were
found to be between twenty-five and thir
ty. Escape ln other directions was im
possible, for the fire filled all the halls
and was steadily eating Its way toward
the window at which the men were stand-
Ing. The one chance for life • for that
crowd of men lay through that screened
and barred window. The men closest to
the screen tore and tugged at it in a vain
effort to tear It from, its fastenings and
the men behind them fought madly to
g^et close enough to the screen to fasten
tnelr fingers on It So fiercely did the
prisoners pull at the screen that from the
street below were plainlv visible tiny
streams of blood that trickled from la
cerated fingers and flowed over the win
do wBill. A number of men at the window
were in straitjackets and manacles;
and these, not being able to help them
selves or others, were the wildest of all
in their frantic efforts to break through
the bars.
The crowd ln the street watching the
desperate situation from behind the scene
was simply an insane mob. They shouted
all ports of commands and directions at
the men and gave orders to the firemen
whcr'wre doing all that men could do
to g** through the bars from the outside.
As file flames came steadily toward the
merr'Jthfe. people in the street jumped up
and-4«rwi-«nd screamed in helpless rage
It .<fe^he<r.as though nothing could be
w>ne> anfl that all of the men would die
tiitMn sijcHnehes of freedom.
«Xhat, aoy. <tt Ihe men escaped at all is
t>vtiflg "to -the-work of W. E. Davis of
Qoosx, RajrHs;' fowa, a patient in the
lastltiition. ,He Induced the men to cease
tlielr'tyscortneeted ptilling at the screen
¦.ftiiai:to.Dunite-' : tiie1r'' i enTorte._ Four men at
first took ,hold.r of- iher screen and in al
lnosj a" minute 'thft"W6wu' behind pushed
theavafc-a.t-and before 1 th«'«tmr men could
ret to^the>45creen facafa^tVrey- were com
pelle?I 0 to- tight wltti HhetF fets/ 'Davis
managed to get his men to the window
Anderson, and Gott then formed a chain,
Gott holding to the fire escape and Ander
son, tightly held by Gott with one hand,
of Chicago. No ladders were in front of
the -window, and Anderson's one hop« -was
to reach the platform of a flre escape In
front of the window just west of where
he was. He hesitated for an instant and
then sprang for the flre escape, and
clutching it, was safe. The next man
through the window was G. S. Gott-of
La verge. 111. Anderson was so much ex
hausted that" he was not able to drag
Gott after him and Gott was so badly
burned that he was not able to make the
leap himself. He crouched on the window
sill while the men on the inside clamored
for him to jump. Clinton Osborne, a real
estate dealer of New York City, was the
third man. He crawled out beside Gott
and told the men inside to grasp his feet.
This they did. Telling Gott to take hold
of wrists and drop over the wlndowsill
Osborne, hanging head downward, swung
Gott to and fro until he had acquired suf
ficient momentum and then, swung him
on to the landing of the flre escape, where
Dr. Anderson seized and held him.
Superintendent Lee at once .organized
posses and sent them out to run down
the escaped convicts. He telephoned to
all points where help could be had. The
Insane asylum farms, the reform school
and the deaf mute school, all located
within two miles of the penitentiary, were
notified to throw out cordons in every dl-
POSSES ON THE TRAIL.
citizens ,all heavily armed, rushed to the
prison, prepared to put down the riot, but
when they reached there everything was
quiet. None of the other prisoners took a
direct part in the revolt, and only a short
time was necessary to take all the con
victs from the shops to their cells and
leck them in. \
OFFICER WHO IS. IN PURSUIT
OF THE; ESCAPED OREGON
CONVICTS.
ri^tn 0 ;^ 1 !??! 1 the P o il ce Placed under ar
rest, in addition to the men taken into
custody dlrectlyafter the flre. O I? Mil
fi"« pr l! ldent of the . institution, and Wil
liam Sterner, engineer of the buildlne
who went off duty at noon. Duu<tln *
*,£? ter mldl »teht Mys officials of the insti
ine Vf a Ve Allowing list of miss
w „ I »L 8 "P/ known that they are dead,
but neither friends nor police have been
able to locate them, and It is known that
they were in the building when the flre
broke out:- M. J. CaMU. attache of the
fanltarlum. but ill in his room -for thl
Uent Morris B. Loucks, patient; George
k^iP n f patlent : Charles McGrail!
keeper of a restaurant In the building-
Patient 11 ' patlen^ Thomas Ryal;
reached toward the window, so that the
men one by one as they crawled through
were able to " take one step on a ledge
and make a short leap, to the platform
of the fire escape down which they made
their way to the ground. Twenty-five men
made their escape in this manner.
After the flre was over the Dolica nr
rested .William Lanahan, \ the P en£ne!r-
Lee Seymour, .the. fireman of the buildlne
and-J P.«Nagel, the inventor of a gaso-
StiSfi nt 'Vv? 6 ln the basement of the
institution. There are no direct charges
•fdS; tl h t e h me fl n ' but the Po»ce have the
t>«™ ha^ the flre may have originated
PtenV mlsmana S ei nent 1. of the - gasoline
David Merrill was arrested on February
6, 1899, in a house where he had cached a
large quantity, of plunder. Merrill, who
had committed several robberies with
Tracy, gave information which led to the
location of the latter. Merrill is. only 23
years old, but has served two terms in
penitentiaries. " 7 ' ' ' ¦
- Tracy is said to have killed a Sheriff at
Aspen, Colo., in 1897.
j PORTLAND. Ore., June 9.— Harry
Tracy -'/was arrested in Portland on the
evening- of February 6, 1899, after an ex
citing fight with Detective David Wiener.
Tracy, who was wanted for burglary,
was walking along the- "street when De
tective Weiner met him. The two walked
together and when they reached the cor
ner of Fourth and Market streets, Tracy,
seeing the southbound Northern Pacific
train pulling up Fourth street, said: •
"I guess I'll take this train. So long." ;
"I guess you won't," said the detective,
• drawing his revolver. • .... : ¦ '
Tracy fired two shots at the detective,
who returned the fire. Tracy jumped into
the engine and pointed his revolver at the
head of the engineer, who speedily held
up his hands. Tracy ordered- him to go
ahead at full speed, but the conductor
stopped the train. ; Seeing- that his plan
had been frustrated, Tracy jumped from
the engine and started to run. The neigh
borhood had been thoroughly aroused and
after a half-dozen shots had been fired
at the fugitive, one -of which took effect
behind his ear, he- was lodged in jail.
A month afterward, while being taken
from jail to -the court room,. Tracy sud
denly drew a revolver and exchanged
several shots with the jailer, but was
finally overpowered.
Merrill in the Prison.
Crimes Which Landed Tracy and
BOTH DESPEBATE. MEN.
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, June 8.— To W.
Loalza & Co.. 216 Sansome street, San Fran
cisco: Yesterday noon State and Federal troops
under Torres attacked and completely crushed
Yaquis In their stronghold in Mazatan Moun
tain.. DetaiU later. & CO. ¦
The private dispatch from
Hermosillo to a firm in this city confirms
The Call's dispatches regarding the de
struction of the Yaqui revolutionary force
in Sonora: .
It is believed that this defeat means an
end to Yaqui resistance to the sovereignty
of Mexico for all time. The flower of the
Yaaul fighting force has been destroyed,
and those who escaped will be hunted re
lentlessly by the Mexican regulars. | Thus
has passed out of existence as a warlike
factor a tribe whose bravery and indomit
able perseverance against accepting the
fate of a conquered people i has made , it
distinctive- among the aborigines south of
the American boundary. -- -<^ , .-
PASSING OF BBAVE TBIBE.
-Reports from the mountain strongholds
of the Yaquls gave their. number as 2000,
but it is said' that in yesterday's battle
they marshaled their entire strength and
had only about - 600 / braves opposed to
tl Torres 1C f ound^the ' Yaquis intrenched
twenty miles northeast of Mineas Prietas.
Contrary to their usual tactics, the braves
welcomed the attack, instead of resorting
to their ordinary naode^ of- re.^de
pending upon the strength of their earth
works and the advantage of position to
W The h batt a ie' lasted several hours. In the
end the Mexicans scaled the fortifications,
where the Yaquis made a last stand In a
hand-to-hand encounter. When at last the
survivors gave up the unequal struggle
and beat a precipitate retreat, hundreds of
their number lay dead or dying in the
trenches or were prisoners in the hands
of the Mexicans.
YAQUIS ABE OUTNUMBEBED.
' TUCSON, Arfiz., June 9.— The Yaqui re
bellion in the Mexican State of- Sonora
has- been crushed out. In. a battle fought
wjtbin fifteen miles of Hermosillo yester
day afternoon scores of the Indians were
slain and the remnants of the band that
were not wounded or captured were
driven in confusion to mountain* fast
nesses, where they are hiding from their
Mexican conquero'rs. The Mexican loss in
killed in the. combat is given in private
advices as forty-eight. The number, of
the wounded has not been learned , here,
nor has the exactness of the Yaquis*. the
dispatches . only announcing that the In
dian force was . completely crushed and
its survivors scattered. o ¦¦
The Mexican army, numbering 2500 men.
under the command of General Torres,
the veteran Yaqui fighter, moved out of
Iiermosillo severaldays ago, after the ar
rival of the reinforcements which Torres
had asked for, and marched toward the
Mazatan Mountains, where the Indiana
had gathered in force. It was the inten
tion of General Torres to engage the rev
olutionists in open battle, if P<>ss Ib Je. and
end the rebellion with one telling blow.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
ing of the Building Occupied
by St. Luke's Society
at Chicago.
Scenes of Horror Attend the Burn-
rorty-Eight tlie Loss of the Conquer
ing Army in Slain in a Decisive
- Battle in the Mazatan
, • Mountains.
Deranged.
Some of the Unfortunates Are
Strapped Down and Others
Hundreds of the Braves .Are
. Killed, Wounded or
Captured.
Mexican General Torres
Destroys Indian
Force.
Ten Persons Are Killed
and Thirty Receive
Injuries. ,
- The men at the windows fought to keep
their places until the firemen could raise
ladders and the men In the rear, some of
whom were already being reached by
flames, fought to gain the window. The
first man through was Dr. C. Ai Anderson
OVEB A HUMAN CHAIN.
again and after a few desperate pulls they
managed to tear down a portion, of the
screen. Nerved to the work by their suc
cess, the bodies of the men swayed back
and forth as they put all of their
strength into one last effort Finally the
screen came down, but the bars remained
and they were heavy, placed there for
the purpose of withstanding all the efforts
of Insane men. As many as could Place
their hands on the lower bar .took hold.
It bent almost double and six men went
to the floor with a crash, holding on to
the iron bar which they had torn from
its fastenings.' . So quickly did the men
behind them spring to grasp the 3econd
bar that those who had torn down the
first were badly trampled on before they
could rise. Another bar was soon torn
away, and the path to safety was opened.
While Tracy and Merrill were shooting
at the guards on the fence the" Warden
summoned every available 'man around
the Institution to his assistance In order
to prevent the escape of any of the other
convicts. The penitentiary is only two
miles from town and the news soon
spread. Sheriff Durbln, with a number of
Duncan Ross, a new guard, was on the
fence near Tiffany's station, but being
unarmed he was powerless to assist his
ccmTade who was Deing carried off by
the convicts. The fleeing men fired one
shot at Ross, Inflicting a slight scalp
wound. S
¦ Finally, when they escaped out of range
of the prison, they shot Tiffany to death
and took his rifle, which they soon threw
away, however, as it was empty. They
then disappeared in the woods.
Guard Tiffany commenced firing at the
men and soon ' emptied his Winchester
without hitting either of them. He, too,
was a good mark for the fugitives, and
they' sent a bullet through his right
breast. The guard fell from the wall and
the prisoners carried him in front of them
as a shield.
MUBDEB, WOUNDED MAN.
Once outside Tracy and Merrill turned
their attention to the fence . guards * ami
S. R. Jones, located on the northeast cor
rer of the stockade, was the first to re
ceive a bullet from the escaping prisoners.
Jones was on. the wall, in full view, while
the escaping prisoners hugged the fence
and : prevented the guards getting a bead
on them. Jones was shot once in the
abdomen and once in the breast, dying
almost instantly.
Tracy at once turned upon Girard and
began shooting. At the same time Mer
rill began shooting at John Stapleton and
the other shop guards, all of whom es
caped. Ingram, a life prisoner, attempted
to disarm Tracy, but he was shot and
mortally wounded by Merrill. . —
The shooting in the foundry was done
so quickly that it was impossible to sum
mon aid, and the two prisoners at once
started for the prison wall, which they
scaled by means of a ladder.
CONVICT AIDS GUARDS.
At 7 o'clock the foundry gang of prison
ers was marched to its work in the usual
mai.ner. Frank Girard, a guard, counted
the convicts into the shops and announced
the number to be 159 to Frank Ferrell,
guard, at the first post in the shops. Just
as Girard announced the number and re
ceived Ferrell's "all .right" he heard a
rifle shot and the exclamation, "My God!"
from' Ferrell, who fell forward. The shot
was fired from a rifle in the hands of
Tracy.
for robberyv*Wlled four men and
escaped from prison this morning. The
dead are:
FRANK FERRELL, shop guard.
S. R. JONES, fence guard.
B. F. TIFFANY, fence guard.
— Ingram, serving a life sentence for
the murder of his brother.
SALEM, Or., June 9.— Harry Tracy
and David Merrill, two prisoners
serving, sentences of twenty and
thirteen years in the penitentiary
¦ It; is -believed • the fugitives may obtain
horses " and " attempt to get out of the
country by- that means. • *
: All day ¦ long large - posses ' searched for
the '* escaped convicts. Frequently during
the day reports were received from farm
ers,that the men had been seen skulking
in , the brush, and several of these indi
cated - that Tracy had been wounded/ as
he, was limping badly and was being sup
ported by his companion.
iLate this evening: some searchers re
turned, while others went out. Every
bridge and road is guarded - ; to-night by
armed, men to prevent the escape of the
convicts, if'.
SEABCH THUS TAB FUTILE.
rcction, while Sheriff Durbin and Marshal
Gibson started with; -5 strong forces to
cearchithe surrounding country. y
Superintendent; L.eeposted - a reward of
$1000 for the capture of. the fugitives.
Tracy and Merrill were ' armed with
short Winchester rifles . of/ ¦ 3tt. caliber.
Where they obtained' them or concealed
them is not known. The theory is that
the- rifles, together with three, revolvers
which they are known to possess, were
passed in yesterday by excursionists from
Portland, .who were allowed to go through
the prison^ . . • /¦'''¦¦:.:
Out of Range of the Penitentiary When They Brutally Put Him
to Death Before Disappearing From View in the Heavy Woocls
¦ ; • • / :."¦' ¦ . ¦ . ' -
Carry a Wounded Guard Before Them as a Shield Until They Are
FIRE CLAIMS
PATIENTS IN
SANITARIUM
YAQUI DEAD
LIE THICK IN
TRENCHES
TWO CONVICTS MURDER FOUR MEN
AND ESCAPE FROM SALEM'S PRISON
THE SAN : FR AjNCISCO % CALL*- TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1902.
5
"About a year ago I was suffering
with pains in my stomach and bowels
and the doctors said that J had appen-
dicitis, and that an operation was
necessary. I was miserable, as I
could neither eat nor sleep. I wrote
to Dr. Hariman and he advised me to
follow his directions,, which I gladly
did, and to-day lama well man, thanks
to this wonderful medicine, Peruna.
Peruna is the best thing on the market
to-day for catarrh. " Robert Simpkins.
writes?° bert SImpkins ' p ortal. N. Dak.,
"Peruna has been used in my fam-
ily with the very best results, and I
take pleasure in recommending your
valuable remedy to my friends as a
tonic and an effective cure for ca-
tarrh. "— Thos. J. Henderson:,
Catarrh assumes different phases In dif-
ferent seasons of the year." In the sum-
mer the stomach and bo wel3 suffer the
ofteneat as the seat of the trouble. Pe-
runa cures . catarrh wherever located.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the' us© of Peruna
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case and he will
be pleased to give you his valuablo ad-
vice Gratis. . .
Address Dr. Hartman, President of tb«
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus Ohio.
Hon. Thoa. J. Henderson, member of
Congress from. Illinois and lieutenant ln
the union army for eight years, writes
from the Lemon building, "Washington.
D. C, as follows:
Linen
We place on sale to-day a large quan-
tity of four-ply linen collars. They come
in twenty different shapes comprising
the latest styles; the sizes range from
14 to 18; the workmanship on them is
of the best order and they will go through
the laundry without acquiring at; saw-
edge. The former prices were I o and
1 .21 cents apiece-— to crowd our furnish-
ing goods department this week the
collars will be sold for
65c a dozen
( Out-of-town orders ; filled— write us.
718 Market Street
AP VEBTIS rl IYI tt to xa.
. M £ R M.' Baker,, a prominent citizen
of Buckhead. Ga., writes in a recent
letter his experience with.Peruna to build
up a broken down system. He says:
"Some time ago I was troubled with
catarrh of the stomach and spent lots of
money in buying so-called catarrh med-
icines and paying doctor's bills. Peruna
was recommended to me by a : friend and
after taking a few bottles I am happy to
say -that I am entirely cured.
,"I can recommend Peruna. because I
believe It to be the best catarrh remedy
on the market. My whole system was
out of order and my health generally
was very bad, but since taking Peruna
I am now. enjoying better health than
I can ever remember, and fully believe
that. Peruna did the work. I shall al-
ways speak a good word In Its behalf."
MR. ROBERT SIMPK1NS -i am well and
. ! HAD CATARRH OF THE STOMACH. STRONG TO-DAY,"
«« Doctors Called It Appendici- ? j , ,, v -
tis"-Pe.ru.na Cured. |j f SM |ji
' i.j: •* ~ - ¦ f ' '^c^s.' 4 »S i I
' ! _*-xjg S j M >^^- \ ll I II ¦^* VV I I'j I
. MLlROBEnXJiraTO '
REDUCTION!
GENUINE
sio^siisS^stp
Delivered to consumers in San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda by all coa! dealers.^
CHARLES R. ALLEN,
AGENT.
Snperior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. 1
Apioline Capsules for three months cost $J.
Druggist or P. O. Box 2081, New York. I
fvisrr DR. JORDAN'S great
\ MUSEUM OF AHATOHY
9 C3) . 1S51 a A221 r ss - lti - 6:i t?x &T-&2.
\ ,sJT ' The Largest Acitomicil Museum la tie
B -¦ >¦_'¦' ii World. Weaknesses or any contract ed
V aaSM Aseise p*aitl«ely carsd by the (Idol
• fMJai s P* cialist <"» the Coast. Esteem.
iflfjgf fi DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEM
1 6fry§ Consultition free nd strietly priTtta
I XSw; n Treatment personilly or by lett«». A
1 W. Vl ¦ JP'iitiv* Cur* in erery caseuadenmJcea.
P U lift ' w rlM for Book. PBILOSaPBTaf
" M IT MRKUCE, MAILED FXX2. (A
n IL valuable book for men) - - -
Dft JUBDAXAVO.. 1051 ATarteetSfc.S. F.
THE NJiyiBLE NICKEL
That you. pay. us for laundering your linen
wlll v brinsr. you- more solid, satisfaction
than the sfow shilling spent with another
because we give you just the
right finish.; Just the right care to. make It
satisfactory in -every way for every occa-
sion. May
.No saw -edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street. :•-.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
WeiHy GaB $L00 S8i Yeai
San Francisco, Tuesday, 10 June, 1002.
' • •*"¦'' ¦¦
• ¦ 1 -I
Choice of two woods. >
The difference between this bedroom set at £32.50 and
the "samething" you have possibly seen elsewhere for
!- t ¦;%¦'.' less money may not be as apparent to you at the time of
your purchase as it invariably proves after short usage.
Three pieces, in solid oak, golden finish or mahoganized
birch, $32.50. Bedstead usual double size, measuring 79
inches high at head board and 35 inches at foot board. ¦
Bureau measures 80 inches high and 43 inches wide;
contains French bevel plate mirror 23x29 inches and
. swell front top drawers. ' ..'i::^
A rare treat in window display is provoking abun-
dance of comment in front of , our store, just now. The
effect is strictly in accordance with the many signs of
respect paid our visiting 'friends of the' Mystic Shrine,
and is exceptionally appropriate at this time. A bach-
elor's, or what might be rightly called a Shriner's den.
Its completeness almost baffles an attempt to describe;
the very latest productions of the most modern makers of
furniture, rich rugs and draperies are displayed in great
variety. Don't miss it. ,
- . • '¦¦''"¦' ¦ •¦•¦.'.'¦¦'.¦¦.-' ¦-.-'•¦', ~ •<¦.;
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.is indorsed by Auditor George T. Klin*
Erastus Young, General Auditor of th
Union and Southern Pacific, and last am
largest by President E. H. Harriman.
THREE RAILROAD MEN WHO
HAVE WON WELL DE
SERVED PROMOTION. *
Every , time a man is too sick to go
downtown his wife begins to wonder how
she will look in mourning.
: ¦ . -¦¦-.¦••¦.<
Lord Kitchener will keep the pot boiling with' that
grant of £50,000. The people will also boil a little
paying a bread tax to furnish the money. .
Some Mississippi people have announced that they
do not wish to see President Roosevelt, but had they
been really as indifferent to him' as they pretend, they
would not have taken the trouble to make the an
nouncement - :& I oV: ? B £3 .
Senator Hanna's advice to the Ohio people, "Keep
on letting, well enough alone," is a good * campaign
cry in these day's of prosperity. - Why should anybody
wish to try another policy or another party when all
is going well? . . ...
Congressman Tongue of Oregon, who has just been
re-elected by a; largely increased plurality, is said to
be one of the most silent. men in Congress. There
are others who might profit by the example.
.¦¦.-¦- _.¦•..'¦•
Senator Vest announces that he intends to write
a yalume of memoirs, "in order to do justice to the
dead and remove many false impressions now ac
cepted as authentic history." . When published the
book will probably be reviewed as another contribu
tion to the list of historical romances.
Agents for American agricultural ma
chines sold in Constantinople last 'year
370 reapers and mowers* 2 binders, 4
rakes and one thrasher. No effort is made
to sell binders, because they are consid
ered too complicated for satisfactory us«
by the Turkish peasants. •
NICE FOR LADY-G. G. E., East Oak
land, Cal. "What kind of a club would
be nice for young ladles, other than lit
erary, sewing, etc.," is a pretty difficult
one to answer, in view of the fact that
"etc." includes any kind of club or so
ciety in which young ladles can hold
membership. The onljr answer to the
question is: Join anything you fancy that
Is included In "etc." if you do not care
for. a literary club or a sewing society.
Gus Holmes, proprietor of the. Hotel An
gelus at Los Angelea and the Knuttsford
of Salt Lake, is at the Palace, accompa
nied by his daughter, Miss Lalah Holmes
W. J. Rause, business manager of the.
Lbs Angeles Herald and one of the mo3t
popular newspaper men on the coast, is
at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.'
L. P. Vance, an. official in the contract
mechanical department of the United
States Navy Yard at Mare Island, is at
the Occidental. . '
J. W. Boyle, a: street car magnate of
Utlca, N. Y.,- is here with the Shriners
and : has made his headquarters at • the
Grand.
. Dr. J. M. Blodgett of Lodi is at the
Grand. He was formerly. connected. with
St. Luke's Hospital in this city. • " ¦
Judge A. Hewel of Modesto ia registered
at the Lick.
Speaker Pendleton of Los Angeles Is. at
the Grand.
George F. Ditzner, a mining man of
Biggs, is at the Grand. • . '
J. S. Goodwin/ a mining man of You
Bet, is a guest at the Lick. :
Railroad Commissioner -N. Blackstock
of Ventura is at the Grand. V
United States Marshal M.' H. McCord of
Arizona is a guest at the Lick.
L. A. Spltzer, County. Assessor of Santa
Clara County, Is at the Grand.
The Northern- Pacific Railway is tha beat,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewlston
and fitltes. Idaho, there are *tood wagon roads
to eUher Warrens or Dixie, from -which point*
the trails into this district are moat accessible.
For rates, etc. address T. K. STatbt.ep
G. A.. W7 Market st.. S. F. ,
PP Going to Thunder Sloan tain P?
PERSONAL MENTION.
Last year there were 192,705 miles of
telegraphic lines and 933,153 miles of wire
in the United States. >, ..-,. B
. SWINE— A. D., City. There is no law
to prevent a person from keeping hogs
in San Francisco outside of certain limits
laid down in Subdivision I of Section 63,
Order 1587, Board of Supervisors. If : a
hog pen is maintained alongside of a
fence line and the same becomes a nuis
ance, such may be abated by law.
Dr. Sanf ord's liver Invigorator, ,
Best Liver Medicine, Vegetable Cure for Liver Ilia
Biliousness. Indigestion, Constipation. Malaria.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public- men by t£i»
Vitas Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call,
fornia street. Telephone Mala 10iX .«
STEWARDESS— Stranger, City. For a
position as a stewardess on a foreign
steamer, apply to the master or the agent
for the vessel on which you would like
to be employed. The applicant is ques
tioned as to qualifications to fill Uie posi
tion and references are also required.
"~Town«end'8 California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in artistic flre-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 639 Market
street. Palace Hotel building, r • - •
CALVES' HORNS^Subscriber, Byron,
Cal. Possibly the best process to prevent
calves' horns from growing is to have
the animals dehorned.
Reduction, genuine eyeglasses, specs, 10
to 40c. Note 81 4th, front barber, grocer.*
SPOONER— H. P., Brownsville, Cal.
The given name of .Senator Spooner of
Wisconsin is John C.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend'.*.*'
CaL glac fruit 60c per 1b at Townsead'*.*
There ought, to-be "some way for statesmen to set
tle aaebjate of this kind that has been prolonged for
years. The Spooner bill offers a way. It may not be
the best bill that is conceivable, but it is a great deal
better than endless wrangling. It provides a means
of getting something done. It means business.
The question ought to be settled at once. Both the
great political parties of the country have repeatedly
declared in favor of a canal, and about every import
ant 'commercial or industrial organization in the
Union has urged prompt action. Examination after
examination has been made of the various routes and
all the facts that are obtainable are now in the posses
sion of Congress and the nation. ' It is clear there will
never be a unanimous agreement as to the route.
The danger is that between the advocates of the rival
enterprises Congress may be deadlocked for years to
come. In this Congress the , House of Representa
tives has passed a bill providing for the construction
of a canal by the Nicaragua route by an overwhelm
ing majority. That bill i s now threatened with defeat
in the Senate. Should the Senators pass a Panama
bill, it would probably; be defeated in the House. Thus
the work would be blocked. It would be a victory for
those who wish no canal at all.
In. this situation, Boards of Trade, Chambers of
Commerce andj.Other representative bodies should
urge upon Congress the adoption of the plan of pass
ing an isthmian, canal bill, leaving it to the President
"to determine which route is best. Senator Spooner
introduced a bill of that kind soon after the canal bill
was sent up from the House to the Senate.. The issue
therefore would not be a new one; nor would it re
quire any elaborate consideration. It has been fully
discussed in Congress anr 1 by the press and might
readily enough be adopted -t this session.
REPORTS from Washington are ominous of dis
aster to the hopes of those who have expected
the passage of an isthmian canal bill at this
session. The more the. subject is discussed the more
deeply marked appears the division between the ad
vocates of the Nicaragua route and those of the Pan
ama route. The volcanic eruption in the West Indies'
that seemed at one time to lead to a general accep
tance of the Panama line by reason of the menace of
volcanoes along the Nicaragua route has had no.
other effect than that of stirring up counter reports
of (earthquakes at Panama. Each side stands by its
guns and it looks as if there would be a long fight
before the finish. '.•' •
THE CANAL BILL.
Tlie ceremonies began, by the playing of
the "Star Spangled Banner" by the Uni
ted States Marine Band. President McFar
land of tlife Board of. Commissioners
then delivered an address. Chairman Wil
son H. Brown of the Joint Committee of
the Councils of Philadelphia responded
Following this the Marine Band played
Sousa's "Liberty Bell." The crowd was
then permitted to pass by the car. A
number of children were lifted into the
car, while little bunches of flowers from
other children were placed on the car.
During the exercises the minute-men of
the District, dressed In colonial uni
forms, took position in front of the car,
where they remained throughout the day!
The Marine and other bands remained
thrcughout the day and played selections.
The cA will proceed to Philadelphia «o^
morrow.
WASHINGTON, June 9.-The Liberty
Bell arrived here to-day, en route to Phil
adelphia, from the Charleston Exposition
where it was on exhibition. The arrival
of the bell was marked with brief patriot
ic exercises and thousands of people
passed before the car during the day and.
viewed the bell.
During the early part of the session the
naval appropriation , bill was considered.
All of the committee amendments were
disposed of except that relating to the
construction of two additional battleships,
two cruisers and two gunboats.
An interesting discussion' of the isth
mian canal project was made in- the Sen
ate to-day by Harris of Kansas, a member
of the Committee on In teroceanlc Canals,
v,-ho is also an engineer of recognized
ability. His discussion of the technical
details of canal construction was listened
to with profound attention. He strongly
advocated the selection of the Nlcaraguan
route. He maintained that it was entirely
feasible and practicable from an engineer
ing standpoint, and said that some of the
difficulties presented by the Panama route
were insuperable, notably. 1 the'eonstruc
tion'of the Bohlo dam. . .
Mondell of Wyoming and Shafroth of
Colorado supported the minority substi
tute. Bell of Colorado opposed the bill in
toto. No vote was reached. . ¦ . '_ ¦ • .
The remainder of the day was devoted
to the bill to transfer certain forest-re
serves from the Interior Department to
the Aglcultural Department, and to au
thorize the creation in such reserves of
game and fish preserves. President Roose
velt in his annual message recommended
such a measure. The minority of the
Public Lands Gommittee offered a Senate
substitute for the bill, a measure which
eliminated that portion of the bill which
transfers the reserves to the Agricultural
Department. Lacey of Iowa, ,Kleberg of
Texas, Perkins of New York and Wil
liams of Missouri spoke in favor of the
bill. ' .'.''.
WASHINGTON, June 9.— The House
passed the bill to protect the President,
Vice President, members of the Cabinet
and foreign Ministers and Embassadors
and to suppress the teaching of anarchy
by a vote of j 175 to 38. A motion to re
commit the measure with instructions to
strike out certain sections was defeated
by a vote of 71 to 123.
As to the platform on which the. banqueters will
build the altar of harmony, it is hardly worth while
to speculate. Cleveland will doubtless assert one
doctrine and Bryan another. It will be left to David
Bennett Hill to adjust the planks and Henry Watter
son will spread over the structure a sufficient'num
ber of flowers of rhetoric to hide the cracks and cover
the points where the misfits meet. Mr. Watterson has
already declared there is no particular need for a plat
form. He has said, "Nothing should go into the plat
form which would tend to drive any one from the
party who supported it in 1896"; and we may infer
that he would also object to anything that would drive
away the Democrats who didn't support the candidate
of that year.-
In a recent issue of. the Courier- Journal Mr. Wat
terson says: "Why should we agitate ourselves over
the platforms of 1896 and 1900, on which we lost two
successive Presidential battles? If it be insisted that
we turn back for a platform, why not that of 1892
on which we won our last Presidential "battle? The
truth is, we should retrace nq footsteps, saddle our
selves with no handicaps, but, turning our backs upon
the past, cur faces to the future and'the foe, we should
gather in the ample- shelter of the old Democratic
The reappearance of the ex- President in the field
will be an interesting fact. ,He has been repudiated by
his party, hooted, hissed and denounced as a political
traitor. Now he is invited to come back and take the
highest. scat at the table. > Naturally there will be a
good deal of curiosity to hear what he is going to say,
and how the other banqueters will receive it. It is
to be hoped Bryan will not shirk the situation. The
country would like to have the pleasure of seeing the
"old" man" and the "boy orator" confronted at the
banquet board> talking harmony and mutual good
will. *
A meeting of such an assemblage of silver men and
gold men, Eastern men' and Western men, Tammany
men and anti-Tammany men, would An itself be a
marked incident in the politics of the day, but the
occasion is to have a brighter luster yet. It is an
nounced that Grover Cleveland has been invited as
the chief guest of the banquet and that he has ac
cepted and will make a speech.
An estimate of the comprehensive nature of the
banquet may be formed from the announcement that
upward of 1500 prominent Democrats have been in
vited to attend the feast. Among those who are ex
pected are: David B. Hill, William J. Bryan, Sen
ator Bacon of Georgia, Mayor Collins of Boston,
John D. Milburn of Buffalo, Richard Olney, the Rev!
Felix Adler, Bourke Cockran, William C. Whitney,
ex-Mayors Grace, Grant, Gilroy, Van Wyck, Hewitt,
Cooper, Edson and Ely, and Lewis Nixon.
ONE more vigorous effort is to. be. made by the
Democratic leaders in New York to formulate
a policy for the party before the Congres
sional campaigns begin. The new movement has
taken the form of a political association, to be known
as "The Tildeii Club." It is to be inaugurated on
the 19th of this month at a banquet, to which prom
inent Democrats of all sections of the country and all
shades of opinion have been invited. A sufficient
number of acceptances have been received to render
it certain that the occasion will be a notable one, and
once more^the hopes of the' reorganizes soar high.
ANOTHER DEMOCRATIC RALLY.
"The man died six months ago. He has
left nothing subject to attachment save a
widow."— Evening Wisconsin.
A man wrote to/ a "Western lawyer for
information in regard to a person who
had owed him a considerable sum of
money for a long time.
"What property has he which I could
attach?" he asked.
The lawyer's reply was brief and to the
point.
"Then I don't -want it,", answered the
applicant. "My observation has been that
in order to hold a sinecure you've got to
do enough hard hustling in active politics
to earn the salary half a dozen times
over."— "Washington Star.
"That place you mention is regarded 0.3
a sinecure," said the politician.
The amusing mistakes that people make
in the matter of foreign phrases are well
exemplified by the proprietor of a Sansom
street restaurant. Gaudy pink cards, ad
vertising hi3 place of business, are geing
distributed, containing this astonishing
sentence: "The cafe is not only con
sidered the bete noire place to. stop for re
freshments, but the excellence of its ser
vice and viands commands' the respect of
all fair-minded people."' It is suspected
that the proprietor ha3 been the victim
of some joke-loving customer, who duped
him into believing that bete noire meant
something decidedly ultra, quite recher
che, In fact.— Philadelphia Record.
LIBERTY BELL
ON EXHIBITION
AT WASHINGTON
a chance' to smile^
A Pennsylvania professor has been amusing himself
by telling the New York people that a mountain in
the neighborhood of that city was once an active vol
cano and is likely to resume activity at any time. The
New Yorkers are so frightened at the prospect' ot. a'
local Pelee that a good many of them are thinking
of going to Philadelphia, where they can be sure of
a quiet life. ' / ' '", :
FREE UTILITIES.
It is to be hoped that this advance step by the ad
vocates of public ownership will not at all check the
movement for entire reform in public accounting for
a plain and simple system of audit and account 'will
be more necessary under the proposed plan than it
is now. •
The new plan of supporting public utilities by tax
ation, and without further charge to the user, admits
everything that is charged against their administra
tion by charge and collection of rates. Granting that
it will economize their administration by io per'cent,
it still remains to be proved that their enjoyment by
the user will be any cheaper than under private admin
istration. The writer above quoted believes that it
will be cheaper, but there are others who believe that
even the essential activities of government, the police
fire and sanitary departments of 'city government'
could be run so much cheaper as a private business
proposition that the saving would constitute a satis
factory business profit
This concedes The Call's premise that public waste
is greater than corporate profit. The plan for can
celing out this element will no doubt now come into
focus in the discussion. Let us get rid of one error
that has already appeared in it. That which is paid
for in any form is not free. We owe this error to the
use of the term "free schools." That term originated
when it was expected that the landed endowment of
our public school system would suffice to support it,
without resort to taxation. That expectation proved
futile, because the lands have been disposed of un
timely and at their minimum value and the fund they
produced has to be supplemented by taxation that
is often complained cf as burdensome. The schools
are paid for, but not by rates exacted of their patrons,
and are free to none. Every renter is a taxpayer and
contributes by rent to support the schools in which
his children are educated, as does every owner of tax
able realty or personalty.
A California writer on the subject mistakenly calls
a water system supported entirely by taxation and
not at all by rates "a free water system," and says of
it: "In the first place it is more economical. The
cost of accounting and collecting is done away with.
I have looked over the reports of cities having so
called municipal systems, and I find that the cost of
keeping the accounts with consumers arid the
collection of water rates amounts in many
cases to over io per cent of the entire op
erating expenses. If this could be dispensed with the
saving would be very material. If this item of ex
pense could be abolished there would be no question
but that public operation would be cheaper than pri
vate operation." •
As every investigation has shown that such utilities
are operated at a greater cost than in private hands,
and that public waste more than equals corporate
profit, it is now proposed that the fixing and collec
tion of rates be entirely abandoned. Water, light and
street railroad systems are to be supported directly
by taxation and be free to the use of all without any
further charge. It is claimed that under such a sys
tem it will be positively shown that such utilities will
be furnished cheaper than is possible by private cap
ital.
THE persistent demand for reform in public ac
counting has caused the proponents of public
ownership and operation of public utilities to
take a very important advance step.
TUESDAY ...JUNE io, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
littttM All CoauBULitttions (e W. S. LEASE, Mtntgsr.
TELEPHONE^
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You V ' -«h.
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Marlc*t and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delirered hr Carrier*". 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copteii. S Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Pontages
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALX> (including- Sunday), 6 months S.00
DAILT CALL, (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. /.. 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear 1.80
WEEKLY CALL. One Year.. : 1.00
All postmaster* are r.nthorlsed to receive
subscriptions.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering cha: -« of address efconld be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In coder
to ln\ure a prcrr.pt and correct compliance with their vaguest.
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1113 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROOXESS. .
Kutzgtx Tortifn Adrertuirg, 2ttr(Settt Building, CMc&gi
(Long Distance Telephore "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAIILTO.V Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVB:
ITEPHE.V B. SMITH oO Tribune ButldlnB
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
tTaldorf- Astoria, Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FYrmont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D- C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 C St, If. W.
MORTOX E. CRAMS, Correspondent.
BB.AXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 631
McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Laxkin, open until
8:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1099 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, c-en
Until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fill more, open until 9 p. m.
ANARCHY BILL
IS PASSED BY
BIG MAJORITY
THE CHIEF topic in railroad circles
yesterday was' the promotion by
President E. H. Harriman of the
Southern. Pacific Company of three
old time officials or the road.
To-day a circular will be sent through
out the "Yellow/Building" notifying the
Southern Patiflc Company employes that
in the future J. "Wilder, who for so many
years has been freight auditor for the
company, with headquarters at Fourth
and Townsend streets, has been promoted
to the position of assistant auditor of the
Southern "Pacific and •will remove his of
fices tothe : Wells-Fargo building.
D. W. Horsburgh, who has been for
many years assistant freight auditor of
the Southern Pacific will from to-day 'on
be freight auditor and Henry S. Lincoln
will be his assistant.
The news of the promotion of the three
officials comes as a pleasant surprise to
their friends. Wilder entered the service
of the Central Pacific. way back in 1S68
and was made freight auditor of the road
in 1872, which office he has held up to date.
He is a very popular railroad man and is
deemed strict. yet just.
D. W. Horsburgh, who succeeds Mr
Wilder as freight auditor, has been in the
employ of the Southern Pacific for thirty
years and during that time has been
twenty years assistant freight auditor.
He is deemed one of the most honorable
and painstaking officials in the employ of
the company and his promotion is held
to be well earned.
Henry S. Lincoln won his spurs as con
fidential clerk to J. G. Stubbs, the great
railroad traffic man. Mr. Lincoln was the
right hand man of Mr. Stubbs fromlSSl
to 1901.
The circular which will be issued to-day
It seems almost useless to warn the public against
frauds of this kind. Again and again the newspapers
of the country have had occasion vta'-expose some
bare-faced swindle carried on under the form of some
kind of investment company, and yet the warning
contained in the exposure doe^ little good.- No sooner
,is one rascal captured and imprisoned than another
appears and does a thriving trade. Nor is it always
the poor and the ignorant who are deceived. Some of
the "get rich quick" concerns have found dupes
among all classes of business men. By excluding
their circulars and letters from the mails' the Gov
ernment can. do something to check the evil, and it
is gratifying to know it is to be done; The Govern
ment cannot consent to permit its energies and agen
cies to be made use of for purposes of fraud.
A recent report on the subject says: "The informa
tion already secured was reported by one officer, whose
inspection tour included less than four weeks' work in
a small part of the country. The inspector reports
that there are some thirty firms in Kansas City, be
tvveen_ thirty and forty in Chicago, nearly twenty in
Louisville, eight in Des Moines, and from seven to
twenty in various places throughout the West, from
Lexington, Ky., to Denver, Colo. He said that they
had exhausted the vocabulary of corporation litera
ture."
Most of the dupes of 'the swindlers are working men
and women, have been' induced to make invest
ments in the;various schemes in the fond hope of de
riving a profit. Many of the so-called companies are
new. The profits must be large, for.it is said-they
are springing up rapidly all over the Mississippi Val
ley. Short as has been, their career, however, the
complaints concerning them are already numerous,
and the Postoffice Department has' ample evidence
against them to justify their exclusion from the mails.
WHILE the Government at Washington is in
no sense paternal and does not undertake to
prevent a fool from acting according to his
,folly r and Soon parting himself from his money, yet
} l d 95 s undertake- to prevent fraudulent schemers from
"using, the agencies of the Government in enticing the
unwary to. part with their coin. The Postoffice De
partment has- most to do with 'frauds of this kind,
since it is by means of the mails that the swindlers
most frequently get" into- communication with their
dupes.;" Recently the department has been especially
active' inj.ja'uppressing' fraudulent enterprises' carried
on through the; mails, and according to reports from
Washing|on ; a grea* deal' of good has : bean- accom
plished. '•¦'.; ;.::; -.,-;;. ; ; v V "V ¦- :.:••
Of late;the attention: of -the fraud order division of
the office has ; been 'directed to- what are -known W 1
"home corporation:: and '.''bond 1 investment", schemes.
Such 'schemes, it is -said, are ; being worked more ex
tensively and; more ;^ in the West than in
any^otherVart; of- the. country. . An official report sub
mitted to the Postmaster General estimates these
questionable companies have already contracted lia
bilities amounting to- upward of $50,000,060, while
their total available'assets do not equal one-tenth of
that amount. ' '
.CHECKING FRAUDS.
It is said to be evident that the Cuban reciprocity
bill cannot possibly pass the Seriate without the aid of
Democratic votes, and yet some of its advocates are
trying to force it as a Republican measure and insist
that Republicans should vote for it out of party loy
alty.
passengers in the city and county of San Fran
cisco shall be hereafter granted excepting that
a condition is specifically imposed in said fran
chise that all conductors, motormen. and grip
men employed on cars carrying or transporting
passengers within 'the city and county of San
Francisco shall be citizens of the United States
and members in good standing of Division No.
205 of San Francisco, or some other division,
of the Amalgamated Association of Street Rail
way Employes of America.
Section 2 — This ordinance shall take effect
and be in. force from and after Its passaga.
•Supervisor Brandenstein said it was a
serious piece of legislation, and he there
fore suggested that the matter be turned
over to the City and County Attorney for
his opinion. After some discussion the
matter was referred to the Joint Com
mittee on Judiciary and Streets for ac
tion. -~
An adjournment was taken until Mon
day next.
£rtOJ
The Supervisors at thefc-xneetlngr yes
terday finally passed the Jbjr$jret by a
unanimous vote. "When the-'matt^r was
brought up for passage Supervisor Bnran
hart asked that the communlcattoti. 'sent
to the board by the Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs, which criticized ihe
action of the board, be read. When tha
document was- read Braunhart arose to a
question of privilege and said: -
I believed petitions of all citizens, especially
in reference to the budget, should bo cour
teously considered. There are. several refer
ences to the Democratic members of the board
that seem to deserve more than passing atten
tion. I deny that there was any pledge mada
by. the Democratic members of the board that
they would do anything, other than they hava
done In ! preparing the budget I think the
budget will compare favorably with any here
tofore made.
Owing to the absence of Supervisor San.
derson the matter of the 7%-cent levy
asked by the Board of education was not
taken up; as a full board was required.
The matter therefore was postponed until
Monday next, when it -will be taken up as
a special order of business at 3:15 o'clock.
Upon motion of Supervisor Alpers the
members of the Board of Education were
Invited to be present and explain how it
will use the money obtained by the levy.
Mayor Schmitz introduced Mayor
Knight of Buffalo, who was. accorded a
welcome. The visitor said he was here on
a pleasure trip and was trying to forget
the cares of business. He said he was
pleased to watch the proceedings of tha
board, which, he said, was transacted
differently in his own city. s
Captain Payson, a representative of the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroa.1,
appeared before the board and announced
that the corporation he represented would
build the Third street drawbridge, at a
cost not to exceed $70,000, In return for
franchises granted it He asked that
three years be allowed the railroad com
pany to finish the work. Thisrequest be
ing granted. Captain Payson' announced
that he would file a bond to carry out the
agreement. „ ' . .
Attorney- Schilling, who represents Jo
seph W. Goldstein and others, argued to
the board that It ought to audit his
clients* claims for J23.000 for property con
demned by the city to build St. Mary's
Park.
Supervisor "Wynn presented the follow
ing ordinance: • ; ••..:'.'.
Ordinance No. , determining an addition
al condition to those Imposed by law la the
matter of granting franchises to operate and
maintain street railroads for the transportation
of passengers in the city and county of San
Francisco.
Be it ordained by the people of the city and
county of San Francisco, as follows:
Section 1 — No franchise to operate and main,
tain a street railroad for the transportation of
To our brilliant guests, therefore,. our welcome goes
most heartily. The passwords and the signs of the Mys
tic Shrine can be given them by their fellow Shriners
only, but from all classes of citizens they will receive
the cordial grip of welcome and of hospitality and
know that San Francisco is theirs to command.
Over and above the gratification derived from the
brilliancy of the parades and the general joyousness of
the entertainments that will mark the meeting will
be the satisfaction at having a visit from so many men
of wealth and worth from distant. States'. The Amer
ican custom of holding conventions and assembling in
large masses" has an important effect in developing
a true sense of unity of the people of the whole coun
try and cultivating frie'ndly relations among those
who live in the. farthest separated States. The Shrin-^
ers who have crossed the hot sands from the East
will carry back to. their homes' a memory of some
thing more than the demonstration of the worth of
their order. They will have a fuller realization 6f the
greatness of the republic and the essential oneness of
the vast population of their fellow countrymen. They
will return to add new commendations to the many
pronounced by former travelers upon our State and
our city, and thuls help us to advance until California
holds in the Union; the place to which her natural
gifts entitle her.
, The week of the Mystic Shriners is going to be
something like a grand holiday. The gorgeous uni
forms, the bright colors of banners and flags, the
sparkle of medals and insignia, the blare of trumpets
and the roll cf drums, will enliven the city and give
to our accustomed occidental ways something of the
mystery and the pomp of the marvelous lands where
the crescent and the cross struggled for mastery in the
old days when knighthood was in flower and Arabian
culture was the admiration of the world.
Fortunately we shall have to put no constraint upon
ourselves to make the welcome manifest and notable.
The more that come, the merrier will the welcome be.
We can never be weary of entertaining our kinsmen
of the East and showing them how far California sur
passes anything they ever saw at home. In shorty we
have a double satisfaction in greeting all who came;
first, that of receiving visitors whom we -are pleased
to meet, and second, that of exhibiting the beauties
and the splendors of our matchless State.
California has long been the "excursion State" of
the Union and San Francisco is rapidly becoming the
chief summer convention city. Last season we had
a host of visitors within our gates, and this year will
see our streets thronged by a host more numerous
still. By reason of the prestige we have acquired in
that, way a new glory has come to us and a new re
sponsibility rests upon us. From this tirne >on we
shall doubtless have every summer a great throng of
visitors from all parts of the Union, and it will be
our duty to maintain undiminished the repute of hos
pitality that has come down to us from the days of the
pioneers.
FOR the Mystic Shriners San Francisco has a
welcome ardent as the Orient and lavish as the
West. -To reach us many of them have liter
ally "crossed the hot sands." • They will find this
city a true midsummer oasis, the like of which exists
nowhere else on the globe.
THREE RAILROAD MEN
RECEIVE PROMOTION
BUDGET PASSED
UNANIMOUSLY BY
SUPERVISORS
campground and rekindle the fires .that -.once blazed
'there, saying to ourselves and to one another— saying
in reverence and not in profanity, Bygones shall be
bygones; by the Eternal arid through the grace of
God, bygones shall be bygones!"
That, then, may be taken as the slogan. The Dem;
ocratic campaign is to be made upon the • platform :
"By the Eternal, bygones shall be bygones." In that
case, however, the country would like to know why
Cleveland is to be brought from retirement and Bryan
, from his barn. Are they not bygones?
THE MYSTIC SHRINERS.
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1902.
6
E Established 1823. •
WHISKEY €#S
Tha.t'S:3AIJtr?^fVu . Ra
-~~, -v B ,rii, RewesenUtlT.. 300 Batter^ e^^VrMdwiT
rnldeacc during the summer months) can nave
their paper forwarded by mall to their nevr
addresses br notifylnar The Call Business Office.
This paper will alao be on sale at all summer
reports and ia represented by- a local asjent In
all towns on the coast.
Call «nt*serlber* contemplating: a. cliance of
10 EUISGBIEEBS LEAYIEG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.NOTED ENGLISH POLO PLAT
ER, AND CAPTAIN OF AMER
ICAN TEAM.
ously that "Waterbury was thrice forced
to knock out ln order to save the goal.
The Englishmen finally scored a clean
goal.
Play in the second period was fast, the
ball alternating at each end,' until the
American scored from a short spot right
in front of- the post.
"Waterbury's stubborn defense was the
feature of the third period, but the Eng
lishmen's combination play and fine riding
off told.. . .. . .
At half-time *the score was: English
men, 2; Americans, 1.
In the fourth period the Americans
played a resolute game. Miller and Nick
alls were hurt, but immediately resumed
play.
The score stood England 3, Americans
1, at the close of the period. .
The fifth period was fine, continued play
on both sides and after a grand struggle
the Englishmen gradually forced the ball
down and scored their fourth goal
In the sixth period the Americans ran
away with the ball and hit the goal, but
unluckily they had a man off side and
the goal was canceled. In spite of this
the American team held on with great
pluck and there was a grand struggle in
front of the goal. The defense and at
tack of the Americans was splendid but
again Miller scored, taking the fifth goal
by a long shot. The game was now prac
tically over and the English team, playine
a great game, won by six goals to one
Neither King Edward nor Queen Alex
andra was present at the game to-day
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
street, (or illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. •
The quickest and most convenient way ln
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave Ean Francisco to
day at 9 a. . m. on the California Limited you
are ln Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m. ¦ ¦
Yosemite Via. the Santa Fe.
Mrs. M»'ia Nolan, sister of Blanche A.
Chapman, or Blanche A. Warren, filed a
petition for letters of administration upon
the estate of the deceased yesterday. Th«
deceased, who was asphyxiated a few
days ago, had a deposit of $500 in a local
bank.
jLeft Money on Deposit.
. A large number of citizens appeared
in the Police Courts yesterday on a charge
of fast driving over street crossings. As
they did not know that Mayor Schmitz
had issued an order that horses must be
driven at a walk over the Market-street
crossings the cases were dismissed with a
warning to the defendants.
Arrested for Fast Driving.
Richard Eccleston, statistician for the
United States Immigrant Bureau, reports
836 arrivals at this port during May. Of
these S18 were tourists. Of the remalnin'g
518 the following are the nationalities:
English 76, Japanese 291, Mexicans 53, Ger
mans 27, Scandinavians 12, Spanish-Amer
icans 14; Filipinos, French, Greeks and
Italians 6 each; Irish 4, Pacific Islanders
3, West Indians 2., The occupations were:
One hundred and one merchants, 63 mar
iners, 26 farmers, 22 farm laborers, 24 mis
cellaneous not stated, 10 laborers, 9 en
gineers, 7 miners, 6 carpenters, 4 hotel
keepers, 15 house servants, 3 physicians, 2
bakers, 3 painters, 3 shoemakers, 3 bank
ers. 195 no occupation, including women
and children. Seven Immigrants were de
barred, of whom four were paupers and
three diseased. ,
Immigration for May.
The annual entertainment given by the
nurses of the Homeopathic Sanatorium
was held last night at the nurses' cot
tage on Central avenue. There were none
but the nurses and their immediate
'rh'e deception room of the cottage had
been made gay with numerous beautiful
floral gifts sent the young ladles by many
who had been under their care. Parlor
games had been arranged and, of course,
there was among the amusements offered
the now famous ping pong, for which
there were dainty prizes. One of the most
amusing of the games, however, was the
improvised "fish-pond," which contained
all manner of ridiculous articles
The young ladies were armed with small
fishing rods and as each one would bring
up from the water a dilapidated shoe or
an old straw hat, a toy kitten and other
things equally ludicrous there would be
an outburst of hearty laughter. Ping
pon? was voted out of service after the
amusement derived from the "fish-pond"
game.
During the evening there was singing
and Instrumental music.
Those of the nursing staff who partici
pated in the entertainment were Misses
Blanch Minaker, Lily Newell, Lester
Hickey, Irene Hopps, Janet Hopps, Ruth
Hopps, Francis Emerline Southern, Leila
Forschler, Elizabeth Ham, Eleanor Bro
phy. Pearl Wycoff, Ellen Kelly, Christine
Minugh, Clara Hoppin, Eugenia Yarring
ton. Edith Cole, Margaret Powell, Mrs.
McVlcker and Miss Etna B. Chattin,
superintendent of the sanatorium.
ceive 3Jtany of Their Friends
at Their Cottage Home.
Staff of Homeopathic Sanatorium Re-
Sell Liquor Without License.
August Koehnke, Tony Phillips, Anton
Meyer and Louis P. Matkin appeared be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a
charge of selling liquor without a 'license
and the cases were continued till Thurs
day. They are four of the saloon-keepers
whose licenses were not renewed recent
ly by the Police Commissioners owing to
the proximity of their saloons to the Pre-
Eidio. Chief Wittman learned that liquor
was being sold in these places and de
tailed officers in plain clothes to visit them
with the result that warrants were sworn
out for their arrest.
A letter from Henry Miller, United
States Consul at Newchwang, China, to
a prominent commercial firm of this city
says, in response to inquiries ln regard to
truae possibilities ln Mongolia, that there
is a great demand for beer, wines, liquors,
meats, canned fruits, general groceries,
bocts and shoes, candles, flour, milk, soap,
candles, cotton and woolen goods. It fs
stated that business must be conducted in
the Russian language and that only such
gocd s can be sold as may please the Rus
sians.
Tells of Trade Possibilities.
HURSES ENJOY THEIR
ANNUAL ENTERTAINMENT
HURLINGHAM, June 9.— The dis
appointment caused by the post
ponement of Saturday last had
some influence In keeping down
the size of the fashionable crowd
which assembled at Hurlingham this aX
ternoon to witness the second game in the
series being played for the American
polo cup. .
The betting before the opening of tho
game was *till in favor of England, in
spite of the American success in the first
game of the series played May 31. A num
ber of wagers were made at 5 to 4 on the
Englishmen. A little rain fell a few min
utes before the match began.
The teams were as follows:
Americans— R. L. Agasslz, J. E. Coudln,
Foxhall Keene and Lawrence Waterbury.
British.— Cecil Nickalls, Frederick • Freake,
George Miller and Walter H. Buckmaster.
The game opened In a lively manner.
The play started with a fierce rush by
the Americans toward the English goal.
The ball was kept there for some time,
but finally the British forced it back,
threatening the American goal so danger-
On Thursday evening the San Francisco
Athletic Club will bring off its regular
monthly boxing exhibition. Amateurs of
all weights will box four rounds for
trophies. The card is made up as fol
lows: Joice vs. John Walton, heavy
weights; Joe Millett vs. Fred Stanley,
heavy-weights; Pete McGee vs. Ed Lewis,
135 pounds; Jim Kane vs. Bob Thompson,
125 pounds; Jack Cordell vs. Chic Cal
laghan, 115 pounds, and Joe Kelly vs.
Matt Tarrell. 125 pounds.
AMATEUR CONTESTS.
GARDNER GOING EAST.
All arrangements have been concluded
for G«orge Gardner to go to Chicago and
box -Philadelphia" Jack O'Brien. Greg
gains telegraphed for tickets, and as soon
as they arrive he* will depart with his
protege for the scene of future hostilities.
Gardner and O'Brien will weigh in at 162
pounds. Gardner is doing light work, pre
paratory for his bout.
Manager Alec Greggains stated yester
day that this morning he would sign a
contract for the erection of a building at
Valencia and Fourteenth streets, in wnich
to bring off the championship' battle be
tween itobert Fitzsimmons and James J.
Jeffries. He said the contract would be
let to William Faber, the carpenter who
has always looked after Woodward's Pa
vilion. The new structure svill be imme
diately opposite this pavilion. It will be
a wooden structure and large enough :o
accommodate 15,000 people. Greggains
thinks the cost of this building will be far
less than the price which the people who
control Mechanics* Pavilion wish to
charge for its rentaLf He further stated
that seats in the gallery will be sold for
$5 each, and the chairs close to the ring
will be disposed of for prices that are
higher, but reasonable.
WILL ERECT PAVILION.
McFadden was not slow to vent his
feeling's. He said he had come out here
on a wild goose chase. He claims' the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club matched him
to fight Britt and it has failed to live
up to its agreement. McFaaden said hs
would not shirk a match with Gans, as
he was certain he could defeat him. Mc-
Fadden says, however, he will not box
Gans unless the latter enters the ring at
the lightweight limit, 133 pounds. He
claims Gans has hard work making the
weight, and he will insist on his coming
down to it. • .
Gans is on his way and should reach
here in a few days. . .
Gecrge McFadden, the New York light
weight, who has been matched to box
Jce Gans, the colored champion, the lat
ter part of this month, arrived in this
city yesterday. He was accompanied by
his trainer, Billy Roche. McFadden is a
very much disappointed man. He came
out here with the expectation of. boxing
Jimmy Britt, but upon his arrival learned
that Gans had been substituted.
New Building for Champion
ship Bout Will Be
Erected.
George McFadden Says
Hayes Valley Club Dis
appointed Him.
JOURNEYS HERE
TO FIGHT BRITT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1902.
Resolute Playing and Display of Great Pluck Mark the Second Game
of Series for the Gup, but Great Britain's Representatives
Are Too Clever for Foxhall Keene and His Three Associates
ENGLISH POLO EXPERTS DEFEAT
AMERICAN TEAM AT HURLINGHAM
7
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE HAUL BRUSH
Breeds Dandruff, Which. Causes Fall-
ing Hair and Finally Baldness.
Professor Unna, Hamburg, Germany,
European authority on skin diseases, says
that dandruff is as contagious as any oth-
er malevolent disease, and that one com-
mon source of the spread of dandruff is
the use of the same hair brush by differ-
ent persons. The way to avoid catching
dandruff or any other disease from an-
other's brush is to Insist on the use of
Newbro's Herpiclde. It not only kills the
dandruff germ, but it is also an antiseptic
that will prevent, the catching of any dis-
ease whatever through contagion of an-
other's brush.
< > _ . . ' ' "9 !
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— if you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to
J. MARTY, Man'fV, ¦v'i
826 Howard St., S. F.
O ; — O
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and. Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
220 BROASWAT. W. T.
P/ll/lfP Desirable locatibn,
I lllllvv "unsurpassed cuisine,
= !ijj y unequaled ser-
51 fin vice and modern
****** conveniences are the
¦/* 1 attributes that have
fiir^Hn made these two ho-
UiailU tels popular with
» j tourists and travel-
flAlAiC ers who visit San
11 U I Vl3 Francisco.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing- from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c— CHILDREN 6c.
Bathing, Including admission, 26c; children 20o.
Not a Dollar to Be Paid
Until a Cure Is Effected
9 — o
i^^^[ lALv 111 1
B W B BU m W By far the greater number of patients seek- £ B_ li
ing relief for so-called weakness are strong,
robust men ln every other respect. Our theory
that Loss of Vitality, Prematureness,. etc., arc
not weaknesses, but the symptoms of inflam-
matory processes in the Prostate Gland (so-
• called neck of bladder), caused .by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and long con-
. • . , . tinned excitement. Is now being adopted by the
leading specialists of the world. Under our
local plan of treatment,' directed toward reduc-
ing the enlarged and swollen Prostate, Imme-
diate results, as indicated by Increased circu-
lation arid renewed strength, are observed, j
No Charge for Consultation. . '
Send for Our Colored Chart, Interesting for Study of the Anatomy of the
•'.•¦- Male, Sent Free Upon Request.
STATJByVYEINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY,
ON THE 31ST DAY OF DECEMBER. A. IX
1901, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th*
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1250,000 00
ASSETS. . ~
Real Estate owned by Company.. $435,456 60
Loans on Bonds and MortKaees. . . 120,000 00
Cash Market Value cf all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 309,415 31
Cash ln Company's Office 16,574 94
Cash in Banks......' 154.724 Zl
Interest- due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,50163
Premiums ln due Course of Col-
lection, and due from, other
Companies and agents 505,896 63
. Total Assets ..* :..$ 1,548. 599 24
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid......? ¦
Losses in process of Adjustment I
or in Suspense \ 9252,072 73
Losses resisted. Including ex- {
penses 5
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
- running more than one year.
$ : reinsurance dk> rata 178,093 81
Gross Dremiums on Marine and £
Inland Navigation Risks. I
i ; reinsurance 100 [
per cent > 168.942 28
Gross premiums on Marine Time I
Risks, $ ; reinsurance [
60 per cent 5;
Liability under other branches... 259,298 39
All other liabilities 3.9S2 2S
,
Total Liabilities $362,394 43
INCOME. j »
Net cash actually received for Fir« y
premiums $392,839 23
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine Dremiums 261,603 63
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 5.000 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 20,133 9T
Received from all other sources... 427,317 Bft
Total Income $1,106,399 45
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including i . losses of
previous years) $230,269 63
Net amount paid for Marine Loss-
es (including $ , losses
of previous years) 200,462 32
Dividends to Stockholders....' 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 353.733.79
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 2.237 25
All other payments and expendl- '
tures 174,19152
Total Expenditures .$1.062.899 54
Losses Incurred during the year.. $3t>7,112 49
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the -
year $162,102,783 $1,783,130 62
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 49,337,488 336.603 6S
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901 8,540,2051 93,942 28
" CARL THIEME. Prest.
P. SZELIN3KI. Secy. 5
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of Apri.1. «*^ LWOOI) t^ox j^}
Deputy U. S. Consul.
GUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
San Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$51 per,.Year.
Fisch^'§ : theater.
Ten ' II And Still
Long They
Weeks II Come.
WELCOME, NOBLES.
Y6u""tViLC RETURN
¦HOVLfL HAPPY. HL'T
ONLY AFTER YOU — . .
HAVE SEEN l_
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
THE FUNNIEST PLAT EVER ACTED
AND THAT IS THE
SOLID TRUTH I
THE ONLY REAL
LIVE COMEDIANS AND COMEDIENNES
FAREWELL BENEFIT.
POLLARD'S JUV KILE OPERA COMPANY
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. June 11. at 2:15.
Magnificent Production of Gilbert & Sullivan's
Greatest Opera,
"PINAFORE."
Only Performance of This Superb Organization.
Adults, 25c and 50c. Children, 10c and 25c.
? h^^ZPP" 0 ." account of the Shrinere' Parade
the curtain will rise to-night at 9 o'clock.
A VAUDEVILLE MECCA!
The Motogirl; Cushxnan, Holcomb?
and Curtis; Howard Chambers;
Barton and Ashley; Twin Nices;
I*e Boy and Clayton; Murphy and
Slater; Irene Franklin, and the
Reserved scats, i5c; balcony, 10c; box seats
«nd opera chairs. 50c
NOTE— Owing to Shriners' Par-
ade to-night, the Curtain will not
rise until 8:45.
T__ __
l\ /if!! itPFRA
NOTE — Owing to Shriners' parade TO-
JCIGHT. curtain will not rise till 8:45.
Other Evening* at 8 Sharp.
SOUVENIR TOT MATINEE SATURDAY at
2 SHARP.
Packing; the House Nightly,
THE
Toy-Maker !
BIGGER CAST THAN EVER BEFORE!
A BLENDING OF WIT AND SONGT
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Owing to the Shriners' parade this evening:,
curtain will not rise before S:45.
Sazne Success as Last Year, of This Racing
Play.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
KB. JAV.ES NELL AND COMPANY In
• I * |—7 6H 1 I BARGAIN
¦*-¦*¦-¦- ' ¦ MATINEE
TTT I y I THURSDAY
«| JL ¦ * -M— I 25c and 50c
Next Sunday Evening — C. H,addon Chambers' I
powerful clay. "CAPTAIN SWIFT."
SEATS THURSDAY.
ff^iHlil lliyildlA SMI FPASESCD'Ji
LEADING THEOi I
• t
I NOTE — Owing to Shriners' Parade TO-
NIGHT, curtain will not rise until 8:45.
Every Night Except Sunday.
M&tinees Wednesday and Saturday.
CHARLES FEOHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY, ln
A. W. Pinero's Four-act Comedietta,
TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS
SEATS $1 50. $1. 75c. 50c and 25c
NOTE— Owinft to Sbriners' Parade TO-
MGHT, curtain will not ri*e until 8:45.
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
Appearance of the Favorite Actress.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Great Play.
ZAZA
EDIPEC Evenings. .15c, 25c, 35c, 60e and 75c
1 nlWCJ Matinees 15c. 25c, 35c and 50c
Seats now selling for all performances this
and next week.
Market Street, Near Eighth, i-lione South 533.
'ft'n-IV'itihf- ALL THIS WEEK
1U lllgUL Mat. Sat. and Sunday.
NOTE — Owing to Shriners' parade to-night,
curtain will not rise until 8:45.
The Heart to Heart Play of Human Interest, A
GUILTY MOTHER
A Drama or Mingled Laughter and Tears.
A Great Cast: Fanny Mclntyre, Annette
Marshall. Margaret Wycherly. Georgie Cooper,
Agrncs Ranken. Mabel Bowman. Karle Brown.
, T Bmes Corrigan. Julius McVicker. Edwin T.
Emery. Stanley Ross, Elmer Booth, George
NlchoUs and G«orge P. Webster.
PklfPS EVENINGS 10c to 50c
rrlwEj MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "MY AUNT BRIDGET." .
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night Curtain Will Rise at 8:45 Owing to
Shriners' Parade.
MAUDE FEALY
America's Youngest Star,
In Jerome K. Jerome's Clever Comedy,
"MISS HOBBS."
First time on any stage at
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Se&ts All Matinees, 25c
Next Week— MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD
MORGAN ln "ROMEO AND JULIET."
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTER-
KOON AND EVENING.
BOM ANY TRIO: HILL AND WHITAKER ;
RAFFERTY AND ONSLAW; ARTHUR
LANE- MLLE. LAURELLE: THE LA-
MONTS. AND NEW MOVING PICTURES. .
NOTE— Owing to the Shriners' parade TO-
NIGHT, the curtain wni_notj1se until fl.
/.MATEUR LiYINGjSfiES^fHURSDAY
A4uiiiselon 10c Children Bo
for Ewtla— Park 23.
STATEMENT
-OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Wllhelmaof Magdeburg-
. GENERAL- INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAODEBUKG, IN THE STATE OF PKUSSIA,
ON THE 31ST DAT OF DECKMBER, A. D.
1001, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
mlssloner. . CAplTA^
|^Q«S^^^^ $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,131,882 63
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 10,248.206 25
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ¦
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4 ''*I« 22
Cash ln Company's Office 18.039 33
Cash In Banks •• 282,968 10
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 201 88
Premiums in due Course of Collec- • _ _
tion - v B 21 - 310 39
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 9,616 14
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 1,04 (,996 50
Total Assets $13,305,695 24
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment ..._._„
or ln Suspense $84,783 00
Gross ¦ premiums on . Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks,
$— ; reinsurance 100 per c«nt 22,927 10
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent 66,527 82
Liability under other Branches.. 11,896,945 36
All other liabilities 18,409 08
Total Liabilities $12,079,597 36
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums $478,505 03
Received for interest on Bonds . -V
and Mortgages 415,966 86
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources 59,971 65
Received from all other sources.. 2,400,441 62
Total Income ./. $3,359,975 21
—
EXPENDITURES. A :
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including $ , losses
of previous years). $427,000 17
Dividends to Stockholders 182,500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 58,83126
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc. - 29,361 08
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes ......: 4,520 47
All other . payments and expendi-
tures v 1,668,870 69
Total Expenditures $2,321,084 57
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums. ,
Net amount of Risks
B written during the
year... $223,674,177 $538,672 90
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 225,028,898 554.82190
Net amount ln force
December 31, 1901.. 6,647.578 79,454 02
TH. DAMMAN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 29th
day of April. 1902.
MAX J. BAEHR, U. a Consul.
GUTTE &T FRANK-
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
San Francisco.
bR- HALL'S KtlN YiGORATORSTTSflj
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five SSJi£?2 | »L»y»
hundred reward for any case we iSS3 K»
cannot cure. This secret rem- I ' ¦ 1
edy cures Emissions, Impotency, fsn Em
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet 9&> •&*!
Strictures, . Drains, Lost Man- iJii _W]
hood and all other .wasting ef- 133 SSj
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Ojcrrr^i
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855 Broad-
way. - Oakland. Cal. Also for sals at 1073 44
Market St.. S. F. Send for free book.
AMITS : KMENTS. ) ;
ASVJ&RTISIiEdJ5NT&.
Sterling Furniture
More Light on the Price Question.
THIS SPLENDID ff/\ LUXURIOUS <r»£j *7 C
LIBRARY TABLE <PO>OU .ROCKER tf)O> i O
?•* J e ? lly , ls ¦ganoid. It's made of piano- we'd liks to Introduce you to this very
polished oak. The too is double — 2 lnchea aristocratic rocker.
42 Inches lent, 26 Inches wide. depleting a quaint Dutch Interior.
Heavy fluted less, pretty moldings. - - "- .^
Broad shelf below. ¦ • • A ma«tve carved head rest at the top.
You'll experience no disappointment on Big-, handsome, luxurious. The frame is
SEEING- the table. It's all that the pic- made ln two woods, polished oak or mahog-
ture and your Imagination would lead you anlzed birch, massive carved arms, two-
to exvect. , -, - . : inch posts.
KALG A REVERSIBLE RUQS.
An all-wool rus. heavy and durable. They Jay smooth on any kind of a floor without
corner weights or being tacked down.
The pattern shows on both sides and there are the greatest variety of patterns —
pretty modern floral patterns and some whose designs and color schemes are evidently
borrowed from costly Oriental russ. /
CHEAP ENOUGH, GOODNESS KNOWS
7#x9 feet, $7.45 9x10^ feet, $9.9O 9x12 feet, £12.00
THIS OAK <K1^
CHINA-CABINET tplO
J '/ ' 'T^^J^****^' » The oak is beautifully polished. Glass front
/L—jiffr* ~'""*r— inrm— i i — -"•- , and sides, adjustable shelves. A bit of dell- '
' Hiilll n'Sm&S^^^^''* ' ' Cate ™ i9e<i carvln * at t* 8 t0 P o£ **** docr
n R I •' ' y '/') / /S ** ot a "niall one by any means — It measures
fj w-jy lr4^--v-V^ W - ' mches wide, 15 Inches deep and 60 Inches
\V\ pIN \J&£pCl?&&&jRJ'$ In height. It -will easily accommodate a dinner
\ ( S " set of 100 pieces.
M 1 -I \ iJS^r^L^^ With Oxidized Base V*
W '>' £§! p^r =^'^* VSSnt Th® tops are made . J"" af* "f ' Jl ' '' **
glfrBiC' U \ mm^^^ , / ./ 'Zlf 1 -^ \ each alece running £i3r W^wQ. 1
Mli||WMffB^Utiltl||W — ln 0DC08lte directions /TT \\
TOlfflSlifrr^ 'I ' - I VB entirely S of U metal . | M\ V \ffl^\
' 'M HvMPH '• W strands, twisted and ffrt, '' , VMf
•|YJl|!lP > t^nt mto delicate \¥/ M I v *^
". .; :' scrolls. > >¦ : I . I
We'd be glad to have you open an account with us. Tou can make th« payment* to
cult your convenience.
STERLING SS 6
1039 MARKET ST., Opp. McAllister.
ALL YOU COIJLD ASKRJR
Bu Pfet, bairK . bzvr ber - sKop, li br ary. ladies'
drawiixg' room coach. , club cbaclw V
dining* coach.'; observation coach ,beslr
service and cuisine in AmericaL.most
beautiful scenery in. tKe world., com-
fortable and speedy travel . -£ -< -jj*
Ohiccgb "in "three days
City Ticket Office 6*1 Market St.TO ARRIVE.
A -little boy named Sylvjan. Kellner pur
chased, a toy pistol yesterday and while
discharging.it was shot In the hand. Syl
vlan. was taken to. the Emergency Hos
pital, where the wound was dressed by
Dr. James Murphy. . . :
Injured by a Toy Pistol.
A compromise was effected yesterday in
the contest over the estate of the late
John J. Shaughnessy, the well-known
commercial traveler, who died recently.
According to the terms of the compromise
Anna Shaughnessy, who claims to be we
widow of the drummer, receives 45 per
cent of his estate and his sister, Mrs.
Margaret Hobson, receives 55 per cent.
The estate is estimated to be wortn $20,000.
Rival Claimants Compromise.
The estate of the late Kachael Salz,
widow of the late J. Salz of the firm of
Kullmann, Salz & Co., tanners, has
been appraised at 5172,720. The re
port of the - appraisers, which ' was
filed yesterday, shows thafe her. estate
consists of realty in Alameda and
Stockton worth $18,500. stock in country
banks worth $4700, $14,370 cash and an In
terest in the firm, of Kullmann, Salz &
Co. worth $135,000.
Her Estate Is Valuable.
Movements of Steamers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic > Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
June 9, 1002. :<- \
The Time . Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time
W. H. ETANDLET.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
addition to the soundings of the United Statr3
Coast Survey charts, except tvheri a minus < — )
s)srn_precedes the height., and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth giver, by
the charts.- The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower. low waters.
Barnes denies that he threatened the
girl, and says that he was sent to the
house on Sunday morning by Captain An
derson to take the girl to the Chief to
make her statement, as her stepfather
had told him that she had been bribed
with the box of candy and 50 cents to tes
tify against him, but he was unable to see
the Chief. He went to the nous© Satur
day to flnd out why she had not told the
truth.
Captain Martin said he would lay the
matter before Chief Wittman, and Glover
said ho would formally • prefer a charge
against Barnes and would see that a war
rant was Issued for his arrest for battery
on the girl, as he alleged Barnes had
twisted her arm two or three times.
Glover explained that after the girl had
given her testimony and had left the
courtroom Friday Attorney Safford had
given her a box of candy.
GAVE ELSIE CANDY.
Glover 6ent for the girl and took her
before Captain Martin, and . she stated
that Barnes had called at her house Sat
urday and had called her a liar for testi
fying as she had, and threatened to take
her. to, the Magdalen Asylum to teach her
not to . testify against a police officer.
Barnes had again called at the house
atout 7 o'clock Sunday morning, saying
he had been sent by the Chief of Police
to take the girl to the Hall of Justice,
as she would have to suffer for perjuring
herself. The girl went with him to the
Hall -of Justice, accompanied by her un
cle, George Walcomb, and after being
kept there for some time was sent home
by Sergeant Brown.
When the case of Mrs. Henzi was
called in court yesterday Barnes made a
statement that Attorneys Safford and
Glover, '.who "represented Mrs. Johnson,
had bribed the girl to testify against him
by giving her a box of candy and 50 cents.
Glover at once denied the statement, and
retorted that Barnes had been intimidat-.
ing the girl. 'The Judge declined to hear
the controversy and ; continued Mrs v
Henzi's case.' — ¦ ''
BABNES CHARGES BRIBERY.
One of the witnesses for the defense*"
was Elsie O'Brien, .14 years of age, who
lives at 14 Dale place. She testified that
Barnes treated the women very roughly.
The case of Mrs. Clara Johnson, charged
with battery upon Barnes, iwaa tried be
fore a jury in Judge Fritz's court Friday,
and the jury* disagreed. > She and Mrs.
Mary Henzi were accused by a conductor
of a Post street car of disturbing the
peace of the other '.passengers. Barne3
tried to take the women from the car "at
Turk and Leavenworth streets on May 20.
He alleges that the women fought him
and' bit him on the arms and body.
There was an exciting incident in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday morning which led
up to the serious complaint being made
to Chief Wittmari against* Policeman C.
M. Barries' of intimidating a witness, and
it is probable that a formal charge will
be made, against the officer, _.and also a
warrant sworn out for his arrest on a
charge of, battery. .
pear Before the Police
Board.
Will Proba.bly Have to Ap-
Is Accused of Trying to
Intimidate Young Girl
Witness.
OFFICER BARNES
UNDER A CLOUD
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street ¦ wharf) about
twenty-five ' minutes • later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of ' High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
'Sun, Moon and Tide.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived June 9 — Stmr Em
press ' of India, from Vancouver and Victoria,
B C, for Hongkong, via Hiogo and Shanghai.
EAGRES— Passed June 9— Stmr Hohenzoi
lern, from New York, for Gibraltar, Naples
and Genoa. ; - .
CHERBOURG — Arrived . June . 9— Stmr Kron
prln* Wilhelm< from New York, via- Plymouth,
for Bremen. . •
Sailed June S — Stmr Frledertck'der Grosse,
from Bremen, for New York.
GIBRALTAR — Sailed June 8-^-Stmr Trave,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived 'June 9-^-Stmr Colum
bia, from New York: stmr.. Mongolian.,. from
New York; stmr Pomeranian, from Montreal.
Sailed June 9 — Stmr Carthaxenla, for New
York: stmr Sardinian, for Montreal ..... »..
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 9 — Stmr Ionian,
from Montreal.'. • : .
HAVREr-Arrived June 9— Stmr La Gas
copne. from New York. ,- ,' " - • .
BREMEN — Arrived Jnne 9 — Stmr Neckar,
from New York, via' Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 9— Stmr Ethio
pia, -from Glasgow. . ¦ ;
OCEAN STEAMERS.
POINT REYES — Passed June 9, 7 a m—
Stmr Sequoia, -from Aberdeen, for Redondo;
2;30 d m, Br shla Kynance^ from Antwerp,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 9— Stmr Dolphin, for
Skagway.
Arrived -^June < 8 — Stmr ' .Umatilla, .. hence
June 5. . ¦
Arrived June 9 — Bark Diamond Head, hence .
May 26. .
Sailed June 8 — Schr Abbie M Deerinjr, for
Golofnin Bay.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 8 — Stmr Samoa, ,
from Caspar; stmr W H Kruger, from Tilla
mook.
ASTORIA — Arrived June 0 — Stmr George W
Elder, ' hence June 7.
Sailed June 9 — Stmr Lakrae, for San Fran
cisco. -
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 9— Stmr Co
quille River, hence June 8. ¦
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 9 — Stmr Samoa,
from Caspar; stmr W H Kruger, from Tilla
mook. ......
PORTLAND — Arrived June 9^ — Stmr Cym
bellne, from Calcutta, via San Francisco; stmr
Alliance, from San Francisco.
NEWPORT <S>— Arrived June 9— Schr Lot
tie Carson, from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June '9— Schr
E K Wcod, from Fairhaven, for Guaymas.
Arrived June » — Schr Irene, from Valparaiso.
Sailed June 9 — Schr E K Wood, from Fair
haven, for Guaymas: ship Santa Clara, from
Oyster Harbor, for Karluk.
Passed inward June 9 — Stmr Mackinaw,
hence June 6, for Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 6— Br stmr
Strathxyle, from Astoria.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 7— Br stmr Tar
tar, from Vancouver.
Sailed June 5 — Stmr Victoria, '¦ for Tacoma.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 8 — Ger stmr Den
derah, hence Feb 0. '
Sailed June 4 — Br ship Eudora, for San
Francisco.
LE1TH — Sailed June 7 — Fr bark Edouard
Dctallle, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Juno 7— Br ship
Anaurus,- for London. • - -
VANCOUVER. B C— Sailed June 9— Br bark
Invermay, for Melbourne.
SALINAS CRUZ— Arrived June 9— Bktn
Gardiner City, from Tacoma. ' t"
ST AGNES— Passed June 8 — Br stmr Kin
tuck, from Seattle, for United Kingdom.
*ORT SAID — Arrived June 9 — Br stmr Chlng
Wo, from Tacoma, for London.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed June 7, Spanish stmr
Isla de Panay, for Manila.
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 7— Ger stmr Peh
taur. for San Francisco. -. .
HAKODATE— Sailed ¦ June 7— Schr Fred J
Wood, for Oregon.
BARROW — Arrived June 8— Br ship Nelson,
from Seattle.
CARDIFF— Arrived June 8 — Br bark Strath
don, hence Jan 17.' ' •
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 9— Ger bark
Schiller, from Astoria. . .
HULL — Arrived June' 9 — Br ship Sir Robert
Fernie, hence Jan 3.
BIG FREIGHTER CHARTERED
BY THE PANAMA RAILROAD
COMPANY.
TUESDAY, - JUNE 10.
Sun rises i . .4:47
Sun sets .u 7:31
Moon Sets ..11:04 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tfdes
the early morning tides are given j In the left
hand column and the successive - tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tid« of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
Monday, June*9.
Stmr Ruth, Erickson, ' 60 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Redwood City,' Moe, 10 hours from
Blhlers Point. ,
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Randall, 65% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 41% hours.
Stmr Whitesboro, Oleen, 14 hours from
Greenwood; uo river direct.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, 43 hours from Port
Lob Anseles. ' •
Stmr : State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Dleso.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 40 hours from
Redondo. • - ' •
Ger Ehio Alsterdamm. Corda, 38 days from
Santa Rosalia.
Br ship Nivelle. McMillan, 132 days- from
Hamburg. f • ' '
6chr John I G North. Gastron, 10 days from
Port Gambl,. cleared
'»7-' '.¦-.»'' Monday, June 9.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama; P
M ES Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Bktn Planter. Chase. Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co. gAiLED
¦. Monday, June 9.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Tahiti. . .
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean, Panama and
way ports. ;
Stmr San Pedro, Jensen, Eureka.." .'.'.^'."
Etmr Alcatraz. Carlson, Point Arena.
Stmr Ruth, ; Erickson, Eureka.
Stmr Cella, Hogan, .
Schr Chas K Wilson, Johnson, Grays Har
bor.
- SPOKEN.
i Per Br sWd Nivelle — April 6, lat 68 22 N,
Ion- 68 11' W. Br ship Glenholm, from Antwerp,
for Port Los Angeles.' : ' . ¦' ¦
April 17. lat 53 30 S, Ion 88 W, Ger ship
Seefahrere, hence Feb 28, for Queenstown.
June 2. lat 33 N, Ion 139 W— Schr Resolute,
from Guayma*-, for Port Townsend. • •
June 5, lat 38 N. Ion 133 W — Schr Bonanza,
hence May 26, for whaling cruise.
June 8, lat 39 20 N, Ion 120 SO,. Br ship Lord
Shaf tesbury, from Astoria, for Queenstown. •
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 9, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ,
REDONDO— Arrived June 9— Stmr Homer
from Tillamook. i >'&<¦>.<¦ '
NEAH BAY— Pawed /in June O-^Bark Gath
erer, hence May 29. for Tacoma; ship A J
Fuller, hence May 27, for. Everett; . Br ship
Kate Thomas, from Liverpool, for Vancouver
stmr Mackinaw, hence June 6, for Seattle.
Passed out June. 9 — Br bark Invermay. from
Vancouver, for Melbourne.
EUREKA — Sailed June 9 — Stmr Santa Mon
ica, and schr J B Leeds, for San Francisco. •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 9— Stmr
Coronado, for San Francisco. ' ''
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The big freighter Pleiades, * recently char
tered by the Panama Railroad Steamship Com
pany, will take a big cargo from this port.
She sails for Panama to-morrow on her first
voyage under her new charter. .. . .
Pleiades Sails To-Morfow.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sierra will leave for Honolulu, Pago Pago and
Australia at .7 P.' m.' on Thursday instead of
10 a. m. as scheduled. The late arrival at
New York of the British- Australian mails
makes necessary this change. The Sierra will
take a large cargo, which Includes a shipment
of about 300 tpns. of paper. ¦ •
Sailing Hour Changed.
Boatmen in the vicinity differ as to whether
the doctor said "ten days" or "two weeks."
This Is Crowley's first offense and it is thought
that the authorities will let him down easily.
"What for?" demanded • Crowley.
"Going to take you to Angel Island," replied
Cummings. . .
Crowley explained the extent of his com
munication with the ship and Cummings smiled
his grimmest, sorry-for-you-but-the-dignlty-of
the-law-demands-lt smile and told Crowley to
return to his launch. He sent with him a
sailor, who passed a line from the gasoline
boat to the Sternberg.
The Sternberg started with the launch . In
tow.
"Here, doctor, what's *the- matter?" said
Crowley. • ¦'
The British ship Nivelle. which arrived yes
terday 132 days from Hamburg, failed to stop
In the quarantine grounds and was well up
the harbor when spied by "Tommy" Crowley,
the well known boatman. Crowley had busi
ness with Captain McMillan and without wait
ing for the quarantine- officials to. pass on her
health conditions he ran alongside the llme
juicer and talked with the skipper. Finding
she had not been passed by the doctor Crowley
declined to go aboard and was gasolinlng for
home when the quarantine tug . overhauled
him.
"Come aboard," said Dr. Cummings of the
Marine Hospital service.
"Tommy" Crowley in Quarantine.
The Australia's Cargo.
The eteamer Australia, which sailed yester
day for Tahiti, carried a large cargo, valued at
$31,750. The cargo included the following pro
duce and merchandise:
1220 bbls flour, 38.657 lbs sugar, 4237 lbs
coffee, 5935 lbs beans, 2230 lbs and 9 cs salt.
23,500 lbs rice, 27.894 lbs bread, 1237 lbs butter
2000 lbs mlllstuffs. 833 lbs cheese. 346 ctls
barley, 47 ctls wheat. 2569 lbs lard. 222 lbs
middlings, 9787 lbs bran, 337 lbs Tolled barley,
760 lbs dried peas, 100 lbs dried fruit. 121 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 25 bxs paste, 6581 lbs
fresh meat, 110 pkgs fresh vegetables. 59 pkgs
fresh fruit. 23 cs eggs. 160 lbs tea. 168 cs and
25 pkgs salmon. 212 cs assorted canned goods
22 cs drugs. 720 gals coal oil, 390 lbs soda, 44
pkgs bottled beer. 2841 gate wine, BO crates po
tatoes. 18 crates onions, 60 pkgs paints and
clip, 4 rolls leather, 16 bales paper. 27 crates
bicycles and fixtures. 48 pkgs nails, 95 cs soap,
13 c» candles, 37 pkgs machinery, 54,550 feet
lumber. 4S0 bdls ehooks, 8 bdls pickets. 81 pkgs
millwork. f.8 pkgs hardware, 43 cs boot* and
shoes, 11 pkgs agricultural, Implements, 4 cs
arms and ammunition. 33 colls rope, 15 bales
twine, 7 colls wire, 18 pkgs ship chandlery.
Ends Long Passage.
I :Th« British ship Kynance. which arrived
late last night from Antwerp, was 185 days
making the passage and eome anxiety was
felt es to her safety.
Shenandoah to Sail.
The bis ship Shenandoah has finished load-
Ing cargo for New York. She. will leave Fre
mont street wharf to-day and will sail lust as
«oon as she secures a crew. Hgr cargo in
cludes more than 12,000 barrels of wine and
nearly 1000 tons of Junk
Cargo for Enterprise.
The steamship Enterprise will dock to-day at
Fremont street wharf, where a large quantity
of freight awaits her. She Is scheduled to
sail for Hilo on June 12.
Alex No well, G. No well, Alfredo Rubin, Miss
S. B. Jenkins, H. C. Scrutton. C. Siekavizza,
L. P. Root. A. C. Lawson. C. P. Richmond,
Elf redo Monsanto, Mrs. J. Rice Chandler, Miss
Lizzie Miller. Mrs. A. Thompson and Mrs. D.
N. Richardson. v -
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship City
of Sydney sailed for Panama and way ports.
She carried a light cargo but had on board
more than seventy passengers. Of these fifty
were Chinese in transit to South American
ports. Among the passengers were:
City of Sydney Sails.
The steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday
for Panama and way ports with a general cargo
valued at JG 1,804, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $9044; Central America,
$50,000; Panama, $2600; Peru. $250. The fol
lowing- were the principal shipments:
To Mexico — 100 flasks quicksilver, 12,002 feet
lumber, 1240 bdl« shooks. 316 reels barbed
wire, 15 kegs staples, 1 coil wire rope, 20 sheets
eteel. 9 pkgs machinery, 8 pkgs hardware, 4
kegs nails. 2 bales bags. 3 cs paint, 4 bdls
pipe. 2 coils rope, 3 bales rubber packing, m cs
ringer ale, 2 cs dry goods. 2 cs canned good,
22 pkgs drugs, 23,213 lbs Milestone, 440 lbs
bone ash. 17 pkg« groceries and provisions, 300
lbs etarch, 12 crates potatoes.
To Central America — 2774 bbls flour. 11 pkgs
agricultural Implements, 50 kegs and 30 bbU
cement, 130 pkgs beer, 88 ctls barley, 2350 lb»
beans. 53 as canned goods, 192 lbs bread, 12 cs
cyanide of potassium, 8 cs boots and shoes,
4300 eals coal oil, 11,934 lbs corn. 335 lbs
cheese, 810 lbs and 5 cs dried fruit. SO bbls and
2 cs cocoa oil, 35 cs candles, 64 bales cotton
domestics, 40 pkgs drugs and druggists' sun
dries, 204 pkgs groceries and provision*. 97
pkgs hardware, 13 bdls iron. 272 lbs ham, 2 cs
hats, 840 lbs lard, 2 cs liquors, 8 bales leather,
S135 lbs rnillstuffs. 71 pkgs machinery, 5 pkgs
xnlllwork, 55 crates onions, 61 crates potatoes, 13
cs paints and oils, 54 bdl« paper, 21 pkgs paste.
JOa flasks quicksilver, 55,585 lbs resin, 97 523
Ibf rice, 150 lbs raisins, 150 lbs salt. 6 bales
rubber belting, 250 lbs spices. 2310 lbs soda
420 lbs starch, 34 bdls shakes, 34 bdls steel 10
cs soap, 48 kegs staples, 1220 lbs tea. 12,515' lbs
tallow, 705 ctls wheat, 993 gals and 34 cs wine
732 gals and 193 cs whisky, 350 reels barbed
wire, 146 pkgs dry goods.
To Panama — 105 bbls flour, 40 crates pota
toes, 29 pkgs groceries and provisions, 80,400
lbs rice. 120 cs canned salmon, 100 cs soap 1
cs dry goods.
To Callao. Peru— 11.803 lbs shrimps.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
H. Lemasson, Miss Marie Antalcie, ; A.
Gruel and E. Labry and wife also took
passage on the 'liner. .
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Australia sailed yesterday
for Tahiti. She. carried passen
gers and took a large cargo of
general merchandise. Among the
passengers was Miss E. G. Howard,
daughter of Captain H. Z. H*ward, ma
rine superintendent of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company. Accompanying Miss How
arG was Mrs. John L. Prior, wife of the
well-known sailmaker. ;
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Ella Pepperdine against Silas W. Pepper
dine for failure to provide, Harry Hatton
against Emma Hatton for desertion and.
Josephine Fredricks against C. J. Fred
ricks for failure to provide.
Divorces were granted to Lulu Keep
Waldon from Ellas W. Waldon for
neglect, Nora Whitaker from F. M. Whit
aker for desertion, J. W. Blundell from
Agnes B. Blundell for desertion and Ura
nia Quaid from D. J. Quaid for neglect.
Irwin R, Colbrandt has brought a suit
for divorce against Ada H. Colbrandt for
desertion. He alleges that she left him
last May. They were married in March,
1899, and have one child, who has been in
the custody of Mrs. Rose Bernard for the
last year.
-"I will continue this matter unui to
morrow at noon, when I shall expect you
to have proof, in the shape of the books
of the railroad company, that your client
is speaking the truth."
"Well, he has not shown it." said Ker
rigan. "The testimony in the divorce pro- )
ceedings last October showed that . he
treated his wife with gross cruelty, and
his conduct since then has not placed him
in the favor of this court. Me has not
paid his wife a cent of alimony since last
March, "and I want to say right here that
1 am not at all disposed to treat him with
any leniency.
Eagan offers as an excuse for his action
that he has been on a vacation and has
not been in receipt of his usual salary,
but Judge Kerrigan intimated that he did
not place much credence in the statement.
"This man is willing to support his fam
ily," vouchsafed Eagan's attorney as _is
client left the witness stand.
/
Thomas' B. Eagan, a foreman of con
struction of the United Railroads, learned
yesterday in Judge Kerrigan's court that
the practice of refusing to obey a court
order would lead him into difficulties and
place him in an unenviable light before
the world." He appeared before Judge
Kerrigan yesterday on an order to show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt of court for allowing his di
vorced wife and seven children to. remain
in want when he had been ordered by the
court to contribute $65 a month for their
support. This is Eagan's third appear
ance before Judge Kerrigan on orders to
show cause, and the court informed him
in very plain language that his conduct
was despicable in the extreme.
Informs Delinquent That He
Is Not in Favor With
Court
Rebukes a Railroad Em
ploy© for Failure to
Pay Alimony.
JUDGE KERRIGAN
SCORES T. EAGAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, : JXTNE 10, 1^)02.
Pacific Mail Steamship City of Sydney Leaves for Panama and Way
Ports With Little Freight and More ThamSeventy Passengers,
Including Half a Hundred Chinese Coolie Laborers
AUSTRALIA DEPARTS FOR TAHITI
WITH PASSENGERS AND BIG CARGO
8
0 Time Time
p Ft
a H W L W
lO™' 2:00 5.1 8:45
11 3:07 4.7 0:87
12 4:20 , 4.S 10:30
13 5:38 4.0 11:26
L-W H.W
H 0:53 1.8 6:55
15 1:47 1.3 8:10
16 2:33 0.8 0:14
Ft -
—0.2
0.3
0.0
/ 1.4
(Tlmei
H W
3:67
4:44
6:32
6:22
L W
12:22
1:10
1:55
Ft. J
B.3
5.6
6.6
6.6
|TIme|
Ii-W
0:21
10:37
11:50
*V
2.8
2.8
2.2
3.9
8.8
4.0
1.8
2.2
¦2.6
H W
7tlO
7:54
8:34
5.7
6.0
¦5.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
C. Nelson .... Seattle & Tacoma .... June 10
Rainier Whatcom (June 10
S. Monica Humboldt '. .' June 10
ritauia Nanalmo June 11
Iaqua Humboldt June 11
Phoenix Mendocino June 11
Argo Eel River ............. June 11
Arctic Humboldt June 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports June 11
Eureka Humboldt June 11
Lakme Portland & Astoria June 11
Edith Seattle June 11
Point Arena. : Point Arena June 12
Banta Kosa. . San Diego & Way Ports June 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Crescent City Crescent City June 12
Chehalis Grays Harbor June 13
Hathor Seattle June 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Or ford. June 13
Gaelic China & Japan June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland, & Astoria June 14
Newburg Grays Harbor June 14
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor June 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June 14
Pomona Humboldt June 14
Coronado. . . . San Pedro June 14
Rival Willapa Harbor ... June 15
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast June 15 I
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... June 16
EantaCruz... Newport & Way Ports. June 16
State ol Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 16
North Fork. . Humboldt Jua- 17
Alameda . Honolulu June 17
Ban Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June 18
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama. June IS
Colurrbia Portland & Astoria. .... June 10
HongkgMaru China & Japan June 20
Hyadea Honolulu j une 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 1O.
Valparaiso & Way.
Pt. Arena & Albion
Puget Sound Ports.
-Jane 11.
Humboldt '.........
N. T. via Panama..
Newport & "Way Pts
Coqullle River . . . . |
Humboldt*:
June 12. ¦
Mendoclno City
Eel River. Ports...
San Diago & Way.
Humboldt
China $ Japan. . . .
Sydney & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland
Jane .13. .
Humboldt
Huraboldt ;...
Jane 14.
Grays Harbor
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Point Arena
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Astoria. & Portland.
Jnne^ 15.
San Pedro & Way..
Puget Sound Ports.
Seattle, & Whatcom
San Diego : & Way..
Jane 10.
Portland. & Way.'. .
Jane 17.
Grays Harbor:.....
Grays Harbor ....
Astoria & Portland.
WUlapa Harbor ...
June "18. '
Panama & Way...
Jane 20.
Hamburg & Way...
Puget, Sound Pta...
_
Palena. ....
Albion Rlv.
City Puebla
12 m
6 pm
11 am
Pier 10
Pier 13
Pier 19
Pomona..'..
Pleiades
Santa Cruz.
Mandalay. .
North Fork.
1:30 p
2 pm
0 am
10 am
1 pm
Pier 11
Pier 10
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Phoenix. . . .
Argo.......
State Cal...
S. Monica..
Peking
Sierra......
Columbia. .
.-¦•-¦ . 1
3 pm
4 pm
0 am
10 am
1 pm
10 am
11 pm
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pi»r 2
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 24
Eureka. . . .'
4xctlc......
9 am
10 ami
Pier 13
Pier '2
Coronado...
C.. Nelson..
9t. Arena..
Krcata.....
Lakrae
5 pm
10 am
2 pm
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Coos Bay..'.
Queen
Rainier. . . .
Santa Rosa
9 am
11 am
5 pm
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 10
Pier 2
Pier It
Alliance....
5 pm
Pier 16
G. Dollar.'.
Newburg. . .
G. Elder. . .
Rival
4 pm
4 pm
11 am
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 2
Acapulco...
112 m|
I
PMSS
Pier —
I Pier 19
Hathor.'..;.
Umatllla..,!
li'aml
Steamer.
For.
Satis.
Dirigo
Santa Ana...
Nomo City. . .
Humboldt....
Spokane .
Cottag* CJty.
City Topeka. .
Farallon.... .
Excelsior. . ..
Skagway & Way Ports. June 11
Skagway & Valdez .... June 12
Nome & Golofnln Bay. June 12
Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Bksgway & Way Ports. Juno 14
Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Skagway & Way Ports; June 10
Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Steamer.
From.
Due.
C. Nelson .... Seattle & Tacoma .... June 10
Rainier Whatcom (June 10
S. Monica Humboldt '. .' June 10
ritauia Nanalmo June 11
Iaqua Humboldt June 11
Phoenix Mendocino June 11
Argo Eel River ............. June 11
Arctic Humboldt June 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports June 11
Eureka Humboldt June 11
Lakme Portland & Astoria June 11
Edith Seattle June 11
Point Arena. : Point Arena June 12
Banta Kosa. . San Diego & Way Ports June 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Crescent City Crescent City June 12
Chehalis Grays Harbor June 13
Hathor Seattle June 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Or ford. June 13
Gaelic China & Japan June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland, & Astoria June 14
Newburg Grays Harbor June 14
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor June 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June 14
Pomona Humboldt June 14
Coronado. . . . San Pedro June 14
Rival Willapa Harbor ... June 15
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast June 15 I
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... June 16
EantaCruz... Newport & Way Ports. June 16
State ol Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 16
North Fork. . Humboldt Jua- 17
Alameda . Honolulu June 17
Ban Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June 18
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama. June IS
Colurrbia Portland & Astoria. .... June 10
HongkgMaru China & Japan June 20
Hyadea Honolulu j une 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 1O.
Valparaiso & Way.
Pt. Arena & Albion
Puget Sound Ports.
-Jane 11.
Humboldt '.........
N. T. via Panama..
Newport & "Way Pts
Coqullle River . . . . |
Humboldt*:
June 12. ¦
Mendoclno City
Eel River. Ports...
San Diago & Way.
Humboldt
China $ Japan. . . .
Sydney & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland
Jane .13. .
Humboldt
Huraboldt ;...
Jane 14.
Grays Harbor
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Point Arena
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Astoria. & Portland.
Jnne^ 15.
San Pedro & Way..
Puget Sound Ports.
Seattle, & Whatcom
San Diego : & Way..
Jane 10.
Portland. & Way.'. .
Jane 17.
Grays Harbor:.....
Grays Harbor ....
Astoria & Portland.
WUlapa Harbor ...
June "18. '
Panama & Way...
Jane 20.
Hamburg & Way...
Puget, Sound Pta...
_
Palena. ....
Albion Rlv.
City Puebla
12 m
6 pm
11 am
Pier 10
Pier 13
Pier 19
Pomona..'..
Pleiades
Santa Cruz.
Mandalay. .
North Fork.
1:30 p
2 pm
0 am
10 am
1 pm
Pier 11
Pier 10
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Phoenix. . . .
Argo.......
State Cal...
S. Monica..
Peking
Sierra......
Columbia. .
.-¦•-¦ . 1
3 pm
4 pm
0 am
10 am
1 pm
10 am
11 pm
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pi»r 2
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 24
Eureka. . . .'
4xctlc......
9 am
10 ami
Pier 13
Pier '2
Coronado...
C.. Nelson..
9t. Arena..
Krcata.....
Lakrae
5 pm
10 am
2 pm
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Coos Bay..'.
Queen
Rainier. . . .
Santa Rosa
9 am
11 am
5 pm
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 10
Pier 2
Pier It
Alliance....
5 pm
Pier 16
G. Dollar.'.
Newburg. . .
G. Elder. . .
Rival
4 pm
4 pm
11 am
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 2
Acapulco...
112 m|
I
PMSS
Pier —
I Pier 19
Hathor.'..;.
Umatllla..,!
li'aml
Steamer.
For.
Satis.
Dirigo
Santa Ana...
Nomo City. . .
Humboldt....
Spokane .
Cottag* CJty.
City Topeka. .
Farallon.... .
Excelsior. . ..
Skagway & Way Ports. June 11
Skagway & Valdez .... June 12
Nome & Golofnln Bay. June 12
Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Bksgway & Way Ports. Juno 14
Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Skagway & Way Ports; June 10
Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
0 Time Time
p Ft
a H W L W
lO™' 2:00 5.1 8:45
11 3:07 4.7 0:87
12 4:20 , 4.S 10:30
13 5:38 4.0 11:26
L-W H.W
H 0:53 1.8 6:55
15 1:47 1.3 8:10
16 2:33 0.8 0:14
Ft -
—0.2
0.3
0.0
/ 1.4
(Tlmei
H W
3:67
4:44
6:32
6:22
L W
12:22
1:10
1:55
Ft. J
B.3
5.6
6.6
6.6
|TIme|
Ii-W
0:21
10:37
11:50
*V
2.8
2.8
2.2
3.9
8.8
4.0
1.8
2.2
¦2.6
H W
7tlO
7:54
8:34
5.7
6.0
¦5.8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sold all over the world.
What is bad soap ? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali ; not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
PearsV
No harm! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's ; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
CAUFGflNIA NORTHWESTERN U. CO
LESSEES
SAM FRANCISCO ANQ NORTH PAGlFIi
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ifcrrr, Coot of 2Ss*2cet St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAF ABU.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9-:30. ll:«0 a. m.; 1:30. 8:3a
6:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAN UAFAKIi TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:03. T:33, 7:50. 9:20. 11:19
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 6:00. 5:20 p.m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:85 p. xn.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:10. B:«,
4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclaeol May 4. 1902. I Ban Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- J Week"
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Pays.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ixnado 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:3Oa and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p v Kovato 6:05 p 6:20 p
7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petalnma 10:40 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 6:00 p Santa Rosa 7:33 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:80 a Windsor 10:20 a
0:00 p Healdaburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservlll*
8:30 P 8:00 a Cloverdal* 7:38 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p( 5:00 p| Uklah f 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WllUts | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a I Ouernevlll* I 7:35 p|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40 a| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebaatopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fnltoa
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers and Boonevllie; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyvUla.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*a.
Buckncll's, Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvtlle. Orr*s
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Cams
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal ; at Willits for Sherwood. Cahto.
Covelo, Laytonvllle, Cummings, Bell's Sprlnga*.
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Pepperwood. Scotia ana
Eureka.
i Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market at. Chronic!* build-
. H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902. •
FROM &AN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEX
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:45. 8:45. 9:30, 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. M:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •6:1a,
6:45. 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. does not
lun to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, *9:00, »10:00, U:0Ql
11:30 a. m., 12:30, *l:30, 2:30, «3:45. aJOO, tt;0a
7:30. 9:45, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20, ,»6:20. 7:40, 8:15,
11-00 a. m.. 12:25. 2;15.'»3:30, 4:40, 5:30. liiS
10:15 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:00. •8:00. 9:30, »ll:00 a. m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15, •3:30, 4:15. •feiS. OmS
7;30, 10:15 d. m.
Trains marked (*) staet from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-5:40. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25T9aJ
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 6:10. 6:20, 7:1a;
10:15 »• n»- ,-¦¦-¦.¦ ¦
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55. 10:05, 11:10 a. au
12:15. 1:20. 2:30, 8:45, 6:00, 6:05, 7:15. 107*9
*" BB * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week . days— Cazadero and way
stations. • .
8:16 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. ' r
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—.
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. • ¦
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. _
Legal Holiday boats and trains will nut oa
Sunday - time.
JIOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
-Leave Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St^ San Fran.
Dav? da U v S " Sun- Week
....... 1:30 p! "T1KRI OF JWIBT $%o p ~
......... 2:30 f.| op««»ith. T « WTOl . 8;15 p ; ;;;•;-•
SlkTUR01ITSeiLT-lnT>Tmnf:3Or.iRtT«Biarna<rt«»n-JSp "
' Ticket Offleei. 411 MARKET BIKEXT tat 8ATOAUTO RSST.
The Bitters will positively cure
Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, 1 Biliousness; Nervousness; and
Malaria. Try a bottle and satisfy
yourself. The genuine has our
Private Stamp over the neck. .
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy. v
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
i 7} ILiim'di -
: .. Local Mon& Local Ovrl'd
Daily Thurs Dally. Daily
Lv 8nn Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
"Merced .. 2:35 p 1:17 p 1:30 a
" Fresno .. 4:10 p 2:33 p. 8:15*
"Hanford . 6:58 p 8:27 p 8:05 a
•* Vlsalla .. 6:33 p 6:00a
" B'lcersfd 8:10 p 6:20 p 7:35 a
" Kan City. ....... 2:31 a ....... 8:02 a
" Chicago .. .......| 2:15 p 8:47 p
a for morning, p tor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local,
etopplng- at all points In San Joaqutn Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at S a. in.
dally.
9:00 a. tn. Mondays and Thursdays Is the
'California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair - Car - runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are' honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11 :00 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars' to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Frwsno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. ¦ ¦
Offices— «41 • street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1H2 Broadway
Oakland. •
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTAU
RAILWAY TBAVEL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAX FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, Toot of Market 8treet )
~l»atx — F»om Jgim 1. 19^7 — inni
7.00a. Benicla, Sulsan, Elmlr* and Sacra-
mento 656f
7.00a Vacavllle, "Winters. Rumsey. 7.6SP
7.30a Martinet, Saa Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa. CalUcoga, Santa Roaa. 6-25?
8.00a Davis, Woodland, KnlgbU Landing,
Marysvllle, Orovllle 7-55p
8.00 a Atlantic Exprest— Of den and Eatt. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton • 7.2S*
8.00a Niles, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
Porterrlllo 4.55*
8-30A Shasta Exprets — Darts, William*
(for Bartlett Springs), Willow*.
? ' Red BluS, Portland.... 7.BS>
8.30a San Jose, Llvermore, Stockton,
' lone, Sacramento, Placerrllle,
- "-¦:-' MarysTllle, CWco, Bed Bluff 4.25*
8.30a Oakdale,Cntnese,Sonora,Tuoliimaa 4.25?
9.00a Vallejo.. 12.25*
9.00a Lot Angeles Express— Martlnes, :-=..
Tracy.L* throp,Stockton,Merced.
Raymond, Fresno snd Los Anceles 8.25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez aad Way Stations 7.65*
10.00a Hayward, NUea and Way Station*. t12.55*
10.00a The Overland Limited — Osdea,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago 5.25?
t1.0Q* Sacramento River Steamers til.QO?
3.00* Benicla. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams, Willows,
Knlprhts Landing. Uarysvllle,
Ororllle 10.55a
S.30* Hayward, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7-55*
4.00* Martlnea.San Ramon. ValleJo.Jfapa.
Callstogft. Santa Rosa. 9-25*
4.00* Nlles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12-25*
4-30* H&yward,Nllas,SanJo«e,LlTermars t8.55a
4.30? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Saugns for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8 55*
6-00* PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stocktoa 10.25 v
5.00p Martinez. Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25?
tS.30* NUesLocal Z?5a
6. 00p Hayward, Nllea and San Jose. 7.55a
tS.OOP Vallejo« 11.25a
8.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver, - ¦
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4-25*
7 -OOf San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
•nd Way Stations. 11-25*
t7.00* Vallejo 765*
8-05* Oregon te California Express— Sao
. ramento, Mary svlUe, Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55 a
ta.1O* Hayward and Slles. t1 1.55a
COAST LINE (Sarrow 6aug»).
(Foot of Market Street.) "
X7ASx Santa Cruz Excursion {8.05*
8.15a Newark, Centervlile. Saa Jose,
Felton, Boalder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50*
t2.15* Newark, Centervtlle, San Jose.
Kew Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crni and Principal
- Way Stations 10-5OA
4-1 or Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t8-50A
*4-15p San Jose, Los Gatos, Santa Crtu... c8-50a
" OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip SJ
— 17:15 9.00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 P.*.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — H:00 {3:0ft
fj:05 10:00a.m. 1200 200 400 *¦*.
COAST LINE (Broad Gaase).
(Third and Townsend 9treets.)
6.10a S»n Jose and Way Sutlons 6-38a
t7.00A San Jose and Way Stations 18.00a
/7.00a New Almadon /4.10*
17.15a Monterey Excursion J3-3O
8-00a Coast Lino Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy. Salinas, San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedl- *-i
ate Sutlons 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations. 836 a
11.30a SanJose.LosGittosandWayStatlons t9.00A
a1.30p San Jose and Way Sutlons dJ.QQr
230p San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, Ssa Jose, Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey and PaclSc
Grove 10.48*
t3-30> San Jose and Way Stations 7.30?
t4.00? Del Monte Express— Only stops San
Jose t1201*
4-50* San Jose and Principal Wars tations t.30*
tS-OO* Ban Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
• WaySUtlons ;. BL30V
5-30* SanJote and Principal War Sutlons B-30p
tfi.15* San Mateo. Belraont. Redwood.
MenloPark, Palo Alto t848A
f.30* San Jose and Way Sutlons ..,¦ 7.30*
.00* New Orleans Express — San Luis
¦ Oblspo, Santa Bartuira, Lys An-
geles, DemtnK. El Paao, New
Orleans and East.......* 10.15a
¦11 -45p San Jose and Way Stations
* A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
6 Saturday and /Tuesday and Frbur.
Sunday only.
_______ *-*¦ 3
• »...»? »
j THE WHITE PASS JkHP L
I YUKON ROl|JiS ;j
Shortest and qulckeat-ittfitd'ft,' At-^'
lin. Bit? Salmon, White llor«e, -
Hootallnqna, Stewart RiT«r",$ti I
Klondike, KoyuWuk mad.Y»»w, !
kon MininK Dl.trkti.. • , '
ONLY D1RECTLWETO-DAWSON ,, r
,,« TEX DAYS SAiV FRANCISCO TO ;
DAWSON. - 'JiO r )0' a i
For fun latormatloa apply to * -1
J. FRANQJ3JJE5, '¦ S. P. BROTtN. fj ' >
Traffic 3tf gp.,-3«aU G«n. Agent, 536 ' |
" ¦¦ tie, "Wash.; Skas- Market wst.'i ?, -8aa' '3
v nay. AiMkataMMrmMjBrahcisco. . _?/
?in iTsTiWit 1 *! y.C'JLM.'.M'V
|; Hp I? : of-W&ffl&n
flfi|]^Sn *° surmount the difficulties
Bj^^fl of social or worK*a-day life-S'iT
ft^^M ' ANHEUSER-B USCH'S
pi^l^^p^ is Nature's greatest assistant.
s use wards off depression
I and illness and promotes
ui anon i»toxi Caht {// 1 digestion ana neaitn.
I »Z««^J«ws * An druggists sell it. Prepared only b 9
S^^^ Anheuser-Busch^rewing Ass'n
alii P ! 'iSlii!^S5J?2!?2^^.iiiiw/9 Hrescers of the famous Budwelser, Michelob,
'^Mlf^^^^^' BlacK 6 Tan, Faust. Pale-Lager, Anheuaor-
WE DO NOT BELIEVE IN
mM, BLENDED WHISKIES
\ I We would not drink
?gp them. A Whiskey as
gg^r fine and as well made
"J^sk OLD
.M.CROW
yolDCROWi/ nyrj
y§£JM .In Y Ei
Yi « would te injured
FFfVTi V by . P uttin 2 anything
If „ ?¦¦ - f with it Driqk only
ra.E-B.Kipk&Coi straight Whiskies.
P_^.T ]? GOLD MEDAL Awarded at
Paris Exposition, 1900.
a. B. KIkK & CO., Sole Bottlers, N. T.
CATTON. BELL & CO.,
SOLE DISTRIBUTORS.
Saa Francisco, Cal.
— £ — _
TMm signature ia on erary box of the gexrafai*
' Laxative Bromo-Quimne Tablet*
tfrj'tcmed/ that cares a e«14 la <m« dajs,
the Rocliies | pay^ [ j
if you go east via Denver and the Burlington j
Route. Their snow-capped peaks are visible |
almost all the way from Salt Lake City to Den-
ver. For 700 miles the grand panorama of the
Rockies is unrolled before your eyes. \
Through sleepers, Saa Francisco to Chicago daily.
.Through tourist sleepers, three times a week, Omaha,
Chicago, Kansas City. St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east.
W. D. SAN80RN, General Agent. 631 Market Street, San Francisco, California.From Los Angeles — M. Bayha and T.
Haverly, at the St. Denis; W. E. Gilbert
at the Marlborough; A. C. Kennedy and
wife, at tho Herald Square; P. McXa
mara, at the Albert.
From San Francisco— O. Boldeman, J.
G. Patton and H. G. Sheldman, at the
Imperial; R. H. Hugg, at the Park Ave
nue: Mrs. M. Shepard, at th« Navarre;
J. Slegel and wife, at the Herald Square;
T. S. Spauldlng, Dr. E. E. Stone and J.
Otis and -wife, at the Manhattan; Dr. E-
W. Thomas, at the Morton; R. F. Allen,
at the Normandy: D. B. Bentley and
wife, at the Savoy; Miss Blanden, J. S.
Hanna and N. H. Neustadter, at the Hol
land; H. A. Clarke, at the Victoria; C.
Eeterly and E. O. Esterly, at the New
Amsterdam; S. Foster and wife, at tha
St. Denis; K. M. Hayden, at the Astor;
R. L». Knapp, at the Vendome; T. T. Mor
ris and wife, at the Ashland; N. Wellsh,
at the Cosmopolitan.
Califondans in New York.
NEW YORK, June 9.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York:
Detectives Dinan and Wren have be«n
working Bteadily in their efforts to locate
the accomplices of William White, fore
man In the liquor department of Olson
& Co., grocers, 715 Market street, who
was arrested last Friday on two charges
of grand larceny. They have succeeded
and yesterday morning secured warrants
from Judge Cabaniss for the arrest of
Owen Heffernan and "John Do«" John
ston. Johnston carted the stolen liquor
away from the store and Heffernan sold
It to saloon-keepers and others In the
"tenderloin." Johnston used to b© train
er for George Green, the pugilist.
White appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on the two charges of grand
larceny. He -was Instructed and arraigned
and the cases .were continued till to-mor
row for the preliminary hearing. It Is
estimated that during the last month
White with the aid of his two accom
plices has stolen between $2000 and 13000
worth of the best brands of liquor.
POLICE HAVE LOCATED
"WHITE'S ACCOMPLICES
Irving M. Scott said last night that all
he knew of the shipbuilders' combine was
gleaned from the columns of The Call. He
denied that the Union Iron Works had
entered Into such a combine.
L.OS ANGELES, June 9.—H. E. Huntlnj
ton Is In New York. Superintendent Ran
dolph of his lines denies all knowledge of
Huntlngton's shipbuilding Interests ex
cept the fact that he owns the shipyards
at Newport News, Va. ; '<;
Douglas G. Moore, who is connected
with the Crescent Iron Worka, also con
firmed the report that the deal had been
completed, and that an announcement
would be made to-day. He said: "An op
tion has been given to the plant of the
Crescent Iron Works, and other options
are held on plants scattered along the At
lantic seaboard, and at least two plants on
the Pacific are to be absorbed."
Lewis Nikon, who has been most active
In bringing about the combination, again
refused to-day to discuss hi3 plans, but
one who has been associated with him
during the last month in the work ot
forming the new corporation said: "You
may say that the deal is completed. The
only reasons why formal announcement
was not made to-day Is that the more Im
portant details occupied the time until It
was too late to properly frame what la to
be said to the public. ' That will be done
to-morrow. The securities have been
written and one of the strongest banking
Institutions in the city will accept sub
scriptions. The men who have pledged
their credit to the enterprise guarantee ita
success."
NEW YORK, June 9.— All but the merest
formalities of the plan to combine several
of the big shipbuilding yards ot the coun
try under one management were com
pleted to-day. A lew papers remain yet
to be signed, and for this purpose a meet
ing of those most interested win be held
to-morrow morning:, alter whicn formal
announcement will t>e maue and the secu
rities of the new corporation will be offer
ed to the public. In spite of the extreme
reticence of the men who are promoting
the formation of the combination, It was*
learned to-day that the plans contemplate
a company which will turn out any Kind
of vessel, from a steamship of small di
mensions to a battleship weighted down
with the heaviest of armor. Iron and
steel works are being negotiated for, and
It is understood that several extensive
plants have been purchased, among them
the Crescent Iron Works at Ellzabethport,
New Jersey.
Ssecial IMssatch to The Call.
At Lsast Two Plants on the
Pacific Coast Among
Ihose Absorbed.
Shipbuilders Are Ready
to Announce the
Big Deal.
COMPLETE PLANS
FOR THE COMBINE
Short Course Steeplechase Handicap
at Harlem. Goes to McLaren,
With. Farrell Second.
; ST. LOUIS, June 0.— Fair Grounds, sum
mary:
First race, four and 'a half furlongs — Lady
Vashtl won, Pouquoi Pa» second, Pettijohn
third. Time, :55.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, maid
ens — Feronla won, Malzavena second, Emma
M«yer third. Time, :56fc. .
Third race, alx furlongs,' purse — Colonial
Girl won, Red Hook . second, Father Wentker
third. Time, 1:13%.
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth, purse —
Kenova won, Odnor second, Peaceful third.
Time. 1:54%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs^ — Grantor won,
Jake Weber second. Guide Rock third. Time,
1:27%.
Sixth race, one mile and three-sixteenths,
selling — Josie H won. Terra Incognito second,
Warner third. Time. 2:03. .
CINCINNATI, June 9. — Latonla summary:
First race, one mile — Nels Morris won. Jake
Land second, Bentley B third. Time, 1:44%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Model
Monarch won. Prism second. Not Wisely third.
Time. l:10#.
¦ Third race, six furlongs — Our Jessie won,
Foundling second. Autumn Leaves third. Time,
1:15%.
Fourth race, one mile and fifty yards— Remp
won, Banquo II second. Hand third. Time,
1:48. ,'
Fifth race, five ! furlongs — Special Tax won.
Gob Goo second. Bridal March third. Time,
1:03.
Sixth race, one mile — Nugget won, Edgardo
second. J J T third. Time. 1:42%. •
NEW YORK, June 9. — Gravesend summary:
First race six furlongs — Rappenecker won,
Ben Howard second. Maiden third. Time,
1:10 1-5.
Second race, handicap, one mile and a six
teenth — Colonel Bill won. Himself second,
Janice third. Time, 1:46 1-5.
Third race, the Astoria stakes, for two
year-old fillies, five furlongs — Aetarlta won.
Wild Thyme second, Credulity third. Time,
1:00 3-5. ." .
Fourth race, the Standard stakes, one mile
and a half — Advance Guard won, - Surmise sec
ond. Fly Wheel third. Time. 2:35%.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Dr. Say
lor won, Janeway second, Baikel third. • Time,
1:00.
' Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth — King
raine won, Bounteous second, Shandonfleld
third. Time, 1:49.
Seventh race, about bIx furlongs^ — Octawaho
won Delagoa second, Clonmel third. Time,
1:10.
CHICAGO, June 9. — Harlem results:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Lady
Matchless won, Lemco second, Alice * Carey
third. Time. :57 1-5.
Second race, six furlongs — If You Dare won.
Imp. Layia second, Zibia third. Time, 1:16 2-5.
• Third race, short course steeplechase, handi
cap — McLaren won, Farrell second, Fallela
third. Time,' 3:39 4-6. .
Fourth race, one mlle^ — Dr. Stephens won,
Otis second. Lord Quex third. Time. 1:44 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile and 100 yards^ — Honey
Boy ' won, Autolight second, Hermencia third.
Time. 1:52 3-5.
Sixth race,- -five furlongs — Airtight won,
Mirance second. Slgmund third. Time. 1:03 2-5.
Seventh race, one mile — Tommy Foster won.
Chickadee second, Lucy Locket third. Time.
1:46 3-5.
ADVANCE GUABD WINS
THE STANDARD STAKES
The Colonial Secretary. Joseph Cham
berlain, answering a question regarding
the agitation for the suspension of the
constitution of Cape Colony, said he had
received a petition from forty-two mem
bers of the Parliament of Cape' Colony
in favor of Its suspension, and had await
ed the observations of the cape ministry
on the subject. An act . of the imperial
Parliament, he added, was required before
the constitution could be suspended.
BLOEMFONTEIN, Orange River Col
ony, June 9.— A strong contrast to the
feeling between Boer and Briton Is the
bitterness existing between the burghers
who are surrendering under the peace
terms and' those Boers who surrendered
during the campaign. When the Boer
leaders came to Bloemfonteln, previous to
the conclusion of peace, they curtly re
fused to shake hands with those who had
previously surrendered. : The general be
lief is that relations between these two
classes of Boers. will be embittered for a
lone time.
WASHINGTON, June 9.— President
Roosevelt had among his callers to-day
General J. M. Bell, who was accompanied
by Charles E. Prince, a prominent resi
dent of Edinburgh Scotland. In conver
sation . the President * expressed to Mr.
Prince his gratification at the ending of
the war in South Africa, and Indulged the
hope that the British and Boers would
amalgamate rapidly and s,ettle down to
their accustomed dally pursuits.
LONDON, June 9.— The suggestion that
Lord Kitchener, with the connivance of
the Government, entered into a* secret
compact with the Boers to induce them
to surrender, was denied by the Govern
ment leader, A. J. Balfour, in the House
cf Commons this afternoon.
Burgher Leaders Snub Those
Who Gave Up Arms Dur
ing Campaign. ,
Says Kitchener Did Not
Privately Induce Boers
to Surrender.
BALFOUR DENIES
SECRET COMPACT
WATCHMAN BROWN PROMOTED.— T. T.
Brown, watchman at the Chinese "detention
shed at the Mall Dock, was promoted yester
day to the position of guarding- insoector In
the Custom-house. ' .
SEATTLE — Sailed June 8 — Stmr Queen, for
San Francisco; stmr Bertha, for Valdez. Juue
9 — Stmr Charles Nelson, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 8; — Stmr Lyra, from San Fran
cisco; atmr Diriaro, from Skagway. . '.
TACOMA— Arrived June 9— Stnir Umatilla,
from San Francisco; stmr Melville Dollar, from
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 9— Ship
A J Fuller, hence May 27, • for Everett.
Passed Inward June 9 — Bark Gatherer, hence
May 29, for Tacoma. ¦ •
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived June 8 — Stmr
Chehalis, hence June 5; stmr Newburs, hence
June 4. * *
PORTLAND — Arrived June 9 — Stmr George
W Elder, from San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived June 9— Stmr Elmore,
from Tillamook.'
Sailed June 9 — Stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 9.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 75 hours* from New
Whatcom.
Stmr . South Coast, Jamleson, 67 hours from
TllLamooH. ¦
Br ship Kynance, Chapman, 1S5 days from
Antwerp.
SAILED.
. Monday, June 9. -
Stmr Robert Dollar. Johnson, Seattle.
s. The committee decided to recommend
that an amendment be made to the gener
al deficiency appropriation bill providing
for the payment by this Government of
$1^000,000, and authorizing the territory of
Hawaii to issue bonds for the payment
of the remainder of the claim, aggregat
ing 1500,000. ... . .
: WASHINGTON, June 9.— The Senate
Committee on Pacific Islands and Porto
Rico to-day authorized a favorable re
port on the proposition allowing pay for
tne destruction of property in Hawaii on
the order of President McKlnley on ac
count of the prevalence of the plague dur
ing the transition period of that territory
in 1899 and 1900, t :
HAWAIIANS TO BE PAID
TOR PROPERTY DESTROYED
, The members of Darina Parlor, known
as "the parlor of beautiful girls of the
Western Addition," gave a grand" ball to
delegates and friends of the members in
Golden Gate Hall. Many of- the ladies
were elegantly gowned and the scene was
a pretty one. The programme was made
up of twelve numbers, with three extras.
-Preliminary to".: the meeting of. the
Grand : Parlor, of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West, which .will nold its first
session in N.ative Sons' Hall, to-day, there
were three functions last night for the
delegates and friends. There was a trol
ley party under the auspices of the gen
eral .entertainment committee cf the local
parlors: About 150 left in two cars from
fh<2 corner .;' of Post and . Montgomery
streets. They were taken over several of
the electric routes in such manner as to
give the passengers an opportunity to see
all of the illuminations, after which a
straight run to- the Cliff House terminus
was made. At that point refreshments
were served in the 1 large waltingroom,
Mrs. H..M. Greene of Buena Vista Parlor
acting as toastmistress. The principal
speaker was Grand President Mrs. Gene
vieveW. Baker. There were short ad
dresses by "Past Grand President Miss
Mae B. Wllklna and other grand officers
and several of the delegates.
Nearly 500 ladies and. gentlemen, lnclud-:
Ins a number of the grand officers and
past - grand /; officers, assembled In the
maple room of the Palace Hotel to at
tend the reception tendered to Grand Sec
retary Miss Laura J.' Frakes by Dr. A.
Florence Temple of. Darina, Parlor, as
sisted by a -committee of one from each
of, the local parlors. There was a short
programme, consisting of a vocal solo by
John A.' Hesse, a whistling solo by Mrs.
Cordie Stunnenb.erg and a short address
by Past Grand President Mrs. Lena Hllke
Mills, who at the close of her remarks
presented -Miss 'Frakes with a large bunch
of; beautiful carnations. The grand secre
tary made a \ modest reply to the kind
words that were spoken, after which Mrs.
Edith L.. Bamum sang a charming bal
lad. The following named assisted ,the
hostess: - - r £.- -
\ Lizzie ~Shaae, Minerva* No. 2r Ida M. Ker
van, Alta No. 3; Margaret J. Smith, Oro Flno
No.- 9; Millie Tietjen, Golden State No. 50;
Hettie Burke. ' Orlnda No. 66; Lillian Versalo
vlch, Fremont No. 59; Mattie Farris, Laa
Lomas No. 72; Susie Kalthoft. Tosemite No.
83; May Boldemanh, La Estrella No. 89; Agnes
Lunstedt, Buena Vista No. 68; Minnie F. Dob
bin. San Souci No. 96; Agnes McVerry, Cala
veras No. 103; Nora Nonnemarin, La Vespero
No. 118; Jennie M. LefCmann. Las Torrosis No.
131; Ltllie Borle, Genevieve No.* 132.
Programme.
Trolley Ride, Reception at
and a Ball on
Entertainment Provided
for Visiting Native v
Daughters.
MANY FUNCTIONS
FOR DELEGATES
0. W. Becker, a broker; brought a suit
against Attorney W. J. Herrin yesterday
for ; $1000 he "alleges Herrin j owes \ him! as
commission : for labor performed In bring
ing legal work to Herrtn's office.- He al
leges that Herrin agreed to pay him a
commission of one-third of all the moneys
received.
Sues ' Herrin for Commission.
Jacob Stritzinger, an old and honored
ex-member of the fire ' department of AJ
ameda, died 'at the age of 80 years last
Friday at Alameda. Deceased was a na
tive of Bavaria, Germany. For many
years he belohged to the- West End En
gine Company and Whidden Hose Com
pany, No. 2. The remains will be interred
at St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, to-day.
Death, of -Aged Ex-Fireman.
Morley Signs a Fielder.
LOS ANGELES, ; June ' 9.— Outfielder
Jackson of the New York National
League Club has been signed by Manager
Morley for the Los Angeles team. Jack
son will leave New York for this city to
morrow. ;¦>"..,'
Great preparations are being made for
the Star of the Sea Church-picnic thRt
takes place at Shell Mound Park to-mor
row. Handsome and valuable gate prizes
will be donated, athletic games will be
contested and for those who care for
dancing an elaborate programme has been
arranged.
Father Coyle, who is pastor of the Star
of the Sea Church,' has many friends and
it is expected that the picnic that he has
arranged will be one of the most success
ful of the year.
Enjoyable Day Is Promised
Those Who Attend.
It Takes Place To-Morrow and Most
It is probable that within . a very short
time extensive litigation will be com
menced which will involve the heirs of
thVlate Adolph Sutro in a legal battle
that will last for a long time. Sutro !n
his will left the Cliff House property and
land known as the San Miguel rancho in
trust to 'the 'Mayor 'of this city, the Pra-
Bidlng Judge of the Superior Court, the
president \ of the Chamber of Commerce
and Judge "W. W. Morrow of the Circuit
Court for educational and scientific pur
poses. The clause was -declared invalid
two years, ago in the Superior Court on
the ground that it established a per
petuity. ¦
Recently the matter was looked into and
It was found that the suit- which brought
about the invalidating of the clause had
been brought against the executors of the
estate, when the (trustees should have
been made defendants. Yesterday a num
ber of citations directing the appearance
in court of ' the I trustees " were issued.
When they appear the matter will once
again be a cause of. contention.. ¦ i t ¦•'',-
tion 'Once More to Famous
Trust Clause.
Issuance of Citations Directs Atten-
LEGAL BATTLE OVER .
. SUTRO ESTATE PROBABLE
I Dr. and Mrs. C. C. Baker, Mrs. H. Bostwick
of Los Angeles, Miss Mary Battles, Walter S.
Brann, Miss Margaret Cameron, J. Cameron,
Miss Gertrude Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. A. D.
Cross. W. C. Corbett, A. W. Cuthbert, Robert
Dean, C. Dudley Dean, Judge John R. Daniels,
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. F. Deal, R. D. Davis,
Colonel and Mrs. George C Edwards, Mr. and
Mrs. B. P. Flint, C. K. Field Jr., Miss L. E.
Freeie. G. W. Foulks, W. C. Foulks. G. G.
Foulks, Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Fpster, Miss Grace
Fern, C. C. Flagg, Mrs. Francoeur, R. G.
Guyett, Miss Jessie Hathaway, Mr. and MrF.
Henderson of Los Aneeles, Mr. and ¦ Mr*.
Hinchcliffe of Los Angeles. Mrs. Houseman,
Mrs. Fannie Hunt, Richard Hunt. Lorlng E.
Hunt, W. T. Hess. Samuel A. Heller, Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Henry, M. J. Hynes, Mr. and Mrs.
M. Jacobs, Mr. and . Mrs. F. S. Judah, Miss
Clara Klemm, Mr, and • Mrs. E. C. Lfindls,
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Laumelster, Albert Lyser.
Miss C. B. la Barraque. ¦< R. S. Lawler, Mr.
and Mrs. A. H. MacDonald, Mr, and Mrs. W.
D. Mansfield. C. Murray, Mr. and Mrs W. A
Nevills, J. H. Partridge,. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Pasco of Los An«reles. Mr. and Mrs. E. W.
Peabody, Leon E. Prescott. Miss Minnie Ryan,
Mrs. C. F. Raider of Los Angeles, E. J. Rellly.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Roncovierl, , Colonel Rowley
of New York, Judge and Mrs. C. W. Slaok,
Miss Alba Smith, F. D. Strinjham. Mrs. F.
E. Stelger, Miss Grace Stelser. J. H. Steigcr,
Mrs. Strub. Charles Strub, Miss Ann*- Sweet,
Charles H. Town, Mr.- and Mrs. Edmund
Tauszky. Walter E. Xrefts. R. H. Webster, L
Foster Young and Mr. and Mrs. L. Zob«I.
ful and costly presents. The wedding
guests were: ¦
i NEW YORK. June 9. — The New Torks won
| the last game of the series with Pittsburg on
j the Polo Grounds to-day by bunching hits In
the second and third innings. Pittsburr made
a rally in the ninth, but after scoring two runs
the side was retired. Attendance 4700; Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 10 »
New York 5 10 2
Batteries — Tannehill and H. Smith: Sparks
'¦ and Bowerman. Umpires^ — Brown and Powers.
' PHILADELPHIA, June 0. — Two home run
: drives and a wild throw by Hallman gave St.
Louis an easy victory to-day. Attendance 1420.
Score :
R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 7 1
Philadelphia 3 10 1
.Batteries— 51 O'Neill and J. O'Neill; Iburg.
Duggleby and Dorn. Umpire — Emslie.
BOSTON, June 9. — To-day's game was a
pitchers' battle, in which Willis proved more
fortunate. Boston won in the eighth Inning
on Cooley's single and a long three-bagger by
Greminger. Attendance 2200. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 3 7 1
Cincinnati 2 8 0
Batteries — Willis and Klttredge; Hahn and
Peitz. Umpire — Cantlllon.
BROOKLYN. June 9.— The Brooklyn-Chicago
series of four games was concluded by another
victory for the home team. When the Brook
lyns tied the score In the latter half of the
ninth Menefee and Chance gave way to St.
Vraln and KJlng. Attendance 2200. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 5 8 4
Brooklyn 6 8 2
Batteries — Menefee, St. Vrain and Chance
and Kline: Donovan and Farrell. Umpire —
O'Dey.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. June 9. — Patterson won his own
game In the tenth with a line drive to center,
after Orth'B-only gift and a sacrifice hit had
placed a man on second. Attendance 7400.
Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago • 1 7 0
Washington 1 7 3
Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan; Orth and
Clarke. - .
DETROIT, Mich.. June 9. — Detroit won this
afternoon's long drawn out game by better
playing In all positions. The errors of the
Philadelphia lnflelders figured extensively in
Detroit's run-getting. Attendance 2500. Score:
H R. H. E.
Detroit 1.-.10 12 2
Philadelphia ...*. 5 9 7
Batteries — Mullin and McGulre; Mitchell and
Powers.
ST. LOUIS, June 9. — Heidrlck's home run in
the seventh inning enabled St. Louis to take
the lead. Winters was hit hard in the closing
Innings. Boston could do lfttle with Dono
faue. Attendance 2100. Score;
/• . R- H. E.
St. Louis 8 9 7
Boston • 3. 4 . 3
Batteries — Donohue and Maloney; Winters
and Warner. Y-i-*!
CLEVELAND, O., June 9.— Cleveland won
easily from Baltimore to-day, knocking Pitcher
Lawson out of the box in the first inning. At
tendance 3428, Score:
; ; . ; R. H. E.
Cleveland ..10 18" -4
Baltimore 5 8 3
Batteries— Jones and Wood; Shields, Law
son and Robinson.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton, Thom
as M. Robinson, chie^ deputy of the
County Assessor, who is said to have re
ceived tho books, it, any were received,
and Russel R. Stedman and George A.
Oakes, the two makers of affidavits that
caused all the trouble.
The Grand Jury Js going evidently to
begin by calling as witnesses those who
started these claims on their way through
the County Treasury. The employes of
the Oakland Enquirer will be called later.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, June 9.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Henry L. R. Schoon,
eged 25 years, Oakland, and Virginia C.
Gilbert, 20, Berkeley; John J. Tierney, £),
and Margaret Gallagher, 35, both of San
Francisco; Frank McShane, 24, and Ebber
Butterstrom, 18, both of Oakland; Charles
D. Mclntosh, 45, Ban Francisco, and Eliz
abeth C. Slay ton, 28, Irvington; Frame
Viada, 20, Dougherty, and Clara E. Neal,
15 pieasanton; Edward F. Hughes, over
21, and Mattie Klrby, over lS both of
Oakland.- ... ;
POPULAR COUPLE OF THIS
CITY WHO WERE MARRIED
YESTERDAY. /
SEW YORKS BUNCH
AND DEFEAT PITTSBURGS
WTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT7
STAR OF THE SEA CHURCH «
PICNIC AT SHELL MOUND
shire Hotel last evening. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. George
C. Adams, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, of which the groom Is a
member. W. E. F. Deal, the well-known
attorney, gave the bride. Into the keeping
of the groom, iThe floral decorations were
artistic and novel in many respects. It
was a pink and white wedding. The bridal
bower in one corner of the drawing-room
was of pink net and many clusters of
gypsy pillow tied with ribbons of white
and leaf green. Odd baskets of ferns
were also interspersed. The mantel was
banked in with Bride roses, over which
was an immense white wreath tied with ,
pink ribbons. An aisle leading to the
bower was of pink and white sweet peas.
The halls were done in ferns and potted
palms. Grape vines were effectively ar
ranged in the banquet room and the ta
bles were elaborately decorated with yel-
I low coreopsis and maidenhair ferns.
The bride was beautiful and charming
in a shell pink chiffon, the elegance and
simplicity of which suited her face and
splendid figure. The gown was a close
fitting affair of solidly shirred tucks. The
clinging skirt flared about the feet in
three graduated flounces, edged with
three broad tucks. ' The shirred bodice
had a transparent yoke of tucked chiffon
and a bertha and collar of real Duchess
lace. The sleeves were of shirred tucks
to the elbow, with a flowing effect below,
caught in at the hand with shirred chif
fon. A pink aigrette. completed the toi
lette.
The nuptials were followed by a recep
tion and' supper. The bride is an Eastern
weman of liberal education and refine-,
ment,- who has lived irt Los Angeles and
this city for several years. Many of her
Los Angeles friends came up for the wed
ding. . ,
Mr. Foulks is an old-time resident of
this city, having graduated from the
Boys' High School and the University of
California, and has been practicing law
here for several years past. Mr. Foulks,
while in college, took high military hon
ors, was in track athletics and
was Berkeley's first football captain in
the intercollegiate games. He is at pres
ent the head of the Commercial Evening
School. He is a member of the Olympic
Club and of the San Francisco Flycast
ing Club.
Mr. and Mrs. Foulks left for an extend
ed, trip throughout the East.' They will go
by the Ogden route and return by the
Canadian Pacific. Upon their return they
will reside in this city, where a new home
awaits them.
The bridal couple received many beauti-
MORE than one hundred guests
were" present at the wedding
of Augusta F. Martin and
GeorTge H. F*oulks at the Berk-
Games and athletic events have been
arranged and valuable prizes will be con
tested for, while all those in attendance
will be eligible to enter in the competi
tions. The committee that has the pro
gramme and arrangements in hand con
sists of the Rev. P. O. Connell, J. F.
Weiss, R. Flannagan, J. C. Ryan, A.
Sheehan, J. i- Flannagan, P.-Alarnion,
F. Boland, G. Sullivan, J. C. Daly, Mrs.
Frahy, Mrs. J. C. Daly and Miss Mag
gie Clark.
Arrangements and an excellent pro
gramme have been completed for the an
nual outing and picnic of St. Teresa Par
ish, which will take place at Sunset Park,
Santa Cruz Mountains, Saturday next.
The picnickers will take the 8:45 boat,
which will connect with a special train.
Participate in Sterling
Programme.
Will Journey to Sunset Park and
ST. TERESA PARISH
TO PICNIC SATURDAY
Judge Melvln's instructions to the Jury
were formal. He told them that th«re
were two classes of crime that they must
Investigate, that which was charged in
the press where there was no one to
make 3. complaint and corruption in pub
lic officials. - --.'; :„•
The Grand Jury met at once and de
cided upon a line of Investigation. A
number of subpenas were prepared this
ulternoon and will be served to-morrow
morning ordering the witnesses to appear
it 10 o'clock to-morrow before the in
quisitors. The list Is known to include
INSTRUCTIONS FORMAL.
The drawing of the Grand Jury was
purely formal. There was no anxiety ex
hibited by the thirty men who had been
summoned to serve. J. II. Dieckman, D.
C. Owen. Walter G. Manuel. A. L,. Ott,
J. C. Whlpple, It. A. Leet. George Beck
and J. H. Umphred were all excused. The
Grand Jury as finally constituted stands:
H. E. Feusier, Joseph Ghirardelli. D. Stef
fens, John F. Towfe, John W. Tompkins,
Daniel Luce. A. J. Tait. Samuel Haywood,
Ernest Schween, Gustave Mayrich, H.
M. Sanborn, Gilbert L. Curttss, James S.
Naismlth, F. H. Senram, A. H. Schtueter,
K. G. Saston, Thomas Corder. Fred
Wuescher &nd H. A. RancTiett. Gilbert L.
Curtiss was appointed foreman and John
W. Tompkins secretary. \
What the defense will be is a matter ot
conjecture. Daniels and Dalton never
have said that the books were made or
delivered, and certainly the only books
that have been offered represent scarcely
half of the total order. It is said by some
that Daniels and Dalton will try to make
a scapegoat cf Russel R. Stedman, the
confidential advertising man of the En
quirer, who made the affidavit that^the
Uockfi had never been made nor delivered.
Neither Daniels nor Dalton bear Stedman
any love for his affidavit, and It is said
that either the books or the money will
be passed up to Stedman.
On the other hand, Stedman says that It
was to avoid anything of this kind that
he made the affidavit that caused all the
trouble.
DEFENSE A QUESTION.
But Daniels has refused to bite and
maintains a stony silence, and the indica
tions are that the result of the slow ac
tion of the Grand Jury will have to be
awaited.
This is not what is desired by those who
are forcing the charge that these books
were paid for but never delivered. They
are desirous that the examination in de-
Udl be given to the public. If Daniels
could be goaded into suing Moffitt for
libel there would then be a chance to
thresh out the whole affair, from the way
In which the Enquirer was secured by
Daniels to the troubles between Daniels.
Dalton. Pardee and D. Edward Collins,
the minority stockholder, down to the
latest charge of collecting money from
the county for work that was never done.
This is what Is desired, ar.d Moffitt would
be very willing to pay $000 for bringing it
Into court-
But behind the Moffitt attacks upon
Daniels, coupled with his unique offer to
pay the expenses cf a suit against him
self for libel, there is more method than
madness. These who are forcing the
tighL. against Daniels and Dalton do_not
Uit^ the fact that the matter has been
referred to the Grand Jury. The Grand
Jury is a secret body and it is difficult
to secure much, if any, of its proceedings.
All that ever comes from the Grand Jury
room is the simple result.
METHOD I2T HIS OFFER.
But none found Mr. Daniels, and he,
too, went home alive and in possession of
xll his limbs.
Editor G. B. Daniels came down town
just as early. He went to his office, and
then made visits to several of his friends
and his attorneys, and was about the
streets during the greater part of the day.
During the afternoon there was a con
ference between Mr. Daniels and some
of his friends and his attorneys in his
office. Like Mr. Mcffitt, he made it very
evident that he v.-as about town, and that
he was to be found in his office.
But nothing happened and shortly be
fore dinner time Mr. Moffitt went to his
home, uninjured and unsued.
•During his trip3 about town he engaged
in conversation with several persons. To
these he repeated his written statements
in varying form. He wanted to have
Daniels sue him, and if there was any
Question as to where or how he could be
found he would soon settle that.
Hj had 5500 ready to pay for Daniels'
ilbel suit at the moment it was filed.
h ra.UK J. Moffitt came down town unus
ually early. He made several turns up
ana down Bro.xiway, along his usual
route, and at his usual haunts. If any
thing he was a little more in evidence to
day than tisuai. There tras Just an in
dication that the author of the attack
upon, the editor wanted to see if any
oae was looking for him in his usual
haunts and so none of them were omit
ted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
¦ 111S Broadway, June 8.
Tho Grand Jury was drawn to-day, or
ganized and settled down to the work
:«f investigating the charge made
atainst G. B. Daniels and Henry
K Dalton that they collected money from
Alamefia County lor work that was never
dune. It seemed thai the many contending
persons ar.d factions had agreed almost
to let the official inquisitors take theii
course uninterrupted, for G. B. Daniels
maintained more than his usual silence
iiid Frank J. MofStt contented himself
with saying:
"Mr. .Daniels in his paper this evening
does r.ct malign me or refer to me in an
untruthful or unpk-asant manner. Hence
I nave nothing to say."
Mr. Daniels' statement was simply:
'"I am attending to the Grand Jury just
ngw. When 1 get through with them I
will attend to Mr. Mcffitt."
So those who expected that Frank J.
Mcffitt and Editor G. B. Daniels would
make the streets of Oakland swim with
gore were very much disappointed.
The people of the business portion of
OaJtland . were watching for tne former
editor and the present editor and th»y
wondered if a meetiii^' would be sought
of avoided. The bitterness of Moffltfs at
tcck upon Daniels, the directness of his
challenge and the unique offer of Mofhit
tcr contribute ?500 toward the expenses of
Darnels if the latter wouid sue him for
lioei all contributed to make the Oakland
tongue wagr in breathless expectation of
wiiat might happen. . .* .
But nothing happened that required the
services of -either Coroner, police or hos
pit£l. . .
*M0FFITT SEPEATS CHARGE.
"I am sorry that the case has cul
minated so seriously," he said when seten
last night. "When the public learns of
the disgraceful melee that occurred there
last night I am sure it will hurt the busi
ness. I went in there quietly and peace
ably with my party and before I knew it
three ruffianly bartenders had us covered
with new revolvers, evidently bought for
the purpose. However, these sort of ac
tions will not dissuade me from my pur
pose. I will have justice done meat any
cost. I suppose other attachments will
follow the one issued to-day. I don't
blame people to whom money is owed for
getting frightened when they hear of such
disgraceful scenes as have happened there
einee Choynski took charge of the busi
ness." .'¦•¦..
Mr. Newman was rather worried over
the strenuous "turn the row over posses
sion of the saloon took last nisht. He
thinks it will cause a vast falling off of
business and permanently injure the rep
utation of. the saloon. •
The row over the possession of the
Richelieu saloon, which has been In pro
gress between Herbert Choynski % and
Charles Newman for over a week, came
near ending in a serious shooting affray
last night. Newman, accompanied by his
brother, George Baker, his attorney. Mose
Getz and a barkeeper, entered the saloon
about 8 o'clock, just as Choynskt and his
barkeepers and several fighting men were
assuming possession of the- place after
Choynski had raised an attachment that
had been issued against the quarreling
firm earlier in the day. When the Deputy
Sheriff who was in charge opened the
doors of the saloon, which had been closed
since 3 o'clock in the afternoon, Choynski
and his supporters stepped Into the
saloon, closely followed by the Newman
contingent. Choynski ordered Newman
out of the place. Choynskl's three bar
tenders were by this time behind the bar
and all three of them pulled revolvers and
pointed the weapons at Newman and his
party, and while the men behind the bar
kept the opposing party «at bay Choynski
ordered Newman and his friends to leave
the place immediately. They retired
quietly to the street, leaving Choynski
and his armed bartenders in possession.
The attachment issued yesterday was
sworn out by a collector warned Isaacs
on behalf of William Wolf, the wholesale
liquor dealer. After the Sheriff's office
closed last night Choynski made a flank
movement and raised the attachment .by
placing $2000 in cash in the hands of Sher
iff Laekmann. ¦ • •
Fusillade of Affidavits and
Signed Statements
Ceases.
Ohoynski's Armed Bartenders
Level Weapons at '
Newman.
Row Over Possession
of Richelieu Grows
Serious.
FIGHTING MEN
INVADE SALOON
Gra»cl T Jury Is Drawn
and Settles Down
tO W OI*K.
BEGIN INQUIRY
IN DALTON CASE
..-.¦••• . ¦ . . ¦ - ,
THE SAK. FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, UUJ^E 10, 1902.
Augusta F. Martin and George H.Foulks Are
United Before Many Guests, Beautiful
Flowers and Ferns iilling Drawing-Room
ELABORATE DECORATIONS
SURROUND WEDDIKG PARTY
From San Jose — H. B. Bowman and
Miss E. A. Bowman, at the Manhattan;
W. H. "Wakefleld, at fhe Marlborough.
C
9
.'. An additional charge of 20
cents to pay expressage will
be required from out of town
subscribers ! ordering by mail.
A car-load ot Cook Books
has Jwit arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for distri-
bution at the . business . offle*
of thin paper. All Call sub.
neribers are entitled to a copy
of this great Cook Book . at
the . premium price of ' fifty
cents. -: . . ,• , ¦ . '.-.-. ..T"V..;';j,"
TWENTIETH CENTUBYCODK BOOKS
f ft ARE YOU A MAN?!
; %^\ 'With No Back Pains, / •
' m^ i V i • Waste of Power, S
\ i^^X^WL A No Loss of Ambition, I
» Ism % V>^^^/*-/'''^ u * w * th plenty of life and energy and the vigor J
| °f youth? Such you can be if you wear DR. §
! MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. g
>*;'*; if To be strong and manly is the aim of every young man. and yet how many we ©
•*"' U?W?Jw3Io RGCS-i^US'li find who are wasting the vitality and strength which nature gives them. Instead O
> «^b*^F"***j5O=£«!S]ia of developing into the strong, vigorous, manly young fellows that nature intended O
> M5^^^7T^y5^5>i^\- them to be, they find themselves weak, stunted and despondent— no ambition to do A
> «&«&-'/ ']"*{ \ • V V^-^sl anything. They struggle aimlessly along, sooner or. later to become victims of ts
I KsSsS r \ N ¦ .^""i A that dread disease, nervous debility; their finer sensibilities blunted and their a
J . IjpF - •. £• * % I nerves shattered. : ' ;/ Jf
i WHAT A DIFFERENCE '^\ I
| Between this class of men and the strong, manly young fellow who is in full possession of the §8 fS O
gift of manhood that nature bestowed upon him-full of life, vim and vigor that should be RMv jfi a, rt > I *^l1 $
> characteristic of every voung man. He is the envy of his fellow men. His superiority is evU •
> dent In his every aoticri because he feela the confidence and strength of his manhood. Do ; •Sdf^S^S ©
> you wonder why some young men yearn foi the power that tfcey have wasted? "To err Is raL^**£* JS O
> human," and that Is why nature has provided a remedy for the evils that come to the young Srf&nL-/ >Ki (£7 ©
, fellow who has disobeyed the laws of pature. There is a lack of electrical force In the nerves, '\2$H* /ZFVkY in
and this can be restored by supplying electricity to the system.. To do this, and do it thor ft
oughly, is what has given to >.;,', U ©^1/ «
I Dn Mclaughlin's Electric Belt <K§L J
I its world-wide reputation. It has 60,000 cures of sick men, sick women (as good for women as Q
I for men), Rheumatics, Dyspeptics, and sufferers from pain and debility. - *¦ ~*7 •' 0
I _ . rr-'w-V-: sv-k TTMir* SARATOGA; Cal.. March 23. 1902. DR. McLAUGHLJJf. Dear. Sirt I h»ve used yo«t ©
i A I Y-i ill LJ rH W belt -for three months, and it has entirely -cured me of acute pains in the back and hlp». 0
. jL*i* I \~4- W \J IVIwiJt I am well satisfied with It and consider it of inestimable value to me. Thanking you for your g\
interest In my case I remain, yours very truly, . . WM. SIPPLE. Y
1 COMPTCHE.'Cal., May 9. 1902. DR. McLAUGHLIN. Dear Sir: Tour belt has given perfect satisfaction for after using it for S
1 two month* my. rneumatiem is entirely gone. I have not worn the belt for over a month atlll I have no return of this trouble. *•
• ...-".- : • ;>. :..• • Tours very truly, CHA9 OPPENLANDEB. O
> V BIG BUG, A. T., May 23. 1902. DR. McI^AUGHUIK. Dear Sir: I received your high grade belt on the 23th of April, and am ?
i greatly ' pleased with it. < My hands do not go to sleep any more at . night, as they did. but I sleep myself instead. My back is en- ©
i tlrely cured - my eyes look brighter, and I am satisfied that the belt will do all you claim it will If I can ever assist you In any ft
l" way by recommending the belt you may rest assured that I shall be glad- to do ao. Tours very truly. DAN MARSHALL. 2«
i /¦*» /~\ Jl/I f~J ' f XT Most of the belts that I am selling now are to people who have been urged to use it by friends (x
, Lj\ /iTUd IlY. who have b«en- cured. It ia curing your neighbors and will cure you. Try it. Come and see it 2
J w v^rT and test it free, or let me send you my book, describing how it cures, sealed, free. Inclose this ad. x
HP M C Mel AI IfiHI IN -906-markbt street, o
;* LHV« ±T1» VJ» lUWl^/VlJvII I l-*ll^l> Cor. Ellis, San Francisco. {
,.'¦ „ . ' • • ' Hours. 8 a/m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOU> BT AGENTS OR DRUG STORES. S
¦ Brettdg .irj.'^ipfc&t as clean 1
las tHe clejfiips|.j^9^ie kitchen 1
I — alwaysopen-tiT.yourinspec- I
I tioa^-5B^7 1 .v^'to/sSst y^r. JYour First Duty to Yourself
Xs to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable train* cf the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public JAT W. ADAMS,
P. C. P. A.. 87 Crocker building, San Fran-
Cisco. CfeU
BOISE, Idaho, June 9.— At 3:30 this
afternoon H. H. Harper was drowned In
the Natalorium plunge, although he was
a good swimmer. He ' dived down and
£ld not come up. It has not been ascer
tained what happened to him. Heart fall
tire Is the theory of some. Harper came
from Ohio and was a stranger here. He
was a member of the Knights of Pythias.
Makes a Fatal Plunge.
• SALINAS, June 9.— In an attempt to
escape from officers, a Chinese was killed
last night at Surf. As train No. 9, for
Ear Francisco, was leaving Surf the Chi
nese, who was one of a number on the
way from Los Angeles to be deported.
Jumped from a coach. At the point where
lie made the leap there is a steep bluff
120 feet high. The train was stopped, but
the body could not be found, and it Is sup
posed to have been carried out to sea.
cisco for Deportation.
Ileets Death in Attempt to Escape
WMle Being Brought to San Fran-
CHINESE CAPTIVE LEAPS
FROM TRAIN INTO SEA
Compton avenue is a part of the route
covered by the famous "freight fran
chise," which aroused discussion several
months ago, and is the urban connection
for the Long Beach electric road, now
being built by the Pacific Electric Rail
way Company. The franchise was granted
to the company with a freight carrying
privilege attached, and, after being sold
to the Pacific Electric Company, was ve
toed by Mayor Snyder. Suit was brought
by the company to compel the city to al
low the work of construction to begin
•under the terms of the franchise claimed
by the company. The case is now pending
in the courts and the company officials
claim that to-day's move was made neces
sary by the provision of the disputed
franchise which required that the con
struction should be begun within four
months after the franchise was granted
The time limit will expire- on June 13.
LOS AXGELES. June 9. — Eight hundred
men were put at work this, morning by
the Pacific Electric Railway Company,
laying track on Compton avenue, in the
southeastern part of this city. As soon
as the property owners became aware of
the move of the company to gain posses
sion of the street, they appealed to the
city authorities and a squad of policemen
was sent to the scene with instructions
to stop the work. Before this was accom
plished the construction gang had succeed
ed in laying a quarter of a mile of broad
gauge track in the record time of less
than three hours.
Gauge Track in Less Than
Three Hours.
ILays a Quarter of a Mile of Broad-
RAILROAD FORCE SEIZES
LOS ANGELES STREET
Army orders: First Lieutenant Frank
1. Woodbury. assistant surgeon, is trans
ferred from the Philippines to San Fran
cisco to await further orders. Captain
Charles W. Penrose, Twenty-third Infan
try, Is ordered to join his company.
Oregon— Michael Long, Oswego, $12;
Ezra Hayes, John Day, $12; David B. Jar
rett, Lakeview, $10. Original widows-
Minor of Moses Nixon, Stayton, $12.
Washington— George H. Berry, Everett,
JC; Henry Hickey, La Crosse, $6; John Mor
rison, Soldiers' Home, Orting. $10; John A.
Davis, North Yakima, $8; William Young,
Messy Creek. $S.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
postofflce for May, 1902. were $103,407,
against $34,609 for May, 190L
These pensions were granted to-doy:
California— Martin Leppich, Veterans'
Home, Napa. $S; David F. Jones, Sacra
mento, $12; Daniel Irving, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12; George A. Sealy, San
Jose, $8; Orville W. Kendrick, Los An
eeles, $10; Ambrose T. Richards. Niles. $6;
James D. Ewing (dead), San Francisco,
58; Levi B. Gaylord, Veterans' Home.
Napa, $12; Albert J. Staley, Hynes, $4;
Benjamin F. Wright Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles. $S: Peter Lane, Pomona, $10;
John Carr. Veterans' Home, Napa, $12.
Original widows — Mary D. Ewing, San
Francisco, $8.
"WASHINGTON, June 9.— Postofflce dis
continued June 30— California— Evans,
Butte County, mall to Yankee Hill. Post
master appointed— Oregon— M. L. Frantz,
Hosklns, Benton County, vice W. H. Mil
ler, resigned.
sions Granted.
Postal Service and N"ew Pen-
Several Changes Are Made in the
OP HJTEKEST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
OXNARD, June 9.— Four Mexicans ' en
gaged in mortal combat here at 12:30
o'clock this morning. Three of them are
now in the County Hospital. The county
surgeon says that two men cannot live
and the third has only a bare chance. The
fcurth is in the County Jail In Ventura.
The participants in the affray used re
volvers and knives. The wounded are:
Santiago Fernandez,- shot In the jaw
with a pistol, the bullet lodging in his
head.
Eduardo Acosta, shot in the back, bul
let taken from the breast.
Miguel Fabiola, suffering from' knife
wounds in the back.
The imprisoned Mexican Is Joe Guitano.
The affray occurred In the Mexican set
tlement. Within a few minutes : the en
tire neighborhood was aroused. When
omcers arrived on the battle ground throe
cambatants were unable to continue the
fight or offer resistance. Neighbors cap
tured Guitano without much trouble, as
he was exhausted.'
The trouble originated with a family
affair. Some weeks ago the wife of Fer
nandez obtained a divorce. She is Gui
tano's mother.
The two men were quarreling when
Acosta and Fabiola attempted to inter
fere. Acosta and Guitano have long been
enemies, owing . to attentions alleged to
have been paid by the former to Guitano's
wife. The quarrel soon became a melee,
in which all four men were participants.
According to the reports, Fernandez
stabbed Fabiola and Guitano did the*
shooting, wounding Fernandez and
Acosta.
"But," said the banker, "there have
been certain business transactions
through this bank whereby I know the
report to be true."
Something definite will be known soon.
as Hooker's option will expire about
July L .i
One thing that substantiates the belief
that it means a new sugar factory is the
fact that a few days ago S. H. Brown, a
furniture dealer of this place, was In Los
Angeles, and in conversation with a
friend, who is connected with a bank in
that city, the latter made the remark that
Oxnard was to have another sugar fac
tory. To this Brown replied that he did
not believe there was anything in the re
port.
Peile was practically the only one who
krew of this transaction, and he kept It
Quiet until a few days ago, when .he re
ceived a letter from Hooker, dated Phila
delphia. This letter simply announced
that Hooker's project was going through
all right and that he would be heard from
Boon.
There arrived in Oxnard about May 1 a
gentleman who kept his mission and even
nis name a secret. He hired a livery rig
and took a lung drive about- the valley,
making inquiries regarding the water sup
piy, etc. Several days after he left
Cniirles S. Jfeile. a local real estate agent,
received a letter from H. C. Hooker,
dated Los Angeles, asking for terms upon
certain pieces of land in the vicinity of
Oxnard. Feile mailed the requested in
formation and soon afterward received a
telegram stating that Hooker was coming
to Oxrard and desired to have Peile meet
him at the station with a carriage. This
was done, and Hooker requested that he
be taken to see some land east of town.
He would give no information, except
that the land should be near the railroad,
have plenty of water and be so situated
as to give a direct fall to the ocean.
The&e requirements were met in a tract
of 126 acres three miles east of Oxnard,
belonging to John G. HilL Hooker asked
fcr a sixty-day option on this property,
which was given him, and he deposited
money to bind the bargain. As it was then
nearly train time, Hooker drove to the
etation. Peile was naturally anxious to
know what it all meant and asked to be
enlightened. Hooker's reply was:
"If any one asks you, just tell them, you
don't know."
With this the gentleman left for Los
Angeles.
OXNARD, June 9.— H. C. Hooker of
Philadelphia has obtained a sixty-day op
tion on 136 acres of land three miles east
of Oxnard, and If reports are true this
vicinity is soon to have another immense
sugar factory. What is puzzling the pop
ulace is the mystery connected with the
negotiations, which yield no information
as to what interests Hooker represents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gives No Information as to
the Interests That He Is
Representing.
Family Quarrel Brings Revol
vers and Knives Into
Action.
Three Are Dying in the
Ventura County
Hospital.
Philadelphia!! Gets Op-
tion on Land Near
Oxnard.
MAY ESTABLISH
SUGAR FACTORY
FOUR MEXICANS
IN FATAL FIGHT
;.;;,::.>^-;;;. . . • • ¦ . ¦ . . . ... . . ¦....: ¦ . ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JIJNE ,10, 1902.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
AT
golf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from, the hotel
throughout the valley.
" GEORGE P. SNEL.L., Ma:nager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
'SAN «JOSE, CAL.
PASOHLESH
i~.s-i •— . Nature's own selec-
FirlO tion for a health and
A. ! vJJLY : pleasure resort be-
_ ___ cause of the curative
rf r< A I TH properties of Its mud
HJLi JriJLi X 11 «nd sulphur baths fcr
. rheumatism, insom-
A IVTTV nia. gout, neuralgia,
J\V\ll llver.kidney and blood
diseases. Has every
»V» TC A natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S.T., Afl.
PARAISO SPRINGS,
The leading summer and winter resort of the
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F.
SCHUOEDER, Mgr., or call at City Agent, 11
Montgomery at. ' __^____
THE PDRISSIMA HOUSE.
Near the ocean. Fishing In only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI, Prop.,
Purlsslma, San Mateo Co.. Cal.
M/nES «fe HARRIS
TENTS HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS,
CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St. -< . San Franclsco. f
-TAHOE -TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST; ¦ BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to- be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try It and form your, own opinion.
During "June you can obtain good "room and
board for $3 per day. but you can spend more
if you want to.
For folder giving full description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN. TAHOE CITY.
CAL.
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident - physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac, Cal.
¦ Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
•For descriDtive pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau. 613 Market at.
BRCCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1.
To avoid disagreeable watting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAT TALLT-HO
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LAKE TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel, cottages
end tents. Delightful camping grounds near
Eteamer landing: furnished tents to rent. For
descriptive circulars and terms address E. B.
Bmlth & Co.. Statellne P. O.. El Dorado Co., Cal.
LrtK.E=: v T/1'HOIS,
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBBCOIM SPRINGS
Open June IS.' Connections by stage daily
with steamer. Rates. $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT, Prop., Mc-
Klnneys. Lake Tahoe. Cal. j
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe'. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day. or $10, $12. $14 per week Postofflce, tel.
A. L. Frost, . Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
DEER P*RK INN AND COTTAGES-
<» miles from LAKE TAHOE. i Typical resting
place; 6607 feet elevation. Mineral springs
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
Tahoe City, one mile from New Hotel. Now
open. Write for terms. MRS. "VADE BRTSON
prop. ¦¦.•-¦
TRUCKEE RIVER COUN ™X B .
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled; fish hatchery. Second season
Bend for booklet. W. . C. Foulks, Verdi, Nev
HI&H1AHD SPRIB&S
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and- STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
• and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling AL
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel"..$10 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel".$18 per week
une person In room, "cottages".... $11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
one person in room. "MAIN HOTEL" ¦• ' "
_ • ¦ • - $12 and $14 per week
two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL".... ¦ ••:
-"•.•: • : • • $2Q and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
B A U "r au> II Montgomery.- or The Traveler office,
7 wi^Zr 0^™ st -> or wrlte direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highland Springs, Lake Co.. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3K Hours from Los -Angeles.
UNRIVALED X ATTR ACTIONS FOR SEASON
-. 1902. •:•
our famous band of 25 musicians. Including
i?n S F%1 c ° rll ft soloist. CHARLES STREEP-
h,R of St. Louis.
MiSnKhi 011061^ J V ne M t0 s ePt. 15. Phenom-
anein^ & W r OrI , d '" records for rod "d reel
Glfs, TintT^ e Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
tVnon« om ,' Boats - Wonderful natural at-
tef 1 f 11 ° utd0 <>«- sports. Increased Ho-
T tW „ Camping accommodations. CAMP
•Ui.bE a. special feature.
HOTEL, mETROF»OLE
Enlarged, lighted by electricity and in all
__.-._ -respects up to date.
"4 s l^' ? t 11 Montgomery St.. S. F.
*.H S. Spring st., Loa Angeles, Cal.
Qlf A f*f*O HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
Oix/iilUU MA COUNT Y; only 4%
v<wjuvv hours from San ; Fran-
bSfna'tnS? 4 ?.'"* "".^ "** ™««5nal \lftutl\
Win£ o^ 1 h S l mlneral water bath In State
'IWkffKF^P ?^ '-n^an^sTo
or ?-ln « ~ i^ 7 lburo « *erry at 7:30 a. m.
or. 3 .30 p. m Sundays S a. m. only. Rates $2
nAV °« V 2 a Week - References; any guest
or the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau
m™J * 0mery * 8t ' : also at Traveler offlce 20
Skagg? m c2l ' 0F ° f J * F - MULGREW.
f T r E 8^' dc rCSOrt of Ccntral California J
I w arEed L Impr0VC . d -P erda y*2 awards I
Ik i, orchcstra — now open, send for I
| booklet. Address for hotelf R. M. Bria« I
L^ttages, F. Reader, kpitu^ <g I
iCTNA SPRINGS
Napa County.
Offer permanent relief for all Rheu-
matics and Dyspeptics. The analysis
of the Water will be mailed to your
physician upon r?quest.
. EDW. L. SANFORD, Manager.
DR. .C C. O'DONNELL'S
IVl INERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN
"» the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
Bort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints
rheumatism and catarrh in the world' 4e
% ll £ a £ 0I £ S - R The s - p - R R - and S F.
£. • ??' R - R> glve B P ec 'al rates to campers;
30 cottaqres and tents furnished; rent cheap :
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
tne grounds at reasonable rates. Inquire of
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce 1021% Market
St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
AGUA CALIENTE.
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S
f V? 1 K - Immense swimming surface. Splendid
i B , b l° n - S° me Sundav s and try It. Round trip
»l 10. Telephone; many Improvements: $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor
Ag»a Callente, Cal. ¦
SEIGLER'SPRm6S=z-a«S£
„ . & mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Offlce. 117 Grant ave., or
Belgler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
"KLAMATH HOT SPR'NCS.
FInesf fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 GO per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Offlce, 20 Montgomery st.
or address EDSON BROS., Beswick, Siskiyou
County. Cal.
HQRFRG'S Among the Pine . Mountains.
¦ ivuLiiu ,_» California's choicest climate.
The place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
ming, croquet, ¦ hunting, fishing and the best of
meals.. Rates $8 per week.. For further infor-
mction inquire 10 Montgomery st.. or Hoberg's,
Lako County. MRS. M. HOBERG, Prop.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
For health and pleasure go to Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
daily, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
T BARTLETT SPRINGS. T
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
D1TEC Hctel $10 to $16 per week. Hooae-
I1A 1 LS. keeping Cottagei $3 to $15 per »« k -
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards. Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros; . Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub, Mineral and Ro-
man Baths; competent Massaglsts: Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing; -
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O., Bartlett Springs.
Or No. 2 Sutter Street. San Francisco.
o . o
CAMP CURRY
Arrivals, May, 1901 80
Arrivals. May, 1902 202
Offlce, Peck's Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st.
YOSEMITE.
Byron J4ot Springs
G& CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.
New Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect-
ed; sure cure for Rheumatism and Malaria.
Only 3 hours' ride, S. P. R. R., 9 a. m.,
& p. m.; no staging. Address MANAGER
LEWIS, Byron Hot Springs, Cal. Call on
LOMBARD & CO., 38 Geary St.; city.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2% hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley
6 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market St.. opposite
Palace Hotel, S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
f\\ III Napa County. The most
XT H 0 1 0 fl 9 charming spot in Calif or-
uli III I lit I II nla - Ideal for a summer
Vli ¦•WIUIIU vacation. Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday,
$2. SO. Take boat foot of Market street, 7:30
a. m. and 4, p. m.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating. Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral spring*. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Midlake
P. O., Lake County, or call at offlce of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. 650 Market st. '
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER, St. Helena, Cal.
_. j „ -«. In the heart of the Santa
Rowardcnn^ii croz *™«™* *«
XVU TT tt.1 U.W1AM*** near enoug h to the ocean
for a daily lalt water nrim. Redwoods and sea breezes
—a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
Peck's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
S. F.,or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills, Cal. For
Information and rates' inquire of Peck's . Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. Cal-
boun, Proprietor.
OWN A HOME^f/uiy-CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. ' Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7- up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postofflce. Sausallto ferry, %i
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
All V% 1% \i HOT SPRINGS — Water,
111 Ul| n climate, scenery unsur-
¦ 1 I H ll i ¦ I Passed. Camoinc prtvi-
V I L 1 1 'J I leges now. Trains from
- Third and Towmend sts..
8 a. m., 2:45 p. m. Literature on application.
R. ROBERTSON. Gllroy Springs. Cal.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts.;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sporU; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN, Manager.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters In the State: fine hotel and. first -class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Ho well Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry; ' delightful family resort; dally
mall; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds: $8 p«r week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, Angwln, Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Slsson. Address H. McGuInness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Stsuon. Cal.
rienced guides athotel.
"THE QJTOVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of jallac. Rates,
$2 per day, $9 per week; meals, OOo; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. P ARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P., Cal. ¦ t - : ¦¦ :•-
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
Information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery at., or
R. R. offlce, CSO • Market, or John . Martens,
Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal. .
. .V, MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prieta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
Ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday, Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas, CaL, Prop.
SUMMER RESORT, . i .' ¦ ;
Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; first-class accommodation. Before
going elswhere write to : CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate, Placer • County, Cal.. , ' •:...•
rtmOISG THE PINES.
Altitude 2024 feet; plenty of cream, fruit, etc. ;
near P. O. ; home cooking; L.-D. phone; no
consumptives. Address ROBERT F. WARHAM,
Applegate. Placer ¦ County. California.
TROUT FISHING.
Best In State at BOCA, CAL.
For Information address Boca HoteL Boca.
Nev. Co., Cal.; on TRUCKEE RIVER. i
To Please Ourselves, to please others,
and be of material benefit to all, la
doing: good by the wholesale.
StOT) "Work, get^ out into the country,
. take your family with you, and you
will b« pleasing everybody, doing good
to everybody, and making happiness
In large quantities.
To Accomplish. This It is necessary to
know where to go, and this you can
learn by getting a copy of "Vacation.
1902."
This little book, "Vacation. 1902." is-
sued by the California Northwestern
Railway Company, 'gives complete in-
formation for any kind of an outing.
To be had at ticket offices of Company,
650 Market street (Chronicle Building)
. and Tiburon Ferry, or at the General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
Sansome- and California streets.
Call or write for a copy.
H. C. WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pas^. Agrt.
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders In all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R. ; stage from TJltlah.
Call or address
WITTER P.O., Lake Co., Cal.
. Main office and water depot, 016 Market
street, room 64. city.
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
. GRANT'S.
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks.
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person In room. S9 per
week; two In a room. $16 per week. Second
floor, one person in room. $S per week; two In a
room, $14 per week. Will also furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person In tent. $8 per
week; two in a tent. $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F. GRANT
Healdsburg, Sonoma County. Cal.
HOTEL GENEVA
AND COTTAGES,
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city
Most beautiful location and marine view. An
unexcelled summer and winter resort Table and
service of the best. W. G. GRAHAM, Prop.
TiiDMRiifi/ :: On line of Sierra Ry. ;
TURNBACK :: elevation 2353 ft.;
INN, :: mos t elegantly ap-
TUOLUMNR ii P° lnted hotel In the
' " moun tains; stop here
V* AL. • • on your way to or
-- :; . from Tosemlte Valley
r.I: TOCALOMA mar'n
Bert rand Hotel: first-class ¦ accommodations -
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley
etc Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
bulletin Office every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m.'
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
¦' - Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove"*
new management: all refitted. Quietude com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating- fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal. ¦ "i*uon
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.~
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per
feet; 10 miles from Truckee, i n an unbrokea
forest. Further Information Traveler offlce 20
Montgomery st., -or MRS. H. M. CLEMOvV
Truckee. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F.. 2% hours- S miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu
matlsm, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up Fre«
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNISBERQ.
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL-
large dining-room; exhilarating air* hunting*
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reasool
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR.. prop.. , Oakville. Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home, Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nlc« drives-
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma County, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINCS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA —POSI
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all , trains. Boartf. Including baths $s
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena. Cal. . .
Forrest aad health tMTH r- SIERRA**
oooklet Orchard Sprites, Collax. CaJ
THE CEYSERS.
(Sonoma County^ New management: rooms
.plastered and hard finished; new furniture-
new. private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round; white help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
NEVADA CITY.
Th« land pf mines, pines and sunshine. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex. Matchless climate
mountain scenery, pine groves famous gold
mines. Perfect accommodation*. Reasonabla
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
For stomach, liver and kidney tr<raM««>-»
positive cure for constipation. New kltelMS
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortensln and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. FTv« nvm
houses. Room for all. We hav« mar* testi-
monial from people cured than all otltea
springs combined.
For further particulars and minted mattM
at Travelers' Information Bureau. 29 Moat"
gomery at.. San Francisco.
DR. W. K. PRATHOT.
Adams Spring*.
ARCADIA,
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mils
From Big Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Camous Station. For pertlco*
tars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL. P. O,
Felton. CaL Ox>ens June 1st.
A splendid table for boarders; $12 week.
Tenting: for those who prefer to keep house.
H. O. WICKE3. Caatella. Cal»
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plung*
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry. 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phon*
Sutter 2371, 11 Montgomery st. or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton. Sonoma County, CaL
"^HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business. Rates, $9 to $14 per week.
SoJD COMFORT HOME SS3!*$oo l X
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths. Sprlns;
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stags
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. Cal.
CAMP TAYI OR HOTEL - «»? cottage.
VAOU 1 A I LUft and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
tag, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect witn trains
at Hopland. I-eave Hooland at 12:30; arrive at
Lakeport at 8:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6-horse 14-cassenger tourist wagons,
made to order for this stage line, with ali tha
most moderc Improvements. Passengers tot
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can b«
had at offlce Cal. Northwestern Ry.. 650 Mar-
ket st., or at Tiburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietor*,
V^CBTT SPRINGS— 3 miles from Tjklah.
? Mendocino Ca Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs t«
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishir.gr, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first-class.
J. A, REDEMETER & CO.. Props.
RICHARDSON'S SPRINGS - T • a
IVmHes from Chlco. Cal. Noted for being •
sure cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire, year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chico, Cat. *
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable in Lai«
Co.; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia, and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court aa4
Hlllard room. Round-trip tickets. S. P. o£8c«h
<3. J. A. HATS. Prop. _*
OTEL DE REDWOOD— Santa Cna Mta.'
Among the grand old trees; board $3 aa4
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 60. M. a.
COX, Laurel. Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
t! SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THI3
homelike resort is located In th« Santa
Cruz Mountains, o miles from Capltola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. "WEBB, Soquel. Cal.
ountaln View Ranch— HoteL cottages.
well-known table. Phone, swimming, dally
mall; campers to Gtenwood, Including carriage.
$3 75 round trip. F. R. DANN. Santa Cruz.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
sort In Sonoma County. Open all year
round. Rates, $8 to $12. Take Tiburon ferry.
Bus meeta all trains. E. HA WES. Santa Rosa.
ILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranch. 3
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful home
In redwoods: abundant fruit: good table- S*J 60
per wk. MRS. WM, CRANDELL. Santa Crux.
ATjrjXAn^X-B FARM, santa CRua
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postofflce. CaJ.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Sao
Jose, Cal. — One of the best equlppedon tb«
coast. Every variety of water treatment, elec-
trlclty, massage. X-ray. Write for literature.
ELLEVTJE HOTEL— El Verano. Sonoma
County Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day an!
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot mm-
eral springs near by. Peter Qouallhardou. Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; -75 rm» •
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates ta
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long di^t. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.
ING'S RANCH— Six miles from CazaderoT
Elevation 1200 feet: among tha redwoods!
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a -Seek- family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero. - "
SISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
tlculars ••Information Bureau " 20 Mom.
gomery at., or MRS. L. M. SISSON. SlsTon. CaL
OERGHEIM— Two miles from Lo. Gatos.
*-> home cooking. P. DISQUE. Los Gatos. Cat
STAGE LINES AND LIVERIES.
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's. Wnrr^s.
Bellvaie. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Crux. Buy It
R. tickets to Redwood Cltyf 8 f aTm?" teS 1 34
and Townnend sts. ; 9:20 a m from <?art T<«r
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. a R m dw%£
EAGLE STABI FS Uklalr - Tourist*:- 1 cam>.
*t a ™ A 7 ers - hu «*ew- • ' Write' '£
H. A. Eldred for rates for any kind of tttnrtfttt.
pESCADERO-San Mateo i and '. Pescaaeri
r stage line, via ¦ Halfmooa Bay andi SaS
Gregorio. daily all year; twice a dayto IlSlf-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& <:15 p. m.
Fn, SHI 4? N STA BI-ES. nUI«AH AND - WIL-
tt " ts T Tou >" i 3t». campers, hunters, .writ* J.
Smith. Uklah. Smith\& Taylor., WUllts. for
any kind of^ turnout, ),» .„¦; ' ,'.,.,. , >
f>ILROT FSshfon, J X.lvery; good service :'rea*.
VI rates. Ofc. Gtlrpy Spr. stage. -H.-Mayocfc
SANTA' CRU2 — San Lorento . Stable*. « »u[.
. JjjeARms!
Positively cured by theSG
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID IIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price -
I want every woman who wishes to im-
prove her complexion — who wishes to have
her skin soft as velvet— who would like
; to have her face free from all skin erup-
tions and facial blemishes — to use my
Witch Hazel Soap. I want every mother
to try this soap on ' baby and see how
quickly it will relieve the little one of all
hives, baby rash and chafing. Makes baby
eweet as roses. — MUNYON. ..
"^"""¦"^ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
u _ tTi School will be open to summer
MEISLO guests during June and July.
n , DI , Superior climate. excellent
HAKrV. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
_____ drees IRA G. HOITT.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
(For boys) Menlo Park, San Mateo County, Cal.
Careful supervision, perfect climate, thorough
mental, moral and physical training. Prepares
for university or for business. Send for Illus-
trated catalog. IRA Q. HOITT. Ph. D..
v '-¦ • Principal.
HOTEL MAJESTIC
CENTUAIi PARK WEST
AT
SEVENTY-SECOND ST., N. Y.
THE MANAGEMENT RESPECT-
FULLY ANNOUNCES THAT, AS
HERETOFORE, THIS HOTEL (MOST
LUXURIOUSLY APPOINTED)
WTXL BE CONDUCTED FROM NOW
ON UNTIL SEPTEMBER 15 AS A
SUMMER RESORT. DURING THIS
TIME THE USUAL LOWER RATES
FOR SINGLE ROOMS AND SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATHS WILL
PREVAIL; CUISINE OF THE
HIGHEST ORDER. THE RUSTIC
AND PALM GARDENS ON THE
ROOF, COVERING AN AREA OF
30,000 SQUARE FEET, 300 FEET
'ABOVE SEA LEVEL, WITH EVEN-
ING CONCERTS, WILL BE OPEN
TOR GUESTS AND THEIR
FRIENDS. • FOR DESCRIPTIVE
BOOKLET AND TERMS ADDRESS
THE MAJESTIC HOTEL COMPANY.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room; new myrtle cottage; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc.; free teams to our mineral springs, 15
kinds. E. Durnan, Laurel Dell. Lake Co., Cal.
MT. VEEDBR FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1680 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit.
Iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery plea*-
s^Tk'a^asm^Kar?^ Ad -
OCEAN VILLA.
. SANTA CKUZ.
Large grounds. ¦ Boating and bathing free
Free bus. Send for circular. CM. CLARK."
CORONADO TENT CITY I
Coronado Beach, Cal. s
BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, §
GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, S
PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING I
and all other amusements, with one of the finest bands in the West ' and several fine S3
orchestras. > Economical, comfortable and amusing. fJt
Round trip tickets from San Francisco now on sale ats -•: ft
Atchlson, T,opeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St......'........... .S24.60 S
Southern Pacific Ry. Co.. 613 Market St.... ..:... : ....824.5O 8
Pacific Coast S.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery St. ...:............... .!$23.0O 8
Including berth " and meals. * &
Ground and water rent free for one -month with above tickets.' g
Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets O
ever the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not 8
charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this ' 8
as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of 8
ISO pounds of baggage. 7c
Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion «
tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground, rent, which includes free 8
use of water. •' . • • • • ¦ • . ¦ • . .. sg
s Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings ' at the following S
prices per week (for the month of June SO per cent discount)! •• ¦ ¦ 3
Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, $1 20; cot. single 25c- anriT,- 8
cot, double, 60c; mattress, single, 20c; mattress. - double, 60c; pillows Sso^blaSSt? ' «
23c; comforters, 25c; table, 26c; campstool. ¦> 10c; chairs. 25c; rocking chalrs^aoT'- 8
gasoline stoves, 60c; oil stoves, 26c; washstaads. complete. 35c: 'cooklnir - uteiuiia ««£ 8
ihree persons, 75c; lamp, with oil. 25c. ' * uiensus for «
Prices per month double the weekly rates. ¦ ' ' ''""¦«
UrnI , 8hed tent « for one oerson $12 per month. For two persons. $20, and each n
additional person $5 per month. Furnished tent . comprises beds'- bedding tabw «
waeh stands, rocking, folding and camp chairs, dean linen, towels water dally cam «
of tent and laundry of tent linen. : Tents electric lighted. Perfect Iewefa*e7 «
For pamphlets and full particulars call on ' ¦ «
f PECK'S TOURIST BUREAU, II Montgomery St., San Francisco, Ca!. §
• ' r **'*> w 'i— -^^y J^fc/s^ ""' Ap if^"^^h^"* **^gJ^^^^J|*^feT*^ C* - » " J *~">».';»_ fReceipts of Berries in chests were liberal
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
Temperature at San Francisco, 7 a. m., 60
degrees.
WHEAT— Receipts, 180,000 bushels; exports
114,091 bushels; sales, 1,865,000 bushels futures'
8000 bushels spot; spot, easy;' No. 2 red 77%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 78%@79c f. o. b. afloat •
No. 1- Northern Duluth,.S0%c f. o. b. afloat-
No. 1 hard Manitoba. 83%o f. o. b afloat'
Brilliant crop prospects, owing to fine weather
all through the West, had a depressing effect
on wheat all day, except for a brief noon rally
on the liberal inside supply reduction. Liqui
dation was a feature and short sellers. In
spite of the decline exporters did little and
wheat closed heavy at %@%c net decline July
77 9-16@78 5-16c, closed at 77%c; September'
75 9-16@75%c, closed at 75%c; ' December
70 13-10@78%c. closed at 76%c JJecemoer.
HOPS— Firm. . , „ •¦ '
HIDES — Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot: Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice
5%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 8@12%c. Futures
market closed quiet" and net unchanged to 5
points higher. Total sales, 14,250 bags in
cluding June, $4 90; July, $4 90; September
$5 10; November, $5 15; December, $5 30@5 35-
February; $5 45; March, $5 60; May $5 65 '
SUGAR— Raw, .firm; fair refining,. *2 16-I6c
centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar 29ic
refined was firm: No. 6, 4.20c; No 7, '4 ibc :
No. 8, 3.95c; No.' 9," 3.90c; No. 10, 3.85c-' No
11, 3.80c; No. 12. 3.75c; No. 13, 3.75c; No 14
8.76c; confectioners' A, 4.50c; mold A 6*60c
cut loaf. 5.20c; crushed, 5.20c; ; powdered'
4.80c; granulated, 4.70c; cubes, 4.05c ¦'
. - DRIED FRUITS. - *
¦ Evaporated; apples '..¦'¦ continue •" quiet,' : with
stocks light and firmly held at top prices
Prime fruit In export demand. State, common
to good, 7@9%c; prime, 10c; choice, • 10%®
10%c; fancy, lie. The - prune . market holds
steady, active export demand continuing. Do
. - • • - .-• .< .
. NEW YORK. June 9.— FLOUR— Receipts
22,500 barrels; exports, 69.800 barrels; dull and
easy; closing 5@10c lower to sell.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, and
there- are no new features to report. -
BRAN— $18 G0@19 60 per. ton. . .
MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing. $26 50®27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn. $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat,
$S@9; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@8; Old Is quota
ble as follows: ' - - • ¦ •*• ¦
Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $9 50®ll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@ll 60:
Oat, $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $7@11; Clover. $7@9
Volunteer, $0 50@8 50; Stock. $6@8 per ton.
STRAW— 40® 65c per bale. .-,;
: Beans and Seeds.
¦. Quotations* for everything under this head
stand as before, and the" demand for Beans
continues slack. * --
BEANS— Bayos, $2 85@3 10; small White,
$2 35@2 45; large White, $2 30®2 40; Pea, $3/25
@3 60; Pink, $2@2 20; Red. $2 60; " Blackeye,
$4 90@5; Limas, $3 60@3 70; Red Kidneys
$3 60 per ctl. ... .... . -.,. ...
¦- SEEDS— Trieste Mustard,- $2 '50@ 1 2 65- Yellow
Mustard. $3 26@3 50; Flax, $2 25^2 50; Cana
ry, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa- from Utah, 10%©
ll%c; California. 10@10%c; Rape, l%@2%<r
Hemp, 3%c per lb. .
DRIED PEAS--Nlles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 40®
165; Blackeye. $1 75<g2. . **
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of new Potatoes were light, but the
market showed little improvement, . as most of
the offerings were poor. A few lots of the
best stock sold as' high as 2c per pound. Old
Potatoes were unchanged. The Oregon steamer
brought down 25G0 sacks.
Supplies of Onions continued plentiful, and
prices were "unchanged.
Tomatoes from Mississippi continued to sell
readily at $2 25@2 50 per crate. There were a
few crates received from Los Angeles, and the
Panama steamer brought up a small conslgn
.ment from Mexico. Summer Squash and Cu
cumbers from Marysville were in liberal re
ceipt and prices had a wider range. Receipts
of other vegetables were moderate and the mar
ket-cleaned up well.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, $1@1 50 in
sacks; In boxes from the river. 90c@$l 25 for
the Early Rose and $1 25@1 75 for Burbanks
with some fancy higher; old, 90c@$l for Bur
banks from the river; from Oregon and Wash
ington, $1@1 23; River Reds, $1@1 25; Sweets
$2 50 for Merced. ...
ONIONS — Australian. $3 25@3 50, second
hands; new red, 40® 50c per sack; Sllverskins
35(g50c per box. ¦ - ....
; VEGETABLES — Green Corn, from Vacaville,
15@20c per dozen; from Brentwood, 35@40c*
Asparagus, extra fancy, $2 50 per box, $1 75@
2 25 for No. 1 and $1@1 50 for No. 2; Rhubarb
50@75c per box; extra fancy, 90c@$l; Green
Peas, 75c@$l 25 per sack; Garden Peas, $1 50®
1 75 per sack; String Beans, 2@3c per lb and
2%@3%c for Wax; Refugee Beans, 4@4%c per
lb; Cabbage, 90c«$l per ctl; Los Angeles To
matoes, $2 25@2 50 per crate; Mexican Toma
.toes, per box; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per
lb; Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots; $1 per
sack; Cucumbers from Marysville,-- 90c@
$125 per box; from Arizona, $1 per
box; Hothouse do, 25@50c per dozen- Garlic
2<a3%c for new; Los Angeles Green Peppers'
l(J@12%c; Mexican, do, 12%@15c; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles, 7@10c; Summer Squash, 90c
{J$l 25 for small boxes and — — for large; Mar
.rowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $15@20.
[ Poultry and Game.
A, car. of .Eastern Poultry was scheduled to
arrive late yesterday afternoon and will prob
ably be placed on the market to-day. Receipts
of Callfornian were very light and quotations
for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Hare and Rabbits remain as before quoted
Thirteen sacks came In. • . . '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13(&14c ¦ for Hens; Geese, per nalr
$1 25; Goslings,- $125@1 50; Ducks, $3 50®
4 for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4 50®
6 60; young Roosters, $6 60@8; old Roosters \
$4 50®4 76; Fryers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers $3@4
for large and $2@2 50 for small ; Pigeons $1 75
•per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs
GAME— Hare, 75c@$l; -Rabbits. $150 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush. : -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. \ '
The : week opened with ¦ large • receipts cf
Butter, as will be seen. . Prices showed no.
change, but the feeling was unquestionably
easy, with more- sellers than buyers. The pro-'
posed introduction of oleomargarine Into the
California market by a large Chicago concern
is agitating the trade, especially as a local
factory proposes to follow suit. Dealers say
that contractors for lumber, ¦ railroad and fish
ing camps are large buyers of oleomargarine
whenever It is on the market, and that a cer
tain class of bakers also use it freely, so that
the imitation product will be very apt to pro
duce a depressing effect on packed Butter later
on In the season. This has a tendency to
check the current packing of fresh Butter and
is an additional element of weakness. An ac
count of the action • of ¦ the Dairy Exchange in
the matter yesterday appears in the local
columns.
. Further changes In Cheese will be noted. Old
is now in such meager supply that few if any
dealers are quoting it. Supplies of new, while
sufficient for current needs, are not as ex
cessive as they have been. '
Ranch Eggs are quoted higher by "most
houses, though receipts showed a marked .in
crease yesterday. Spot stocks of Eggs are ap
parently lighter and the feeling is, rather firm
than otherwise. . *
Receipts were 79,100 pounds, 276 cubes and
4 kegs of Butter, 1362 cases, of - Eggs, -400
cases of Eastern Eggs, 5600 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 21%@22c per pound for
fancy, 21c for, firsts and 20@20%c for seconds;
dairy, ¦ 17@21c ; store Butter, 14@16c-per pound.
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
"America, 10%c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 20@21c for fancy and 17% @
19o for fair to good; store, 17@17%c per. dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 9-To-day's statement
of the" Treasury balances In the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, • shows : Available cash
balance, $201,526,342; gold, $98,826 685
THE COAST RECORD.
DRtSSED MEATS.
Wholesale late? from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7J£c for Steers and 5%@6%c psr
lb for Cows.
. VEAL — Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per Ibl
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@8%c; Ewes, 7%@8c
per lb. ...
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10c per lb. *
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
• LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 5U
per cent shrinkage for cattle: ' ' --
CATTLE— Steers. 8%@9c: Cows. and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4@4%c; Ewes. 3@3&c
per lb (Kross welzht).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 5002 75 per
head' or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings,
4&4Vic ptr ib. • ¦ .. ¦ •¦
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6%@
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6©6%c; feeders, 6@6%c;
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 'June and July, 5%@6c;
San Quentin. 6.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c • ..
. COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, ?8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $fl 50;
Roslyn, • $7; Coos Bay. $5 60; Greta,
$8; Wallsend. $S 50; Co-operative Wailsend.
$S 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite ! Egg, ;
Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton;
Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks-
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000
lbs and $8 00 per ton, according to brand
OIL — California Castor Oir, In cases. No. 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, - 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil ¦
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 05*
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c: Sperm, pure
65c: Whale Oil, natural white, 40@5Oc per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c: cases. 47 %c-
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%o for Ceylon ind
58% for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%#14c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c-
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline,, in * bulk, 16c
in cases,' 22%c; Benzine, in ,-. bulk, 14%c- in"
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c- In
xases, 26%c. „ ¦
TURPENTINE— 71c per gallon In cases and
65c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany ' quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-Ib
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; 1 Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 8.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; balf-barrels. 25o more;
boxes.- 50c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos— Half -barrels; • 4.75c; boxes,
The local packers are trying to buy Hogs
cheaper and have, reduced their bids to 6%c,
but say that they have not yet succeeded In
getting any at the decline. Arrivals continue
light, and the demand Is. equally small. ' The
other meats are. quoted as before.
San Francisco ' Meat Market.
The temperature changes have been slight In
ali districts.. In the great valley of Califor
nia the temperature U from 13 to 22 degrees
ebove the normal.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
fcours ending midnight. June 10. 1602:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Tuesday;
cooler; fog along the coast at night; brisk west
erly ¦wind. ¦ '.
Southern California, — Cloudy and somewhat
threatening Tuesday: probably showers in the
mountains; fresh west xrtnd. •
Nevada — Partly cloudy; cooler Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
cooler, with fog at night; brisk westerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON. .
Local Forecast Official,
Temporarily In charge.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the great
er portion of the Pacific Slope, with cloudy
and somewhat threatening weather in Southern
California. Light rain has fallen over Puget
Sound and a light shower Is reported from
San Diego.
The pressure has risen over the immediate
coast States and fallen over the plateau and
Rocky Mountain regions.-
FORECAST
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9, 5 p. m.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
I The .clrcujar *3fW.:Bv'_Sumner &. Co. says:
. Hide'* market .continues" to; show much
strength, and all Hides are selling freely^ A
further advance Is , not expected, but present
prices will-undoubtedly be maintained. There
is an exceptionally good demand- for. dry-'-Hides.
Horse Hides . are much sought jaiter, 1 and there
is every ' indication .that tjbe", demand and pres
ent prices will 'continue for some time. Goat
Skins sell readily." - : -
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c\
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll@13c; Dry Calf, 16©18c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
30c each; short Wool. 40@60o each; medium,
65@75c- long Wool. 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt $2 for large and $2 50 for me
dium $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for • large. $1 50 for
medium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32 %c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American.* 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c ; medium. . 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6% @6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%<g)5c; grease. 2%®3i4c - ', .,-
WOOLi — Spring, . Humboldt and Mendocino,
15@17c; Northern free. 14@16c; do defective.
13@14c; Middle County-*ree. 13@15c; do; de
fective, 12@13c; Southern, .12 months, 9@10c;
do, 7 months. 9@llc; : Foothill. ll@13c;-Neva
da. 12@15o; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse," 14@15c per lb. ..
• HOPS— 12c for fair? and 13® 14c per lb for
good to choice. • - ¦ :< .:"' -
Hides, Tallowy, Wool and Hops.
• • - • LIVERPOOL."
Wheat — * July. Sept.
Opening 5 10% 0%
Closing 5 10y> 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— . June. Sept. -Dec
Opening / 22 70 20 05
Closing I......... 22 70 20 95
¦ Flour— ¦ ¦ -•
Opening 27 85 27 15
Closing 27 90 27 30
- Eastern HweftdclT' Market
.:-¦ 1 ¦ . : $ ji_ : . . ¦
¦ l " " . . . CHICAGO.
" CHICAGO, June 9.— CATTLE — Receipts
17,500, Including 300 Texans. Market 'for
choice' steers steady to "strong, 10c higher;
> others steady. Good to prime steers, $7 35Q;
7 85; poor . to medium, $5 25@7; stockers' and
feeders'. $2 60@5 50; cows, $1 50@5 75; heifers,
$2 50@6 70; canners'. $1 50£2 50; bulls, $2 50
j @5 60; calves, $2 50@7; Texas steers, $4@6 50.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 41,000; to-mor
row, 35,000; left over, 5000. Market strong to
5c higher. Mlxsd -and .butchers', $7@7 47%;
good to choice heavy, $7 40@7 55; rough heavy,
$7 10@7 35; light, $0 90@7 30; bulk of Bales
$7 10@7 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market for sheep
10c lower; lambs steady. Good to choice
wethers, $5 25@« 15; fair to choice mixed,
$4 50@5 25; Western sheep, $5 25®tt 15; na
tive lambs, clipped, $5 25@7; Western lambs,
clipped, $5 50@7; spring lambs, $7 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, June 8.— CATTLE— Receipts
550; steady. Natives, $5 35@5 70; cows and
heifers, $1 50@6 30; veals, $3 50®5 50; stock
ers' and feeders', $2 50@5 50.
HOGS — Receipts 34,000; strong. Light and
light mixed, $7 15@7 27%; medium and heavy,
$7 25@7-45; pigs f $4@6 25.
SHEEP— Receipts 2000; steady. Top lambs
00.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 0.— At New York to-day
30,000 pounds electrolytic copper for June de
livery was sold at 12.30c, the quoted range at
the close being 12.25@12.30. with casting at
12@12%c. lake at 12.35@12.60c and standard,
spot to September at 11.70@11.90c. Thus the
general market for copper was a shade better
than -last quoted. The London market 'closed
6s net higher, with. spot at £54 10s and fixtures
at £54 12s (id.
Tin at London was 6s net lower with spot
at £132 and futures at £128 10s. The local
market had an average gain of 25 points. Spot
closed at 80.30@30;40c.
The lead market ruled steady at New York,
spot being quoted at 4%c. ! London lead was
unchanged at £11 7s 6d.
Spelter continued . more or less nominal at
4%c. London gained. 2s 6d, advancing to £18
12s 6d • •
¦> Localjy Iron .was without change, with trade
dull. ¦ Warrants were nominal. No. 1 foundry
Northern, $21@22; No. 2 foundry North
ern, $20 50@22 50; No. 1 foundry Southern
$20 50<gJ21 60; No. 1 foundry Southern soft
$20 50@2150. > ,
• English' markets were firmer, Glasgow clos
ing at 54s 7d and Mlddlesboro at 49s 9d.
Visible Grain Supply. . •
NEW YORK. June 9:— The visible_ supply
of grain Saturday, June 7. as compiled by
the-New-York Produce Exchange Is as follows:
( . Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat ...... 26, 091,000 ¦ ¦. . 2,513,000
Corn 4,261,000 64,000
Oats ... ..... 2,483,000 ....... 572,000
Rye 699.000 ¦ .......' 53.000
Barley :..' .:. 402,000 .*... 187,000
New York Cotton Market. '
NEW YORK, June 9.— The cotton market
opened quiet, with prices 3 points lower to 2
points higher, and closed barely steady, with
prices net 4 points lower to 6 pbints higher.
1 Foreign Markets. : .¦
: ¦' . : . 1/ ¦; > ',
/ LONDON, June 9.— Consols. 97 3-16; sliver.
23 15-16d; French rentes, 102f; cargoes on pas
sage, nominal, unchanged ; ; cargoes . No. : 1
standard California, SOs; cargoes Walla Walla,
20b 6d; English country markets, easy; import
into United Kingdom, wheat, 645,000; import
into United Kingdom, flour, 140,000; wheat and
flour /-on passage to United ¦ Kingdom, : 3,910,
000; wheat and flour on passage to Continent,
1,630:000. ' • ¦ . ,
HOPS — Pacific Coast, firm; £4 15s@£5. -
LIVERPOOL, June .9.— Wheat, , firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 3%d@6s 4%d; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm; weather In England,
8 COTTON— Uplands, 4 31-32d. ,' •
:\ ; Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
/ TACOMA, June 9.— Bluestem, 65%c; club,
64%c. •¦:•' . .' ' '
PORTLAND, June 9.— Walla Walla, 65%c:
valley, 66%c; bluestem, 66% @67c.
Northern Business.
PORTLAND, ' June , . ».— Clearings, $603,223 ;
balances, '$03, 580. .
SEATTLE, June O.-^-Clearings, $647,240; bal
ances, ?114,623. V '
TACOMA, June 9.— Clearings, $318,612;. bal
ances, $35,362. ' : ¦
. SPOKANE, June 9. — Clearings,: $308,744;
balances, ?37,104. ':':' ¦ ;v' ,•
"UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .110%lll its qr cp(new)130 137
4a qr reg 109%110 13s qr coup..lC7%108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oak W G 5s.lO3%'l(HU
Bay CPC 5s. 10$% — Oceanic S 5s. 87% —
C C G&E 5s.l05%106% Pmnlbus 6s. — 130
Cal-st 5s ...119% — Pac G Im 4s. 97 —
C Costa 5s. . — 111% Pk & C H 6 a. — 110
Ed I* & P 6s — — Pk & O R 6s. — 125
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Sac EGR 5s. 100 —
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — SF & SJVSs.122 —
Do 5s — 97ti Sierra Cal 6s — llMi
L Ang R 53.118% — S P of A 6s
L A L Co 63.103% — (1909) ... .113%114}i
Do gtd 6s. — — (1010) 115 —
Do gtd 63.103% — S P of C 6s
L A & P 5s.lC5 — (1905)Sr A.106% —
Do lem 5s. 103 — (1910)Sr B.107%
Mkt-st C 6s. — 123. ,(1906) 109%
Do lem 5s. 120 122 (1912) 120%
N R of C 6s. — 112% S P of C 1st
Do 5s 112 113 c gntd 5s. — —
N Pac C 53.110 IIO14 Do stmpd.lO% —
NCR 5s.. 111% — SP Br Cal 6sl39% —
N S R R 5s.l00%101 S V Wat 63. Ill lllli
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm. 102 103
Oak Trn 63..125 — I Do 4s 3dm. 101 102
Do 1st c53. 113% — Stkn G&E 6slO2 104
. .WATER STOCKS. " ;"'
Contra Costa 75% 75% Port Costa.. G3% 68
Marin Co ... 50 — Spring Val.. — 00
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac L Co... 48 50
Eqt G L C. 3 -8% Sac E G&R. 39 42%
Mutual 4 5 SFG&E..44 44%
O G L & H. — 63 !B F G L Co. 5% 5%
Pac G Imp.. 38 39%iStkn G&E. S —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 — )
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 112% I First Nationl — '—. '
Anglo-Cal .. — ' 90%|L P & A....168%170
Bank of Cal.430 — Mer Ex (Ilq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp. 122% — 's F Nationl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Pav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — , — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav.. — 85 Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U..525 — t|
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.170 — [Market ..... 90%101
Geary — — IPresidlo .... SO —
POWDER.
Giant 70 70%-Vlgorit 3% 3%
. SUGAR.
Hana 3% 4% Kilauea .... — 10
Hawaiian . . — 35 Makaweli ... 23 25%
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea .... 23% 24%
Hutchinson . 12% 12% Paauhau ... 12 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159 160 Pao A F A. 2%
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac C Borx.165 — -
Cal Wine Aa.100%100% Par Paint... 26
Oceanic S Co 24 30
Mornin; Session.
,¦,'";¦¦¦ Board— r '¦
30 Pacific Light 43 25
• 10 Gas & Electric 44 37^4
20 Gas & Electric 44 25
$4000 8 P Branch.... 140 1)0
$2000 N Shore R R 100 00
Afternoon Session. -
10 Contra Costa Water ; 75 50
40 Contra Ccsta Water.... 75 37%
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 150 5U
15 Hutchinson .¦ 12 2S
70 Giant Powder 70 25
$3000 Bay Counties Power 108 50
$4000 S P Cal, 1912 121 00
$1000 Sacramento Electric 5s.. 10O 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
250 Home 3 30
25 Home 3 25
20O Occidental of West Virginia 17
100 Sterling 1 go
50 Thirty-three 7 50
Street —
CO Home 3 35
3000 Petroleum Center 04
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home 335
500 Lion 06
100 Monte Criato (s 30) 1 30
8000 Petroleum Center 03
100 Petroleum Center 02
100 San Joaquln OH & Dev 7 25
300 Sterling , 1 57',i
lOO.Sterling 135
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on the . San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board Tester
, Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... SO 600 Ophir 120
200 Caledonia ... 81 e00 Overman ¦ 2S
500 Con Cal & V.I r.O 400 Potosl 31
400 Mexican 50 200 Union Con... 19
Afternoon Session.
10O Caledonia .... 89- 200 Occidental ... .19 1
100 Caledonia .... 88 1S0O Overman ....30
500 Caledonia .... 83 500 Overman .... . £9
100 Caledonia .... 81 1 300 Potosl 31
300 Caledonia .... 82 100 Potosl 32
100 Caledonia .... 85 500 Sierra Ner... 16
• 200 Confidence ... 65 200 Union Con ... 10
600 Mexican 48 ,
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornins Session.
200 Andes 03, 60O Con C & V.I 32% !
100 Belcher 15 200 Gould & Cury 0©
1000 Belcher 14i 100 Mexican 48
250 Bullion ...... 0U 100 Occidental ... 18
250 Bullion 03 200 Ophir .....1 22%
100 Caledonia .... SO 200 Potosi ...*... 31
200 Caledonia .... 82 200 Savage ....... 13
200 Caledonia . 84 200 Sierra Ner... 17
20O Caledonia .... 85 600 Sliver Hill .. 48
100 Caledonia .... 90 500 Union Con ... > 19
100 Chollar 14i 100 Yellow Jacket 21
.200 Con Cal & V.I 30l - ,
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. June 8—2 p. m.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
narket was easy; creamery, 18@21%c; dairies,
8@19%c; cheese, weak, 9%@10%c; eggs, easy,
5%c. ,
8%c and 8%c is quoted on choice and fancy
In 1-lb cartons. Spot loose muscatels are scarce
and Cvic Is quoted on 3-crown grade. A little
Inquiry is noted In Valencia layers. Spot apri
cots are being cleaned up. a fair business hav
ing been done for export. In futures offerings
ere available at 6V4c to 7c for choice RoyaJs
VacaviUe fruit in 25-lb boxes f. o. b. the Coast.
Some buying for July and August shipment is
heard of at 6%c. Coast advices report the
market somewhat stronger. In peaches futures
offer in one quarter at 6%c for choice yellow3
In 25-lb boxes. Dates are steady and In fair
request. Figs are closely cleaned up. In nuts
ehelled almonds are in fair Jobbing demand an<i
steady. Sicily shelled offer at 22c A cable
from the other side quotes the equivalent of
22c cost laid down. Brazil nuts are firm and
In good request. Filberts are steady at 8%c
to fc%c according to holder."
"Spot prunes attract the chief attention, the
movement noted being mainly for expert ac
count. Business aggregating several thousand
boxes is reported in sizes 60s to 90s In 25 and
60-lb boxes. Prices, It is understood, were
around the quoted basis for a new fruit. In
40-50s new Santa Claras a shade more firmness
is reported with 6%c quoted. Sizes 70-SOs are
s&id to be more difficult to get, and for small
lots on jobbing order better than quotations has
been paid. The tone of the market generally
Is firmer, and the tendency on best, offerings
toward a higher basis. Coasj advices contain
little news as to the coming crop, but on old
crop the views of sellers are reported firm on
the 3c f. o. b. four sire basis. In currants
there i« little movement to record, and the
Tnarket is 'reported steady. In one quarter tins
Arr.a'.ias offer in a small way at 5 l-16c for
\incleaned. %he principal holders, however,
quote up to 5%c
"There Is noted a rather better feeling in
seeded raisins with choice in small supply.
Eastern pack etlll off «rs at 8c for choice and
8%c for fancy in one quarter. On Coast pack
Mail advices from New York say
Dried Fruit in Nfjj York.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
...Ji? money market showed a hardening tend
to 4U. £ °» Um f money lo&nB advancing
° 4% . f% r cent, and money lenders expressed
adt-»nr.» 4S at Cal1 loan rate8 would Shortly
ad\ance. The money. situation Is obviously an
Important repressive influence on speculation
n? th?°j5i ? u i stl ° n ol the ultimate effect
of the ending of the Boer war. There has al
ways been a question of the share of the
P^S t .« l !r )dU 5 e i UP ° n l he lndu «r«al reaction In
!£? a . nd , E 3 uro E e by the Boe «- war and the
cutting off of South African gold and the new
competition of the United States respectively!
«V™,?i « , .V he <» ue8tl °n now whether the
stimulation of the peace is to be diverted from
the United States into a revival of English
and Continental Industry. The substantial
*^ ( S* d - * tDere by a lon * P*oc«s
of liquidation favors such an assumption,
but the immense undeveloped field elill
remaining in this country must be
borne in mind, as was strikingly shown
by our continued heavy borrowing from
foreigners even while our own wealth has been
Increasing. The field for new development in
the older countries Is naturally much more re
stricted, but the question of possible with
drawal of foreign credits from the United
States as a result of the ending of the Boer
war Is an open one and is tentatively con
sidered in American financial circles
*,Vi? ™ nd fPVH 1 ~ was duH - To " tal sales,
$1 215,000. United States 2s registered de
clined % and the 2s and 3s and the 5b % per
cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
.... Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 18,000 80% v 79% 80S4
Atchison. pfd 1.800 »8% mil 98$
Baltimore & Ohio.. 700 105% 105 105
Baltimore & O pfd. 04
Canadian Pacific .. 7.800 130% 135% Via
Canada Southern .. ™ MU,
Chesa & Ohio 100 40 4<j" 44iv
Chicago & Alton .. 200 37% 37 37
Chi & Alton pfd *'* 2 7 .
C. Ind & Louis *•*'-* 4li&
C. Ind & L pfd r»*»
Chi & East Illinois .' ion
S h i c TwVpfd v ::: .. 800 M sj^g*
C&GWBpfd... 100 48% 48% 48
Chlcago^orth.. 251 250* 249%
S^ra^S':: i. 30 ? 21 * 21 m
ccc&stL ..... ;;;; •••• ixirz
Colo Southern 100 30% 3o\L an
Colo South 1st pfd. ** ?O
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 42% 42^4 42^
Dela & Hudson .... 200 173^ 173 173
D. L & West , 07K
D&RG %?
D & R G pfd 100 00%" 90% »0%
Erie 1,000 36% 36% 86»?
Erie 1st pfd 400 68 €8 68
Erie 2d pfd .... ° g?,'
Great Northern pfd. .: 182%
Hocking Valley . . . 1,300 84% 82% 84
Hocking Valley pfd ..... ? . . r * gfj/
Illinois Central ... 300 151 I6i" 151
Iowa Central 100 45% 45% 45%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 S3 83 8^
KCSo 400 32% 31% 32
L^wisiern-::: i£.!§s! g*
L E & West pfd.. . " " 125
Louisville & Nash. 800 1S7% 137 13G»/4
Manhattan L 2,400 131% 130% 130%
Metropolitan St. R. 400 149% 148% 149
Mexican Central .. 100 20% 20% 26%
Mexican National joi/
Minn & St L • 100 110" 110 HOVi
Missouri Pacific . . 4,200 100 99% WM
M, K&T.... 1,500 26% 26% 2B&
M. K&Tpfd 500 568 50$ . 56%
New Jersey Central 184
N Y Central 500 154% 154% 154%
Norfolk A West pfd 600 55% 55% 6514
Norfolk & W pfd .... ,. go.*
Ontario & Western 1,900 82% - 32% 32W
Pennsylvania . ... .1,600 149% 149 -•' 149%
Reading 10.700 63% C2% «3"2
Reading 1st pfd.... 400 83% 83 ¦ 83%
Reading 2d pfd.... 2,000 63% C8% 68%
St L & S F 600 68% 68% 08V4
St L & S F 1st pfd. 100 84% 84% 83%
St L & 8 F 2d pfd 400 73 72% 72%
St L Southwestern - .... 27%
StL Southwest pfd .900 00% 60 60%
St Paul 14,200 169% 167% 169%
St Paul pfd , 18 8
Southern Pacific .. 4,100 . 64% 64 64
Southern Ry 2200 30% 36% 36%
Southern Ry pfd .. 1100 94% 94%' 94%
Texas & Pacific . . 300 40 40 40
T St L & West .... 20%
T St L & West pfd .... .... 36%
Union Pacific ..... 6,000 104% 104% 104%
Union Pacific pfd. 600 87% 87 87%
Wabash 8O0 26% 26% 26%.
Wabash pfd 300 43% 43% 43%
W & Lake Erie... 300 22 21% 21%
W & L Erie 2d pfd 800 34% 34 84
Wisconsin Central. 500 ,27% 27 27-
Wis Cent pfd... P ... 2,300 48% 48 48%
Express Companies-
Adams ".. ..... .... .... 197
American .... .... 222
United States .: 114%
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous — : • "v '
Amal Copper.. 3,600 68% 68% 68%
Amer C & F....... 5.C00 31% 31 31#j
AmefCA F pfd.: 200 91- 90% 1)0%,
• _.. r in nil •-- • • . • • or
Amer Iiin un... ....
NEW YORK, June 9.— The dullness of the
tradine in stocks was unrelieved to-day, but
the inertia of prices was not quite so absolute.
There was a scattering distribution of buying
orders during the early trading which lifted
prices slightly. The demand subsequently dlel
away, but the higher level of prices was pretty
well maintained during the rest of the day.
News of weather conditions favorable to ail
of the crops seemed to be the cause of the
buying, which was most prominent in Atchi
son. That Mock and St. Paul were moved up
a point. Vasrue rumors were current all day
of a coming settlement of the coal strike and
operators in stocks DrofeHsed satisfaction over
the small effect of the soft coal miners' strike,
ine public statement made on behalf of the
anthracite operators declaring themselves sat
isfied with the success attained in preventing
damage to the mines by flooding was also cited
by buyers of stocks. The presence to-day of
the United States Commissioner of Labor anl
the interest in the strike thus manifested on
oenalf of the President were variously re
garded. The question of statutory power of
the President to acti\ely Intervene, however,
seemed to afford most satisfaction to those in
terested In stocks. , Reading's gain reached a
point. The rise of 1% in Hocking Valley was
apparently due to the fact that the labor
trouble. has .not affected Its territory. Sugar
had the benefit of a rise in the price of renned
product and of hopes of an agreement on
Sl?^?f lV^, C l 7 *t-WMhtairtan: The- aU- r
irSi. / , d . lvl £ end rate of Chicago, Minne
apolis and Northwestern, kindled hopes of ln-
S^ 6 !! .'i? °?V stt >& 8 - The market never
showed the sliithtest animation, but such slug
gish advances as took place were due to those
New York Stock Market,
The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. : Common stock, $23 87%@24 25; preferred,
lfo2 7 ISio3 b iS ds - m@91 * 1 »*«*««*
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company
will pay the usual monthly dividend of 25
cents per share June 16.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a monthly dividend of 20 cents
per share, payable June 16.
The Home Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of 7% cents per share, amounting to $7,
500, payable June 20.
The week opened on very dull markets In all
the local exchanges, and there were no fluc
tuations worthy of note on the morning: ses
sions. The only change in the afternoon was
in Petroleum . Center Oil. which declined still
further to 2@3c.
EASTERN MARKETS.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to -the trade:. Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
%'l 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9- in
sacks, $6 85@8 60; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50#
3 75, usual terms; .Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3®
3 60.
Flour andMillstuffs.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c;- -one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces. 10%c; five tierces, 10%o per lb.
• CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy. 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%@l4c: Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl; extra Mess. $10 50@ll; Family, $1160©
12; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear.
$23; Mess. $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. 12Uc:
Pig Pofk. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef
13V4®14o per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12 %o for pure; half*-barrels,
pure, 12%c; 10-lb tins, 13%c; 5-lb tins 13%c;
3-lb this,- 13%c. -- -
Chicago was quiet, but slightly higher.
Prices are considered too high for. much bull
movement.
The San Francisco market continues quiet
and unchanged.
Provisions.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 11@H14 C -
No. '1. 6@7c: No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No 2
7c; Almonds. 10%@12c -for p'apershell, 9@10c
for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
6@7o for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c- Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. * ••*• -- - •
HONEY— Comb, 1 - ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light- amber; water white extracted, 6Q
6%c; light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX-27%©29c per lb. !?
RAISINS — Seeded.- 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown.
7%c; Loose Muscatels,, 5% c for 4-crown and
6%o for seedless; 3-crown.: -6c;- 2-crown 5%c -
London Layers, $160 per box. . -. '
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40s. 6%@6%c; 40-5Qs. _5.@5%c; 50-60s. 4%@
4%c: 60-703, 4@4%c; 70-SOs.. 3%@3%c; 80-80s,
3@3%c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%cperlb. .
FRUITS— Apricots. 9@10c for Royals and 10
6 13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
1 a ted Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried, ' 6@7c;
Peaches, 6%@8%c; Pears, 6®9c: Plums, pitted,
5@6%c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines. 5%@6o
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs. 3%@4%c
for black and 5%@6c for white.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 23,725 jPotatoes. sks .. 2,560
Flour, qr ska... 16,072 Middlings, ska.. 230
Wheat, ctls 11.660 Tallow, ctls ...' 212
Barley, ctls .... 5,820 Pelts, bdls 471
Rye, ctls 80 Hides, No • 305
Beans, sks 406 Quicksilver, flks 200
Potatoes, sks .. 1,541 Wine, gals 77,200
Onions, sks .... 205 Lime, bbls .... 'lS2
Bran, sks ..i... 670 Sugar, ctls .... 5,04;{
Wool, bales .... 219 Leather, rolls .. 59
Hay, tons 485-
FOR MONDAY. JNE 9.
Receipts of Produce.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Chlco— Barley good; wheat good.
Hollister — Hay baling begun; crop yielding
better than expected. :
Hanford — Grain being harvested; peaches de
veloping rapidly; apricots in market.
Palermo— Shipment apricots by express. •
Newman — grain ripening rapidly.
Willows — Wheat fine; loss by rain ten days
ago overestimated.
Ventura — Foggy weather continues,! making
prospects better for summer crops.
Colusa — Fruit and grain crops are in good
condition.
San Jose — Grain and hay crop excellent;
fruit crop coming on fast; big crop.
Livermore — Barley and wheat doing well;
heavy crop cherries.
Napa — All crops doing well.
Cioverdale — All indications of an abundant
fruit crop.
Santa Rosa — Fruit and grain doing well.
Santa Maria — Grain being headed; good aver
age quality; sugar beets doing well.
"An unusually ¦warm spell at the beginning
of the week, during which the maximum tem
perature was between 80 degrees and 90 de
grees at different places, was followed by a
steady decrease in temperature, and on the
23th there were cold showers, with hall
mingled. On the morning of the 30th there was
light frost in some localities in the eastern
counties. The hail did some damage to young
firuit. and the frost slightly injured tender
Vegetables. The dry tpell with the three warm
days warmed up the soil so that the crops hav*"
rrown well, notwithstanding the cool weather
of the greater part of the past week.
"Grass, clover, alfalfa and grain of all sorts
have flourished. Considerable alfalfa Is now
about ready for cutting; a small amount has
been cut. Wheat, both spring and winter. Is
in very satisfactory condition. The reports
from the Palouse country are extremely favor
able. Barley in Columbia County and oats In
Ekagit County are above the average. Hops
are making good progress. Early potatoes are
In blossom and looking splendid; late ones are
growing nicely, except on very wet soils. Sugar
beets are in satisfactory condition.
"Good reports come from the peach sections,
east of the mountains, and the outlook for ap
ples is. on the whole, favorable. But cherries,
prunes and pears have dropped off eo that only
a small crop is left. Strawberries are ripening
and .with favorable weather for the next two
weeks the crop will be large." .
The report of G. X. Salisbury, section
director United States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended June 2,
is as follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin.
60 per 1b. No order taken for leas than TS
barrels or Its equivalent.
Local stocks and bonds continue very dull. ' - : .; -
Sthcr and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley easy, but not materially lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuff s quiet and featureless.
Beans and Seeds inactive at previous quotations.
Butter dealers exercised over the introduction of Oleomargarine.
Eggs quoted rather firmer. Cheese, shows some changes.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions quiet here and in the West.
Local packers reduce their bids for Hogs.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before quoted.
Poultry nominal and Game quiet.
Apricots end Peaches bringing good prices. Cherries selling well.
Good Lemons and Oranges firm.
Hides firm and selling freely.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl asked.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, 83 %c. •
Second Session — No sales.
. Regular Morning Session — December — 12,000
ctls. 83 %c.
Afternoon ¦ Session— December — 2000 ctls,
83%c; 8000. 83%c.
OATS^ — Continue very quiet, with "plenty of
sellers, but few buyers, the latter holding off
on account of the approach of the new crop.
Offerings, while not large, are more than suffi
cient for the very poor local demand.
Grays. $1 37%@1 45; Whites, $1 35@1 60;
Milling, $1 50@l 55; Black, $1 25@1 35; Red,
$1 32%@1 45 per ctl.
CORN — The market is still held up to the oil
quotations by the leading holder, but the de
mand is light and the feeling is weak.
Large ieilow, $1 45© I 00; small round do.
$1 6U<S1 52%; White, $1 55@1 60.
RYE — 90@95c per ctl. :
CALL BOARD SALES,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal . Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — December— 2000 ctls, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 6000
ctls, $1 10%.
Afternoon Session — Decembei: — 16,000 ctls,
$1 10%; 4000, $1 10%.
BARLEY — The market stands about the
same, being weak and dull. New feed will not
bring over, 92% c, a. car selling at this. figure
yesterday. .Holders are asking 96%c for. choice
old, with 95c as the best bid. The tendency in
both descriptions is downward.' • .
. New Feed, 92%c; old Feed, 93%@95c for No.
1 and 90@92%c tor off grades; brewing, 96%@
97%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for standard.
In this market futures were lower, but ship
ping grades remained undisturbed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1 10@l 11%; milling,
$1 15@1 17% per Ctl. ...
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were weak. Paris
futures' were unchanged.. .The world's ship
ments for the* week were as' follows, .in quar
ters: Russian, 274,000; Argentine, 74,000; In
dian, 79,000. The American visible supply de
creased 2,513,000 bushels.
Chicago ; wa8 l%c lower on account of fine
weather in the West and South, but otherwise
there was nothing new in that market.
Wheat and Other Grains:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Amer Lin Oil pfd .... '.'.'. 50%
Amer Loco ....... 700 33% 32% 32
Amer Loco pfd.... 200 92% 82% 92
Amer S.& Ref.... 3.200 48% . . 48% 48%
Amer S & Ref pfd. 500 99 98% 98%
Anaconda Min Co.. 200 113% 113% 113%
Brooklyn R Trans. 1.700 67% 67 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 000.. 99% '98% 98%
Consolidated Gas... 500 220 220 219%
Con Tobacco pfd.. ... 121M,
General Electric...' ..... '" '"" zit
Hocking Coal .:...! 10%
Inter Paper '. " **"* 20$
Inter Paper pfd.. - !. 85
Inter Power ....:. 400 60 60 70
Laclede Gas 55.
National Biscuit... 200 48 48 "' 47%
N^rimfr!c d an::: . 5 .°? **'&*
Pacific Coast ...... . : ' " " 65 '
Pacific Mail ...... 300" 41* "' 4l" f 41
Peoples Gas...... 100 101% 101% 101
Pressed S Car..... 5,100 47% 46% 46%
Pressed S^Car pfd. 500 86% 86 87
Pullman Pal Car.. .; 232
Republic Steel .... 100 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 74% 74%' 74%
Sugar 27,900 128% 127% 128
Tenn Coal & Iron. 200 62% 62% 63 .
Union B & P Co 15U
UnionB & P Co pfd ' 82%
Vr I J ? !kt }l? T •••••• 200 13% ik" 13
Vr I £*?i her pfd -' 70 ° 87% 85 85
u is iRubber 14%
U S Rubber pfd... 100 55% 55% 65%
y. I Stpel 8.600 39 38% 38%
US Steel pfd 2,600 89% 88% 89
Western Union 200 90% 90% 90%
Total shares' sold.176,300 . •
NEW YORK BONDS. •
u S ref 2a re«s:...108 L & N iinif 4s. .103
Do ref 2s coup.. 108% Mexican Cen 4s.. 83
Do 3s reg 107% Do 1st inc . . . . 31%
Do 3s coup ...107% Minn & St L 4s.. 105
Do new 4s reg. ,130 M K & Texas 4s. 99%
Do new 4s coup. 136 Do 2ds ; 83%
Do'old 4s reg... 109% N Y. Central lcts.104%
Do o]d 4s coup. 110% Do gen 3%s 10S%
Do 5s reg . . A,. .105 N J Cen een 5s. 139
Do 5s coup 105 Northern Pac 4s. 105
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% Do 3s . . . ; 73%
Do adjust Is... 94 Norf & W con 4s. 102
Bait & Ohio 4s. .102% Reading gen 4s. ..100
Do 3%s 96% StL & I M con 5s. 116%
Do conv 4s 107. St .L Sr S F 4s. 100
Can South 2ds ...103%'st L S W lsts..,. 99&1
Central of Ga Cs.lfm . '< Do 2ds 87%
Do 1st inc .... 81J4 San A & A P 4s. 91-
Ches & Ohm 1%s.10«^, Southern Pac 4s.. 92%
Ch! & Alton 3%s. 85%, Southern Ry 5s.. .123
C B & Q new 4s. 9fl ,Texa s & Pac lsts.119%
C M&StP gen 4s. 115% Tol St L & W 4s. 82%
C & N W con 76.138 Union Pacific 4s. 105%
CR I & P 4s..... 115% Do conv 4 3 .... 107%
CCC&St L gen 4s. 102% Wabash lsts ....120
Chi Term 4g 00 Do 2ds ... ....112
Colo & South 4s. 95% Do deb B .;. 74%
Denver & R G 48.104% West Shore 4s 114
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% W & L Erie 4s,,. 95
Do gen 4s 87a; Wisconsin Cen 4s. 9.J%
Ft W & D C lBts.113% Con Tob 4s 67%
Hocking Val 4%s. 110% ..vitb
\ NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .... 12-
Alice.. 40 Ontario 7 25
Breece ... 50 Ophir 1 10
Brunswick Con . 09 Phoenix 06
?omEtock Tun... 05*4 Potosl 24
Con Cal & Va...l 25 Savage I--. 10
Deadwood Terra. 1 00 sierra Nevada .. 14.
Horn Silver .... 25 Small Hopes . . 45
Iron Silver 72 Standard ..3 25
Lead vi lie Con ... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ' . US Bteel 38%
Call loans ....3%®4% U Si Steel pfd.... 89
Time loans ...4 @5 Westlnghs Com.. 108
Bonds— Mining—
Atchison 4s: 102% Adventure 23%
Gas lsts 94% ! Allouez 2%
Mexican Cent 4s. 81 - i Amalgamated ... C8W.
N E Gas & Coke. 56% Bingham 349T
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla. 570
Atchipon 80V4 Centennial ...18%
Atchison pfd 08% Copper Range 57%
Boston & Albany. 260 Dominion Coal... 139
Boston & Maine. 200V> Franklin H
Boston Elevated. .165 Isle Royale .. 12
N Y. N H & H..2.13 Mohawk 41U
Fitchburg pfd.... 143% Old Dominion 19$
Union Pacific 104% Osceola 61%
Mexican Central.. 20% Parrot 28
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 130
American Sugar.. 128 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Am Sucar pfd... 110 Tamarack 175
Am Tel & TeI...174%!TrlnIty 12^
Dom Iron & St«el. 53 lUnlted States.... 201,4
General Electric. .317 [Utah z\V,
Maes .Electric... 43%! Victoria 4
Mass raec pfd . . . Qny 3 i U r lnona 4
N E GaR & Coke. 4 (Wolverine 85
United Fruit 108% Daly West 45
Union Copper,... 34%! -
... ....-LQ^IJON- CLOSING STOCKS., "' ¦¦ ¦
Cons for money.. 97 Mo, K & T pfd 60
Cons for ac- NY Central 158
count 97 3-10 Norfolk & West.. 57«
Anaconda ' 6% Nor Wect pfd 92
Atchison 82% Ontario & West &i<K
Atchison pfd 101% Pennsylvania . . 7tfii
Halt & Ohio 108 Reading 32U
Canadian Pacific. 139% Reading 1st pfd.. 42%
Chefe & Ohio 47% Readlnl 2d pfd 35
Chgo G Western. 28Vi Southern Ry.. 3731
Chgo. M & St. P.. 172% Southern Ry pfd • 97
Den/& Rio Gr.... 42% Southern Pacific. 65V.
Den & R G bfd.. 93 Union Pacific . 10754
Erie 31% Union Pacific Dfd.' 90
Erie 1st pfd 69% U S Steel... 4«.v
Erie 2d pfd 54. U. S Steel pfd 01
Illinois Central... 154 Wabash .. \ 27U,
I^julsvl & Nash,. .139% Wabash pfd..!!!! 44S
Mo. Kans & Tex. 27 Spanish 4s....... 80%
¦ Bar silver, steady, 23 15-10d per ounce
Money. 2@^% r>er cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is steady, 2 11-16 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three . months' bills to 2^2% per cent.
. New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Money on call, steady,
at 2%@3% per cent; closing bid and asked 2@
2% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 4@4% per cent.
_ Sterling exchange was steady, with actual
«n3 in ? B J n R £? ; nk , erS ' , bl118 at H 87 % for demand
and at $4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates— $4 85%@4 86 and $4 88@4 88%
Commercial bills— $4 84%@4 85%
B V silver— 51%^ r ** y **
Mexican dollars — J2c.
Government bonds, weak; State bonds in
active; railroad bonds, Irregular.
, London Market.
NEW YORK. June 9.— Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram:
Stocks opened firm to-day and there was
a moderate display of activity. Weakness
quickly supervened, however, on a sharp break
in Kaffirs, the leading houses restricting the
carry-over, facllltlea in order to freeze out
over-speculation and also to prevent big calla
at the end of the month. The universal opin
ion is that big houses are working for a boom
but only when the market is healthy, xd
cordlngly. cash sales are the order ofc the day
Americans were hardly mentioned. They
opened hard and remained firm. The close wag
at ge the top without news to account for emtu
- -•. ¦ ¦ ". ' :, ..-,¦ '.. :.'- -- i
CHICAGO, June 9.— Wheat was depressed by
the fine weather more . than by anything else/
For several days the' short interest had been
much worried over the prospects of damage to
winter wheat by a wet ; harvest. In ' conse
quence there .'was , considerable", covering .and
the bulls bought recently to a fair extent. To
day all this was changed when 'the weather
map showed clear weather prevailing general
ly.. The Southwestern markets were weak at '
the start, St. Louis being down and selling
here on the weather. : The local crowd was very
bearish at the start and July opened %@%c to
%c down at 71%c to 71%@71%c, ; and soon
tumbled to 71 % c. The cessation of a demand
from shorts eliminated the otherwise bullish in
fluences that might have been expected from
a decrease of 2,640,000 bushels in the on-passage
stuff, and of 2,613,000 bushels in the! visible
supply. Even some talk of exporting new stuff
and a fair show of strength at-New York on
the French demand at weakened prices had no
effect. Wheat was very heavy and seemed un
able to help itself, ana as no support came to
its aid, the close was weak, July l@l%c lower
at 71%@71%c.
• Corn opened 'off sharply on favorable weather
for cultivation and on free offerings. ! There
was, . however, active buying of July ¦: by the
big bull party that is supposed, to be in con-,
trol of that option. July closed weak, %@%c
down at <>2%<8>62%. :
Oats broke with the other grains and ruled
weak. July closed weak, %@%c down at
38%c. ¦•'..
¦ Provisions did not ¦ feel the grain influence
and were pushed up to f higher prices. ' Hogs
were higher,, there was a. fair demand by shorts
and little stuff was offered by the packers who
control all the holdings. July pork closed 7%c
up, lard closed 6@7%c up and ribs 20c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows;
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 71% • 71% .71% 71%
September ...... 70% 70% 69% 69%
¦December '71%~ 71% 71$ 71%
Corn No. 2 — . . •
July:... 62% 63% 62% 62%
September 58% 68% ,67% 68%
December 44% 44% 44 44%
Oats No. 2 —
July (old) :." 36% 36% 35% 36%
July (new) 38% 38% 38% 38%
Sept. (old) 28% 28% 2S% 28%
I Sept. (new)...'. 30%' 30% 30% 30%
Dec. (new)..... 30%, 30% 30% 30%-
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 17 50 17 57% 17 47% 17 60
September 17 60 17 62% 17 50 17 60
Lard, per 100 lbs —
I July 10 27% 10 37% 10 27% 10 32%
September 10 30 10 40 10 30 10 35
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July 10 20 ¦ 10 40 10 20 10 37%
September 10 10 10 25 10 10 10 22%
Cash quotations were a& follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 wheat, 71%c; No. red, 79@80c; No. 2
yellow corn. 64c; No. 2 oats, 42@43%c; No. 2
white, 45%@40%c; No., 3 white, 45@46c; No. 2
rye, D9c; fair to choice malting barley, 6Sc;
No 1 flaxseed. $1 56; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 76; prime timothy seed, $6 30@6 35; mess
pork, per bbl, $17 6O@17 65; lard, per 100 lbs,
$10 30@10 32%;. short rlb3 sides (loose), $10 30@
10 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $8@8 25;
short clear aides (boxed), $10 70@10 80; whisky,
basis of hleh wines, $1 30.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000. 17,000
Wheat, bushels 170,000 60,000
Corn, bushels .....328,000 279.000
Oats, bushels * 187,000- 244.000
Rye, bushels 1.000 IS. 000
Barley, bushels 9,000 6,000
¦ , Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 SS%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, eight..... — . 1§
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1TJ4
Silver, per ounce — 51%
.'Mexican 'Dollars, . nominal " ' — 45%
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges $2@4, ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings, 50c@
$2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25@3: St
Michaels. $1<§;2; Valencies, $2 50@4; Lemons,
$1<5>1 25 for common, $1 75@2 25 for good to
choice and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape Fruit
75c@$l 50; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas
$2@3 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 50<g>
2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
FIGS — Black from Tuma, $2 per box.
CHERRIES— White, 25@40c per box; In bulk.
2@3c; Black, 35@60c per . box and 2%@5c in
bulk; Royal Anne, 50@75c per box and 5@6c
in bulk.
APRICOTS— 75c@$l per box and $1@1 50
per crate for common offerings; fancy Seed
lings, $1 25@1 50 per drawer.
"APPLES— $2 50@3 per box for old; Green,
40@Goc per box and 40@50c per basket.
PEARS — Madeline, 65@75c for small boxes
and $1 for large; baskets 40c. ¦
PEACHES — From Vacaville and the river,
$1 25 per box. . . . ....
GOOSEBERRIES— $2 50@3 per cheat and 1
@3c in bulk; English, per drawer and
In bulk.
CURRANTS— $3@6 per chest.
CHERRY PLUMS— 35@50c per drawer.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@Q per chest for
Longworths and $4@5 for Mallndas; crate3
from Florin, 75c@$l .'.',.-
RASPBERRIES— $6@0 per chest; crates
from Loomis. 85c@$l 25.
LOGANBERRIES— $7@S per chest; crates,
75c@$l.
BLACKBERRIES— In crates from . Loomis.
$1 15@1 25.
Lemons were firmer under a steady demand
and light supplies. Supplies of fancy Oranges
were limited and , top prices were easily ob
tained for offerings. At the auction 2 cars were
sold as follows: Navels, $3 73 for 2S boxes of
fancy and $2 25 for choice; choice Valencias.
$1 50@2 75; Seedlings. $2 15 for fancy and
$1@1 75 for choice. Some choice Lemons were
auctioned also and brought from $ 1 SO to $1 70
per box. . : • •
Three more crates of Nutmeg Melons came
in from Yuraa. They contained from 12 to 15
Melons each and were sold at the uniform
price of $5 per crate.
Receipts of new green fruits continue light
and prices stand about the same.
Apricots were offering freely and common
stock was a little lower. Fancy Seedlings in
small boxes sold readily at full figures.
Cherries showed little change and the mar
ket-was well cleaned up at the end of the
day. The demand for loose stock was par
ticularly brisk and It was not difficult to ob
tain the top quotation for fancy Black. The
canners bought common white at 2@3c and
secured some Royal Anne at 5%c.
and prices were generally lower. As usual some
poor Strawberries were received and were eold
below the : quotations. Strawberries in . crates
from Florin were in good condition and sold
promptly. Other' Berries in crates were most
ly poor and sold slowly. Prices on Currants
had a | wider range, as some of the receipts
came to hand overripe and leaking.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
mestic business light, prices unchanged. Apri
cots are' moving well* In a jobbing way and
are held with confidence. Peaches quieC but
steady at unchanged prices. Prunes, i; 3%@6Vsc;
Apricots, boxed, 10%@14c; bags, 10V6@12c.
Peaches— Peeled, 12<£16c; unpeeled. 8%@10MsC
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
11
Continued on Page Thirteen,
STATIONS.
eg 33
2 3 3 3
c c
1 <»
3
|
•1
0 £
°5" £-
Chico »« 04 .00 Pt Cldy S
Cloverdale 95 50 .00 Clear ....
Cotaea ..83 63 .00 Clear ¦ ....
Eut*)ca C2 54 .00 Clear NW
Fresno... 108 &i .00 Clear W
VUJntmp ....... 10H 71 .00 Clear' ....
3iSlilf.fi' ....... 88 48 .00 Clear W
Jj^lfipeivjepjce .. »4 64 .00 Pt Cldy SE
S.'. \ traavre .... Ott 52 .00 Clear ....
I**; .*ji«ele*. ,- 78 C8 .00 Pt Cldy SW
3CapfcTvjr.iT... SO 55 .00 Clear S
Nf».'.Tusn ....»*. 102. ei .00 Clear ....
J'iJ<!mo ifAi..K>0 rC8 .00 Pt Cldy S
Portfcnrlllei..».105i;«l .00 Clear .7.."
Red BIuflfA«.s ft6.«a:'.00 Pt CTdy SE
RtTereiaB "7 ;-.v •" fi-3 53 -,00 Clear ... . "
Sacramento N." W - '00^ ".00 Clear B
«aa-Die^a:l*..>'*2 ''-68 V: T.'- Cl«udy SW
San Tnfntisco.'J.vA -SO ? '.(W Clear W
S. L. Obippo... 82 4« .0ai u Cle*r W
Santa Mar4a..^>0T^8..^©0.rOeaR W
*o»a.... #5'^ VWliiClean ',....
¦S-ftntura - .. ,°4«- :&£_IO0 ".CUar— T
*22
*12
**8
**«
\iz
8
24
6
- *.:~iin *i&l..z^ *i~ .,;
• STATIONS.
? - -
2 ?=•! Ha"
I 2g 53
• 5 3 3 3 3
: c c
: • •
h
o
Astoria
Baker
Cersoa
Eureka
Fresno .
Flagstaff
Pocatello, Id.
Independence
Ltos Angeles.,
¦phoenix .....".
Portland ....
Red Bluff
lioseburg .....
Sacramento . .
Salt Lake
Kan Francleco.
Fan L. Obispo.
San Diego
Seattle
Spokane-
Neah Bay
Walla. Walla..
Winnemucca .
Yuma
.30.12 64 48
.29.04 82 54
62
.30.10 C2 M
.2«.7O 10S 64
.29.74 >S 52
..29.70 »2 60
2».78 U4 64
.29.S8 78 B8
.29.00 10S 70
.30.06 74 54
.29.78 »e 66
.30.04 74 48
.29.78 92 60
64
1.29.90 64 48
1.29.08 £2 46
.29.88 e2 68
.30.06 68 48
.29.86 76 54
.30.04 58 48
.29. 88 82 68
.29.78 00 62
.29.68 102 68
6W
KW
xw
w
6W
sw
SE
SW
w
NW
SE
8
W*
W
SW
w
BW
w
BW
ew
w
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Clear !66
Clear .00
Pt Cldy -.00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear ¦ 166
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Clear , .00
- Clear • .00
Cloudy' .12
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
STATIONS.
eg 33
2 3 3 3
c c
1 <»
3
|
•1
0 £
°5" £-
Chico »« 04 .00 Pt Cldy S
Cloverdale 95 50 .00 Clear ....
Cotaea ..83 63 .00 Clear ¦ ....
Eut*)ca C2 54 .00 Clear NW
Fresno... 108 &i .00 Clear W
VUJntmp ....... 10H 71 .00 Clear' ....
3iSlilf.fi' ....... 88 48 .00 Clear W
Jj^lfipeivjepjce .. »4 64 .00 Pt Cldy SE
S.'. \ traavre .... Ott 52 .00 Clear ....
I**; .*ji«ele*. ,- 78 C8 .00 Pt Cldy SW
3CapfcTvjr.iT... SO 55 .00 Clear S
Nf».'.Tusn ....»*. 102. ei .00 Clear ....
J'iJ<!mo ifAi..K>0 rC8 .00 Pt Cldy S
Portfcnrlllei..».105i;«l .00 Clear .7.."
Red BIuflfA«.s ft6.«a:'.00 Pt CTdy SE
RtTereiaB "7 ;-.v •" fi-3 53 -,00 Clear ... . "
Sacramento N." W - '00^ ".00 Clear B
«aa-Die^a:l*..>'*2 ''-68 V: T.'- Cl«udy SW
San Tnfntisco.'J.vA -SO ? '.(W Clear W
S. L. Obippo... 82 4« .0ai u Cle*r W
Santa Mar4a..^>0T^8..^©0.rOeaR W
*o»a.... #5'^ VWliiClean ',....
¦S-ftntura - .. ,°4«- :&£_IO0 ".CUar— T
*22
*12
**8
**«
\iz
8
24
6
- *.:~iin *i&l..z^ *i~ .,;
• STATIONS.
? - -
2 ?=•! Ha"
I 2g 53
• 5 3 3 3 3
: c c
: • •
h
o
Astoria
Baker
Cersoa
Eureka
Fresno .
Flagstaff
Pocatello, Id.
Independence
Ltos Angeles.,
¦phoenix .....".
Portland ....
Red Bluff
lioseburg .....
Sacramento . .
Salt Lake
Kan Francleco.
Fan L. Obispo.
San Diego
Seattle
Spokane-
Neah Bay
Walla. Walla..
Winnemucca .
Yuma
.30.12 64 48
.29.04 82 54
62
.30.10 C2 M
.2«.7O 10S 64
.29.74 >S 52
..29.70 »2 60
2».78 U4 64
.29.S8 78 B8
.29.00 10S 70
.30.06 74 54
.29.78 »e 66
.30.04 74 48
.29.78 92 60
64
1.29.90 64 48
1.29.08 £2 46
.29.88 e2 68
.30.06 68 48
.29.86 76 54
.30.04 58 48
.29. 88 82 68
.29.78 00 62
.29.68 102 68
6W
KW
xw
w
6W
sw
SE
SW
w
NW
SE
8
W*
W
SW
w
BW
w
BW
ew
w
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Clear !66
Clear .00
Pt Cldy -.00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear ¦ 166
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Clear , .00
- Clear • .00
Cloudy' .12
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
AUCTION SALES
fipANn
AUCTION SALE.
We Will Sell
30 head of WORKING and DRIVING HORSE3.
a lot of SECOND-HAND BUGGIES, CART9
and HARNESS; also one FINE BLACK
ROAD HORSE, RUBBER-TIRE BUGGY and
HARNESS: one fast PACING MARE, BUGGY
and HARNESSJ
Thursday, June 12, 11 a. m.
GROVE-ST. STABLES. GROVE ST., bet. Polk
and Van Ness ave.
SPECIAL AUJTION SALE
at
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST*
WEDNESDAY. June 11. at 11a.m.
I will sell 20 head of good WORK HORSES,
used by one of the largest concerns In the city:
also 5 sets of good double harness. 4 sets o£
single harness, 2 sets buggy harness; also 1
small wagon.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneer.
If you need a camp, express or peddling
wagon, cart, buggies, surrtes, harness or any
kind of a horse, from $1 up, be at 1140 Folaora
st., TUESDAY. June 10, 11 a, m.. and ba
made happy.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND. GENTLE HORSES a
also good second-hand rigs; 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; JUNE 10, 1902.
12
- - 5?OTTAGE_S _ TO LET.-- ¦ - ¦ -
TO let — Furnished cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
in Frultvale. For partlculara inquire at ticket
office. Frultvale Station. Box 332. Call.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FASHIONABLE dressmaker— MISS LAURA V.
CLARKE, 1123 Powell at; orders promptly
attended to. ; .
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
cortet-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
EDUCATIONAL department of .the Young
Men's Christian Association— Day classes;
small classes or individual instruction in
commercial, scientific and high ' school
branches; hours and terms may be arranged
with the educational director at the building.
.Night school — Students are admitted at any
time to the classes in stenography, type-
writing, arithmetic, bookkeeping, penman-
ship and steam engineering.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day andmlght 24 Post st, S. F..;
catalogue free. '
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions In March, 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
nets College. 1236 Market st '
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; referencea. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; -best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt
OTHER students, graduates -and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with. Golden
Gate Commercial College, 630 Golden Gate.
PIANIST (lady); good accompanist and Bight
. reader; deaires engagements; pupils required.
2755 Bush at. ¦ - .
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
¦ et., for their new catalogue; it la free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $60.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlona. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. .
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin & banjo taught In a
class; $1 mo.. 426 O'Farrell; phone Geary 662.
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st.
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CAL.I-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery at
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand,- typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve. ;" $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Poet st, S. F*.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
stae help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help. 624 Buah at; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A STRONG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day. Telephone MRS. NORTON. -313 Sutter at.
A GERMAN woman wishes place on ranch;
first-class cook. Apply to MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
TWO first-class laundresses, best of references,
wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter street.
YOUNG woman, first-class cook, wants place;
wages $35. Call at 169 Shipley at., Folsom
• near Fifth st.
A WOMAN wants a half day washing or clean-
ing-. Address 1414 Lyon st. near Sutter.
COMPETENT woman would like half day's
work, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
Address W., 106 Eleventh st
A WOMAN with references desires to be em-
ployed half days at washing or housework;
terms, 60c. Address Laundress, Call branch,
300 Hayes.
A YOUNG woman wishes situation; good cook,
and downstairs work. 319 Minna at.'
YOUNG girl wishes second work; wages $25;
no objection to country. Addresa 131 Wlldey,
off Stelner, bet. Bush and Pine.
TRAINED nurse with hospital and physicians'
references would accompany invalid to coun-
try or seaside resort for summer months;
terms very moderate. Box 353, Call.
AS companion, secretary or governess by young
lady fully qualified; references. Box 354, Call.
SWEDISH girl wants housework; wages $20 to
$25. Address Tuesday, Box 373, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED girl would like to have sltua-
tlon In a small family and will help take
care of children alao. 709 Ivy avenue.
AN EXPERIENCED, reliable young English
woman desires re-engagement, attend con-
finements, nurse sick, charge of Invalid;
charges reasonable; personal and written ref-
erences given. 1214A Mason at, phone Clay
217.- ~-
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing, housecleaning- or sewing:
$1 50 per day. 148 Sixth at., room 22.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. , ¦: -
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAlliater at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch qffice, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE."
YOUNG man, experienced, wants position with
surveyor or engineer. Box 347, Call office.
ELDERLY man, sober and reliable, desires sit-
uation aa gardener on private place, or any
light work. Addreas N. ANDERSEN.' 620
Washington at., room 19.
AkSTEADY.' reliable man, two yeara in present
position, desires work' in wholesale or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
fair wagea. • Box 393, Call office. - -
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener, to take cha'rge of big
place, either private or commercial; single;
good references. Address G. D. t box 272, Call.
WORK wanted by a man who Is partly em-
ployed; chores about house; handy with tools;
references; small wages. Addresa box 351,
Call office. •-.':
GERMAN, 1 aged 37, desires position . drlviDg
wagon or small truck; email wages; good
home; city. '1228 Market at, room 10.
POSITION wanted to cook for a small body of
men; good references. Box 4284, Call office,
Oakland '¦ -
DENTIST wishes a situation, or to take charge
of an office; a graduate; 12 yeara' experience;
good all-round man. Box 352, Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS florlat and gardener desires sit-
uation on private place or nursery; can give
good reference; 12 yeara In California.* Box
377, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a clean Doaition for
afternoons and evenlnga."' W. E. . C, 351C
Minna at. . ', ...
MAN with good recommendations and expe-
rience as clerk and storekeeper in Q. M.
Dcp't, U. S. Army, desires position. Box
396. Call. .
PRACTICAL engineer and machinist wishes
position . as engineer; city or country. Box
310. Call. • .
AN Industrious and straight man, German and
English speaking, wishes a position as car-
riage driver or gardener. , Box 321, Call.
'AN experienced boy wants position in drug
store to assist his boss; can apeak German.
French and English. '-. Box 318, Call. .
YOUNG man would like porter work or drive
delivery. Addreaa C. H., 629 Noe at
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsemenu and
subscript Ions has been established at "1096
Valencia at. ' ¦¦..¦. •;.¦..' •¦'¦--,'.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; atock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States : Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 320 Post.
HELP, WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY....... Main 5848 Phone
KJ4-636 Clay st-...
. .Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .
...Office o»en 7 a. m. .......••«••
..........50UO.R.- K. men wanted
....... . .FREE FAKK TO.
Salt Lake Division, Rokeby. Moleen, Iron
Point, Battle Mountain, PallBade, Fenton.
Wells, Carlin, Vista, Reno, Wadsworth, Elko.
.........Ship free-daily • •
600 teamsters ...800 laborers
200 laborers, concrete work; 65 scraper hold-
ers; 35 car dumpers, drillers and rockmen...."
.(....... ARIZONA
2 camp blacksmiths ; 10 teamsters. ".
, . ..-. .SANTA FE CO.'S WORK
3 35 laborers for cc's own work Ship daily
All above work....:.."..:
FREE FARE.
: .724 men^ . . . . :
48 different sawmill companies. . .....
SAWMILLS WOODS YARDS
724 men to - work in sawmill, woods and
yards, piling lumber, learning to run ma-
chines and make themselves useful: no ex-
perience required; you'll suit; wages $30 to
$65 and found •
. . .FARE . PAID
Experienced help' for sawmills. .. ....
• Circular sawyer, $85 and found; shingle saw
filer; shingle sawyer; 4- setters, $90; 6 log
loaders $55' and found, see boss here; shingle
packer, $52 and found; chain tenders. $45
.and found .;¦• •
MINES
ROCKMEN : LABORERS
33 miners, different mines $75 to $90
187 laborers, no experience required, to work
around mines. Wages $2 day, $40 and $50 & fd
10 drillers, city Job. $2 25; 18 drillers, near
city; 574 laborers for different city and coun-
try all counties;.. Wages $1 75 to $2 60 day
Get Our List — Ready at 7 a. m
MECHANICAL ..: :.. BLACKSMITHS
23 blacksmiths for different Jobs, $2 50 to
$3 60 day, $40 to $52 and found; 3 carpenters,
rough work, Nevada, fare returned. -$70;
' young man, some experience . at stone cut-
ting, $2 25 day; cooper, oil barrels, aee boss
here; wagon repairer, camp; pattern maker,
mine , machine works ; 23 brick molders
¦ '...' List of Jobs Ready 7 a. m.
MISCELLANEOUS
3 milk wagon drivers, Eastern men, $40 and
found; can washer, city depot, $30 and found;
hostler, private stable, $10 'week; boy to
learn blacksmith, trade; 10 stablemen, city
¦-and country; 'young man to learn creamery
' business; 6 men and wives, $40, $45 and $50
and found
HAY AND HARVEST....
' . : '..<-:.. FARMS AND DAIRIES
10 hay balers, big wages; 125 hay and har-
vest hands, $1 25, $1 50 and $2 day; 67 farm
hands, steady jobs, ' $25, - $30 i and $35 and
found; 50 choremen and choreboys. city and
country jobs. $15, $20, $25 and $30 and
found; 3 farmers and wives, $45 and $50 and
found; 53 milkers; 3 milkers, Nevada, fare
paid ;
HOTEL BUTCHERS .;;
15 cooks, city and country hotels and res-
taurants, $40, $45, $50 and $60 and found; 17
cooks for camps and ranches, $25 to $50 and
found; 2 cooks; hotels in Nevada, fare paid,
$50; 10 waiters, $25, $30. and $40 and found;
• 6 porters,- city and country hotels; dishwash-
er, summer resort, $25;- 17- other kitchen
hands: butcher, small institution, $30 and
found; 4 butchers, country shops, $35 and $40
and found ; .'..........
• .......Call and Get Our List of Jobs
.'......Ready at 7 a. m
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay at.
CAN waaher, $30 and found; milker and wife,
$60; 2 men and wives, private families, $50;
farmers and choremen, $25 and $30; 10 milk-
ers, $30 and $35; buttermaker, $35; 2 stable-
men, country, $30 and $35 and found; 2 buggy
washers, $30 and found and $2 a day; 6 boys
for laundry, $7 week; 6 boys for brick yard,
$1 25 day; 50 laborers and lumber pliers for
country mills, $2 day and S45 ind board; 6
teamsters, $60 month; driver fo.- milk wagon,
. $40 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 62? Sacramento at y
RANCH blacksmith, $40; ranch wheelwright,
$45; blacksmith helper 7or ranch, $40; Jobbing
blacksmith and shoer, $2 60 day and board;
• 2 blacksmith helpers, city, $2 to $2 25 day; 6
carpenters, country. $4, 'day; 3 carpenters,
city, $3 60 day; carriage smiths and painters;
setter for mill, and other mechanics. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
NURSE for old gentleman, $30 and found : but-
ler, $50 and found; restaurant cook, $70; 6
hotel waiters, country, $25 and $30 and found;
dlshwaahera, vegetable men, porters, elevator
boys and othera. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento at.
20 LABORERS and teamsters, $2 to $2 25 day.
free fare; 10 laborers for mine. $2 day; 10
laborers for quarry. $2 day, free fare;,Bur-
lelgh drill miner, $3 day; 6 single hand min-
ers, .$2 26 day, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO. .628 Sacramento at.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st. — Cook,
country hotel. $60; second cook, $70; cook's
. helper, $40; vegetable man for club. $30;
pantryman for club, $30; silver pantryman
for aprlngs, $22 50; waiter for aprlngs, $20;
waiter, near city, $40; plain waiter, $30;
dishwasher, no Sunday work. $7 a week;
extra kitchen hands; $1: and $1 60 day;
young man for bakery. $8 a week; young
man, printing office, $5 a week, etc.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12
Bell boy, $17 60; elevator boy. $25; chef. $75-
steward, $50; waiters, $30. J
DETECTIVES WANTED— Applications will be
received for positions as special detectives
and watchmen for Chinatown; monthly 8al-
ary $80; .must be experienced and capable;
good reference* and bond required; no others
need apply. Address Chinese Consul G»neral
San Francisco. • .. . ¦ ¦ *, . , (
MASTER Barbers — Regular meeting Master
Barbers' Association this evening, 8:30
o'clock, at 102 O'Farrell at: business of im-
portance. S. HELLER,
Secretary Master Barbers' Aasn. '
WANTED — 3 men to take ud timber land;
worth $500 in 70 days to right parties ; ex-
, pense $18; business legitimate. Address box
346, Call.
RESTAURANTS — Walters. cooks. porters,
dishwashers, kitchen help; no fee. 520 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Honest young man with $75 to
take cash and assist In restaurant: no ex-
perlence required. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
BOY In tlnshop to learn -trade; age 16 year«-
apply 7 to 9. 633 Mission at, S. F. -
WANTED— 2 good tinners and 2 boya to learn
tinners' trade. 22 Second st.
WANTED— Entry clerk; permanent position;
' ' good salary- Addreaa box 370, Call office.
LUNCH waiter wanted, 50c. 1224 Point Lobos
avenue.
WANTED — i colored men to sing In quartet:
must be Christians. Apply box 330, Call.
EXPERIENCED presser;; steady position to
good workman. The Hub, 132 Kearny st
COATMAKER wanted at GREENBERG &
CO.'S. Flood building.
TWO ,woodworkers wanted on carriage- and
wagon work. 843 Howard at. ' '¦
WOOL pullers wanted. WM. TAAFFE & CO.,
Fifth and Railroad aves., Butchertown.
BRIGHT, Intelligent office boy for large whole-
aale and retail establishment. Box 4620, Call.
A — CLERK and office man; must be a stenog-
rapher and typewriter and keep books. Ad-
dress A. B. C. box 230. Call office.
WANTED— Young man who Is a first-class
floor walker; atate age, experience and salary
expected. Addreas box, 374, Call office.
WANTED — An experienced wrapper about 17
. C^-^Warket^^^, 5 * * W P° D &
RESTAURANT waiters and bus boya as ex-
tras for Shriners' convention; no fee. 526
Montgomery at. - - .
WANTED — Reliable man In wine house tending
: bar and selling indoors; . German-speaking
preferred. 15 City Hall square, near Market.
WANTED— Pattern makers and millwrights.
Byron Jackson Machine Worka.- 625 Sixth at
GOOD young "man on floor for carriage and
wagon blacksmlthlng. 828 Harrison at.
WANTED— Good bushelman; steady place and
good wages. 308 Bush at.
E ? p J :RIB -v NCED miIk wa »on driver wanted at
1408 »/4 Devlsadero st. V
SHAVING parlors, cigar stand and email staT
tlonery store combined for sale at 304 Fourth.
WANTED— Good barber, at 44 O'Farrell et
YOUNG man to learn the restaurant business
Callafter 8 a. m.. 1005 Valencia at. BS *
WANTED— Good barber for Wed.. Sat and
Sun. Apply 517 Montgomery ave.
BARBER -wanted — Evenings, Sat' and Sun. •
ateady; union wages. 3083 Twenty-fourth st
WAITER or waitress at Cosmopolitan Fifth
- and Mission sts.:, . - .s. - .
WANTED — Tailoring In exchange for first-class
dental work. Box, 381, Call office.
COAT PRESSER at S. N. WOOD'S Factory.
'¦¦ 27 Geary at . -
BARBER— First-class; no other need apply.
638 Broadway; union shop.
YOUNG man an salesman In gents' furnishing
gooda. :635 Valencia st. ... A
$75 — WANTED— Steady man aa '¦' partner in
cigar store and laundry office; good transient
trade; full value in atock given; cheap relit
Particulars, cigar foctory, 257 4th,nr.FoIsom"
SALESMAN and atock clerk for hotel and
. bakery, tinware and household . goods In a
• large city store; state experience and wages
expected.- Box 364. Call. •... . ¦¦-.,-,.
MAN to help in kitchen; moderate wages. 2759
.Mission gt.*, ' , _ . ' • '. . -
BOARDING-HOUSE waiter wanted. 2021 Fol-
;:'. som at ; '- .,.-;> ->¦.,•:
STEADY- Job for flrat-class wagon blacksmith;
1 none other : need apply. J Call from 7 -to 9 p.
m.. 345 Jersey at.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets ; open
ectil 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRAN'CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street: own until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m. ;.'_<
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
Bstil i) p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1098 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. ¦
M. — No meeting this week. maX*
EDWIN L. MEYER, >JL/\
. Secretary. / '
AGENTS^ WANTED.
A GOOD chance for experienced agents. Apply
at once. Royal Portrait Co.. 143 Seventh st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
e&gee, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success ; established 16 yr».
O. W. HOWE, 650 Market at. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. Rooms
308-10-11, Clunle bldg.. 603 California st
ADVICE free; open every evening; Jow fees:
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. £19 Market at
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket tt; consultation free; -no fees in advance.
UICVCLES — For Sale or Exchanre.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing. Urea, belle. 301
Larkin. 305 Market 1968 to 1974 Page.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS cf all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $750; PARTNER wanted In manufacturing
business; article sold in every grocery store;
big money in sight Call B, G. WILKE,
2C Kearny st.
A — $250; OYSTER and chop house on Larkin
Et; rent $l(j; good location and good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»4 Kearny st
A— f650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny.
A — $550; CANDY, ice cream and notion store,
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a splendid loca-
tion and good paying business in Western Ad-
dltlon. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar. with II v-
ing-rooms: rent $42; best location on Leav-
en worth st; good paying. Call B, G.
WILKE. 26 14 Kearny st
Ai2G00; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent $75; a first-class paying- business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2(i>4 Kearny st
JOSEPH STRAUB.
A — Old-established wine house; large bar and
outside trade; horses wagon; owner retiring.
A — Country peddling outfit complete; good op-
portunity lor any one; full particulars of
route.
A — Old-established saloon near Hall of Justice.
A — Grocery and bar oa Mission st; owner go-
ing- in some other business.
A — Restaurant in vicinity of Mission and 16th
sts.; will be sold on account of departure.
A — Hotel in country town; stage depot for
springs.
A — Bakery and coffee saloon on business street
A — Butcher shop in the Mission; fine locality;
good trade; horse and wagon; large store.
A — Saloon in wholesale district; all right
Particulars, JOSEPH STRAUB. S50 Market
A — WE buy. sell or exchange all kinds of busi-
ness. STRAND & CO., 78 Third at
A— $300 — SALOON; rood trade; full value; 3
rooms; rent S15. STRAND & CO., 78 Third.
A— *150 — BRANCH bakery and delicacy sSre";
rent $10; 3 rooms. STRAND & CO.. 7S Third.
A— 20 CIGAR stores, £5 restaurants, 100 lodg-
ing-houses. For barsains see STRAND &
CO., 7S Third st.
DENTISTS— A fine opportunity to secure a
good practice: fixtures complete; fine offices;
desirable location; owner leaving the city
and will consider a reasonable offer.'
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st, bet. 5th and 6th.
$350 — PARTNER wanted in Market-st saloon;
clearing $150 a month. BROWN, 122t Mar-
ket st -
• $175 — CIGAR store; clearing $75 month- living
room furnished. BROWN & CO., 1221 Mar-
ket st ..
$450— RESTAURANT on Market st; clearing
$100 month; sickness. BROWN & CO. 1221
Market et.
A PATRON' invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; in less than
five months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends a£ his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against loss-
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for .years, and never a
lost; we accept accounts as low as $10- divi-
dend for week ending June 7, $4 bS- wirite
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
C15. Emma Spreckels building.
A— P. 6. DE LUCA & CO., 318 Kearny st.
phone Red 4S40. has the following bargains:
$250. partner, cashier, restaurant daily re-
ceipts. $25; $450. restaurant 25 tables 100
chairs, a snap; $600. saloon. Sixth st.,' rent
$2o. bargain; branch bakeries, all prices dif-
ferent parts city; cash customers waiting at
our office.
A — $200 — Money-making b. bakery,3 rms. $12 r
$125— Delicacy, grocery, bakery, 4 rms.. $15 r!
$300 — Candy, stationery, notions, 3 rms.. $20 r.
$250 — Variety store, 2 rooms $15 rent
Ask Hedges. 4Q1-4C2 Parrott bldg., 825 Market
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; $18
to $25 a week, with chance to make $35 in
ehort time; plain, steady man will find this
a chance worth taJilng. 25 Geary st, rm. 4.
A — 30 cigar stands, prices $75 to $2000; rents
$6 to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7 dally. At>k
C. L. Hedges. 4C1-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Mkt.
FOR sale; reasonable; patent of a first-class
liniment, with stock on hand. Call or ad-
cress MRS. A.. 415A Third St.. S. F.
TEA, coffee and crockery store with large
route; In splendid location: with 4 living
rooms. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
A — $750; candy and ice cream parlor. Room
809. »27 Market et. bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
SHERWOOD st.. 5, near Third and Mission —
Coal yard; 5 stalls; office bouse.
RESTAURANT worth $2500, in running order
will be sold at a gTcat sacrifice. 11 Mason.
PARTNER wanted with small capital in one
of the best saloon propoaitlons in San Fran-
cisco; must be willing to work. For partic-
ulars apply at 402 Kearny at., room 9.
SPECIAL bargain— Saloon, worth $500. for
$300; must be cold at once; party going- east
)3j^K^ f M. r rea! e* 1 ** 6 - Call or add. H. S..
602% Third st; no agents.
$8500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
ctreet clearing $650 monthly net; whole or
half interest; partner going to Europe: no
agents. Box 275. Call office.
$2000— HEALTH resort boarding-house in hills.
Placer Co.; 22 acres; timber, house and tents
frnshd. ; spring, well; 300 bearing fruit trees;
stables. 1 horses, wagon, cow, calf. 357, CalL
BUTCHER shop at your price on eaey terms -
fine fixtures; horse and cart; grood cash trade
Business Board Trade. 320 Pine et
FOR SALE— Established 30 years; bakery- on
account of death. Apply Call office. '
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call
16 paces, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGIXG-nOESES FOR SALE.
SUNNY corner house, 17 rooms; Geary et "
rent $77 00; piano, silverware. One furniture-
owner must sell; easy terma; genuine bar-
gain; $l~U0.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
> 917 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
I first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
\ times; bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
fpection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St., bet 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
A— CALL. WE CAN SUIT "SOU.
30 rooma; first-class; north of Market. .$2400
20 rooms; clearr- ?60.::.......irr.r.~.;... 200
18 rooms; just listed .- 650
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 2200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... 1300
100 rooms; clears $G00 0500
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
IK>6 Market cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
3 0 rooms; clears $40 $500
11 rooma; clears $30. ...$350
8 rooms;; clears $30...*.... ....$390
And other bargains. 842 ; Howard et. ¦
A— $C00; LODGING-HOUSE, 20 rooms, 30
beds; rent 120; best location on water front
Call B. O. WILKE. 2G'4 Kearny st
l^MBfc— Hi— iirThii r wt "jtiiufci .IT i^ .,11*111 mannim—i inHi^Am Hi^MBi^L^M
LODGING HOUSES FOR. SALE— Con.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market at
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices. In all parts cf the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; g/od renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market st. upstairs, near Call Building.
A — big — free — list — at — my— office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $0500
300 rooms; corner house; for men G000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms; rent very" low; bargain (500
40 rooms; -man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 pet cent
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market at— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We' furnish vacant houses and
Lo«n money at lowest ratea.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
* 850 Market st and 8 Stockton- st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
eult you: have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts
of city. Money loaned, 1% per cent.
SNAP — $2600; 30-room house; rent $65; $1500;
37-room house, rent $50; good furniture; first-
class location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st.
FLAT, 6 rooms; nicely furnished; all new; only
few doors from Market st. ; rent $30 per mo. :
.will sell reasonable if taken at once. 11
Sixth at; no agents.
ROOMING-HOUSE, elegantly furnished, 62
rooma; hot and cold running water; elevator;
lease 5 years; rent $250; cash price $5000.
• The Falmouth. 1049 Market at
LODGING-HOUSE, nicely furnished; rent $40;
worth $1000; clears $100 a month; sell for
$800. Call at 149 Fourth st
9-ROOM house, all light, all rented; neatly
furnished ; must be sold: case of -sickness.
266 Minna Bt ; call between 1 and 3 p. m.
$175 — 7-ROOM house: good furniture; good lo- k
cation. Inquire 765 Market at, room 2.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama at ; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet- cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karl son Karpet Co— Cleaning 3'^c yd upholster-
ing. 1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet cleaning.
411-413 Powell st, phone Bush 421.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: teL Mission 74.
COLLECTION pJI^Cggr*
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY. 1052~Eins™sT^"~near Franklin"
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights, BOc; psychic seance Mon. and Wed.
nights. 25c; readings dally; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed let-
ters read, 10c; prophetic readings; ladles, 50c.
132 Sixth at. ¦
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader; sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell st. nr. Gough; Ellis car.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
W.G.KEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Sat: 10c; sittings daily. 14S 6th st
C V. MILLER'S trumpet materializing seance
to-night: 8 o'clock; 50c. 1084 Bush st i v. '
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
> habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I PROF. PAUL DESTINE,"
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life. His Information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and
family affairs, business transactions, mining:.
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful: he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful In business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time -has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled the
physician's skill cured "without medicine;
there is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this inspired
man ortnodern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
• "Palmistry Taught. Medlumlstlc Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from; $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
326 O'FARRELL STREET 32C
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how-to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25o '
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market at.,
cor. Turk; private .readings daily. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c — SPECIAL. $1 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice 6n
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and apeedy marriages; 10 to 8 daily.
1010 Mission st. near Sixth. ¦ .: .'
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second eight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies5Oc,
gents$l; palm, and clair. alt $1 50. 126 Turk.
" ARRIVED— ARRIVED.
PALMERO, the Wonder, clairvoyant and palm-
ist has arrived and is now located at 993 Mar-
.ket; office 4; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. daily.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. J.
MYERS, postofflce box 2224, San Francisco.
MKS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
at. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st, clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
ADVICE on love and all business affairs; read-
ings daily. MME. J. J. LYONS, 1016 Mar-
ket st, rms. 8-9; hrs. 10-5 daily; Sun., 11-1.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and balm. ;
she has second eight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; L. 50c; G. $1. 217 Eddy st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life, fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 60c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant' . and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. - 125 Turk st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
Mra. Reynolda, the noted life reader, gives full
life readlnga for $1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
MRS. S. EHRN, clairvoyant and palmistry.
25c up. 1427 Ellis st, near Buchanan.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
_^,^ //¦ DENTISTS^
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices In S. F. ;
painleHs extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS. Preu., 969 Mission at. SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. ¦¦ •
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market cor
. 4th. r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done paln-
lt-tsply; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
1 tp; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
\ -9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager!
1 EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk at, cor Mason—
» Rxpert painless extractors; skilled operators-
gas given: lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.E.. proprietor and manager.-
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5. full set: all vrork ;.ainle«s and war-
J ranted. ¦ Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
j '¦ Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c
. BET of teeth without platr. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk at
FLATS < TO ' LE'K
NEW flats". Just completed, cor. Noe and Eliza-
beth; 6 rooms; modern Improvements; gas
and electricity; convenient to 24th and Castro
j st. . cars; unfurnished. | .(•¦•"•.- ¦'.•''
AT, 1166 Ellis st, sunny aide, modern in every
way. 8 rooms and bath. $50. - SPECK &
CO., 667 Market at. . ! ,
4 roms,' Page 'at.V...$15f8 rooms.' Jackson et.$35
6 rooms Centralav. 20lPolk & Clay, 7 rms. 50
SPECK & CO. . - 667 Market at
A — CONVENIENT to downtown ;. flat of 7
rooms and bath; 1219A Geary at. SPECK
& CO., 667 Market at.
A — TWO cozy 4 and 5 rooms, bath, down-
town, $21 and $23; put In order to suit. 316/
and , 318 Myrtle ave., near Franklin st. /
CARL, 256, near . Stanyan, 7 rooms; new,
cheap; basement. and yard. , :
HARRISON, 666— Upper flat 4 sunny rooms
and bath; no children.
NEW flat to let; 6 rooms and bath. 1702B
Sacramento Bt, near Polk. "¦ •
$12— 299B SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Sunny flat;
5 rooms, bath, gas, yard. ' —
TO^ LET— -FURNISHED.
TO let— Furnished flat of 6 rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low. . Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock at 79 South Park. / ¦ •
FURNISHED flat 4 rooms; Golden Gate view.
1233 Vallejo at., third door from Hyde car.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517--4 rms.:bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 60; 1 to 4.
MCALLISTER, S8— Sunny flat of 5 rooma; new-
ly furnished. '
VALLEJO, 1608, near Van Ness ave.— Furnlah-
ed flat; 6 rooms and bath; call morning. .
COMMODIOUS, sunny, corner 7-room flat; ele-
gantly furnished. 1800 Sutter st. T
FPBJtI ?3* R ?jj L. F £ R , s AIjB<
FINE furniture of modern flat for sale; flat
for rent very cheap.. 8983 Twenty-flfth at, nr.
Sanchez; call to-day. ¦ - ¦.-¦'.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. 6. J. • WAUGH. r. 416, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1364.
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in • making over
furniture and- mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell at; tel. Bush 421.
GLOVES. ;
TRY Danicheff .One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP 'WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses. -Santa Cruz, -fare one way.. $25
Waitress, springs , Napa County $25
Waitress, springs. Sonoma- County $25
100 waitresses, . springe, resorts, country
hotels ...$20-$25
Chambermaids, cooks, laundresses
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
20 houseglrls. different country and resort
places, $20-$25, fares paid, all country places;
- houseglrls, nurseglrls, second girls, cooks, all
over the city, $10-$25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 429 Bush at, opposite California Hotel,
between Kearny at. and Grant ave. .
WANTED— 10 waitresses for aprlngs, $20-$25,
fare here? 4 cooks, $25-$30; housekeper. city,
$25; 4 second girls, • city ¦¦ and country, $25;
housework, Los Gatos, $25, see party here;
lunch waitress, woman and child, $20; nurse
girl, $20. to go to springs; governess, $25: 15
hotel and restaurant -waitresses, $25-$30;
chambermaid, $15; kitchen help. $20 and
found; second cook for sanitarium, $25; -84
girls, general housework, city and country,
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES, first-class apringa and moun-
tain resorts, $25; 3 waitresses, resorts, near
city, $25; 18 waitresses, different springs and
resorts, $25 and $20; 3 waitresses, same com-
mercial hotel, $25; 14 waitresses, city, $25
and $20. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary at.
PANTRY woman, springe, $20. MRS. M. E.
DAY. 335 Geary st. ,
A LAUNDRESS for private family, country, 3
months, $35; free fare both ways; aee party
here. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
A — HOUSEKEEPER, $25; woman to cook for
5 men, $25; cook, $30; 2 second girla $25
each; nurse girl, $20; cook, one in family,
. $25; ranch cook, $25; housegirl, $30; cook,
small boarding-house, $35; 50 housework
girla. good wages. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st. >-. :¦ .: - ¦¦ > ¦--,¦-* ¦ O .....,,.,. , ,
WANTED — A good natured young Rlrl; plain
cooking and housework; 4 in family; no
washing; no windows; every Sunday off from
. 1 p. m. ; $15 per month. . 301 Jones st.
A BRIGHT young lady for clerical work In
wholesale house; accuracy, with figures and
good penmanship required. Box 348, Call.
WILL. teach a few smart girla on ladles' silk
Iand woolen waists; good pay; steady work.
SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO.. 523 Market at.
WANTED — Flrat-class hairdresser and mani-
cure; also apprentice wanted. Apply at
HALE BROS. vv t
WANTED— Girl for upstaira work, waiting and
eewing; reference required. Apply between
10 and 12 at 1392 Geary at.
WANTED — First-class waitress; work 6 days
per week; wages $8 per week. Breuss Cafe,
70 Third at. V
GIRL wanted to work in tailor 8hop; good
wages. 883 Halght at., near Devlaadero.
WANTED— A young girl to do housework. Ap-
ply 18 Chattanooga at. near Twenty-flrat.
WANTED — Young lady or woman to aaslet In
restaurant. 2881 Sixteenth at. , ;
WAITRESS wanted. 657 Clay st
WANTED— A girl to do light housework;
please atate terms. Box 240, Call office.
EXPERIENCED box makers. -STUPARICH
MFG. CO.. 147 Fremont at. - -
YOUNG lady for general office work; must be a
good penman. Box 375, Call. ;
A GOOD conversationalist to teach and train
employes.* Box 376. Call.
NEAT y° un S girl for upstairs work and sew-
lng. 2520 Vallejo st.
GIRL for general housework. 1629 McAllister
street. v -
WANTED— Girl for general housework; plain
cooking. 3823 Nineteenth at. near -Church.
WANTED— Young lady to do office work; atate
reference. Address N. A., box 350,-Call.
GIRL for general , housework. Apply 2651
Howard at., between 22d and 23d.
GIRL for flight housework and care of child.
Apply 2431 Mission st.
A YOUNG girl for general housework; small
family; need not cook:, 1831.Eddy.st
EXPERIENCED aalesladles In corsets, veil-
ings and hosiery. Box 382, Call.
WANTED— A. middle-aged woman for cooking
and light housework. Apply 613 Pacific 8t.
GOOD girl to help in dining-room. Capital
Restaurant, 206 McAllister at. y
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS ¦ WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF. CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; . STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI ; STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS and a number of bright girla will
be taken for Instruction on overalla, with a
?A ated /mount guaranteed to beginners,
standard Shirt Factory, cor. . Gough and
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes (I p.m. Wednesday; salary no object.
GIRL8.' be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; hairdresslng.
manicuring, massage, hairwork taught In 2
weeks; price $4 50; employment guaranteed;
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-16.
LADIES to learn barber trade: only two
months required; special offer this month;
halrdresSlng taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay at.
Halrdreaslng, manicuring, mausage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position In stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. claaaea. 1236 Market r. 94.
OPERATORS, ' experienced ; also . learners.' paid
while learning. G.' W. REYNOLDS' ; Muslin
Underwear Factory,- 697 Mission at., cor. 2d.
EXPERIENCED operators on~wool and silk
walats; apprentices to aew on buttons; good
pay. San Francisco Mfg. Co.. 623 Market st
OPERATORS and ¦ finishers ¦ on genf s white
ahlrta. ROGERSON'S, . 635 Valencia Bt. : .
WANTED— Finishers on coats. .8. N. WOOD
& CO., 27 Geary, at . .. '
A— SHIRTMAKERS > and finishers. L EAGLE-'
SON & CO.. 535 Market st
.WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom . at. ¦ . - , ' '.'.- '.• ¦'¦'.' ¦-.:; .
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
day , and even, class. - 143 ; Stockton, ¦ room 13.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CbII branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
-HELP-- WANTED — MALE— Con.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
69 3d at, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
. ....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....'
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free Fare Free Fare
Office fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters.......... $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE.... FREE FARE
Mendoclno County Big Sawmill
50 railroad laborers. .$26 per month and" board
12 sawmill and woodsmen *.
o't^dV^^ 6 to * 65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
•••;•••• FOR SAWMILL V.V~
10 lumber pliers... .$40 per month and board
Pond man $60 per month
HAY HANDS HAY HANDS
20 hay hands, big ranch. $1 25 per day and
board
10 men for haying. $1 25 to* $1* SOper'day* and
board
Milker. 21 cows. $32 50* per month* "and" board
3 milkers $35 per month and board
o experienced women to pack fruit....:
.. LABORERS— BIG CITY JOB
25 men, board at home, $2 per day
.Woman with one child to cook for 8 per-
sons on ranch, $25 per month; 2 sack sew-
ers, harvester, $2 per day; man and wife,
man for general ranch work, ! wife to cock
lor 5, $50 per month; camp cook. 40 men,
has helper.' $40 per month.
•*•— PAC. EMPLOYMENT AG'CY 638 Clay st
•• Phone Main 119l"
60 railroad men for Contra Costa County.
S. P. Co.'s own work Ship to-day
100 railroad men S. P. Co. '3 own work
FREE FARE.. .COAST DIVISION.. .FEE $1
600 teamsters, concrete men, rockm<»n and
steam ahovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 50
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, Battle Mountain.
Reno. Telegraph Point and Carlln Fee $1
32 laborers for mines, north $2 per day
45 laborers and miners, south.. $2 to $2 50 day
15 quarrymen. free fare $2 per day
4 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co... $2 50 cord
2 men to clear land, Santa Cruz County....
....$30 per acre
7 tanbark men for Will! ta.... 545 and found
14 men for Napa County $2 per day
5 tie swampers, Mendocino Co... $35 & found
3 tie sledders, Mendoclno Co.... $40 & found
7 tlemakers. Mendoclno Co 12c to 18c
SO men. city work $2 per day
3 - milkers, country, aee boss here $35
6 boys, factory work. . . .$6 to $7 60 per week
6 teamsters, near city $2 per day
4 carpenters $3 50 'per day
-7 .waiters $20 to $40 and found
v9 cooks $25 to $60 and found
6 dishwashers $18 to $25 and found
Many other positions. Call and read our
bulletins.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush at
....Between Kearny at and Grant ave....
Opposite California Hotel
New Railroad Work
We ship to all points in State of Nevada on
.C. P. reconstruction work
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, scraper
holders and loaders, machine men and help-
ers $2, $2 25. $2 50 and $3 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
2000 tunnelmen, y drillers, muckers and out-
Bide laborers $1 75 to $3 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st
WANTED — By a large manufacturing concern
In Seattle, Wash., a first-class foreman
blacksmith; a young, progressive man pre-
ferred; must have wide knowledge of all
classes of blacksmith work, light and heavy,
and above all he must be a good handler of
men, familiar with drawings -and of fair edu-
cation. Address, stating full qualifications,
reference and monthly salary expected P.
5 O- box 319. Seattle. Wash.
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs; good location;
parties going In wholesale business; $150.
Box 498, San Jose, Cal. •
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wls.
WANTED— For U. S. army, abiebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
'of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and writs
English. For Information apply to Recruit-
Ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery st, San
Francisco, or Masonic building. Sacramento.
PANTS maker tor country. Apply REIS3
BROS.. 24 Sutter at
Al SALESMAN by wholesale coffee and spica
business, for Humboldt, Coos Bay and Men-
doclno counties; none but experienced men
and acquainted with above counties need
apply. Address box 334. Call office.' -v
WANTED — Recruits for the marine. corps. U.
8.. navy; abiebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; -able to epeak and read English. For
¦ further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
3 tlon counter; state experience, salary and ref-
' erences. Box 213. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shops and rooming-houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yoaemite Towel
Supply Co.. 708 McAlliater; phone Kate 26.
WANTEI3 — Man and wife with $150 for. milk
depot; $60 month. BROWN. 1221 Market
600 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 6 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 id.
WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co.
WANTED*-Man who understands the florist
business. 600 Hnight at
WANTED — Young men to learn' barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard at
PENSION atty.. E. A. Builis. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
BOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th. ;
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. .23 Stenart st'
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25o
~ to 60c 663 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.* 663 Mission at., bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at. near Mar-
. ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from terry.
HORSES AND WAGONS. ,
FIFTEEN sound, well-broken, all-purpose
horses, including four well- matched teams:
fit for grocery and delivery wagons; guaran-..
teed as represented. Occidental Horse Ex-
change, 246 Third st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth at; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 «. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
YOU can find what you want In the horse line
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
st. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange. 246 Third at.
Ean Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — 1 horse, weight 1200 or 1300; 1
wagon. 3 spring; 1 buggy. 5935 -Mission st
TWO second-hand business buggies; also top
road buggy. 1370 Turk at
WANTED — Surrey in good order; upholstered
in leather preferred. Box 4288, Call office,
? Oakland. . .
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. ISth&Valencta.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
lng wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GUERRERO. 1507. near 27th — 7 rooms and
bath: nice yard; stationary wash tubs; reas-
onable. :¦•..'-..,
SHOTWELL. 708 — 7 100ms. bath, stable, large
yard; rent $25; water extra. '
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
EXTRA fine ) residence for sale; or will rent
completely furnished; 9 large sunny rooms
with bath and laundry; large yard front and
back, with flowers and shrubbery; a very
fine home on Ashbury Heights. Inquire on
¦premises. 721) Ashbury st.
FURN. or unfurn., not leas than 1 year; or will
sell at sacrifice; elegant home. 12 sunny rms
bath, two kitchens, adapted. for 'two families-
lot 80x114; . garden; fine view; reasonable-'
Mission warm belt 120 Liberty, near 20th."
FURNISHED house, 2 months: 8 rms. modern
comfortable: piano; phone; Ashbury Heights!
WM. GORDON GRIFFITH. Hearst btdg
HOUSES TO LET— COUNTRY.
MENLO~lFliTpa1!£>^
bath: furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary!
FURNISHED HQUSES-COUNTRY.
FINE residence of ten - roomsTfurnished. "and
?£v k-Si t Sa V A v Selmo: late residence of
SEXBomrK >. Mo , nt K°n»ery st.-or
axiJ^a.. .bouick, San Anselmo.
V *t'5>gy^AXD'; FOPXP.
BLACK cocker" spaniel 'dog. slightly lame.
Please return to 504 Guerrero st and be re-
. warded. .¦-,- , , •,-..,» •
LOST— May 5. black. terrier dojfv. white spot on
breast; cripple hind leg; $5 reward. NAGLE.
304 Van Ness ave. '« <"¦* - ' •' ''¦• ¦ V ¦
LOST— June 9, Mystic Shriner** badge, largei
Return headquarters, 713 Market; reward 310.
LOST — Diamond locket on DevUadero st: in-
ltial 3 J. E. D. Reward 2918 Washington bt
i FOUND — On corner Pine and Sansome, bunch
of 7 keys. Call DIXON. 214 Pine st.'rtn. 3.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and sliver to make r»w watch pas«><i. c;-
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter, 712 Mission ;tel.Maln 730.
MEDICAL. .
A — ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWYEft
will be glad to know she has returned to San
Francisco and opened offices for the relief
of those suffering from rheumatism, paraly-
sis, morphine or liquor habits. Those con-
sulting her will be assured of careful and
honest treatment Consultation and advica
free. Private home for patients. Hours. 10
to 12 a. m.. 2 to 5 and 7 to 3 p. m. Sundays
by appointment only. Phcne Jessie 2131.
Entrance to offices. 1504 Market st.. rooms
25 to 28. City Hall square. Over Good Fel-
lows' Grotto. ¦ " ' \-
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special.
1st — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O*DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt, op. 8th.
A— DR. ROSEX: this specialist exercises th«
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladles, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007 V» Market at.
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant . relief guaranteed; home la
confinement; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market st. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH — Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home la
confinement Moved to 728 Post st.. nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
- 1st; maternity hospital; home for Infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st. nr Mkt
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls]
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated) '
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. S Flood bid*.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1128 Market.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MINING.
SMALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the start: only small capital required: easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY, 13*
Montgomery at.. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mela.-*
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. ¦ ~*
750 to 1000 new & second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
, COLLEGE Kennels has foxhounds, spitz, cock-
er and fox terrier pups, and dogs of all
descriptions; also Angora kittens: will sell
at sacrifice. 115 Haight. phone Felh 6811.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Col lender Co.. 652 Mission.
RINGS — Diamond sapphire $125. cameo pearls
(rare) $45, 5-stone diamond hoop $45. Monday
and Tuesday, 1 to 7 p. m., room 38. 102 Ellis.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale 1 st
; FOR SALE — Honey bees. 230 Lee avenue.
EXTRA fine tents at half price or for rent H
E. SKINNER & CO.. 41g Market st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia st. cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 48. Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-42.1 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes,
any condition. Farnaworth Electrical Wks.-
185 Jessie st. ¦¦•_- ¦ ¦¦• ..-; ,
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins 1
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stone*
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at : tei. Jessie 2881.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bide
$4,600,000 at less than bank rates....*"
„ ..LOANS MADE .., .
.......On first and second mortgages... ...^
....... ...Life interests in estates ...„
Property being held In trust m
......Undivided Interests in real estate.....*
........Estates in probate — Legacies.......*
Assignment of rents...........*
Life Insurance policies .„
..Financial problems of all sorts and tlMs.*
If you need money ......~*
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-602 Examiner building *
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest ratss.
Deal direct with lender. j
On first mortgages. ; *_ * [
On second mortgagesu "jjfeii
On third mortgages. -nM
On undivided Interests la real esUU*. £ .. J
On estates in probate. SSi
On legacies. ITr.'J
NO DELAY. "
Telephone Main 1518.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room a.
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room la.
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE B. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 323 Montgomery »t.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of Interest
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 849
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary at; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount'
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary at., room 3$!
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
«.„», „.„„„...„,, . People on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terma; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos.
¦ furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal:
no com. ;strlctly confidential. Tel.Black 1 52ti">-
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially: lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott b:g-
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
"i nT «£ m °. UI \ t: "° west rate; goods In warehouse; .
confidential. . ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery sL •"•
LOWEST, rates on furniture, etc.- by prlvat»
party; no removal; no commission; conft»!en-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
"^IVATE party loans $10 up. oa. .pianos, furn .
without removal; conflden. 905 Market *¦ &
ON * u r? Uure ' Pianos; lowest rate: no removal:
strictly private. E.W.LJCK/lie McAllister st
Z \£* f urnitur« & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black- 1700; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
M S5f7 loane<1 salaried- people without security.
HILL, r. 447. Merchant!' Exc 431 California.
ON E^per cent on furniture: $3 a month on eaeS
•1000; any Security. 30S Montgomery st. r « *MONDAY, June 9—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice ...... 02 03
Alta ........ 05 07 Kentuck ..... 01 02
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash.. — * 04
Belcher 15 16 Mexican 48 50
Best & Belch. 12 13 Occidental ... IS 20
Bullion 02 03 Ophir ..1 20 1 25
Caledonia ... 83 85 Overman ..... 28 29
Challenge Con 13 14 Fotosi 30 31
Chollar 14 15 Savage 12 14
Confidence ... 63 66 Scorpion ' — 04
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 35 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nev... .15 17
Con New Yrk — 02 Silver Hill . . 48 47
Crown Point. 05 06 St. Louis .... 06 -«-
Eureka Con.. 18 •— Syndicate .... ; — 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con ... IS 19
Gould & Cury 08 09 Utah ;. 01 02
Hale & Nor.. 35 38 Yellow Jacket 19 20
Julia .-...,...—. 04 ..... , -: . ,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 15 500 Justice 03
200 Best & Belch. 13 200 Occidental ... 19
200 Caledonia .... 95 100 Ophlr 122%
200 Caledonia .... 91 200 Overman .... 30
100. Caledonia .... 96 300 Fotosl 30
200 Challenge Con 1& 400 Silver Hill .. 48
200 Chollar 14 1400 Silver Hill ... 47
100 Con C & V.I 32% 1200 Silver Hill ... 46
500 Crown Point. Oti 200 Union Con ... 19
Pollards Join Band of Mercy.
Mrs. Charles Holbrook, wife of the Sec
retary of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, formed the forty
two members of the Pollard Juvenile
Opera Company Into a band of mercy at
tl'e Windsor Hotel yesterday. • The chil
dren all promised to prevent cruelty to
animals so far as shall lie in their power
.and to try to found other similar bands
v.hen they shall return to Australia.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
A short time ago the Secretary of the
Treasury inaugurated- a new system of
handling samples of the teas shipped
through this port from the Orient. Hith
erto it had been the practice for the tea
examiner to select the samples out of the
packages and have them sent to the Ap
praiser's store. Under the new regulation
the importer or consignee is obliged to
select the samples.: This entails consid
erable labor and time, and in consequence
all the tea firms in the city have pro
tested against the new order of things,
and have prepared a petition requesting
the Secretary of the .Treasury to restore
the old regulation. Collector Stratton and
Appraiser Dare have recommended a re
turn to the old system.
Tea Importers Dissatisfied.
It is- reported that Seal Island buoy, , Sulsun
Bay. California, a first-class spar, black. No.
3, has drifted about three-quarters of a mile
out of position toward Roe Island light station.
¦and is about 100 feet out in the channel. It
will be replaced in Us proper position as soon
as practicable.
I his notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1902, page 27. -
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. B. MILTON,
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
SUISUN BAY— CALIFORNIA.
Willapa Bay, channel to Nahcotta, page 71.
Oysterville Channel buoy No. 3, a black third
class can. heretofore reported adrift, was re
placed May 6 on its station on the E. side of
the channel. (L, H. B. bulletin No. 128, par.
74).
Budd Inlet and Olympia harbor, page - 80."
Olympia buoy No. 2, a red third-class nun.
heretofore reported adrift, has been replaced
on its station.
Rosarlo Strait and Obstruction Passes, Wash
ington Sound, page 84. Boulder Reef buoy No.
2, a red . second-class nun, is reported June 2
as having gone adrift from Its position. It will
be replaced as early as practicable. '" '.;*¦'
By order of the Lighthouse Board. '
W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
WASHINGTON,
Columbia River, channel from Walker Island
bar to, Martin Island, page 61. Cottonwood
Island shoal buoys Nos. 1 and 3, black first
class spar buoys, have been discontinued dur
ing the continuance of the present freshet in
the Columbia River.
Columbia River, channel across St. Helen's
bar to mouth of Willamette River, page 63.
Reeder Crossing buoy No. 1, a black first-class
spar, has been discontinued during the con
tinuance of the present freshet in the Colum
bia River.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON,
64. ' Postofflce bar buoy No. 2, a red, first
class spar, has been discontinued during the
continuance of the present freshet in the
Willamette River.
NOOSE ENCIRCLES
NECK OF MINER
Cool Coues»1 Averts a
Lynching in Shasta
County.
Men of Kennett Attempt to
Summarily Punish a
Wife-Beater.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. June 9.— That there was not'
a lynching at the Shasta King mine of
the Trinity Copper Company, near Ken
nett, on Saturday afternoon was due less
to the tearful appeals of the victim than
to the sober intercession at a critical mo
ment of men whose advice was listened
to. by the half-frantic mob of miners. The
man who almost paid the death penalty
for his inhuman cruelty was a wife
beater. . ¦- ¦-.-¦;»;..
Some months ago a. miner named Fidler
went to the Shasta King to work. He was
accompanied by his wife and his 10-year
old daughter. They occupied a cabin near
the mouth of the main tunnel. Occasion
ally Fidler has been getting intoxicated,
and when in that condition he was said
to be very abusive to his wife and daugh
ter. Fidler was intoxicated on Saturday
when he went to his home. His wife and
daughter were heard to cry out, and pres
ently the little girl ran out screaming.
Her face was bleeding where the brutal
father had struck her. Fidler was then
engaged In inflicting punishment upon
his wife. He Is said to have beaten and
bruised her severely.
Word was passed up to the mine and a
crowd of Infuriated miners gathered. A
miner who is in Redding to-night declares
that the mob booted the brutal husband
into his sober senses and then some on»
produced a rope. A slip noose was made,
thrown over Fldler's head and drawn,
snug about his throat. He prayed ana
begged to be spared.
Two or three cool-headed men came
upon the scene at this moment and so
earnestly counseled the leaders to hesitate
that they finally let the trembling miner
go with a threat. He probably will get
out of the county.
TWO MEN ABE ftTT.LFJ)
IN A LIGHTNING STORE!
Several Dwellings Are Badly Dam-
aged and the Property losses
Will Be Considerable.
COLUMBUS. Ga., June 9.— A heavy
wind and thunder storm passed over this
city last night, causing the death of two
men, perhaps fatally injuring a third and
doing considerable damage to property.
The dead: • • '
J. J. WILLIS, carpenter.
LOUIS McLAIN.
The injured: M. C. Cochran.
Willis was struck by lightning while
standing under a tree in company with
Cochran. The same bolt killed McLain.
who was Just across the river in Phoenix
City.
Several dwellings were struck by light
ning or unroofed by the storm.
Lightning Strikes Crowded Building.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., June 9.— During: tha
graduation exercises of the Odell (Nebr.)
High School at the First Methodist
Church lightning struck the edifice, de
molishing a tower and rendering: several
spectators and graduates unconscious.
The building was soon anre and the lives
of many people were in peril. A largo
tank of water afforded prompt and effect
ive means of extinguishing the flames.
It Is believed no deaths will result, al
though several women were removed from
the church to their homes, suffering se
verely from shock. ¦¦>r-\
Notice to Mariners.
Notice Is , hereby given . of tha following
changes in the ' aids to navigation In this dis
trict ' which ¦ affect the • List , of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast; 1002. , .
OREGON.
Taqulna' Bay, channel to upper, end of mid
dle ground, page 48. , ¦. South end of reef buoy
No. 1, a black first-class can, heretofore re
ported adrift,- was replaced May 16 on Its sta
tion v. about •¦ one-quarter mile 8. ".by W. from
the end of the reef. (L. H. B. bulletin No.
130, par., 120.) -'. .< ,¦ v . .. . •¦
- Willamette River,: channel to Portland, | page
A R Sutherland, Denvr H M Lambert, S Mateo
J E Waterbury, Cal A Frederlckson, Siiisun
John Allmen. Cal W M Davis, Oakland
E Laul, St Louis. Mo J P Spencer, Neb
T H Badollet, ' S P Co H Brosman, Eureka
T R Heustls&w, Tex Miss Alice Roden, Cal
Robt Heustis, El Paso C W Alday & w .Ohio
p H .'Armsdell, N Y, Miss L Kldus, Ohio
P J E Whiteslde, : N Y Capt James. Ohio
W R Davis, St Joseph C C Paddock, wife &
P BUna, 1 Los Angeles • son. Dayton, Ohio
J Rudel, San Gabriel WE Miller & w, Mich
Henry Galtz, Sn Qabrl MrsJ K Earl&dau.Mch
NEW WESTERN | HOTEL.
HOTEL ABRIVAIA
THE SM FRANUISCO ; GALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1902.
13
MONEY TO LOAN-— -Coittinnea.
CASH loaned ealarled people on ' not* . without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money'on salary; no indorser: Eastern
Plan. Western Loan Co.. 30» Phelan bldg.
SUM* »»< l>5»'i'»*l MEM'S.
ALL makes and trades handled; largest va-
riety and largest etock. Special bargains, all
uprigiits: r~
3 Steinway' $93 to $280
2 Knabe- $85 to $110
3 Weber $65 to $150
2 Fischer - $75 to $155
1 Uouine $40
Ovo-fOOO Heine pianos in E. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
C-' HEINE PIANO CO
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary 'st.
ALTKOt'GH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way ot prices
and tenr.s upon pianos, please bear tn mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
eesortmem of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealer!
cor. Keamy and Sutter 6ts.. 8. P.- Broadl
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. oroaa
AS a special offer this week we will mark down
the price of a number of first-class instru-
ments to a point where, no one can afford to
buy elsewheiiv We c*rry Winner. Bau-
meisaer and ether choice makes. THE ZEVn
MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. 7C0 Market Bt.
ANT . k ? la o° Bold by takec »»<* any time
».ithin 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
o'-^re f I??t.; U |sUb^h H e^l^0 & °^^
A Ci-nCKERING— A VOSE— A STERLING.
A A Fischer— A Fteck.
And ten others from $60 up
A n^v4 eh^^7^ payment8> fulIy guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st. ¦,
WANTED at once — Four square pianos suitable
SlO-sS'poTt et B ° rt8 " BTRON MAUZY. 308-
OL'R pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best in- city PIFRrp"«i
PIANO FACTORY. Markets 14th & Church
A — FISHER piano: good as new; cost $450:
cr.ly $100. SICKELS, 6 Geary et.
Person departing for Germany sacrifice superb
large new 3-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
AX Estpy piano for rent to responsible party"
Call 1202 Leavenworth st. uariy.
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
mente. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlbemla Bank.
T 9.V-~ mar waa * a piano for rent. BCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st -
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031 Market st—
6teck, Everett Ludwlg and other good pianos.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights
cropped from catalogue, $250. Bruenn,208Po«t!
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-31O-312 Post St.; Sohmer
ap<3 ether pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
M1.LLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham p1«t*.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LKT.
LARGE store with high basement fronting on
2 sts. ; below Kearny st. 636 Clay st. room L
DESK room and desk In laxre sunny front
office. B16 Market t=t.. room 69.
PALMISTRY.
1U!E. G. L. SEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st-. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post:t«l.Black 561.
PERSONALS.
IF you hair is falling, send for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to step hair from falling and
cause cair to grow on bald beads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or eend for circular. DR.
G. B. MOORE. 332 O'FarreU st.. 8. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. HIT Market
et.. between Seve^^ and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' t&llcr made suits, skirts.
Ebirtwalsts. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
cults, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
cur pew store. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 818 Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third et.. neat Market: 700 rooms.
£5c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
tree 'bug and baggage to and from tfa* terry.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine Is what
cured people say. Address REUNER GOU-
LET. Sacramento. CaL
FIRST-CLASS hair roods only; switches and
wigs; hair dressing, 25c: shampooing; 60c;
manicuring. 25c G. LEDERER, 123 Stock-
ten st.
GENTLEMAN, age 40. to make the acquaint-
ance cf American lady about 30 years of age;
weight about 140 pounds; object matrimony.
Box 369. Call.
MECHANICAL engineer— Steam, engine, boil-
er, ice and refrigerating machinery expert;
designs and installs most economical oil-
burning plants. Box 362, CalL
DIVINE HEALER SHRADER, who heals all
manner of diseases known, by laying on of
hands, can be seen daily at 518 Ellis st,
downstairs; no charges.
A — WHAT do you think? O. HERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same ae white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
MADAME PONO— Scientific character read-
Ing: hours. 10 to 12 a. m., 1 to 4 and 7 to 8
p.m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12 a.m. 239 Powell, r. 14.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
e&&«s j.osltlvely cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S39 Polk rt. S. F.; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
EENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co., 140 Geary St., S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
barn's unicn-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2.
history greatest eame ever played; 10c post-
pald. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the cewect desiCTis for cummer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
AT less than coct, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market »t
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st
LIQUOR habit— A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box C52, San Jose, Cal. j
HOME treatment for motherr and daughters;
booklet free. The VIAVI CO.. 2304-6-8 Van
Ness ave.. San Francisco; phone East 282.
FREE CLINIC — A number of patients are re-
quired by State Dental Assn. Wed.. Thurs.
and Fri.. 9 to 12. Y. M. C. A. bldg. 5th floor.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
ANDERSON", theatrical costuiner; private the-
a-trlcals; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrell.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISF1T-
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rate*; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna, st.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured: no operation. Daln or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26# gearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants, $2 60.
Mlgftt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and raoieg destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton. 427 Sutter.
Mre. Eriggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 250.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mrs.Traverse,1170Market
ALFItEDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to lus natural color; $1; at all druggist*'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S PTiEN'CH CORN PAINT, the
best ccrn cure. 2Sc; all druggists.
PHYSICIANS JiND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured ; no~pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business ; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlow -frfee. Drs. Forden & Porterfield. « Turk.
DR. C.-.C.-O'DONN ELL— Oface and residence.
lCglfotlarteet «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Catamds cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without /operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^4 Market
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— My vHte. MKS. . ANNIE BONNE Y
having this day left my bed and board, I a-ij}
not be responsible for any bills or debts cLn-
tracted by her. ' •*' •'-¦-
JAMES W, BONXEIT. June 8. 1902.
BAD tenants ejected "for *4r collections made:
city cr country. PACIFIC- -COLLECTION
CO.. 4M5 MonUTomery, rooms »-W;.td. 6580.
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR _ SALE.
J. L. COOKE..26 Montgomery st..J. L. COOKE
San Francisco ; . :
...Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant 'home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity. . •
Secure a home.
Special Bargains Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get it cheap.
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE,
26 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
Cut. this out and save address.
J. F. PLUMBE, Real* Estate. 1402 Valencia' St.,
cor. 25th— BARGAINS:
f<oOO only — Fine modern residence. 12 rooms
and basement: stable for 2 horses: stone side-
walk; Iron fence: bituminized street; lot -50x
150; on sunny side Guerrero st., bet. 26th and
Army.
$2200— Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 32x100;
Twenty-sixth st.
$1350— Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 25x114; Twenty-
seventh st.. near Dolores.
$1500— Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x100; offer
wanted; Sanchez st., near. Valley.
$1300— Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 35x80; Folsom
St., near Twenty-eighth. ' /
$600 each — Two lots, 25x114; Duncan St., be-
tween Sanchez and Noe.
PRETTY new cottage for sale on easy terms; 4
. rooms, bath, basement; unfinished rooms in
attic; lot 25x100; price $1700; Mississippi St.,
near 25th. Also pretty new cottage on very
. *asy terms; 6 rooms; bath; basement; every
convenience; modern plumbing; lot 25x129,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; Tenth ave.,
bet. J and K sts.; price $.2750. J. BASH-
FORD. 431 McAllister st. ,
YOU will never secure a suburban home In
eight "of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and bulldins- lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
FOR sale — Just completed, elegant 7-room cot-
tage. San Jose ave., opp. Valley st.
LOT. 17th ave.. next to Fulton st. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
AT your own figure; will positively be sold to
the highest bidder on or before 15th inst.,
. 100 acres as a whole or In size tracts to suit,
take my advice, act at once and secure a
"snap" bargain as a whole or the cream of
this ideally located tract of excellent land
at an unprecedented Bacriflcn, for it must -be
sold at once, 30 acres of which Is extra
choice creek bottom, dark sediment loam;
perfect garden soil; adapted to alfalfa, ber-
ries, tomatoes, etc.. requiring no Irrigation;
now cropped to corn; 60 acres valley loam
(no adobe), cropped to grain; 10 acres low
hill, wooded with oak; no waste; creek forms
rear boundary; unsurpassed for vineyard or
orchard; ideal land, location and climate -for
poultry; a first-class general farm; will take
lees than half what adjoining land can be
bought for; located adjoining city limits, less
than half-mile from the depot, steamer land-
ing, the factories, the Immense canneries
and business center of Napa (5000 population;
46 miles from 3.- F.; best climate and surest
crops In the State). . _
Remember, I have listed'wlth me and am
personally acquainted with every ranch for
sale In Napa County, so when going to.ln-
epect this land I'll show dozens of other
places to judga and select from
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties: land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg.,
Ban Francisco.
A BARGAIN — For sale or exchange for city
property, good country roadhouse; must be
sold on account of owner leaving city. Apply
on premises. San Leandro and Yoakum ave.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of Mrgalns In fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains; new catalogue Bent free.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges. . tim-
ber. mine*. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ¦¦
riEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CHICKEN ranch; fully equipped; near city;
all poultry; horse, buggy,, furniture, etc.:
exchange for lodging-house or good restaur-
ant; $1200.
G. W. SCHWEEJHARD, -,
917 Market St., between 5th and 6th.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches In Sonoma Valley
Ads. R. Clark. Agna Caliente. Sonoma Valley'
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— To rent, a ranch on shareTln coast
county: not far from schoolbouse; will pay
cash for necessary stock, seed and farming
tools. Address Farmer, box 371. Call.
ALAMEDA- ADVERTISEMENTS.
i !
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE,
FOR sale, rent or exchange — An elegant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain-
$4000.
Must be sold; a large 8-room house; lot 60s
150; near Chestnut Et. station. See the above
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY, 1500 Park st., Alameda.
MODERN cottage of 5 large rooms "and bath,
mantel, hall, 7-foot basement, good brick
foundation, fruit trees and fine lawn; corner
lot, 56x125; street work all done and stone
walks laid; sunny frontage; choice location
For particulars apply to owner, 1925 Park st.
Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
1 OR 2 furnished rooms In Alameda; convenient
to trains; board, "or Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1500 — 3-ROOM cottage; lot 60x270; good as
new. W. C. MORAN.
$2200— 7-ROOM house; lot 50x140; 80-foot
street; nearly new. W. C. MORAN.
$1500 — i-ROOM cottage; lot 60x100; on Tele-
graph ave. W. C. MORAN.
$2000 — 5-ROOM cottage; windmill and tank-
lot 100x127; finished street. W. C. MORAN.'
$9000— 8-ROOM house; lot 100x130; stable- 3
blocks from University. W. C. ' MORAN
Schmidt block. Berkeley station. - • '
WANTED — An offer; splendidly built house
of 12 rooms; cemented basement; large attic-
bouse cost $9000; 1 year old; lot 70x160; must
be sold. -
*, JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
• ; Berkeley station.
COTTAGE^ — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine!
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent -
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AXD BOARD.
-y*- 1 *•--_ - .%,-^~.., ....... —^^.
BERKELEY summer board; choice location:
attractive private home; references. Box
823. Call office. ¦ ¦ ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$300 CASH; $6 monthly; cottage of 3 rooms;
good barn, chicken houses, fine well of water,
assorted orchard; 3 fine lots, 75x100; street
macadamized; school, church, Town Hall and
observatory and 2 grocery stores; over 100
families now located; sandy loam soil; no fogs
nor raw winds here; 2 blocks from boulevard
and electric car line; adjoining East Oakland;
has a fine, grand view; price In all. $800; a
line bargain; call or send for circular. 455
Seventh St.. opp. Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
10 HOUSES for sale, with large lots, from
$800 to $25,000. E. E. BLTNCE. 952 Broad-
way. Oakland. - -.- ¦
O AKL AKD _^RK ITimajBB|OR'_g ALB.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
6CHEJ.LHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
typewriters and supplies.
g^eaT1ba1rgXins"1n^S ; e : vv^it^r^w^
«ell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inapec. Co.,200 Bansome.
TYPEWRITING * MIMEOGRAPHING, j
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2e ;mlm- I
Markt, rm.305; Howard 1539. I
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
A DROP-HEAD SEWING MACHINE, $16 50.
¦ $16 50 buys new improved drop-head;- oak
' woodwork; Improved attachments; agency for
all the leading sewing machines; phone How-
, ard 3264. 145 Sixth St. ' ' - ¦;: . -'¦
ALL kinds bought, sold,- rented, exchanged; re-
- pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
DIVIDEND NOTICES..
OFFICE of the, Contra Costa Water . Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills' building, San
Francisco, June- 4, 1902— Dividend No. 201,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company will bo
payable at the office of ¦ said company, room
16, second -floor, Mills building, on June - 16,'
1902. Transfer books will close on June 9.
- 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m. -.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CON.— A. dividend. No. 42. of
fifty cents (50c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company, has been declared
payable at the office of the company, j rooms
202-204-206 Hayward .building, San Fran-
cisco, on June 10. 1902. Transfer books close
June -3. at noon. ¦
J. R. ¦ TiKAVRLL. Secretary. '\
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of,' dissolution of "co-partnership-— The
partnership heretofore I existing, between the
undersigned, ¦ under the firm" name 'of
. WRIGHT. &. KOCHMAN, doing business, at
.Nos. 250. and 258 Turk street in the city and
county . of San Francisco; Was dissolved by
mutual consent on the thirteenth day: of May,
A. D., 1902. MICHAEL J; KOCHMAN.
DEXTER M. WRIGHT.
The business will hereafter be conducted
by DEXTER M. WRIGHT at 250 Turk street
where he- will be pleased to ¦• receive . the
' patronage* of his former- customers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
. ' ¦ ¦..'> ' '..• — : — ; "%. . :-.
. The f ollowinsf marriage licenses were Issued'
yesterday: - - . • ¦
- Sylvester H. Dado, 22, San Jose, and Mamie
Merkel, 24, 23C Klssling - street. •
Loula R. Isaacs, 35, 500 Fulton street, and
Cecelia F. Langley, 25, 1114 Buchanan street.
• Patrick. J. Conran, 34, Grand Hotel. ' and
Nora McCarthy, 27, 234 McAllister street. : •
Manuel A. Pereira. 23, Vallejo, and Izabel
Bettencourte, 24. Vailejo. .
Samuel J. Sullivan, 29, city, and Elizabeth
M. Lindwald, 24, city. •
Arthur T. Wlntersgill. 25. 721% Tennessee
street, and Clara L. Lavene, 22, Worcester,
Mass. ' '•-'•• '--.'
William -G. Watkin, 24,:- 781 Mission street,
and Rose Dolbertr. 20, 77ft»Mlssion street. ¦•- •
Oren G. Myers, 27, " 600 Bush street, and
Maude D. Patten, 24, 1924 Buchanan street.
John A. Winterbotom, 25, 808 . Stanyan
street, and Mary I. Woods, 24, 2299A Market.
'Reginald Atthowe, 21, Lorin. street, and Eva
F. Critcher, 21, 1410 Flllmore street. •- • . : •'
Nell D. Petersen, 27, 717 Treat avenue, and
Josa Petersen. 22, 717 Treat avenue.
Francis R. Fay, 37, 1050 Howard street, and
Martha Kelley, 36. -.¦•*< ¦ ;•
Richard Kehl, 36, city, and Hilda Anderson,
28, city. . ' .-;.. . ¦¦ , \ '
Herman Lindner, 21,' city, and Leonore ¦ Lon-
don, 21, city.
Carl Keonlke, 36, city, and Clara Stevenson,
29, city. • . J ...
George P. Schnetzer, 27, -Mare Island, and
Minnie D. Goudman; 25, city. ' ,.
William I. Forrest, 22, 784 Dolores street,
and Emily E. Matson, 21, 1022 Guerrero street:
Case Edwards, 29, New York City, and Ger-
aldine V. Bohen, 24,- New York 'City. 1 I .
David R. .Flemminer, 34. first officer trans-
port. Meade, and Edna. J. Stewart, • 23, ¦'. Ala-
meda. ' , ; ... ¦ ' , ' '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and' be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- :
sons authorized to have I the same published.
BORN.
ATHIAS— In this. pity, May 25. 1902. to the
wife of J. Athlas, / a daughter.
LEE— In Berkeley, June 4, 1902, to the wife
of J. Richard Lee, a daughter.
PARKER— In this city, to the wife of Charles
F. Parker, a son. ,' '. ' ' . - ;¦'
MARRIED. ¦¦'¦ ; ; .
COCHARD— MORRILL— In this city, June 7.
1902, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pastor
of Central M. E. Church, Oscar Cochard of-
Round Valley, Cal., and Sarah F. Morrill
of San Francisco. • ¦'¦• •- .- • -\
GRAY— COWLING— In this city', June 8, 1902.
by the Rev. ¦ Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Sidney
Hall Gray and. Annie Virginia Cowling, both
of '.Berkeley. , :' V : 7 -r, ,
McPHERSON— BERING— In this city, June 4,
1002, by the Rev. William M. Bours. How-
ard; Howell McPherson of Marshfleld, Or.,"
and Isabelle Bering of San Francisco. . . '
SCHNETZER— GOUDMANN — In this city.
June 9. 1902, by the Rev. Dr. John A: B.
Wilson, George P. Schnetzer of Marine
Corps, . Mare Island, and Minnie - F. Goud-
mann of San Francisco.
• ......' ... DIED.
Allen. Rose D. Maccagno, Evelina
Bllven, James I. ;• Mulloy, Mary " ¦
Breslauer,- Manuel Nellis, Colbc. ne ' S. !
Brown, Mrs. Georgle . Neumann, Ferdinand
Carter, Frank J. ... : •O'Neill. 'Thomas
¦ Cohen, Godfrey Pescia, Maria
Daver, John . Petersen, Peter .
' Donohue, Maggie ' ' " Reamer, Fred ;
Dunn, . Mary Roche, Thomas
Edwards, Alice B. Runge, Gustave M.
Ferrante, Irene . Senter, Ellen F.
Fitzgerald, Steven Short. Walter C.
Forbes. Duncan S. Simpson, Thomas
Graham, John N. Btrltzinger, Jacob
.Harris, Charles A. Warren, . Blanche A.
Lammon. ¦¦ David E. Wolff, Julius
. Lynch, Mary • Woods, George W. '
ALLEN— In this city, June 7. 1902, Rote
Davalos, beloved wife of Charles ¦ Davalos
. Allen, mother of George and Charles Allen,
and sister of Beatrice, " Arthur, Harry and
James Green and- the late Alfred Green, a
native of California, aged 21 years 2 months
' and 16 days. ' ¦ -. , .- ¦ . .
CyFrlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fuHy invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 10 o'clock sharp, from her late- residence,
2123 Jonea street, thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery. : . • ¦ • ' .
BLIVEN— In this city, June 9. 1902, James I.,
beloved husband of Emily S. Bllven. and
stepfather of Mrs. Emily W. Candage and
Edward A\ Knight, a native of Hartford,
- Conn., aged'' 70 years 6 months and 23 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Wednesday), at 1:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3860 Eighteenth • street, thence to
Olivet Congregational Church. Seventeenth
and Noe streets, for services. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
- 2:30 o'clock.
BRESLAUER— In this city, June 8. 1902,
. . Manuel, beloved husband of Rlcka Breslauer,
and 'father' of Isidore, David and Mamie
Breslauer, and .brother of Isldor Breslauer,
Mrs. Nathan Breslauer of. Redding, Cal., and
Mrs. B. Koltanowsky.of Chloo, Cal., a na-
tive of Kempen, Germany, aged 56 years and
2 months. A member of Miriam Lodge No.
56, I. O. B. B., of Marysville, Cal.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend', the funeral to-day
' (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from B. B. Hall,.
, 121 Eddy street, and thence by 11:30 o'clock
.train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery. Re-
. mains at the parlors. of Theodor Dlerka, 957
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
BROWN— In this city, June 7, 1902. Mrs.
. Georgle Brown, daughter 'of the late Colonel
. L. F. Warren, and ¦ beloved mother of • Mrs.
W. O. Nolen and the late Blanche A. War-
ren, a native of Boston, Mass. i ~
WARREN— In this city. June 7, 1902,
Blanche A. Warren, beloved daughter of the
late Georgle Brown, and sister of Mrs.'W. O.
¦ Nolen, a native of California, aged 23 years.
tcy The ' funeral services will be held to-
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Hals ted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment private. , .... t ,
CARTER — In this city, June 8, 1902, Frank
' J., beloved husband of Emma Gertrude Car-
ter, father of Dorothy Dora Carter, and
.. brother of Maria M." Eccler, Hyacinth Jo-
sephine Hall and Richard E. Carter, a' na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 34 years. • ,
'CyFriendB and acquaintances • are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late'
residence. 16 Broderick street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn high
• mass will •¦ be celebrated ' for the repose of his
soul, commencing at. 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car ' from
: Eighteenth and Guerrero streets..
MEMBERS ot San. Francisco Lodge No. 3, ~B.
P. O. Elks, artf notified to attend the funeral
of . our late ' brother. .Frank J. Carter, on
Wednesday morning, at 0 o'clock, from Sa-
cred Heart - Church, corner Fell and Fill-
more streets. By order ••¦•..- . ¦¦ - ¦
* PERCY V. LONG., Exalted Ruler. ':
COHEN — In this city, June i 9,' 1902, Godfrey
Cohen, ' beloved husband of Fanny Cohen,
H E N R Y J. C A L L A C H E R CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
' .. DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS '
20 Fifth St., opposite* Lincoln School.. •
¦ • ' ' -Telephone South 80. ..¦. . : - . .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
••.".:• NEAREST THE /CITY. v; '¦: ,.'
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone j Bush j 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
. - Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.J.
. McBrearty, with the same company for -10
years; P. F. Green. late with J. C. O'Con- 1 ;
. nor :& : Co.. have ' opened n?w Funeral Par-
• lors at ', 1171 Mission St., between ' Seventh ¦
- and • Eighth.' .Telephone South 44. ¦ ¦ ,',
OCEAN" STEAMERS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Paclflo Coast Steamship Co.
|L^ Steamers leava Saa Fraa-
iMfe-^. Cisco as follows: ->
IP^S'&tk For Ketchikan. Juneaa.
I R3rC?'?S*^ SXaguay. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
1 «C¥?£7fcL?lr m., June 5, 10. 13. 20. 23. 30.
! B8&fi^3 \&1 July 5. Change to company *
1 flBSftZSr**!? steamers at Seattle.
i/ M >H5£&&ll For Victoria, Vancouver,
¦* ""*80»a& Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Evsrett. Whatcom--
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 «-in. a
a. m.. Jun. T. 13. 23. Jalf 1.
J Ju& OT . Bay. *»'•£«• M
Cabo MaxaSa* Altata. La Pax, Santa
Guannaa(Mex:>— 10 a. m., 7th each montb.
FoVftruiw information obtain foldsr.
Right is reserved to change steamers or s*D»
OT7FICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palaee Hotel).
- C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL.- PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agent*.
~^ ~~7- - io Market st. San Francisco.
o©«oooooo«©o«oooooo«oo»oooooooooo©ooooooooooo
j REDUCED. |
| GENUINE . 1
• For Sale by AH Reliable Dealers. J
! 5fi1 0.OO Per ton I
E7Frlends of the family are Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from . the residence' of the parents,
' 2304 . Howard street.
SIMPSON — In Berkeley, June 8, 1902. Thomas,
. beloved husband of Lucretia Simpson, and
father - of Bdwin E. Simpson | of Berkeley.
Mrs. Mark Bailey of Los Angeles, Dr. Frank
W.:- Simpson of San Francisco, . Mrs. T. J.
Clark and Ruby B. Simpson, a native of
„ Michigan, aged 65 years 8 months and 18
days. ¦¦•¦,. •
STRITZINGER — In Alameda, Jacob Strltzln-
ger, a. native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 80
years. ¦ * ... ¦
WOLFF — In this city, June 8. 1902, Julius
. beloved husband of Magdalena Wolff and
father of ; Herrman, Otto, William, Rudolph
and . Rose Wolff, a native of Berlin, Ger-
many, aged 65 years 11 months and 5 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). June .10, at 10:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, 559 Paris street, cor-
ner Italy avenue (Five-Mile House), . Mission
Road. Interment Mount Olivet - Cemetery.
WOODS— In this city, June 9, 1902, George W.
Woods, medical director U. S. Navy, retired
a native of New Bedford, Mass., In the 64th
year of his axe.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
• residence, 521 Bartlett street, and thence to
St. • Paul's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUNGE— In t^he City and County Hospital,
June 9, 1902, Gustave M. Runge, a native of
Germany, aged 56 years. • /
SENTER— In this city. June 9. 1902, Ellen F.,
beloved wife of Henry J. Senter, a native of
San Jose.- Cal; ,
SHORT— In this t'lty, June 8, 1902. Walter C.
beloved son of Th&dore ' C. aijd Mary F.
Short, .and brother of Frank P. and Gcorg*
: J. Short, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 3 months and 8 days.
E7Friends and members of Mount Moriah
Ledge No. 44, F. and A. M., are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' to-day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street, near Post, under
, the auspices of Court Eclipse No. 14, F. of
A. -Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
8 o'clock.- ,
ROCHE— In this city, June 8, 1902. Thomas,
beloved husband of Julia Roche, and beloved
father of ¦ Mrs. • Nellie Shields and Julia
Roche, a . native ! of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 60 years. A member of Colonel Cass
Post . No. 46. G. A. R., and Fairmount
Lodge, A. ' O. .U. W.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock; from his late
residence, | 424 Noe street, near Seventeenth,
thence to Our Savior's Scandinavian Lu-
theran Church, Howard street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth, where services will
commence at 1 o'clock. Int lent Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
REAMER— In this city. June 8, 1902, Fred
Reamer,' a native of Philadelphia, aged 73
years. A member of Mount Morlah Lodge
No. 44, F. and A. M., and Court Eclipse No.
14, F. of A.
fffr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Tues-
day, June 10, 1902, at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 75U Capp street, thence to funeral
car from corner of Thirtieth street and San
Jose avenue at 2 o'clock.. Interment Cypress
' Lawn Cemetery.
O'NEILL — In this city, June 9. 1902, Thomas
O'Neill, belo.ved /son of Charles and Annie
O'f 111. a native of San Francisco, aged 28
' years and 8 months.
PESCIA— In this city, June 8. 1902; Maria,
dearly, beloved mother of the late Dr. Joseph
Pescia and Mrs. Caterina. Paladinl, and
sister of Mrs.- Serafina Valente, and grand-
mother of Mrs. M. L. Perasso, a native of
Italy,: aged 75 years 3 months and 12 days.
(Baltimore, Md., papers please copy.)
IE7"Funeral takes place Wednesday, June
11, at 10 o'clock, from her late residence,
1427 Mason I street, near Broadway, thence
to Italian Church of Sts. Peter and Paul,
. where at- 10:30 o'clock mass will > be cele-
. bra ted for- the repose of her soul. Please
omit flowers. Interment , Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PETERSEN— In this city, June 8, 1902, Peter,
beloved husband of Helena G. Petersen, a
member of Valley Lodge No." 30, A. O. U.
W.,' and Friendship Lodge No. 1731, K. of
. II., a native of Fred riks tad, Norway, aged
73 years 1 month and 27 days.
B7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors
of Porter & White, 12B Eddy street. Inter-
ment I. O. O.-F. Cemetery. •
NEUMANN — In this city, June 8, 1902, Ferdi-
nand' J., beloved husband of Cecelia A. Neu-
mann, and father of Frank W. . and Ferdi-
nand J. .Neumann Jr. and Mrs. Wilhelmina
Caldwell, a native of Saxony, Germany, aged
74 years -4 months and 27 days. .
IC7Friend8 . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 1 o'clock, from the residence of her
parents, 421 Pine street, thence to Sts. Peter
and Paul's Church. Interment Italian Ceme-
tery. . ¦'
MULLOY — An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late- Mary Mulloy on Tuesday morn-
Ing, at 9 o'clock, at. the Church ot the Most
Holy, Redeemer, Diamond and Eighteenth
streets. Friends are respectfully Invited to
attend. , ¦.'¦:.¦
NELLIS— In this city, June 9, 1902, Colborne
S., beloved husband of Margaret A. Nellis,
' a native of Canada.. . .
(£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited to \ attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday); at 11 o'clock. ' from .the residence
of his parents, 2403 Eighteenth street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH — In this city, June 8, . 1902,. Mary
'Lynch, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
MACCAGNO^- In this city, June 9, 1902, Eve-
lina, beloved daughter of Joe and Clementina
Maccagno, aged- 2 'years and -6 months.
IC7" Servicea- at Cypress Lawn s Chapel at
10:30 o'clock to-day (Tuesday), June 10, 1902.
HARRIS — In this city, June 9, 1902, Charles
A., . beloved son. of William and Lottie Har-
¦ rU, a native' of San Francisco, aged 7 years
and 5 ; months. • ,
LAMMON— In this city, June 8, 1902, David
, Edward, beloved son of David and Annl a
Lammon, and grandson of Alexander ¦ Lara-
• mon and Christina Eastland, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 10 days. •
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his father, 3 Alice street, oft Folsom, be-'
tween Third and Fourth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GRAHAM — In Mendocino County, June 7,
1902, ¦ of heart disease, John Nye Graham,
son of the late Robert J. and Charlotte C.
. Graham, a native of San Francisco, aged
' 33 years. . : ' : . i
and father 'of Joseph Cohen, Mrs.. J. Silver-
stein of He'aldsburg and Mrs. Florence Stern,-
a native of England, aged 75 years. .... ;
DAVER— In this city, June 9, 1902, John, be-
loved husband of the late Elizabeth ¦ Daver,
and father of Thomas F., Henry F., William
A. and John Q. Daver, a native of Ireland.
' "ased 67 years. ' • ¦ . .
DONOHUE— In this city; June 9, 1902, Maggie
Donohue, a' native of Ireland, aged 59 years.
E?"Remalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.,. -767 Mission street. Notice of Iu-
• neral hereafter. j / .
DUNN— In this city, June 9, 1902, Mary, relict
•of ti\e late Cornelius Dunn, and sister of |
Mrs. P. Lyons and Thomas Stanton and the
. late Bridget Stanton, Ellen Stanton and
' . Catherine Shea, a native of County Gal way,
Ireland. 3 (New York papers please copy.)
ICJ'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late;
. residence, 312% Tehama street, thence to St.'
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing "at 9 o'clock. -Interment.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDWARDS — In this city, June 8. 1902, Alice
. B., dearly beloved wife of Ira Edwards, and
daughter of j Michael and the late Catherine
Costello, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
.years .4 months and 9 days. -
FERRANTE— In this ' city, June 9, 1902, Irene,
•dearly ( beloved wife of Salvatore Ferrante,
lovlns - daughter , of Maria Denegri and the
• late G. B. Denesrri, and sister of Tony, Ro-
. mllda, 'Dlsmo, Ricardo, Elvira and Elena
Denegri, ; a ? native of San Francisco, aged 28
¦ . years 3 months and 20 days.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
June 12, 1002. at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 731 Vallejo street, thence to Sts.
Peter , and Paul's Italian Church, where a
requiem high mass will be said for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— In the City and County Hos-
pital, June 9, -1902, Steven Fitzgerald, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 68 . years. ¦
FORBES-^In this city, June 8/ 1902, Duncan
S., beloved son of James and the late Jean
.•' Forbes, and brother of. James Forbes, Mrs.
•H. Bothmann and Mrs. Blundell, a native
of San Francisco, aged 39 years.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;,
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near •school and park; rent
reasonable. ¦ St. : James, "McAllister and La-
guna sts. - . ' - " •¦ *¦ ¦ : ¦
BARTLETT, 413 — Large sunny furnished rooms
. very reasonable. - - ' ;• - .¦ •'.
FELL, 222—4 neartly. furnished, rooms, $22.
FILLMORE. 2219, nr. Clay — 5 sunny furnished'
rooms bath, nice yard; housekeeping.
FURNISHED and housekeeping room to let.
Inquire in furniture store, 706 Mission st.
GEARY, 882—3 rooms, partly furnished; base-
ment. . ¦ .- - , , • .-
HARRISON. 731—2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; hot and cold water; bath; $13.
JESSIE. 333 — Large sunny front room, fur-
nished housekeeping; gas range; yard; $10. •
JESSIE, 478, near Sixth — Two large furnished
: rooms, housekeeping; also large sunny front
room. ,- ¦ '
LARKIN, 804— Nice, sunny "back room; light
housekeeping If -"desired ;rtnt $7. ' i- ..
LEAVENWORTH, -1312— Well-furnished, sunny
upper floor; marine -view; . references; rent
reasonable. : ¦ ;- .- .'¦ ¦ ' .-
MISSION, 1516 — Two sunny front connecting
rooms. - furnished complete for housekeeping. .
OAK, 117 — Sunny newly furnished suites; -sink,
gas range, bath, laundry;. phone; adults. - '
OCTAVIA,. 1259, cor. O'Farrell— Housekeeping
suit, elegantly furnished; gas and coal range.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large sunny bay-'
- window, partly furnished; parlor and kitchen,
$13. . - ¦ ;¦ :' " ¦.
O'FARRELL. 826— 2 or 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping ; all • conveniences. 1 .
SUTTER, 407 — 2 large sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping^ .-•.'. •'•.-¦ -- ¦¦
VAN NESS ave., 402 — Entire upper flat; 3
rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. and Unfnrn.
ANGELUS NOW OPEN.
New- fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and 6Uites; v marine view.
530 Stockton, st.. bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,;
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California. ¦
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat eunny suites or singles; day,
- week or month; bath;. phone. ' 332 .Stockton.
BURNETT. 142« Market, (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlehed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished . sunny rooms; prices reasonable. '.
ELLIS. S — Desirable office and rooms . to let,
unfurnished. Apply 9 a. m. j to 8 p. , m.
ELLIS. 321 (MOzart) — Nicely' funv rooms, 35c.
(1 50 night; $1 00, $6 week; open all night.
ELLIS, 685, cor. Larkin — Nicely furnished al-
cove; mantel; closet; cooking If desired.
FOLSOM, 820, near 4th-r$l per week, furnished
rooms. ¦-..,
GOLDEN GATE. ave.. 1050— Well furn. large
sunay. roome; private family; free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404— Two sunny front
bedrooms; very reasonable; alfeo housekeeping.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission— Rooms 95c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HYDE. 1S3, bet. Golden Gate and Turk— Nice-
ly furnished rooms; running water; i con-
venient to street cars.
LARKIN, : 819%— Large sunny room, suitable
for two gentlemen; reasonable. . ; ¦•¦
LASKIE. 27, bet. 8th and ' Oth-^Nlcely furn-
ished front parlor: Lor 2 gentlemen; cheap.
MINNA. -667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20—Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par.
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2-
to $8; month, $8 to- $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28' Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished;, also 3 unfurnished.
SIXTH. 123%— Nicely furnished rooms, suita-
ble for gentleman; respectable "house; cheap.'
SUTTER, 949 — Elegant rooms, bath, etc.; 10
mln. walk to Kearny st.; private family.
WOLFE, 8 — t rooms;, yard; rent $8 50. Key !
at. 4 Wolfe. st. \ . •..-;.. ¦• -. . ¦- ¦!
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ , . . .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
T^CE^^cAlXlST^RT^C^VMr^Jeasr ave.TTust
opened; elegantly furnished suite or singig
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family. hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH." 312 Eddy St.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
FOR sunny homelike room and delicious board
apply 104 Guerrero st. . . .. * " .-,
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnlehed sultqs or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites: single rooms: first-class table board.
t^^ w J^^^qO^S^WANTE^P J^^^^^^^
WANTED — Two unfurnished rooms ' for light
housekeeping; state rent. Box 378, Call.
MAN and wife want, by July 1, three furnished
. housekpjr- rooms \ in Alameda. Box .372, Call.
STOUA'GE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel.' Prlv.- Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
. Mission St.; tei: Howard 941. F. W, Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.;. phone Jackson 281.. .
¦ VITAOPATHY.
I SUFFERED from rheumatism for a month,
unable to- move myself without help; with ope
treatment of Vitaopathy under Prof. Ivan
McLaughlin, 1104 Market, st., I was : able to
walk about my room; second treatment, same
day, I walked twelve blocks. I I am satisfied
that Vitaopathy did it. Wednesdays free
treatment. JACOB KIEFFER,
• , • Hotel Vendome. -
——————— __
BIDS wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office.' room 13. 320 Sansome st.
¦ San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.
SATURDAY, June 14, 1902, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and . delivering, quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion -Yountvilje), ! for six months, commencing
July 1. • 1902/ and. ending December 31 1Q02
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
. ules. and no bid will be considered unless it is
. In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der, must accompany his bid with a certified
. check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house f pr at least 10 per cent of tha
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
• the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ors. ¦ ¦¦-' J- J- SCOVILLE. . Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence SuoDlies: Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco
Cal., June 10. 1902 — Sealed proposals for fur-
• nlshincr and delivering of such quantities of
' subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or such warehouses in San Francisco, CaT
as per circular to be seen at this office, will
be received here until 11 o'clock a. m., Tues-
day, July 1. 1902, and opened Immediately
thereafter, in presence. of bidders. Specifica-
tions,- general Instruction to bidders and
blank form of proposal will be furnished to
established dealers on acpllcatloa to - W. ,H.
BALDWIN, Major, Commissary, - U. S.
Army, Purchasing Commissary. _ ¦ ¦
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., June. 10, 1002— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, June 20, 1002
- and then opened, for Grading, Building
Roads, Drains, etc., at' Fort Rosencrans
Cal. Government -reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids, in whole or In part..
• ' Preference Klven to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal,, and such
preference given to articles of American pro-
: duction produced on the Pacific. Coast, to ex« v
tent of consumption- required by the publlo
- service there.. Information furnished on apv
plication to D. D. WHEELER, Deupty- Quar-
termaster General, Chief Q. M.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
nor •'First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.<
for YOKOHAMA 0 and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
SS NIPPON MARU.... Thursday, July 24. 1902
SS. AMERICA .^^••i^-ft'W
RoundUrlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company s office,
421 Market
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.:
And Gia Sud Americana de Vaporas
To ValDaralso. stopping at _ Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How :
ard 3. Dler 10. 12 m.. , , .»
PALENA .....June 10ITUCAPEL July 19
AREQUIPA ...June 27 1 GUATEMALA. .Aug. 6
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No «hanee at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasfenger ofHce. 316 California streeC
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
J^amburg^Jkmerican.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria June 17 [Columbia "..... : July 3
F. Bismarck. . .June 2ClF. Bismarck. . . .July 2-1
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Via Lulse June 101 Patricia June 17
Moltke June 10j Bluecher ...... .June 24
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
- HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast? 401 California st., San Francisco.
-; ' ABERICISLWB. . • •
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul. June 23, 10 am Phila, July 0, 10 am
St. Louis. July 2, 10 am'St. Paul. July 16. 10 am
KBl STAR LINE. '
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS. '
Vaderland June no. t IZeeland. . .July S. noon
Kroonlnd.June 28. nooniFrlesland. July 12. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. Q.A.P.C..30 Moritgom'y st.
BAY AND RIVES STP, AiyTRBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.'
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m., 8:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 0 p. ra., except
Sunday. Sunday.' 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* 00
cents. : Telephone ¦ Main - 1508. Landing - and
office, pier 2. Mlssion-itxeet dock. HATCH.
BROS. -.
S3, COLUMBIA Sails.. June 12. 22. July 2. 13
S3! GEO. "VV. ELDER Sails.. June 17. 27. Jury T
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong"y. S.B*.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
O. R. &N. CO.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. (45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN.
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Paclflo Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Ralload Tlckst Agent*.
C0MP1QNIB GENE&ALX TBAN3ATLAHTHTJB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PA1U3.
Balling every Thursday, Instead of^FjJyfc
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. *J>C<rM
North River, foot of Morton street
1. D. SPBICIILS 4 BEOS. CO., GaiBial l2ti, 329 Karfct
Gea'l Past omes, 643 Mamt sl. Pier 5x 7. Pacilc sl
Sunday, Jane 9, 10 a. in.
BS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa.- Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday. June 12. 10 a- m.
63. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu....
Saturday. June 21. 2 d. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
IfCOmli!*) tfXOa H*"SD «» 8TDSEY.
VVVUmV <y.tf#VV» OISEOI LIME TO TAHITIThe Civil Sen-Ice Commissioners held
their regular weekly meeting yesterday.
Many routine matters were disposed of.
The case of Deputy Tax Collector George
McCalvey, accused of having: given one" of
His creditors a bogus order drawn on the
commission for $100. was postponed for
one week for the reason that McCalvey
fcas been out of town and has not had an
opportunity to prepare his aeiense.
McCalvey's Case Postponed.
<Chocolate coated) cure Constipation. Bilious
r£ S lJ 5iCi i Heaaat *«>. DyepepBla. 10c. 25c.
Druggists. .
Adams' Sarsaparilla Fills
Levings then briefly stated his record
since he had become a member of the oo-
U J?V°«£ e e^ h . te « n months ago and point
ed to the fact that thousands of dollars
had^ passed through his hands, and that
he had never been short a cent.
The Commissioners took the • matter
Tinder advisement and will render a de
dsion on Wednesday evening.
Leviiigs was cross-examined by Com
missioners Xewhall, Mahoney and Hut
ton. Levings then called witnesses for
the purpose of provlig that Mrs. Darline
Crothers bad. R. B. Kennedy, one of the
witnesses called, could not remember on
j-hat evening he had seen I*vta|£r at the
but remembered havlnl
chatted with him there one evening until
"rfFPTYTRS TO CHABGE.
Levings stated that he replied. "If you
think you can put up a bluff on me your
are very much mistaken. I don't want to
talk to you people any longer and I wish
you good evening."
He then went out to Ellis street and
took the first car to the Hall of Justice
and told the Chief of Police the whole
Levings then said that he saw a shadow
on the door and became suspicious that
some one was putting up a Job on him.
Very soon the door opened and two men
named Douglas and Klemmer entered
end told Levings that they guessed he'd
better be good, that Crothers was a friend
of theirs and that by fair means or foul
they would clear their man, and that if
he didn't let go of the case, they would
break him, that they had heard all that
had been said and that they guessed they
had eot him now.
Mrs. Darling told him that she had tele
graphed to Johnnie's (meaning Crothers')
mother, and that she would advance one
hundred and fifty dollars to help him out.
Witness went on to tell that he informed
Mrs. Darling that he could not do any
thing, and asserted that Mrs. Darling
kept on repeating the one hundred and
fifty dollars proposition in a loud voice,
•while he replied in a low voice that he
could have nothing whatever to do with
On Tuesday morning, Levings went on
to say, he received a note to call up East
821 and on doing so discovered that Mrs.
Darling was at the other end of the line
and wished him to come up at once in re
gard to the Crothers case, and as it was
impossible to go to her house at that time
he said he would try and see her that
evening. Witness testified he arrived at
Mrs. Darlingr's house, 913 Eddy street, at
8:2U p. in. and asked her what she wanted
to see him about.
Levinss then carried his case up to
Monday evening, May 5, when he went to
the bowling alley at 56 Ellis street to wait
tor the Tngn, Fstz James, who was sup
posed to have been with Crothers in 'gain
ing possession of the cigars. Levings as
serted that he remained outside for half
an hour and then went inside and bowled
until 10:33 o'clock. . .
WAITS FOB FITZ JAEfES.
On Monday Levings stated that he saw
T. L. Fitzpatrick, the warrant and bond
clerk, and asked him what charge should
be placed against Crothers,' whether it
should be obtaining goods by . false'- pre
tenses or grand larceny. Later Levinga
had an audience with the Chief of Police
and asked him the same question and re
ceived the reply that it should be grand
larceny. —
Levings stated that en Saturday, May 3,.
he was employed during' the whole day in
making out and serving warrants on six
druggists for selling opium. He said he
had discovered that Crothera had been in
trouble before and on Saturday night had
informed the Chief of Police that he had
Crothers' room located.
He then told of how, on May 6, he had
been detailed to arrest a man who had
6toien some cigars from Messrs. Gunst &
Co., on the northwest corner of Eddy and
Inrkin streets: how he . had 'arrested J.
E. Crothers. alias Me Williams, and taken
him to the Hall of Justice and. had his
name entered on the detinue book.: -
Mr. Levings made a preliminary state
ment to the effect that the Chief of Po
lice did not order him to go to Mrs. Dar
ling's house to make the inquiries on the
evening of May „«. • • : . -
LeRoy L. Levings, the police officer ac
cused of soliciting a bribe from Mrs. Eliz
abeth S. Darling, presented his case yes
terday afternoon before Police Commis-
Eioners Newhall, Mahoney, Hutton and
Howell.
Appeals to Commissioners
on Previous Good
Record.
Police Officer Asserts
Job Was Put Up
on Him.
LEVINGS GIVES
HIS TESTIMONY
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery
408 Taylor street. 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Notice to Passengers.
Mrs. Herman Heyde, residing, at 11
Chapultepec street, reported yesterday
morning to Deputy Coroner McCormlck
the dlsappearnce of Herman Heyde, her
husband. He left home on February 19
with 5100 to go to Point .Richmond where
ho had secured employment as a carpen
ter, and was In company of two men, one
of whom he had met in an employment
office on Clay street. A- friend had re
ceived a postal card from him dated
Point Richmond, February 24, and that
was the last that his family has heard of
him. Several letters from his wife and
addressed to him at that place have been
returned to her unopened.
Herman H«yde Disappears.
To-morrow (Wednesday) we will sell 3000
pairs ladles' shoes, high or low cut, black or
tan, low or French heels, all sizes, all widths
shoes that formerly sold for $2 50 and $3 50 for
only 50c a pair. Remember, for Wednesday
only. Come early and secure the best selec
tion. Sale t tarts at 9 a. m. sharp. Busy. Bee
Shoe Co.. 1029 Market st., above Sixth. •
A Grand Opportunity.
As It was expected that several Eastern
crooks would take a trip to this city to
try their luck with the Shriners, Captain
Martin put his men to watching all the"
Incoming trains. So far none of the crodk
fraternity from the East has been dis
covered, but the watch will be kept up
till all the trains with the Shriners arrive.
It was not long before Detectives Crock
ett and RIordan brought in Charles Gagus
and Frank Wilson, well known bunko
men, and locked them up in the tanks.
Later Harry Walters and "Dick" Wilson
were brought in.
In view of the influx, of the Mystic
Shriners, Captain Martin- issued instruc
tions to the detectives yesterday morn
ing to bring in all known; pickpockets,
bunko men and other crooks, so that they
might be kept in durance vile till the
Shriners took their departure.
Departure, of the Mystic
Shriners. •
Th«y "Will-B* Kept in Prison Till the
DETECTIVES INSTBTJCTED
TO BRING IN CROOKS
Lyons testified in his own behalf that
Conway on March 22 called upon him at
the County Clerk's office and asked him
to cash the order at the treasury as ,a
matter of convenience to a friend. Lyons,
on observing that the order was made
payable to. him, asked Conway for an ex
planation, and- Conway replied that as
Lyons was known to Cashier Perkins the
money would be promptly paid, but if
Cc'nway presented the order with hi3 own
name Perkins would think he was "graft
ing."*. In the. full, confidence that the of
der was genuine : and the transaction reg
ular Lyons presented: the order, received
the $250 and paid' if over to Conway in
Iront of Judge Graham's court. The in
ciaent passed out of his mind till Evans
called upon him on May 27 and asked him
v, hy he had withdrawn the bail money.
In cross-examination Lyons said he had
never spoken to Conway about the mat
ter till the night of May 27, when he met
him in a saloon at-Halght and Fillmore
streets with County Clerk Mahony and
others. At that time Conway showed a
¦receipt without- date from-Evans for the
$2M and remarked that it made him all
right. Lyons asked Conway why the re
ceipt had been made out in his name, and
Conway did • not reply. He had known
Conway for five or six years and had
every, confidence in him. ,
The Judge, in dismissing the case, re
viewed the testimony and said that In
view of the testimony of Mr. Perkins that
it was customary for some of the Judges
to make their treasury . orders, payable
to persons other than the persons deposit-
ing the money there was nothing in the
mere circumstance of Lyons' name being
mentioned as the payee in the order calcu
lated to. even arouse Lyons' suspicion that
the transaction was irregular, much less
criminal. The Judge added that he had
little, if any, sympathy for Lyons in his
present dilemma, as he had admittedly
suffered his complaisant disposition arid
desire to accommodate Conway to impli
cate him in an embarrassing way in a
seemingly -crooked transaction. Whether
Errand larceny was the proper charge
against Conway and Lyons was a mat
ter, tn his judgment, worthy of serious
consideration, but he was not prepared at
that time to pass definitely upon It.
Cohway's case was continued till Fri
day. •
The charge against Robert E. Lyons,
who was charged, in conjunction with
Frederick B. Conway" with grand lar
ceny by trick and device in withdrawing
from the- city treasury $250 bail money
deposited in the name of.J. M. Evans for
the release of Jessie Holland, was dis
missed by Judge Cabanlss yesterday.
Court Says It Has Little if
Any Sympathy for the
Young Man.
Judge\ Oabaniss Hdlds
There Was Lack of
Criminal Intent.
DISMISSES CASE
AGAINST LYONS
CUSTOMS i EXPERT WANTED.— The Civil
Service Commission . at .. . Manila has notified
Customs .Collector Stratton- that, it needs at
that port an expert In custom-house affairs to
whom it would be willlnit to pay 25 per cent
more salary than is paid for similar services
at this . port. ... • ¦ •
The' new programme at the Chutes
Theater attracted large audiences at both
performances yesterday. A great hit was
made by the Romany trio. Arthur Lane
the well-known barytone and light com
edian, was well received. Hill and Whit
aker, banjo duetlsts;. Mile. Laurelle, the
"queens of light";' the L.amonts, parlor
acrobats,' and .the. anlmatoscope, with now
moving pictures, completed an excellent
bill. The curtain ;willndt be raised until
9 o'clock to-night on account of the Mys
tic Shriners' " parade. '
Chutes.
. The Neill ! companv - pleasantly ¦ enter
tained at the California ; last night .with
an excellent presentation of. "The Jilt."
The' comedy contains many features
which seem to have been lifted bodily
from other plays with which San Fran
cisco, audiences are more familiar, but in
terest nevertheless is -not. allowed to flag
and" the unfolding of the plot" is ' watched
with closest care. - : The horse race in the
fourth- act, as seen in the ¦¦ enthusiastic
language and actions of the members of
th-i company, is so much better than that
sort • of -thing usually is and withal so ex
citing that the audience -was almost on
Its: feet - In applause last . night. Marian
Stone in the title role is ; irreproachable
Edythe Chapman, who has become such
a • favorite, • loses ; none of her charm as
the sweetheart of Nelll, who Is the hero
0/ ' the , play. Donald Bowles and Scott
Seaton in humorous roles succeed in pro
voking , a . great deal . of laughter.: Clif
ford Dempaey is a villain of the thor-
California.
'Although- In «- its tenth week the clever
burlesque,'.'. "Fiddle Dee.'Dee,"' Is drawing
as heavily/ at Fischer's as In the opening
week. Some, have . seen this show three
and' four : tlmes 'and never seem to tire of
the fun-makers, Barney: Bernard, Kolb,
Dill and others. ' In honor of the Mystic
Shriners the comedians sprung some new
jokes that tickled the visitors hugely.
To-morrow -afternoon >z. 'special perform
ance will be given br the Pollard Juve
nile Opera Company, which leaves the
following day. on the steamship Sierra for
a tour of- Australia.
, '; Fischer's.
The -bill for Shriners' week at tha Cen
tral Theater Is one of the most attractive
ever offered by that popular playhouse.
"A Guilty Mother" Is a melodrama that
contains : thrilling situations, pathos and
clever .comedy.' The. strongest cast yet to
appear, atithe playhouse presents the piece.
Fanny' Mclntyre, Annette Marshall and
Margaret Wycherly, three leading ladies
of ability, ; appear ' to ¦ good advantage.
They have '.congenial roles and make tho
most of ; them.. : GeorgIe Cooper, Mabel
Bowman and Agnes Rankin also do clever
Work. »¦ Messrs. Brown,- McVlcker, ' Emory,
Howell, Ross and Nicnolls make the most
of their parts. "The. play is handsomely
mounted- and' retains the interest of the
audience * from . start to finish. 1
Central.
..•Miss. Maude Fealy, the young star, com
menced her - third week's engagement at
the Grand Opera-house last night by pre
senting 'Jerome K. .Jerome's comedy,
"Miss Hobbs," supported by the stock
company: "It "¦ dragged ' considerably,' but
the ( fault . dld : . hot so much lie with the
players; as "with the play Itself.' It. is
crudely constructed and if there is a plot
it is so' simple that it is lost-sight of in
an- endeavor- to -find -out -what it is all
a.bout. -There is something of an attempt
on «the- part-' of- a- young man who -has
spent some years' in the Himalayas to
teach-Mlss Hobbs, a man-hater, , the ad
vatitage 6t abandoning the absurd position
she has chosen by telling, her some plat
itudes about women while shells' trying 'to
cook a.meal .f or ihlm on board his yacht
and -the -.play winds, up with, him success
ful, s Miss Fcaly struggled" bravely to'give
the:character ofi'Miss Hobbs-some of tho
life .which *;the author - bad omitted -in its
delineation and' sbe> was successful In In
tensifying^ the 'favorable impression she
created on her first- appearance two weeks
ago.- Herscjiel Mayall :was effective and
convincing as Wolff Klngsearl, the young
man from the Himalayas. These are the
only 1 - prominent parts in . the piece, tho
others being of little account.
Grand Opera-House.
There .was a. big audience at the Tivoli.
"The Toy Maker" still holds sway and
the • patrons ¦. of ¦ the popular opera-house
are duly appreciative of "the treat. Hart
man Is in his glory as the manufacturer
of toys. His -German accent is delicious
ly droll and his witticisms - create great
laughter. ' He is sLbly assisted by Harry
Cashman. Annie Myers does some very
clever acting, as v the doll and. sings as
sweetly as : ever. The chorus is in har
mony and under .the leadership of Pro
fessor Steindorff renders selections with
perfection. The second act is a gem in
its- way. Hartman makes a bunch of
clever children dance, and sing and imi
tate dolls. The climax of the act is a
pretty- one. A curtain rises In back, dis
closing gaily attired children mounted on
huge drums and other toys dear to the
hearts of : the little ones. The opera is
a tuneful one and bids fair to run many
nights. . •
Tivoli.
ough-bred," melodramatic type. " perhaps
a trifle too much emphasized. The others
of the cast dp not fail to adequately sup
port the leaders... ..
CLEVER PEOPLE WHO ARE
£ NOW APPEARING AT LOCAL
THEATERS. ;
There have been other Zazas, but the
Zazaof' Miss Florence Roberts is refresfi-
Ingly,. unlike .them- all. The play might
have • been written specially for her, and
had she been ,thp first to play It, last
night's applause ,would echo In the halls
of fame for many a day to come. But
not being the first, the critics will com
pare her with the first and the rest that
have come'after, arid the comparison will
by.no. means be to the advantage of Miss
Roberts.- It -is one of her best Imperson
ations, a splendid role for the display of
her. highest art ana one In which she
blends -her spontaneous humor and pa
thos as" only a true actress can. The au
dience had expected It,: for as the cur
tain 1 : rose there were volley of hand
clappings for each member of the excel
lent'company-as they -appeared upon the
stage, and when Zaza appeared and White
>Vhlttlesey,>the Bernard Dufresne of the
cast, there. was- a storm of welcome, and
at the 1 close of the first act .the .curtain
was • lifted ' again ! aha again/in response
to the" vociferous demand. At the end
of the. seconds act George Osbourne was
kept, busy piling- up' the floral' gifts that
came oyer th'e footlights and Miss Rob
erts .was jiot. allowed to retire until she
had -made a- little speech,: telling the peo
ple how happy - : their kind welcome had
made her. r There-was more of It at the
end of the next- act and the next, and
the 'next,' which was not over until after
midnight. - ' Zaza may be added to Miss
Roberts' -laurels as one of. the many tri
umphs oft her stage career. 1 She is ex
cellently^ supported by ! White Whittlesey
arid r the -J company. ' The play; Is scened
with, more than ordinary care, and the
costumes, are magnificent. ' ¦ * ' '
, 1 i The rAlcazar was packed to the . doors
to iwltriess; the performance and It will be
packed, every night during Miss Roberts'
season.' ••; .-¦-... ¦
Alcazar.
1 f-nrsaRELAWNY OF THE' ¦-WELLS"
1 did as well and much better' than
I most comedies to introduce . the
JJL Henry Miller and Margaret An
glin season at the Columbia Thea
ter last night. Not that it mattered par
ticularly what among the always good
things that Mr. Miller- offers was ciiosen.
Every one was there, and would have
been whatever the play, to welcome these
high favorites of the local stage, Pecu
liarly our own are Mr. Miller 'and "Miss
Anglln, and they bring with.them a_c6m- ;
pany that has not been, equaled in ac
complishment since— it is hard to ... say
when. Stars were simply dotted all over
the cast ot "Trelawhy," with players' of
fame fat enough to stock a half-dozen of
the ordinary } actor taking care of "Me
lud, the carriage waits," • and the like.
Mr. Miller, in small- type somerhalf-way
down the programme, has a'consplduous
ly and characteristically modest role; as a
frayed But happy actor. ', .
Margaret Anglin has more to'do," indeed
a part that fits and . delights as Rose
Trelawny — "Trelawny of the Wells"— yet
not a part that demands more than a
tithe of her power. There is no star role
in the play, but an altogether comfortable
balance of the many bright parts, and a
finish and style to the performance of
each that promise everything desirable
for the coming season'. Unchecked enthu
siasm reigned during the evening, each
familiar face — Mr. Miller, . Miss Anglin,
Charles Walcot, Mrs. Whiffen, Lillian
Thurgate, Ethel Homick, pretty Grace
EUlston, as a housemaid, with a smudge
on her face, William Courtleigh and many
others— receiving a personal greeting: - .
"Trelawny of the Wells" „ bids fair to
become a favorite among comedies here
to judge by Its reception last night. Per
haps Finero has done better things, but
the play is bright, amusing and an-ex
cellent evening's entertainment. '
The dramatis personae are mostly act
ors, of the early sixties, before the (Strut
and tear of the hair had gone the way/of
all things mortal. Its hero Is. supposed
to be the late Tom Robertson, . who intro
duced the art of being natural among the
ranting Thespians, In the play Tom
Wrench, done by Mr. Miller. The "Wells"
is Sadler's Wells, a playhouse of .ancient
fame in London, and "Trelawny". Is Miss
Rose Trelawny, sometime leading lady 'of
the same. The first act Introduces Tre
lawny bidding farewell to her former as
sociates, and on her way to the ancestral
home of her aristocrat lover where she Is
to be taken f for a month "on approval''
by his distinguished but .- dull ; relatives:
Very amusingly has Mr. Pinero pictured
the goodnatured players, their little Jeal
ousies, loudness, grandiloquence, the ex
igencies of the hoop skirt -also contribut
ing not a little to. the fun of the scene.
The next act opens In Cavendish Square.
Sir William Gower (done to complete con
viction by Mr. Walcot) the ¦ tyrannical
grandparent of Trelawny's lover, and
his formidable sister, are napping under
protecting newspapers, with the lovers
and two other subdued inhabitants hold
ing their breath' in '.fear of arousing the
sleepers. Bad - as' : things are in this
"dreadful after dinner' hour," they • are
worse when Rose, -roused to, audibility by
some lines she recites,*' wakens the gor
gons. And from bad It goes on to worse
The climax Js; reached .wiien. Miss Tre
lawny, in a fit of desperate defiance
caused by- being told not to play the
piano when Sir William is at his rubber
not to sit on the floor, not to sneeze in
vites some of her former friends to the
house after the too respectable household
has retired and is discovered in the midst
of what might be called now a "high old
time." Of course it comes right in- the
end,, with some -ingenious complications
by the way.
Miss Anglin, though suffering from a
cold, was all her charming self as Rose
Trelawny, with the grace of high com
edy that none better than she knows how
to give. Mr. Miller Is much In the back
ground as Tom Wrench, but- has stamped
his small opportunity with all the peculiar
strength that Is his. Mr. Walcot la - ex
cellent as Sir William Gower, and Wii
11am Courtleigh, Fred Thorne and Arthur
Elliot, give a brilliant little gallery of
actor portraits. Lawrence d'Orsay and
Charles Gotthold are also • valuable in
their places. Lillian Thurgate has a " de
lightful sketch of Avonla Bunn, and Mrs.
Walcot, Mrs. Whiffen and Miss Homick
are respectively, all .their. parts allow. It
¦was a brilliant performance, and' one can
sit back comfortably and wait with cer
tain pleasure for the coming bljls of what
promises' to be < a most- notable season.
If you are a good guesser you can en
joy the "Motoglrl" at the Orpheum. If
you" are not you will spend much time
worrying over your efforts to "place" the
young lady where she belongs. .If you
decide that she is a real flesh and blood
young woman you will appreciate tEo
cleverness she displays In imitating an
automaton; if you mako up your mind
that the figure Is a marvelous piece of
mechanical skill, then your worries com
mence. Altogether the "Motogirl" is a
mystery, and one worthy of efforts to
solve. IMurphy and Slater, colored sing
era and - dancers, and Barton and Ash
ley furnish lots of amusement, and How
ard Crambers, the barytone, is worthy
of hearty applause. The skits presented
by Le Roy and Clayton and Cushman,
Holcomb and Curtis make good impres
sions. • *s • ¦ . •-
Orpheum.
No applicant shall be privileged to take the
examinations unless he be the holder of a
valid teacher's certificate of a grade not lower
than the grammar grade.
Both the written and oral competitive ex
aminations shall .be marked on the scale of
100 credits each, thus making 200 credits for a
perfect standard. All the applicants shall be
arranged on a list In the order of their com
bined standing in both examinations. The
board shall determine the number which are
required ' for substitute duty and take such
number from the list of those examined in, the
order of their standing.
All assistants in primary and grammar
schools shall be appointed from a classified list
of such persons as shall successfully pass the
examinations. No person shall be appointed to
the eligible list without full and Impartial ex
amination of his or her qualifications and com
parison with the qualifications of all other per
sons whose names have come^before the board
as available for such appointment. No mem
ber of the Board of Education shall promise
or give any sort of assurance that any given
individual will be appointed to the* eligible
list or that any given, individual shall receive
his or her vote for such appointment. When
any name is placed on the eligible list record
shall be made of i any special qualification
which the person designated may possess and
of the kind or grade of work for which he
or she is specially suited.
APPOINTED FROM LIST.
Fifth — The next oral competitive examina
tion shall be held at the rooms of the Board
of Education Wednesday, July 9, at 0 a. m.
All' persons desiring -to enter the examina
tions except those who have done so since Au
gust 15. 1001, shall furnish the Board of Edu
cation at least ten days "prior to the time of
the competitive examination full information
relative to their " academic preparation, their
professional training (if any), and their ex
perience in teaching (if any). All- applicants
shall give not less than three nor more than
seven references to persons who are competent
to speak of their fitness for the work of
teaching-. Such references shall include the
persons whose present or former positions en
able them to give most exact and pertinent
information with reference to the applicant's
scholarship, training, and general
character and efficiency. The Board of Educa
tion will not consider general letters of recom
mendation; but they will request from the
persons referred to by applicant a confidential
statement as to the applicant's qualifications,
Buch statement to be given in answer to a
uniform list of questions to be furnished by
the board; . The board will also, in case of
doubt, call for and make use of . supplementary
information relating to the same, set of ques
tions from other persons who may b« deemed
competent to speak intelligently of the can
didate's qualifications, j
Fourth — The next 'written competitive exam
ination shall be held at the Girl's High School
(corner Geary and Scott streets), on Tuesday,
July 8. at 9 a. m. ¦
NEXT EXAMINATION.
Third— All teachers desiring to be appointed
to the eligible list shall be required to take
both a written and an oral competitive exam
ination on the practice \and theory of educa
tion.
Resolved. That all resolutions, orders and
rules relating to the probationary term ot
teachers be and are hereby rescinded, revoked
and annulled, provided, however, that this
resolution shall not affect the term of pro
bation of teachers. now in the department.
ResolTed, That the resolution adopted Au
gust 15. 1901, prescribing a plan for the se
lection of teachers in the public schools of San
Francisco be and the same U hereby repealed,
annulled and rescinded, and that all new as
signments to teaching positions in the schools
of San Francisco shall be from an eligible list
to be made up as follows:
First — The eligible list shall be composed of
not. more than tifty persons.
Second — The probationary term of all teach-
I ers . appointed to the eligible list shall be two
years from the date of their assignment to a
.class.
The Board of Education held a special
meeting yesterday, at the City Hall, for
the purpose* of adopting plans for regu
lating and accepting teachers for schools
of the city of San Francisco. After some
debate the following- resolution was
adopted: '• .
Rules Relating to x Proba
tionary Term Are Re
scinded.
of San Francisco ''
Teachers.
New Plan for Selection
ADOPTS SCHEME
OF APPOINTMENT
THE SAN FEAIsrCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1902.
Company^ One of Strongest Ever Here and Promise^Brilliaht Suc
cess—Florence Roberts Draws Great Throng to Alcazar— * 'The
Jilt" Finely Given at the Galifornia— "Toymaker" Prospers
"TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS" OPENS
MILLER SEASON AT THE COLUMBIA
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fUa signature Is on every box of Che gemi&m
Laxative Bromo-Quiiiine^u«ta
ttr* remedy th*t etu-cs o cold In «m «**
@ffi£vt*j
j^§8tofei& w e*»k Eyes gtrenftthened.
Painful or InHamed em la-
Wmm W»t«-. 60c. at 1071 MaSS
/JIV9ifr> M. Tel. South 572. Nona tea*
nln« without thu trad«m*rk.
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— — OF THK
Liverpool and
London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1001. and for
the year ending on that day, aa made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished hy the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company.. 11,865,833 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . 3,009.050 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 3,523.345 88
Cash In Company's Office. ....... . . 2.725 10
Cash in Banks... .; .-. 827.27S 25
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 18S 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 83,659 77
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ..". 1,141.385 13
Bents due and accrued.... 10,000 00
Due for P. P. Premiums......... . 92s CO
Total Assets .110,318.391 03
LIABILITIES. *
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6,978 £>
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense C03.910 65
Losses resisted, including expenses 72.025 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, S4.-
073,757 92; reinsurance at CO per
cent 2.038.878 08
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$4.-023,501 79; reinsurance, pro
rata 2,266.907 23
Amount reclaimable by the in-
• sured on Perpetual Fire Insur- r»V\
ance Policies 813.914 19
Liability under Life Department. 81,303 88
j Commission due 178.875 52
All other Liabilities 253. 4S0 68
Total Liabilities » <3.716.27*~5t
INCOME. ~~~ '
Net cash actually received for
t, F1^ JJ"? 111111 ? 8 , * * * V ' W.502.418 51
Received for Interest on Bonds
and mortgages 131.438 72
Received for interest and divl- •
denda on Bonds, Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 90 546 92
Received from all other sources.. 961*47 B3
Total Income »5,820.867~68
EXPENDITURES.
Kit amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $469,901 33. losses of
previous years) $3 trslIUA kt
Paid or allowed for Commission or *^' ow ' i> * a °*
Brokerage •/>. ««, ,, ,
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other 1K *' SG * ra
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 844 SSd rx
Paid for State. National and a **' sso ra
Local taxes 133 «4S at
All other payments and expendl- '
tures 859,324 18
Total Expenditures $5.551.923 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ~* "
• written during! the
Nr^nount cV Si
expired during the
RtS^Ktg? 783 ' 988 ' C87 "»•* «
¦ December 31. 1901. 911.528,314 8.C97.259 61
HT W. EATON, Res. Manager.
_ . __ OEO. W. HOTT. Deputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27tk
day ot January, 1902. ¦
W. H. WILDET,
Notary Public
Pacific Department
422 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN^i -
Resident Secretary.
C. MASON KINNE,
Assistant Secretary.
A $20 Belt
ff-fjP^TT^ufr m. ¦npT'Hf if Same as others
Xilr*^nffi^iTi"v|lnfl' *Jr*^ uine; not a toy.
3h*« numbugf. It cures with-
«£*? out medicine. Not sold
"'7J4* by druggist9. No dis-
counts. Free by mall on receipt of price.
Circulars free. Ask for the "Dr. Alden Elec-
tric Belt." Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 2OO Post St.. S. F., 0% 33,7^'
Twenty-fourth st.. New York. \\ V«^ -
. -. _^ >r
The Weekfe Xalt
61 pep^yea^. jf*
The Danger Period for Gtc
Nervous and Broken Down In
Health Is Rapidl^ Drawing
Y Nigh-
"In 1S99 I was compelled to abandon my
profession because cf nervous prostration
consequent upon exposure, hard study,
and overwork. A number of physicians
declared I would never recover, but I
tried Paine's Celery Compound, and in
less than a year increased in weight from
141% to 215 pounds. During the recent
strike of the Steel "Workers, finding my-
self ready to collapse, and fearing a re-
currence of my former trouble. I returned
to my former friend, Paine's Celery Com-
pound, and already am feeling more vig-
orous and able to meet and discharge tha
duties of my office."
If there Is mental depression. loss of
energy," lack of vivacity, dullness of the
eyes, blanched cheeks and lips, confusion
in the head,' defective memory, love of
solitude— all these are direct indications
of coming nervous collapse, and call for
the immediate use of that nerve feeder,
strength giver, and blood enricher, Paine's
Celery Compound. This Heaven-sent pre-
scription is a peerless remedy for your
dangerous troubles. President T. J. Shaf-
fer, of the Amalgamated Association of
Iron. St?el and Tin "Workers of the Uni-
ted States, writes from Pittsburg, Pa., aa
follows:
. This is the time when nervous debility
and nervous prostration begin to manifest
themselves. The comingr hot weather will
only add fuel to the flrc of suffering and
disease. - -
Paine'a Celery Compound has saved
thousands of people from nervous pros-
tration and collapse brought on through
sleeplessness, weakened nerves, and im-
poverished blood. The great medicine has
made thousands well. It has conquered
weakness and ill health when everything
else has failed. :T -. .
ease and Nourishes the
Nervous Systemi
Paine's Celery
Compound
Banishes All Symptoms _of Dis-
PAUSE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
I High Mark J
When perfection Is reached
| > the highest mark is touched. < j
f -Hunter |
I Whiskey I
ill l\
\l laperfectin - , |>
I Age, Purity, Flavor. -If-
II Its standard of quality Is W
i| ; unique, uniform, invariable. \ >
|j It is always best by every tl
I • I
I 1 SJS?XS, WISE COMMISSION CO., Ine^ | £
Straw Hats I
} If you have not bought your straw hat for summer, of course •
1 you will this week, for the hot weather is here to stay.
To make your buying easy we make a number of suggestions
¦ concerning our hat department.
2 Alpine shape straws for man or boy ..$1.OO, $1.50, $2.00
Yacht shape straws for man or boy
' ••••••/•¦ 45c . 7Sc , $1.OO, $1.50 and $2.6o
' Crash hats for man or boy on outing trips, 50c; Boys' also •
at ..25c
* Sailor shape crash hats, with large brims,
........ 45cT75c, $l!o6"and $i'.5O
Straw hats, just received from Mexico, for ladies and chil-
dren; just the thing for outing hats; large or small- shapes... ¦ V
...................... 15c, 25c and 75c
t Crash hats for ladies .......45c and 75c
I Out-of-town orders filled—write us. ! "
7 Market Street