VOLUME XGn-NO. '9.
'SAN- ; FRANCISCO; MOND Af ; :|TJiE;:9," 1902. ¦<
PRICE FIVE CENTS. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
MYSTIC SHRINERS WILL GIVE ROYAL WELCOME
TO PILGRIMS ON THE SHORE OF
BALBOA'S REGNANT SEASCENE AT THE FERRY BUILDING ON THE ARRIVAL, OF A DELEGATION OF MYSTIC SHRINERS AND
THEIR RECEPTION BY THE LOCAL COMMITTEE, TOGETHER WITH A PORTRAIT OF THE CHAIRMAN
OF THE LADIES 1 RECEPTION COMMITTEE, WHO WILL ENTERTAIN TO-DAY.
cago, Blight. ' • • ' '-.
The excursion was under the auspices
of the German Aid Society 1 of Alpena;
When the train reached Black River the
tender jumped -the track, Engineer-Hop
per Instantly set the brakes and reversed.
The sudden . stop threw the first three
coaches off the track and into the ditch.
The first car was thrown half around and
the next coaches . plowed through it and
cut it In two.- August Groslnski;- the only
person killed, was seated In this coach.
His body was. terribly, crusHed^.The ;es
cape of the others in the car. was mlracu
. A relief .train from Alpena ; arrive(
Pu°? P 4 tlyi „ brt nelTOT eight r 8urgeons.v 'Al
the Injured were brought to this city. ;
REDDING, June 8.— A . flatcar broke
loose' from the yard train on the Iron
Mountain Railroad this morning. The
train had drawn a string of cars up- to
the scale house and when at a standstill
on the main track opposite the scales a
brake chain, broke. • ,The. flatcar started
down the steep grade toward the Southern
Pacific depot, nearly a mile distant.
Yardmaster Edward Lammi3 attempted
to Jump from the car, but through an ac
cident was . thrown off, and received a
severe strain of the right. hand. The car
sped 'on 'at- a: fifty-mile an hour clip. Ben
Parker and " Tom - Sullivan were on- the
car when it started". In alighting from it
in Its terrific flight th.ey both were badly
bruised by contact with rocks:
Engineer George Hardy was In the cab'
of. his engine when. the car started. He
threw 'the throttle wide open and started
after it. Then- a wild and exciting race
was on. The .car had a start of the en
gine by several lengths. The car was
eventually overtaken near the Iron Moun
tain pumping station, close to the South
ern Pacific track.- The automatic coupling
device worked perfectly and the runaway
was captured. The engine was reversed
and "brought to a standstill within "one
hundred feet after capturing: the car.
Engine Makes Thrilling
Chase on a Mountain
TO-DAY
io 'a.. tn.— Reception to the Imperial Potentate and visiting Nobles at the Palace. Delegations
will be received at their respective headquarters in the leading hotels.
Afternoon and evening— Nobles and their friends will make fraternal visits . to delegation
p a. m.— Parade moving from Market and New Montgomery streets io Golden Gate Hall/
where the Imperial Council zvill meet. The line of march will be along Montgomery street to Call
>, thence to Kearny, to Market, to Stockton, to Sutler..
Afternoon— Ladies' reception to Nobles and their friends at the Lick House.
7 p.m.— Night parade of rally at, the Pavilion. ..:
/¦ , - '. '.'.. V WEDNESDAY. ¦ \\ \\. '. -V' *
Morning— Trip to Tamalpais;' Afternoojv— Reception by Los, Angeles Temple al I the Palace.-.
Evening-r-Promenade concert, at Pavilion. '"..:' •: . '¦".:.."'. •".~'0. :
$01 THURSDAY. vMMM$B0?M&^%
: Morning— Drive to, Cliff f presidio and through Park. Afternoon— Competitive drill at Oak^
land Park': Evening — Concert in the Pavilion. ' -¦ •...-
Morning — Trip by rail on wishbone track; Evening— Ball at the Pavilion, i 1 . ' • • •;. •
. \ : 'S:\ "¦ -,- ./*;. SATURDAY. \ :'¦. *¦'* '¦ ' ¦.'"- ; ,, : ' >V; ' . ;V-./. V.!.
' Morning— Excursion on the 'bay. ' Evening— Banquet in the Pavilion. \ ',.„.;. i'L
PROGRAMME OF EVENTS DURING SHRiNER WEEK.
San Salvador Is Shaken.
PANAMA, June 8. —W*brd came from tba
Call-Herald correspondent In San Salva
dor that slight earthquake shocks wera
felt there on Friday. The shocks lasted
only a short time.
The Persians have three kinds of guitars
—the sitar, the tar and suz— all played
either with the fingers or with a plec
trum. -.-. k j -
RUNAWAY CAR
IMPERILS LIVES
TASTY . DECORATIONS.
[ The decorations . of Golden Gate Hall,
where the sessions of the Imperial Council
: \ The following members of the reception
cbnimittee, all of this city* will b,e at the
fef ry. building tins morning to receive the
Incoming Shriners: \; * ' . '
'."•James Lawrence, Henry Burner, Dr. E. .S.-
Howard.G. i E. Bacon, Dr. Miller. Dr. E. Tt.
Bryant* Asa R. Wells. Charles Bliss, H. j. W,
.Diakelsplel," R. A. Eddy. C. H, Evans, A. M.
¦ <to%; s. A". Chrlstenson, John Farnham, A. " C.
.tfreese.'J. Lac*mann,.J. H. Firth. G. D, Clark,
Aaam .Beck, Charles E. Green, -R. - B: /-Hale.
George D. Graham, John Daggett, D* E. Hayes>
L. 1 M. : Hoeffler. J. W. Relss, J. C.;Crooks.-iA"
Kyle, George A. Knight, W. H.'- L. Earnest's.*
M. Shortridge. JL. W. Foster, C. W. Slack. S.
W. Rosenstock, T. B.. Kent, J. H. SUme,. K.
C. Hughes. I* Wadham, J. M. Peel. T. A.
Nerney, E. V. Pasquale, ' N. H.- Neustadter,
Martin Jones, T. P. Andrews, J. H. Scott, A.
S. J. de Guerre, Henry Knuat, T. Klrkpa trick.
Armour McLaughlln, R. Ash. W. H. Burnham,
A. F. Westphal, W. H. Metson, J. H. Hatch.
E. W. Tucker, Adam Andrew, J. G. Llebold,
A. C. Rulofson, F. W. Sherman, Anton Krleg,
J. M. Troutt, Carroll Cook, Robert Wyley J.
I* Martin, J, K. Moulter. William Dynes. W.
H. Eckel. C. Leonhardt, Thomas McCall. C. P;
Overton. J. : F. . Merrill, H. T. Graves, Robert
Day, M. Ii. Culver, • George E. Ames, S. .C.
Denson, R. W.' Carson, H. J. Burns. J.G.
Dcolittle, J. W. Anderson, A. E. Buckingham,
P. J Jacobovlcs. Theodore Froellch, J." R. Altken,
E;F. Delger, F. H. Day. G. T,. Brownley,
George W. Perkins, Boaz D. Pike, H. W.
Goodall. W. C. Wise and A. Hugruenln.
TO . WELCOME SHRINEES.
mann, Mrs. Francis Ferrier. Mrs. I* Newman,
Mrs. J. F. Clover. Miss M. Goodman, Miss
Umbson. Mrs. A; B. Wood, Mrs. A,. J. . de
Laman, Mrs. George Habernicht. Mrs. F. P.
Ladd, Mrs. T. C. Payne, Mrs. G, H. Pippy,
Mrs. R. -McMillan. Mrs. J. Tonninssen, Mrs.
D. JL Payne, Mrs. 'L. A. Arzner, Mrs. W. ;E.
Edwards. ... • . . . .'
He retired from active business mor*
than fifteen years • ago, and about tea
years ago came to Long Beach possessed
of sufficient means to keep him comfort
ably. Unfortunate investments depleted
his -little fortune and left him compara
tively poor. For the past two years h*
had suffered from a complication of dis
eases, among them rheumatism. Cheerful
ness, which had been a prevailing: trait in
his disposition, gave way to despondency,
and he had often been heard to express
the wish that he could die. His only liv
ing relatives besides the wife are Fred
Payne, a nephew, of Washington, D. C.
and Mrs. Delano, a niece, wife of a naval
officer at Newport News, Va.
Born an Episcopalian, •; he always took
pxi active interest io. the work of that de
¦hom'fnatio'n.'!.He .was -one of the forty
.'3Trejn.;who >f aunded the Trinity ! Episcopal
•Church of Sctn Francisco, the first on thi3
coast, and was the only surviving orig
inal-member of that church. During tho
progress of his life he gave much money
to the church, and was instrumental in
founding Episcopal mjssions in many ot
the- smaller towns In the vicinity of San
Francisco.
. Hale was born ; in New York eighty
eight years ago, and in 1S49 joined tha
rush of ; gold-seekers to California. He
sailed around- Cape Horn and reached
San Francisco late in tnat year. He was
not- successful in the gold district, and
after sevral yeaYs spent In the Sacra
mento Valley he returned to San Fran
cisco and engaged , in business. He fol
lowed various callings, but in the insur
ance business he made a comfortable for
tune. - . , .¦_¦¦.., ••.-, •
LONG BEACH, June 8.— Reduced from
a condition of comparative wealth almo3t
to poverty, and suffering from illness
which left him not a moment free from,
pain, Augustine Ward Hale, a '49'er,
placed the muzzle of a revolver in his
mouth this afternoon and blew off the
back of his head. . The deed was commit
ted in an outhouse at his home, and hi3
aged wife, attracted by the shot, foun-i
him dead on the floor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
of Trinity Church
a Suicide.
Last Surviving Founder
TiHE most prominent Nobles of
the Mystic Shrine, representing
leading citizens from all parts
of the Union, ' are the guests
' of San Francisco. More than
2000 arrived yesterday and half that num
ber are to reach the city before noon to
day. "To all of these the people of San
Francisco extend the greeting made fa
mous by the order, "Es Selamu Aleikum."
meaning "Peace be unto ycu all."
From early morn till late in the cven
ir^; the delegations of Nobles arrived at
the ffVry, whe:e they were gve i the light
hand of fellowship by the members of
the reception committee. Colonel J. F.
Burgin, who represented General War
tield, had his hands full, in locating the
various parties of Nobles in accordance
with the schedule prepared by the hotel
committee. The work was performed in
an expeditious manner and to the com
plete satisfacticn of the visitors.
: Each delegation as it arrived was met
by the reception committee, of wh.ch
«nere were fifty members or more con
stantly on duty and escorted to the ferry
Xiave where the "Es Selamu Aleikum"
and the **Ale*ium es Selaam" were -ex-:
changed. Alter the salutations were con-;
eluded the Nobles were directed to their
icspective caravansaries. The committee
will remain on duty at the ferry to-uay
cr until such time .• s the last ; Shriner.
special arrives. "..;; .'..
MANY CASAVANS AESIVE. • •.
I The arrivals during £heT day -*yere nu
merous. Damascus xexnpie special, num-
Ltrmg 194 persons from ¦ and
Buftaio, N. K., came' m eariy . and Vprb
ceeaed to headquarters at- the .Palace. At
1:15 p. m. the lsis Temple'.sfieeial' from
fsalina, Kan., swelling ihe-r. hum,oer of
isobies by t>5, arrived. .At. 1:55 the special
occupied by the .Nobles' of Al iCcran to
the number of 115 reached the city. The
Nobles were given a hearty greeting. An
hour later I2o persons of Moolah Temple
of St. Louis iandedat the ferry slip jnd
were- greeted with the mystic salutation.
The special containing 141 representatives
of Moila Temple of Sat. Joseph, Abdullah
Temple of Leavenworth and Za Ga ZIg
Temple of Des Moines, arrived about the
ssamt: time. Smaller delegations arrived
by every train.
The largest delegation to arrive during
lhe day was the McGee party from New
¥prk at 3:15 p. m. The train was in two
sections, the party numbering 21S people.
Among the leading representatives in this
party were the following:
ilecca Temple, New Tork — George W. Miller,
James McGee, S. R. Ellison and Charles A.
Benedict, known as the "B!g Four" among
Khriners.
Kismet Temple. Brooklyn — C. A. Tonsor, J.
A. Cook, Dr. J. Frank Valentine.
Oriental Temple Troy — E. H. Miller M C.
Allen. Charles H. Smith. Edward H. Clark.
Pyramid Temple. Bridgeport, Conn. — F. J.
JCarramore.
Sphinx Temple, Hartford, Conn. — Rial S.
Peck. W. T. Marchant.
"* Melha Temple. Springfield, Mass. — Charles
H. "U'eller, William Titus, R. H. Dickey.
Cyprus Temple, Albany, N. Y. — Thomas J.
Bishop.
Rajah Temple. Redding. Pa. — Philip Bissin
get.
Media Temple, Watertown. 2C. J.^-J. A. Mc-
Connell, George W. Roberts.' - . -
ENTERTAINED EUT ROUTE.
' The party left New York on Saturday.
May 31, and on arriving at Cincinnati
was royally entertained by Syrian Tem
ple. The party was crowded into eight
Pullmans, and after reaching the Middle
West it was found necessary to divide the
train into two. sections. Imperial Poten
tate Shaffer going with the second sec
tion. This section was delayed several
hours at Minton, Colo., because of a
wreck, and this caused the section to
reach this city several hours after the
first. Both parties were well entertained
en route. At Denver the Nobles were en
tertained by El Jebel Temple, and Pikes
Peak and other points of Interest were
visited. At Salt Lake City the members
of. the party bathed in the lake and at
Sacramento the resident Nobles gave the
visitors, a breakfast and coach ride about
the city. The delegation expressed itself
as being heartily pleased with its journey
across the continent.
Imperial Potentate Philip C. Shaffer ar
rived shortly after 8 o'clock with Mr3.
Shaffer and party. They were accorded a
fcearty reception and their escort to the
imperial headquarters at the Palace was
jin imposing spectacle. The potentate ex
pressed himself as being in excellent trim
aod ready ,for,the arduous work of the
week. He was accompanied by Past Im
perial Potentates William B.. Me.llish of
Cincinnati and Lou B. Windsor of Grand
J&apids, Mich, Sixty of the party are
domiciled at the Palace and the remain
der at the St. Nicholas.
¦ A telegram was received at headquar
ters last night from Carlin, Nev., an
nouncing that Naija Temple, from Dead
wood. S. D., was with the Denver special
and would arrive here this morning. The
telegram was from Representative A. J
Mallezener. who neglected to state th*
cause of the delay.
Isews was received from Cinnabar.
Mont., stating that El Jebel Temple, from
Denver, was all right and that the party
expected to reach the Oakland mole be
scre 10 o'clock this morning.
HEADQUARTERS VISITED.
¦¦ The tieadquarters of Islam Temple in
the Spreckels building annex, was a scene
of intense activity all day yesterday.
Hundreds of Nobles from all parts of the
cpuntry made pleasant calls upon mem
bers of the local Shriners and hearty
greetings were extended. For the thirsty
there was ample of the best con*
jtantly on tap, and it is need
less to say that the colored porter
who has charge of the liquid refreshment
f^S 3 ; 1^ 1^' toun & Uttle time in which to
twirl his thumbs. Many ladies called dur
ing the day and evening and for the
greater part of the time standing room in
the headquarters was at a premium.
At the Palace a like state of affairs pre
vailed. Most of the visiting delegations
are quartered there, and friends of the
visitors are constantly on hand to render
the stay of friends enjoyable. The frater
nal greetings were numerous and hearty
Visiting nobles and their wives, sisters
cousins and aunts thronged the. corridors
and courtyard, each wearing the Islamic
badge, the whole presenting a scene of
animation and radiant color extremelv
pleasant to the onlookers. At the St
Nicholas, the Lick, Occidental and other
hotels where headquarters have been es
tablished, the crowds are constantly in
creasing in size, the result being an ac-
tivity quite refreshing to all who have oc
casion to call at the respective hostelries.
LADIES WILL HECEIVE.
Now that the week of festivities is well
on considerable interest is being manifest
ed in the nature of the events which are
programmed by, the various committees.
To-day there will be numerous receptions
of visiting nobles and their friends by the
local Shriners and their ladies. The more
notable of the receptions to be given will
be that of the ladies at the Lick House,
beginning at 2 o'clock and ending at 5
p. m.- The reception committee is com
posed of many of the best-known ladies in
the city and includes the following named:
Mrs. 'A. "W. McKenzie. chairman; Dr. Edna
R. FleM, Mrs AV, H. Titus. Mrs. T. L. Hill,
Mrs. H T. Graves .'Mrs. John Bennett,.. Mrs.
H. Asheroft, Mrs. R. P. Hulburt. Mrs.. C. C.
ICeitton, Mrs. B. P. Flint. Mrs. J. K. Firth,
Mrs. W.' A. Scott, Mrs.' W.'' E. Lut2, Mrs. S.
Hendy. Mrs. Martin Jones, Mrs. O. T. West
phal, Mrs. William ClulT, Mrs. J. M. Peel, MtB.
Theo Relchart. Mrs. J. M. Spaulding. Mrs. C.
S. Benedict, Mrs. George Armstrong. Mrs.
George Graham. Mrs. J. C. Campbell. Mrs. A.-
W. Baldwin, Mrs. Carroll Cook. Mrs. F. W.
Sumner. Mrs. A. B. McDonnell, Mrs. George
Clark Mrs. F. W. Marsten. Mrs. J. H. Bruce,
Mrs. Sam Shortrtdge. Mrs. W. D. Keyeton. ,
The committee will be assisted by the
following-named ladies:
Mrs C L. Haskell Mrs. C. A. Warren. Mrs.
3 C. ' Wllklns, Mrs. G. E. Bushnell. Mrs. L.
B. Miller. Mrs G. L.. Spear, Mrs W. R. PaRUe,
Mrs. A/L. J. <Je Guerre, Mrs. A.'S. Soule, Mrs.
C. M. Abrams. Mrs. C. M. Plum. Mrs. Ted
Cohen, Mrs. M. A. Chrlstensen. Mrs. W. IV
Jones. Mrs. T J. Crowley. Mrs. B. F. Garrett
Mrs. W. L.. Growall. Mra. A. G. Nelson, Mrs.
T. J. Brown. Mrs. W. 8. Southard, Mrs Harry
Furman, Mrs. J. Farnham, Mrs. B. F. | Stoll,
Mrs. J.' S. Potts. Mrs. R. L. Hathorn. Mrs.
TV. H. Dynes, Mrs. W. S. Gage, Mrs. Georg«
W Llppman. Mrs. H. Jacobson, Mrs. M.
Torpmann, Mrs. H. Noah, Mrs. C>M. Torp-
EXCURSION TRAIN
GOES INTO DITCH
One Passenger Is Killed
and Fifty Others
Badly Injured.
ALPENA, Mich., June 8.— An excursion
train on the Detroit and Mackinaw Rail
road, made up of engine and twelve
coaches, which left here this morning for
Saginaw, carrying more than 500. people,
was wrecked at Black River, while run
ning forty miles an hour. One man was
Instantly killed, three were . probably
fatally Injured and nearly fifty others re
ceived injuries of various degrees of se
verity, ranging from bruises to broken
limbs. ¦ • '
Killed:
AUGUST GROSIKSKI. Alpena.
Most seriously injured: John McCarthy,
Alpena, arm broken and serious internal
Injuries, will probably die; Ernest Laga
taski, Alpena, leg broken and probably
fatal internal injuriea; Jacob Mondorff,
Alpena,- probable fatal injuries; Otto
Knowshy, ¦ head badly cut and breast in
jured; Lewis Peppier. Alpena, thigh frac
tured; George Boyne, Buffalo, sprained
back and face and neck bruised; Carl
Beyer, leg broken and head seriously in
jured; Ernest Des Jardlnes, Joseph Swal
low, Thomas Connors, Christian Wolff
Jerry Sherrette, John Beck. J. C. Rorison'
Sylvester Klebba, Charles McDonald. Mrs'
Charles McDonald, P. J, Goldsmith. Chi-
RENO, Nev., June 8.— El Jebel Temple,
Denver -Drill Corps and Cook Zouave
Band, sixty-five pieces, nine cars, arrives
to-morrow morning ' about 9 o'clock.
NOTED PIONEER.
ENDS HIS LIFE
WILL ARRIVE TO-DAY.
BAKERSFIELD, June 8.— Phoenix Tem
ple, Nobles- of the Mystic Shrine, number
ing, some fifty nobles, en route to the
grand conclave at San Francisco-, tarried
at Bakersfield for dinner this afternoon
and departed on the Santa. Fe limited at
2-o'clock. - - ¦-
NOBLES . AT .BAKERSEIELP.
LOS ANGELES, June 8.— Nobles of the
Mystic Shrine of Al Malaokah Temple,
-Los' Angeles, to the number of 300 left for
¦San> Francisco at 2 o'clock this afternoon
: oh*a special train. 'All -day Shriners were
•leaving for the north on specials and reg
•ular trains, : fully S00- departing. -
SHBINEBS LEAVE LOS ANGELE3.
are to be held, and at the Pavilion, where
the rally of the nobles is to take place to
morrow evening, are almost finished and
are on a scale of grandeur seldom seen In
this ctty. No expense has been spared by
the committee to make these decorations
what they will be, the most gorgeous and
tasty ever seen here. Of course, the em
blems of the Mystic Shrine, the scimiter
and crescent, the ear-tern star and the
paraphernalia of the caravan, are in evi
dence everywhere. The Pavilion is a
scene of beauty calculated to inspire pa
triotism in the hearts of the visiting no
bles, the British and American colors be
ing prominently displayed. The floral
decorations are tasty, and when the ban
queters seat themselves next Saturday
evening the surroundings will be such as
will linger long in their memory. . .
Contrary to general expectations, the
streets were not illuminated last night. It
was found impossible to complete the im
mense work in time, but the announce
ment Is made that the incandescent Iamp3
will be in working order by to-night, when
a general illumination extending from the
ferry building to Van Ness avenue will be
made. Citizens are requested by the com
mittee to assist in lighting up the city and
to decorate with flag and bunting wher-«
ever possible. ' ¦ * ' .
One of the most popular Shriners in the
organization. Oscar A. Fisher of Medinah
Temple, Chicago, arrived here yesterday
morning and immediately set about pre
paring for a week's pleasure. This is Mr.
Fisher's first visit to California, and he
comes prepared to "go the limit" in in
endeavor to make his visit an enjoyable
one.
Over Two Thousand
.of the Visitors Are
Already in the City
Ladies' Reception at
Lick to Begin the
Week's Festivities
Cheery Greeting 0*
the Order Is Heard
at Depot and Hotel
Many Special Trains.
Arrive, With More
. to Follow To-Day
CAR AVANS OF SHRINERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE UNION
REACH SAN FRANCISCO AND ARE MOST ROYALLY RECEIVED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, iJTJNE 9, 1902.
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
For sale by all dealers; price 50 cents.
Foster-Mil burn, Co.. Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the nanie-^Doan's— and takp
no substitute '
If the reader took the time and trouble
to ask his fellow residents of San Fran-
cisco the simple question given below ha
would obtain the one ¦ answer. If ha
wculd read the statements now being pub-
lished in San- Francisco, which refer to
this answer, it would surprise him to
note that they number *¦ so many. A3
many more could be and may be pub-
lished, but -in the meantime ask the first
person you meet what cures backache.
Here is a citizen who indorses our claim:
William Ellis, stevedore, of 731 Folsom.
street, says: "I was never laid up witb
backache, but many a time I thought the
pain across my loins would force me to
leave. work, particularly if I was engaged
in any heavy employment Long before
backache existed . I had trouble with the
kidney secretions, which were of a dark
and somewhat sandy color. I noticed
Doan's Kidney Pills advertised, and as
my back was lame and aching at the
time I went to the. No Percentage Drug
Store. 949 Market street, for a box. A
continuation of the treatment absolutely
cured the last attack."
THEF ALL SAT SO.
Not Only In San Francisco, bat la
; , Every Ctty and Town In the
Union.
Catarrh, Deafness,
.Disease^ Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGBAiii'S X&
Regular rraduate and expert on EAR, NOSE
-¦ THROAT and LUNG "DISEASES.
204 Suiter street, NW. tor. of Kearay
. Hours. 9-12 a. m.; 1-3 and T-8 p.' m. •
rnrr AN honest trial- of one
rKCr WEEK- given to show- the su-
perior merit of the treatment
WOO test cases, 95 per cent cured. Call at
©ace or write for free treatment.ENVOY RJ2ID IN LONDON.
Our. public schools : 'have 'hitherto -accom
plished one , «rreat thine, and that -. is ' to " weld
children ¦ of. a . cosmopolitan people ' into ons
solid ". nation. ¦ That has been our pride :{ and
glory. . Our. schools have removed barriers be
tween class and cIusb, or between caste and
caste, which has been the bane of other lands.
But this is not all. The charge has been
made that some deserving pupils have
been shut out. of the fraternities because
they were not in financial circumstances
which would permit them, to "keep up
their end." On * his point Rabbi Kaplan
gave public utterance to these* words:
There has been for some time an under- J
current of opposition on the part of.'
parents to the fraternities, and this oppo
sition has been shared In to no small ex
tent by teachers in the schools. . The sen
timent found expression Friday night
from the pulpit of the Synagogue B'nal
Israel, when Rabbi Bernard M. - Kaplan
'made the fraternities a subject for a ser
mon, in which he denounced them as de
structive of the American idea of equal
ity Principal Frank Tade of the High
School, himself a fraternity man, has
publicly admitted that the fraternities
Have In many cases tended to lessen schol
arship, while Miss Anna C. Weeks, prici
pal of the Sacramento Grammar ' School,
which annually prepares scores of pupils
for the High School, has characterized
them as an undesirable Influence.
¦ One member of the Board of Education
has been quoted as declaring that the
board has no right to forbid pupils from
belonging to any social organizatipn>they
desire, and the lawbooks have been re
sorted to in an endeavor to discover some
warrant for the abolishment' of the ob
jectionable societies. : • ,2 T ,/-
Former School Director F. L. Atkinson,
a prominent local physician,? declares he
opposed the' "frats" the > moment they
showed their head, but as Principal Pond
stood sponsor for them he could accom
plish nothing. Dr. * Atkinson says the
daughters of the well-to-do are enabled
to attend the fraternity parties in costly
attire, while the daughters of the poor
are obliged to remain away because they
cannot afford to present as attractive \ an
appearance with respect to dress as their
more- favored sisters. ' \ ' ;
SACRAMENTO, June 8.— Appeals -are
being made to the Board of Education to
abolish the local High School fraternities,
and considerable feeling has been aroused
on both sides. The first fraternity was
introduced in Sacramento about four
years ago by J. H. Pond, then priclpal of
the local High School but now principal
of the High School at Oakland. Since
then the idea has grown and the fraterni
ties have become powerful in numbers,
with affiliations at Berkeley and other
seats of learning. • >
Special 'Dispatch to The Call,
War 'Against Sacra
mento School Soci
eties Continues.
MORGAN LEAVES ITALY
TO ATTEND CORONATION
Beports , That Great Financier- Is
Broken Down in Health Are
Unfounded.
VENICE, June 8.— The statement, pub
lished in the United States that J. P. Mor
gan had broken down and was in the
hands of a physician is ; without ' founda
tion.' Morgan and hls'family left Venice
on the yacht Corsair June 1, and he was
then in good health. It was Morgan's in
tention to proceed from some Italian port
overland to England to attend the corona
tion of King Edward.
BRINDISI, Italy, June 8.— J. P. Morgan
arrived here this morning on board the
yacht Corsair and later in the day left for
London by rail. ¦ ¦ ,
Mob Gathers for Lynching.
HARRIMAN, Term., j June 8.— The ¦ wife
of John Bailey, a farmer, was found dead
at her home to-day. George Robert, aged
14, a colored servant, Is suspected, and to
night a' crowd has gathered, bent upon
lynching « him. ;
A few of the Boer women .still Inveigh
against surrender, but the , general • feel
ing among them is in favor of making the
best of the situation. ,
Among the men who surrendered to the
British authorities at Balmoral, Cape
Colony, were four Americans, who will
be granted free passage to Delagoa Bay.
• A strange sign' of the altered conditions
In South Africa is that Lord Mllner, the
British . liigh Commissioner, . rode . from
Pretoria to Johannesburg last Saturday
accompanied only by two staff officers.
In many such Instances thi Boers have
cheered King Edward, and they • have
Bometimes expressed surprise that no
army "was sent out to receive their sur
renders. The Boers are allowed to re
tain their horses and saddles. . The ma
jority of them appear to" be glad that the
war is at an end and that they will now
to be able to rejoin their families.
The Boer leader goes out to meet a
commando and returns at its head. The
Boers who come In are generally dressed
in dilapidated clothing, but have a smart
and soldierly bearing. Those who are to
surrender are assembled and the Boer
leader delivers an address to his men,
urging them to listen to the British offi
cer who has been detailed on this work.
The I British officer then makes a speech
to the men of the commando, in which he
informs them, of the admiration of King
Edward and the British nation for the
gallant struggle and the bravery of their
people and promises that the British au
thorities will do their utmost to help them
resettle on their farms. A meal is then
provided for the Boers, after which" the
formal surrenders occur.
Dispatches received from Pretoria con
firm the statements made in Lord Kitch
ener's communication to the War Office
and say that the whole staff of the late
Transvaal Government, with a bodyguard
of fifty men, surrendered last Saturday.
The following formalities are observed
when General ' Botlm., General Dewet or
any of the Boer commandants accompany
the British officer who, has been detailed
to receive surrenders:
Tbe disarmament of the Boers is proceeding
satisfactorily and good spirit is displayed ev
erywhere. Yesterday 4312 rifles had been sur
rendered up to date.
LONDON, June 8.— In a letter from
Pretoria, dated May 18, the correspondent
of the Daily Mail says that the previous
day (Thursday) sixty arrests were made
there as the result of- the discovery of an
extensive plot to blow up the Government
buildings and Lord Kitchener's residence
and to spike the guns in the artillery bar
racks. The. parties concerned in the plot,
according to the correspondent, were law
yers, chemists and Boer and Dutch pris
oners on parole.
The War Office has received the., fol
lowing message from Lord Kitchener un
der to-day's date:
Ante-Peace Conspiracy.
Many Arrests in Connection With an
PLOT AGAINST KITCHENER.
The document is signed by Schalk-Bur
ger, formerly Acting Vice-President of
the Transvaal, and General Louis Botha.
Lord Kitchener then mounted a dais and
called for three cheers for King Edward.
The response of everybody assembled In
the square was immediate and unre
strained. The open letter of the Boer lead
ers to the burghers, in which peace Is
announced, and in which, these burghers
are counseled to loyal acquiescence, is an
eloquent and pathetic document. In it the
leaders thank the burghers for their noble
sacrifice and express their sympathy for
the bereaved. The letter concludes: -•
¦Now that there Is pe«ce. and although lt r is
not a peace, such as we longed . for, yet let
us abide where God has led us. We can with
clear consciences declare that for two years
and a half our people have carried on. the
struggle in a manner 'almost, unknown to'his
tory. Let us now grasp, each other's hand,
for another great struggle- lies before us, a
struggle for tbe spiritual and racial prosperity
and welfare of our people. Casting aside all
feelings of bitterness, let us forget and for
give bo that the deep wounds caused by this
war may be healed.
PRETORIA, June 8.— The services of
thanksgiving for the return of peace, to
day, was held in the principal square of
Pretoria. The sun shone brilliantly and
the sight was most impressive. . Outside
of the roped inclosure of ¦ troops were
gathered many thousands of -the towns
people and a goodly sprinkling of "Boers,
whose demeanor was most respectful.
The Archbishop of Cape Town officiated
at the service, and Lord Kitchener, Gen
eral Baden-Powell and Lady • Methuen,
wife of General Methuen, and other prom
inent perspns were present. The massed
bands of various regiments supplied the
music and the troops and people Joined
in singing the hymns, with . wonderful
effect. The singing of "God Save . the
King" and Rudyard Kipling's "Reces
sional" closed the service.
cipal Square of Pretoria.
Impressive Ceremonial in the Prin-
SERVICES OF THANKSGIVING.
Guards Armed With Winchesters.
DAVY, w. Va., June 8.— There has been
no serious trouble here, but the operators
announce that to-morrow morning they
will operate their mines with non-union
labor. The strikers say that non-union
men shall not enter the mines. The op
erators are putting guards armed with
Winchesters about their property, and se
rious results are expected to-morrow.
Burn Non-Union Men in Effigy.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., June 8.— The homes of
Charles Albert, Robert Thomas and ; Wil
liam-Rodin, non-union employes of the
Mineral Railroad and Mining Company,
were surrounded by a crowd of strikers
early this morning and effigies of the trio
were burned., Rodin finally threatened to
shoot if any one ventured upon his prem
ises, whereupon the crowd dispersed. The
police to-day and last night destroyed a
number of effigies that had been hung
around town.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique^Satur
day, June 7.— The damage from the erup
tion of Mont Pelee which occurred yester
day is less than was first supposed. The
plains of Morne Rouge are covered with
hot mud, however, and several fishing
boats with their crews are reported to
havo disappeared.
WASHINGTON June 8. — Professor
Robert T. Hill, of th* Geological Survey,
who was one of the scientists on the ex
pedition of investigation sent out by this
Government after the Martinique disas
ter, arrived in this city to-day from New
York. Professor Hill said:
The Dixie expedition was a great success It
was organized In less than four days witn a
complete equipment. .
• The endeavor which the Un'ted States made
to relieve the distress and the large representa
tion of naval vessels and newspaper men has
made a deep impression upon the people or the
island to whom we were a constant marvel ana
source of astonishment. The negroes of Mar
tinique were laboring under a misapprehension
that American enterprise was going to re
build St. Pierre and when told that it was on
French territory, they could not understand
why a little matter of International complica
tion should be permitted to Interfere In the
Too much cannot be said of the enterprise
and labor of United States Consul Ayme, who
rushed to the scene of action from his sta
tion at Guadeloupe with hardly a change or
clothing and a few shillings in his pocket, and
then Intelligently did everything In his power
to assist the people of the island and the
American relief party. It is feared that his
health, which was already precarious. Is se
riously shattered by his labors-
The only criticisms that could b» made con
cerning the outcome of the expedition would
be as to the manner in which the relief was
distributed on the island. Notwithstanding the
reports to the contrary, there was much dis
tress on Martinique and had our supplies been
distributed with the same generosity by the
local officers as that with which they were
given, much more good would have been done.
The Governor and many of the prominent isl
and officials having been killed by the disaster,
the slowness of the relief was no , doubt due
to the disorganized condition of affairs. The
few patients in the local hosDitals who should
have been the chief beneficiaries of our chari
ties which contained every possible article for
the relief of the sick and clothing enough to
have clad the population of the island, did
not receive a single article which we carried.
And the two sailors from the Roraima, whom
we brought back with ue, came up on the
Dixie almost naked and were supplied with
clothes from the sailors* "lucky bag."
The supplies brought by the Dixie were sim
ply stored In the warehouses. Many people on
the Island are without shelter, while the tents
we carried remain unpacked. And when we
left but little of the relief was reaching the
interior of the country, where it was most
needed. • '
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, 1903. by the Herald
Publishing Company.
LONDON, June 8. — A most remarkable
claim, the genuineness of which It Is &3
yet. impossible to test, says a cable dis
patch published by the Daily Mail from
its Las Palmas correspondent, has been
i made by Senor Clemente Figueras, an en
gineer of woods and forests in the Canary
Islands, for many years professor of
physics at St. Augustine'3 College, at Las
Palmas. - '. ; : - ..
It seems that for years he has been
working silently at a method of di
rectly utilizing atmospheric electricity—
that is to say, without chemicals or dy
namos—and making a practical applica
tion of it without the need of employing
any motive force. A true revelation
might rob him of his reward, and even
now, while he claims to have succeeded,
he is silent concerning the exact princi
ples of his discovery. He asserts, how
ever, that he has invented a generator by
which he can collect electric fluid so as to
bo able to store it and apply It for Infinite
purposes, for instance, in connection, with
ships, railways and manufactures. He
srys he expects its effect will be a tre
mendous economic and industrial revolu
tion. He will not give a key to the in
vention, but declares that the only extra
ordinary point about it is that it ba3
taken so long to discover a simple scien
tific fact.
Senor Figueras intends shortly going to
Madrid and Berlin to patent his inven
tions.
In addition to the discovery the Daily
Mail says that, according to letters re
ceived in London from his friend3 in Tcn
erifte, Senor Figueras has constructed a
rough apparatus by which, in spite of it3
small size and defects, he obtains a cur
rent of 550 volts, which he utilizes in his '
own house for lighting purposes and driv
ing a motor of twenty horsepower. His
inventions comprise a generator, a motor
and a sort of governor or regulator, th9
whole apparatus being so simple that a
child could work it. ¦-¦'.:>=
Leaves an Unclaimed Fortune.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. June 8.— It la be
lieved here that Charles Hill, who died at
Los Angeles, leaving an unclaimed for
tune of $142,000, was in realty Michael Hill.
a former Wllwaukean, who disappeared
nineteen years ago.
Convicted Lynchers Are Pardoned.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., June 8.— Governor
Jelks to-day pardoned three of the four
white men convicted of lynching- Robin
White, a negro, and sentenced to ten
years in the penitentiary.
ItEND GRANTS DEMAND.
Yields to the Strikers, but His Men
May Not Resume Work.
MONTGOMERY, W. Va., June 8.—
While many miners worked here yester
day it is t now believed the strike will be
come general in this district to-morrow.
Deputy United States marshals are at the
McDonald mine to enforce an injunction
made permanent in 1896 by Judge Jackson
against interference with property or
men. .
It is reported that Col. W. P. Rend of
Chicago, one of the largest operators in
this State, has agreed to grant the de
mands of the miners. There is much in
terest in anticipation of an announcement
from Rend to-morrow. The men from
other mines are urging those at the Rend
mines not to resume until concessions are
made, to all.
HUNS TO BE IMPORTED.
West ! Virginia Operators ' Send /to
~ ? for Men.- : fe-
KEYSTONE, W. VsL, June 8.— There
here been no disturbances throughout the
coal fields of the Norfolk and Western
district to-day. The strikers will have ad
ditions to their ranks to-morrow. The
few collieries on the Tug River and in the
Simmons branch field that operated to
day will be completely tied up to-mor
row. The operators ignore the appeal of
the United Mine Workers for a joint
meeting. Several operators are here ar
ranging for Hungarian miners, and it is
said 100 will be here by the middle of
next week. The operators also claim that
they will enforce their order that ail
strikers shall vacate company houses.
The strikers say they will not move out,
and serious trouble is expected, probably
to-morrow. Men will be brought here to
protect the property of the operators and
also to enforce the orders for the strikers
to vacate the company houses.
PISTOLS ANT> SHOTGUNS
USED IN" A GENERAL ROW
Bidden and One Will Prob
ably TJie.
Four Men Fall to the Street Bullet-
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 8.— A fight with
pistols and shotguns late to-day between
three citizens and about thirty Italians
employed in a camp on the Chicago Great
Western Railroad at the end of the Con
cord street car line resulted in the serious
injury of four men, one of whom will die.
A. Roberge was shot In the abdomen
and face and will die. N. Narcotte of
Minneapolis was shot In the hands and
chest. His injuries are not serious. Fred
Wayman was wounded in the abdomen;
but- is expected to recover. Joseph St.
Dore, • an Italian laborer, has : several
wounds on his face, and it is thought that
he will lose his eyesight,
Mr. and Mrs. Roberge, Mr. and lira.
Marcotte and Wayman were passing the
camp after a fishing trip, when the Ital
ians made disrespectful remarks about
the women. Roberge and Marcotte re
torted. A pistol shot was fired and waa
immediately followed by several others.
The Italians hid behind trees and camp
buildings and from their position of van
tage began a fusillade of shots. None of
the shots took effect and the shooting
ceased for a while. Finally some of the
laborers ran into the camp building, from
where one of them fired three shots from
a shotgun. Each shot brought down a
man, Roberge, Marcotte and Wayman
falling In the street. The police arrested
twenty of the Italians. It Is not clear
which side began the shooting.
FLOOD SWEEPS
ALASKAN TOWN
Circle City Devastated
by the Turbulent
Yukon.
Special Dispatch to The 'Call.
TACOMA, June 8.— Dispatches from
Dawson state that a terrible flood devas
tated Circle City on May 26. The Yukon
raised twelve feet In six hours, flooding
company stores and inflicting damage es
timated at $25,000. The heaviest loss : is
sustained by the stores of the Northern
Commercial Company. ;
The news was received by special mes
senger from Circle City, who pulled up
stream In a small boat to Eagle City.
•When the messenger left the town was
submerged under four feet of -water in
places. The river was running like a mlll T
race and still rising.
The manager of the Northern Commer
cial Company at Dawson has started for
Circle City to inspect the damage and
furnish new stock if needed.
Though Circle City was one of the first
trading posts established on the Yukon,
this Is the first time it has ever been
flooded. The flood was caused by ice jama
below the town and the consequent back
ing up of rising water from the Upper
Yukon.
PENNYPACKER AND • ELKINS
STILL LEAD. IN' THE RAC3
Friends of Both. Aspirants for Gub-
ernatorial Nomination Claim
• Victory on First Ballot.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jun© 8.— "The nom
ination of Judge Pennypacker is as cer
tain as it is that there will be a rollcall
Wednesday," said Insurance Commission
er Durham to-night, in speaking of the
contest for the Republican nomination for
Governor.
Secretary of. the Commonwealth, Griest,
who is assisting in the management of the
campaign of Attorney-General Elkins,
said: ''-s^'<
Mr. Elkins wil lbe nominated on the
first ballot. If there was ever any doubt
as to the- outcome of this contest the re
sult of yesterday's primary elections
should remove that doubt."
Judge Pennypacker and General Elkins
are the leaders in the battle for Governor,
and these statements are samples of the
claims of each side. Friends of ex-Lieu
tenant Governor Watres, who Is also a
candidate, say he holds the balance of
power and that his chances are as good
as" either of his opponents. Judge Penny
packer's campaign is being directed by
Commissioner Durham and Senators Quay
and Penrose.
3IG RAINSTORM VISITS
KANSAS AND NEBRASKA
Railroad Trains Are Delayed Owtn?
to Washouts and Crops Are
Damaged.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June 8-— Train crews
arriving here to-day from runs extending
into Kansas and Nebraska say they never
encountered such severe rainstorms in
their railway experience as they met last
night. All trains were greatly delayed. A
St Joseph, and Grand Island engineer, at
a point 100 miles from St. Joseph, says
the rain fell in such heavy sheets that it
was impossible to see a few feet from the
cab, and he sought refuge for his train
on a siding. S&veral bad washouts have
occurred on the Grand Island, the Burling
ton and the Rock Island railways, and
large sections of fine agricultural land are
entirely submerged. The losses in crops
will be enormous.
JEERING CROWDS STONE
TRACTION COMPANY'S CARS
Lines at Pawtucket and Central Falls
Are Operated Under Heavy
r Guard.'.;',
PROVIDENCE,, R. I., June 8.— The
scene of action in the street railway
strike to-day shifted from this city,. where
quiet has been restored for two days, to
Pawtucket and Central Falls. In these
cities the cars ¦ of the United Traction
Company waa stoned, jeering crowds
thronged, the streets and the frequency
with which ; obstructions were placed on
the tracks ! made the running of cars al
most Impossible. . . ¦>¦
Armed officers | guarded every car. One
special deputy, was attacked and relieved
of his prisoner, and. a crowd 'of sympa
thizers btoke into a car barn and badly
smashed two cars. -
MISSISSIPPI MILITIAMEN
PREVENT A LYNCHING BEE
Negro Prisoner Out of
Jail.
Futile Attempt Is , Made to Take a
HATTIESBURG, Miss.. June 8.— An at
tempt was made by a mob late last night
to attack the county jail here to secure
Walter Blankhead, a negro charged with
having 1 attacked a white .woman living
near Hattlesburg. A company of militia
ordered out by Governor Longlno re
pused the mob. Further trouble being
feared, additional troops have been dis
patched to relieve the militia now on duty
there. IBSHBfflNHEBri
SEATTLE, Wash., June 8.— Nome mall
advices brought overland by L. L. Bales
contain the brief statement that George
A. Carpenter, the unfortunate newspaper
man who was almost frozen to death, and
afterward had his hands and feet'ampu
tated, was adjudged insane by Judge
Wickersham March 30. He was removed
to Fort Davis. •
Insanity Follows His Suffering.
Strikes Infant With Revolver. *
PHOENIX, 'Ariz. 1 , June 8.— Jack Faher
on ; the public ; street | to-nlgttt struck at
Francisco; Lopez '.with a, revolver just as
the latter, was receiving in his arms from
Mrs. Simon Robles an eight-months-bid
babe.' -. Lopez dodged . and the weapon m de
scended on the head of the infant with
probably fatal results. Faher had had
trouble with Lopez a . year ago over fam
ily matters. Faher has been arrested. ;
NORTH FORK, W. Va., June 8.— Coal
operators here have given notice that all
strikers must vacate company houses to
morrow. Several hundred non-union men
were at work here yesterday. The strik
ers met to-day, and it Is believed violence
will be resorted if the non-union men
attempt to enter the mines again to-mor
row." ' .¦;¦
May Report to Violence.
The King and Queen entered the cathe
dral to the accompaniment of the hymn
"Onward, Christian Soldier," by the
choir and the throng of worshipers
arose and heartily Joined in the singing.
The cathedral organ .was re-enforced
with uorns and other instruments. A
notable feature of the musical service
was the rendition of a "Te Deum," com
posed by the late Sir Arthur Sullivan for
a thanksgiving peace service.
Following the thanksgiving collects,
and at the request of King Edward, the
hymn, "O, God Our Help in Ages Past,"
was sung to the tune of "Old Hundred."
Tbe sermon by the Bishop of Stepney
was short and simple and was preached
on the effective text, '"The blessings of
peace." The service was concluded with
the singing of the national anthem.
The members of the royal family re
turned from the cathedral to Buckingham
Palace by way of the Victoria Embank
ment. King Edward and the other royal
personages received ovations all along
the route from the crowds, which had by
this time become greatly au,gmented.
SERVICES UT CHURCH.
King Edward and Queen Alexandra
alighted at the west entrance of St.
Paul's. Here they were received by the
Bishops of Stepney and London and con
ducted by them to their seats, which
were under the dome of the building and
directly in front of the pulpit.
The seats in the choir stalls were oc
cupied by the members of the present
Cabinet and by member* of former Cabi
nets. These gentlemen, in their dark
clothes, formed a somber group in the
great gathering in which the uniforms of
officials, the costumes of ladies and white
surplices were conspicuous features.
Members of the House of Lords and
members of the House of Commons were
seated on opposite sides, under the dome.
la addition to the presence of many
army and navy officials, the military
prowess of the empire was represented
by detachments of tbe Royal Fusileers,
the Horse and Foot Guards and other
regiments.
"Thank you, very much."
The streets leading to St. Paul's
Cathedral were densely crowded and a
number of persons fainted In the crush
outside the barriers which had been erect
ed within the cathedral.
The royal personages were driven down
the. Mall to Trafalgar Square, and
through the Strand and Fleet street. At
Temple Bar officials of the city of Lon
don, for the first time since tho jubilee
of the late Queen Victoria, awaited the
sovereign in state. The King's carriage
was stopped when it reached the city of
ficials and the Lord Moyor of London, Sir
Joseph C. Dimsdale, presented the svord
of the city to the King and uttered a for
mal welcome. The King returned the
sword, smiled, bowed and simply re
marked:
CITY'S SWORD PRESENTED.
The programme of this morning was not
intended to be accompanied by special
ostentation. King Edward and Queen
Alexandra did not pass through the
streets even in semi-state, but rode to
St. Paul's in an ordinary landau drawn
¦lay four horses, accompanied by postil
lions and outriders clad in scarlet tunics.
Only those members of the royal family
who reside in Buckingham Palace ac
companied the King and Queen. The
Prince and Princess of Wales and others
proceeded to St. Paul's separately, but
by the same route as did King Edward
iuiu Queen Alexandra. The King and
tjueen were joined at the cathedral by
the Prince and Princess of Wales and
many other distinguished personages.
: Although the weather was chilly, the
streets for the entire distance from the
palace to the cathedral were lined thick
ly with people wih bared heads. King
Edward, who wore the uniform of a field
marshal, was greeted with enthusiasm
iind the King, the Prince of Wales and
the other Princes were busily engaged in
acknowledging salutations from the
crowd. Lord Roberts, who drove with
his wife and daughters, was one of- the
figures most conspicuously greeted with
"cheers.
The thanksgiving services held In Lon
don to-day were typical of the cervices
held throughout the empire, but the pres
ence of King Edward and other mem
bers of the royal family at the principal
devotional service in London and . the
progress of the royal personage to and
from St. Paul's Cathedral, through cheer
ing thousands of British subjects and vis
itors in London, gave Thanksgiving day
in the metropolis the added feature of a
notable historic occasion.
LONDON. June 7.— The noisy jubilation
with which London has resounded for the
last week was succeeded to-day by more
subdued, although not less impressive,
public demonstrations of thankfulness for
the return of peace in South Africa.
Rabbi Kaplan's strong attack on the
fraternities has proved a sensation, but
thus far the members of the fraternities
have declined to say a word. It is as
serted, however, that they intend to insist
on their rights to maintain their organi
zations and that they will resort to the
courts if necessary to test the question of
those rights.
The rabbi asserted that the working
classes, and not the aristocracy, were the
pride and glory of the nation, and any
body who.exoludes a child of a working
man is a menace to American freedom
and would rather see a king in the White
House, than the son of a poor man, like
Lincoln. ,
To exclude an American child from some so
ciety under the shadow of our public schools
because that child is of humble station of life
Is an ineult to the. American flag and the
American constitution. Abraham Lincoln, if
he had been a pupil In our schools of Sacra
mento to-day, would have been excluded from
these societies on account of poverty. Jesus
would have been excluded on account of hi"
father "having been a carpenter. And so some
of the noblest men and women in history, lit
erature and philanthropy might have been ex
cluded from the, aristocratic societies in our
schools. * •
But now come along these miserable societies,
and like ¦ oestif erpus worms are trying to eat
away the sweet roots of the American tree
of equality and national fraternity. Unless
these societies be nipped in the bud they will
in time Infect the national life and undermine
the American institutions of pure democracy.
To-morrow will begin the fifth week of
the suspension of anthracite coal mining,
and a settlement of the dispute seems to
be no nearer than it was when the strike
began on May 12.
The house-to-house convass of miners'
committees in an endeavor to bring out
those who have refused to strike and also
those who have taken the places of
strikers is still being prosecuted vigor
ously. Many of the men who are work-
WILKESBARRE, Pai, June 8.— With the
exception of President Mitchell and. his
secretary, the headquarters of the anthra
cite coal miners were deserted to-day, the
labor leaders detailed here from various
parts of the coal field having gone home
to spend Sunday. . Although President
Mitchell is leading a great struggle for a
shorter work day, he is not limiting him
self to any prescribed hours of labor. He
works late every night and he was busy
all of to-day in his office: Most of his
time was given up to receiving reports by
messenger or by wire from his men in the
field. His information, he said, was of a
satisfactory nature.
Among the reports sent in were several
to the effect that additional engineers
had stopped work last night, and that
several lire bosses, who had taken the
places of strikers, had quit. At a meet
ing of engineers at Pittston last night
thirty engineers who had not obeyed tho
strike order decided not to go to work to
morrow. The few union men who are
still at work, Mr. Mitchell says, will be
out during the week. /
Most of the general superintendents of
the big coal companies had nothing to
say to-day. One admitted that a good
many companies were scratching pretty
hard for competent men to run their en
gines and pumps. . ,
The coal companies have been favored
by a long spell of dry. weather, and the
strikers are wishing for a heavy fall of
rain. The strikers are of the belief that
most of the lower levels of the mines are
filling because the companies are short
handed, and that the pumps cannot keep
up i with the water that Is draining into
the' worM*tgs.^ ~A-neaVy v rain,"th$y' say,
will send a correspondingly heavy volume
of water, 1 which would overwhelm many
pumps. ; • . ,.!?> ,
President Mitchell was in telephonic
communication with' National Secretary-
Treasurer W. B. Wilson of the United
Mine Workers at Indianapolis to-day over
the situation in' the' West .Virginia soft
coal field. Mitchell said there was noth
ing to be given to the public at this time,
because he had not yet received full par.
ticulars of the situation in that region.
Eistrict Strike Leaders.
receives Satisfactory Reports From
MITCHELL IS HOPEFUL.
Rumors are 'current to-night that an
effort will be made, to-morrow morning. to
start up the washery at . the Cranberry
colliery of 'A. 'Pardee & Co. and the No.
40 Lehigh Valley mine with non-union
men.-! Everything was quiet In this sec
tion to-day. Inducements are being of
fered to " striking anthracite miners to
work Jn the mines in British Columbia.
The: Lehigh Valley trainmen held a se
cret meeting here this afternoon and de
cided that ; they would .not handle any
coal mined in the collieries 'or: any soft
coal sent^ over the Hazleton division to
displace anthracite during', the continua
tion of ' the strike. They will continue
manning trains, carrying officers and dep
uties, and men recruited in the big cities,
if they axe : not imported; in such large
numbers as' to enable ;the companies to
resume the mining of coal with non-union
forces. • "-¦¦.'¦ : :v. : '-'' ¦¦::'. .
liery-to another. Some of the Lehigh Val
ley trainmen declined during the past two
days to fiandle these trains and crews
were recruited with some difficulty.
STORM CENTERS
ON THE "FRATS"
It is understood the company will not
nnV the men to continue doing this work,
but will "Send on the Lehigh Valley, to
take these special trains from one col-
Resolved. That owing to the strike of the
anthracite miners, we, the employes of the
Delaware Susquehanna • and Schuylklll, will
refuse to' handle any trains carrying deputies,
coal and lron^pollce or non-unionists during the
continuance of the present trouble.
HAZLETON, Pa., June 8.— At their
meeting at Freeland this afternoon the
employes of the Delaware, Susquehanna
and Sshuylkill- Railroad unanimously re
fused to handle any trains carrying spe
cial officers, deputies or nonAinlonists.
The following resolution, addressed to Su
perintedent Luther C. Smith of the road,
was* adopted:
or Non-Union Men.
Refuse to Transport Special Officers
TRAINMEN AID STRIKERS.
BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
f N.^VV., WASHINGTON, June 8.
8 —President Roosevelt is still
H carefully watching the coal
V - A strike. That official Washington
will take some recognition of
the situation now seems certain.
It is not impossible that a case may in
some form go up to the Attorney Gen
eral, as there is already ample evidence
taken by the officials of the Government
to show that a combination of roads
handling anthracite coal exists for the
purpose of controlling the price and out-
Jut. That this combination, formed and
operating in violation oi the Sherman
anti-trust law and the interstate com
merce law. is in a measure, responsible
for the present strike there is. no doubt
and it is in this connection that some
official action may be taken tending
toward forcing a settlement. n - artt +n
It becomes more and , more apparent to
the President and his advisers that _the
underlying, causes of the present -far-,
reaching difficulty are not immediate, but
go back to the combination of coal min
ing railroads. Such a combination was ¦<
found to exist by both the committee of
Congress, as far back as 1892. and by
the Industrial Commission in later years.
It was the conclusion of the Congressional
committee that the railroad companies
were parties to the combine to control the
output and to fix the prices of hard coal,
and that, moreover, the combination em
braced all roads connecting the anthra
cite coal fields with tide water. JTbe rIn
dustrial Commission followed th s y th ,
a thorough examination of the entire Bub
ject of railroad consolidation. '-*..„
That such a combination, harmful in its
effects on the consumer, has also brought
about . the situation leading up to the
present strike is now beginning to dawn
on the Government officiate, and it may
not be found impossible to reach the oper
ators through the Department of Justice
for violations of the common law m gen
eral, and the coal roads in particular.
The President to-day talked with Car
roll D. Wright, United States Commis
sioner of Labor, for some time regarding
the situation in the anthracite coal re
gion.- Mr. Wright came to Washington
at the reauest of the. President, who
wished to get his views on the question
and to discuss what might be done under
the law giving the Commissioner of
Labor the right to investigate affairs of
this kind and to collect information re
lating to them which may be reported to
the President or to Congress. Late in the
day Mr. Wright left Washington for New
His exact mission la not known here,
but the impression prevails that he is to
look into the differences between the
operators and the miners. .
ing complain that their. Houses are stoned
almost nightly.- The method is to gather*
a small body of men and boys and at a
signal send a storm of stones against ths
dwelling, breaking windows and frighten
ing the inmates.
lord Mayor Receives Sovereign in
State and Presents Sword of the
Metropolis in Formal
Welcome.
Revolution.
Says Application of His Method
Would Result in Tremendous
Economic and Industrial
¦
Vast Throngs of Cheering
Subjects Line Route to
the Cathedral.
Collects and Stores Power-
Making. Fluids Contained
in Atmosphere.
Presiding at a concert, held on board the
Umbria last Friday night in aid of the
Liverpool Seaman's Orphanage, Reid said
that King Edward was following in' the
footsteps of his worthy mother, who ..was
always referred to in the United States
not as Queen Victoria, but simply as "the
Queen." He said also that the eyes of
the whole world were turned to King Ed
ward's coronation and that he hoped his
Majesty would live long: to follow in the
footsteps of his illustrious mother.
ings before the special embassy returns
to the United States.
Provided no hitch develops, such racers
as William K- Vanderbilt Jr. and Fox
hall Keene, famous for their driving in
foreign countries, will be prominent in the
contest. It is hoped that the entries will
include Alexander Winton of Cleveland,
the "father of speed tests" in this coun
try; E. R. Thomas, the former owner of
the Vanderbilt "White Ghost," now the
property of a Chicago enthusiast; Clar
ence W. Mackay, Jefferson Seligman, Al
fred C. Bostwick, John Jacob Astor, Al
fred Gwynne Vanderbilt and E. E. Brit
ton, who recently took Thomas A. Edson
for a record-breaking whirl. '.
CHICAGO, June 8.— Millionaires of Chi
cago and New York are planning to
startle the daring chauffeurs of France by
racing in automobiles from ocean to
ocean. Leaders in the auto world of Chi
cago are enthusiastic over the plan. It
was not generally known till last night
that a race from. New York to San Fran
cisco was in prospect. Though it was
first suggested here, secrecy was main
tained and few were aware that a virtual
challenge had been forwarded to New
York. While the details have not been
mapped out, it is believed the race will
be run this fall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Run Will Be Made From New
York to This City by
Millionaires.
Professor Hill Tells of Lax
Distribution of Relief
Suppliea
FJ R E SID ENT RO OS EVE L T is about totake a hand i n the strike situation in the an-
JL thracite coal region. Officials of the Government have collected ample evidence that a combina
tion of the railroads handling anthracite coal exists in defiance of the law, its purpose being to
control prices and output. These officials have traced back to. the .formation of this combine the un
derlying causes of the present conflict. betzveen labor and capital. Action by. the Government may come
in the shape of legal proceedings against the:combine' and it is believed to be the President's intention
to force an early settlement of the striked; ;i-y :'¦'-_; - • f.
The situation in the West Pirginia coalfields has become alarming. Operators continue to bring
innon-union men and tile strikers declare 'they will not permit the imported laborers to go to zvork. In
some districts guards armed with Winchesters are protecting the plants against strikers who threaten
trouble, and it zvould require, but a slight disturbance to start rioting and bloodshed.
Inventor Claims He Has
Made a Remarkable
Discovery.
Assists in Observance
of London's Day of
Thanksgiving.
Crews of Fishing Boats
Off Martinique Are
Missing.
Intend Speeding Across
Continent in Their
Automobiles.
First Move May Be a Suit Against Railroads Handling the Anthracite
Output, Strong Evidence' Showing the. Existence of a Com
bination Formed to Control Prices and Limit the Supply
KING EDWARD
A WORSHIPER
IN ST. PAUL'S
MEN OF WEALTH
ARRANGE A RACE
GENERATES
ELECTRICITY
FROM AIR
HOT MUD LAYER
COVERS PLAINS
GOVERNMENT IS READY TO TAKE
ACTION TO END THE COAL STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 9, 1902.
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, ttll Market
street, for Illustrated pamphlet and full par-
Uculara.'»MBWBHalMBI *
• The quickest. and most convenient way 1 Jn
an4 out of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
tbe Santa Fe. If you leave Fan Francisco to
flay at 9 a. m. on tbe California Limited you
axe In Yo*emlte to-morrow at 6 p. m. ¦ »,
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
. LAREDO. Tex., June 8.— A bullfight was
given' in the Plaza de Toros of Neuva;
Mexico, to-day, the unique feature" of
which was the successful performance ot
Romulas, the. famous Mexican wrestler,
who succeeded in throwing a wild- bull
from the San Lufspoti ranch. Romulas
grappled the bull and threw him at the
first attempt. . , '
Mexicans Enjoy a Bull Fight.
BRUSSELS, June 8.— Mr. Kruger de
clares that he will end his days in Hol
land. ' - . • -'••..
Kruger to Beinain in Exile.
Envoy Reid's first day In England was
a. busy one. It was nearly 4 o'clock this
morning before he arrived at Euston sta
tion, where the royal carriages, which had
been sent to convey him to Brooke House,
were in waiting. In spite of the hour J.
PJerpont Morgan Jr., Edmund Lincoln
Bailess of New York and William Wet
more, son of Senator Wetmore of Rhode
Island, who are secretaries to the special
embassy, were on the platform to greet '
the chief. Early In the day Lieutenant
Colonel Sir Fleetwood Edwards and Lieu
tenant Colonel Arthur Collins, *C. B.,
equerries assigned by King Edward to
the special embassy, called informally up
on Reid to pay their respects. The equer
ries placed their services at. his disposal
and conveyed to him their congratulations
upon bis arrival In London. These calls
were particularly pleasing, as officially the
fiuties of the equerries are not supposed
jo begin until later In the month, when
Held will formally begin his work.
.- Reid made an early call upon Joseph
H. Choate, the United States Embassador,
who returned the visit later In the day.
All the members of the United States
embassy also went to Brooke House dur
ing the day. as did the secretaries of the
special embassy. A number of personal
friends also called. This evening there
was a quiet family dinner at Brooke
House, at which Mrs. Cowles, wife of
Commander W. F." Cowles, formerly
naval attache to the United States em
bassy in London, was the only guest.
Reid said to-night: "There is really
nothing to say except that I: had a most
comfortable trip over and am looking for
ward with . considerable pleasure -to ful
filling my duties here./'
Reid's plans have hardly yet been de
termined., To-morrow he will "present his
credentials to Lord Lansdowne,.the.For
eign Secretary, and next Wednesday he
will dine with Mr. and Mrs. Choate upon
the occasion of their dinner to King Ed
ward and Queen Alexandra.. A 'number
of formal dinners have been ' arranged In
Reid's honor, while Brooke House itself
will be the scene of many brilliant gather-
LONDON. June 8.— Whitelaw Reid, the
special envoy of the United States to the
coronation of King Edward, -who arrived
at Queenstown yesterday on the Cunard
line Eteamer Umbrla, Is now comfortably
Bettled in the capacious Brooke House
here. .':~\
Lord Iiansdowne .To-Day.
He "Will Present His' Credentials to
4
TWENTIETH EKT.BYCOOKBOOKS
- A car-load ¦ of \ Cook Books
has Just arrived from Chicago
and (W are ready lor dlitrl.
button at the business' ofQje
of this paper. All Call -sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy
of -this grreat , Coolc j Boole at
the premium price of fifty
cents.:'- ..¦•-'¦ :, ;'.',>
An additional charge ol 20
cent! to pay cipreiiage will
be required from out of town
subscriber* ordering by. mall.
a TnyprR- > i r F^^'^7?yT'?
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
04SSK
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as
Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Side Head-
ache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after
meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness. Cold Chills
Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Short*
ness of Breath, Coativeness, Blotches on the
Skin. Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams,
and all Nervous and Trembfln* Sensations,
SS> J£J F l?. 8 J,i°«? E WGIVE RELIEF IX
TWEMTf, MINUTES- This is no fiction.
Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one
Box of these Pills, and they will be ack-
nowledged to b« WITHOUT A RIVAL.
BEECH ATI'S PILLS takes as direct
tad, will qnickly restore Females to complete
health. They promptly remove any obstruo*
tion or irregularity of the system. For a
Weak Stomach,
Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver,
they act like magic— a few doses will work
wonders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthen*
ing the muscular System, restoring the long*
lost Complexion, bringing bade the keen
edge of appetite, ana arousing with tho
. Rosebud of Heal th tbe whole Phy-
aleal energy of the human frame. These
are "facts" admitted by thousands, in all
classes of society, and one ot the best guar-
antees to the Nervous and Debilitated is
that BEECHAM'S PILLS havo the
Largest Sale of any Patent
Medici nes In the World.
Beecham's Pills have been before
tne public for half a century, and
are tne most popular family medicine.
No testimonials are published, as
Beecham's Pills
RECOMMEND THEMSELVES.
_Phrepared( only by Thomas Beecham.St.
Helens, Eng, and 365 Canal SV >ew
Sold everywhere la boxes, 10c and 25c
° l<s> -*V*^"*s^^» *^ Tfr "% tCfc- %. 'js. 0
DR. JORDAN'S oreatJ
Jhuseuh of anatohyJ
A Oj l ; «3/tA22SrK.tot.6:ii7ti,S.y.Cjl.i
A j5t wT?E A««wmieal Muses* In the \
i S«s£N r*"*^,"*" 1 * 1 **'* «•»•«• by the oldeit T
* /MM! b P <!cl » ! '" o » tl »«C < >«t. Estj6,£?L ©
F IItIClK DR * joroan ~CISEAS£S OF MEN 4
\ (Wfl Co»mlt*tion frea and KrieiW priTite. \
r I er%u l£?£ en A »>«*»>»»/ <>» w '«<«• * i
i Iff US *•"»•• tvr* in erary case undertakes. X
\ * H II ¦ ¦*-s»siiA«e. MAtLsa pxas. tx¥
f BBjJOBDAK A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. ¥
/T 1 1 W W\ S e<^ C* 1 * 1 *". Stoves. Kto.
I A wl I B £ ents for Rent '° r iaje -
I /* Iwl \* Guns . R'fles. Fishing TacUla
LjLB Ifi *nd Sporting Goods. Send
%T JLM. A! JSL B. for Catalogue. ¦ SHREVE &
BARBER CO.. 73d Market
• «t.. and 511 Kearny st.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Llst3 Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKB AM) PIO IRON.
J. C WIT SON* R f ft N 50 Battory Str««t.
4- ±-VlL3VC\ g C'J», Telephone Main 136*.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BftYFSJrfn Shipping Butcher. 10»
WAJ- 1M/1LO t& Ml- Clay. Tel. Main 12H.
- oils""
LUBRICATING OIL£. LEONARD & ELLIS.
- 418 Front . at.. S. F. Phono Main 1719.
PRINTING.
E-C -HUGHES. ifiSSggf-r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First street. Saa FraacUcowA fool man keeps quiet when he ought
to talk and a fool woman talks when she
ought to kee» quiet, v. : ..
GUAYAQUIL, June 8.— A sensation was
caused here to-day by the arrest of Alfred
Fermin, a partner in the banking-house
of Martin Reinberg & Co.. which became
bankrupt last October with liabilities of
over $1,000,000. An order has also been is
sued for the arrest of Martin Reinberg,
who for many years has been the Vice
Consul General of the United States here.
Arrests Follow Failure of Bank.
DENVER, June 8.— "Pug" Rvan, who
escaped with several prisoners from the
Jail at Leadville a week ago to-day, was,
captured in this city, last night by Police
Captain "Nick" Williams and Detective
O. H. Barber. The officers got the drop
on Ryan and he surrendered without ;- a
fight. Ryan is toibe tried on a charge of
murder. |j He is said to have been the
leader of a gang of desperadoes who had
a fight several years ago with a posse of
Breckenridge officers, in- which two of the
latter were killed. . tei^S
Escapedjffurderer Is Recaptured. x
Special Night Train to San Jose.
\ For the 'accommodation of. those attend
ing the night parade of the Mystic Shrin
ers,. Tuesday, June 10^ the ¦ Southern Pa
cific will run a special, train from Third
street Depot: to San Jose, leaving at 11:45
p. m., and stopping at all -Intermediate
stations en route. _/
Builders' Strike Becomes Serious.
.DENVER,; June 8.— The Contractors'
and -Material". Men's Association to-day
issued a statement/ to the effect that they
would not take back to; work any of the
striking builders unless they would dis
solve . the Building Trades Council. This
the men say they will not do, and the
situation now partakes of the nature of a
lockout. The millmen held a meeting to
day,' but • no decision was reached In re
gard .' to taking back their striking em
ployes. • ¦'!' . ::/';¦¦¦•;¦,¦.
LONDON. June 8.— The remains of a
young woman, sawed and chopped up Into
a dozen pieces, have been found In an al
ley in the Lambeth district. The body
had apparently been baked and boiled.
The " scalp had been torn off and the
hands, feet and Intestines were missing.
It has been impossible to Identify the re
mains, as the face was. practically de
stroyed.
Murderers Mutilate Body of Victim.
SAN JOSE, June 8.— Orchardists are
experiencing a difficulty in securing what
help they now need, and it is bejieved that
when they come to handling the Immense
crop that will soon be ripening they will
suffer loss from want of labor. At the
Farmers' Club yesterday afternoon the
whole session was devoted to the subject.
So vital was the question with them that
steps were taken to prepare for the labor
famine. Committees were appointed to
meet the school authorities and learn if
the time of opening school after vacation
could not be extended several weeks, and
also to see the railroad officials and try
and arrange it so that families : coming
here to work in the fruit could secure the
same rate as school children.
Discuss Means for Handling
Their Product.
Orchardists in Santa Clara County
MORE LABOR NEEDED
FOR IMMENSE CROPS
CHICAGO, June 8.— The threatened
strike to-morrow of all the allied union?
employed by the different meat packing
concerns was averted to-night by the
Stock Yards Company surrendering to the
Stock Yards Employes' Union. iAII the
demands of -the union were granted, and
the cattle drivers, who were recently dis
charged after forming a union, will re
turn-to work to-morrow. /
The settlement- was brought about 4 by
Michael Donnelly," president of the butch
ers' and meat-cutters 1 national organiza
tion. Donnelly has held several confer
ences with officers of -the company in an
effort to adjust the dispute, and as a last
resort had notified, the company that un
less the men should be reinstated at once
all the union employes at the stockyards
would be called out.
The 'company's surrender -came as a
great' surprise to the men, and there was
'general rejoicing that- one of the strikes
contemplated in Chicago had been averted.
General Strike of AH Employes
">ri "¦>'-:• Is Threatened.
Stockyards Company Surrenders When
MEAT PACKING CONCERNS
GRANT DEMANDS OF UNION
After general discussion a resolution was
passed classifying the blacksmiths. It
¦was decided that where the blacksmiths
belong to the miners they should affiliate
with the union, and where they are me
chanics they should belong 'to the en
gineers' union. If there were not enough
to form a separate union. ¦ - 1 -
DENVER, June 8.— The Western Fed
eration of Miners Convention before final
adjournment last night refused a. charter
to the new union formed by the striking
engineers at Butte, Mont. ! Resolutions
were presented from the Cripple Creek
and Altxnan unions asking that the con
vention increase the levy from $2 per cap
ita to $2 50 to raise a fund with which to
own and operate mines and a smelter.
Both resolutions were voted down, inas
much as the body had already declared its
policy of entering the mining and milling
field by ordering a levy of %2 for this pur
pose. It was Inadvisable to Increase the
assessment, the convention thought.
Petition of the "Union Formed
at Butte.
Western Federation of Miners Denies
STRIKING ENGINEERS
ABE REFUSED A CHAB.TEX
, POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y., June 8.— In
the baccalaureate sermon at Vassar Col
lege to-day President Taylor spoke of the
"deadening effect of pleasure-seeking on
all the higher activities of life," and ex
pressed the opinion that all that is good
in our lives is threatened by the pleasure
seeking spirit of the present age. Many
students, he said, felt that the best thing
to be got from college was the chance for
a good time. This spirit undermined the
physical vigor and dulled the* mental
power.' ;' ¦
Evils of Pleasure-Seeking.
Shares of the Hamburg- American • and
North German Lloyd steamship lines de
clined rather sharply from the high fig
ures thex reached the previous -week,
through rumors of the organization of an
opposition company. Holders of Ham
burg-American shares living in Bremen
sold large blocks of stock here yesterday.
The prices obtained were but little better
as a result of the denial that the combine
in question was in process of organization.
The German Atlantic Cable -Company
has declared a dividend of 4% per cent.'
The company has decided to issue 20,000,
000 marks in 4 per cents to meet the ex
penses of laying a new cable. .
Imperial and Prussian 3 per cents had
a strong week. The shares of domestic
banks were more active than usual. Can
adian Pacifies were weaker, in response
to the crop reports. The American situa
tion generally causes renewed concern,
particularly as a result of rumors of dis
agreements in the management of the
United States Steel Corporation.
Comparing last week's prices with the'
lowest which the year has seen, however,
there Is still a substantial advance. The
recoveries in round numbers are as fol
lows: Consols,- 3%; colonials, 3 to '4%;
high-class home rails, 10 to 22; foreign
bonds, from 3 to 4; cheaper, issues up to
11; Argentines, 13. Japanese 4 per cent
and American securities were all markedly
higher last week.
Money continues dear and the action of
the discount houses In raising the rate
last Monday floes not indicate a prospect
of easier times in the immediate future.
The market owes the Bank of England
more than £3,000,000, but the bank is de
veloping a stronger position; It probably
will get the whole of the £1,500,000 gold
now afloat, while the increase of the Rand
output and the prospect of heavier gold
shipments from Australia tend to increase
the supply. of cash. The effect will not
be marked until' late in the year, when the
earliest advantage will be taken to bring
out a new Transvaal loan. In the mean
while a large contingent of weak ; bulls
remain to be shaken out and after this
is done there probably will be a resump
tion of the normal rise, with the Increas
ing tranquillity and prosperity of the
country.
BERLIN, June 8.— Last week on the
Boerse began with uncommon strength in
all departments, on the expectations of a
great boom In Kaffirs in London, but the
failure of this boom to materialize brought
a sharp disappointment and caused a dull
and declining market until yesterday,
when the improvement of Friday In New
York and London reacted strongly here.
LONDON, June 8.— "Peace and plenty
of stock," Is the way one cynical critic
sums up the situation <m the Stock Ex
change. The professionals last week
double discounted the effect of the peace
announcement and bought heavily for a
rise, while the public confined its patriot
ism to noisy street demonstrations. The
whole. market went flat at the first at
tempt of the "professionals"^ to realize.
That is the whole story.
The Vice Consul at Milan, H. H. Smith,
gives valuable advice to the United States
exporters as to trade methods in Italy
and ;the means of extending our,".com
merce. Our consulate, he reports, has
time after time attempted to initiate
trade relations between American firms
and Italian dealers, but the transaction
usually falls through on the question of
cash payment.- The United States houses
think it too* far away to give credit, and
the Italian dealer thinks he is too far
away to pay cash without an opportunity
of seeing and testing what he buys.
Personal visits : at . opportune times, he
says, are an effective method of gaining
trade, and; if the importer is treated well
the Italian will remain a satisfactory cus
tomer. »
¦ Consul Cramer of Florence also reports
the popularity of our coal, which 1 * is em
ployed by the Italian railway companies
and , by factories. Our ' goods are to . be
seen in shop windows,: he says, and many
imitations of many genuine products
made .in Germany. \ •¦
Consul. Caughey of Messina says that an
American company is about to . erect a
hotel there. . < :
The introduction of any article into
Spain is more difficult than in most coun
tries In Europe, as the people, as. a rule
are not quick to see the advantages of
modern appliances.
Consul Smith ¦ of Leghorn, Italy, says
that the importations at that port from
the : United , State3* doubled in value last
year, substantial advances being made,
among other items,. In, sulphurite of cop
per, which has risen from $10,000 to $125,000
'In three years, and coal, which has been
used in the Italian navy with satisfactory
results. , . - . ¦ ' - - .-.. ..
Consul. Ridgeley of Malaga says our
trade cmild be more largely developed if
we hsra a favorable commercial treaty
with Spain and if we would send enter
prising commercial . salesmen with • a
knowledge of the Spanish language. '..
Consul General Lay of Barcelona thinks
that a still better way to develop our com
mercial relations with Spain would be to
establish a permanent exhibit of American
articles, and' he iis-now endeavoring to
open such an exhibit, either in Barcelona
or in Madrid.:. . ¦ ~ • ..
American goods, according to Vice Consul
Wood of Madrid, are . to be met with in the
most unexpected places in Spain. They con
sist of plows and other agricultural imple
ments, pumps, condensers, steel working ma
chines, hardware of all kinds, spouts, faucets,
mining machinery, bicycles, typewriters, hair
clipping machines, electric motors - and fans,
firearms' and cartridges, dental goods, lumber,
phonographs, etc. There Is no prejudice against
United States goods and inquiries are constant
ly received for them.
WASHINGTON, June 8.-Spain holds no
prejudice against the United States, ac
cording to an abstract from the annual
volume entitled "Commercial Relations of
the United States," which was made pub
lic to-day at the State Department by
Frederick Emory, chief of the bureau of
foreign commerce. This extract gives the
information contained In the annual re
ports of United States consular officers in
Spain and In Italy. Our trade with
Spain, it says, could be greatly enlarged
if a favorable commercial treaty were
negotiated. United States Minister Storer,
who is about to return to Madrid, will
endeavor to negotiate such a treaty. The
extract says:
Peace Does Not Bring
Activity in Stock .
Markets.
Spain Holds No Prejudice
Against the United
States.
Sooner or later a man must be free; sooner
or later he takes charge of his own conscience,
and a university Is one of the best places for
this. I say this because an impression abounds
that a university is a place of terrible tempta
tions. Mothers sometimes think It is difficult
for a man to acquire an education except at
great risk, and men speak about the tempta
tions of college life as if there were no tempta
tions in business, as if the banker and broker
lived in a holier atmosphere, as if the apostles
of "Wall -street were in closer touch with the
Ten Commandments than other men. I know
of no place where a man may be trusted to
work out the best In him so well as In a mod
ern university. If you have been faithful to
the early training you have' received, it has
been helped by coming here.
Speaking of the falling off of candidates
for the ministry among college graduates
President Patton said:
Some people complain that so few men are
now entering the ministry and give every rea
son for this but the true one. The reason is
simply this: We are living in an age of in
tellectual transition and burning unrest, and,
therefore, I have respect for the man who
doubts, who overcomes his doubts and gathers
strength.
The annual meeting of the Philadelphia
Society was held to-night.
PRINCETON, N. J., June 8.— The fea
ture of to-day's commencement pro
gramme was the baccalaureate .sermon
preached by President Patton. The pro
cession of trustees, faculty and members
of the senior class formed in front o"
Nassau Hall, and led by President Patton
and Grover Cleveland marched to Alex
ander H&U. Mrs. Cleveland and Mrs.-
Patton were In the audience. In his ser
mon Dr. Patton said:
Any American who has traveled in France
and has witnessed the thrift and order of
those smaller communities where agriculture
is profitably practiced must welcome the appli
cation to our soil of those methods which have
made the successful farmer abroad. »
William E. Dodge said:
If those who are friends of practical educa
tion and of general social betterment could
realize as we do the great needs and greater
opportunities of this school I believe that we
would have little difficulty in obtaining that
generous financial support that at this timo
seems necessary to Insure the establishment
of this Institution upon a basis commensurate
with the extent and importance of the work
It has to do.
Vice President Hewitt said:
Aeide from my official connections with the
school I have taken a deep Interest in its
progress. We demonstrated, I think, beyond a
doubt, that there Is need and opportunity for
a practical farming school in this country on
the plan carried out by our director, Powell.
Our need now is money resources - for the
equipment of the foundation of a school at
Poughkeepsle, and when this equipment is
completed we will need contributions to a fund
for the endowment of the school. -
The success of the school was immedi
ate and the originators then concluded to
extend the facilities. The board of trus
tees was then organized, with the follow
ing officers: Theodore L. Norden, presi
dent; Abraham S. Hewitt and William E
Dodge, vice presidents; R. Fulton Cut
ting, treasurer, and T. P. Luquer, secre
tary.*
In speaking of the school President Van
Norden said to-day:
. NEW YORK, June 8.— The signing of
contracts within a few days for the pur
chase of the School of Practical Agricul
ture of forty 7 five acres of lands near
Poughkeepsle marks the beginning of a
movement for the permanent establish
ment near New York of what the promo
ters call one of the most unique educa
tional institutions In the country. Less
than two years ago a number of citizens
prominent In political and social life met
at the residences of Abraham S. Hewitt
and R. Fulton Cutting and formed them
selves into an organization for establish
ing, experimentally, a school where the
practice as well as the theory of farming
could be taught. Professor George T.
Powell, a recognized authority on scien
tific agriculture, undertook the organiza
tion of the school and a number of per
sons agreed to finance the project in Its
experimental stages. The original com
mittee of promotion, of which Hewitt was
chairman, included R. Fulton Cutting, Ja
cob S. Schiff, John G. Carlisle, Mrs. Seth
Low, Mrs. Josephine Shaw Lowell. Walter
W. Law and William E. Dodge. The
original school establishment was at
Briar Cliff manor, provided by the gen
erosity of Law, who also furnished a
building to accommodate the thirty-five
students and the necessary staff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President of Princeton
Says They Train the
Conscience.
Experimental Educa
tional Station Proves
a Big Success.
EXPECTED BOOM
FAILS TO COME
THE many divisions of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians are making
extensive arrangements for their
annual reunion and picnic at
Schuetzen Park on July 4.
The annual reunion is looked forward to
by the members of the order and their
families as a day of special recreation.
The committee has arranged* for many
athletic events, running, jumping, weight
throwing, tug of war, Irish football and
other forms of sport.
The old and ever popular Irish jig and
reel will receive special consideration and
the events promise to be keenly contested.
There' are numerous game and . gate
prizes, the first gate prize being $100 in
cash. An open-air programme will be
AMERICAN GOODS
FIND QUICK SALE
President, J. C. Ryan: secretary,
Tbcrnas Doyle; treasurer, M. H. McCaf
ferty; Rev. D. O. Crowley, J. J. Dono
hue, Frank Conklin, P. J. Kelleher, T. L.
Clar;cy, T. J. Norton; John Heenan, Ed
Noonan, John King, James Burns, M. J.
McDermott, T. P. O'Dowd, Ed Hogan, M.
Lenard, J. B. Hagerty, C. Collins, John
Ncrton, John Shinkwln, J. H. Maginis,
D. Sheerln, J. C. Ryan Jr., G. Low, E.
Pierce. D. Fitzpatrrek, J. Sullivan, J. F.
Renault, N. Morrissey, Js P. Dignan, J.
H. O'Brien, J. Brennan, D. Barry, J. Me-
Geogan, P. B. Mahoney, James Fanning,
E. Fitzgerald and T. Dunning. . x
held, consisting of Introductory remarks
by President J. J. Donohue, A. O. H.; the
reading of the Declaration of Indepen
dence; an original poem and patriotic
songs. The following committee is in
charge:
FARMING SCHOOL
TO BE EXTENDED
KESWICK, June 8.— The handsome new
Catholic- church of this place was dedi
cated to-day by Bishop Thomas Grace of
Sacramento. The church is called St.
Mary's and is one of the finest in this
part of the State. A class of forty was
confirmed.
Church Dedication at Keswick.
PRESIDENT OF ANCIENT ORDER OF HIBERNIANS AND TWO MEM
BERS OF ASSOCIATION WHO ARE ARRANGING FOR ANNUAL, RE
UNION AND PICNIC TO BE HELD AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Prominent members of the Republican
I iir'y are watching the turn of events
with intense interest. The relations be
tween the President and Senator Hanna
f-inee the former came to the White House
have been cordial at all times. The Sen
ator has supported the President in many
measures in Congress when other lead
ers, who were supposed to be friendly,
had deserted him. The two have been
often in consultation on public and party
policy and Mr. Roosevelt has repeatedly
depended on Mr. Hanna's Judgment and
frequently sought his advice. Should a
breach in these relations come it would
be a matter of the greatest regret to
Republicans in all parts of the country
and every effort will be made by Intimate
personal friends of both men to pre
vent it. <
Senator Hanna is determined to stand
by his officeholding friends. Should the
investigation go on too fiercely it doubt
less will have a tendency to anger Senator
Hanna and the threatened break will fol
low. Collector Leach's term exDires in
August and should enough be found to
j ire vent his retention by the President the
'. ro.ik would then probably become irre
/o-cilable.
In view of Mr. Burton's retirement it
is possible that Mr. Abel will resign as
chairman of the executive committee. If
this is done the affair may be smoothed
uver so far as the Representative is con
cerned. If it is not done the Foraker
faction will run Mr. Abel for United
States Senator against Mr. Hanna and the
bitter factional fight In Ohio will only
be increased.
The conference lasted an hour and broke
up with the President resolved to begin
an investigation in spite of the wishes of
Senator Hanna. Civil Service Commis
sioner James R. Garfield will go to Cleve
land this week, and although no instruc
tions are announced it ts presumed that
he will inquire into the charges.
PRESIDENT TAKES ACTION.
These four officials, it is alleged, re
cently fixed up a slate for the organiza
tion of the Republican executive commit
tee in the county of Cuyahoga, Ohio. Rep
resentative Burton claimed the right to
dictate the choice of the chairman of tWs
committee, as it was entirely in his dis
trict, and named Paul Kowland for the
place. His candidate, however, was de
featedj and W. R. Abel was chosen by a
vote of SS to 26, thus showing Hanna's
strength in the county.
Representative Burton, who. It should
he said, has no quarrel with Senator Han
na, on learning that his wishes had been
ignored and his man turned down imme
diately announced that he would not
stand for a renomination, and proceeded
yesterday to the White House to lay a
complaint before the President against
the four Federal officials. He charged
them with undue activity in politics and
•with violation of the recent executive or
der, and called upon President Roosevelt
for an investigation.
The President was very much surprised
and Impressed by the formal charges, but
promised no action at the time. He at
once sect for Senator Hanna and asked
him if the four men were guilty. Senator
Hanna said he had grave doubts about it,
though he did not pretend to speak for
Mr. Burton's appointee. The President In
formed Senator Hanna that he was in
clined to investigate and the Senator
urged him strongly not to do so, insist
ing that it was not a violation for Fed
eral officeholders of that class to interest
themselves in politics. ¦ /
OFFICIALS TOO ACTIVE.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 8.— A sensation
al rupture in the cordial relations existing
between President Roosevelt and Senator
Hanna is possible as the result of charges
filed against Federal officeholders in
Cleveland. Ohio, by Representative But
ton of that district. The President is de
termined to investigate. Senator Hanua
is determinedly opposed to such a course.
Friends of both men say a serious break
is threatened. Should it come it would
be the most spectacular _and disastrous
breach between a President and the chair
man of the national committee of a ruling
party that has occurred since the falling
out of President Harrison and Senator
Quay, who managed the campaign in
which Harrison was elected.
The retirement of Representative Bur
ton from the Congressional fight in Cleve
land is only an incident. Mr. Burton is
looked upon by the party managers as
one of the ablest men In the House. He
is chairman of the River and Harbor
Committee and a safe and sound counsel
lor in national party affairs. He is con
cerned in the threatened rupture between
the President and Senator Hanna because
he brought personally to the attention of
the President charges of pernicious activ
ity on the part of Federal officials in
Cleveland. These officers are Charles F.
Leach, Collector of Customs; Frank M.
Chandler, United States Marshal, and W.
R. Kotkins, deputy United States Mar
shal, all of whom are Hanna men and
were appointed at his suggestion. One
other officer involved is C. C. Dewstoe,
Postmaster in Cleveland, who was ap
pointed at Mr. Burton's suggestion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Serious Differences Arise Over Rep
resentative Burton's Charges
of "Pernicious Activity"
Against Ohio Hen.
President Insists Upon Inves
tigating Conduct of Fed
eral Officials.
COLLEGE PERILS
MAKE THE MAN
Renchart relates a startling and stirring
account of the treasures. According to
this story there came to Mexico immedi
ately after the close of the Civil War in
the United States five unreconstructed
Confederates who were in search of adven
ture. They led wild lives and in a short
time became bandits in the full sense of
that word. They had their rendezvous in
a cave on Saddle Mountain, near Mon
terey. In one of their raids they attacked
a pack train from the Plna Alta mines
laden with gold bullion. They killed and
drove off the armed guards and secured
the treasure, valued at $600,000, and started
for Monterey, where they hoped to turn it
into cash; They were closely pursued by
a detachment of Federal troqps and Ui Or
der to make their escape, they were forced
to bury the gold at a spot within five
miles of Monterey. They made a plat of
the place and carefully marked its exact
location. Four of the members of this
desperate band of American brigands
were overtaken before they could seek re
fuge in Monterey and were killed. The
fifth member escaped for the time being,
but was arrested in Monterey two days
later on another charge and was taken to
the City of Mexico, where he served a
long term in prison and was deported,
leaving the country by way of Vera Cruz.
He landed in New Orleans and lived in
thstt city for many years, removing to Ar
kansas and thence to Oklahoma a few
years ago. In all his wanderings he has
carefully preserved the crude map show
ing the location of the buried treasure,
but fearing arrest for his old crime he
would never venture Into Mexico after
the. wealth. A few weeks ago he re
vealed the secret of his life to Renchart
and the latter accepted the charge of get
ting possession of the treasure of his cli
ent, whose name he declines to divulge.
The older residents of Monterey remem
ber well the many acts of lawlessness
committed by a band of , American
brigands in the vicinity of this city during
the latter *60's, and credence is placed
on the story told by Renchart.' There 13
much interest taken here in his efforts
to obtain possession of the treasure.
MONTEREY, Mexico, June 8.— Thomas
H. . Renchart, an attorney of Guthrie,
Oklahoma, is in Monterey for the pur
pose of finding burled treasure to the
amount of $600,000 in gold bullion. . He is
convinced that his mission will be suc
cessful, but before securing the fortune
he desires to secure permission of the
Government of this State to remove it
from Mexico. Under the law of this coun
try one-half ; of any discovered treasure
goes to the Government and the remainder
cannot be removed from the country.
Renchart is endeavoring to secure an ex
emption from both these provisions of
the law, but if the . Government is un
willing to waive its right to one-half of
the treasure he at least. hopes to be per
mitted to remove the remainder out of
the country. Renchart says that he
knows the exact locatloiy' of the buried
bullion and that It will take him but a
short time to secure it when the legal ob
stacles above referred to are removed.
The cable bill will be given two and the
irrigation bill three days. The cable bill
provides for an American-built and an
American-laid cable to connect our insu
lar possessions in the Pacific with the Pa
cific Coast. It carries a direct appropria
tion out of .the treasury for this purpose.
The prospects for its passage are not con
sidered bright. Corliss, the author of the
bill, professes confidence that it will pass.
The opposition to the measure believes
the cable to the Philippines should be laid
by private enterprise. Some of the House
leaders, including Cannon, ¦ chairman of
the Appropriations Committee, it is un
derstood, will oppose the irrigation bill,
but the friends of the measure are very
hopeful of its passage. To-morrow is Dis
trict of Columbia day. All the appropria
tion bills except the general deficiency,
¦which will not be ready until next week,
hc-ve passed the House.
The House programme for the week
contemplates consideration of the Pacific
cable and the Senate Irrigation bills, which
the Rules Committee is anxious to have
disposed of before the time set for taking
up the Philippine government bill. Spe
cial rules have been prepared for consid
eration of both measures.
It is probable that Senator Hale will
call up the naval appropriation bill dur
ing the week, but he has given no notice
of such intention.
To-morrow in the morning hour Senator
Simmons of North Carolina will speak on
the bill creating a national park in the
Southern Appalachian Mountains, and in
accordance with the agreement reaefacd
yesterday the morning hour of other days
will be devoted to consideration of Sen
ator Nelson's bill for the abolition of the
London dock charges until a vote shall
be taken upon It. Saturday after 4 o'clock
the Senate will listen to eulogies on the
character of the late Representative
Stokes of South Carolina. On Friday the
nomination of General William. Crozier
to be chief of the Ordnance Bureau will
be considered in executive session.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— The greater
part of the time in the Senate this week
will be given to the interoceanic canal
bill. An effort probably will be made by
the supporters of the Nicaragua route to
secure an agreement to vote on the bill
next Saturday, but the probabilities are
all against success. Senator Harris of
Kansas will open the debate to-morrow
in support of the Nicaragua route, and
he will be followed by various other Sen
ators for and against the measure. Sen
ator Fairbanks has given formal . notice
of a speech on Wednesday. He will sup
port the Spooner bill. -
Former Brigand Employs Him
to Unearth Half Million
- in Gold.
Senator Harris of Kansas to
Open the Debate in
the Senate.
Sensational Rupture in
Their Relations Is
Imminent.
Attorney Goes to Mexico
on a Rather Strange
, Mission. \
Supporters of Nicaragua
Route Hope to Force
a v otG.
ROOSEVELT
AND HANNA
DISAGREE
HOPES TO FIND
BURIED BULLION
CANAL MEASURE
HEADS CALENDAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1902.
Ancient Order of Hibernians Will Hold Their
Usual Rousing Picnic at Schuetzen Park
on the Fourth of July— Valuable Prizes
MAKES BIG PREPARATIONS
FOR ANNUAL REUNION
5
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
»AJf FitANClsCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
LEAVE — FKOM JUXB 1. 1303. — AKJtIT»
7.00a Benlcla, Salaun, Elinlra and Sacra- •
memo 8-55?
7.00a Vacavllle, "Winters. Ramsey 7.55r
7.30a <Marttnez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga. Santa Rosa 6.25?
. 8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysvlUe, Orovllle 7.55p
8.00a Atlantic Express— Osdcn and East. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25p
8.00a Xiles, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Porterville 4.55>
8.30a Shasta Express — Darin, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red BInff, Portland 7.55*
. 8.30a San Jose, LIvermore, Stockton.
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Marjsville, Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25 P
8.30a Oakdale,Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolomne 4.25P
9.00a Vallejo 12.25*
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
• Tracy, Lathrop.Stoikton.Merced.
' Kaymond.FresnoandLosAngeles 8.25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55 r
10.00a Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 1 12-55*
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago 5.25?
t1-00r Sacramento Kiver Steamers t11.00?
3-OOr Benlcla. Winter*, Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams, Willows,
Knights Landing. MarysvlUe,
Orovllle 10.55a
S.30p Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.55?
4 .00? MarWnez,San Ramon, ValleJo.Napa,
Callitoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a
4.00p Nlles, LIvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4.30? Hayward.NUea.SanJose.Livermora t8.55A
4.30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare.
Bakersfleld, Saugus for Santa
Barbara, I>o» Angeles: 8-554
5.00* PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,StocktoB 10.25a
5. 00p Martinez, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
. ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25p
t5.30* NllesLocal 7 25a
6.00* Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7.55a
t8.00r Vallejo 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago . .:.... 425*
7.00* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
t7.00* Vallejo 7.55*
8 05p Oregon & California Express — Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Eaat. 8.55a
{9.10* Hayward and X lies til. 55 a
COAST LINE (Sarrow Gan S e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t7A5A. Santa Cruz Excursion $8.05*
8.15a Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5.50V
t2.1 5* Newark, Centervilie. San Jose. ;.-.•-
" ' New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
. ' ' . Creek, Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.1 5* Newark, San Jose, Los Qatos t 8.50a
*4.15p San Jose. Los Gatos, Santa Crus... c8-60a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN tR AN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip S)
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5-15 f.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 J3:0t
+8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4-00 P.X.
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 633 a
+7. 00a San Jose and Way Stations ... +8.00A
/7.10a New Almaden /4.10*
{7.15a Monterey Excursion £3.30*
8.00a. Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gi'roy. Salinas, San Luis Obtspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45?
9.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Craz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedl-
1 ate Stations 4.10»
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.33a
11.30a San Jcse.LoaGatosandWay Stations +9.O0A
ai.30* San Jose and Way Stations a7-00*
2-30* San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey and PaclQc
Grove 10.45a
t3.30v San Jose and Way Stations 7-33*
t4.00* D«il Monte Express— Only stops San # '
Jose tl2-0iP
4.30* SanJose and Principal WayStattons 1.30*
+.5.00* San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 5.53*
5.30* SanJoseandPrinclpalWarStatlons 6-30*
tS-15* San Mateo. Belmont. Redwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto +843A
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7-30*
7. 00p New Orleans Express — San Lola
Oblspo, Santa Barbara. Loa An- ,
Steles, Pemtnz. El Paso, New •
Orleans and East 1013a
•11 -45p San Jose and Way Stations
A for Morn! njr. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and FrMsJU j
] Sunday only. .'.,*- ; . '
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sansallto Ferryv "
Commencing April 27, 19U3.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO -TO MILO, VAIAEX
AND SAN RAFAELu '
WEEK DAYS— 6:43, 1:iS. 8:45. 8:30, U:0«
a. m.. 12:20. M:45. 3:13, 4:15. 5:15, »«:14.
0:45, 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a- m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00, »10:00^ 11:00.
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. 1:30. 2:30. «3:45. 5:<Jb. 6:w£
7:30, a: 45, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentia.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FHANCISCO*
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. *«:20 x 7:40, 8:15. «»UiOL
11:00 a. m.. 12:25, 2:15. *3:34 4:40. 5:30. U;i£
10 SUNJL>AYS— 6:00. »8:00. »:30. »11:00 a. m..
•12:C0 m.. 1:00. 2:18. *3:30. 4:13. »5:43. fl:i5l
7:30. 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentia.
FKOM MILL. VALLEY TO 8AN FRANCISCO*.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25. »:4a7
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:30. 5:10. 5:20» 7:10.
10:15 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 «. m..
12:15. 1:20. 2:30, 8:45. 5:00, 0:05. 7:15. 10: ii.
*" m " THROTJOH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero aad way
stations. ,"-—,_ . _
8:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero aad way
stations.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—.
Tomales and way stations. -
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. * -
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyea and way
stations.
• Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time. ;.-
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry"! Arriv©
. San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
9:30a. 8:00 a. « u> - wta iBia« i«~ .« rso *?}**¦ S?**
r.z: i*o £ ""»&» »f Hums- 5i5o *: ::::."
_.. 2:80 P. OpMdlth.yemrroutt.1. . 8:15 P. ...;....«
UTU8SAU ULT-Lwx Tram 9:30 t. uAn 9a Frmartwo U:» r. ""¦
Tl«kM OSon. *n JIARIIT ST&XIT Ml 8AC3ALITO rXKST.
• n, j i * . _ Elg B Is a non-pofaonotta
/4HttS4 remedy for Gonorrhoea..
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
JSsSr CURES >£i Whites, unnatural dis-
aKEJ# la 1 ta 6 dirs. v) charges, or an7 Inflamiaa.-
FrSCV Gunatecd t» fc tion, irritation or ulcera-
l*ws n»T«a» aoBiMwa. brane9# Non-astringent.
l^tmEVANSCHEVlCALCO. Sold by Dr« ra lrt*,
VSgkClNaNHATl.0 -iggp or sent in plain wrapjwr. .
%yQgW C. 3. A. >*g by express, prepaid, for
A^jSQhI II .CO. or 3 bottles, *i73.
Q Circular sent oa requwt.
Jj has a prof essional n
H frame fitter to keep S
I your glasses in shape f]
II at absolutely no charge ta
W 64 2 'Market St. v
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by • the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising: from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure lost
- Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia,' Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Har-
ry, Loss of Semen, ££**-% Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner *"> M. 3 vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are TZ^^JtZ^ immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»«" * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and. nerve centers; 60c a box; 6 for
1 2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis St.,
Ban Francisco. Cat GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third at.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
: , BA3XWAY TBA'frEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
> Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
"" [ I Lim'dl |
Local Mon& Local Ovrl'd
Daily Thurs Daily. Dally
Lv Ban Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 pf 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
•• Merced .. 2:35 p 1:17 p 1:30 a.
"Fresno .. 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:15 a
"Hanford . 5:53 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia .. 5:33p 5:00a
" B'kersf'd 8:10p 6:20p....... 7:35a
" Kan City 2:31a 8:02 a
"Chicago 2:16 p I 8:47 p
a lor morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Dally is Bakerafleld Local,
stopping at all points in San Joacraln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
daily.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays is tha
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair | Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond- ¦
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. 1
Offices — 841 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORN PAG1F13
; . It AIL WAY COMPACT.
Tlbnron Ferry, foot ot- JS&rlcet St.
SAN FRAX CISCO TO SAX RAFAEI*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:85.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. in. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00 and 6:20 p. ra.
SAX UAiAKli TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— tS:05. 7:33, 7:00. 8:20, 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:f>5. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦¦-'...¦¦
. Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San ; Francisco! May 4. 1002. |San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. f days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a Ixnaclo 9:10a 8:40a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
B:10p 5:00p Kovato 6:05 p «:20p
. . ¦ . ¦- 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
8:30p 9:30a and 6:05plO:20a
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
' : ~ s Fulton
7:30 a Windsor, 10:20 a
6:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
GeyseKllla •
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:3Sp 6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al . Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p( 6:00 p| Uklah ( 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllf |. 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevlUa I 7:35 p|10:2O a
¦ 3:30 p[ 5:00 p| |10:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 6:00 pi Glen Ellen |6:O5p|6:2Up
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| ¦ * . I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
fox Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Ueyservllle for* Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers and Boonevllle;,at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and.
Bartlett Springs;' at Uklah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Detl
Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's.
Buckncll's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Brags.
West port. Usal; at Wllllts for Sherwood, Cahto
Covelo, Laytonvtlle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka. - .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . "
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket office. 650 Market at. Chronicle build-
ing. - ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' •..-.-.
H." C. WHITTNa. • H. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A«t.
A TIVTrRTTSTTM K M 'I*H.
Mellin's Food contains the nutritive elements for the flesh, bones, muscles and teeth i
in fact, it nourishes the whole system and provides for a perfect and normal development.
The book also tells something
about Mellin's Food — what it is —
how it is used — why it is needed, etc.
You can have this book by send-
ing us your name on a postal card.
- • /
A book of happy, healthy, hand-
some babies, which gives their names,
tells where they live and what their
parents say about them.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
RATLWAY TRAVEL
ADVERTISEMENTS.BATTLESHIP KING EDWARD VII, AS THE VESSEL WILL. APPEAR WHEN COMPLETED. THIS FORMIDABLE
NAVAL ENGINE OF WAR. THE CONSTRUCTION OF WHICH BEGAN ON MARCH 8 LAST, IS TO BE OF
16,350, TONS, AND ITS COST WILL BE $6,500,000/
MONDAY .JUNE 9. fef
JOHN 0. SPRECKELS, Propristor.
ittttu All Ccffinnnlcittoni to W. 8. LEASE, M&mg-r.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
,'. You With the Department You "fc iih.
I'tBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Slnsrle Copies;, 5 Cent*. .-.; '
Term* by Mall, Including Postaeret
CAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year J6.00
D AILT CALL (Including: Sunday). 6 months 3 • w
D AILT CALL (Including Sunday). S months 1 .50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month &*
BCNDAT CALL. One Tear i- 50
VTEEKLT CALL, One Tear I- 00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
- subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
itul subscribers in ordering char re of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O AKLAXD OFFICES 111S Broadway
C. GEORGES KROGXESS.
s*»tgtr Fortlga Atartisiiig. X*r$cett« Bsilfli&g, Ctic»g>
{Long Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARL-TOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHES B. SMITH oO Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Ifcrray BUI Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Chensan Houee: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHItfGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., !f. W.
BIORTOX E. CRANE. . Correspondent.
BRAVCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ur.tr. 6:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
S :30 o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 0 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
Quality makes price. Wers Burnett's Vanilla.
Extract no better than other extracts Its nrlcl
would be the same. Once tried always used.
PP Going: to Thunder Mountain ft
The- Northern Paclfle Railway is tha b»»t
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewis ton
and Stltcs. Idaho, there are (rood wagon roads
to a'ther Warrens or Dixie, from which point j
the trails Into this district an most accessible
For rates, etc., address T. K. STATELEn_
Q. A.. 64" Market St.. S. F. «*«*n.
It is estimated that over 8000 miles of
new railroads will be built this year an.i
that $500,000,000 will be spent in construct
ing new lines and improving old ones.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Pi ess Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call,
ferula street. Telephone Main 1M£ •
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50o a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern frlend3. 639 Market
street, Palace Hotel building. •
Reduction, genuine eyeglasses, specs, 10
to 40c. Note 81 4th, front barber, grocer.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.'
CaL glac fruit 60c per lb at Townaend'*.*
The bees, meanwhile, buzzed angrily,
but the spoliation went on Just the same!
—Chicago Tribune.
"The zeason, I reckon," said the man
who was removing the honey from the
hive, "is that we tax them without their
consent."
Why is it," inquired the man who was
looking on. "that a hive of bee3 is called
a colony?"
Gotham— Why, yes; you see. he was In
the trouble at Santiago; then he joined a
choir and now's he's going to be mar
ried.—Yonkers Statesman.
Church-^Did you say he is a born
fighter?
"Why," asked the visitor, "do you call
this section 'the tenderloin?* "
replied his mentor, who had
lived in a boarding-house all his life, "it's
because it's so tough." — Philadelphia
Press.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Details of the steam trials of the Rus
sian cruiser Askold are given in the May
number of the Marine Rundschau, from
which the following information relating
to this novel naval craft are condensed.
The British torpedo gunboat Gossamer,
one of twelve vessels built ten years ago,
has been reconstructed at a cost of $298,
740, of which $60,375 on hull and $261,550 for
new machinery. At her recent trial the
boat made' a speed of 20.32 knots with 6058
horsepower, or .68 knot less than the con
tract called for, but the result was con
sidered satisfactory and the machinery
was accepted. It Is an improvement upon
the first trials when these twelve vessels
were built, as their horsepower arid speed
fell consiedrably short -of the calculations.
They were Intended to develop 4500 horse
power and j 21 knots speed, but .only
reached 19 . knots ] with 3600 horsepower,
and they have been of little or no service.
The Seagull, another boat of the Gossa
mer type, has been fitted with Niclause
boilers and has been undergoing . experi
mental trials for a year past. The orig
inal cost of the Gossamer was $319,450,
and it seems almost to be a waste of
money to expend a sum equal to nearly. 90
per cent of the first cost upon a vessel
twelve years old in order to make her a
couple of knots speedier.'
Small-arm .practice in the British navy
is greatly neglected. The report of 1900-01
shows that there were seventy-two ships
on which no drill with rifles and pistols
had been carried on during that period,
and that the total number of sailors thus
unlnstructed numbered 15,339.
in 1861. The Warrior was of 9210
tons and her cost was $1,884,950 for hull,
armor and machinery. During the follow
ing twenty years the tonnage increased to
11,000 tons and, the cost to $2,500,000, after
which. came the Royal Sovereign class of
1M50 tons at $4,250,000. The Majestic class
of 14,900 tons, built in 1S94 and 1S96, cost
54,500,000; the Canopus class, 12,950 tons,
cost $4,300,000; the Formidable of 15,000
tons cost $5,000,000; the Duncan class, 14,000
tons, cost $5,500,000, bringing the fleet down
to the King Edward VII, of 16,350 tons, to
cost $e,5oo,ooo.
THE cost of armored shlps-of-the
line in the British navy has vastly
increased since the first ship of
that class— the "Warrior— was built
the contract as being too risky, and the
work was given to the Ansaldo yard,
which was willing to take the risk. At the
recent steam trial the ship reached a
maximum speed of 17% knots and aver
aged 16.75 knot3 for the run, and the
builders are confident of still further in
creasing the speed by a slight change of
the pitch of the screws. The Messoudleh
•was built in 1874 at the Thames Iron
Works, London, and had a speed of 13
knots, with 7431 horsepower. The new
engines and water tube boilers are of
10,000 horsepower. A new armament of
two 9.2-lnch, twelve 6-lnch quick-firing,
fourteen 3-inch and six 6-pounder3 is be
ing supplied by the VIckers-Maxim Com
pany.
• • •
The Austrian naval budget for 1302-03
is $10,175,000, of which nearly $3,000,000 is
for extraordinary expenditures, such as
new ships, armament, improvements in
dockyards, etc.
. : ' • • •
The Spanish Navy League offers prizes
ranging from $1000 to $500 for the best
codes of maritime law in Spanish not
hitherto published. This indicates an
awakening interest in naval affairs in
that country, a sentiment much needed to
create a new navy. And this is a re
minder of the fact that Russia and the
United States are the only naval power3
having no bona fide navy leagues. There
is apparently no general public interest
manifested in these two countries on the
subject of naval defenses.
- Japan's alleged naval programme ln^
vclves an outlay of about $60,000,000, dis
tributed over a period of six years. Tak
ir.g the past year's expenditure as a basi3,
the naval appropriations would increase
from $18,500,000 to about $25,000,000, and
there will be considerable trouble to raise
this increased amount by taxation or in
a foreign hjan. Nearly $100,000,000 has been
expended oh new construction between
1S94 and 1902, and the navy, which is prac
tically new, numbers 139 vessels of all
classes, with a total of 251,498 tons. Tha
new programme, embracing five battle
ships, two armored cruisers, eight pro
tected cruisers and ten destroyers, would
increase the navy by 1910 to 165 .vessels
with a total of 387,398 tons.
The firm of Ansaldo & Co., Genoa; has
scored a decided victory over British
shipbuilders in the reconstruction of the-
Turkish battleship Messoudleh. The con
ditions under which the contract was
awarded stipulated a minimum speed of 15
knots with the new machinery and a pen
alty of $250,000 for failure to reach that
speed. Prominent English firms refused
* The Rivista Maritima, an Italian naval
service journal, contains an article from
Major Manfred! on the coast defenses of
Italy, He is unqualifiedly in favor of
submarine boats, and contends that a
liberal number of such boats distributed
at- seaport cities would make It Impossi
ble for any enemy to either bombard,
blockade or effect a landing of .'troops.
The presence or the suspicion of the'prox
iir.ity,.of a submarine boat would make
foreign ships keep clear of the coast, and
he urges the press to impress upon the
public the necessity of raising funds by
popular subscription to build a number
of submarines for the defense of coast
towns.
The contract was given to the Germania
or Krupp's yard at Kiel in August, 180S,
to build a cruiser of 6000 tons displace
ment, 23 knots speed In deep water, nor
mal ccal 720 tons and a bunker capacity
of 1050 to 1100 tons. The armament i3 to
consist of twelve 5.9-inch, twelve 12
pounders, eight 6-pounders, six lighter
puns and six torpedo tubes, two of which
latter are under water. The ship, is 426.5
feet in length between perpendiculars,
49.3 feet beam and 20 feet 3 Inches
draught, and her sole armor protection is
a nickel steel protective deck 1.58 inches
to 2.95 inches In thickness, that part of "*
the machinery above water having a cas
ing of 3.95-inch armor. The vessel has
three crews and is fitted with Schulz
¦water tube boilers calculated to develop
19,000 horsepower. On August 1, 1901. a
trial over the measured mile was made
under forced draught in shallow water,
v«-hen 22,900 horsepower and 22.9 knots
v.'ere developed. Later on two deep sea
trials of six hours' duration were made,
the ship displacing 6100 tons, when the fol
lowing results were obtained: Highest
horsepower, 23,600; speed, 24.5 knots; mean
horsepower of twelve hours, 20,405; speed,
23.6 knots; mean consumption of coal per
unit of horsepower, 1.85 pounds.
Senator Hanna is an expert on volcanoes. He was
general manager of ; an eruption in 1896 that drove
Bryan into Salt River to escape from the ashes.
*-.-.. . - v v " .--.¦--.-• . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
UNION JACK— A ; Few Readers, Cityl
The : blue - flag • with white r stars seen on
United States vessels is the union of. the
American flag, and is called the "American
jack: : The; jack is a; flag corresponding
in appearance to the union "of the national
flag. Thus "in the : United States : service
it ia a blue flag with a white star "for
Perhaps it is thought best to reconcile the Chinese
people to death and the next world in the hope that
they will there get a dividend out of Christianity to
offset the big assessment that Christendom levies on
them here. ,. . ~.
EUCHRE^W. M. B., City. V Hoyle lays
down the following rule for playing alone
in the game ofouchre: "A ¦ player, may
only ¦ play alone when he adopts, orders
up or makes a . trump; or when his part
ner'assists, orders .up. or makes a trump.
Hft cannot, however, -play, alone with a
trump he has \ passed,- or with a trump the
making. of which he has passed; nor can
he play" alone" after. a lead has. been made
by himself or by his. opponents." •
Since Moody has become Secretary of the Navy
his neighbors in Massachusetts expect him to get an
appropriation to improve the Merrimac rrver so that
warships can go. from -the sea'up to Moody's town
and help the natives celebrate the Fourth of July. -
FOGS— Subscriber, City. Fogs are. gen
erally speaking, caused by the precipita
tion of ; the moisture - of the atmosphere.'
They are formed when a warm stratum
of atmosphere comes in contact A with a
cold stratum or with a portion of the
earth's surface, , as a hill, by which It is
cooled so 'that it ; can no longer hold as
much moisture in solution as before. This
causes the frequent fogs in mountain re
gions. When a cold. stratum of air comes
over, a moist, warm part.' of the earth's
surface a fog is also formed. This la the
cause of the mists that appear over lakes
rivers and marshes in the evening, since
t*aa water is then warmer than the at
mosphere above it. The blackness and
density of London fogs are caused by the
simple fact that the mist formed in the
upper air mingles with the ascending
clouds of smoke from hundreds of thou
sands of chimneys, and descending brings
the smoke with It and, settles like a pall
above the buildings and in the streets of
the city.
BELGIANS-A. P., City. While it is
true that there are many Belgians who
believe In the socialistic dogma, it cannot
be said that to give the Belgians ''univer
sal" ; suffrage would result in' Belgiuin*be
comlng a socialistic government. This de
partment ; has ! not been able to ascertain
if the ¦_ statement that "all Belgian . sol
diers are socialists and would not fire
upon socialists," is true or not.
~ A dread report comes from Germany that/Prince
Henry has said that the only time , he was bored in
America was when he had 'to listen to the speeches
that went with the ceremony of conferring upon him
the Harvard degree. Perhaps he would have en
joyed Harvard more had he been initiated as a mem
ber of a secret society and taught the college yell. ;
PATE DE FOIE GRAS— H. U..-O., Hil
ton, Sonoma County. Cal. Pate de f ole
gras is French for paste of fat liver. It
is generally applied to a preparation of
fat liver of geese, prepared in different
ways, according to the taste of the in
dividual who prepares it. Some prepare
it,,with and others without truffles. The
term can equally be applied to a paste
made of fat liver of any other bird or of
any animal.
V DATES OF BIRTH— Reader, San. Ra
fael, Cal. General . Roberts, B.A., was
born in 1832; General Kitchener, B. A., was
born In 1858; General Miles, U. S. Ai, was
born In Westminster, Mass., 1839;, General
Woods, U. S. A., in Winchester, N. H.,
in 1860. \
The Rev. Thomas Van Ness of Boston has
told his people that the big armies and navies of the
nations will soon pass away because the eager thirst
for wealth, will generate such a fierce industrial and
financial competition that no people • will be, able to
maintain a costly military, establishment. The argu-.
ment is ingenious, but it will be remembered that in
the past commercial, rivalries have generally led to
war! and have been /ought out on battlefields.
MOURNING— Subscriber, Marshall, Cal.
As a rule a widow wears mourning for
two . years ; . mourning for parents, broth
ers and sisters is one year; for grand
parents, six' months; N for an uncle or
aunt, three months; for a first cousin, one
month. - . ¦¦¦! — ".
DEPOT— D. ii. City. Depot Is a French
word that- has been incorporated in the
English language, and means a place
where stores are kept, and in England the
body of troops in which recruits are
trained. In the United States it is the
name proper for a freight station on* a
railroad, and is also applied to passenger
stations," but of late years the latter are
called stations. The French pronuncia
tion is' day-po, while the American pro
nunciation, except by those who v affect
foreign pronunciation, is dee-po.
CALIFORNIA JOURNALS— M. C. J. f
Brooks, Cal. The principal papers: pub
lished in California in the interest of
poultry and agriculture are the California
Cultivator and; Poultry Keeper and the
Rural Calif ornian, Los Angeles, and The
Pacific Rural Press,' San Francisco.
GENDARME— A. P., City. Gendarme
Is French and literally means man of
arms. The broad definition is policeman,
as applied to armed civil police of France.
PEAS— M. M., Lathrop, Cal. The differ
ence between "dried peas" and "green
dried peas" as quoted In the market re
ports is that one variety dries out very
light brown and the other greenish. Both
are used to crack for soup. The "green
dried peas" must not be confounded with
the green peas used as a dinner vege
table. 7
MRS. HENRY WOOD— T. O. G.. City.
Mrs. Henry Wood, the novelist, was born
in bid Worcester, England, January . 17,
1814!' and died February 10\ 1873. '
CORRECT PUNCTUATION-S., City.
The correct punctuation of the sentence
submitted is "Via St. Louis, Memphis or
New Orleans."
COMPULSORY EDUCATION— C., Palo
Alto, Cal. You will find material for a
debate on the subject of compulsory edu
cation in the reports pf-the United States
Ccmmlssioner of Education and In the
magazines. The latter can be traced by
consulting Poole's Index and the Index of
Cumulative Literature.
FARMERS' HOME JOURNAL— J. D..
Folsom, Cal. The Farmers" Home Jour
nal is published In Louisville, Ky.
COINS— M. M. S., Castroville, Cal. There
is no premium offered for $10 pieces of
1847 nor $5 pieces of 1849.
LIBRARIES— Y., Oakland, Cal. Tha
largest library in the world is the French
Library, Paris, France. For information
as to, the other large libraries of the
¦world, the number of volumes, when es
taonshed, etc.. consult the encyclopedias
to be found in the Free Public of
Oakland or San Francisco. -
GABRIEL-S., Cit" The meaning of
the name Gabriel is given as "God is my
strength." . .
every State. It is hoisted at the Jackstaff,
shipped at the bowsprit, when in port,
-with topgallant yards across.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES;
All bankers believe that the public and private
credit were put in great peril by the agitation of false
financial theories in 1896. If they believe, also, that
cne great cause of this peril was the, inequality in the
rate of discount which made the use of credit costly
at points remote from money centers they should ac
company their opposition to the Fowler bill with
suggestion of some other means to get the result ex
pected of that measure. The borrowers are a more
numerous class than the lenders and their interests
must not be forgotten, for as a rule they represent
the commercial and industrial enterprise of the
The New York Journal of Commerce approves of
these statements of the Bankers' Magazine and adds
that in this country alone is the principle of branch
banking disregarded. In the days of State ' banks,
however, branch banking was recognized, with the
result that rates for money were equal everywhere in
the State. Hugh McCulloch, who ranks among
the great Secretaries of the Treasury, organized the
State Bank of Indiana, with branches all, over the
State, and as. president of the mother bank at Fort
Wayne, 'put an end to the Indiana "red dog" cur
rency and redeemed the financial reputation of that
State. Surely a system that has worked well in other
countries, and that was in successful operation here
until State banks were obsoleted by our national sys
tem, is deserving of close examination, as a means
for. equal distribution of thejoan fund of the country,
in order to equalize the rate of discount.
In the Dominion of Ganada the branches- of the
thirty-seven chartered banks everywhere make the
same rate, whether in the lumber towns of Ontario,
the wheat district of Manitoba or mining camps of
the Rocky Mountains, and it never exceeds an ad
vance of 2 per cent upon Toronto, Quebec or Mon
treal.
Where" branch banking prevails and a flexible cur
rency is permitted no such difference is found. The
Reichsbank of Germany has branches in 316 cities,
and the rate in them is identical. The Bank of
France through its branches has an identical rate
for the same class of loans and' securities in every
department. The Bankers' .'. Magazine says that the
same conditions exist,~due to the same cause, in Italy,
Belgium and Holland. ' In England , the country
bank rate 'is always the same, and in Scotland a
thousand banks'have an identical rate
In these rates may be found one cause, and a great
cause, of the intense Southern and Western agitation
of the money question. With money at 4.41 in New
York and from 5.90 to 10 in the South and West, is
it any wonder that the people were willing listeners to
charges against Wall street and plans for making
money plenty?
* Lower. Higher.
i\ ew jl orK .......;.......... 4-41 5-30
Cincinnati 5.01 N '5.87
Chicago : 5.74 ; * 6.53
St. Louis " 5.90 7.23
Milwaukee ......................... 6.27 7.02
St. Paul .....;.. ...;..._..¦.¦¦¦.... 6.60 7.41
Omaha ................ .....».\ 7.98 9.69
Denver ..10.00 11.67
Richmond ... 6.00 6.40
Charleston V. 7.02 7.96
Savannah .... 7.99 9.75
Galveston 7.31 8.00
New Orleans 5.85 7.05
The Bankers': Magazine ,for January, 1899,., pub
lished a statement of the'reasons which are believed
to support Mr. Fowler's bill. reports the
average rate of discounts from 1893 to 1897 in differ
ent parts.of the country, showing the increase in rate
with, the increase in di&tance from New York, as fol
lows, the average of the lower and the higher rates
being given:
The theory I of. the bill.- is that such a system of
branch banks and currency will equalize the rate of
discount or interest by. preventing currency con
gestion in the money centers.
THE Bankers'. Association of California seems
not to be alone in opposing the Fowler bill for,
branch banking and' currency issue on assets
other than national bonds.
THE, FOWLER BILL
Boston law permits the sale of soda water on Sun
day, and a Massachusetts court has decided that
within the^meaning of the law soda water includes
ginger ale,- root beer, sweet cider, sarsaparilla and
several other, things. That is what might be called
a "liberal construction" and yet.it does not satisfy
the Boston mind any more than the. Boston thirst.
try to support the tax.
Altogether it is a very pretty issue for. statesmen to
wrangle over.. To the Liberals it is sbmething of a
stroke of good luck. ' It: has furnished them with an
issue on which they can unite, and from the speeches
of Rosebery and Asquith it seems they are ready to
attack it whether, designed for the benefit of the
colonies or for that' of . the .imperial treasury. -
guine the -Ministry, had something to offer the
colonies or they would not have invited them to a
conference. Similar views are -held in Australia, so
it would seem that if it. were not the object of "the
Ministers to use the tax as a means" of giving advan
tages to the colonies in the home market the force of
colonial opinion wili compel them to concede some
thing of.thatkind provided they can get the coun-
INCREASING IMPROVEMENT AND COST
OF BRITAIN'S LINE-OF-BATTLE SHIPS
TRADE QUIET AND' FEATURELESS.
THE EXCURSION STATE.
CALIFORNIA is par excellence the excursion
State!" Every company of Eastern people
who wish to go somewhere discuss 'a trip to
California , first. Every Eastern rival has been sub
dued. This State is firmly established as the best
summer resort and the best winter resort, the best
all-the-year-round place in the world. Italy and the
Mediterranean countries are losing their prestige.
They have more human history than we, but less hu
man comfort, and; after all, physical comfort is what
people want who seek recreation. The South Atlan
tic seaboard, from the Virginia capes to the Gulf of
Mexico, once found favor as a. place to spend vaca
tions in, but people have discovered that to the
northern physique that region is too enervating. It
slackens the physical fiber too much. There is some
pleasure in its languor, but the general effect « is
weakening, rather than tonic and strengthening. In
the mountain States the altitude is a discomfort to
many. People who are traveling in the luxurious
way now within the. reach of all soon feel the need of
physical exercise and in those high altitudes they
lose their breath and find an unpleasant acceleration
of the pulse, which to many, is alarming and to all a
discomfort. When they reach California they find
the perfection of physical conditions. At no season
is it too hot or too cold. In medicine all tonics are
bitter. The tonic of California climate is sweet. Here
is no languor, but visitors find in the climate a zest
that makes youth glorious and age vigorous.
Go where you will in the East, people are found
who still dream of California and the hospitality of
our people, the splendors of our scenery and the lux-,
urious embrace of our climate, as they enjoyed them
with the long past excursions of the Knights Tem
plar, the Grand Army of the Republic, the American
Educational Association and other bodies and organ
izations that have sojourned here with pleasure and
departed with regret. We have booked for this sea
son the Mystic Shriners and the Knights of Pythias.
If the Oriental folk, after whose ways and manners
the Shriners copy, were in the company that is com
ing they would declare that the Orient, '.from the
Euphrates to the Irawadi, has in . its crown no
jewels superior to those that are California's every
day wear. The Pythians will admit that -the friend
ship of the original Damon and Pythias would not
have survived a dispute over the majesty and beauty
and hospitality of California. These bodies have their
secret work, their grips, passwords and grand hail
ing signs, but they will admit that no. other' grip or
greeting is needed for admission to the hearts of our
people than that the comer is a stranger and well be
haved. ,
One fact is strengthened by experience and obser
vation, and that is that California never palls on the
visitor. Our variety is so infinite that there is some
thing here for everybody. The business man is im
pressed by our great multitude of resources; the tired
man by the restfulness of* our conditions; the artist
by our perfect : air and light and our matchless pan
orama of landscape, and the literary person tingles
with an inspiration to literary invention and purpose.
As a veteran business man of Boston puts it, con
fessing that fie is confirmed in the California habit:
"It is the best place on earth to do nothing and to do
anything."
The liberal policy of the railways is making it easy
for people to come here, whether home seeking or
pleasure seeking. Visitors are sure to find either.
. The Shriners are now en route and will soon throng
our streets. They will feel as if they had entered a
new world, a combination of Eden and Ophir, where
there is the best of everything that outside of Cali
fornia has to be sought separately in the several
grand divisions of the globe. Let them feel that it is
impossible to overtax our hospitality or exhaust our
good cheer.
The price of coal has been rapidly rising in New
York, but then the thermometer is going up with it
and in a few days the people will be able to broil
their steaks in the sunshine — provided they can get
a steak.
THE BRITISH GRAIN TAX
THE midsummer lull in trade seems to have
appeared earlier than usual this year. , From all
sections of the country come reports of quiet
and featureless markets. The bank clearings showed a
loss last week of 32.7 per cent, the largest deficiency
for a long time, and of the large cities only three —
St. Louts, Cleveland and New Orleans — exhibited a
gain over last year. Not for several years have so
many leading cities shown a decrease in bank clear
ings as last week. The aggregate clearings, too, fell
off considerably, being only $1,796,823,000, of which
$1,060,421,000 was credited to New York. The fail
ures were 218, against 192 for the same week in 1901.
Labor troubles are charged w.ith this falling off in*
business as reflected by the clearings, but this ground
is hardly well taken, considering that Chicago, where
the most serious strike prevailed, showed a smaller
percentage of loss than most of the other great trade
centers. A glance at the itemized list of clearings
would rather indicate a general diminution of busi
ness throughout the country- This may mean noth
ing more than the usual summer halt, for no com
plaints are being received from any part of the
United States. Collections are reported up to the
average, the jobbing and retail business is above the
normal in activity, and whatever halt there is seems
to be in the larger commercial movements, such as
exportation and importation and manufacturing. The
railroads are still doing a rushing business, the earn
ings being ahead of all previous years, while jobbers
are reporting a better demand for dry goods. The
other staples are wholly devoid of feature, and show
no disposition either to advance or decline. As far
as commercial fluctuations are concerned the trade of
the country seems to be on a level and undeviating
plane.
Peace in South Africa is expected to stimulate
trade in more than one way. Manufacturers and
other exporters are rather looking forward to an
increased demand for their goods in consequence,
while the moneyed interests are talking about a large
increase in gold production and a resultant
ease in -the money markets at the different financial
centers of the world. Wall street, however, has thus
far failed to exhibit any pronounced reanimation
since the war was formally declared closed, and in
fact trading in that mart was quieter last week than
for a long time, the market being almost neglected
on several days.
Conditions in California show no change whatever.
Good crops, good prices and a good demand for al
most everything produced' in the State combine to
keep things moving along briskly on the whole
coast, and there are no complaints from any quar
ter. The crops are now so far advanced that they are
not likely to be seriously damaged by unfavorable
•/eather, and as stocks of California products are so
zfmall in those markets where these products find an
outlet that prospects are for profitable' prices to rule
during the rest of the ycaj. This of course creates
general confidence all over the coast, and the result
is seen in an active movement of produce and mer
chandise, with good collections, few and small fail
ures and an abundance of available capital in all di
rections. Whatever conditions may prevail in other
parts of the country there is certainly no commercial
lassitude in the three Pacific Coast States. Times
could not be better and be safe, for if business were
more actii-e it would partake of the nature of a boom,
which is seldom a desirable condition. We are doing
first rate, and are wise if we let it rest at that point.
Talk about municipal enterprise! Here is a case
of it. Twenty years ago Omaha set about working
for the erection of a market building to cost $200,000
and now the Omaha Bee says the people have de
cided to compromise on one that will cost $15,000.
The Chamberlain family is ahead. Joe is still run
ning the British empire, and another Chamberlain is
about to take charge of Oregon.
LORD ROSEBERY speaking at Leeds a few
days ago is reported to have said the grain
tax proposed by the Ministry is designed as a
sort of prelude to a sort of fiscal union throughout
the empire, but that even on that ground it is inde
fensible, because "it would necessitate the surrender
by Parliament of. control of the fiscal policy of the
kingdom and transfer it to the colonies."
The argument it will be seen is similar to that ad
vanced by Senator Hoar against any extensive sys
tem of reciprocity on the part of the United States,
since such treaties would inevitably take controlof
our customs duties out of the hands of Congress and
place it in the hands of the State Department. The
Rosebery argument, however, is by no means so
strong as that of Senator Hoar, for While reciprocity
treaties would mean the interference of foreign pow
ers in the arrangement of American tariffs the
Chamberlain scheme of an imperial tariff for Great
Britain would leave the control after all in the hands
of statesmen all of whom are members of the British
empire.
It is by no means certain, however, that the Min
istry designs to use the grain duties as a means of
giving preferential rates to the colonies, thus bring
ing the empire into "a sort of fiscal federation. It
may be the tax on grain is designed pure and simple
for the purpose of obtaining an increased revenue.
That view has been taken by some Liberals and they
have urged objections to it on - the ground .that it
would be unjust to the colonies.
In a speech at Free Trade Hall at Manchester Mr.
Asquith is reported to have said that ttie. Canadian
would' say: "I import into Great Britain for the
British market large quantities of wheat and flour.
You are putting a tax on my flour and -my wheat
when it comes into the market, but the British farm
er at home who is producing the same commodity
pays no tax at all. Here we aVe, joint members of the
same . empire, subjects of the same sovereign; ,we
have contributed in the war that is going on of our
blood, of our very best, to the support of our cause,
and you seize that moment, when we hope and believe
the war is coming to an end, to discriminate against
your own fellow-subjecfc of thecolonies and in favor
of our fellow-subjects at home."
Meantime the statesmen of the colonies seem to be
fairly certain they will get a preferential. rate in the
British market. They will at least demand it. Speak
ing at Wellington some time ago! Mr. Seddon, the
New Zealand Prime Minister, said he had -''notified'
the British Ministry that in the conference of Colon
ial Premiers with the Ministers to be held during the
coronation .festivities, the question of a preferential
tariff- must ;hold the foremost place. Sir Wilfrid
Laurierof Canada is reported to have said that while
nothing had been assured on that subject he was sari-
Cuban General Gomez has refused a pension.
Won't he please come right here and teach a lot of
people how he did it?
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MOXDAY, JUNE 9, 1902.
6
Call subscribers contemplatinsr a change of
residence d urine the *nmmer month* can have
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses by notifying; The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all towns on the coast.
30 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
A car-load ot CalX Superior
Atlases has arrived and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. AH transcribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy ot
this rreat book at the prem-
ium rate of fl 50. Oat of
town subscribers desiring; »
eopy. ot this splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re-
ceipt of . fl CO. All mall
orders will be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
' CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
THE COAST RECORD.
FROM SEATTLE.
Splendid entertainment is afforded at
the Chutes this week by the Romany
Trio, composed of Eva Braton, soprano;
Elsie Whittier, guitarist, and Jack Hop
kins, 'cellist; Hill and Whi taker in their
refined musical interlude; Arthur Lane,
the well known barytone and light come
dian; Mile. Laurelle, . the "Queen of
Lights;" Raff erty and Onslaw, acrobatic
knockabout comedians: the Lamonts in
t-ieir parlor acrobatic exhibition and
moving pictures by the animatoscope.
The school children of the city were the
guests of the Chutes yesterday and be
tween 10 o'clock in the morning and mid
night more than tw^nty-flve thousand
people passed through the turnstiles
Harvey Downing in his great act of
"looping the loop" on. a bicycle is coming
next week.
"A Guilty Mother," a melodrama of
laughter and tears, Is on this week at the
Central Theater. The cast Is unusually
strong and contains such well known
fevorites as Fanny Mclntyre. Annette
Marshall, Margaret Wycherly, Georgle
Cooper, Agnes Rankln, Mabel Bowman,
Earl Brown, James Corrigan, Julius Mc-
Vicker, Edwin T. Emory, Elmer Booth,
George Nichols and George P. Webster.
Ten long weeks and "Fiddle Dee Dee"
Is still running to full houses at Fischer's
Theater. For Shriners" week there will
be a host of novelties and Kolb, Dill and
Bernard will Introduce some quaint say-
Ings relative to the Mystic Nobles. On
Wednesday afternoon there will be a
special matinee performance by the fa
mous Pollard Juvenile Opera Company
when a complete production of "Pina
fore" will be given. This Is the last time
the 'public will have an opportunity of
seeing these clever little artists, as they
pail on the Sierra on Thursday for Aus
tralia.
"The Toy Maker" will continue another
week at the Tivoli. The tuneful opera is
sung by a great cast, and the audiences
have been highly pleased with the produc
tion. Numerous mechanical novelties are
introduced, and Ferris Hartman and
Harry Cashman furnish lots of fun. On
Saturday next every child attending the
matinee will be presented with a hand'
some toy.
Maude Fealy will present Jerome K.
Jerome's clever comedy, "Miss Hobbs," at
the Grand Opera-house this week. The
young actress has made scores of friends
by her clever acting and" is rapidly becom
ing a favorite. Her delineation of the
leading role in "My Lady Dainty" last
week stamps her an actress of marked
ability.
The Columbia Theater audience this
evening will be measured only by the
capacity of the house. The occasion will
be the appearance of Henry Miller, Mar
garet Anglin and a special company in A.
W. Pinero's comedietta in four acts, en
titled "Trelawny of the Wells." The stars
will be surrounded by the full strength of
their magnificent supporting company, in
cluding among others: William Court
leigh, Charles Walcot, Lawrence d'Orsay,
Fred Thome, Arthur Elliott, Charles
Gotthold, Walter Allen, E. Y. Backus,
Otis Turner, Mrs. Thomas Whiffen, Mrs.
Charles Walcot, Ethel Hornick, Jennie
Eustace, Grace Elliston, Dorpthy Ten
nant, Josephine Wyndham, Martha Wal
dron and Lillian Thurgate. The opening
piece of the season, "Trelawny of the
Wells," will J)e seen all of this week, in
cluding Wednesday and Saturday mati
nees. The comedy was a brilliant success
at the Lyceum Theater, New York, where
it ran for over a hundred nights. Its story
is simple and yet unusually attractive, and
with the splendid cast to appear in it this
evening should prove doubly interesting.
Standing room will be at a premium this
evening at the Alcazar. Florence Uoberts
and a strong company opens at the thea
ter in David Beiasco's greatest piay,
"Zaza." This is Miss Roberts' fifth sea
son, and she will be accorded a generous
welcome when she steps on the stage to
night. White Whittlesey will support
her as leading man. The production is
one of the biggest ever given at tne popu
lar playhouse. Messrs. Belasco & Thall
have spared no expense to make the pro
duction a worthy one. The theater has
been newly painted and carpeted and pre
sents a handsome appearance.
The absence of "the Moto Girl" at the
Orpneum last evening was keenly noted
by tne regular attendants, btage Man
ager. Ornaorlf's explanation that the lauy
had arrived, but ner baggage was de
layed, partly explained tne mystery as to
wnetner 'tne Moto Girl" was a human
being or an automaton. The lady will
make her debut to-nignt. Among the new
numbers were Cusnman, Hoicombe - and
Curtis, a singing trio, who scored heavily
two years ago with a schoolroom sKetch.
Their latest playiet, entitled "awells at
Sea," is far trom being funny, but the
singing of the trio is above the ordinary.
Howard Chambers, the New Zealand
barytone, made his American debut and
proved himself a splendid singer. Barton
and Ashley, presented "Canal Boat Sal"
as a side issue to their SKetch. Barton
plays a tramp in funny fashion and does
some difficult acrobatic dancing. The
Twin Nices open the bill and till in very
nicely. Irene Franklin ¦ has a new song
about "Dreamy Kyes" that is catching.
Le Koy and Clayton are very good in
• their Irish comedy, "Hogan of the Han
som." Murphy -and Slater do some won
denul dancing and the biograph closes tne
bill with some new views.
The Neill company presented "The Jilt,"
a delightful comedy In live acts, last night
at the California Theater. The play is a
new one to local theater-goers and it con
tains a most clever plot, with a quaint
strain of humor and here and there a lit
tle touch of love and pathos, which holds
the interest of the audience and at the
same time serves to bring out the strong
points of the actors in their different
roles.
"The Jilt" is an English play and deals
entirely with the life of tne British coun
try gentleman. Mr. Neill, who acts tne
part ot an Irish horseman, scored a suc
cess by his witty sanies and his clever In
terpretation of tne well chosen part,
jfckiythe Chapman, as the heroine, is aa
bewitching us ever and greatly pleased
her many admirers. Frank Me Vicars acts
the country gentleman to periectlon and
Scott aeaton as the parson made a' great
hit.
John W. Burton as the colonel was ex
ceedingly clever and Donald Bowies as
the vuialn acted has part well. Gertrude
Keller, who plays the part of Phyliss, is a
lxis Angeles girl ana was engaged last
week by Mr. jNeill. she lmmeaiaiely be
came popular ana performed her part
with rare sKlll. J In tact, all the memDers
of the clever company are at their best
and the play bids lair to have a most suc
cessful run.
The race track scene in the last act is
probably the best of its kind ever seen
at a local playhouse.
Well-Known Stars Open at
the Columbia and Al
cazar To-Night.
"Motogirl" Fails to
Appear at the
Orpheum.
NEILLS PRESENT
CLEVER COMEDY
Cnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francleco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
tbe belght'of'tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY, JUNE 9.
Sen rises * 4:47
Sun sets ...7:30
Moon Bets 10:26 p. m.
, Mrs.ICopf of 703 Vanderwater street brought
her eon, Freddi* Kopf. to the Harbor Hospital
Boy Shoots Off linger.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
tbe early morning tides are given in the left
hand' column and tbe successive , tides of- the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
" FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slope.
The pressure has risen over the northwestern
portion of the . Pacific Slope and fallen over
the Rocky Mountain region. ,
The temperature has I risen over the country
west of the Rocky, Mountains except in the
western portions of , Oregon and Washington,
where there .has been a sharp fall. In the in
terior of -California, the temperature is from
10 to 18 -degrees above the normal. . ,
Conditions are favorable for continued fair,
warm ¦ weather In ( California Monday.
Forecast made i at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 9, 1902.. '
. Northern California — Fair Monday; continued
warm; fresh westerly winds along the coast.
Southern California — Fair Monday; \ fresh
west wind; ' ¦ . ¦
Nevada— Fair Monday.
*¦ San Francisco , and vicinity — Fair Monday;
warmer; fresh westerly wind, becoming high in
the afternoon; probably. with fog at night.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official, . temporarily in charge.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 8— Stair Den
derah, from Tacoma and San Francisco, • via
Valparaiso. Montevideo, etc., St. Vincent and
Havre; stmr -Pennsylvania, from New York,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
NEW .YORK — Arrived June 8 — Stmr Bar
barossa. from Bremen and Cherbourg; stmr
Etnirla, from Liverpooland Queenstown; stmr
Rotterdam, from Rotterdam. .
SCILLY — Passed June 8— Stmr Mlnnetonka.
from New York, for London.
- GIBRALTAR— Passed June 8— Strar I Phoe
nicia, from Genoa, for New York. ¦. •:.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 8 — Stmr Um
brla, from New' York, via Queenstown.
Sailed June 8 — Stmr Corean, for Glasgow, St
Johns, N F, and Philadelphia.
GENOA — Arrived June 8 — Stmr Cambroman,
from Boston, for Naples., . ' . ,
LONDON — Arrived June 8 — Stmr Columbia, ¦
for Glasgow: stmr Ionian, from Montreal, : for
Liverpool;, itmr Mongolian, from New .York,
for Glasgow, and all proceeded.
BREMEN — Sailed June Sr-Stmr Friederlch
der Grosse, for New York, via Cherbourg, and
parsed Dover. ¦ •- ., - . . ¦ . ¦
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 8— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TACOMA — Arrived June 8 — Ship Deccan,
from Port Townsend; - stmr Charles Nelson,
from San Francisco. 8t .
Sailed • June 8 — Stmr ConemauRh, for Seat
tle* ntmr Charles Nelson, for Seattle.
ASTORIA — Arrived June 8 — Stmr Cymbeline,
from Calcutta, via San Francisco; atmr Al
liance, from San Francisco and way ports.
POINT REYES— Passed June 8, 4 p m—
Stmr Brooklyn, from Point Arena, for San
Francisco. - .
Passed out May 8 — Stmr Indiana, . from Seat
tle, .for Nome; stmr Olympic, f rom . Falrhaven,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed out June 8 —
Stmr Bertha, from Seattle, for Valdez.
Arrived June 8 — Ship Santa Clara, from
Oyster Harbor, for Karluk.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 8— Schr Wil
liam OUen, for San Francisco.
UNION LANDING— Sailed June 8— Stmr
Prenttea. -or San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived June 7—
Stmr Marshfleld, from Mendocino.
Sailed June 7 — Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Marshfield, for Ban Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 8— Stmr Lyra,
hehce June 4; stmr Melville Dollar, hence
June 3; stmr Dirigo, from Skaeway.
Sailed June 8 — Stmr Bertha, for Valdez;
etmr Queen, for San Francisco. ¦
Arrived June 7 — Stmr Washtenaw, from As
toria.
Sailed June 7 — Stmr Indiana, for Nome; stmr
Valencia, for Nome.
. SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 8 — Stmr Marsh
field, from Port Los Angeles.
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 8— Nor stmr
Tellus, hence June 5, for Ladysmlth; bark
Diamond Head, hence May 26, for Seattle;
bark Tidal Wave, hence May 25. for Port
Gamble; brie W G Irwin, hence May 26, ¦ for
Roche Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 8, 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday, June 8. *
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, for San Diego.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, for Eureka,
Stmr Coquille River. Johnson, for Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, for Nanaimo.
Stmr Phoenix, Ordland, for Mendocino.
Schr Annie M Campbell, Larsen, for Port
Townsend.
Schr Advent. Olsan, for Willapa Harbor. .
Schr Excelsior. Prudgett. for Port Blakeley.
SAILED.
(T Sunday, June 8.
Stmr G C Mndauer, Allen. 60 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr| Scotia, Krickson, 10 hours from Bow
ens Landing. <S
Stmr AcaDulco, Russell, 25 days 18 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days 22 hours.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 20 hours from Moss
Landing, etc.
Stmr Bonlta/ Nooander, 66 hours from
Newport aud way ports.
Stmr Westcort, Smith, 21 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorgenson, 7 days ¦ from
Grays Harbor. \
Schr Ida A. Campbell, 4 hours from Point
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 8 ' hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney, 68 hours from
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 2% days
from Ventura, up river direct, in tow tug Res
cue.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
FATAL FLAMES
ENVELOP HER
Woman Burned to Death
in a Camp Near
Willows. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, June- 8.— News has been re
ceived here of the burning to death of
Mrs. A. M. Melgs, a member of a party
of campers who are on their way to Ore
gon and who pitched tents five miles south
of this place. ,
The tragedy, occurred while the camp
ers were preparing supper last evening.
Mrs. Meigs stood too close to the lire and
her skirt became ignjted. . The woman's
husband tore the burning garment from
her and believing that all danger had been
averted started in pursuit of his horses,
which were running away.
The fire, however, had penetrated to
other clothing and in another moment
Mrs. MeigS; was enveloped in flames. Be
fore assistance was rendered her body
was frightfully burned. She died in great
agony three hours later. The body was
interred here.
WEA/THEB REPORT.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) '
SAN FRANCISCO. June 8—5 p. m.
yesterday at noon. Freddie had been playing
with a pistol and he accidentally discharged It.
He suffers from the loss of an Index finger.
VEREITJ"'
HOLDS ANMTTAL OUTING
noon and Evening at Shell
Mound Park.
Many Guests Spend Pleasant After-
The NorddeutscherVerein held its twen
ty-eighth annual day and evening outing
at Shell Mound Park yesterday. Nearly
3000 members and friends were in attend
ance and all enjoyed themselves to the
fullest extent. Bowling contests for valu
able prizes formed an important feature
of the day's entertainment. Other amuse
ments were the usual athletic sports and
dancing. Each child was given a pretty
present as a souvenir of the occasion.. -
The society was founded in 1S72 and has
on its membership rolls the names of
many of the most prominent German-
Americans of the community. About $4000
i3.pald out annually in sick and death
beneMts. The proceeds from yesterday's
outing will be used in benevolent work i
Credit for the success of the affair is due
mainly to the efforts of the following
named officers and committees:
President, Edward Stehn; vice president cap
tain Ludwig Siebie; financial secretary Charles
Moeller; recording secretary, Charles Bolsdort
treasurer, Henry Meyer; trustees — E. F. Ba
ruth, Charles Arp and Louis, Koehn; arrange
ments commlteee — Henry Meyer, Claus Giese
A. F. Meyer, George Alpers, John Schlie
mann; games committee — John Sohl, C B
Abraham, F. P. Rathjen, Henry Miesner E
F. Baruth, H. Barthold, Henry Behlmer Emii
Ipsen; floor committee — Bernard Meyer 6 von
Bostel, C. Kemme, B. Barthold and C. Blunk
Bock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock. Island Rail
ways, and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock Island Railways, for Omaha, Kansas
City, Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones, General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market at *
Temperature at 7 a,'m;, DO.
PEBSONAIr.
F. D. NIcol, a Stockton attorney, is at
the Lick.
. O. J. Woodward, a Fresno banker, is at
the Lick.
Gi D. Plato, a merchant pf Modesto is
at the Lick.
Fred Cox, a banker of Sacramento, Is
at the Grand. •
James A. Tapscott, an attorney of
Yreka, is at the Occidental.
C. M. Coghlan, secretary of the State
Board of Equalization, is at the Lick.
T. E. McSorley, a mining man of Moke,
lumne Hill, is registered at the Lick.
Took Overdose of Opium.
"John Doe" Hamilton, a victim of the
opium habit, was found lying on the side
walk at Third and Howard streets early
yesterday morning in a dying condition
He was taken to the Emergency Hospital
in the ambulance and died shortly af ter
ward. His. body was. removed to the
Morgue. Death was presumably caused
by an overdose of opium.
Teak, the famous ship-building wood
weighs 41. 06. pounds to the cubic foot
Kelsey (chairman), H. Rlffel, D. S. White,
L. Bickell, J. P. Spencer; physician, J. M.
Shulz, M. D.; druggist, George H. Dahl
bender.
Movements of Steamers.
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION MEN
WHO ARE ARRANGING FOR
OUTING.
At the crab fishermen's race, held yesterday,
the Alma, owned by Captain Smoke, and the
Dominec. owned by Captain Sennett, finished so
close that a dispute arose as to who was the
winner, and a decision has not as yet been
r'ven. The next to finish was the Defender,
c.ned by Captain Bencher.
The steamship Enterprise will tie up to-day
at Fremont-street wharf to take on a general
cargo of merchandise for Kilo.
The Bchooner Melrose was successfully
launched yesterday at Hoquiam.
The steamship Luella has been put in the dry
dock for repairs.
The barkentine Planter is being fitted up to
carry a cargo of livestock to Honolulu.
"Water Front Notes.
ing from its fifteenth anniversary is to be
devoted to the sick fund.
Lewis P. Ward, chairman of the games
committee, a life-long member of the
Olympic Club, will have charge of the
games and will be assisted by members of
the society. Sylvester H. Jenner, ex
president of the Typographical Union No. #
21, and chairman of the reception com
mittee, will carefully look after the inter
ests of all strangers. The dancing pavil
ion will be under the supervision of Mau
rice McDonnell, and assistants.
The committee of arrangements con
sists of James P. Olwell, ! George H.
Branch, J. S. Phillips, E. L. Gamble, Pe
ter J. Cotter, Phil Johnson, Frank Gne
kow, M. Dobrin, William Goode, Samuel
T .Sawyer, W. A. Rosetti, John J. Neely,
C. S. Daly. Harry L. White, J. J. Cole
man, J. D. Laing, Farley Lewis.
The officers of the society are: Presi
dent, J. W. Kelly; first vice-president, C.
B. Crawford; second vice-president, Jas.
D. Murray; recording secretary, Howard
Lawlor; financial secretary, George H.
Branch: treasurer, William J. White,
marshal. Lewis P. Ward; guardian, John
Collins; board of directors— James T.
fe-j-|=a HE benevolent branch of San
I Francisco Typogranhical Union
fi No. 21, known as The Union Prin-
J| ter's Mutual Aid Society, will en
tertain its many \friends next
Thursday, June 12, at Fairfax Park, Marin
county.
Boats will leave this city, via Sausalito
ferry, at 9:30 a. m. and 12:20 p. m. Re
turning, trains will leave Fairfax Park at
4:45 and 6:30 p. m. Many printers and
their families, as well as a large number
from the Allied Printing Trades Council
and other labor organizations, will be in
attendance on this occasion, and a good
time is assured to all present. ,
Games of alL kinds, for which .valua
ble prizes will be awarded, will be among
the features of the day. The music will
be under the direction of Professor Bry
son of the Musicians' Mutual Protective
Union, No. 6. ,
Many thousands of dollars have been
expended by this society for the relief of
its sick members, and any surplus result-
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—>
tien precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Leander Cox of 2355 Pine street is seriously
ill at his home with heart disease, and it is
expected that he will not live many days." Mr.
Cox is well known on the water front, where
he has been employed for many years. He
came to this city in 1S58 and was employed by
the Alaska Commercial Company for twenty-six
years. He has lately held the position of chief
engineer of the steamship St. Paul.
Leander Cox Very 111.
The Naval Reserves from the training ship
Marion wUl hold a practice drill at Ingleside a
week from the coming Sunday. The recruits are
making ready for the competitive drill, which
is to be held in San Rafael on the Fourth of
July.
Reserves Practice Drill.
The first machines for the manufacture
of gold pens are- said to have been made
by John Rendill of New York.
Four of the cities selected are provin- j
cial capitals and headquarters of vice- |
roys or governors. These cities are: Pre
fectural city of iShuntienfu or Peking, in.:
Chili province; district city of Ching
menh Sier. in Kwang Tung province; pre
fectural cities of Changsha and Changtc
in Hunan province; prefectural city of
Anchinfu cr Nanking in Anhui province;
prelectural city of Chengtu and depart
mental city of Hsuchou in Szechuan prov
inec, and independent sub-prefectural
city of Hukou in Kiangsl province. Hu
kou promises to become a port of great
trade, being situated at the junction of
the Yangstsze River and Lake Poyang.
For some time past Sir James Mackay
has been urging the provincial authori
ties to open these ports, ustng as an ar
gument the fact that China would receive
much credit if she opened them volunta
rily instead of later yielding to the de
mands cf foreign powers.
News is brought by the steamship Duke
of Fife that Marquis Li, eldest son and
heir to the estate and titles of the late
Earl Li Hung Chang, died at Peking last
month. He was forty years old. The
great estates and wealth amassed by Li
Hung Chang, together with all the titles
conferred upon him and his son just de
ceased, are inherited by the latter's son
and heir. Marquis Ll Kuochieh, who is
twenty-one years old.
TACOMA, . Wash., June S.— Acting upon
advices of the provincial authorities of
central and southern China, the govern
ment -at Peking has decided to open in a
few months eight important interior cities
to foreign trade. They will be known as
International commercial ports.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Steerage — Miss Betsabe Munoz, Panama; R.
Horllgren, Punta Arenas; three Chinese in
transit* for Hongkong.
J. B. Lowery, Ecuador; J. Y. Bayliss, Paul
Kennedy, Ralph M. Parsons. Eugene V. Moyles
and Edward W. Hill, Panama; Otis Hidden,
Fred Hisom and James Moore. Punta Arenas;
Norbeto Salinas and Miss M. Garcia, Corlnto;
Fedor Deininger, Acajatla: Miss W. Ragaland,
San Jose- de Guatemala; Louis Hirsch, Mrs.
Louis Hirsch, Miss Amy Hirsch, Miss Helen
Hlrpch, Miss Hattie Arndt. Miss Vera Hen
drickson, Mrs. H. Reeves and Miss Pllar Car
nnza, Champerico: Mrs. E. Schoenstedt, Miss
C. Schonestedt, Miss E. Schoenstedt, Ernest
Schoenstrdt. Miss M. Bielefeld and Miss I. Es
pinosa, Ocos; Edward Rodden, Acapulco; N.
Winants. Clinton Jchnson, R. D. Morris and
B. M. Wcatherwax. Mazatlan.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
A'capulco, Captain Russell, arrived yes
terday from Panama and way .ports. Ow
ing to strong northwesterly winds she
was about sixteen hours late. ' The ti ip
was made without accident. The Acapul
co brings a cargo of 626 tons of freight,
mostly coffee. She has 6094 bags of sugar,
aboard. She brought a full list of pas
sengers, among whom is Louis Hirsch
and family. Mr. Hirsch when asked as to
the report of volcanic outbursts' near
Retarauleu said: "I left the settlement of
Rttalhuleu on the 26th of May, and up to
that time there had been no outburst of
any kind, although the people daily ex
pected one. Severe earthquakes . have
been of daily occurrence, and an eruption
in the interior would be thankfuly ro
ceived, as it could do no damage to the
settlements, which are a good distance
away, and would relieve the people of the
serious earthquakes, which have done
considerable damage lately."
The passenger list of the Acapulco is as
follows:
Close Finish in Crab Fishers
Race Brings On a
Dispute.
Action Is Taken to Antici
pate a Demand by the
Pcwers.
Steamship Is Delayed by-
Winds Blowing Off
the Coast.
Eight Important Interior
Cities Will Be
Opened.
ACAPULCO HERE
WITH BIG CARGO
CHINA INVITES
F0REIGN TRADE
* - , ¦ * ¦ ¦ - ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 9^ 1902.
Fairfax Park; Chosen as Place of Rendezvous for Annual Picnic.
Many Labor Organizations Signify Intention to Be Present.
All Surplus Over the Expenses Will Be Devoted to Sick Fund
SOCIETY OF UNION PRINTERS
WILL ENTERTAIN MANY FRIENDS
7
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Dirigo Skag-way & Way Ports. June 11
Santa Ana... Skag-way & Valdez June 12
Nome City. .. Nome & Golofnin Bay. June 12
Humboldt. ... Skagway & Way Ports: June 13
Spokane Sksgway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. June 1<t
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Excelsior. . . . • Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Steamer.
Destination
Sails. I Pier.
. June O.
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor 12 m|Pier 2
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pm|Pier 2
Australia. . I Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 1
City Sydney Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
June 1O.
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Albion Rlv. Pt. Arena & Albion « pm Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jane 11.
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPIer.ll
Pleiades N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Vandalay. . Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
June 12.
Argo Eel River Ports. . . 4 pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Dtego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S.Monica.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Peking China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 24
Jane 13.
*rct!c Humboldt ...10 am Pier 2
Jane 14.
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. . 4 pm Pier 2
*»t. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
ircata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Astoria & Portland. 12' m Pier 2
*. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
June 15.
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier IS
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
June 1O.
Alllmce Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 16
Jane 17.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Rival WiUapa Harbor ...12 m Pier 2
Jane IS.
Acapulco... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Steamer. i From. I Due.
Froni.
Due.
I
R. Dollar San Pedro .-*.'..... June, 9
San Pedro Santa Barbara June . 0
Brooklyn Point ¦ Arena June 9
S.Monica Humboldt June 0
Fcmona Humboldt June 9
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... June 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 9
C. Kelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ....June 10
Rainier Whatcom June 10
Argo Eel River June 11
Arctic Humboldt June 11
Qveen Puget Sound Ports June 11
Eureka Humboldt June 11
Lakme Portland & Astoria June 11
Edith Seattle June 11
Titania Nanaimo June 12
Phoenix Mendocino June 12
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 12
EantaRosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 12
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor June 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Chehalis Grays Harbor June 13
Hathor Seattle June 13
Gaelic China & Japan June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland &" Astoria .... June 14
Newburg Grays Harbor June 14
Rival Willapa Harbor June 15
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast. June 15
North Fork.. Humboldt June 16
Cmatllla Puget Sound Ports June 16
f anta Cruz Newport & Way Ports. June 16
Alameda Honolulu {June 17
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. I June 18
Leelanaw New York via Panama. (June 18
O' Time Time Time Time
p> Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
• H tV L W H W L W
9~ 1:00 C.5 7:54—0.7 3:0S 5.1 8:03 ~3jO
10 2:00 5.1 8:45—0.2 3:57 5.3 9:21 2.0
11 3:07 4.7 9:37 0.3 4:44 .5.5 10:37 2.6
12 4:20 4.."! 10:30 .0.9 5:32 5.6 11:50 2.2
13 5:38 4.011:2C 1.4 0:22 5.6 ."....
L W H W L W H W
14 0:53 1.8 0:55 3.8112:22 1.8 7:10 . 5.7
15 l:47| 1.3| 8:10| 3.»| l:10| 2.2 7:54 • 5.0
STATIONS.
§ 3g 33
• JT £
• • a a-
d
ll
fl
i
to
5"
Astoria .. 30.00 66 56 SW
Baker 29.74 00 50 SW
Carson ......20.78 88 54 W
Eureka 30.02 60 62 N
Fresno 29.70 104 56 NW
Flagstaff .....20.80 84 44 NE
Pocatello, Ida. 29. 78 90 50 W
Independence .29.82 90 C2 SE
Los Angeles ..29.80 82 48 W
Phoenix ......29.68 104 70 \V
Portland 29.90 .78 C2 NW
Red Bluff ....29.76 06 66 N
Roseburg 29.90 78 46 NW
Sacramento ..29.76 94 60 S
Salt Lake ....29.80 92 58 NW
San Franclsco.29.86 04 48 W
S. L. Oblspo..29.8S 80 44 S
San Diego ....29.86 (!6 58 W
Seattle ....'...29.94. 74 52 SW
Spokane . 29.72 86 50 SW
Neah Bay .. .20.00 (10 48 ' W
Walla Walla.. 29. 72 92 50 W
Wlnnemucca .29.7S 92 50 W
Yuma . . . . . . . .29.72 98 66 W
Cloudy .T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .CO
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear :.00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Clear .00
Clear' .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Clear .00
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Dirigo Skag-way & Way Ports. June 11
Santa Ana... Skag-way & Valdez June 12
Nome City. .. Nome & Golofnin Bay. June 12
Humboldt. ... Skagway & Way Ports: June 13
Spokane Sksgway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. June 1<t
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Excelsior. . . . • Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
O' Time Time Time Time
p> Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
• H tV L W H W L W
9~ 1:00 C.5 7:54—0.7 3:0S 5.1 8:03 ~3jO
10 2:00 5.1 8:45—0.2 3:57 5.3 9:21 2.0
11 3:07 4.7 9:37 0.3 4:44 .5.5 10:37 2.6
12 4:20 4.."! 10:30 .0.9 5:32 5.6 11:50 2.2
13 5:38 4.011:2C 1.4 0:22 5.6 ."....
L W H W L W H W
14 0:53 1.8 0:55 3.8112:22 1.8 7:10 . 5.7
15 l:47| 1.3| 8:10| 3.»| l:10| 2.2 7:54 • 5.0
Steamer.
Destination
Sails. I Pier.
. June O.
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor 12 m|Pier 2
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pm|Pier 2
Australia. . I Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 1
City Sydney Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
June 1O.
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Albion Rlv. Pt. Arena & Albion « pm Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jane 11.
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPIer.ll
Pleiades N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Vandalay. . Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
June 12.
Argo Eel River Ports. . . 4 pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Dtego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S.Monica.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Peking China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 24
Jane 13.
*rct!c Humboldt ...10 am Pier 2
Jane 14.
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. . 4 pm Pier 2
*»t. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
ircata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Astoria & Portland. 12' m Pier 2
*. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
June 15.
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier IS
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
June 1O.
Alllmce Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 16
Jane 17.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Rival WiUapa Harbor ...12 m Pier 2
Jane IS.
Acapulco... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Steamer. i From. I Due.
Froni.
Due.
I
R. Dollar San Pedro .-*.'..... June, 9
San Pedro Santa Barbara June . 0
Brooklyn Point ¦ Arena June 9
S.Monica Humboldt June 0
Fcmona Humboldt June 9
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... June 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 9
C. Kelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ....June 10
Rainier Whatcom June 10
Argo Eel River June 11
Arctic Humboldt June 11
Qveen Puget Sound Ports June 11
Eureka Humboldt June 11
Lakme Portland & Astoria June 11
Edith Seattle June 11
Titania Nanaimo June 12
Phoenix Mendocino June 12
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 12
EantaRosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 12
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor June 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Chehalis Grays Harbor June 13
Hathor Seattle June 13
Gaelic China & Japan June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland &" Astoria .... June 14
Newburg Grays Harbor June 14
Rival Willapa Harbor June 15
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast. June 15
North Fork.. Humboldt June 16
Cmatllla Puget Sound Ports June 16
f anta Cruz Newport & Way Ports. June 16
Alameda Honolulu {June 17
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. I June 18
Leelanaw New York via Panama. (June 18
STATIONS.
§ 3g 33
• JT £
• • a a-
d
ll
fl
i
to
5"
Astoria .. 30.00 66 56 SW
Baker 29.74 00 50 SW
Carson ......20.78 88 54 W
Eureka 30.02 60 62 N
Fresno 29.70 104 56 NW
Flagstaff .....20.80 84 44 NE
Pocatello, Ida. 29. 78 90 50 W
Independence .29.82 90 C2 SE
Los Angeles ..29.80 82 48 W
Phoenix ......29.68 104 70 \V
Portland 29.90 .78 C2 NW
Red Bluff ....29.76 06 66 N
Roseburg 29.90 78 46 NW
Sacramento ..29.76 94 60 S
Salt Lake ....29.80 92 58 NW
San Franclsco.29.86 04 48 W
S. L. Oblspo..29.8S 80 44 S
San Diego ....29.86 (!6 58 W
Seattle ....'...29.94. 74 52 SW
Spokane . 29.72 86 50 SW
Neah Bay .. .20.00 (10 48 ' W
Walla Walla.. 29. 72 92 50 W
Wlnnemucca .29.7S 92 50 W
Yuma . . . . . . . .29.72 98 66 W
Cloudy .T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .CO
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear :.00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Clear .00
Clear' .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Clear .00
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fischer's Theater.
And from all woes relieve us' "•
That we the treasure
May reap of pleasure.
Every Good Shriner Knows ot This.
ES
SBLAMU
ALBIKUM.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
That you must see before you leave our
beautiful city. .
SPECIAL~NOTICE.
FAREWELL BENEFIT.
POUARO'S JUV NILE OPdRA COMPANY
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. June 11, at 2:15.
Complete and Magnificent Production of Gil-
bert & Sullivan's Greatest Opera?
"PINAFORE."
Only Performance of This Superb Organization.
Reserved Seats — Adults, 23c and 50c; Chll«
dren, 10c and 23c.
A VAUDEVILLE MECCA!
TO-NIGHT! Positive appearance cf
THfc MO.TOGiRl*.
ijn conjunction with Cushman, Hol-
| combe and Curtis; Howard Chambers;
I Barton and Ashley; Twin Nices; 1^
Boy and Clayton; Murphy and Slatsr;
Irene Franklin, and the Biograph.
Reserved seats, i5c; balcony, 10c; box scats
and opera chairs, 50c.
NOTE— Owing to Shriners' Par-
i ade on Tuesday night, the Cur-
| tain will not rise until 8:45.
NOTE — Owing to Shriners 1 parade on Tues-
day night, curtain will not rise till S:45.
Other Evenings at » Sharp.
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY at
2 SHARP.
Packing the House Nightly,
Toy-Maker f
BIGGER CAST THAN EVER BEFORE!
A BLENDING OF WIT AND SONG'
POPULAR PRICES 23c, 50c and 73c
Telephone Bush 9. *• - " <
L m9 n^a a Er^f S\ I belasco
H a B ittffH&BEi *thau.
Market Street, Near Eighth. Fhone South 533.
'I rk«l\i6l-l*- ALL THIS WEEK r-,
1 O'^lgni M at. Sat. and Sunday.
NOTE — Owing to Shriners' parade on Tues-
day night, curtain will not rise until 8:45. :
The Heart to Heart Play of Human Interest, A
GUILTY MOTHER
A Drama of Mingled Laughter and Tears.
A Great Cast: Fanny Mclntyre. Annetta
Marshall, Margaret "Wycherly. Georgle Cooper.
i Agnes Ranken. Mabel Bowman. Earle Brown,
I .Tames Corrigan, JuliU3 McVlcker. Edwin T.
Emery, Stanley Ross, Elmer Booth, George
Nlcholla and George P. Webster.
DiirEC EVENINGS 10c to BOo
li.lLEj MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25c.
Next Week— "MY AUNT BRIDGET."
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
Every Night Except Sunday.
Matines3 Wednesday and Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY- "\i\-' : MARGARET '
MILLER ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY, In
A W. Pinero's Four-act (Comedietta.
TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS
I NOTE^ — Owing to Shriners' Parade on Tues- I
(day Night. Curtain will not rise until 8:43. |
SEATS $1 50, $1. 75c. Me and 25c
TO-NIGHT AT 8:10 SHARP.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
First Appearance This Season, JlC
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Beiasco's Great Play,
—ZAZA—
CDIfEC Even Ings.. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c and 75o
inltLO Matinees .15c, 25c, 35c and 50a
Seats now selling for all performances this
and next week.
NOTE— Owing to Shriners' Parade on
TUESDAY MGHT, curtain will not ri*o
until 8:45.
The Same Success of Last Year of This '
Charming Play.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the Nelll Company Presenting Dion
Boucicault's Great Racing Play
1 I ' I— 7" I— I ; BARGAIN
J- -1- MATINEE
-f -*- -T- III THIRSDW
«J JL * * JL 25c and 50c
Next Sunday Evening — C. Haddon Chambers'
powerful Blay. -CAPTAIN SWIFT."
SEATS THURSDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY ANT> SUNDAY. ;
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This "Week.
America's Youngest ', Star,
MAUDE FEALY
In Jerome K. Jerome's Clever Comedy,
"MISS HOBBS."
First Time on Any Stags at
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, Me, 73o
Good Orchestra Seats AH Matinees. 23c
( '„¦<-. i ,
Next Week— MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD
MORGAN In "ROMEO AND JULIET."
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EYEBY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.
ROMANY TRIO; HILL AND WHITAKER:
* RAFFERTY AND ONSLAW; ARTHUR
LANE: MLLE. LAURELLE: THE LA- ¦
MONTS, AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
NOTE Owing to the Shriners' Parade on
Tuesday Night, the Curtain will not rise until
Nine O' Clock.
Admission -10c Children ,.8c -
Phone tor Seats— Park 23.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dolopfk Desirable location.
1 ttlllvw unsurpassed cuisine,
¦ un equaled ser-
5) fin vice and modern
Ullti conveniences are the
~ j attributes that have
¦11*51 fl/l made these two ho-
UiailU tels popular with
__ tourists and travel-
tiATAlC CTS who visit San
UUlWld Francisco.
SUTRO BATHS.
• OPEN NIGHTS., '.
Open daily from 7 a. na. to 11 p. m.
Bathing: from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c— CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing-, Including admission, 23c; children 20c.
This remedy actually kills the parasites
that infest', the hair bulb, does its work
most effectively and contains not an atom
of substance injurious to anything else
than the germ alone. Herpicide causes the
hair to grow as nature intended It should,
soft and abundant
Upon that theory, proved beyond a
doubt; a cure ' for dandruff was -¦ sought
after. ' Scientists, "chemists, druggists and
physicians all "took a hand," and the
successful Issue is ¦ the present product
known as'"Newbro's Herpiclde."
druff Is Caused by Parasites.
European Skin Specialist Says Dan-
UNNA DEFINES A CATTSE.
TJITCTED STATES BRANCH.
S~i;/\TE;miBlNT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
, OF THE ~^»™»
London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1901, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner cf the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,865,S33 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. H,000,C50 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 3,323.345 8S
Cash in Companj-'f Office 2.725 X0
Cash in Banks 927.27S 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1S8 SW
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 35,659 77
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1,141.385 12
Rents due and accrued 10,000 00
Due for P. P. Premiums ; 825 00
Total Assets $10.3ie.391 02
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6,07S 39
Losses in process cf Adjustment
or in Sut-pense 503,910 65
Losses resisted, including expenses 72,025 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $4,-
073,757 02; reinsurance at 50 per
cent 2,036,878 9C
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more tkan one year,
$4,023,501 79; reinsurance, pro
rata 2,266,907 26
Amount reclaimable by the ln-
eured on Perpetual Fire Insur-
ance Policies 315,914 19
Liability under Life Department. 81.303 88
Commission due 178,875 52
All other Liabilities 253,480 GO
Total Liabilities $5.716,274 51
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $5,502,416 51
Received for interest on Bonds
and mortgages 131,456 72
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources 90.546 92
Received from all other sources.. 9G.447 53
Total Income $5.820.867 68
EXPENDITURES. ~
Sfet amount paid for Fire Losses
< including $409,901 38, losses of
preiious years) $3,769,548 67
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ©24,924 72
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other i
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 344,880 35
Paid for State. National and
Local- taxes 153,245 81
All other payments and expendi-
tures 359,324 16
Total Expenditures $5,551,923 71 '
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
7iet amount of Risks 1
written during the )
year !$S54,C56,804:$8.199.861 84
Net amount of RUks
expired during the
year 783,986,087 7.130,9ol 17
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901. 911.528,314 8.097,259 61
' ' HY W. EATON. Res. Manager.
GEO. OT. HOYT. Deputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27tk i
<ay of January. 1302.
W. H. WILDEY,
Notary Public
Pacific Deportment
422 California Street,
6AN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Res dent Secre: ary.
C. MASON KINNE,
Assistant Secretary,
f ; We will send tb* marraloo* French Iieznedy |-j
x*?^2* CALTHOS R
I /y%A E? %1\ rBBX brash. (»• CO. V. or Tr— 1 1
jF/ni&rtl MriptUa Stiuim* ) *n« • lf|r«J!y ex- B
I Vfe~! _r- _ \ ccsu4 cmwmatac lb*t CALTHOS win ¦
H \ ; ;-TiBE^<F f QTflD Dl*ch»ree* «nd H
B >Kfo. • *\ WIUP Emu3o»., f|
I I V uUrifc Varleooele and I
I! *»r 1 DCOTADr Lm> ll
I >J -^ KcSTUnc vi*o*. |j
| i Use it and pay if satisfied. - frj
H Address VON MOHL CO., 70S B, tf
Sale A»ertc»» AyeaU, CDSCIXJi ATI, O. Jjf
HAD WAY'S HEADY UELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a
Fain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
fcures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
thltla, • Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Peadacbe, Toothache and all pain. Internally
lor Malaria and ail Bowel Pains. All drurrlsts.
AMUSEMENTS.The FillDinos have such a mania for
cockfights that they even go to church
Sunday morning with their cocks under
tKl'tS'K pa as t0 l03e no tham * «•<-
Accepts Chair of Chinese Philoloffv.
-BERLIN, June 8.— Professor " Hirth,
holder of the chair of Chinese philology at
the University of Munich, has accepted
the offer of the Chinese chair at Columbia
University; New York, and will begin his
lectures there next October.
The . ship groaned.
, But :the- Giddy Young Thing who was
talklng^to the Captain was, a good sailor
and didn't mind' a bit of rough weather
"Doesn't ¦? it > seem unnecessarily cruel
-Captain," she said,' , "to*. box a compass?'*
. "Not any ; more so, miss.V he replied
grimly, "than to. paddle. a- canoe."
And the ship groaned some more.—Balti
more American.
¦
, . DENVER, June 8.— Malzle Humphrey,
who., was injured in the runaway accident
at Golden in which Edith Williams was
killed and a number of other High School
scholars were injured, died at 9 o'clock
tonight. Her skull .was fractured and her
jaw broken in two places. AH the other
injured are -doing well except Claude
Hannum, who was injured internaJiv. He
Her Injuries Prove Fatal.
MARIPOSA, June 8.— The Democratic
County Convention has nominated the fol
lowing ticket: Superior Judge J. J. Tra
bucco; District Attorney, J. A. Adair;
Sheriff. J. M. Maloney. Delegates to- the
State Convention were instructed to in
dorse C. Farnsworth for Asso
ciate Justice of the Supreme Court. M. C.
Ray for State Senator and E. M. Baxter
for the Assembly.
Mariposa Democrats Name Ticket.
Oakland. scored the run which saved the
club from a coat of whitewash. With
McCreedie out, Devereaux singled to right.
The ball eluded Roach and went to the
fence, the Toreador going to the third
corner. Dunleavy, the - next man up,
drove a hot grounder toward right, which
Rhymer was fortunate to stop. - The
Clever second baseman was spun around
Angels Nearly Shut Out the League
' Leaders in the South. -
LOS ANGELES, June 7.— Waddell's
masterly pitching would have shut out
the league leaders to-day but for Roach's
error in right field.
In the first half of the second inning
WADDELL IN GREAT FORM.
Drops Dead in a Drugstore.
. UKIAH. June 8 —A stranger entered Dr.
W. N. iJoore's drugstore this morning
and stated to tha clerk that he was suf
fering intense pain and wanted something
that would give relief. Then he started
to sit down, but fell to the floor dead.
The ca'use of death was fatty degenera
tion of the heart. Letters found on tha
person of the man showed his name to
be John N. Graham, probably a resident
of Sausalito. He had been up to. John
Days, an Eel River resort. He waa well
dressed and appeared to be about 30 years
old.
The attendance .was rather light on the
California courts and the matches ; for the
most part were not high class,", as few of
the good players were on'hand.A.-Worth
ington and Dr. Noble and W.'.F. Bull and
Joe Daily, figured in a six-set contest, in
Code and Long played good, tennis when
they beat Griffin ; and Aberisse two'set3.
The score was 6-4, 7-5. Brady and Abe
risse beat Long and Griffin, 6-3, 11-9; Lei
lach and Lewis beat Brady >-and Turner,
6-3, 6-1, 6-4;, Turner and Roberts beat Lei
lach and Lewis, 6-3, 2-6; 6-4; George James
and A. White/with odd of "fifteen," beat
C. Dunlap and J.- Brady, 6-2. r .. V
former. The score in Collier's favor was
9-7, 6-4.. The winner seems to play a much
better game in warm weather, while it. is
just the reverse with his, opponent. Frank
Mitchell proved too strong for Sidney
Salisbury and beat him three straight
sets. The score was 6-1, 6-1, 7-5.
Despite the feret that three of the court3
had been recently oiled there was' an ex
tremely large crowd on' the park courts.
In singles Charles ' Dunlap, the park
champion, and James A. Code ¦•furnished
the best match. Dunlap's- swift chop
strokes were too much for his opponent,
whom he beat two straight ' sets. -".The
score was 6-0, 7-5. Other singles matches
resulted, as follows: C. Adams beat
Frank Long. 6-3, 3-6, 6-2; C Griffin beat
Aberisse, 6-1, 6-2,- 6-4; J. F. Brady beatC.
Ross, 6-1, 6-3; Turner, beat McKenna,6-3,
3-6, 6-4; Griffin beat Brady; 8-6; Leilach
beat S. Lewis, 6-1, 6-2, 7-5, and-H. Turner,
6-1, 6-2; Roberts beat Lewis, 7-5; A; -White
beat Haynes, 6-1; Coucherf beat Ambrose,
6-4 6-2; James, beat Couchert, 6-2, 7-0;
Griffin beat Leilach, 6-4.
¦Many good tennis matches were played
yesterday on the San Rafael , and local
courts. Several of the crack players from
the California Club journeyed to San Ra
fael to become accustomed to '.the courts
on which the State championship matches
will be played next month. W. B.'. Collier
and Harold Crowell furnished the best
match, in which the honors went to the
Commodore R. S. Bridgman, in the flag
ship Thetis, Vice Commodore A, C. Lee, in
the sloop' Surprise, and'Dr. T. -L. Hill, in
the sloop Queen, sailed "up to McNears
and anchored there. .Jules Hartman's
sloop Mascotte of the . California Yacht
Club and one of Boatman Crowley's
launches took large parties • up to Mc-
Nears. The run up was made under a
light, breeze on the flood tide and the re
turn on the ebb tide with a good ; breeze
late in the afternoon. /The sloop Queen
though starting later than the Thetis and
Surprise, made her moorings off the club
house considerably ahead of them: The
yechts Rover, Chispa, White Wings and
Tramontana were also under way. •
A meeting will soon be held of the sub
scribers to the fund for building the Chal
lengerr at which sealed bids for her pur
chase will be presented. It is probable
the highest bidder will become the owner
of the cup winner. The • San Francisco
Yacht Club will soon give a reception in
Its Sausalito clubhouse for the purpose of
formally receiving the perpetual challenge
cup from the Corinthians. .
A week agc/Dr. T. L. Hill, while on his
cruise in his newly: acquired sloop Queen
came across two men, in arowboat off
Yellow Bluff. They were being rapidly
carried up the bay by the strong tide. As
they were, In distress, the ; Queen sailed
alongside, and taking the occupants of
the arowboat aboard, landed them at
Sausalito.-
Though no fixed event waa . scheduled
for the San Francisco Yacht Club yester
day, nearly, all the boats of the fleet were
out cruising.
The joint 9th of September committee of
the Native Sons of the Golden West, or
ganized for the proper celebration of the
anniversary of the admission of California
ir.to the Union,* met Saturday night in Na
tive Sons' Hall and was called to order
by. Chairman . O..L. ¦ Blackman. There
were present a majority. ot : , the delegates
from the parlor's of this city and of Ala
meda County. Charles Turner, is ; the vice
chairman, • W. J. Wynne ' secretary, and
John T. Harms treasurer.
.'P. G. Du. Py, chairman of the transport
ation committee, reported that he" had in
terviewed the passenger agent of the Cal
ifornia and Northwestern. Railway who
stated that he would furnish a number of
special trains to Santa Rosa, 'Where the
celebration isTto be held, on Tuesday,
September. 9, and that tickets for the cel
ebration would be honored on the Sunday,
and- Monday, preceding. -.- ,
• The • following committees were ap
pointed:. : ; .. '
.. Advertising— J. M. Handley, • Dr. "W. W."
Jackson,;D.' A. Crawford, O. A. Long Jr.
• Parade— Percy L. Badt," C. M. Janes, D. , L.
Fitzgerald, ? H. O. Tenriy, M.J. O'Donnell. .
. Transportation— P. G.,Du Py. L. J. Fenn,
John Connors. 1 . ':,:¦•:'>
Press— L. C. Pistolesl, " J. R. Mclsaacs, E. E.
Fisher; D. ; J. ' Mahoney. -
. Finance — Lewis P. : Byington, : Henry Lun
8tedt, ; Henry Martin, J. L. Gallagher.
Hotels— W. > ; C Miller, -W. A. . King, \ A.
Mocker, L. Moos'er.'N.- Peterson.
Music — F.-. Mordecal, W. Dodge, R.' D. Bar
ton;; Charles Turner,.— . '
: Printing;— E. P. E. . Troy, J. r B. .Vlzzard, ; C.
F. Rose, . Dan Suiter. "W. J.' Wynn. ¦
¦ Decoration — L/~ GunzenberKer, H.-.C. Glne,;
yv. J. Wilson. W. S. Hynes, B. H. Dean. /
Hesperian Parlor will go to Santa Rosa
with the celebrating parlors. It will have
headquarters at "White' Sulphur Springs.
two;miles from Santa Rosa, Sunday and
Monday -before' the j celebration and will
run a line of free buses to Santa Rosa. '
Native Sons' Joint Committee Names
Its Subcommittees for Sep
' -.' . " teinber 9. 'r-*^:;'. vV/: ''.'<
WILL CELEBRATE
'--V ADMISSION DAY
Fellows.
The general relief committee of the In
pendent Order of 6dd Fellows of San
Francisco, with a number of members of
local , subordinate and Rebekah lodges,
some three hundred and fifty in all, went
to Vallejo yesterday to pay a fraternal
visit to San Pablo Lodge No. 43 and Gol
den. State. Lodge No. 216 of that city
After leaving Washington street wharf
tho steamer St. Helena, on which the
visiting members "of the order took p?ss
age and which, was gayly decorated with
g^ r J a P J ds J >^ red ' white and blue . emblems
of ; Odd. Fellowship and flags, steamed
along the city front. as far as the Union
Iron- Works, then turned anc steamed by
the war ships In the bay, Sausalito and
through the Straits of Carqumez to the
point of destination, which was reached
shortly after noon. The visitors were re
ceived and welcomed by a committee of
1 he two lodges consisting of the - elected
and appointed. officers of the lodges there
and invited them to board the ferryboat
Ellen for a trip to the navy yard * The
party remained for an hour and a half
sightseeing and visiting the. war shins
pn the return to Vallejo all went to the
hall of San Pablo Lodge, where refresh
ments were served. . The"- visitors later
went to. the hall of Golden Sttfte Lodtre
where -an hour, was spent in general con
versation. On the way up the general
committee held its usual Sunday meeting
and paid a number^of sick benefits Durt
ing the trip all on board of the steamer
were served with refreshments. The triD
wr.s an exceedingly pleasant one A M
Brand, T. R. Mann. G. C. Andrews Daviri
Kerr and J. J.' Phillips: were in charged
tee of San Francisco Odd
Outing of the General Relief Commit-
FRATERNAL VISIT PAID
TO THE VALLEJO LODGES
Tennis Experts Meet in
Fast Match on San
Rafael Courts. .
San Francisco Club Men
to Dispose of Their
Racing Graft.
THE CHALLENGER
WILL BE SOLD
which the honors were evenly divided.
The score was 2-6, 6-2, 4-6, 1-6. 7-5, 6-4.
In singles the following matches wero
played: - J. G. Gibson Sr. beat J. G. Gib
son Jr.. 9-7; George N. A'rmsby beat
Ralph Stubbs, 6-4, 3-6, 6-1, 6-0, ,6-1; Herbert
Schmidt. beat George Whipple, G-3, 4-6, 7-5,
6-4; Chester Smith beat Al Kenyon, 6-3,
6-2, 6-1,.- 7-5; J. F. Burnell Deat Whipplc |
6-3, 6-4, 6-2, and Rideout, 6-0,v6-l, 6-1; Daily
beat.W. S. MacGavin. 6-4.
The Alameda Tennis Club will hold a
singles -tournament for > ladles for the
Gutte Cup during the week. Miss Hunter
is the holder and a good match will result
when she meets Mrs. Kincald. . •
bow; Bert Cameron, coxswain.
David Greenleaf and Frank E. Browning
officiated as timers. The judges were W.
G. Hansen, C. H. Smith and W. B. Hinch
man.
Floyd, coxswain. The senior four-oared
barge crew rowed the mile and a half in
10:30. Those "in the crew were F. .W.
Ayers, stroke; Jack Lewis, afterwaist; E.
B. Thorning, forwardwaist; George Lewis,
TWO SINGLE SCULLERS OF ALAMEDA BOAT CLUB WHO MADE
FAST TIME IN TRIAL RACES fESTERDAY OVER- THE . ESTUARY
COURSE,' AND VICE COMMODORE OF OAKLAND CANOE CLUB.
St. Louis Twirler Is Replaced by Sud
hoff and the Opposing Nina
Fails to Score Thereafter.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, June 8. — Chicago won a hard hit
ting contest by superior work on the bases
anl taking full advantage of the visitors'
errors. The butting of Jonea and Green wu
the feature. Attendance. 17,200. Score:
R. H. B.
Chicago '. 1* 19 S
Washington 5 12 8
Butteries^ — Piatt anfl Sullivan; Carrlck,
Townsend and Clark.
ST. -LOUIS, June 8. — Boston knocked Harper
out of the box In the third inning. He waa
replaced by Sudhoff and the visitors failed to
score after that. An error and a two-base hit
allowed the Browns their only run. Attend
ance, 11.000. Score: ;
R. H. B.
St. Louis 1 5 2
Boston 1 12 9
Batteries — Harper, Sudhoff and Donahue;
Young and Criger. ¦
DETROIT. June 8. — Powers* home run driv*
over the left field fence, which also scored
Cross, won the game for Philadelphia to-day.
Four of the five runs scored were home run«
over the left field fence. Attendance, 4000.
Score: •*&m7SOt
R. H. B.
Detroit • 2 9 2
Philadelphia 3 10 2
Batteries — Yeager and McGuire; Plank and
Powers.
DAYTON. Ohio. June S. — The Cleveland-
Baltimore game scheduled for Cleveland to
day was transferred to this city. Hughes of
Baltimore sustained a fracture of the right
arm in the fifth Inning and retired in favor of
Howell. who was invincible, not a hit being
made off him. In the eighth Baltimore began
to hammer Moore a little and succeeded in
batting out a victory. Attendance, 4S0O.
SCOrC: R. H. E.
Cleveland • 2 6 4
Baltimore 8 ' « • • 1
Batteries — Moore and Wood; Hughes. Howell
and Robinson.
E0ST0N BATS HARPER
OUT OF THE PITCHER'S BOX
The members of San Francisco Fly
casting Club will have one of their far
famed dinners next Thursday night. Mat
ters relating to their forthcoming world's
tournament will be discussed.
Two-base hits — Reilly, Anderson, Waddell
McCreedie and Walters. Sacrifice hit — Waddelf
First base on errors — Log Angeles 3, Oakland 2
Left on bases — Los Angeles 8, Oakland 6*
Struck out — By Waddell 8. Time of game—^
One hour and 45 minutes. Umplre-^-O'Connell
SUMMARY.
by the force of the hit and Devereaux
made home. Raymer picked up the ball
in time to retire Dunleavy by a close
margin.
When Reilly went to bat in the same
inning he was presented with a numer
ously signed petition asking him to take
the captaincy once more. Reilly did not
know the contents of the paper that was
presented to him. He responded with' a
double to the center field fence. Dever
eaux's good work kept Reilly at second
while Anderson was being retired at first.
Then Roach scored Reilly with a low liner
over second base. Another run was made
In the fourth and one in the sixth. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
.* AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, e. ¦ 40 1 0 0 3 1
Waddell, p 3 0 1 0 10 O
Raymer, 2b ..4 0 1 0 3 4 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 1 1 0 0 00
Reilly. 3b 4 1 2 0 1 3 0
Andereon. c... 4 1 2 1 7 0 0
Roach, r. f 4 0 10 1 0 1
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Bowman, 1. f 3 00 0 3 0 2
Totals 34 3 0 1 »26 10 ~4
•Ilcdson out, bunted third strike.
OAKLAND^
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
llohler. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 0=-l
Streib. lb 4 0 0 0 6 10
McCrcedle, r. f 40 1 0*. 3 00
Devereaux, s. 8.. 4 1110 4-.!'O
Dunleavy. 3b 4 0 0 03 r C2
Schmidt. 1. f...: 3 0 1 0,112
Gorton. 1. f.. 0 0 0 0 1 0 0
Lohman, c 3 0 0 0 5 1 " 0
Hodson, p. .....3 0 0 0< 0 10
Totals ..33 1 4 1 24 9 ~5
RUNS AND HITS BY" INNINGS.
Los Angeles... '....0 10 10 10 0 x 3
Base hits .1 2 110 2 11 x— 9
Oakland 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0^ 1
Base hits... 0 1 0.0 0 1 1 0 1 i
The race • resolved itself Into a duel be
tween DeMaira of the Bay Cities and
Backrath of Sacramento in the last fur
long of the race. DeMaira won by two
wheel lengths and was carried off in tri
umph on the shoulders of his admiring
clubmates.
Backrath, C. C. W., and DeMaira, B. C.
W. f picked up the tenth and last relay in
the big race. They rode the first mile in
2:40, the second in 2:45, the third In 2:57,
the fourth in 2:59. The last mile of the
race was done in 2:59.
Wheelmen of Sacramento. Time, 2 hours
and 20 minutes, j The contest was for a
silver trophy. It was a clean and snappy
race, though some of the relays . were
slow.
The best mile was by Noyes, C. C. W.,
in 2 minutes 21 seconds. The fastest five
mile relay was ridden by Noyes, C. C. W.,
and Russac, B. C. W., in 12 minutes 16
seconds, Noyes winning handily.
SACRAMENTO, June 8.— In the fifty
mile bicycle relay race ¦ at Agricultural
Park to-day the Bay City Wheelmen qt
San Francisco defeated the Capital City
Defeat the Capital City Team hy Two
Lengths in a Fifty-Mile
Track Race.
BAY CITY WHEELMEN
WIN SACRAMENTO RELAY
D. T. Sullivan, chief engineer; Con Mooney,
ex-asslstant chief engineer; George W. Ken
nard, ex-assistant chief engineer; F. K.
Krauth, chief Alameda Fire Department; Cap
tain J. J. Mahoney, Engine 5; Captain Arthur
W. "Welch, Engine 7; Captain W. E. Ken
nealey. Engine 14; Captain W. F. Horn, En
gine 19; Captain John. Maxwell, Engine 28;
Captain James H.' Dever, Engine 26; Captain
Eugene O'Connor. Engine 32; Captain Henry
Mitchell, Engine 34; Captain W. E. Kelly,
Engine 36; Captain John Leahy, Truck 2; Cap
tain William Schultz. Truck 3; Captain F. K.
Kentzel, Truck 4; Captain' William Carew,
Truck 7; Captain N. W. Matthewson, Chemical
1; Captain J. R. Mitchel, Chemical 2; Captain
James P. Britt,- Chemical 4; Captain W. E.
Galletin, Chemical 5; Captain James Connlff,
Chemical 6; Lieutenant F. H. Kenny, Engine
4; Lieutenant D. T. Harrison, Engine 5; Lieu
tenant Samuel Kennard. Engine 7; Lieutenant
William Gill, Engine 10; Lieutenant William
Nicholson, Engine 17; Lieutenant John Mathe
son. Engine 10; Lieutenant Thomas Collins,
Engine 22; Lieutenant Thomas J. Murphy,
Engine 29; Lieutenant James Walsh, Engine 31;
Lieutenant George Styles. Engine 32; Lieuten
ant Anthony Phelan, Engine 34; Lieutenant
Frank Cummings, Truck 2; Lieutenant Alfred
Davis, Truck 4; Lieutenant W. A. Cook, Chemi
cal 3; Lieutenant John F. Riley, Chemical 5;
Edward Lanigan. "Richard O'Connor, George F.
Maxwell, Darby Laydon.
Some of the notable firemen seen at the
picnic, most of whom acted on the recep
tion committee, were: /
Arrangements-^W. H. "Williams, chairman;
George- W. Kennard, Frank E. Haskell. Hugh
J. Colvln. Richard Cox, Samuel Baker, Thomas
R. Carew. « •- rJ
Floor — Samuel Baker, manager; Richard Cox,
assistant.
Hen Who Have Met Death Face to
Face in Flame Disport
Themselves.
The third annual picnic and excursion
of the Veteran Firemen's Association was
held at Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael,
yesterday, it was in every way a great
success. There were about 1000 people
present. Dancing was the chief amuse
ment. The committees were as follows:
VETERAN FIREMEN HOLD
i PICNIC AT SCHUETZEN
COLLIER WINS
FROM CROWELL
A LAMED A, June 8.— Tryouts to se
lect the scullers and bargemen
who will represent the Alameda
Boat Club in the Fourth of July
rowing regatta on . Lake Merritt
were held to-day on the estuary.
The scullers pulled against time over a
mile and a half course with a turn. De
spite the strong tide and a ship anchored
near the turning stake that made it neces
sary for the rowers to pull nearly five
hundred feet out of their course the time
made was considered good.
In the junior skiff class E. B. Thorning
covered the distance in 11:37. JVC. Stamer
went over the course in 11:54?4- Jack
Lewis made the best time In the senior
skiff class, doing the distance in .11:41. C.
G. Ayers made it in 13:12 3 : 5. Champion
F. W. -Ayers capsized and was disqualified.
Two crews entered in the junior four
oared barge tryout. The winning crew
went over the course in 10:58 3-5. Com
prising this crew were A. C Webb, stroke;
George Schroeder, afterwaist: Joe Levy,
forwardwaist; George Bottschieder. bow;
Bert Cameron, coxswain. In the second
crew were C. J. Hague, stroke; W» Jef
fries, afterwaist; E. J. Fisher, forward-:
waist; George Miller, bow; Bert Cameron,
coxswain. The time made by j the last
crew was 11:32%.
The intermediate four-oared barge crew
pulled over the course in 11 minutes. Those
In the barge were Sidney Pollard, stroke;"
Edward Edwards, afterwaist; C. G. Ayers,
forwardwaist; Roy Pollard, bow;' Charles
The game yesterday afternoon ' was a
dead ringer lor the weather, which was
superb. The crowd was a large one and
heartily enjoyed the fast, snappy playing
which was in vogue from the call of
"Play ball."
The Senators played without a bad mark
on their error column, and. would have
tied up the series had they been able to
push ihe ball around the lot in Keeping
with their fielding.
Nordyke, the old home run favorite,
made the hearts of the fans feel good
-when he -walloped 'the sphere over the
"center garden inclosure, when Whalen
and McHale occupied places on the bags,
• in the third. This gave the Ponies a swell
lead and served to take much of the gin
ger and the activity out of the capital
city tossers.
'ihe surprise of the day came in the
seventh spasm when Jimmie Whalen
punched tne leather to left field for a to
tal of three sacks. It was a pretty hit,
and Jimmy swelled up like a balloon. Mc-
Hale laid down a pretty bunt, and Gra
ham hesitated long enough 'for Bobby to
reach first. Captain Shugart scored both
with a hot drive to center and ended the
local scoring.
Kordyke's two bad errors served to
score Doyle and Hulen in the fifth, with
out the aid of a solitary safe bang. Ea
-ran's single, Glendon's muff of Lawler's
fly and Graham's infield out gave Sacra
mento men their final mark in the closing
volley of trouble.
Unglaub played a splendid game at short,
and Shugart ut second, for the Ponies, had
evervUung that happened to roll in his
direction. Tommy Leahy is slightly injur
ed, and McHale did stunts in the rear of
the bat and performed in exceedingly good
form. The Senators have a husky looking
woodchopper named Wilson, who caught
hold of Lhe stick in Wagner's stead in
the ninth, but could do nothing but a
fancy pose and knock a dinky grounder
to der Whale. The score:
SAN FR"ANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. c 3 2 1 1 2 0 0
Ncrdyke, lb 4 1 1 0 13 1 2
Ehugart. 2b 4 0 10 0 7 0
Ulendon, 1. f 3 0 0 0 5 0 1
Holly, s. s 4 0 10 2 6 1
Reilly, 3b 4 0 10 3' 0 0
Delmas c. f 4 0 2 0 0 0-0
Meredith, r. f 3 0 0 0 10 1
Whalen. p 3 2 2 0 14 0
Totals 32 5 9 1 27 IS 5
SACRAMENTO.
AB: R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle. I. f 4 1113 0 0
Hulen. 2b 3 10 0 13 0
Eheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Kagan. lb 6 1 1 0 14 0 0
Lawler. c. 1 4*010210
Unglaub, s. e 4 0 0 0 2 7:^0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0-1 0 0
"Wagner, r. f 3 0 0 1 1 0. 0
Thomas, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
•.•Wilson 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 34 3 3 2 24 16 0
•Batted for Wagner In ninth inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 1 — 3
Base hits 1 O 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 — 3
San Francisco 0 0 3 0 0 0 2 0 x — 5
Base hits 0 13 10 12 1 x— 9
SUMMARY.
Home run — Nordyke. Three-base hit — Wha
len. Two-base hits — Delmas, Lawler. First
base on errors — Sacramento 4. First base on
called balls— Off Whalen 2, off Thomas 2. Left
on bases — San Francisco 4, Sacramento 5.
Struck out — Uy Whalen 1, by Thomas 1. Double
plays — Whalen to Holly to Nordyke; Hulen to
L'nglaub to Eagan. Passed ball — McHale.
Time of game — One hour and 30 minutes. Um
pire — McDonald.
MORNING GAME.
When the Pony hosts were marshaled
over on Ewing's playground it was dis
covered that they were shy a few men,
j and so Uncle had to use his entire pitch
ing staff in order to put up a fighting
front. McHale went behind the bat and
caught a first-class game.
The feature was the . first victory for
Cutter, the college chap. He pitched gilt
edged ball, barring a little wiidness. He
didn't allow the Ponies to bunch safeties
on him. Kane also performed well, al
lowing but three hits, but they all count
ed. The support he received was unsteady
-at times. The score: .
SACRAMENTO.
AB/ R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
r>oyle. If 5 1 10 3 0 0
Hulen, 2b 4 0 1 0 2 3 O
Cheehan, 3b. 3 0 0 0 2 1 1
£a«an. lb 4 0 0 0 8 2 0
Leulf-r, cf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
rjegiaub, e. b 2 1 0 1 5 41
Hogan. c 4 0 0 0 6 2 0
Wagner, rf 4 O 0 0 0 1 0
Cutter, p 2 110 0 4 0
Total* 32 3 3 1 27 17 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
" McHale. c,- ... 4 0 1 o 5 2 0
Nordyke. lb 2 0 0 0 13 1 o
Holly, b. s 3 0 1 0 2 1 1
Delmas. 2b 4 0 0 0 f. 0 1
• Meredith, cf. 3 1 1 1 o o 1
Glendon. If 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
J. Reilly, 3b 2 0 1 1 1 3 0
Kane. p. 2 0 10 0 6 0
Whalen, rf 2 0 0 0 1 0 •. 0
Totals 20 1 5 2 27 12 3
UUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 3
Base hits 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 S
San Francisco ."...0,-1 0 0 0-0 0 O 0 1
Base hits 1 1 1 20 0 0 0 0 5
SUMMARY.
Two-bate h!t — Meredith. Sacrifice hits
Whalen, Holly. First base on errors—Sacra
mento 2. San Francisco 2. First base on call
«-d . balls — Off Cutter 0. off ICane 5. Left on
bases — Sacramento 7. San Francisco 5. Struck
out— By Cutter 3. by Kane 3. Double plays
Hulen to Ur.glaub to Eagran '1, Cutter to Shee
han to Hulen. Passed balls— McHale, Hcgan
Wild pitch— Kane. Time of game — 1:35. U.t(
pj re — ilcDonald.
•
The series just closed keeps the teams
in the same relative position they have
occupied for the past six weeks. Oak
land still has an enormous lead, while Los
Angeles is second, with the Ponies gallop
ing at a hard pace and liable to arrive at
any old moment. Poor Fisher's lads have
the same old j tale of woe to pass out—
hopelessly lost and bright prospects to be
the rear guard for one leng time.
The Senators managed to Cling to that
piece of good luck which they caught on
the wing Saturday, just long enough to
bring them one victory yesterday. It
fiitted away from their clinging grasp be
fore they could call the second struggle
their exclusive property.
Sacramento won the morning game, 3 to
1, but Uncle butted in at Recreation Park
and was there, 5 to 3. -
Class reserve stake — Pasha Kennels' Regal
Attire beat P. J. Horgan's Partial Eclipse,
6-4; T. Sullivan's Vagrant beat L. J. Hoff
man's Jim Douglas, 7-2; P. C. Bllck's Yellow
Tail beat A. Vanderwhite's Scotch Reel, 7-1;
J. Trade's Belle Rocket, a bye, Aeolus with
drawn; T. Jolley's Toronto beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Aristocrat, 5-4; Chiarini Bros." Sem
pronius beat F. C. Mack's Delia M, 3-2; A. R.
Curtis' Fly by Night beat C. O. Peterson's
Lady Nellie, 13-7; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill
beat W. Creamer's Golden Age, 7-0. '
Second round — Regal Attire beat Vagrant.
3-0; Yellow Tiil beat Belle Rocket, 8-2;
Sempronius beat Toronto, 7-1; Gold Hill beat
Fly by Night, 5-3. -•- i .
Ihird round — Regal Attire beat Yellow Tail,
5-0; Sempronius beat Gold Hill, 12-2.
Deciding course — Regal Attire beat Sem
pronius, 14-2.
Consolation stake — Cascade beat Ruby San
key, 7-6; Sofala beat Motto, 5-1; Flying Fox,
a bye; Vandal beat Prompto, 5-0; Otto, a bye;
Anchor, a bye; Master Rocket beat Tame
Tralee, 10-5; Fenli beat ii;ss Brummel, 3-1.
Second round — Sofala beat Cascade, 8-4; Van-'
dal beat Flying Fox, 3-2; Otto beat Anchor,
6-3; Master Rocket beat Fenii, 5-3.
Third round — Vandal beat Sofala, 6-0; Mas
ter Rocket beat Otto. 5-1.
Deciding course — Vandal beat Master Rocket,
5-0.
stake. I ¦¦,','''¦ '..-.. . . >
He defeated in. turn Otto. Roy Hughie,
Golden Garter, Silver Cloud, and in the
deciding course Game Boy. . . Of these Roy
Hughie was the. only. one. to score against
the dog from the capital city. He made
two points to the winner's four. In the
deciding course the hare took the grey
hounds across the field, Sacramento Boy
leading Game Boy. by five lengths. He
won ultimately by a score of 8 to 0.
The big surprise of this stake was the
defeat of the 1 to 5 favorite. Flying Fox,
by Liberator.
The reserve stake was won by Regal
Attire, which defeated Sempronius in the
all-important deciding course by a score
of 14 to 2. The hare escaped from the
brace of greyhounds. This stake was also
marked by an upset -for the bettors. Vag
rant, at 4 to 1, beating Jim Douglas.
The Consolation stake went to Vandal.
The Cronin entry ran well throughout the
afternoon. In t tils 'stake Flying Fox met
Delia. M in a bye course. He was in
stalled a 1 to 4 choice, but did not justify
the confidence of his backers, losing the
course. The detailed results of the day's
running, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
Special stake — G. Sherman's Sir Pasha beat
J. Carroll's Cascade. 14-11; E. Reddy's Full
Moon beat E. Geary's Ruby Sankey, 6-1; E.
Geary's Fair Oaks beat F. A. McComb's Mot
to, 11-0; E. Geary's Ireland beat R. Attridge's
Sofala, 10-7; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells a bye,
Mose withdrawn; P. Doyle's Liberator beat
A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox. 7-5; J. L. Ross"
Game Boy beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal, 5-0; A.
R. Curtis' Old Ironsides beat P. M. Clarkson's
Prompto, 14-10; E. Geary's Roy Hughie a bye.
Musket withdrawn; D. Walsh's Sacramento
Boy beat F. A. McComb's Otto, 18-0; Pasha
Kennels' May Hemnstead beat A. R. Curtis'
Anchor, 3-1; A. Vanderwhite'a Lear King
beat B. Silva's Master Rocket. 7-5; J. L.
Ross' Fontenoy beat Chiarini Bros,' Tame
Tralee, 4-1 ; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat
P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel S-5; C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud beat E. Geary's Fenii,
5-2.
Second round — Full Moon beat Sir Pasha
9-7; Jintrle Bells beat Fair Oaks, 12-6; Liber
ator beat Ireland, 9-7; Game Boy beat Old
Ironsides, 3-2; Sacramento Boy beat Roy
Hughie, 4-2; Golden Garter beat May Hemo
stead. 4-2; Fontenoy beat Lear King, 4-2; Sil
ver Cloud beat Rural Artist, 3-1.
Third round — Full Moon beat Jingle Bells,
2-0: Game Boy -beat Liberator, 10-9; Sacra
mento Boy beat Golden Garter, 6-0; Silver
Cloud beat Fontenoy, fi-4.
Fourth round — Game Boy beat Full Moon,
8-1: Sacramentto Boy beat Silver Cloud, 5-0.
Deciding course — Sacramento Boy beat Game
Boy, 8-0.
D. Walsh's fast greyhound, Sacramento
Boy, experienced no difficulty at Union
Park yesterday, in annexing the special
Vandal and Regal . Attire
Are Also Returned
Winners.
Ponies and Senators Win
and Lose a Battle
Apiece.
Nordyke Hits the Ball Out
x>f the Lot With, Two
on Bases.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Played. Won. Lost. Pet.
Oakland 50 30 14 .720
Loe Angeles 4'J 26 23 .531
San Francieco 4'J 115 24 .510
Sacramento 50 12 3S .240
Only Two Points Scored
Against the Fast
Greyhound.
SACRAMENTO BOY
WINS CLEVERLY
DIAMOND HONORS
EVENLY DIVIDED
COURSING, ROWING, SHOOTING, BASEBALL, TENNIS AND SUNDRY SPORTS
IN NOVEL EVENT
H. C. Golcher and T. W. Brotherton
had a close race for premier honors In
long-distance flycastlng yesterday in the
competition at Stow Lake. The former
carried off the honors with a cast of 121
feet, to the latter's 120. J. B. Kenniff was
third with an excellent cast of 115 feet.
W. D. Mansfield was best in lure casting
by a fraction of a per cent. The official
table:
Former Fly caster Carries Off tho
Honors With a Cast of 121
Feet.
GOLCHER AND BROTHERTON
MEET IN A CLOSE BACE
The continuous race, an Innovation in
local trapshooting, was introduced at tha
regular monthly blue rock shoot of tha
Golden Gate Gun Club held yesterday at
the Ingleside traps. The race furnished
exciting sport. It is conducted in the fol
lowing manner: The shooters are paired
off and the winner of one pair shoocs
against the winner of another. Ed Dono
hoe had the honor of winning the race,
although Fred Feudner made a gallant
fight for first place. Feudner succeeded
in defeating Nauman, Otto Feudner and
Golcher, all of whom : are expert shots,
but was unable to beat Donohoe. In tha
race each man shot at ten birds In each
set. In the shoot-off with Donohoe Feud
ner was only able to grass six while his
opponent secured eisht.
W. J. Golcher won a gold bar. Silver
bars were, won by Clarence Nauman.
Fred Feudner, Sweeney and Donohoe.
There were but twelve entries in the clui>
event. Fred Feudner, shooting from tha
sixteen-yard mark, made 22, the highest
score. The scores in the club shoot wers:
Nauman (20 yards), 21; Shields (20 yards),
15; Haight (13 yards). 21; Golcher (IS yards).
18; Ed Feudner (18 yards), 16; "Slade" (IS
yards). 11; McConnell (18 yards). 20; O. Feud
ner (IS yards). 21; F. Feudner (IS yards), Z2;
Sweeney (16 yards), 21; Donohoe (ltt yards)
20; Eugene Forster (16 yards), 19.
Back scores — Nauman (IS yar-ds), 21: Dono
hoe (18 yards). 14; McConnell (14 yards), IB:
Shields (14 yards). 20; Haight (16 yards). 20.
First pool event, scores — Haight 24, Shields
17. Forster 16. Sweeney 25, Golcher 24.
Second pool event, scores — Shields 18. White
head 15. -Slade'" 14. Neff 22, Donohoe 19,
Nauman IS.
-. Third pool event, scores — Xauman 12. Mur
dock 11. W. Golcher 9. F. Feudner 7, Haight
11, Shields T. Sweeney 13. -
Continuous race, first set, scores— Nauman
10, Feudner 8, Haight 9. Fred Feudner 10,
Golcher 9, Forster 4. Sweeney 8, Murdock 5,
Shields 9, Donohoe 10. Gordon 9, McConnell r>,
Whitehead 6. E. Forster 8. Mitchell S. "Wands 4.
Second set. scores — Nauman 9. Fred Feudner
10, Golcher 10. Sweeney 10. Donohoe 10, Gor
don 8, E. Forster 6, Miichell S.
Third set, scores — Fred Feudner 9, Golcher T,
Donohoe 8. Mitchell 8.
Final — Fred Feudner 6, Donohoe 8.
Contests of the Golden Gate
Gun Club Furnish
Fine Sport.
Cleverly Wins Contin
uous Race From F.
Feudner.
GOOD SHOOTING
AT SHELL MOUND
ALAMEDA OARSMEN MAKE FAST TIME
IN TRIAL RACES ON THE ESTUARY
Amateurs. Show Clever, Watermanship in Both Barge and Skiff
and Give Promise of Successfully^ Defending Their Title to
Championships at t Independence Day Regatta on Lake Merritt
Organizations Hold Their
Monthly Medal
Contests.
Best BuKsaye of the Day Is
Made by William
Garms.
The attendance at Shell Mound rifle
range yesterday, was unusually large. Tne
day was favorable for shooting and the
scores were much above the average.
William F. Garms, the veteran marks
man, secured new honors by winning the
Norddeutscher Club bullseye shootf The
other organizations which held • regular
monthly medal contests were the uolden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, Independent
Rifles, Naval Militia, Germania Schuetzen
Club and Red Men's Schuetzen Company.
The results of the day's tests follow:
Norddetscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
eye shoot— William F. Garms 163, J. X>. Heise
34S. William Doell 402. J. Uefken 526, F. P.
Schuster 554, O. Lemcke 802, F. C. Rust 905,
L. N. Ritzau and Andrew Mocker 944, Albert
Meyer U93.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot, rlHe, handicap — C. M. Henderson
201, 218; M. F. Blasse 200, 210. 216; W. F.
Blasse 208, 201, 200. Gold medal— G. Tam
meyer 213, 204;* J. F. Bridges 210; W. F.
Blasse 209, 215, 200; J. Kullmann 192. 193; W.
Hmkel 210. 215 221. Silver medal — O. Bremer
215, 207; C. Thode 185. Glindemann trophy —
C. M. Henderson 216; M. F. Blasse 200; W.
F. Blasse 209.
Revolver, handicap — J. E. Gorman 91, 94,
91, S9; L. C. Hinkel 88, 01, 90, 92, 92. 85, 89, S8,
80, t>9; J. R. Trego 80; P. A. Becker 90; G.
W. Hoffman SO. Sliver medal— J. W. Tomp
kins 87, 84, 79. 78. 78.
Pistol, handicap — J. Kullmann 79.
Revolver, rapid fire re-entry match, six shots
in thirty seconds — J. E. Gorman 43, 46, 46, S3,
37. 26; W. G. Hoffmann, 44. 40, 34; P. A.
Becker 32; W. F. Blasse 26; L. C. Hinkel 42;
J. \V> Tompkins 3:£ " -
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot — P.
V. Bither 36, C. Iverson 32, G. Donovan 22,
Corporal P. Schonig 41. Sergeant G. Mitchell
36, M. Barto 38. Sergeant H. Frederickson 25.
Charles Frederickson 32. H. Goetjen Jr. 16,
H. Goetjen 30, J. H. Kuhlke 38, H. Bensen 21.
Sergeant C. Andrews 3tJ; Corporal F. Skowran
30. F. Schohay 38. J. W. Nowdesha 24, Ser
geant C. Peck 2S. H. Reinhardt 38, C. Schmidt
as. B. Hilken 35, W. Tienken 32, Lieutenant
H. Schlichtmann 34. H. Marzolf 36, C. Her
ing 43.
Xaval Militia, monthly medal shoot: First
division— W. J. Lindecker. 27; A. Lambert, 20;
J. Ryan. 37; P. Cashin, 27: W. Kopland. 17;
H. W. Baldwin, 35; C. Back. 25; A. G. Quen
tin, 45; D. Ellis. 11; T. Prendergast, 30. Sec
ond division — Ensign Brophy, 46; H. I* Tow
ers, 45; J. Cattran, 32; A. Mahlstedt, 35; F.
Douglass, 34; C. Bob, 32; G. Hammond, 43; J.
Pinkham. 27; P. Forsuth, 25; C. Perie, 20; F.
R. Sutton, 45; G. Alison. 34; F. Hilderbran. 24;
G. M. Garratt, 32; F. D. Hood. 45; Lieutenant
Commander Harloe, 37; Ordnance Officer G. E.
Kemmerer, 4S; Engineer F. Mehlhop, 46.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot — First champion class. D. B. Faktor, 226;
second champion class, J. F. Bridges, 214; first
class, J. D. Heise. 227; second class, D. Sal
field, 204; third class, J. Beuttler. 192; best first
shot, F. Rust. 24; best last shot, A. Gehret. 24.
Competition shoot — F. E. Mason, 73; F. P.
Schuster. 72; A. Pape. 71; J. D. Heise. 71; A.
Gehret. 70; D. B. Faktor, 71; A. Jungblut, 69.
Trophy shoot — A. Pape. 221; F. E. Mason, 225;
A. Gehret. 223; H. Huber, 216; F. P. Schuster,
215; J. D. Heise. 212.
. Red Men' a Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, William Dress
ier. 401; first class, Henry Soehlmann, 390; sec
ond class, Henry Schult, 390; third class, John
Stelner, 292; fourth class, Lieutenant Henry
Schulz. 271; best first shot. William Dressier,
24; best last shot, B. H. Rulffs, 25.
¦Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
bullseye shoot, prizes were won as follows:
Captain Slebe medal— H. Schult. 2S1: H. Soehl
mann. 745; J. A. Mohr,' 1C05; O. von Borstel,
1064; W. Dressier. 1065.
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, J^JNE 9, l?02.
CONTESTANTS
O > Delicacy. C*
M 5 s ?I ?1 I 3 ;
•9 ffS 3 I 3 -i i,- § g
: : . ~* S p : •»
Brooks
Hnyck
Daverkosen ....
Muller
Brotherton ....
Battu
Young ;
Blade
J. B. Kenniff..
Haight
Turner
Everett
C. R. Kenniff..
Lawrence
Tormey ;.
Keed
Golcher
Mansfield
Heller
Charles
9S 93 S4.4I76.8 S0.9 ....
90 02 81 |70 75. 6 ....
106 8».4 91.4177.6 84.5 ....
88 91 91 75 S3
120 91.8 91.4182.6 S6.ll 84.6
98 S8 180.SJ77.6 79.1 77.1
. 92 93 76.8 84.10
86 77 S2 74.4 78.1
115 92 87.8 S2. 6 85.1 93. 9
81 01.4IS9.4S0 84.8 ....
94.8 SS. 4 78.4 83.4 ....
109 06.4 88.8179.2 83.11
101 S9. 4 84.4174.2 79.3 9G.4
76.4S3.4 74.2 78.7 ...„
84 88 93.3
105 9-5.4 36.4 78.4 82.4 ...„
121 01.8|92.4!S0.10 86.T
91.8I91.SI81.8 86.8 96.9
S7.4i89.4 S0.10S5.1 83.8
85 5U.8|S1.S68.4 |75
CONTESTANTS
O > Delicacy. C*
M 5 s ?I ?1 I 3 ;
•9 ffS 3 I 3 -i i,- § g
: : . ~* S p : •»
Brooks
Hnyck
Daverkosen ....
Muller
Brotherton ....
Battu
Young ;
Blade
J. B. Kenniff..
Haight
Turner
Everett
C. R. Kenniff..
Lawrence
Tormey ;.
Keed
Golcher
Mansfield
Heller
Charles
9S 93 S4.4I76.8 S0.9 ....
90 02 81 |70 75. 6 ....
106 8».4 91.4177.6 84.5 ....
88 91 91 75 S3
120 91.8 91.4182.6 S6.ll 84.6
98 S8 180.SJ77.6 79.1 77.1
. 92 93 76.8 84.10
86 77 S2 74.4 78.1
115 92 87.8 S2. 6 85.1 93. 9
81 01.4IS9.4S0 84.8 ....
94.8 SS. 4 78.4 83.4 ....
109 06.4 88.8179.2 83.11
101 S9. 4 84.4174.2 79.3 9G.4
76.4S3.4 74.2 78.7 ...„
84 88 93.3
105 9-5.4 36.4 78.4 82.4 ...„
121 01.8|92.4!S0.10 86.T
91.8I91.SI81.8 86.8 96.9
S7.4i89.4 S0.10S5.1 83.8
85 5U.8|S1.S68.4 |75The FillDinos have such a mania for
cockfights that they even go to church
Sunday morning with their cocks under
tKl'tS'K pa as t0 l03e no tham * «•<-
Accepts Chair of Chinese Philoloffv.
-BERLIN, June 8.— Professor " Hirth,
holder of the chair of Chinese philology at
the University of Munich, has accepted
the offer of the Chinese chair at Columbia
University; New York, and will begin his
lectures there next October.
The . ship groaned.
, But :the- Giddy Young Thing who was
talklng^to the Captain was, a good sailor
and didn't mind' a bit of rough weather
"Doesn't ¦? it > seem unnecessarily cruel
-Captain," she said,' , "to*. box a compass?'*
. "Not any ; more so, miss.V he replied
grimly, "than to. paddle. a- canoe."
And the ship groaned some more.—Balti
more American.
¦
, . DENVER, June 8.— Malzle Humphrey,
who., was injured in the runaway accident
at Golden in which Edith Williams was
killed and a number of other High School
scholars were injured, died at 9 o'clock
tonight. Her skull .was fractured and her
jaw broken in two places. AH the other
injured are -doing well except Claude
Hannum, who was injured internaJiv. He
Her Injuries Prove Fatal.
MARIPOSA, June 8.— The Democratic
County Convention has nominated the fol
lowing ticket: Superior Judge J. J. Tra
bucco; District Attorney, J. A. Adair;
Sheriff. J. M. Maloney. Delegates to- the
State Convention were instructed to in
dorse C. Farnsworth for Asso
ciate Justice of the Supreme Court. M. C.
Ray for State Senator and E. M. Baxter
for the Assembly.
Mariposa Democrats Name Ticket.
Oakland. scored the run which saved the
club from a coat of whitewash. With
McCreedie out, Devereaux singled to right.
The ball eluded Roach and went to the
fence, the Toreador going to the third
corner. Dunleavy, the - next man up,
drove a hot grounder toward right, which
Rhymer was fortunate to stop. - The
Clever second baseman was spun around
Angels Nearly Shut Out the League
' Leaders in the South. -
LOS ANGELES, June 7.— Waddell's
masterly pitching would have shut out
the league leaders to-day but for Roach's
error in right field.
In the first half of the second inning
WADDELL IN GREAT FORM.
Drops Dead in a Drugstore.
. UKIAH. June 8 —A stranger entered Dr.
W. N. iJoore's drugstore this morning
and stated to tha clerk that he was suf
fering intense pain and wanted something
that would give relief. Then he started
to sit down, but fell to the floor dead.
The ca'use of death was fatty degenera
tion of the heart. Letters found on tha
person of the man showed his name to
be John N. Graham, probably a resident
of Sausalito. He had been up to. John
Days, an Eel River resort. He waa well
dressed and appeared to be about 30 years
old.
The attendance .was rather light on the
California courts and the matches ; for the
most part were not high class,", as few of
the good players were on'hand.A.-Worth
ington and Dr. Noble and W.'.F. Bull and
Joe Daily, figured in a six-set contest, in
Code and Long played good, tennis when
they beat Griffin ; and Aberisse two'set3.
The score was 6-4, 7-5. Brady and Abe
risse beat Long and Griffin, 6-3, 11-9; Lei
lach and Lewis beat Brady >-and Turner,
6-3, 6-1, 6-4;, Turner and Roberts beat Lei
lach and Lewis, 6-3, 2-6; 6-4; George James
and A. White/with odd of "fifteen," beat
C. Dunlap and J.- Brady, 6-2. r .. V
former. The score in Collier's favor was
9-7, 6-4.. The winner seems to play a much
better game in warm weather, while it. is
just the reverse with his, opponent. Frank
Mitchell proved too strong for Sidney
Salisbury and beat him three straight
sets. The score was 6-1, 6-1, 7-5.
Despite the feret that three of the court3
had been recently oiled there was' an ex
tremely large crowd on' the park courts.
In singles Charles ' Dunlap, the park
champion, and James A. Code ¦•furnished
the best match. Dunlap's- swift chop
strokes were too much for his opponent,
whom he beat two straight ' sets. -".The
score was 6-0, 7-5. Other singles matches
resulted, as follows: C. Adams beat
Frank Long. 6-3, 3-6, 6-2; C Griffin beat
Aberisse, 6-1, 6-2,- 6-4; J. F. Brady beatC.
Ross, 6-1, 6-3; Turner, beat McKenna,6-3,
3-6, 6-4; Griffin beat Brady; 8-6; Leilach
beat S. Lewis, 6-1, 6-2, 7-5, and-H. Turner,
6-1, 6-2; Roberts beat Lewis, 7-5; A; -White
beat Haynes, 6-1; Coucherf beat Ambrose,
6-4 6-2; James, beat Couchert, 6-2, 7-0;
Griffin beat Leilach, 6-4.
¦Many good tennis matches were played
yesterday on the San Rafael , and local
courts. Several of the crack players from
the California Club journeyed to San Ra
fael to become accustomed to '.the courts
on which the State championship matches
will be played next month. W. B.'. Collier
and Harold Crowell furnished the best
match, in which the honors went to the
Commodore R. S. Bridgman, in the flag
ship Thetis, Vice Commodore A, C. Lee, in
the sloop' Surprise, and'Dr. T. -L. Hill, in
the sloop Queen, sailed "up to McNears
and anchored there. .Jules Hartman's
sloop Mascotte of the . California Yacht
Club and one of Boatman Crowley's
launches took large parties • up to Mc-
Nears. The run up was made under a
light, breeze on the flood tide and the re
turn on the ebb tide with a good ; breeze
late in the afternoon. /The sloop Queen
though starting later than the Thetis and
Surprise, made her moorings off the club
house considerably ahead of them: The
yechts Rover, Chispa, White Wings and
Tramontana were also under way. •
A meeting will soon be held of the sub
scribers to the fund for building the Chal
lengerr at which sealed bids for her pur
chase will be presented. It is probable
the highest bidder will become the owner
of the cup winner. The • San Francisco
Yacht Club will soon give a reception in
Its Sausalito clubhouse for the purpose of
formally receiving the perpetual challenge
cup from the Corinthians. .
A week agc/Dr. T. L. Hill, while on his
cruise in his newly: acquired sloop Queen
came across two men, in arowboat off
Yellow Bluff. They were being rapidly
carried up the bay by the strong tide. As
they were, In distress, the ; Queen sailed
alongside, and taking the occupants of
the arowboat aboard, landed them at
Sausalito.-
Though no fixed event waa . scheduled
for the San Francisco Yacht Club yester
day, nearly, all the boats of the fleet were
out cruising.
The joint 9th of September committee of
the Native Sons of the Golden West, or
ganized for the proper celebration of the
anniversary of the admission of California
ir.to the Union,* met Saturday night in Na
tive Sons' Hall and was called to order
by. Chairman . O..L. ¦ Blackman. There
were present a majority. ot : , the delegates
from the parlor's of this city and of Ala
meda County. Charles Turner, is ; the vice
chairman, • W. J. Wynne ' secretary, and
John T. Harms treasurer.
.'P. G. Du. Py, chairman of the transport
ation committee, reported that he" had in
terviewed the passenger agent of the Cal
ifornia and Northwestern. Railway who
stated that he would furnish a number of
special trains to Santa Rosa, 'Where the
celebration isTto be held, on Tuesday,
September. 9, and that tickets for the cel
ebration would be honored on the Sunday,
and- Monday, preceding. -.- ,
• The • following committees were ap
pointed:. : ; .. '
.. Advertising— J. M. Handley, • Dr. "W. W."
Jackson,;D.' A. Crawford, O. A. Long Jr.
• Parade— Percy L. Badt," C. M. Janes, D. , L.
Fitzgerald, ? H. O. Tenriy, M.J. O'Donnell. .
. Transportation— P. G.,Du Py. L. J. Fenn,
John Connors. 1 . ':,:¦•:'>
Press— L. C. Pistolesl, " J. R. Mclsaacs, E. E.
Fisher; D. ; J. ' Mahoney. -
. Finance — Lewis P. : Byington, : Henry Lun
8tedt, ; Henry Martin, J. L. Gallagher.
Hotels— W. > ; C Miller, -W. A. . King, \ A.
Mocker, L. Moos'er.'N.- Peterson.
Music — F.-. Mordecal, W. Dodge, R.' D. Bar
ton;; Charles Turner,.— . '
: Printing;— E. P. E. . Troy, J. r B. .Vlzzard, ; C.
F. Rose, . Dan Suiter. "W. J.' Wynn. ¦
¦ Decoration — L/~ GunzenberKer, H.-.C. Glne,;
yv. J. Wilson. W. S. Hynes, B. H. Dean. /
Hesperian Parlor will go to Santa Rosa
with the celebrating parlors. It will have
headquarters at "White' Sulphur Springs.
two;miles from Santa Rosa, Sunday and
Monday -before' the j celebration and will
run a line of free buses to Santa Rosa. '
Native Sons' Joint Committee Names
Its Subcommittees for Sep
' -.' . " teinber 9. 'r-*^:;'. vV/: ''.'<
WILL CELEBRATE
'--V ADMISSION DAY
Fellows.
The general relief committee of the In
pendent Order of 6dd Fellows of San
Francisco, with a number of members of
local , subordinate and Rebekah lodges,
some three hundred and fifty in all, went
to Vallejo yesterday to pay a fraternal
visit to San Pablo Lodge No. 43 and Gol
den. State. Lodge No. 216 of that city
After leaving Washington street wharf
tho steamer St. Helena, on which the
visiting members "of the order took p?ss
age and which, was gayly decorated with
g^ r J a P J ds J >^ red ' white and blue . emblems
of ; Odd. Fellowship and flags, steamed
along the city front. as far as the Union
Iron- Works, then turned anc steamed by
the war ships In the bay, Sausalito and
through the Straits of Carqumez to the
point of destination, which was reached
shortly after noon. The visitors were re
ceived and welcomed by a committee of
1 he two lodges consisting of the - elected
and appointed. officers of the lodges there
and invited them to board the ferryboat
Ellen for a trip to the navy yard * The
party remained for an hour and a half
sightseeing and visiting the. war shins
pn the return to Vallejo all went to the
hall of San Pablo Lodge, where refresh
ments were served. . The"- visitors later
went to. the hall of Golden Sttfte Lodtre
where -an hour, was spent in general con
versation. On the way up the general
committee held its usual Sunday meeting
and paid a number^of sick benefits Durt
ing the trip all on board of the steamer
were served with refreshments. The triD
wr.s an exceedingly pleasant one A M
Brand, T. R. Mann. G. C. Andrews Daviri
Kerr and J. J.' Phillips: were in charged
tee of San Francisco Odd
Outing of the General Relief Commit-
FRATERNAL VISIT PAID
TO THE VALLEJO LODGES
Tennis Experts Meet in
Fast Match on San
Rafael Courts. .
San Francisco Club Men
to Dispose of Their
Racing Graft.
THE CHALLENGER
WILL BE SOLD
which the honors were evenly divided.
The score was 2-6, 6-2, 4-6, 1-6. 7-5, 6-4.
In singles the following matches wero
played: - J. G. Gibson Sr. beat J. G. Gib
son Jr.. 9-7; George N. A'rmsby beat
Ralph Stubbs, 6-4, 3-6, 6-1, 6-0, ,6-1; Herbert
Schmidt. beat George Whipple, G-3, 4-6, 7-5,
6-4; Chester Smith beat Al Kenyon, 6-3,
6-2, 6-1,.- 7-5; J. F. Burnell Deat Whipplc |
6-3, 6-4, 6-2, and Rideout, 6-0,v6-l, 6-1; Daily
beat.W. S. MacGavin. 6-4.
The Alameda Tennis Club will hold a
singles -tournament for > ladles for the
Gutte Cup during the week. Miss Hunter
is the holder and a good match will result
when she meets Mrs. Kincald. . •
bow; Bert Cameron, coxswain.
David Greenleaf and Frank E. Browning
officiated as timers. The judges were W.
G. Hansen, C. H. Smith and W. B. Hinch
man.
Floyd, coxswain. The senior four-oared
barge crew rowed the mile and a half in
10:30. Those "in the crew were F. .W.
Ayers, stroke; Jack Lewis, afterwaist; E.
B. Thorning, forwardwaist; George Lewis,
TWO SINGLE SCULLERS OF ALAMEDA BOAT CLUB WHO MADE
FAST TIME IN TRIAL RACES fESTERDAY OVER- THE . ESTUARY
COURSE,' AND VICE COMMODORE OF OAKLAND CANOE CLUB.
St. Louis Twirler Is Replaced by Sud
hoff and the Opposing Nina
Fails to Score Thereafter.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, June 8. — Chicago won a hard hit
ting contest by superior work on the bases
anl taking full advantage of the visitors'
errors. The butting of Jonea and Green wu
the feature. Attendance. 17,200. Score:
R. H. B.
Chicago '. 1* 19 S
Washington 5 12 8
Butteries^ — Piatt anfl Sullivan; Carrlck,
Townsend and Clark.
ST. -LOUIS, June 8. — Boston knocked Harper
out of the box In the third inning. He waa
replaced by Sudhoff and the visitors failed to
score after that. An error and a two-base hit
allowed the Browns their only run. Attend
ance, 11.000. Score: ;
R. H. B.
St. Louis 1 5 2
Boston 1 12 9
Batteries — Harper, Sudhoff and Donahue;
Young and Criger. ¦
DETROIT. June 8. — Powers* home run driv*
over the left field fence, which also scored
Cross, won the game for Philadelphia to-day.
Four of the five runs scored were home run«
over the left field fence. Attendance, 4000.
Score: •*&m7SOt
R. H. B.
Detroit • 2 9 2
Philadelphia 3 10 2
Batteries — Yeager and McGuire; Plank and
Powers.
DAYTON. Ohio. June S. — The Cleveland-
Baltimore game scheduled for Cleveland to
day was transferred to this city. Hughes of
Baltimore sustained a fracture of the right
arm in the fifth Inning and retired in favor of
Howell. who was invincible, not a hit being
made off him. In the eighth Baltimore began
to hammer Moore a little and succeeded in
batting out a victory. Attendance, 4S0O.
SCOrC: R. H. E.
Cleveland • 2 6 4
Baltimore 8 ' « • • 1
Batteries — Moore and Wood; Hughes. Howell
and Robinson.
E0ST0N BATS HARPER
OUT OF THE PITCHER'S BOX
The members of San Francisco Fly
casting Club will have one of their far
famed dinners next Thursday night. Mat
ters relating to their forthcoming world's
tournament will be discussed.
Two-base hits — Reilly, Anderson, Waddell
McCreedie and Walters. Sacrifice hit — Waddelf
First base on errors — Log Angeles 3, Oakland 2
Left on bases — Los Angeles 8, Oakland 6*
Struck out — By Waddell 8. Time of game—^
One hour and 45 minutes. Umplre-^-O'Connell
SUMMARY.
by the force of the hit and Devereaux
made home. Raymer picked up the ball
in time to retire Dunleavy by a close
margin.
When Reilly went to bat in the same
inning he was presented with a numer
ously signed petition asking him to take
the captaincy once more. Reilly did not
know the contents of the paper that was
presented to him. He responded with' a
double to the center field fence. Dever
eaux's good work kept Reilly at second
while Anderson was being retired at first.
Then Roach scored Reilly with a low liner
over second base. Another run was made
In the fourth and one in the sixth. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
.* AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, e. ¦ 40 1 0 0 3 1
Waddell, p 3 0 1 0 10 O
Raymer, 2b ..4 0 1 0 3 4 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 1 1 0 0 00
Reilly. 3b 4 1 2 0 1 3 0
Andereon. c... 4 1 2 1 7 0 0
Roach, r. f 4 0 10 1 0 1
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Bowman, 1. f 3 00 0 3 0 2
Totals 34 3 0 1 »26 10 ~4
•Ilcdson out, bunted third strike.
OAKLAND^
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
llohler. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 0=-l
Streib. lb 4 0 0 0 6 10
McCrcedle, r. f 40 1 0*. 3 00
Devereaux, s. 8.. 4 1110 4-.!'O
Dunleavy. 3b 4 0 0 03 r C2
Schmidt. 1. f...: 3 0 1 0,112
Gorton. 1. f.. 0 0 0 0 1 0 0
Lohman, c 3 0 0 0 5 1 " 0
Hodson, p. .....3 0 0 0< 0 10
Totals ..33 1 4 1 24 9 ~5
RUNS AND HITS BY" INNINGS.
Los Angeles... '....0 10 10 10 0 x 3
Base hits .1 2 110 2 11 x— 9
Oakland 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0^ 1
Base hits... 0 1 0.0 0 1 1 0 1 i
The race • resolved itself Into a duel be
tween DeMaira of the Bay Cities and
Backrath of Sacramento in the last fur
long of the race. DeMaira won by two
wheel lengths and was carried off in tri
umph on the shoulders of his admiring
clubmates.
Backrath, C. C. W., and DeMaira, B. C.
W. f picked up the tenth and last relay in
the big race. They rode the first mile in
2:40, the second in 2:45, the third In 2:57,
the fourth in 2:59. The last mile of the
race was done in 2:59.
Wheelmen of Sacramento. Time, 2 hours
and 20 minutes, j The contest was for a
silver trophy. It was a clean and snappy
race, though some of the relays . were
slow.
The best mile was by Noyes, C. C. W.,
in 2 minutes 21 seconds. The fastest five
mile relay was ridden by Noyes, C. C. W.,
and Russac, B. C. W., in 12 minutes 16
seconds, Noyes winning handily.
SACRAMENTO, June 8.— In the fifty
mile bicycle relay race ¦ at Agricultural
Park to-day the Bay City Wheelmen qt
San Francisco defeated the Capital City
Defeat the Capital City Team hy Two
Lengths in a Fifty-Mile
Track Race.
BAY CITY WHEELMEN
WIN SACRAMENTO RELAY
D. T. Sullivan, chief engineer; Con Mooney,
ex-asslstant chief engineer; George W. Ken
nard, ex-assistant chief engineer; F. K.
Krauth, chief Alameda Fire Department; Cap
tain J. J. Mahoney, Engine 5; Captain Arthur
W. "Welch, Engine 7; Captain W. E. Ken
nealey. Engine 14; Captain W. F. Horn, En
gine 19; Captain John. Maxwell, Engine 28;
Captain James H.' Dever, Engine 26; Captain
Eugene O'Connor. Engine 32; Captain Henry
Mitchell, Engine 34; Captain W. E. Kelly,
Engine 36; Captain John Leahy, Truck 2; Cap
tain William Schultz. Truck 3; Captain F. K.
Kentzel, Truck 4; Captain' William Carew,
Truck 7; Captain N. W. Matthewson, Chemical
1; Captain J. R. Mitchel, Chemical 2; Captain
James P. Britt,- Chemical 4; Captain W. E.
Galletin, Chemical 5; Captain James Connlff,
Chemical 6; Lieutenant F. H. Kenny, Engine
4; Lieutenant D. T. Harrison, Engine 5; Lieu
tenant Samuel Kennard. Engine 7; Lieutenant
William Gill, Engine 10; Lieutenant William
Nicholson, Engine 17; Lieutenant John Mathe
son. Engine 10; Lieutenant Thomas Collins,
Engine 22; Lieutenant Thomas J. Murphy,
Engine 29; Lieutenant James Walsh, Engine 31;
Lieutenant George Styles. Engine 32; Lieuten
ant Anthony Phelan, Engine 34; Lieutenant
Frank Cummings, Truck 2; Lieutenant Alfred
Davis, Truck 4; Lieutenant W. A. Cook, Chemi
cal 3; Lieutenant John F. Riley, Chemical 5;
Edward Lanigan. "Richard O'Connor, George F.
Maxwell, Darby Laydon.
Some of the notable firemen seen at the
picnic, most of whom acted on the recep
tion committee, were: /
Arrangements-^W. H. "Williams, chairman;
George- W. Kennard, Frank E. Haskell. Hugh
J. Colvln. Richard Cox, Samuel Baker, Thomas
R. Carew. « •- rJ
Floor — Samuel Baker, manager; Richard Cox,
assistant.
Hen Who Have Met Death Face to
Face in Flame Disport
Themselves.
The third annual picnic and excursion
of the Veteran Firemen's Association was
held at Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael,
yesterday, it was in every way a great
success. There were about 1000 people
present. Dancing was the chief amuse
ment. The committees were as follows:
VETERAN FIREMEN HOLD
i PICNIC AT SCHUETZEN
COLLIER WINS
FROM CROWELL
A LAMED A, June 8.— Tryouts to se
lect the scullers and bargemen
who will represent the Alameda
Boat Club in the Fourth of July
rowing regatta on . Lake Merritt
were held to-day on the estuary.
The scullers pulled against time over a
mile and a half course with a turn. De
spite the strong tide and a ship anchored
near the turning stake that made it neces
sary for the rowers to pull nearly five
hundred feet out of their course the time
made was considered good.
In the junior skiff class E. B. Thorning
covered the distance in 11:37. JVC. Stamer
went over the course in 11:54?4- Jack
Lewis made the best time In the senior
skiff class, doing the distance in .11:41. C.
G. Ayers made it in 13:12 3 : 5. Champion
F. W. -Ayers capsized and was disqualified.
Two crews entered in the junior four
oared barge tryout. The winning crew
went over the course in 10:58 3-5. Com
prising this crew were A. C Webb, stroke;
George Schroeder, afterwaist: Joe Levy,
forwardwaist; George Bottschieder. bow;
Bert Cameron, coxswain. In the second
crew were C. J. Hague, stroke; W» Jef
fries, afterwaist; E. J. Fisher, forward-:
waist; George Miller, bow; Bert Cameron,
coxswain. The time made by j the last
crew was 11:32%.
The intermediate four-oared barge crew
pulled over the course in 11 minutes. Those
In the barge were Sidney Pollard, stroke;"
Edward Edwards, afterwaist; C. G. Ayers,
forwardwaist; Roy Pollard, bow;' Charles
The game yesterday afternoon ' was a
dead ringer lor the weather, which was
superb. The crowd was a large one and
heartily enjoyed the fast, snappy playing
which was in vogue from the call of
"Play ball."
The Senators played without a bad mark
on their error column, and. would have
tied up the series had they been able to
push ihe ball around the lot in Keeping
with their fielding.
Nordyke, the old home run favorite,
made the hearts of the fans feel good
-when he -walloped 'the sphere over the
"center garden inclosure, when Whalen
and McHale occupied places on the bags,
• in the third. This gave the Ponies a swell
lead and served to take much of the gin
ger and the activity out of the capital
city tossers.
'ihe surprise of the day came in the
seventh spasm when Jimmie Whalen
punched tne leather to left field for a to
tal of three sacks. It was a pretty hit,
and Jimmy swelled up like a balloon. Mc-
Hale laid down a pretty bunt, and Gra
ham hesitated long enough 'for Bobby to
reach first. Captain Shugart scored both
with a hot drive to center and ended the
local scoring.
Kordyke's two bad errors served to
score Doyle and Hulen in the fifth, with
out the aid of a solitary safe bang. Ea
-ran's single, Glendon's muff of Lawler's
fly and Graham's infield out gave Sacra
mento men their final mark in the closing
volley of trouble.
Unglaub played a splendid game at short,
and Shugart ut second, for the Ponies, had
evervUung that happened to roll in his
direction. Tommy Leahy is slightly injur
ed, and McHale did stunts in the rear of
the bat and performed in exceedingly good
form. The Senators have a husky looking
woodchopper named Wilson, who caught
hold of Lhe stick in Wagner's stead in
the ninth, but could do nothing but a
fancy pose and knock a dinky grounder
to der Whale. The score:
SAN FR"ANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. c 3 2 1 1 2 0 0
Ncrdyke, lb 4 1 1 0 13 1 2
Ehugart. 2b 4 0 10 0 7 0
Ulendon, 1. f 3 0 0 0 5 0 1
Holly, s. s 4 0 10 2 6 1
Reilly, 3b 4 0 10 3' 0 0
Delmas c. f 4 0 2 0 0 0-0
Meredith, r. f 3 0 0 0 10 1
Whalen. p 3 2 2 0 14 0
Totals 32 5 9 1 27 IS 5
SACRAMENTO.
AB: R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle. I. f 4 1113 0 0
Hulen. 2b 3 10 0 13 0
Eheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Kagan. lb 6 1 1 0 14 0 0
Lawler. c. 1 4*010210
Unglaub, s. e 4 0 0 0 2 7:^0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0-1 0 0
"Wagner, r. f 3 0 0 1 1 0. 0
Thomas, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
•.•Wilson 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 34 3 3 2 24 16 0
•Batted for Wagner In ninth inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 1 — 3
Base hits 1 O 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 — 3
San Francisco 0 0 3 0 0 0 2 0 x — 5
Base hits 0 13 10 12 1 x— 9
SUMMARY.
Home run — Nordyke. Three-base hit — Wha
len. Two-base hits — Delmas, Lawler. First
base on errors — Sacramento 4. First base on
called balls— Off Whalen 2, off Thomas 2. Left
on bases — San Francisco 4, Sacramento 5.
Struck out — Uy Whalen 1, by Thomas 1. Double
plays — Whalen to Holly to Nordyke; Hulen to
L'nglaub to Eagan. Passed ball — McHale.
Time of game — One hour and 30 minutes. Um
pire — McDonald.
MORNING GAME.
When the Pony hosts were marshaled
over on Ewing's playground it was dis
covered that they were shy a few men,
j and so Uncle had to use his entire pitch
ing staff in order to put up a fighting
front. McHale went behind the bat and
caught a first-class game.
The feature was the . first victory for
Cutter, the college chap. He pitched gilt
edged ball, barring a little wiidness. He
didn't allow the Ponies to bunch safeties
on him. Kane also performed well, al
lowing but three hits, but they all count
ed. The support he received was unsteady
-at times. The score: .
SACRAMENTO.
AB/ R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
r>oyle. If 5 1 10 3 0 0
Hulen, 2b 4 0 1 0 2 3 O
Cheehan, 3b. 3 0 0 0 2 1 1
£a«an. lb 4 0 0 0 8 2 0
Leulf-r, cf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
rjegiaub, e. b 2 1 0 1 5 41
Hogan. c 4 0 0 0 6 2 0
Wagner, rf 4 O 0 0 0 1 0
Cutter, p 2 110 0 4 0
Total* 32 3 3 1 27 17 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
" McHale. c,- ... 4 0 1 o 5 2 0
Nordyke. lb 2 0 0 0 13 1 o
Holly, b. s 3 0 1 0 2 1 1
Delmas. 2b 4 0 0 0 f. 0 1
• Meredith, cf. 3 1 1 1 o o 1
Glendon. If 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
J. Reilly, 3b 2 0 1 1 1 3 0
Kane. p. 2 0 10 0 6 0
Whalen, rf 2 0 0 0 1 0 •. 0
Totals 20 1 5 2 27 12 3
UUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 3
Base hits 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 S
San Francisco ."...0,-1 0 0 0-0 0 O 0 1
Base hits 1 1 1 20 0 0 0 0 5
SUMMARY.
Two-bate h!t — Meredith. Sacrifice hits
Whalen, Holly. First base on errors—Sacra
mento 2. San Francisco 2. First base on call
«-d . balls — Off Cutter 0. off ICane 5. Left on
bases — Sacramento 7. San Francisco 5. Struck
out— By Cutter 3. by Kane 3. Double plays
Hulen to Ur.glaub to Eagran '1, Cutter to Shee
han to Hulen. Passed balls— McHale, Hcgan
Wild pitch— Kane. Time of game — 1:35. U.t(
pj re — ilcDonald.
•
The series just closed keeps the teams
in the same relative position they have
occupied for the past six weeks. Oak
land still has an enormous lead, while Los
Angeles is second, with the Ponies gallop
ing at a hard pace and liable to arrive at
any old moment. Poor Fisher's lads have
the same old j tale of woe to pass out—
hopelessly lost and bright prospects to be
the rear guard for one leng time.
The Senators managed to Cling to that
piece of good luck which they caught on
the wing Saturday, just long enough to
bring them one victory yesterday. It
fiitted away from their clinging grasp be
fore they could call the second struggle
their exclusive property.
Sacramento won the morning game, 3 to
1, but Uncle butted in at Recreation Park
and was there, 5 to 3. -
Class reserve stake — Pasha Kennels' Regal
Attire beat P. J. Horgan's Partial Eclipse,
6-4; T. Sullivan's Vagrant beat L. J. Hoff
man's Jim Douglas, 7-2; P. C. Bllck's Yellow
Tail beat A. Vanderwhite's Scotch Reel, 7-1;
J. Trade's Belle Rocket, a bye, Aeolus with
drawn; T. Jolley's Toronto beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Aristocrat, 5-4; Chiarini Bros." Sem
pronius beat F. C. Mack's Delia M, 3-2; A. R.
Curtis' Fly by Night beat C. O. Peterson's
Lady Nellie, 13-7; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill
beat W. Creamer's Golden Age, 7-0. '
Second round — Regal Attire beat Vagrant.
3-0; Yellow Tiil beat Belle Rocket, 8-2;
Sempronius beat Toronto, 7-1; Gold Hill beat
Fly by Night, 5-3. -•- i .
Ihird round — Regal Attire beat Yellow Tail,
5-0; Sempronius beat Gold Hill, 12-2.
Deciding course — Regal Attire beat Sem
pronius, 14-2.
Consolation stake — Cascade beat Ruby San
key, 7-6; Sofala beat Motto, 5-1; Flying Fox,
a bye; Vandal beat Prompto, 5-0; Otto, a bye;
Anchor, a bye; Master Rocket beat Tame
Tralee, 10-5; Fenli beat ii;ss Brummel, 3-1.
Second round — Sofala beat Cascade, 8-4; Van-'
dal beat Flying Fox, 3-2; Otto beat Anchor,
6-3; Master Rocket beat Fenii, 5-3.
Third round — Vandal beat Sofala, 6-0; Mas
ter Rocket beat Otto. 5-1.
Deciding course — Vandal beat Master Rocket,
5-0.
stake. I ¦¦,','''¦ '..-.. . . >
He defeated in. turn Otto. Roy Hughie,
Golden Garter, Silver Cloud, and in the
deciding course Game Boy. . . Of these Roy
Hughie was the. only. one. to score against
the dog from the capital city. He made
two points to the winner's four. In the
deciding course the hare took the grey
hounds across the field, Sacramento Boy
leading Game Boy. by five lengths. He
won ultimately by a score of 8 to 0.
The big surprise of this stake was the
defeat of the 1 to 5 favorite. Flying Fox,
by Liberator.
The reserve stake was won by Regal
Attire, which defeated Sempronius in the
all-important deciding course by a score
of 14 to 2. The hare escaped from the
brace of greyhounds. This stake was also
marked by an upset -for the bettors. Vag
rant, at 4 to 1, beating Jim Douglas.
The Consolation stake went to Vandal.
The Cronin entry ran well throughout the
afternoon. In t tils 'stake Flying Fox met
Delia. M in a bye course. He was in
stalled a 1 to 4 choice, but did not justify
the confidence of his backers, losing the
course. The detailed results of the day's
running, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
Special stake — G. Sherman's Sir Pasha beat
J. Carroll's Cascade. 14-11; E. Reddy's Full
Moon beat E. Geary's Ruby Sankey, 6-1; E.
Geary's Fair Oaks beat F. A. McComb's Mot
to, 11-0; E. Geary's Ireland beat R. Attridge's
Sofala, 10-7; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells a bye,
Mose withdrawn; P. Doyle's Liberator beat
A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox. 7-5; J. L. Ross"
Game Boy beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal, 5-0; A.
R. Curtis' Old Ironsides beat P. M. Clarkson's
Prompto, 14-10; E. Geary's Roy Hughie a bye.
Musket withdrawn; D. Walsh's Sacramento
Boy beat F. A. McComb's Otto, 18-0; Pasha
Kennels' May Hemnstead beat A. R. Curtis'
Anchor, 3-1; A. Vanderwhite'a Lear King
beat B. Silva's Master Rocket. 7-5; J. L.
Ross' Fontenoy beat Chiarini Bros,' Tame
Tralee, 4-1 ; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat
P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel S-5; C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud beat E. Geary's Fenii,
5-2.
Second round — Full Moon beat Sir Pasha
9-7; Jintrle Bells beat Fair Oaks, 12-6; Liber
ator beat Ireland, 9-7; Game Boy beat Old
Ironsides, 3-2; Sacramento Boy beat Roy
Hughie, 4-2; Golden Garter beat May Hemo
stead. 4-2; Fontenoy beat Lear King, 4-2; Sil
ver Cloud beat Rural Artist, 3-1.
Third round — Full Moon beat Jingle Bells,
2-0: Game Boy -beat Liberator, 10-9; Sacra
mento Boy beat Golden Garter, 6-0; Silver
Cloud beat Fontenoy, fi-4.
Fourth round — Game Boy beat Full Moon,
8-1: Sacramentto Boy beat Silver Cloud, 5-0.
Deciding course — Sacramento Boy beat Game
Boy, 8-0.
D. Walsh's fast greyhound, Sacramento
Boy, experienced no difficulty at Union
Park yesterday, in annexing the special
Vandal and Regal . Attire
Are Also Returned
Winners.
Ponies and Senators Win
and Lose a Battle
Apiece.
Nordyke Hits the Ball Out
x>f the Lot With, Two
on Bases.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Played. Won. Lost. Pet.
Oakland 50 30 14 .720
Loe Angeles 4'J 26 23 .531
San Francieco 4'J 115 24 .510
Sacramento 50 12 3S .240
Only Two Points Scored
Against the Fast
Greyhound.
SACRAMENTO BOY
WINS CLEVERLY
DIAMOND HONORS
EVENLY DIVIDED
COURSING, ROWING, SHOOTING, BASEBALL, TENNIS AND SUNDRY SPORTS
IN NOVEL EVENT
H. C. Golcher and T. W. Brotherton
had a close race for premier honors In
long-distance flycastlng yesterday in the
competition at Stow Lake. The former
carried off the honors with a cast of 121
feet, to the latter's 120. J. B. Kenniff was
third with an excellent cast of 115 feet.
W. D. Mansfield was best in lure casting
by a fraction of a per cent. The official
table:
Former Fly caster Carries Off tho
Honors With a Cast of 121
Feet.
GOLCHER AND BROTHERTON
MEET IN A CLOSE BACE
The continuous race, an Innovation in
local trapshooting, was introduced at tha
regular monthly blue rock shoot of tha
Golden Gate Gun Club held yesterday at
the Ingleside traps. The race furnished
exciting sport. It is conducted in the fol
lowing manner: The shooters are paired
off and the winner of one pair shoocs
against the winner of another. Ed Dono
hoe had the honor of winning the race,
although Fred Feudner made a gallant
fight for first place. Feudner succeeded
in defeating Nauman, Otto Feudner and
Golcher, all of whom : are expert shots,
but was unable to beat Donohoe. In tha
race each man shot at ten birds In each
set. In the shoot-off with Donohoe Feud
ner was only able to grass six while his
opponent secured eisht.
W. J. Golcher won a gold bar. Silver
bars were, won by Clarence Nauman.
Fred Feudner, Sweeney and Donohoe.
There were but twelve entries in the clui>
event. Fred Feudner, shooting from tha
sixteen-yard mark, made 22, the highest
score. The scores in the club shoot wers:
Nauman (20 yards), 21; Shields (20 yards),
15; Haight (13 yards). 21; Golcher (IS yards).
18; Ed Feudner (18 yards), 16; "Slade" (IS
yards). 11; McConnell (18 yards). 20; O. Feud
ner (IS yards). 21; F. Feudner (IS yards), Z2;
Sweeney (16 yards), 21; Donohoe (ltt yards)
20; Eugene Forster (16 yards), 19.
Back scores — Nauman (IS yar-ds), 21: Dono
hoe (18 yards). 14; McConnell (14 yards), IB:
Shields (14 yards). 20; Haight (16 yards). 20.
First pool event, scores — Haight 24, Shields
17. Forster 16. Sweeney 25, Golcher 24.
Second pool event, scores — Shields 18. White
head 15. -Slade'" 14. Neff 22, Donohoe 19,
Nauman IS.
-. Third pool event, scores — Xauman 12. Mur
dock 11. W. Golcher 9. F. Feudner 7, Haight
11, Shields T. Sweeney 13. -
Continuous race, first set, scores— Nauman
10, Feudner 8, Haight 9. Fred Feudner 10,
Golcher 9, Forster 4. Sweeney 8, Murdock 5,
Shields 9, Donohoe 10. Gordon 9, McConnell r>,
Whitehead 6. E. Forster 8. Mitchell S. "Wands 4.
Second set. scores — Nauman 9. Fred Feudner
10, Golcher 10. Sweeney 10. Donohoe 10, Gor
don 8, E. Forster 6, Miichell S.
Third set, scores — Fred Feudner 9, Golcher T,
Donohoe 8. Mitchell 8.
Final — Fred Feudner 6, Donohoe 8.
Contests of the Golden Gate
Gun Club Furnish
Fine Sport.
Cleverly Wins Contin
uous Race From F.
Feudner.
GOOD SHOOTING
AT SHELL MOUND
ALAMEDA OARSMEN MAKE FAST TIME
IN TRIAL RACES ON THE ESTUARY
Amateurs. Show Clever, Watermanship in Both Barge and Skiff
and Give Promise of Successfully^ Defending Their Title to
Championships at t Independence Day Regatta on Lake Merritt
Organizations Hold Their
Monthly Medal
Contests.
Best BuKsaye of the Day Is
Made by William
Garms.
The attendance at Shell Mound rifle
range yesterday, was unusually large. Tne
day was favorable for shooting and the
scores were much above the average.
William F. Garms, the veteran marks
man, secured new honors by winning the
Norddeutscher Club bullseye shootf The
other organizations which held • regular
monthly medal contests were the uolden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, Independent
Rifles, Naval Militia, Germania Schuetzen
Club and Red Men's Schuetzen Company.
The results of the day's tests follow:
Norddetscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
eye shoot— William F. Garms 163, J. X>. Heise
34S. William Doell 402. J. Uefken 526, F. P.
Schuster 554, O. Lemcke 802, F. C. Rust 905,
L. N. Ritzau and Andrew Mocker 944, Albert
Meyer U93.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot, rlHe, handicap — C. M. Henderson
201, 218; M. F. Blasse 200, 210. 216; W. F.
Blasse 208, 201, 200. Gold medal— G. Tam
meyer 213, 204;* J. F. Bridges 210; W. F.
Blasse 209, 215, 200; J. Kullmann 192. 193; W.
Hmkel 210. 215 221. Silver medal — O. Bremer
215, 207; C. Thode 185. Glindemann trophy —
C. M. Henderson 216; M. F. Blasse 200; W.
F. Blasse 209.
Revolver, handicap — J. E. Gorman 91, 94,
91, S9; L. C. Hinkel 88, 01, 90, 92, 92. 85, 89, S8,
80, t>9; J. R. Trego 80; P. A. Becker 90; G.
W. Hoffman SO. Sliver medal— J. W. Tomp
kins 87, 84, 79. 78. 78.
Pistol, handicap — J. Kullmann 79.
Revolver, rapid fire re-entry match, six shots
in thirty seconds — J. E. Gorman 43, 46, 46, S3,
37. 26; W. G. Hoffmann, 44. 40, 34; P. A.
Becker 32; W. F. Blasse 26; L. C. Hinkel 42;
J. \V> Tompkins 3:£ " -
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot — P.
V. Bither 36, C. Iverson 32, G. Donovan 22,
Corporal P. Schonig 41. Sergeant G. Mitchell
36, M. Barto 38. Sergeant H. Frederickson 25.
Charles Frederickson 32. H. Goetjen Jr. 16,
H. Goetjen 30, J. H. Kuhlke 38, H. Bensen 21.
Sergeant C. Andrews 3tJ; Corporal F. Skowran
30. F. Schohay 38. J. W. Nowdesha 24, Ser
geant C. Peck 2S. H. Reinhardt 38, C. Schmidt
as. B. Hilken 35, W. Tienken 32, Lieutenant
H. Schlichtmann 34. H. Marzolf 36, C. Her
ing 43.
Xaval Militia, monthly medal shoot: First
division— W. J. Lindecker. 27; A. Lambert, 20;
J. Ryan. 37; P. Cashin, 27: W. Kopland. 17;
H. W. Baldwin, 35; C. Back. 25; A. G. Quen
tin, 45; D. Ellis. 11; T. Prendergast, 30. Sec
ond division — Ensign Brophy, 46; H. I* Tow
ers, 45; J. Cattran, 32; A. Mahlstedt, 35; F.
Douglass, 34; C. Bob, 32; G. Hammond, 43; J.
Pinkham. 27; P. Forsuth, 25; C. Perie, 20; F.
R. Sutton, 45; G. Alison. 34; F. Hilderbran. 24;
G. M. Garratt, 32; F. D. Hood. 45; Lieutenant
Commander Harloe, 37; Ordnance Officer G. E.
Kemmerer, 4S; Engineer F. Mehlhop, 46.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot — First champion class. D. B. Faktor, 226;
second champion class, J. F. Bridges, 214; first
class, J. D. Heise. 227; second class, D. Sal
field, 204; third class, J. Beuttler. 192; best first
shot, F. Rust. 24; best last shot, A. Gehret. 24.
Competition shoot — F. E. Mason, 73; F. P.
Schuster. 72; A. Pape. 71; J. D. Heise. 71; A.
Gehret. 70; D. B. Faktor, 71; A. Jungblut, 69.
Trophy shoot — A. Pape. 221; F. E. Mason, 225;
A. Gehret. 223; H. Huber, 216; F. P. Schuster,
215; J. D. Heise. 212.
. Red Men' a Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, William Dress
ier. 401; first class, Henry Soehlmann, 390; sec
ond class, Henry Schult, 390; third class, John
Stelner, 292; fourth class, Lieutenant Henry
Schulz. 271; best first shot. William Dressier,
24; best last shot, B. H. Rulffs, 25.
¦Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
bullseye shoot, prizes were won as follows:
Captain Slebe medal— H. Schult. 2S1: H. Soehl
mann. 745; J. A. Mohr,' 1C05; O. von Borstel,
1064; W. Dressier. 1065.
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, J^JNE 9, l?02.
CONTESTANTS
O > Delicacy. C*
M 5 s ?I ?1 I 3 ;
•9 ffS 3 I 3 -i i,- § g
: : . ~* S p : •»
Brooks
Hnyck
Daverkosen ....
Muller
Brotherton ....
Battu
Young ;
Blade
J. B. Kenniff..
Haight
Turner
Everett
C. R. Kenniff..
Lawrence
Tormey ;.
Keed
Golcher
Mansfield
Heller
Charles
9S 93 S4.4I76.8 S0.9 ....
90 02 81 |70 75. 6 ....
106 8».4 91.4177.6 84.5 ....
88 91 91 75 S3
120 91.8 91.4182.6 S6.ll 84.6
98 S8 180.SJ77.6 79.1 77.1
. 92 93 76.8 84.10
86 77 S2 74.4 78.1
115 92 87.8 S2. 6 85.1 93. 9
81 01.4IS9.4S0 84.8 ....
94.8 SS. 4 78.4 83.4 ....
109 06.4 88.8179.2 83.11
101 S9. 4 84.4174.2 79.3 9G.4
76.4S3.4 74.2 78.7 ...„
84 88 93.3
105 9-5.4 36.4 78.4 82.4 ...„
121 01.8|92.4!S0.10 86.T
91.8I91.SI81.8 86.8 96.9
S7.4i89.4 S0.10S5.1 83.8
85 5U.8|S1.S68.4 |75
CONTESTANTS
O > Delicacy. C*
M 5 s ?I ?1 I 3 ;
•9 ffS 3 I 3 -i i,- § g
: : . ~* S p : •»
Brooks
Hnyck
Daverkosen ....
Muller
Brotherton ....
Battu
Young ;
Blade
J. B. Kenniff..
Haight
Turner
Everett
C. R. Kenniff..
Lawrence
Tormey ;.
Keed
Golcher
Mansfield
Heller
Charles
9S 93 S4.4I76.8 S0.9 ....
90 02 81 |70 75. 6 ....
106 8».4 91.4177.6 84.5 ....
88 91 91 75 S3
120 91.8 91.4182.6 S6.ll 84.6
98 S8 180.SJ77.6 79.1 77.1
. 92 93 76.8 84.10
86 77 S2 74.4 78.1
115 92 87.8 S2. 6 85.1 93. 9
81 01.4IS9.4S0 84.8 ....
94.8 SS. 4 78.4 83.4 ....
109 06.4 88.8179.2 83.11
101 S9. 4 84.4174.2 79.3 9G.4
76.4S3.4 74.2 78.7 ...„
84 88 93.3
105 9-5.4 36.4 78.4 82.4 ...„
121 01.8|92.4!S0.10 86.T
91.8I91.SI81.8 86.8 96.9
S7.4i89.4 S0.10S5.1 83.8
85 5U.8|S1.S68.4 |75SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
CLEVELAND, June 8.— The advisory
board of the Federation of American
Catholic Societies, which met here to-day,
adopted a resolution which will be sent
to the President at Washington protesting
against the conduct of the Philippine
schools, the claim being made that it is
a proselyting system, which seeks to
wean Catholic children from their faith.
The charge is made that Catholicism is
being deliberately discriminated against
in favor of Protestantism, and that con
sidering the fact that the Filipinos are a
Catholic people but scant recognition has
been given representatives ot that churoh
in the appointment of teachers and other
methods used in teaching the Filipinos.
CATHOLIC SOCIETIES
WILL FILE A PROTEST
In addition to the play the following
musical programme was greatly enjoyed
by the ladies of the club and their guests:
Plana duet. "Norwegian Dances" (Grieg),
Miss Ruth Morse. Mrs. 8. F. Snow; songs (a),
selected, (b) selected. Mme. Guldo Spltzy. ac
companied by Professor FaustUn! GilHanni; pia
no solo, "Les Couriers" (Rltter). Mrs. Snow.
COMBINED ARMY WILL
ATTACK THE INSURGENTS
Colon Are Ordered to Join the
Forces at Panama.
Government Troops Stationed at
COLON, Columbia, June 8.— All the Gov
ernment troops who' were stationed here,
numbering over 1200 men, left for Pan
ama to-day. At Panama they will join
forces with the Government troops at that
port, who. number several thousand, and
the combined army will start immediately
to attack the insurgents by land and by
sea. Some of the troops embarked at
Panama to-day. Previous to going on
board the soldiers' were addressed by Gen
eral Bertl. General Pompilio Guiterrez
will be in command of the expedition.
FLOW OF RIVERS.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for several years of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are by
J. B. Lipplncott, hydrographer of United States
Geological Survey:
WOMAN WHO SECURED PLOT
FROM ADVERTISEMENT FOR
SUCCESSFUL PLAY.
BERLIN, June 8.— Judge F. W. Holls of
New -York, .who was formerly secretary
to the American delegation to the peace
conference at The Hague, was received by
Emperor William to-day at the old palace.
The audience lasted three-quarters of . an
hour, and Emperor William discussed
American affairs and International prob
lems with Judge -.Holls. His Majesty
showed great cordiality and manifested a
feeling, of keen interest in everything ap
pertaining to the United States, as well as
a most accurate knowledge of the details
of American affairs. The Emperor ex
pressed also much good will and Interest
toward the St, Louis exposition. He said
he hoped Germany would be creditably
represented there by its exhibit and by
many German visitors.
and a Keen Knowledge of Amer
ican Affairs.
His Majesty Shows Great Cordiality
EMPEROR WILLIAM GRANTS
JUDGE HOLLS ,AN AUDIENCE
Richarrl Endlcott, a lawyer, Lawrence
Strauss; Nan Endlcott. his wife. Miss Augusta
Friedrlck; French maid, Miss Emma "Weekes.
The characters in the cast were taken
by clever local talent and were as fol
lows: ¦ .
The pathetic story revealed in those few
lines was made the basis of the clever
little skit which was presented to the pub
lic for the first time yesterday, under the
title, "Offered in Exchange."
eAKLAND, June 8.— In the adver
tisement columns of a daily news
paper Mrs. Augusta Fowler -of
Alameda found . the plot of the
little one-act play which was so
.successfully presented yesterday after
noon at the closing reception of the
Adelphian ClubX
•'" Mrs: Fowler has had a number of sshort
stories accepted by~ popular magazines,
¦but it was her ambition to write a play.
"It is her practice to search the columns
of the newspapers for "plots," and one
•day her" attention was arrested by the
¦following ','ad.'' in the exchange columns
of The Call:
OFFERED in exchange — A wedding veil for a
cookstove or a baby's cradle.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLE.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN. "
LONDON, June 8.— King Edward and
Queen Alexandra have . announced their
intention to witness the ' polo match be
tween the American • and the English
teams at Hurlingham to-morrow.
King Will Attend Polo Match.
The twenty-second annual anniversary
picnic of the Servian-Montenegrin Liter
ary and Benevolent Society took placo
yesterday at Buena Vista Park, Sausalito.
There was a large attendanco of members
and their friends. The committee on ar
rangements had planned many games and
amusements in which the picnickers par
ticipated. The outing was one of the most
successful given. by the society.
Servian Society Picnic.
In the first . place, let ¦ me say, the mercen
ary conditions should be eliminated from ath
letics. These conditions have been growing
steadily for the past twenty years. Do not
misunderstand .me. I. do not mean that the
contestants are mercenary, but the organiza-.
tion Is. Those gathering to see a contest should
be the guests of the students or of the univer
sity and In this way the most objectionable
feature of college athletics would b« removed
The prizes competed for should be like those
of old— rhonor.. Away with the gate money
away with the seat money. Let the young men
compete not for money, but for honor
It has been said that physical development of
the highest type | and mental development of
the highest type ar« Incompatible with one an
other. The time has passed when we can pass
t>y the body and we realize that the man
strong In health will be better able to fight
the battles of life and the demons of fancy
that haunt men. If the body Is trained to re
spond to the stimulus of the cold bath - there
is little chanco for. the demon of. intemperance
to get its hold. . .
NEW YORK, June 8.— Bishop Burgess
of. the Episcopal diocese of Long Island,
in the baccalaureate sermon to-day to the
students of Columbia University and Ber
nard College, said that while the names
of the winners of athletic prizes were pre
served in bronze, those who won the
Greek prizes at the universities were
more often writ m water, -Continuing, the
Bishop said: • . . ,
ate Sermon at Columbia.
ADVICE ON, ATHLETICS.
Bishop Burgess Preaches Baccalaure-
That is the charge, Mr. Daniels, which has
been publicly made against you for more than
A week and how. have. you met It? ! -With the
same cry of ¦' "politics and. water company."
You have procured and given out an affidavit
from Oakes over which you have been reported
aS Do you notice that ' Mr. Oakes still asserts
the truth of his first statement and offers mere
ly an explanation oMhe circumstances attend
ing the making of It? Do you not notice that
the whole weight of his accusation against you
and Mr. Dalton still stands? You do know it,
and you' know the charge 1s true, and there Is
many ft sigh In your heart covered by I your
••chuckling" mouth.
•This, then, is the charge made publicly
.against you. a charge which I repeat/stand
responsible for and assert to be true. You
"will fight me to a finish" you say. In this mat
ter I suggest as a forum for debate the civil
and criminal courts, though others are open to
you, and I will gladly meet you on any. Tike
your own method; all I ask Is that you. do not
take '• your own 'time. ¦ for I- do not -want the
cloud of your- resentment hanging' over me
through all eternity. Act now, at once. I : ask
only the opportunity to prove you what I charge
you to be— a fraud and a thief. . .
But I am "bluffing" you say. Possessing
my "record." as you call It, you know I do
not. bluff. Having in mind your financial con
dition and the difficulty you experience In pro
curing honest money, I deposit with this letter
my certified check for $500 drawn to your order
with . Instructions that It be given you -im
mediately upon your • procuring my arrest for
criminal libel, to be used by you in my prpse
cution upon' the charpre.
- PRANK J. MOFFITT.
Oakland, June 8, 1902.
CHARGE PUBLICLY MADE.
been furnished and you have been and are
a party to a steal of $ 1 Coo and more of the
county's moneys; that the fraudulent bill
against the county was Innocently presented
by Mr. Lanktree and Innocently paid by the
county. \
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 8.—Ferdi
nand M. Booner, A. M., professor of mod
ern language at Harvard University since
1870, died last night. He was born in New
York City in 1832 oS French parentage,
passed his childhood in Normandy and as
a young man taught French in St. Louis.
Ferdinand M. Booner, A.M.
SANTA ROSA, June 8.— J. H. Arbuckle
expired suddenly at an early hour yester
day morning on the porch of a neighbor's
house at Petaluma. Arbuckle had been
suffering from heart disease for a number
of years, and as was his custom when
sick he called upon his neighbor, A. Byas,
for assistance. He went to the front door
of the Byas residence and rapped. His
knock was heard and quickly answered,
but when found Arbuckle was past medi
cal aid. He was a native of New York,
aged 62 years, and had been a resident of
Petaluma for many years. ;
ROME, June 8.— The duel between Sig
nor Prinetti, the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, who was challenged to fight Signor
Franchetti, a member of the. Chamber, as
the result of a heated discussion last Fri
day in the Chamber of Deputies on the
subject of the Prythretan (Italian East
Africa) budget, occurred this afternoon at
the villa of Marquis Medleis. SignjQ*
Franchetti was slightly wounded ' in; the
ear. After the encounter Signor Prinetti
and Signor Franchetti became reconciled.
and a Reconciliation
Follows.
One of Them Is Pinked in the Ear
ITALIANS FIGHT DUEL
WITH THE USUAL RESULT
greatly. I have mastered the art of
travel and purpose writing a book on my
travels."
The Conte plans to work .his way to
Mexico and then to Brtish Columbia be
fore shipping again for the trip across the
Pacific to China and Japan.
NOBLEMAN WHO IS FACING
MANY. . HARDSHIPS FOR
CHARITY'S SAKE.
House and lot, -45x122:0 feet, situated 361
Capp - street, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth, $5000; eight lots In the Cobb tract at
$300 each; lot on the northeast corner of Page
and Fill more streets, 25x100 feet, $4750; house
and lot. 05x115 feet, situated 0-40 Capp street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, for
$5250; lot on the west line of Broderlck street,
82:6 feet south from Eddy. 27:6x100 feet, $172&;
lot on the west line of Cherry street, 70 feet
north from Clay. 30x100 feet, $2100; lot on
the south line of Geary street.' 127 feet east
from Devisadero. 27x137:6 feet. $27S0; lot on
the south line of Page street. 131 feet east
from Masonic avenue. 37:6x137:6 feet, $3300:
two tenements and lot, 25x80 feet, situated 126
Perry street, between Third and Fourth, $2150;
lot on the south line of Sutter street, 180 feet
west from Lyon. 25x100 feet, $1400; lot on the
south line cf Hermann Btreet, 65:6 feet wast
from Church, 80x80 feet, $2100; lot on the
east line of ¦ Tremont avenue. 221 feet south
from Frederick street. 44:6x80 feet, $1850.
S. E. Menzes to J. H. Bohllg, lot and Im
provements on south Eide of Broadway, 137 ;6
east Hyde street, 81:6x136:6 feet, for $14,000.
O. F. Wiley to William B. Pringle. lot 23:4
xlCO, with Improvements, on the west line of
Third etreet, 236:8 feet south of Bryant, for
$7000.
Speck & Co. have leased to Clement
Wilder for the term of ten years a new
Bix-story brick . building' to be erected on
the northeast corner of Jones street and
Lewln place, at a rental of $96,000.
They have also leased a new five-story
brick building to.be elected on the north
Fide of Bush street, between Taylor and
Jones treets, for Mrs. Margaret Maguire.'
for the term of ten years at a rental of
$87,000.
F. B. Surrybne reports the sale of tlnte
flats and lot e ltuate at 1315 Ellis street for
$10,000; also the following minor sales:
C. M. Hansen to J. H. Dickmann, lot 2T>x
100. with Improvements, on south Bide of Wal
ler ttreet, 100:3 feet west of Shrader; price,
$0500.
Daniel McKillip to Lucretia Batisegnano, two
new flats with lot 25x125, on west line - of
B&rtlett street. 135 feet south of Twenty
sixth, for (1950.
The firm also reports the following
sales: •
firm was the purchase of block No. 195,
Richmond district, by William Hardlman
and Foshay Walker. They purchased the
tract for E. J. Le Breton for $48,700.
Without a cent of money, unused to la
bor and unable to speak any language but
his own, the Conte Ealvatore started from
his home in Naples on the first day. of
March, a year ago. He has had many
harrowing experiences and has suffered
many rebuffs since he began his hazard
ous tour, but he showed no traces of the
trials of indigent travel when he arrived
in Oakland yesterday. He is a good-look
ing Italian and well' dressed, and he has
discovered that garlic in this country Is
as abundant as it is in his own. Through
OAKLAND, June 8. — Journeying
through nine countries, penniless
and denied the privilege to beg,
borrow or Bteal— that la what
Conte Delia Ginestra Reggio Sal
vatore, an Italian nobleman, is doing for
sweet charity's sake. , He is to get $20,000
when he accomplishes the feat and the
meney is on deposit in a bank in Rome.
The Conte has successfully traversed
three countries In a year and there still
remain to him two years within which to
cover the other six. He does not doubt
that ba will win the $20,000.
Conte Salvatore's pilgrimage is born of
a defy that was made in the clubrooma
of a swell Italian Club in Rome in Feb
ruary a year ago. The Duke Spinetti, in
the heat of a dispute ever modes of
travel, suddenly exclaimed that he would
give $20,000 to the man present who would
journey without money over nine coun
tries in three years. The Conte Salvatore
overheard the defy and volunteered to'
undertake the trip, stating, however, that
he would pay the money to the poor of
Palermo, Sicily, then in great distress, in
event he was successful.
4. One - of these minority stockholders was
finally driven by your conduct to commence a
suit for an accounting, wherein were charged
upon you and your associates the grossest
frauds, wherein you were charged with having
entered Into an Infamous printing contract by
which you have looted the treasury of the city
of Oakland out of thousands of dollars. What
did you and your associates do? Did you, at.
every honest business man assailed as to his
Integrity would have done, lay open your books,
invite examination and hurry on the hearing?
No; you again emitted the water company wall
and sought by every trick, art and device of
your lawyers to fend oft the case and postpone
the evil day of trial, refusing meanwhile to
give your deposition— refusing also to produce
your books, seeking only with your wild ex
clamattons of "water company" to deafen the
community to the single Important fact that,
charged with dishonesty and corruption^ ' you
were straining every resource to avoid meeting
the Issue. • • ' - ' •¦ •.- ¦¦ ¦
8. For now nearly a-week a criminal charge
of felony haa been staring you In the face.
The charge was specifically -made and evi
dence of your guilt furnished. You would to
day be under arrest upon it but for -the. sav
ing grace of a few days given you by the Dis
trict Attorney when he referred it to . the
Grand Jury.
The charge is that Henry P. Dalton aboutva
year ago gave an order to George Cakes for
certain public books as necessary in his As
sessor's office, -knowing that Oakes could :not
himself do the work; that he apprpved the bill
for these books amounting to more than $1500
and Induced Oakes . %o make affidavit to the
bill that the supplies had been furnished; that
he Induced Oakes to secure the: discounting of
this bill with J. B. Lanktree. who issued his
two checks payable to Oakes; that Oakes in
dorsed the checks by general Indorsement- and
turned \ thorn over I to you ¦ and . Mr, Dalton I in'
the belief . that you -would do the -work; that
you ¦ indorsed these checks " and obtained v the
morey thereon, and, knowing the .whole ; tran
saction,' never did furnish and never meant to
furnish the books; that . the books have never
CHARGES GROSS FRAUDS.
But you will have to admit that if you have
stolen county moneys, city moneys or moneys
of the stockholders of your paper the water
company neither aided nor abetted, induced or
procured the thefts, unless (Ingenious and ad
mirable defense) you mean to say that the re
fusal of the water company to submit to your
blackmail demand for $55,000, forced upon you
and your associates the necessity of resorting to
other nefarious devices. No! the cry of water
company can no longer avail you, for these are
the plain facts:
1. Some years ago you and your self-seeking
political associates obtained control of, the
Enquirer: at that time you kept a small sta
tionery store and were hopelessly in debt. No
one connected with the paper and the deal out-
Side of your clique ever supposed that you,
without means and without newspaper experi
ence, were to be put in managerial control. The
fact was kept secret until its accomplishment,
and here was the first betrayal of trust by you
and your associates.
• 2. Thereafter there was voted to you a salary
of $500 per month; you, who could not to-day
command $30 per month from any newspaper in
San Francisco— and you a director voted to' fix
your own salary In that sum— a sum more than
twice larger than Mr, Leach as manager had
ever received. Under your management. It is
needless to add, the dividends to stockholders
paid while Mr. Leach was In control ceased ab
solutely. ¦ .
8. You made of the Enquirer a personal or-'
Ban for the political advancement of yourself
and your associates, George C. Pardee and
Henry IV Da Hon. and' for maligning every per
son and company who would not bow to your
demands. The former, sought and still seeks
the Governorship under your proud banner,
while the merriment caused by the other's cam
paign for Congress against the Hon. V. H.
Metcalf has not passed from people's minds.
These campaigns Involved the printing of ton»
of political literature and were quite expensive
to the minority stockholders of the paper.
CRY NO LONGER AVAILS.
. G. B. Daniels, Manager Oakland Enquirer —
Slr:*»To my published charge against you that
you^sre a thief. and *hould wear the stripes of
the'pentitentlary;t6my published invitation to
you -to answer this charge by -prosecuting mi
civilly or criminally for libel, you make answer
as published in the Sunday's papers that there
1b nothing to the matter but "water company";
Hint 1 am bluffing; that you have me on the
hip; that I am badly frightened; that you have
my record and intend to dig it up; and that
you "will fight me to a finish."
This last statement gives us something tan
gible to proceed upon. You "will tight me to a
finish."' That is exactly what I have asked
you to do.
1 Invite you now to a calm consideration of
the situation, which I shall set forth explicitly
to the end that you may not cloud the Issues
between us. You know you are profoundly
versed In the art of doing that. Whenever the
avenging boot lands on your person your first
shriek of pain and fear is alway "the water
company." When in due time St. Peter at the
gate shall slip the trap on which you stand
and start you on your long fall to the bottom
less pit, up from that dark abyss will come
fainter and ever fainter' that same old cry of
"water company."
The devlc» ia not a new one. Reynard the
Fox always kicked up dust when his avenging
foe was too close upon his heels, and sought to
escape under Its cover. The cuttlefish which
you much' more eloBely resemble (you recall Its
gelatinous composition and lack of bony struc
ture) befouls the water with a black, offensive
fluid emanating from its own body, in the dark
ness of which it scuttles into hiding.
ISSUES CHALLENGE.
Against this pacific statement comes
Frank J" Moffitt: with a signed declaration
that comes like a sulphurous .blast from
Mount Pelee. It breathes flre and,brim
stone, -and repeats, in detail his charge
that Paniels. took money from the«county
for.-. work that was never done, and in
doing' this he- charges the- uewBpaper
manager, with having either robbed the
county or the stockholders of the paper.
He goes into the newspaper deal by which
Daniels secured, the -Enquirer, and charges
him with fraud in his management of the
paper and in the assessment book deal..
The statement is as strong as it is. pos.
t.ible to make it, andiconcludes ; with an
offer to pay the expenses of 'any action,
for libel that Daniels^ may bring against'
the writer. < <-¦':'¦_¦¦ ¦ . . --\ • • :
But the editor considers the .Moffitt
statements as side issues-on a sidetrack
and he does not. purppse making any side
bets with the former editor. He says that
his fight is with the Contra Costa Wat«>r
Company, and after he gets through slay- j
ing the water dragon he will then turn
his attention to Mr. Moffltt. Whether
libelous or not the Moffitt statements will
be ignored for the present.
This is what Editor Daniels said to-day
about the Moffitt statement: "In regard
to -the personal attack made on me by
Frank J. Moffltt, and. which he admits is
libelous, I will ignore', it. for the present.
My fight now is with the Contra Costa
! Water Company and I do not intend to be
sidetracked by ; any side issues 'that Mof
fitt or Nusbaumer may interject into this
fight. •
¦ "When I get through with the Contra;
Cpsta people I will attend to Moffltt's ¦'.
case. 'Whether I will prosecute him f or :
libel or not I am at present unable to fiay.
I wiil be ready to take care of myself, and
Moffltt, too, when the time comes."
Here is a signed statement made by
Frank J. Moffltt to-day: .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; . . 1U8 Broadway, June . 8.
Sunday brought po surcease from the
Dafton-Daniels-Moffitt-Nusbaumer feud
On the eve of this meeting of the Grand
Jury that is to inquire into the culpabil
ity of the editor and the Assessor the
war. is raging, more bitterly, if_ possible,
than before. Additional , statements were
made tb-day.. Editor Daniels made the
declaration that he was not going, to be
sidetrackedj by Frank J. Moffitt and that
his fight .was with the Contra Costa
Water Company. In this wise he dis
missed Frank J. MofHVt's- challenge that
he sue him for libel.
On the Eve of the Meeting of
. . 7 the Grand . -Jury War
- H - Rages More Bitterly . -
,;• - ¦ • -: . Than- Before. •
Repeats Charge That Editor
Robbed Either Oounty
or Paper.
BUYS ENTIRE BLOCK.
Lyon & Hoag have had a good week.
The mott Important eale handled by the
L«t on th« southwest corner of Noe and
Fourteenth etreetfi, 76xft6 feet. Improvements
consist of etorez and flats, M. Joost to John A.
Woodward, price $17,000; lot on the south line
of McAllister etreet, east of Gough. 27:6x120
feet, improvements stores and two flats, eold
to Mrs. E. Schwartz, Price $12,000; lot on the
northweet corner of Castro and JCineteenth
streets, 30x80 feet, improvements stores and
Rats, M. Sanders to The Jonn A. Whelan Co.,
price $11,000; 1015 McAllister etreet, between
Buchanan and Webster, lot 28:8x137:8 feet. W.
C. Spencer to H.' Sen wars. Improvement* etore
and fiats, price $8000; lot on the northeast cor
ner of Sacramento and Steiner streets, 28x03
fe*t. improvements dwelling. Bold by T. K.
Noble, price $8000; lot on the northeast corner
of Jones and Filbert streets. 41x70 feet. Im
provements fiate, G. F. Knopf et al. to John
Tampcke. price $7200; lot on the northwest
corner Geary and Leguna streets, 27:6x87:6
feet. Bold to J. Gollober, price $6650; lot on
the south line of California, etreet, 81:8 feet
east of Webster, 25x137:6 feet, Edward K.
Taylor to h. C. fimlth. pice $3700; lot on thn
south line of Calif orr.ia street, 131:3 feet east
of Webster, 25x137:6 feet. E. R. Taylor to Eva
A. Hax«, price f.3750; lot on the west line
of Fourth av*nue, north of Clement street,
20x120 feet. Improvement* dwelling, price $3500;
lot on the north lln« of Twenty-flf*t street,
near Folscm. £5x100 feet, improvements two
flats. J. B. Mcrsch to M. HawVyard, price
f^-POO; lot on the wert line of • Bellna. place,
north of California dtreet, 31x6S feet. Improve
ments four flats, isold by T. K. Noble, price
l"2S00; lot on the east Una of Bryant etreet,
SO feet north of Twenty-eeeond, 25x100 feet,
I* Metrgtr to A. L.. Harrington, price $1400;
lot on the west line of Diamond street, north
of Twenty-eeccnfl. 60x115 feet, price $450.
The Von Ithein Real Estate Company
report the following sales:
CHOICE PROPERTY SOLD.
J. A. Boylan to M. J. Tracy, elx flats of three
rooms, south side, 441 Clementina street, near
Hixth, rents $5u, lot 25x75 feet, price $5000:
Alex&ndre Metral to A. G. Catlin, three front
flats end twa rear flats, eouth eide, M7 Steven
son street, betwetn Sixth and Seventh, lot 25x
78. price $70OU; Rivers Bros, to William Goeg
gel, Ktore find two fiats of 8 rooms, southwest
corner Devisadero and Page streets, rents $135,
lot 32x100, 'price $15,500; Charles A, Banner to
W. W. Rednell, north line of Frederick street,
£0 feet east of Clayton, lot 25x103:3, price
$2250: William R. Finlay to Jfat T. Coulson.
five flats, west Eide of Belcher street, Hot. 70
72, 125 feet north of Fourteenth, lot 23x100,
price $9000; E. U. Darbee to Q. M. Wood, two
etory residence of six rooms and bath, 115 Third
avenue, 150 feet south of Lake etreet, lot 23x120
feet, price &O50; Delia M. King to R. glebe,
cottage of six rooms and bath, east side De
Long avenue. 111 Frederick street, lot 25x80
feet, price $3000; M. J. Tracy to T. O'Brien,
two flcts of five and six rooms, west eide, 611
613 Scott street, near Fell, lot 25x100 feet, price
$5750; Agnes Foster to Charles S. Healey, west
eide, 219 Cole ttreet, near Fell, new, modern
residence of 8 rooms and bath, lot 25x100 feet,
price $6400; M. FUher to B. Heilfron. couth
6lde. 1653 Waller etreet, near Shrader. two new,
modern flats of six and eight rooms and bath,
rents $70, lot 25x100 feet, price $7500; Sheldon
O. Kelicg to Peter Jensen, three-story building,
«sm «ide, 217 Eighth street, near Howard, lot
£5x187:6. price $8000.
Nelson, Johnson & Co. report a spirited
inquiry f° r all classes of investment prop
erty und have closed the following sales
during the last two weeks:
EEPOET MANY SALES.
Twenty-five houses have been sold on
Tenth and Eleventh avenues during, the
last two years for about $82,000. About
*75,000 more improvements in building will
be made this year.
C. E. Buckingham has sold a lot on the
south side of H street, 60 feet west of
Eleventh avenue, for the Callaghan Estate
Company to D. A. Hannah. The pur
chaser contemplates erecting a resi
dence costing from $7000 to $§000. Some
seven or eight houses are to be started
within the next two weeks on Tenth end
Eleventh avenues, between H and I
streets. The block is almost graded and
;he streets and sidewalks will be remac
udamized and placed* in excellent condi
uun. Cement walks are being laid in
lrcnt of all the new buildings in course
tif construction on Tenth and Eleventh
uveiiUis in this block.
WILL ERECT FINE HOME.
LEASES TWO BUILDINGS.
Speck &. Co. have leased . to Clement
.Wilder for the term of ten years a new
six-story brick building to be erected on
the northeast corner of Jones street and
Lewis place at a rental of $96,000.
They have also leased a new five-story
brick building to be erected on the north
side of Bubh street, between Taylor and
Jones streets, for Mrs. Margaret Maguire
for the term of ten years at a term rental
of $S7.000.
Block K— Lots 1 and 2. B. Knell. $9S0; 3,
G. P. Sparovich. $435; 4 end 5, A. Olson, $860;
6, A. IJ. Joost, $465; 7, 8, ». 10. 11 and 12,
H. S. Allen, $6000; 14 and 15. E. W. Hart
ruann, $1800; 13, Mrs. Williams, $915; 17, 1C
and IS. A. Olson, $1900.
Block J — Lot H. Mrs. Patterson, $820; 5, J.
J. Ormsby. $700; 1. 2, 9 and 4, D. Leahy, $1323.
Block Z— Lot 4, Mrs.. Patterson. $1000; 9, J.
J. Pratt, $460.
Block N— Lot 1, W. A. Dougherty, $525; 10,
Mrs. Speakman, $310; 2. 3. 4, 5. «, 7. 8 and 9,
\V. E. Barnes, $2080; 11, Mrs. Speakman. $275.
Block 1— Lot 1. G. A. Pope, $480; 4a, Mrs.
Jessen, $310; 2 and 3, O. Deil. $600; 4 and 5,
O. H. Ferjruson, $520; 6, 7. 8, 9, 10, 11. 12, 13,
14 and 15, "VV. E. Barnes, $2225; 16, 17. IS, 19
and 20, Mrs. Bennatt, $1025; 22. 23. 24, 25, 21.
20. 27. 28. 29 and 30. T. L. O'Neil, $1635; 31.
Sirs. Williams, $235; 32. A. Harrigan, $235; 33,
Mrs. Sicotte, $235; 34, J. L. Taffe. $235; 35, 36,
37. 36 end 39, H. S. Allen. $1100: 40 and 41,
V. GrotbwelL $310; 42, R. H. Walker. $165.
Block O. A. J. Rich. $2700.
Block H— Lot* J, 2, 3, 4, 5. 6, 7, 8 and 9, G.
A. Pope, $3170.
Block M, Thomas Wilson. $3000.
Total amount of sales. $39,0£5.
At the auction sale of the property be
longing to the estate of Adolph Sutro,
held by Baldwin & Howell yesterday, 163
lots were disposed of for the total sum of
$29,065. The sale attracted a large crowd
and the bidding was very spirited for a
large portion of the property. Some par
cels, however, were sold at extremely
low prices and the bids are likely to be
raised in court. The interest which was
taken in the sale was a good indication
of a healthy market. The sales were as
follows:
SUTEO LOTS ARE SOLD.
The southwest corner of Seventeenth and
Church streets, consisting of a lot, 55:6x100,
with two stores, $5650; a lot 40x70 and two
fix-room houses at 144S and 1450 California
street, $10,9uO, subject to approval by the
owner; a lot SOxSO and four front and three
rear dwellings, renting for $6Si a year, at 219
to 225 Langton street. $1350; a lot 23:6x77:6
And a two-story house at.lOSO Broadway, $2000;
a lot 25x137 :ti, with house, at 025 Haight
street, *iS50, and a lot 25x119:6 and a two
story dwelling on the west side of Lyon street,
67:t5 south of gutter. 52300, subject to the own
er's approval.
SOLD AT AUCTION".
The auction sale held last Wednesday
by Easton, Eldridge & Co. resulted In the
following sales :
There were- 46S real estate sales recorded In
the month of May, amounting: to $3,977,432.
There is still a very good demand for all kinds
of property, especially for Investments of $50,
000 to 1150,000. Good investments on the best
streets and paying & per cent net are not nearly
eo numerous as they were a y«ar ago; in fact
they are scarce. The sales in the 50-vara sec
tion, that is, north of Market and east of Lax
it in, continue to be numerous and large in
amount. The number of purchases made with
the intention of immediately remodeling im
provements or replacing- old improvements en
tirely is increasing. Not because buyers pre
fer this kind of an investment, but because
there has been, and is still, plenty of money
to be made by buyers who have had experience
in thus making properties that have been pay
ing 3 or 4 i«r cent net pay 5 per cent net on
a price that will allow them a profit. In the
present condition of the labor and material
market th« buyer who purchases real estate,
erects buildings and gets first-class tenants
for five or ten year leases for his building cer
tainly earns a fair ftroflt and often makes a
very good one.
The San Francisco Real Estate Circu
lar, which is published mon.thly by
Messrs. Thomas Magee & Sons, gives in
teresting data about the state of the
realty market during the last month.
Following is an excerpt from the publica
tion:
E. J. Le Breton Buys Entire
Block in Richmond
District.
Moffitt Issues a Torrid
Challenge to
Daniels.
"I worked my way across the Atlantic
by shipping on a freight steamer. I have
had no trouble since my arrival in this
country because my countrymen here be
lieve my story and help me along. I was
banqueted by my friends in Washington
and given credentials that have helped me
* ¦ ¦ ¦
an interpreter he related some of his
movements; -
"After leaving Naples," he said, "I
walked through -France, crossed into Eng-.
land and then made my way across the
Atlantic to America and here I am in Cal
ifornia after having been in nearly every
State of the Union. France and England
discouraged me greatly and many times I
have gone hungry while in those coun
tries.
Local Dealers Report
Big Sales During
Past Week.
ACCUSATIONS
LIKE A BLAST
FROM PELEE
REAL ESTATE
MARKET LIVELY
BREASTS MANY HARDSHIPS
TO ENRICH SICILY'S POOR
For Charity's Sake Conte Delia Ginestra
Raggio Salvatpre Undertakes a Journey
Without Money Through Nine Countries
fered in Exchange, 17 Which Was Given at
Reception of Adelphian Club, Mikes a Hit
Mrs. Augusta; Fowler's One-Act Piece, M 0f-
FINDS PLOT FOR A PLAY
IN CALL ADVERTISEMENT
ELKS'S FAIR DAYS
ALL ANNOUNCED
Towns , and Fraternities
Plan to Take Part in
Celebration.
Preparations Going Forward
Rapidly With Promises of
Big Success.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, June 8.
Even this far in advance another "day"
can be crowded into the Elks' Carnival.
Every one of the eight days that tha
gates of the fair will be open have already
been absorbed by towns and fraternities
eager to shine. Applicants have been sq
importunate that the management begins
to think that it would have been proflti
able to have added a few more days to
the fete.
The White Highbinders have usurped
the two opening days— Friday and Satur
day. Alameda Tong and Oakland Tons.
attired In their Chinese habits, will escprt
their argus-eyed dragon in the parade
that is to occupy the streets Friday night
and then spread terror at the grounds
with their mystic incantations. The tonss
will continue this wild beginning Satur
day with another set of fanatical orgies
designed to "scare the daylights" out of,
innocent natives.
The Elks will have their "day" Monday,
when they will -make a herculean effort
to atone for the loss of Sunday. Chief of
many features will be the minstrel and
vaudeville show. - ,/
It will be "Knights of Pythias day"
Tuesday. The local lodges are planning a
big programme that will be given .pub
licity later in the week. The Native Sons
have engaged themselves to astonish the
spectators Wednesday, part of which
they will share with the people of Hay
wards. /
FRIDAY NIGHT'S PARADE.
"Woodmen's day" will occupy all of
Thursday, when there will be a plethora
of features for the amusement of the
friends of the order. Friday will be "Irian
day," with a grand "whoop-up," and Sat
urday will see the finish in a blaze ot
light, showers of confetti and the ming
ling of masked face?.
The parade nsxt Friday night 13 to be
a thing of beauty, even if it is a- Joy
ephemeral. The White Highbinders in
their picturesque garments will be the
chief attraction. The Elks' Lodge will
march in carnival clothes built for the oc
casion. In line with these orders will bo
the Grand Army men, Native Sons,
Woodmen of the World, Oakland Wheel
men, Foresters, National Guardsmen,
League of the Cross Cadets, Reliance
Club, Portuguese societies, Fraternal
Brotherhood, Young Men's Institute, Mer
chants' Exchange and the Board of
Trade.
Hay wards has gone about the arrange
ments for its day in a most enterprising
way. The Board of Trade of that town
has taken hold of things and got the
promise of everybody to attend the carni
val Wednesday, the 18th- Arrangements
have been made for ten special cars t a
carry the crowd and a brass band. A
booth has been engaged and it will be
decorated In the grandest style imagin
able. . ...
CIRCUS EACH EVENING.
"The Country Store," Charley Heese
man manager, is being stocked with good.?
with which to fool the gullible. The pur
chaser will be obliged to endure a good
deal of red tape before he will get his
hand on a package. He will first buy an
envelope containing a number which will
correspond with a numbered article that
he will carry away. The articles may
consist of anything, from an anchor to a
bustle.
The circus will be a nightly entertain
ment, where there will l>e clowns a ad
bareback riders legion. The county jail
i3 to be another source of amusement, for
visitors to the fete.
The inmates of foundling homes and or
phan asylums in Alameda County are to
be given an opportunity to see all the
good thlnfll at the fair. Chairman Mat
thews of the entertainment committee
has sent Invitations to these institutions
informing their superintendents that tholr
charges are welcome to enjoy the sights.
As people are expected from all over
the State a committee has been named to
look after hotel accommodations. The
committee has established itself In the
Board of Trade rooms, where the work of
securing all the available rooms In the
city Is being dispatched. When the visit
ors begin to arrive they will be looked
after like relatives.
VALLEJO LODGE ACTIVE.
The railroad company la doing "the
right thing" with the Elks. Division Su
perintendent Palmer has Informed the
Elks' committee on transportation that
the company will give one and one-third
rates while the fair is In progress, in
cluding June 22. The company will also
have coupons attached to tickets entitlija*
the holder to admission to the fair.
If every lodge of Elks in- the State
would display an Interest in the Oakland
street carnival equal to that of Vallejo
No. 539 the success of the Oakland lodes' a
efforts would be assured. The navy yard,
town lodge has chartered the steamer
General Frlsble for next Monday night,
and has made arrangements to bring 300
Elks and friends to Oakland to attend the
opening of the street carnival. The mem
bers or 559 will wear purple badges and
the invited guests will wear a badge o*
white announcing that "Oakland is to' be
the rendezvous of the herd."
The excursion arranged by the Vallejo
ites promises to be the most pleasureable
of any arranged by the "Brother Bills" Ik
the immediate vicinity of Oakland.
AUTOMOBILE GOES WILD.
III. Cohn and Miss J. Cordon Injured
in Accident on Devisadero Street.
An automobile accident occurred yester
day afternoon on Devisadero street, near
Golden Gate avenue, and as a result Miss
J. Gordon and M. Colm, the occupants of
the vehicle, narrowly escaped being fatally
Injured. Cohn was steering the automo
bile down Devisadero street when It gut
beyond his control. It made its way at
a high rate of speed directly toward a
telegraph pole. Cohn tried to apply the
brake, Dut it would not work. The auto
struck the pole squarely and Cohn and
Miss Gordon were precipitated into the
street.
Cohn sustained a severe Injury of the
right leg, while the young lady escaped
with a painfully contused foot. Both re
ceived minor bruises about the body
They were removed to the Mount Zion
Hospital. The automobile was badly
damaged.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R W MUler & w, Ta- Mrs N E Bland His
coma A Bland. Illinois
R Elliott, Alabama H H Jenness, Sausalito
J E Bllz. Mississippi. o A Whiteslde, Cal
E R Row* & w. Chgo Capt W E James, , Ind
W A Cromls, Chicago F B Buf finger, Indiana
M S Thayera, Illinois W Kaberseman, S Pale
it Rose, Clarksburg R L Bullard & fctm.
A H Schulz A fam, Manila
Baltimore F Glesen, S Dakota
Serg Cassidy, Angel Isl J Gtescn. 8 Dakota -
Mrs Graves, San Joss J C Johnson A w. Or
Miss M Anderson, Al- J flabby & w, Pk
buquerque W D Vere A w, Vsllejo
8 Anderson. Albuqrque W* Vcgt, Angel Island
C T Cummlngs, w & G Mallet, New York
daughter, Los Ang J Morrison, Boston
A H Paulsei & w, Cal W Welsh & w. Iowa
A J Anderson, Crockett R V Chamberlain, Iowa
'T V Longmore, AreaU E Phenneger & child,
K E MUler. Portland Kansas City
H S Brown, 4Seattle Misa .- A Van Doren.
Mies E Foster. Illinois La Crosse, Wls
Late snipping intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, June ? &.
Stmr San Pedro. Johnson. 51 hours from
San Pedro, via Santa Barbara 35 hours.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 43 hours from
San Pedro. STEAMERS .
LIZARD — Pat sed June 9 — Stmr La . Gas
cbgne. from Havre, for New York. -
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 9 — Stmr
Bluehpr. from Hamburg, via Boulogne, .' for
New York >4BHHnMMfiMOinS&fc£S&ti
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1902.
c
9
>econ<
'eet.
J 1901. 1002.
Hay 11 10.700 18.240
Hay 12 10,700 17,300
Hay 13 10,400 10.400
Hay 14. 10.400 23,320
Hay 15 10.100 27.«00
Hay 16 10,100 21.160
Hay IT 10.100 19.460
Hay 18 B500 18,240
Hay la 9200 16,700
Hay 20 .-.. 8C30 15,800
Hay 21 8360 14,900
Hay 22 8070 14,800
Hay 23 7800 14,000
Hay 24 7530 14,000
Hay 25 7800 14.000
Hay 2tJ.. 8070 14,000
Hay 27. i... "7300 14.900
Hay 28 §070 14.900
Hay 29 S070 14,300
Hay 50 7800 13,100
Hay 31 7530 12,800
Second Feet.
1001,
-
- 1902.
Hay 11 10,287
Hay 12 * 11,507
Hay 13 12,527
Hay 14... 13,187
Hay 15 12,847
Hay 16... ..;. 12.&47
Hay 17 12.527
Hay 18 12,207
Hay 19,. .-.:..-.... 11.567
Hay 20 i«67
Hay 21 :.. 7077
Hay 22 6007
Hay 23 5767
Hay 24... 6097
8360
7400
6415
5470
6165
5470
8700
57C0
4S85.
8345
2490
2285
2C05
3830
Second Feet.
_
1901.
1002.
May 11
May 12
May 13 ;....
May 14
May 15... ..
May 10
May 17
May IS
May 19..... i
May 20
May 21
May 22
May 23...:... '..
May. 24...
May 25
May 2ti..
May 27..
May 28... '.
May 29
May 30.......
May 31.
440
475
475
410
440
440
438
440
424
40S
370
338
324
203
875
379
408
408
379
370
331
¦¦ 40S
370
304
371)
870
370
379
3ti5
SSI
324
233
311
286
273
2-S6
311
324
379
351
324
324
I Second Feet.
DATE.
I
1901. 1002.
Hay 11..,.. 17,290
Kay 12 1T.O:JO
Hay 13 ! 1B.040
Hay 14, 13,440
Hay 15. . ; l«.6t5O
Hay 1«..........: 17.030
day 17 21,180
Hay 18 ....: 21,830
May 19... ." 1«.<MO
Hay 20 14,300
Hay 21... : 10.S40
Hay 22 ......: 92oO
viay 2:t.. 8000
Hay 24. , 8300
Hay 25.......... ". TfiOO
Hay 20 (320
Hay 27 taoo .
Hay 28 «00O
Hay 29 :. «2f»
Hay :i0 .:........... 7040
May 31 C9»o
7040
8900
S900
67S0
r.r.4s
0543
«780
7040
coots
4300
3700
3920
4ti.sO
5090
C52O
. C2U0
7010
9SKK)
13,7150
11,300
10.400
>econ<
'eet.
J 1901. 1002.
Hay 11 10.700 18.240
Hay 12 10,700 17,300
Hay 13 10,400 10.400
Hay 14. 10.400 23,320
Hay 15 10.100 27.«00
Hay 16 10,100 21.160
Hay IT 10.100 19.460
Hay 18 B500 18,240
Hay la 9200 16,700
Hay 20 .-.. 8C30 15,800
Hay 21 8360 14,900
Hay 22 8070 14,800
Hay 23 7800 14,000
Hay 24 7530 14,000
Hay 25 7800 14.000
Hay 2tJ.. 8070 14,000
Hay 27. i... "7300 14.900
Hay 28 §070 14.900
Hay 29 S070 14,300
Hay 50 7800 13,100
Hay 31 7530 12,800
Second Feet.
1001,
-
- 1902.
Hay 11 10,287
Hay 12 * 11,507
Hay 13 12,527
Hay 14... 13,187
Hay 15 12,847
Hay 16... ..;. 12.&47
Hay 17 12.527
Hay 18 12,207
Hay 19,. .-.:..-.... 11.567
Hay 20 i«67
Hay 21 :.. 7077
Hay 22 6007
Hay 23 5767
Hay 24... 6097
8360
7400
6415
5470
6165
5470
8700
57C0
4S85.
8345
2490
2285
2C05
3830
Second Feet.
_
1901.
1002.
May 11
May 12
May 13 ;....
May 14
May 15... ..
May 10
May 17
May IS
May 19..... i
May 20
May 21
May 22
May 23...:... '..
May. 24...
May 25
May 2ti..
May 27..
May 28... '.
May 29
May 30.......
May 31.
440
475
475
410
440
440
438
440
424
40S
370
338
324
203
875
379
408
408
379
370
331
¦¦ 40S
370
304
371)
870
370
379
3ti5
SSI
324
233
311
286
273
2-S6
311
324
379
351
324
324
I Second Feet.
DATE.
I
1901. 1002.
Hay 11..,.. 17,290
Kay 12 1T.O:JO
Hay 13 ! 1B.040
Hay 14, 13,440
Hay 15. . ; l«.6t5O
Hay 1«..........: 17.030
day 17 21,180
Hay 18 ....: 21,830
May 19... ." 1«.<MO
Hay 20 14,300
Hay 21... : 10.S40
Hay 22 ......: 92oO
viay 2:t.. 8000
Hay 24. , 8300
Hay 25.......... ". TfiOO
Hay 20 (320
Hay 27 taoo .
Hay 28 «00O
Hay 29 :. «2f»
Hay :i0 .:........... 7040
May 31 C9»o
7040
8900
S900
67S0
r.r.4s
0543
«780
7040
coots
4300
3700
3920
4ti.sO
5090
C52O
. C2U0
7010
9SKK)
13,7150
11,300
10.400THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1902.
10
HELP WASTED — 3tALE-— Com.
WANTED — By a large manufacturing concern
in Seattle, Wash., a flrst-class foreman
b«acksmlth; a young, progressive man pre-
ferred; must have wide knowledge of aU
classes of blacksmith work, light and heavy,
and above all he must be a good handler of
men. familiar with drawings and of fair edu-
cation. Address, stating full qualification*.
reference and monthly salary expected, *».
O. box 319. Seattle. Wash. |
DETECTIVES "WANTED — Applications will be
received for po3ltio"n3 aa special detective*
and watchmen for Chinatown; monthly sal-
ary $90; must be experienced and capable;
good references and bond required; no other*
need apply. Address Chinese Consul General.
San Francisco. .-*•:;. .:¦-'
WANTED — A general tailor for country; a
steady party who wants to settle in the
country can buy the establishment In Sep-
tember; can work for wages from now on
until then. For further particulars apply
REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter et.
PANTS maker for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st
Al SALESMAN by wholesale coffee and splc«
business, for Humboldt, Coos Bay and Men-
doclno counties; none but experienced men
and acquainted with above counties need
apply. Address box 334, Call office.
WANTED— Young man over 16 years of age
for elevator; one having experience running
an electric elevator preferred. Apply Mon-
day 7:30 a. m. at S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71S
Market st
WANTED — Reliable, active man as partner to
do plain office work In old-established and
well-paying cash business; clears $300 and
over per month; small capital required. Apply
313 Kearny St.. room 1. -<v:?
$300 — PARTNER wanted in light business; $13
to $25 a week, with chance to make $35 in
short time; plain, steady man will find this
a chance worth taking. 25 Geary st. rm. 4.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U-
S. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recmitina;
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young" maa
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruo-
tlon; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College, 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shops and rooming-houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemlte Towel
Supply Co., 70S McAllister; phone Kate "26.
WANTED— Man and wife with $150 for m!U»
depot; $60 month. BROWN, 1221 Market
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoe»s
size 5 to 12. MCDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
GOOD young man on floor for carriage and
wagon blacksmlthlng. 823 Harrison st
BARBERS — $15 buys 2 chairs and poles. 1T3
Minna st. room 12.
WANTED — Flrst-class shoemaker on rep* trtna
at 402 Post at
WANTED — Frst-class barber; good wa_as|
j steady. 41 Sutter st
LABORERS Bhipped - free to Nevada. if
Steuart st, Co-operative Employm. 't Bureau.
COATMAKER wanted, to work In store; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st
SOLDERERS. boys and girls. Apply Americas
Can Co., factory, 7th and Townsend sts.
WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Coy
WANTED — Man who understands the florist
business. 600 Halght st
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade,
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c wp; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25<j
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half,
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; fre«
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptiona has been established at 1084
Valencia st _^ .»
SORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Anctloneer.
FOR sale — One 2-seated carriage, canopy top.
brake; good for camping or country farm;
1 phaeton, buggy top. Call at or address
821 Pacific ave., Alameda, opposite Mastlck
station.
YOU can find what you want In the horse line
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
st. near Third; phone Main 1130.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived.
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
HORSE. $20; buggy, $15; harness. $3; doubts
harness, $12 50; tent complete, $10. 79 City
Hall ave.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse-
Exchange, 246 Third st.
Ban Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying ta
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate avo.
WANTED — Long-bodied wagon, suitable fo»
painters. C. E. Nettleton. 527 Jones, Oakland.
FOR sale— 1 horse, weight 1200 or 1300; 1
wagon. 3 spring: 1 buggy. 5935 Mission st
TWO second-hand business buggies; also top
road buggy. 1370 Turk st
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, bnckboard. sup.
rfy.harnesa.worlcdrivlng horeea. lBth&Valcnda.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp.
Ing wagon for sale cheap. $32 Mission »t
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB8EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GUERRERO. 1507, near 27th — 7 rooms an<|
bath; nice yard; stationary wash tubs; reas-
onable.
SHOTWELL, 703—7 rooms, bath, stable, large
yard: rent $25; water extra.
HOUSES TO LET— FTJRNISHED.
EXTRA fine residence for sale; or will rent
completely furnished; 9 large sunny rooms
with bath and laundry: large yard front and
back, with flowers and shrubbery; a very
fine home on Ashbury Heights. Inquire oa
premises. 729 Ashbury st.
FURN. or unfurn., not less than 1 year; or ¦will
sell at sacrifice: elegant home, 12 sunny nns.,
bath, two kitchens, adapted for two families ;
lot 80x114; garden; -fine view; reasonable;
Mission warm belt. 120 Liberty, near 20th.
FURNISHED house. 2 months; 8 rms.. modern.
. comfortable: piano; phone: Ashbury Heights.
WM. GORDON GRIFFITH. Hearst bldg.
HOUSES TO LET — COUNTRY.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 room*,
bath: furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 7S Geary.
FURNISHED HOUSES— COUNTRY.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable; at San. Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D. Apply to
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery st. or
ALEX. BOUICK. San Anselmo. ¦-
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Saturday. June 7. purse containing
check on Nevada National Bank $165 $13
gold, small silver, trunk key. $10 reward re-
turn Nevada National Bank.
LOST— At Chutes Sunday. June 8. a black
purse, small amount of money, key and
papers. Return to 076 Pine st. ; reward.
LOST— Fox terrier and spitz puppies. Reward
for their return to 2004 Pierce st.
LOST— Diamond locket on Devlsadero st • in-
Itlals J. E. D. Reward 2918 Washington »t.
IT will pay to "Remfember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, ex.; repairing
lowest *rates: phone Howard 3264. US Sixth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv- E*- 571 -
GOLDEN "WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st;,tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfass.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Oo»-
Bany, 2320 FUlmore st; phoa* J**" 0 * "*•
_ . HELP WASTED—MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5343
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
. 634-636 Clay St
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY.
SHIP R. R. MEN.
NEVADA.
SALT LAKE DIVISION.
ARIZONA. '
SANTA FE AND S. P. R. R. CO.'S WORK.
$1 FEE; no other expenses to the above work.
FARE IS FREE.
SHIP DAILY. „ _.
740 teamsters, two and four horse, $2 to $2 so
a datfgp
873 ; JaDofers, $2 to $2 25; 50 car dumpers,
175 concrete laborers, $2 25; scraper holders;
• drillers, rockmen, hammersmen
ABOVE MEN WANTED AT
(FREE FARE)
Salt Lake Division. Rokeby. Moleen, Iron
Point, Battle Mountain, Palisade. Vista,
Reno. Delta. Wadsworth, Elko, Fenelon,
Wells, Carlin
• i ARIZONA
20 teamsters, 2 blacksmiths, camps.. $60 & fd
.... SANTA FE CO.'S WORK
75 laborers to work in section, steel ballast;
4 extra gangs, $1 75 day.... FREE FARE
....Get Our Daily Lists, Heady at 7 a. m
— TO THE MOUNTAINS
SAWMILLS WOODS YARD3
Healthy climate where the timber grows....
WE PAY YOUR FARE."
227 men for different mills In Mendoclno Co..
fare paid; wages $30 to $60 .and found; no
experience ...;
69 laborers for lumber company. Sonoma Co.,
Bee bosses here; no experience required. $30,
?35,. $40 and found
- 132 men to pile lumber, work In mills and
yards and make themselves useful for dif-
ferent companies in Shasta, Placer, San Ma-
teo, Trinity, Nevada and other counties;
wages. $30 to $75 and found
6 log loaders, see boss here, $55 and found;
10 jack sere were, $45; 3 setters, see boss
here, $90, and all classes of skilled sawmill
and woods help wanted
MINES AND LABORERS
.Daily list ready, 7 a. m
•7 miners for ' different mines, north and
•outh Wages $2 50. $2 75 and $3 day
50 laborers for one of the largest mines in
CaL; no experience required; you'll suit....
Wages $40 to $52 and found
20 laborers for a good mine, south... $60
44 drillers, rockmen and powdermen
379 laborers for different work In and near
the city... $2, $2 25 day and $30 and $40 & fd
Get our daily list
MECHANICAL CARPENTERS
8 carpenters for Nevada, rough work, fare
returned, $90
4 carpenters, company work, country, $3 50
day
Second engineer, gasoline launch, $75 and
found; cooper, oil company, coun-
try, $40 and found; granite mason.
$5 day; 10 blacksmiths, shops and camps,
$2 50 to $3 50; woodworker, camp, $45 and
found; wagonmaker, camp, city, good job;
jack man, steam shovel; patternmaker. $3 50
to $4 day; 47 positions for other mechanics;
young man with some experience at stone-
cutting
MISCELLANEOUS
Coachman, near city. $30 and found; boy to
, learn machinist trade; 3 laborers, city fac-
tory, $2 a day
Young man to learn creamery business; 12
etablemen, city and country. $30. $35 to $GO
and found; 3 milkers, Nevada, fare paid, $35
and found; laborers for brick yard; brick
wheelers; sheep herder, $30 and found; buggy
washer, $60; harness cleaner, $60
. '. MARRIED HELP
Man and wife, private place.. $40 and found
Man and wife. Santa Clara Co... $40 & found
Farmer and wife, see boss here.. $45 & found
Milker and wife, see boss here.. $45 & found
AGRICULTURAL DEPT.
FARMS i DAIRIES
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
10 hay balers: big wages I
6 men for. hay fields, large ranch, $40 and
found, long job
283 men to work in hay and harvest fields
in all counties
..$1 25, $1 50 and $2 day and found
Farm hands for steady job on fruit farms
and vineyards $30 and $35 and found
4 sheepherders, $30 and found ; 45 choremen
and choreboys, private places and ranches;
3 milkers, Nevada, fare paid, see boss here,
$35 and found; 68 milkers, city and country.
$30, $35 and $40 and found
HOTELS BUTCHERS
BAKERS ....KITCHEN HELP
Cook, officers' mess, mine company, $60 and
found; cook, small camp near city, $35 and
found; butcher, small country shop, $35 and
found; camp cook, city, $50 and found; sec-
ond, cook, country. $50 and found; cook,
country hotel, near city, $40 and found; 11
other cooks; 2 bread bakers. $45 and found;
second baker, cakes, $45 and found; head
waiter, country hotel, $35; 25 waiters, city
and - country hotels, $30 to $40 and found ;
butcher, country shop, $40 and found; 25
kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc.; 3 camp
waiters, mines ; 2 dishwashers, camp, $25 and
found ..'.....
Dally List Ready 7 a. m
Call and Get One _...
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— 6 DRILLERS, city Jobs. $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
" AGENCY. %
69 Sd St., near Call bldg-.; phone Bush 405.
....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free Fare Free Fare
Office fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100-rock men $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE.... FREE FARE
Mendoclno County Big Sawmill
50 railroad laborers. .$26 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
FOR SAWMILL
10 lumber pliers.... $40 per month and board
Pond man $60 per month.
Plumber's helper $55 per month
HAY HANDS HAY HANDS
20 hay hands, big ranch, $1 25 per day and
board
10 men for haying. $1 25 to $1 50 per day and
board
Milker, 21 cows, $32 50 per month and board
3 milkers $35 per month and board
5 experienced women to pack fruit..
Woodturner, city mill $3 50 per day
LABORERS— BIG CITY JOB
25 men. board at home. $2 per day
Man and wife — man haul water, $1 80 per
day, wife to cook" 9 men. $30 per month; 2
ranch hands, $35 per month and found; Jap
cook, ranch, 4 persons, no washing, $30 per
month; woman with one child to cook for 8
persons on ranch. $25 per month; 2 sack sew-
ers, harvester, $2 per day.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, nn. 12.
Head waiter, $40; bell boy. $17 50; steam
laundryman, $40; colored waiter, $30; wait-
ers, $30; assistant hotel clerk. $20.
FIRST-CLASS butler, $50: also second butler.
$40; steady places. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st., nr. Powell.
WANTED— Master sallmaker. $5 04 per diem.
A competitive examination of applicants will
be held for the above position June 17. 1902.
For application and additional Information
address "Commandant Navy Yard. Mare
Island, Cal." WILLIAM H. MOODY. Sec-
retary of the Navy.
SALESMAN and stock clerk for hotel and
bakery, tinware and household goods In a
large city store; state experience and wages
expected. Box 364, Call."
$75 — WANTED — Steady man as partner In
cigar store and laundry office; good transient
trade: full value in stock given: cheap rent
Particulars, cigar factory. 257 4th,nr.Folsom.
WANTED — Office boy; good opening for . a
bright boy of 15. with wholesale house.
EASTMAN KODAK CO.. ft*5 Market st
RESTAURANTS — Walters; cooks, oyesterman:
dishwashers; porters; no fee. 526 Montgom-
ery st. :¦;>. ,••,.¦
"WANTED — Entry clerk; permanent position;
\good salary. WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723
\Market Bt - ¦
FIRST-CLASS- underpressers on vests; steady
job. 230% Ninth st
BOY to learn harness and saddlery trade. 1283
Folsom st.
STEADY waiter wanted. Apply Troy Hotel,
500 Twentieth at, Potrero.
DISHWASHER wanted at 310 Montgomery st ;
. experience necessary. '
BARBER wanted. 39% Turk st; $14. ___V_
WANTED — Young man. German, aa porter In
wholesale house. Apply 320 Front st. -
WANTED — Strong boy: steady position. B.
BLUMENTHAL & CO.. 25 Battery st
MAN to help In kitchen; moderate wages. 2759
Mission st.
YOUNG man as salesman In gent's furnishing'
goods. 535 Valencia st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted; call early. 16 Mar-
ket st.
SHOEMAKER for repairing. 345 Third st
LUNCH waiter wanted, 50c. 1224 Point Loboa
avenue. _^ - ¦
DISHWASHER wanted; $15 and found. 12**4
'Point Lobos ave.
WANTED — Bootblack. Oak Barber Shop 111
Ellis at. ;
WANTED— To sell the agency of California
for a good seller. R. L. FLYNN. 5 Mason st.
BOARDING-HOUSE waiter wanted.^ 2021 Fol-
som st.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays! 37
Eddy St.
STEADY Job for flrst-class wagon blacksmith-
none other need apply. Call from 7 to 9 n*
m.. 345 Jersey st. •
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs; good location-
T *°COr«1*How25T Patera. LARKEN
__ HELP JWAKTED— - ra^LE--CoB_^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DERARTMEN.T.
Waitress, springs, Sonoma Co.'. .'.«... ....$25
•2 waitresses, Lake Co., party here Mon-
day, 2 p. m.. .....$20
4 waitresses, same commercial hotel $25
2 head waitresses, summer, resorts $30
2 chambermaids to, wait, summer resorts. $20
Waitresses, Sonoma. Alameda, Stockton,
Madera, San Mateo, Salinas, Arizona,
Marysville, San Jose, Santa Cruz... $20, $25
Chambermaids, -city and country- -$15, $17 50
Waitress, , coffee parlor. y~ . . . .$30
Chambermaid to wait, party here II a. m.
Monday .......$20, $25
I Laundress, country hotel... $25
¦ FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, for men only, $20, fare here; woman
with a child, country, fare paid, $15; young
girl assist housework, nice small American
family, good home, $10-$ 12; house girl, Capi-
tola, two in family, $20, fare paid; house
girl, ranch, Sacramento Co., $20; all fares
paid to country places and many places for
house girls, second girls, nurse girls, cooks,
others. . >si
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...429 Bush st
(Opposite California Hotel, between Kearny
¦ ¦ ¦ at. and Grant ave.)
A COOK to cook for five gentlemen and gen-
¦ tlemen visitors, middle-aged woman; to go
to Guatemala; $30; see parties here; fare
paid. . ¦ .
Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO... 429 Bush st
(Opposite California Hotel, between Kearny
'¦¦-¦- ' Bt. and Grant ave.) .
SCOTCH, French and American cooks; French
maid and seamstress; English and French
nurses for grown children; infant's nurse,
end a number of girls for second and house-
work. -ANDRE'S Employment Office, 316
Stockton st
COOK. San Mateo, two in family, $30; cook
and second girl. Mill Valley, $30 and $25; a
nursegirl to travel, $20; housegirl, $30;
- housekeeper, \ $25 ; woman to cook for 5 men,
,$25; ranch cook, $25; seamstress, $25. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter St. ,
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS' & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS and a number of bright girls will
be taken for Instruction on overalls, with a
stated amount guaranteed to beginners.
Standard Shirt Factory, , cor. Gough and
Grove sts. '
LADY compositor -wanted ; steady; state expe-
rience and wages. H. ELDRIDGE. 993 Fifty-
elghth St.. Oakland. .
A NEAT and steady girl for general house-
work, cooking and small washing; wages
$22 50. 1009 Dolores st., nr. Twenty-third.
WANTED — German or Jewish woman to help
cooking. I 211 Eddy st, in Hungarian Res-
taurant. •
FEMALE help — Experienced tailors on custom
coats; well paid;' steady work. 214 Seventh.
YOUNG girls, help on skirts; paid while learn-
ing; 3 days. 422 Fifth ave., Richmond. '>
A GIRL for general housework. 608 Franklin
st. bet. McAllister and Golden Gate aye.
A GIRL wanted in a bakery and coffee parlor
with experience, at 127 Fifth st. -
TALENTED amateur i performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; hairdressing.
manicuring, -massage, hairwork taught in 2
weeks; price $4 50; employment guaranteed;
class day and evening. 238 Geary, nns. 13-15.
WANTED— Lady agents in every town to In-
troduce the best seller on earth; entirely new
and success guaranteed; write at ence.
Globule Medical Co., 426 Kearny st., S.F.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
hairdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College, 635 Clay st
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position In stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.: 2
weeks $5: day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
OPERATORS, experienced; also learners, paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS' Muslin
Underwear Factory, 597 Mission St., cor. 2d.
EXPERIENCED operators ,oji wool and silk
waists; apprentices to' sew on buttons; good
pay. San Francisco Mfg. Co., 523 Market st
WANTED — First-class sewers on ladles' skirts
and shirt Waists; best pay. BAUER MFG.
CO.. corner Twenty-third and Mission sta.
I CAN place two energetic trustworthy women
into lucrative positions; business experience
necessary. Box 314. Call office.
OPERATORS and finishers on gent's white
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Bright woman to travel East for
six months. D., box 399. Call. ¦ - ¦
WANTED— Young jrlrl apprentice; ¦wages after
first two weeks. , Hair Store, 112 Eddy st.
GIRLS wanted. Apply BUSWELL CO. Book-
bIndery/536 Clay st. r-^-J
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work; Ger-
man preferred. 1018 Sutter st.
1ST-CLASS sewers on ladles' wrappers, skirts
etc., take work home. H. FriedlanRer, 338 Fell
GIRL to work In grocery store. 967 Howard
street. ' ' .
WANTED — Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
6 CO., 27 Geary st. . ¦ •
i WANTED — Reliable waitress for a ealoon;
usual commission. Apply 70 Jackson st.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
EON & CO., 535^ Market st. '
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. ' .
THOROUGH course In millinery, $1 per week;
day and even, class. ' 143 Stockton, room 13.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN. & CO.'S 429 Bush st
Between Kearny st. and Grant ave....
Opposite California Hotel
Free Fare Free Fare
.New Railroad Work
For Nevada... ..For Nevada For Nevada
Free Fare ', . .Free Fare Free Fare
. -.... We Ship To-Day....
To all points In State of Nevada on C. P.
; .'.reconstruction work.
500 teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
500 laborers $2 a day
.' 500 rockmen. ; . .$2 25 a day
500 concrete men $2 23 and $2 50 a day
200 scraper holders and loaders... $2 25 a day
10 machine men $3 a day
20 machine helpers .$2 50 a day
. ¦ Ship To- Day
.... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
200 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and outside
laborers. .$1 75 to $3 a day
» Ship To-Night ;
Free Fare. Free Fare
Bookkeeper and timekeeper with experience
in railroad camps
Carpet layer for country hotel. 53 a day and
found and fare paid both ways..:
50 laborers, country sawmill, $2 and $2 75
a day; 20 lumber pliers, country, $35 and
.' found; 100 laborers, near city, $2 a day; 10
. men for haying, near city, $1 60 a day and
found; 6 blacksmiths, country, $3 a day;
R 20 milkers, country, $30 and $35; milk wagon
"driver, $40; 20 farmers, $25 to $35; stable-
C e n, choremen and others -. .
**•....... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
h ,6 cooks, country hotels, $60. $50 and $40;
cook and wife, summer resort, $75 to $80;
baker, summer resort, $40; 10 waiters, coun-
try hotels. $35. $30 and $25; night cook,
. railroad camp, $40 and free fare: head waiter.
$35; pantryman. $3$ same country hotel; 6
second cooks, fryers and broilers, $60 to $70;
20 sllvermen, pantrymen, potwashers, dish-
washers and kitchen hands for hotels and
restaurants, resorts and springs, $30, $35
and $20; ...:.......
Polisher, $55; starcher, $55; 2 plain laundry-
men, $30 .;
...Male Entrance, 12 Berry St.. ......
C. R. HANSEN. & CO 429 Bush st.
A— PAC. EMPLOYMENT AG'CY 638 Clay st
Phone Main 1191
.50 railroad men for Contra Costa County.
. S. P. Co.'s own work, ship to-day; 100 rail-
road men. S. "P. Co.'s own work. ...........
Free fare ..... Coast Division Fee $1
500 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen and
steam shovel dumpers. .$2 25 to $2 50 per day
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, Battle Mountain.
Vista, Telegraph Point and Carlin.. Fee $1
32 laborers for mines, north. $2 per day
45 laborers and miners, south.. $2 to $2 50 day
15 quarrymen. free fare. ...... .$2 per day
4 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co. . . $2 50 cord
2 men to; clear land, Santa Cruz County...?
.'...'. '- .$30 per acre
7 tanbark men for Wlllits... .$45 and found
14; men for Napa County $2 per day
5 tie swampers $35 and found
3 tie sledders $40 and found
7 tlemakers ................12c to 18c
30 men. city work .............. $2 per-day
3 milkers." country, see boss here. .... .'. .$35
5 boys, factory work... .$6 to $7 50 per week
5 teamsters," near city $2 per day
4 carpenters ......... ... .$3 50 per day
7 waiters .......$20 to $40 and found
9 cooks-.. $25 to $60 and found
6 dishwashers $18 to $25 and found
Many other positions. Call : and read our
bulletins. " We ' are strictly reliable ' and will
- treat; the laboring men white.
Remember,: we ship to Nevada to-day. s
MAN wanted for light work; also two men to
' work on a ranch, $1 25 a day. MRS NOR-
¦¦ TON. 313 Sutter st. , j "
MAN and wife, small ranch. ¦ $50. ApdIy to
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. - .
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
Until 12 o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. 1
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9p.HL
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery *
JCo. 16. K. T.. 625 Sutter st. — The TaJa"
meeting announced in our bulletin for K_j
this evening has been postponed. Ww
R. B. MOORE, Km. Com. /-; w v
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal r»
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. ,_f\_
M. M. degree.
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. / V >
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. *~
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY. (MON- Jfk
DAY). June i\ 1902. at 7::0 o'clocli l£_»
p. m.\ Degree 1. By order of the #^r "
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and ¦»
A. M.. 1839 Fillmore Ft— First degree __5%_
THIS EVENING at 7 :'M o'clock. mL2?
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary. /Vl
TO Officers and Members Court Eclipse __•
No. 14, F. of A. : You are hereby no- <?f
tified to assemble at the California Un- J0\
dertaking Company, 4U5 Powell st., &_3
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY), at 1 p. m. sharp,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother, FRED REAMER. By order
of Chief Ranger, JOHN R. MATHESON.
CHAS..E. ROYER, Financial Sec
KOT1CE of meeting of stockholders for pur-
pose of voting on issue of bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
ward building, corner of California and Mont-
gomery ets., San Francisco, Cal. April 2S.
1802. — Notice is hereby given that pursuant
to a resolution of the board of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 2Sth day of April, 1902," at a
regular meeting of said board duly held in
the city and county of San Francisco, State
cf California, whereat more than three-
fourths of the directors of said board were
present and voted, a meeting of the stock-
holders of eaid corporation will be held at
the office and principal place of business cf
said corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
Hayward building, corner cf Montgomery
and California streets, in the city and county
ef'San Francisco, State of California, eaid
building being the building where the board
Of directors of eaid corporation usually meet,
and eaid place being the place in said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of July, 1902. at 11 o'clock a. m., for the
object and purpose of then and there con-
sidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said As-
sociated Oil Company. In the sum of five
million dollars, payable in United States gold
. coin, and to secure said bonded indebtedness
I to proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon, or deed of trust of all the property
cf Eaid corporation now owned or hereafter
to be acquired by it during the life or term
of eaid mortgage or deed lof trust By order
of the board of directors Associated Oil Com-
pany.
(Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretory.
ANNUAL Meeting. — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the effie of
the company, S27 Market st. San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
1902, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
eerve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A, GIBSON. Sec
Office, 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday. June 2, 1002, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday. June 9. 1!K)2, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sam Ahtye, in the Secret Dig-
gings Mine, near Laporte, Plumas County.
CaL, to deposit tailings In worked out pit
draining into Clark or Slate Creek, and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. Ekel, in the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana, Ama-
dor County, Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked
out pit draining into Mokelumne River, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
S6, Flood Building. San Francisco. Cal.. on
June 16. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GOOD chance for experienced agents. Apply
at once. Royal Portrait Co.. 143 Seventh st.
ATTORNEYS AT^UW.
B. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a speclalty^qulck, quiet;
no charge without success; established It) yrs.
O. W. HOWE, S50 Market 6t, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Dayidson, 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEX, attorney at law. Rooms
809-10-11. Clunle bldg.. 503 California st
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st
L. 8. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket 8t: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sal* or Exehaaite.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 805 Market 1968 to 1974 Page.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $750; PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; article sold in tvery grocery store;
big money in sight Call U. G. WILKE,
26 gearny st
A — $250; OYSTER and chop house on Larkin
et; rent $16; good location and good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A — $650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
¦with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $550; CANDY, ice cream and notion store,
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a splendid loca-
tion and good paying business in Western Ad-
dition. See R. G. "WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $500; CORNER grocery and bar, with liv-
ing-rooms; rent $12; best location on Leav-
enworth st. ; good paying. Call R. G
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
AJ2C50; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent $75; a first-class paying business
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
FINE delicacy business; will clear $5000 per
year 54000
Delicacy and bakery; home cooking; good
trade and location; low rent.. $1000
Branch bakeries and delicacy stores from
$100 up. '.;
Butcher business on corner south of Mar-
ket et j $325
Good paying cigar stand on Hayes ct...$400
Cigar stand near Market Bt; cheap at. .$300
Baloon in tenderloin district doing good
trade $2000
Saloons in manufacturing district and in
business district from $500 to $3000.
Grocery on Church st. : cheap rent; only.. $300
Groceriee and bars in different parts of city
£rom $300 to $4000. EITEL & CARROLL,
1032 Market Et, rooms 2 and 3.
HOTEL. In Point Richmond; full of boarders*
eickness cause of eale; a snap for $1200.
Roadhouse In Alameda Co.; large grounds*
•well patronized; $2000.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; In less than
five months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends aa his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10- divi-
dend for week ending June 7/ $4 8S- write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION suite
615. Emma Spreckelc building.
A— WE buy, sell or exchange all kinds of busi-
ness. STRAND & CO., 78 Third st
A — $300 — SALOON; good trade; full value- 3
rooms; rent $15. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third.
A — $150 — BRANCH bakery and delicacy store -
rent $10; 3 rooms. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third!
A — 20 CIGAK etores, 15 restaurants, 100 lodg-
Ing-houses. For bargains see STRAND &
CO.. 78 Third Et ,
A— P. 6. DE LUCA & CO.. Kearny sti
phone Red 4840. has the following bargains:
$250. partner, cashier, restaurant daily re-
ceipts. $25; $450. restaurant 25 tables 100
chairs, a enap; $600, ealoon. Sixth st. rent
f2S, bargain; branch bakeries, all prices dif-
ferent parts city; cash customers waiting at
ocr office.
A — $200 — Money-making b. bakery,3 rms., $12 r.
$125 — Delicacy, grocery, bakery, 4 rms., $15 r.
S300 — Candy, stationery, notions, 3 rms.,$20 r.
1250 — Variety etore, 2 rooms, $15 rent.
Ask Hedges, 4C1-462 Parrott bldg., 825 Market
A — SO eigar etands, prices $75 to $2000; rents
$6 to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7 daily. Abk
C. L. Bedges. 4C1-462 Parrott bldg.. £25 Mkt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES— *Contin_efl
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help.; 624 Bush st ; tel. Bush 516. ;
JAP reliable housecleaning. cooks/ waiters on
; short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. FeU 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all- kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188. j
EMPLOYMENT v WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT. . refined woman desires position
to take care of home during summer months
' In- absence of owner; references. Box 365,
Call; office. . ..
"WANTED— By experienced nurse, position in
confinement case; one who has doctor's ref-
erences; good to children. Box 367, Call.
AN EXPERIENCED, reliable young English
woman desires re-engagement, attend con-
finements, nurse sltflc, charge of invalid;
charges reasonable; personal and written ref-
erences given. 1214 A Mason St., phone Clay
¦ .217/ ¦ .. ¦--..¦• '
SITUATION wanted by a competent Danish
girl to do' second work; best of references.
Box 4289, Call office. Oakland. -
A YOUNG English lady, with good education,
wishes position in doctor's or business of-
tice; moderate salary. Address L-, 23< 11th.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing, housecleanlng or, sewing;
$1 50 per day. 148 Sixth st. room 22.
YOUNG lady, just graduated from business
college, desires position as bookkeeper and
cashier. Address K., 615 Larkin st.
A SITUATION a3 housekeeper or care , for
- rooming-house by woman of experience. Ad-
dress 933 Mission - st.
GERMAN woman wishes to do laundry work
at her own home; special attention paid to
flannel and delicate colored pieces. 149 4th..
OFFICE position by lady; rapid and accurate
In figures. Address B., box 75, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to ?6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. :_
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. ' - - . .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GERMAN and wife; man flrst-class cook;
woman understands all kinds of work; can
take full charge of hotel or boarding-house;
references. 'Address or telephone* to MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. i
WANTED — Position by experienced coachman;
good driver; good wages expected. Box 363,
Call office. ; -
POSITION wanted by a young, handy man,
willing to work. Box 366. Call office.
BY young man as" coachman or man about
place; good references. Address box 368. Call.
STEADY, sober, experienced man wants posi-
, tion in country as coachman; thoroughly
understands driving, care of horses, cows,
gardens, carriages and harness. Call or 'ad-
dress Coachman, 712 Fourteenth st, ! S. F.
A STEADY reliable man, two years in present
position, desires work in wholesale or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
fair wages. Box 393, - Call office.
MAN with good recommendations and expe-
rience as clerk and storekeeper in Q. M.
Dep't, U. S. Army, desires position. Box
396. Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener, to take charge of big
place, either private or commercial; single;
good references. Address G. D.,box 272, Call.
PRACTICAL engineer and machinist wishes
position as engineer; city or country. Box
316, Call. ¦ '
A NEWSPAPER printer and ad man desires
steady employment; city or country; temper-
ate and reliable. Box 317, Call office.
AN Industrious and straight man, German and
English speaking, wishes a position as car-
riage driver or gardener. Box 321, Call.
AN experienced boy wants position in drug
store to assist his boss; can speak German,
French and English. Box 318, Call. .
RELIABLE colored man wishes position as por-
ter, waiter, watchman; good reference. Ad-
dress DTRAPER, 1013 Powell st.
YOUNG man would like porter work or drive
delivery. Address C. H., 529 Noe st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at , 1096
Valencia.' Bt - * '" '- ,
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
eold ; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 826 Post.
NOTICE TO FRUIT-GROWERS— Ship your
early fruit and potatoes direct to Fanners'..
Union. Seattle, Wash.
WOULD like to borrow $5500 on good security.
Box 355. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1166 EIHs St., sunny side, modern in every
way, 8 rooms and bath. $50. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market st.
VAN NESS, 2414— New 7-room flat, $45; 3855
Clay St.. 7 rooms, modern. $40. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. .
4 roms. Page st $15(8 rooms. tTackson st.$35
5 rooms Central a\% 20IPolk & Clay. 7 rms. 50
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
A CONVENIENT to downtown; flat of 5
rooms and bath; rent $27 50: 1219 Geary st.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
A — TWO cozy 4 and 5 rooms, bath, down-
town, $21 and $23; put in order to suit 316
and 318 Myrtle ave., near Franklin st
$37 50 — MODERN sunny flat of 7 rooms, bath,
attic and basement 1428 Green St., near Van
Ness ave. •
CARL, 256, near Stanyan, 7 rooms; new,
. cheap; basement and yard.
HARRISON, 665 — Upper flat. 4 eunny rooms
and bath; no children.
NEW flat to let; 6 rooms and bath. 1702B
Sacramento st., near Polk.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO let — Furnished flat of 6 rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock at 79 South Park.
FLAT — Furnished and single rooms. 800 Lyon
St., cor. Golden Gate ave.
FURNISHED flat 4 rooms; Golden Gate view.
1233 Vallejo St., third door from Hyde car.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517 — 4 rms.:bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
COMMODIOUS, sunny, corner 7-room flat; ele-
gantly furnished. 1800 Sutter st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE^
FURNITURE of 6 rooms; modern sunny flat;
must be sold by Monday; owner at premises.
1404 Folsom St.; call from 9 to 11; no dealers.
FINE furniture of modern flat for sale; flat
for rent very cheap. 3983 Twenty-fifth st., nr.
Sanchez; call to-day. "
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. 7 .
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market'
A FINE lot of mahogany furniture for sale
cheap. 313 Twenty-seventh st. near Church.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S.. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773. Mission st, pays highest
' price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FUR KIT URE AND M ATTRE SSES..
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st. ; tel. Bush 421. ¦¦---.'
GLOVES.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO waitresses for the springs, $20 each; two
waitresses for commercial •• hotel, $25 each.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St., nr. Powell.
A CHAMBERMAID for flrst-class city hotel,
$20 with room. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st., ¦ nr. Powell.
A GIRL for cooking and general- housework
for 2 in family, in city, $25. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell..
A GERMAN nurse for 2 children, $20;, a cook
for small boarding-house, city, , $30; a nurse
for one child, $15: 10 hotel waitresses for ho-
." tels at springs, $25; a cook for six men, $23;
s. parlormaid and waitress, $30; a waitress
and second girl, $30.; MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Butter St., nr. Powell. . ¦¦¦ .
TWO : head waitresses, 1 city, 1 resort, $35.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary, et
TWO waitresses, same springs, $25; 2 wait-
resses, mountain resort,""' $25; 3 waitresses,
• Lake County, fare both ways, $20; 25 wait-
resses, commercial and ' city, $25 - and $20;
restaurant waitress In - Mission, choice place,
$8 week,, 1 day. off ; waitress, bakery, $35.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st-
./.¦ \ .. ¦ ¦
CLAIRVOYANTS. ' - "¦ ¦ , "
PROTT~PAUL~Dl:STiNE. - •
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
.PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life. His Information and advice
on marriages, dlvprce, separations, love ¦ and
family affairs, business transactions, mining:,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, | settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled the
physician's skill cured without medicine;
there is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught. Mediumlstic Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
326 O'FARRELL STREET .. 326
STRANGE POWERS.
ORIENTAL CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST.
LYONS. LYONS. LYONS. -
Thousands have consulted her miraculous
powers during the past week, and their testi-
mony is a living witness to the soundness of
her advice. Valuable mines have been located
through her interpretation of dreams. MME.
LYONS.. the Oriental seeress, reunites families,
aids despondent lovers and gives you a mes-
meric handkerchief, gives you spirit pictures of
your friends or relatives, the mightiest medium
of the many mediums giving advice, insuring;
business success as well as domestic happiness,
speculation, investment, love, courtship, mar-
riage and divorce, and causes Fpeedy marriages
with the one you love. All you who have been
humbugged by pretenders, don't give up in de-
spair, for MME. LYONS Is the most reliable of
all the so-called clairvoyants. Consult her ero
the star of your dTstiny declines before the
darkness of despair. Her Oriental charms are
proof against all evil Influences; secure one to-
day. Letters with stamp answered. Cut this
out. as it does not appear daily; hours 10 to 5
daily; Sundays. 11 to 1.
MME. J. J. LYONS,
1016 Market St.. 1016; also 11 Eddy st.
Remember the address. ..
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
, Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are-fn trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory aa
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth. 1
A — 25c — SPECIAL $1 reading one week for 25c;
1 clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally.
1010 MlBsion St.. near Sixth. -
MME. POR.TER. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles50c,
*gents$l ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
, ARRIVED— ARRIVED. ~~~~ '
PALMEBO, the Wonder, clairvoyant and palm-
ist has arrived and is now located at 993 Mar-
ket; office 4; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. daily.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. , What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. J.
MYERS, postofflce box 2224, San Francisco.
MBS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
1 MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor st, clairvoyant^
1 crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m.to 8 p.m.
ADVICE on love and all business affairs; read-
1 Ings daily. MME. J. J. LYONS, 1016 Mar-
ket st, rms. 8-9; hrs. 10-5 dally; Sun., 11-1.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. '704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high, psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
MRS. S. EHRN, clairvoyant and palmistry,
25c up. 1427 Ellis St.. near Buchanan.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TO let — Furnished cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
in Frultvale. For particulars Inquire at ticket
office. Fruitvale Station. Box 332. Call.
v \ DENTISTS^ _______
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F. :
painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E
W. PERKINS. Pres., 969 Mission st, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
8 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 50c
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break; 1
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; 1
plates. $5. full set; all work )>ainless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. *
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FASHIONABLE dressmaker— MISS LAURA~"V\
CLARKE, 1123 Powell st; orders promptly
attended to.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ' '
E^TCATloTrAird^partment of this Young
Men's Christian Association — Day classes;
small classes or individual Instruction in
commercial, scientific and high school
branches; hours and terms may be arranged
with the educational director at the building.
Night school — Students are admitted at any
.time to the classes in -stenography, type-
writing, arithmetic,- bookkeeping, penman-
ship and steam engineering.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions In March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F.-Busi-
nets College, 12^0 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, Presi<Jtent Jordan or any
Etanford professor. Phelan building. ¦
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
¦ Gate Commercial College, -530 Golden Gate.
PIANIST (lady): good accompanist and sight
reader; desires engagements; pupils required.
2755 Bush st.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
et, for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
. nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mining, mecb.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlpns. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH lessons and translations at AIRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 723 Market st.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery st
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pitt man shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Caru8l. Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st
ARITHMETIC.* bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
! etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin. 'guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, "24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free. -
EMPLOYaiENT OFFICES.
ORFHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help.' 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 6072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.- ;- ¦
BCSINESS CHANCES— Continue*.
JOSEPH STUAUB. 850 MARKET ST.
Saloon, with 16 furnished rooms upstairs;
workingman'8 house; cheap rent; 5 yr. lease;
fine opportunity. • • • Bakery, baking
about 7 bbls dally; 3 wagons and 9 horses;
good store trade; will sell cheap or take
partner. *fi •_& •. Butcher shop in 1 the Mis-
sion; large trade; fine wagon and horse; ice
and smoke houses; 'will sell cheap on account
of departure. • • • Branch bakery on Va-
lencia st.; fine location; 5 living rooms; rent
$25. * • • Coffee Baloon and lunch parlor
In business part of city; no night or Sunday
work. • • • Cigar stand; good location,
opposite theater; fine fixtures; cheap rent;
lease. • • • Grocery and bar • on a good
corner; fine frssh stock; good business; living
rooms; cheap rent • • • Stationery, no-
tion and cigar store on Market st. ; a very
fine place for either a man or woman. • •
• Country peddling outfit complete; lull par-
ticulars of route will be given by owner; any
one with a small stock can clear over $200 a
month. • • • Restaurant, near Mission
et. ; fine place; owner wishes to go north;
rent only $15. • " • * . Saloon on Kearny st. ;
good day and night trade; rent $S0; lease.
• • ? Grocery and bar; corner on Geary
st: 4 living rooms; rent $20; 4 year lease:
good trade. • • • For particulars call on
JOSEPH STRAt?B. 850 Market st.
$350 — PARTNER wasted in^Market-st saloon;
clearing $150 a month. BROWN, 1221 Mar-
• ket st.
$175 — CIGAR store; clearing $75 month; living
room furnished. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Mar-
ket st .
$450— RESTAURANT on Market St.; clearing
$100 month; sickness. BROWN & CO., 1221
Market st. '
DENTISTS — A fine opportunity to secure a
good practice: fixtures complete; fine offices;
desirable location; owner leaving the city
and will consider a reasonable offer.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th.
PARTNER wanted with small capital in one
of the*best saloon propositions in San Fran-
cisco; must be willing to work. For partic-
ulars apply at 402 Kearny St., room 9. •
FOR sale — $75; bakery, confectionery and laun-
dry office, near a large school; 2 living rooms;
rent $14. Call at 805% Filbert st
MR. ROLFS, please call at 16 Geary St., 5:30
to G p. m.
RESTAURANT for sale. 310 Third st.
SPECIAL bargain — Saloon, worth $500, for
$300; must be sold at once; party going east
to look after real estate. . Call or add. H. S.,
602% Third St.; no agents.
$8500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
street, clearing $650 monthly net: whole or
half Interest; partner going to Europe; no
agents. Box 275, Call office.
$2000 — HEALTH resort boarding-house In hills.
Placer Co.; 22 acres; timber, house and tents
frnshd.; spring, well; 100 bearing fruit trees;
stables, 2 horses, wagon, cow, calf. 357, Call
BUTCHER shop at your price on easy terms;
fine fixtures; horse and cart; good cash trade.
Business Board Trade, 320 Pine st;
TEA, coffee and crockery store with large
route; in splendid location; with i 4 living
rooms. . M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE — Established 30 years; bakery; on
account of death. - Apply Call office.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dls^
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES JFOR , SALB.
A^CALL, ' WE~CAN r _uiT~"i*OU.'"
30 rooms; first-class; north of Market. .$2400
20 rooms ; clears $60 200
18 rooms; just listed 650
12 rooms ; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
29 rooms; north Market; clean* $100.... 1300
100 rooms: clears $600 9500
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN7"l206~Market st
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; eunny; gc-od renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner .-. 200
11 rooms; downtown: good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% P e r cent per month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market St.. upstairs, near Call Building.
A — big — free — list — at — my— office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market et— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS: country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 6000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 3500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st
A. CAMERON & CO.. " ~~ "
S50 Market st. nnd 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell,, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you: have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts
of city. Money loaned, 1^4 per cent
BARGAINS and many choice Investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times; faona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St., bet 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
SUNNY corner house, 17 rooms; Geary st:
rent $77 50: piano, silverware, fine furniture;
owner must sell; easy terms; genuine bar-
gain; $1700.
G. "W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
1C rooms; clears $40 $500
11 rooms; clears $30 $350
8 rooms;; clears $30 $300
And -other bargains. - 842 Howard Et
SNAP — $26C0; 30-room house: rent $65; $1500.
37-room house, rent $50; good furniture; first,
class location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st •
FLAT, 6 rooms; nicely furnished; all new; only
few doors from Market st; rent $30 per mo.;
will sell reasonable if taken at once. 11
Sixth et ; no agents.
10 ROOMS; ideal- transient house; regular
roomers net $52 a mo. over rent; good furni-
ture; rent ?50; must sell quick; sacrifice;
$600. Box 404, Call office.
A — $600; LODGING-HOUSE! 20 rooms. 30
beds; rent $20; best location on water front.
Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
HOUSE clearing $40 per month; newly fur-
nished; small payment down, . balance on
small installments. Inquire 320 Third st.'
LODGING-HOUSE, nicely furnished: rent $40;
worth $1000; clears $100 a month; sell for
$800. Call at 149 Fourth st
7f. ROOMS; best-paying transient Kearny-st.
lodging-house; 3 years' lease; no agents. Box
222. Call. -
WANTED — 3 good lodging houses from 15 to
50 rooms; must be cheap for cash. Address
box 998. Call office.
HOUSE clearing $60; will sell on the Install-
xnent plan. 841 A Howard st.
$175 — 7-ROOM house: good furniture; good lo-
cation. Inquire 765 Market, st.. room 2.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 723.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
ing. 1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH tt CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet .cleaning.
411-413 Powell st, phone Bush 42U t
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlnir Co.. 240 14th Bt.: teL Mission 74.
OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellls~str,~near~^ranklin,
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights, '80c; psychic seance Mon.. and Wed.
nights, 25c; readings dally; phone Polk 2456.
WYLLIE. photo medium; short stay longer;
bring camera and plates; come, skeptics. 309
Turk »t
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dlum. life reader; sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell et. nr. Gough; Ellis car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis ; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY* JTJNE 9; 1902.
11
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR S ALB.
REAL 'ESTATE FOR SALE
BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,
. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
630 Market Street.
Pierce and California — Double corner, 50x120,
with six neat modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th— Lot 25x100; fine view.
California St., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
houses, 6 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet frontage.
Geary st., opposite Hamilton square — House,
2 stories, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:6. ¦<
Eureka st. between 17th and 18th— Lot 50x
120, with one-story cottage, 7 rooms and. bath
and stable: $4000. —
Eureka St., between 17th and 18th — 3 flats, 7
and 8 rooms and bath and' 4 rooms and bath;
$6000.
O'Farrell. between Polk and, Van Ness— Lot
27:6x120 to' rear street, with 4 houses; well
rented. ' - '
Webster, between California and Pine— Lot
25x106:3: fine house, 9 rooms.
Post, between Octavia and Laguna^ — Lot
25:10x90.
Golden Gate ave., between Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath,
McAllister St., between Pierce and Scott —
Fine lot, 25x137:6. .
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro st. ; eaay terms If desired. .
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th— Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster — Lot
51x120, with six houses and flats; all rented.
Folsom, between 3d and 4th — Large lot; old
Improvements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel
or factory. ' > '
Fine residence In Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merritt — Magnificent view and large lot; 'or
sale or trade for city property.' "
Two lots In Halladay Map A; cheap.
Sanchez, bet. 14th and 15th— 25 to 50x100.
Cheap lots In - Bernal Homestead; $10 per
fiont foot; near Mission road.
Golden Gate ave., between Baker and Lyon
—Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
J. L. COOKE..26 Montgomery st..J. I* COOKE
San Francisco
...Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
Special Bargains. Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap. .
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
"purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE,
26 Montgomery et, San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address.
PRETTY new cottage for sale on easy terms; 4
rooms, bath, basement; unfinished rooms in
attic; lot 25x100; price $1700; Mississippi st,
near 25th. Also pretty new cottage on very
easy terms; 6 rooms; bath; basement; every
convenience; modern plumbing; lot 25x129,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; -Tenth ave.,
bet. J and K sts. ; price $2750. J. BASH-
FORD, 431 McAllister st. ¦
YOU will never secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
2 GOOD building lots, 50x100,' $250. Apply
31 S Twenty-seventh Bt
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY For Sale
AT your own figure; will positively be sold to
the highest bidder on or before 15th Inst.,
100 acres as a whole or In size tracts to suit;
take my advice, act at once and secure a
"snap" bargain as a wholo or the cream of
this ideally located tract of excellent land
at an unprecedented sacrifice, for it must be
sold at once, 30 acres of which is extra
choice creek bottom, dark sediment' loam;
perfect garden soil; adapted to alfalfa, ber-
ries, tomatoes, etc.. requiring no irrigation;
now cropped to corn; 60 acres valley loam
(no adobe), cropped to grain;- 10 acres low
hill, wooded with oak; no waste; creek forms
rear boundary; unsurpassed for vineyard or
orchard; Ideal land, location and climate for
poultry; a first-class -general farm; will take
. less than half what adjoining land can be
bought for; located adjoining city limits, less
than half-mile from the depot, steamer land-
Ing, the i factories, the Immense canneries
and business center of Napa (5000 population;
46 miles from S. F.; best climate and surest :
" crops in the State).
Remember. I have listed with me and am
personally acquainted with every ranch for
sale in Napa County, so when going to ln-
Epect this land I'll show dozens of other
places to Judga and select from.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
1000 ACRES, near railroad, Sonoma County; !
well watered; fine stock, and grape land; ;
splendid improvements; otaly $9 per acre.
133 acres; one mile from railroad; suita-
ble for resort; $2500 cash, balance easy terms.
45 acres, all in bearing fruit; fine 7-room
house; tools, stock and all Implements; will
net 10 per cent; $6500.
80 acres near Cloverdale; good timber land;
$1000. )
11 acres near Mayfleld ; valley land; plenty
water: good Improvements; $1300; part cash, i
12 acres near Vacavllle; 9 acres In fruit;
all bearing; cheap for $1200.
Several small farms in Santa Cruz Mount-
ains; fruit and timber tracts In all parts of
State for sale and exchange.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market, rms. 2-3.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO '¦
. Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for
pamphlets and Information.
A BARGAIN — For sale or exchange for city
property, good country road house; must be
sold on account of owner leaving city. Apply •
on premises, San Leandro and Yoakum ave.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties: land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg..
San Francisco.
Write Wells, Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains In fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America, — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the-
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. '
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CHICKEN ranch; fully equipped; near city-
all poultry; horse, bu§gy. furniture, etc.;
exchange for lodging-house or good restaur-
ant; $1200. / - •
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st, between 5th and 6th.
$5000 — FOR sale, near Haywards. 10-acre fruit
farm, modern improvements; would exchange
for Improved residence property and some
money, In San Francisco or Oakland. Owner,
2926 Sixteenth st, San Francisco.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches In Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. A'gua Callente. Sonoma Valley.
REAL ESTATE "WANTED.
WANTEIM-To rent, a ranch on shares In coast
county; not far from schoolhouse; will pay
cash for necessary stock, seed and farming
tools. Address Farmer, box 371, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
* TfJ.
FOR sale, rent or exchange — An elegant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain'
$4000.
Must be sold; a large 8-room house; lot 60x
150; near Chestnut st. station. See the above
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY, 1500 Park st. Alameda.
MODERN cottage of 5 large rooms and bath,
mantel, hall, 7-foot' basement, good brick
foundation, fruit trees and fine lawn; corner
lot, 56x125; street work all done and etone
walks laid; sunny frontage; choice location.
For particulars apply to owner, 1925 Park st,
Alameda. ' - ' -¦ ¦ ¦ "
ALAMEDA ROOMS. .
1 OR 2 furnished rooms In Alameda; convenient
to trains; board, "or 4">c? Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BKBKEt.KY; REAL ESTATES. ¦
STOP PAYING RENT. " ' ~~"
OWN YOUR OWN HOME;
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
where you please, build according ' to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association Is the easiest
and best plan ever. Introduced to the public.
See our tables and convince yourself; only $8
per month pays for your home; no Interest
Home office at 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley
Branch office Lorin P. L O.. and room 39. Ne-
vada- block, San Francisco. W. • C. MORAN
secretary and manager. Agents wanted. '
WANTED — An offer; splendidly, built house
¦ of 12 rooms; cemented basement; large attic-
house coBt $9000; 1 year old; lot 70x160; must
be sold. ¦ i • . -
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate '
' - ¦ Berkeley station. ,
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDQCK. 514 Pine!-
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent*
choice property, a specialty. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
BERKELEY summer board; . choice location;
attractive private home; references.' Box
I 323. Call office.' ...
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Southern Oakland lot, near electric
i railway; owner must sell; no agents. ' I. O.
1 U.. box 322, Call. : ' .
10 HOUSES for sale, I with large lots, from
$800 to $25,000. E. E. BUNCE, 952 Broad-
way. Oakland. ¦ • ' - : '
OAKLAND FgR W ITUR-B^JFOia. ,8 ALB.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
ECHEIXHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A~QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts. .'-.¦•'" • . '
FIFTH, 353—2 connecting rooms, 2 beds, kitch-
en and bath, $20; 2, $15; 1, $8; furnished.
FILLMORE 2219, nr. Clay— 5 sunny furnished
rooms bath, nice yard ; housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1202^ — Sunny alcove fur-
nished room, kitchen; gas range; bath.
HOWARD, 528— Housekeeping rooms to let.
HOWARD, 649 — 1 or 2 furnished front rooms
for housekeeping, with bath.
JUNIPER, 2, off Folsom, bet. Tenth and Elev-
enth — 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
bath; $6. .-..- — .• ¦¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦ . '
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front house-
keeplng and single rooms, 75c and $1 week.
MISSION, 1516 — Two sunny front connecting
rooms, furnished complete for' housekeeping.
OAK, 117 — Sunny newly furnished suites, sink,
gas range, bath, laundry; phone; adults.
OCTAVIA, 1259, -cor. O'Farrell — Housekeeping
' suit, elegantly furnished: gas and coal range.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Large sunny bay"
window, partly furnished; parlor and kitchen,
$13. V - -
O'FARRELL, 826 — 2 or 3 furnished rooms for
. housekeeping; all conveniences.
SOUTH PARK, 137 — Two or three well fur-
nished ' sunny : front housekeeping rooms;
reasonable. »v . ¦ - ¦
SUTTER, 407 — 2 large sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping. ¦ ¦
TWO unfurnished housekeeping rooms. Inquire
651 Ellis st. ¦ ' : ¦ ¦ •¦ -
VAN NESS ave., 402— Entire upper flat; .3
rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. and IlnCnrn,
A^G^u^?rr!Trrr!Trrrr!7rrr....Now open.
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 Stockton St., bet. Bush and Pine.
ANGELUS, 530 Stockton , St.— Rooms, suites
and apartments. ' -
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
. door; handsomest grill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat tunny suites or singles; day,
week-tsr month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BERNARD. 113 — 1 or 2 furnished rooms; rea-
' sonable; private family.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 8— Desirable office and rooms to let,
unfurnished. Apply 0 a. m. to 5 p. m.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms. 35c.
$1 50 night; $1 60.' $6 .week; open all. night.
ELLIS, 685, cor. Larkin — Nicely furnished al-
cove; mantel; closet; cooking if desired.
FOLSOM, 820, near 4th— $1 per week, furnished
rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1050— Well furn. large
sunny roome; private family; free telephone.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 85c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HYDE.-133, bet. Golden Gate and Turk— Nice-
ly- furnished rooms; running water; con-
venient to street cars.
JESSIE, 36.1. near Fifth and Market — Furnish-
ed room $5 per month.
LARKIN, 819% — Large sunny room, suitable
. for two gentlemen; reasonable. . 1
MINNA. 217 — Rooms, single and double; also
housekeeping. , . . -
MINNA, C67, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room^ $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sninny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with .hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SIXTH. 123%— Nicely furnished rooms, sutta-
ble for gentleman ;- respectable house; cheap.
SUTTER, 949 — Elegant rooms, bath, etc.; 10
mln. walk to Kearny st. ; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
opened; elesrantly furnished suite or singio
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table:
references.
CORBIN.' The. 836 Sutter st., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
- suites; all sunny; table first class.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH," 312 Eddy. st. — Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. ¦¦-.
FOR sunny homelike room and delicious board
apply 104 Guerrero st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites: single rooms: first-class table board.
STABLES TO .LET.
FINE stable, 10 stalls, to rent. Apply Seventh
and Bryant sts. - - . , -
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE — Kenllworth Inn; romantically sit-
uated in Mill Valley; 50 mlnutfts" ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; In good
condition; 40 rooms: steam and hot water
baths; electric lights; heaters throughout;
elevator, etc.; rent low. Apply MADISON &
BURKE, 30 Montgomery st. ; , ROBERTS
Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley, Cal.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.-
2D-HAND typewriter* - sold, rented, repaired.
; Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING A MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2c;mim-
eographlng. 027 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1539.
VITAOPATHY.
I SUFFERED from rheumatism for a month,
¦ unable to move myself without help; with one
treatment of Vltaopathy under Prof. Ivan
McLaughlin, 1104 Market st., I was able to
' walk about my room; second treatment, same
day, I walked twelve blocks. I am satisfied
that Vitaopathy did It. Wednesdays free
treatment. JACOB KIEFFER,
' ' Hotel Vendome.
v PROPOSALS. , --"
BIDS wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the f Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, June 14, 1902, and opened
Immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for.' furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months, commencing
July 1 1902, and ending December 31, 1902
Schedules with Information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules and no bid will be considered unless it is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to . . C. • Mason
- icinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
¦ notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or. under
the amount specified. ¦"¦ * ¦¦:....¦
.Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors 'of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ors. J, J. BCOVILLE, Secretary.
native of Frederickstadt. Norway,- aged 73 I
years 1 month and 27 days. -A member of
Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W., and
Friendship Lodge No. 1731. K. of H.
RASCHEN — In Oakland.' June 7, 1902, Elise,
dearly beloved wife of H. Raschen, loving
mother of Mrs. Etta Bowers, Mrs. Anita
Bilnngton and Fred Raschen, and devoted
grandmother of Gertrude Bowers and Gram
Billington Jr.. a native of New York, aged
52 years and 7 months.
ICTFuneral services . to-day (Monday),
at 11 o'clock, at the residence of her daugh-
ter, Mrs. Billington. 1210 Jefferson street.
: near Fourteenth, Oakland. Funeral and in-
terment strictly private. Services also at ;
Odd Fellows' Crematory. . j
REAMER— In this city. June 8, 1902, Fred |
Reamer, a native of Philadelphia, aged 73
years. A member of Mount . Moriah Lodge
No. 44, F. and A. M., and Court Eclipse No.
14. F. or A.
(E7Frlends and members of Mount Moriah
Ledge No. -44, F. and A. M., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
• to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'-clock. at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street, near Post, under
the auspices of Court Eclipse No. 14. F. of
A. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
3 o'clock. .
ROCHE— In this city, June 8. 1902. Thomas,
beloved husband of Julia Roche, and beloved
father of Mrs. Nellie Shields and Julia
Roche, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 60 years. A member of Colonel Cass
Post No. 46, G. A. R., and Falnnount
• Lodge, A. O. U. W.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 521 BarUett street, and thence to
St. Paul's Church, where . a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at ,9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHANNON— In Alameda. June 8. 1902, Jef-
ferson M. Shannon, beloved husband of Re-
. becca M. Shannon, and father of S. A., Le-
land S.< and Sidney J. Shannon and Mrs.
W. E. Toms, a native of Palmyra, Missouri,
aged 70 years and 7 months.
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Mon-
day, June 9, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1610 Central avenue, Alameda.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
SHORT— In this city, June 8, 1902, Walter C
• beloved son of Theodore C. and Mary F.
Short, and brother of Frank P. and Georg*
J. Short, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 3 months and 8 days.
ICT" Friends of the family are Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of the parenta,
2304 Howard street. »
SWAN — In this city. June 7. 1902, William
Porter Swan, son of Daniel and Elizabeth
Swan, a native of Scotland.
IE?" Services at the residence of his parents
June 0, 1902, at 2 o'clock.
TOENNIES— In this city, June 7, 1002, Frled-
erike Toennies, dearly beloved mother of
i Herman Toennies, Mrs. J. Mehrtens and
Mrs. J. H. Homborg, a native of Porep,
Germany, aged 77 years 4 months and 29
days.
(ET Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from her late residence, 1528 Bush
street, between Van Ness avenue and Frank-
lin street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery/
VON HAGEN— In this city, June 7, 1902, Lll-
lie, beloved wife of the late Martin von
Hagen. mother of Edna von Hagen. and sis-
ter of Franz Brauer, a native of San Fran-
- clsco, aged 37 years 8 months and 7 days.
|C?"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Mon-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at her late residence, j
022 Greenwich street, between Taylor and
Jones. Please omit flowers. Interment pri-
vate, in Cyaress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
WILEY — In this city, June 8, 1902, Herbert
E., beloved husband of Hattle M. Wiley.
. father of Bernlce Wiley, and son of Nellie
M. Cook, and brother of Frank. Nettle, Belle
and Fay Wiley and Hazel Cook, a native of
Modesto, Cal., aged 22 years.
WOLFF— In this city, June 8, 1902, Julius,
beloved husband . of Magdalena Wolff, and
father of Herrman, Otto, William, Rudolph
and Rose Wolff, a native of Berlin, Ger-
many, aged 05 years 11 months and 5 days.
E7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). June 10. at 10:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, 559 Paris street, cor-
ner Italy avenue (Five-Mile House), Mission
Road. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WOODS— In thia city, June 8. 1902, Susie,
dearly beloved wife of Enos Woods, and
beloved daughter of Annie E. and the late
Michael Phelan. and sister of Alfred.
Stephen, Julia and Grace Phelan and Mrs.
W. M. White and Mrs. S. McKee. a. native
of Santa Barbara, Cal.
E?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at ,8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2335 Bryant street, near Twenty-
second, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOODWARD— In thta city. June 8. 1902,
George M., beloved husband of Annie E.
Woodward, ' and brother of Captain Charles
and tbe late William Woodward, a native of
Baltimore, aged 47 years 1 month and 28
days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
Ness avenue. Interment Lanrel Hill Ceme-
tery.
NOTICE TOJTHE PUBLIC.
The Hackmen's Union, Local No. 224, at a
regular summons meeting held at their hall
on Thursday evening, June 6, 1902. resolved
that they would not hire or drive a carriage
at any funeral conducted under the auspices
of the "Odd Fellows' Cemetery ' Funeral
Directors." '
Reduced
GENUINE
WELLINGTON
COAL
For Sale by All Reliable Dealers
$101 per ton.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
: SATURDAY. JUNE T.
City and County of San Francisco to Susan
C. Palmer, lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
31 S of Bush street, S 40 by E 84; | .
Charles and Rose A. Harriman to Charles H.
Harriman, lot on W line of Olive avenue, 73
S of Union street. S 27 by W 25; $1000.
Charles H. Harriman to Oscar Heyman. lot
on W line of Olive court, 73 S of Union street.
S 27 by W 25; $10.
Catherine A. and John F. Connelly to Mary
I Lovett, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
45 E of Fillmore street, E 25 by N 90; $1.
' John H. and Ellen Boardman to F. Toklas,
lot- on E line of Fillmore street, 27:6 N of
Eddy, N 82:8 by E 100; $10.
Estate of Frances I* Wilson, formerly
Frances C. Kaeding (by F. P. Deerlny, execu-
tor) to S. Ducas Company (corporation), lot on
S line of Post street, 27 W of Fillmore, W 27
by S 75; $2000.
A. or Adam Heunlsch to August E. Brune,
lot on W line of Baker street. 55 N of Hayes.
N 27:6 by W 121:10%; $10. . :
Caroline Koester or Koster to Jullen and
Julie Tlenlle, lot on S line of Erie street, 115
E of Howard, E 25 by S 121:0%; $10.
C. and Richard Altschul to William H. Crim,
lot on SE line of Market street, 43 SW of Noe.
SW 62:2%. 8 88:4%, E 80, N 42:9%, W 32:8,
N 86:0%: $10. i
William H. and Sarah C. Crim to Slgznund
Greenebaum, same; $10.
William A. and Mary B. Tracy to Daniel E.
Sullivan, lot on NW line of San Jose avenue,
113:6% NE of Twenty-fourth street, NE 23:2%,
W 97:2, S 25, E 94:9; $10.
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
to Wilson & Wilson, lot on N line of Jackson
Street. 60 W of Drumm, W 40 by N 120; $3.
Edward A. Davis to Henry Myers, lot on
NW corner of Sutter street and Grant avenue,
N 40 by W 30; $10. •'¦¦•*
John and Wlnnefred Sheehy to Delia Qulnn,
lot on N line of J street, 45 W of Ninth ave-
nue. W 50 by N 100; $10.
Frank W. and Delpblne McEwen. to John
O'Brien, lot on N line of Broad street, 707:8
E of Plymouth (Marengo), W 17:8, N 125. E
25, S 120, SW 10, lot 10, block K. Railroad
Homestead Association; $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to William H.
Reyburn, lot 3, block 2, subdivision 1,. Castro-
street Addition; $10. .- : ,.
'. Builders Contracts.
Mrs. Flora E. Short and Bernard and Henry
Shaw (owners) with Dewar & Qulnn (con-
' tractors), architect William Curlett— All work
for 3 three-story frame building (flats), 85 on
Van Ness avenue by 130, and 100 S of Filbert
street and 90 N of Union street ( lot on W line
of Van Ness avenue, 90 N of Union street. N
85 by W 130); $33,745.
• Cypress Lawn Cemetery Association (own-
ers) with W. Heidt Cornice Works (contract-
ors), • architect Henry A. Schulze — Tin roofs.
MATTRESSES A.XP PILLOWS. _ ¦•
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission ;tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL. ¦;<;-**
A — ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWYER
will be glad to know she has returned to San
Francisco end opened offices for the relief
of those suffering from rheumatism, paraly-
sis, morphine or liquor habits. Those con-
sulting her will be assured of careful and
honest treatment. Consultation and advice
free. Private home for patit-nts. Hours. 10
to 11' a. m.. 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sundays
by appointment only. Phone Jessie 213L
Entrance to offices. 1504 Market St.. rooms
25 to 2$. City Hall square. Over Good Fel-
lows' Grotto.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are 6lck or in trouble,
cccsult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
casts; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. O. W. O'DON-
KFLL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing- and curing female complaints; ladles, all
who are 6ick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007 14 Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8.
10084 Market et.. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. VTYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
clalist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post St.. nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st.. nr Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
1 LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
LADIES— "Nevertale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator, f 2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES A>U MI.MXU.
SMALL cold mine, with mill: will pay from
the 6tart; only small capital required; easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY, 137
Montgomery et.. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mclh-
TOSH & WOLPHAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to- 1000 new & second-hand tent* to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHOJTS
Awning, Tent & Hammock Co., 208 Drumm.
COLLEGE Kennels has foxhounds, spitz, cock-
er and fox terrier pups, and dogs of all
descriptions; also Ar.gora kittens: will sell
at sacrifice. 115 Haight. phone Fell CS11.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
eines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chinery- H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
RINGS — Diamond sapphire $125. cameo pearls
(rare) 545. 5-stone diamond hoop $45. Monday
and Tuesday. 1 to 7 p. m.. room 38, 101 Ellis.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Col lender Co., 652 Mission.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale Et.
EXTRA fine tents at half price or for rent. H
E. SKINNER & CO., 416 Market st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, cashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for eale. Valencia Bt., cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. -
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacipalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasten=,EE.cor.2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLAES 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, -cold. Krogh Mfg Co., 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
ture«. BtTLT,ARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS WAaTTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
.Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960, Call.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stone*
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market Bt.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 285L
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnEWorthKlectricalWks.418 Turk.
BIOXEV TO LOAJf.
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bldg
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOAKS MADE!
.......On first and second mortgages.......
Life Interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests In real estate
Estates in probate — Legacies........
Assignment of rents............
Life insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sorts and Elzes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY ~
6C1-C02 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
¦ On third mortgages.
On undivided Interests In real estate.
On estates In probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5518.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18,
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLEEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Fafe Deposit bldg., 328 Montgomery st..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interert.
Long or rhort term.
GENTLEMAN, age 40. to make the acquaint-
ance of American lady about 30 years of age;
. weight about 140 pounds; cbject matrimony.
Box 3C9. Call.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844
Market Et. : tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Lean Office. 103 Grant ave., sear
Geary et; phone Red 1603.
MECHANICAL engineer — Steam, engine, boil-
er. Ice and refrigerating machinery expert;
designs and Installs most economical oil-
burning plants. Box 362, Call.
DIVINE HEALER EHRADER. who heals all
manner of diseases known, by laying on of
hands, can be seen daily at 618 Ellis St.,
downstairs; no charges.
ON real ettate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate*. BECKER. 36 Geary «t.. room 30.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD rwilson's), 1710 Market.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUELEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furriture. pianos; no removal ; money quick: ¦
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ELFVING, C16 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal:
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity ; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 28 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by' private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden- :
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured: box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wls. :
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn..
without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. i.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
gtrtctly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
e% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Biack 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
CASH loaned ealarl«d people on note without
lndoraer. MORRELL. 009 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
fil&n. western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
AUCTION SALES
GkAND
AUCTION SALE,
We Will Sell
30 head of WORKING and DRIVING HORSES,
a lot of SECOND-HAND BUGGIES, CART9
and HARNESS; also one FINE BLACK
ROAD HORSE. RUBBER-TIRE BUGGY and
HARNESS: one fast PACING MARE, BUGGY
and HARNESS.
lhursday, June 12, 11 a. m.^
GROVE-ST, STABLES, GROVE ST., bet. Pollc
and Van Ness ave.
£3. OCCIDENTAL £_>
"^ HORSE EXCHANGE. <*»
Bunker Hill Day x<ale.
On TUESDAY. June 17, 1 will sell from U*»
PIERCE'S Yerba Buena Stock Farm a con-
signment of DRAFT HORSES weighing front
1400 to. 1600, all purpose and standard trotters,
brood mares and their foals;, and from their
SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM, standard an* I ¦
registered trotters. Including fine matched
teams, sired by Sidney Dillon (sire of Dolly
Dillon. 2:07), On Stanley 2:17%, Fram 2:14H.-
Diablo 2:09*4, Bay Rose 2:20%, Director 2:17 V
Electioneer. General Benton, etc. Watch thl»
column for further particulars. .Cataloguea ¦
Issued June 12. *, "¦
WM. Q. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AU JTION SALE g
*^ AT £r^
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.
WEDNESDAY. June 11. at 11 a. m.
I will sell 20 head of good WORK HORSES,
used by one of the largest concerns In the city:
also 5 set3 of good double harness. 4 sets of ••
single harness, 2 sets buggy harness; also 1 *
small wagon. •
JOHN J. DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneer." ¦
If you, need a camp, express or peddling-
wasron, cart, buggies, surrles, harness or. any
kind of a horse, from $1 up, be at 1140 Folscm
St., TUESDAY, June 10, 11 a. m., and be»
made happy.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND. . GENTLE HORSES}
also good second-hand rigs; 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST. _" ' ". : '¦-*--¦.¦'
OCEAH STEAMEBS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave San Fran-
TrW clsco as follows: '•-!
VoPWtaL. For Ketchlkan, Juneau,
¦KapP^^W. Ekaguay. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
KOS^VtHl m.. June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25, 30.
i Iwsfii^d >Ml J ul y 5 - Change to company J
l«©^^U*as Bteamers at Seattle.
, #*®«£S&Sfi5fl For Victoria, Vancouver.
** Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
w »Si coma. Everett. Whatconv- •
immm
P 3Ei U BS*&* a. ».. J«»« 7. 15. 23. July 1.
BO^r a Ens 1 e-nada. J M^lalena Bay San Josedel
Cat*, Mazatlan/Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia.
Giaymas(Mer>-iO a. m., 7th each month.
For farther Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sail-.
Ul TIC t KT!T OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). , ; "
C D DUN ANN. Gen. Passenger Agent. -
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents. -
10 Market st. San Francisco.
O. R. & TV. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AU
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Ran. all
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 12, 22, July 2. 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 17. 27. July 7 ,
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st, 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S.g.
TOYO KISEN KAISBAL
-<.:¦,">" r f '
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. o. r |
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and '
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. -..
BS. HONGKONG MARTT •... (lM , >
..- Saturday, June 28. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Thursday, July 24, 1903 ."
S3. AMERICA MARU 2i''ll>L
'. .....*... Saturday, August 16, 1902,
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For; J
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent. - ¦
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION W&
And' Cia Sud Americana de Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central. »
and South American ports. Sailing from How-* "
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA June lOfTUCAPEL July 19
AREQUIPA ...June 27IGUATEMALA. . Aug. 6 *
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No cbanse at Acasulco or Panama.) . Freight
and pasrenger office, 316 California street. ¦
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
llirflfli^^ Jl.LiL ZEALAND MS SYDNEY,
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ..... : «
Sunday. June 9, 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday. June 12. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. June 21, 2 p. m.
I. T. SPRECXILS & B20S.Ca, Geieral AZU, 329M3Ifct
Bei'lPass. dee, 643 Maifrst st, Pisr u 7. Pacills sl:
CQJtPAQNIE GENEBALB TBAM3ATLANTIQUZ. ¦'
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ' r
Balling every Thursday, Instead of ¦fJtjED*
Saturday, at. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. mXammm ¦/:
North River, foot of Morton street. >? *" • >
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. OENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Padflo Coast
Agents. 0 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco."
Tickets sold by all Ralload Tickrt Agent*.
AMKKICAN iaXB.
NETW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.'
St. Paul. June 25. 10 am Phlla. July 0. 10 am
St. Louis. July 2, 10 am St. Paul .July 16. 10 dm
KEi- STAR LINE3.
' NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS. V
Vaderland June 'il.noui IZeeland... July 5. noon
Kroonlnd.June 23, noon IFriesland. July 12, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. ' '
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.Q.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st. -
EAT AOT> BIVER STEAMERS;
FOR I). S. NAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
8:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* SO
cents. Telephone Main 1308. Tending and
of flee, ¦ pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCS
BROS. ¦ ¦ ¦¦>¦
galvanized Iron down pipes, skylights, glazing,.*
metal . sashes, etc.. for brick and terra cotta
apartment house on N lino of Turk street.
137:6 W of Mason street. W 68:9 by N 137:6r
$3544. .~r-
Same (owners) with Daniel O* Sullivan (con-~ 9
tractor), architect same; plain and ornamental
plastering, etc, for same on same; $10,200. -_ „
Same owners with Gas Consumers* Assocla-r
tlon (contractors), architects same— Electrto
wiring, conduits, switch boards, tablet boards,
etc., for same on same; $2445.
Louisa M. Lehnhardt (owner) with W. ,15.
Grant (contractor), architect . All
alterations and additions for a two-story and
basement frame building (two fiats) on E Una
of Chattanooga street. 100 N of Twenty-second,*
N 30 by E 125; 12664. - i
W. A. C. Lange (owner) with Thomas Vod-
den (contractor), architect none — All work for
a three-story and basement frame building
(flats) on W line of Central avenue. 125 N of
Haight street. N 25 by W 11S:9; $7065.
D. B. Richards (owner) with* J. T. Mclnnla
(contractor), plans by ownei" — All work for,4;' ;
two-story cottage with basement on E lino of
Castro street. 101:6 N of Elizabeth, N 86 by
• SPECIAL _'¦_ NOTICES. *
NOTICE— My wife, MRS. ANNIE BONNEY.
. having this day. left my bed and board, I will
not be responsible for any bills or debts con-
tracted .by her. ¦ >.
JAMES. W. BONNEY. June 8, 1902.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;-
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
BIRTHS-^MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MAKRIED.
HUGHES — COLEMAN— In this city. June 7,
I 1902, by Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pastor of
Central M. E. Church, Edward . Charles
Hughes and Ethel Josephine Colejnan, both
_ of this city. . -
DIED.
Allen, Rose Davalos Neumann, Ferdinand
Anderson, Sophie ."Pescia. Maria/
Bowen, . Mary E. Petersen, Peter
. Breslauer, Manuel Raschen, Elise
- Brown, Mrs.' Georgle - Reamer. Fred
. Carter, Frank ' J. ¦ Roche, Thomas
Dithmar, Augustus Shannon, Jefferson
Edwards, Alice Short. Walter C.
Fischer, Gladys I. Swan, : William P.
Forbes, Duncan S. Toennies, Friederlke
Goller, Phillippina Von Hagen, Lillie
Graham. ' John Nye Warren, Blanche A.
Jones, Rose A. Wiley, Herbert E.
Lammon. David E. .Wolff, Julius
Lynch, Catherine Woods. Susie
McSherry, Robert C. Woodward. George
ALLEN— In this city, June 7, 1902, 'Rose
Davalos, beloved wife of Charles Davalos
Allen, and mother of George and Charl s
Allen, and sister of Beatrice, Arthur, Harry
and James Green and the late Alfred Green,
a native | of California, aged 21 years 2
months and 16 days.
ANDERSON — In Redwood City. June 6, 1902,
Sophie, dearly beloved wife of Herman An-
derson, and loving mother of Frances Ander-
son, a native of Austria, aged 28 years.
(E7"Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 9. 'at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Fourth street. Redwood City. Inter-
ment Union Cemetery.
BOWEN— In this city, June 7, 1902, Mary
Elizabeth Bowen, daughter of E. J. and
Mary A. Bowen. :¦-¦ r ,.' .
icyFuneral private.
BRESLAUER — In . this city, June 8, 1902,
Manuel, beloved husband of Ricka Breslauer,
and father of Isidore, David and Mamie
Breslauer, and brother of Isldor Breslauer,
Mrs. Nathan Breslauer of Redding, Cal., and
Mrs. B. Koltanowsky of Chico, Cal., a na-
tive of Kempen, Germany, aged 56 years and •
2 months. A member of Miriam Lodge No.
56, I. O. B. B., of Marysville, Cal.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), -at 10 o'clock, from B. B. Hall,
121 Eddy street, and thence by 11:30 o'clock
train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
BROWN— In this city, June 7, 1902, Mrs.
Georgle Brown, daughter of the late Colonel
L. F. Warren, and beloved mother of Mrs.
W. O. Nolen and the late Blanche A. War-
ren, a native of Boston, Mass.
WARREN— In this city. June 7, 1902,
Blanche A. Warren, beloved daughter of the
late Georgle Brown, and sister of Mrs. W. O.
r Nolen, a native of California, aged 25 years.
E7"The funeral services ,wlll I be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street.
Interment private.
CARTER — In this city, June 8. 1902, Frank
J., beloved husband of Emma Gertrude Car-
ter, and brother of Maria M. Eccles,' Hya-
cinth Josephine Hall and Richard E. Carter,
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years.
tCTNotice of funeral hereafter.
DITHMAR— In this city, June 7, ' 1902, Au-
gustus C. Dithmar, beloved husband of Han-
nah B. Dithmar, father of Mrs. L. C. Fer-
guson and Mamie, Cora and' Augustus C.
Dithmar, and brother of Mrs. Emma A.
Hauxhurst and Mrs. Pauline Latlmore. a J
native of Easton. Pa., aged 71 years 5
months and 20 days. - .
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 610 Haight street Interment prl-
¦ vate.
EDWARDS (nee Costello)— In this city, June
8, 1902. Alice, dearly beloved wife of Ira
Edwards, and daughter of Michael and the
late Katherine Costello, a native of San
Francisco. •
FISCHER— In Alameda, June 6. 1902, Gladys
I. Fischer, belpved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Fischer, a native of California,
aged 3 years and 9 months. ¦
FORBES — In this city. June 8, 1902, Duncan
S., beloved son of James and the late Jean
Forbes, and brother of James Forbes, Mrs.
H. ' Bothmann and Mrs. Blundell. a native
of San Francisco, aged 39 years.
: IDTFrlendSiand acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his father, 3 Alice street, off Folsom, .be-
tween Third and Fourth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GOLLER— In this city. June 7, 1902, Phillip-
pina Goller (nee Hildebrant), beloved mother
of George and. Henry Hildebrant and Mrs.
Lillie McCord, a native of Germany, aged
68 years.
[[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Lillie McCord,
9 Elgin Park. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
GRAHAM — In Mendoclno County, Cal., June
' 7, 1902, of heart disease, John Nye Graham,
son of the late Robert J. Graham and the
late Charlotte -C. Graham, a native of Saa
Francisco, aged 33 years.
K7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
JONES— In this city, June 7, 1902, Rose A.,
beloved wife of Michael J. Jones, and mother
of James H., Evelyn M., George S. and the
. late Kose M. Jones, and sister of Mrs. R.
Mooney, • Mrs. T. Mahoney, Mrs. M. McEntee
and Nora O'Toole. a native of Clifton,
County Galway, Ireland, aged ¦ 31 years f
months and 3 days.
. (£7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock,- from her late
residence, 39% Ringold street, thence to St.
. Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
1 LAMMON— In this city, June 8, 1902, David
Edward, beloved son of David and Annl 3
Lammon, and grandson of Alexander Lam-
mon and Christina Eastland, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months' and 10 days.
ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2403 Eighteenth street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, June 7, 1902, Catherine,
beloved wife of William Lynch, and mother
of P. H., P. J., M. A. and J. B. Lynch, a
native of, County Derry, Ireland,, aged 62
years and 15 days. ¦ . ...-.-
(£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day,
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27-29 Fifth street,
thence to St Agnes Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her -soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
. ment Holy Cross 1 Cemetery. . -
McSHERRY — A month's mind masa will be
celebrated for ' the repose of the soul of the
late Robert C. McSherry. at St Brendan's
Church, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited. ;
NEUMANN— In this city, June 8, 1902, Ferdi-
nand J., beloved husband of Cecelia A. Neu-
mann, and father of Frank W. and Ferdi-
nand J. Neumann Jr. and Mrs. Wilhelmina
Caldwell, a native of Saxony, Germany, aged
74 years 4 months and 27 days.
~ £7Frtends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services Tues-
day, June 10, 1902, at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 759 Capp street, thence to funeral
car from corner of Thirtieth street and San
Jose avenue at 2 o'clock. Interment Cypress
• Lawn Cemetery.
PESCIA— In this city, June 8, 1902, Maria
dearly beloved mother of the late Dr. Joseph
Pescia and Mrs. Caterina Paladinl. and
sister of Mrs. Seraflna Valente. and grand-
mother of Mrs. M. L. Perasso, a native of
Italy, aged 75 years 3 months and 12 days
'(Baltimore, Md., papers please copy.) .
ICTFuneral takes place Wednesday. June
II. at 10 o'clock, from her late residence
1427 Mason street, near Broadway thenca
to Italian Church of Sts. Peter and Paul
•where at 10:30 o'clock mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her bouI Please
omit flowers. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. .
PBTERSEN — In this city, June 8, 1902 Peter
beloved husband of Helena G. Pete'raen. a
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t. opposite Lincoln 8choot
.: • ¦•¦-• Telephone South 80. •
Mt. 0 livet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY. !
Office, SI6 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 867. - .'
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
r . Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United. Undertakers' Association; M. J.
; McBrearty. -with ~ the same company for 10
years;.P.F. Green, late with J. C. CCon-
* nor & Co.r have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st, between Seventh
' and Eighth. . Telephone , South 44. -
I jambs, wcginn, : i
I Formerly with - McGinn . Bros.,- has opened • I
I new Funeral : Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet. I
I Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. I
MCSIC4L INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety, and largest stock. Special bargains, all
uprights : - < ; #**
3 Stelnway .......$95 to $280
2 Knabe $85 to $110
3 Weber $C5 to $150
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne $40
Over C000 Heine pianos In S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
Installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos,, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter Ets.. 9. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. .
AS a special otter this week we will mark down
the price of a number of first-class instru-
ments to a point where no one can affcrd to
buy elsewhere. We carry Wlssner. Bau-
mel-Ker and othef~Sholee makes. THE ZENO
MAft/AIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O' Farrell 6t; established 1850. <
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— A STERLING.
A Stelnway — A Fischer — A Steck.
And ten others from $60 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTA2 & SON. 16 O'Farrell st
WANTED at once^ — Four square pianos suitable
for country resorts. BYRON MAUZY, 308-
310-312 Post st . '
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best in city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th & Church.
PERSON departing for Germany will sacrifice
superb large new 3-pedal upright piano. 330
Turk st. .
A — FISHER piano; good as new; cost $450;
only $100. SICKELS. 6 Geary st.
AN Estey piano for rent to responsible party.
Call 1202 Leaven worth st.
$160 — ALMOST nsw 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
YOU may want a piano for rent SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett, Ludwig and other good pianos.
SNAP — 2 only, new, $450: high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue, $250. Bruenn,20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
BUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A.M> STORES TO LUX.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 sts.; below Kearny st. 636 Clay st, room L
DESK room and desk In large sunny front
office. 916 Market st. room 69. ¦
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to^4. 700
Post st. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post:tel.Black 561.
PERSONALS. L__
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy Is superior to ail other tonics and restoi-
atlves. It is clean and healthful, is not gum-
my or sticky; no grease, no stain; never falls.
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office,
385 Geary et The Star Remedy Co.
IT is not claimed that Viavi can cure the In-
curable, but thousands of women who had
given up all hope of ever obtaining relief
have been restored to health and strength by
the Viavi treatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The Viavi Co.. 2304
Van Ness ave., San Francisco; tel. East 282.
IF you hair Is falling, send for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DR.
<G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
st, between Seventh and Eighth.
6PECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladles' tailor made suits, skirts,
ehirt waists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
suits, overcoats, bats; call, open account at
our new store. C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
He tel, 44 Third St., neac Market; 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to S6 per week;
j free 'bus and baggage to and from th<> ferry.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine Is what
cured people say. Address REUNER GOU-
LET, Sacramento, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS hair goods only; switches and
¦wigs; hair dressing, 25c; shampooing; 50c;
manicuring, 25c G. LEDERER, 123 Stock-
Ion Et # ' '
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
MADAME PONO— Scientific character read-
ing: hours. 10 to 12, a. m., 1 to 4 and 7 to 8
p.m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12 a.m. 239 Powell, r. 14.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1839 Polk st, S. F. ; consultation free.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co., 140 Geary st, S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
' nartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. -1021 Market st. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market »t __^__
MONEY loaned at low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious 1 stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st \
LIQUOR habit — A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. . Ad-
dress P. O. box 052. San Jose, Cal.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private
theatricals: masquerades, etc., supplied. 26
O'Farrell Bt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric, needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
A— 13 50 DERBY and Fedora bats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
Masquerade coetumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st
ACTTNA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Bold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured: no operation, caln or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE cults, $7 50; dress pants, s2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton. 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 253.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
instantly; 10c and 25c. AU druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlga;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
beet corn cure. 25c: all drugglats.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. « Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market «t. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataract* cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073% Market
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water" Company^
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco,' June 4, 19(K2 — Dividend No. 201,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company will bo
payable at the office of said company.- room
16, second floor. Mills building, on June 16.
1902. Transfer books will close on June 9
1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
1 EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CON.— A dividend. No. 42. of
fifty cents (50c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company, ! has been declared
payable at tbe office of the company, rooms
202-204-206 Hayward building. San Fran-
clsco, on June 10. 1902. Transfer books close
June 3, at noon, . - .i-*~"
J. R. LEA VELL,. Secretary.Game in season for iunch at Cafe Zln
kand properly cooked, properly served. •
; Beklns& Co. i shippers of household goods. Chi
cago^ Los Angeles,' San Francisco." 630 Market. •
The police were. notified yesterday. that
a gang 1 of boys had ¦ attacked • Ling Gong,
driver of "a laundry wagon for Mong Sam'
3527 Twenty-sixth street, on Army street!
between Dolores and Church, • Saturday
afternoon. They threw, rocks at him and
oner of the missiles struck him- on the
right temple, inflicting an ugly, wound.
He was taken to his employer's home and
Dr. H. G. Lamb was called in to treat
him. •3»lflKl9H9fl0UflMHmiHBHf
Chinese Attacked by Boys.
The r Intruder was "arrested and at the
Southern" station gave; his name, as John
Henry. * , He claims . that he crawled be
neath the step In order. to get a place to
sleep. The; police booked him on a charge
of vagrancy. When Martell fired the shot
at = Henry he ..was of the opinion ,that the
last named '.was jhidlng with the intention
of '.burglarizing .the • house. *
"W. H. : Martell, a millman, on going to
his residence at 342 Fair Oaks street late
last night ¦ discovered '' a man in a crouch-
Ing beneath his! doorstep. Mar
tell called to the" man and ordered him. to
leave. "The stranged refused. The mill
man ; then went ' into ; the : house, secured a
revolver and , returned. The man j beneath
the steps - again refused to remove him
self " from the ; premises and Martell fired
a! shot atihlm. The -.bullet grazed his ear,
but did him no injury. \*fct£SS^p6HWBfcKSB
Henry, Whom He Takes for
¦ a Burglar.
W.H.'-Marteir Fires a Shot at John
: The statues which .were 'unveiled .were
beautiful • works of art and were secured
from <the fMalsonRafn, Paris. On the
pedestal of the statue of St. Ann and the
child: virgin s are carved St.- Joseph ' lilies, :
emblems of purity, while . on . the pedestal •
of St.", Anthony .are carved ; sheaves* of
.wheat, emblematic of .this saint's bread,
which > is -distributed all .over: Europe to
the poor, and tdestitute.-.. < ¦"¦''¦- ¦•..- , . :
During the < services the ¦ church , was
crowded." Music "was furnished by'the
junior, choir,- which rendered.: as part of
its. programme hymns to St. Anthony and
ures of r Mary,.- Magdalen kneeling ' at the
feet: of Jesus . had. induced many an " out
cast, to lead a life of purity. -^?«tfHSang
; The results' of the races at Sutro Baths
yesterday afternoon are as follows, the
winnlrs being those first mentioned: fifty
yard dash — A. " Young, J.' Rasny ; ¦ : - diving
for plate— J.Hlnz,- M. Conroy;;one hun
dred , yard race-^A. . Young, J. . Rasny ; fan
cy springboard diving— J. Hinz,-E. Klpp;
high diving— P.': Sunberg, J.f Hinz; ' tub
race— P. Sunberg, J. Hinz, A. Young. ,1
Races at Sutro Baths.
finds; man hiding . .: _
beneath his doorstep
Rudolph Jones was found unconscious
In his room . at 521 Pacific street about ; S
o'clock yesterday morning. The gas was
.escaping from an open jet. The Central
police station was notified and Policeman
M. C- Mahony took Jones in the patrol
wagon to the Emergency Hospital, where
he soon recovered. He told Mahony that
he remembered blowing out the gas wh«n
he went to bed, and he could not under
stand why he had been so foolish:
Rose Weber, a servant girl at the resi
dence of Isaac Miller, 1060 EIH3 f street,
smelled the odor of gas in the house yes
terday morning and traced It to , a room
occupied by Emil Althoff, Miller's nephew.
She tried , to open the door, but it was
locked' on the inside.' Procuring an ax
she broke open the door and found , Al
thoff dead in bed, with the gaa partly
turned on. .
Althoff was a clerk, 26 years of age and
came from Illinois about two months ago.
Ap there was no known reason why he
should have committed suicide the pre
sumption is that his death was acci
dental.
Rudolph Jones Found Uncon
scious, but Recovers. •
Emil Althoff Found Dead in Bed.
GAS CLAIMS. ONE VICTIM .
AND NEARLY GETS ANOTHEli
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
>rugrgista, 5Oc flask. JUchard & Co.,40C Clay. •
: A lady on the' electric, car sustained a
severe abrasions of the side of her head,
which was driven ; with -force against the
side; of ? the : vehicle^. by- the N collision. A
manon the same'. car had'one of his fin
gers'badly lacerated by the broken glass,
and a. mail" carrier-. received an abrasion
of his forehead." They were able to con
tinue the journey' on- the'.car,' but allttle
girl was -so- severely injured about the
head* that ; she had\ to be taken to her
home in :a-wagbn. ':'.*'¦ ;
'An' effort was made yesterday to ' find
from the "railroad authorities the ad
dresses, pt' the; Injured passengers, but
they refused; to give any information, and
would. not? even -admit that such a colli
sion had -occurred. ¦'¦¦'¦' ; •"
An electric carrand a cable^ car collided
at the "crossing of Market and Church
streets '; Saturday evening. Two men, fa
woman and a little girl were injured.
• Fillmore street car 761, south bound,"
was going at, a rapid speed 1 before reach
ing the crossing,, and Castro street car 107,
east-bound, came into view. The electric
-'struck ¦ the Castro street car,
which. had. the right of way. The motor
man; was, evidently of the opinion that he
could cross before the cable vehicle could
reach him. - •- a
In conclusion Father Caraher,; said ' that
the station of the cross moved; people* to
sorrow and repentance quicker .than the
words of any preacher.and that the plct~
God commanded Moses to make two brazen
Images- and to place one j»n each ¦ side of 'the
Ark of the Covenant. ' The -. heavenly Father
promised that It would be from between these
two Images that he would deliver- his .oracles
and commands to the people: It Is'. In accord-
ance with this command to : Moses .'.that ;. the
statues of St. Ann and her blessed* child and
St. Anthony and the child Jesus were unveiled
here to-night.' These Images have been placed
on each side of the altar as If pointing to the
holiness ' within. These Images, ' ; from their
positions appear to be guarding the holiness
within. Between these two groups of statues
will ascend the prayers of . the people of this
church. Sinners will kneel before these stat
ues to ask mercy of heaven. : ¦', ' :
The placing of Images In churches Is done
In accordance with God's command. The.
Catholic church has been the patron and de
pository of Images since the dawn of her exist
ence. Wherever Catholic . missionaries .have
gone there has been carried v the crucifix,, the
embiem of man's salvation. ¦ To : this ¦ sacred
Image Catholics will cling through - life and
will ' press it to ¦ their lips In the agonies of
Images embellish and adorn the house of God.
No church is complete without them. "-If the
house of kings should be decorated ; with tapes
try and beautiful paintings, why- should mot
the house of the King of kings be adorned with
images of his saints. The church is the sacra
mental home of our . Savior. - 'Who, , when ; he
sees the image of the sacred, heart : of Jesus,*
is not moVed to tears?. What girl,: when she
beholds the Image of the Immaculate virgin,
Is not encouraged to be virtuous?. What mother,
when - she looks upon ' the *tatue ¦ of St. : Ann
teaching the laws to her '.blessed .child.,' does
not resolve to bring up her daughters to walk
In: the ways of, righteousness? •¦
- Statues of St. Ann and her Immaculate
child, the Virgin Mary, and of St. An
thony of Padua and an Image of the in
fant Jesus were unveiled with appropriate
ceremony ' at the evening services jj last
night at St. Francis Church. In honor of
the occasion Rev. Father. T. _Caraher
nreached a sermon on "The Veneratiqn
of Images," in which he ; explained .why
Catholics adorn their homes and churches
with likenesses of the saints , -&n& of rtho
Virgin Mary and her divine child. ,He said
that Catholics do not pray to the images,
but merely kneel before^ them* in , order
,that their minds may be "lifted up- and
filled with , thoughts ,. of • holy; ones whom
the likenesses represent. : ;•-" -' '¦•_ - ¦ ¦
Father Caraher spoke in substance as
follows: \j: : '••.'/• ' " ¦ ¦¦
Hmiaway in the Park.
' Yesterday crowds of visitors. thronged
the park and beach and enjoyed the de
lightful weather. Except for a runaway
in the park about 2 o'clock In the after
noon the day was without incident. A
team driven by Dr. L. G. Kraker of Sac
ramento took fright at a peacock that
crossed the road and before the animals
could be stopped Kraker and a lady com
panion were thrown to the ground. Both
suffered from shock, but otherwise were
uninjured.
Uncovers- Statues of
Mary, Child Jesus
and Two Saints. ;
Vehicles Come Together
at Church and Mar
ketStreets.
FATHER CARAHER
UNVEILS IMAGES
CARS COLLIDE
AT A CROSSING
YOUNG PLAYWRIGHT, WHOSE
-DEATH ENDED A . MOST
PROMISING CAREER. .
The authorities dispensed with the usual
Coroner's court and written statements of
witnesses were merely taken. The body
was removed to Merritt' s undertaking es
tablishment,, where it was embalmed.'"
| Mrs. Corbett was greatly affected, for
her nephew 1 , who had been with her so
long, was like a son. Despite her nervous
condition she insists upon accompanying
the remains to California, and will prob
ably leave to-morrow night, on the New-
York Central and Central Pacific overland
train, reaching San Francisco . on Friday
evening. Colonel Kowalsky, .a friend, of
the Ferral family. Is in this city, and will
if possible find some one going to Califor
nia who will accompany the body to San
Francisco should Mrs. Corbett be unable
to go. ..-• • . ¦ •.*.'¦: J---p ; -:
there been medical attendance quickly at
hand.
, NEW YORK, June 8.— In, theatrical cir
cles universal sorrow is expressed over
the sad death of Robert Ferral, son of
Judge Ferral of San Francisco. Although
only 24 years old, he had great aptitude
for the theatrical business.
He left for Philadelphia almost imme
diately upon being appointed to his posi
tion there. Elated over his success ana
filled with youthful Enthusiasm over
bright prospects, he celebrated with some
young companions and drank, to exces3.
Young Mr. Ferral's conduct was displeas
ing to Keith, and he sent him a telegram
of dismissal. "¦• ¦ •' '
Ferral returned to his aunt's house* yes
terday bemoaning his hard fate and-re
proaching himself bitterly. He had. pro
vided himself with a bottle 'of carbolic
acid before entering the : house. He re
tired for a moment, and then coming into
Mrs. Corbett's presence said, "Well, aunt,
I have done it." .
She realized' what he had done when
she saw acid burns on his tongue.' Simple
restoratives at hand were quickly admin
istered. After taking the poison he evi
dently repented, for he eagerly drank
some milk and was rational enough to
give some directions for his own relief.
He lingered a half-hour. It Is believed
that his life might have been spared had
After the unveiling of - the monument
Neighbor Marion S. ,de. Roco;of Western
Addition Camp delivered the poem, "Oh
Why Should-, the » Spirit- of Mortal Be
Proud." and Neighbor Daniel A. Ryan of
McKlnley Camp spoke the eulogy.
Consul commander. Thomas J. Barry. Golden
Gate Camp; advisor lieutenant, George W« Bal
tic, San Francisco Camp; escort. William" -M.
Hodgkins, Western Addition Camp; assistant
escort, H. J. Wessells,, Redwood Camp; watch
man. J. W. Mitchell, Haven Camp; banker. M.
J. McCabe, Mission Camp; clerk, F. C. Russell,
Golden. West Camp; sentry. A. A. Perrln, Tam
alpais Camp; manager, J. F.' O'Rorke, Rich
mond Camp; manager, J. M.- Sauteiv North End
Camp; manager. J. S. Patterson, Golden Gate;
master of ceremonies, P. L. Fitzgerald, Rich
mond Camp. . '
The ceremony of unveiling the monu
ment was exemplified with the ritualistic
ceremonies of the order, the following
neighbors acting as camp officers:
"The humblest life may be noble, while
the mightiest life may be contemptible.
The Woodmen find the best in the teach
ings of their craft, for honor and sturdy
manhood are foremost in their minds and
in their lives, and their actions. Wood
craft is founded on the highest ideals of
eternal life. In sickness and in death
Woodmen render practical assistance, a
principle that . is the foundation of the
craft."
WOODMEN'S IDEAXS.
"A few days ago," . said the' speaker,
"a distinguished citizen sank to his death
and all classes attended his funeral. They
assembled around . the bier of the good
man that they might show their respect.
During his life he had said, 'I want no
eulogy when I am gone; a man should
live his own eulogy.' . We, indeed, meas
ured men by their true standard.
The address was delivered by Neighbor
Merton C. Allen, who referred to the
memorial ceremonies of only a few days
since, when the whole nation stood by the
graves of the soldiers and sailors who had
passed away and laid upon their tombs
tributes of respect. It was, he said, an oc
casion when the people cast all else aside
in order to pay respect to the memory of
those who , had fallen in the service of
their country, as that day of sad memo
ries was sacred to them all, so was that
day upon which they, came together to
join In the memorial exercises to the de
parted Woodmen of the World. The ten
der sympathy of the nation was repeated
toward the order of woodcraft. He, the
speaker, might well say that "Though
dead, the departed members lived in their
memories and hearts." A monument to
the Woodmen of the World could be found
in every clime, yes, even in far away Af
rica, and Asia. A .Woodman's monument
was a monument to manhood and char
acter.
DELIVERS THE ADDRESS.
There was an orchestra of much excel
lence that discoursed appropriate selec
tions under the direction of Neighbor
Charles \Weisel, and the Knickerbocker
Male Quartette rendered the beautiful
numbers.! "Lead, Kindly Light," "Nearer,
My God to Thee," and "Sleep, . Neighbor,
Sleep." Miss, Flora A. Tippits sang the
beautiful soprano solo, "Angels JJright
and Fair:" "The Palms," too, was feel
ingly given as a cornet solo by Mr. Beach,
and Herbert Williams sang "The Holy
City." L. A. Larsen contributed "Thy
King Rodney" as a bass solo.
The background showed a forest scene
and a portion of a tree was represented
with an ax as though it had just been
struck down inio the great stump.
On the stage was a monument with the
inscription, "In Memory of Our Departed
Neighbors. Dum Tacet Clamat."
Memorial services of the Woodmen of the
World were performed yesterday at the
Alhambfa Theatre. Many hundreds came
to participate in the exercises in memory
of deceased "neighbors" of woodcraft and
the ceremony throughout was deeply im
pressivel
Hundreds Meet to Join
in the Craft's Memo
rial Services.
"My two little girls are Btaying at pres
ent with my sister, Mrs. J.\T. Merritt. at
the camp and my reason for, coming to
San Francisco is to get some things for
them," he said. "I have only my children
to live- for now. My life is blighted. My
wife, if left alone, would be content and
willing to do as I wish, and I know her
famiJy in the Transvaal will support me.
For the sake of my family and for the
sake of hers I hope the truth of this
whole sad business may never have to be
brought to light."
Dr. Anthony denied that he had ever
been cruel to his wife. He said she loved
him to-day and that he had a great friend
ship for her and had promised her. in
writing that he would take care of her
always to the best of his ability and
proyide for her.
Mrs. Anthony, he affirmed, had never
been insane, but she had always been
very excitable and of a nervous disposi
tion, and the knowledge of the divorce
had preyed upon her mind.
Mrs. Anthony's so-called friends, Pr.
Anthony declared, were at the bottom of
the notoriety given to the case and he
felt sure that the time would come when
Mcs. Anthony would find out that those
she. considered were her friends were in
reality -her worst enemies. <¦.";.»'*-?*,
In an interview last night at the house
of his sister, Mrs. J. T. Merritt. at S13
Oak street" Dr. Anthony said that he
regretted very deeply that the so-calied
friends of Mrs. Anthony should have
thought fit to rush into print. He de
nounced their statements as "rot" and
lies. He stated that he had filed his com
plaint for divorce on the grounds of deser
¥ on in order to cover up the graver
I aarges, ot which he had positive proof
Lnd which he trusted would never have
Lo be aired in court.
j Anthony said he did not believe Mrs.
,'Anthony would appear in court to defend
(the case and that he would take no
' further steps in the matter at ¦ present,
but would wait for his wife" to move.
Should she appear, however, then, to pro
tect himself and his good name he would
have to make known the whole storyl
"The facts are brietly these," said Dr.
Anthony. '"I came back from my hor
rible experiences in South Africa expect
ing to be united with my famil-v in a
happiness 1 had not known for years.
On arriving^ in Chicago I heard news about
rny wife that was confirmed on my ar
rival in San Francisco. My wife was in
a very weak state, both mentally and
physically, and I suggested that a month
in the sanitarium would be beneficial to
her. I never told her, that when she came
out we would live comfortably with the
children. What I did say was this, that
if, during the six months elapsing, after
our divorce she conducted herself in such
a manner that I considered her the proper
person to look after our children I would
let her have them to bring up. I have
been very charitable to her in making
the ground one of desertion instead of al
leging something far more discreditable."
!? Dr. Richard B. Anthony, who has filed
a complaint for divorce against his wife,
Mrs. Christina J. Anthony, on the grounds
of desertion, arrived in San Francisco last
night from Petaluma, where he has been
attending the camp meeting of the Sev
enth Day Adventists.
Doctor Denies the State
ments Made by His
Wife's Friends.
When only 20 he wrote a play called "A
Kentucky Hero," which was first pro
duced at Santa Barbara, and subsequently
all over the United States. Some one said
at the time that his father, ex-Judge Fer
ral of this city, wrote the first act to the
play, but Judge Ferral states positively
that his son wrote it all himself. Robert
wrote several other pieces, one of which,
"Little Miss Jealousy," was produced
with success in Philadelphia,- New York
and Boston. He held the position of press
agent at Keith's until his death. He was
about to be appointed assistant manager
of Keith's at Philadelphia. '
Robert Jefferson Ferral was near his
twenty-fifth birthday when he ended his
own life. His parents are almost pros
trated with grief. The body will be
brought to this city for interment.
He graduated from the Lowell: High
School and entered Hastfng's College of
Law, but quit there .to take up literary
work. He secured a position on The Call,
which he held for a year and a half, writ
ing and often illustrating his own sto
ries. He left The Call to take a position at
Keith's Theatre In New York.
ROBERT J. FERRAL, the young,
press -agent and playwright,' of
whose sad death in Philadelphia
word was received Saturday night,
would have undoubtedly developed
into a brilliant writer h,ad he , lived. ¦ He"
¦was always a brilliant scholar,' having
graduated from the Pacific Heights school
with the highest honors. "While yet- a boy
he delivered an address at a flag presenta
tion to the school. His first s appearaijce
on the stage was at the Grand Opera
House at the graduating exercises,- when
he represented the character of President
Harrison, bringing forth much comment
on his realistic work.
WOODMEM HONOR
THEIR DEPARTED
"LIES AND ROT"
SAYS ANTHONY
•Mr. Reed then spoke, of the telephone
system,*'. Its. faults '.and. poor service to the
public. : '_:¦¦¦ ¦¦ '¦¦ .-¦.,'¦¦¦ v v-v.;
: Reed called the attention of the city offi
cials and the Grand Judy to this. state of
affairs. iThe: books. of tHe. Post, he said,
showed the payments made.
'. But ."the most -convincing proof that I have
to offer, on; the subject' of ¦ the -corrupt 'prac
tices of the Bulletin is the fact that Its pro
prietor • has had his hands in the city treas
ury for the last year and has been fraudulently
and feloniously stealing the city funds. The
charter requires that the public printing shall
be" let ~ to a " newspaper ' having -. at ' least 8000
dally circulation. Last year there were only
the Post and ¦" Bulletin which could ' compete.
The' price formerly was 28 cents an Inch. Last
year : the Post bid 58 cents an inch and the
Bulletin " ¦ much • higher. - Upon - - receiving the
personal assurance of the representatives of
the Post and Bulletin that the printing could
not be done for lens, and that there' was no col
lusion in the bids, the Supervisors awarded the
contract to the Post at 58 cents an Inch." When
the Post changed hands, a few months ago it
¦was ; found that the— Bulletin was being paid
18 . cents - for every inch of printing \ that was
being I done . by . the Post. , : In • other words, the
Bulletin fraudulently conspired with its osten
sible rival to rob the city, and feloniously re
ceived ' nearly $5000 ' of the people's money be
fore the plot was. exposed. .
EXPOSES POST'S METHODS.
¦ The Emporium refused 'to submit to the de
mands of the Bulletin and withdrew what I lit
tle advertising . It had formerly given to* that
sheet. • Crothers straightway emptied the vials
of his. wrath upon the Emporium. -7
¦¦'¦¦ One of . the editors of the 'Bulletin "some
time, since went - to the manager . of the Em
porium and demanded advertisement ' to . the
extent' of $5000, and . being refused, threatened
to use the- political pull of the paper to pro
cure adverse legislation,, which would- cost the
store more than $5000. "
¦ The practice of the Bulletin in ! levying
blackmail-,. upon political candidates to pur
chase immunity from its attacks is well known
In political circles, but Its career in the busi
ness world 'ia even more outrageous. Its prac
tice has been to solicit advertising matter, and
then send, a .bill for more, than the contract
•prictfj-,- A refusal. to. pay was met by a threat
of being roasted. Another . practice was to get
a large amount of "write-ups" from \ business
houses upon the agreement that only a nom
inal rate- should he exacted, as the purpose of
the Bulletin, was to boom the .town. But the
unlucky merchants were afterward 'presented
with a bill at the highest rates. - So flagrant
was the ¦ conduct of Mr. ¦'" Crothers' gang that
Mr. " Dohrmann, ex-presldent of the Merchants'
'Association, was compelled to call a meeting
of merchants • in order to take measures to
'. reislst blackmail at the hands . of ! the ' Bulletin.
CHARGES a BLACKMAIL.
I In the last campaign for Mayor the Bulle- I
tin first came out for Tobin. It demanded
110,000 from the Phelan machine for the con- i
tinuance of that support, but as the price was
thought rather, high for such weight as the
"Boodllng Bulletin" had to give, that thrifty
paper went over to the other side. The
amount of boodle promised and paid by the
united corDorations of San Francisco for the
support of the ¦ Bulletin for Wells I was $7500 —
an extravagant price for such a . turn-coat ¦ and
blatherskite. . , -:
Mr.' Crothera struck a barerain with a can
didate for another office, at satisfactory terms
to each, but a few days later informed the
candidate that his rival offered more money
and so the' deal was oft." In another Instance
the proof of an article severely reflecting- upon
a ' candidate for office- and " accusing - him ; of
moral dellnquincles was shown, to the candi
date, and he was told that if • he would pay
a certain amount to the Bulletin the article
would, be suppressed and his election advo
cated.' The candidate submitted to the black
mailer, paid the. money and was elected to the
office which he- now- holds, j
BUIiliETIN CHANGES SIDES.
The Bulletin strongrly supported the late la
mented leader of reform in San Francisco for
many- years,- then its indorsement became
weaker, and finally turned into a blackmail
ing roast. The statesman's explanation of the
Bulletin's change of heart has become famous..
It was, '"the lease has expired."
In the campaign- for District Attorney three
years; ago the Bulletin took money from the
backers of the Republican and Democratic
nominees - for that office and supported each
with monetary impartiality in the same issues
of its paper. • . '
The' speaker said he had on .a previous
occasion given numerous specific examples
of blackmail and corrupt practices on the
part of the Bulletin. He went on:
Do you -not remember President Harriman's
speech at a recent banquet at the Palace Ho
tel, when he said that his company would soon
ask for large terminal privileges, and he hoped
it would not' be compelled to resort to "ques
tionable means" in order to obtain ' them?
What did President Harriman mean if not that
his . company was prepared to corrupt the pub
lic servants and bribe them to betray the peo
ple? He is not the only man that has blabbed
at a banquet. When President Harriman
uses "questionable means" we must pillory the
men who take his money, 6Y the money of any
other corporation. His company used "ques
tionable means" last year when the Bulletin
was bribed to support the railroad ticket. The
Bulletin had become a corrupt sheet. It will
betray, anybody or any cause for coin.
If the people ¦ would . take over each fran
chise as .It expires and opeiate , the system
themselves, in thirty years' time there would
not be a single private railroad in the city and
the people would own property which the specu
lators estimate to be worth $80,000,000. - The
first- franchise to fall in would be that of the
Geary-street' road, which expires In November,
1903. - -.-..;.
When " we look into the question ! of street
railways/then the needs of a Municipal Owner
ship League are apparent. . ¦
. "Water costs the people here seven times as
much as' It does the people • of New- York.
COSTLY WATER.
Charles "Wesley; Reed delivered an ad
dress last night at the Academy of Sci
ences before a crowded audience. The sub
jectof the address was "Municipal Own
ership," and the lecturer was frequently
applauded.
He said that friends of public ownership
were in the fight to win against all the
corporate bodies of San Francisco. To
win the citizens must organize a municipal
ownership league, which should never rest
until. the city owned and operated all of
Its public utilities. Fifty thousand dollars
had been spent by the City Engineer and
the Board of -Public Works, he said, "and
still plans ¦and estimates of the r cost of
the various" utilities provided for By. the
charter had not been submitted. These
officials, he declared, were frittering away
the years while- the enemies of municipal
ownership were intrenching themselves
with additional franchises. He continued:
Were there a municipal league with a mem
bership of 10,000 demanding: that these reports
b«* in they would have all- been placed on file
long ago and a vote on the question of ac
quiring- . their own water supply could have
been had ¦ by the people. These engineers' re
ports so far place the cost of the water-supply
millions of dollars higher ¦ than any other en
gineers' estimates; they have selected the most
difficult routes, have refused to pass upon the
shortest ' and most obvious one, and . have re
fused to examine one of the best water sup
plies that is obtainable, the north fork of the
American River. Many engineers of the high
est standing | have assured the Supervisors that
the City engineer's figures' are ' too high by
millions. ' ¦"•¦¦ •
Avers Conspiracy Existed
to Secure the City's"
Advertising.
CHarles . Wesley Reed
Declares It Guilty
of Blackmail.
Passing of Robert Fefral, Who Was 'About
to Become Assistant Manager at Keith's
• v in Philadelphia, Is Greatly Deplored Here
CITIZEN FLAYS
THE BULLETIN
DEATH ENDS PROSPECT
OF BRILLIANT FUTURE
THE SA1ST FRAISTCISCP VCAI/L; MONDAY, JTJNE 9, 1902.
12
SCO.
Camping supplies shipped
-to arrive safely
W ; h:i s k y
Old Crow bourbon 1893 I | x 25bot <x
Hermitage^ 1854 J 5 pd
Bull Dog ryeor bourbon — full qt I 25
F re nch cognac
Hennessy— our bottling— $ X 1 5
reg 1 Iy Ji 50 bottle— 16 gallon 4 50
C 1 a ret .
V- Zinfandel— the wine we ago aqC
for our best trade— rejfly 50c gal H
Cherries '
D. & G. French fruit in marasquln rc^
—reg'Iy 60c quart— for flavoring . D *
summer drinks— cocktails
Everard beer
Mild lager brewed from pts *t *«
Canada malt ; -T *J
ng'lytiSS— >2 35^ozen qts
F r encn soap
Roger & Gallet— Pinand-Vee-o-tay
—different odors — reg'Iy 75c box
~.cf 3 cakes
Tooth powder 1
- LIsterated— regTy *5e bottl* , 20C
Ice pick .
Quick and easy— ttfTj 25c *OC
Freezers
Magic— 20 per cent disc ntt? mt\*
Will last for years— 3 qts $2 50 $2
other sIzes-10-12— 4tf* -**5 2 30
14 quarts — 6qts $75 3 ,
—8 qts 450 365 -,
Ask for June catalogue —
special camping number
432 Plna 232 Suttar 2800 California
4^ rm San Franolaoo
Thirteenth and Ctay StraaU O»k!«n«
f DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
. MEDICAL' ,- _,
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS. 1
Mil. T. HESS,
K0TABT PUBLIC ATO ATT0a5BT-AT-IiAW.
Tentb Floor, Boom 1015, Claus Spreckels Bide;
Telephone Main OSS. -
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell.
, Residence Telephone. James 1301.
MARKET ST.3J, 1 SSa^
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING
We beg to notifg our customers and
the public generallD that, commenc-
ing Mon dag, June 9th, we will
have I SPECIAL SALE OF SATIN
STRIPED FRENCH PRINTED >
These Chains are all in the yepg ;
latest designs and colorings fop 19D2
and were imported to sell at 85c
and $1.00 nard.
. Our Mall Order Department Is most complete. All
orders Top samples or goods filled and shipped, same dau
then are received.
III. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
I H. CORCORAN SCO;
SPECIAL TBEEE-DAY SALF.
55 lbs Pore Cane Gran. Sugar. .$1.00
Full weight. Sold with orders only.
Baking Powder (Royal), Mb cans . . 40c
:*• Regular price 45c and 60c.
Corn, Rose brand, 3 cans 25c
New York pack; first quality. Reg. 10c
Coffee, Eest Costa Rica, per Ib. . . . 20c
Thin Is regular 25c quality and will make
a good clear cup.
Port and Beans, • . -10c
. Makes a quick meal. Regularly sold 20c
tin.
Flour, Sperry's Best, 10 lbs. . . . .20c
Makes nice white pastry. Reg. 25c.
Soap, Sand, for scouring, 8 caies. .25c
Fusry housekeepers don't want to over-'
look th's. •
Soap, Castile, for the toilet, 2 bars. . 25c
This soap is well seasoned and makes a nice
• lather.
Soap, for the laundry. 12jakes. . .25c
Easy on the hands. Why pay more when'
you can get It at this price?
Macaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghetti, 5 lbs 25c
Received daily from factcry. . Reg. price
3 lbs. 25c.
Campers or summer resorts do not want to
orerlook ur. No trouble to show goods. We
pack and ship free of charge within 100 miles:
1201 VALENCIA ST.
Comer Twenty r third. Phone Mission 9.
(3 OLD BERQ
BDWEN
& CO
Porcelain and crystal
Re f'rigc r a t o r s
tile and oak ' exterior
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
T e a
io varieties— reg'Iy 50c Ib— Ann
including " Bee ?t brand Ceylon H
G 00 s e - 1 iver
Teyssonneau— puree' de foles gras 20c
—sandwich paste— reg'Iy 25c can *"
Tomato catsup
G. B. & Co.— the best 3 bots cqc
ingredients — reg'Iy 20c °
Breakfast mush
University wheat— ] 3 pkgs 0 __
University oats 2 pkgs z o
B o u i -.1 j. p n
Anker — beef tea with celery flavor 2 cc
—reg'Iy 30c box of ten capsules D
S q u ash- pumpkin
Extra quality — delicious for 15c
pie— reg'Iy 20c can {& doz - $1 65
O 1 i v e oil
Bottled in Bordeaux France pint 5 cq
— importer's price— special T.
; full quart OOC
P v a ska coffee
Preferred by many to Java 2 lbs r cq
and Mocha— reg'Iy 35c lb °°
R o y a n s
With truffle and pickle— 2 for 2 c;c
3 varieties— reg'Iy 15c can °
M us t a r d
With horse-radish — 2 for 2?C
piquant— reg'Iy 15c bottle D
R F^ *T T 0"^ -
¦ n r. I *j3^-
All-wool Suits to Order ,
¦ <?j 1 £* p>o ' j*K_
Fine Dressy Suits to i^^^^^L
$20.00. l^^^i
Pants $4.30 up. ' - 1^^^^ CT
Joe Poheim,^r^
THE TAILOR, \|M
1110 and 1112 Market St. W*M '
201 and 203 Mont'y St. - ffiJa
143 South Spring St., : Wm*tt*^\ ;
Loa Angeles. jl^'laKS^
Perfect Fit Guaranteed .,
or No Sale. « v*^\
•^WiS^fc VVeakEyeaStrenftthened.
-^J^L^ Falnful or Inflamed eyes la-
Tfta5KBfe ttantly relieved wlthGBoRUS
vXSSBPj* MAYEKLE'S German E7»
'^Wl^^ Water. BOc, at 1071 Markal
: » « it. T«L ¦ South 5T2. Nono ren-
cloa without .this trademark.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I QIBSONTS
Observations No. 11
Published hy "Your Sotom Friend," every once in » ¦wHHe
Did you ever think if your collar could be just a
' little different, a little lower in the back, maybe, or a
trifle larger, perhaps, or the buttonholes bigger, that
the earth would be a Paradise?
I'm looking for such men. *--:
| I want the trade of particular people so much
that I'll make all their collars to order for 25c each.
Yes, that's cheap; but look at the friends I make.
; I'm after business — red-hot after business — and
I'm going to get it.
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend/'
Furnishing's for Gentlemen.
i 1202*1204 Market St. 'Phone South 850
\y~^- — ' " "" ' 111... „.,.... '' " """" m
ADVERTISEMENTS.