SAN' FRANCISCO, WEDNESD^^ 23; 1902.
V SCENE: QN ELLIS i STREET .WHEN- AnVeLEC'TRIC .' CAR ; WAS -SToVPEblBT h-DMVING\v'-A*_ TRUCK 1 i:HE •
: :: -" -'TRACK AND THE MOTORMAN INDUCED BY, STRIKERS TO .QUIT 'AND JOIN THE UNION.: OTHER.VIEWS ¦
, OF!; THEr STRIKE DEVELOPMENTS. .'¦'•, ¦¦•."¦; . '; ? '¦-' '¦ ''-¦;¦¦ ¦.'_ ['- ~' .'.'' ¦-. 1 :. 1 f ; ':. : - ':"..,'- ;V /;-.""¦¦' •* '"/'".V
Attempts to
Move Cars
Fail.
' %T^; • "bt^OT-'a,wheel'.wasrturned-yes
. /iB^' . / -terday. on . the variqus^lines
¦ / '¦V/ ' of the United;Railroads, save
¦I - on .ElHs v and. Sutter streets,
\^*%i~ ' »': where one or tw : o- cars were
. - run : to.': preserve franchise
rights'. £ The' most ' activity : In the line ' of
moving , cars ; yesterday'- took i place on the
Ellis-street: line. t ; r . , , • »'.' '
¦ •Yl.ong , before ;^7 o'clock _ yesterday . morn
ing several hundred ' strikers f ro m • all lines
ln\: the city , gathered fat v^the ,Turk-street
car. repository.-- In anticipation -of trouble,
Lieutenant \ Birdsall -and V fifty policemen
« Continued on*Page ; Four.
'Continued on' Pagfe" Four.
Continued on Page Pour. .
declared off 'within the next- twenty-four
hours.'- • ¦"". ; : : ' . ( -' ' ::^- v ; . . ¦¦ '¦'•¦'?.. 'Z:'~' }
.¦-"Whether 'the .company will grant aH:the
demands iof i the^strikers I haB .not" yet 'de-j
veloped,' : but '¦'. that; certain concessions iby
¦ both ¦ sides ; will \ be : demanded * and granted
Is ? a certainty. Tirey iJ. v Ford, the : chief
A' N' important conference 'of 'the
- /& '>_*¦ parties to j the • carmen's: strike
-'i"A^ B-"''^?- be neld in the office 'of the
¦''/^¦''¦' United Railroads of San '.Fran-,
JL"- ". -^- -cisco : at; 10 o'clock : this niorn
; .? • ;r:ingV; The arejthat
the trbubie .will be settled and" the f strike
counsel 5 of i the \ railway/: corporation, j ex-'
pressed j the last ;¦ night i that • ' the
strike; would be' settled within a' few hours
at ; most. 1 ¦ In '¦ an Interview he said : • -•¦> t 
'-¦ '.We "received . a . letter; from the Mayor, urging
Hurled From. Her Bicycle.
SANTA ROSA. April 22.— While riding
a bicycle on South Davis street last even-
Ing, Miss Edna Locke sustained injuries
that may prove very serious. Her wheel
struck a stone and she lost control. In
failing, her head came in violent contact
with a large rock, rendering her uncon
scious. She did not recover consciousness
until after 2 o'clock this morning. His
feared she has sustained concussion of
the brain. Miss Locke is a teacher in the
Davis Street school in this city, and is
• prominent educator of Sonoma county.
M Vf \ HE most important develop
m ment-of the strike : situation
E . last night was the agreement '
g of the officials of the United'':
JBL. Railroads of "~. San .Francisco
to ¦ meet Mayor Schmitz- and I
a committee of the strikers at 10 o'clock'
this morning. The conference will be held i
in the Mayor's ofllce in deference to* the
wishes of ' the striking* employes. '.-.- I
Mayor' Schmitz sought all day to bring
about a meeting, and . as a. last resort he
sent a letter to the .company [ in which he \
requested that a conference be held 'and
Belief That
Peace Is
Near.
SOLDIEBS ON GUARD
AT PEKING LEGATIONS
Unusual Precautions Being Taken to
Prevent Another Attack
by the Chinese.
PEKING, April 22.— In spite of the fact
that, in order . to allay the uneasiness of
the masses, Chinese officials have been
urging the immediate return of the Dow
ager Empress to the palace, she has de
cided, according to to-night's Gazette, to
remain at the Hunting Park, five miles
Xrom Peking, for one week.
Rumors of some political coup, possibly
the deposition of the Dowager Empress,
ere rife. They are apparently as baseless
es the other recent canards. The foreign
legations here continue their unusual
precautionary measures. At. the Ameri
can legation a squad of soldiers patrol
the wall every night.
-A bold criminal, who essayed the role of
both strangler and highwayman, made a
brutal attack upon a young woman named
MTss Magrane at the corner of Central
avenue and Halght street shortly after 10
o'clock last night. Armetl with a piece
of pliable. wire the brutal fiend came upon
the, young 1 woman from behind and with
out a word of warning twisted the wlra
around her neck and then, applying his
entire strength, he made a desperate ef
fort choke her to death. Miss Magrane
struggled gamely in the grasp of the
strangler and managed to scream loudly
several times before she began to lose
consciousness.: She was on her way horns
when she was attacked.
The fiend doubled the wire'.around the
young woman's neck and pulled both
ends, which were protected with cloth
wrappings, so. hard that the wire sank
deep into her neck. Inflicting painful in
juries; from, which she may not recover
for some time.
Fearing, perhaps, that the young wo
man's cries "for help might arouse the
neighborhood the strangler made a vicious
attempt to tear her diamond earrings out.
Miss Magrane fought the savage criminal
with a ' courage seldom exhibited by a
woman, and finally succeeded in freeing
herself from his grasp.
The strangler made another assault
on the helpless young woman and suc
ceeded in wrestling her to the ground. He
tried in vain to pull her purse from be
neath the folds of her dress, where she
had it concealed, and. failing in this, he
again turned his attention to her ear
rings and made a final attempt to pull
them from their fastenings.
Miss Magrane struggled and screamed
as best she could with the cruel wire cut
ting deep in the flesh on her neck, and
soon she succeeded in arousing the neigh
borhood.
The struggle. took place in front of tha
residence of Dr. Ragar^and his wife was
the first to answer the struggling woman's
cries for help. Mrs. Ragan opened 'the
window, and. seeing at a glance that the
fiend was making a desperate effort to
choke Miss Magrane to death, she called
loudly for help. Other neighbors heard
thexries and, lifting their windows, joined
in the
The strangler made a last desperate ef
fort to get his coveted booty. Miss Ma
grane struggled harder than ever when
she knew assistance was at hand. Real
izing that if he stayed in the neighbor
hood a, minute longer he would be cap
tured, the strangler left his victim lying:
on the sidewalk and took to his heels.
Special Policeman Baker heard the loud
outcries and ran to the" scene. Ho ar
rived just in time to see the brute who
committed tho assault make bl3 escape
throvgh the shrubbery in the park. He
ran along one of the numerous pathways
in the park and finally made good his
escape. AH efforts to : trace him, proved
futile. In the meantime Miss Magtano
was carried Into Dr. Ragan's house,
where her injuries were dressed. Tho
physician worked over her for fully an
hour before she was in condition to b»
moved to her. home at 451 Buena Vista
avenue.
". When ¦ carried into Dr. Ragan's hou3e
Miss Magrane's neck was still encircled
with the wire with which her assailant
had attempted to choke her. The pol!c«
were notified late last night an.] thj
neighborhood was thoroughly searched in
the hope of finding some trace ot tho
strangler.'
Miss Magrane's condition last night was
quite serious. She was roughly bandied
by. the brute. - ami in addition to being
nearly choked to death, received i bad
fright, t
Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. April S2.-Cuban
T«r5procity is to be made a party measrra
In the Senate. Without Democratic aid
the Republican leaders propose to put
through a bill which, if it does not give
ell that Cuba's friends desire, will at
least, in the Senators* eyes, redeem th-3
pledge which their party has made." The
bill may be more liberal than the House
measure. Whatever it may grant, .the
concessions will receive the seal of party
caucus, and the "Insurgents" in the up
per house Tvill have no comfortable lot.
This was determined on at an impor
ts nt preliminary conference held to-day
by a majority of the Republican Senators.
This conference was held in a room 01
the Senate Committee on Finance during
the afternoon sitting of the Senate, and
»ss extended for some time after ad
journment.
In the main the Senators invited to par
tkipate were ihose friendly to reciprocity
legislation, but some of the opposition Re
publican members were also present-
In the absence of Senator Allison, who
Is chairman of both the Republican cau
cus and the Republican steering commit
tee, Senator Hale presided. As a result of
the meeting there will be an early meet-
Ing of the Senate Committee on Relations
U-ith Cuba to take up the question on the
lasls of the House bill, which is now be
fore that committee. The Republican
tnembers of the committee will act to
trther in formulating a substitute for tho
House bill, and none of them is to co
tperate wjfh tjte Democratic members of
the committee. Tfce "till 'thus agreed upon
by the Republican members will be sub
mitted to the Republican caucus of the
Senate and be made a party measure.;
The concensus of opinion seemed to be
that a bill granting not to exceed a 25 per
cent reduction should be reported by the
committee, and there was general unan
imity as to the advisability of eliminating
the House provision striking out the dif
ferential duty on refined sugar.
"Word comes direct to the Senate from
the White House that the President will
elfn the House bill should the Senate
Bend" It to him In. that form.
May Drop Differential
Clause on Refined
Sugar.
Attempts to Tear Her
Diamonds From
. Her Ears.
Miss Magrane Falts
Victim to Cruei
Criminal.
Means Found to Whip
the Insurgents
Into Line.
Tries to Choke Young
Woman With Piece
of Wire.
Cuban Bill to Receive
Seal of Party
Caucus.
BRUTAL
ACT OF
ROBBER
SENATORS
WILL USE
THE LASH
RAILWA Y CORPORATION CONSENTS TO MEM^^
JTJT/5 HONOR EUGENE E. SCHMITZ ', MAYOR OF "SAN rFRANCISCOSir: -Replying to your ikind noie of tins day is. just- received, -we begjo < savthdtCwe are ready now, as we have ever been, to meet any employe
jm jB of the companies from which we recently purchased 1 certain '¦ street-railways in this city] and we/should be greatf^ employes and talk over inatters with them. We would suggest
JL JL the office of the President of this company, in the W 'ells-Far go building, as the place and' 10 o'clock tp-morrdwflp'cdnesday)'^ • - -
Attest: GEORGE B. WILCUTT, Secretary. . 'UNITED :RAILRO ADS OF SAN FRAN % CISCO.
San Francisco, April 22, 1902. ' " , '\ "'•*• ¦.-;, )';- * . -' \ V~' \ :^ ' / - " .- By the Executive: Committee of the Board of Directors.
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S LETTER TO THE UNITED RMm
y T* NIT ED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO: The existing stnkc\on:yonr street car lines is causing the greatest public iiicdnvcnicncc.. It s isd that this strike should continue. There is
a I almost certain ground for believing that a conference bctzvecn representatives of your ¦company and 'of thc.stnking street car employes li'ill. result, at once in an adjustment and cessation of , the. strike. I therefore hereby again request
%*~S you to arrange for an immediate conference with the striking-employes with a zriczutozvdrd settling your^differences oil fair (and' friendly terms. I offer youihcuseof'jny'.offjcegtthcCityHall as neutral ground, and also my per
sonal services for any assistance which I may be ablejo render in'accomplishingthe much to be desired officers the desirability — and, indeed, the neces
sity — of such a conference. The street car men have. readily 'assented to the proposition, but apparently you JiavcUhusfdnavoidcd it. > The [people )of< the city are disposed'to be friendly to you, and there is certainly no disposition on the part of
our public officials to interfere zvith you in any manner, but if this deplorable'situation is permitted to continue through-an obstinate, refusal iqji your. part to confer/ you alone will be responsible for the results: ' ¦ . '
VOLUME XCI-NO. 144.
RAILWAY COMPANY AGREES TO MEET
MAYOR SCHMITZ AND CARMEN TO=DAY
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.ADDRESS BT BISHOP BENT.— Bishop
Bent will address the Woman's Auxiliary to
the Board of Missions and the Guild of St.
Boniface at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon ln the
parlors of the Occidental Hotel.
At the end of the third day those who
have been keeping a memorandum of the
people who were on board the steamer
report that eighty are known to be saved
fifty-one are known to be lost and more
than twenty are missing. It is believed
that the death list will go as high as sev
enty. . . • .
CAIRO, 111., April 22,-The insurance
men, a wrecking crew and others have
been investigating the ruina of the burned
steamer City of Plttsburg to-day, but ow
ing to the heat and the condition of the
hull little has been done toward recover
ing bodies.
the Hull Because of Intense
.! *¦'?:¦ Heat.
Sodies Cannot Yet Be Taken From
SEVENTY THE NUMBER
OF A STEAMER'S VICTIMS
"The development of the system," said
Professor Moore to-night, "was ordered
by Secretary Wilson, and It has been
brought to its present satisfactory state
under his supervision. We believe we
have perfected a telephonic receiver of
value. By means of this receiver we are
able to take messages as rapidly as by
wire. The system belongs to the Weather
Bureau and is fully covered by patents.
We are working over an ideal course, and
I feel confident the system will operate
to the satisfaction of the army and navy
officers who will witness its performance.
But between Roanoke and Hatteras there
is a body of salt water, which materially
aids the transmission. I doubt If it la
feasible to obtain satisfactory results by
wireless telegraphy over fresh water or
land. We do not claim great results for
our instruments. We simply believe that
we have an efficient system for working
over salt -water."
Two stations fifty miles apart have been
established— one on Roanoke Island, off
the North Carolina coast, and the other
at Cape Hatteras. Before tho experi
ments are concluded it is expected that
eighty miles can be covered without dif
ficulty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. }J.
W., WASHINGTON, April 22.— As a re
sult of persistent investigation tho
Weather Bureau, under the supervision
of Secretary of Agriculture Wilson, ha3
developed a system, of wlreles3 telegraphy
whicn is superior to any now ln use.
Several months ago The Call's corre
spondent wired that the receiver used
in the secret experiments of the Govern
ment was an ordinary Bell telephone in
strument wound to a ; high resistance.
This makes the most sensitive apparatus
known in electrical science, and by it
messages can * be transmitted as rapidly
as over ordinary telegraph wire, enabling
aots and dashes to be read, witnout diffi
culty. . ' ' -v-' -j ¦¦¦' '
Brigadier General Greely, chief signal
officer, accompanied by Captain Rusaeli,
also of the signal corps, is now on his
way to the scene of experiments in North
Carolina. Lieutenants A. JM. Beecher and
J. M. Hudgins-, assistants to Rear Admiral
Bradford, chief of the Bureau of Equip
ment of the Navy Department, will leave
Washington to-morrow night." These four
officers will witness a test of the system
the latter part of this week.
Important Tests to Be Made
by Army and Navy
/-Officers.
Its Wireless Telegraphy
Superior to Any Now
in Use.
WEATHER BUREAU
HAS N EW SYSTEM
President Roosevelt Sends a Number
| of Nominations to the
. ; ;' ¦.»¦' . Senate.
' ; W^ASHINGTON, April 22.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate:.
.'•Justice— United States Attorney, Joseph
L. Lippman, district of Utah. United
States Marshals— Henry Z. Osborne,
southern district of California; John
Shine, northern district, of California.
Navy — Rear Admiral Henry C. Taylor,
Chief,. of the Bureau of Navigation.
The President to-day: appointed Benja
min F. | Barnes of New Jersey Assistant
Secretary, to succeed O. L. Pruden, de
ceased. Barnes was born abroad of
American parents In 1868. He Is a grad
uate of the law department of George
town University and has been ln the
Government service • for over, twelve
years. . ; ' . . . ; , ,. ".....
KAMES ADMIBAL TAYLOB
FOE NAVIGATION BUREAU
ARIZONA'S PRESENT EXECU
TIVE AND THE MAN WHO
WILL SUCCEED .HIM. :-:';<V
j SAN JOSE, April 22.— The .Elks of this
city will give. a circus, in the near future.
Several of the San Jbseans witnessed the
show ln Stockton, and at the meeting last
night a resolution was adopted in favor
of holding a circus here. The Elks' Hall
Association will have charge of the affair.
Stockton's entertainment will serve as a
model for the San Jose show. .
N San Jose Elks Want a ¦ Circus.
BAND OF BULGARIANS
} ¦ INVADE SULTAN>S ; DOMAIN
Penetrate to the Vilayet of Kossbvo,
but Are Repelled iby Turkish
;'. . ¦ t ' ' .'¦ Troops. v
¦ CONSTANTINOPLE." April. 22.— A band
of. thirty Bulgarians recently, crossed the
frontier and penetrated to' the vilayet of
Kossovo, Roumelia. after a fight with
Turkish troops. Later tt became lenown
that the Turkish troops 'subsequently, re
pelled the band of Bulgarian invaders.
The above;bulletln caused the greatest
satisfaction here and elsewhere in Hol
land., The rumors 'of 'the intention of the
Government to take, steps' looking to' the
establishment of a .regency- will, there
fore, probably not materialize. Professor
Roosensteln. the pathologist- of 'Leyden
University, had a further cpnsultatlon to
day with her Majesty's physicians.: v
Queen Wllhelmtna, to-day '-'signed .a de
cree relating to the election^of a member
of the first Chamber of Parliament. The
Cabinet was reluctant to trouble her Ma
jesty in the matter, bfit-as the election
day waa close at hand and the case was
urgent the Queen's physicians allowed her
to sign the document. >. '"¦ ? - '
Falls and Consciousness Is
Not-, Interrupted. ; ¦: ¦
THE . HAGtJE, , April | 22. — Dispatches
from' Castle; Loo- announce that the , con
dition of Queen -Wilhelmlna, according: to
her physician's,'- continues to be favorable.'
After a consultation-casting three-quar
ters of an hour between Professor Roos
enstein and the other physicians the fol
lowing bulletin -was Issued this afternoon:
"There is a slight improvement in the
Queen's condition, manifested by the fall-
Ing temperature since morning. Her Ma
jesty's consciousness is maintained with
out Interruption. The Queen's- general
condition Is satisfactory.'^ -¦¦¦¦
Temperature I of the Young i Queen
WHiHELMlNA IMPROVES
X AND HOLLAND REJOICES
Almost all the towns, .villages and plan
tations in that' rich- part of the republic
have been destroyed. .The loss of life has
not" been <vety"Cfc* av y .owing to • the «asjj
means of' escape f afforded by <¦ the low
houses. The volcano 'of : Chlngo, on the
border of Guatemala and , Salvador, has
become active again. The volcano of
Santa Maria, i ln the western part of the
republic, which is also In a state of erup
tion, has' not ¦ been as active since the
earliest Spanish settlement. It appears to
have been the center of ;the earthquake.
Relief Is being extendjEjr-to the earth
quake sufferers by the£j6r$vernment.
Great damage by earthquakes was
wrought in Solola; Santa Lucia, Nahuala
and San Juan.
GUATEMALA, April 22.— News of wide
spread desolation and ruin Is coming in
from the whole western section of Guate
mala, as telegraph wires are now begin
ning to work. j
Special Dispatch to The; Call.
Many Towns in Guate
mala Suffer From
th© Temblor.
RUIN FOLLOWS
. AN EARTHQUAKE
•WOODLAND. April 22.^-The Southern Pa
cific , Company has written to the Woodland
Chamber of. Commerce , that * the omission . of
Woodlartd "from the ' tourists* 'm^p. was an over
eight . and ; would : b«, corrected ¦ at ¦ once I by, tho
publication of a 'new edition.- •':• ,. ¦S$^<f&j|§f.
t DENVER, Colp... April; 22.— Delegates'to
the meeting of the General Society of. the
Daughters-, of the : Revolution, which' will
begin here at 11 o'clock to-morrow/' came
ln considerable numbers to-day. The-.Colo
rado society has made elaborate prepara
tions for their entertainment. -This after
noon a trolley car ride over the city was
given. the delegates, after which they. were
entertained at a reception at the home of
Mrs. Charles B. Kountze.
Daughters of Revolution Assembl e.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 22.— A special
to the Telegram ; from ? Washington • says
that William G. Van Hbrne was to-day
appointed Judge of. the' Court- of "First
Instance at Cairo, Egypt. The position
Is a life one. The Court of First Instance
Is an International body maintained . by
the various maritime governments and
passes upon questions r arising out" of.- the
Suez traffic and kindred matters. : Judge
Van Home Is an attorney of Bait Lake.
Utah Attorney Gains Appointment
COLVILLE, .Wash., April' 22.— The
Grand Jury of Stevens County has re
turned two .indictments against J. E. M.
Bailey, Prosecuting Attorney of the
county, charging him with perjury and
illegal collection of fees. It is charged
that Bailey, although using passes,
bought railroad tickets,. charged, them to
the county, and then • sold them or gave
them away. It is also : charged that he
collected ?5 In excess of la wful fees in a
criminal case and pocketed the money.
County's Attorney Indicted.
MANILA. April 22.— The cholera record
to date is as follows: Manila. 433 cases
and 366 deaths; provinces. 989 cases and
703 deaths. It has been decided that the
case of suspicious sickness discovered on
board the United States transport Buford,
which returned here yesterday after sail
ing Sunday for San Francisco, was not a
case of cholera. Consequently the Buford
proceeded to-day on her way to the
V'nited States. f; '• ¦<.
Cholera Spreads in Philippines.
DENVER. April 22.— M. Boehm, high
chief ranger of the Pacific Coast jurisdic
tion o£ the Ancient Order of Foresters,
has enjoined the Denver lodges of the or
der from receiving E. A. Hayes, high
-chief ranger of the Atlantic coast, who is
expected to arrive ln this city to-morrow.
Hayes claims the Rocky Mountain coun
try under a dispensation from the High
Court of the World, while' Boehm asserts
authority by virtue of possession. Be
cause its members side with the Atlantic
division Court Eureka has been suspend
ed and Hayes will find this lodge alone
open to him. The dispute as to jurisdic
tion has gone to the High Court for ad
judication. 'A...'
Conflict in Forester Jurisdiction.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 22.—
Eighty members of the; faculty and stu
dent body; "comprising nearly the entire
cast, 1 chorus and orchestra of the "Anti
gone," left for San Jose to-night, where
they will board the through train for Los
Angeles. Three special cars have been
engaged for the party. The first perform
ance of "Antigone" will be given In Los
Angeles to-morrow night, the second in
Pasadena on Thursday night, and the last
in Santa Barbara the following evening.-
Southrons to See "Antigoue." '
KANSAS CITY. April 22.— In Kansas
City, Kans., to-day John Calhoun was
Ehot by his son Roland three times and
fatally wounded. The father had attacked
the son's married sister. Mrs. Lottie
Langfcrd. and when young Calhoun in
terfered the elder Calhoun attacked him
with a knife. Then young Calhoun used
a revolver in self-defense, every one of
the five Khots fired by him taking effect.
John Calhoun is 55 years of age and his
eon '21.
Son Fatally Wounds Father.
PALO ALTO,. April 22.— M. H. Newbiirg,
'02, one of the three Stanford students
arrested on the charge of disturbing the
peace in Palo Alto during a recent the
atrical performance In Curry's Hall, was
acquitted in Justice Charles' court this
afternoon. His trial was the last of the
three, the two yesterday resulting in the
acquittal of F. E. Naugle, "03, and the
conviction of T. M. Coen. '05. Sentence
was to have been passed on Coen to-day
but Judge Charles postponed it in order
that cause might be shown for a new
trial. . /
Student Newburg Acquitted.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— The House
to-day < by a vote of : 75 to 72 rejected
claims attached to the omnibus claims
bill- by the Senate aggregating $1,800,000,
and on the heels of. that action non-con
curred in the whole Senate amendments
(the various Items having been/ruled to
constitute a single amendment), and sent
the bill to conference.
The Military Academy appropriation bill
¦was passed to-day after the limit of cost
of the improvements at ¦ West Point had
been reduced from $6,500,000 to $5,500,000,
and the amount of appropriation in the
bill from three to two million dollars. The
London dock charge bill was called up,
but was not disposed of.
House of Representatives Passes
Upon a Bill Carrying Millions
'¦'?/?."¦'. "S:.: of Dollars. •' '.'M-.S-'ui
CLAIMS ARE , REJECTED
' . BY "A CLOSE VOTE
Lucy informed neighbors that she had
Ehct a man. and they found the body in
front of her door. Coroner Fletcher. Dis
trict Attorney Webb and Reporter Worm
ley went to Beckwith to-day to Investi
gate. The people there consider It a clear
case of justifiable homicide.
Shoots Through a Door at Man Who
fl'k -¦ Is Attempting to Gain
Admission.
QUJNCY. April 22.— At Beckwlth last
nigh* Indian Lucy shot and killed George
Washington, a negro' who . came from
Reno ten days ago and who for two years
was porter in the Palace Hotel in Reno.
The negro was drunk during the evening.
He tried to get a bottle of whisky at a
saloon, but was refused, and afterward
stele a bottle at a hotel. ,
Lucy, who has done washing for people
in the town for years, lives in a small
house. The negro went to the house anu
tried to get in, but was refused admit
tance. He then got a piece of rail and at
tempted to pry -open the door. He was
about to succeed when Lucy sent a charge
of shot from a single barrel shotgun
through the door, blowing off ¦ the top of
his head.
FRESNO, April 22.— The City Trustees
are. determined that the nickel-in-the-slot
machine shall not flourish here, and to
overcome objections under State law and
city ordinance and the apparent Inability
to obtain convictions, have devised the
most drastic measure yet conceived. It
was unanimously presented for second
reading last night and is an amendment
of the license ordinance, providing for the
forfeiture of any i license granted to any
business, wholesale or retail. If the license
holder allow on his premises any. kind of
a gambling device except ordinary dice. .
Nickel Machines Must Go.
INDIAN WOMAN KILLS
. NEGRO IN SELF-DEFENSE
The. Chancellor also expressed his belief
that the advance'in the price of bread,
which- had been a half-penny to one pen
ny a loaf higher throughout the United
Kingdom since the budget announcement,
would recede as soon as the trade had
adjusted Itself to the new conditions. The
whole evening was occupied with a heat
ed debate of the corn duties. At mid
night Balfour, the Government leader,
applied the closure, and the corn duties
resolution was adopted by 273 votes to 197.
LONDON, April 22.— In the course of a
debate on the grain. tax -in,' the House of
Commons this evening the ; Chancellor of
the Exchequer, Sir Michael -Hicks-Beach,
announced that "offal," or coarse meal
for stock feeding, would pay only 3 pence
per hundredweight, ipstead of 5 pence.
He added that in "the case of flour and
fine meals the farmers had been greatly
disturbed by the fear that a heavy tax
on "offal" would offset any protective ad
vantages which they would gain by tho
grain duty.
His.Bu.dget^
British Chancellor of the Exchequer
- ' Explains Some Features of
BURDEN OF FARMERS
' i IS . RENDERED LIGHTER
KESWICK. April 22.— The rich copper
strike made in the ravine on the opposite
side of the river east of Keswick is turn
ing out to be something phenomenal. A
five-inch ledge of 2S per cent ore has
widened out to twelve feet of about IS per
cent^ ore, besldea "carrying a, gold valuo
of $5 a ton. A local assayer says the ore
Is the highest grade he has seen ln this
field with the exception of the Bully Hill
ore.. Tbe showing of copper was unex
pected, as the miners were looking for
quartz.
tho Ore Is of High
Grade.
Has Widened Out to Twelve Feet and
KESWICK COPPER LEDGE
GIVES GREAT PROMISE
Army orders announced that the leave
of -absence granted Captain Edwin V:
Bookmiller. Ninth Infantry, Department
of California, is extended one month. Sec
ond Lieutenant Sydney Smith, Sixteenth 1
Infantry, is ordered from Columbus Bar
racks to San Francisco for duty, pending
the arrival of his- regiment in 'the United
States. Major Henry F.. Hoyt. surgeon,
now at San Francisco, is ordered to Fort
Douglas, Utah. ¦ » .
These patents were issued to-day—Cali
fornia—Albert Andrians, San Francisco,
secret service, telephone, system; Paul
Barnum, j San .Francisco, , window sash;
Frank G. Baum, Stanford University, as
signor to Stanley Electric 'Manufacturing
Company, Pittsfleld," Mass., compensation
of generators of motors; same, means for
compensating generators or motors; Wil-.
Hum Booth, San Francisco,' oil burners
for furnace; Pierre Bourri, Weaverville,
machine for moving bowlders, etc.; David
C. . Demarest. Angels Camp, guide >, for
stamp stems; James J. Hervey, Rands
burg, cyanide tank; Andrew Henlker, San
Francisco, matrix band retainer; Henry
B. Phillips. Berkeley, drying redwood
lumber; Charles A. Schrader, San Diego,
shelf hook; Fred H. Smith, Wrights, bas
ket packer; Wesley Turner, Paso Robles, .
hillside plowl \ .• '." .
Washington— JoTin W."'Berry, assignor,
to Tacoma Automatic .Scales ¦ Company."
Tacptna, split pulley, hanger; George B.
Blanchard. tacoma, rail band;' same,
cross band for rails; Joseph P. Neely.
Centralia, adjustable fire box for staves';
N. ,G. Place, Seattle,' guiding attachment
for doors; Christopher L. Rogers, assignor
to S. .M. Long, Seattle, buttonhole cutter.
These- pensions were granted: Original
— James E. Howie, San Jose, $12; George
R. Klncaid, Fresno, $S. Increases — William
H. Dillon, Kingsburg, $S; Isaac H. Bell,
Los Angeles, $12; August Neigenfind, Sol
diers 1 Home. Los Angeles, $Ss; Hellen E.
Ellsworth, San Diego, $S; Alice V. Castle,
San Francisco, $8; Nancy C. Wood, Ked
ding, $8.^ .- • . - . ...-.•
Oregon— Increase-rAndrew J. Chapman,
Eugene,- $17; Catharine Mauer, ¦ Wenawa,
$S.
; Washlhgtonf-OrigInal— John Kelly, Fri
dayilarbpry $6. •= - * '. ••' '. •«• •• -
'Navy orders announced that Lieutenant
Commander R. M. Doyle is -detached from
the Wisconsin to his home to await or
ders. .:-..'.
and Pensions and Patents
... . Granted. . . . ."_
i WASHINGTON. I). C. April 22— The
Postoffice Department to-day announced:
Postmasters commissioned— California-
Frank J. Payne. Sutter. Creek; Isabel J.
WatersV Somersville.' r . Appointed—Califor
nia—G. R. Young,.: Decoto, Alameda
County, vice S. K. King,' resigned. ¦
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The 16,000-ton battleships will be the
largest ever authorized for the American
navy, and among the largest warships
afloat. The armored cruisers will also be
exceptionally large for their class, con
siderably exceeding the New York and
Brooklyn in tonnage. The amount carried
by the bill is slightly above $76,000,000.
There was a sharp parliamentary/con
test and many votes before the final de
cision on ships and on building in Gov
ernment yards was reached.
Provision is also made for building ont
of each, class of ships on the Pacific
Coast, and that no contractor shall build
more than one battleship, cruiser or gun
boat. . .
.Two battleships of about 16,000 tons dis
placement, to cost, exclusive of armor and
armament, $4,212,000 each; two armored
cruisers, of about 14,500 tons displacement
each, to cost, exclusive of armor and
armament, $4,659,000 each; two gunboats
of 1000 tons each, to cost $382,000 each.
The following provision is made: "That
the Secretary of the Navy may, in his
discretion and so far as his judgment is
practicable, direct that any or all of the
vessels herein authorized be built in such
navy yard3 as he may designate." - ¦
WASHINGTON, April 22.— The House
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day com
pleted the -naval appropriation -bill. The
most important item, as to new ships, wag
left until. the last, and as finally deter
mined upon was as follows:
House Naval Committee
Completes Appropri
ation Bill.
Other portions of the bill -relate to de
tails of the administration of affairs of
the army. One of .these, provisions au-.
thorizes ihe President to direct that the
funds appropriated for the quartermas
ter's, subsistence or pay departments may
be placed .to the credit of the. disbursing
officers of either of these departments.
"Subject to .the command of the Presi
dent and general - direction • of. fth'e Secre
tary of War the lieutenant general, shau.
exercise generial command 1 over the mili
tary forces of the United. States, shall is
sue 'army orders* "and direct/ -inspections
of the troops. He shall be . charged with
the instruction; training, " discipune .and
distribution of the army, with the prep
aration arid maintenance -of detailed plans
lor the mobilization of the military forces,
with the preparation and* maintenance of
senemes o£ ouensive, ana deiensive opera
tions ana ¦ with collecting .'ana compiling
military information. . ••
"It will be his fluty to see that the
army is, at all times suitable and .^mpiy.
supplied and equipped, and that the muni
tions of wat are or the best material ami
of suitable character. He will recommend
suitabre persons for promotions and for
military nonors and rewards. He will be
asslstea in his autles by and his orders
v.'ill be conveyed and executed through
the agency of the general officers holding
commands and the general staff of the
army."
The above provision is intended to give
the commanaing general a legal status;
which at present ne has not, .and is un
derstood to be in the Interest- of General
Miles.
WASHINGTON. April ¦ 22.— Senator
Hawley. chairman "o*f 'the? Senate Commit
tee, on Military Affairs, to-day introduced'
a bill to "increase -the efficiency, of the
army." The^most important section of
the bill Is the following? - : "
A great majority of such applicants
¦were suspected not of a desire to fight in
the British army, but to secure free trans
portation to South Africa and then im
prove the first opportunity to go over to
the Boers, carrying with them such guns
and ammunition and other equipment as
they may have been provided with.
Colonel Crowder reports that he waa
unable to find any evidence that the Brit
ish officers have attempted to carry on,
recruiting on American soil, either di
rectly or by any subterfuge. On the con
trary, he says, the officers representing
the British army at Port Chalmette and
at Isew Orleans and other points in the
West have refused hundreds of applica
tions from persons who either openly de
clared or intimated that they wished to
enlist.
4. During the two and a half years these offi
cers have paid out the sum of about $13.000,COO
for horses and mules and about $15,000,000 for
forage and other supplies, all of which wera
shipped to the army in South Africa, most of it
upon British transports, owned or chartered.
Since this depot was established, late in 1891).
about seventy-five ships have been cleared from
New Orleans for South Africa, carrying: a total
of about 65,000 mules and about 95,000 horses.
and hundreds of thousands of tons of hay and
other provender.
1. The depot at Port Chalmette has been con
tinuously used as a base of supplies for the-
British army ln South Africa for two years and
a half. . .
2. This depot has been under the immediate
personal supervision and management oC regu
larly commissioned officers of the British army.
3. These officers have not worn uniforms and.
have not used arms or any other means of de
fense than such as were furnished by the local
authorities, but they have signed checks, re
ceipts, vouchers, etc., as officers of the British
army and signed with their rank or title.
This conference was participated In by
the President, Attorney General Knox,
Acting Secretary of "War Sanger and Lieu
tenant Colonel Crowder. Upon Its conclu
sion no statement as to whether any ac
tion will be taken by the President could
be obtained. Contrary to general belief,
however, the report of Crowder, which ho
has submitted, shows that there has not
been the extensive violation of neutrality
alleged by the Boers. The conditions
found by the army officer at Port Chal
mette are thus stated:
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 . G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. April 22,-There was
an important conference . in the "White
House to-night in regard to the report
of Lieutenant Colonel E. H. Crowder,
giving the result of hi3 investigation into
the conduct of British agents in Louisi
ana.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The original Senate provision vested the
power here given to the Philippine Com
mission in the United States courts and
the corresponding insular courts.
That It shall be the duty of every Chinese
laborer, other than a cit'zen, rightfully in and
cniitled to remain ln any of the insular terri
tories of the United States (Hawaii excepted) at
the time, of the passage of this act. to obtain
in one year after the passage of this act a cer
tificate of residence in the insular territory
¦wherein he resides. "which certificate shall en
title him to residence therein, and upon fail
ure to obtain euch certificate as herein" pro
vided he shall be deported from such insular
territory, and the Philippine Commission is au
thorized and required to make all regulations
and provisions necessary for the enforcement of
this section In the Philippine Islands, Including
the form and substance of the certificate of
residence, so that the (same 6hall clearly and
sufficiently identify the holder thereof and en
able officials to prevent fraud in the transfer
of the same; provided, however, that if said
Philippine Commission shall find it is impos
sible to complete the registration herein pro
vided for within one year from the passage of
this act.- said commission te hereby authorized
and empywered to extend . the time for such
r«-:g!Vt ration for a further period not exceeding
one year. "
Sections 5 and 6 of the Senate bill; the
first relating to certificates of Chinese
residents in the insular territory of the
United States, and the second pertaining
in judicial proceedings, were stricken out
by the conference and the following sub
stituted for the two sections:
"Said laws shall apply to all immigra
tion of Chinese laborers not citizens of
the United States from the island to the
mainland territory of the United States,
whether such were in the island territory
at the time of cession or not. or from
one portion of the island territory of the
United States -to another portion of said
territory."
Under the agreement reached by the
conferee? the foregoing quotation will be
the first provision in the compromise bill.
The Senate bill is also made more specific
in its application to Insular territory. The
provision relating to Chinese laborers in
islands belonging to the United States is
made to read as follows:
WASHINGTON. April 22.— The con
ferees on the Chinese exclusion' bill have
practically reached an agreement. The
main features of the Senate bill have been
adepted, but there are some alterations.
When the conferees resumed their ses
sion to-day it was understood that a.
proposition was under consideration to
take out of the Senate substitute the lim
itation of exclusion until a new treaty
v.as made, thus extending exclusion j In
definitely. Another proposition was to
insert the text of the exclusion, law of
1SS£, which the Senate substitute re-enacts
by title, so that no question can arise as
to the certainty of this additional bar
rier. It appeared to-be accepted by all
the conferees that the seamen's clause of
-the House bill prohibiting' the employ
ment of Chinese sailors on American
ships will not go. into the bill.
Ihe agreement reached Js upon all but
one feature of the measure.- Under the
agreement the Senate substitute becomes
the exclusion measure. but the House con
ferees have secured a concession spe
citieally re-enacting sections 3 to 14 of the
exclusion act of September 13, 1SS8. The
point still open is as to extending the ex
clusion indefinitely after May 5 next.
The House bill extends the prohibition
indefinitely, but the Senate limits it until
a new treaty is made. The House con
ferees are insisting on taking out ¦ t!ie
reference to a new treaty, so that thers
will b.e no limit of time to the exclusion.
Following is the specific provision re
enacting sections of the act of 18SS, which
was inserted at the instance of the House
members:
"All laws now in force prohibiting and
rc-grulating the coming of Chinese persons
and persons of Chinese descent into the
United States,. and the residence of such
persons therein, including sections 5. 6, 7.
a, 9, 10. 11. 13 and 14 of the act entitled
•An act to prohibit the coining of Chinese
laborers to the United States,' approved
September 13, 1SS8, shall be and the same
art hereby re-enacted, extended and con
tinued."
Proposal to Make Lieutenant
General an Actual
Commander. -
Colonel Crowder's Report on
the Shipment of
Supplies.
President and Cabinet
Consider British Acts
in Louisiana.
Army Efficiency Measure
Introduced by Sen
ator Hawley.
louse Accepts Nearly All
Features Proposed by
the Senate.
Conferees Agree Upon
the Text of the New
Measure.
BILL BESTOWS
POWER ON MILES
MflNY MILLIONS
Now that the small-bore politicians have ex
hausted their mud batteries It is possible that
Governor Murphy may at an early day ask to
be relieved. . ' , '. 1 . . -
When questioned to-day by The Call
correspondent Governor Murphy said that
for a long time he had been tired of offi
cial life and had retained his office only
because of the manner in which he has
been assailed by his political enemies. He
said' it was quite probable that he would
tender his resignation at no distant day.
It is no secret that Governor Murphy's
successor will be Colonel » Alexander ¦ O.
Brodie;- former ly of "the -Rough Riders,
and that Colonel Brodie received a tender
of the office Jong ago; to take effect upon
the expiration ,-of .Governor. Murphy ! s
term, as a personal compliment from the
President. Governor Murphy and Colonel
Brodie. are.. on the- best- pf .terms, and
there is .no other man Governor Murphy
would prefer ¦ as . his successor.- On the
other hand,- Colonel Brodfe Is making no
move ¦ to hasten the action of the Gov
ernor. . • - • . ' \
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 22.— In the
Arizona Republican, a newspaper
that strongly supports ; Governor
N.- O.- Murphy; the following edi'
torial expression appeared this
morning:
Colonel Alexander G. Brodie, Formerly of
the Rough Riders, Will Succeed Him
as; the Executive of: Arizona^ Territory
EXCLUSION BILL
NEARS THE VOTE
NEUTRALITY LAW
IS NT VIOLATED
GOVERNOR MURPHY IS SOON TO ASK
FOR RETIREMENT FROM HIS OFFICE
2
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, AVEDNESDAY, APRIL 23, 1902.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a^ Steamers - leave Broadway
fjSNitj^ Wharf, San Francisco:
KjK?flftfit For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
Ei SPC? bnk' Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
! r^TfcSi^^ m - A P r11 16 - 21 - 26 - Mayl.
j E^^SJ TO! Change to company's steam-
f »Stag2&Se3 ers at Seattle.
f^BttHBgeBSl For Victoria, Vancouver,
Tort Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma ¦ Everett, New Whit-
corn— 11 a. m.7 April 1«. 21. 28. May 1. Change
at Seattle to this- company's, .steamers for
For Kur?kk <Humb<adtvBay)-l:30 p. m.,
* For^Los 1 AnSleB 7 '(via a Port Lo« Angeles aad
Redondo). San Diego tnd Santa Barbara— Spo-
kane. Sundays, 9 a. m. : >" • .
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lcs.Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey • Sac Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Obiapo
(via Part. Harford).* Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ('Santa Crua only).' * .¦
Coos Bay. 0 a. m..~ April 12. 20. 28. May «.
Santa Croats a. m. (freight only), April 18,
24 ••' r. :>'¦' >¦/¦¦'•¦ : r -¦;¦¦.:.,• '¦ ¦ ;
Fof>Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. . San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. LaTPaz. Santa 'Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — Ida. m.. 7th each month.
., For further information obtain folder.- :.
Rlxht is reserved to change steamers or sail-
D TICKi ? T ¦ OTTRTCE— "*"¦¦ New : Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). , ¦-,
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
..-•-'"lO Market St.. San Francisco.
O, /?; ;* 7V» GO/
h ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND;; Or-,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
XjO-w-ansi'X', :»_a.i»:k3s. :
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
Sti. COLUMBIA Sails... April 13. 23. May 3. 13
Sb. GEO. W. ELDER Sails...
'.: ".. April 8. 18. 28. May S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.m a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.3. F.
SS. SONOMA. f6r'H-onolulu. Samoa, Auck-
• .land and Sydney:. Thurs., May 1. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, r for Tahiti ... .....:.
'. ...;... •.'.Sunday.'. May 4. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu . .
, ."• Saturday. May 10.^2 p. m.
J. D. SPEECKELS k BEOS. CO., General Agts. , 329 JfarKet
Gei'l Fass: Offlce, 643 Hatat sl, Pisr Ho. 7. Pacific sl
¦ . .. -, — — r— : ; ~
AMK^SICAN LIXE. . ¦
. \ NEW, YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St.Louls.Apr." SO. lOam'St; Paul.May 14, 10 am
Philadel.May .7,' 10 am St.Louls.May 21. 10 am
HED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
i 5teeland..'Apr.!3O,' noonlSouthwrk.May 14,' noon
! Frtesland..May 7, -noon I Vaderland.May21. noon
i ' INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C.SO Montgom'y at.
Register a! Once.
ATTENTION,
All-citizens must register to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m., and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to 9.'
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
; . Registrar of Voters.
OCEAN TRAVEL ¦
RUPTURE'
B e - r >'»thiDglike it. Comfort &|«
ri — Ii&St security! A Perfect Retainer, jBJi
H /fin^SJ*' does t * 10 v -' or ' { ! "^" Call or J5j9
/j£/\ write today for "booklet no. 1." MBit
Address: MacnetlcE.Trnss Co., j^fl
55^^c4| 206 Poet Street, San Francisco. Cal. ISM
or 1145 Broadway, New York. Mention ihli Paper ESBSm
. . ..... . . . . , .'. . . .Saturday, June 28th. 1902
.' Round-trip • tickets ; .at ¦ reduced rates.- for
freight and passage apply, at company's office,
421 a Market stieet. corner First. ¦ .•
r -¦,'-¦¦'.:¦ '•¦» W.'H. AVERT." General Agent. .
-. --¦¦'¦ ..... ; ;.'. : . . ."; . . Wednesday, June 4th 1002
SS. HONGKONG MARU. .... : . . .V. . . . . .
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-'
ner First and ' Brannan streets, . at 1 p. m.
rbr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG,, calling at
Kobe (Ulogo),' Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with ' steamers for • India,
etc. : No cargo received on board on day of
SS. "NIPPON MARU.. ...Friday,. May 0th. 1002
SS. AMERICA MARU. . . .... . . . .-; .........
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
Make the blood pure, vigorous .and
rich,-" create" appetite,, give vitality,
..strength and animation, 0 and cure' all
.eruptions; ¦ i Have^ the .wliole family ",. ; be-
gin to take them to-day. .
Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keoDS the Dromlse
"¦'•' -' *¦••¦"¦¦ -•¦¦¦- ¦¦ ¦
Hood s Sarsapanlla
and Pills
•¦ The blood is impure, weak and im-
poverished — a condition indicated by
pimples and other /eruptions on the
face and . body, by, deficient 'vitality, loss
of appetite, lack of s'trenRth and want of
animation. :
t There is no other season when good
medicine is so much needed as in the
Spring.^; ¦> .. .
Spring Medicine
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
LEAVE SEATTLE. '
SENATOR JT7XB X
VALENCIA JUNE Z
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITT OF PXJEBLA and QTJEEN'.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th*
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without Ion.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Norn-*
folder, apply : Ticket Offlce. 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
i
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO,
And Cia Sud Americana da Vaporas
. To .Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Centra]
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. May 10[COLOMBIA Jur.e 21
PALENA May 31ITUCAPEL.:.. .July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
PANAMA R. R,.»KBS*
TO NEW Y08K VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. <40: Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll Sails Thursday. May 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday, May io
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coaat Agent.
C0MPA65IS GENEBALB TRANSATLAHTIQffS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -J^*
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pior 42. fc*M>SftS
¦ North River, foot of Morton street. '
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ.
Steamera GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. ra., except Sun-
day. "Sunday. 0:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m... 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare flj
I' cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
offlce. pier '2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS- . .
Under Royal Warrant
- * t " THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
His Majesty, The King of England
H. R. H. The Prince of Wales.
and served at all the Court Festivities,
/\V^5^^^^^?^^I^^^ The manv m erIts °( the various pianos
'•^ T^*Sj^^^^^^E^^^S^i we have selected as worthy of a place
* I "WJrrf W^ : *$f!&$&J ln our ¦ stock - We would rather sell one
rf*~ f VsS-£i \\V$*P :: &%Sz» pood piano than three poor ones, and
"yi^y^ ° f$Y$W/£\s^ii& lnf> safest way to avoid selling poor
S JxT\ "''\$*\vfd&b %^& ones is to have none in stock. We will
Jn\f \ flFvtfsS-* $» be glad to have you make a critical
<y* ,?ri ""fS " r-^^ 4§ tw^ examination of every instrument In
.' 2Jc t%\ >5^- - our salesroom/
ffyJ^* ¦ A V Our line is ihe old reliable Steck, the
Ji/f-€\^ !i 'Sj artistic.'. Everett, Packard, Hardman,
>C-^ *Y* '. - . "'¦¦,. Ludwlg and many other good makes.
931 MARKET STREET (bat. Fifth and Sixth), San Francisco.Franchises for Two New Ones
Are Asked For.
Old System Is to Be Enlarged and
STOCKTON WTLL HAVE
PLENTY" OF RAILWAYS
It is expected that the case will con
sume several days. Both sides will con
test every inch, and the issue is certain
to be appealed, no matter what may be
the result. United States Senator W. A.
Clark is believed to have an interest in
the case, and it is said that upon the re
sult will depend whether Senator Clark
will become Interested In the Traction
Company's property. It is not believed
that the Southern Pacific or Santa Fe
will be represented during the trial by
counsel, although lawyers representing
both companies may be present during
the hearing in behalf of their respective
corporations.
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— When United
States District Judge, Olin Wellborn calls
the Huntlngton freight franchise case for
trial on Thursday morning there will have
begun one of the .fiercest legal battles
ever fought In Southern California. The
issue involved Is the freight franchise
granted to Henry. B. Huntington and his
associates by the City Council and vetoed
by Mayor Snyder. The Traction Company,
as weii as the steam railway interests,
with headquarters In Los Angeles, insists
that the value of the privilege Is more
than $1,000,000. Henry E. Huntington was
awarded the franchise for $156,000.
Garret McEnerney of San Francisco,
who has been retained as chief counsel
for the Los Angeles Traction interests,
arrived in this city to-day. He was in
consultation with Thomas E. Gibbon and
his associates throughout the day. City
Attorney W. B. Matthews will personally
conduct the 'issue on behalf of the mu
nicipality. The Huntlngton-Hellman in
terests will be represented in court by
Judge John S. Chapman, Hunsaker &
Britt, Judge W. F. Fitzgerald, Bicknell,
Gibson & Trask and Dunn & Crutcher.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senator Clark Is Supposed
to Have Interests at
Stake.
Los Angeles Franchise
Suit to Be Fiercely
Contested.
LAWYERS GATHER
FOR THE BATTLE
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— According to
a dispatch from Santa Barbara, where
President E. P. Ripley is staying, the
Santa Fe Is about to take over the hold
ings of the Petroleum Development Com
pany, a corporation controlling nearly
3500 acres in the Kern, River field, about
eight miles north of Bakersfleld.
It is understood the cash price for the
property will be 51,270,000, '; or on a basis 6f
about $11 a share. The capitalization of
the corporation Is $125,000. • Revenues al
lowed to the sellers to the last moment of
actual transfer " will swell ¦ the purchase
figure to $1,415,000. ¦
Edward T. Doheny, Godfrey Holterhoff,
the late W. G. Nevin of Los Angeles and
A. B. Butler of Fresno were the original
owners of the Petroleum Development
Company. Additional stockholders who
will . participate in the • proceeds ; of the
sale to the Santa Fe are. said to include
H. M./Mclntosh of .-Chicago and - W. A.
Bissell, assistant- traffic manager ot, the
Santa Fe, of San Francisco. The Petro
leum Development Company has for two
years-sold its entire output of oil to the
Santa Fe system on a five-year contract.
The output has averaged 30,000 barrels a
month. * ¦ * V ¦
» j .
tl\e Petroleum Development
Company.
SANTA FE'S PURCHASE
IN KERN OIL FIELDS
About to Take Over the Holdings of
The feeling that Los Angeles, as the
hostess city, should not accept the pres
idency is strong with certain of the
women, and yet others who are club
leaders lay no stress upon this view. They
say it would not.be a discourtesy to tho
federation in case Mrs. Burdette were the
general choice. * •
It is said that the greatest probable op
position with which Mrs. Burdette vwill
have to cope Is to come from San Fran
cisco, and, that Miss Mabel Craft, the
newspaper woman, who Is to speak be
fore the biennial, will lead the. movement.
Just what ground she will take as the
foundation of her opposition to Mrs. Bur
dette the local women are not advised,
but it is understood generally that she
will oppose the Southern California candi
date. . >
Who shall be president, of the general
federation of women's clubs for the en
suing term? This is a problem that is ag
itating local club women and prospective
visitors to the coming convention as well.
It promises to be second in interest only
to the color question, and new develop
ments in connection with it are coming
to light daily, -w . -v .'
That Mrs. Robert J. Burdette . is favor
ed by a large number of women, both In
California and the East, there can be no
doubt, and until a few days ago it was
believed that she would have solid sup
port from her own State. Now, how
ever, come rumors that there ¦ Is oppo
sition—rumors so indefinite that no one
is willing to take the responsibility of
saying who has started them or who are
Mrs. Burdette's 'opponents, i
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— Women of
the biennial executive board held a long
session to-day in 'the Chamber of Com
merce and discussed many questions per
taining to plans for the coming conven
tiofi.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Robert J. Burdette May
n Meet Opposition From
San Francisco.
Presidency of the Gen
eral Federation the <
Theme.
CLUB WOMEN
TALK POLITICS
DENVER, April 22.— The body of Albert
Gabrin, member of the Colorado Legisla
ture, whose death in January last was de
clared by a prominent physician who
analyzed the .contents of his stomach to
have been from arsenic poisoning 1 , was
exhumed to-day by Coroner Horan, who
will hold an inquest to-morrow. .Chief
of Police Armstrong said to-day that he
has evidence upon which * arrests will . be
made as soon as, the Coroner's -report Is
made." Sensational developments are ex
pected within the next day or two.
Police Promise a Sensation.
On the same day an affray took place
between some Chinese and.a small party
of Germans. The Germans opened fire on
the native - troops \ and several were
wounded, one afterward dying.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 22.— News was
received by the steamer Empresj of Chi
na, which arrived to-day, of a fatal fra
cas between French troops and Chinese
soldiers guarding the Imperial palaces. A
party of Frenchmen were brawling in the
vicinity of the palaces and one of their
number' endeavored to force his way
through one of the gates. The Chinese
shot him as he was trying to gain an en
trance, and when the French endeavored
to retaliate, he took shelter behind the
gate. The French were forced to retire.
Gates to the Imperial
Palaces.
Fatal Affrays Take Place Before the
CHINESE GTJABDS FIGHT -
. FRENCH AND GERMANS
The depositions of Zelgler's brothers
were offered in evidence to prove insanity
in the defendant's family on his father's
Bide. - -
_-. Sharp not being present, Attorney Leon
ard made a statement of what he Intend
ed to prove by the missing witnesses. He
alleged that Sharp and Mrs. Zeigler
would , go 1 to San- Francisco together at
intervals during the; two years preceding
the :murder ¦ and stop at certain hotels.
Also, that during , Sharp's visit to the
Zeigler ranch>he and ¦ Mrs. Zeigler were
constantly in each other's company. When
Zeigler learned of their conduct, declared
the attorney, he. brooded over It* and
it deranged his mind. This was shown
by the fact that ' while his wife
was in San Francisco Zeigler would
go ¦ -about exclaiming: "I .want
my Cad; I want my. Cad." A week bet
fore the commission of the murder, said
the attorney, Zeigler walked up 'and down
In front of his house with a revolver In
his hand, and his actions before and after
the crime proved that he was insane.
1 SANTA CRUZ, April j 22.- A number of
San Franciscans were 'fined for contempt
ot\ court by Superior Judge Smith to-day.
The Zelgler murder case is on trial, and
one of the most important witnesses, Wil
liam Beverly Sharp, a" San Francisco at
torney, failed to appear. Sheriff Besse
was sent to San Francisco for him. This
afternoon Sharp was fined ?250 for con
tempt."
A. J. Sylvester, Samuel Friedman, W.
H. Rote, Thomas H. Kearney and Eu
gene Coleman, : witnesses for the defend
ant, were each fined $100 for non-appear
ance.' They_ were to have : testified as to
the character of several San Francisco
lodging-houses. Bench warrants were or
dered issued J for K Coleman, Sharp and
Kearney. ¦ ' V "<¦ •'•
Special * Dispatch to 'The Call.
Judge Imposes Heavy Fines
for Failure to Appear at
Murder Trial
San Franciscans' in Con
tempt of a Santa
Cruz Court.
WITNESSES PAY
FOR DERELICTION
WOODLAND. April 22.— An effort will - be
made by the ladies of Woodland to organize a
ladles' improvement club. The preliminary
meeting will be held on May 17.. ¦ . •.. .
Fcr the present his base of operations
will be Fresno. Accompanied by his wife,
Mr. Dobbin iwlll drive Into, the country
from Fresno, taking with him a typewriter
and camera, . and will go . from farm to
farm, stating his mission and interesting
the residents in his work. The letter
writing and photographing will be done
without cost to the farmers, the railroad
company even addressing the letters and
paying postage. The next , two months
will be spent in the San Joaquln Valley,
the object being to complete a thorough
canvass of the farms there before hot
weather sets in. Then . Mr. Dobbin will
come across the Tehachapi and-will-con
tinue his work in Southern California.
Mr. Dobbin left Lbs Angeles for Fresno
last evening.. from which. point his opera
tions will -extend. His plan is to visit
the farmers of the country contiguous to
the Santa Fe Railroad, take pictures cf
their homes, their fields, their stock and
the pretty scenery surrounding them.
Then he will write letters for the farm
ers to their old-time friends r and , neigh
bors in the East, telling them how the
farmers have prospered in California and
giving information about, the State that
may be the means of inducing others to
come here. The letters ¦will. not be from
the Santa Fe Railroad. or. from Mr. Dob
bin, but will be dictated by the farmers
whom he visits and their autographs will
be attached to the typewritten sheets.
Photographs of the farms .will be finished
and mailed to the persons, to whom Mr.
Dobbin has written for the farmer.,
LOS ANGELES; April 22.— "Let's work
together to make California % the State it
ought to be," is a newly adopted motto
of the Santa Fe Railroad and. Garrett A.
Dobbin . has been conftnissioned to show
the people . of the State how the motto
should be followed. It is a new coloniza
tion plan of r :the- railroad, which is dif
ferent from anything ever before under
taken. The local officials. of the road don't
know the, name of ! the genius who In
vented the Dobbin system, but it is prob
able that Mr. Dobbin is entitled to the
honor. : He is an old-time printer. In a
modest .way a writer and of late years
has been Santa Fe passenger agent In
Atlanta, ¦ Ga. -
"We are after names of probable set
tlers," Is another legend blazoned, on Dob
bin's card. : The card also announces that
Mr. Dobbin is special immigration agent
for the Santa Fe. ¦ ' ...-¦.
Provides v a' Talented
Amanuensis to Write
Their Letters.
SANTA FE BRINGS
JOY TO FARMERS
I have takpn the "water cure" and know
»hat it Is. elnre lt Trail a<Jm!niiitere<l by the
: ri1iplnr> 8 . I have seen It administered to sev
eral hundred natives and know Its effects In
the first place let me say that I never knew
pi the "water cure'' killing a victim. When
the Ktatfment la made that the subject is Kiven
h-ater until his lung* are filled. H Is an untruth
JVny one of common sense knows that a maii
.ould strangle to death In a very short time
finder euch circumstance*. The "water cure"'
jis given in order to make the victiir^dlvulce
/•ewB In his possession. American soldiers are
; ot putting Filipinos to death by drownlir
• arm in this manner. " 6
i My own experience took place in June. lftOO
< iptaln "Jack" Roberts, a eon of General
Roberta : a private by name of Galllon and
myself were scouting Just north of Blacana
bato Paes, out from San Miguel, when a forct
un<i*r General Treson surrounded us. We were
taken Into mountains and forced to march
three <S2js without food. We walked from
eighteen to twenty miles a day. This starva
tion was carried out with the intention of forc
ing us to divulge army news. It did not'suc
ceed, however. At the end of that time we
were clvea uncooked rice to eat. and In the
«"venljv we wrre Introduced to the "water
cure," >«JtM "tubuc" by the natives.
Regarding the e/Tects of rhe "cure" I will
«ay that the distension ©f the stomach and the
accompanying j.ain is all there in to it. I
rtrangled once, but one quick cough ended it.
The "cure" is not pleasant, but I would rather
take lt than receive a beating. My companions
¦uttered no after effects that I could notice.
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— Charles E.
James, formerly first lieutenant of the
Thirty-Elsth Regiment. United States Vol
unteers, who now is a resident of Los
Aese1.es. paid In an interview to-day tha*
tflft present pgitation against the use of
thp "water cure" in the Philippines v.as
due to the untruthful and exag^c-ated re
ports which magnified the crueKy of the
operation. Said he:
"WATER CUBE" NOT SERIOUS.
DENVER, April 22.— General Funston
:o-day telegraphed Senator Lodge, chair
man of the Senate Committee on. the Phil
ippines, asking; him to subpena John
Nicholson, who is said to have been a
«ergeant in the Fourth Cavalry, and ex
(Unine him under oath regarding' the use
jf the "water cure." Nicholson is report
id to have said at Norfolk, Va., that Gen
tral Funston originated the "water cure"
tnd practiced it almost daily for several
anonths.
"If Nicholson makes this statement
jnder oath," said General Funston, "he
will land in the penitentiary for perjury.
I am inclined to believe, however, that
Nicholson is a myth. 1 knew every non
jommissioned officer in the troops of the
Fourth Cavalry that were under my com
mand, and there was no sergeant named
Nicholson.
"Not only did I not practice the "water
cure,' but I Issued strict orders against
the use of it or any other form of tor
ture to secure information from the cap
tured insurgents. 1 never saw the 'water
ture' administered, and do not believe
Lfcat it was resorted to by any of my com
mand, l have extracted valuable infor
mation from captured insurgents by :
trisrhtening- them, but never by torture."
Battles With, the Moros.
.YANLLA, April 22.— Two engagements
h?Ve been fought between the American
troops and the lloros of the island of
Mindanao during the last twenty-four
hours. Moore, of the Twenty-seventh'
Infantry, while out with a small party
hunting for water was fired upon at long
range. *>
Co'onel Frank Baldwin, with a battalion
sf troops and a mountain gun, went to
'.be assistance of Moore's party and drove
Dff the Moros, who lost seven men. The
5 ring was at 1100 yards range.
The Moro villages were flying red flags,
meaning that they intended to fight to 1
the uttermost.
Later Sultan Pualo and a. force of na
tives attempted to reoccupy the gTound
gained by the Americans, but the Moros
uere forcibly dispersed.
Datto (chief) Ganasi has sent a delega
tion to the American commander tender-
Ing the absolute submission of th© men
under his control.
Brigadier General Davis. In command at
Zamboanga. island of Mindanao, has ac
knowledged the receipt from Washington
of instructions to withdraw his troops
from Mindanao, but he urges that, owing
to the present state of affairs, the with
drawal will result In the absolute loss of
American prestige among the Moros in
Mindanao. His orders, however, are ex
plicit. Lieutenant Baldwin and his forces
art beyond the reach of the telegraphic
Instructions from Washington.
An Editor Is Sentenced.
"^ The editor of the Volcano was sen
tenced to-day to one day's imprisonment
End to pay a fine of $100 for demanding
the removal of the Judge who recently
tried Senor Valdez. editor of the Mlau,
who was fined for libeling Filipino mem
bers of the United States Commission
vrhich was trying the editor jot Freedom
under the eedition law.
By orders from Washington the court
irartlal ordered to try General Jacob H.
Smith, who was in command of the Unit
ed States troops on the island of Sainar,
on the charge of conduct prejudicial to
tho pood order and discipline, has been
dissolved. The members of th.e court
which will try General Smith will be
named at Washington.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— The War De
partment has instructed General Chaffee
to delay the departure of the proposed
expedition into Mindanao until after the
receipt of further directions from Wash
li-gton. The President desires to exhaust
all other means of effecting the capture
of the Moros ¦who murdered American
soldiers before dispatching an armed ex
pedition for that purpose. Meanwhile,
however, that portion of General Davis*
command which was selected for the
Journey will still be held in readiness and
ell preparations up to the point of ac
tual departure will be made.
Denounces Philippine Bill.
Formal discussion of the bill temporari
ly to provide a government for the Philip
pine islands was begun in the Senate to
day, Rawlins of Utah, the leading minori
ty member of the Philippine Committee,
opening the debate. He denounced the
hill as an unwarranted imposition on the
Filipinos, declaring that lt would estab
lish one of the foulest oligarchies in the
history of the world.
He ¦eaintained that the Philippine Com
mission was given too great power by
the bill, and asserted that under Its pro
visions the islands would be exploited for
private train. While he was speaking two
efforts were made to maintain a quorum
the second resulting in a lively tilt among
several Senators, Scott of West Virginia
Intimating that argument could not influ
ence any Senator.
Although no statement is yet obtain
able as to the reasons for dissolving th*
Smith court-martial, it is understood that
the President is desirous that he himself
should review the proceedings of the
court-martial Instead ofOiaving them re
viewed at Manila, as would have been
ihe cas<> had General Chaffee convened
the court.
General Corbin et.ated there was no sig
nificance in the order, except that it per
rnlts th*> President to review the proe?ed
ings of the court, and will avoid any legal
¦•ntanplements that . may have arisen if
• he order cf General Chaffee naming the
court had been sllowed to stand. An or
der was Issued to-day convening the
court, the members being named as se
lected by General Chaffee. The court
will meet Thursday.
Moros on the Island of
Mindanao.
rwo Engagements Are Fought Be
| fween American Troops and
Says He Issued Strict Orders
Against the Use of
Torture.
7unston Denies Being
the Originator of the
"Water Cure."
FRIGHT, NOT
TORTURE, IS
HIS METHOD
/SAN JOSE." 'April 22.— Charles Ldtchfleld.
wanted ;in,'Watsonville''On a .charge of
grand : larceny,. was arrested'at^the broad
gauge station this >.. morning. by Detective
Frlndiville.? The man "had rented a horse
and buggy from aWatsonvllle, stable and
dldnot return lit.' - Litchfleld .was returned
to ; Watsonvllle' this; afternoon by -Consta
ble KIttrldge of. that place.
Wanted in Watsonville.
DES MOINES, Iowa, April 22.— The three
year-old twin children- of M. Shields, residing
at Bear Grove, Dallas County, were found In
the debris resulting from a fire that consumed
a barn last evening. The flre originated In %
pile of rubbish and communicated to the barn.
Unknown to the parents the children were play
ing inside the building.
NEVADA. April 22.— One of the hand
somest ,pure ; gold nuggets ever found In
the "mountains hereabouts is in the pos
session -of Nels Hansen. The nugget is
clear-cut ".and heart-shaped, and is val
ued-at'$200. ? Hansen discovered it lying
on the gravel in his -mine at Alleghaney.
Sierra i County, it having , been .washed
smooth.' * About a year ago John - Costa
found 1 a nugget near by which " sold for
$1500. . . • ; :..;.¦.
Finds a Handsome Nugget.
TACOMA, April 22.— Details were re
ceived to-day of a fight that occurred on
Sunday morning at Mabton, a small- sta
tion on the Northern Pacific, east of
North Yakima. Two tramps attacked the
night operator, , who refused to allow
them to sleep in the station, and beat
him badly. After disabling and disarming
him -the tramps took possession of the
station, shutting up the v operator In his
° Soon afterward a freight train came
along and the operator signaled vigorous
ly for. help. ¦- -The trainmen came rushing
to his aid, but r found their match in the
tramps, who opposed their entrance.' .1 he
trainmen got pickaxes and broke down
the door of the depot. After gaining en
trance . they cut one hobo badly _ on the
face* and body with the pickax. He bled
freely and an effort was made to stop
the flow of blood with his clothing. While
he was being attended . to his ; companion
escaped. The' wounded tramp .was placed
aboard a ; train and ; started east, but'
jumped oft the car . before Pasco was
reached.' ." > ' . ¦. ' * . .
Lock Up the Operator and Give Bat
tle to the Crew of a Freight
. '-'.' •*;¦:;:•'¦¦{:• ¦ . '.Train. .... •
TRAMPS ' TAKE CHARGE
OF RAILWAY STATION
It is charged that Noonan. whose name
in Minnesota was Patrick Noonan, killed
John Shinner in Preston Township, Octo
ber 18, 1874, and fled. The authorities had
given up hope of ever finding the murder
er, until recently, when there arrived in
Preston a man from Montana, a former
resident of the township, who had been
working here. He told of having met a,
man by the name of Noonan, who corre
sponded m appearance with the Patrick
Noonan who killed Shinner. The Grand
Jury soon afterward met and the man
from Montana was called before the jury.
An indictment was returned April 9,
charging murder in the first degree.
Noonan is about 57 years of age and is
well known. He denies his guilt and says
a mistake has been made.
HELENA.' Mont.. April 22.— James
Noonan, who has lived In Helena fifteen
to twenty years, was arrested this after
noon on the charge of having committed
a murder hi Preston Township, FUlmore
County, Minnesota.
Arrested for Alleged Murder
in Minnesota.
Well-Known Resident of Helena Is
GBAND JURY ACCUSES
HIM OF AN OLD CBIME
An , Ottawa telegram says the Yukon
mine employes' license is to be abolished
and the royalty is to be changed to a tax
of 2% or 3 per cent. A bill is to be intro
duced to give Yukon a representative In
Parliament and to Increase the elective
members of the Yukon Council from three
to five. ! .. : , . 1 .
A mass meeting to-night condemned the
Milne, Boyle. Slavln -. and: Gates.
Bronson, Ray, Meller and »Ander
son, Doyle and Matson concessions
and asked that all be canceled
and the claims opened for location;
declared for a full elective Yukon coun
cil; protested against an export duty on
gold, and advocated the establishment of
an assay office in Dawsori. The speakers
declared that Sifton owned, interests in
some of the concessions. ¦-¦ , '-". v
/VANCOUVER, B. C, April 22.— A spe
cial from Ottawa says: In the railway
committee to-day the Minister of Rail
ways Hon. A.' G. Blair, announced that the
Government would still adhere to its pol
icy not to grant any more charters from
American territory Into the Yukon. This
announcement was made when the Yu
kon Pacific asked for an incorporation to
buiida line from Pyramid Harbor to
White Horse. . The. company's charter
was amended so as to give it power to
build from the White Horse in a south
westerly direction to the boundary line,
between the province of BHtish Colum
bia and the territory, or about twenty
miles from the international boundary
line. " ' __*____ •"¦?:'' ¦••*'O.
SEATTLE, April 22.— A- special: to the
Post-Intelligencer from, Dawson says:
The country is drenched with water. The
first sluicing began to-day, and $10,000,000
to $15,000,000 in dirt is ready to be washed.
Summer work will be heavier than ever,
especially on Eldorado and Bonanza.
The ice went out of the Yukon at White
Horse to-day. The river is fast breaking.
Passenger stages are stopped. Two or
three mails go each way._ Two .Nome
mails will get out. ¦ .
The shortage covers a period of two
years and exists in both the stamp and
money order departments. Meighan haa
always borne an excellent reputation. Ha
has for many years been one of the lead
ing Republican politicians of Utah.
OGDEN', Utah. April 22.— Charles Mei
ghan. postmaster of Ogden, 13 short m
his accounts in the amount of J260O. His
bondsmen are In charge of the office.
Meighan was appointed by President Mc-
Kinley and assumed his duties January
21, 1S99. About ten days ago Inspectors
Small of Denver and Frederichs of "Wash
ington, D. C. came to Ogden to check
up the accounts of the office, with the
result that this morning his bondsmen
received notice that Meighan was short
$2600 and they would be expected to make
lt good.
First Sluicing
Commences in the
Klondike.
Postmaster of Ogden Is
Found in a Serious
Predicament.
YUKONERS REAP
GOLDEN REWARD
COIN IS SHORT
IN HIS OFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISC6 CALL, WEDNESDAY, AJPRIL 23, 1902.
CORDELIA. April 2L— Two large sales
of thoroughbred cattle have been, made
here by Junker & Mullaney, who disposed
of several hundred head ' to Attorney
George A. Knight of San Francisco, who
shipped them to his range in Mendocino
County.
Knight Buys Thoroughbred Cattle.
The City Council was bewildered by so
many offers to build street car lines in
Stockton. All action was continued till
next Tuesday night.
STOCKTON, April. 22.— Stockton may
soon have three street railroads. The
old electric road has been sold to outside
capitalists, who intend enlarging the sys
tem. H. H. Griffith, representing -what
is popularly known as the Tesla Com
pany, has petitioned for a franchise for
a street railroad aggregating nearly fif
teen miles of track. While the applica
tion was pending before the City Council
to-night Ex-Governor James H. Budd
opposed the advertising of the proposed
franchise, on the ground that it was in
such form that it prevented him bidding
for the franchise. He said that he and
several moneyed associates intended
building a new street railway in Stock
ton. He promised that if the matter were
continued a week he would petition for
a franchise for a third road.
3
THE 33rd' DEGREE.
. Foot fitting is a matter of degrees !
There are 5700 degrees in Regal fit
- These degrees are represented by 48
: shapes,- in \5 sizes,- 8 widths,- and 143 styles.
This enormous variety, carried in our own
45 Regal Stores, (and Mail order reserve,)
; admits of no excuse for misfits*
Tannery to Consumer — a! $3,50.
Style book on postal request.
: Sold only in 45 Regal Store* from New York to Saa Francisco and
London. Alsa by mail.
SAN FRANCISCO STOREi
¦ S.'.W. Corner Stockton and Geary Streets.
(65th Police Precinct.) '
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y,: . :^r^t -fe
Gentlemen— In justice to you, I feel it is my duty to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt of the sample
bottle of Swamp-Root you so kindly sent me. I had been out of health for the past five years with kidney and blad-
der trouble. Had our best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve me for the time being, but the old com-
plaint would in a short time return again. I sent for a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and I found it did me a world
of good. Since then I have taken eight small bottles bought at my drug store, and I consider myself perfectly cured.
It seemed as though my back would break in two after stooping. I do not have the smarting and irritation, nor do I
have to get up during the night to urinate, as I formerly did three or four times a night, but now sleep the sleep of
peace. My back is all right again, and in every way I am a new man. Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp-
Root. - They, like myself, cannot say too much in praise^ of it. It is a boon to mankind. We recommend it to all who
are suffering from kidney and bladder diseases. •
'¦: My brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you for the blessing you
have brought to the human race in the compounding of Swamp-Root. JAMES COOK.-.
~ ¦-¦ : We remain, yours very truly, HUGH E. BOYLE.
Officers of the 58th Police Precinct, Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking the famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- Root, because as noon as
your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted to continue much suffering
with fatal results are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and Irritable
Makes you pass water often during the d*y and obliges you to get up many times during the night. Unhealthy kidneys
cause rheumatism, gravel catarrh of the bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints and muscles; makes your head ache
and back ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you feel as though
you had heart, trouble: you may have plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak and waste away.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used In the leading hospitals, recommended by physicians In their prlvat*
practice, and is taken by doctors themselves, because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound. ,
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar
size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root— Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton, N. T., on every bottle. - *? .
EDITOBIAIi NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Liver and Bladder remedy, is se remarkably successful that
a special arrangement has been made by which all of our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bottle
sent absolutely free by mail. Also "a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing, be sura a"ftd
mention reading this generous offer. in the San Francisco Daily Call when sanding your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Binghamton, N. Y. ; ii; '-^V
SB. XU,MEB'S : SWAMP-BOOT.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the World- Famous Kidney and Bladder Remedy,
/Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Good wearing, good 4^i§
lOOKlTlgjgOOClTlvting lf\.ir
business suits, /JflHra^
This is only possible when suits are sold direct JJH^ISIiBl^^lilllll^CTiv
from maker to wearer. We make our clothing our- '^^^jjfflHIiii Hii'lil^Mi
selves and sell direct to you at but one very reason-
The suits are serges, clays, tweeds and cheviots v5lffl^llSISP^^^iH
in all the spring and summer patterns. •iHliBSi^W //
:^^^ ! i|ill|^r/// This "maker to wearer" price means a big saving to
K^ITOiSi" IV y - ou ' lt means the saving of the middleman's profit of
* MMlPiiR®ffl| yJi anyway 2.% per cent.
\i|l||)! §§Hlf These youths' suits are blue serges, mixed tweeds
;|lWjii Wb\ and cheviots* in the latest weaves and patterns. Ages 12
• wfi Boys' Furnishings
\\My Mm n T |lursda y we wi " end our half-price sale of boys' pajamas
• V^^llPif and Russian blouse waists.
ViS'(. Tgj|| i- Tb- e pajamas ccme in a variety of prtterns, with reguar or mi!i-
/ JJw ;|' : tary collars; colors lavender, pink, blue and oxbloo.lin strin-d
/ JtmlWj * effects; ages 6 to 16. $1.00 pajamas for 59c; $1.50 pajamas for 75c.
/i^^j^Mi The blouses are wash fabrics, neatlv trimmed; colors, white,
s==^*^V&5w^ blue, pink and navy; ages 3 to 6; £1.50 blouses for' 75c; $2.00
ySsJ? I \ blouses for. $1.00. . . '
Spring goods are ' 'W T A //v''jy- llr^ 1) ' . Out-o^town or-
Prices. 718 Market Street hats or furnishings.
- ' ' ---" * '¦-" - ¦ ." -¦ "' ."_.'"".-"* -^ . • ¦¦¦".•'¦¦TIED UP MARKET STREET, AND
ILLUSTRATIONS SHOWING HOW
STRIKE? AFFECTS SOME PEOPLE.
• - Continued From Page One. \
ALL ATTEMPTS TO MOVE CARS FAIL
Continued From Page One.
BELIEF THlrtK-IS. ' 10* IE.W
• Continued From Page One.
STRIKE MAY SOOX BE DECLARED OFF
On Monday many young men 'applied
at... Vining's office for positions as con
ductors, motormen and gripmen; ¦ There
were few yesterday, and the clerks had
an easy time. «V r
The United Railroad officials did not act
yesterday with the nonchalance that dis
tinguished their deportment at the com
mencement of the strike. In fact all day
there was a gloom in and about the rail
road offices which '-could not be shaken
off. Manager Vining did not appear pub
licly all day. To all. cards that were sent
In to him the message was returned that
"Mr. Vining was not in."
Acting President Holland also refused
to see any one, but his secretary, I whom
he brought with him from the East, stat
ed' that President Holland would only be
too glad to.' make a statement as soon
as any change in the' situation occurred.
York, explaining more fully the strike si:
uation. After these telegrams had bee
sent, the meeting adjourned. In the aftei
noon the officers of the company m<
again and it is surmised received the dl;
patches from the financiers in New Yor
outlining the policy that is to be followe
In reference to the. strike.
• A rumor, was in circulation late last
nlghY'that -William J. Dingee. the well
known capitalist, was seriously ; III. but
the report could not be confirmed. Dingee
Is at present living at tne Palace Hotel
The hotel management denied all knowl
edge of his, reported illness. . ; .
only cars that- were being op
erated 1 ! by; the -United Railroads. Early
yesterday morning the-', two drivers took
their cars out on. the first run down Cal
ifornia streef. They* did not go far how
ever, before a committee of the striking
street car men so worked upon the
drivers of the cars that they left them
This made the tie-up of the United Rail
roads complete. <
Reported Illness of a Capitalist.
The. r Master. Barbers' Association has
adopted resolutions indorsing the strike
of the street car employes and the action
of Mavor . Schmitz on the stand he has
taken in the present controversy. The
resolutions are signed by L. Conrad, pres
ident, and S. Heller, secretary. J
Barbers in Sympathy.
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— No trouble is
apprehended here as a result of the
streetcar strike now on in San Francisco.
General Manager John A. Muir of the
Los Angeles Hallway Company states
that he has not been requested to for
ward men .from this : city to take the
places of the strikers. .
Mr, :Muir says; "There is no surplus
labor-for the purpose in this territory."
Inquiry among the men employed by the
Huntington-Hellman syndicate and the
Traction Company reveals the fact that
all are satisfied with their positions.
Do Not Fear Trouble.
Attorney General Ford declined to dis
,cuss anything in reference to Manager
¦Vining. He said that it was a subject
that he could not talk about. He stated,
however, that the reports that Manager
Vining had handed in his resignation were
erroneous.
They want to be friendly with all the street
car employes and they really bear them no ill
will. I am very hopeful that the strike wili
end at once and there is every indication that
it will.
The new owners of the road are willing to do
everything that is t&lr'. They are Just from the
East and are not familiar with the situation of
affairs in San Francisco. They don't want at
the start-off to be put in a bad light before
the general public and they will go to the meet
ins to-morrow . morning •willing: to do their
share toward, ending the strike.
that a conference be held and at a meeting of
the directors late this afternoon it was decided
to accept the Invitation to treat with the men.
I think the trouble will be settled without dlffl
culty. :
Clearance Sale of Framed Pictures.
1000 framed pictures— many of thenf
good as^ew. and all will be closed out at
genuine -bargains.,. 8anborn,,Vall & Co,
741 MarkefSt.' - . .
'It relieves -the pain at once, prevents" blister
ing ,'ancS insures healing. .* Also , invaluable for
bruises, pitching, cold In ' head and catarrh,' while
for plita it-will surprise you the way. it relieves
and 'cures ; them." ; Price. . 25c and " 50c, at drus
glsts or by mail. ! Ealva-cea, 274 Canal »t,7"N.Y.
For Burns— Use Salva-cea.
. Deputy United; States Marshal S. Benas
was promoted yesterday to the position of
bailiff and messenger of the United States
District Court. /This I.s: a newly created
office. Berias' place in the Marshal's of
fice has been filled by the appointment*
/if ..John D. Shine. Shine is. a son of
United States Marshal Shine.
Change in the Marshal's Office.
Accused of , Crooked ,, Gambling. ¦
James Gillespie . was r arrested ' yesterda v
by Detective Coleman at 406 Dupont street
on the charge of petty larceny. jGlllesplf*
has been -conducting a; "ball" and -net"
gambling game for, several days past, and'
one of the victims, '-who. claimed ito have
been defrauded of $40, , made complaint to
the police.' jfiSj*^ &*S?^HS#?' V '•"'.''>
3 The ' headquarters band and Firsts and
Third- battalions of tho Third .Infantry
leave. iVngel Island to-day for. their new
stations in Kentucky, Tennessee and In
diana",' Target practice with the big guns
at the harbor entrance .will be resumed
to-morrow. Thirty of the bodies of sol
diers who t died in the' Philippines were
buried at the national- cemetery at the
Presidio yesterday.
News in Army Circles.
- The , entertainment for ' the aid of st
Francis building, fund, will- be -given' this
evening at Golden Gate Hall. The pro
ceeds are: to be -devoted to the erection
of a home for the clergy of St. Francis
Church, at ' the corner of Vallejo street
•and Montgomery avenue, and of which
'Rev. . Father Caraher Is pastor. : w ' Mcn
• The parishioners. have been working as
siduously to insure success for the enter
•tainment and it is-. expected -that> the hall
will be crowced, despite the* fact' that the
street cars are not running.:: An excellent
programme of vocal and instrumental
music and literary exercises has been-ar
ranged.. Some of the best entertainers In
the city have, volunteered their services
Parishioners Trying to Raise Money
to Build Clergy of St. Francis
Church a Home.
The contest debate of- the Debating
League of California will be held this
evening at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium
The question for discussion will be: "Re
solved. That the Cabinet System of Gov
ernment is Preferable to ; the Congres-'
sflonal." The affirmative side wiil be "ar
gued by the San Rafael High School, r«p-.
resented by Henry Boyen, Elmer 'Mlllard'
and Miss Georgia Doody. while the nega
tive side will be upheld by the. California
Business College of San Francisco to be
represented by Miss Florence Blumenthal''-
Miss Emma Steudeman and' Walter*
Menne. The judges of the debate will b€'
Judge F. M. Angellotti of San Rafael
Judge Frank Kerrigan of San Francisco
and Professor H. A. Overstreet of the
University of California. The question
will be limited to the discussion of the
merits of the 'English Cabinet, system 'of
government over the American Congres
sional system.
To Hold Debating Contest.
ENTERTAINMENT TO AID
CHURCH BUILDING FUND
: Rumors have been circulated to the ef
fect;that the ( management of the :Califor
nia -.Street Railway.' Company 'had In
formed its employes that. in the event of
a settlement being made . between the
Ignited Railroads' officials and the strik
ers the 1 former- line -would pay, its men
2 cents an 'hour more than the United
.Railroads', schedule. This report was'de
nied, by Superintendent J. W. Harris of
the California, street system last , even T
ing." "He,also denied the: report that: his
men were receiving 50 cents a day extra
during the. periqdof.1 the strike. . '
"No, ¦wo.have not made any .arrange
ment with our men,'.' .said Superintendent
Harris. "We are getting along splendidly
wlth : our employes, and I am. very, proud
of -them. When' the* strike first came on
some of the men came to* roe for advice
and ' asked me If they; should join the un
ion. I told them - that \ they j should • use
. their ' own ; discretion. ; To-day every grlp
man and' conductor, is ',& member of- the
union. . My company has no objection to
them belonging to an organization. '•, .
¦."We are not paying our.. men 60 cents a
day , extra- during the strike. • The men.
however, have all been working • extra
hours and much; harder. during the strike,
and. the company will not overlook that
fact and ; will, pay- them . liberally.' for their
efforts." : ¦•¦:.-! --.;¦¦ ¦ ' .;
Reports made by Chief of Police Witt
man, Captain of/ Detectives .Seymour,
two sergeants, .three defectives and seven
patrolmen 'to\lneA~.B'oani. of* 'Police Com
missioners last et'aning" settled the ques
tion as to the character of the saloon con
ducted by William ' Lyons at 218 Post
street, j The reports of the various officers
agreed in giving an excellent reputation
to the saloon and in proving that its man
agement was hot violating any ordinances
or regulations made by the Commission
ers. The side door exists with consent of
the Commissioners granted March 1, 1901,
and January 25 of the present year. The
term, "bucket of blood," was never men
tioned in connection with the saloon until
it recently appeared in a morning and an
afternoon paper.
The reputation of Lyons was stated as
honest and good, that of his male patrons
good and that of his female patrons ques
tionable. • He maintains all of his ap
pointments in accordance with the law
and police regulations. All of the officers,
and many of them have been on beats in
the vicinity for many years, say that
never has an occasion arisen where they
¦were called to the place,,, and that no
crime or disturbance, however slight, has
«v«r been committed In the saloon
Sergeant Detectives Dinan and Wren
•who have been detailed on the Garrett
a^s^ult case, say that Lyons, was not
only innocent of any connection with the
affair, but that he did allMn his power
to assist them in apprehending .the as
sailants. A number of merchants along
Pest street who were interviewed stat-d
that Lyons place was respectable and X>r>-~
derly, but some of them objected for
business reasons, io having any saloons
in the neighborhood. After a consulta
tion the Commissioners decided to ask
Lyors to appear before them at the next
regular meeting.
lice Commissioners Refute
False Reports.
Statements Kade to the Board of Po-
ETON'S SALOON BEABS . .
EXCELLENT REPUTATION
: A. crowd soon collected, composed main
ly of^ curious people, intermixed with a
goodly supply of. small boys. The street
became quickly blockaded and a. message
was 3ent to the Central Police Station.
The V crowd became boisterous, rocking,
the-car -and jeering the crew. The mem
bers of the peace committee on the car
used every possible means to prevent
trouble,' arguing, that violence only hurt
the cause of the strikers and manage.l
to keep the hoodlums away from ; the car
until a patrol wagon full of policemen ar
rived and cleared the street.
WEAPONS FOUND ON MEN.
Another ' car was ¦ operated ' during ' the '
afternoon by Superintendent Reynolds
and Assistant ¦ Superintendent Morris, the
former occupying the rear platform and
the latter holding the grip. George Mon
ahan and Charles L." Tudor, -\. who ¦ had
charge of a car on ¦ the Ellis street • line
yesterday, were • arrested :hy Officers
Brady ' and Alexander for - carrying < con
cealed weapons. - When their car reach
ed Ellis and Gough streets- a sympathiz
ing teamster deliberately blocked its
progress. ¦ .At this ', juncture . members' of
the carmen's 'union notified the police
that. the crew carried weapons. The men
were searched,'. & slung-shot being found
on .Monahan,' while Tudor had • a loaded
piStOl.: .-¦¦... ..-'.': ,.. .... . . r; :
•:'., Tudor had, been formerly employed as
a gripman on , the -Valencia stret line; but
.was discharged -for, attending the races. *
* 'All m* day; .Monday Uhe* two : horse
cars . were run, on- , California street
to: the ferries. These ' were ' the
"The car proceeded without trouble until
It reached Kearny street, where it was
boarded by a crowd ; of young hoodlums,
who made life miserable for the crew for
a few minutes by nearly rocking the car
off the tracks./ Near : Montgomery street
the- track was blockaded by a deltvery
wagon of.Zellerbach & Sons, Which had a
broken wheel. " . '¦:¦
At 8 o'clock asecond car was'run out,
in charge of the same motorman and a
new conductor. The conductor, however,
was won over by the strikers before the"
car could make the switch. The car re
mained on the track for fifteen, minutes,
when a new conductor came out of* the
barn and boarded it. The car was imme
diately started, the motorman thinking to
escape the strikers, but several secured a
footing, on the. flying vehicle. On the
down, trip they reasoned with the new
conductor, C. B. Tyler, who gave -his rea-'
sons for his actions by -stating that s his
family was In absolute want. "Come with
us and we'll take care of you," chorused
the strikers. By the time the car reached
the house again Tyler was. won for the
strikers'. . cause, but was persuaded to>
make another trip, with the hopes of
meeting some of the officials of the car
men's union on the down'trip. "When the
car reached Van Ness avenue and Ellis
street President Cornelius boarded it and
at once interviewed Tyler. "What are you
after?" asked Cornelius. "All I want is
assistance for the present," said Tyler.
"If I can -get that I'll join the union at
once." Cornelius handed him "a $5 piece,
and when the car reached Jones - street
Tyler accompanied the president to the
Turk-street Temple and Joined the union.
Tyler Is a discharged, employe of the
railroad company.. . • ..
1 The Sutter, street road In order, to tech
nically protect its. franchise sent out car
No. 31 yesterday afternoon' in charge of
Superintendent Stephens as gripman anil
a timer named Grimes as conductor.
WON OVER BY STRIKERS.
were detailed to serve at this car house.
At about 7 o'clock car 552 of the Ellis
street line emerged from the barn and
was run up Fillmore street to. make the
switch for Ellis street. The motorman,
who handled the car in veteran ¦¦ style,
was a young fellow unknown to the
strikers. The car was immediately board
ed by a crowd of strikers, who endeavored
to induce the crew to leave. Talking to
the motorman" was useless, but the con
ductor finally left the car, amid the cheers
of the strikers. There were two-detec
tives on the car and they, along with the
motorman, were said to be in the employ
of Curtin's Agency. Another conductor
was secured and the temporarily Impeded
progress of the car resumed. * It made the
round trip, carrying members of the peace
committee, to guard against- violence.'
When the car reached Market and Ellis
streets a large crowd assembled and made
a demonstration • which was limited to
noise by the action of the peace commit
tee, which for a time had its hands full
keeping the crowd from attacking the
car. The car returned to the- house on
Turk street without proceeding dowri
Fourth street. At the end of the run the
conductor resigned his position and an
nounced his Intention of joining the union.
The traffic done by owners of "vehicle*
on the main streets .continues to grow
da »V- Several hundred wagons are beinsr
used for the transportation of passeiilJrs
. STRIKERS AR,E HOPEFUL
n 1 I h S,, m H ra l BUpROrt elven the strikers by
tne public. has encouraged them ¦ eriMtiv
President " Cornelius . of the » cfrZfc
ml&ightf " the f ° ll0Wlns StateSSTnt
tna^be^V^ave 'p?act,c«^-
In the employ of the United Railroads Cmn
pany except the officers of the corn^tny wHh
us. We are trying to conduct our He'ht on
decent and honorable lines, trusting in the
justice of our cause. ¦ " e
- The San Francisco Labor Council In
dorsed the carmen's strike at its meeting
last night and voted ¦ $400 . to ¦ the -treasury
of the carmen's union for the benefit' of
the' strikers .Mayor Schmttz's acts dur
ing the strike were Indorsed, but an at
tempt made to Indorse Governor Gaee's
ra° S , e<^ med L a t'°n «n the -strike w y
howled down by the delegates ¦ •
Mayor Schmitz is as determined as*eveV
that no police wlllbe detailed for special
•th^ lc t e h ° n str^ars until it i \- shefwn
that the necessity therefor exists /He
says the company will not be molested
by the strikers in the moving of the°r ? cars
m«i hey an flnd then «n to act as motor
men and conductors. The strikers h»
said, were determined to keep the peace
and would tolerate no overt acts on th*
part of any of their, number. The Mavor
was^hopeful that the conference of to-day
would result in declaring the strike' off
sTstem 6 resum P tlon of traffic along 0 the
¦With the exception of one br two cars
which were turned out by the company,
the tie-up Of the system was as complete
as ever. . The strikers succeeded in win
ning over the motormen and conductors
who took out the cars and these are now
members of the Amalgamated Association
of Streetcar- Employes of America.
Barring: a few minor quarrels,- the day
was peaceful and comparatively uneveni-
TIE-UP IS COMPLETE.
Attorney Tirey L." Ford virtually said
Iast : night that the company was pre
pared to end the strike, . but on what
terms remains to be seen. 'It .Is , to be
expected, that suggestions will be made
at the conference to end the strike at
once, the condition being certain conces
sions by both parties to the controversy.
The strikers declare that they will not
make unreasonable demands, and that if
the company is prepared to treat with
them on a fair basis no trouble will be
experienced in arriving at a settlement
of advantage to both sides. Altogether,
the. situation is full of promise, and there
are many who express, the belief that tho
end Of the strike Is in sight. . .
voiced the warning .thaV the company, if
it declined to ' treat with the strikers,
would be held responsible by the public
for .vny developments such refusal might
occasion. At a late hour last nlgitt the
directors of the United Railroads sent a
reply consenting to meet the Mayor this
morning.
CA I IPriRNIA
STREET pNE
: KEEPS BUSY
Resolved,, That we indorse the resolution
adopted by the Board of Supervisors regarding
the' granting of franchises, to the effect that
in future all franchises .granted by the city to
any street' railroad company must contain a
clause, stating that no discrimination shall be
made against any employe -on the ground that
said employe is a member, ''of a labor union. ,
FAITH IN STUIKERS.
' It is our opinion -that the striking car men
will commit no overt act or in any manner re
sort to violence in their efforts to obtain their
end; on the contrary? We think they will use
their best efforts to keep the peace and assist
In protecting property. . Any different action en
their part would injure their cause and lose
them the sympathy and support of the public.
We most earnestly request them to use their
bent efforts to continue the running of the
California and Union street roads,, believing
that such course will better ¦ promote their in
terests, as. also that of the public.
' We look with, fear to'the. introduction. of un
skilled labor to replace that of the old ¦ em
ployes — the lives of the public would not be
safe: ........ " , . .:'.-.
In.. the. statement published by the railroad
company last Sunday.lt says: "The company
is. ready at any time to consider carefully any
complaint made by any employe." This state
ment, we. think, Is not borne out by facts, nor
can it be expected that- they would pay any
attention to the ( complaint of an employe
when they utterly ignore and fail to answer
i complaints made by thjs Grand Jury.
-,: . CHARLES SONNTAG,
¦ *', . . Foreman of the Grand Jury.
W. B.SANBORN, Secretary of the Grand
MAYOR SENDS .. REPLY.
The resolutions were transmitted ! to
Mayor Schmitz, who thereupon sent the
following repiy^ '¦ • ' j
• Mayor's Office, April 22." 1902.
To the' Grand Jury of the City, and County
of '<San .'Francisco — Gentlemen: • I have the
Honor to- acknowledse receipt of copy \of your
resolutions this day trasmltted to me, and beg
to thank you for the very kindly and encourag
ing words of - approval and commendation
which you have in said resolution addressed to ¦
me.'.\ This unusual compliment i« appreciated
by .ire most profoundly. .' I regard it not only
as an evidence of • appreciation ;of myactlons
thub' far I in the matter of the i'exlstlng strike,
but' also na an inspiration and a- spur for fu
ture -work' in the interest of peace and law and
order and an approbation of a snlrit of jus
tice and fair play toward both sides in the
pending controversy. . . .• • -. . . ,
On "behalf of the people of San Francisco,
Irrespective of, industrial or financial status.
I tUank youfor, this further evfdence of your
interest In public welfare and your zeal for the
public interest. Very sincerely yours.-
E. E. SCHMITZ.
¦ Mayor of the City, and County of Ban Fran-
.The resolution was reported to the jury
by the; committee- on. corporations, , of
which William Lewis I is chairman and
Edward Culin and' E. ? P. Farnsworth
members. The resolutions are as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. April 22, 1002. i
-.Hen. E. E. SchmlU. Mayor of the City and
County/. of San Francisco— Dear Sir: The. fol
lo-wTing»re80Iutibns*were-iidopted'"by. the, Grand
Juryi" ,"-,"¦ :':'t-': ~\ . :»' ¦« ¦¦-•¦" " '* ¦_;¦:.
Resolved, That the, Grand .Jury highly com
mend the Mayor of* thl« . city in. Ahe position
assumed by. him in. reference to the striking*
car men. Especially do. we indorse his action' 1
in refusing to allow the police to act as guards
for the street cars. \
; ¦ the resolution of the Board of
Supervisors relative to the street railway
franchises, and a- clause therein provid
ing there.; shall . be no \ discrimination
against employes because of affiliation
with a labor union. ¦ :¦. ' • -. I
¦fc_I^ HE • Grand Jury performed . a
r ffl A very graceful act yesterday
M wh?n it adopted a set of
HS resolutions indorsing Mayor
/§? Schmltz's course in the strike,
• ""¦*¦ . and, declaring itself in favor of
* Mayor Schmttz-and.a committee of the
striking carmen ¦ entered «¦• the . meeting of
tne. Police Commissioners •shortly, after It
was opened.:. The. object of the visit, It
was stated, was to assure the Commis
sI6nBrs that' tuefe s wks absolutely no
necessity- of providing armed guards for
the. cars, and guaranteeing on the p:irt of
the strikers abs6Iute security io .person,
and property. Before opportunity v/as
given for this representation' the agree
ment for a conference on the part of the
United Railroad offlc'als was made'known
to the Mayor, who r.l once called the car
men into the License Office, where a con
sultation was heid lasting more than r.n
hour. Then the Mayor announced £hat I'e
would' give out a full statement of ih*
eveitts leading «ip to the conference agree •
ment later in t'ruj r.lght.
-Kelly bdwed 'I'd the, decision of.. the hoard
and Pinkerton left .the room.., But Kelly
did not. gp.v with him., Instead.Vthe attor
ney.^ fesuroed :hls talk,< and In a decisive
tone., made- this -statement: • . -¦¦.'.'
- VI. am here to ask. the commission to af
ford us a proper guard." .
President Newhall . interrupted the
speaker at this point and.said:
. "I will say that the Market Street Com
pany,'.the United Railroads or any citizen
will receive proper protection.. It will be
left to this department .to say just what
occasion there fs for protection, also to
elect the manner in which it shall be af
forded. 'It is not for the 'railway com
pany br anybody else to dictate to us how
we shall preserve peace and order, and
we will not sanction any such dictation.
You will receive as good protection as the
police of this city can give you. I can
not see what morer we' can. do."
"When men are pulled from cars, does
that look like protection?" interrogated
Kelly. ' • '
"Were you there when that. happened?"
asked ¦Commissioner Mahoney. "I. did
not hear of any such occurrence." Presi
dent; Newhall closed the discussion by
saying that police officers would do their
duty fully and faithfully, ¦ and that It
would be left to their Judgment to decide
when interference by them would be
necessary in the premises. Kelly picked
up. his hat and .retired . from the room.
»The- commission' continued with its rou
tine business. V -
¦Commissioner, Hutton asked what dis
position had been made of Pinkerton's
case in the police court Kelly replied
that" the case bad. been continued until
Thursday, whereupon the commissioner
stated that he was. in favor of deferring
action until the. case had been settled in
court. The.- other, con
curred in- th!s opinion. , ". .-.".'
Company.' Attorney' Frank Kelly ap
pieared'-for the company and demanded
protection JCronv , the . board. Protection,- as
he required it, meant the arming of
guards, the armings of" : non-union men or
the convoying of cars by police officers.
The ' matter was brought to the atten
tion of the board in the form of an appli
cation to carry a concealed weapon made
by- Samuel Pinkerton. Pinkerton is a
non-union employe of the company who
was arrested Monday for carrying a con
cealed weapon without a permit. His ap
plication was sent in Monday afternoon
by Superintendent Vining's office boy.
and Pinkerton's last night
was upon the request of the Commission
ers that he urge his cause in person.*
Attorney Kelly came to the front first
on. behalf of Einkerton. He pleaded that
his client's, life was in danger and asked
that be be permitted-, to arm-, himself.
Then Kelly made his- argument : general
and asked that many men b£ equipped
with shooting apparatus. In view of the
fact that Pinkerton's case was still pend
ing in the Police Court all discussion on
his ' particular .case wa.s postponed until
the action of the court could be an
nounced. , .. - •'*,
Then Kelly put forth his demand on the
part of the company. He desired protec
tion, and his; definition of the term con
flicted with the ideas of the board on
the same subject. Hardly had the words
of his request left his lips than Commis
sioner Newhall interrupted him. The
president of the board resented the effort
of. the company to force Its demands. In
emphatic language, .Newhall said that no
dictation from the«railroad. would be tol
erated. The board would judge. 'Newhail
said, as to what protection should be af
forded and police officers, should judge
when It was necessary ' for . them to exer
cise their authority. There the incident
closed and Attorney Kelly left the room.
. "We desire to run our cars and to have
protection against all violence and in
sult," said KeUy. .'.'This afternoon two
of our men were dragged from the cars
by a mob of about fifteen men. I do not
know whether these men" were strikers
or- members of the rabble, but I do know
that if we' Had had proper guards on our
cars ft' Would 1 not' have happened and the
riottrs could not" have made the attack.
If a mahVgoesynto. ;your horuse you have
alright to>.pjrptect i yourself against his
Invasion, jusf-the same do' we expect the
right to guarantiee immunity from harm
to our employes, orour- cars," -.
Mayor's Acts During
Strike Warmly
Approved.
SCHMITZ
INDORSED
BY JURY
I am satisfied that the conference will be
productive of good results, and the people of
San Francisco will feel exceedingly gratified at
the prospective settlement of the-exining con
troversy. Yours very respectfully.
„ _¦ E..E..PCHMITZ, Mayor.
San Francisco. April 22, 1902/.-:-'
: conference the Mayor invltcl
the committee to meet the representa
tives of their former employers in the
Mayor's office at 10 o'clock this morning.
The following letter, which was sent to
the striking street car men, was read:
Amalgamated Association of Street Rail
way Employes of America— Gentlemen : This
afternoon 1 addressed to the United Railroads
of San Francisco -a communication in which
I suggested the eminent desirability of an
immediate conference between representatives
or both sides of the pending controversy,
with a view toward an immediate ssttlement
of the strike on fair and friendly terms.
This evening I have received from the rail
road company a very courteous reply, consent
ing to a conference with a committee of their
employes to-morrow (Wednesday) morninc at
10 o'clock, and suggesting that such meet
ing be held in the office of their president at
the northeast corner of Second and Mission
In the name of the city of San Francisco,
end for the continuance of her peace and
f.rosperity. I trust that you trill at once ar
range to meet your former employers, accord
ing to my suggestion, and that, actuated by
a. sincere desire for the welfare of the city and
tf yourselves arid your families, you approach
this meeting with feelings of good will toward
the railway company — with the intention and
desire ol meeting liberally and fairly every
vropostion of the company and with the de
termination of effecting with all reasonable
concessions and agreements an immediate set
tlement of ¦ the < strike.
In the-Blttcere'hope'tirat'beforefhe dawn of
a second day this great and peaceful strike wiil
have passed into history, leaving stronger and
firmer the confidence ot the people of San Fran
cisco In the great conservative working classes
of our city, I am very sincerely yours,
y E. E. SCHMITZ. Mayor.
Irclosed herewith you will find a copy «f my
letter to the United Railroads of San Fran
cisco. E. E. S.
11 p. m... April 22, 1902.
The following reply' was read to the
city's chief executive: — -
Hon. Eugei.e E. Schmitz. Mayor— Dear Sir:
The Amalgamated Association -of Street Rail
way Employes of America.;- No.- 205.. acknowl
edges with much pleasure the receipt of your
letter of to-night, and we thank you. from
thi bottom of our hearts for the interest you
hav« taken in us, both as a public -official
and as a roan. . .
\\> accept your suggestions with sincere ap
preciation and will forthwith appoint a com
ir.Htee of seven of our members, employes of
trl'e company, to confer with our former em
ployers, as per your request. We prefer, how
ever, to m»et at your "office, if you will per-'
mil u? so to do. and respectfully ask you to
convty this desire to the officers of the com
pany. |
We assure you. we shall do all in our
power to bring this strike. to, an 'immediate
and peaceful settlement, and. shall meet ' with
as honest desire and intention to end the
conditions, which .are -entailing, , as. we know,
considerable inconvenience 5 tp» our fellow clti
eens, whose enthusiastic sympathy and sup
port we will seek to Justify, not only through
an early restoration of street railway traffic,
but also in every other way In which appre
ciative and sincere men .may manifest their
good intentions. •
. Assuring you of our highest . regard and
tfteem, we are.
Very gratefully yours.
-Amalgamated Association of Street Railway
Employes of America, Xo. 205 by
P. CORNELIUS. President.
WILLIAM T. JAXE, Secretary.
San Francisco. April 22, 1902.
Mayor Schmitz then dictated the follow
ing communication to the railroad peo
ple:
Vnited Railroads of San Francisco—Gentle
men : I have the ponor to inform you that
»rpon receipt of your communication of even
date I transmitted to the association of the
f trikir.g streetcar employes a letter communi
cating to them the purport of your communica
tion to me. Thereafter I received from them
a communication of which a copy is herewith
Inclosed; at the same time I had a personal in
terview with their executive committee and in
accordance with their desire I beg to invite you
to meet a committee of your former employes
appointed as per your suggestion at my office In
the City Hall to-morrow (Wednesday) at 10
¦. m. ' ¦ . '
- TT - ATE last night Mayor Schmitz
W' held a conference with" the ex-
B ecutive committee of the
B- Amalgamated Association of
IF Street Railway Employes of
' a^^^ this city. As a result of the
Hold a Night Session
in the Mayor's'
1 Office.
CARMEN
CONSULT
SCHMITZ
LABOR COUNCIL INDORSES THE STRIKE
COUNCIL
ASSISTS
CARMEN
Gage's Name Greeted
With Derisive
Shouts. 1
• -a FTER a spirited debate-lasting
L -/'Jmt more than an hour the Sail
->VrH. -Francisco Labor Council at a
j / B specially called meeting held
UL'f--, JeL last night at Pythian Castle
unanimously indorsed the ac
itlon of the Street Car Men's Union, voted
$400 for its assistance and indorsed th«»
action of Mayor Schmitz in endeavoring
to avoid trouble but vociferously, hootert
down a proposition to indorse th» : action
of -Governor Gage regarding the strike.
Some two weeks ago when the proposi
tion to indorse a strike on the part of the
car employes' union- was presented to the
Labor Council the matter was voted
down. . At that time the street car men
felt that they were not at liberty- to dis
close what their intentions were and in
the absence of the information then sought
the resolutions failed of passage by a
close vote. • As the situation was increas
ing in gravity many conferences were held
with the executive committee of the La
bor Council and It was assured 'of tha
.support of the unions affiliated with that '
organization. . ' .
Some months ago as was published ex
clusively in The Call at the time, the
street railroad men were ready to- enforce
their demands. .Spotters were sent out
by the Market Street Railway Company
and wholesale discharges followed. Soma
of the men were restored, but the" leader*
of the union felt that the time was not
ripe and the then threatened strike wa»
delayed. The organization was perfected,
with results that are now so familiar to
the public. All this was brought, out in
the debate which followed the presenta>
tion of the following communication fronl
the executive committee of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council:
To the Officers and Delegates of the Sin
Francisco Labor Council: Your executive com
mittee has called you to this special meetl-.*
to act oa the strike of the atreet car;men ft
this city. . -i P
Your committee recommends that tn» »tr*M
be indorsed. It further recommend* that you
give tbe executive committee power to s«cur«
to the striking street car men of this city th*
moral and financial assistance of all union men
and all friends of labor.
"VV. H. GOFF. Chairman. .
•ED ROSENBERG. Secretary. ¦ - <• _
THOMAS WRIGHT.
M. W. COFFEY.
MARCEL WILLE.
. . :. • M. J. SULLIVAN.
April 22. 1002. * '
. The principal objection to the resolution
came from Delegate Keane of the Sail
ors* Union. He claimed that the council,
after refusing to indorse the strike, would
stultify itself by now indorsing it. His
views were not shared by a majority of
the delegates and a dozen of them were
on their feet at once in an endeavor to
gain recognition from the chair. The ma
jority of the speakers were delegates who
had voted against the original proposition
and they explained that their change ot
feeling was mostly due to the Information
which they had received since from Pres
ident Cornelius and the executive com
mittee of the Car Men's- Union. ..
Secretary Rosenberg in a few woYda ex
aessed reasons why the executive com
4tee had taken this stand,. -', He said in
pact:.- -. _~. —^..'mlS'r \')~* j .'* .
Two weeks ajto your executive committee
recommended to indorse the impend; ns striiw
of the street car men's "union. AVe then thought
the matter mlirht be adjusted, and it was so
stated In the meeting-. '±'h« council then votsvi.^
not to indorse. But aincVthen it has come u» v
this proposition: "Klther let Vising; go through ;
their socket* pr let theft* put up.'r their mitti
and fl*ht." Alter the- vote of the council we:
advised them to keep peace. Then Vining
gathered courage and discharged six men in a
bunch. Vlnlng uroved himself by this action
the best f riena of the car men. . He put them
on their mettle. The offlce of the Labor Coun
cil was in constant communication with them
and we knew that the time had come to strike.
We considered all phases of the strike and
were advised by President Mahon of the in
ternational association to communicate with
the First Assistant Postmaster General in ref
erence to the running of the mail cars, which
we did. It looks like a protracted fight, as the
Baltimore* syndicate owns railroads In many
of the principal cities of the United States.
This entire misunderstanding was caused- by
the previous action of the conunciL If these
men need assistance, let us give them both
moral and financial support. Let them appoint
committees and see to the collection of funds
and pay the money direct to the car men.
Delegate Knox of the Carmen's Union
said the carmen were ready to ca,rry on
the fight themselves. They were prom
ised the financial support of the men' on
the California-street line. '
"Send your men out to the end of the
line, said they to us to-day," continued
• Knox. "Let them hold their union card
in one hand and a hat in the other and we
; will guarantee to fill the hat with money."
As soon as Knox finished his remarks
cries for the previous rjaestton shut off
debate and the resolution to Indorse tho
strike was unanimously adopted by a
rising vote. ". •
At the suggestion of the treasurer of
the Labor Council Marcel Wille of, the
Bakers' and Confectioners' Union moved
to pay to the Carmen's Union .J30Q ; from
the funds of the Labor Council. This
was amended .by. E. F. Westoby's motion
to Jncrease the amount to- $400, and the
amendment was adopted by a unanimous
rising vote and considerable cheering.
Delegate Dijeau of the Milk Drivers*
Union secured an indorsement of the
stand taken by Mayor Schmitz in relation
to the strike and his earnest endeavors
to obtain an early settlement. It was
adopted amid great enthusiasm.
"I propose that we indorse also the .ac
tion' of Governor Gage regarding this
strike." said a delegate in- the rear of the
hal|, who sat down so quickly that 'the
chair had no opportunity to recognize
him. There was a chorus of grunts and
"oughs," but no. second to the motion.
Instead, a dozen delegates were on their
feet at once, some with motions to ad
journ and 1 others calling* for 1 Cornelius,
and the proposed Gage indorsement was
drowned by the noise.
President Cornelius briefly thanked the
council for Its action, saying: "All street
car employes except the officials of 1K|
railroad company are. now members ol
the union, and they would have beef
taken in, too, had they ..been eHgfble.
Vlningr says money will buy anything, but
he has at last found something he can
not buy — the manhood and independence
of the carmen."
At the conclusion of the speech of Cor
nelius the meeting adjourned.
Woodworkers Sympathize.
The Amalgamated Woodworkers* Local
Union No. ,15 met last evening 1 and passed
resolution*' indorsing the strike of the
gripmen and conductors.
THE SAN FBANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23, 1902.
At a meetiog'of the ' Police ' Commission- i
ers held last evening in the Hall of Jus
tice the positi&n of the board regarding
the arming -of—men .Vto. accompany ,jcars.
which might be run over the tied-up lines
during the strike was positively stated
and emphasized to the United Railroads
POLICE WlLL
RENDER AID
WHEN NEEDED
The leading officials of the United Rail
roads held two meetings yesterday, one
in the morning and another late in the
afternoon. In the morning long dis
patches were*framed and "sent to the rep
resentatives of the syndicate in New
OFFICIALS
ARE BECOMING
VERY GLOOMY
4
.¦ .a ' ':' '-_-,__ ' ' '"-' - .¦¦-•" ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' :.;B'
¦*" Bww. *\ - ' iW • Em KB I B f Ba - j - . |2
S LEAVITT & BIJLvL- 1
g' For a wheel to ride while *|
5 the cars are not running. If
I CliY ELANDS, $25 0° I
[TRIBUNES, ..' -~^ f
I SNELLS, $50-00 |
1 LEAVITT & BILL, 307-309 Larkin Street. I
BBflBBflBBBBBBBBflflBBBBBBaEBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBaBUnder the auspices of the Welsh Ladies'
Aid Society of this city V bazaar will be
held this afternoon aad evening at
Pythian Castle, 909 Market street. Sup
per will be served from. 5 to 8 o'clock and
a musical programme will be given In
the evening. The proceeds will go toward
the building fund of the Welsh Church
now In course of erection on Fourteenth
street, between Valencia and Guerrero.
Bazaar for Welsh ' Church.
The matter was referred to by counsel
for Rathbone in summing up : their
client's case. Rathbone's lawyers de
clared that this promise of immunity had
influenced Reeves to make statements
against Rathbone. : ¦ -
General Wood says • he pardoned
Reeves because he was a witness for the
state. The- order pardoning him did not
come as a surprise, for It has been gen
erally understood, ever since Estes G.
Rathbone was first accused of connection
with the postal frauds, that Reeves bad
been promised immunity by the. military
government. This had been denied, as
well as the fact that the Government had
been using Reeves as a witness for the
state.
HAVANA, April 22.— Governor Gen
eral Wood Issued an order to-day
pardoning, W. R. Reeves, • who was re
cently sentenced to ten years' imprison
ment and to pay a fine of $35,515 for com
plicity in the Cuban postal frauds.
Reeves was liberated at once.
Governor General Wood
Opens the Door of
Havana Prison.
REEVES GAINS
EARLY FREEDOM
. The Board | of Works submitted a state
ment showing the amount of money spent
and made several suggestions relative to
the Improvement of streets sand sewers
throughout the city. Engineer Grunsky
suggested that the board put aside 5509,060
for the reconstruction of the' Mission
sewer, system. ; • . ,'-- '.,;>"¦
. The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met last night and received
the report of the Board of Public Works.
Finances of -Board' of .Works.
According? . to i the Chinese, the province' of
Kwangsi la practically In the hands - of these
lawbreakers, - but there does not appear to be
any cood reason for looking upon these men as '
actuated by -political motives. It Is question
able If the troops sent by the Government are
at all able to do the work of restoring order,
and If, the rebels take to guerrilla flBhting a
force of from 35,000 to 40,000 men will be*
needed. .'¦¦¦• • ' : -._¦•- ¦.-.* ¦
Strict censorship is now j being main
tained in Canton, and the tendency of the
officials is to belittle the rising, the only
news of which can be obtained from ref
ugees. The""" Government forces were di
vided, 1000 being" .sent under Admiral
Ching by the river route, while 3000, un
der^ Marshal Su,.- went overland. -These
forces,, weakened by heavy desertions to
the rebels, were defeated and were await
ing reinforcements.
i The Canton correspondent of the China
Mail says:
VICTORIA, B. C., April 22.— R. W. Lit
tle of the North China Herald, who ar
rived by the steamer Empress of China
to-day, says . the. rebellion in • Kwangsi is
far beyond the power of the Government
troops to suppress it. Marshal Su ' has
only 4000 troops to dispatch against the
rebels and it is unlikely that the Viceroy*
of "other provinces will aid him. "The;
north does not help the south in. China, 1
nor do. the provinces in the " north help
each other.: The most that can be looked
for from their rulers is to guard their
own borders. .
REBELLION. IN CHINA
IS GAINING HEADWAY
Board of Managers of San Francisco
Nursery for Homeless Children :
Returns Thanks. t
The board of managers of the San Fran
cisco Nursery • for Homeless Children . is
highly gratified over the pleasing results
of the rummage sale at 1530 Powell street
last week and desires to express its heart
felt thanks to many sympathetic friends,
who were so liberal in making various
contributions and in' aiding the enter
prise. While the exact figures are not yet
known, it Is believed that about $1000 has
been raised, and this will be applied on
the mortgage of $2000.. on the Lake-street
lot of the institution.
The ladies who directed the affair are:
President, Mrs.. B. '• Bertx; managers — Mrs.
William L. Gerstle\ Mrs. . George Sperry, Mra.
O. B. Burns, Miss 13. C. Cowell, Mrs. James
Elder, Mrs. "William-,; Frank, Mrs. F. V.
Wright. Mrs. Willlam"Hollls. Mrs. J. I* Gould.
Mrs. W. E. Jackson. Mra. H. E. Low. Mrs..
W. S. Leake. Mrs.. Guy E. Mannerlngr, Mrs.
A. H. Martin. Mrs. S. B. McLenezan. Mrs. H.
'E. Osborne, Miss Maude O'Connor, Mrs. E. F.
Preston, Mtes Adelaide Pollock. Mrs. J. J.
Spleker and Mrs. William , Thomas. ¦
BUTVnVTAGE SALE PROVES ;.
* ! .AY COMPLETE SUCCESS
NEW YORK,' April 22.— Clarence
Mackay was traveling- in his au
tomobile toward the Ardsley golf
links ! to-day -at a speed of about
thirty-flve miles an hour, -which Is
in excess of the municipal rule. When
after a hard chase on. a bicycle, a police
man stopped the big twelve horsepower
machine, whose noise could be heard for
a quarter of a mile, Mackay's chauffeur
suddenly put on full speed. The police
man was a fast rider, however, and kept
up with the machine.
Mackay finally ordered his chauffeur to
slow down.
At the police station Mackay paid the
$20 fine Imposed on the chauffeur.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Minister quoted his official reports,
asserting that the military acted purely
in self-defense. Eight members ab
stained from voting. <>
The recent strike riots had an echo in
the 'Chamber of Deputies . to-day when
the House by a vote of 75 to 30 rejected
an interpellation of Mr. van Langendock
(Socialist) on the subject of the killing of
rioters by civil guards at Louvaia (four
miles from Brussels) April 16. The ques
tion precipitated an angry discussion be
tween-M. van Langendock and the Min
ister of the Interior, M. de Troose. The
former characterized the action of the
civic guards as "cold-blooded murder."
There was a general suspension of work
this morning in the factories and' coal
mines of Liege.
BRUSSELS, April 22.— King - Leopold
has responded to "the petition of ths
Chamber of Commerce," asking for his in
tervention in the present crisis, in a con
ciliatory but non-commital manner, in
timating that the Government is carefully
considering the situation and can be de
pended upon to loyally maintain the con
stitution and fulfill its duties by adopt
ing the policy which it deems most useful
for' the well-being and tranquillity of the
country.
Wealthy Young East
erner Violates : Auto
mobile Law.
Responds to the Petition
Asking for His Inter
vention.
¦¦'¦¦ . ¦ XT ¦ • -".
MACKAY PAYS
CHAUFFEUR'S FINE
KING LEOPOLD
IS CONCILIATORY
At a moderate price— one that looks good
and is^good? Made of genuine basswood,
brass trimmed, with leather straps nnd
two. trays. It is a leader in our trunk de
partment, and the price Is $7.50. -We have
a special, suit case also, at ! $6.50, that J is
equally good and cheap. Sanborn," Vail «<fc
Co., 741 Market St. *""~\ '- - •
Do' You Want a Trunk
THE Misses Joan and Wanda
Hadenfeldt were hostesses at a
delightful tea yesterday afternoon
at their residence. 1332 Page
street. Nearly 100 guests enjoyyi
the charming hospitality of these young
ladies notwithstanding the inconvenience
of transit to and from the residence be
cause of the strike. The drawing-rooms
were handsomely decorated. Red was the
prevailing color, roses and satin ribbons
being prettily arranged, with smllax In
terspersed. The halls were banked In
toliage. Musicians were in attendance
and dainty refreshments were served.
Miss Joan Hadenfeldt received in an ex
quisite gown of light gray peau de sole
Mrs. William F.- Herrin and her charm-
Miss Charlotte Graeber makes her debut
as a society entertainer this week. She
grives a recital at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Hall on Friday evening, when she will
entertain her audience with impersona
tions of Becky Sharp from, "Vanity Fair."
She has also been requested to present
some characters from "Pickwick Papers"
—Mr. Pickwick, Mrs. Bardell, Sergeant
Buzfuz and Sam Waller.' Miss Graeber
has already created a furor in club cir
cles with her clever Interpretation of
\Dlckens, and ' there is no reason why
she should not be a decided success with
her professional readings. She has in her
favor beauty, culture and a pleasing man
ner. Several prominent . club women ' are
especiaUy ' interested ' in the success of
Mies Graeber. .:.<¦•
The Daughters of California Pioneers
Society enjoyed an entertainment in the
parlor of Pioneer Hall on Monday after
noon. Preceding the reception s Mrs. Hor
ace Wilson gave an interesting discourse
upon "Uncut Leaves." There were also
a number of well rendered vocal selec
tions. Refreshments were served. . -.
Mrs. George W. Caswell was hostess at
a delightful card party on Monday at her
residence, 1921 Sacramento street. Mrs.
Caswell entertained the directors* of the
Forum Club. Foliage and cut flowers
were effectively arranged throughout the
drawing rooms. Prizes were won by Mrs.
John P. Young. Mrs. F. Frederick, Mrs.
George Spaulding and Mrs. E. G. Den
niston. The score cards were especially
handsome and artistic. They were de
signed by the hostess and made of Rem
ferant gray paper, bearing two-inch photo
graphs of the clubrooms and fancy let
tering. Those present were: Mrs. Henry
Payot. Mrs.-F. W. Knowles, Miss Louise
Elliott. Mrs. J. Homer Fritch. Mrs.
Charles H. Mann, Mrs. C. C. Newhall,
Mrs. John : Leviston, Miss j Mabel Ayer,
Mrs. John P. Young, Mrs. • E. G. Den
niston, Mrs. F. Frederick and Mrs.
George Spaulding.
Mrs. S. W. Banker gave her second "at
home" yesterday afternoon at her new
residence. Mrs. Banker has but recently
removed from the California Hotel, and
yesterday was her last formal reception
day. Many callers were received, and the
drawing rooms were prettily decorated
with flowed, chiefly pink eucalyptus. .
The officers at the Presidio gave another
of their pleasant hops last evening. There
were nearly 100 present, the affair being
much smaller than the last. The delight
ful informality added much to the pleas
ure of the guests. The dancing continued
until shortly after midnight, when a sup
per was served and the happy young
people departed.
Mr, and Mrs. William F. Herrin gave an
elaborate dinner last evening at their
beautiful home, Broadway and . Scott
streets. The affair was given in honor of
the Harrlmans, who came up from Bur
lingame especially for the occasion. Cov
ers were laid for eighteen guests, both
ladles and gentlemen, of the older set.
The table was lavishly decorated in
American beauties. Everything was per
fectly appointed and the affair was en
joyable in every particular.
¦with yoke and sleeves of black Chantilly
lace. Miss Wanda was prettily gowned
in white etamine with white Russian lace.
Mrs. Hadenfeldt was charming in black
net over silk and embroidered in steel
spangles. She wore a f«w handsome dia
mond ornaments. • '
Miss Lavigna Giestlng, Miss C. de
Colmesnil, Miss Nettie Sexton, Mrs. F.
Martens, Mrs. H. Fischbeck and Mrs.
Percy Long assisted in receiving.
A dinner followed the Hadenfeldt tea at
the residence. Covers were laid , for
twenty. The table was richly decorated
In red roses with red shades on the can
delabra. The evening was most pleasant
ly spent-
COPENHAGEN, April 22.— The Lands
thing to-day considered in open session
the treaty providing for. the sale. of the
Danish West Indies to" the United States:
The Foreign Minister, Dr. Deuntzer,
made a strong pro-sale speech, covering
the various arguments of. the opposition
against the sale of the island. He cre
ated a sensation by reading statements
from the United States official publica
tions showing that Estrup, the leader of
the opposition, offered to sell theMslan-ia
to the United States in 1892, when he was
Minister of Finance. ¦ "- , ; " .
Dr Deuntzer also ridiculed the fear or
the opposition that the United States
Congress might refuse to appropriate
$5 000 000 to purchase the islands, contro
verting the arguments against the treaty
because it did not confer citizenship and
free trade on the islanders, pointing out
that the Danish constitution does not ex
tend to the islands, and Denmark does
not enjoy free trade, while, he added, a
recent decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States insures the islands im
mediate free trade with the United
S Ex e -Preslde l nt Redtz-Thott and the Min
isterialist leader, Madsen Mygdal, follow
ed, praising the growth of Liberal insti
tutions in the United States and declar
ing that the\sale Insured the prosperity
° f It th fs * ewelted that the vote- will be
taken to-morrow.
most important witness of the day. He
told of Dlmmick's arrest on the night ol
Aucust 9 " 1901, and the conversations that
had taken place between them. Burns
said: . . . -
I took him to my room at the hotel and told
him of his rights in the matter. I told him
he was arrested on three charges of embezzle
ment and that each was as serious as the rob
bery of the $30,000 one. -1 told him that If he
made restitution of the $30,000 or as much of It
as he had that the Department of Justice would
probably deal leniently with him. He did not
answer) me and then I told him that- if he
thought I was trying to trick him into a con
fession I would pledge myself not- to use In
evidence any part of the conversation between
us "We talked for an hour and then Dimmick
said to me: "Do I understand you to say that
if I make . restitution of the $30,000 I am to
*°I*tofd him no; that he would have to plead
eullty and take whatever penalty the courtB
Sight inflict. I told him that he had better
«»nd n. friend or a lawyer to see me, one" who
would rot take what was lett of the $30,000,
and asked him if he had such afrlend. He said
hA had It was understood that' night that he
was to send for a friend.. The next day Dim
mick and myself again talked over the question
of restitution and how it would be possible for
the District Attorney to ask the Department of
Tustlce not to press all the charges. In the event
of Dimmick making -restitution of the stolen
monVv I took Dimmick to District Attorney
Woodworth and the matter ' was talked over.
Woodworth said that he could make.no prom
ises but that he would have to see what the
Attorney ¦ General would do In the matter.
Woodworth told Dimmick that.he would be fair
with him and do what", was possible for him. ; :
,' Accused .Wanted- to ' Compromise. .
Dimmick then asked me to submit what^evi
drnce I had against him, but I said I coum not
do that 1 told him that If he had some per-,
sonal friend who wanted to help him out of his
trouble he had better send that '. friend to me
and I would i show the . friend the evidence we
ha Two days later Chlckering left his card for
me I went to see him and he said that he did
not know why Dimmick had = asked him: to see
me '' I then told Chickering of the conversations
I had had with Dimmick.- Chickerlntr fully un
dcrstood from me that Dimmick had . indicated
his gullt-io me when I had him under arrest.
Chlckering said to me if -Dimmick was guilty
that he would advise him to . make restitution
and ask' the Government tb.be lenient. .but that
if Dimmick was Innocent, he (Chickering) .would
tell. Dimmick to fight the case.. -.That was the.
last I taw of Chlckering. ",. N ,
After I had seen Chlckering Dimmick again
asked me , if he ¦ made restitution of the stolen
money he ' would be ; allowed ? to : gro free, and • I
again told -. him that he •. would . have to plead
guilty and' trust to the leniency. of, the courts.':
District' Attorney Woodworth then com
menced his argument to the jury, and the
court adjourned until • this j morning ! at 1 11
o'clock, when JWoodworth will finish hl3
argument. .The, case will go to the jury
this afternoon. •,; ?->..- •, \:
SACRAMENTO, April' 22. —Several days ago
James: Irwin/r a: grocer In .Washington, ;.Yolo
County; ¦ disappeared.: •- To-day, a' warrant ; was
Issued for . his | arrest, I charging I him I with ' hav
ing left the State to defraud a number of cred
itors. . ¦ '-.".' -..-¦¦'- , - . ;./:
YOUNG CLUB WOMAN OF THIS CITY WHO WILL, GIVE A READING
FROM THE WORKS OF DICKENS AND THACKERAY FRIDAY
NIGHT IN SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
Danish Statesmen Speak
in Favor the •
. Transfer. >- ;
ARGUING SALE
OF THE ISLANDS
Mrs. William Willis and Mrs. Arthur
Whlpple Spear (nee Scott) held a recep
tion yesterday afternoon at 1840 California
street. . ; .. .- ¦¦¦¦•¦
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Stetson : have de
parted for an extended Eastern ' trip.
The Misses Friedlander have gone to
Santa Barbara to gain strength after
their long and dangerous illness. ¦ -•¦ ' -^
Mrs. Boalt has returned to her home
near Clovcrdale, accompanied by Miss
Alice Tevis. ,
Miss Elsie Sperry entertained a few
friends at dinner, last evening. _
Tells of Dlmmick's Confession.
Secret Service Agent Burns was* the
ing daughters, Miss Catherine and Miss
Alice Herrln, leave to-day for Honolulu
and are not expected to return for several
weeks. \ . ,
Locksmith Ryan testified ; that he had
changed the combinations on all the
vaults of the Mint in January, 1898,' and
that no part of the timelock was missing
as claimed by Dimmick. ., -'
The Government then introduced evi
dence in rebuttal. Lewis Brown testified
to selling a dress suit case at a Market
street store early In March or February
of last year, and said that a young man
named Silverstein had delivered it ¦ to a
lodging-house in the 400 block of McAl
lister street.
G. L. Metcalf, doorkeeper at the Mint,
said that in January or February of last
year he saw Dimmick putting on a dress
suit while In his office at the Mint, and
that the defendant had an open dress suit
case on the table. Witness said that
Dimmick had asked him how the suit
fitted. • v
Captain Fitzgerald, vault man at the
Mint, denied that Cashier Cole had on
any occasion snatched a gold bag from a
truck, as testified to by Dimmick.
Mrs. It. J. Perry, a lodging-uouse keep
er at 483 McAllister street, testified that
Dimmick had never roomed at her house
and that a dress suit case had never been
delivered there, as claimed by the prose
cution. ¦ \ .
- On cross-examination Chlckering ex
plained that he had called on Burns at
Dhnmick's request In order to see what
the Government intended to do in the
case and what evidence they had. Witness
was asked as to certain statements made
to him by Burns, but denied that any
such assertions had been made by the
secret service agent.
At the afternoon session W. H. Chick
ering was called by the defense. He said
he had known Dimmick for many years,
and at the request of the defendant the
witness had called on Secret Service
Agent Burns.
Chickering said that Burns had told
him that Dimmick had denied his guilt
and refused to make restitution of money
he had not stolen.. I
Chlckering Contradicts Burns.
Attorney Collins then called Miss Jen
nie Gustafson and Mrs. Fannie W. Dim
mick to testify that Dimmick had never
owned a dress suit case or had brought
one to his home' in the early part of last
year.
A number of witnesses were called by
the defense to testify as to the reputa
tion «f Dimmick for "truth, honesty and
veracity," but in cross-examination the
witnesses said that they had not heard
of any difficulties that the defendant had
been involved in in Portland, Or.
Dimmick admitted that In a conversa
tion with Secret Service Agent Burns and
District Attorney Woodworth the latter
had said that he would do the best, he
could do for him.
"What did that refer to?" asked Schles
inger.
"That referred to the general conver
sation of restitution that Burns was
bringing up all the time," answered-Dim
mick. • •
The defendant was then questioned as
to his having the combination of Cashier
Cole to the gold deposit vault, but Judge
de Haven sustained an objection of. At
torney Collins that the gold deposit vault
and its combinations had nothing to do
with the theft of coin from the cashier's
vault.
Makes Important Admission.
Dimmick, in cross-examination by At
torney Schleslnger, denied that he had
ever admitted his guilt, to Secret Service
Agent Burns, or that he had asked to be
allowed his freedom if he made restitu
tion of the stolen gold.
"I, told Burns," said Dimmick, "that
I could not maKJe restitution of money I
had not taken, and I would not ask my
irlends to do this. I did not ask W. H.
Chlckering to see Burns and find out
what terms the Government would make.
1 only asked Chickering to see Burns in
order to find out what evidence the Gov
ernment had against me."
"Did you ever say to Burns," asked
Attorney Schlesinger, "that If you made
good the sum stolen from the vaults that
you understood you would be given your
liberty?" .- - . . - ¦ ; /
"I did not," answered the defendant.
Then Dimmick told of how he stayed
at the Mint on many occasions after busl
nes - hours, many times remaining until
midnight. The defendant sai$ that many
employes of the Mint had worked at
night .during the early part of last year.
Once again Dimmick denied that there
was any truth in the evidence of the wit
nesses who claimed that they had seen
him at the Mint with a dress-suit case,
or that he had carried one on the ferry
boat and train to his home in Oakland.
The Government has contended that
Dimmick carried away the stolen gold in
a dress-suit case early last year, and has
presented many witnesses to strengthen
this contention.
Dimmick Denies ' Confessing.
To-day a Jury will' decide the fate of
Walter N. Dimmick, whose, trial . In the
United States District Court' on a charge
of stealing $30,000 in gold coin from the
cashier's vault of the Hint has been on
for many days. The introduction. of evi
dence was- concluded yesterday ".and; the
arguments of counsel . commenced. ' ;
' A mild sensation was produced in th§
taking of testimony when the Govern
ment-placed Secret Service Agent Burns
on the witness-stand to detail the prac
tical confession of Dimmick that he had
stolen the $30,000 and was eager to make'
restitution if guaranteed immunity from
punishment.
Attorney Collins, for the defense, made
no objection to the introduction of Burns
evidence. On the contray, he asked that
it be introduced. ....:.. '¦'.'.¦ ¦ •*.
Burns told of two days! continual deal
ings with Dimmick alter his arrest of
the accused man. during which I period
the ex-chief clerk of the Mint con
stantly asked it he would be allowed to
go free If he made good the solen money,
or if his friends came to the front with
the sum. or the bulk of it. ¦ •<
Dimmick maintained his s usual atti
tude of calmness when Burns \gave- the
damaging testimony against him, prob
ably realizing that it was a question "of
the jury believing his denial as against
the accusation of ihe secret service agent.
When the trial was resumed yesterday
morning Dimmick again took the -wit
ness-stand for cross-examination by the
Government's attorneys. ' Dimmick gave
a praclcal illustration to the court and
jury of how he had tied up his private
books with string and paper and carried
them from the Mint^to his home on the
night when Witness Miller says he saw
Dimmick carrying a dress-suit case.
Case of Ex-Clerk of the Mint
to Go to the Jury ~
Secret Service . Agent
Gives Important Tes- \ j
timony. V v
SAYS DIMMICK
ADMITTED GUILT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APEIL 23, 1902.
Charming Young Hostesses Throw Open
Their Home to Scores of Callers— -Several
Dinners Are Given—Other Society Events
MISSES HADENFELDT GIVE
A TEA TO MANY FRIENDS
5
S Genuine Gut Glass Laundry Bags
\\ Peppers and Salts. Bi^cb yV^ s%~-^/L^jl ? m *.^ c Bicy ? e - and Shoe Pockets.
% («^ " Th«e genuine Supplies P f / i)fi//Jf^JJJIff Sa PP lleS Only no of the Lxundry-jfe— =A
*" /-^-^h f*^\ CUt eUsS P . epp< ! rs Ot Cut V MM +~SKjSMMMV+/w/9 / WWJl&^ =m . at Cut Bags— FuU size, pretty U-— g- 1
% flfft\uft\ X?^K and Salts > Wlth sil " Prices. California's largest^^J^^^^^^h -^~*-^ prices. colors, with ; the word
*"' (IP I »)(VS X 'O O elther * fca P?»V orth O- ' : 1 ' ! — ; O Wednesday only . . 27c \ ¦ " M L
I Wll' if^« Telephone Your Orders ¦ "££Stfi2Z£. Hr^
g^ffm^^MM io Private Exchange 601. Ztt^^i \$W
%¦ Grocery -Bargains ¦¦ ••¦ ¦_"«• , . - - , - - , . pain of shoes; oie price W. k»
% for Wednesday. Prompt Deliveries, and as tow prices ant f careful Wednesday ..... 31o "' ' l
servlco^as though you oouIdooniB to tho store J _
$fi or ground, Wednesday, t lb package. ..gg C ? inDerSOn ' - r ¦ n . ¦- -^vnV;% :'.¦:'¦¦¦
*| BakinsPoWder- Our" Emporium Money-Back ° - • - / ¦ ° Tapestry SCjUZTDS,
t siS^nrSa^w^dayV'^^ ' V yTJi^eautiMi ' El:ctrical Bchibition-U Hovre in the Alps-^s//^ 30c, 35c, 40o eash.
J for. V ."•..;¦ .;.'¦- : \ . . . .i.2So for half an how, and show ng all of the atmospheric changes taking Handsome 24-mch Taptstry squares far Cush-
I K "Grape Nuts-^-The brain focd,' \t pkgs. . 25c place.witfivt a CVCle of iwenlV-fOlir hours at One Of the ItlOSt picturesque ion Topi, Seats, Ba:ks and Anns of Chairs
J iinga P or« Pineapple—The choicest, in Wy v fii a n eS ofthe Swis* Alps, is nozi > being ¦ shown 'once evjry hour from ~* h " e °? dru ™ nn J e "* . tmt * i ? a ° d !2
•f svrup. vlb tins, Wednesday . . : ¦ .ZuC • • i-i t • j. j •» • ah *' tr>.n j n choice has bsen divided into three lots for
f Good Salmon-Pink Alaska" 3 tin,. :%5C lO^^-UnUlclOZmi tmsdatly. tn OUT AltrKttM HM, SeCOnd flOOr. Wedn^day «: e and marked, each . ....
* French Teas— Perils Pols, tin. . . 18C NocipigsJorcdmhsiOn. -. <j.i-l \ . ._. 3 UC, 35c and 4 Oc
g : : /<^ : ' ; Off Biz&B^idel Broken Lot Sale \
I T RflGM's 0#©#M^/ % F^rii/sM^s, Etc JjjW
* r*^^M?^\ 'Hundreds of p'eased. customers. The biggest and best O'othmg Barga : ns that the Emporium has yet offered. (S^\»^\
•¦¦¦'"/ \ " -l -Men's $10, ¦'$ 12.50, $1 5. 00. and \$ 16.50 Spring and Summer Suits, the short lots that have accumu'ated V'7^^'
i?,. 1 -J U / I during the busy months since Christmas time, now on sale at less than the cost of matcria's. We hzv-in't tM-\ / \(
¦ tf 1/ VSir^ - your s!ze in every lot, but we surely have in some lot. Choice of hundreds of. excellent j&l 0F% wff^' /v^^ /
/ / \ \ Youths* 56.50 Long Pants Suits, now ; ... . . . $&.65 Men's Handkerchiefs — Bleached cambric, hemstitched or ccrd C_€j / J/>v /
J. / /|] V) Boys'^s.co Vestec Suits, now. . . . . . ... . .$3 4-8 edge. . . . . . . ....... .:...... . 5O
j^ c i ' I -._ Boys'" I4.00 a-Piece Suits, now . . . . . . . . . . $2.68 Men's Fancy Scc'« — New combinations, perfect fitting ." . . 21o (//7/^
; K \ I •n. M f c , C#oi»«»«s <&5> O9 Men's Seamless .Wool Hose — Natural gray, a pairs . . . . 25c /
ijC \ A P rie ", f O /?°! e4 * f c J? .Men's Golf Shirts— Good quality Madnu. or Percale, some plab, /
\$,: \ / . The Ulance of a samp ehne of Spnng and Summer Footwear worth scmc p!a5ted fronts> pL . . . . . ...... . 69O &Jr>**j/
>Jr \ up. to J6.00 per pair, many ttyrt, of which the only bki that we B oys* 0o!f ' Shirts^-Good quality Percale with cuffi to match, BBM^^'
i*f \\ have left are 6> 2 , 7, j}£, V/z, xo and 10 A\*»*£ striped effects and plain tan, a good wearing, comfortable shirt for <5 ?£jfcff \\ \
•'*¦"' I I \ Monday and during yiis sale, your choice for .. . '/& m Mm *m school : - .' " *••'¦' A7o \\ \ *»
;E I / I f s#£j 0/ |Wen*S 1/afS—Smal lots of mmy lines, but your ..,'*,** "*_*'',."*.„* * * * "."****, CcKV&i. \\ \
•Jf • \ / szein some or-eofthem— Stiff Hats and Fedoras: . Men S Neckwear- Fine quality silk, made up in the very best styles, \^fA \ \I
\% \,\ "¦*¦ J3.35 Hats, now. . $2.55 U- 85 Hats, now;, ,. 98O the shapes and patterns strict'y up-to-date, a S oc valu: for .. 25O y®^Q \l^
\tl \ / I J • jPi-35 Hats, now . . : '. $1.87 Boys' Golf Caps ... IGc I Men 9 8 Wool Underwear— Bahace of a line of QtffiW . J&m "
1 *C V 3^! \ Wcrkinjt Shirts— Gcod quality heavy twilled ,cottgn, cut ful!. -4-7C ".'¦ natural wool underwear, good aJl-the-year-round weight, well made \Q?p
J. Men's Night Shirts — Excellent muslin, cut full sirs and well .made and finished, and a very special good value at the sale price, per ©Sr
If . . . . ... • • ••• • • • • '• ¦• • • • • - BOO garment. . ...... ... . . ...... . 69O
i Writing Tablets 7g* Ping Pong Sets; Liquor Bargains A Percale Sale.
5 For Wednesday onlywe offer 1000 good quality A good, popu'ar set, with two doubWace ve'- f Of Wednesday. .» A ve^ un'usual special offerb 5 of Percales^ for
I fi t l=, ,«.«. 1 -,»^, ''^r^JT^-^r^
i t? . .-. 7c $2 a 50 whisky; on Wednesday at the remarkable pieces in navy, garnet and black grounds;
|K e ' * * * . . I _'," \ J " ' 1 ik cut price: per bottle . , v< Q7tS for house dressc, as well as the dainty striprs
|| "~— — — — ! Other Sets from 5OC tO \$ IO.OO HlreVRoit Beer-Wedn^, d«nf faf- «^. \*>L^ -f^'»
|J PictUreS Of ROSeS, Balls for Table Tennis, dozen. . . . . SQo bonated . .... ... . . . . $f ' qq y°«r «clecUon Wednesday only, yard . . Qo
j| Very Pretty, f5c. / q .-•, ' , ', — ." Kentucky Bei.e Whi,ky-A good sour 'mash \ S ates Thursday of beautifuf
i I"""*" 5c Ciuars° 1^^^^^^ \
g new; they make nice pictures to frame; are 10 for 25C. lots, $t. 75i single gallon ..... .400 HairPillSJW^ Other Notions; % WaS h
% bright and handsome; size, 1 a#x 14. inches; On Special Sale all llllS Week; by Hock White Vine - A quality we guarantee WaiStS' Men 'S Furmshin°S m
J^' daintily mbuntidjregu'arly 25c; Wednesday the bOXOf IOD if yOUWtih $2.50. cannot be duplicated under 75c per gallon; Qothwg' N?W Shirt IVat'st etc.
*£ on'y. . . ••• • • '¦'•',.'15O O— — — -— — — O on special sale- Wednesday. . . . . 4-SO ( > '" * * { }
The old Idea was that dandruff Is scales
of skin thrown off through a feverish con-
dition ol'the scalp 13 exploded. Professor
Unnz^ilaxnburg. Germany, European au-
thorty on skin diseases,' says dandruff is
a gernvdlsease. The germ burrows under
the scalp, throwing up little scales of
cuticle and sapping the vitality of the
hair at the root. The only hair prepara-
tion that kills dandruff germs is New-
bro's Herpicide. "Destroy the cause, you
remove. the effect." Not. only cures dan-
druff, but stops falling hair and causes a
luxuriant • growth. Delightful halrdress-
tng.' ¦• ¦¦.-¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ ; — • ¦ • •
Greatest European Authority on Skin
Diseases Says It's a Germ.
"WHAT CAUSES BAUDBTJIT.
ADVEBTTSEaiENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI I
PH1UDELPH1A SHOE CO, I
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. 1
Strikers, I
Attention! I
Motormen and Conductors
Money talks louder than words. E
You are wearing out your shoes D
while unemployed, and to prove R
our sympathy we will allow a 10 j
per cent discount on any shoe in h
cur store bought by motormen, con- ;
ductors or their families during j
this strike. «
Insist on having shoes bearing a
the union stamp and have union [
clerks wait on you.
Union Stamped
Cloth Top Oxfords. I
Spring weather and natty, easy ||
fitting oxfords seem to go hand In B
hand. Each seem$ a necessity, and II
realizing that fact we will this U
week make a special offer. Ladles' H
vici kid oxford ties, with | black [1
cloth tops, circular vamps and fj
fancy, heel foxing, coin toes and H
patent leather tips, ¦ turned soles, E
medium heels and union stamped, i
The price, 51.35. Sizes 2% to 9; U
widths A to EE. V
Country Orders Solicited. b
B. KATSCHINSK!,
i PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
IO THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home
4 \ ; for Ail.
" How any man. may quickly cure himself after
years . of ¦ Rufterlng t from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, .varlcocele,. etc., and en-
lariro Bmall; weak organs to full size and vigor
Simply send your name and address to - Dr'~
Knopp Medical Co.. 1373 Hull building, Detroit"
Mich... and. they will gladly send the free rel
ccipt , with full: directions so any man <¦. may
easily cure himself at home. This Is certainly
a most generous I offer, -and the following ex-
tracts taken from' their dally mall, show what
men think of their generosity: -,,-.- ¦
, ' "Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere ihank«
• for youra of recent date. - • I have ¦ given your
treatment- a ' thorough test and : the benefit has
been ; extraordinary. - It has completely braced
me 1 up. v I.^ra : Just. as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize- how happy I am."
"Dear Sirs: ¦ Your .: method 'Worked -beauti-
fully. Results were exactly. whRt -I needed"
and s vigor have completely - returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory." - ,
. '"Dear : Sirs : Tours was received .and ' I had
no trouble In. making ueo of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfullyisay it;ls a boon to
weak men. "-I -am greatly , improved ' in size,
strength, and vigor." ,- . •....-. .¦
-..All correspondence • is strictly confidential
: mailed in - plain. - sealed : envelope. ¦. The receipt
•s free for the" asking and they want every man
to have It. . ¦> ¦'¦--'. . , - ' " , .
THE EMPOEIITM.
THE EMPORIITM.
THE I EMPOBnnH. B
THE EMgORIXTM.
J^}&i*&%^ tlxe electric fitted catches of the
."J 5hoot Eastward through, the ni^\t ••• like z*. Meteor ii\ .
v speed thia luxurious tradn maK.cs Uic journey from
Sm\ Francisco taChicivgo n\ three d^ys. J0i
NEW ADVEBTISITWENTS.WEDNESDAY APRIL 23, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Addreti All Commnnie»tioni to W. 8. LEAKS, U**%gtr^^^
PCBLICATIOX, OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F\
. EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAIX. The Operator Will Connect
You With tlic Department You Wish.
Delirered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Slngrle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including? Postages
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (lnclu'ling Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prampt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1 1 18 Broadway
C. GEORGES KROGXESS.
Xuager Foreign Advertising. Kirqcette Bonding Chicago.
-: .- (Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX. . . Herald Square
INTERNATIONAL LINE.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY. .'
UNITED STATES ABUT TRANS POBT SERVICE.
COLLIERS.
STEAM SCHOONEBS.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
AMERICAN HAWAIIAN STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
BOSTON ' STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
TOYO KISEN KAISHAi
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY.
KOSMOS LINE.
- Within- the last five years the consump
tion - of > absinthe • has doubled ¦ In Paris.
The amount now drunk In a year Is 8,000,
000 bottles. • .
SOCIALISMr-S. J. H.. Eccles, Cal. So
cialism Is any theory or system "of social
organization which, would abolish en
tirely or in greater part the Individual
effort . and competition . on which modern
society rests, and substitute for it co
operative action, which would introduce
a more perfect ; and ; equal division or
distribution-; of the products of labor and
would make land ar.d capital, the instru
ments and means of production, the Joint
possession . of the members of the com
munity. The name socialism is used to
include a great ; variety ; of : theories and
reforms which have more or less , of ' the
character described. ; . > . / ¦•
FROM DOOR TO DOOR— G. H., City.
If a person goes from door to door to sell
small articles and sell3 where offered,
that Is peddling ; and requires a license.
A person who goes from door to door to
offer to sell goods for a firm, the same to
be delivered in the future,- is not peddling
and does not require a license. Those who
go from house to house and sell or offer
to sell religious publications, newspapers,
periodicals, water or matches, are deemed
peddlers In this city.;under,the ordinance.
The Ottawa Government has- seerTfit to reform- the
error o'f its ways and open , to • entry the vast ¦claims
which had been reserved for a few favored miners.
This ought tov increase the death frate in the.frozen
north and give:the'-rest' of :us some "harrowing"; stories
of^ the dread search Jor gold. 1 "^V V- ' '"
The, proposition; to establish _a; general staff to pre
vent friction between ¦the>War/pepartment and the
commandin g general of 'the army; Us ; ingenious; but
what is^toprevenf friction betweert-the staff- and the
department on the : one "side : 'and^ tiie, general on the
other?' .•¦'*. '/- : '\V ''•'"• \* .[¦) ¦'-'¦ . Tv. : . ' ;¦:¦,-•¦
Frequent, reports have been made of late that the
Democrats' in Congress are exercising every effort
to harass the administration in its efforts to procure
legislation. This, seems to be on a par with the at
tack of a gnat upon an elephant.,;"
An Oakland' scoundrel who beat his wife pleaded
in extenuation that he was <irunk when he , com
mitted his offense. This ajjpears to be the first. case
where the use of the water cure would be justifiable.
In the" trial of Walter N. Dimmick it appears that
everybody in authority was expected to watch every
body else. That ' interesting fact may have something
to-do with the. disappearance of. the cash for which
; Uncle Sam is so earnestly seeking.'
The United States Senate ; in. the infinitude of its
wisdom has undertaken • to . abolish ) slavery . in the
Philippine Islands.; Independent- of. ;the', manifest in
justice which; bur: island .; fellow 1 citizens will see in
this effort, it would be interesting to, know how the
Senate-intends to accomplish its object.
MANILA— J. H. S.. City. For \ a long
time the name of the capital city of the
Philippine Islands was written - Manilla,
and the hemp that was grown on the Isl
and of Luzon was named for the city to
designate it from other hemp, and it was
also written Manilla, but for some unex
plained reason one of the *Ts" was
dropped in the writing of the name of the
city, but the spelling of the name of the
hemp has been retained.
A writer, who lived for more than
twenty years in China, has completed a
translation of the accepted authority on
Chinese etiquette written by Lady Tsad
of the Han Dynastry nearly eighteen cen
turies ago. It contains the following, in
structions as to the. correct behavior of
a wife toward her husband's mother: -
When your j motber-ln-law sits you should re
spectfully stand.
Obey. quickly her commands.
In the : mornlnar early rise
And quickly 'open the doors. . ,
Making no noise to awaken her; . , ;.
Her toilet articles hasten to prepare;
Her washbowl : and towel.
If er toothbrush and powder, . , ., • •
All brine together. - •- . .. • . .
Let. not the. water be too cold. or too hot .
¦When the mother-in-law, awakens,
AH. these things respectfully present to her;
Then I immediately retire to one elda
Until her toilet 'i» completed. ' '¦•
Then approach and present the morning «alu
¦ '•" tations;' " ' . / .',.
Again retire and ; prepare her tea, | >
After which the breakfast table arrange.'
Place the spoons .'and chopsticks straight.
The : rice ' cooked soft and - '.
L,et the meat -be 'thoroughly done.-' ••
From ancient days until now .. '.- .¦:,•»;./.
Old people have had sick teeth; -
Therefore, let not the food be dry
That your mother-in-law
Wfth labor vainly, eats.
Dally the three meals ;
Thus . carefully , prepare.-
When' darkness cornea .'¦¦¦'-¦- '-,
And " your j «xeat one ; ;' (mother-in-law) desires
.;/. ; to steep, .:-; -.i'';'.. V : ' ~'./'. > •' ¦¦¦¦'-.¦¦'
Carefully : for " her spread the . bed, 6
When she may peacefully rest, V
And you may retire to. your room.
Following, these Instructions, ¦¦ ¦ ¦
All your superiors will praise you;
All that know you will esteem you as good.
Moth.er-in-I»aw in. China.
CITY HALL LOTS— S. t City. The sale
of the city hall lots In San Francisco, at
the time that Yerba Buena Park was
dedicated ¦ as a site for the present City
Hall, took place in Platt's Hall, which
stood on the site now occupied by the
Mills building, on the 23th day of August,
1871. There were ninety-nine lots, and
these realized $853,900.
COLUMBIAN STAMPS— A Subscriber,
City.. As you do not describe the Colum
bian stamps, it is impossible to Inform
you if those you have are of any value.
You can submit them to some local phila
telist, whose address you can find in the
classified part of the city, directory, and
he will advise you as to the value of such
stamps, if they have any. . . >..);/.
COUSINS— H. R, A., City. Marriage
between first cousins is permitted in all
parts of the Union except in Arizona. Ar
kansas, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Louisi
ana, Missouri. Montana, Nevada, New
Hampshire, . North Dakota, Ohio. Okla
homa, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Da
kota, Washington and Wyoming.
THE NATIONAL DEBT— Subscriber,
Holllster, Cal. The debt of ths United
States in the aggregate was; on the 1st
of November, 1901, 12,151,585,743 89. At that
time the cash in the Treasury aggregat
ed 11,213,048,325 48, exclusive of a cash bal
ance and exclusive of the reserve and
trust funds of $175.655,697 01. -V;; . - yt
TWENTY CENTS— Subscriber, Hollls
ter, Cal. Twenty-cent pieces of 1873 and
1875 are not classed as premium coins.
FINLAY— W. F., City. The word "Fin
lay" does not appear in the Gaelic dic
tionary. • '
E. H. Harriman, president of the South
ern Pacific, accompanied by his wife and
daughters and a party of friends, arrived
hero yesterday afternoon and registered
at the Palace. . '
W. N.Ebel,, a bookkeeper for a whole
sale house in Sacramento, is at the
Grand, accompanied by his/ wife. They
are spending their honeymoon in this city.
Archbishop Rlordan.and the Rev. Father
E. P. Dempsey, who left for the East
about two weeks ago, are at present in
Washington, D. C. . .
E \\r. Runyon, one of the Commission
ers from California to the Paris Exposi
tion, is at the Palace.
Mrs Frank O. Ferris of Coronado, wife
of Captain Ferris. TJ. S. A.. Is visiting
Mrs. Charles E. Bancroft in this city. J
j. W. Knox of Merced is at the Palace.
C. J. Culp of Pacific Grove is at the
Grand. -
.Frank Reese of Los Angeles is at the
Occidental. ' •.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, is at
the Palace. -
Dan, Clark, a mining man of Spokane,
is at the Lick.' ; . . : -
Frank D. NIcol, an attorney of Stock
ton, Is at tho Lick.
Frank H. Buck, one of the largest fruit
growers in the State, is at the Palace.
I N Van Nuys, proprietor of the Hotel
Van Nuys. at Los Angeles, is at the Pal
ace, accompanied by his wife.
"Henry, how is the plot of that sea
novel running?"
"Well, Just at this chapter there Is a
terrible storm, and the passengers ara
afraid the boat will go to the top." .
mean the bottom."
"No; this is a submarine boat,**—Phila
delphia Record.
"Speaking of strained relations,** began
Mr. Dinwlddie.
"Well, go on," said Mr. Van Braam, en*
couragingly.
"It doesn't clarify relations much to
strain them." — Plttsburg Chronicle-Tele
graph.
"What Is your reason for wanting z
divorce?" asked the Judge, to whom the
causes alleged in the application did not
seem sufficient.
""Well, your Honor," said the fair ap
plicant. "I'll tell you the real reason.
When I married him I didn't stop to think
how queer Mrs. Hurtraln was going to
¦ound."— Chicago Tribune.
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Towosend*!.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsead'au*
Townsend*s California glace fruit, 60o a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
f&\\ \ n . Ico » pi £ s ? nt Hi Extern friends.
€39 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
¦business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Four showmen in different parts of
Pennsylvania • are exhibiting "the identi
cal horse and sleigh used by the Biddies'*
in their famous escape.
On* bottle of Burnett's Vanilla Extract Is
better than three of doubtful kind. Though cost-
Ins s, few cents mora per bottle. Its purity and
great strength make It most economical brand.
¦ • • •
_l'Prince Henry Is goto, to feed hla Amer
ican callers from gold plates."
t " That's nothing. Papa eats off a gold
plate at every meal." ..;." i 
"Your father!"
"Yes— it's attached to hla teeth."—
Cleveland Plalndealer.
PERSONAL MENTION.
TO QUERIES.
The following Inland steamers have been added: Tamalpals. San
Pablo. Elaine, Newtown. Valletta. General Friable. Onlsbo, Richmond.
Union." St. Helena, J. R. McDonald, Alitak. Chignlk, Dorothy. Islam
and others, ranging from 50 to 1750 tons.. .
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
In addition are the Brooklyn, Olympic, Prentiss. Santa Monica,
W H. Kruger. Argo, Guallala. Iaqua, South Bay. G. C. Lindauer.
King Fisher, Defiance, Nahualate, Columbia, Sea Prince, George F.
Haller, Shelikoff, Redwood City, Chehalls, ranging from 200 to 1100
tons. i."-7 ¦.'••'¦' : \ :/¦:,;!-
ADDITIONAL VESSELS.
\ With full approval of that expression of the sen
timents of the President, the people will expect the
trial of General Smith to be free from any sort' of
concealment or secrecy. ,It has been suggested that
since Waller excused himself by shifting the blame
upon his superior officer, so Smith may plead in his
defense the orders of a still higher authority. If
that should be so, the public ought to know it. In
a matter of this -kind there would be a deep dissatis
faction if it; were even? so much as suspected with
good cause that one officer had been sacrificed as a
scapegoat for his superiors. -
, Fortunately there is no longer any occasion for
suspicion that the whole truth will not be made
known. In his recent order directing an investiga
tion of the charges Secretary Root said: \ "The
President desires to know in the fullest and most
circumstantial manner all the facts, hotrling. being
concealed, and no man being for any reason favored
or shielded. For the very reason that the- President
intends to backup the army, jn the heartiest fashion
in every lawful and legitimate method of doing its
work, he also intends -to see that the most rigorous
care is exercised to detect and prevent any cruelty
or brutality, and that men who are guilty thereof are
punished. '. . Great as the provocation has been in
dealing with foes who habitually resort to treachery,
murder and torture against our men, nothing .can
justify, or will ,be held to justify, the use of- tor
ture or inhuman conduct of any kind on the part of
the American arrriy." ...'../
The desire on the part of the public for a full and
fair investigation is the more insistent because there
is every appearance that an effort has been made at
the War Department to conceal the ugly facts and
keep the country in " ignorance of what has been
going on in the islands. . .
WHATEVER differerijpeVv "of. 1 opinion ' may
exist as to the manner in which'four 'mili
tary operations in the- Philippines have
been or should be carried on, there can be but one
sentiment with respect to the charges of cruelty that
have been made. against the army. /;It is therefore
gratifying that the acquittal of Major, Waller has
been promptly, followed by an order 5 for the court
martial of General Smith, under whose orders Wal
ler claims to have acted in committing the offenses
for which he was fried.
After all that exultation of how "we forced" the
enemy and how "we won," and how- the enemy
"gnashed his teeth," is it not strange that the j com
missioner should be inquiring doubtfully into what
happened during "the last few hours of the fight"?
Before the Platt substitute was put upon its passage
It had been amended out of all semblance to its orig
inal, and the amendments covered the principal propo
sitions for which the exclusjonists have been battling
here against tremendous odds. • • ? When the crafty
schemers were exposed in their trickery they conceded
a line or two of addition to their, bill, making it a little
less disgraceful. . Under ceaseless flre and the threat
that hung in the honesty of the Democratic Senators
and a handful of Republican colleagues the plotters
against our exclusion policy conceded a little more and*
yet a little more and ,yet a little more. Every conces
sion was accompanied : by' gnashing of teeth and was
followed by frantic , conspiracy to foil the. good Inten
tions of the friends of the American wage earner.
On the same day and on the same page of the
Examiner was published a letter from the,commis
sioner in which he said:
The new law will not . expire in two years, but will
continue until a new treaty'* has been negotiated and
ratified. We forced the modification of the original
proposition, for originally the bill terminated with the
present treaty instead of running . until a new treaty
has been given us.
Our fifth proposition wa^ that the new law should
give the Treasury Department clear cut power to frame
all kinds of regulations free of pending leglslationr\We
were fought on that, but we won.
Our fourth proposition was /that, the Philippine Chi
nese should be carefully registered. We were opposed
on that and this afternoon we won. j
Our third proposition was that the Philippine Chinese
should be kept out of Hawaii and the mainland. We
were fought on that up to the last moment.' but we won.
. Our next proposition was that the exclusion policy
should be extended to the Philippines, so- that the China
men should be kept there. We were fought bitterly on
that. We have woa that point.
• WASHINGTON. April 16.— We came here asking
that the- present laws be continued. Our. enemies tried
to prevent a realization of this by an amendment carry-
Ing forward only a part of the present law. Yesterday
we forced them to 'concede our point and carry forwaro.
the whole Scott act. That was victory No. 1.
When the Senate passed the exclusion bill the
commissioner telegraphed to the Examiner and the
Examiner displayed in screaming type these ulula
tions of triumph:
It may be that .the statement is not • strictly ac
curate. The . commissioner may have been mis
quoted, or it may even be that he is not quoted at
all, for the yellow journal does not hesitate to fake
interviews with commissioners any more than with
the Pope or the Emperor of China. Taking it as it
stands, however, it puts the commissioner in a queer
position and raises a question as to his possession of
sense enough to take care of himself when away
from home. • ,
x zESTERDAY, the Examiner published- in - a
y dispatch from Washington' the', statement:
-¦¦ "The more we study the Platt Chinese billj
said Commissioner Livernash, and the more we
inquire into the circumstances surrounding the last
few hours of the fight in the Senate, the more rea
son there 'is for believing that the anti-exclusionists
deliberately resorted to trickery and that the bill
they put through the Senate is shamefully inadequate
and is intended to kill the exclusion system of this
country."
GETTING AT; THE TRUTH.
A PERPLEXED COMMISSIONER.
If, however, the stage be filled by neither farce
nor tragedy, if events flow smoothly and patiently
to the end of his term and he depart in peace to his
home in Central Valley, New York, the Cuban people
will have written themselves down worthy of their
freedom and capable of supporting the institutions
necessary for its protection.
Now the extreme danger, is that Palma goes there
to ooze the Americanism he has been absorbing for
twenty-five years, and therefore to seem the puppet
of the new master rather than a whole-hearted Cu
ban patriot. In that view the incident is a tragedy.
The immediate future of Cuba is going to be most
interesting to students of civics. Is this fantastic
election of a man practically an alien to be a farce or
a tragedy? It is impossible for him, so long absent,
so long in a different environment, to be en rapport
with the genius of tne Cuban people. It is equally
impossible for them to be at one with the mental
polarization he has acquired in a quarter century's
residence in this country. It is testified by recent
American travelers in Cuba that everywhere Amer
icans are unpopular. This aversion to us increases
2s the regions are penetrated where the revo
lution flourished. Given anywhere a center of
Cuban patriotism and the testimony is that there is
now a center of hatred of Americans. They seem to
have detected in us the airs of a new master.
Out of the nebulous mass of information and lack
of it about General Palma it seems safe to conclude
that he is a native of Honduras, went to Cuba for
awhile when a young man, and a quarter of a cen
tury ago came to the United States, where he estab
lished a school for the teaching of languages. His
interest in Cuba is purely academic, and it is pos
sible that he is a citizen of the United States, where
he claims his home. He not only has not been in
Cuba for twenty-five years, but announces in ad
vance that he will not stay there when he ceases to
hold office, but will return to his home in Central
Valley to end his days!
His election has no more relation to Cuban asr
pirations, no more connection with the agony and
martyrdom of 'the revolutionists, than the election
of Dr. O'Donnell to the Cuban Presidency. In
deed, General Wood might just as well have secured
the election of Richard Croker, or any other
hyphenated American politician out of a job, and
willing to take a four years' billet in Cuba, then to
come back home. Suppose that after the close' of
our Revolution, when we came to elect a President,
in 1789 we had elected a man born in England who
had come here during the war of 1762 but had gone
to France to teach languages in 1764 and had not
been here after that date, and who declared that
after his term he would return to his home in
France! Does any one believe that our institutions
would have survived such trifling with their organ
ization? The essence of our situation was that the
men who made and won the Revolution were
selected to crystallize its results into a government
under which they intepded to live. They did not so
*corn the country as to endure it only while in of
fice. They made its' flag their standard, its laws
their shelter, its soil their sepulcher.
It is a political situation abnormal enough to be
amusing. President Estrada Palma is not personally
known to a hundred people in Cuba. The voters
had other views than his election, but they seem to
have had the idea that General Wood, military Gov
ernor of Cuba and political economist in extraor
dinary for the United States, had decreed the elec
tion of Palma, and resistance was useless. -
t-^ RESIDENT-ELECT ESTRADA PALM A
I—^ has sailed to Cuba to take his office and. put
•*¦ the dependent republic on its feet He has
iivcd in New York, in Central Valley, for twenty
live 3'cars, and during all that time has not been in
Cuba at all. He goes, therefore, to a country that
he has not seen since 1877, in whose struggle for in
dependence he took no part that exposed him to
danger or interfered in any way with his fortunes
or his comfort He goes saying that he wants only
cne term in the Presidency and then will return to
his home in Central Valley, New York, to end his
days!
FAROE OR TRAGEDY.
THAT, San Francisco is destined at no distant day to become one of the largest shipping ports in the world is
evidenced by the remarkable increase of shipping facilities and. tonnage within the past three years. The.fig
ures are so large as to provoke incredulity, but they cannot be controverted, j Ten years, ago San Francisco had
', but three regular^ foreign-going steamship lines, namely, the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, operating
fifteen 'steamers, ranging from 2000 to 5000 tons, plying between San Francisco, China, Japan ana Central American
ports; the Occidental and Oriental Steamship Company, operating three 5000-ton steamships between China and
Japjm, and- the'Oceanic Steamship Company, operating five 3000-ton steamships between San Francisco, . Honolulu
and Australia. The coasting lines were the Pacific Coast Steamship Company, operating sixteen steamers,, ranging
from 350 to 3300 tons; the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company, with two steamers of 2300 and 2800 tons, re
spectively; the ;; Alaska Commercial Company, with four steamers, from 350 to 1000 tons, and various other owners,
operating about forty steamers on the coast ranging from 300 to 600 tons. They, together with fifteen cannery
tenders' and ten whalers, completed the ocean fleet. In 1872 the total tonnage of ocean-going steamers at this port
Avas 58,769 tons. The greatest progress has been noted within the last three years, within which short period there
have been added many new lines and vessels of large tonnage, together with important additions to the regular lines
in the shape of modern. steamships. The total added tonnage for the past three years is 368,000 tons. Several of the
/new '"vessels' hereafter mentioned are not yet in commission, bujt.all will be before the close of the present year. The
following list of. additions made within the past three years. shows also a marked improvement in size, power, pas
senger and ; freight capacity arid speed. The following is the list of added vessels with dimensions and tonnage,
% and it will be :; found invaluable for reference. It makes a showing unparalleled in the shipping history of the world:
Many New Lines and Vessels of: Large Tonnage Added
During Past Three Years.
That is the record . of William R. Hearst as an employer of labor in California. . It is
difficult to decide whether he is the more "yellow" as a newspaper proprietor, or as an or
chardist. It is evident, however, that he gives to white labor nothing more than words,
but he supplies Chinese with work and wages. .
The people of the county have no hesitation in declaring, their dislike of the "China
town" which Hearst has established- on his estate. One of the pastors. of; Palermo cays:
"It is a crime when so many of our own people are able and willing to work that they
are nevertheless superseded by Chinese, an element that is a menace to the people of our
own blood." . One cf the leading orchardists of the county says: "Hearst, could gei all
the girls he would need to pack his fruit crops. Chinamen get the work at his grove,
to the exclusion of white labor. I have known whole families to come in .wagons and
wait and wait and wait in the hope of employment, but their waiting' has been in vain."
Hearst's fondness for Chinese is accompanied, according to all reports, by an equal
fondness for their filth and foulness. : They are housed in what is described as "an old
shack," and from thirty to fifty of them, according to the demand for labor at the time,
are crowded together without regard for cleanliness or dqcency. One resident of the
vicinity says "they live like pigs." . . , '' .", .. _ : .. •
The story of Hearst's employment of coolie labor! on his estate- near Palermo, in
Butte County, was told in full in The Call of yesterday.- It is a story that affords a
complete explanation of why Hearst is making the^ exclusion fight j as infamous and dis
graceful as he can. For the past two years Hearst has employed Chinese to do 'every,
kind of work on his vast estate, an.i he has done so despite the fact that there is an ample
supply of white labor in the vicinity. It is to be noted/. moreover, 1 that when the, Hearst
orchards were let to others the pickirfg and the packing of the fruit were done by white
labor. It was not until Hearst resumed his direct control and management of them that
white men had to go and Chinamen found a patron. . \l;-
The public has not been able to understand why a man who professes to be so eager
to bring about the passage of an exclusion bill should be so offensive iii his method of
advocating it. Hearst, however, has been quite consistent in his course. '. He has ho de
sire for the success of the bill. He has no objection to Chinese -labor in .California. On
the contrary, he is himself an employer of Chinese, and has excluded white labor in or
der to make way for it. .... , : -v ... ¦ - -:;¦•*' \ p: \ - J "':
Not content with such efforts to discredit the bill by so offensive an ¦ advocacy; of Jt,
Hearst has gone further; he has assailed with ceaseless, vituperation - every one who has
objected to the details of the particular bill Hearst has chosen to support: He has thus
not only ignored what the Congressmen of the Pacific Coast arid elsewhere^have^ done to
advance the passage of the exclusion act, but he has lampooned and maligned by word
and by picture all whose qpinions differ from those which" his papers are clamoring for. .
In carrying but tho se tactics he has spared no taunt nor insult in any quarter. De
spite the fact that early in the session a large majority of the members of both houses. of
Congress explicitly and emphatically declared themselves in favor of enacting an exclu
sion law before May I, Hearst's organs have incessantly boasted that they would "force"
Congress to pass the bill/ they would ''lash" Congressmen into voting for exclusion.
They have depicted Congress as an "enemy of American labor" with whom Hearst *is
doing battle, and every step taken toward exclusion has been trumpeted by the Hearst
organs as a Hearst victory. . ¦ ) : , I ".-. ¦ ' i - '.•,'.¦ •.; ¦¦<¦. *. : .
•movement, has sent "commissioners". to Washington, has been impudent, in
solent and offensive, and, in short, has done about everything his ingenuity can devise to
disgust the public with the measure by reason of their disgust for him.;
WILLIAM R. HEARST lias for a long time past been doi.ng.all lie can- through
his yellow newspapers to defeat the Chinese exclusion bill ;by;' pretending to
advocate it He has pushed .himself forward as the leader in the exclusion
HEARST'S OOOLIE : LABQE.
REMARKABLE IS THE GROWTH OF
THE SHIPPING OF THIS PORT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAlll,, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23, 1902.
6
f
I Length.
Feet.
Breadth! Depth.
Feet. Feet.
NAME.
Tornai
Sierra, American'
Sonoma, American ' '.
Ventura, \ American . .
400
400
400
60 '
60
50
26
20
26
6,000
6,000
6,000
NAME.
]
Length.
Feet.
Jreadth Depth.
Feet. Feet.
Toinagi
CoreaT /American ' '¦. I
Iberia, American |
672
672
I
63
63
40
40
[ 11.500
I 11,600
I Length.
Feet.
Breadth I Depth. I
Feet. Feet. Tonnap
NAME.
Uaskan, American r .V. ...... . .'. . . •
Cexan, American ¦
irizonian, American .
American, American
?allfornian, American '
)regonian, American
ia wallan, American -
-."ebraakan, American
>< e vadan, American
488
4 S3
488
435
435
435
435
371 "
371
57
67
67 .
51
51 .
51
61
40
46 '
35
35
85
33.6
' 33.8
33.6
S3. 6
34
34
8.T00
8.700
8.700
6,000
6.000
6,000
6,000
5,300
6,300
I Length. I Breadth I Depth.
Feet. Feet. Feet. - Tonnagi
NAME.
Shawmut, American
Tremont, American '
Lyra, American '
Pleiades, American
Hyade3, American
005
505
331
340
340
58
58
47.5
47
47
40
40
25
28
28
11.200
11,200
4,417
3.763
3.753
I Length. I Breadth I Depth: I
Feet. Feet. I Feet. Tonnage
NAME.
America Maru, Japanese. . .-.
Hongkong Maru, ' Japanese
Toklo Maru, Japanese.......;"....
423
423
423
SI
SI .
61
¦I
29.5
29.5
29.5
6,000
5,000
5.1)00
Length. Breadth I Depth.
Feet. Feet. I Feet. Tonnage
NAME.
Guatemala.' British
Palena, British ....;...:....,....
Colombia, British . ... »..;...
rucapel, British '.......
Arcqulpa, British
Ltmari. British ............ :.. r - .
Pei u, ¦ British '••
Chile. British ......>..:.
Santiago. British ..: •••
Panama, British
Mexico. British ..::. . : y". • • v ......
Victoria, British ... . .V. . . ... ••?•,••
California, British .;. . : . ."". •' ..' .";*....
359.3
350
350.5
380
350
351
350
350
350
418
418
418
418
43.3
42.1
43.2
44.2
45.2
42.1
43.1
43.1
45.2
52
62 '
62
52
i
19.1
10.5
10.5
10.7
19.0
10.5
10.4
10.4
22.5
36.0
36.9 :
36.0
36.0
3.227
2.553
3,335
2,700
2,«r3
2.696
•3,225
2.053
3 6.000
6.000
6.000 •
6.000
I Length.
' Fe'St.
Breadth I Depth. I
Feet. Feet. I Tonnagi
NAME.
Sescstros, German .......... •
Octavia, German V. ;..;.....
Luxor, German ..'... % . • • • • '••
Hermonthis, German .:.......;.••
Serepis, German • • • • • •
ranis, German .*. \ i "'.' •••*••
Neko, German •
Hathor. German :...:.•¦••
Pentaur., German
Abydos. German
Mlcantia, German
382
378
340.3
SS2
321
331.4
S45
340.5
323
323
340.3
48
48 .
44.3
48.3
40.2
41.0
43.7
44.3
40.2
40.2
44
28.4
26.4
25.2'
26.2
23.4
23.5
25.8
25
24.4
24.4
29.3
4.Tr*
4,718
S.B4S
4,782
2.M6
2.S70
3,d48
3,047
8,">47
3,»I7
3.640
Length. I
Feet.
I Breadth I D«pth.
Feet. Feet.
Tonna?s
NAME.
Ohio, American
Indiana, American
Pennsylvania, American
oOnemaugh, American
343
343
343
300
43
43
43
37.1
24.9
24.9
24.9
24.4
3.489
3.305
3.343
2.32a
) Length. I Breadth I Depth. I
• ' Feet. I Feet. Feet. [ Tonnas*
NAME.
Senator, American
ipokane, American
tamona, American
280
284
210
88.1
83
82
19.8
13
11
2.409
2.038
1.500
I Length. I Breadth I Depth.
I Feet. Feet. I Feet.
Toaaac*
NAME.
Orant, American
Sherman, American ..............
Sheridan, American ..............
Logan, American ................
Thomas, American ...............
Buford, American ................
tdlpatrick, American
(Trook, American .................
Meade, American ................
Warren, American'
Hancock, American ....w..
Egbert, American ................
Stunner, American ...............
Rosecrana, American .............
Lawton, American ...............
Dix, American
Slocum, American
445 .
445
445
445
445
370.8
370.8
420
483.6
370.T
450.2
320
351
326
836
445
143.4
49.2
49.2
49.2
49.2
C0.2
44.2
44.2
47
44.2
44.3
45.4
40
.43 '
88
43.2
62.1
29.3
30
'80
SO
30
29.8
28.6
26.6
26.5
34.9
26.5
85.7
20.2
26
21
22.3
23.8
18
5,658
6.780
6.073
6.672
6,713
3,732
3.732
4.12S
6.641
4.243
6.305
2.003
8.4SS
2,078
3.497
6.639
681
I Length. I Breadth I Depth. I
Feet. Feet. Feet. I Tonna
NAME.
Inter prise, American ............
.rgyll, American
leteor, American
tilth. American -
.sunclon, American
S18.8
320
253.6
276.4
242
87.4
40.7
43.2
37.3
42
26.6
24.5
24.2
27.4
26.5
2.675
2.933
2.S0I
2,369
2.1U6
I Length.
I Feet.
I Breadth 1 Depth. I
I Feet. I Feet. Tonna,
NAME.
1
Acme. American
Arctic, American
Aberdeen, American •
Chilcat. American
Coronado, - American
Despatch, American
Eureka. American
John S. Klmball, American
Kvichak, American
Luella, American ....:
Mandalay, American
Robert Dollar. American
Rainier, American
?anta Ana, American
b^n Pedro, American
177.5
145
160
115
166
175
142.5
223
20O.2
137.2
142.4
199
204.9
182.4
163.1
37.2
32
.34.2
24
30.2
36
2S
33
35.5
32.5
"33.6
3S.1
38
36.2
34
15.2
11
11.8
10.5
12.5
14
12
24.1
18
10.0
12
13
13.6
23.8
11.7
294
602
"409
172
57*
498
484
1.58S
1.W3
412
438
793
S00
1,250
456
Length. I
Feet.
I Breadth I D«pth.
Feet. Feet.
Tonna?s
NAME.
Ohio, American
Indiana, American
Pennsylvania, American
oOnemaugh, American
343
343
343
300
43
43
43
37.1
24.9
24.9
24.9
24.4
3.489
3.305
3.343
2.32a
) Length. I Breadth I Depth. I
• ' Feet. I Feet. Feet. [ Tonnas*
NAME.
Senator, American
ipokane, American
tamona, American
280
284
210
88.1
83
82
19.8
13
11
2.409
2.038
1.500
I Length. I Breadth I Depth.
I Feet. Feet. I Feet.
Toaaac*
NAME.
Orant, American
Sherman, American ..............
Sheridan, American ..............
Logan, American ................
Thomas, American ...............
Buford, American ................
tdlpatrick, American
(Trook, American .................
Meade, American ................
Warren, American'
Hancock, American ....w..
Egbert, American ................
Stunner, American ...............
Rosecrana, American .............
Lawton, American ...............
Dix, American
Slocum, American
445 .
445
445
445
445
370.8
370.8
420
483.6
370.T
450.2
320
351
326
836
445
143.4
49.2
49.2
49.2
49.2
C0.2
44.2
44.2
47
44.2
44.3
45.4
40
.43 '
88
43.2
62.1
29.3
30
'80
SO
30
29.8
28.6
26.6
26.5
34.9
26.5
85.7
20.2
26
21
22.3
23.8
18
5,658
6.780
6.073
6.672
6,713
3,732
3.732
4.12S
6.641
4.243
6.305
2.003
8.4SS
2,078
3.497
6.639
681
I Length. I Breadth I Depth. I
Feet. Feet. Feet. I Tonna
NAME.
Inter prise, American ............
.rgyll, American
leteor, American
tilth. American -
.sunclon, American
S18.8
320
253.6
276.4
242
87.4
40.7
43.2
37.3
42
26.6
24.5
24.2
27.4
26.5
2.675
2.933
2.S0I
2,369
2.1U6
I Length.
I Feet.
I Breadth 1 Depth. I
I Feet. I Feet. Tonna,
NAME.
1
Acme. American
Arctic, American
Aberdeen, American •
Chilcat. American
Coronado, - American
Despatch, American
Eureka. American
John S. Klmball, American
Kvichak, American
Luella, American ....:
Mandalay, American
Robert Dollar. American
Rainier, American
?anta Ana, American
b^n Pedro, American
177.5
145
160
115
166
175
142.5
223
20O.2
137.2
142.4
199
204.9
182.4
163.1
37.2
32
.34.2
24
30.2
36
2S
33
35.5
32.5
"33.6
3S.1
38
36.2
34
15.2
11
11.8
10.5
12.5
14
12
24.1
18
10.0
12
13
13.6
23.8
11.7
294
602
"409
172
57*
498
484
1.58S
1.W3
412
438
793
S00
1,250
456
f
I Length.
Feet.
Breadth! Depth.
Feet. Feet.
NAME.
Tornai
Sierra, American'
Sonoma, American ' '.
Ventura, \ American . .
400
400
400
60 '
60
50
26
20
26
6,000
6,000
6,000
NAME.
]
Length.
Feet.
Jreadth Depth.
Feet. Feet.
Toinagi
CoreaT /American ' '¦. I
Iberia, American |
672
672
I
63
63
40
40
[ 11.500
I 11,600
I Length.
Feet.
Breadth I Depth. I
Feet. Feet. Tonnap
NAME.
Uaskan, American r .V. ...... . .'. . . •
Cexan, American ¦
irizonian, American .
American, American
?allfornian, American '
)regonian, American
ia wallan, American -
-."ebraakan, American
>< e vadan, American
488
4 S3
488
435
435
435
435
371 "
371
57
67
67 .
51
51 .
51
61
40
46 '
35
35
85
33.6
' 33.8
33.6
S3. 6
34
34
8.T00
8.700
8.700
6,000
6.000
6,000
6,000
5,300
6,300
I Length. I Breadth I Depth.
Feet. Feet. Feet. - Tonnagi
NAME.
Shawmut, American
Tremont, American '
Lyra, American '
Pleiades, American
Hyade3, American
005
505
331
340
340
58
58
47.5
47
47
40
40
25
28
28
11.200
11,200
4,417
3.763
3.753
I Length. I Breadth I Depth: I
Feet. Feet. I Feet. Tonnage
NAME.
America Maru, Japanese. . .-.
Hongkong Maru, ' Japanese
Toklo Maru, Japanese.......;"....
423
423
423
SI
SI .
61
¦I
29.5
29.5
29.5
6,000
5,000
5.1)00
Length. Breadth I Depth.
Feet. Feet. I Feet. Tonnage
NAME.
Guatemala.' British
Palena, British ....;...:....,....
Colombia, British . ... »..;...
rucapel, British '.......
Arcqulpa, British
Ltmari. British ............ :.. r - .
Pei u, ¦ British '••
Chile. British ......>..:.
Santiago. British ..: •••
Panama, British
Mexico. British ..::. . : y". • • v ......
Victoria, British ... . .V. . . ... ••?•,••
California, British .;. . : . ."". •' ..' .";*....
359.3
350
350.5
380
350
351
350
350
350
418
418
418
418
43.3
42.1
43.2
44.2
45.2
42.1
43.1
43.1
45.2
52
62 '
62
52
i
19.1
10.5
10.5
10.7
19.0
10.5
10.4
10.4
22.5
36.0
36.9 :
36.0
36.0
3.227
2.553
3,335
2,700
2,«r3
2.696
•3,225
2.053
3 6.000
6.000
6.000 •
6.000
I Length.
' Fe'St.
Breadth I Depth. I
Feet. Feet. I Tonnagi
NAME.
Sescstros, German .......... •
Octavia, German V. ;..;.....
Luxor, German ..'... % . • • • • '••
Hermonthis, German .:.......;.••
Serepis, German • • • • • •
ranis, German .*. \ i "'.' •••*••
Neko, German •
Hathor. German :...:.•¦••
Pentaur., German
Abydos. German
Mlcantia, German
382
378
340.3
SS2
321
331.4
S45
340.5
323
323
340.3
48
48 .
44.3
48.3
40.2
41.0
43.7
44.3
40.2
40.2
44
28.4
26.4
25.2'
26.2
23.4
23.5
25.8
25
24.4
24.4
29.3
4.Tr*
4,718
S.B4S
4,782
2.M6
2.S70
3,d48
3,047
8,">47
3,»I7
3.640
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKGTOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscribers contemplating: a chancre ol
residence during; the summer months can hare
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by nottfyins: The Call Business Office.
This paper will al«o be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all toiTiix on the coast.
Orphrum — Vaudeville.
Grand Ojx-ra-house — "Fedora."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California— "Captain Lettarblalr."
Tivoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "A Child of Fortune."
Alcaznr — "The Two Escutcheons."
-Columbia — "Tom Pinch."
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
A2£USE2£E2fT&
By Wm. G. Laynz— This day, at 11 o'clock. Race Horses,
at Oakland Racetrack.
liy J. D. Ho mil — &a turds". April 26, at 11 o'clock. Horses
at corner Tenth aud Bryant streets.
By Wm. G. Layig— Monday. April 2S. at 11 o'clock. Driv-
ing Hoitis, Buggies, etc., at 1*40 Tnlrd street.
AUCTION SALES.
BARGAINS.
In a few days we begin decorating our new
hall and warerooms and must have the room.
Every piano cut to the lowest possible figure.
Over 200 o» our floors, of which the following
are a few. Installments. ?3; rents, S2. or your
own terms. -
lKnabe «OS
.Steinway From S125 to «75
3 Heine From *235 to 525
2 Chickerlng 9130 and 24O
1 Shaw ;- - 173
2 .Weber ..#183 and 223
NOTICE— On account of car strike we have
engaged two carriages, which we will be glad
to send to the address of any one who desires
to attend this sale. , Phone us, Main 5744. . .
Piano Warerooms, 233-237 Geary it.Many Members of Uniform Rank of Knights of -Pythias of This City
and Oakland Attend the Election, and Installation of Officers
Who; Are to Jake Command of a New Body of the Order
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES ATTEND
MUSTERING IN OF THE COMPANY
OFFICERS OF SAN FRANCISCO
COMPANY i OF THE UNIFORM
RANK, KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The railway up Mount Pilatus in Switz
erland was used last summer by 21,273
persons. England contributed 30.4 per
cent, Germany 22.8. France 10.4. . ,
Adams' Hair Restorer promotes .growth, re
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair. 50c. *
The Golden Gate Valley Improvement
Club has petitioned the Board of Super
visors to provide an appropriation for the
improvement of Lobos square.
Wants (Lobos Square Improved.
Medical Talk is the name of one of the
most recent but popular medical magazines
before the public to-day. The April issue ap
pears in a unique, up-to-date magazine cover,
an ornament to any library table. Medical
Talk is In the third year of its existence and
covers a field never before accomplished In
Journalism. This magazine undertakes to In
terpret to the people what is going on in the
medical world as revealed by the numberless
medical journals intended for the doctor .only.
It brings to the household Important facts hid
den from the people by medical technicalities.
It deals in a popular way with such questions
as vaccination, sanitary laws, cremation, diet
ary rules, and all drugless methods of healing
disease. We predict great popularity for this
new venture in journalism and congratulate
the publishers on the artistic drees in which
their April issue appears. Sample copy seat
free by the Medical Talk Publishing Co., Co
lumbus, Ohio. . -
Medical Talk a Family Magazine.
When Plerpont Morgan was here with
the Episcopal Bishops last autumn he
made the remark that San Francisco was
hardly aware of her unlimited possibili
ties, but evidently there were Eastern
men at that time who were keeping a
watchful eye on the city's development.
Perhaps to the far-seeing Morgan is due
this welcomed desire of Eastern financiers
to come here and invest their fabulous
capital. ¦¦';..- -,
The coming of John Wanamaker as a
permanent influence in the commercial
world of this city is evidence indeed of
the growing Importance of the com
munity and shows that some of the fore
most financiers of the world loolc upon
tnis wonderfully favored metropolis aa a
most advantageous ground for tne invest
ment of many millions of money.
John Wanamaker is one of the most
conservative and at the same, time one
of the most fortunate of America's cap
italists. It is only some six years ago
that he added to his famous Philadelphia
store the great establishment of the late
A. T. Stewart of New York City, which
until that time was conducted by a com
pany at the head of which was the late
Judge Hilton. The establishment under
the Hilton management could not be
made to pay. Whether the failure was
due "to the extravagance of Judge Hil
ton's sons and son-in-law, who comprised
the partnership, or to other reasons was
never satisfactorily explained, but the
fact remains that until John Wanamaker
took hold of the immense establishment
the business had proved a disastrous
failure. • „„ •
No sooner was the magic name of W an
amaker placed over the portals of the
great building than the store was and has
ever since been thronged by patrons at
all hours of the day and at all seasons
of the year.
The Wanamaker store of San Fran
cisco is to be conducted on the same lib
eral principles that characterize the con
duct of his establishments In the Eastern
cities, with the difference that in the new
building being erected by Flood he will
have the rare advantage of an absolutely
modern building, combining every con
venience and architectural elegance.
Wanamaker has already signed the lease
for me basement and first two floors of
the new and imposing building wnich is
being erected by J. c Flood on the site
where once stood the Baldwin Hotel, at
the corner of Market and Powell streets.
That the eyes of the great financiers
and merchant princes of the East
ern States are longingly turned toward
the opportunities offered by San Fran
cisco lor profitable investment Is once
more demonstrated by the news
which The Call is in a position to give
this morning" of the determination of
John Wanamaker to open an establish
ment in this city that will rival his mag
nificent .Fhilaaelphia and New \oric
stores.
Easement and First Two Floors of
New Flood Building Will Be
Occupied by the East
ern Merchant.
Where Once Stood the
Baldwin Hotel.
Will Have Magnificent Store
Philadelphia Financier
Signs a Lease for a
Choice Corner.
WANAMER
TO LOCATE IN
THIS CITY
¦ SANTA ROSA. April 22. — Articles of Incor
poration ot<tJne Santa Rosa Woolen Mills were
filed here to-day. The principal place of busi
ness will be San Francisco.
A frlghjfcned cur dog belonging to a
Japanese accidentally caused the death
of Giuseppl Ertola, a plumber residing
with his family at; 1510 Dupont street. Er
tola was returning' home from work last
Monday afternoon, and when he reached
the corner of Dupont and Pine streets
the dog ran between his legs, tripping him
up. i Ertola fell heavily to the pavement,
striking his head against the curb, frac
turing his skull. He was taken to his
home, where after telling his wife and/
friends - how the accident happened I . he
lapsed into unconsciousness and died at
10 o'clock yesterday i morning. He was
secretary of the Garibaldi Guards and
left a wide circle of friends.
ing From Work and Receives
- a Fractured. Skull., .
Meets With Accident While Return-
Col. W. D. Sanborn of the Burlington
Receives a Pleasant Surprise at
¦? /His Office.
The men on "railway row" are having
a great laugh on Colonel W. D. Sanborn,
general agent of the Burlington route in
this city. Yesterday Colonel Sanborn
celebrated his fifty-first birthday. On his
arrival at the office in the morning he
found ¦: an elaborate birthday cake placed
on the . too of his desk. I The cake was
brilliantly ' illuminated' with - J sixty-one
candles, which had been' lirhted prepara
:tory to his arrival.
Colonel Sanborn prides himself upon his
youthful 'appearance and the placing of
sixty-one candles on the cake he deemed
a gross libel. He declares that A. Ot
tinger, the ticket broker, sent the cake
over to him.
."WOODLAND, April 22.— Claude Rhodes of
Woodland has received a Government appoint
ment. He will be one of a surveyingr party that
will leave for Alaska on May 25.
ANOTHER company of the Unl
-form Rank of the Knights of
Pythias'^ was mustered in last
night at 316 O'FarreU"
Brigadier' General ¦ A. H. Arndt
was the mustering in officer, and he was
assisted by Brigadier General Herman
Schaffner (retired). CoJnnel J. P. Abott
and Colonel George Samuel. The new
company has forty members, twenty
eight of whom were mustered in last
night. About twenty members of Golden
Gate Company of- this city were present
at the ceremony, together with a like
GIUSEPPI ERTOLA UPSET
AND (KILLED BY A DOG
SIXTY-ONE CANDLES
IN HIS BIRTHDAY ? CAKE
Another company of the rank will be
mustered in at Napa May 6, and this will
be followed by new companies at Crock
ett, Watsonville, Salinas and Oakland.
The officers were next duly obligated
and installed into their respective posi
tions, after which a collation was served
and congratulatory addresses were made
by the , mustering in officer, and his as
sistants and Captain Evans. The latter
declared that the new company would
not neglect any opportunity to shine not
only during convention week, but at all
times* while the Uniform Rank has a
standing in this domain.
\ — -- r — __.. - j.
number from Liberty Company. of Oak
land. ' The; officers conducting the cere
mony appeared in full dress uniforms.
.The -petitioners were sworn in according
to the rulei and regulations of the Pyth
ian order and with impressive ceremony,
after which the following named were
elected officers: A. W. Evans, captain;
Dr. J. A. Eason, first lieutenant; Ernest
Ullman, second lieutenant; C. L. Sears,
sentinel; A. D. Coddington, recorder, and
J. Huber, treasurer. ' . . -
A judgment for $750 in favor of the
plaintiff in the suit of Marie Horstmeyer
against • H. F. Suhr and William and
Frederick Horstmeyer was rendered by a
Jury In Judge Hunt's court yesterday.
Mrs. Horstmeyer sued for $10,000 damages
for injury to her feelings caused by the
cremation of her husband's remains by
the defendants. ,
Mrs. Horstmeyer Gets Damages.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2.50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall."
the best $1 fountain pen in ; the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market St. •
'The Best Fountain Pens.
The Immortal Pecksniff was well done,
but not In quite sufficiently oily vein, by
H. Barfoot. His discomfiture, was keenly
enjoyed by the audience, who' took
a childlike delight in seeing . the ¦« smug
villain unmasked. J. G. Taylor was excel
lent as old Martin Chuzzlewit, and an
other very convincing bit of work was
the Mark Tapley of Ernest Stallard. Miss
Ellen O'Malley was a very dainty Mary
Graham, looking and acting the part with
much charm. The rest : or the cast was
acceptably filled and the staging was of
the best. "Tom Pinch" goes for to-night
and to-morrow evening.
"Tom Pinch" is rather a series of pic
tures than a play proper, however, a. very
discreet and characteristic selection of
scenes from the novel. All of the "Martin
Chuzzlewit" characters of prominence ap
pear In the cast, and the chief incidents
ol the book are. woven Into a pleasing
summary of the story. The first act drags
in places, but in the second and third the
dramatic quality, with • the help of the
good character .drawing, holds the inter
est very effectively.
Again the strength of Mr. Willard's
company was exhibited | in gratifying
manner. As Tom Pinch Mr. Willard him
self has a part that suits his personality
without a wrinkle. He manages com
pletely to obscure, his natural grace in
the gentle awkwardness -of the fine, sim
ple •fellow and without a suggestion of
caricature paints the portrait with fasci
nating faithfulness. It is wonderfully
finished work, and with a fine, true note
of pathos struck throughout. There were
many wet eyes in the house as Tom, with
his shattered Pecksniff before his eyes, is
driven from the only home he knows,
manfully silent, though a word would
save him. ' ¦"':¦-.". :
Tears, the highest tribute to the actor's
art, were Mr. Wlllard's in abundance last
night for his exquisite characterization
of Tom Pinch, one of the quaintest 6f the
Dickens creations, j More applause than
has greeted the clever player during his
present engagement was also his, and the
second curtain fell amid ! applause, that
lasted until it was again raised for the
last act.
PRESENTS "TOM PINCH"
IN| GBATTFYING MANNER
The taking of testimony at the trial of
John T. Rilcy, charged with the murder
of Otto Ekbert, a non-union teamster, on
Townsend street, between Third and
Fourth, on November 9 last, was com
menced before a jury in Judge Cook's
court yesterday. The defendant's mother
and wife sat beside him. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Greaney conducted the
prosecution, and the defendant was rep
resented by Attorney John J. Barrett.
The most important witness examined
was Mrs. Alma Miller of 32 Clyde street.
She testified that on the evening of No
vember 9, about 6:05 o'clock, she was on
her way home from the corner grocery.
It was raining hard at the 'time. She ob
served a man walking in' front of her,
and when she was within three feet of
him another man, whom she positively
identified/ as the defendant, struck the
man in front of her a violent blow on the
left side of the head with a piece of pipe.
The* assaulted man, who was Ekbert, fell
to the ground on his hands and knees,
and then with a groan fell flat on his
face.' The defendant dropped the piece of
pipe, stooped and turned Ekbert's face
upward, looked at it and then dropped it.
The defendant then walked away along
Ritch street, j When the defendant rose
from his stooping position she had a look
at the side of his face. She also got a
good look at his back while he walked
away. She was cross-examined at con
siderable length as to alleged contradlc- ,
tory statements she bad made, but stuck
to her story that the defendant was the
man who struck the fatal blow.
Detective T. B. Gibson, who arrested
the defendant, testified to a statement
made by the latter at the time of his ar
rest in an opium resort at 512 Bush street
that he had been at the otflce of Nolan,
Jones & Manning, for " whom Ekbert
worked, at 5 o'clock- on the afternoon of
November 9, and was at 512 Bush -street
at 7 o'clock smoking opium with two of
his friends. He also testified to finding
the mate of the iron roller with which
Ekbert was struck in another truck in
Nolan, Jones & Manning's barn.
The other witnesses examined were Cor
poral George W. Russell, who produced a
diagram of the scene of the murder; Po
liceman David Koegel and William E.
Jones of the draylng company, who came
across Ekbert's body on Townsend street.
Ekl ert had been employed by the com
pany for about three months and drove
the truck formerly driven by the defend
ant, who had given up Bis job voluntarily
prior to the strike.
The case will go on this morning.
Describes His Actions After
Striking of Murderous •
Blow.
Mrs. Alma Miller Posi
" . .-¦.,. .
tively Identifies De
fendant Riley.
EKBERT MURDER
BEING PROBED
The committee to arrange for the com
ing trip of San Francisco's business men
to Bakersfleld to attend the carnival and
street fair, has secured a rate from : the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Railroad
people of $12 90 for the -round trip, which
includes the sleeper. The committee has
also been working over the itinerary and
has modified the original plan so that' in
addition to Bakersfleld, a visit will be
paid to Vlsalla, Hanford, Tulare, Fresno
and Madera on the homeward trip. ¦;-'¦•
In order to ascertain how many busi
ness men will make the Bakersfleld' ex
cursion, a letter has .been addressed by
the committee of arrangements to the sec
retaries of the several commercial bodies
of the city, requesting that the members
of the various organizations who" Intend
to go report to the committee .not later
than ; May 1. That will give sufficient
time to make the . final ' arrangements,'
as ' the start will not be - made . until the
following week.
for Visiting Carnival.
Business Men. of the City Nearitjp
Conclusion of Arrangements
LOW RATE IS SECURED
FOR BAK2jRSFIELD ! TRIP
Guardlola's estate is estimated to be
worth $25,000,000. The greater portion of
it Is located in Guatemala, where/luardi
ola was interested in mines and snipping
The property in this city is wsjrth sev
eral hundred thousand dollars. »
Mrs. Guardiola is but 31 yo<ars of age
Her husband at the time of Ids death was
more than 70.
Slgmund Green of the London, Paris
and American Bank petitioned for letters
of administration upon the estate, acting
under direction of the widow. The Pub
lic Administrator also petitioned for let
ters of • administration, claiming that
neither of the, wills was operative in Cal
ifornia. The petitions will be heard by
Judge Troutt to-morrow.
The deposition practically disposes of a
contest over the estate of the' wealthy
Guatemalan planter. When the disputed
will, which gives the vast 'estate of Guar
diola to his wife and daughter, was filed
here, a second will executed by the plant
er ten years before was presented for
probate by -Page, McCutchen & Page,
who claimed that It was the last testa
ment of the deceased. , . .
The will of Jose Guardiola, bearing date
of March 10, 1897, is his last testament,
according to the deposition of his widow,
Mrs. Rosario Guardiola, which was filed
yesterday in Judge Troutt's court. Mrs.
Guardiola sets forth in the deposition,
which was taken in Paris, where she re
sides, that she witnessed the making of
the will, and her testimony is corrobo
rated by David Cahn, banker, who. with
Mrs. Guardiola, signed tHe document as
a witness.
Widow of Jose Guardiola
Says the Document
Is the Latest.
SUPPORTS WILL
MADE IN PARIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJbL,^ WEDNESDAY^ APRIL 23; 1902.
7
\4&^ y 1M. VIGOR. > ITAUTYfor MEN
JgJ*^^ MORMON ElaKOP'S PILL3
jjry'k |USa have been in use over fifty
fgfe&'Nhrauk- years by the leaders of tha
ISK^5i£f;fel Mormon Church and their
raHBS&jSffKsg followers. Positively cure tha
K?rTWtf» SkXI worst case3 irl olcl and youni
cK.«Llv *Wa & r!sin & from efTects of self-
C3m»V7&N7 abuse, dissipation, excesses or
*Esl»t3i?al5 ciparette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Irnpotency. Lost
T8Kfof3r 'Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Cnfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. /g» Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner TM \ M vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are WT — immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *•«« IB ncyto every func-
tion. Don't get despondent: a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box; 8 for
$2 CO by mail. A written guarantee to cure op
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 4O Ellis St..
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third st. ._-».¦:.;?
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
Personally conducted, excursions to Kansas
City. St. Louis. Chicago, New York. Boston
and all Eastern points. For full inlormatiuu
address
I* M. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast Agent,
126 California at.. San Francisco. CaL
Through seryice dally to '
Missouri Pacific Railway
DIAT^ONT* DVES. The only pure and ua-
. adulterated. Never crock! • Never fade! •
BE WISE TO-DAY!
'TIS MADNESS TO DEFER!
Strength, Vigor and Per-
manent Health.
Means Banishment of Disease
and the Establishment of
IN SPRINGTIME
Paine's Celery
v Compound
THE USE OP
Paine's Celery Compound is the one
true specific recognized and prescribed
to-day by our most eminent and our most
honest practitioners for diseases arising
from a debilitated nervous system. You
need its use this very day; your condition
demands it; common sense and a knowl-
edge of what Paine's Celery Compound
has done for others should be your guide
at this critical time of your life. PAINE' 9
is the kind that makes sick people well!
See that the name is on both bottle and
wrapper. Da not be induced to take a
substitute or any imitation; you need tha
kind that has cured others.
"Weakly, sickly and disease laden mor-
tal. It is madness. to defer the use of that
health-giving medicine that has rescued
and saved its tens of thousands in every
land.
"Well meaning and really worthy peopla
often err 'when sickness and disease coma
to them. Too often they are content to
follow blindly the advice of second rats
physicians, who In - nine cases out of
every te?n fall to properly diagnose the
Ills they are called upon to cure. Too
frequently our sick people put their trust
and confidence In commonj advertised
pills, nervines, sarsaparillas and other
liquid concoctions. Terrible disappoint-
ments and results come to the users of
such medicines; sickness and disease are
aggravated— their dangers vastly In-
creased.
Happy are the people who, . when : dlJH
ease has laid its hand upon them, use Dr.
Phelps' life-giving prescription, Paine's
Celery Compound, a medicine that stands
without an equal for feeding exhausted
nerves, purifying the blood and building
up the weakened and run down system.
A CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH
PEHNVROVai PILLS
¦3 .—/JV^V. Vrlolaal sad Only Heaulnx.
JT-'77*fc>.T\8A7E. »lw»T»r<ilUhi». Lm<ll<x. «•« Draerir*
f"jV\ *r^5$L tor ClilCHJESTElfS iUiGLJLSU
&W««1 la KE» «al Gold m«tkU!o b<-»«. «•%!•!
13k r*" % M wUh b>M rtbbon - Take to oth ar. Reflia*
TH w^ *Vfl Dsvffcroa* >ialMt]taUo<iii >ad Imlto.
I / ¦ fff tlon*. Buy »f your Dmgfia. or trad 4c. io
W' Jf iti»M for Particular* Te.tlmo»la]»
'.VO*. fP »a4' 4 R«ll«r f«rL«dlfs"inW((r, if ra.
-A P twmtMatl. 10,IWiH,n:mw..h. SoMby
> - "T an Srasftna. Caleheatar Cbei leal C«s»
lC«ti«nM.,«j«. ttoil—m Square. PHLJk. *»I!
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT, WEDNESDAY. April 23.
1'aj-quet. any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved 10c.
FASHIONABLEJfAUDEVILLE!
Milton and Dollie Nobles; Wilton
Brothers; Knight Brothers; Susie
Fisher; Sam, Kittie and Clara
Morton; Pony Ballet; Banks and
Winona Winter, and the Fetching
Brothers.
DON'T MISS ' ;
THE BIOGRAPH,
SHOWING A TfilP TO THE YO-
SEMITE AND PRINCE HENRY
AT WEST POINT.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TdEY CANT STOP US
COMING KOW IN CARRIAGES TO SEE
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
IT IS FOR ENJOYMENT.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bufh 0.
[FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell rts.
Telephone Main 231.
A GENTLEMAN | TO ATTEND
HAD PROMISED | THE THEATER
WITH A PHYSICIAN.
He excused himself on the plea that he had
Indigestion.
But the doctor waltzed him to see
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
And he laughed so heartily that he got cured.
And now he goes every night and Saturday and
Sunday afternoons.
UULiUlfBDif4 LtADiliQ THEATEf
Powell St.. near Market.
Last 4 Nights — Matinee Saturday.
MR E.. S U/ILLARP.
To-night and Thursday Night. Charles Dickens'
**TO/n PINCH."
Friday Mght and Saturday Matinee, T. W.
Robertson's
DAVID CXRRICK.
Saturday Night. J. M. Barrle's Comedy.
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY."
Beginning NEXT MOICDAT.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
MR. N. C. MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
la tholr greatest American and London Success,
"WHEN WE TVERE TWENTY-ONE."
TRICES $2. $1.60. $1. 75c. 50c and 25c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In a Farewell Sardou Revival.
TO-NIGHT— For the Last Time,
"FEDORA."
To-morrow Erenlng - "GISMONDA"
Friday *and Saturday Evening and Saturday
Matinee "CLEOPATRA"
Sunday Matinee and Sunday Evening
"LA TOSCA"
Same Popular Prices 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
. Next Week— EDWARD HARRIGAN.
K £r <2_&L 'S&JKT9
Bclasco & Thall, Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATTXEE SATURDAY & SUNDAY.
Sydney Rosenfeld'a Beautiful Comedy,
THE TWO
ESCUTCHEONS.
The Richest Kind of High Class Comedy.
SPARKLING WITH WIT.
BRIMFUL OF HUMOR.
PRICES » 13c. 25c. 35c. BOc. 75c
CEMTKA 83 ""gs
TO-XIGHT — ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful Melodrama,
A CHILD OF
FORTUNE.
Rich In Emotional Scenes and Bubbling Orer
* With RolUcklni: Humor.
DDIfCC Evenings '. 10c to BOc
J Kllti Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "SLAVES OF THE ORIENT/'
— THE SAME TRUTHFUL STORY —
A CHARMING PERFORMANCE
— ALL THIS WEEK —
MATINEE SATURDAY
| SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY. . J
MR. JAMES NEILL
and the Neill Company.
Presenting
CAPTAIN LE1TARBLAIR.
SEATS READY.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING— First Time In
This City.
"THE STARBUCKS."
SEATS THURSDAY.
gfil^ RACING
E very Week Day-
'" r Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. ' ;.
Races start st 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
J2:30. J. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with train* stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no emoklng. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
THOMAS H; WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
IA/. T. HESS,
K0TAKT PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT-LA W.
Tenth Floor. Room 1018, Claus Spreclcela Bids.
¦ Telephone Main 883.
Residence, £21 California st., below PowtU.
Bwlflcncs Telephone. James 1501.
¦¦ &&& WONG AVOO,
JUT CHINESE TEA AND HER3
OU-'/ SANITARIUM.
761-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
ffWttffltMb* t\ excluilvely by CiUt*»
t«rt». o»er • 3000 varieties belns used Hour* . .
1:80 to U •» m.. X to 3 and I w »».„•. •//
¦
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.UYER.tt.UNGS.
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
u n equaled ser-
vice and • modern
conveniences are the
attributes that [have
made these \ two : ho-
tels popular * with
tourists /and travel-
ers who visit San
Francisco.
PAUSE'S CELESY COMPOUND.
; NEW ADVEBTISEMEKTTS. j^i
. 5 ?SBHHHQBHfflfflEBfflHHannanBEHHBHHHHHifflanHHHfflannHHBHnn
I A Neglected Back |
(^^^ffi^^^SSI Sure to brlngr trouble on short order. Kidneys won't stand neglect. S
' iMt^h^ d$&F's$\ they've got their work to do, and If anything happens that they can't n
' ' i7 wf'^SilSl ' doit, they will- let. you know" it very- quickly. Sick kidneys bring q
\^ff Miw ¦'^ l vft?5^-- '¦- • • . neadacne » lam © back,' urinary troubles, diabetes, B right's disease. B
il^^^^ [Doan's Kidney Pills j
rapHjffi T^^^^nPWa^^^^ em's sick kidneys— stop the backache, cure every ill that kidneys are S
Ljjinjffwv :^l_ HBfflJpllB^SnQw - ¦ heir to— "' • ' ¦ ¦ . ' ft
'B^Hwa "tiWnLa I FV tl Wmjr^Ta And there's plenty of proof of It. San Francisco people say so. ""
XSiUQ. Your own neighbors' and friends— read this statement: • H
fjigftw, -, aSsKaFtVSe^uBi • ' John J. Murphy of 1604 Turk street, marine engineer, identified with B
| < . WBB^y^^sJrlinr^iLif JB Jl tt_il.iff^\ the fire department for twenty-five years as a regular and two years Q
\ - TBgSr as a substitute, connected with engines at Companies Nos. 4. 10 and m
' \%r HfP"HSnHMMePBSlBy 26, says: "A quarter of a century spent as a fireman is decidedly £¦
jm*rLJ2~ ;l ®f£mM0rW hard on the constitution and this may account for a derangement or S
JMjOtsStefc fr r7^"^ff ' a sluggish condition* of my kidneys which had annoyed me for some "*
. '• •'¦' ' ' time. It struck me while reading advertisements about Doan's Kid- *a
I . ¦ -¦ • JEsMSSSBoBS^SKSS ' • I ney Pills If they performed half what they promised they might help B
•.¦- ;. . : ¦'.- ' gj^d^^Jg&flBHMBamf ,-'.¦ i •:¦'>;.¦ ?*-M ' me, and I went to the Owl Drug Co., 1128 Market st.. for a box. They B
;,¦'."' - ttt.^-jUBSmiSSBS&Sm ' :^ ' t i '.•were Just 'the remedy. I. required. Since the treatment my general £3
KK^^MfW&fflB&^tJ&L health has been much better. I am averse to public notoriety but you a
fla BRasJifflssBag can U3e my statement or send anyone to me for a personal endorsa- w%
BBSSBESSBBBSBSSf ' -. tlon of it, because a remedy which acts as represented should be *¦
'I Doah's Kidney Pills are for sale at all drug stores— 50ca box. I
5 { Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N.Y. S
¦¦¦HIUIlllllMIHIHIIIIMHHIipiNIIUllllllg
4visit DR. JORDAN'S great*
OF AHflTOHY*
A QD 1851 XASZTSC7. lit. BAtTSi, S.J.&I. i
\ X!f The Lareest Anatomical Museum in the \
(S mJCh> World. Weaknesses or any contracted M
V WSEfW *s«« p»"i««»«'»ye»r«<» hy the oldest X
Q IS Si 1 Specialist on the Coast. Eit 36 years. O
i ti |I* ft DR « JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM , I
\ IMm)| Consultation free and strictly prmte.
a I QWH Treatment personally 01 by letter. A 1 I
f A W >\l B fttitiw Cur* in erery case undertaken. '
UFU llflt ' Wr " e tor Book. PHILOSOPHY «f , }
» ll II BABBIASE. MAILED FRB2. ( A '
X fX Ijf valuable book far mra ) , '
T Da. JOBD4.N * CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. r J '
l£5r"W5r« .„ TpTWjJWI |J3 cWte "ISM
Ml. ULS Jll^Jf
1 The I
IPEERLE55 I
Rftj We believe the Knabe to j|l
|| be the very best piano the flfl
W\ world has ever produced. ' Illn .
If We are decidedly enthit- HI
l| • siastic about its merits, and Hi
|| every purchaser of a Knabc |
|| shares our enthusiasm. 1 1|
|K There are people in San I fil
ni Francisco who have used |JJ|
ill their Knabe constantly for I IB
fl 30 or 40 years. Aside from 'Jfl
Tecent improvements and ||n
I the average wear • on * If I]
I the case, these Knabes are |'
If I as good as new. HI
Can there be better proof ¦ 1 1
t than experience? Can there • |flj
I be a better test than the , |
I test of time? Li
I The Knabe will serve l|j
I ; you well. ' ' I
iiln *-^^^*W3BB^^9o a*d*«%m^ii #^ 1(111
I *¦* Z8 © Farrell It. IH
I NT»r Stocktofv St. S.K In
Sgjjjy^jHr injection. I'
r^rPERMANENT CURE §
!i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea \
? and Gleet, sruaranteed in from 3 to 8 C
c days ; nc other treatment required. 5
2 Sold by all dra^gista. 3
AH VEHTISEMENTS.OAKLAND RACETRACK— Tuesday. April 22.— Weather fine.^Track fast.
3G35. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
i f. i j| i Betting.
Index [Horse. Age. Weight-ISt. V*. ?4- Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. OP- Cl
36li~ > Ked Dennis. 5.. ..105 3 1111 T*l 1% Piedmont Stable... Fogg 15 10
3617 El Pilar. 3 104 4^3^33 2 1/4 27 Los Gatos Stable... Hoar 2 16-5
3C16 First Shot, 5 106 10 x 54,41^35 3 % Moore & Co Vlckery « *
3620 Fondo. 4 101 2 7 % . 7 % 4 hi * 2 P. G. Lynch Knapp 10 15
2568 Nilgar, 6 109 5 41 5h 51 5% Mrs. Jones & Co.. Frawly 15 16
3K23 Gold Baron. 6.... 104 7 2h2h 61 62 H. L. Haskell..... ..Bell 15 40
3614 Parsifal. 4 108 12 10 8% 7^ 74 J. D. Fitzgerald... Prior 10 15
3574 Free Lance, a 112 6 On 91 82 82 Buff'tn & McAtee..Conly 4 (g
3627 Mont. Peeress. 3.. 93 8 11 10 9 2 9h J. Coffey Sheehan 6 8
.... Ban Laddie. 4.... 106 1 8 1 6 2 10 10 4 J. Fields ...:.See 10 30
382S Rainier, a 1X113 12 11 11 11 h James Andre ws..Spargur . bO 10O
<2701) Master Cal. 4.... 109 9 9 % 12 12 12 F. Kistenmacher... Kelly 15 20
2701 Boardman 6 113;14 14 13 13 13 • Miss 0'Connell..McCarty 60 100
3603 Lento. 3 102111 13 14 14 14 Neil & Blazer.. Donnelly 3 5
2701 San ATigustlne. B..109I15 15 15 15 15 X. M. Jortall Feary 15 20
Time v t -23%; *i. :49?i; %. 1:15^; %, 1:28%. Straggling start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner, Piedmont Stable's b. g. by Apache-Juanita. Winner enjoyed perfect racing
luck. El Pilar pocketed on stretch turn. With an even break First Shot have won.
Fondo ran well. Parsifal away badly. Free Lance lame. Lento was soif and had no
chance with the breakaway. . -.^-. -. n_n_n_i-i_r- -u
3O3G. SECOND RACE: — Five furlongs; gelling; three-year-old flllles; to first. $325.
~ '¦ '. Betting.
ladex Horse and Weight. St. V». %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. • Op. Cl.
36171 Annie Max 107*9 6 1^52 3~% 14 • P. Sheridan........ Prior 15 12
3576 Esternell 107 5 3>4 3 % 2HJ2n A. Andrews Hoar 3 4
<:«511) Halmetta 112 7 62 4n 54 33 W. Ketcheman..Donnelly 2 4
3611 Knocking 10711 In In 11 42 Earl & Co .Troxler 6 4
3627 Cathello 112i 3 41 6h 6 H 5h Clayton & Co.... L. Daly 10 16
353.-J Sterling Towers.. 107 4 2 1% 2*1H 4 H 6 l^a Musto & Rulz...Frawley 50 60
3611 Pirate Maid 107 6 7% 7% 7 2 7 4 C. W. Chappell.-Watrbry 10 20
3599 Winnecook 110 2 8 % 9 2 8 2 8.2 H.I.Wilson Conley 16 16
3576 Nonle 112 10 10 8% »6 9 10 M. Kane McCarthy 2 14-5
3325 Torila 10«j 8 9 H 10 10 10 E. I. Wheeler See 15 30
Ti me — 14 :24m: V*. :tt: %. 1:02. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner. P. Sheri
dan" s'b. f. by Maximo- Annie Lewis. Annie Max regained her best form suddenly. Nonle,
away poorly, /ailed to Eh<> w any ' *J?**!*-^_ j _^_ r^^-r^-r^^r^^
3G37. THIRD RACE: — Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; to first, $325. "
I 1 Betting.
Index Horse and AVeight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CI.
3607 Clarinette 107 3 ... v 1 2% 1 3 11% H.J.Jones See 6 6
3613 !J. H. Bennett 110 1 ... 2 n 3 2 2 % L. A. Blasln&am..Vlckry 6 7
3607 Tom Mitchell 109 2 ... 31%2n 32 G. P. McXell. \A. Kelly 4 12
3566 Montezuma 110 7 ... -4h-4% 4% Capps & Long Conley 10 8
3CO0 Darante 107 5 ... 72 62 52 A. B. Spreckels Hoar 6 8
3607 Prestolus 107 4 ... 6 n 7 »J 6 h Jennings & Co..L. Daly 20 30
(3630) Amoruna 107 9 5 2 5 H 7 1 Burns & Waterhs-.Troxlr 4-5 13-10
3522 iDonaml 110 6 ... 9 >J 8 % 8 4 Montana Stable. McCarty 8 12
3570 Temprano 107 8 *... S2 9 9 2 G. Burger Prior 20 30
3600 ITamm 110 11 ... 11 10 10 Marrane & Co..Frawley 20 S«i
3522 jSablnal llOjlO ... 10 1 11 11 G. W. Scott Bozeman 50 100
Time — 'i, :25; %, :«. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, H. J.
Jones" ch. f. by Magnet-I Declare. See on winner took a run at the barrier. Amoruna off .
poorly. Donaml some early speed. Scratched — Len Reno 107, Levant 110, Little Margaret
J4P7;
SG3S. FOURTH RACE: — Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
j Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. \ Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3390 Dollie Weithoff, 6.109 4 6 1 In 1 «i 1 l'i D. Lees Hoar 4 16-5
3C20 iMike Rice, a Ill 1 3 1% 2 h 2 1% 2 3 T. E. McLaughlln. .Prior 10 20
32X7 iThe Miller. 6 Ill 7 4h 6%3%3n G. P. McNeil... A. Kelly ,10 5
3«12 IKatie Walcott.5. .109 2 6n 7H4%4 1%'E. Kaufman.. See 10 : 15
3507 'John Boggs, 5 11110 7 li 8 1 7 1 5 n J. S. Gibson Howson 4 5
:M327 ISkip Me 4 1O« 3 81 9 61 6h W. Covington Vlckery 0 10
«C20);Marineu»e. 4 1O8|12 10 1 5 h 8 % 7 H J. Conway Frawley 6 10
3413 Urchin, 5 Ill 9 11 10 10 8% D. F. Cox Troxler 10 15
3C20 Alfred C. 5 114 8 9 *4 11 11 9 4 F. Phillips. . .J. Sheehan 10 20
3583 Mallakwa, 6 114 5 2h 4^6 5b 10 2 D.Cameron Conley C 10
3620 iDevereux, 5 Ill <J 1 1% 3 % 9 11 S. Merrlwether.J.McCrhy 10 .15
3467 Clarando. G 109 11 12 12 12 12 K. M. Borchert. Donnelly 20 CO
5573 llsaline. 5 109'Left C. Lind ;L. Daly 4 7
Time — i/i. :21%; '/4. :46%; last %. 1:01%'; short %. 1:11%. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, D. Lees' br. m. by Dark Days-Florry Myers. Dollie shook her company
In the stretch. John Boggs would have been knocking had be enjoyed clear sailing. Mal
lakwa quit. Isaline- made a peculiar swerve as the barrier went up. Scratched — Mike
¦ Strauss 111. •
3630. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
~1 ¦ I T Betting.
Index Horse and Weight-JSt. %. %. - Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3624 Matin Bell 95111 93 81 11 12 Chlnn & Forsythe.Donly 6 4
3611 Dawson 104 8 3 14 2 % 2 1% 2 6 W. B. Sink Jr Hoar 10 7
/ 3611 Vasallo 105 3 10 1 10 1 3h .3 1% Piedmont stable Fogg C 8
8011 Geo. Whitney ... 97 7 In 3 %• 4 3 4 % F. Phillips. . .J. Sheehan 40 40
8611 Sir Claus »4 6 5n 5% 5 15 4 Lewis & Merriwthr.Trnr 6 8
3628 Headstrong 99 1 4%72 6 % 6 5 Nell & Blazezr.Fauntlery 30 20
3CO3 Constable 104 4 82 81 81*7 1 Musto & Ruiz. .Frawley 3 5
35S0 iQuadra 102 2 Cl^ln 7% 8% Curl & Co Knapp \ 5-2 3
3624 ID wight Way 107 10 11 11 9 92' V.Gilbert A Kelly 15 20
3C26 IBaldo 112112 12 12 10 10 B. Schrelber..L. Spencer 15 30
3C23 ISwiftlight 103 9 7 2 4 2 11 11 E.M.James L. Daly 30 20
.3611 |Sol 1071 5 2 % 6 % 12 12 - P. C. Donaleche.Bozemn 10 20
Time — %, :25; %, :50; %. 1:16%; mile. 1:42. Fair start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, Chinn & Forsythe'a b. f. by Odd Fellow-Chauntress. Winner pounds
the best. Vasallo came from a long way back. Quadra quit at head of stretch. Too much
weight on Constable. Scratched — Legal Maxim 04, Claudator 94. /
3040. BIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
j : J Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight-lSt. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey, j Op. Cl.
3616 Tizona. 5 106 4 51 72 3n In Partlngton Bros, See 6 4
SG16- Windward, 6.". ...112 1 3n4%lh 2h Hennessy &-Co Feary 8 • 8
3625 Billy Moore, 5 10R 6 Oh 8n7%3h T. T. Rector A. Kelly 10 • 6
3597 Aloha IL 5 Ill 2 7 h 10 -6V>4% A.C. Jones & Co.. .Bell 8 7
<3fil4) Prestano, 3 97 10 10 9 2 5 1 6 1 J. Conway J. Sheehan 3 15
: 3C0» Bernota, 4 10S 8 9 H B % 2 h 6 H C. H. Ledgett... Troxler 3 5
3611 IMaraschino. 3 102 9 82 6^81 72 J.C.Humphrey Hoar 4 5
tSe27)'Klng Dellls. 5. ...114 7 4%3h 4h 84 C. Lind .L.Daly 3 4
3614 Foul Play, 5 107 3 1 % In 9 9 2 S. Bowley &• Co. ..Prior 7 15
:3614 IBen Ledl. 6 107 5 2 % 2 l%10 10 G. W. Scott. ...Bozeman 15 25
3498 iBaegenzo. 3 105;Left ¦ ... F. W. Klng.Burllngame 20 25
Time— %. :24; %. :49%; %. 1:15%; %. 1:29. Fair start. Won first three driving. At the
'- sixteenth pole any one of half a dozen had a chance. Tizona stayed best., Billy Moore
dropped from the clouds. Bernota quit at the paddock. Foul Play couldn't stay the route
g Maraschino in a poor position all the way. Scratched — Mamie' Hlldreth 104, Rubus 105,
Mcrops 1C3. The Singer 111.
TfiE CALL'S R.-A.OI2STO FORM CHART
Earl a University Begent.
SACRAMENTO, April 22.— Guy C. Earl
has been appointed regent of the Univer
sity of California, vice WV T. Wallace,
term expired.- -,
RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S RAGING AT OAKLAND TRACK
According to his confession, the mur
derer at nrst reprimanded his brother in
consequence of several repetitions of his
criminal proclivitie-3. The latter, however,
assumed a defiant attitude, and this ex
cited the former to kill his brother with
a canesword.
It appears that the murderer is a pho
tographer and the victim, nis young
brother, a pickpocket, who had been im
prisoned six times. The murder took
place at the photographer's residence on
the 10th of March and the corpse was con
cealed under the varanda until midnight
on the 6th Inst., when the murderer
shipped the bedy on a train, intending to
dispose of it in the country.
The man who came to make delivery of
the box was at once arrested and sent to
the local police station, where he con
fessed that the- body was that of his
young brpther, and that he and the con
signee were the murderers, his name be
ing Ishibf Eijiro.
YOKOHAMA, April 11 (via Victoria,
B. C. April On the 7th inst. a tea
box wrapped in matting arrived at Toyo
hashe Station from Nagoya by train. A
fetid odor was noticed about the box and
the railway authorities opened St. They
were horrified to find within the box the
body of a man who had evidently met
with a violent death.
.PHILADELPHIA, April 22.— The tomb
In which the body of Bishop JohnJ. New
mann was placed forty- two years ago was
opened to-day by a special ecclesiastical
court, the proceeding being one of the
final acts preliminary to the beatification
of the prelate. The dlslnterment was
made in secret and was for the purpose
of identifying the remains of Bishop New
mann and to ascertain their state of
preservation. •
Two witnesses swore that they wit
nessed the burial of the Bishop and two
physicians wrote a minute description of
the remains. They were then placed in
a new coffin and restored to the vauit,
which was sealed by Archbishop Ryan.
The evidence collected by the ecclesi
astical court during its inquiry, which has
been in progress for several years, will
i:ow be forwarded to Rome.
Bishop Newmann was born in Bohemia
in 1S11 and came to America at the age
of 23 years. He was made Bishop of this
diocese In 1852. He died suddenly in 1SG0.
Scheme to Conceal an Atro
cious Crime Quickly /
Frustrated.
Identification Necessary Be
fore the Act of Beati
fication.
Japanese Railway Offi
cials Discover a
Murderer.
Ecclesiastical / Tribunal
Disinters Body of
Prelate,
SHIPS A BODY
IN A TEA BOX
COURT OPENS
BISHOP'S TOMB
HIGH CLASS DOGS WHICH WILL BE SEEN TO-DAY IN MECHANICS' PAVILION AT THE SIXTH 'ANNUAL
EXHIBITION OF SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB. MAYOR EUGENE E. SCHMITZ WILL OPEN THE
AFFAIR, WHICH WILL CONTINUE DURING THE REMAINDER OF THE! WEEK. » " |iV;-;'--"
CHICAGO, April 22.— Hugh Kelly ot
Chicago won the decision ' over Owen
Zeigler, the New York welter-weight,
after six rounds of fast fighting here to
night.
Kelly Defeats Owen Zeigle'r.
OMAHA, Neb., April '22.— The trapshoot
lng tournament of the Nebraska Sports
men's Association began to-day with ten
events at "white fliers," six of which
were at fifteen and four at twenty tar
gets. To-morrow. Thursday and Friday
a like programme will be furnished, and
on the last named day will occur the big
twenty-live live bird handicap, open to
all. with an entrance fee of $25. On Sat
urday Crosby and Elliott will meet In the
match at 100 live birds, postponed from
the Kansas City tournament.
Trapshooters to Meet.
Harry B. Berry, who is & special officer
at the Union Iron "Works, appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday on charges of In
toxication and exhibiting a deadly weapon
in a rude and threatening manner. Sat
urday night he went into a saloon on El
lis street., between Powell and Stockton,
and started to clean out the place with
his revolver. He threatened to blow one
man's head off. When arrested by Police
men Hurd and Maloney a belt full of cart
ridges was found, around his waist. From
the belt hung a holster and big revolver.
The Judge gave him tw«nty-four hours
for being drunk and ordered him, to ap
pear for sentence this morning on the
other charge.
Berry on the Rampage.
The local commercial bodies express
their approval of the request of their sis
ter organizations in Honolulu and speedy
action in the matter is earnestly sought.
¦ It is stated that claims amounting to
about $2,000,000 for the destruction of prop
erty must be paid at an early date. The
territorial government has already, spent
JSO7.0O8 solely for the maintenance of
those rendered destitute by the fire. It
is urged that, as the customs and postal
revenues were at that time being trans
ferred to the United States and as Hawaii
was left with practically no Income, the
Federal Government should now extend
its aid. An extreme monetary stringency
is said to be oppressing Honolulu at pres
ent.
Honolulu Merchants Want Approprl-
The San Francisco Board of Trade, th«
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion and the Chamber of Commerce have
forwarded to the California delegation at
Washington. D. C, with, a. favorable in
dorsement, a communication received l>y
those bodies from a representative of
similar organizations in Honolulu request-
Ing that an appropriation be made to help
to defray the expense incurred by the
Territory of Hawaii as a result of the
disastrous visits to Honolulu of the bu
bonic plague and . the great fire In the
early past of 1900.. - - •- ¦ - -
Plague and Fire.
ation to Pay for Visits of
ASK FOE- AID FBOM THE
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
The husband charges also that bis wife
kicked him "in and out of- bed" at their
residence at 2413 Washington street.
The Rosenfelds were married In May.
1897, and have two children, the custody
of whom the plaintiff asks. I
Minnie B. Crossett commenced a suit
for divorce against James H. Crossett
yesterday, on the ground of cruelty. Sho
alleges that prior to their marriage Cros
sett wrote her long letters. In which ha
protested- undying love for her and beg
ged her to hasten the wedding day. They
were married at Santa Cruz in February,
1900, and went to live with a family in
Ventura. One week after the wedding,
alleges Mrs. Crossett, her husband In
formed her that he no longer cared for
her, and commenced paying attention to
a young lady living in the house with
them. His actions, and openly shown
preference for this young lady, Mrs.
Crossett says, made her 111. While sha
was confined to her bed, she says further,
Crossett spent his time with her rival,
taking her walking and driving.
.Six months after their marriage, the
plaintiff says, Crossett deserted her after
having by his cruel treatment wrecked
her nervous system and ruined her
health.
George P. Keetley, who was married to
Marlon Alice Keetley In 1887. Is suing for
divorce, alleging cruelty. He says his
wife is addicted to the use ot morphine.
Emanuel Milch is suing -Sale Milch for
divorce for desertion. They were mar
ried in 1873 and have seven children. Ha
alleges that his wife left him In Novem
ber, 1899.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Robert Alexander from Mabel Alexander
for desertion; Gertrude Noltlng from Hd
ward A. Nolting for cruelty, and Frances
A. Gonzales from Antonio Gonzales for
desertion.
He alleges further that she challenged
attention on one occasion by her efforts
at flirtation and-her indelicate conduct.
A vicious and uncontrollable temper,
which, alleges Max L. Rosenfeld, la pos
sessed by his wife, Agnes S. Rosenfeld,
is the cause of a suit for divorce filed -toy
him yesterday. According to the com
plaint, Mrs. Rosenfeld first displayed her
temper at the Hotel Metropole on Cata
llna island, during the couple's honey
moon, in 1897. At that place, he allege3,
she caused him great anguish by refusing
to dine with him. and claims she did the
same thins at the Hotel Savoy In thi3
city.
band Deserted Her for
Another.
Minnie Crossett Alleges Hus-
Says His Wife Has Un
controllable and Vi
cious Temper.
MAX ROSENFELD
SEEKS DIVORCE
DIES SUDDENLY:— B« Harrington of Occi
dental, Sonoma County, died suddenly at the
New Western Hotel. He had been in the Lane
Hospital for two weeks. He was 72 years old.
.- First race, four and a half furlongs — Geheim
niss won,- Belle Graham second. Miss Manners
third. - Time. :50 1-5.
•Second race, six furlongs — St.- Cuthbert won.
Zirl second, Maggie Davis third. Time, 1 :15 1-5.
- Third race, one mile — Owenton won, John
A 1 Clarke second, Dewey third. Time,- 1:42 2-5.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth — Dr.
Stephens won, Lingo second, Henry of Fras
tamar third. Time, 1:56. /
'Fifth race, half a mile, nAUng — Modern won,
MIrance second, S- Goudy third. Time. U9 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Rosa Diah won, Rasse
las second. Radiant Heat third. Time. 1:46.
CHICAGO, April 22.— Lakeside summary:
Fifth race, handicap, five and a half furlongs
— Xeither One won, St. Finnan second. Elolm
third. Time, 1:07 1-5. .
Sixth race, five furlongs — Gillie won, Mickey
Dwyer second, Red Knight third. Time
1:02 2-5.
Fourth race, the Peconic Stakes, mile' and
seventy yards, three-year-olds — April Shower
won. Knight Templar , second, Man-o'-War
third. Time. 1:4G 4-5.
Third race, mile and an eighth — Barbara
Frietchie won. Justice second, Alack third
Time, 1:54 4-5.
Second race, fillies, four and a half furlongs
—Rose Tint won. Mystic Belle second, ilorca
third. Time, :50 3-5.
¦ First race, seven furlongs, selling — Lone
Fisherman won. Satlra second. The Referee
third. Time, 1:28.
NEW YORK." April 22.— Aqueduct results:
Second race, mile and an eighth, selling- —
C. B. Campbell won. El Caney second,
Strangest third. Time, 1:57%.
ThWd race, seven furlongs-^VVlld Pirate won,
Alan D second, Flying Torpedo third. .Time,
1:29.
Fourth race, Arkansas Handicap, one mile
Little Scout won, Luden Appleby second, Lord
Quex thl£| Time, 1 :42.
' Fifth iSe, steeplechase, about a mile and
a quarter, handicap — Hand Squeeze won, Fal
lela second, Inkerman third. Time, 2:48.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs — Allan
won. Bourbon second. Step Around third. Time,
:57%.
rtrsfrace, six furlongs, selling — Lovable
won, Sallnda second, I. Samuelson third. Time,
1:15%.
MEMPHIS, April 22.— Montgomery Park re
sults:
Eastern Racing- Results.
The San Francisco nine left last night
for Los Angeles to mix things with the
southern aggregation. Harris' men have
no chance to overcome Morley's all-pow
erful sluggers with Nordyke - out of the
game. The teams . should finish, this
week's series "just 'as they stand at pres
ent—Los Angeles first, ' Oakland second,
San Francisco third and Sacramento last.
It is reported that Eagan and Unglaub
have entirely recovered from their inju
ries and will be in the game to-day.
' According to the relative showing made
by 'the two tea ms r this season there
should be simply r nothing to It for
Ewlng's men. They should easily take
four out of the six games from the Sen
ators.
The game scheduled for to-morrow aft
ernofln is with the Sacramento team, and
the. Oakland "rooter" who can ride to his
game instead of walking will be there in
full force. The Oakland , grounds have
been enlarged and the seating capacity
increased, but on Sunday morning even
the standing room was crowded. With
the Oakland team winning Oakland has
developed Into quite a ball town.
1 Hickey and Moskiman will (probably do
the pitching.
OAKLAND, April 22.— Oakland baseball
"fans" have had a hard time trying to see
their home team play on the home
grounds. The game on Sunday morning
was stopped by rain, and the only other
game that the Oaklands have played in
this city was lost. Since the one-time
cripples struck their victorious streak
they have not made their appearance in
this city. . .
First Time on the Oakland
.Grounds.
Will Meet the Sacramentos for ths
"WELCOME TO BE GIVEN
VICTOBIOUS OAKLAND TEAM
Whipple has a splendid career as a foot
ball player. He made fullback on his
freshman team, and in his sophomore
year played end on the varsity. In his
junior year he played on the team which
defeated Stanford by a scope of 22-0, and
as a senior was captain of the eleven
which gained the famous 30-0 victory over
the cardinal. He is thoroughly acquaint
ed with all the positions on the team, and
should be of splendid assistance to the
varsity men next term. Since graduating
in 1900 he has been engaged in the grain
business at Irvington.
.Womble's work . is still fresh in the
minds of all football enthusiasts. -He was
captain of last year's team, which won
from Stanford by a score of 2-0. He
played four years on the first eleven, and
also playedMn the freshman game during
his first year. His positions have been
end and half. He ranks among the fore
most players on the gridiron. Womble
graduates from the university this month.
Considerable speculation had been in
dulged in prior; to the election regarding
the choice for head coach. Dr. FranK
Simpson, who successfully piloted the ef
forts of last year's team, was looked upon
as a likely man for re-election, but his
private practice made it impossible for
him to allow his name to again go before
the committee. «
James R. Whipple has been chosen to
coach the University of California foot
ball eleven next season. Lloyd A.* Wom
ble has been elected assistant coach. Both
are among the cleverest football players
California has ever produced, and their
selection by the student executive com
mittee meets with the approval of the
gridiron athletes. : .
Both Are Old California Play
ers With Finest of
;- v;' Records. ' l V>.
On the Grove-street side of the Pavilion
the California Cocker Club has a separate
section all in bltle and gold, relieved by
palms and flowers. At the western end
At 2 p. m. Dr. George "W. Clayton of
Chicago will -Judge the non-sporting
breeds, while John Davidson of: Monroe,
Mich., will judge the sporting dogs. r
At 8 p.m. ail the judges, acting as a
jury, will award the Cresceus cup, offered
by George H. Ketcham, to the best four
of -any breed- At the same time they
will decide th^ brace sweepstakes for the
best two of any breed. ;• .
The show requires all ' the available
space on thfe ' ground floor of Mechanics'
Pavilion. The judging ring is just inside
the * Larkln-street entrance. To the left
is the greyhound - exhibit, a remarkable
sig-ht in itself. This section is gayly dec
orated with bunting and palms and prom
ises to be one of the most attractive fea
tures of the exhibition. "/.
morning at 11 o'clock. O. M. Carnochan,
the New York broker, will commence to
judge fox terriers at that hour. Mr. Car
nocnan, who. Is a recognized authority
upon these sporty -dogs, came across the*
continent especially to officiate at the
ehow. ': . . . . -. - -' .,- . ' ¦ .
Womble Will Assist Him
During the Coming
Season.
WHIPPLE IS NEW
FOOTBALL COACH
: Fifth race— Eonic, Obia, Rio Shaxi-
Sikth_race— El Mido, Loyal S, Ex
pedient. •' i h ; S'':h4
"Spider"; Kelly to Train. Britt.
"Spider" Kelly, considered ,by. ¦ many
ring followers the best of; boxers
in America, will train Jimmie Britt!for
his match with Lavlgne.' They will settle
down at Croll's Garden, Alameda, on the
29th inst, which' allows a full-month'for
training. • ¦ ; ' . .
.The referee -for . the Walcott-Gardncr
fight, which takes place at.;Woodward's
/Pavilion Friday night, will be selected to
night at Harry Corbett's., Neither,man
has "an ace in the hole", in this fight, so
each Is particular to get'a referee.who Is
competent and who can be counted iipon
to use good Judgment. -\. .:v,/;y..;j;;yu:s
. Billy . Delaney,;. Champion Jeffries', as
tute; manager, I leaves . to-day fon - Harb'n
Springs; accompanied' by, his wife and by
Mr. ..and- Mrs. Al ' Hall. ¦ If Jeffries- is
matched with Fitzsimmoris he wilNjoin
Ixlaney.at once at the Springs. l ;V-,
Tlm'Murphy, the. Australian boxer, did
not -have, to wait? long: for a match. He
has ; agreed - to meet : Young Gibbs before
,the. f AcmeGlub, Oakland; on the night of
May, 6. The boxers v/ill weigh in at:154
pounds. This r will give Murphy quite a
pull iinrthe {weights, as Gibbs Is at -his
best at' 144 pounds.'y Murphy .will do 1 , his
training at i the * Hayes Valley;. Club; while
Gibbs .will l work ; out near the Park. '¦' .
•- This seems ' likely to stir up ' a , conflict r
Billy : Itelaney Off for Harbini
"Danny"'Maher (American) took the
first race, -the Tattenham platej on Lady
Help,' ¦ and V scored again by : winning the
Westminster' plate on Mrs. • Langtry's
Tenax-,lilly\ The. -Great Metropolitan
stakes, handicap, of 1000 sovereigns,- for
'three-year-olds ¦. and 'I upward, . about ¦¦ two
and a half miles, was won- by Congratula
tion. Servitor was second- and Black Sand
third \ >; - -'v •:¦::.: ¦>---.
¦¦.- LONDON/April 22.— The opening day of
the spring meeting at "Epsom to-day was
socially more important than usual, ow
ing to the presence of King Edward, who
was attended by a small party of intimate
friends. TheTnelds were fairly ' large and
the sport. was generally of a good char
acter. ¦ ¦ '¦ l ¦. ,-'. •.-¦-• ¦ .: ... . . ,
King Edward Sees Danny Maher Cap
\ ture the .Tottenham Plate With
L. • Lady Help. . '. •
AMERICAN JOCKEY \WINS
; AT EPSOM MEETING
First race — Hi -Noc-Ker, Anthra
cite, Catherine Bravo. ¦;<¦'>-&:
Second race— Maresa, Dollie Weith
off, February. > : £>\ "'%'&£?.;%.
Third race — Alsono, Bell Reed,
Honiton.
Fourth race— Meehanus, Constella
tor, Sister Jeannie.
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
THE "getaway" season now In pro
gress at Oakland is productive of
many wild and startling tips.
Some . come through, others do
not.
Ned Dennis and Annie Max both caught
a quiet play yesterday at odds of 15 and
20 to 1 and delivered the coin. Further
down the line Matin Bell did the same
thing, only at a shorter quotation. The
only; two favorites to score were Dollle
"Welthoff and Tizona, and they were not
pronounced ones. The fields were again
large and difficult to handle at the post.
El Pilar was installed favorite over the
big bunch starting in the opening seven
furlong selling affair, and was beaten In
a drive by Ned Dennis, a 20 to 1 shot.
Fogg bad the mount on the last named
entry, and getting away! well to a strag
gling start never lost the lead. First Shot
came from the rear, taking show honors.
Ten three-year-old fillies furnished the
next betting affair, lining up 'for a flve
furlong sprint. Nonie closed a mild fa
vorite, and after getting away badly
failed to show any speed. After Knock
ings had shown the way into, the stretch
Annie Max, a 12 to 1 shot, piloted by
Prior, strode to the front, winning easily
from EsternelL Third place fell to Hal
xnetta.-. . •- ¦"¦¦¦¦ .--'¦¦
A very ordinary lot of two-year-olds
contested for the third nurse, the distance
being a half-mile. On the strength of her
win the day before Amoruna ruled a stout
favorite. Troxler did not get the filly
away frcm the barrier well and was never
prominent.. See on Clarinette, a 6 to 1
Bhot, slipped his- company, winning all
the-way. J. H. Bennett stood a drive
gamely, taking second place from Tom
Mitchell.
Jocky Johnny Hoar landed the Futurity
course sprint with Dollle Weithoff. a luke
warm IS to 5 choice. The mare assumed
the front position before the stretch was
reached and, ridden out, finished nearly
two lengths before Mike Rice, against
which 20 to 1 was laid. Katie Walcott
lost the show to The Miller by a neck
Chinn & Forsythe's filly Matin Bell had
a big following when it came to bettln*
time on the mile selling event. Her odds
were cut -from 6 to 4, and after getting
away from the barrier eleventh threaded
her way to the front, scoring easily from
Dawson, a 10 to 1 outsider. Quadra the
favorite, piloted by • Bill Knapp., gave It
up after showing in a prominent position
to the stretch. . .
Almost any one of the eleven starters
Jn the concluding eeven-furlong run
looked to possess a chance, and there was
no decided favorite. With the result In
doubt almost to the paddock, Tizona, with
See up, there forged ahead,- leading out
Windward a neck, Billy Moore ran third
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:- : .
First race— Seven furlongs; Belling;^ four
j-eai-olds and upward.- ¦ . '. ....
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 22.—
Captain J. C. McCaughern of the varsity
track team' was unanimously re-electeu at
a meeting of : the varsity track men' to
day. ' His. re-election meets 'with ..the, ap
proval, of the athletes as well' as the.stu
dent.body generally. It is thought that
under his captaincy and ; "Dad" VMoul
ton's coaching and training Stanford will
be, able to turn out a winning track team
next spring. ¦:¦¦:. . , . •• : \ .¦ ..
Captain McCaughern . is an all-round
track' man,, but has confined himself to
the sprints since entering Stanford. : ' He
ha3 a. record' of :512-5 seconds- for* the
quarterrmile run;- 10 1-5 for/ the hundred
yard dash; 21 feet 7 inches for the Abroad
jump,: and: last Saturday he., broke the
coast record , for the 220-yard dash;,cov
ering the distance in 22 seconds flat.
Captain McCaughern Re-elected.
Batteries— Willis and .KIttredge; Sparks and
Yeager. ; Umpire — O'Day.
. CHICAGO,- April 22.— Rain stopped the St.
Louis-Chicago game in the last half of the third
inning, with the score 1 to 0 in favor of Chl
caeo. \ ' ¦ .' '
Catcher Zalousky was to-day > released to the
Minneapolis club. • ¦•-_ \
Philadelphia ............:...•....¦ 4
."• Batteries — Kitson • and- Ahearn; Felix and
JacUlltsch. Umpire- — Brown. •
. NEW YORK/ >Aprll 22.— Boston won from
New York through timely batting on the. part of
the Boston "men and the inability, of the New
Yorks to solve the pitching ot Willis. Attend
ance 6C00. .The score: '*'~"\\
• Clubs—- R. H. ." E.
Bostqji ........ ] 7 11 2
New^Tork. ..'...;... ..'...... 3 7 o
Batteries — Leever and Zimmer; Stimmel and
Bergen. Umpire — Cantlllon. • ¦ ¦ •
PHILADELPHIA, April 22.— There was an
element. of luck In Philadelphia's victory over
Brooklyn . to-day. • Felix kept the visitors' hits
scattered and the errors of- the ' home club were
not damaging. Attendance 2570. The score:
Clubs—. '..•:. R. H. ; E.
Brooklyn ....... ..'...... ......... 1 9 2
Last Year's National League Cham
pions Win First Game on the "
Home Grounds. ;L • *¦»
PITTSBURG. ¦¦•April 22.— Before the largest
crowd ever assembled to see a ball game in this
city, -the champions opened the season here to
day by defeating Cincinnati in a close game.
Attendance 13,750. Score: -•...¦
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburgh.....; .*„; 4 13 1
Cincinnati 3 8 iQ*'!
FITTSBUBa BALL TEAM \
ATTRACTS A* BIG CEOWD
Among those who ."attended the run
were President F. A. Hyde, C. A. Haw
kins, George H. Whitney, George P.
Moore and C. M. Gardner.' On ar
rival at Cliff House President \F. A.
Hyde stated he had received a communi
cation from a Denver man who desires to
get the sanction- of the club to hold an
automobile exhibition in San Francisco
In June. The matter was discussed and it
was decided the club should take up the
matter if there seems,' on investigation,
to be a reasonable j prospect of . the. expo?
sition proving interesting . to automobil
ists and the general public.
President F. A. Hyde said the next out
ing will take place on a Sunday
or public holiday in May. - A steam
er will be chartered to convey the auto
mobiles to Tiburon; whence a run will be
made over the new boulevard to San Raf
ael. , After luncheon the automobllists
will proceed to Sausalito, where they will
go aboard the steamer and return to San
Francisco. '"/¦.••' \
From the Cliff House the automobllists
returned as, they, pleased, arriving at the
city' about 10:15 p., m. !'.->':';
CHAUFFEURS RUN TO
CLIFF BY MOONLIGHT
Hext Outing of Automobile Club Will
Be to Tiburon and Over-£h.e •;
"New Boulevard.
Ten self-propelled carriages made the
run to Cliff House last night, R. C. Len
nle acting as pacemaker. The rendezvous
was at the corner of Golden \ Ga"te and
Van Ness avenues, at 7:30 p. m., but it
was S o'clock before the signal to start
was' given.
Sixth race — One mile and one hundred yards;
selling; three-year-olds and upward.
3626 Bob Palmer.. 108 3620 Constable .... 93
-3020 H. Thatcher.. J12 3«38 Maraschino .. 1W
3628 Disturber ....112 3(322 El Mldo .....1J2
3035 Boardman ...112 3275 Kastalne 110
3628 Loyal S 108 (3632) Expedient ...112
TM122 Merops 112 3632 Rasp ....... 1CS
3022 Klckumbob ..112 ¦'¦ ¦ ¦„
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth; sell-
Ing; four-year-olds and .upward. .
(3594)Obia 07 3597 Antolee ..'./. 101
3589 The Fretter..lO4 .".(US Rio Shannon. 104
(359C)Ada N..* 101 (361U)LlmelIght ....101
(3615)Eonlc ........ 08
Fourth -race — Six furlongs; the Shasta
Springs Handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward. ...;. ¦-."..
(3573)Frank BoH ..113|(3617)Sollnus ..':.. .100
S6.T3 Meehanus ....103 1 3621 Constellator ..110
3C3S John Boggs .. 001 3608 Sister Jeanle.105
3008 Headwater . ..103 1 3621 Dlvlna . .100
3503 Cuban Girl . . 00 1 3585 S. of Tarsus.. 103
Third race — Four and' a half furlongs;
purse; two- year-olds. • ¦ - - . ::-¦¦
(3613)Alsono ......115 3618 Bell Reed .... 118
3582 Cliverso 100 3590 Honlton .....110
3613 Gavlota 110 3079 The Owl -..:-.: 106
3582 The Fog .' 106 3613 Nervator ... .106
3607 Deutchland ..113'
3632 Anthracite ...103 3615 La Borgia ...10!)
3(526 Elmer L 111 3631 Intrada 106
3031 Road Agent.. 108 31«2 Haralamb ..:iO8
3478 Cath. Bravo. .10'J 3583 Hl-Noc-Ker .111.
3009 Frank Duffy.. Ill 3(523 Royal Prize.. HI
3586 Ping Ill 3031 Sailor 108
85C7 Morelllto ....114 3C20 Matilda O ...106
Second race — Six furlongs; . selling; . four
rear-olds and upward. ....'¦¦ ..
(3C20)The Scot 103 3601 R. de Cuba.. .104
3610 Golden Light. 106 3442 Barnato ......106
3392 Formero . ...lOT. 3638 Marlneuse ...100
3610 Silver Fizz . :l04 3503 Jerid .... 106
3625 February 110 3634 Straggler ....115
.'1149 Gold Finder ..1<« (3C38)Dol. WelthofflOl
3U31 Novla . 101 3014 Maresa ....... 104
SC26 Gawalne ....103
MAYOR SCHMITZ will formally
open the sixth annual bench
show of the San Francisco
Kennel Club this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at Mechanics' Pa
vilion. . i .
His Honor the Mayor will . have the
pleasure of opening the most notable ex-
hlbltlon of, blood dogs ever seen in the
West; Tvhe representative kennels
throughout '* the country, have sent their
choicest specimens of various breeds, the
result being an imposing array of former
prize-winners.
Although the formal opening of the ex
hibition will not take place until this aft
ernoon,-'the judging will commence this
as Superintendent 'Walter B. Fawcett of
Reliance Athletic.,. Club, Oakland, has
matched two of the colored lighters for
a fifteen-round tout, also on • May 6.
"Bud" King, whohas made'something of
a sensation In Denver, ; has been signed
to light Rufe Turner, of Stockton. "Kid"
Parker Is behind King. He promises that
if Turner whips King he will fight Turr
ner at the Reliance Club at any. time dur
,ing May. There will .be a ten-round pre-
I'liminary between Joe Neallng and Frank
George. . .^ • . .
If the streetcars fail to run this after
noon the show management will make
arrangements with the 'bus drivers, un
der, which visitors will be taken to the
show free of charge.
of the building:' the valuable " collection of
silver trophies and an exhibition of In
dian blankets, baskets and sporting goods
will interest visitors. ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, WEDNESI)AY, 23, 1902.
Judging Will Commence This Morning ? With Sporty Fox Terriers,
but Mayor ScHmitz Will Formally Open the- Exhibition. With a
Brief Address This Afternoon— Kennels Gayly; Decorated
KENNEL CLUB'S SIXTH ANNUAL SHOW
OPENS TO-DAY IN THE PAVILION
8
¦ „ ¦ . • .. •
/"^T^^V. • * t>s over- l° ac led; that's what's the
ff\ i<^ni/"" — /^^ matter, aria if this boy don't get a
\4 V^S Cascaret he'll be a sick boy all
/-^ tfcy**' JpTV over * Too much of a good thing!
#^~ NV ~jlL 5Ja([/Ji \>v That 's what we are all liable to
rOV&^*n 7 5-S take - Grown up, sensible people
j^^SSL^^J I v w^l sometimes do it and make
/fikk »\ themselves sick. "In time of peace
\ prepare for war," and have about
L\ \ C^r^^Ljy^^^^^J^ house a pleasant, perfect,
-t^gfr palatable, positive medicine, for
¦ •^f V^' : ¦ "'sour stomach, sick headache,
• colic, winds, belching, biliousness,
furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation7bad breath, bad taste, all liable
to result from ove'r-indulgence in the good things of life. Cascarets
'Candy Cathartic are what 1 you want. Eat and drink what and as
much as you .pleased A tablet after a, big meal will prevent sick-
ness, or a tabret at night before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let you get up clear as a bell,
ready for business or pleasure.
'/TTiNaAk a4m Best for the Bowels. All druggists, ioc, asc. w:. Never meAA In Kntv
'¦ lilllli " Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. * tax
Poor little Sick StomachPETITION . IN INSOLVENCY.— Frank Laf
franchl, a farmer and dairyman - of Bollnas.
filed a petition In Insolvency yesterday In the
United' States District Court.' He owes ST53
and has . $ 32 assets. -
WILL v CONDUCT : ¦ TAVERN.— The Techau
Tavern •, Company, was- Incorporated ; yesterday
with a capital stock of $250,000. The directors,
each of ; whom, have subscribed $200.; are JT.iR.
Turner, 'J.. Seeley. H. Cohen, .John Barneson
and J: H. ; Bennett: ¦ >
¦ CORDELIA, .' April . 21. — The cherry, crop v in
Green .Valley promises to exceed . that of pre
vious years. The output this season will reach
25.000 bo*es' on, three. ranches. The 'first ship
ment will be made about May 6. - -
'OREGON CITY. April 22.--AH employes of
the Oregon > City. Woolen Mills, numbering more
than 300. are now out and the mills have been
closed. .The weavers , ask ¦ for an increase- of 1
cent a yard.; ;: : :", . ¦',: ; ;
SANTA ROSA. April 22.^-W. B. Hum
bert, a business man of this ctly, passed
away In Colfax Monday. News of his
death was -received here with profound
eorrow. .Mr. ' Humbert . was' formerly
owner of the Santa Rosa. Woolen Mill a.
The body will be shipped -to -San Francis
co and there incinerated.
W.B., Humbert.
; PHOENIX. A. T., April 22.-At a meet-
Ing of stockholders of • the South 1 , Blsbee
Company to-day .forty-six . mining.- claims
near the Copper Queen property were
sold to Gordon R. Campbell of ; Calumet,
Mich., for $1,200,000— $150,000 - in ¦ cash • and
the balance within two years. It • is be
lieved that Campbell, represents the Cal
umet and Hecla Company.
Forty-six Mining Claims\Sold.
Ernest 'Meyer, a window cleaner, fell
from the second .. story of a building at
the corner* of Valencia . and Eighteenth
streets yesterday ¦ forenoon . and received
injuries which resulted in his death at the
City and County Hospital. The Coroner
took charge of the body. ' - ;
Window Cleaner Is Killed by a Fail.
OAKLAND, ApYil 22.— Licenses to mar
ry were Issued, to-day to Harvey P." Tra
vers, aged over 21, and Mary Grace Bres
lln, over; 18, both of Oakland: Julius
Tirpo, 22, Emeryville." and Amelia Solar!,
16, Oakland: Michael J. Lally. 26, and
Catherine A. Kane, 20, both of San Fran
clsco.T . .-. .' ' I- '¦-¦ ' ¦
Licensed to Marry.
'.. '. +i :¦< • ¦: - : ' OCEAN STEAMERS." '.,
. NEW YORK— Sailed April 22— StmrTaurlc,
for Liverpool; stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse
for Bremen; I stmr Pennsylvania, for Hamburg,
¦Via 1 '" Plymouth and 'Cherbourg. "•" - •
- Arrived : April 23— Stmr' Hohenzollern, from
Genoa, Naples.- Gibraltar and Azores.,- -
.NAPLES — Arrived < April - 22— Stmr ; Lljruria,
from ' New > York, foe Genoa. " ..
PORT . TOWNSEND— Sailed April 22— Schr
Bansor, I from Port Ludlow, . for ¦¦ San Ptdro; ,
stmr - Rainier, from Seattle, • for ) New i What
°- PORTLAND— Sailed April 22— Stmr Geo W
Elder, for. San Francisco; Chilean bktn Akata,
for , Tslnjtau. . : :' .„,-. ¦ .\ -. • =¦• .. ,
DOMESTIC PORT.
' V- Tuesday, -April 22. ,
• Stmr: Santa" Crus, Nicholson, 00 hours. from
Newport .an<V way -ports.;-. ....
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
' An. unknown Italian' is detained at the
Emergency Hospital pending 'removal to
an ¦ insane asylum. He was arrested , u\
the 'corner, of; Greenwich .and Mason
streets last Friday, but no one has come
forward to . identify him. The Commis
sioners of Insanity have adjudged him in
sane,, but do not wish to send him to the
asylum until after he Is Identified.
Unknown Insane Man.
May Change Inauguration Day. L
WASHINGTON, April 22— The question
of changing the date of inauguration of
the President from March 4 to -the" last
Thursday in April was considered to-day
by the House Committee on Judiciary
but action was deferred until next Thurs
day. Representative Shafroth urged the
committee -to recommend an' amendment
providing that - the first session of . Con
gress shall convene in January following
the election of members and the second
sesslbn in.Januaryof the.followlng year.-
Shafroth contended that the .convening
of Congress. In regular session thirteen
months after election, as now provided
by law, is a travesty on popular govern
ment." : ',. •¦¦•¦-..-¦ • , ';
POINT ARENA, April 22.— Ed Olson
met an accident yesterday morning,
which deprived him of his left arm. Ol
sen was employed in the basement-of the
Greenwood. Lumber' Mill plant. He was
standing close to the machinery, whenhia
left arm became entangled. in a revolving
sprocket. The arm was cut off just above
the elbow, and carried to- the upper floor
by the belting. Companions .of the in
jured man stanched the flow of blood as
best they could and hurried, the Injured
man to the hospital. '; Not long agoOlsen
met an accident, In the mill, which neces
sitated the amputation of all the flnger3
of the right hand. . • ¦¦ ",
Loses Arm in Machinery.
'//; v' General', Egbert Viele. '».«¦. t. ».
NEW YORK, April^22.-<5eneraf Egbert
Viele died suddenly at his home In: this
city to-day, aged 78 years. General
Viele was graduated from West Point Jn
1847. served in the Mexican war and re
signed from the army in 1850. From' 1854
to 1856 he was State Engineer . of New
Jersey. -He was chief engineer of Cen
tral Park; New York. In 1856. .. General
Viele served in the Civil war " and was
made a brigadier general of volunteers
In 1861. He was a member of Congress
from 1885 to 1887/
Daniel C. Bailey.
SAN JOSE, April 22l— The funeral of
Daniel C. Bailey; a pioneer of this city,
took place to-day, under the.' auspices of
the Masons. Mr. Bailey was a native of
Maine and 72 years of age. He. was one
of the best known" men in the city/ having
been postmaster for' a term, land having
filled several of. the city and county
offices, ' - •- • ' •¦ r ¦ - \~ r-
? The graduate chapter of Phi Gamma
Delta held Its annual banquet last night
In the Merchants' Club. Members from
all over the coast were in attendance and
many speeches were made. Those who
responded to toasta were: H. M. Wright
Bryan Bell, W. H. Houston, Lloyd Bald
win, O. Dibble. B. P. Upham, I. I. Brown
and A. A. Moore Jr. Ralph L. Hathorn
acted as toastmaster. . ..?-»i^
Phi. Gamma Delta Eanquet.
SEATTLE, April' 22.— To extradite Dav
id Thompson, wanted in Fifeshire,' Scot
land, on complaint of his father for the
alleged embezzlement 6f ' £15,000. Unlt»d
States Commissioner Kief er sent the nec
essary papers to Washington: to-day.
Thompson is in the county jail. He ap
peared'.'during i the- morning before the
commissioner. Thompson, it is said,, took
about- one-third of the sum \from his
father. and the remainder from a build
ing and loan association of which he was
manager... .¦.;:¦.¦•¦--• ¦ , . .... ¦/
Accused of Robbing His Father.
PASADENA,. April 22.— Philip Sanger, a
wealthy business man of Dallas, Tex.,
died here to-day of pleurisy, aged 60
years. Sanger and his family arrived
here a few days ago, and his illness was
of brief duration. - .
Philip Sang-er.
We have Just received a large stock of
the new "Century" Cameras. Come and
see them. Catalogues free of charge!
Films, plates, paper, printing and devel
oping. The best of everything and the
lowest prices in the city. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market St. . •
Photographic Supplies.
SAN JOSE, April 22.— Archie McDonald,
an employe of the Sunset Telephone* Com
pany of this city, fell unconscious" on the
street shortly before midnight. It was
supposed the man, was intoxicated and
he was taken to the police station. in the
patrol wagon. He was In a very weak
ened condition and as the officers 'were
searching him he fell unconscious. It
was then realized the man was not drunk
but dying, and a physician was sum
moned. McDonald expired shortly 1 after.
McDonald came here a short time ago
from San Francisco. He * was about " 28
years of age. He had a ¦¦ sister, Carrie
McDonald, residing in San Francisco. It
is the opinion of the city, physician. that
the man died ' from hemorrhage- of the
brain. ;¦'';-,/•'
Falls Dying on a Street.;
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— Moses : S.
Springer, one of the best known tele
graph operators west of Chicago, died in
this city to-night.
. SAX JOSE. April 22.— President Woods
of the California Cured Fruit Association
has named May 20, 1902, as the date of the
nominating convention, to be held in this
city. The annual meeting, at which the
fiction will occur, is called for June 4,
IS02.
Cured Fruit Association Election. '
VICTORIA, B. C., April 22.— Hongkong
papers arriving to-day contain a report
to the effect that a syndicate headed. by
J. P. Morgan has applied to the Chinese
Government for permission to build a
railway from Peking to Chang Kai. .
MORGAN. MAY CARRY HIS
OPERATIONS INTO CHINA
VICTORIA, B. \ C, April 22.-Oriental
advices arriving to-day contain the fol
lowing: . A. Boxer chief. was killed .while
endeavoring to stop a train by his •prac
tices near Tientsin. He stood before an
approaching r train going through : gym
nastics, . and - the engineer brought his
train to a stop to save the man's life.
The chief • then called attention to the
fact that by his spiritual powers he was
able to stop the "foreign nrewheel cart."
The same thinfir was attempted the next
day, but the engineer. ran the man down
and cut him to pieces.
MISPLACED CONFIDENCE -
KILLS A BOXER CHIEF
THE DAY'S DEAD,
. LONDON", April 22.— The Westminster
Gazette this afternoon says it hears there
is a suggestion of the formation of a new
Fhipping combination, with the Cunard
line aa a nucleus to fight the Morgan
combination. Thus far, however, the pa
per adds, the matter hardly appears to
have got beyond the realm of talk. It
Is said in some quarters, according to the
Westminster Gazette, that tentative pour
parlers in this direction have actually
been opened, but the paper's informant
considered that it was more likely to end
in absorption of the companies of the
concern by the Morgans than In the
formation of an antagonistic organiza
tion. .. .
STEAMSHIP FIRMS
MAY FIGHT MORGAN
Rabbi Myers Speaks* of the Je-w
Faith, and Largo Choir Ben
ders Music.
Bush-street Temple was crowded ta
doors yesterday morning by devout l
snipers celebrating- the feast of the P
over. Rabbi Solomon, assisted by, a 11
choir, conducted the services. . Bj
Myers,- pastor of the temple, delivered
sermon. His text was. "The Survlva
the Fivtest." He spoke at length of '•
Jewish faith and said that the Jet
church was the only one that has J
ccrsf uily maintained itself undivided
the reason that it' possesses the
Bible. . - - ¦¦ ¦-.-«
-In "the evening special services 1
held for. the children. The devotion, w>
Is known as the sayder service, was j
attended.
Commissioner Barrett Is Honore
The board of directors of the Chan
of Commerce tendered a receptioi
Commissioner John- Barrett at the 1
chants' Club' yesterday. The affair'
wholly Informal, although : matters n
Ing to commerce with the Orient.'
discussed at length. In addition .to
guest of honor those present were Ge
A. Newhall. Secretary E. Scott; R
Jennings. A. B. Field. G. W. McNear
C. H. Bentley, W. L. Grestle and "VI
Dutton. .'. v. .. * . . •?
VIENNA, April 22.— Leopold Stein has been
arrpsted here on information received from the
New York police, charged with attempting to
abduct a Viennese girl. Stein formerly lived in
New York, where he married a Miss Ullrick
two yearn ago. and subsequently deserted her.
DENVER, Colo., , April 22. — Frank Cheatly,
John S. Barboro, David Mosconi and Charles
McParMn. promoters of the . rabblt-courstng
meet held Rt Union Park, In this city, on March
22, were to-day found guilty, of cruelty to-anl
male by a Jury in the Criminal Court. .;•:.'
ARDMORE. I. T.. April 22. — Ex-Governor
William Byrd of Stonewall has been nominated
by the Progressive Indian party for Governor
of the Chlckasaw Nation. The National party
had already nominated ex-Governor Palmer
Mosely. . . -. .. . ,1 ¦¦ . ¦" '
HULLA, Quebec, April 22. — The house and
•table of Thomas Hill caught fire, to-day, pre
sumably from a stroke of lightning. His. vlfe
and three children and a man named John Wat
son were burned to death. - . »_
CAIRO, Egypt, April 22.— British troops -are
held in readiness to proceed to the Soudan, ow
ing to the fact that trouble is threatening in
that part of Egypt. , :
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Dr. John P. Sullivan, Dr. S. J. Gardiner,
Dr. L. D. Baclgalupl, "Miss Louise Cos
gro, August Moebes, Lieutenant Price,
Officer* James 5 D. SKelly and R. L. Ing
ham, Dr.' Chester Woolsey, F. J. Egan,
Mrs. Elizabeth Broeske, Alfred H. Ben
ning, William Ritchie. and A. Frederick.
The physicians testified as to the nature
of the wounds received by Robinson.
Benning and Ritchie gave testimony re
garding the presence of the suspected
murderers on the car of the San Mateo
line on the night of the murder., The most
important witness remaining to be exam
ined is- Officer Taylor, who Is on his way
to Grants Pass, Oregon, to secure Richard
Jackson, alias "Yellow," another suspect
who was arrested a few.days ago. . Tay
lor'was* with Robinson the night he was
murdered* ! Had Taylor given his testi
mony before the Grand Jury before leav
ing, the indictments would have been pre
pared immediately: As it is they will be
delayed but- a few days.;
The Grand -Jury examined several wit
nesses yesterday with a view to bringing
Indictments against the thugs who mur
dered Policeman Eugene Robinson Janu
ary 21 last. , The purpose of the. indict
ments is to get the cases into the Super
ior, Court so that there will be no delay
In trying the defendants. The following
named witnesses were before the jury:
The Ladies' Protection and Relief So
ciety, through its trustees, has purchased
from Louis Levin a building on the north
line of Geary street, 137:6 feet west from
Van Ness avenue,, to be removed to the
society's lot at Post street and Van Ness
avenue. Mr. Levin will at once erect
upon his Geary street lot five fine flats,
three on the front and -two-on the back,
the cost of which will be $16,000.
A' deed was placed on record yesterday
conveying to Samuel Knight the Francis
Livingston ..property on the north
side of Sutter street, 12,3 feet, west
of Sansome, the consideration being
$285,000. This will be something of a sur
prise, "as the purchaser .was generally
supposed when news of the sale was
made public to be Charles Holbrook. The
property has a frontage of 122 feet and a
depth of 137:6 feet. The improvements on
the lot consist of a four-.story brick build-
Ing, that brings in' $19,000 per annum from
rents. The brokers were Baldwin &
Howell. ,,
Marion Leventritt has bought the north
east corner of Post and Taylor streets
for $105,000 from the Congregation Sherith
Israel, subject to approval by the court.
On the lot is the synagogue of the,con
gregation. The trustees have approved of
the sale and the members of the congre
gation favor it. The* lot is 105 feet on
Post street and 97:6 feet on Taylor street.
A. J. Rich & Co. are the brokers.
Subject to the Approval of
the Court. >
Lot and Synagogue Find New Owner,
INDICTMENTS IN STORE ' ¦
FOB, ROBINSON'S SLAYERS
SHERITH ISBAEL SELLS
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY
SEATTLE, April 22.— The United States
revenue cutter Bear arrived in port this
morning from San Francisco on her voy-,
age to the Arctic waters, where she will
serve the Government on many missions
until late in the fall. The Bear will first
carry a special Government agent to in
spect educational conditions among . the
Indians and look after the affairs gener
ally of -the natives of Alaska. The cutter
will then go to Fox Island, where a large
tract has been leased by private persons
for the industry of propagating ; blue
foxes for their pelts. After an inspection
of the islands is made the vessel will pro
ceed toward the Siberian coast, there: to
secure a herd of 400 reindeer. • • These will
be taken to St. Lawrence Island- to serve
as food and- clothing for the natives dur
ing the winters.' : - .
After landing the reindeer Captain Tut
tle will sail for waters in the neighbor
hood of Point Barrow to aid the whaling
fleet if necessary. When the last boats
are leaving Nome at the close of the nav
igation season the Bear will call at that
place and St. . Michael to . be on hand in
case of an emergency, such as lack of
accommodations on the part of. the mer
chant marine to carry persons who must
get outside . before winter. . Captain Tut
tle intends to follow the last of the mer-'
chant fleet from Nome, thus enabling him
to make a full report of the last sailings
from, Bering Sea before navigation is
closed ly.,ice. ' •¦ ¦ ¦ •,':..
Federal Graft Starts on
; a Complicated
Mission.
The speechmaking was concluded by
William T. Reid, who selected for his sub
ject the "Last Will of Cecil Rhodes." He
handled his subject In the most able man
ner. V-.v--;i . .-.-¦ ' ".
The British Consul delivered a very In
teresting address on Cecil Rhodes, tho
great empire builder of South Africa. In
the most entertaining manner he traced
the life of that famous man'-through ail
his adventurous career, and called atten
tion to his most prominent personal char
acteristics. .
Carl C. Plehn also spoke about' the
Philippines, but he dealt principally with
their commercial development. His speech
throughout showed that he entertained
great expectations' that the islands will
prove of great commercial importance to
the merchants of this country. He also
showed that the betterment-of the mate
rial welfare of the islanders will conduce
to tftelr moral and Intellectual advance
ment. - . •' -
General James F. Smith told about the
political situation In the-PhillppInes and
described the governing policy "which has
been adopted ¦ by ¦ the United States in
dealing with the natives. He said he was
convinced that under the enlightened su
pervision of this- country • the- islands of
the Orient had a most promising-future
before them. In speaking of the natives
General Smith said he, believed that they
will-develop into good and peaceful citi
zens.' '•'¦¦ "¦ ¦'¦ - : ¦".:?: .• - -
About one hundred members of the Uni
tarian Club and their invited guests gath
ereu around the bahquettable last night
in the Merchants' . Club rooms. The af
fair proved. to be one of ." the -most de
lightful as well as ' most; successful Jn the
history of the' club. -General James F.
Smith, Carl C'Plehn, William Reid and
Courtenay .Walter Bennett, the British
Consul, made short addresses. Their re
marks were on timely topics and were
both interesting and Instructive. '
Political Situation in the
Philippine Islands.
General James F. Smith. Describes tlie
UNITARIAN .CLUB GIVES
A DELIGHTFUL BANQUET
CUTTER BEAR'S
SUMMER CRUISE
Elaborating upon his argument in favor
of securing generous peace terms Ham
mond unfavorably compared Kruger's at
titude with General Lee's "Christian and
patriotic action." But he warned his
hearers to learn a lesson from another
chapter of the American Civil War by
avoiding the mistake of the American
statesmen who endeavored to govern the
Southern States by Northern office
holders, as a result of which many years
elapsed before the harm done by the "car
pet-baggers" was repaired.
Such a statement, coming from one who
in the same speech referred to his im
prisonment at Pretoria on account of his
nnti-Boer tendencies, produced a striking
effect.
Hammond explained the depth of and
reason for American sympathy with the
Boers, and he impressed his hearers with
Great Britain's total lack of effort to
counteract the pro-Boer sentiment In the
United States. With equal frankness he
urged that Great Britain be generous in
her demands. "Your American friends,"
he declared, "most earnestly hope that in
arranging- terms of peace wide liberality
will be shown to the Boers." . ....
LONDON. April 22.— "I must advise you
not to pay too much attention to the ex
iravugant expression of friendship of cer
tain well-meaning but discredited classes
called In America 'Anglomaniacs.'. "
These words were the keynote of a speech
made by John Hays Hammond, the
American engineer, to-night at a dinner
tjiven in honor of Hammond's return to
Kngiand.
COMPAHES KBUGEB- ... . - . : .
WITH GENEBAL LEE
It is said that there is no truth that the
United States Steel Corporation proposes
to change its charter from a financial or
holding company to an operating and
manufacturing concern. According to
a high, official of the corporation, this has
never been contemplated. .. ...
With the extra $50,000,000 deducted from
the bond issue the sizel corporation will
have more than SIOO.OJO.OOO working
capital.
: In addition., to ¦ -the plan . to retire $200,
000,OGi). of ..-.7, •per^'xerit., preferred stock » , and
issue $250,000,000 of 5 per cent bonds, the
circular will, it is expected, outline nu
merous improvements contemplated by
the operating-officials.- It is understood
that fully $25,000,000 to $30,000,000 of the
new capital will be devoted to moderniz
ing the plants of the constituent com
panies. . .„ . " . ¦
,j NEW .y'orK,- April 22^-It has been defl
nitely; decided 'bVlhe- r United.^ States Steel
Co'rporatlon.-to'lssue'a'Jcircular,' giving de-'
tails of: the -prtjpdsed-'bbnd.- issue next Sat
urday; or Mon'day'/v Copies of :jthe circulars
'ha^e Jbeien^afle^^
and final announcement ~ will "be made
simultaneously here' and abroad. , •;
' ACT^R' tra&S H^ ; -tVRiT*Bll A
j PLAY THAT v/ " IS- HIGHLY
¦ SPOKEN OF.
The following special programme .
been arranged for the entertainment
the many friends of the parlor, end j
Ikj under the direction of James E. Do
hue: .. . .
Overture, Klttler's Orchestra; remarks, 1
President Thomas E. Curran; - piano d
Misses" Helena Bredboff and Lilian Olsen;
script fve solo. "He Was a Native Son," Ja
E. Donahue; juvenile soubrette. " Miss : H
Ott; sosrano solo. Miss Cecelia Kittler; v
selections, Columbia Quartet, first tenor J
Flood, first bass James £. Donahue, . set
tenor George J. "Wallace, second bass J
Colgan; ragtime selections (piano). Will
McDevitt; vocal solo. Master Harry O"l
bass solo, selected, J. J. Colsan; tenor i
George D. Craig; Bohemian Banjo Quarte
selections; barytone solo, Luke Ayers, ace
panlst, George F. Keil. .
The following named constitute
committees in charge of the affair: |
Arrangementss — Robert J. "Walsh. "WllHair
Eccles, George W. Gerhard. Thomas E. i
ran, Joseph P. McAuliffe. Joseph Doraa. H-
J. Mahony, George W. C. Kittler and Ge
Emerton. , . ' '
Reception—Walter A. SmfthV Samuel
Altken. Thomas Sulltvan, Frank J. Bray,
ward Copeland. William McMahon. Peter
hardt, David iT. Ahem. J. M. Letiecb
Dr. J. H. Graves. ¦¦ • ".
Floor^ — William "W. Eccles (manager). 3
riaon Keene (assistant manager), Frank Bn
R. J. Hurston. Henry A. Reid. John A. t
foy, be Guy Simpson, Joseph Cereghino, J:
Melady' and E. C. de Saarr Jr.
¦¦- -: ¦ ? ¦ -,
SOLEMN SERVICES AT 'JUg
BXTSH-STREET TEMI
Popular Branch of the Native S-:
" Order to Give Its Annual
Ball.
Dolores Parlor No. 203, Native Sons
the Golden West, will hold its second
nual entertainment and ball at . Miss
Parlor Hall, Seventeenth street, ab
Valencia,- next Saturday" evening. -- : ~<
DOLOKZS PABLOB WXLI.
ENTEBTAIlir ITS FBIEN
Steel 'Corporation is Soon
.] to Mal&EublicIts y
USING MILLIONS
IN IMPROVEMENTS
WOODLAND, April 22.— The board of direct
ors of the Fortieth District Agricultural Asso
ciation has reorganized -by electing John .Keith
Jr., president. Samuel Montgomery, vice presi
dent, C. W. Thomas, secretary, and T. B. Gib
son, treasurer. " The district fair win be held
during the week prior to the opening oi ' the
State Fair.
SAN JOSE. April 22.— Mrs. Nora O'Brien,
mother of George O'Brien, the boy who met
death on the 17th of March by coming in con
tact with a. live electric wire on Tenth street,
has sued the Electric Improvement Company
and the San Jose Light and Power Company
for $30,000 damages. " - - •
SEATTIU2, April 22. — The steamer Meteor
wan libeled for $15,550 by the Pacific Coast
Company In the United States District Court.
The Pacific Coast Company claims that the
Meteor collided with its steamship, the City of
l*v'fcbla, while the latter was moored to the
Northern Pacific dock at Tacoma.
FRESNO. April 22.— At a special meet
ing of the Bricklayers' Union of this city,
held to-night, resolutions of sympathy for
the striking streetcar men in San Fran
cisco were adopted. The bricklayers
pledge their moral and financial support.
REDDING; ¦ April 22. — In eix ' weeks a light
draught steam launch will be running oh Sac
ramento River, between Red Bluff and Red
ding, to carry freight and passengers. If the
trial Crip proves' successful'the projector o£;the
enterprise will put on more launches.
MOXTERET, April 22.— E. P.. (Bailey of
Soledad has just received $4000 for' a carload
of Angora coats, recently shipped to Ridge
fleld, Connecticut. The goats are to be put. on
some of the abandoned, farms of . Connecticut
as an experiment. , . .. » ' .
VICTORIA. B. C. April 22.— United States
Consul Smith has been Informed by the As
sistant Secretary of the Treasury that'Cana
dian vessels will not be allowed to trade be
t*7e*>ii Dawson and the Koyokuk River dis
trict.
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— Louis Neudecker
was klhed by an electric car at Seventh and
Spring streets shortly after mlanlght. >'eu
decker was a cook by trade and about 40 years
old. , • ¦
SACRAMENTO. April 22.— Robert Bunscond.
an old man. fell from a barn at FrankUn last
night, striking: on" the back of his head. He
died this morning. . ..._¦;'
SACRAMENTO, April 22.— A freight train
was wrecked one mile east of Cape Horn" at
9:40 o'clock this morning. Six loaded ' i cars
left the track. . " :
SAXTA ANA, April 22. — George W. Cheney,
a pioneer resident of-Tustln, died there to-day.
ALONG THE COAST
Considerable doubt as to the identity of
the man was caused by the fact that in
his cap was the name S. Hughee," while
one of his shirts bore the name of J.
OConnell, printed with a stencil.
A man supposed to be James Barry,
about 55 years of age, anS said to be a
tailor in the United States Navy, was
iound in an unconscious condition last
night in a room in the building at 105
New Montgomery street, corner of Mis
sion. Word was sent to the police, and
the ambulance from the Central Emer
gency Hospital was sent for. When it ar
rived the unconscious man was In a dy
ing condition.
According to the statements of the two |
men and a woman who were in the room. !
where the hospital attaches found him,
be stumbled into the room,- claiming that ,
he had taken a dose of whisky and opium, ',
and then became unconscious. The occu
pants of the room claimed to know noth
ing about him. The case looked very pe
culiar, and the police were notified. De
tectives were detailed to investigate the
matter. v ¦ *,
Inmates That He Had Been
Poisoned With Opium.
Stumbles Into a Boom and Informs
ELDEBXY SAILOR FOUND
IN A DYING CONDITION
The • converition%;buiWlng.. . seating i 8600
people, was filled soon after tlfe veterans
were: called- to-order by- General K. M.
Van-Zandt,- president of the Texas.'. Vet
erans. . Chaplain j young: delivered the . in
vocation-and*-General • Jdseph;; X>.» Sayera,-;
on . twehatf" of-' Texas? .jweJconifeeTi; the-j visi^
tcrs.i Among"-- thqse '.oji * the,'.' stage '¦.were
Judge Johtf -vH_";Regan, the pnly; surviving
memJber''of.*'xh'5^ r 'Davis ijSablnet.'rand c M1ga
Lucy7 IJee'Hftl, 61 Chicago, "Hie''sponsor
in-chief of the United Confederate. Vet
erans. .'"V-: 1 •. •¦•.-/.«¦:.: :;•-.' . =.?' ;,• ¦ • ' ;: ''!';
At 11:15 p. m. Commander-in Chief Gor
don arrived. Thousands of people lined
the streets'* during : the afternoon 1 --' and
witnessed the arrival of the KaHph. The
Kallph and - his •:, gorgeous subjects, fol
lowed by carriages -containing General
Gordon and other distinguished veterans;
Governor Heard of Louisiana and Gov
ernor Sayers of Texas, by bands and mil
itiamen and trumpeters, proceeded
through the streets to the official review
ing stand near the postofflce, where May
or Cabell, in a grotesquely sober speech
deferentially presented an immense gild
ed key to "His Majesty." 'i'he Kallph in
turn handed the key to General Gordon,
thus giving to that veteran th« suzer
ainty of the city. . ,
DALLAS, Tex.,' April 22.— With the Con
federate reunion officially twelve hours
old, it is estimated to-night that there
are 125,000 visitors in Dallas. It is esti
mated that there were 80,000 visitors at
the camp in the fair grounds to-day. An
additional influx of visitors is expected
to-morrow, the attraction being the Kal
iphs' parade. An immense crowd was
present. to-night. at the. ball given _at the
camp, by the. Sons of^Veterans.' .ij.-*.^. • ...
With J'th'e^muslc.Q'f .many bands , ; and
cheers -f roim Jthoy sands of V throats,".. the
twelfth annual reunion, began . at "the
dit6rium*at : the fair grpundsb-noyf calieu";
Camp -Albert' Sydney •¦•••'Johnston.: ..While;
thousands*;<ff "Visitors 1 dtdrrrot - leave jthe
bustnes's veection % of vthe ; city [the .tents.: of
Camp" Johnson, '^twei :mfles distant, *iWere
crowaedVr-The"- great -mess shed, 'seating
12,000, was : opened this morning,-, An army '
of cooks and waiters .worked like beavers
while- the. veterans,, with 1 . a hunger born (
of 'a might ,jn the open aUv.did. their best
in an- endeavor" to- keep. the. cooks: busy.!;
Tea, coffee --And .-milk -by: the "^barrel;'
beans, ;-meat;. hardtack and .accessories
by the "wagon-load,? disappeared in' mar
velous fashfon.' • .-*:-:•'¦¦ >?-w.,.y^- <¦ '- , ,-;
Thousands of ; Noted
Confederates Meet •
in Dallas.^; >< :
This suit is brought for the condemna
tion of a thirty-foot strip of land through
a ranch of 160 acres belonging to the de
lendants for the purpose of erecting a
pole and wire line for the transmission
of electricity. The case was previously
tried last November before Judge E. Li.
Ham ot the Napa County Superior Court.
'i tie jury In that trial assessed the dam
age of the strip of land sought to be
taken at $45 and found that the remainder
of the tract of land through which the
pole line ran had depreciated in market
value thereby to the extent of $567. The
defendants were awarded damages in
these sums. The plaintiffs moved for a
new trial, and the motion was taken un
der advisement. Subsequently Judge Bur
nett made an order letting the plaintiffs
into possession of the land sought to be
condemned upon payment to the clerk of
$1000 to cover damages and costs, pending
the actions. This money was deposited
and the pole line completed between Napa
and Petaluma in order that the current
might be transmitted to the southern part
of Sonoma County and into Marin
t-'ounty.
On February 1 of this year an opinion
was handed down by Judge Ham granting
the plaintiffs a new trial. The court held
that the damages assessed by the jury
were excessive, and that they were as
sessed against a great preponderance of
evidence. He ordered the verdict set
aside End granted a new trial.
SANTA ROSA. April 22.— The con
demnation suit of the California Central
Gas and Electric Company against Caro
line Fine and others occupied the atten
tion of Judge Burnett and a Jury in De
partment 2 of the Superior Court to-day.
The morning was spent, in obtaining a
jury, and in the afternoon the introduc
tion of testimony was begun. Tills will
consume several days.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
/ » ¦„¦¦ .»>,-.
Chief of Detectives John Seymour
more anxious than ever to locate Charlt
B: Hadley, the missing bookkeeper ar
accountant of the Examiner. Handwri
Ing Expert T. Kytka has Tarnished hi
with additional proofs' of the similarity <
the handwriting- of the mysteriou3 C. J
Hawkins and that of Hadley.
Captain Seymour is extremely averse •
discussing some features of the ca
which seem to connect Hadley with tl
disappearance and subsequent murder ¦
Nora Fuller. He has several of his be
men at work and they are working too
and nail to ferret out the deep myste
surrounding the case. Tiie police are co
vlnceu that when they find Charles
Hadley they will at least have locat
a man who will have to explain aw;
several peculiar circumstances whi>
they say- point strongly to his guilt. _
Mrs. Dixon, the woman with who
Hadley lived In this city, has becor
rather reluctant to discuss the Inform
tion which she gave the police and up>
which they place considerable dependeu
in working up their clews. It is general
believed by those who are interested
the solution of the mystery that she n
furnished Captain Seymour with _otn
important facts about the missing Exai
ir.er man, which are being withheld f
the present, and that the police ha
cautioned her to retain an absolute :
lence as to certain matters concern!
Hadley, which they hope will eventua
result In either exonerating him from st
picion or fastening the responsibility 1
the crime upon his shoulders. The lnx
woman is being kept in close touch wt
the police department. Captain Seymo
and bis detectives are convinced to
there is something back of Hadley's mj
terious disappearance, and they intend
get .to the bottom of it if possible. •
the'morning after the body o*' Nora F;
ler was found in the house of mystery
Sutter street the Examiner published
story of the brutal crime, in which it w
openly stated that the perpetrator w
known and that the police were alrea
on his track. This paper was leff
Hadley In tne bathroom of the hot
where he lived with Mrs. Dixon only
few hours before he disappeared.
Handwriting Expert Kytka has exa,
ined a specimen of Hadley's initl
written by him shortly before he . disi
peared and which was reproduced ¦ in ,'
Examiner on last Sunday. These initl
Kytka has compared with those wh*
the mysterious Hawkins hastily scribb
on the mattress which Salesman Sc*
sold him at Cavanaugh's store I on M
sion street. * Kytka has absolutely no h
itancy in saying- that the specimen initi
"C. .B. H." which- were published in •
Examiner as a sample of Hadley's w:
ing were written by the same man v
bougnt the bed upon which Nora Fu!
was strangled.
Detectives Archie Hamlll and T
Gibson are working on the case.
SACRAMENTO. April 22.— Hereafter it
will be extremely bad form to die in Sac
ramento in time to be burled on a Sun
day. The clergymen, undertakers and
backmen have practically come to an
agreement to discourage the holding of
Sabbath funerals, and at the next meet-
Ing of the Ministerial Union it Is expected
the • clergymen will pass formal resolu
tions in accordance with this purpose.
Rev. A. B.- Banks, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, expressed the sentiment
prevailing among the pastors when he
said to-day:
"I am decidedly in favor of the proposed
change. Sunday is a very busy. day with
a minister, by reason of his church ser
vices, Sunday-school and meetings of
young people." . -
Rev. C. L'. Mlel, rector offst. Paul's
Church, said he had often been called
upon to officiate at three or four funerals
on a Sunday after his church services.
The leading three undertakers of the
city have rallied to the support of the
clergy, saying that while they cannot
absolutely decline to bury a person on a
Sunday still they desire to aid In dis
couraging the fashion. .
The hackdrivers are standing in with
their friends, the ministers and under
takers, while on the other hand the lodge
men of the city are considerably worked
up in their opposition - to the - departure.
Jacob. Alexander., deputy grand chief
ranger of the Foresters of America, said
to-day: "" -v - "" ,
"I do not speak for the Foresters as. an
organization, but my opinion is that. this
and all other fraternal orders would pre
fer that funerals be held on Sundays
whenever possible. Members are fined for
non-attendance .upon the , funeral of a
brother member, and by having the
funeral on a Sunday members can attend
without loss of time from their work.
If the funeral be held on a week day a
member will have to lose half a days
work or pay his- fine for non-attendance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wakefleld Baker,. William J. Brady, Charles
Bundschu. Henry J. Crocker. W. - J. Dutton,
Thomas Klrkpatrick, P. N. LHienthal. H. D.
Loveland, George Stone, W. S. Wood, Charles
N. Felton. W. Frank Pierce. William Barr,
Douglas S. Cone. E. C. Hart. ¦ Alien B. Lem
mon, .W. M. Cutter. J. W. McKlnley. Walter
F. Parker, J. S.. Slausson and C S. Hardy.
• The duty of framing the call for the
next Republican State Convention will da
volve upon the foregoing executive com
mittee, and it remains to' be determined
whether, the Gage scheme to appoint del
egates in certain counties will . be toler
ated. The committee may be forced to
yield to . Gage dictation-, ¦ but there are
several - stalwart • Republicans In the list
who will fight to the finish on the propo
sition that the people must hay© a voice
In the election : of delegates. :.'
That the said State Convention shall consist
Of 6S2 delegates, AND ALL OF SAID DELE
GATES MUST BE ELECTED AT A PRIMARY
ELECTION to be held in each county of the
State on Tuesday, 1 August 14. 1900, and in ac
cordance with the provisions of the laws of
this State. . . .-•• '.' - -' ;. J t >
i- The executive committee , which framed
this call consisted of: ¦• ' • =.; :
: W. M. Cutter, secretary of ; the Repub
lican State -Central -Cdmmittee; : - holds to
the view that a resolution- directing that
all delegates shall be chosen by primary
electlon will 1 be adopted. , The committee
that issued the call for the Republican
State Convention at Santa Cruz, August
28, 1900, to select nine Presidential Electors
is still in power. The call for that con
vention contained this provision.
Republican j State Committee.
. Several weeks ago The Call gave the
alarm that ! Gage's gang would attempt
to pack the convention with appointed
delegates. Subsequent events have justi
fied the note • of warning. In Tuolumn*
and Calaveras the appointing game will
be tried. There may be fairness and
firmness enough in the executive body of
the Republican State Central Committee
to provide In the official call for the con
vention that delegates must be chosen at
a primary election. -The law is mandatory
so far as twelve cities of the State ate
concerned. Delegates • to represent San-
Francisco, Los Angeles, Oakland, San
Jose, Sacramento, San Diego, Stockton,
Pasadena, Vallejo. Berkeley, Alamedd
and Fresno must be chosen, in 1 th^ man
ner directed by the primary election law.
Proxies are not recognized by the law.
For instance, if -Henry C Dibble- fails of
election In the Forty-first District he will
be compelled to go to some county', where
the primary law does not prevail' to ob
tain a proxy. The law also includes Sac
ramento/ hence if Grove Johnson fails of
election in that city he will be obliged to
go elsewhere fora proxy.
The Gage programme is to : pack .tHe
nominating convention with ' the Bulls,
Dibbles and Pendletons and trust to their
fine work of - manipulation for favorable
results. •; > ; >-»> • - -.:.
Trying to Pack the Convention.
The Humboldt County delegation to the
Republican State Convention has been
promised to Gage. The bargain provides
that' the goods shall be delivered to the
machine manipulators by J. C. Bull, the
county boss, and S. A. Campbell, Col
lector of Customs at Eureka. The "pro
gramme also provides that no primary
election shall be held, but that the dele
gates shall be appointed by the county
committee. It Is now up to the Repub
lican citizens of Humboldt County to de
cide whether the Gage political machine
or the voters of that county shall select
the men to represent Humboldt In the
State Convention. The persistent claim
of the machine gang that Humboldt was
solid for Gage has excited the suspicion
that raw work of some kind was in con
templation. If the scheme to appoint del
egates named .by Bull and Campbell is
carried out the splendid Republican ma
jority in Humboldt County will be greatly
diminished. :
Kytka Says He Is the Ma
Who Purchased the
Mattress.
Official Call- for the Conven
tion May Upset the
Programme.
Undertakers and Hackmen
Support and Lodges Op
pose the Pastors.
Electric Line for Which It- Is
Needed Is Already in
Operation.
Ranch.
Suit for R : ght of Way
Across a Sonoma
£rusade by Sacramento
Clergymen/Making
Progress.
Captain Seymour Trying
to Locate Missing
Accountant.
Bull - Campbell . Machine
Is Ready to Appoint
Delegates.
Actor Well Known to Patrons of Alcazar, and
Central Theaters Writes a Drama Which
Promises .Reward of Greater Laurels
FAMED FIGHTERS
HOLD REUNION
The story follows . the history of the
times dating from the fall of Sedan,, and
its scenes are laid In London, Chiselhurst,
Paris and Africa. The latter placets
where the unfortunate prince met his
•death at the hands pt Zulus. - .
Emery undertook no easy task when. he
ventured to write a play which required
extensive historical . research, . and his
friends are congratulating him on the
success which the critics say will greet
his production.
i "The' Prince Imperial" is the story of
the life of Napoleon Eugene Louis, Prince
-Imperlal'Of France, son of Napoleon III.
As an attempt has not been made before
to depict on the stage the career of this
prince, whose tragic, fate forms an inter
esting chapter in. the history of the Bona
parte family. Emery!s play will.be appre
ciated by students of history and by, ad
mirers of the romantic drama.
¦t-^DWINT. EMERY, the actor who
I appeared at the Alcazar and Cen- 1
fl* tral Theaters in the role of lead
. » " -^ Ing juvenile, has a flight
into the more inviting and some
times more lucrative field of playwriting.
He .has: written a historical play entitled
"The Prince Imperial," which is said by
the critics to have considerable merit. As
to the correctness of the critics' judg
ment, the public will soon have occasion
to pass their opinion,, as Frederick Belas
co has promised an early production of
the play. He .Is of the opinion that it con
tains many of the elements that produce
success.
HUMBOLDT PLAN
COMES TO LIGHT
SUNDAY BURIALS
UNDER THE BAN
POLICE ANXIOUS
TO FIND HADLEY
COURT IS ASKED
TO AWARD LAND
EDWIN T. EMERY OF THE ALCAZAR
COURTS SUCCESS AS A PLAYWRIGHT
9
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APEIL 23, 1902.
POSTUM CEREAL.
"As soon as it could arrive from San
Francisco we had a large supply of Pos-
tum Food Coffee and began Us use at the
4 o'clock tea table. ¦ I cannot tell how pop-
ular the coffee table became for after-
noon callers. In fact, a number of the
business men, as well as missionaries,'
use Postum now wholly In place of tea,
and the value of the change from, coffee
and tea cannot b« estimated." Name
tiven by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
"When we arrived in Shanghai we were
in an English community, and found our-
Eelves in the midst of the 4 o'clock tea
custom. Before long we began to have
eleepless nights and nervous days as a
result of our endeavors to be amiable and
conform to custom.
4 A lady writes from Shanghai, China:
'In the summer of '98 husband and I were
traveling through Southern Europe, and
I was finally laid up In Rome with a slow
fever. -An American lady gave me some
Postum Food Coffee, which I began using
et once. It was my sole breakfast and
cupper. In a short time the change In
my physical condition was wonderful to
eee. I will never travel, again without
Postum. , •• -'¦ ¦¦ -' ,
Comes From Tea Drinking.
A CHINA HEAD
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Food -makes,, the home mod;
cation of milk easy.
Mellin'5
Food makes, milk agree wi
your baby.
Food makes firm fiesh a:
sound limbs.
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECT!*
¦-^ ,* ¦ " 32 or 33 Caliber, *
1 1 /> nAlnA «• SHKEVE & • BA*
Kevoiver^a^-i
'.'"' , fiend for Catalog!NEW FRENCH BARK WHICH ARRIVED IN PORT MONDAY WITH A SCURVY-STRICKEN CREW ABOARD.
HAVING CONSUMED NEARLY A YEAR'S TIME IN HER MAIDEN VOYAGE AROUND THE HORN FROM
CARDIFF. SOME. OF THE AFFLICTED SAILORS. '
Times and Heights of High and. Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and lew waters occur. at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
terday for Fremantle with the following cargo,
valued at $62,419: 15.680 ctls chevalier barley,
0027 lbs hops, 42G3 doors and 1.071.82V ft lum
ber. The vessel also carried 15,000 ft lumber
as dunnace.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
HIOGO— In port April 10— Br ship Palgrrave.
'HULL — In pert April 13 — Br ship Godlva,
for San Francisco, via Newcastle.
¦ PANTELLARI — Arrived April 21 — Br" stmr
Ping Suey; from Tacoma. for United .Kingdom.
chotera on board. *
, ACAPULCO— Sailed April 17— Stmr City ofV
Sydney, for Panama. April 20— Stmr San
Jose for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 21— Br ship Cel
tic Chief, for Puget Sound. >
ALGIER — Arrived April 17 — Br . stmr Spit
head, from New York, for Manila. .
HAMBURG — Arrived April. 21 — Br - ship
Onrsdale, from-Tacoma; Br bark Norma, from
Tacoma: ¦Br bark- East Indian, : from Oregon.
PENANG— Arrived -April '.21 — Br- stmr Shl
jnosa, from New York. - . -,
• ANTWERP— In oort Aorit 11 — Br bark Ven
tura for San Francisco.
HAMBURG — In Dort April 11 — Br ship Eu
dora, for San Francisco; Br ship May field, for
The Manufacturers* and Producers' As
sociation has sent out another appeal to
the Native Sons and Daughters to exert
themselves in promoting the interests of
the State during the coming great con
ventions. It is urged that well applied
efforts at this time will be productive of
the most beneficial results.
Makes Appeal to N. S. G. W.
Jennie S. Atkinson is suing the Mar
ket Street Railway Company to recover
J1C.100 damages, for injuries received
thiough the alleged carelessness of a con
ductor in starting a car before she was
safely on board.
Fiank de Cleer. filed a suit against the
Market Street Railway Company yester
day to recover $10,150 damages for per
sonal injuries received through falling
from a. car on the 13th inst.
Ask Damages for Personal Injuries.
The. Board of Public Works yesterday
awarded contracts for repavins Van Ness
avenue -from Bush to Pine streets with
bitumen ¦ to the Union Paving Company
for $6669 11. and for repaving Sutter street
between. Stockton street and Grant ave
nue to the same company, for $3000 84.
Bids were received for alterations and ad
ditions to the Hearst School and referred
to the Board of Education. The lowest
bid was from Newsom & McNeill, for
$9600. which is $11CO . over the estimates.
New bids may be invited. ,
Board Awards Street Contracts.
Malt-Nutrinc is unlike the many other
preparations with similar names. It is a
pure, strengthening, palatable malt tonic,
while others are simply a strong, dark
beer. Prepared only by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass* n.'. St." Louis, Uj. S. A.*
A Pure,. Strengthening Tonic.
Hans D"abis of 12S4 Pacific . street com
plained to the Board of Supervisors yes
terday that the water furnished by the
Spring Valley Water Company in his
neighborhood is dirty and ill-smelling,
and in addition the pressure is so low
that it is almost impossible to obtain the
necessary quantity for household pur
poses, Dabls asks if something cannot
be done to compel the company to furnish
its customers with sufficient water, for
which it collects its bills with great regu
larity.
Complains of the Water.
The Southern Pacific will run to-mor
row a personally conducted excursion up
the Napa Valley to Calistoga, returning
to Napa City for luncheon and carriage
drive of two hours. The train leaves San
Francisco at 9:30 a. m. and returns at 6:25
p. m. The whole expense, including lunch
and carriage drive, being but $3.80. '
A Pleasant Excursion.
The case of D. P. Mack, superintendent
of the Empire Laundry on Brannan street,
between Fifth and Sixth, charged with
assault with a deadly weapon, , was dis
missed by Judge Dunne yesterday on
motion of the District Attorney, who said
there was no evidence to convict. Mack
had a dispute with Smith Jones Glenville.
a washer in the laundry.; on December 30
because Glenville was under the influence
of liquor and was interfering with Mack's
duties. . Mack had a bucket in his hand
and struck Glenville on the head with it.
No Evidence to Convict.
¦'¦¦¦ For some time past United States In
ternal Revenue Agent Burt" M. Thomas
has been investigating the cases of cer
tain so-called social clubs which have'
been violating the internal revenue laws
by selling liquor without having paid the
special license tax. Several of the clubs
obeyed Agent Thomas' order and paid the
license tax, one exception being the West
End Social Club, of which the president
is James H. O'Brien, well known In pugil
istic circles, the treasurer Al Neill, the
prizefighter,- and the- secretary Frank
.Dougherty. This organization gave
weekly hops, together with the trimmings,
at the Temple Mall, 117 Ellis street. Upon
O'Brien's refusal to pay the tax begin
ning July 1, 1901, Agent Thomas swore to
a complaint yesterday before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock
charging O'Brien with an offense against
the internal revenue laws, and upon this
complaint O'Brien • was arrested by- the
United States Marshal and released on
$250 ball. Thomas stated yesterday that
each member of the club was responsible
for the tax, and that unless it were paid
promptly he would procure the arrest of
Treasurer Al Nelll and Secretary Frank
Dougherty. , The minimum penalty for the
offense is a fine of 5100, or imprisonment
for six months, and the maximum. Is a
fine of $1000, or imprisonment for two
years, or both such fine and imprison
ment.
The club has been giving weekly soirees
and selling liquor since last September.
Oflacers of West End Social
Club Brought Up With a
Round Turn.
Al Neill's Partner Ac
cused of Defrauding
Revenue.
O'BRIEN REFUSES
TO OBEY LAW
10
CAPTAIN OF THE FRENCH BARK OLIVIER
DE CLISSON TELLS STORY OF THE LONG TRIP
Says the Scurvy Which Killed ThfeeMen and Laid Low Most of the
Others Was Undoubtedly Caused by the Continued Use of
Condensed Water— Travels 22% Days Without Sighting a Ship
damaged in a collision at sea with the Mil
tiades. - .'
NEWS OF. THE OCEAN.
The French ship La Perouse is chartered for
wheat and barley to Europe at 23s 9d. ' •
The ship Shenandoah takes general cargo
to New York. •
The barkentine Archer and the bark Gerard
C. Tobey will load merchandise for Honolulu.
Shipment of Grain-
The British ship Dunstaffnage sailed yester
day for Liverpool with the following cargo:
1CO.C06 ctls wheat valued at 111,200, 9791
ctls barley valued, at $DSflO and 34 ca pampas
Plumes valued at ?l.".«0. The vessel carried
oS.OlH) ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $435.
FROM SEATTLE.
Time Ball.
Branch nydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. «_*»..
April 22. 1902.
, Itn- time ball was not dropped to-day.
W.'H. STANDLtT.
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. in chars*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
A Cargo for Australia.
Hie British ship Drummulr was cleared yea-
SAILORS from the French bark La
Perouse went aboard the Olivier
de Clisson vesterday morning and
furled the sails, work that was
too heavy for the remaining
trength cf the remnant of the French
oan's crew. The eight scurvy-stricken
ailoi-8 that are confined to their bunks
iere yesterday visited by a physician who
.opcs\vith the aid of wholesome food and
•uie water to have them well men in a
cry short time. Captain Bernard at
ributes the scurvy from which the second
fflcer and two sailors died to the use ol
omionsed water.
The C'-ivScr de Clisson looks very rusty
n the outside, but on board, both on deck
31 d below, sne.is clean and trim^ as a
acht, a concition unusual with veafls
5-iug the tiK-o.-.r of Fiance. In «»>tf of
heir ba.ti.lcs w,th scurvy the sailors ha\c
well fed look and ail Hands fairly bhlne
,ith cleanliness. They are very glad to
r- in po:t. and even the most sicKlv are
eginmng already to take an interest in
This is the CUsson's maiden voyage, and
1 rpite of her rusty sides and barnacle.
rmored bottom she is a trim >oo kl "S
ra.ft and under happier conditions should
c able to live down the record of her
aree hundred day passage from Cardiff
j San Francisco. i
Nobody on board the Olivier de Clisson
peaks £nglich, but Captain Bernard has
)!d the Ftoiy of the long voyage and a
•anshition of his report follows:
The Olivier op Clisson tailed from Cardiff,
me 2T>. 1'jOI, with il<At-> tons of coal aboard
id in lonmmr.d of t:aijlain Krancis L,onitKrt.
c-ordinc to tho :,tatcnicnt3 made by tlie
«c»- and confirmed by tho first and tlnrd
"iK-crs, Caiitain 1-ombcrt was in a chronic
•ndition of intoxication. This resulted in
ie 4^-vcre f.busp o f a!l hands and culminate-J
a cencral refusal of the trrew to iwrtorm
ity undpr their drunken niabter. The re
ij* 1 was accomnatiied by no show of violence,
it the men stood firm, and August * the s-hhi
cal into Cayenne. The owners in France
»tc- notified, .and ac-oeptinz as true the
t-nts of the men. relieved Captain Lambert
oni duty and placed Captain F. Bernard ir.
iminar.d.
V.> sailed from Cayrnnc t?pptember S and
ttfitd :h<? equator in the Atlantic November
• In 30 west. We encountered a heavy storm
ecomber •><, in which we lost five sails.
Uiusry 15 we vere south cf Cape Iloiti sail-
B t-outh. saw neither the Kalklands nor
at*n Island. We had lieht winds on oar
"•s'-nrly course around tht- Horn until Febru
-x- 2, when a stiff breeze favored us for a
ier tr^ll- From March 4 to March 15 a dead
1in prevailed. Wo crossed the equator In the
ic-ifie March IS in 106 west. Calms and light
rezes prevailed until April 17. when we
nx-k the v.-ind that brought us to port. We
thten tire Kara11or.es at 7 a. m. April -I and
lered tho harbor et S:l>5 j>. m.
f-curvy <1evclcj>fd among- the crew soon after
ivins Cayenne. The deaths therefrom were
ichej Helon, «gtd 41. ssaman, who died
irt-h 24: Louis Balerf. second officer, aped :{<>.
?d March Stf, and Jules C Masson. ased :-«.
iman, who die<] April 4. The efsht men
nr.ned to their bunks would have died shortly
«1 th? voyage Ijpfn protracted much lonster.
3"hr- shi;> was well stocked with provisions
«1 f think ihr long continued \x^e of con
psed water caused the scurvy. We saw no
»d between Cayenne and the Farallon?s.. and
ither £r>nke nor siffhted a single vessel dur
t tbt 2tT» days of the second chapter of our
is vpyagr.
Tho officers of the Olivier de Clisson are
plain C. F. Bernard. First Officer Jean
inif and Third Officer Ives Thomes.
ie boatswain was o^charffed at Cay
ne for mutinous conduct.
Still Smashing Records.
M Shenandoali, th« pride o r the American
rchant marine, is onw more in port. E-lie
ived on Monday night after a smart pas
¦e from Yokohama. She was thirty-two
f= making the trip, but did most of her
ling en the last.rig-ht days, when she reeled
knot* at the rate of :wtO *>very tw«?nty-four
irs. During the early part of the passage
it winds and calms prevailed, but the final
n» more thaji iuad" 1 up for lost time. The
tn«ndoah went fr.im New York tt Yokohama
I'?.' days. She left Sf»- York In company
li two "flash" ships, the Critlsh ship Brll
it and the American sh'i' Acme, both in
service of the Standard Oil Company and
h intent un reaching Yokohama first. The
nandoah beat the Acme by sixty-seven days
the Brilliant by thirty-seven days.
ctb^r Big: Steamship Is Launched.
he Pacific M«>ani I^a^srHtion Company h^s
word cf th» launching at Greenock.
March 22, of the Mexico, th« Fecond of the
¦ big Ffamships deFtined for the trade
Kf*n h»re nn4 \'alparaiso. The firrt, the
tama. v.as launched March R. The Victoria
<'allfornia will be launched Fliortly- They
; FlEf»r thip*. 4f>>» feet long. 52 feet beam
2» fomt deep, and have been specially de
ted for this trade
nsane "Woman Attempts Suicide
rr. Bpsfi" Isaacson of TilS Filbert etreet
pr<l into the bay iveterdaj morning from
Fgs ¦wharf. She was rescued by John
ks. ptrward of th* pllo«-V>oat America, and
H over to the police, who sent her to 1h»
tor Hospital. From tlxre Ehe was pent
the insanity ward at the Central Em»r
-y Hospital. Mrs. Isaacfon If th« mother
Ivp children and is paid to have been men-
I unbalanced since the birth of the young
seven weeks aro.
Sails To-Day for the Orient.
i<- stcflmchli) «7hina xsill Fail to-day for
3lulu and the Orient. Among the pa*-,
ers 'Till ' b«> M. F. Prosser of Honolulu,
came up on the I'hina and returns to his
id homf with a California bride. G. P.
ler returns lo Honolulu on the China. TTie
I John Barrett and private secretary will
.mting tho pasfcencerf.
Windjammers Sail.
i«> French bark Max. which f-ar.k the
mthip T\'al!a 1\'all8. Failed resterday for
•nFtexrn. In company xiith her were the
Iphehtp Dunrta-ffnage and th<» French bark
•rai. Fny for QuecnFtown and the five
tod schoomr %%¦. H. MarFlon for Honolulu.
Grain Shins in Collision.
«> Fr»"Tirh bark Edcuard Detaflle and the
sh MIItladeF havp arrived at Queens
from this port. The Detaille mas badly
THE SAN FBAKCISCQ CALL, WEDNESDAY, ;APRIL 23, 1902.
TO SAIL.
Tuesday, April 22.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka. ; •
Stmr Charles Nelson, Schage. Seattle'! and
Tacoma.' • ! •¦ • ' "•
-Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Htmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg. * •-'•
Stmr Emi)lre. Macgenn, Coos Bay. ¦ ¦
Rtmr Aberdeen. Hlgglns. Eureka.
• Br-shin Dunstaffnace. Forbes. Liverpool. : >
. Fr bark Max. Guillon. Queenstown. ¦
¦'Fr bark Gen Foy, Breuille, . Inswich. ';'.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
'.¦**'¦ Tuesday, April 22. •
Stmr Chas Nelson... Schaee, Seattle;- E-T
Krutse. . ' '• ¦ ' - •
St.mr Pomona. Shea, Eureka: Goodall. Per
kins & Co.' . . .
'. Stmr ' Columbia. Doran, Astoria;-- O R"&
N Co. ¦•¦• ¦ ' • ¦ -. ¦" ¦¦-•¦ •¦•¦•¦ .-¦: ¦
Br shin .¦ Drummulr, Armstrong, Fremantle;
J J Moore & Co. / .-
Br bark Inverclyde, Milne, .Grlmsby; E C
Hqrst.
Schr W H Marston. Curtis, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Tuesday, : April ; 22.
Stmr, Santa Paula, McGovern, 60 hours' from
Ventura; uo river direct..':.
Stmr Scotia. ,-Walvig, 18 hours from Rock
port. . ¦ - • ¦
Stmr Lakme, ,* Johnson, 1' 74 hours 'from As
toria. ¦ ," ¦¦-.. ¦ ; - :
Stmr 'Aberdeen, . Higglns, 43 hours ¦ from San
Pedro. , ' ¦ . • : ¦ -
• Stmr Crescent City, -Payne, 34' hours from
Crescent City. ¦'¦ ¦ .'
Stmr Gualala, Weber, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing- ' ' • • \ ..' \ ¦..-''
Stmr Whltesboro, OUen, v ¦> 14 -hours if rom
Greenwood. >
Stmr Edith, Hall, -hours from Seattle.
Stmr . Alcatraz. Carlson. , 14 hours from
Greenwood; up river direct. . ¦ • .'.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Ana, j Anderson. 06 hours from
Seattle. ' ¦
Stmr Edith, Hall, .09 hours from i Seattle. '
Ktmr- Eureka, Jessen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Nor- stmr Tellufi. Pedersen, 02 hours from
Coraox. ' . ••'.;• •»'-
Brljr W G Irwln, Garthley, 10 days. from
Roche Harbor, via Port Angeles 8 days.'
Schr Emma Claudlr.a. Mikkelson, 33 days
from Washington Island.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ¦ in the left
hand column and the successive tides, of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; th»
lourthtlme column gives the last tld» of th»
day. except when there are but threa tides, a*
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <— )
den precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted ' from the depth given by
the charts. . The plane of reference is tht mean
ot the lower low waters. - :
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 23
Sailed April 1&— Br stmr Hyson; for Seattle?
April C — Br ship Brodlck. Castle, for Victoria
SHIELDS— Arrived -April 20— Br bark Isa
bel " Browne, hence Nov 20. •
Sailed April 21— Fr bark , La Bruyere. for
San. Francisco. ¦.'¦ . : ¦" • - -
GRIMSBY— Arrived • April 20— Br ship Ra-
Jorn, hence Dec 4. ' ' ¦ '"••¦ •'•¦'.¦
: MANILA— Sailed » April 18 — Br -stmr Kin
tuck. ¦ for Liverpool. . • ' *'; . |
April 21 — U S stmr Buford ¦- returned - with
¦¦ Arrived Aoril 22— Jap atmr Iyo Maru; from
Hongkong; Br stmr Braemar. ¦ f rom Hongkong:
Br stmr Empress of China,- from Hongkong.
NAPLES— Arrived April 17— Br . stmr Den
biffhshlre,' from Tacoma. : -
VANCOUVER— Arrived April 22— Br stmr
EmDress of China, from Hongkonp
MAZATLAN — Sailed, Asrll 20— Stmr Cura
cao. • for San Francisco. , ¦ ¦ • .
SHANGHAI — Arrived April. .19 — Br stmr
Chinp Wo.-from Tacoma. ... ¦ . „ ¦ '..«
VICTORIA— Passed Aoril 21— Br stmr Vic
toria, hence Anrll 18. ¦ for Comox. ( ¦¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW. YORK— Arrived April 21— Br stmr In
dranl, from Manila; stmr Finance, from. Colon.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aurll 21— Stmr
Hawaiian, ; from : Honolulu. . • • '' •
BALTIMORE— Cleared April 21— Ship Paul
Revere, for San Francisco.- •_¦•"•'
ISA STERN ' PORTS.
SEATTLK^-Arrived April 22 — Schr Eric,
from San Pedro :,«tmr Humboldt, from Skag
way::US atmr Bear, hence April '16; etmr
Chlco, from 'Astoria. . . ¦ ~. * ¦
TACOMA— Arrived Aoril 22— Schr W F
Wltzeman.from San Pedro; stmr J S Klmball.
from Seattle. - ....
'ASTORIA — Sailed April 22— Ger ship Barm- 1
bek, . Tor Queenstown; Br ship Dovenby Hall,
for Queenstown. . •.! -.¦¦¦¦.;¦
• BAN DON.. Or — Arrived April .22— Schr On
ward, hence April 13. ¦ - .:•
PORT . KENYON— Arrived April 21— Stmr
Argo, hence- April 20. . -
COOS BAY— Arrived April 22— Stmr Alli
ance, hence Auril 18, via Eureka; etmr Sig
nal,, hence April 19.' . -¦ • -¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed , April 21— Schr
Dauntless, ' for: San Pedro.
Arrived Asril 22— Schr Defender, hence
April 13. - ¦-¦. . .
¦-. PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 22— Bark
Levl G Burgess, hence April 13, • ., .
Passed In April 22— Schr G W .Watson, from
San Pedro. ¦
Sailed April 22 — Schr Roy Somers, for' San
Francisco. . - ¦ . ' . , • ., •¦
Arrived. April 22 — Jap stmr Iyo Maru, from
Yokohama. - -
PORT LOS ;ANGELES — Sailed .April- 22 —
Stmr Panta Barbara, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived . April .22— Schr
Courtney • Ford.- hence April 0.'
Sailed April 22 — Schr. Roy Somers, for San
Francisco^ • •• , : - • — ¦ .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived AdHI 22 — Stmr Pasa
dena. from.Kureka; stmr Luella, frona Caspar;
stmr Homer, from Redondo. •
. Sailed April 22 — Stmrs Samoa and Bruns
wick and »chr Admiral, for • San Francisco;
schr Meteor, for Port Blakelev. . '¦¦¦
NEAH BAY— Passed out April 22— Stmr CHy
of Puebla, for San Francisco; Br ship Grenada,
for Queenstown.
Passed :in April 22— Br stmr Empress of
China, from Hongkong, for Vancouver.
PORT . LUDLOW— Sailed Aarll 22— Schr
Bansor,- for .San Pedro. ¦ ; • ',-
¦ TILLAMOOK— Sailfd April 1*2— Stmr W H
Kruger, for San Pedro. ,* . t ..
DOMESTIC PORTS,
LONDON, Feb 22— Fr bark Edouard De
taille, hence Dec 19, at Queenatown April 17,
and Br ship Militades. hence Dec 23.- tat
(Jueenstown April 18, have bfen In collision at
QueengtoTi-n. Former vessel damaged. Ex
tent of Injury to latter, if any, not known.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Feb 7, lat 56 S, Ion" 67 W— Br ship Routen
burn, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia. ; .
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS, April 22, 10 pm— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles, per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr, Western Home. Lembke, Coos Bay.
Schr W H Mareton, Curtis. Honolulu.
Schr Ida A, Campbell. Bodega. •:-;¦;.
Schr Free Trade, Fergeson. Coos Bay.
Sun rises '. 6:23
Sun sets 6:52
Moon rises 7:51 p. in.
» Time . Time 5 . Time Ttm«
•$ Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
Q L, W H W L. W H W
23 6:55 0.2 12:52 4.6 5:44 2.6 ....
H W L W H W L W •
24 0:0:i 5.3 «:ar. 0.2 1:39 4.4 8:19 2.8
25 0:30 6.1 7:i:{ 0.3 2:26 4.3 6:55 2.0
26 0:58 4.9 7:53 0.4 3:17 4.2 7:36 3.0
27 l:2fl 4.6 8:36 0.5 4:091 • 4.2 8:30 3.0
28 -2:00 4.4 9:20 0.7 4:T.7| 4.2 0:37 3.1
2» 2:4S| 4.2 10:10 0.9 5:45 4.3|10:52| 3.2
30. 3:52|'4.0 11:02 1.1 rt:30 4.51 1
Steamer.
From.
me.
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports...! Apr. 23
Sta. Barbara. 'Kan Pedro (Apr. 2.';
Asuncion ! Oyster Harbor Apr. ¦ 23
Phoenix IMrndocino City Apr. 23
San Jua.n. Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 2-5
Titania Nanalmo Apr. 2!
City of Puebl | Puget Sound Ports Apr. 24
Argyll.. i New York via Panama.).* it* 24
Spokane iSan Diego & Way Ports! Apr. 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena |Apr. 21
A:ro Eel River Ports |Apr. 24
Brunswick Pan Pedro .jApr. 24
Cogs Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports.JApr. 25
rt. W. Elder. . Portland ft Astoria. ...Apr. '«
Sequoia Gray? Harbor.. I Apr. 2'»
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.. Apr. 25
Pomona ;Kumboldt Apr. 25
Pro*?reso. .. ..| Seattle ..'. Apr. 26
ChehallF jt-an Pedro Apr. 20
Newburg Grays Harbor | Apr. 26
Australia Tnhtt! 'Apr. 2t»
Enterprise... Hllo |Apr. 27
Kureka Humboldt .' I Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Queen....... Puget Smind Ports Apr. 27
O. Llndauer. . Grays . Harbor . Apr. 27
KUtcofCal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 2S
Arab Hongkong via Hakodate Apr. 28
finntaCrui... | Newport & Way Ports.". Apr.' 20
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. .(Apr. 2a
KPlnlcr Seattle & New WhatcomlApr. 23
North Fork.. Humboldt. .......[Apr. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria ....I Apr: 30
Santa R'JFa. . San Di*eo &>Way Ports|May 1
Nippon Mam .'China & .Japan (May • 2 '
Umatilla iPu&et Sound Ports..... .May - 2
Steamer, j Destination. I Sail*. I Pier.,
Steamer.
Destination.
"" ™ — «^— »^— ¦— i Msv ! * •
• : . . April 23. | |
Mar.dalay.. Coqullle River I 2 ptn|Pier 2
North fork |Humbol<5t J12 mJFIer 2
Rival.. I... | Willapa Harbor j 4 pm|Pier z
China .China & Japan:...! 1 pmif'MSS
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor . ...| 5 pm|Pier .2
Columbia., i Astoria '& Portland 11 umiPler 2*
I April 24. I
R. Barbara, i Seattle direct 5 pmlPier °
Bruwswick. iHumbolrtt ..... 3 pm|Pier 28
r.uiens iHumboldt ... 9 am I Pier la
State Cal.. 'San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
fcanta Crnz.jXewport & Way Pts 0 amlPler 11
. | ¦• April 25. |
Argo Eel River- Porta. ... 12 mjPler 2
Phoenix... JMendocino City .... 3 pm Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 10 amifler i
Ut.-tuiu K... Golofnln Bay-Teller Pier — .
April 20. "\yri
Acme Siuslaw River. Pier 2
i?hfrhalis. .. Graye. Harbor 4 pm Pier
L*»in>« Aetcria &' Portland. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . l olnt AVena | '£ pm Pier 2
City Puebla Pupet Sound Portslll arn'lPier 9
Santa Ana. Seattle ft Tacoma, . 4 pm Pier °
April 27. .
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Of a 10 am Pier 13
Pomona...- Humboldt 1:30 n pier U
SanU Rosa g a n Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
April 2S. |
VPestport.. Bear Ilarbor 5 pm|Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am|Pier 11
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 amlPler 24
San Juan.. Panama «.- Way Pu 12 mlPMSS
. April 2f». -.¦'.'.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor. 5 pm Pier 2
Newburg.. Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier L'
Mar 1. i
Soncma.... Sydney & Way Pts 10 amiPier 7
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pmiPMSS
Argyll N. T. via Panama. 2 pmlPier 10
Qurc-n Puget Sound Ports 11 amjPler 9
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 9 amlPler 16
May 2. ;;|
Pomona... Humboldt ....... ..|l:30 pjPier 9
6t earner.
For.
| Sail*.
rVl-Kl Skagn-ay & 'Way Ports.tApr. 23
Vome City... Nome direct .jApr. Li
Bumboldt Skagway & Way Ports.|Apr. 24
Kxcelsior Pcoks Inlet it Way 2.">
Portlan«l..... Nome direct I Apr. '!'>
Dlrigo t-kajjway & Way Ports. Aj.r.
.My Seattle.. Skagtway & Way Ports. lApr. '28
Jeanle Nome direct (about) |Apr. -'9
"ottaze City, t-kagway *c Way 1'orts-iAyr. 30
6t earner.
For.
| Sail*.
rVl-Kl Skagn-ay & 'Way Ports.tApr. 23
Vome City... Nome direct .jApr. Li
Bumboldt Skagway & Way Ports.|Apr. 24
Kxcelsior Pcoks Inlet it Way 2.">
Portlan«l..... Nome direct I Apr. '!'>
Dlrigo t-kajjway & Way Ports. Aj.r.
.My Seattle.. Skagtway & Way Ports. lApr. '28
Jeanle Nome direct (about) |Apr. -'9
"ottaze City, t-kagway *c Way 1'orts-iAyr. 30
Steamer.
From.
me.
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports...! Apr. 23
Sta. Barbara. 'Kan Pedro (Apr. 2.';
Asuncion ! Oyster Harbor Apr. ¦ 23
Phoenix IMrndocino City Apr. 23
San Jua.n. Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 2-5
Titania Nanalmo Apr. 2!
City of Puebl | Puget Sound Ports Apr. 24
Argyll.. i New York via Panama.).* it* 24
Spokane iSan Diego & Way Ports! Apr. 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena |Apr. 21
A:ro Eel River Ports |Apr. 24
Brunswick Pan Pedro .jApr. 24
Cogs Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports.JApr. 25
rt. W. Elder. . Portland ft Astoria. ...Apr. '«
Sequoia Gray? Harbor.. I Apr. 2'»
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.. Apr. 25
Pomona ;Kumboldt Apr. 25
Pro*?reso. .. ..| Seattle ..'. Apr. 26
ChehallF jt-an Pedro Apr. 20
Newburg Grays Harbor | Apr. 26
Australia Tnhtt! 'Apr. 2t»
Enterprise... Hllo |Apr. 27
Kureka Humboldt .' I Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Queen....... Puget Smind Ports Apr. 27
O. Llndauer. . Grays . Harbor . Apr. 27
KUtcofCal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 2S
Arab Hongkong via Hakodate Apr. 28
finntaCrui... | Newport & Way Ports.". Apr.' 20
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. .(Apr. 2a
KPlnlcr Seattle & New WhatcomlApr. 23
North Fork.. Humboldt. .......[Apr. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria ....I Apr: 30
Santa R'JFa. . San Di*eo &>Way Ports|May 1
Nippon Mam .'China & .Japan (May • 2 '
Umatilla iPu&et Sound Ports..... .May - 2
Sun rises '. 6:23
Sun sets 6:52
Moon rises 7:51 p. in.
» Time . Time 5 . Time Ttm«
•$ Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
Q L, W H W L. W H W
23 6:55 0.2 12:52 4.6 5:44 2.6 ....
H W L W H W L W •
24 0:0:i 5.3 «:ar. 0.2 1:39 4.4 8:19 2.8
25 0:30 6.1 7:i:{ 0.3 2:26 4.3 6:55 2.0
26 0:58 4.9 7:53 0.4 3:17 4.2 7:36 3.0
27 l:2fl 4.6 8:36 0.5 4:091 • 4.2 8:30 3.0
28 -2:00 4.4 9:20 0.7 4:T.7| 4.2 0:37 3.1
2» 2:4S| 4.2 10:10 0.9 5:45 4.3|10:52| 3.2
30. 3:52|'4.0 11:02 1.1 rt:30 4.51 1
Steamer, j Destination. I Sail*. I Pier.,
Steamer.
Destination.
"" ™ — «^— »^— ¦— i Msv ! * •
• : . . April 23. | |
Mar.dalay.. Coqullle River I 2 ptn|Pier 2
North fork |Humbol<5t J12 mJFIer 2
Rival.. I... | Willapa Harbor j 4 pm|Pier z
China .China & Japan:...! 1 pmif'MSS
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor . ...| 5 pm|Pier .2
Columbia., i Astoria '& Portland 11 umiPler 2*
I April 24. I
R. Barbara, i Seattle direct 5 pmlPier °
Bruwswick. iHumbolrtt ..... 3 pm|Pier 28
r.uiens iHumboldt ... 9 am I Pier la
State Cal.. 'San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
fcanta Crnz.jXewport & Way Pts 0 amlPler 11
. | ¦• April 25. |
Argo Eel River- Porta. ... 12 mjPler 2
Phoenix... JMendocino City .... 3 pm Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 10 amifler i
Ut.-tuiu K... Golofnln Bay-Teller Pier — .
April 20. "\yri
Acme Siuslaw River. Pier 2
i?hfrhalis. .. Graye. Harbor 4 pm Pier
L*»in>« Aetcria &' Portland. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . l olnt AVena | '£ pm Pier 2
City Puebla Pupet Sound Portslll arn'lPier 9
Santa Ana. Seattle ft Tacoma, . 4 pm Pier °
April 27. .
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Of a 10 am Pier 13
Pomona...- Humboldt 1:30 n pier U
SanU Rosa g a n Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
April 2S. |
VPestport.. Bear Ilarbor 5 pm|Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am|Pier 11
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 amlPler 24
San Juan.. Panama «.- Way Pu 12 mlPMSS
. April 2f». -.¦'.'.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor. 5 pm Pier 2
Newburg.. Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier L'
Mar 1. i
Soncma.... Sydney & Way Pts 10 amiPier 7
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pmiPMSS
Argyll N. T. via Panama. 2 pmlPier 10
Qurc-n Puget Sound Ports 11 amjPler 9
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 9 amlPler 16
May 2. ;;|
Pomona... Humboldt ....... ..|l:30 pjPier 9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ohicaco
IN LESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Double Drawing-room Sleeplng-cara,
Buffet. Smoking and Library Cars,
with barber. Dining-cars— meals a la
carte. Dally Tourist Car Service at 6
p. m., and personally conducted excur-
sions every Wednesday and Friday at
8 a. m. from San Francisco. The beat
of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE ,
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coast
Palace Hotel San Francisc o
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sansmllto Ferry,
Commencing September 20, 1V01.
FROM SAN FRANCIbOO TO MILL. VALLET
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — «:65, 8:3O. •«::«). 11:00 «- m.,
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:16, *«:.t5. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS— For Mill Vnlley and Saoa
Rafael en Mon.'ays, Wednesdays and Saturday*
at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ¦ - . -„- •
SUNDAYS— *8:00, 8:00. •10:00. *U:30 «.m.
•1:15, 3:15. »4:45, 6:30. 9:30 p. m. /
Trains marked (•) run to Ban yuentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *6:25. 6.27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:19
a. m.. '12:25, 2:15. '3:35. 4:40. 5:S0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS '¦ on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and »:05 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. '8:00. »10:00. "11:45 a. m..
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45. »fl:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 853. 10:30
a. m.. 12:33, 2:45. 3:60. 5:10 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday a
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15.
3-30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m.
'¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week daya — Cazadero and way
* 1:4°5 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
Bt Fa°rfax. Sundays— 8:00. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30
a. ni, - '
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. - ¦
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
i Local LinVd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a »:11 p
" Fresno-.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:13 a 10.50 p
•• Hanford. 3:12p 3:2Tp 8:05a
if Visalia.. 3:30p 5:00a
" Bakcrslld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan.City 2:40a 7:30a
** Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. •
9:00 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cart acd
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
rurs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. . No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — ftil Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
HAII.WAY TEAVEIi.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
|rarr Follow
y-ytacx!*. Flap;
And Travel via the
WabashLine
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
BOSS CL CL.INE, P. C. P. Agt., Los An-
geles. Cal.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. Agt. St. Louis. Mo.
nOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry. Arrive ~»
San Fran. . Foot of Market St San Fran.
1:15*. *-» : ./ w »*»v'o«JJ- J6:65*.
»«r», Eu rnacte* to gu»»l« nd Xatan. tit*.
BttKOaiH, 631 JlARitl STSJtXT u4 SADBALTXO mtl
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train. - Rlva rt
(Main Line, Foot of Marfcet Street )
i«atk ~ fzov Apkil 20. 1302. — akhitj
7.00a Benicla, Sulsun, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 2'3§ F
7.00a VacaTllle, Winter*. Rumsey 7.65*
7.33a Martinez. S«n Bamon, Vallejo,
Napa. Callstbsa. Santa Kosa 6.2a?
8 00a DaTla.WcodIand. KnishU Landing-,
Marysvllle, Oroville -•-••••• 2|| F
8.00a Atlantic Kxpres»-O?den and East. 825a
8.00a Ni!esT"Lathrop, Stockton 7.25*
800a. Nlles, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterrnie 4.65*
8 30a Sha«ta Express— Davis. Williams
. (for Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.55F
8.30a San Jose. Livennore. Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Placervllie,
Marysville, Chlco, Red Bluff...;. 425r
8.30a Oakdale,Chlne»e,Sonora,Tuolumne
9.00a Vallejo.. 12.25*
8.00a Lo» Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton,Merced.
Raymond,FresnoandLosAnffelei 8-25A
930a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 765*
tiO.OCU Harvard. Xlles and Way SUtlons.tl2.55*
10 CO a The OTerland Ltmttea — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha, Chicago. 5.25*
ti-OOr Sacramento IMver Steamers tH.00*
iJOOr Benlcia. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marysvllle, Orovnle 10-554
3-30* IIayward,Xlles and "Way Stations.. 765*
4.00* Martinez,San Ramon, ValleJo.Xapa,
Calictogs. SanU Kosa 9 25*
400* Kiles. Llrermorr. Stockton. Lodi.. 12.25*
4.30* Hayward.Niles.San.lose.Ltrennjre t8 55*
4.30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare,
Bakenaeld, Sangus for banta
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
5.00* PortCosta,Tracy.Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
600* Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.25*
t5.30* Nlles Local 7 25a
6-00* Htyward. Nlles and San Jose 7-55a
tS.OOP Vallejo 1125a
6.00* Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver, •
Omiha, St. Lonla. Chicago 425*
7.00* San Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
¦ . . . and Way Stations. 11.25a
J7.00* Vallejo 7.55*
8.05* Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle. Redding. > I
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8 53\
19.10* Hay ward and X lies til -65 a
COASt LINE (5»rrow Oaoye).
(Foot of Market Street.)
$7.45* Santa Crux Excursion 18.05*
. 8.15a Newark. CenterTlUe. San Jose.
Felton. Boalder Creek, Santa
Crux and TV' » y Stations 5 50*
•t2.15* Ne-wsrk. Centervllle, San Jose.
NewiAlmaden. Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
. Way Stations ». 10 50*
4-15* NewsrS. SnnJosr, Los Gatos.../... +8 50*
M.I 6* SanJosr. Los Gatos. Santa Cruz... f850*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip S)
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 *.».
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — +6:00 J8:»
+9:05 10:00 A.M. 12 00 2-00 400 *.»¦
COAST LINE < Broad Uausej.
(Third anil Townaend Streets.)
8.10a ban Jose and >v ay Stations 6. 40*
t7 CO* San Jose and Way stations +800*
7.00a New Al-naden /4.10*
{7.15* Monterey Excursion 28-30*
8.00* Co.irt Line Limited — San Jose,
. Gilroy. Salinas, San Luis Oblspo.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz, .
Pacific Grove. Salinas. San Luts
Oblspo and Principal Intermedl-
' ate Stations 4-10*
10.30* San Jose and Way Stations 8 36*
11.30* San Jose and Way Stattons 9.46*
o1-30f San Jose and Way Stattons a7.00*
t2.45* San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Dei Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove +10.45A
3-SC* San Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations. . . . 7 JO*
M.16* San Jose and PTlncipal"Way Station* 630*
tS.OO* San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station* +9.00a
6.30* San Jose and PrtnclpalWay Stations 8-30*
6-30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
'. 7.00r New Orleans Express — San Lnls
Obl«po, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Deming. El Paso, New
Orleans and East 1C-3oa
«11.45* San Jose and Way Stations
." A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon.
" t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
» Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
» jodav nnlr.
Free trial packages, of a moat remark-
ablo remedy are being mailed to all who
•will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against tho mental and physi-
cal sufferings of lost manhood that the
Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. ' It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
in^ from youthful folly, premature loss
oVstrength and memory, weak back, va-
ricocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. -.. ,
The i remedy has a • peculiarly - grateful
efect of warmth. and> seems to act direct
to* the desired / location, . giving - strength
ano development just where it is needed.
It "cures all the ills and : troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has be,en an ' absolute suc-
cess in all cases.. Ao-equest to the State
Medical Institute, 328 Elektron building,
Kort Wayne, I nd., stating that you desire
one of; their free trial packages, -will be
complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirbus of reaching that great class ; of
men who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy.it is to be cured of
sexual' weakness when the r proper reme-
dies are employed. ; The Institute :¦ makes
no restrictions. /Any. man iwho writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
h plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear * of "embarrassment- or .pub-
licity. Readers' are, requested' to- write
without delay.^l&MggBBgigffi*' '
to AH Who Write.
Quickly Restores Lost Vigror
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekag-e Sent by Mall
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
NEW WESTERN; HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled .and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day:
$5 to $8 week; 38 to: $20 month. Free baths:
hot and cold water - every . room : fire grates In
every room: elevator runs all nlehc
f^*L Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL^JvB 6"O HEAKSV ST. Kstablished
HMP^S'" 1S34 for the treatment «f I'rlvBte
EFLLewraS? I>i»f«»es. Lost Manlio<Mi. Dehillt.r or
amgfi4*>^»dUpag-» wearitiRnn body an.l miiul an<l
Skl » Diseases. The Doctorcures wlit>n
!j«S^4SB«ottier« fail. Try him. rhargps low.
cnnriinlrrtl. Cull or write.
Dr. J. F. (JICBO.V, Man Francisco, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. Ca
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND N03T,! PACIF1*
RAILWAY COMPA5T.
Tlburon Ferrj-, Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. U:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30. 6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — l«tra>
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpa
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m. .«»•««'
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. to.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN H.4PABL TO SAX FIIAXCISCO.
WEEK DATa-e:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12U6, 3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdaya— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9U0. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:00. C:25 p. m. '
San Up?, fj^n] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | San " I w e«k
Days. [ daya. 1 Destination [ daya. j Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40ara
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. « :05pm 10:25am,
6:10pm 5:C0pm Santa Rosa. 7:J5pm g:20pm)
~~ " Fulton.
7 -20am ' Windsor, ' 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburs, 10:40am
Lytton,
-jj . Geygervllle.
3-30Dm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 : 30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
8:30pm 8:00am and Ulciah. 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am ¦ 10:40am 10:25an»
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 6:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma !» :15am SUOara
and . - t
¦ 6:10pm 8:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20prr>
7-3aaml'8:00^n>| ll0:4OamjlD:25am
. 3 :30pm I 6:C0pm| SebaatopoL I 7 :35pm I 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and. White Sulphur Springs: at Fultoa
tor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skagg* Sprinss: at Cloverdal*
for'-vhe Geysers; at ¦ Hopland for. Duncan
-Spring*. Highland Rprtnps, Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Barttett
Strings; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Sprinss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley'a. Cucknell's
Hanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle, Orr*s Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport, U»al
"W llllta, Laytonvllle. Cummins. Bell" a Springs.
-Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
, Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On . Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
btyond San Rafael - at half rates.
Ticket office. 65O Uarket street. Chronlci«
building." -. m i ft i ¦¦BBatiMN— »ii iwm iw^na
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. .
I Gen., Manager. G«n. Pasa. Alt.
irfgnatitre la on every box of the geanln*
native Bromo-QuinineTabieu
rcmedr that cure* a eoJd la one d*jr«
iSffl&im,
A uilliAT l:i^i<JKAiiVli. INVlGUXtA-
>i end Nervine.
ie m&tt wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
c lor i.hc- Orgar.s, for both sexes.
ie Mexican Remedy for Uti'aies of the Kid-
end Bladder, bells on Itz own merit*.
NAEKR. ALFS & BHUXE. Agents.
t Market et.. S. F. — <S«-nd for Circulars.)
BEST fiATCRAL LAXATIVE WATER. :.
No medicine in the ¦world •
can relievo j-ou of constipa-
tion and a;) disorders of the
Stomach and Liver like
Huayasfi Janos |
One-half glass taken on uris*
1 ins in the mornintr will jrire
such satisfying results that
tou will take no other rem-
; edy and be convinced that
I it will cure all forms of
Be care end GET H
! HunyadS Janos I
: I If yon simply ask for Q
Hunyadi water you may be R
imposed upon. rj
K)N'T BE" PERSUADEdI
to bit stesmLTts. S
KY <RE WORTHLESS 4KD OITEN IURMTLL. g
, : t
3AJA CALIFORNIA
amiana Bitters
the Rockies | prc^ |
if you go east via Denver and the Burlington !
a Route. Their snow-capped peaks are visible
almost all the way from Salt Lake City to Den- jj
ver. For 700 miles the grand panorama of the i
Rockies is unrolled before your eyes. |
Through sleepers, San Francisco to Chicago daily. ¦ ?
Through tourist sleepers, three times a week, Omaha. \
Chicago, Kansas City. St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east.
W. D. SANBORN, Genera! Agent. 631 Market Street, San Francisco, California.; situation; in Butter remains the . same.
Receipts aie' heavy,'.* and; the _ falling away of
the ; Eastern \ and Northern orders has thrown'
the . care of ,' the , surplus , on ; the hands of the
commission' merchants; who are In a quandary
:as^to how, to dispose of, it.' t. At 'present prices
they do ¦ not '• feel ; like ¦ packing , it, , yet V if ¦¦ they
do not it ; will probably - accumulate and prove
a :. troublesome ''burden. " ' Portland . and - Sacra-
THE COAST RECORD,
' Last This Last
Station* — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.00 '47.61 44. C9
Red Bluff 0.00 29.31 22. «8
Sacramento O.OO 10. m 17.50.
Pan Francisco, .. O.OO 17.40 18.99
. Fresno 0.00 fi.48 10. 39
Independence ... 0.00 4.29 5.«1
fi.m Luis OblRpo. 0.00 21. S3 27.87
1>j« Angeles 0.00 10.52 13.18
' San Diego 0.()0 6.11 10.66
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CS: minimum. 48; mean. 53.
Tie following maximum and minimum tem
pei^.ures were reported from Eastern etatlons:
Boston «0-52~KanEas City" . . . '. 82-"e«
Cincinnati Kr>-C& Duluth 38-32
Philadelphl 72-54 Omaha 84-4S
Jacksonville 75-54 j Chicago /. .84-04
Washington 7«-f>8,St Louis ... . 88-CS
New Tork 70-56 gait Lake City./.46-34
NEW TORK. April 22.-FLOUR-Receln(«
36,811 barrels; exports. 15.451 barreKS;
active and firm. "'
U WHEAT-Recelpts. 170,250 bUBhels; .teadv-
No. 2 red, :87%o elevator; No. 2 red. 88V C V
o.- b. afloat: No. 1 northern. 84V4o f o b
afloat.. On reports of good rains In the' South
west wheat had a fair break early, attended
by. general selling. But a heavy decrease in
Bradstreefs . world's stock and an official fn-1
cast of dry weather mi Kansas KorVow
aroused^the shorts and promoted a : vUroro?
rally. The close was firm. %@%c net (5Sn«£-
May, 80 7-lOS8l%c. closed at 8 0%c-jX
. HIDES— Quiet. , .
WOOL-^Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining 2 7-1(\o
centrifugal. 00 test. 3%c; molasses suicar 2U*'
refined, steady. . . . -. . . 5 ar ' "»°>
.COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No 7 involon
5 1-lflc; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@12c. Futu~«
closed ;. steady, net unchanged to 5 point*
higher. Total sales, 31,750 bags; May UaoJt
i 95: June, $5 05; July, $ S " 3; - September
$5 35; November, $5 CO; December. $5 55- Janl
uary, $5 CO. ¦ ' -. . ,
: • . DRIED FRUITS.
Firmness Is noted in the 'evaporated apple
market and a tendency toward 'higher < prices
State, common to good. 7©8%c; prime, 9%@
9%c: choice, 0%@10c; fancy, 10%@llc CalN
fornla dried fruits generally , quiet air through
the . list. -; Prunes, . steady, ¦ with some " jobbing
demand. Apricots well . held and some business
is reported - In- small lot*. Peaches- dull and
Nezv York Grain and Produce. I
Local stocks and bonda continued dull on th«
morning session, and prices showed no change.
¦On the. Oil .Exchange Sterling 'and' Sovereign;
were lower..under moderate selling. . „.•.. . -
The feeling wa» firmer In th« afternoon/ Oak- ¦
land Gas sold up to $60 50, Spring .Valley :
Water to $92 62%, and Oceanic Steamship t>
V>J 75. Alaska Packers declined to $159 30
and California Street Railroad sold at $173. "¦ *
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has i
declared "the regular quarterly dividend of It
per share payable* to-day. »
The Mount Diablo Oil Company's sale of de
linquent etnek has been postponed to May. 2. ;,
-The Home OH dividend' of 7%c per share.--j
amountinsr to ST.'CO. was payable April 21. - '-<-
The following quotations for the United Rail-"
naflj' of San Francisco . were received ywrter
day from New Tork by'Bolton, D«:Rnyter &
Co.: Common stock, $23@25 50; preferred,
$01 50<9«l 75; 4 per cent bonds. .,$90 50@92;
subscriptions. $10l\£7%@102J3.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. TUESDAY. April 22—2 p. m. V
. UNITED STATES BONDS. .. '
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.'
4s qr COUP..111HI12 4a qr c (new)13»Ul3fl%
4s qr rex... 111^111% 3s q? coup.,100%110 •
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A "W 5s. 00 . — Oc S3 Co 5s. — 100 ;
Bay CPC 5s.107% — Omnibus 6s.— —
Cal-st 5s....117 — Pao G Im 4s 96-1&100U
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk & CH 6s.lOT
Ed L & P Cs. ¦— — Pk & OR 6s.U7 120
Fer&C H «s. — 123 Pwl-»t R 6». — —
Geary-st 5s.— — Sac EGR 5s.102% —I
H C&S 5Vis. — — SF A SJV5S.121 —
Do 5s »7%1O1 Sierra Cal 6s — 115 v
L Am? R 5a.llSVallS).' S P of A 6s
L A L Co 69.103 105 (1009) ....113% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....114% —
¦ .•Do gtd. 5s.— .104% SP.of C6s ¦ , • ..-..^
Continued on "Page Thirtaeai
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON, .April 22.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury shows: Available
balances, $175,524,881; gold, $01,662/048
Condition of the Treasury.
Nezv York Money Market
NEW TORK, April 22.— Money on call firm
at 4@ 5 per cent; closing bid and asked, 4<Q5
Prime mercantile paper, 4@5% per cent. ' Ster
ling exchange, firm, with actual business in
b f n « k /w^ biI , Is at ,*J 87 ., % ® 4 87 % for demand and
at $4 85% for sixty days. Posted rates *4fi<
and $488%. Commercial bills. $4 84%@4 85U
Bar sliver, 51c. Mexican dollars 41c.
Government bonds, firm; State bonds, inact
ive; railroad bonds, irregular.- ' ,
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle >
CATTLE— Steers, 8 %@0c: Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per.lb.
CALVES — *%®3%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, '4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight).
; LAMBS — Suckling : Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%@Cc per lb Uvewelght; yearlings, 4^
@5c Der lb. ¦ • *
HOGS — Live 'Hogs, 200 lbs and under. «%©
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6%@8%c; feeders, 6%@
6%c; sows, 20 per. cent off;, boars,- 50 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations, j ; • .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July," 6c; Sari
Quenttn. 5.55c;, Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%®8c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 2-lb stand
ard,' 85c;- 'sifted, 05c; extra sifted, $1 10; petit
pols, v $1 25. ¦' Gallons— Standards, $3.75; extra
sifted; $4 25. Asparagus, per case, 2 dozen "cans
' to the case — Mammoth White, : $2 50®3 75;
Large White, $2@3 75; Medium White, $1 75®
2 C5: Small- White, $1 60; Mammoth Green.
$2 or.fi:: «5: Large Green,-- $2@2 90;>Medium
Green, $1 75@2 50: Small Green, $1 60.
¦CANNED FRUITS — The - California'. Fruit
Canners quote an follows, - In 2 %-lb tins:
Apples,' $1 35@1 55; - Apricots, $1 25®I,50;
•Peaches, yellow, $1 40@l U5: do. Lemon Cling,
$1 60©l 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 HOiil'lS; Plums,
$1 10@l 30;; Nectarines, $1 23(§1 00; Muscat
Grapes, $1 lf.<Rl 35; Quinces. $1 30@l 55;
Strawberries, $1 50@l 75; Blackberries, Si 400
1 60.' -^ . -
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9:' Seattle. $rt 50: Bryant. SO 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $3 50: Greta, $8; -WalU
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ;. Welsh' Anthra
cite, $U; Cannel," $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton;
according -to brand. - .. . . .
; CORDAGE — The local cordage . - company
quotes as follows: - Pure Manila. ' 16%c per lb:
-Sisal slz», 12%c;- Bale Rope. 12Vic ¦ for Sisal
and 16%c for Manila; Duplex.'. 11 iic. Terms.
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : _ ¦ ¦ • . ¦
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and G@7c per lb
for Cows. . : .....
VEAL— Large, 7%@8}ac; small. 8%©10c per
pound.-
MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@0%c; Ewes, 8@8%c
per lb. . ' . ¦ ,' •-.
LAMB— Tearllngs, 0@10c per lb; Spring
Lambs. 10@llc per lb.
'PORK— Dressed Hog*. 7%®0%c per lb. .
- . LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS
With the exception of Spring Lamb, whlch'is
lower, the market stands about the same. [ Sup
plies of Beef -are moderate and the market Is
steady. Mutton continues scarce and firm, and
Veal is unchanged. Hogs are in moderate re
ceipt and the demand la light, owing to the
high prices.
San Francisco Meat Market
Fore ign Markets
TACOMA, April 22.— WHEAT— Steady and
unchanged; bluestem. ; 60%c; club, 05%c,
WASHINGTON
'.¦¦yA'Mj OREGON. .'
'¦'. PORTLAND,' i April : 22.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla,, 05@65%c;rbluestem, 00@00%c. i
Northern, Wheat Market
PORTLAND, Or.. April 22. — Clearings, $441,
008; balanceB,' $112,070. . , .
SPOKANE. Wash., April 22.— Clearinr-i,
$291,648; balances. . $70,878. .
- SEATTLE. Wneh.. April 22.— CTearlngs,
«4S4,730; balances, $71,693. . /, :
-. TACOMA. Wash.; April 22.— Clearings, $213,
454; balances, $49,644.
Northern Business,
BOSTON, ' April 22^— The wool market here
has been the least Interesting of the many fea
tureless weeks of late.' Only a few buyers have
been recorded and even the ' sample bag trade
has been smaller than usual. Territory wools
are again very dull.'; Choice staple, on the
scoured .- basis, is cuoted as follows : Fine,
50@52c; fine medium, 47@4Sc; medtum. 45c for
ordinary Territory wools; '¦ fine, 48® 50e; fine
medium. 43®45c, and medium, 39@40c.
Boston Wool Market.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. April 22.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 17:56. Steady to weak. Natives $5 50
@7 10; cows and heifers. $1 2n®6 60; steers
$:$ 5O®4; bulls and stags, $2 75@0; stockers and
ftoders, ?2#5 35.- ...
¦HOGS— Receipts. 7200. 10c lower.' Light and
light mixed. $0 40@6 97%: medium and heavy,
$« 00@7 151/ pigs, $4 05©0 15; bulk. $0 75®
7 05. - ¦ ¦ • . -'¦ iv
KHEEP — Receipts. 5C73. Strong to 0c higher.
Ltimbs. utrong to 5c lower; Western lambs,
$6 25©7; Western -sheep, .$4 75@6 25. ;
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO. April - 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500, including- 200 Texans.' Steady; good to
primo steers, $6 75@7 35;. poor, to medium,
$1 6d@6 40; Etockers "and feeders. $2 60®5;
cowg. $1 40@6; heifers, $2 50@5 25; cannery.
$1 40@2 40; bulls. $2 50®5 GO;, calves $2 25!?
5: Tfcxas fed steers. $5 25®0. . ' ' T- .
HOGS — Receipts. 10,000. Woak at Monday's
close; Mixed and butchers, $C C0#7 05; good to
choice heavy, $7«?7 15; rough heavy. $0 HUfffi
C 95; light. $0 6000 85; bulk-of sales $0 80
@7..- ¦ -•.,-..: - ; '- . . . • ..
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000. Sheep and lamba,
stfedy; good to choice wethers,- • $5 50(ff6 25;
fair to choice mixed, $4 7505 50: Western
sheep. $i 75(3)6 25: native "lambs, $4 75®« do-
Wtetern lambs, ,$r> 60@7 16.
Eastern Livestock Market,
Silver had a rally. The speculators' spurt in
America was taken full advantage of to drive
the shorts to cover. Grand Trunk ordinary is a
pure gambling counter. The stock has risen
In the past fortnight from 9% to 11% There
is a suspicion of American buying for control
Stocks to-day were fairly brisk and cheerful,
considering the Passover settlement to-morrow.
Consols, were harder. American shares moved
cautiously after yesterday's fireworks. They
began nominally above parity and remained
steady with some buying of Southern Pacifies
and Union Pacifies, but New Tork flattened
both. New Tork supported the market In the
street, the Coalers and especially Erie being
bright, and Louisville and Nashville, and South
ern Railway resumed favor.
NEW TORK, April 22.— The Commercial.Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Receipts of Californian. Poultry were liberal
and. the market was weak. Good young stock
"sold fairly, but second class stock was hard to
disposeof. V Small Broilers were especially dull.
There are too many coming in and prices are
steadily declining. ;• One more car of; Eastern
Poultry/, making the fourth since Monday, was
placed on the market.' ; . •' • .. i . .
Receipts of Game were light and the market'
cleaned up Well. Twelve sacks came in.
POULTRT — Live Turkeys,^ .13® 14c for Gob
blers ¦ and' 15@16c for • Hens; - Geese, per pair,
$1 60@l 75; Goslings. - $2 25@2 00: Ducks, $4 50
ei'5 for old and $768 for. young; Hens. $t@5 50:
young Roosters '$« 50@7 50; old Roosters, $4©
4 50- Fryers, $5@6;: Broilers, $4©4 50 for largo
and $1 B0@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per
dozen for old and $1 7u@2 for Squabs. 1 ' •< ,
'.GAME— Hare. $1: Rabbits,'. $1 50 for Cotton
tails and ?1- for ; Bruah; Gray Geese, $2 50®3;
White Geese, -75c@$l; Brant,' §1@1 50; Honkers,
$3@4; English Snipe, $2 50@3; Jack Snipe, $1 CO.
Poultry and Game,
ONIONS— Oregons, $2 10@2 40 . for the best
and $l'50@2 for lower grades; Australian, $3®
3.25, second # hands; Green, Onions, 00@65c per
' .VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$1 85@2 per box, $l'40@l 75 for No. 1 and $1©
1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb. 35@85c per box; extra
fancy, 9Oc@$l 15; Green Peas, $l<j?l 25 per sack;
String Beans, from Los Angeles, 10@12%c per
lb, Including. Wax; Cabbage, 40®50c per ctl;
Los Angeles Tomatoes,: $l(f/t. r >0 per box and
crate; Mexican ' Tomatoes, 75c@$l CO per box,
including repacked; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per
lb; Los Angeles do. 13@17%c; Dried Okra; 12%
@20c per lb; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 35@75c per dozen for small and
$1®1 25 for large: Garlic. 2@2%c; Los Angeles
Green Peppers, 10@15c;- Mexican do, 10@12%c;
Egg Plant, from Los Angeles. 17%@20c; Sum
mer Squash, from Los Angeles, $1@1 25; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $15<0i20; Mushrooms, nominal.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, 2@2%c. per lb;
old,' $1 35@1 55 for • Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 »S0@l 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 70®l 80; River Reds, $1 50@l 00;
Farly Rose,' for seed, $1 50@l 65; Oregon Bur
banks,' for seed, $1 20@l 50;> Sweets, $1 00 for
Merced. . .. ¦ ¦ ' . "'; ._ . . .
Oregon Burbanks were dull, but firmly held
at previous prices. Seed'Burbanks and Garnet
Chiles were in demand art steady prices.
Sweets moved off slowly. There was no change
in New Potatoes. Supplies, were plentiful, con
sisting chiefly of small stock. . .•¦;•
•Strictly fancy-Oregon Onionff would sell read
ily over the quotations if obtainable, but the
appearing prices cover the general run of offer
ings. Green continue to bring Jilgh prices, ow
ing to the light supplies. / •
¦ Receipts of Asparagus I were lighter than
usual, but as large quantities were carried over
from the previous day prices were unchanged.
Peas were in liberal receipt and sold well at
steady prices. Rhubarb was a shade lower
under heavy receipts. Los Angeles Tomatoes
arrived in good condition and were in demand
and higher. Other vegetables from the south
showed little variation.: -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW TORK. \ April 22.— Cotton ' futures
opened firm, with prices 1 to 4 points higher,
and closed quiet, 1 to 5 points lower.
'Nezv York, Cotton Market.
IRON — Ruled steady and unchanged at New
Tork. Pigiron warrants nominal. No. 1 foun
dry. Northern, $19@20; No. 2 foundry. North
ern. $1S@19; No, 1 foundry. Southern. $17 50@
18; ''No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft, $17 50@18.
English markets/were a shade higher, with
Glasgow closing at 54s 4d and Mlddlesboro at
48a 8%d.
-LEAD — Was steady at $4 12% here and Is 3d
higher at London, closing there at £11 16s 3d.
SPELTER— Was 2% points lower here at
?4 42% and unchanged at London at £18. .
•COPPER— Was about steady at New Tork.
and 200 tons standard for July delivery sold at
$11 25, closing with spot at $11@11 35. Lake
closed at $11 75@12 26, electrolytic )af $11 60®
12 and casting flat at $12. At London copper
was 5s lower at £52 15s, for both spot and fu
tures, -i '-.•'• ¦ ' . .- .
NEW TORK. A B rJlj. 22.— TIN— At London,
.prices for tin decllned-*_£3 10s, owing- to manip
ulation. Spot closei^jai' £126 and futures at
£123, with a steady) tone and sales of 100 tons
spot and 450 tons futures. The-New'Tork mar
ket was about 30 points lower, closing with spot
$27 50@27 75. • ../ . ¦ -. .
New York Metal - Market':
. ¦' Dealers*, report . more ; . steadiness. i-ln'f.whlta
Beans, though prices 'show-no improvement.
A' New Tork trade Journal .says of .Xlmas:
.Malli advices" from. Santa' Barbara, Cal.;: say:
"The indications in Carpinterla Valley are that
there' will be the . biggest crop • of ' lima ' beahs
ever harvested. ' The late rains have enabled
the farmers to get ' the ' ground Into- first-class
condition. The . prospect for a large ' crop 'is
so good that buyers have dropped the price
about lc a pound in the last two months. Last
year's : yield in Ventura an 1 Santa Barbara
counties amounted, to nearly 600,000 sacks;
oiW.OOO have been shipped and it is thought
that about 100,000 more will go out before the
new crop comes In. Bean buyers state that a
very largo a.creage wllL be devoted _, to limas
thin year."
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; small White,
$1 0002 15; large White. $2@2 20; Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Pink, $1 85@2 10; Red, $2 25@2 50;
Blackeye, $4 50@4 75; Llmas, $3 35@3 60; Red
SEEDS — TrleV.e Mustard, *2 00@2 C5; Tel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50: Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@li%o; California; 10@10%c; Rape, 1^©
2 v ic; Hemp, 3%c per lb. • ' • .
'DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, ¦ nominal. .. -j v .
Beans, and Seeds.
NEW TORK, April 22.— Special cable . and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
chow the following changes in available sup
plies, as compared with last account:
¦' Wheat — United States and Canada,- cast -of
the Rockies, decreased 4,950,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decreased 1,700,000 bushels;
totalsupply decreased, 0,650,000 bushels, ¦¦->¦.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 570,000 bushels.. -
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 18,000 bushels. ' , :. ,. • .
Available Grain Supply.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchiron 50,100 82 SO 80
Atchison pfd 8.400 09% 08% !)8»<,
Baltimore & Ohio.. 11,300 109% 108% 108%
Balti & Ohio pfd... 200 -. »6 00 «5
Canadian Pacific. ... 22,100 127% 125% 125'4
Canada Southern!.: 700 90% 90% 00%
Chesa & Ohio 0.600 4S% 47% 47%
Chicago & Alton... 2,100 38% 37% 37%
Chic & Alton pfd. . 200 70% 76% 76%
Chicago Ind & Lev. 11,700 60 C5V4 C5%
Chic Ind & L pfd 80
Chic & E Illinois 160
Chicago & Gt West .'{.600 20 25% 25%
rhic & G W A pfd >. 88%
ttilc & G W B pfd . 48
Chic & Northwstrn 2,700 249 248 2tS?i
Chic R I & Pacific. 1,200 173% 172% 172%
Chic Term & Trans 1,200 22% 21% 21%
Chic Trm & Tr pfd 5,000 40% :j<jy 4 38%
C C C &. St Louis.. 400 105% 104 lOlVi
Colorado Southern.. 4,300 32 31% 31%
Colorado So 1st pfd 100' 74% 74% 74
Colorado So 2d pfd 1,700. 40 45% 45%
Dela & Hudson 1,400 174% 173% 173%
Dela Lack & West 282
Denver & R Grande COO 44% 44 44%
Denv & R Grde pfd IKK) 02% 02 ' »2
Erie 72.0O0 41 33% 35%
Erie 1st prd 14,100 . 71 09% -(19
Erie 2<1 pfd 0,100 57 55% 55%
Gt Northern pfd.. 200 184% 184% 184%
Hocking Valley.... 400 84 83 8.1
Hocking Vail pfd.. 100 91% 91% 91
Illinois Central 8,100 149V4 147% 147%
Iowa Central 800 49'/, 48% 48%
Iowa Central prd.. 600 88% 87 57
Lake Erie & Went. 300 67% 07% «7%
Lake E & West pfd ". 128
Louis & Nashville. «,1OO 128 12CH 12fl
Manhattan L 77.fl00 l."JS% 134% 134%-
Metropolitan St Ry 3,100 15.1%' 151% mv^
Mexican Central... 3.000 29% 29% 29%
Mexican National.. 4,200 20% 19% 19%
Minn & St Louis.. 2.700 112% 111% 111%
Missouri Pacific... 14,800 101% 100% 100%
Mo Kans & Texas.. ,800 28% 26 25%
Mo Kns & Tex pfd 2,700 5C% 55% 55%
New Jersey Central 188
New Tork Central. 3.100 109 lf>7% 157%
Norfolk & Western 19,300 C9% 08% ns%
Norfolk & West pfd. no
Ontario & Western 42, 000 1 35% 34% «4V»
Pennsylvania ..:.. 43.900 152% 151% 151%
Reading ....' 204.B00 . «7% C5V1 «5%
Jleading 1st pfd.... 11.500 87 . S4% 84%
Reading 2d pfd... 65.900 . 74% .71% 71%
St L &.San Fran.. 4,900 . 09% 68%" CSV.
St L & S F 1st pfd. .... 83V*
Ft L & S F Hi pfd. 4.600 . 74 73% 73 •
St Louis Southwstn 200 29 2fi%. ¦ 2R%
St L Southwest pfd 2,400 <52%. . CO % -' &•»%,
St Paul . .' 4T!>00 170%- 1C8% !««£'
St Paul prd .... l.MX) 191 190 190.
Southern Pacific.... C2.500 «9 66% (57%
Soutftern Railway.. 1CS.300 37% 35% 36%
So Railway pfd.... 1,200 96% , flr>% 05%
Texas & Pacific... 500 43% 41% 41%
Toledo St L & W. . : 2.400 22% . 22% 22%
Tol St LAW pfd. -8.700., 41 39% :, 40 -
Union Pacific: 7«,700 10S%. 103%. 103%
Union Pacific pfd.. 2,500. 8S% ¦87% 88 ,
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
NEW TORK. April 22.— To-day's stock mar
ket had the appearance of being . tired. A
gallant rally was made against the depression
and the sympathetic influence of rather ag
gressive, strength developed in some" of the
Eastern railroad stocks had the effect of check
ing the selling in the Western field so that the
losses were, at one time pretty generally re
covered. ,_But the. action lof:. Reading! strongly
indicated a culmination of ' the upward move
ment in that stock and the taking, of special
profits and an afternoon rally in the wheat
market reawakened the anxiety felt for the
winter wheat crop. The Western railroad
stocks fell away to the lowest of the day and
the gains which had been established elsewhere
among important railroad stocks melted away.
The market closed active and weak und gen
erally at the lowest. A. violent break in Sugar
to 122% alter selling up to 127% was a con
tributing cause to the late weakness and was
attributed to the growing apprehension that
the differential duty on sugar will be removed
or the Cuban reciprocity bill will fail. The
upward fight of Nashville, Chattanooga and
St. Louis was due to the report, subsequently
denied, that the stock would be changed fcr
Louisville and Nashville. The early recovery
in the market was stimulated by reports of
showers in the winter wheat belt, but the
grain carrying roads showed a nervous tone
throughout and the real sustaining influence
in the -market was the buying of -the coalers,
both hard and soft; and the Morgan railroads.
The evidence of realizing in Readins left the
market vulnerable again to the Influence • of
a rally in the wheat market, although that
was said to be partly due to the heavy de
crease during the week in the visible supply
of wheat. Speculative opinion is resigned to
the hope of only an average winter wheat crop
under promising conditions and is prepared
to expect a crop disaster in the event of un
favorable conditions. ' A reassuring effect was
produced by indifference expressed by the prin
cipals in the Northern Securities Company to
the filing of the suit In the Supreme Court
against the company on the ground that the
consolidated, ownership of the properties is
safe in any event, elnce only the method of
holding them . is aimed at by the suit. But
any decision which would defeat the purchase
of the constituent companies by the exchange
of their etock for the stock of the company
would have far-reaching consequences on many
projects under way and to which Wall street
locks for great results. London turned seller
of stocks in this market to-day, after • having
been a buyer for several days and thus helped
to strengthen the foreign exchange market.
Speculative bonds were weak and the mar
ket generally was irregular. Total sales, $3,
345,000.
United States '2s advanced % . per cent on
the last call. v
Nczv York Stock Market.
Liverpool: -
Wheat — - -May. >? ¦ July.'
Opening 6 IVi 6 00V4
Closing ...:• ttl . 5 11%
v ' PARIS.
Wheat— April. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 22 20 20 45 •
Closing 22 10 20 45
. • Flour — -. ' • .
Opening ..27 00' 26 40
Closing 26 95 26 45
The local market is drill as there are. no
buyers here. They , are all In the country,
¦where. they are cleaning up- the ; .clip'.welV".es
pecially In the -; northern part.tof^the State.
Stocks here are light and the feeling- is steadyl
; Hops : are jj practically cleaned ¦ . out of J *rst
hands and the market Is nominal and uninter
esting. . . -
- Hides remain as previously quoted, salted bo
ing in large supply and weak and dry In mod
erate supply and steady. The whole market
favors the buyer, however, and It takes a good
hide to bring top quotations. There is no
change in Tallow, which continues in moderate
supply and steady. -. *
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. .Heavy salted
SteerB, 10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 8@8>Ac;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy- and 8@8%c for light-
Stags, 6@6%c: Salted Kip. 8S8%c; Salted Veal
9<@9%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls
14c;- Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf, 18c; -Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@o0c
each; short Wool. 35@60c each, medium, 65®
75c; long Wool, 9Oc@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium, . $1 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium/ $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican,
25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins — I
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c. ' . - . <¦/¦ . ' ¦
-'•TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. - 5%@6c per IV
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring — Northern free, . 14@16c; do,
defective, 13@14c; Middle county free, 13@15c;
do, defective, 12@13c; Southern, .12 months- 9«
10c; do. 7 months, 0@llc; Foothill, ll@13c; Ne
vada, 12@15c per lb. - r,t . ¦ . ,
HOPS— 12@13c for fair and 1 If 15c per lb for
good to choice.
Chicago reported selling local and scattered,
with some packers buying. The market* ¦ was
higher on the day. Receipts of Hogs continue
disappointing to holders of high-priced goods.'
This market shows no further change, being
qule,t and featureless.. •. : '-." _'~-X^ '¦'' ¦ '¦
. CURED • MEATS^— Bacon, 13c .per lb . '. tor
heavy, 13%c tor light medium," 14%c for.light,
15c for extra light and 16c for. sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c: Califor
nia Hams, 13%©14c: Mess Beef, $i)<H9 50 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10@10 50: Family, $ll@1150;
prime Mess Pork, $15 60@16; extra clear. $23;
Mess, $1S 50@19; Dry Salt Pork,. $11 50@12 50-
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75 i Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb. -..-.-,'
¦ LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c' "per :1b for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 12V4c; 10-lb tins, 12%e; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c. ' r *:- T.- *¦?":-. ' .-
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9&c; five tierces. »%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow > Wool and Heps.
Provisions.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty- four hours:
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 22. 5 p. m
Weather Report.
Eureka Summary— Crops trrowlnir rapidly.' A
heavy yield of fruit assured. Owing to cold,
rainy weather during March the growth of fall
rrain was n-e a tly retarded and consequently it
ig not looking well.
I>o* Angeles Summary — Generally good grow
ing w-et-k: cloud aim fo2 benefited -beets *nd
crowing crops, but rain i? needed soon for late
praln end hay. Rome hay being cut. Trees
full Mown and netting we!!.
f-'sn Joaquin Vallev — The continued warm
veather has been beneflctal to all growing
crops. Strong northerly winds during the first
«t the week dried out the Foil to some extent,
but generous showers Saturday night and Sun
day have again softened the ground and will
cause rapid growth of grain and. crass. Grain
continues in good condition, though a little
backward in some places, and a large yield Is
predicted in nearly all the northern districts,
•with a fair yield in the south. Barley anJ
oate are head Inc out rapidly. Deciduous fruits
have not been injured by frost this season and
rive promise of a heavy yield. Vineyards are
In £ood condition. ': ,
Southern California — Generous showers at the
cloee of the week have been of great benefit to
all crops. The rain extended to all factions,
varying from .30 of arj inch at San Diego to
over one in^h in the mountain districts. Warm,
oiear weather pre\ - alled during the first of the
¦week, followed by cloudy weather and fog*
alon^ the coast. Grain and hay are in good
condition. A correspondent at Los Angeles
*>Ftlmates-that the wheat crop in that vicinity
¦will be up to the average and hay and barley
better cro.is than fcr several years. Haying
has commenced in some places. Arirlcotn are
not dolr.g well, but other deciduous fruits are
In rood condition and large crops are expected.
Citrus fruits are in full bloom In some sec
tions.
Coast and Bay Section* — The weather has
continued warm and cloudy or foggy during
the week, with light rain in all sections Sat
urday nisrht and Sunday. The showers have
l^een very lieneficial, especially in the southern
districts, end ell crorw have - made rapid
growth. Prospects are still good for excellent
crops of wheat, barley and oats, though there
are some reports of a short yield in portions of
Pan Bcnito- County. Hay is in excellent condi
tion and a heavy crop is expected. Haying is
progressing In some places. All varieties of
deciduous fm1t trees have blossomed and In
rome places are so heavily laden with young
fruit that thinning will be necessary. Un
usually heavy crops are expected.
"Measuring" worms are causing some damage
to cherry, ai<rifot and Druna trees near Vaca
ville and orchardists are fighting the pest with
tanglefeet flypaper around the base of the
trees.
Sacramento Valley — Warm weather has con
tinued during the week and light rain has fall
en in all sections. Grain and hay have made
rood rrewth and prosoects continue excellent
for unutiuaily heavy crops. Barley is heading
out in Tehama County and gives promise of a
very large yield. Green feed is abundant and
•tock. If in good condition. Almonds and apri
cots are of larce eize in Yolo County. There
will be a heavy yield of all deciduous fruits
except acriccts. which will probably be below
average. Orange trees are in bloom in Tehama
Conflty and other places. Olives are also in
bloom and give indications of a good yield.
With the fxcf.pticu of apricot*, all., varieties
of deciduous fruits -are in excellent condition
end give promise of the heaviest yield for sev
fcral years. Some damage Is being done to
therry, prune and apricot trees' by the "meas
uring" worm in portions of Solano County.
In some sections the fruit trees are bo heavily
laden with young fruit that thinning "will be
Bect-ssarj. Oranges and olives- are in bloom.
Vineyards are thrifty.
The nariR weather and drying winds had
baked the upper 60il in come sections, retard
ing somewhat the growth of crops, but the
rain has again softened the ground and will
cause more radd crowUl. Grain and hay are
In excellent condition, though a little back
vard in «ome sections, and good crops are
Jjrobable in all i»arts of the State. Barley and
«ats are heading out in many places, Hayinsr
is progressing. Pasturare is abundant -an-1
stock is doing well. Early vegetables ar-»
Kiaking favorable progress. Work In hop fields
i-ontinuee. ¦ -
General Summary — Warm weather has con
tinut-d in ail parts of the State during most of
the week and there have been no injurious
SroEts. Light rain fell in all- sections Satur
day nlffht and Sunday. Strong northerly winds
jirevailed ia tl>e interior, but caused no ma
terial damage. *
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 24@26%c; dairies,:
23@26c. Cheese, firm, 12%@13c. Eggs, steady,
15%@15%c.
A car of Bran from the northern part of the
'State sold several days ago at $15 50, but near
by lets arc quoted by the millers as below. -'All
Fee'dstuffs are steady and In moderate supply.
Good - showers In some of the Hay districts
ncrth and south have softened the crust on the
surface of the 'ground and thereby Improved
the crop prospects. ( Prices-remain unchanged,
with moderate receipts. :-.:/. K'v. -.
BRAN— $17 5O@1S per ton: ¦ .
. MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF^— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
tor; -Oilcake Meal at the. mill. $25*326 ; jobbing,
$26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21 ;' Corn Meal.
%'£Ml20 50; Cracked "Corn, f $29 50@30; Mixed
Feed. $16@17; Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8 50@ll: Oat, $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock, $ti@3
per- ton. > "
STRAW — iO©65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
I FLOUR— California. Family, Extras, $3 50®
3 75, -usual ; terms; Bakers' Extras, 1 $3. 40@3 50;
Oregon, ¦ $2 75@3 25 per barrel. 'for- family and
$3®3 50. for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3
@3 50. '¦¦>¦• " '.- '. - i JT? ' '-' ;
MILLSTUFFS-^-Pricos i in sacks' are as -folr
lows, -usual discount, to 'the trade: Gr.i'iam
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $3: Rye Meal,
$2 75;-Rlce Flour,, $7; Corn Meai; $3 25;,extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy,"^©
4»25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
\fhcat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9: In
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. .-_
Flour and :: Millstuffs.
Articles — .' ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ........... 30,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 05,000 '147,000'
Corn, bushels 07,000 V- 35,000 .
Oats, bushels ..190,000 ; ./ ' 299, 000
Rye. bushels ..:'... ...... 5,000 ' c 3,000.
Barley, bushels 21,000 '¦:¦ . ' 4,000 ¦ -
60 days or 1% per cent cash discount. Lots of
10,000 lbs, lc less. .' . - .
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3%c;
cases. Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large, 4%e:
cases.. Eastern style. 6c; Boneless, 5c; "Nor
way," 5c; "Narrow Gauge," 5%c; "Silver
King," 7c; Blocks, "Orientals." 5%c; Blocks.
••SeabrlgU," '6%c; Tablets. 7c; Middles, 6%©
8c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless.- 9c; 2-lb boxes.
Fancy Boneless, 7©8c; Desiccated, per dozen.
80c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each. $7; Pickled
Cod, half-barrels, each, $4 25.
COFFEE^ — The market is quiet and steady,
but favors buyers rather than sellers. . . -.
Costa Rica— 14@15c for strictly prime to
fancy washed; 1^%@13%c for prime washed:
ll@12c for good washed; Il%'fl3c for good to.
prime washed peaberry; 10%©llc for 'good ''to
prime peaberry^ 10%(6>llc for good to prime;
S%@10c for fair; 6<SSc for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12%@13c for strictly primo
washed; 10%@12c for good to prime washed;
9@10c for fair washed; 10%@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%@10c for good to
prime semi-washed; S-\'ffif)c for superior un
washed; 8%@S%c for good green unwashed;
9-'e9%c for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 6@7c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua^ — 12ft 13c for prime to fancy
washed: 9*i@llc for fair to strictly good
washed; 8@8%c for good to superior unwashed;
9@!>%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13@15%c> for prime
to fancy washed; 11%@12%c for strictly good
washed; 10%@ll%c for good washed; 9%#tO%c
for fair washed; 8@9c for medium; 6@7%c for
Inferior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good to
prime washed peaberr^-. UfrlOc for good tot
prime unwashed peaberry; 8%©S?ic for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 29@32c;. extra
heavy, 3C@40c per lb; medium. 27@29c; light.
24(?26c; Rough Leather, 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@a»c for No. 1 and SO^.Tlc
for No. 2: medium, ."0®37c; light, 29@352;
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2, 36@3Sc; Collar
Leather., 15® 16c per. foot: Trace Leather .*£*
44c; Kip, unfinished, 40® 50c per lb- - 'Tea!
finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife Split*.
14$] 6c; Rough Splits. 8® 10c per pound. .
TANBARK — Ground, $25@2S per ton: stick.
$16@1S per cord.
OIL — California Castor Oil. in cases, . No.
1, 70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed OIL in bar
rels, boiled, 7Sc; raw, 76c; cases. 5c more;
Lucol,. 6Hc for boiled and 66e for raw in bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels,
90c: caxes, 05c; China Nut, 57%@68c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. In barrels. 70c; cases V5c;
Sperm; pure. 6oc. Whale Oil. natural white.
4<.>©50c per- gallon; Fish Oil. barrels 42%e:
cases 47%c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c-for
Ceylon and 58%c for Australian. . . -y.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil \ in bulk.
1.1%@14c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove ' Gasoline, in bulk. 16c;
in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14%c; In 1
case3, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 2Oc; in
cases. 26%c. r
TURPENTINE^ — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels. : ¦
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7@
7%s per lb; White Lead. 6%@7%c, according
to quantity. :..
SALT— Liverpool. $30@32 50 for the best and
$2S@29 for factory filled. Domestic — Imttatlcn
Liverpool, $26 25@27: H. R. H.. $28 25«27:
California Dairy. 5O-lb bags. $26; Rock Salt,
$18 5O@19 CO. accorfling to quantity; Granu
lated. $26 25@2T per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 5O#47 per, flask tor lo
cal use and $44 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany Quotes aa follows, per pound, in 100-1»>
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.R5c: Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, .4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated.. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners'- A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, :!.75c; Golden C. 3.65c: *T>." 3.5So;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more, for all"
kinds. Domlnos — Half -barrels. 4.73c; boxes.
5c per Ib. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER-^-Retail prices ars as follows:'
Pine, ordinary sizes. S1SW19 50; extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. $17@20; Lath. 4 feet. $380**
4; Pickets. $19: Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and
$1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for spilt and $14
for sawn; Rustic, $25® 31. .
Receipts of Produce..
— — -"¦ ¦'•' '""* . ¦ '..¦¦
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 22.
Flour, qr sks.. . '6.003 Wool, bales ...»r, 454"
Wheat, ctls S-1.+17 Leather, rolls ,. -"".'-TO
Barley, ctls ...105,771 Hides, No 403
Corn ctla 1,030 Pelts, l>dls 221
Rye. ctls'..... 13T» Lime, bbls .*;..; 182
Potatoes, sks .. 1.40.': Wine, gals .... 17,P«O-
Bran, sks 300 Tallow, ctls .... 217
Middlings, Bks.. 310 Powder, car ... i
Straw, tons .... 5 Quicksilver.- flks 20
Hay, tons: 212 Sugar, ctls 1.000
OREGON.
Wool, bales .... 243
ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and
somewhat threatening Wednesday; light south
west wind. g. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official, temporarily in charge
Generally cloudy weather prevails 'over
Washington. Oregon, the Rocky Mountain and
Plateau regions and along the central coast of
California, while over the Interior of California,
Southern Nevada and Arizona it is clear. Light
showers have occurred in portions of Wash
ington. *¦ A thunder-storm is reported at Spo
kane:
The pressure has fallen along the coast and
risen over the plateau region. . .
The temperature has risen over Nevada and
Ltah and Arizona: in other districts the
changes have been Blight.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 23 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy and somewhat
threatening in the north portion; probably light
showers on extreme northwest coast- fair in
south portion Wednesday; fresh southerly wind.
Southern -California— Fair Wednesday;, light
Nevada— Partly cloudy Wednesday; warmer;
light south west. wind. .
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature — 7 a. m., 4S degrees.
San Francisco dealers eay that the above
refers to shelled almonds exclusively, and that
the frost has damaged the crop only in those
pections which produce the almcnds solti
ehelled. Other sections, from which the nut^
ere sold in the shell, promise an immeM
crop.
The New York Journal of Commerce says:
frivate mail advices from Sicily, referring to
the almcnd situation there, state: '.'Recent
reports of damage to the coming crop in the
Karl section as well as in others have not
been seriously exaggerated, although it will
take a little time to tell exactly the extent
in outlying districts. It is pretty generally
conceded, however, that the Barl section has
been badly hurt and some estimates firure a
total loss. The market until quite lately ad
vanced on both Fr>ot • and futures, but has
since reacted, declining a fraction on spot, the
advance having been so rapid as to check buy
¦ ing interest in speculative quarters. At the
present time there is a good, steady market,'
¦with sellers quoting the equivalent of 22%c
laid down at New York, for prompt shipment."
The European Almond Crop.
Cash quotations were as follows:- Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 70@74%c; No. 2 red,
82%@83%c; No. 2 oats, 43%«g)43%c; *No.- 2
white, 45@45%c; No. 3 white, 44@45%c; No. 2
rye, 68%c; fair to choice malting 'barley, -C5@
68c; No. 1 flax seed,' $1 68; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 73@1 75; prime timothy, seed,; $6 85; mess
pork, per bbl, $16 45@16 50; lard, . per 100' lbs,
$9 70; short-rib sides (loose), $0Q;910; dry. salt-,
ed shoulders (boxed); 7%©7%c:': short clear;
sides (boxed), $9 55®9 65; clover,- contract
grade, $8 10@8 15. ; " : .' .< . ¦¦¦-,
¦ There is nothing new in this market. A fair
and continuous demand is .steadily reducing
stocks " of : everything in . the'-, f niit ' line, and as
previously mentioned, the . heavy- crop now
promised .will come upon' a. practically bare
market.- Raisins are still unsettled. . Nuts are
steady and : Honey is qujtt and ; rather- weak,
owing to predictions of • a large crop. An •ac
count - of the <laniage .to -the Almond crop in
Europe appeals in the first column.
:¦¦ FRUITS — Apricots, 9<g>l0c for Royals and
10@13e. for, standard.; toj fancy *Moorparks;
Evaporated ' Apples; \ 8@9o; : - sun 1 dried, ¦ . 6c ;
Peaches, ,6%@«%c:- Pears. :ti®9o;fPlums, pitted,
6©6c; unpitted. -l%@2%c;' Nectarines, 5%@«o
for red and 5%@6c fpr-white; flgs,'3%@4%c for
black and" 6%@0c. fop white'.-. ---t .* . ;. ,
PRUNES— 1901 /crop "are -quoted as follows:
30-40'8.- 6%«6J4c; 40r50's. 5®5%d; 60-60's, 4%
64 %c; 60-70*8, 4@4%c;: 70-SO's, -3%@3%e; 80
90's, 3@3%c;'9O-10O's.'2%©2%c per lb. >\"
. RAISINS-^Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7% c;- Loose Muscatels, 6% c for 4-crawn and
5%c for- seedless; 3-crown,-. tic;, 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless. Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached. and Tip
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials,' $3; De
hesa,' $2 60; "Fancy, $1 30; London Layers,
$12501 35. - - ' ¦ -. ¦ . r " '.- :
NUTS— Walnuts. -No.'l softshell. U%c; No.
2. 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell; 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds. .10%@12c "for-'DaRershell, 0@10c for
softshell ana Q@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5<§/7c
for^ Eastern ;^Braiil Nuts,. 12Sl2%c;: Filberts.
12@12«/ic: Pecans,Ml@13e; Cocoanuts,' $3 50(@5.
HONEY — Comb,ll@12o for bright and 9@llc
for light amber;; water white extracted, 5@
6%c; light amber extracted,..4@4V>c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%<g29c pep lb. ..,.-:•
Dried Frtiiis, Nuts and Raisins.
The following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF— Roast, 10@T5e per Ib: Tenderloin
Steak. 15ei7i«-c: Porterhouse Steak, 17%^20c;
Kound Steak, lOaiiijc; Stew Beef, 8@10c;
Corned Beef, 8@"10c.
VEAI Roast. 12(gl5c; Cutlets. 15^18c.
MUTTON— Roast, 12%c; Chops, 12%@15c;
Stew, S@10c.
LAMB— Spring. 12%@20c; Roast, 15@18c;
Chops. iri@2(ic.
PORK— Roast, 12U@15c; Chops, 15c.
Retail Meat Prices.
Articles— "OpeiY^ High. Low. Close.
mS^.^ 2^- 73% 74%
July 75% : .76% . 75% . 75%
September.. .75% - .76 : 74$ 75%
Ma? rn ..^.?~61% V-62% Vetii ; 62%
July 62% .63% , -62% '63%
September.. .61% ;.; 62%; 61% 62%
May tS ..^.f~42% 43% 42% 43%
July, old 35% 30% ,35% ¦ 36-,
July new.... 37% . 38 > 37% V 37%
Sept., old.... 31% , 31% , 31% V 31%
Sept.. new... 33%' 33% 33% _. 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl — - . • ,<
May 16 37% : 16 50 16 37% 16 45
July 16 57% 16 72% ,16 57% 16 67%
September . .16 75 '/ 16 77% 'j 16 72% 16 75 ,.
Lard, per 100 lbs — ' ¦ ,~-'\- -;-->t: , '• ¦ --• ;
May 9 62%: 0 67% v. 9 62% : ' 9 67%
July 9 75 9 80. ? 9 75 ,v 9 80
September .. 0 85 9 90 , 9 85 ¦ ~ 0 90
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ' v ¦ :
May 8 97% 9,07% "8 97% 9 05,-
July 0 15 . ' 9 20 - '. 9. 15 .-.920V
September .. 9 25 030 , 9 25 ' ; 9 27% :
Little change in Exchange or Silver.
Wheat -.and Wheat freights steady.
Barley quiet and easy. Other cereals dull and featureless.
Hay, Bran and Middlings as previously quoted.
Some, steadiness in zchitc Beans noted. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still plcnti^.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins as %cforc. Honey easy.
Provisions still inactive and steady. :
Wool cleaning up very will. Hops practically out of first hands.
Little change in Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Poultry in liberal supply and zeeak. Game selling nrll.
Strazcbcrrics arriving in poor condition.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes unchanged:.
Lamb lozver, Mutton firm, Beef steady and Pork in light supply.
Local stocks and bonds still featureless.
fc ALL BOARD, SALES. l
• Informal Session^9;15 o'clock— No sales.- ' . :
Si Second . Session — December — 1000 ctls 78%c.
May— 8000, -90 Vic : - >, i
¦-, Regular Morning Session— No sales. .' ¦ -
¦' Afternoon Session — May — iOCO ctls, 89V>c;
2000, 89%c; 2000. '8a%c- .; . . ., ". :
OATS — Offerings are ample tor the very slow
demand and the market is dull and.uninterest
ins.' Prices have notrshown any; change- of im
portance.for some weeks.' .-• ' ¦;¦ . -.--.
; Grays. '$13o@l 40> whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur-'
priec. $140(g«l 45; black, $1 12%@1 32%; , red,
$1 30@1.42% per ctl.v • , . - . " '. -;
. s COKN— The market Is still inactive and lack-
Ing in' interest", d Large, yellow is easier If any
thing, while White firm and in, fair demand.
Chicago reports the cash. situation strong. -with
heavy. buying by the Gates party and outsiders.
: Large Yellow, -$135@1 42%; smalj round. do,
$1 -30^1/ 47%; ".white. '$1 4001 45per'ctl. - ..
1 .RYE— rCohtinues- dull at'00i3i95c per ctl. ¦ : .->;
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted - at $1 65@1 75 '¦•¦ per
Ctl. .-V -• . •-..- :-.';•. - ' ¦',•¦ ¦ ;-:¦.:
. . CALL BOARD SALES.
¦ Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock— No sales.'
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 12% ;
4000, $1 11%; 2000. $1 11%. December—14,
000, $1 08%. ., ' .
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 08%.
' Afternoon Sesaloy — May — 2000 ctls, $1 11%;
2000. $111%. December— 2000,' $1 08%.
a BARLEY-— The - market continues dull, with
buyers few and- indifferent, and sellers not dls-
P0Ff>d- to press offerings. • .Quotations remain
about the -same. -. '¦¦•¦; - :
Feed, 95c > for. No. £ 1 and 92%@93%o for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97%c@
$1; Chevalirr, Ktl@l 20. --.», .
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady en the spot
at 23s 9d, usual options, as an average quota
tion. ; ! The chartered . wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of IS, 411. against 12,434
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
29,750 tons. • against 7300; on-the.way to thir
port, 207,300 tons, against 185,950.'
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were' weak and
Paris -. futures Mirm. : Bradstreet's 'gave the
world's supply a decrease of 6.600,000 bushels. "
The -market at Chicago continued to hinge on
the .-weather and- was nervous and unsettled.
,The .weather* Itself was - variable,, beiiig clear
and cool in some "places; cloudy! and rainy in
others, dry and hot in others. North Dakota,
reported a bad blizzard and Western Nebraska
snow, while parts of Kansas got from half an
inch of, rain down. Offerings at Chicago were
limited, 'there was not much demand and there
were more buyers than sellers. • St. Louis sold.
The Southwest sold early, then turned around
and bought. . ; . ,
This market was unchanged as to shipping
grades and irregular- as to futures, the net re
sults of the day showing little' variation.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, §1 11% ; milling,
$1 12%@1 15 per ctl. . r, - .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Cons for money .94 7-16 Mo, K & Tex 26%
Cons for acct.... 94% I Do prefd ..;... 55%
Anaconda 5% N Y Central 168
Atchison 83 Nor & Western . . 60%
Do prefd 101% Do prefd ...... 92
Bal & Ohio 110% Ontario & West.. 35%
Can Pacific 129% So Railway ...... 37%
Ches & Ohio . 48% Do "prefd 08
Chi G West 26 So Pacific '. 70 ¦
C, M & St Paul.. 174% Union Pacific 107%
Den & R Grande. 45% Do prefd 91
Do prefd 95 U S Steel 43%
Erie 40% Do prefd 97'i
Do 1st prefd. ..72% Wabash 26
Do 2d prefd ... 57 Do prefd ...... 45%
Illinois Central ..152% Spanish 4s ...... 78%
Louis & Nash 129%
Bar silver — Steady, 24d per ounce. . '
Money — 2%®3 per cent. . -.'
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS
Money — . Westing Com ....113
Call loans 4@4% ' Mining-
Time loans 4@5 Allouez ......... '3%
Bonds — Amal Copper :..: 65%
Atchison 4s 103 Bingham 37
Gas let 88 Calumet & Hecla.567
Mex Cent 4s 82 Centennial 20
N E Gas & Coke. 53% Copper RangeCon 60
Railroads — - DomCoal .137%^
Atchison 80% Franklin 12 .
Do prefd 98 Isle Royale ...... 12
,tC8ton & Albany,264 Mohawk .:....... 30
-Boston & Maine. 194 ' Old Dominion.... 20
Boston. Elev . . . ..166 Osceola ....'.." 62
"Fitchburg prefd. .146 Parrot .......... 26%
Union Pacific 103% Quincy ....122
Mex Central ..... 28% Sunia Fe Copper.. 2% •
Miscellaneous — .Tamarack ., 177
Amer Sugar 122%lTrlmountain 98
Do prefd 118% Trinity .:. 13%
Dom 1 & Steel 68 United States ... 21%
Mass Electric ... 44% Utah 22%
Do prefd 97 Vl Victoria 5%
N E Gas & Coke. 3 Winona 1%
U S Steel 42% Wolverine 53%'
Do prefd 92% .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND.
" NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adam3 Con 20 Little Chief It
Alice : 50 Ontario .8 75
Breece 50 Ophlr ..1 25
Brunswick Con ... 18 Phoenix- 00
Com Tunnel 05% Potosl 20
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Savage 10
Dead wood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada ... 20
Horn Silver .. 1 40 Small Hopes ..... 40
Iron Silver 70 Standard 3 40
Leadville Con 05 1
Wabash :. 6.300 25% 25& 25V4
Wabash pfd... ...... 0,000 '¦ 45»4 44% 44%
Wheel & L Erie... aoO -20% 20% .20%
W & L E 2d prd.. 500. 33% - Jt3& 33%
Wisconsin Central. 3.100 2H% 2tt • ' 26 .
Wis Central prd... 700 .. 48%, 48 48
¦Express Companies —
Adams ............ '.... 205
American .... .... 230'
United States:-* . . . . 600 120%: 111) 119
Wells Fargo ... 100 215- 215 215
. Miscellaneous— ..'.;...•¦
Amalg Copper 31,900 60% 64% 65%
Am Car & Foundry 400 2»%i .29% 29%
Am Car & F j>fd.. 200 89%' 89% 89
Am Linseed Oil... 600 24 24 23%
Am Lin Oi! pfd 02
Am Smelt & Ref.. 5.700 45W 43% 43%
Am Smelt & R pfd 3,300 95% -¦; »5% 95%
Anaconda Min Co.. 1,400 113 , 111% 110%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 24,000 «C% 66% «6 ! 4
Colo Fuel & Irqn.. 22,400 108 M05 . 100%
Consolidated Gas.. 1,000 225 223% > 223%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 700 119% 110 118%
General Electric... 4O0 330 226 325
Hocking Coal...... * V 500 20% 20 20V1
Internatnl Paper... 1,200 21% 21% 21%
Internl Taper pfd.. 700 75%- 75 75%
Internatnl Power.. 9,300 180 172% 179
Laclede Gas ...... . 00
National Biscuit... 300 50% 60% 60%
National Lead. 400 19 18% 18 U
National Salt 20-
National Salt ufd.. ..... .... .... 69%
North American... 2,100 130 128 127%
Pacific Coast ; 69.
Pacific Mail 100 42% 42% 42 l ,4
People's Gas 3,200 104% 103 103%
Pre«sed Steel Car.. 800 41% 41% 41%
Pressed S Car pfd .... .... 8t
Pullman Pal Car .... 230 . •¦
Republic - Steel 6,200 18% 17% 1S\i,
Republic Steel pfd. 2.200 74% 74 .7414
Sugar 48,900 127% 122% 122%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3.300 71% 70% 70%
Union Bag & P Co. • 300 16% ' 16 i 16
Union B&P Co pfd. 100 80% ) 80% 80 '
U S Leather 500 13 . 12% 12%
U S leather pfd.. ..... .... . 83%
U S Rubber. 300 18% 18 .17 T /s
U S Rubber pfd 100 59 CO 69
U S Steel 16.600 | 42% 42 .42
U S Steel pfd 12,900 92% 92% 02%
Western Union . 1,400 93 02% 02%
Am Locomotive 14,100 3rt% 35% 35%
Am Locomot pfd... 9.600 98% 97% 98%
K C Southern 2,300 27% 26% 26%
lv C Southern pfd. 6,200 61% 00 60
Total sales 1,621,500 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO9% fc & N unified 4s. 102
Do 2s coupon. .109% Mex Cent 4s S4 '
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st inc .... 33%
Do 3s coupon... 10J>% Minn & St L 4s. .104%
Do new 4s reg.138 Wo, K & Tex 4s.l01
Do new 4s coupl39% Do 2ds 84
Do old 4s reg. .111% NY Cent lsts.,..104
Do old 4s coup.111% Do gen 3%8....1O9
Ijo 5s reg 105% N J Cent gen 5s.l41
Do 5s coupon. ..107 Nor Pacific 4s ...105Vi
Atch gen 4s 103 Do 3s 74%
Do adj 4s . 94% Nor & W con 4s.lO2
Bal & Ohio 4s... 102% Read Gen 4s 99%
Do 3%s 96% S L & Im con5s..U6%
Do Conv 4s ....108% S L & S F 4s.... 101
Can So 2ds 108 St Louis So lsts.100%
Cent of Ga 5s. \.. 112% Do 2ds ........ 86
Do 1st inc .... 87% S A & A Pass 4s. 01%
Ches & Ohio 4y.8.108% So Pacific 4s.... 05%
Chi & Alton 3%a- 89% So Railway 5s... 122%
2. B & Q new 4s.. 06^ Tex & Pac lsts.,120%
2. M & S P gn4s.H6 T, S L & W 4s.. 83
2 & N con 7s 136% Union Pacific 4s. 105%
r, R I & Pac 4s.ll2V4 Do conv 4s ....108%
X C. C & S Lgn4slO4% Wabash lsts ....120
:hi Term 4s 90 Do 2ds .110%
. Tolo So 4s 96 Do deb B . . 75%
Oen & R G 4s 104 West Shore 4s... 113%
Erie prior lien 4s.l00% W & L Erie 4s.. 02 .
Erie General 4s.. S7% Wis Cent 4s 92%
F W & D C lsts. .115% Con Tob 4s ; . . 60%
locking Val 4%s.lll
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, April 22.— Reports of rains in
the wheat belt tended toward an early demor
alization of the wheat pit j. Advices kept com
ing in, however, telling: of the almost i parched
condition of the' growing shooters and stating
that the' rains were by no means sufficient to
save crops. Those . who . thought prices would
go rattling, down soon moved to ¦ release^ their
short lines.' The Southwest had weakened ma
terially on the rains,- but soon advanced above
Chicago prices.. Clearing weather was report
ed where the rains were most needed and an
unexpected rise in prices followed. May open
ed "(©-tic to %@%c lower at 74Vi@74%e and
sold oft to 73%@7.4c. .Then came Bradstreet's
report -of 0.600,000, bushels decrease in the
world's visible and good buying resulted. Com
mission houses that had sold -, liberally early
t >r- the Southwest bought back rapidly. The
local crowd was bearishly. affected because the
weather., was!- somewhat; cloudy in Chicago.
This with reports 'of > more rains Southwest,
caused a little late selling, and after -May had
gold at 75 He. closed steady; :.i shade lower, at
1i%c. . * -.¦..¦'¦.¦¦¦•.•-•" •'¦-.. ¦"-' , '... " :
Corn was largely, under 'the Influence of the
wheat market and was something. of a waiting
affair. May closed firm, %c higher at C2&c.
Oats followed wheat and r corn. . The closo
wa-. firm.. %c up at 43'/4c .,,-.
Provisions were weakened early by a weak
her ' situation. '; There ! soon developed a strong
cash market and' packers 'offered fair support.
May pork and: lard closed 2%c s up and ¦ ribs
5@7%c higher. ' a;-: ;•;"-. ¦ -.*. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Sterling. Exchange, -60 days..... : — $4 86
Sterling Cables, sight.....:..... — 4 88%
Sterling Cables :...... — :; 4 89%
New Tork Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, ; per ounce 50% @ ¦ 51
Mexican Dollars, nominal. .'..'... — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard. $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25ig2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@2 50; Va
lenclas, $2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2
@3; Tangerines, in quarter- boxes, 75c@-5l
and $1 254il 50 In halt boxes; Lemons, 75c@
$1 for common and $1 25@1 75 for -good to
choice and $2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1
(33, including seedless; Mexican Limes, $4 50@
5"; Bananas. $2 25@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and (1 25@2 25 for* Hawallans; Pineap
ples, $3@4 per dozen.;
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for or
dinary.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $7013 per
chest; Maltndas, $4@6 per chest and $1@1 GO
per crate. , . ;
Supplies of all grades of Navel Oranges were
plentiful. -. The demand continued brisk for
small sizes of fancy stock, but large sizes were
not wanted. The quotations were unchanged,
but there were. not many. sold over $3 per box.
Six cars are announced for to-day's auction.
Lemons were dull, with supplies large. The
other fruits showed no change.
' Longworth Strawberries had a "wide range,
as some arrived In bad order and more were
very green and muddy. '- Mallndas were mostly
green and sold slowly, especially ' those in
crates. Attractive offerings of both brought
top prices readily. Receipts were 76 chests and
130 crates. > * * **
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits.
¦ BUTTER— Creamery, 10©20c .per pound for
fancy.- 18@lS%e for firsts and 17%c for sec
onds; dairy, lti@18c; store Butter. 14@15c per
pound.- ¦ ¦ ' • ¦
CHEESE— New. 9@10ct old, 9@llc; Young
America, RiplOc; Eastern, 13@15c per -pound.
EGGS — Ranch. 14©15c, with lCc for selected
large; store, 12%@14c per dozen.
Receipts were 68,400 pounds 1 bbl and 194
tubs of Butter, 2157 cases of Eggs. cases
Eastern Eggs, 1S.450 pounds California Cheese
and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
mento are both below this market ' and the
former i3 consigning to Seattle with a ' 20c
limit The third and last r car for -the' East
has gone, and no more Shipments in, this di
rection are expected.'* ->~ v. .•
There is nothing new in'Cheese. Stocks con
tinue liberal, with a tendency to accumulate.
The Egg market- continues as before.. Stocks
are ample for all needs, and while fancy ranch
are steady to firm the medium and lower grades
are rather 'easy ¦ than otherwise. Surplus re
cerpts are still being stored, and stocks in. cold
storage are now double those at this time last
year, while receipts are also considerably
larger, v , ' '. _ .
THE SAN lfEAKCISCO CAI^ WEDNESDAY; APKIL: 23, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
unchanged.' >; Prunes, ; 3"£@G%c. -.'. Apricots-
Royal. ¦ lQ\k@Vic; liHg;12c. Peafches
—Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled, 8011c. \
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
'LONDON. April 22.— Consols, ,'94%. - Silver,'
24d. '-.-, French : rentes,' . lOOf 02i/,c. ; Cargoes • on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California 29s; 4 %d; cargoes Walla Walla
28s Od; English country markets, firm, v-.ij.-y
i • LIVERPOOL. ; April 22.— WHEAT— Firm •
No. • 1 Standard . ' California, ¦ (!a . 3%d©flg - 4d ;
wheat In Paris, steady; 'flour In Paris, steady;
French country ; markets,™ - quiet; ¦ weather ' in
England, -light rain. - •. • . ¦ ¦ .-..-./
; t COTTON— Uplands, 5%d.
11
STATIONS.
u
o
n
' "i
S3 3 2
= c
« 3 ,
o
; o
t o'
tn
i
o
p
Aetorl* .30.20
©•Jlct 30.02
r,4
60
40
22
W
£W
Cloudy .02 I
Pt Cldy .00 1
Carson 30.02 48 24 W
Eureka 30.14 50 40 NW
Fresno 30.00 68 40 W
Flagstaff 20. 98 48 14 SW
Poeatello, Id... "JO. 00 4S 30 NW
Independence .2O.!)2 60 30 . SE
Lo« Angeles.. SO. 08 58 46 SW
Phoenix 29.96 72 48 NW
Portland 30.14 56 38 NW
Red Bluff .TO. 10 64 42 PE
Roseburg 30.06 62 38 W
Sacramento -.30. OS «4 42 S
Salt Lake 30.04 50 34 SW I
San Franclsco.30.14 58 4« W
San L. Obispo.30.14 6tt 40 W
San Diego ...30.08 <50 4S W-
Seattle 3(1.12 58 38 NW
Spokane- 20.98 f>8 34 E
Neah Bay ...30.14 52 38 W
Walla Walla..:*). 02 02 " 44 W *
Winnemucca .30.02 50 30 NE
Tumi 29.0(5 76 44 NW
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Rain T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
\Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .00
" Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
STATIONS.
u
o
n
' "i
S3 3 2
= c
« 3 ,
o
; o
t o'
tn
i
o
p
Aetorl* .30.20
©•Jlct 30.02
r,4
60
40
22
W
£W
Cloudy .02 I
Pt Cldy .00 1
Carson 30.02 48 24 W
Eureka 30.14 50 40 NW
Fresno 30.00 68 40 W
Flagstaff 20. 98 48 14 SW
Poeatello, Id... "JO. 00 4S 30 NW
Independence .2O.!)2 60 30 . SE
Lo« Angeles.. SO. 08 58 46 SW
Phoenix 29.96 72 48 NW
Portland 30.14 56 38 NW
Red Bluff .TO. 10 64 42 PE
Roseburg 30.06 62 38 W
Sacramento -.30. OS «4 42 S
Salt Lake 30.04 50 34 SW I
San Franclsco.30.14 58 4« W
San L. Obispo.30.14 6tt 40 W
San Diego ...30.08 <50 4S W-
Seattle 3(1.12 58 38 NW
Spokane- 20.98 f>8 34 E
Neah Bay ...30.14 52 38 W
Walla Walla..:*). 02 02 " 44 W *
Winnemucca .30.02 50 30 NE
Tumi 29.0(5 76 44 NW
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Rain T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
\Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .00
" Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
AUCTION SALES,
J» THE LAST fe'
Auction Sale
OF THE SEASOX.
16 Race Horses in Training
TO-DAT (WEDNESDAY), APRIL 23.
Commencing at 11 a. m., -*;
At Oakland Racetrack.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Inaugural
At My New Place,
246 THIRD STREET.
: 60 Driving Horses
afiv'ii^ 1 (Gentle and well broken),
BUGGIES, CARTS HARNESS.
P.OBES, BLANKETS. WHIPS ETC., ETC
: All in Perfect Order. . .
This la a rare opportunity for seekers after
yeung and fine looking, well-broken hones,
weighing from 1000 to 1500 pounds; suitably
to: all purposes; most of them city broke:
fin© saddle horses, etc.. as well as perfectly
matched teams; besides many articles Indis-
pensable to all horse owners.
MONDAY. APRIL 28, 1002,
Commencing at 11 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. _i
Office 246 Third st., near Folsom.
(Formerly 721 Howard street.)
> *. WM. O. LATNG. Auctioneer.
ife> fe> i^
AUCTION SALE OF
HORSES
AT J. D. 'hORAJTS STOCK YARDS. COR.
10TH AND BRYANT ST8.. SATURDAY.
APRIL. 26TH. AT 11 A. M.
Ey order of M. Hartley of Merrill. Oregon.
I will sell 100 broken and unbroken horses,
mares, ' young mules and colts. ¦
¦ •¦ ----- - - J. D. HORAN. 'no_textno_textno_textno_textAltmeir Is Again Convicted^
Henry Altmeir was convicted j in Judge
L,awlor"s court yesterday on a charge of
burglary in the second ] degree ; for'break
ing Into the lodging-house of 'Mrs. Kate
Hatney, at 501 - Post street, June : 9, 1900,*
and stealing a gold watch and'an^.over
coat. Altmeir,' who Is an ex-convict, .was
convicted on the same charge some
months ago, but succeeded in getting a
new trial. .^AgBManlmgfiBgK*, * y.
... ¦ ¦ -
Interesting. Programme Will BeCar-
ried Out Saturday at New Chil
dren's Playground. .
The gymnasium. department of the Co
lumbia Park Boys' Club will give, an.in
teresting, exhibition^at the new . children's
playground next Saturday afternoon at, 2
o'clock. The programme arranged for the
day; is as follows: .Entrance of the' boys
in military uniforms, led by the drum and
bugle corps of twenty-two pieces; setting
up exercises; intermission of ten minutes
during which a' change of uniforms -will
be.made to gymnasium, suits; running
broad jumping; body-building exercises
class work on -parallel bars and' buck
25-yard dashes by the entire gymnasium
membership. . ¦ •».,
This programme serves to illustrate the
thought . underlying the club physical
training, which is to create a' body of
tycys' evenly developed In every depart
ment of gymnasium work, rather than a
small 'collection of star gymnasium ¦ per-'
formers. The head worker of the club is
Sidney S. Peixotto, and Charles Merz is
gymnasium instructor.
PREPARATIONS for the Irish Fair
are ; going on without . cessation.
Seventy skilled artisans and deco-'
rators are working night and day
to construct in Mechanics' Pa
vilion miniature representations of the
famous castles, towers and churches' of
Ireland. When the work is completed it
will be possible by visiting the fair for. one
to-gain an idea of the historical scenes of
Erin. Every one of the thirty-two coun
ties will have a booth for the a*splay of
its resources, and the festival will un
doubtedly be the most elaborate and
magnificent of its kind ever given in this
State, if not in the entire country.- '-..
Visitors to the fair will pass through a
representation of the famous St. Law
rence Gate of Drogheda, This massive gate
is the best preserved of the many-ancient
gates of Drogheda. It is more than ninety
feet in height. . On its stone sides and on
the surrounding walls may still.'.be 3een
the abrasions made by the .cannon bails
during many sieges. "When complete, ths
fortifications to which this gate was.tno
entrance covered sixty-five good Irish
acres. The famous priory of St. Lawrence
stood near this historic passageway 'and
from it in all probability the gate derived
its name. ..It was not on/the side' of tV.e
town that bore the brunt of Cromwell's
ciesporjte and successful, assault in Sep
tember, 1649. ' and thus escaped the .'.e
.•iruction met with by the other portions
of the fortifications. Antiquarians , deem
this gate one of the most Interesting ruins
of Europe.
Malahide Castle to Be Shown.
Around the sides of the Pavilion will be
COLUMBIA \ PARK BOYS
TO GIVE AN /EXHIBITION
arranged many, booths, constructed in:im
itation of historic castles and towers. One
•of the most noted of these will be Mala
hide Castle, the original ; of which stands
in County Dublin, near the village of
Malahide, overlooking the island of Lam
bay. This castle, belonged to theTalbots,
who. like their- neighbors, the St. Law
rences k of . Howth.'.'have managed to hold
on tO'their -possessions ' around Dublin
since 1172, 'when Henry II of.- England
granted the' lordship of Malahide to one
Richard Talbot, brother of Sir . Geoff rey,
who had performed, important service in
England for Henry's mother, the remorse
less Empress Maud. '¦•/'¦¦ . ; . • >"
This. castle preserves the characteristics
of the Plantaganet period, although it has
v been, changed. slightly and added to on
Several occasions. 1 • The front, • with | its
castellated towers and ivy clad buttresses
i still makes a very imposing appearance
and its representation at the Pavilion will
be one of the features of the Irish fair.
Like Going Back to Olden Days.
A view of the Malahide Castle and also
the other famous scenes will be like mak
ing a trip back into the splendid days of
chivalry. It i is calculated- that* the fair,
will ; be. a great, educator to the young
Irish-Americans who have never had the
opportunity- of- treading the -.'sod of the
land of their '.ancestors. ; .
. The Irish people of the' city are making
great arrangements" for >the fair. Each
county has its representatives and they
are laboring incessantly to have their
booth and .their exhibit surpass all the
others. * There < is considerable friendly
rivalry in this respect, and nights at home
and entertainments: are being given to
raise the necessary, funds.-. It is estimated
that 90,000 feet of lumber and several thou
sand feet of buntiifg will be used in decor
ating the . interior of- the Pavilion. The
work of constructing the castles and tow
ers is being done: by Shea & Shea, the
architects, and they have selected Charles
j B. ...Tidball to superintend the work.
Says She Furnished Bail.
Frances M. Hyers, who achieved con
siderable notoriety a few days ago by
causlng the arrest of II. W. . Hyers, her
husband, on a charge of attempting to
take her life, and then refusing to pros
ecute him, filed a suit yesterday for an
injunction restraining N. A. McConaghy
from withdrawing the $1000 deposited by
him as bail to secure her husband's re
lease from prison. She charges that Mc-
Conaghy will, unless restrained by the
court, withdraw the deposit and convert
it to his own use. The money, she al
leges, was given by her to McConaghy.
. City Attorney Lane filed an important
opinion yesterday relative to the mode of
procedure on the part of the Board of
Supervisors for the acquisition of the
Geary-street road. Lane holds that,
though the . franchise of the corporation
does not . expire until " November, 1903.
there is nothing to prevent the city .from
beginning preliminary proceedings at once
for. a bond issue with the view of having
the municjpality operate the line as soon
as- the franchise' expires. Lane further
advises that only one election is neces
sary for . the submission to the electors
of the proposition to construct a street
railroad and to incur a 'bonded indebted
ness : therefor. Continuing, Lane says:
It seems to me the plain dictum of common
sense that the city . is . not to be compelled to
await the termination. of an existing franchise
before itself preparing to build and operate a
street railway, if such is its desire. There is
no provision of the charter nor of the statutes
which requires any legal proceeding to be taken
by the city upon the expiration of a franchise.
The franchise, as I have said in a previous
opinion, dies upon November 6, 1903, by virtue
of its own conditions. The street then becomes
free for other occupancy. | The city, knowing
this, may determine In advance what its policy
as to such street shall be, and proceed, prior
to . the expiration of the franchise, .to have
plans and estimates made for a municipal
street railway, to present to the people at an
election the proposition of acquiring such util
ity and Incurring a bonded indebtedness there
for, and upon the issuance and sale of the
bonds the city may make ready, by purchasing
equipment, construction of buildings and other
wise, to have its .own road '-equipped and In
operation as soon as may be physically possible
after the franchise of the Geary Street, Park
and Ocean Railroad Company expires.
Roadbed Belongs to the City.
. The position which .-I should advise the city
to take is that the roadbed and subway now In
position are fixtures attached to the realty;
that the Iron, cement and stone of .which they
are made have become a part of the street and
cannot be removed without the consent of the
city. V
When the franchise has ceased to give the
Geary Street, Park. and Ocean Railroad Com
pany the right to, use the streets for railroad
purposes, such company becomes a trespasser If
It attempts to tear up the street without per
mission of the city, and - the roadbed and sub
way, though not, perhaps, the removable tracks
themselves, are at the disposition of the mu
nicipality. I mave held In a previous opinion
that ; a franchise not accepted and used ¦ was
abandoned. If my information is correct, the
franchise granted to the Geary Street, Park
and Ocean' Railroad Company to connect the
Geary street road with a line on Market street
was never accepted and used, and I accordingly
hold that such a franchise does not exist and
does not stand in the way ot the proposed mu
nicipal railroad. ¦
Only One; Election. . Required.
In no* opinion but one election is required for
the submission to the electors of the proposition
to construct a street railroad and Incur a
bonded Indebtedness therefor, when the Board
of Supervisors determines the necessity for such
construction and bond Issue. Two • elections
may. be required by the charter, when under
section 3 the electors petition that the question
of acquisition . be submitted to them, and the
Supervisors do not so determine, but upon this
question I. do not. pass. It, Is said In section 3
that "nothing in 'this section shall be ao con
strued as to prohibit the Supervisors from re
sponding to the aforesaid petition * • • by
proceedins at once"- under section 6. and "from
proceeding thereafter to acquire the same In
¦ the manner., hereinafter provided."
. I have given much consideration to this ques
tion, because I am aware that It has been the
opinion of some that two elections .were neces
sary in such a cgse as : Is here presented, and
there is some general language of very doubtful
meaning In section 2." and particularly tn section
V which would justify such opinion, were It not
for what appears | to me .to.be the specific and
definite language of the sections which I have
quoted. - ¦ ¦.-¦¦¦
In answer to your questions as to when can
the. proceedings ¦ t or ¦ the .acquisition, construc
tion and operation of this proposed municipal
read v be commenced? How. and in what form,
shall, said proceedings be taken? When shall
each step In said proceedings be taken? If my
Information is correct, you have already begun
the proceedings required by the charter looking
to the construction . of such road by securing,
through the City Engineer, plans and estimates
for such railroad. ; This beins so, I am not
aware , of . any reason - for, delaying an election
longer than may be necessary to complete the
new registration which is now : proceeding.
"No Strike."
There Is no strike in our factory. Ail
orders can be promptly "filled. LeibolJ
Harness Co.. 211 Larkin street. •
CITY MAY TAKE
ACTION AT ONCE
The investigation into the charge
against Sykes consumed so much time
that the argument which was to have
l>een n;ade by opposing attorneys in the
trial of Professor William Zimmermann
•who is accused of lack of discipline, was
postponed until this morning.
John Prosek. attorney for Sykes. char
acterizes the proceedings as an attempt
at blackmail and says that Sykes will be
able to explain the charges away.
Section 142. Any employe of the School De
partment who willfully fails or neglects to pay
bis or her just debts, having- the ability to do
fo, shall bo *unj?ct to suspension or dismissal
from the department.
The only way in which Sykes can es
cape trial by the Board of Education will
be for him to agree to pay the debts
which, it is asserted, he has contracted
snd neglected to pay. The rule which
Sykes is charged with violating and which
may prove his undoing is as follows:
Directors Mark and Roncovieri when
asked about the case did not deny that
The charge mentioned had been made
ugainst Sykes and intimated that the mat
ter was a serious one for the accused
pedagogue. The Directors further said
ihat Sykes would be compelled to answer
further charges which would be filed
against him this morning by . certain
tradesmen for failure to pay for goods
sold him.
Sykes was closeted with the Board of
EGuctition for more than three hours in
an endeavor to explain why he had not
paid the money he had borrowed in viola
tion oi an express rule of the board. None
of the Directors were willing to discuss
the accusations made against Sykes at
The end of their inquiry. They explained
that the communication containing the
» barges against Sykes was sent by Mrs.
Swail to .President Denman personally.
The laiter, however, had laid the matter
before his colleagues to determine on a.
course of action.
Sykes has been cited to appear by the
board to answer the allegation of Mrs.
Swail that he had repeatedly : borrowed
sums of money from her aggregating an
amount exceeding *li»j. Tlie money was
borrowed by Sykes during the last live
years and he had given in return certain
promissory notes to secure payment of
tJi<? loans.
commercial law and geology in thu
commercial department of me Lancoin
School, ha* persistently violated a rule ot
the board Dy not paying his just debts.
The major portion of the Board of Ed
ucation's tecret session yesterday was
taken up with the investigation of a
charge that James B. Sykes, teacher of
SEIZURE OF SMUGGLED GOODS.—Cus
toms Inspectors Head and Bennineer seized
yesterday on the r-teair.Khin Doric 2W) ellk capH
and IRij ciears that had been concealed in the
forecastle cf the vessel.
Notwithstanding the fact that the
guests had to walk there was a large at-,
tendance last night in Golden Gate Hall
at the entertainment arranged by the so
cial committee of Ivy Chapter No. 27 of
the Order of the Eastern Star. The hall
was . decorated with folds of soft cloth,
gracefully draped over colored incandes
cent globes, producing a soft, mellow light
that was pleasant to the eye. - "
The programme included the following
numbers, which were well received: .
Overture, orchestra; Mable Kennedy, fancy
dance; William McDonald, basso solo. Farce,
"Cut Off With a Shilling" — Sam Gaythome. A.
La Norte; Mrs. Gaythome, Mae F. O'Keefe;
Colonel Berners, Ed Pollock. Duet, "The Gyp
pies," Alvina Heuer Wilson,. Emilie Parent; C.
M. Freed, coon selections; "Billy" Bracket,
monologist; solo, Alvina. Heuer Wilson.
Dancing followed and was kept up un
til a late hour, there being no rush to
catch the last car. The programme of
dances was in imitation of a large ivy
leaf. The following- named composed the
several committees:
Entertainment — Mrs. Francis Bonifield, chair
man; Mrs. Adelaide Hlckei, Mrs. Carrie Gor
don. Mrs. Minnie Wallis.
Reception — Mrs. Harriet Noah, Mrs. Susie
Lockwood. Mrs. Abbie Salisbury. Mrs. Jennie
Glares. Mrs. Cornelia Gray. Mrs. Helen Patter-
Eon. Charles L.. Field, John Kimball, James
Gordon, Andrew Hendry. Wilkes Madden.
The officers o* the chapter are:
Mrs. Robert Tisdale. -worthy matron; Frank
McGowan, worthy patron; Mrs. Samuel Wallis,
associate matron; Mrs. Carrie A. Anthony,
treasurer: Mrs. E. Salisbury, secretary; Mrs.
Mary L. Reddick, conductress; Mrs. C. Som
mer. associate conductress; Mrs. S. Lockwood,
marshal; Samuel Wallis, chaplain; Miss May
Dow. Adah: Miss Sadie Cross, Ruth: Mrb.
Fannie KellogK. Esther: Mrs. Oscar Hlckel,
Martha; Mrs. Frank McGowan, Electa.; Mrs.
Albert Wapple, warder; Mrs. E. Roedecker,
sentinel.
Stands Accused of ¦Neg
lecting- to Pay His \
'y Just Debts.
Pleasant Function Given
. "by the Eastern Star
.Fraternity, v
TEACHER SYKES
IS UNDER FIRE
IVY CHAPTER'S
ENTERTAINMENT
Seventy Skilled Artisans and Decorators : Are ; Working Day:; and
Night to Transform Mechanics' Pavilion^ Into a Scene Represent
ing Historical Castles, Towers and Churches of Old • Erin
ELABORATE PREPAR ATIONS BEING
MADE FOR IRISH FAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,- APRIL 23,; 1902.
14
CASTLES AND TOWERS THAT ARE
] BEING REPRODUCED IN MINIA
:,-TUREFOR THE IRISH FAIR.
LACES, EMBROIDERIES,
HANDKERCHIEFS.
SPECIAL SALE.
VALENCIENNES LACES.
* This week we will place on sale a Yem
> large imrortation of FRENCH VALEN-
CIENNES LACES. Theu come all widths,
with Insertinas to match, and we have
fiillu 350 different patterns,
Prices 25c to S3.OO piece.
EMBROIDERIES.
50,000 uards FINE WHITE EMBROID-
ERIES. In 'nainsook, cambric and Swiss.
These are^ in all widths, from h Xq 14
inches, Prices 5c to 5Oc yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
1000 dozen UNLADNDERED and DEMI-
LAUNDERED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS,
Mh embroidered and hemstitched.
35c and 25c each.
: ; We have also received an elegant line of
* ECRU, CREAM and WHITE POINT VEN-
ICE GALOONS, CREAM and BLACK
ESCURIAL GALOONS, CREAM and -BLACK
CHANTILLY GALOONS and ALL-OVER
> NETS to matchj also a great variety FINE
WHITE LAWN TUCKINGS, with Valen-
ciennes Insertings, suitable for liiins 1
waists. ;
_
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed f nrfna m pig »
forwarded free to any address. %
ill. 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST SF.^EET.
POINT REYES BUTTER 29c.
Best Dairy Butter. Sample at Store.
TELEPHONE TOUR ORDER.
pnCCCCJava and Mocha. Very OC.
bUrrttbest. Pound ZOC
No prizes; Just pure coffee. Usual 35c.
GOLD DUST, 20c pkff. 15c.
PEARLINEpa^les^En!? 31c
SWIFTS WASHINa' POVVOKK. 1b. 4c.
'MAINTGrAHS^A 1^ oc,
cans 3 for Zuu
FLOUR, ANT BRAND, 85c.
SAND SOAP Kf^.^EI. 8 25Sv
Makes cleaning cheerful. Usual 6c.
MIXED S^VEET PICKLES, qt. 20c.
WILSON RYE^ I ! k^:...£!EET5c
That's all. . „
ORDERS CALLED FOR.
SOCIAL TEA 1^!!:..^.^; 15c
National Biscuit Co.. makers ot Cham-
pagne, Sugar. Athena. Romona and 10
other varieties. Sample at store.
HORSESHOE WHISKEY, qt. 55c.
ASTI WINES Sr.. o r.! h !!!r;. 65c-
Rich six-year-old. Sample our wines.
Usually (LOO. .'_ :»¦ .
JAVA AND MOCHA, broken. 3 lba. 5Qc.
RAILWAY EftTFLOYES. We srant
request. 10 per cent discount during
strike. •
JESSE MOORE WHISKEY. 65c.
Hotels, Resorts and Stores— Send list of
what you want. We will send prices.
_Saturday nights— Our usual sale. Best
119 TAYLOR STREET! '
\ •".. y PHONE HOWARD 102L
§2 wc& «* R^ ¦ jB2$&bm. ib
McAllister and fillmore sts.,
PHONE PAGE 5456.
ORIZABA \
COFFEE
50c pound.
Richest Flavored Coffee Grown.
KONA KOFFEE KOHPANY,
SOLE AGENTS,
145 STOCKTON ST., Near Geary
Opposite the City of' Paris Dry Goods Co.
Phone Bush 510.
DDTTCUPC TOR BARBEKS. BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maiers. eanncn.
dyer*, flourmilla. toundrles. laundries, p»p«r-
hangers, • printers, painters, snoe (actoriea,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «ta
t.LCUAlV"A;N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramonto Si
Tau ngnatore Is on every box of the getratas
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
t tbr* remedy that enm a eefcl la ••• *•?*
Th'Q :: N€wi;Bloo(dl?and^
ANOTHER TRIURflPHFOft; CUTICURA
CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS (Chocolate Coated) are a; new,
- tasteless, odorless, economical substitute for the celebrated liquid
CUTICURA RESOLVENT, as well as for all ,other blood purifiers and
humour cures. . , Each , pill, is equivalent to T one teaspoonf ill of. liquid
RESOLVENT. Put up in screw-capped pocket vials, > containing: the
same number of doses as a 50c. bottle of liquid 'RESOLVENT, price
25c. CUTICURA PILLS are alterative, antiseptic," tonic, and digestive,
and beyond question the purest, sweetest/ most successful and econ-
omical blood < and skin purif ierg," humour cures, and tonic-digestives
yet • compounded. -Samples . free by : -- mall : to all friends and patrons
of CUTICURA SOAP. .;; J.". 1 ',- : ',\-;. ' " ¦'• •': •;" I ['¦¦'. ".. : '
Complete External arid Internal Treatment for Every Humour, $1.00.
.-.. ConsUtlhs: of CtmccRA Soap, 25c;, to' cleanse the skin of crust*
A* ,_. and Bowles and soften the thickened cuticle; octiul'ra Ointment,
£ B M S Bh*H^W*5S 63c., to instautlv allay itching:, inflammation, and Irritation and
%8J&&&'U«All£B soothe and heal; and Cuticlra Res<»lvekt Pill«, 25c., to cool
- , -,.-. .and cleanse the blood. A Single Set. is often sufficient to cure
Tlio C5o+ <&f -the tno»t torturinjr, dleflfurliijc," and hymiliatinjr ekin, scalp, and
1116 wei »»I bi oo d humours, With logs of hair, •when nil else falls." Sold through-
out the world. British Depot: 27-'28, Charterhouse Sq., London.' -French Depot: 5Eueda
la Palx, 1'arle.i I'otteb Dkcg akp Cueji. Cohf., Sole Props., Boston, U.S. A.
tKe Finest .Bread'
©a\d Gaclce
HCYAt BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
It is conceded tnat Royal
; Baking Powder is purest and
strongest of all baking pow-
ders, absolutely free from alum,
ammonia and every aaffller|
#rit. " Royals makes the; best
and most wholesome food;
rBffl^MiiTsffis»iT¥fr*f J Wfiif^ffls^^"*'^^ < *^^«^ uKf j>^J^&u7j*3!m KmBD
#"} Here is another of the stylish things we show for 1002. Basket \
\ Body, Rubber Tires. Whiocord Trim. Just the thing for summer. use. J ;
< Come in and examine our stock. X
>^ Ask for 1902 catalogues. - " j
§ OF GAIilFO'RNlA*. |
|| Market and 10th Streets. San Francisco. <\
ADVEBTISEME2TI&
:^