'MILLIONAIRE -.."WHO. IS; THE
.LEADER OF THE SOCIALISTS
. OF. BELGIUM. :
CONGRESSMEN WHO FIGURED. IN THE SENSATIONAL DEBATE IN
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES YESTERDAY DURING CON
SIDERATION OF THE CUBAN RECIPROCITY BILL.
Continued, on Page Two.
-r VIENNA,'- April : 18.— A newspaper here
reports * that ; the ; Grand ; Duchess Helena
of . Russia . r recently ; elope5 .with a student^
that: they 'we're arrested \ at Warsaw and
that^thejstudent was sentto Siberia. The
report"' ls.| discredited ' here. . ' '
f .The Grand Duchess Helena; of Russia Is
the! only- daughter * of ;the, Grand Duke
yiadihiir,:. uncle .of 'the* Czar. She was
born; January .: 29/; 1882. \lf.
>yienna- Newspaper Reports That Shs
, ; WakiCaught and Her Compan
. - ' . . ion : Sent to" Siberia .
GRAND DTJCECESS \ HELENA •
- IS SAID TO 'HAVE ELOPED
He Will Attempt to Sail His Airship
' Around the Statue of
NEW YORK. April 17.— M. Santos Du
mont, who circled the Eiffel Tower In
Paris, will attempt to sail his airship over
and around the Statue of early
In the summer. A syndicate of J60.00O has .
been formed by the Brooklyn Rapid Tran
sit officials and prominent New Yorkers
to defray the expenses of the daring Bra
zilian aeronaut's demonstrations. " The
exhibitions will open at Brighton Beach
and continue one month. M. Santos Du
mont has verbally agreed to the arrange
ments, and he will sign a written contract
when he returns in ten days from SL
Louis. He will send to Paris for his
banooaJ&BBB
SANTOS DUMONT TO GIVE
_ EXHIBITION IN NEW YOEZ
; " : . . solve Parliament. •
VBRUSSELS/^prli ' 17.-After the^.ad
journment of the Chamber to-day a mon
ster Socialist -meeting was held in the
MaisonVduPeuple^ M. Van Dervelde and
others-made speeches, -but : the gathering
.was 'orderly. : '. " ' ' : . "
Senator La , Fontaine to-night , made ' a
final-, appeal : to King -Leopold to. avert a
struggle \ by' some concessions. : According
Xo '^tlie^best': information. T ' however, the
'King Is hot! Inclined to dissolve the Parlia
ment. ¦;";.'.- :'¦¦¦'.. - ¦'¦¦¦;.¦/-•'
Rioting is' r reported : to have occurred at
Arlon,".where several ' strikers and a mem
ber ot-the Civic Guard were wounded.
,. It- is rumored that a .company of the
Civic Guard 'has mutinied at Schaerbeek,
a suburb' of Brussels!'
The V strikers are -receiving money and
assistance* from England; and /Germany.
Kingr ; Leopold^ Still - Refuses to Dia-
riNAL'v APPEAL IS MADE.
; Then turning '¦¦ to the '¦' sponsors for "the
bill he paid his^respects to Payne. ;Dal-
Amid general laughter he . quoted Cas-'
slus* speech .to his. conspirators, describ
ing Caesar ~ as a colossus and -blaming
the conspirators themselves for. being un
derlings, and-8aying : lt was a\waste of
time' for ; the people; of Washington: to
pay to see the Liliputlans, . who 'are giv
ing an exhibition at a local. theater, when
they could come up to the House gal
lery and . witness . the exhibition oh the
floor of .the » House. He , announced ' that
he . proposed to devote his .attention/ to
putting ->omo spokes: in the wheel" :{ of
the' machine which ¦ its . designers " ; had :• not
ordered, and promised later : to t deliver .'a
speech on \he rules "so hot that it would
have to be' printed on asbestos paper.";- •
"We adopted a set of rules," said/ he,
"which" are ' an absolute disgrace to this
House. They .are unrepubllcan; 'undem
ocratic and ..un-American, r (Democratic
applause.) ' They are rotten at both ends.
They L rob the Individual '-. member ; of his
rights and 'place 'upon ;;'. some:, members
duties which : they ,ha.ve; no,. chance;, to
fulfill." ¦ (Renewed applause and laugh
ter.). ; :¦¦/ ¦ . i ¦ ¦ .-.._ ¦ .;¦_ ,-¦-' . ; ,. : .=3
On tne calendar 'the -bill remained "until
the . Speaker" was ready, to , have ¦ jt'f con
sidered/'. He disclaimed, any- Intention , of
reflecting upon the. Speaker personally 'or
publicly, as he had the highest regard
for -him. It. was: the result; of -the mem
bers themselves,, he said;, that they were
powerless before' the machine -that t con-"
trolled, the. House. '•¦'¦'' - ' .'¦
"It is called) the calendar," he said,
"although it; should be cailled the ceme
tery, because' If is 'strewn ..with.: the
whitened bones . of legislative '. hopes/' ;
FOWERLESS , BEFORE ) MACHINE.
"If there is any c#e here who desires
to deny;' that statement." said he,""paus
ing, ' "I , am ' here to bear valuable testi
mony -for his .benefit. . Why is it the
Speaker sets up his immaculate Judg
ment against that . of - members?". • he
asked, .and, then 'proceeded, to describe,
amid the applause : of. the Democrats and
many Republicans, [how' a bill, .after .its
introduction', was finally worked through
the , committee to .- the calendar. ¦; v . ' ¦' .
that the Speaker's position was responsi
ble for the change of attitude of many
of the members, and followed thisstate
ment with a. very outspoken and almost
sensational-criticism of the power exer
cised by the Speaker. He declared that
he was prepared to make the statement
that.no bill, private or public, could be
considered without the Speaker's ap
proval. . \
CushmanDeclaresthe
House Is Run by
Machine.
-*r yASHIXGTON, April 17.
11 yH / General debate on the
H /B / - Cuban reciprocity bill
¦r jar will close to-morrow at
* * Z o'clock, and it is the
intention of the House
leaders. If possible, to force a final .vote
on the passage of the bill before adjourn
ment to-morrow night. All day long the
leaders were counting noses and prepar
ing for the final struggle to-morrow. The
Democrats are badly split " on the bill.
The opponents of tfce bill occupied most
cf the time of the debate to-day, the
feature being a vigorous speech by Cusn
znan (R.) of Washington against the
measure. Cushman arraigned the Com
mittee on Rules and the House leaders
In a breezy aJid at times sensational fash
ion. A portion of his criticism was in a
eemi-humorous vein, but some of it was
decidedly caustic. De Armond, one of the
leading Democrats of £he House, deliv
ered a forcible speech in favor of tariff
reduction on trust articles. The other
rpeakers were Pierce of Tennessee. Doug
las of New York and Lacey of Iowa for
the bill, and Jenkins of Wisconsin,
Gainea of West Virginia, Warner of Illin
ois, Gardner of Michigan, Jones of Wash
ington and Loud of California against It.
Loud declared that directly and indirectly
Cuba already had cost the United States
one thousand million dollars. ¦ ' .
OPPOSITION TO BILL.
The House began its session at 11
o'clock in order to expedite the Cuban
reciprocity bill. A veto message was re
ceived from President Roosevelt of a bill
pensioning Thomas F. \ Walter, and was
referred to the Committee on - Invalid
Pensions.
Consideration of the Cuban reciprocity
bill was resumed and Jenkins of Wiscbn
eln spoke on the political status of Cuba,
maintaining that there could be no sus
pended sovereignty, and that at the pres
ent time Cuba was under the political do
minion of the United States.
Jenkins opposed the bill because our
relations toward Cuba .were not (such as
to permit of the proposed reciprocity
treaty. .
Gaines of West Virginia also opposed
the bill, declaring that It was unnecessary
and unwise.
Warner of Illinois, who followed, "was
also against the bill. He insisted that the
measure wa« not along Republican lines
end when he declared that at heart a
majority of the members on the Repub
lican side were opposed to the Republican
measure, the Republican opponents of the
bill gave him a round of applause.
DE ARMOND AND TRUSTS.
De Armond of Missouri made a speech
¦which attracted much attention. He em
ployed his vitriolic comment upon the at
titude of members with his accustomed
freedom. Calling attention to the fact
that members of bpth sides, whether
tb*}~ opposed or advocated the measure,'
Cushman of Washington made a breezy
5?peecri against the bill. . He declared . that
a majority of the Republican House to
day were* opposed,". although^ a majority,
were to-day; convinced that it 1 would '¦ be
better for them'tb favor it.; He intimated
CUSHMAN, ; SCORES SYSTEM.
as opposed.; to ¦ the. proposition he refuses
to consider." (Democratic applause.) ¦ ' ; i
"That will be our chance." he said.
"You are either, for this trust or you
are ag.Unst it. If you are against It do not
let a spider-web rule stand in your path.1
I,', for one, do not purpose to allow- Buch
a film to bar my way when I have" an op
portunity to , do service for the j Ameri
can, people. The man. who votes to sus
tain ; the chair will stand in hlstory/ahd
before his" constituents and- this ; House
But De Armond warned .¦ the members
that they could not Justify themselves
with such a plea.
Proceeding, De Armond i explained that
later on a motion ; would be -made "'to
amend the £ bill to . take the differential
off refined sugar— the differential- put in
the bill for the benefit of the trust. Then,
he said,- would come the "beautiful Epec
tacle jj we . have witnessed so. often— the
rules would stand in the way and.memr
bers would hide behind the rules."
"I think," -he exclaimed, "that ' the
tariff - should be reformed \ by the friends
of the American people."..-; ~X<'£~.ij?. :-.
It was contended,.; said he, on' the other
side, that the tariff' which* had developed
the gigantic trusts should be reformed by
its friends. ' * r< i V
"Fortunatelr,"' . he ; said ironically,
"there - will be opportunity later' oh" for
members to show by their votes that they
have not misrepresented themselves."
HIDING BEHIND RULES.
Speaking of the sugar trust, he observed
that to hear, members, talk 'one would
think there' was ! nothing so friendless- in
the House as this trust. : ' .
Justified their course by an appeal to^
their party principles, he remarked \ that'
viewed from these diverse, standpoints,;
the measure was indeed a' remarkable
departure In .legislation. He commented
upon the statement of General Grosvenbr
a few days - ago that . later the ; high
rates of the Dlngley law would be reduced
and revised by friends of that act If the
rates were too high, he saw. no j reason
why the reduction should not occur now
and in this connection ; ref erred'"sarcas
tically to' the Babcock bill, to place steel
on , the free . list. Its . author, had -voted
against the bill in committee and. he inti
mated broadly that the purpose of its in
troduction was to: hold-up the steel trust
and other kindred trusts for the benefit of
his party in the coming campaign!'. '¦• ..
,' TheTstrike : in * the Brussels district has
practically, ended. '" The diamoc-^ workers
of Antwerp did not strike. -
The. strikers. In '.the Liege district now
number 40,000, and ' the strike at Vervier
has/extended to all the surrounding com
'munes:_',;.ThV striking miners; at La Lou
'.vlere/however/declared to-day that they
i would , resume : work shortly. /At : Herstal
>2000;men haye'returhed to work.
M. Van Dervelde, the. leader, of the So*
cialist party in Belgium, although an Ad
vocate of the partition of wealth, Is a
millionaire^ He is a lawyer in Brussels,
Is I a doctor ¦ of laws, . and Us professor of
the' school for higher studies. He is 36
years old,^ and* has been in Parliament
for> number of years, being for several
sessions, the .youngest member. -He: Is one
of the most active men", in the Chamber,
taking part energetically in all discus
sions, and the King's fiercest critic.' His
arrest ,on. Saturday was 'due. -to mistaken
Identity, and j after . his j release he' ad*
dressed the mobs and asked them to de
sist'from,violence. ;-.,
LEADER A MILLIONAIRE.
M. Van • Dervelde agreed to this and
the Chamber, unanimously fixed the houv
for the - vote; on the' question of a revis
ion of the constitution at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternon.
After a : violent> speech by M. Janson
(Progressionist), who declared the Gov
eminent was forcing the country over the
brink^of i civil- war, the Premier said the
Government. was willing, -'for the sake of
peace, to withdraw the closure . proposal.
have murdered . one.' of .the : people," fol
lowed,' the '¦ announcement. The . Premier/
remarking: that he d^ecllnea^ to notice such
•.'calutriMra^/sald^the^extete^^^^theb
national instltuitlohV was at ; stake. .The
Government ; p was .responsible for"' the
honor 1 and ' destiny . of '¦ the country and
was ;: conscious of Its duty. He then In
vited the J Chamber, to reject the pro
posed i consideration , of tho proposal to
revise the constitution.
The Negro People's Christian Congress
at Atlanta, Ga., August 6-U, was\then
acted upon. The rate is on© fare and a
third, with a nine-month ticket. The Iron
Molders* Union of North America, In
Canada, July 7-23, is also one fare and a
third, with nine months' time. For the
National Grand Army Encampment at
Washington, D. C, October 6-U. the rate
will be one first-class ticket one way,
with thirty days' time. The Southern Pa
cific and Santa Fe roads will send repre
sentatives to this encampment and en
deavor to bring the next annual reunion
to the coast. The* Old Guard* of New
York will come to this coast in May, 1903.
There will be about 500 lii the party. The
railroad men decided that action on this
matter was premature and it was de
ferred. Military business and Inter
changeable mileage are again on the
docket : for to-morrow.
NEW RATE SCHEDULES.
lAt the meeting to-day a rate was made
to those who wish to attend the "Sum
mer School" at the University of Cali
fornia. They were given a $50 rate from
Chicago, the same rate as to the Shrin
ers' meeting, with the exception that they
are allowed till August 20, while the
Shriners* ticket will expire August 10. The
letter carriers hold a convention at Den
ver September 1-6. . A committee will con
sider a rate and report later to Chairman
Charlton.
The Santa Fe representatives at the
meeting here appear to understand that
there is something in the air. To say
that there is a chilliness arising between
the Southern Pacific representatives and
the Santa Fe men would exaggerate the
matter, but at the same time there id
not the friendliness shown here between
the two roads that there was in the past.
Although both the Southern Pacific ami
Santa Fe roads disclaim that there ever
was an agreement In regard to rates and
the distribution of traffic it is a known
fact that such an agreement was made.
Should the Southern Pacific leave the as
sociation, this agreement would immedi
ately - be dissolved.
HARRIMAN INDEPENDENT.
j President Harriman is a railroad man
who ' is strongly averse to combinations
or pools. He believes that any road that
he 13 connected with is able to take care
-oiritsielff— Slkifla*- the ; Rock Island - wtJU^
draw : from * the association, It will be
looked upon' by railroad men at this
meeting as the advance" signal for the
Harriman system of roads to follow suit.
Should the Rock Island and Southern Pa
cific come to an agreement they will seri
ously injure the traffic of tho Santa Fe
in Southern California, as at the i-rea
cnt time the Southern Pacific-Reck Isl
and connection makes better time to Chi
cago than the Santa Fe, with the ex
ception of the California limited, which
the latter road runs.
":[' The ; question of the . responsibility ; for
the .'actual : .'. retreat" from - Spion; Kop ia
shrouded ' In ¦ a maze ' of dispatches^ prov-'
ihg;that a'tmlstake.was -made 'In'" sending'
a' hellogra'm and that there was . a/ general
desire ". to y shirk * Onus. " . Beyond ¦vthlsT
washing of dirty^ linen: nothing appears r to
have ¦ been ; accomplished , by. 1 - the ; publlca-,
tlon of the dispatches.' 1 .'\-
Buller explains -that he failed to super
sede" Warren because ; it • might have dis
credited the latter with theVtroops, which
was an- especially serious rha tter ;'; as, '• if
Buller , had ' been shot _Warren ; would { have
succeeded : to the supreme command. ? IV
v < Renewed Socialist.' uproar, including
threats of civil > v waf,- and shouts of "You
ren - to either . grapple with the situation
ori command his force ' himself. We lost
our"; chance by Warren's; slowness. He
seemsito me to be a man who' can do
well what he can do himself," but who
canndt command. .1- can never employ
him again on an' independent ¦.command.
I 'ought to have ' assumed command ; my
self-^when'I .saw things .were, not going
well! v;- 1 blahie .myself now for not "do
ing so." £lSigi>U
CLOSURE: IS .WITHDRAWN.
The ¦.debate"! was ; then continued iby'the
Prenilef.'who',- amid, frequent 1 - Interrup
tions, declared that a further revision of
the constitution would not accord - with
the. desires -of the- country. . He did . not
belleve'that universal suffrage: would be
conducive to the. maintenance of free In
stitutions in Belgium/. The ;Government
was '; prepared ; ! to examine hereafter an
arrangement | calculated" to -improve the
condition of the; country, , but' It would
not I agree to : adopt ", universal ,V suffrage,
pure and" simple,' which/ he asserted ;-. the
iScciallsts alone desired. 'A revision of the
constitution; the ; Premier asserted; would
plunge the country into turmoil: and' the
Government : utterly refused Jto'be.' driven
at the direction of the populace and under
threats of strike agitation and .violence.- ;
The • Premier having. reiterated his / un-'
alterable adhesion to'; the 1 . / proposal- to
close the debate, the Socialists broke' out
Into considerable uproar ; - and • ; clenched,
their fists threateningly, -but they;;.con
fined themselves to that arrd to ; uttering
shouts of defiance. - '
At, this juncture M. Van Dervelde cross
ed the floor.ahd held a brief conversation
with the Premler,"durlng which M.' Tro-'
clet,' Socialist, cried: > 'Then you ¦ want
blood to flow, to-morrow?" ' ,; ... ""•-'•
Socialist shouts arose of "Trickery,"
'.'Treachery ," "It will be the signal" for a
revolution.!' - . . . ,'
. The Premier, maintained the wisdom of
the proposal for a speedy close of the
debate. '¦ \
SIGNAL : FOR REVOLUTIOIT.
'T^hls statement was greeted with'So
cialists' 6houts of '"The Government
thirsts for blood." .
The Speaker then; pointed to the fact
that there were 300,000 men on strike and
that t they \ enjoyed .the respect of the
middle classes. ¦'. . ¦ .,
mm April 17.— The de
«^>^ bate on ; the proposed revision ,
m of the Belgian constitution
3 . :JB was • resumed in the Chamber
¦^ m * m^^- ¦ of -Representatives to-day. M.
-¦;'¦ \'l' : . \-''. ¦ Braun, .. Liberal, . advocated . a
speedy- closing: of the debate .in the inter,
est:of;the whole country, and" the Pre
mjer, ¦M.;de;Smet de'.Mayef,' heartily in'- ;
dorsed;the- sugjgestion'. .and} proposed: that"
the'.Hbuse'. 'continue ¦ sitting ] to-day . .until
the question is settled. t ¦'•¦¦' . , ". :
-"-TteJT. Socialists protested Tagafiisf"" the]
adoption of the.proposairbut the Premier
Insisted. \jM. ..Van' Defvelde.i the Socialist
.leader. 1 ; erf tlclzedl th'e , Government's "atti-;
tude.;^- Instead .of- extending the ; olive
branch, he asserted^ the Premier offered
fresh' 1 provocation. The , Socialists ; were
absolutely, opposed ..to -. the 'conclusion "'¦ of
the. discussion to-day, on the ground '.that
it is believed important events may. occur.
Socialists Gain One
Point in Exciting !
Debate.
'.Serious j difficulties, it is said, >¦ hayo
arisen among, tha- Transvaal' and -Free
State delegates ..who are discussing peace
terms at General Botha? and
Acting President- Schalkburger, | it', is --re?
'ported, have 'given the' Free State repre-'
sentatives | until I April 21 to come to a de
cision, threatening' that thereafter '; tho
Transvaal ; delegation^will , continued the
peace negotiations -;. independently - of the
Free State' delegates. It is further de
clared that Botha, and Schalkburger had
practically^ agreed upon terms of [surf en?
der prior to their,' visit but
that out of loyalty to their allies they'in
slsted oh a conference, though with slight
hopes C that | their views i would g be shared
by. General Dewet: and ' the ; other Free
State leaders. , ; X <1, ./ ..'*yv : ''v ;.-" V
GENERAL B/TJLLER'S BLUNDER^
•-All: the- omclal^dispatches referring to
the defeat sustained by the British troops
under General Buller at VSpioh Kop,
Natal, :\ January., 24, ; 1900, r were I made .'pub
lic yesterday, i Those hitherto unpublished
merely; emphasize . how" hopelessly ;rhud- :
ciled ;were the preparations for! the '¦en
gagement: Tho • controversy ; between
General Buller ; and" General' Sir; Charles
{VVafren .is x proved to have" beeh^ even
more .bitter; than ; previously hinted .V at-'
whlle'an'ews^ extract 'from one bf ; : Lord
Roberts'' dispatches brings^additional cch
sure.,.ori^Geheral;_Buller. . ,- Lord Roberts
declared *, thati;. General * Buller'a I endeavor
to Iput i the i; resp"onsibility ; ; for . the /defeat
on i General Warren , was ; not '; Justinable;
; Roberts tholds'thatit.- was; Buller's duty,
to ; intervene . wheri • he saw ' things'/' wer'e
going ' wrong'.;/. This; remark was caused
by a dispatch from- Buller.- in ! which v he'
t-ays:. C-:'.. "• :,- 1} ¦ '.', ;; " ..:/-¦; :/ , ' ;"•_¦ :'
' "I saw. no- attempt on the part of : .Waj>-
DISCORD '• IS ¦ ALLEGED.
Up' to . the present the Boer delegates at
Pretoria have \ acted quite independently
"of . the' Boer reprsentatives In Holland.
As a result of this conference the Boers
practically agreed to accept the. British
terms. I /As ah instance of how matters
are progressing Lord Milner has; sum
moned-to Pretoria from Johannesburg ah
Australian expert to afford^ him ¦ assist-.
ahce;in estimating the cost of rebuilding
and restocking the. Boer farms, for which
a money grant will be made to the Boers.
.In the • interval, however, their I general
disposition had undergone a change.
They; displayed, according to the Daily
Mail, a more reasonable attitude. Lord
Milner was empowered to grant them one
or two seats on the executive council^
subject to. the approval of his Majesty's
Government, pending restoration of re
sponsible government.
The result of t Tuesday's deliberations
was cabled to the Cabinet, which on
Wednesday reaffirmed the British/posi
tion, refusing to alter any of the terms.
The Boer delegates met again on Thurs
day at Pretoria, when the decision of the
Cabinet was laid before. them, practically
placing them in the. position of agreeing'
to peace on the. British terms or reject
ing them and terminating the conference
BOERS SAID TO AGREE.
_ This was on Tuesday, when ltaeemed
likely, in View; of ; the firmness of ; the
British Government and the stubbornness
of the Boers, that negotiations were head
ing straight for deadlock and collapse.
: There never was any question,' It now
seems, of the^Boer ;t«rms being consid
ered at a basis of; negotiation's.' In. point
of fact, they have . made ; no formal pro
posals whatever to ; the; Government. The
Cabinet, took, the. view, that there could
be no tr?atv ot, convention of settlement,
as after the Crimea campaign • or war " of
1870-71. \" It -is simply a_question "of- terms
to be ef yen , by\. the. victor to ; the beaten foe
upon. surrender. "''.•/"'¦" '.' - \i ; . :•/ -,?7'Vv* v
H.The Boers.; however, obta,"i«d Mn' buIR'
BritisHTpfoposals, c butA they -'pro' ved ,' very
stubborn, particularly on the question of
amnesty, • banishment proclamation/ early
restoration of responsible government and
their representation on the ; executive
council to succeed the military adminis
tration, which' would terminate at "the
earliest practicable date. /:
TERMS TO' BEATEN -FOE.
The Cabinet on Tuesday met ; this de
mand with a point blank- refusal. 1 Such
was the uncertainty '.prevailing, in official
circles as to how . the w. Boer j delegates
would take it that therV-was' a -distinct
feeling of pesslmlsm.vThe Boer delegates,
however, accepted refusal. '•» Then came
discussion. ¦There': were 5 .'many '• attempts
by tho Boers to alter the terms which the
British !/ad laid .d6wii.- v ..''¦'?" >- - ¦
:;•'; LONDON. "April^ 18.^-Despite ; the diffi
culties previously^ referred Up, the Daily
Mail is able \ to ' announce I that it . has ob
tained reliable information that the basis
of ; peace '• has ¦ been I practically • agreed on
at . Pretoria between viils | Majesty's jj Gov
ernment : and . the | Boer "delegates. Some
-time must elapse before' the': details are
fully^ perfected, but the main fact appears
to, be .established. -The first: real* nego
tiations : . commenced •/ on ;' Monday, with
Lord MUner, at Pretoria. The first step
of thp, Boers ;wastoj make an urgent re
quest for an armlstlce~this being the sec
ond appeal of the i. kind— the armistice to
last during" the progresi;. of the \ negotia
tions. Precedents were adduced, notably
what happened in the .' Franco-German
war. ¦••¦:_¦':. ¦ - . .¦ '.• • '!»> -'. > - '•- , ¦''
Special ; Dispatch^, to The (Call,
Ever since the opening of the meet
ing McCormick and Sebastian have been
in a number of consultations which last
ed for hours. Both railroad men have
been conspicuous by their absence at as
sociation meetings, and have only
dropped into them for a few minutes as
a mere matter of form. For several
weeks there have been rumors to th<? ef
fect that the Rock Island would with
draw from the association, but as yet
no formal communication to this effect
has been received by Chairman Chafl
ton. At the same time It .is generally
conceded that the railroad will do so in
the near future.
From the present outlook every indica
tion points to the fact .that the South
ern Pacific and the Rock Island men are
having a grand love feast, and within a
short time they will come to an agree
ment, whereby they will corner the
•freight and passenger traffic in Southern
California.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO, April 17.—
The master hand of President E. H.
Harriman of the Southern Pacific was
very evident at the meeting of the
Transcontinental Passenger Association
to-day. In fact there were two railroad
meetings being held and have been ever
since the railroad men arrived here.
There Is the association meeting, ana an
other between Harriinan*3-representatives,
General Passenger Traffic Manager E.
O. McCormick and John Sebastian, pas
senger "manager of the Rock Island, with
headquarters In Chicago.
Special Dispatch to^The Call.
Santa Fe Road'sBusi
nessLiable to
.Injury.
jBurghers^ta Secure
Voice in^he New
r Council:
Basis of the Peace
Offer I&Agreed
Harnman Hand Vis/
ble in San Diego
Meeting.
British Consider the
Boers as Beaten
Southern Pacific and
Rock Island May
Combine.
SENSATIONAL SPEECHES
ON CUBAN RECIPROCITY
DICTATE
TERMS AS
VICTORS
MOOTED
TRAFFIC
CORNER
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 139.
SAN FBANGISGO; FRID^Y^ 18, 1902.
MAKE THREATS
OF CIVIL WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.NOTED OFFICIAL WHO MAT. GET
PROMOTION IN THE CZAR'S
SERVICE.
Continued Prom Page One.
After the funeral service over the re
mains* of . M. Sipiaguine, which was at
tended'by the Czar, {he Czarina, Grand
Duke Michael (the heir presumptive), the
Grand Dukes' and Grand Duchesses and
the cot| rt diplomats,, the body of the late
'Minister -of '-the' Interior -was interred at
the'Alexander Nowski'Monastery. At the
conclusion' of. the service the coffin was
escorted to -the hearse , by the Czar, the
Grand Duke - Michael', the Grand Dukes
and the -Ministers. . , '
¦ Unusually grave Imbor outbreaks are re
ported at YekaterlnoBlav., Poltava. Voro
nej. and ¦ TamboV. The details, are rigor
ously "suppressed: . '.J''.-
Officials here privately admit that the
murder of Sipiaguine was one of many
exceedingly- alarming symptoms. It was
learned that the chateau of the Duke of
Meeklenburg,, In Southeast Russia, was
recently pillaged and then razed by riot
ers. The young clerk, Orloff, who was
compromised in the revolutionary move
ment and Who hanged himself in prison,
belonged to a group of prisoners who re
fused food and were artificially fed.
Many people think that the death of
Sipiaguine will help the aspirations of M.
de Witte, the Finance Minister, who has
long been ambitious to become Imperial
Chancellor, or at least obtain control of
the Ministry of the Interior.
The death of Sipiaguine may materially
affect the chances of Murry A. Verner,
the millionaire Pittsburg contractor. ' of
securing the St. Petersburg tramway
franchise, as the deceased . was a notable
supporter of Verner's proposition and
overruled the committee which had
recommended the Westinghouse offer.
The "matter possibly is now indefinitely
postponed. '
Shortly before Sipiaguine was appoint-,
ed Minister of the Interior he married the
eldest sister 1 of Count Shermetieff's wife,
a brilliant woman, 26 years of age, who
Is now a warm friend of the Czarina.
Count Shermetieff was deeply Interested
In Lieutenant General Prince Vlasemski.
The latter, who: was a -member of the
Council <of the Empire, was seveneljr. rep
rimanded by -the Czar: for- his protests
against the action of tne police • during
the popular demonstrations of the early
part of last year, and he is said to have
left Russia to avoid the consequences of
his protests. • • ¦
accused of appropriating- 500,000 rubles
from the secret service funds. The de
ceased •was by no means talented and
owed his position, to influential friends,
especially to Count Snermetieff, the
bosom friend of Czar Alexander III and
to the Dowager Czarina, who Is largely
under Count Shermetleff's influence. ' .
¦ It relieve* : the .'pain 'and prevents , inflamma
tion ¦• or .' stiff ness.': ¦, Also ¦; invaluable j for [ burns,"
channgs, .; chilblains, ; earache, ; catarrh. \ cold Jn
head,' skin Irritations,' and'plics. [; Try, a' box and '
you'll (never. be\ without it.' 25c and' 50ci". at drug- \
gists.or by mail.'- Salva-cia, 1 ' 274 Canal 8t:V;N,T.'.
For Bruises— Use Salva-cea.
. LOS ANGELES, April 17.— Tv E. Prior, ;
formerly. Southern 'Pacific superintendent
at"- Sacramento,' will.- not, 'it; is said, return
to';! duty; In that city. '"..^yhen he /resumes
employment with the company It* will -be
in his former position as assistant superi
ntendent in -Los Angeles. Prior,-con
tinues,to improve and will soon be able. to'
resume hit work. '-; '¦¦¦' . • ¦-' -.
,' Before] he returned ;to his home' here he
Informed' his superiors that he desired his
old position In the Arcade station and
¦: the Tilace ; has been promised . to him. "-. His
physicians have. informed. Prior that If he
desires 'to continue In the railroad; service
he. will have to do so in' Los Angeles. V-
Former ! Sacramento Railroad Super
intendent Is Not to Return to; <
' the Capital. ¦
PRIOR WILL RESUME
LOS ANGELES . POSITION
DEMOCUATS ABE ; FLEDGED.
WASHINGTON. April 17.^-The -Demo
crats of the House, at a caucus heldvto-
tial on Refined: Sugar. ;
Caucus Favors HemoTral^of Differen-
sell and Grosvenor, ridiculing each in
turn by contrasting the reciprocity of
Harrison with that of Dalzell; that of
JMcKiuley with that of Grosvenor, and
that of Blaine with that of Soreno F.
Payne. He was particularly severe--on
General Grosvenor. He. told how. he had
made a successful campaign with the aid"
of a copy cf that statesman's speech from
¦which, -when he was cornered, be was.al
ways able to prove or disprove anything.
Cushman cencluded his speech with- an
eloquent peroration which drew • a stornx
of applause from,, his Republican col
league*, and after he had concluded mem
bers flocked around to. congratulate him.,
Ine confusion .was so great that it.was;
several minutes before order could be re
stored. - -• -• v •.
Pierce of. Tennessee, ; the next speaker,
favored the bill. . .... . ¦ '¦
Jon&s of ¦"Washington; who opposed' the
Mil, admitted that public- sentiment was'
behind it, t>ut declared that when the real
condition was understood there would' be
a reversion cf isentlmenLV- '.'..." .'."'¦.¦!'•;_¦¦¦¦
Loud of California declared that he was
a Republican and followed v;the' -leaders
where he could, many times against' his
better judgment, but' from - this propo
sition he eaid he .must dissent. H* in
sisted that there was np obligation on the
United States to Tielp" Cuba at the ex
pense of our own people." J Cuba already
had ccst us. one way and another, ,a
thousand million dollars. - <
At'5 o'clock the House adjourned. ' ' •
By a very' large majority the Swansoiv
resolution , was, adopted '. uijd also;a:reso
tion making- the action ;of : the caucus
binding upon all Dem6crats v of the'House. 1
Bankhead of Alabama sided with Un
derwood . and Williams and Cooper o»
Texas and Brazeale of „ Louisiana with
Swanson." The Jwo latter strongly urged
their colleagues to vote to . abolish the
differential on refined sugar. In .the
course of the debate which followed it' de
veloped that the Williams resolution was
interpreted to ; constitute an instruction
to the -Democrats ta vote for the bill
when the • ttr.al vote 'was reached.
I • The • action taken to-night - binds the
i Democrats : to vote to abolish the differ
ential- on.-Teflned sugar, and against the
previous, question. '
• NIirety r f our Democrats . attended. Un
derwooa &f Alabama, -who got the floor
.Immediately, after the meeting was called
to order,' tjbrew a bombshell Into the cau
cus by announcing • that overtures had
come to him from the Republican side by
"which.it was to be agreed that the Re
publican' 'leaders would abandon tha
Crumpacker resolution to investigate the
Southern elections law If the delegation
froip^ the /States concerned (North Caro
lina/ South Carolina, Alabama, Missis
sippi, Louisiana and j Virginia) would aid
the, majority to close debate and would
vote • against the appeals which will be
taken' f rcm the decisions of-, the chair
when the motions to open up«the biilUo
"general amendment are offered.; Under
wood • declined to give the name of • the
Republican from whom these assurances
regarding the abandonment of the Crum
; packer resolution came, and although ar
guing that lt L was to the interest of the
States involved to. accept the offer made,
he stated that- the agreement had not
been positively accepted, and for himself
he agreed to abide by. the decision of the
CaUCUS. . > -r.'': . r : '..-> . .
The Democratic vote on Wednesday to
close debate came 'principally- from .: the
States mentioned above.
To the Swanson resolution -Williams of
Mississippi offered a substitute to bind
the Democrats to vote for all proposi
tions involving a reduction of the tariff.,
but to leave every Democrat free to vote
his convictions upon questions of parlia
mentary procedure. Williams maintained
that under the circumstances it would be
to the Interest of the Democrats in. th*
States whose •¦ representatives wert
threatened by the Crumpacker resolution
to abide by the understanding reached.
During the heated debate -that followed
Burleson of Texas asked Underwood It
the Republican leaders haS not silenced
Crumpacker and his friends on the Re
publican side who were opposed to. ' the
reciprocity bill by agreeing to report the
Crumpacker resolution, and if they were
not now trying to create a defection on
the Democratic side by offering to kill
the resolution.
Resolved, That we favor the removal of the
differential on refined sugar, both from Cuba
and elsewhere, and '-believe that such amend
ments are properly in order, and -we Inaiat that
it is the duty of aU Democrats to vote when
• ever opportunity is given to have these amend
ments added to the pending bill providing ' for
'Cuban reciprocity. We are opposed to the
aclopticn of the previous question when the
bill Ie reported to the House, unless It shall
"have 1 been properly amended In committee of
the whole, as this will prevent an opportunity
-for Just, "and proper amendment with recorded
• votes on .the same.
•." Resolved, further. That the action of this
caucus is binding.
\ The' caucus was rather turbulent during
the early part of the .evening, but toward
the close \jhe differences disappeared and
.it broke . • -tip amid evidences of harmony
and good 'feeling. ¦¦
night, by a very large majority, estimated
at 3 to 1, adopted the following resolution,
introduced by Swanson of Virginia:
SENSATIONAL SPEECHES OS. CUBAN RECIPROCITY BILL
A force of 1200 men, under ¦ Colonel"- Bald
win, will start April 25 from Malabang
for Lanao, Mindanao, leaving > behind a
reserve of 600. men. '¦ '•'" ;'V IV . ?>'
General Chaffee is sending ; the . trans
port Hancock to Mindanao in case the
Dattos resist, which seems probable, • as
they muster a total of 20,000 men, of whom
600 are armed. with rifles. The remainder
are spear men and-bolo men. These na T .
tlves are a different breed of fighters from
the Filipinos. They are religious fanatics
to whom death while fighting Is regarded
as being a passport to heaven. • •;
The American officials hope, however,
to avoid a crisis. ¦ - • ' ' ' . " ¦
Gonzales, the Insurgent leader, ¦ -has
agreed to obey Malvar's order and. .will
surrender. General Bell wires that no In
surgents are left In Batangas or Laguna
provinces. The surrender of the, insur
gents of the island ¦ of Samar has ! been
postponed until April 20 on account of the
weather making their movement difficult..
Acting Governor Wright; has- returned
here.. He is; enthusiastic over, his recep
tion by the friendly natives of Lucana,
province of Tayabas. • ¦'. -..••'.
Captain Pitcher has telegraphed to Gen
eral Wheaton that the Insurrection In the
Island 'of Mlndoro' Is over. ' . ¦' > •.*•; _ s '-"~ : .
Fear the Dattos :M:ay,- Resist.
fitted to command. It was likely he
might- have given the order and forgotten
all about it. He thought an otticer would
have' been justified in disobeying the
order.
General Chaffee has returned here from
Malabang, island of Mindanao. He says
the Dattos have not responded to his in
vitation to take part in a conference, but
the Datto grandee came to the American
camp and through him General Chaffee
sent a message to the other Dattos, as
suring them of the friendly intentions of
the United States, but warning thorn that
they must deliver up the assassins of the:
American soldiers. The general reminded
the Dattos that the island of Mindanao'
had passed into the possession Of , the
United States by the treaty of- Paris and
that the Americans intended, to -explore
the country and build rouds. etc., Ifpos-;
sible, but that they will not 1 brook Inter
ference on the part of the native* chiefs.:
The general added that .the Americans
would not interfere with religion, but will
unfailingly enforce law - and order and
protect the American civil' .and: military;
officials In the discharge .of their duty. J
ST. PETERSBURG, April 17.—Al
though M." Sipiaguine, the Min
ister of the Interior, who was as
sassinated April 15, was not ac
tually the leader of the reaction
ary .party- in Russia, he was leader of
those who.'.'ljlnj^het opinion, of .many, were
responsible^* df\ : t*e* prevailing i situation. '
His assassination 1 ," 'easily explicable In the
present political condition, was hailed
with joy In radical circles. For a month
there had been daily -' rumors of Slpia
gulne's impending resignation, owing to
disagreements with the Governor General
of Moscow, the Grand DuKe Sergius, who
has been supporting the novel policy
toward the working classes Instituted by
M. Trepoff, the police prcrect of Moscow,
which includes the organization of labor
unions under police control. The mur
dered. Minister's name was also mixed up
with the stories of financial irregularities
alleged against so many officials at pres
ent. Sipiaguine spent immense sums In
decorating his residence. A single chan-.
delier alone cost 50,000 rubles, and he was
' MANILA. April 17.— The military court
martial," which tried Major Waller of the
Marine Corps on the charge of executing
natives of Samar without trial, 1 to-day
began* the trial of Lieutenant John H.tA.'
Day of the Marine Corps on the same
ch/rge. Lieutenant- Day - testified in ¦•¦ his
own behalf. He said I the I man shot Jan
uary 19 was a spy," who was shot by Major
Waller's orders, and added: ;,:»-k- .
\ "I ordered Private Kresge to flre at his
head and ordered Megee to flre at the cen
ter of his back. After the shooting. I saw
a convulsive shudder of the roan's should
ers, placed my own revolver his fore
head and' shot- him dead. 'I ordered ": the
police to leave the body on the ground as
an examnle to the natives.".- ' • : t
« Major Waller testined that he ordered
the. shooting of eleven • men January -20,
but' denied ordering the execution of a'
man January 19. 'He- admitted he was
very HI at that time. ' > . \,
:,' Surgeon Love testified i that Major jWal
ler.'si temperature , January 19 was 105. -His
Illness \ then • was such *• that' he ?.was - not
Lieutenant Day on Trial.
Davis added that the Presidente had
been a traitor to the American cause and
that the other natives did not generally
seem to have any sympathy, for him. , Da
vis said he had been in charge of a de
tachment of fifteen men in the town of
Igbaras. for several months, before the
arrival of the regulars, and also for some
time afterwards, and that he had never
had any trouble whatever with the . na
tives. He had talked with the regular sol
diers about the "water-cure" and . had
been given to understand that its adminis
tration 'was not of rare occurrence, but
said they had not given names of persons
or places. Davis replied to Senator Lodge
that.h£ knew of the murder of several of
the members of Company F, of his regi
ment, by natives at another point, but it
had been his understanding that .' they
were killed by ladrones, rather than by
the town authorities, as Colonel Dickman
had reported. •
The House Committee on Military : Af
fairs decided to recommend that the reso
lution of Representative Burleson of
Texas, asking for the recent court-mar
tial proceedings in the case of Major Wai*
ler lie on the table. The ground for the
action was that the due forwarding, of the
papers from the Philippines to Washing
ton could not be expedited by any action
of *he House and when" received : the re
ports would be open to inspection and that
the resolution would-be prejudicial to the
parties concerned.
In the Senate the resolutions offered by
Culberson of Texas, directing the Secre
tary of War to send to the Senate a state
ment of money paid by the United' States
on account of the Philippine Commission
and a statement of -the amount of, money
expended for sending 1 troops. to the Philip
pines • and.' for , their maintenance* .were
agreed to. , . : - •. ; ; ¦
"My orders were," he said, "to treat the
natives kindly, and so far as I observed
the soldiers generally so , treated them,
with the exceptions I have mentioned."
The witness also- said that a neighboring
town containing about 12,000 people had
"been burned, but that he did not know
who had given the order for its destruc
tion. .'..-;.
' Davis stated. In reply to questions, that
the torture in all instances mentioned
had been conducted by the regular sol
diers and that they had not been partici
pated in by the members of his regiment,
the Twenty-sixth Volunteers.
Homes of Natives Are Burned.
"There was," he added, "also a native
school teacher there who was maltreated
at the same time, but the water-cure was
not administered to him. He was taken
Into one of the back rooms of the convent
by Dr. Lyon, who secured the information
he wanted from him by placing two Colts
revolvers to his head, thus rendering "it
unnecessary to administer the cure."
. "Did you see this?"
"I did."
Davis also gave the details of the burn
ing of the town of Igbaras, which he said
contained about 10,000 people, but no busi
ness places. All except about . fifteen
bouses were destroyed, and men, women
and children were forced out indiscrimi
nately. ' • • ' ¦
Senator Burrows— Who gave the order
to burn the town? •
The Witness— Captain Glenn.
"To whom did he give it?"
''To Lieutenant Conger. He told the
lieutenant to burn the town."
"Did you hear him?"
"I did."
"Did he say why it should be burned?"
"He did not." .
He described the second application of
the cure, as previously testined to, and
corroborated bergeant Riley in the state
ment that the details of this performance
were under the charge of Contract Sur
geon L,yon and that Captain Glenn and
lieutenant Conger * were both present
when it occurred.
i Davis said in reply to questions as to the
physical effect of the process that the
man "squealed" terribly and that his eyes
were bloodshot, but that the next day he
was able to mount his horse and lead the
scouts to the mountain^ Afterwards he
was, the witness said, taken to Hollo 'and'
placed in prison. :• -• •. ¦ ¦¦ '; . ¦- ¦ ~
The witness also repeated the statement
that two police officers of the town of Ig
baras haa been subjected to the water
cure. . .
Officers Direct the Torture.
. WASHINGTON, April- 17.-Edward J.
Davis of Greenfield, Mass., who was a
sergeant in , Company ,: M, Twenty-sixth
Volunteer Infantry, was before the Sen
ate Committee on the Philippines to-day.
He Was present in the -convent at Igba
ras, November 27, 1900, when the ','water
cure" was administered to the Presldente
of the town of Igbaras, as testified to by
Sergeant Riley and /Private Smith, and
'related the incidents connected therewith.
He was sworn before being examined
and was questioned by Senator Kawllna.
He spoke of the arrival of the regulars
under the command of Captain Glenn. He
said that under orders from Captain
Glenn he, with a squad, had taken j the
Presidente into custody on November 27
and had escorted him to the convent,
where the "cure" was administered. He
repeated the story of the torture of the
Presidente, adding some details. .The
man was; he said, about 40 years of age.
When he was taken into the convent ha
was asked to give Information as to
wnether runners had been sent to notify
the insurgents of the arrival of the scouts
in the town. Ketusing to ao tnis, the wa
ter detail, consisting of two privates or
the Klgtueentn lntantry, was ordered by
Captain Ulenn to strip Him. The man s
clothing was removed aoove the waist
and his hands tied behind his back, when
the cure was administered by tnis detail.
"He was then," the witness said, "ta
ken to the water tank and .thrown upon
his back, and while an interpreter stood
over him a stream of water was directed
into his mouth, .which was held open." .
"Who gave tne command tor this treat
ment';"
"captain Glenn." .
; "How was the man's mouth kept open?"
"By means of a stick, but i could not
see just how it was done."
Continuing, the witness said that when
the victim oa the cure was tilled with wa
ter the members of the detail would force
it out of him by rolling their fists over his
stomach, and that the process was kept
up for about ten minutes. . ¦
Military Court-Martial of Lieutenant
, Day, Accused of Executing Na
tives Without Trial, Is Be
gun at Manila. '
Describes the Cruel Methods
of; Army Officers at
/: ']£i: Igbaraa . '
Sergeant of Volunteers
Gives Some Damage. -
ing Testimony. i
TELLS STORY
OF TORTURE
Death of the Russian Minister Sipiaguine Is Hailed
With Joy in Radical Circles.
ASSASSINATION MAY MEAN
PROMOTION FOR DE WITTE
ELUDES MOB
IN HIS EXIT
FROM COURT
Organizer CrensHaw Has
a Lively Session in
Tuolumne.
Sensational Incidents Fol
low the Affair at
• ']; *': Nasntoru>
Four Alleged Bioters Are Acquitted
and an Alert Constable Outwits
Some Gentlemen Who Dis
cuss Lynching.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUOLUMNE. April 17.— W. N. Crenshaw
of Indiana, organizer for the - Fraternal
Brotherhood, who is alleged- to have said
all native daughters of California were
loose in morals, and was ridden out of
Nashton. fifteen miles above here, in the
middle of the night, came near meeting a
like. fate here to-night. A mob of about
fifty, men had gathered to ride him out,
but, under the protection of peace officers,
Crenshaw slipped out of the courtroom by
a rear door and hiked over the hills.
Sensational testimony was adduced this
afternoon at the trial of four men, Wil
liam Raymond, J. A. Mullin, James Griffin
and William Sails, for alleged rioting
when Crenshaw was ridden out of Nash
ton. The courtroom was crowded. Cren
shaw was. represented by District Attor
ney Otis and the defendants by J. H. Rog
ers, a local attorney. Crenshaw .denied
that he had said the native daughters
were morally censurable. A special train
from Nashton" brought down Half its in
habitants, • and about twenty-five wit
nesses had been subpenaed.' <
The testimony showed that Crenshaw
had, while at a dance, said if his social
set in San Francisco knew he was dancing
with the girls of Nashton they would os
tracise him;, also that Crenshaw stated
that California girls did not compare with
Eastern girls for virtue; that he could
have married rich California girls in San
Francisco who had a hundred thousand
dollars,' but he would not because all Cali
fornia-born women were "loose.*.*. •
The testimony further showed Crenshaw
was taken out of bed at 10. o'clock at
night, put in a cart In his night clothes
and made to retract; his statements. He
admitted he made the statements, but
took them all back and declared he was
only "joshing." He believed the native
daughters were good women. After that
his clothes, were given him and he was
told to dress. Crenshaw then rode over
the rocks out of town and -walked fifteen
miles in the dark over the mountain roads
to Tuolumne. • .."•
The prosecutor was unable to make a
single point. Crenshaw "was roundly
scored by the defense and cowered close
to the Constable.
The jury was out four minutes and re
turned a verdict of not guilty. Cheers
sounded and the jurymen were nearly car
ried out of the room by enthusiastic men
and women. Crenshaw, pale and fright
ened, refused to leave the courtroom and
said he feared for his. life. Some one
spoke about going to a store for a rope
and an ominous crowd gathered outside
the court building. . Finally Constable
Heath decided to make a coup, and, close
ly guarding Crenshaw, crept out over the
hills by »he back way. The crowd had in
tended to tar and feather the man. -The"
Order ¦ of the Fraternal Brotherhood will
be asked by the local lodge to investigate
the matter. .;
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
'; OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and More New
Pensions ; Granted.
. WASHINGTON, April 17.-Postofflce es
tablished: California— Purser, Lassen
County.
j Postmasters commissioned: California—
Tillie M. Hail, Purser. Washington— Mary
F. Davis, Cora. , .
Postmasters : appointed: California H.
A. Adams, Caruthers, ! Fresno County,
vice R. E. Saint, resigned. Oregron—Fred
erick Snyder, • Yalnax, Klamath County,
vice C. W. Chevin&ton. resigned.
• These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— John Evans, Nevada
City, $10. War with Spain— Charles J.
Mund. San Francisco, $S; John Fletcher
San Frangisco, $8. Increase — Charles H
Ellis. San Francisco, $10; Robert Spence,
Soldiers' Home LOs Angeles, $10; John L..
Souther, Vallejo. $8; George T. Ordak.
Redlands, $10; Giles J. Burgesh, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $12; William A. Mil
ler, Garvanz, $17. Mexican War— Job Sid
dle, Anglin, Soldiers' Home. Lob Angeles
$10; Elijah Wymer, San Francisco, $12;
Sarah E. Wilbern, Hanford. $8: minors of
Jonathan Taylor, Hanford, $12; . Annie
Barnes, Woodland, $3.
Oregon: Increase— John B. Hutchison,
State Soldiers' Home, Roseburg. $12.
Washington: Original— John' W. Pull
man, Soldiers' Home, Orting, $8. .Increase
—Abraham Loony, Ballard, $8; George
Glover. Spokane, $12; Frances Gilliand
KIrkland $8; Elizabeth Wagner. Orting'
$8; Caroline Hutchison, Columbia City
$20.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ APRIL 18, 1902.
2
ATTENTION,
VOTER$!
Register jtOijce.
All citizens must register to
vote at any Election, of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. -m., and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to 9.^;
By order of the Board, of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Tb!s Eignature is on every boz of the gennino
Laxative BromorQuinineTabieu:
tb« remedy i hat cores a cold In one'<ta>
PAIWE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
aIiEIFdIger!
Thousands in Peril from Blood
Diseases and Nerye TronWes
Developed During the
Winter Months.
Paine's Celery Compound
The Great Spring Blood
Purifier, Nerve Bracer,
and Health Builder.
Paine's Celery Compound is the wonder
of the age! Its marvelous virtues are di3-»
cussed among interested medical men
and its cures are- talked of at every flre-
S A C s a spring health giver. Paine's Celery
Compound stands far ahead of air other
known remedies; it has no worthy com-,
petitor in the vast field of medicine.
To a large extent, the present popular-
ity of Paine's Celery Compound is due to
the fact that it has accomplished some
of its most astonishing cures in the
spring season— a time when men and
women usually complain of ill-health, losa
of vitality, tired feelings— a time , when
people feel dull, listless, despondent and
ambitionless. '• s /v
To-day there are thousand* of business
men, mechanics, farmers and dear wives
and mothers, too. who, though abte to
walk around, are nevertheless sadly ' out
of health." . -
At this season Paine's Celery Compound
is the great health restorer and strength ¦
giver for the "out of health" people— for
those who are perilously nearing some
organic disease. Paine's Celery Com-
pound, used at once, will quickly remove
every trace of poison from the- blood,
brace up the 'weak nerves, build up tha
tijsues and tone the digestive organism.
If you. dear reader, feel that your
health is not so robust and vigorous as it
should be, let us honestly suggest the use
of Paine's Celery Compound that has so
wonderfully blessed your neighbors and
friends. Be assured, "it makes sick peo-
ple well."
Ink 10 cts. a Quart SMgar"?
PWHEN "p^
Sk-jl A manufacturer puts Indl- |L .Jj .
It-Q viduality into his products. |M
Ir ' T it will soon show. We In- hr*
I I tend that our work shall I
Bk^« stand by Itself and that our IL->
IfcJQ name shall stand for per- \jr»
hJ HOCUE-KINCkS
jri OPTICAL CO., P^
kJ 211 Post St.. above Grant Ays. kJ
jmn. VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
mSS&m. tfe» have been in use over fifty
£a£&QwSlek years by the leaders of th<*
MfsSiHM Mormon Church and their
tS»&wi|81 followers. Positively cure the-
1^S/;7»^S9 "worst cases in old and young
m'lAvW arising from effects of self-
¥&9»?)#iS¥ abuse, dissipation, excesses or
ranu|%J cigarette-smoking. Curo Lost
X&MESfflT Manhood. Impotency. Lost '
xBMPaaP power. Night Lessee, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, TJnfltness to Mar-
ry. Lou of Semen. #g» Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *3 fJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are pZrmrm immediate. Im-
part vigor and pota *»«« * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a euro is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped ortrans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; ,8 for
(2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis it.
Ean Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third »t. . - ,
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY?
i Gb U51)LiXXX73T.t«t6a*7tt.S.r.Ci2.£
\ JOT Tbe Largest Aaataaic*] Muscjsi la the \
Q mgesrSf^. Worl<1 - Weaknesses or any contracted m
1. KE3NP} *«"e v—Mimlf enr*4 by the oldest W
O IS Si J>p«aaliitontheCo*st. EU-yijan. Q
4 iSSi DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ F$<9*$I1 C«n»ult»ttoa fre« »nd strictly pri-rate. \
# I Af^La Tr««tment personally or by litter. A *
\ S 7 «S '•*"» c " r * >a eTerjr c«»« undertaken. \
A F 0 \\ © w rite for Bosk. PBILOIOPVT of A
\ ¦ 9 1"ma««ia««. maoso nn. /"#
X (Jt* »»lu»ble book for mrn) \
I DR. PIERCES "
MEDICAL
PISCOVERY
FOR THE ' ¦',
I BLOODqiVER.UJNGS^
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caaaert.
dyers, Oourmllla. foundrte*. laundries, paper.
- baagen.. printers, pa in ten. aho* faotorle*,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «to. t
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers* 609 Sacramento) St
¦ Jt24nHm^£ TtnatAj for Gonorrhosa ,
**j4$ftrr>itt>ce%tM SJ?"*' 8 P«"a»torrhc8a,
CURES Whites, oaituril dijl
SBtSf la 1 to 6 itju 19 charget, or any inflamnji.
, ffKV Oaana«a*i u» *• tion. irritation or ulcera-
\^O N ° N "^°'R&l«r sent In plain wruppor.
3EOTWi C * ¦*• JB&L bT • i P« !SS j Prepaid, for
$1.00. or 3 bottle., 12.75.
0 a Circular sens oa roquwt.
Weak Men and Women
SHOXjXD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THB
Great Mexican, Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual oryans. Depot. 323 Market. '
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
• / £.. on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
; J f W1I SfiV (V ffi BOO Battery Street.
J- L- ff ILSVn g t'J-. Telephone Main 180k
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. *
JAw DUIC3 g \AJ CUy . Tel M>m 12&4-
OILS.
'. LCBniCATIXG OILS. LEONARD « ELUi
'[ ' '. <1S Front »t... 8. F. Phon» Main 1"1».
'"' PRINTING. ~——
P. C BIIfiHF^ printer.
C- W> mjUUCJ. 8U San»om» »u. 3. 7.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS" '
THEH1CKS-JUDD CO.- .
J tg W Flm ltreet> Bvi Fraacljca.
DB. EHMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. - ....^ ' /
nOCTftRS FNDORSF
'¦ - '¦¦¦¦' ¦ _¦ '¦¦ '¦;¦;¦ ¦ .•¦¦ - ¦•
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kid-
ney, Liver or Bladder Remedy, will do for
YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
EAST ATLANTA. Ga., March 1st, 190L
DR. KILMER & CO., Binghamton. N. Y.
Gentlemen— While it has never been my habit or Inclination to recommend
remedies the Ingredients of which are not all known to me, it seems as if I
should, make an exception in the case of Dr. Kilmer's : Swamp-Root. My experi-
¦ ence, so far as I have tested It in my practice, forces me to the conclusion that it
is a remedy of the greatest value in all kidney, liver, bladder and other inflamma-
tory conditions of the genito-urinary tract. I now take pleasure in prescribing
Swamp-Root in all such cases, with a feeling of assurance that my patients, will j
derive great benefit from its use. I shall continue to prescribe it in other cases in
my practice with the expectation of good results. Very truly yours,
(A. J. H ei!e. M. 0. Syr ** • *£. * j
Gentlemen— I have prescribed that wonderful remedy for kidney complaint. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, with most beneficial effect and know of many cures by its
use. 'i'hese patients had kidney trouble, as diagnosed by other physicians, and
treated without benefit. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root effected a cure. I am a liberal
man and accept a specific wherever I find it. in an accepted school or out of It.
For desperate cases of kidney complaint under treatment with unsatisfactory re-
sults I turn to Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, with most flattering results. I shall
continue to prescribe it. and from personal observations state that Swamp-Root
has great curative properties. Truly Yours,
I(L Br*tow Irish, M. D.* ' jp _ - S9 /% "*V
i7« 9th St, Borough of i / SJ .. — £r .-¦ '^^^4- B
Bwanip-Root is pleasant to take 'and is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
menced by physicians in their private practice and is taken by doctors themselves
who have kidney ailments, because they recognize : in it the greatest and most :
successful remedy for kidney, liver and bladder troubles. . ¦ -v-
. 'EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or bladder
trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail, immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling all about
Swamp-Root and containing many of tbe thousands upon thousands of testimo-
nial letters received from men and women cured. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, be sure to say that you read this generous offer in the San Francisco
Daily Call. ' - * .
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere. Don't ¦
make eny mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. Y.. on every bottle.
¦ liprht ¦WPlP'ht ¦ ip^^ %m I ¦
¦ • M0"ht Pfilfip riiiV' - T^r /II
: , . ,: ilgllL . yUlUl..- . njilm|f|sJ ¦ ¦¦ rT~ flUU!
. The above. tells the story |i|| !| ||« 1 1| >^ ill IS
of this underwear sale. If. |||i ||||| iS/VJ
we say too much about the j|j 1 1 |||j |||1 | | \1|1!
; values, too many people 1 1 1 I !| \ if I ¦
• will call and those coming ill 1||| iui If 1
last after the goods are sold Sl|'|f||l I||'\ A Illfil '
Oui-tf-'.own orders fiUed—wriie us. Wj]l l|! II l|l| I Jjijl A IHilli
' ¦ ¦ — ' —Murderer May Have- Been Located.
BAKERSFIELD, April 17.— The author
ities of this city are of the opinion that
they have at last located F. A. Brady,
wanted here for the murder of Bert Webb
at McKittrick in the latter , part of last
December during a quarrel over; a card
game. Sheriff Borgwardt is in receipt of
a letter from 1 Constable King C. Henley
of Wlnslow, Ariz., stating- that it ia be
llsved < that .- thej much-waaitedv man is In
jail • at ' Holbrook.* VA- photbgraph \*as also
sent here which is a good. likeness of the
fugitive. ¦ . ; . ; ¦
held up and robbed five Japanese. They
secured about 1 $35, four watches and some
clothing, the Japanese 'making no: resist
ance. ""-',•; '¦¦¦".¦•¦¦¦':.',: >
Masked Men, Rob Japanese.
SPOKANE,. Wash., April 17.— Four
masked -men entered the Great Northern
section house at Mead, ¦ about I ten I miles
north- of Spokane, early this morning and
impeding the progress of- the .Market
street railway system.' "Both "chauffeurs
hurriedly manipulated screws, valves,
stop-cocks, Brakes -..and other adjuncts,
but the "machine, would not stir. In a
few minutes there was. a string of cable
cars behind the wagon and \ a. score , of
conductors and gri^meny impatient to
learn what had stopped- traffic. ; :
Governor Budd is used to crowds. He
has delivered addresses from buckboards
and was willing to deliver an interesting
talk on what he did not- know of': auto
moblles^to his fellow-citizens if necessaiy.
But the opportunity was allowed to slip
by. Instead of thrilling the assembled
"rubber-necks,".' the Governor sat back in
his seat and listened to; suggestions that
were poured .into- the; ears of the chauf
feurs. •' ' .' "V ¦ ¦ •'. ' ¦-.-'¦ . - : '•;¦'-"-¦
b—— sfl X-GOVERNOR JAMES H^ BUDD
has lost faith In automobiles.
" There was a time.when-.that dis-
tlnguished statesman believed : It
his duty as a progressive Ameri
can citizen to keep abreast of the times,*
but this belief was badly shattered yes
terday when he essayed to conquer one
of the horseless vehicles. He hired two
chauffeurs to Introduce him into the'mys
teries of the steam wagon. He entered
the carriage at the Palace and the ma
chine started on its way. Sad to relate,
the auto did not get any farther than the
middle of the stree.t. With a few spas
modic coughs the horseless carriage balk
ed and refused to go farther. Clanging
bells warned the Governor that he j was
Shotgun Kills Its Owner.
LOS ANGELES, April 17.— Sylvester
Bise, 17 years of age, was killed by the
accidental discharge of- a shotgun near
Cerrltos yesterday afternoon. The • boy
attempted to stand the gun against a
cultivator, when -the weapon slipped,
striking on the hammer. The charge of
shot entered the head at the left ear,
killing the boy instantly. The victim was
the son of Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Bise of
Compton.
Dock Laborers Go. Out on Strike.
COPENHAGEN, April 17.-A strike of
dock laborers here threatens to tie up the
trade of. this, port. The. United Steamship
Company's -laborers^all'Went out^ to-day
and the sailors have given notice 'of their
Intention of joining the striking laborers.
"Hitch a horse to it," was suggested.
"Why. don't yer feed der animal?" yelled
a' newsboy. . "Put a fire under it and
scare it," advised another. "It auto be
pinched," said a facetious fellow, and
Governor Budd looked pityingly at him.
After quite a delay it dawned upon '/a
wise gripman that the' vehicle might: be
lifted bodily from the car track. A dozen
men grabbed* the auto and finally dis
lodged it. Clang, went. the bells, and the
business of a great' car system was again
in operation. . •. ¦ ' -J^
Governor Budd did not continue his ride.
He; met some friends who had watched
his unhappy plight. from the curb and
vowed he would stick to horses in future.
One of his friends attempted to dispose
of. a thoroughbred at a greatly reduced
price. '
Foreign Office Denies the Story.
BERLIN, April 17.— The statement that
the United j States Government has pro
posed to Germany, the question of a mixed
commission of American and German ex
perts to investigate the effects of boracic
acid and other preservatives on meat can
be denied upon the authority of the For
eign Office here. No such proposal has
been made.
MONMOUTH. , III.. April 17.— The ; Republic
cane of the "Fourteenth, Illinois 'district to-day
nominated Benjamin F. Marsh- for Congress. •
BURNS APPEALS MINING
SUIT TO DISTRICT COURT
Gives Bond for Six Hundred . and
Fifty -Thousand Dollars Pend- ,
ing the Hearing.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, la., April 17.-Ex>
Governor C. S. Thomas and Ralph W.
Smith of Denver to-day placed in the
hands of the clerk of the District Court
a surety company bond for. $650,000 for
their appeal to the District Court In: the
big mining suit of James Doyle against
James Burns. The bond is signed by
three surety bonding companies- and is
accompanied by a stipulation signed by
the 'attorneys for Doyle that It is satis
factory, to them. The bond was signed
by James F. Burns. and Smith as repre
sentatives of the three bonding com
panies. ':
The judgment entry signed by Judge
Green, In which he overruled the motion
for a new trial of the suit, was received
to-day and placed on record. It gives- the
plaintiff Judgment upon the verdict ' for
J146.922 73 and $8044 interest.
The amount of the supersedeas bond
was fixed by Judge Green himself. .Had
this not been done the amount; according
to the statute, would have been twice the
amount of the verdict. • f
BODY OF MURDERED MAN
IS FOUND BY TRAINk CREW
Remains Are Placed Hear Track in
the Hope of Misleading the
Authorities.
SALT LAKE, April 17.— A special. from
Ross Fork, Idaho, '. to the Tribune says:
Horace Rich, the adopted son of Samuel
Rich, a well-known citizen of Blackfoot,
Idaho, was found ¦ lying alongside " the
track just south of Ross Fork at daylight
this morning. The body was picked up
and brought to this place by a train crew
and later sent to Pocatello for the Coro
ner's inquest. It was:. at first thought
Rich had been struck by. a train while
walking on the track, but it was learned
he had a large sum of money and a gold
watch on his person, and this fact led
the Coroner to make the investigation a
thorough one. It was. found that Rich's
heart,- which had not been crushed • or
mangled In any way, had In the point of
It two clean-cut holes which appeared to
have been made by a knife or bullet. The
tracks of a horse led to within a few feet
of the railroad embankment and • an in
denture in the soft dirt showed ¦ where
some heavy body had been thrown to the
ground.
Rich was seen In Pocatello . yesterday,
where In paying some bills he exhibited
a large sum of gold coin, and it is be
lieved he was murdered for • the money.
Rich was 35 years old and unmarried.
PRESIDENT NAMES ARMY
OFFICERS FOR PROMOTION
He Also Selects James S. Clarkson of
New York for -Surveyor
of Customs. .
"WASHINGTON, April 17.— The PresU
dent to-day cent the following nomina
tions to the Senate: James S. Clarkson,
to be Surveyor of Customs for the dis
trict of New York. Army— The following
colonels to be brigadier generals: Simon
Snyder, Nineteenth Infantry; "William
Auman, Twenty-ninth Infantry.
Lieutenant colonel to be colonel-
Charles S. Bird, deputy Quartermaster
general.
Assistant adjutant general, with rank
of lieutenant colonel— Major James T.
Kerr.
Infantry — Lieutenant colonels to be
colonels— David 'J. Craigle, Eighth ; Al
pheus H. Beaman, Fifth; Morris C.
Foote, First. •-;
. Majors to be lieutenant colonels — John
T. Van Orsdale, Seventh; James A. Bu
chanan, Twenty-eighth; Joseph S. Hus
ton, Nineteenth. . ,- .-;-
Captain to be major— Arthur C. Ducat,
Twenty-fourth.
Artillery— Second lieutenants to be first
lieutenants — Charles E. Kilbourne Jr.,
Paul A. Barry, Jarius A. Moore.
SECRETARY ROOT MAXES
PEACE WITH THE SENATE
Relieves General Crozier and Captain
Lewis From Board of Ordnance
and Fortifications.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— Secretary
Root, before leaving for Cuba yesterday,
made an order relieving General Crozier
and Captain I. N. Lewis of the Coast Ar
tillery from further duty with the beard
of ordnance and fortifications. It is un
derstood that this action was taken out
cf deference to the Military Committee
of the Senate. The adverse report of the
committee or» the nomination of General
Crozier as chief of ordnance is salrl to
have been largely due to the complaints
of inventors having business with the
board of ordnance and fortifications. Now
that the department has given heed to
this objection, it is confidently said that
there will be a disposition in the Senate
to meet the department half way and
confirm General Crozier as chief of ord
nance.
Major Charles Shaller of the ordnance
department, who Is stationed at Indian
apolis, succeeds General Crozier .as a
member of the board of , ordnance and
1 f ortiflcatlons, and Captain Harry Taylor
of the engineers, stationed" at Boston,
succeeds Captain Lewis as recorder . of
the board. Captain Lewis has been or
dered to Join, his battery. ..:'<;
No more reckless an attitude was ever
taken with reference to an economic
question or with less benevolence, reason
or Justice, to support it." *«=««»««
Morgan maintained that the Isthmian
Canal Commission had no authority to
accept an offer of the Panama Canal
Company and that the sole duty of the
President was to determine the route he
would recommend to Congress.
Referring to the position taken by the
advocates of the Panama route. Morgan
Eaid : .
It is a political situation of great moment
¦ nil it Is a cause of sincere gratification to the
three republics concerned In this canal that
their Interests are unified and not discordant
as the interest* of the State of Panama are
toward those of Colombia.
One duty that the Government owes to hu
manity — which rises above all other personal
considerations — In the choice of these routes,
Ik the care of the health and lives of men<
¦whose labor is the real power that must open
this great waterway.
6 — If the dam at Bchlo. on the Panama route.
ehould fail from any cause, the only hope of
a canal across that isthmus- would perish,
never to be restored. All engineers admit this
fact. The failure of a dam at Conchuda or i
Boca Ban Carlos or at Ochoa or at Tambcr- :
prur.de or at any other cite en the San Juan
River would only mean the loss of that struc
ture, to k*- jre-plue ed en a better location if a
lake level canal is preferred. -
These chance* are at least 10 to 1, and if
the risk is estimated at only tenfold the cost
of the dam at Bohlo, it would deter the bold
est gambler In futures from risking the pos
sible loss of more than $80,000,000 when. If he
was successful, his . profits could not exceed
$<U«>0,000. But the loss of a dam at Bohlo
could not be less than $144,233,308 clear loss
to the United States in cash, to say nothing
of tie lives wasted in the work, the incalcul
able lose to our commerce and the national
Fhtme and despair that our people would suf
fer.
Discussing the proposed routes of the
canal and the decision of the "Walker
commission, Morgan Bald:
No member of either of the three- commis
sions expressed a doubt or apprehension aa to
the certainty of the successful completion of
a canal on the Nicararuan route on either of
five plans that have been adopted, Eurveyed
end located by the greatest engineers in
America.
The feasibility, practicability, usefulness,
permanence and commercial value of the Pan
ama canal to the United States are all clouded
with many doubts.
Panama Route Carries Risk. '
5 — The assured certainty of success in the
construction of a permanent canal is, of neces
sity, the basic or foundation fact upon which
Congress must act in the selection of the canal
route. Considered as a simple preposition of
civil engineering, there is no doubt — not even
a shadow of doubt — as to any fact touching the
practicability of a ship canal from Greytown to
Brito, in aad along the San Juan River and
across Lake Nicaragua. It is certain, beyond a
reasonable doubt, that its real cost is as nearly
within the limits of exact estimates as any
great public w%rk that was ever undertaken.
It is upon this ascertained and settled basis of
certainty that I rest my Judgment. ~"
The subject presents Itself to ray mind with
conclusive force in the form stated in the six
propositions I will now etaXe:
1 — V.'e have reached the point where lnvesti
ratlon Is complete by observation, experience,
scientific research and forecast, and these
means of knowledge are as conclusive of the
facts as we could hope to make them in an
other half century of delay.
2— The question now to ba decided Is the
choice of either of two routes for a canal,
whether it shall be located at Panama, or
through the valley of the San Juan River, In
Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
3 — The controlling factor In making this se
lection is the assurance of success in construct
ing & canal that will be permanently useful for
commerce and for the needs of the Government
and policies and for the benefit of the people of
the United States. /
4 — A turn of money neceeeary for expenditure
in the work of constructing such a canal to
accomplish euch ends cannot be reasonably
compared with the real value of the results to
the people and the Government of the United
States, and the choice of either route, with
e&fe, intelligent and sincere regard to its per
manent usefulness and advantage, should not
be controlled or affected by a difference In tha
present cost of construction, I will say, within
a limit of even $50,000,000.
Investigation. Is Now Complete.
Morgan argued In favor of the Hepburn
bill, providing for a. Nicaraguan canal. He
assumed in beginning that the Senate
was convinced of the indispensable char
acter of a canal — that it was a national
necessity— and that it was only a choice
of methods and a comparison of national
advantages which was left to decide "all
questions of financial ability, of private
Interests, of 'political bias, having been
relegated to the rear by command of free,
lionest and powerful people. It Is to
reach the logical results that should fol
low the actual merits of the claim of
either canal route, in deciding the prefer
ence, that I will try to present an outline
of the questions that now require discus
sion."
Continuing, Morgan said:.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— For more
than four hours to-day Morgan of Ala
bama, chairman of the Isthmian Canal
Committee, addressed the Senate on the
subject of the Nicaraguan canal. He de
voted the greater part of his speech to a.
consideration of the desirability and
practicability of the two principal routes.
Nicaragua and Panama. ' He strenuously
favored the former, maintaining that In
every possible respect it had many ad
vantages over the Panama route.
WILL TRY TO EXTRADITE
AN ALLEGED MURDERER
DENVER, Colo., April 17.-Sheriff Det
willer of Summit County, Colo., has ap
plied to Governor Orman for extradition
papers for "Pug" Ryan, who Is said to
be in Jail at Seattle. 'Wash. It is claimed
that Ryan, who had served a term in the
Colorado penitentiary, was the leader ol
a bane of desperadoes who committed a
series of cold robberies in mining camps
in this State in 1S9S and finally fought a
battle at Kokomo with officers in which
Sheriff M. E. Conrad and another officer
were killed. Two of . the robbers were
also killed, the. others escaping, it
brought back to Colorado Ryan will be
tried on a charge of murder. '
Colorado Authorities "Want "Pug v
Byan, Who Is Now in Jail at
Seattle.
"WASHINGTON, April 17.— The members
of the House who have been chiefly in
terested in the Chinese exclusion, after
formal conferences to-day, decided to ac
cept the Senate substitute adopted yester
day continuing In force the present laws
and applying them to our Insular posses
sions.
Representative Kahn of California, who
introduced the drastic exclusion bill in
the House, and Representative Coombs of
California, who aided in perfecting it,
both expressed the view that the Senate
measure should be accepted as the best
measure obtainable within the few days
remaining before the Geary law expires
by limitation. This view was made kiijwn
to Representative Perkins of New York,
who reported the House exclusion bill
from the Foreign Affairs Committee, and
an informal understanding was' reached
that If the California members were will
ing to accept the Senate substitute this
course undoubtedly would be taken by the
committee and the House. ;
"The Senate substitute as finally
amended, really gives us all we want ex
cept in omitting the sailors' clause," said
Kahn, "and it Is much more drastic than
is generally understood. It goes much fur
ther than the original Platt substitute and
by re-enacting the present law and the ;
law of 1SS8, extending them to our island,
possessions and continuing these laws in
definitely, we get almost if not quite as
much as we did by the original bill. But
In any event, as the present exclusion law
runs out on May 6, It would be desirable
to accept the Senate substitute, for if we
were a single day without an exclusion
law, thousands of Chinamen would cross
the border from Canada.", .
At the conclusion of Morgan's speech
In the Senate to-day. Platt of Connecti
cut called up the Chinese exclusion bill
passed bj' the House. He then moved that
all after the enacting clause, of the bill be
stricken out and that the measure, as
passed by the Senate yesterday, be sub
stituted for it. The motion was carried
¦without comment. This action on the
part of the Senate was necessary in or
der to facilitate consideration o£ the meas
ure in the House.
Declares That It Gives All
We Want Except as io
Sailor Glausa
eo lares There Is No Doubt
as to the Success of
the Canal:
Alabama Senator Says It
Is Practicable and
Desirable.
Congressman Kahn Says
Amended Measure Is
Acceptable.
EXCLUSION BILL
IS AGREED ON
MORGAN FAVORS
NICARAGUA ROUTE
Horseless Carriage Balks on Track and Gars P^
cratic Statesman's Chauffeurs Frantically^ Investigate*
EX-GOVERNOR BUDD IN AN AUTO
TIES UP MARKET-STREET SYSTEM
MANY NATIVES
ARE UNCIVILIZED
FORMER KING
DIES IN EXILE
Rev. Dr. Pentecost Tells
of Moral Conditions
in Philippines. .
Don Francisco d'Assiz of
Spain Passes Away
at Epinay.
Revolution of 1868 Results in
His Banishment From
Madrid.
Says Some- Tribes Are Still
Barbarous and Totally .
Ignorant
EPINAY, Department of the Seine,
France. April 17. — Don Francisco d'Assiz.
the former King of Spain, died hero last
night at the age of 80 years. Ho was
expelled from Spain In 1868.
Don Francisco d'Assiz, Duke of Cadis,
was born In Aranjuez, Spain. May 30.
1822. On October 10, 1346, he was married
at Madrid to his' cousin. Queen Isabella
II of Spain, and was the same day pro
claimed King of" Spain. Queen Isabella
and her husband were expelled fro-^
Spain as a result of the revolution' of Sep
tember. 30, 1S68. She formally abdicated
the throne in Paris, June 25, 1870. in favor
of her son, the late King Alfonso XII.
father of the present King of Spain. Al
fonso XIII. The latter, who waa pro
claimed King under the regency of bis
mother, on the day of his birth. May 17,
1886, is to.be crowned May 17 next.
LONDON. April 17.-Although there Is
no indication that Colonel Arthur, Lynch,
who fought on the Boer, side In the South
African war, and who" : was selected to
represent Galway City in Parliament In
November last, has any intention of
placing himself 'within reach of tho
British courts, the Government Is bring
ing witnesses from South Africa to tes
tify in support of the changes of high
treason brought -against him. Lewis
Handley. an American by birth, but a
naturalized British subject, and a farmer
In the vicinity of Glencoe, Natal, landed
in . England to-day. He says Colonel
Lynch was the leader of a Boer force,
principally composed of Irishmen, which
raided his farm in 1900, confiscated his
stock and other movables and destroyed
his crops. Lynch informed Handley that
he (Lynch) was a British subject.
British Government Brings Witness
. Prom Natal to Support Charge
V of Treason.. .
BUSY SECUBXNO EVIDENCE
AGAINST COLONEL LYNCH
SECRETARY ROOT TALKS ;r . .
. OF HIS MISSION TO . CUBA
Goes There to Lay Plans for the
Withdrawal of United States
Troops.
NEW YORK, April 17.— Secretary ' It qot
started . for Cuba to-day on the steam
ship Esperanza. Regarding his ¦ trip. . he
said: . '
rl am going down to look. over the field and
lay plans ! for the withdrawal of our . troops
from the island on May 20. There Is no
treat significance in my trip. I want to be
on the ground and . see for myself Just- what
the situation demands before I issue the final
orders. ¦'
¦ The Secretary would not discuss : the
prospects of the new Cuban Government.
He said:
I . am . not . prophesying. My function ends
with carrying out the- orders of the Govern
ment to, withdraw our troops and leave every
thing in as good condition as possible for the
new Cuban Government to take control.
LONDON. AprlM7. — The portion of the new
British war loan offered .for public subscription.
£16,000.000.- has been' oversubscribed thirty or
fcrty times ; and is now quoted at .1 p«r cent
premium. .¦-.-. .•'.... ...
There was a very lively discussion on
the' question of the Bible in the common
schools. It was urged by all that earnest
efforts should be made to put the ': Bible
in wherever.it has been. put .out.
' Dr. Pentecost expressed his "faith in
the integrity of our Government and fts
ability to rightly settle all these questions
in course of time/* He deprecated • crit
icism of the Government.
Addresses by Rev. Dr. A. G. "Wallace
of Sewlckley. Pa., and Rev. Dr. E. R.
Eschbach of Frederick, Aid., and the
reading and discussion of the reports of
the committees on the : home • mission
work and Presbyterian and Reformed
Church history occupied the entire morn-
At the afternoon session interest was
centered in the paper and discussion on
the Philippines. Tne discussion was oc
casionally ' very • earnest. '-.:* The alliance
was greatly shocked at the estate of af
fairs as disclosed by Rev. Dr. George E.
Pentecost of- New York. ;'.".'::
Dr. Pentecost, who was appointed to
go to t Manila and organize missionary
work for the Presbyterian church, spoke
on "The Moral Condition of the Philip
pine Hslands." He said: * .: *
"Millions of inhabitants of these isl
ands do not average up to the standard
of half-civilized people, and not a few
tribes are still barbarous, wholly unciv
ilized and totally. Ignorant" of many of
the arts and sciences of civilization or
Government, still living, in primitive con
ditions under local- chief tains . and in the
rudest huts .'and hovels,' depending for
a living upon . fish j and rice, knowing lit
tle and practicing less -of ; the larger ag
ricultural arts. In some of the islands
a system of slavery. is -still extant, and
in the . island of Sulu the -Mohammedan
religion, with its attendant institutions
of polygamy and "slavery,- both exist."
Dr. Pentecost said that there was; no
discrimination against the • Protestant-- re
ligion in favor of the Roman Catholics.
He said that the Government was- doing
all it could to protect the soldiers against
drunkenness and the social evil. - ¦
PITTSBURG, April 17.— The executive
committee of the Alliance of Presbyte
rian - Churches : resumed its sessions to
day in the Shady Side Presbyterian
Church.
ROME, April 17.— The Pope this morn
ing received in audience a. large number
of Swiss pilgrims. Owing to the diplo
matic rupture between Switzerland and
Italy a hostile demonstration was feared,
but it ¦was prevented by the exhaustive
military precautions taken by the Gov
ernment. . . .....
Pope Leo Receives Swiss Pilgrims*
BERLIN, April 17.— In order ( to encour
age rowing among the students . of the
University of Berlin in the manner of the
sport' in American and English colleges
Emperor William will offer what is to ba
known as the "Emperor's prize" for row
ing contests between undergraduates of
the university.
To Encourage Bowing Contests.
ROME, April 17.— The "War Minister,
Lieutenant General Count Dl San Mar
tlnio, has ordered the disbandment of tba
reservists -who were ordered to the colors
February 2^ to repress the then threat
ened general railroad strike.
Reserve Troops Axe Disbanded.
Colonel MaximofE Is Sentenced.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 17.— Colonel
ilaximoff has ) b«en sentenced to twc
years' Imprlsoiynent for killing Prince
¦Wittgenstein in 'a duel. The court com
manded that the colonel be pardoned.
THE SAN,: FRANCISCO jGALL, FRIDAY^ APKIL ; 18, 1902.
FORMER GOVERNOR JAMES H.BUDD STARTS FOR 'AN OUTING IN HIS HORSELESS CARRIAGE, BUT THE
THING BALKS IN THE \ MIDDLE OF THE STREETCAR' TRACK AND HOLDS UP TRAFFIC, MUCH TO
THE DISGUST-OF EVERYBODY. / '',.:". . ' :
3
ITEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IFWOMENONiW
What a Heap of Happiness It Would
Bring: to San Francisco Hornet.
Hard to do- housework with an aching
back.
Hours of misery at leisure or at work.
If women only knew the cause;
Backache pains come from sick kidneys,
Doan's Kidney Pills will cure It.
San Francisco people indorse this: -
Mrs. J. K. Dorn, proprietor of the gro-
cery at 1109 Folsom street; says: "Stead-
ily for four months I had backache; long
before that attacks occurred and when
they were at their height, headache, diz-
ziness and loss of appetite accompanied
them. After I went to the Owl Drug Co
3128 Market street, for Doan's Kidney Pills
the annoyances ceased. The remedy Is
well worth the money charged for It
Tou are at liberty to send any one to me
for a oorroboration of the above "
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Mllbum Co., Buffalo, N. T.. sole
agents for the U. 8.
Remember the name— Doan's — and take
no substitute.
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
«^ 22 or 38 Caliber. S3.75
It P V it 1 17P I CO - San Francisco.
11 W T Ul V VI Guns. FUhins Tackle
and , Sporting Goods.
Send ' tor Catalogue. -' -
Maker to wearer means one profit
• Ish'tit perfectly plain to you that the firm \yho buys -i
' clothing. through some jobber or middleman is not in a. posi-
¦ yio iYlarKet otreet r VOllI* nCCQS." '<DID Roscoe . Trokler . "null" Lass
of Langdon, ' favorite for the
fourth race; yesterday at Oak
land? " ,
The judges apparently thought
otherwise, but their views were evident
ly not shared by "Danny" Lynch and
"Frisco" Lind. owner and trainer, re
¦ epectlvely, of the fast filly. At least.
' "Danny"' is the reputed owner of ' the
. Lass.
The race in question was a six-furlong
sprint, with a field of eight starting, r.nd,
. notwithstanding the steady play, the
9 odds against Lass of Langdon went from
7 to 10 to 9 to 10. . Troxler got the Jilly
away from the post well, but by a
-'sweeping turn into , the stretch relin
quished the leading position to Prestano.
Th!s proved a fatal errcr. for in a driv
ing finish down at the wire his mount
: lest the decision by a head; Hoar rld
, ing an excellently judged finish on Pres
tano.
Meeting Troxler's brother in the pad-
E dock after .the race, "Danny" Lynch de
livered himself of a few breezy remarks
- during --which he InforentJaUy mentioned
he thought Troxler the younger had rid
den with the English on the wrong side
of the ball. For such a serious accusa
tion Troxler the elder took matters cool
: !y. Up to a late hour last night It did
. not look as If Lynch would be called
-upon by the officials to make any apol
'. ory to the rider. : -
Favorites were in fine fettle, and,- while
they did not sweep the. d>ck. four pur*es
i («1 to the : Ehort-nrlced : onea ; in v the ibet- .
E9__^__l__i__B_i__BH_H__B_B_i__v^_«__^HHfl
ting. Asoconja-and a third choice earned
winning brackets In the other two ov^utiT
The weather ' was fine and the attend
ance large. • - • {, ¦,^-
Halmetta,; with' Larry Daly in the sad
dle, went to the post a lukewarm choice'
for.< the opening seven-furlong run, and
in a long drive only beat Sir Claus- a
head. - The latter horse .was 15 to l'.in
the ring,- and it looked as if McCarty's
carlessness at the close cost the out
sider the race. Dawson, another r.ut
flder, finished third.
By just a scant nose did Malasplna- de
feat Quiz 1 1. far, the «ix-furlong selling
affair.,. The former filly. ruled a- strong
favorite, and, although" Donnelly . got
aer away from the post poorly, collared
Quiz Just in the nick; of time. Waler
bury landed the show with Ben Mceen
a ior< to.l shot. - '. ¦ .- . . , . -
_Alsono, the fast youngster ; trained by
Ben Tlmmons of the ; Burns & Water
house stable, gave a satisfactory spoed
recital In the two-year-old scramble. At
odds. of 9 to 20 the son of Altamax cut
broke and outran his field, breezing tTie
. ™ le J n 47 ?4 seconds; and beating Li?:
sle. Rice four open lengths. Nearly left
at the pest,; Gaviota ran a fair . third
Some hope was entertained that Pos'
tion would be capable of giving Eonic
an argument in the mile and an »ighih
hanaicap »... but the Racine gelding "made
a dismal failure of- the thing. Ennic
picked up, 100 pounds and, an; 11 to -• 10
favorite, won from start to finish,, cov-
th , e dl stance- in 1:53%. She was well
ridden by younsr Donnelly. ."Monk" Shee
nan handled Rio Shannon to excellent
advantage, retting the place by half "a
lentrth from Frangible. ; . "*••.- • .
,The.final mile, celling, number, went-; to J
Second- race— Four furlongs; ,'- selling; 'two
year-olds:; • ,. . •
(3C00)TheFdrum. . .110 3007 Jockey ClUbi .112
..r.-Nabuco- ..'....102 3504' Amoruna .... !>4.
(.M51)Bell Reed . . . .110 3600 , Tamm -\:. . r. 106
3500 Georgia West.. »7 3690 6ylvlaTalbot.l06
''¦ iii" EBf o r «»d--"-".rtl02 3582 Fire, Oance. . . 04
3368 Nigrette ...r.-Oa • ¦
-.Third ' race — Seven -furlongs^. four-year-oldV
, Track Notes.
Donnelly piloted two winners. '¦
Larry Daly also piloted one first choice,
after which he rested on his laurels: •'
The- -books kept: a good portion J of the
fif.ating jnoney in the ring. . ' 1- ''
.' Afte'r. winning the last-event Limelight
changed owners. -Billy" Magrane 'had -the
gelding In tobe-Eoid .for $300; and:: when
Billy Cahill raised the price to ?500 ceased
bidding.,,-;., ., : ,;/;/;'; ,.,;... , : ; ... v v ; -.;,,;
"Texas"' Wlnslette,' 1 who rode Katie
Walcott In: the second race, was the vic
tim of ah unfortunate accident^ While
engaged, in. pulling up the mare after the
finish the boy's saddle, turned, le'tting
him drop to the" ground;:. An examination
showed his collarbone to be -fractured, j
The list' of purchasers of single admls*
fiion- tickets -for Milroy. day was
yesterday by the following sales: D. Hud-
Jsort,'; J10;' Mrs. J; W." Brooks; $10;: - John
Mellinv $10: Guy Barham; 1 $5; ,T. '. Halpin ;
$5; \W S B." Jennings. $10; W.-lTieldwick,. $5;
,J. C. Hanrahan. $5; cash, $5; . cash: 4 $25 i.'
W.'-O'B. Macdonough, $50; ~W.: Schreiber
$20/ . , ,- ¦ -¦¦ ¦- ; : -.:• - - . v:.>,y,
; Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: :. ' ". :
First race— Five: furlongs; selling; "three
year-olds: ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .' ¦ •''¦'•'
3520 Dwight Way.-.119| 360G ElrPllar.T".. 7.122
350.1 Annie. Max.:. 112 1 2179 Snooae .-....• ;-. 112
3557 Sleep'g- Child. 112 [ .1473 R.'Bonner 11.114
352.1 Sen. Bruce. . .1'22 (S572) Solinus ..:... 110
3431 Rlonda . . . . . .114 :!5f»(I Axminster .. :122
3611 Baldo ..1191 3:147 Mike Murphy. 110
First race — Solinus, : EI Pilar,
¦Eionda.: .. -^ '.,¦/;:":, "¦ . .', .'. ¦ ¦
Second ; race— Bell R«ed; t' Sylvia
.Talbot/Amorunk.. •
; < Third racfr—Meehanus, v Matt : Ho
gan, Silver] Fizz/ •" •'. '' > . ,;; >'--"-;'
,:-:¦' Fourth race— Devereux, Matilda O.
Alfred'C^ ?A'CiiT l y-': :\ y : '¦[< :"/
K - Fifth race^-Di vina; : F1 iish of Gold./
EyronKose. •• ' ' ; : -; : . '¦•' " ; : '• ; ; ; ,\. "- :
" . Sixth race— Wolhurst/ Plan, Lena.
Eastern ? EacingilUsults.
NEW YOHK. • April 17.— Aqueduct summary:
Fir6t 'race,', five" and"a "half furi6h_s.S€llln_—.
Sixth race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds and upward: ... ..-¦ .
(3C06)McNamara ii'.ioi 3574 Galanthus ' '. . .100
'•UM SUnello :...'.;. 10+ (3K03)Wolhursf . . . .110
Afl'i? Merops .,..•..;-. 104 (»«10)Straggler^:. .113
3«0.5 Larry >W»t;;.! 88 ,3610 Plan..... V... -.104
or°-l Wy . Med 1 sonie. 105 : 3609 . JClckumbob .-. 107
3505 Lena :,..;. -...^-,'ipfi I..,, '.•,. . -,
SEIiECTIONSTOIt TO-DAY.
"Fifth, 'race— Seven-', furlongs: the Flirtation
Handicap; three t .x;ear..plds. an d -upward : , -. . , ¦
-MM .Varro l ':\i'. .'. . :02i C35C0)Constellator ; -. .107
3002 Byron Rose. .'. 100r(. i i685)Divina - . . . : : .1«J
3602 Hagerdon ...'.1071 :SM>2. Bragg ......:. 75
. 3585 Rubiis i. ¦.'"».'. OS -3502 ; F10sh of Gold.100
(3602)La Goleta. ....108' ,- ' -'. ' ¦¦< -r .¦.•••
..-.Fourth'raee-i-SlxVand' a 'half furlongs; four
year-olds and -upward:- '¦,'..' ¦ ;,.
;- 'H'H Quibo . ' . . . . v'.Vl 04 j. 35.39 Matilda O . : .:1O2
358-r Alfred C:..V.ai7 aooi Gold Baron.V.lU
S?,!i(\ Senora Caesar. 105 SoaOMorlnel • ::..\A\2
"2521 : Marine "se ¦. . .111 3507 Har. Thatchr:il4
3551 -Mike Rice... Jtl4 358.1 Lief Prince.;. 114
..•5442 Rio Chlco. ... .107 3C0!> Fondo. ..•..-..- .111
..3571 St. Rica.. >. s . 104 3600 DevereUx .....1U
35<5 Rasp... .:..... in ¦,'-.¦¦ - •¦
:!¦ '¦¦'¦ ¦ >:¦ .-i_.- ¦ ', .. ¦ • « » • » » • 4JI-J-TTT
.3570 Matt HoganJvlifr 359<3'.Golden,Llght.. 108
I -iri SMSK Gl > er ,- .-.114 r?382 .yng Morelio. . 114
oStt ¦.-ThevHopdod.:iO«f 3*W Silver Fij£2. ...109
2?2S"'2^ eenaliue ''••..Ht> -3585-Df. Boyle. .. .108
- o_Jso Sly ' •'.v.VtCi • .1.1*1 ¦¦' ¦*¦* • * - ¦¦ ' ¦ » -¦
LlmelJghti 'the;, slrongly : backed third
choice.^ Tizona, a. 6P' to 1 shot, finished;
neeond,^ a-'length-ln advance' of- Di&med,
.the _ second, choice. Horton; the ••favorite,"
.*Vas fourth:.- -i--- ' -.-:;' ". ¦ ;.:',-¦.¦••> ¦ -
Harriman 1 was warmly welcomed 'oh" his,
arrival by forty gentlemen prominent in
business, social and educational life, all
of whom had been ' invited by Reid" to
aps'ist-hirh-in welcoming his distinguished
guest. Atl elegant menu was served; Reid'
and Harriman" occupying- the head of • the I
table. -The following- named - gentlemen
were present: : x [\ ¦ . ' . .
.. Whitelaw Reid, E. H. Harriman, Irving . M.
PRESIDENT E. H. HARRIMAN
of the Southern Pacific Company
arrived, in this city yesterday
morning at 11 o'clock from Mon
terey. The great railway mag
nate's coming was not heralded, and few
railway men in . the '"yellow building"
were aware of the arrival until he ap- !
peared at the office of • the company, i ¦
¦ When the news , spread that , the chief
of the big corporation was In the building
there was -some excitement. During: the
lunch • hour many Of : the employes
watched the corridors- "and stairways lead-'
Ing to the executive offices in the hope of
seeing the man who in a j few years had
'; risen from a station as obscure as theirs
i to one of national prominence and im
! menee power. Shortly after 1 o'clock
Harriman and Vice President Julius
Kruttschnitt left the building in company,
and walked to the Pacific-Union Club .at
i Post and' Stockton streets, ', where .-the:
magnate was to be the guest of honor at
a luncheon tendered him by. Whitelaw.
Reid. ' ' •-
Scott, " Da\-ld Starr Jordan.' ¦ CaDtaln 5 -A.
:H. Parson. J. W. ¦ Byrne, =F. Wheelan.
.Edward • Horkins, Dr. Brlnham. , F. J.
Cardan, . Timothy Hopkins, Henry T. Scott,
' fi. Brown,' Julius Kruttschnitt. Harry Babeock.
Prolesaor Bakewell; J. 1). Grant, - A. Bowie,
Mr. and Mrs. Alvord, Benjamin Ide Wheeler, W.
H. Mills, J. W. Mackay. General Babeock,
Judge Hayne. Professor Bacon. W. F. Herri n,
Mr. Brown, William Babeock. T. A. Donohoe,
C. W. Howard, W. H. Jordan. Charles Green,
Horace Platt. J. A. Parrott, William Crocker 1 ,
Herman Oelrichs, Judge \V; W.- Morrow, C, A.
Peabody, -Y. ..W. -Auchlnc'oss, .Dr. Lyle and
Stanley Brown...,. " , ' ', '. , |
After - the discussion of the collation
Whitelaw . Reid rose, arid : , welcomed Har
riman to San Franciscd. He said he
gla'd to be able to do so, and he expressecl
the belief that all present would recall
the event .with pleasure. .That: the com
ing of Harriman to the Pacific; Coast
would .be of benefit to the. people of this
section as • wx'll as; to. • the company ' of
• which Harriman was the head he did not
doubt. Reid spoke briefly and closed with
• the remark that . the affair was im
promptu and that set speeches were not
.expected, in, consequence. . : . .;,
m There were calls. for Harriman, who was
.not apparently, desirous: of • Indulging.; ih
oratory. He arose .finally and remarked
that he had not prepared himself for the
occasions He ;was '.proud; however, to meet
many distinguished gentlemen, he said 1
. a-nd ; .he expressed- gratification at ; the
honor, done him-by. their .presence. He
: n »d JIttle to offer, he said; and he closed
; with, thanks to . -Reid •' and -.the assembled
«>mparjy for i the, .courtesy extended /to
. , m -. Harriman was; warmly: applauded,
< T^. T?oi J ' m :^U"y-«cond. Alpaca"
p'™«'S, nd " race> »i andl caD. seven furlongs—
Time? l:Vl O -S' — °, lm .," ec0 ? d ' Agr.es D. third,
"\Ttaird race, le'ven- furionRs, selHnjr— Anrli
SthirT^^S^^ SeCOnd '
' Fourth . race..- the ', Rfcse stake*, four and a
hair furlonKii/ for miles., two-year-olds— Morca
won, Alan second. Blue Delft: third. Time
ZOO. ¦ ' •;¦ ' ¦ ;• •; -"•/-.''-¦ . ..•
¦ Fifth race, five furlones. selllnsr— Bruff ; won.
1-W} -> n 5 second - Knockabout third.- Time.
i x^ , race . Jor two-year-olds, four 1 and a
half.furlon-s— Toscan won. Blue and Orange
second, Fort Wayne third. Time. . :5C 1-JJ. .
CHICAGO, ADril: 17.— Lakeside results: '%:;/
_ First : race, seven - f urlomrs— Sch walbe won.
TimV '¦ W8 le 2-5 sc ? dnd ' ' Tomm y V Foster third. ¦
•* Sfcc'ond.race, four and ahalf furlones— Lady
thi cf m ti " W °"' Conwutatlon second. '¦ Seize
' Third ¦ race, mile ¦ and a '¦sixteenth— Lingo
won. , Dr. . Stephens , second, Disby . Bell third.
Time, 1 1 :4S. - : ; •
¦">i Fourth race, four f urlongs-^-Pennant won,
Brookston second," Mr. Guernsey third. Time,
_- Fifth .race, one mile ¦ and seventy yards-
Loon- won. Ilowaho second,^ KIngstelle third.
Time, 1:4G. . >. . — •¦ . ;,¦ , if. •¦-¦*< . •
-Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards-_iilgs
Liza jwon, > Radiant ¦ Heat second Little Tim
,third.':,Time, ;1:47 1-5. • ' -. .,
Tenn.,v April . 17.— Montgomery
Park summary: •: ' ¦¦ • , i
-First" -race; -Belling, six ¦'. furlongs— Last
Knight^ won, ; Aratoma second, Clarena third.
Time, ' 1 :10.', ... ' .--¦., .-.»,-.
•r, Second race. Belling., one mile and'an eighth"
'¦_ Third race, i seven . and . a i half furlongs-
Leviathan ..won. Aladdin • » second,- Autumn
Leaves third. Time. 1:36 %: ,- AUlvlln n
¦ . Fourth . race. c Memphis Club purse, one mile
and . a t sixteenth— Terra Firma ; won. The ' Lady
second. Wax - v Taper third. -.Time." 1:48
Fifth race,-, four: and a .half ¦„ furlongs-^Poor"
Boy , won.v Tom f Cogah ' second. ?Prince . of : En
durance; third. ..Time. ;¦¦¦;¦¦ ¦-. ¦'
'i Sixth race, selling,' six furlongs— Clorlta won
Samuelson second, Sir. Christopher, third. Time'
1 x 1*>. », v^3?S5tS -_-_bBt3p4^9BG^ta_Hfl___HBKBWt'' tw *' *
?u P^ N P.C^I'.V. A ? rl1 ; 1 7- ; -'rhe 2 Republicans of
ryMf. B t l n n no { f l dl^ trlct ¦ to - d ay nominated
Charles : I. Fuller for' Con_resa.
______ __ ; — ; _: : .t.
and after the diners separated a recent
tlbn was held in the club parlors.-, .1 • -;
\TheJgreat railway man travels^" and
lives 'In his palatial private car "Arden.":
This car was sidetracked at. Third and
Townsend streets, throughout' the fday
and during the*? absence of the -magnate
was- cbnstantly. v guarded by ! two" police
men. vHarrlman" .was > not certain what
course he-Would pursue, : and .up' to 5
...o'clock, he entertained- the notion, of re-
v r tutnirigr . to ;Montef cy. — Harflman** f amUy"
-;are awaiting him* but t at ,that hour v he
.consented -to remain in the city, until to
morrow. - Harriman was Kruttschnitt's
guest last night at a theater party given
in his honor. • -
The . theater selected was the Colum
bia, where E. S. Willard appeared iii
"The Professor's Love Story." Harriman
. was accompanied by Kruttschnitt and W
F. Herrln. They occupied, a loge. and
during the evening were the recipients of
attentions from mutual- acquaintances
.Harriman was seen -by a Call reporter
during the performance. The magnate
is an affable gentleman, .easy of.- access
and a good conversationist: ¦¦¦ .
"My trip to the. Pacific Coast," said he'
"is merely to acquaint myself with the
Southern Pacific system. «_: am looking
over the property .of the -company with
a view toward securing- intelligent .data
ns to certain improvements contemplated
by the company-.- .--- W-4. havef: many . tm
provements under way,- and' it'is our pur
: posp to continue along those lines until
we have the best railway. system in Amer
ica. That's all. there is;to say-concerning 1 ,
my visit to San Francisco."/' ;. '.. ¦., ¦..-
Harriman ' said further, however that
he was considering the bay shore cut-Off
This he deemed -to; be 'an extensive Im
: provement. and" one ¦.'thaf~-would < .b* 'of
vast benefit to San . Franclscox He said
special attention T- would be • paid to the
betterment of. the. suburban Service t »^
The meeting;, of the representatives" of
the transcontinental Unes at' Hotel' Coro"
nado and the- report that- the ".Southern
Pacific andvRock Island! routes were
forming a coalition . for v the; "purpose of
' controlling thec. passenger _nd f reieht
tfamc to^ Southern California^ere mln
to On dis d cuss U th e mf rrlman . POllt ? ly decllned
t n A fi e I'-k h f theate .r the party adjourned
jo ed Palace ' where a supper was en-
i';S0^IE ' OF,", THOSE PRESENT-AT
LUNCHEON GIVEN IN HpNOR',
.. r pE, E.. H.. HARR.IMAN. .„.,,"!.„ .„.- ..
Joe Walcott. the elusive litUe boxer;
' arrived here, yesterday, from the .East,
• accompanied by his manager. "Billy"
Pierce of I Boston. The. colored welter
weight is in prime. condition, iavlng had
- a number of fights recently. "
He is to box George Gardner for the
' second time in Woodward's Pavilion next
'.Friday, night.. Gardner- will weigh .164
.• pounds to Walcott's 143.. The colored
• boxer expects to carry- off the long end
t of the purse. Gardner^ has been anxious
. for a return match, as he was In no con
, ditibh when he met the .colored wonder
••before. • . , , .. . . . . v\,...,;.^ '
;- W'alcott went at ¦' onclo . to Larkspur,
• where he will train. " ¦•"
• LOS ANGELES, April 17.-^Champion
Jim Jeffries recefvi?4,a'.telegrajoi.' to-day
from Fitzsimmons . saying he had finally
concluded the | Sight •¦ could be held only
¦ in California and that he would fight
when apd where Jeffries desired. In
j cpeaking or the telegram. Jeffries said :
"I den't know what to make of it. but
I you can say I shall- pay no attention to
. it until- Fit ZFimraons puts up his forfeit.
] have wasted too much talk and time on
him "cow and" won't go to any. further
; trouble jLill he shows his money. It is
too late to get t for a fight for the
; Cate originally set by the Los Angeles
club. There would be no time to train.
¦' I'll be glad to come to terms whenever
Fltz chows the disposition."
Manager McCarey of the Century Club,
which bid 530.000 for the fight, to take
¦ place during the carnival, said: *'Ifs too
; late for us to bring the fight off. We
, couldn't get ready, nor could the men do
; BufScient training."
It was learned from the. Century Club
RESULTS OF THUHSDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK
Batteries— Swormsted —and Bersen ; Taylor
aqd. Chance. t "
• Ni^-^TORK. /April 17.— -On 'Brooklyn:
grounds: :: '; . n R
Boston ;...O 0 1 0 00 6 0 <M-l' 0
Brooklrn -. .0 0 0 1 0 J. 00 x— 2 8
Batteries— Willis and Klttredsre; - Ttonovan
and Farrell. . ',| - i-'.;
officials,. howeVet/. that a bid whir be sub
mitted for a fight on f July 4. \ w
"Nothing 1 has. been done toward arrang
ing a fight between Corbett and Jeffries,"
said Joe Eagan,- manager for Jeffries, to
day, when his attention had been called'
to a dispatch to . the effect that Harry
Corbett of Ban Francisco was trying to
arrange a. match.
"Jeffries has received no word from the
ex-champion or any one acting for him In
several weeks, and it is. doubtful if Jeff
ries would consider meeting Corbett at
all. The champion wants .a fight with
Fitzsimmons, - as he believes such a mill
would be a good drawing card." , (
N'BTT' YORK;^ April 17.— The National
League season opened . to/jlay
wit nout m&ch preliminary nourish; New
- Ydrk^ntit -out- Philadeiphta-and : l»itt6burg
dWithe'afemt-.wlth St, Louis, ;.Th« scores:
Philadelphia 6 '6 '"6 "'6 ' 6 - ?' 6 0 0-H& 2
New York j... ..,:..... -0.0 0 8,0.2 0 0,^7,.;; U
Batteries— Kelix. . Voo.rhles and Ja,cksUtch;
Mattne^son' and Yearer. . '. .' ': »¦
ST. LOUIS. April 17. *'.'"''" R. .E.
St. J L6ufs; .¦.:...'..'.'... 0 6 0"0 frOO 6O-M)" 4
rittsburg ....• ...0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0—1 ; 0
IBirttMies^-Yerkea and Ryan: Philllppl and
O'.connor. ,;..-«.., .-»/»;-,¦¦ -.'» ¦: -V ",,• ,.' :
ciNcikN4Tt Apririf. . ' ¦¦; *;v ¦¦ ; 'r.'e.
ClntfnJatU ........... .l'b'O 6 0 b.0'0 0^-1 3
ChlciB* 0 1 0 2 0 02 0 l-e-0 2
Fitzsimmons^ Commences An
other Long Distance Talk
ing Match.
Two Teams Pail to v Score
Upon -Their First Ap- ' I
pearance.
' "• .¦¦¦;' ' *V*i' ''."•' . ,-:¦ ¦ '¦' .. t
National League Season;
Opens Without Much ; \
Display.
¦-¦¦'¦. ••,.'. ¦•' ".". ' " ' ¦¦•'¦- ' ¦ - : .. .'
of Southern Pacific Gbmpany Arrives in This Gty and Is
: ; '" \ ' -Dined at Pacific-Union Cliib, -
iiiusive Welter- Weight
Is in Prime Condition
\to Fight ¦¦.;-...
WALCOTT COMES
TO BOX GARDNER
RAILWAY MAGNATE E. H. HARRIMAN
IS GUEST OF HONOR AT BANQUET
BALL GAMES
IN THE EAST
PONIES CANNOT
FIND SCHMIDT
COLLEGE MEN
IN COMPETITION
Representative Entry for
the Annual Field
SUMMARY. : (
Runs responsible for-^Jones 2, Doyls 4. Two
base hits — Raymer, Toman, Atherton. House*
holder.- Rehsamen. Sacrifice hits — Hannlvan.
Reilly. • First boss on errors— Los Angeles 1.
Sacramento. 3. First base on called balls — Oft
Jones 4. off Doyle 1. Left on bases — Los An-
Kelea 7, Sacramento 5. Struck out — By Jones
3. by Doyl« 1. Hit fcy pitcher — Hannlvan.
Double play — Raymer to Decker. Wild pitch —
Jones. Time of game — 1:45. Umpire Mc-
Donald. .* -r>-
Dave Sullivan Tights aDraw.
WATERBURY, Conn., April 17.— Dave
Sullivan of New York and Austin Rice of
New London fought twenty rounds ,to a
draw here to-night before tfOOO spectators.
Sullivan took the most punishment. At
times it looked like Rice's fight. Sullivan,
said after the fight: "This man can take
more punishment ' and return it at tha
same time than Terry McGovern."
r cate. . Jones held the visitors down for a
clean slate until the seventh inning, .when
they fell ef» him- for. three hits, a Tbepe. v ln
connection with Raymefs : error*. neit;d
• them two runs. Two more were 'tallied
in the eight on two base hits, a base on
balls' and an error.. The locals found
Doyle for -twelve hits. The fielding of
Sacramento was not of a sensational or
der, nor were they as fast on bases as
the home players. Score: .
.LOS ANQELES. /
. / AB. R.BH. SB. PO.*A. E.
Toman, s. s. ........ 4 0 102 J 0
Hannlvan. lfv ...... 1 1 « 0 0 • O' 0
Atherton, rf '....4 2 3 1 X ff 0
Householder, cf. ...4 1 3 O'S'O O
Raymer. 2b. ........ 4 1 2 1 •» >5 . 2
Reilly. 3b 2 0 2 11 -3 N ft
Decker, lb. 4 0 0 ' 0 10 I O
• Roach, c. . : ; 4 ' 0.1' 0 3 ¦ ~ 0 0
Jones, p. ........... 4 0 fr 0 d-.vS-. 'I
Totals 31 5 12 3 ZT -IS *3
~ : -.?.. SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BB. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. 3b 3 11 0. 2 4 0
Unplaub. 8. 8 4 1 10 3 6 1
Doyle, p. 4 1 1 0 ' 0 ' 4 O
Rebsamen, cf 4 0 •' 1'' O' 0" - 1 O
B'lrmlnj?hani," lb 3 0 0 0 15 O O
Frary, 2b 3'0 1 0 1* 1 0
McCarthy, If. ...... 4 00 0 1 00
Graham, c. . .' -.2 0 0 0 " • 3 ¦ 2 ' 2
Waffiser, rf. i......w 4 1 0 0 0 . 0 •
Totals 31 4 5 # 0 24. 18 "s
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '
Los Angeles 1 10 0 3 0 0 0 x— S
Base bits 2 2 2 1 4 0 10- x — 12
Sacramento 0 0 0.0 0 02 2 O— 4
Base hits ...... 0 0 0 0 0 0 S 2 0—3
man. . - ¦ - • ¦
16- pound - hammer throw : California, — Plaw,
Hartflne, Albertson. Stanford — Van Sickle.
Crawford, Hyde.
Shot put: California— Plaw. Overall. Fauta.
Coombs, Kelsey. Braly. - Stanford— Hyde,
Crawford, Van Sickte. Parker.
High jumo: California— Cooley. Powell.
Check, j Kruscbke. Stanford 1 — Henley. Bell.
Palmer. . :
Broad Jumb: California — Metcalf. Hussey.
Topham. Minor. Cheek. Stanford — Henly. Bell.
Nnramore, Lyons. .•
Pole vault: California— Wllcox. Oeary. "
Symmes. Stanford— Bell. Henly, "Whittaier.
Beach. ¦ •
The field day. officials are as follows:
Referee, John Elliott; Inspectors — William
Knowles, B. Walsh, A. Smith: tlmer3 — Franfc
Carey. Colonel G. C. Edwards. D. Smith.
Fred Koch, D. E. Brown; starter. Phfl
Wand: Judges at the finish — F. Angell. H. Tor
ray, G«or*e Karleln; clerk of the course — C. '
A. Cantwell: assistant. J. M. E<»hleroaxi; Held, ¦
Judges— H. B, Reynolds. R. I. Woolsey. E. J.
Brown; measurers— J. Coffin, L. A. Womble,
B. Miller. C. R. Lewers.
The California athletes will leave Berke
ley at 10 a: m. The University band and
the rooters will leave at 10:30 o'clock and
take the 12 o'clock special from San Fran
cisco. . ¦
. All entries are in for the University of
California and Stanford University annual
track meet, which wilt be held to-morrow
at 5 p. m. at Palo 'Alto. California haa
more men in the events than its rival.
The official entries • {dllow:
Mile run: .Californla^-Redewill. Robertson.
Graves, • Woods. Service. Graydon. Weymouth.
Stanford— Gay, Holman. Davis. Wangle, Green
baum, . McLau^hlin.
100-yard dasli: Calif ftrnlar-Cadoiran. Brown.
Abaile, Husuey. Stanford— Hamilton. Haw-J
ley. J. C. McCau*hern, T. McCaujrnern.
120-yard hurdles: Califcrniar-Powell. Ham
lira. Cheek. Hannitfjn. Stanford— Kuhn, Dol.?.
Taylor. Naramore.
410-yard dash: California— Llsda, Howard,
Adler. Cadoean, Powell. Brainard. Service.
Hartley. Johnston. Annear. Kuster. Stanford
— Dunn. Smith. ¦ Grossman. .¦ ; Dole. Watson.
Davis. Kehrlein. Fowler, i ¦ _/
Two-mile run: California— Tibbetts. West
dahl. Minor. Stalder. Weymottth. Redew U.
Stanford— Chadbourne. Burton^ McLaughlin.
¦ Guild rum, Davis. .. __
220- yard hurdles: California— Powell. Han
nigan. Cheek. . Stanford— Naramore. Taylor.
Kirhn. -•-¦.. . ¦ .. ...
• 220-yard dash: California— Cadogran, Abadie.
Annea, Townsend. Stanford — T. Me-
Cauxhern. Hawley, Luce, J. - C. McCaughern.
Hamilton, Moran.
880-yard run: California— Service. EdwardJ.
Woods, Graves, Graydon,' Robertson. Schilling.
Simile. Stanford— TarDe^-Dunn. Swinnerton,
ChatJbourne, Thompson, Kehrlein, Davi3.
••' Mile relay <four men to compose each team):
Califoniia— Service. Powell, Cheek. Brown.
Bralnara. .Lisda. Howard, Hartley, Smllie.
Johrjcton. Redewill, Sch^lllni. .Cadosan. An
near. . Stanford — Dunn, Smith. Crossman,
Dole, Watson, Davis, Kehrlein. Fowler. . Ho»-
Berkeley and Stanford Will
Make a Bid for
Honora
Oakland Plays Fasi Ball
and - Outclasses the
Local "Wonders.
Dunleavy Sends tho Sphere
Over the Fence for a
- Home Run.
.Mr. J. Cal Ewing's aggregation , of
home-made baseball talent, with! . some
foreign blood mixed through It/ en joyed^
n pleasant afternoon yesterday at the*
Eighth-street lot. [ rr -'j-'.(-xS W. ".¦'.
Mr. E wing acted as host, and i Mr. H.
Harris was the guest of honor. He
brought nine young men '.with .him,' while
E wing had a like numberlo keep . the
honored .ones from getting lonesome. Ev
ery one admitted Ewing was a- most un
gracious 'host. He treated his : guests in
a heartless manner, 'cUowing^'; them'. only
two waltzes to the hospitable. plate, while
he reserved eight for his own pets.' "
Schnildt.'who made his debut- In base
ball society last season, was offered . by
Ewing as the chief entertainer; - for "* the
Oakland social lions, .wh t ue;\cute, little
Elmer Meredith wa3; choice.
Schmidt was as wild as the- cowboys of
tho Wild West in tlie 'first half . of the
function, but 'the : \Ponle3- never" .had a
chance to hit any of his curves.' He stead
ied down in - the second half.".: and. -elided
the game in a blaze of glory." .' •
Meredith,. Uhotigh at times ¦ hit hard,
delivered the goous like' a gentlemani, and
tcok his first- defeat with as macltf grace
as the girl graduate takes her'dlpjoma. ..
The Oakland, belles begiin to act tr.ean
at the outset. Meredith, threw a, pretty
little. curve to Walters, who' was unkind
enough • to" -soak It "over .second base.-
Mohler was. not so bad;, he ohiy "sacri
iiced the unjust one .to second. Julia
Streib sent a mean on-j' to. Holly, who did
not want to act selnshly, so he threw
over Nordyke's head, allowing Walters
to make his ' first run on the local dia
mond and letting Streib reach second.
Brick Devereaux- tapped the sphere gen
tly, toward Meredith, who forgot -to put
glue on his hands, so . Streib made the
t>econd tallyl ." .
The suburban tosscrs continued to make
inroads upon the home base. . •' They had
different members of the team chasing
around in the third, fourth, fifth, seventh
and eighth innings. In the fourth Dun
leavy put one over the centei field fence
after having two strikes called on him.
Big McCreedie had a *hree-cushion swipe
concealed under his arm, and sprung it
while the fifth was in progress.
The eighth was kind to the Pnnies. Mc-
Hale was given a chance on Franck's er
ror, and Bone bunted safely. Eddie Hol
ly's eye was working well, for he put
a pretty single into short right field, giv
ing McHale and Bone a chance to scam
per home to Uncle. In" all the other in
stances Schmidt was th* big boss. The
Ponies had to accept whatever he chose
to band them, and hi3 collection savored
as much of mystery as one of Nich Car
ter's Weird tales. . •
Dunleavy. aside : from hitting: like a
steam hammer, ran bases like a J&ck
rabbit, stealing second and third in a
way which made Ewlngcast side glances
at Harris and say "I guess he's bad."
Little Mohler worked his left wing at
second Just as he used to da Streib'a
work at first was a' revelation. Old
Brick Devereaux had some gingery pack
ages to hand out. while Little Hodson
did his best on the coaching line, look
ing like a bantam rooster anxious for a
fight. Nordyke Injured his leg -in the
first.- - He continued to play until the
fourth, when he retired in favor of Del
mas, Kane going to right field. Score:
. '.; SAN FRANCISCO. .;*."-_*
'"-' AB.' R.'bhVSb7pVx A. E.
McHale. '1. f 4 10 0 ft--- 1- 0
Bone.. 2b,-., ... 3 l. ; 1 0-2 1 0
Lawler. -C. f.... 2' 0 0 -, 0 "2 ©•' O
Nordyke, lb 1 O 0 0 5 1 0
Holly,- s. s.... 3 -O 1 0;-3-i 2 1
Shugart. 3b » 3 OO O ...4V'O O
Leahy, c ..3.0 0 0 3.1 1
.Delmasy lb & r. t... 4 O .1-0 -4- 0 0
Meredifti, p.......... 2 0 0 0 0 .5 1
;Kane. .r.;?..» '../.. ;.;.*." 2 "" 0/0 0 .1 0 0
! Totals ..V.'ir. — .^27 2 3: 0,24-11 3
v *."..* ' ' OAKLAND.
V ' ' : ' :AB. H. BlI. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f ........ 6- '. 2' \3-' 0 2 O O
Mohler. 2b.-.,,<i..^.4 • I"! 2- ¦ 0-2 5 O
Strelb, lb, ..••"..;. 4" Tl I 2. 13' 0 0
McCreedle. r. f. .;.-. .-4-- » 1 0 0 O O
JD«vereaux, 3Ix.ii..;:. 4- o -.0 o .o > 3 o
¦DanlMtvyv'"!: f. ;....» 3 2 ¦; 2 2 0. 0 0
Francks, s. s. ....... 4 " 0 1 0 3 6 1-
Gorton. c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Schmidt, p.... 3 0 0 0 1 2 0
/¦Totals -.¦.... 35 8 11 4 27 IS 1
RUNS AND HITS BY. INNINGS.
San Francisco. .. O : 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 2
. Base hits 00000012 O 3
Oakland ;..\.... 2 0 It 2 0 1 1 x 8
Base hits. .'.'... -l'O • 0 2 4 0 2 2 x— 11
SUMMARY.
Home run— Dunleavy. Three-base hit— Mc-
Cre«dle. Two-base hit — Mohler. - Sacrifice hits
— Mohler, Shujrart, McHale, Lawler. First base
on -errors — 8an Francisco 1, Oakland 3. First
base on called balls — Off Schmidt 4. off Mere
dith 2. Le,ft on bases — San Francisco 7. Oak
land e. Struck out— By Meredith 3. toy Schmidt
,4. • Hit by ; pitcher — Holly. Bone. Nordyke
Double- plays — Leahy .-to Bone: Mohler to
Franck* to Strelb. Passed ball — Leahy. Time
6f game— 1:35. -Umpire — CConnell. Official
scorer — Harry Cashman. .
LOS, ANGELES .WINS EASILY.
Sacramento Players Fail to Solve
'.-.': Pi tcher Jones' Curves.
-LOS ANGELES. April 17.— Los Angeles
won from-; Sacramento to-day In far
easier style than the score would -indl-
¦ : ;Tt±K ; ' SAJN:;; .; 1J\K AJN iJiauO ,,. ; <JAL,Ii, FH1DAX, APBIL 18, .1902.
THEOALL'S RACING. FORM OH AiRT
OA3H^ANp J^ACET'RACK— Thursday. April 17.— Weather fine. Track fast.
IW1I. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds ; W to*"flrstr>325!~'r ~~ .'• "~
Index Horse and' Weight. St. K. 14. Str. Fin. " Owner and Jockey. <&! tUl a.
Halmetta. .. 107 3 1 JH 1 2«4 1 1 Hi W. H. Ketcheman..Daly "' i~ 3
S?m r ClaUS 1117 .6 2.7 »4 2h'2«i Lewis '& Co... McCarthy 8 12
r^ 1 P» w ««>n 1"» * 3a 2 1 3 »4 3 2 W. B. Sink Jr..Wln?lette * 10 20
SSM Maraschino -.119 10 11 6 2 5 1 4 »4 J. C. Humphrey .See < 3 " 5
=™» M«In Bell 107 11 7 *4 3 h 4 h ft 14 Chlnn * Forsythe.Donly 6 4
??2S asan ° -••-•--. -.«» 2 8H51C1 6 2 Piedmont Stable. Bozemn 4 8
Knocking 117 1 2 H 4 h 8 2 7 1 Earl & Co.. v.. 7... Prior 10 20
H£ £* ldo 109 6 41 81 91 8*4 B. Schreiber ....Troxler 8 5"
if* Claudator 1C9 9 10 8 4 10 1 0 3 Elmwood Farm.-.Vickery ' 10 20
3576 Pirate Maid 117 8 S n 10 4 ' 7 S 10 2 C. W. Chappell.Waterbty 20 30
Geo.. Whitney ...112 12 12 12 11 11 , F. Phillips.... J. Sheehan 30 60
3M6|Sol- 1Q9| 5 9 1 U 12 12 |P. C. Donaleche. ...Hoar 6 9
T: 7?- £ ~_>-*r :2 .*t* : * i -. :5O i % - 1 :16: % - 1:29 - Good Etart. "Won first three driving. , Winner.
«-'H. Ketcheman s ch. f. by Halma-El Dorado. Daly outflnlshed McCarthy on Sir Claus
See on Maraschino moved up by degrees. He was three degrees late. Vasallo apparently
_caul<^ not his load. Dawson had speed. . . . .7^7
3012. SECOXD RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; to first. $325. .:
Index IHorse. Age, Weight. 1 St. • #.' -'¦. «j. Str. " Fin. . Owner" 'and Jockey.- ol^cY.'-' ¦
?37» jMa^spina. 3 ....lO&Ur 7,H; ftl - 3^1 ns '• tMallowmot Fanni.Donly \ $r t fr H-I0
3130 Quix II. 4..;...;-.lJrf ,5 ' 1-2 .1 » 11 12 J. M. Crane, Troxler 7^' *6
iBen Magln. 4.^.1igj.7 3 % 3,1.. 2 n 3 n E> A^ ChappeUAVaterbry : 40 ."1CI>
... Fausturo.« *..... 11« 1} 2 n } _?_ ¦ 4 H 4 1 i D.i Ml jHanlonL f.Conley • vUis'i *k'
r.581 Katu Walcott.5..114! Z I 6 1 ¦; 4 h J 6 h 8 2 \ E.i Kftu&nan.-.lIVlnslette \;S? ' 8
.->5fi3 Headstrong. 3 "...103!il "12 11 • 7 1 « n ' A.'" B Spreckels.:t, Dalv "40 60
SXlH jTiburon, a ...... 116llO 4 14 5 14 5 1 7 1 Egbert & Co. . .Gulteres 8 20
ST<4r. \Bczu Monde, "a. '..119! 8".8h E 14 92^ 8 n W McGutre A. ' Kelly 10 10;
ST,ftt !B. F. Mason. 5. 1161 9 »3 7 % 8 H »2 ¦ P.' O. Lynch. . . .Spargur 50 101
:«S1 lEvea G. 3 ....... 103112 11 10 10 1 <10.1 J. Coffey .Butler 10 "o
::S5(i IRose of HIlo. 4..114! 6 10 8h Jl 11* George Webb.... Frawley 8 20 :
SC09 iMIke Straus?. B..116I 2 S-'j « ... ... W. E. Cotton .,..._. Hoar S 9
Time— U. :25li; Vt. :50; %. 1:15*4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner Mallow -
raot Stock Farm's br. f. by Brutas-Mlowera. If Troxler on Quiz had not been so busy look-
Ing backward, his mount would have won. Malaspina came from far back. Fausturo will '
•win soon if his underpinning stands the racket.^ _Too much weight on Tlburon: »Bled.
3GI3. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; ' two-y par-olds ; to first, $325.
indexlHcrse and Weight. St. %. *;. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? "ci.
<:C58)|Al8ono 1081 4 ... 11 11 14 Burns & Watrhs.Troxler 2'-5 9-20
:iS94 ! Lizzie Rice K«| 2 ... 2 3 2 5 2 8 W.J.. Stanfleld. . ..Hoar 5 4
3410 iGaviota 10S! 8 ... <j n- 5h 3n A. B. Spreckels. .L Dalv 8 10
:'.<vx) |J. H. Bennett.... 10CJ 1 ... 4H 31 4% L. A. Blasingame.Vickry 15 25
S4TJ IPhyx 10fi 3 ... 7 1 6 1 5% John Kane Prior 100 200
...'. IDlarner.te 107 6 ... 3 1 4 h 6 2 Baldwin & Co..Bozeman 10. 25
... . iXervator ,106 7 ... ¦ 8 10 S 10 7 10 Elmwood Farm Butler CO 100
!L»vant 106 5 ... 5 1. 7 6 8 20 |F: W.- Grosshelm. . . .See ~ 40 100
| Walter H 106 » ... 9 fl , » )WlIIiam Abbott ¦ Webster 10(> 200
Time — !4J :24; :47«i. Poor start. Won "as'.ly. Second and third driving Winner
Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g. by Altamax- Soncmis. Aleono goX a running fhoot at the bar
rier. Lizzie Rice showed more speed than usual. Gaviota almost left.- Bennett fooled the
''^°J*P' a yfg!^^f_^^ Horatius 106.
3U14. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index IHorse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op!", "c l'.
3588 iPrestano. 3 102 3 61 In In I h J. Conway... Hoar 5-2 16-5
<S59S)!L. of Lanrdon. 3.. 106 7 In 2 h . 2 1 . 2 14 C. Llnd Troxler 7-10 9-10
<30R3)iThe Hoodoo. 4... Ill 5 6 2 C2 3h 3 1 T. H. Ryan. Vlckery 10 8
3426 'Four Play, 5 114 1 2 % 4 n 4 14 4 n Bowley & Co ..Prior ' 20 12
3«01 iMaresa. 4. ...... .1171 4 3h 3 14 5 h 5'% J. H. Dolan .....See 7 12
XfflS jBen Ledl. 6 ,.1141 2 4 >4 6 h 6 1 »J 4 G. W. Scott Frawley 20
3503 IFlamero. 6 116 fl. 8 8 7 174 D. Cameron. .: ....Conley 20 30
3544 jParslfal. 4... 116 8 71 7 1 8 H J. D. Fitzgerald. .Boiemn 20 40
Time — Vt. :24^4 : »4. :*9V4; %. 1:15. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, J. Con
ways ch. g. by Prestonpans- Katie Fletcher. Prestano ridden the shortest route. The
Hoodoo moved up veil near Uie close. Foul Play quit. So did Maresa. Scratched— Fine
Shot 116. Merops 116. Discovery 105 Xellle Forest 111. • " \:;-.'
3G1S. FIFTH RACE — 1% miles; Fleur de Us Handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, f 400.
Irdex Horse, Age. Weight. St. .U. .*$:. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. . Op? "ci.
aS59)!Eonic. 4.... ......100 1 1 »J 1 1»4 1 1% l 2% {Caesar Young.. Donnelly ' ' 1 11-10
JC87 iRio Shannon. 5.. 8* 3. .3 2^ 3 % .3 ii,.JH J. CoffAy. ..;..J. Sheehan 7 , 12
8554 I Frangible. 5...... 08 2 2 2H 2 % 2 <!'» .3 % - F., D.- Boas. .. '..;•; Knap* r 8 11-2 •
CW»l)!PoFltion, B .......11214 4 1% 4 % 4 2 44- p.' s/ Fountain. .Troxler 2' H'-l >
3535 ILa Borgia, S....'.. 80] 5 - 5- ¦ -5 '55 , lEfmWood Farm.:. .Butler ' ' 40 ¦'- 200
TSra»— %. :24«4; >4: :49% : %: t :15ii : mile. 1:41 >/.; l%m. 1:5371 . Good siart. Won easilyi '¦
Second and third driving. Winner. . Caesar Young's ch,,m. by , Eon-Mermaid. - Winner-best
Rio Shannon, well -ridden, ran an improved race.- Position quit In '. the stretch.' ,
3^U<tr^TxT^r^A^E^O^e^i^e; > wlMng^
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. .,%., Str. -^Fln.^ j OinrnerTand Jockey. Op?" "c\.
3588 ILimelight, 6 110 3 2 1»4 2 1 14 1 % ' i i\£~ Ma'grarie^* Co'.'. Frawley" ~5 7^2 • ''
358» Tlrona. 5 107 8 84 .8 2 4 h. 21 Partington Bros..Vickery 30 W'"
3&C2 Diomed. 5 113 4 «44v3h. 2^ 3 % -Brown & Co Troxler S-5 liV >
3.VW (Horton. 6 113 5 $~~\9 « T 4 »4 <3S: McGovern L.Daly 8-5 !ra
?SS»7)!Fran'k Woods, 6.. 107 9 7?- 6 »4 * 3 h\\i 8 City Stable. ,See 5 W -
3597 Gawalne, 4 1OG ,> 1 ?, '1 1 ; 7 1 - -« f a4 MV.iE. Cotton Hoar 6 llO I
3586 Windward. 6 110 «2 t jh 4 t, . 5 h i.- ,7 V^^«nnessy & Co Feary 15 7 i* -
.".515 Ned Dennis. 5. ...107 .6 ;¦&-%,.•: 7 -%/; 8 1 - {KM '.TpiedTnant Stable. Bozemn 40 IOO
3:.iHi I First Shot. 5....: 113 7',q'*4.;S n 9 *' » )<MP-'Moof'e & Co....Conley 15 " -20
Time— Vt. :25Vi : W, :50; '%¦; 1:15^:-' BilleM:4iy 4 . .Gootl'start. ; Wen first "three drlvTiiK"
dinner. W. p. Magrane & Co:'s4j. g. "by QulckUme-Soubrette 11.^, Limelight 4ieavlly nUvaS
Tizona improved perceptibly.- Dlom»d has run faster.- ' If v paly 'on Horton had waited a r
while longer the grand stand would have been vacated:^ First Shot did not hit the tariret -
Scratched—Quadra tat. Billy Moore 107. Flourish^ 03? - ;?-- ; '; '-. ; me largej. ,
4
i You know our. reputation for- giving, the best clothinjr -values in- I
I : San Francisco. Do; you know that we "sell hats on apar^withcloth- ' 1
¦ ing as far as value goes? We don't make the hats as -we,, do- the I
| clothes, but we buy them direct from 'the' makers "and sell at' so' B
¦ .close a marsin that the profit would not insure the continuance .of 1
I an exclusive store. .' w
- 1 • i We have irood hats at $1.95 in Derbys, Fedoras. Dunlao Crush- !
J ers, Graecos and Pantourists in all colors. They are rejnilar $2.50 !
I This weekwe are closing out a lot of odds and ends at we They [I
¦ are Derbys.m cedar and brown only (no black), and Fedoras and I
1 Graecos in pearl, brown, and cedar; hats sold for $1.23; and $1.30; H
¦ they are odds and ends— broken in sizes and colors for 50 c , yTUCSON, "Ariz., -April 17.— The case of
former. Collector of Customs Hoey went
to the jury this afternoon. Its ver
dict was not guilty on the first ballot.
The courthouse was crowded during the
trial and when the verdict was announced
there was quite a demonstration. Peo
ple climbed over the railing to congratu
late Hoey. - - • . -. . ••¦¦« ,'. --. . —
Former Collector Declared Innocent.
PASADENA, April 17. T The Southern
California State Sunday-school Conven T
tlcfti, which . has-been, in •• session',- in. the
First Methodist Episcopal. Church- of this
city for three days, closed to-night.
Three hundred and "sixty-five delegates
were In attendance."..' | The '.. 'officers . . were
elected to-day as follows: President, the
Rev. George W. White of. Pomona; vice
president, J. H. Fisk of Redlands; secre
tary, Professor C..M. Miller of Los An
geles; treasurer, W. F. Collonder of -Los
Angeles; chairman of the executive com
mittee, O. H. Parsons of Pasadena.
Sunday-School Convention Closes.
SAN JOSE, April 17.— C. R. Hathaway,
a delegate from Vallejo to the Repub
lican convention, had a thrilling experi
ence with two highwaymen In Alum Rock
Park, the city reservation seven ' miles
east of this city. ' .
During his stay he stole away from the
bustle of the convention to see the sights.
While walking along a secluded path in
the canyon two men stepped In front of
v hlm ,and at the point of a revolver com
pelled him to put up his j hands. -. One of
the men went through his pockets and
took $25. Hathaway was then commanded
to move one. He came to this city and
reported the ¦ robbery. . The police Ikept
it a secret until to-day, in the hope . of
capturing the robbers.
tion Sees Sights, Mostly Those
of Pistols.- ( "'
Vallejo Delegate toTSan Jobo ConTen-
THE BUSTLE; ;,-'
BUT LOSES , HIS MOITBY
The rock is a low-grade quartz and will
assay J3 or $4 a ton. The next thing In
order will be to make gutters of cq£per
ore, which Is abundant. - ''.¦
This morning Charles W. Pope ; and J.
H. Blngham were ¦ lnspectlhg j the . quality
of rock and granite \ handy, that* can ; be
used for street Improvements. ! Blngham
Is here from 'San Francisco with' a view
to bidding on street work. . While .look-
Ing over the country /adjoining the old
Dakin place on the hill in '; West Redding'
they uncovered a ledge of ." quartz. The
specimens carried traces of gold.- ¦ \
Blngham states, that , this is excellent
material for street 'work and when he
succeeds in getting contracts for the im
provements his firm will -place a. rock
crusher on this quartz ledge,, crush, up
the quartz and. spread it on the thorough
fares. .-' ' '•';¦;•;¦;. ¦ ¦' '• '«'
KEDDING, April 17.— Redding* s streets
may i be paved with gold: That * sounds
somewhat extravagant, yet in a measure
it not only a possibility, but a very, lumin
ous probability. ;¦- J : ¦:-"¦;;: ¦¦¦:'_ . 'r, •¦_ _¦..
Special Dispatch to Tlje Call.
Contractors. Propose to Use
Quartz on the Thorough-
Redding Citizens May
Tread Upon Aurifer
ous Orb.
GOLD TO PAVE
SHRSTA STREETS
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 17.— A spe
cial from Ottawa says: The Government
announced to-day 'that Police Magistrate
Macaulay of Dawson had been appointed
third Judge of the Yukon territory, three
judges to form, a court of appeals for
the bearing of mining cases. Governor
J. H. Boss of the Yukon, In an interview
to-day, said that tbfe modifications, in the
terms of the Treadgold concessions ' were
quite satisfactory to the Yukon dele
gates, who -had gone to Ottawa to pro
-teist .agalnet. tho Government's arrange
ments. .
Third Judge for the Yukon.
•" Main chQrus — O. H. : Clarke, J.' E. . Cline B.'
R. Cocks. C. \ E. Ellis, E. ¦: C. Eppley. . E. • I.
Priselle,* 1 a." P.' Friselle, ¦ H. Gay. E. , O.- James,
O Kehrleln.iH. R. Moclcridge, H. L:\ Morrison,
,B" • P. ; Oakford.- A. Perrin. H. ¦ M. Shipley. W.-
J. I Stack. -. E. Talbotr. R. '¦ K. . \«arfleld. . >
'•• t. Supplementary ' chorus — Profefcor Frank : An
gell. Dr. O. B. Uttle, E. L. ArMerson. H.,H.
Atkinson." C. . H. Baker, B. . M. Breeden, 1 C , E.
Burton.. H. E.'- Bush.' O.-H.t Clark. O." H.- Clark,
T.' "Ai " Cutting/ Q.VT.: Dryer. \L. C." Hawley." *W.
R.- Hogan,'T,<0. -Hosmer, G.* B.' JefTers, -E.' A.
Jones, : G. ¦ P.h Jones J. s Josephson, J. ¦ S. i King,
, A. 1 J. i KlamC-.T.^ McCaughern, ' J. T. McManla,
B. ¦', NourFe,' M. f Oppenheim, Rr N. Park," W. • D.
Pntterson,jrJ. G.'. Perkins. . R; L.-^ Pleak.V N. - C.
Powers,"? E.- pj.'i Rea.- F. - . L. 1 : Talbert; ' J. 1 C.~ Tay
lor,' F:; B. '. Tucker. i E. Wakeman.'r H. , VLXVeihe,
F. P. .Whltakcr, W. F.'.Whltaker.
¦ : - 'Antigone,' Miss : Eunice Cooksey ; Iamene, ¦ her
sister. Miss E. Crandall; Creon," the Klng.'Pro
fesror.- A. r-T. ; Murray; guard. J.'K.- Bonnell;
Haemon, son 'of -Creon, " R. V. Reppicki'Tlreslas.s
a seer. Professor. S. S.i Seward Jr.; messenger,
K. Reese; Eurydice. the Queen; Mrs.'. J.-; P.
Hall ; ¦- second •'¦ messenger, '. C. .' AV. . Thomas • Jr. ;
attendants to the Quean, Miss I. Richards. MUs
O. M. Smith; attendants to the King,- R.' Bryan,
R.'A; Hamilton; extra attendants. H.' A. Mo
ran." J. , J. 4 Ryan. T. <-McCaughern," J.'.S.i King;
boy . attending : TIreslas. Robert , L. Murray;
Corypheus, ; of the - chorus, ; Professor . H.- R.
Falrclough. ',••..¦-" : ' . , - •
•-,The entire cast for the Greek trabedy is
as follows:. . ' -.. ;-¦•¦>
Cast of the Play.
':-A CHICO, April. 17.— The Sacramento Dis
trict Presbytery, convened In this city this
morning. ' At a = preliminary . meeting the
Rev.. Mr. Weller, delivered a discourse on
the needs of,' the church. During his ad
dress the. speaker created. a sensation by
announcing himself favorable to Chinese
immigration. . The ¦; day ; was ¦ occupied In
devotional ¦• exercises and ¦ discussions. : •
sity- cast a* several - Southern j California
towns. : . " - .
Presbytery Meets ; at ; Chico.
WILLIAMS, Arts., April 17.— In an of
ficial interview to-day "with City Marshal
James Kennedy,. Mrs. Bert,Ward,"former
ly-Estella Baker, the girl- friend of Nora
Fuller,' reiterated j her statement . made ! to
The? Call- correspondent- In answering
Chief Wittman's questions.' She says she
cannot be mistaken about Bennett's de
scription and that the police may safely
accept it as accurate In every particular.
Sure of Bennett's Description.
Thursday morning Bird was found In
eensible In his room. He had swallowed
half the contents of a bottle he believed
to contain carbolic acid. Dr. Hammond
was summoned, and he set to work with
medicines and stomach . pump. Slowly
Bird came back to consciousness. • Tho
bottle was examined, and It was found
that Instead of carbolic acid. Bird has
seized a bottle left by a sheep raiser,
containing sheep dip.
* My poor little dead dog cannot come to
me, but I can go to him, and I will do
It. You shall see."
After the burial Bird came to Redding
and drowned the poignancy of his grief
in a epree. Upon sobering up he returned
to Sallee. Wednesday afternoon he
walked into a Delamar store, talked to
the merchant of the loss of his dog and
said:
REDDING. April 17.— Because the dog
for which- he bore an unusual affection
bad died, Louis Bird, an English remit
tance man, who has high connections in
lx>ndon and a remittance of $100 per
month, drank what he thought was car
bolic acid at Sallee this morning, and was
saved from death only by the prompt
work of a physician.
Bird and his dog arrived In Sallee a
year ago. The Englishman, who ap
peared educated and intelligent, became
a clerk, though his remittances relieved
him from the necessity of work unless
he chose to do it. ' Some time ago lie lost
his position. v U-'V2 -
Bird lived at the Miners', Hotel, and for
a time acted as clerk there. His dog was
always with him. In fact. Jumbo's mas
ter seemed to care vastly more for his
companionship than that of others. Two
weeks ago Bird suffered what was to him
a. crushing blow. Jumbo took sick and
died.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Englishman Attempts to
Commit Suicide in
Shasta.
The. old- • seer, .Tlresias,< warns the
king of . divine vengeance if the sen
tence is carried out, but ' his warnings are
spurned. . The' king, however, is : touched
by the' prophecies and starts. for the, cave
repentantly* When he reaches it he finds
Antigone dead' by.' her own hand..-Hae
mon, t his son, also commits suicde 1 before
his j eyes." A messenger brings the news of
the double .death ;to; Queen Eurydice, and
she in; anguish takes; her own' life.'; 1 Kin.g
C'reon returns » to 7 the ; palace N,wlth " •" Hae
mon's ! lifeless body/ and. the 'curtain falls
after Creon's heartbroken lamentations. •
Professor Murray, as:KingCreon,' could
not >have been improved upon, his
dering of the Greek, being given -with
deep feeling. "; This. was true also. of Pro
fessor H. :R. Falrclough,. Professor .-S.* S.;
Se ward - and the other: leading cha racters
of the ? drama. '-• J.i K." i Bonnell" ¦ 1902, \ dis
played 5 unusual histrionic ability in.;- his
characterization ".' of ' the royal guard,' his
efforts ': receiving . merited applause.- The
characters of Haemon , and the two . mes
sengers were well rendered by R. V. Rep
pick,-, 1902; Kelly Reese, 1902,- ;and; C. W.
Thomas, s 1903, * all ¦ of whom - are ¦•. students
of .* classics.:'; Mrs.- Hall, wife of, Professor
'J.I P. '. Hall ' of the law I department, 1 ? played
the part of Eurydlce in a regal manner.^
; The 7. second -¦ performance ,-¦ of: Antigone'
will i occur? at*- 11 < o'clock r - Saturday ?morn
. Ing, • and ; the £ following ¦« week : the v great
drama' will*. be ¦¦ presented i by -the univer-
Tragedy and Lamentation.
A Mendelssohn overture, rendered beau
tifully by the : \ university - orchestra- of
thirty pieces, preceded the play. in.. which
Antigone and Ismene, her sister, are the
first to appear. -. The former reminds the
latter of the royal edict that one of their
two 1 brothers, who had fallen I in - battle,
should remain unburied,:..which- would de
prive his spirit of peace and happiness in
the after life. Ismene, although pleaded
with by "Antigone, , refuses to be ¦ a party
to her sister's plot to defy the, king and
bury. the brother, bo Antigone leaves to
do the act alone, and Ismene -returns to
the palace." " "..
The acting of the parts of .the sisters
by Miss Cooksey' and Miss Crandall dur
ing - this scene . was full of .* feeling, even
to ' those .who - did not understand the
Greek. AV guard y brings *news ¦• of ¦ J the
burial of the slain' brother, and later\ An
tigone Is brought before -King Creoi\ as
the culprit and pleads guilty. Ismene at
tempts to share the blame, but is, ignored
by her • sister, who Is sentenced to con
finement in. a cave. . Haemon, the. king's
son, and the-' betrothed 'of -Antigone,
pleads vainly with his father to save An
tigone . from such ? cruel punishment, but
the klng/"emains firm. •: ; \ • . ._•
Enter Fair; Antigone.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 17.—
A complete dramatic success in to-night's
presentation of Sophocles' Greek tragedy,
"Antigone," crowned the efforts of. the
students and the professors who have
been" engaged during the pasts: four
months in its preparation. Superb 'music,
fitting scenery and careful costuming
added to the perfect presentation of the
tragedy," and the large " audience •' which
packed the assembly, hall showed \ their
appreciation by repeated applause. '¦
The stage setting, thoroughly Grecian
in style, represented .a space immediately
In front : of the king's palace. On the
.right were the entrances from the city, of
Thebes and on • the left the wings repre
sented a forest adjoining the royal dwell
ing.' At the back of the stage were rep
resented "two immense Grecian doors,
which allowed the ingress of the royal
personages to the scene of the play. As
in all 1 Grecian plays, the scene ln;"Anti
gone" is never changed, and the curtain
does not fall from - the time of the first
appearance of Antigone until the ' final
chorus by Theban elders. To-night's pres
entation was dignified' and without a de
lay of any kind, yet over two hours were,
consumed injhe performance. " ; .
•,In a petition filed to-day, William Hol
lenbeck, Mabel Gordon and Louise Krah
enberg charged him with misappropriating
$6511 from the estate. Peers has been ad
ministrator of the ¦ estate . since 1881. ; At
that time trie 'estate was; appraised - at
$30,000. The legatees allege that only two
accounts with the estate have been filed
since that time, one. in 1888 and - another
in 1894, until several .days ago, when the
third, account was ' presented to the court.
This showed that the estate had shrunk
to $9Q78, a notable decrease from the first
valuation. • . •
The heirs accuse the executor of mak
ing fraudulent -and i- improper charges
against the estate, and also of continually
juggling the accounts, and claim* that he
has run the esate to his own interests
rather, than to the interests of the heirs.
They further -claim 1 that thousands of
dollars have been taken from, the estate
through ¦ improper charges by, the execu
tor.-.; . . ¦ -¦• •• • . ¦ -,-. ¦ -¦¦,;¦.-.¦ .. . ¦. ,
. .The Probate Court is asked to open up
the: accounts .filed in 1888 and in. 1894, and
that ¦¦ an investigation- into the transac
tions of the executor -be 'made.' .
SAN JOSE, April 17.— Some sensational
charges' have been made against Alex
Peers, a prominent resident of this coun
ty,; in his administration^, of the estate of
Narcissa B. Hollenbeck. deceased, by the
heirs of the estate.
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
Stanford Players 'Score
a Triumph in Greek
Tragedy.
Charges Made Against
a Prominent Santa
Clara Man.
ANTIGONE WINS
WARM PLAUDITS
HEROES STRIDE
TO SAVE A LIFE
Men Hold Companion's
Severed Vein on Long
Journey.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
TUOLUMNE. April 17.— While sawinjr a
log in the woods, nearly a score of miles
from this place, H. Harvey, a former
resident of Rushville, ¦ Iowa, received a
fatal injury yesterday. A fellow work
man was driving a steel wedge, when a
splinter of metal broke from It and sev
ered Harvey's Jugular vein.
The Injured man would have bled to
death in a few minutes, but his com
panion, with heroic solicitude, seized one
end of the divided vein, and pressing the
edges tightly between finger and thumb,
prevented a further escape of blood.
The place .where the accident occurred
was far out In the woods and medical at
tendance was not to be obtained at any
place nearer than Tuolumne. The men
Immediately resolved to attempt the long
Journey, and accompanied by another la
borer, they started. Harvey's comrade
walked at his side, hold firmly the sev
ered vein, while the third man supported
the injured sawyer. •
When the party had traversed a few
miles blood began to * flow from the
vein, for the hands of the man who held
it had becomexiumb under tha . strain.
Then the\ laborer who had helped Har
vey along undertook to stay the flow. By
alternating in this severe task every mile
or two, Harvey's friends managed to
bring him here. An operation was imme
diately performed, but It was too' late.
Harvey died soon after his arrival.
ENGINEER HURT
IN EXPLOSION
Hiram Pope Is Fatally
Burned at Point
Richmond.
, POINT RICHMOND, April 17.— By th»
explosion of an oil burner at 10:30 o'clock
to-night at the Santa Fe pumping sta
tion Hiram Pope, the engineer, was blown
out of the flreroom and fatally burned.
The pumping plant was damaged to the
extent of $5000.
Shortly before the accident Pope had
gene out of the engine room to throw a
switch for a train. He returned to at
tend to the fire. When the explosion oc
curred he was standing directly in front
of the boilers. It is supposed that during
Pope's absence the flame was accidentally
extinguished, that gas accumulated In the
furnace and was- exploded when the en
gineer again ignited the oil.
The names' attracted John Bayliss and
R. Chevosich, railroad workmen, who, at
considerable . peril to themselves, went
into the pump house and dragged Pope
out,' his clothing all ablaze. He was
terribly burned about the body.
Such temporary relief as was at hand
was given the injured man and he was
taken on a special tugboat to the Rail
road Hospital at San Francisco. Pope is
about CO years of age. His family resides
at Emeryville. >;¦ -v : '
Company I/eaves a Combination.
• TACOMA, April 17.— It has been I an
nounced that 'the North American,Trad
ing and Transportation Company has for
mally withdrawn from the Northern Com
mercial combination , under which - It was
governed last year. This report was
given out by R, B. Snowden, secretary of
the company, who has Just returned from
Chicago. , . -- .. . "...-.•
HEIRS UNITE
IN ACCUSATION
been examining chaplsJH; of both dioceses.
He has been dean of Sc«ithern California,
and is now arch deacon of San Diego
County. He has been a delegate on four
occasions to the triennial general conven
tion of the Episcopal church. He has
been a member of the standing committee
since the organization of the diocese. He
is the author of two books published by
Thomas "Whittaker of New -York; one Is
entitled "Lay Readers," and. the other
"The Love of God." Four times his name
has been considered in relation to tho
honor which is now conferred. He was
told that he might be chosen a Bishop at
this gathering, but expected to be sent
to Western Kansas. The Honolulu ap
pointment is, however, more to his liking,
and he will doubtless accept. He would
like to be consecrated Bishop oni the
twentieth anniversary of his ordination as
priest. «• . . - • .j- ...
TRIES TO JOIN
DOG IN DEATH
-— IXCINXATI. Ohio. April 17.— The
/J^ Kplscopal House of Bishops to
ft day selected the following Blsh-
V °P s: " -
Salinau, "Western Kansas, Na
thaniel SejTnour Thomas, rector of the
Church of Holy Apostles. Philadelphia,
and son of the late Bfshop of Kansas.
Honolulu, Henry B. Restarick. rector of
St. Paul's Church, San Diego, CaL
Porto Rico, James H. Van Buren. for
merly of Lyon, Mass.. and later of San
Juan.
The new Bishops cannot be consecrated
for two or three months.
A resolution was adopted^ commending
to the people of the missionary jurisdic
tion of the Episcopal church to take ac
tion in assuming nt least part of the sup
port of their Bishops. - ... _":„'
While as manv Bishops as possible will
attend the eyno'd of the Old Catholics at
Bonn, Germany, next August, Bishop Pot
ter of New York was designated to ex
tend the greetings of the Episcopalians of
'^SAn'dIEGO. April 17.-Rev. H. B Res
tarick rector of St. Paul's parish, and
dean of San Diego County, who was se
lected to-day to be Bishop of Honolulu
with jurisdiction over the Hawaiian islands,
is well known here. The islands have but
recently come under the Jurisdiction of
the American Episcopal church, and It
was known that a Bishop would be elect
ed at this session of the House of Bishops.
Bishop William Ford Nichols of San
Francisco is now In Honolulu with direc
tion to remain in charge until the arrival
of the new appointee. He was given this
direction immediately after the English
Episcopal church gave up its jurisdiction
of the islands.
Rev. Mr. Restarick has been here for
twenty years, having come here Immedi
ately on being ordained a priest, which
ceremony took place at Davenport, Iowa
in June, 1882, when 'he was 27 years of
age. The Rev. ,H. B. Restarick has been
honored In the \pld diocese of California
and in the new one of Los Angeles by
being appointed to many offices. He has
REV. HEXRY B. RESTARICK. RECTOR OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, IN
SAN DIEGO, WHO HAS BEEN SELECTED BY THE EPISCOPAL
HOUSE OF BISHOPS AS BISHOP OF HONOLULU.
THE SAN, FB ANCISCO !* CALL v ; FRIDAT^ /APRIL, . 1 8, 1 902.
Leaders of the Episcopal Church Choose Rev.
Henry B* Restarick for Island Mission.
NOTED SAN DIEGO RECTOR
IS BISHOP OF HONOLULU
5
HaHBBHBHHHBBaflaBBHHHBHHBBHaHnnanEnHiinBBaBanaa
a HII >* ctQ4^ ; q 2
S FOR FRIDAY and SATURDAY \
a ' :¦: ¦ - : ,::. > - ? ¦ ¦ ;¦¦ . ¦ -¦• ¦ ¦ \ ¦ ¦¦ ¦
J 60-Inch MOIRE COATS, $26.00 quality, at $12.50, made g
S withdetachabale; capes, Kimo sleeves and deep flounce. Jj
¦ :j;\Ve haye:thebcelebrated BLACK WORUMBO CLOTH ¦
es TAILOR - : MADE ..SUITS; , to -introduce our- o
B selves ; we have. priced. them at $30.00. a
S NEW -STYLE SILK ETONS;in Taffeta,- Mbire and Peau n
§ de-Sbie/ some elaborately trimmed, at $5.00, $7.50, °
¦ $9;00; $1&0p/$12.b0. §
a New and Exclusive; Novelties in GIBSON and BLOUSE g
H TAILOR SUITS -in Military Blues; Grays, Tans,' a
g .Browns and Blacks. $25.00 to $75.00. |
BBslBslBBBBBaBBBBBBilklBIIDaB&aSIBBBIIBlSaBBBBBBBQBBS
. 8aa Frandseo, Frtday v )3 AprU, 19M.
. For library or reception room you could riot make ;
a wiser selection than the above pictured table. Its
massive construction and severe plainness j together
with elegance of finish) characterize it as .the .-" real
r thing " in new table creations. , . ; )
Built of solid oak pieces (no veneering.) /Two
colors to choose from— golden brown and-^the": new
" weathered ' y finish. Measures 53 inches long, 32
inches wide and 31 inches" high. Price of golden
oak, either polish or " dead " finish, and weathered
oak, $36.00. Also two larger sizes in weathered oak
at $40.00 and $50.00. * }
For bachelors apartments— a window; full of hints
(4 are on display to-day. Unique buffets with compart-
ments for decanters^ glasses, bottles, pipes, etc.;
-smoking tables in "weathered " oak with mottoes of
Bohemia carved on the tops; hanging diminutiye
\ liquor casks and pipe racks; imitation telephones with
> f interior, fitted for liquors. ; And many other odd cfea-
¦ tions for the bachelor's comfort too "numerous to men-
. tion. See them in the window. ;
(Successors 1 to California Furniture Co.). ¦ i " >
957 to 9 7 7- Market Street j Opp. Golden Gate j; Avenue, j
y THE ; ; f/ | - THE'EMPOEIUM." ; | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
ij '¦:•>;•¦:¦•'¦••;¦.-¦:/¦. .¦;.-: ; -.¦<* ¦;¦¦{¦ ¦.: :. ' .-•¦:.¦. .V .w > •¦-...¦ '/ *;./ " ; - "¦"' v V *'•¦¦ '.•*¦.•'.;.•"-*. .-¦". .-" * :^'-. . ; ¦ /> ¦'¦¦-. " *. . _"'¦'*
g -7 KOn Saturday night only, *™v5^^ N- A I On the Sates tab r os Sat- j5
If; from 7 until 10:30, we shall s-11 Men's ' ,' , : SfJ " JLS lf^W$Ss^% Ufday you wDl find offering* of Rib- '*
If-.--- $3 00 all-wool Pants, at 3^»6S; Men's VTT>y% y^ ' J a~ja''^s'-Jja±'^^ : JL''Bf-&i»^ar]0r^ bo»s, - Notions, House Furnishbgs, Wash 9
J 7S c Working Shirts 1 at 47 C; Men's .rf/^/j/ I^9#m/ W^l//i^ S ' lk '' Mcn>s . S . h!r:s ' Kcs2e^» Unds^« r . 5
$ .•-'"• v •.•¦.-¦-¦ : '- — — L — — T— — --¦¦ ,'-} 'CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST? jS. m ,l!Uf mm * im . r ¦; — $
S E9 J%i!' o % Ohaa8 .*' store Anoiher Popular %
£' and Oihoi* Groceries* ¦ t **3&£jsjgg&ss& = ~~ AMLRigA b granoest^ore. *~ •*
g ec5tR 2 nchE.^s-Friday,d 0 ,en.. . 17ii r * ¦ ¦ -•¦- '¦-.¦¦¦-••'••' '¦ ' ** ' ' ' - - V - -'•' .' " _ BUtterCUP Said j»
$ Fancy Carolina Rice — Friday,' 7 lbs.^ . BOo *~~ . ¦-_ .-~ ¦ ¦ -* ••- ¦****-'¦' '¦ *% Zr *%t-~ " " - moTZ0^ (Satnrdiy) aooo Its. of the de- j{
tl Worcestershire Saucj-J-L. it P., Friday, bot- ' BiilB (UtWl *Lrl§$«irS W FQr 2?JCa Kdoui Buttercups, made in our own ficrory, Jf
K'. tie .•.:....'•:..'."... . . . . \'2iid '¦'¦'¦'¦'¦¦' '§4»mim a» B m*%i* 'f^Bmm-bvmmt /I' ~4**mm ( 9SX*» 10 flaTors, the kind usually sdd in' exdusiTe -2
J K lng«n» Deviled H«m-Friday, 3 tins. ./oS UamSS--- jUGK : UigarSrr-?- tOr, 4OGm . . , candy store, at 50c per V, that we seU
5 v Cream^ -Chetse— Best California,- Friday, ; a Friday and SaturdaVOmy — by 1 he bOX at Same price. regularly at 45c, Saturday while '€gS^% *
1 .;..;';'.: .... ". ;: . : ¦.//.¦¦.-.-. 25O Q ' '* ' ' ' " ' " ' '"" ' ' ' ' : .q quantity last! ....'... M%mC «J
!••¦———— ; — : — — ¦- • • ' • • - ¦ : — ; ; ; : " 5
8 v \ . ¦- : - :".¦ . ¦ #v 1 The Great Towel Sale. |
£ ¦ Qdd andBf^k^fl I at^iS^ll^Cintm nO Hundred% ordc^ns of Huck ami Turkish Towels on the salesiables, in *
tf yV**^f^^^^^Y^^^^OA^^^UUlV^ m3in aisl?.; all zood.reliable. first-class makes, and > iced so tow that *
K : Ff flrofchitllfe' H 4 r%^l ,StK^rw> 4a. - hotels as weU as frfo*** hom^ could lay in a supply for future use to 3«
£ lUI ittWlliil^lliljLpanO : good advantage. . . ; /, x
j?: . " ". • •' . Blenched Turkish Towels— About the best and Brown Turkish Tewrh— A good, mc£um 5
J >-<• - -Thcie great bargainsV Friday and made, a 5 5 .oo dozen valu:; _ _^ good for general use; a $1.75 J
»J / V , . -/T\\ W^t Q : rA ¦ r '¦ „„ -».--»»„.<,.« to-dayonly, each . . . ... . tfOC • a dozen line; to-day onl», each . . ffC Jt
t r V >^v >*^4\ \VA^ Saturday. -.Come and sc; the J7.40 BIeached Huck Towes-Irish Unen, «z= iox Bleached Huci< Toweh-Nkely hemmed, size *
*> &&Z*\ sS^ J^ A W V ,v •¦)»«¦— • 57*40 P a y s tor the material tnat ; 4O i ac hes, a fx.40 dozen rahie; t - 17x31 inchM, instead of j i. 25 dozen,
» "¦ ¦ '^W^^Jyr . y([\ U. I «¦ is in some of the cheapest of them, perhaps, but to-day only, each . . . .'. . . 3*rC to-dav only, each BC 3*
K ¦; J >O f^V-l *.' it allows no margain for making, ani expenss in Bleached Turkish Towe's — Heavy, good and Huc< Towtb — Ctosely ' made, good grade, -X
£ s**^^ ' S ''¦'"* '*¦ • idling. We-aresur." to havs your size in some. large, a |l. 70 dczen l ; ne; to-day -_ hemmed carefully; instead of $1.65 5
S C/ >oV ' one of thi many broken lots incluied in thrswle. only, each ... ... . . . SiO dczen; to-diy*s price, each .. . . BBC «
\\/ff\\kr^X^k S^5^^'S^§X^I»'l^iv«4?s? A Any Ladies' $3 m5Q Shoe 3
S I ¦•¦(¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦: Lj- 1 VvT"^ >s3 •'•••• • • > • - l .-;^;«^#«nrC# >N \A0 \ I ll Wesell the best $3.50 Shoe for women that can be produced. JS
jf I ;..-. I ¦;* A*T^ y\~*\ fly^-' ' YouthsV$6. 50 Suits— for ages 13 to 19 years, \*X-''/\ To conv » nce who have not tried a pa'r of our f 3. 50 Shoes Jg
It : I . . .'•¦ / J . ' t =^p^ . during this sale . .«' •/..,. $4.65 Wl ./. \ "1 • of this fact, we make this extraordinary a-day offer: X
•f / //• 037 • Boys* $3.00 Sailor Suits— for ages 3 to 10 Mr'/ 'A Choose any pair of women's 50 Shoes in our stock (abso- «
j£ ;/ I years. .. . . • . •' • •>'• -$2.18 Eil A/j Sj \ . lately no reservation? made), on Friday gfb£f% |T5) ST& ."*
£ » — r—"~~ I I Boys' $5.00 Vest Su : ts-for ages 3 to m E»y jf^ \ L - 5 * a W and Saturday, April 1 8th and 19th, and X
Jf • • / / years. . . . .... . ... ... ...... ¦¦ $3,4-8 py I I pay us for^hem, instead of $3.50, only *^ •'*^*^ 9
ff)\ ..-"' V- .11 ¦ Boys' Two- Piece Suits— for ages 7 to 15 years; $3. 50 and $4.00 va'uet, . Jr^rr^^ 1 j '^7 ' We are showing 41 new spring and summer sty'es of Women's .«¦«
•T •- -I I' for. .' ...:.*. . . . . . . . ......... • • • $2*68 /. : J&r " \>l_Jf J3. 50 Shoes, vifci kid, box calf, enameled, patent leather and 5
K; II Men's fhoei $2.22 The balance of a sample line of Spring and -\^^^-. v patent kid, in every shape that is fashionable and correct; it is j»
J ' . /.I " mer Footwear; worth up to |6.oo per pair; sizes 6^,^^ -^^ . -, .. ;v.l',- frrm these you choose on Frday and Saturday. *
J»» // 7,7K,9K»V<>, io>^ only;^during this sa'c ... . &&*££ : ' - — — '—— . . 1 . J
i ll I ' Men'i Sty'ish Hats— Many broken lots, but your s!ze in some one of / SUQGS^^ Sale Of f Out* Rl*nuls*W* '2
* ' •'//¦'/ ¦ 'them— StiflF Hatt and FedorasT . • *+SKg- *»._^. MMM 4~. "*" ***7f0**B €MW~ .J
$ MM . Those that were J3.35, cut to .......... .$2.55 Of §K H StitH SUitS* S1m5O Hp» J
K I If Those that 'were $1.35, cut to' .. . . ... . • • •$>1.87 Another large lot of Silk Remnantj has been ' nm cJt © ' X
It II ll . Those that were lti.85, cut to ..-. . . ." ..... • • - 880 reduced for special sale to-day Smly, one- GlOlf&Sf •"
X Jf // Boys* Golf Caps-Szes^X to 6^, now. . . .... .".. 16O quarter the present marked remnant - ' f , CS© , J
«f 7 (/ Atn's furnishings-Just a few ot the many'sale items are quoted here. ..jmcei. peeet nnge from to 6 yards &im£& m h X J
S V A I - T M«'« Unlaundered Snirts/ 75c value ; . . . 53O ' ' ' n IeB^ 1 t . J h " e ar - e P' aln * nd J a f" Friday only, to make you better / j I • >> S
5 ¦¦¦¦•¦ V-OsJl'"i^ Men's Light-Weight Bjlbriggan Underwear. . 29O <<5w* *eta», Peau de Cvgnes, Peau de Soies, Co.- acquainted, with our very su- 1 W/» ' ' -J
*."¦'¦¦•• Boys' Golf Shirts, good percale ...... 473 'J&&Y ored'Indias and Fou'ards, B.ack Taffetas, perior Glove stock, we of.erKX/' H
S V Men'. Solid Color Hosiery, goodyam. .. .|#O B ' aC , k G L e ?f dines , and **** other ."I 1 " m you choice of any pair of ourfSXAJ J«
J ' , Men's Flannelette Night Shirts— a sample line in s-ze-V E^im the lot; Fnday only, yne-quarter o:f. |i. 5 o Pi ? ue Kid Gloves, orlWA J
If " : - .15 only — if you" wear the size, a fine bargain.. 41 G /E^J^lflJ" a^ >g- n if* B of any pair of our J1.50 fac-VVV^^X jg
J Men's Natural Wool Shirts and Drawers, $1.00 garment," 69oJM2fM I B%HiB}&¥& &&IG \
I Japanese SUk Handkerchiefs. V.^.-. . . \ . . 27o, 37^jM ! ' I . FHd^ **ri *iiui*dw S r? >\ a* U IVCVVV S
t Men's il.55 Shirts 9 ;c-High-grade, .tiff bosom shirts, with two pair, of \MJl M \ Friday SttU SalUPtlay. Glove Department, and war- VI j NWA ; g
5. ¦ cuffs; best quality percale, 1 in styKsh up-to-date patterns'; the famous.^-i Pp MS 1/ • Another of The Emporium's, famous offerings ranted; per «f OQ VJU^ 000 Z
5 Monarch make; Friday and Saturday only .-.:.... ... .'9UC VB' :tt.M of high-grade Ribbons— Beginning Friday P" . . . . *&Mw&& JJ
*£ Men's 50c Neckwear— In newest shapes and patterns; Friday and Satur- • Mj \wf E morning and until, closing time Saturday -; : . ; \ _ -
S day. . . . .'•. . . . . . .... . . . - . . . . . . 25O ta-^HPTT* night, if quantities hold out: :[•'] ¦-. YV>///lWj/nrP Vfhi*ikv *
h ¦ v \ - ' a,ooo yards of s-'mch Satin MerveSleux Ribbon W eMMOVVSEOnB VTMSKy #
J i> ¦ " ' i ' V ¦ - ¦¦ ' - —Made of fine Ita'ian s : lk; soft weave, the OH SfiBCaSki SSkMBm
tl , . finest product of the loom, in a complete as- Taylor & Williams* YeDowstone Whisky— jj
K 0%t~S—.~. nf-i-L; ¦. <•<»-. M -LmMsJ*.],*? MJ**.-***. H&**. .sortmcntof rich colorings. 'suitable for neck- either Rye or Bourban: on Friday; full quart X
\ China Plates, lie. Lames' Hose, 13c. WHr and mni;ncry . -j^ toscnat 45C jMla .\ . . . . '...-. ;' $1 ; O5 |
SA rare bargain— %y 2 -inch Decorated China You have paid 25c the pair for hose not so good ~ per yard; sale price for two days Schiller's Best Tonic Malt — Friday; dozen °2
„ Plates; fancy raised designj. with dainty "spray , as these; they are two-thread Egyptian cot- . . . . . . dSZMC .- . • • . . . $1.75 S
jf :- „ , . ¦"¦¦ ¦: ¦ • A - -,j Vi' '•,•„_ ' ' ton; guarantied fa>t black; pearl ribbed, 1,000 yards of 4%-inch Novelty Weave Fancy Champion Whisky — That cli reliable brand; JC
I of small roses; plates that would be cheap at elas ' tic 5 top> fine tU j, fin , 8hj hi'gh^iced hce^ Ribbons-Desirable styles: worth from S oe Fr^y; gallon $2.4-6 *
g. xoc each; . on special sale Friday •>_ extra : ;double soles; -and the big ' * 0* to 75c a yard; on special sale for _-^ Fruit Syrups— Raspberry, Strawberry, Pine- jg
¥ only . . . .......;.. :.t, .'•#€? store's price Friday only, pair . . '• mifG two days d£9G apple or Grenadine; bottle .... . 25O «*•Miss Moron?, principal of Belmont Hall. Miss
Sally : Patterson ' Kerr; Mrs. Dynecourt of San
Mateo, Miss Florence Nightingale Boyd; Made
moiselle Jeanne, French teacher of Belmont
Hall. Mlss*Sophle Treadwejl; Joyce Dyn«conrt.
Miss Ellen Bur well Page; Judith Grey, Miss
"Vera Estelle O'Leary; Phyllis Reynolds, Miss
D. Mildred Wheaton; Barbara Crelghton, Miss
Margaret de "VV. Ho well; Suzanne Horton. Miss
Pauline Keyser; Lillian Gordon, Miss L. Evelyn
Hackett; Mollie Howard, Miss Irene ¦ Gertrude
C. Carroll; Anna. Dayton, Miss Rose Boskowltz;
Daisy Rogers, Miss Maude Edna Reynolds; (pu
pils of Belmont Hall). Miriam the Gypsy, Miss
Alice. Martin; Jill the Waif. Miss Nellie Read;
'Nora.. Mrs. Dynecourt' s maid. Miss Reby M.
Bartley. * * ,
The cast of the play follows:
GIRLS WHO WILL. ASSIST IN
THE PRODUCTION OF "THE
CHAPERON."
V^v\ V ? at th - Glrls ' H| S h School tha
I , : : i ",• 1 ! senior class , is ¦ making prepara
\^J tions for ¦ the second presentation
\-*~*^ : of "The Chaperon", to-morrow
• evening, , in the ' auditorium l of
the . school. The production of thi3
merry comedy /promises to . be one of
the most memorable events in the history
of the Girls' High School. ; It has been
given once, and on that occasion the tal
ented young ladles scored such a success
that: it'. '-was. decided -that 'the play should
be repeated..' . , r '
"The Cha'peron" is to be presented for
the benefit of the teachers' annuity fund.
j? or some time past the | winsome y.oung
students have been under the Instruction
of L. 'Dupont Syle and a number of them
have displayed all the ; talent and grace
of comic opera queens.'
During the intermissions of the opera
the Girls' High School Orchestf a, which
has already acquired an enviable reputa
tion, will render selections. The mem
bers of this famed orchestra are all mu
sicians of the first rank and there is a
great desire to hear them. In the second
act a quaint minuet will be introduced.
"The Chaperon," with its ludicrous sit
uations and climaxes, affords an excellent
opportunity f or v the young ladles to dis
play their 'histrionic talents.' •--* •'-- w
'.'The Chaperon", was especially written
for young girls. by Rachel E. Baker. The
young ladies who will take part In the
play and those who will render the musi
cal selections are: ,
Violins— Miss Heiene Harold, Miss Edna
Falk, Miss Leila Cohen, Miss Ethel Lldstone,
Miss Alice Barkley,' Miss Helen Eichenbergr,
Miss Margaret Lane, Miss Leona' McColgan,
Miss Sheila Smith; /cello— Miss Ada Conlln;
cornet — Miss Louise Levy: piano — Miss Ger
trude Friedlander. , '.'< , • .- '
. American Benefit Society, American - GulM, '
'American u Legrlon of Honor,'. Ancient Order of
Pyramids, -Ancient '. Order of - United -Workmen,'
Catholic ' .-Benevolent L^gion; r Catholic i Knight*'
of 'America,; Catholic Order : of 'Foresters. Cath
olic Relief and - Benefit Association. Columbian'
League,': Degree of Honor (A. O; U. W.),;Fra
ternities' Accident 'Order,-- Fraternal Aid. Asso- ;
elation, ' . . Fraternal . ¦'¦ Brotherhood, 1: Fraternal
Mystic'.'. Circle.*; Fraternal' Union " of Amerlca, ;
Homi» '• Circle, " : Improved «' Order 'of .' Heptaaopa, !
Independent , Order : of , Foresters, Iowa Legion
of i Honor, v Knights ' and ', Ladies - of Security,*
Knights and Ladles of the Golden Star. Knights
of the Maccabees . (8upreme ! Tent). Knights "of
thfft Maccabees - (Great .' Camp ; of 'Michigan),';
Knights;, of ..Pythias ¦'., (Endowment ; Rank)/,
Knights of the '. Loyal Guard. ladles' . Catholic
Benevolent '}. Association,*" Ladies •„' of the i Mac
cabfl«s«(Supreme; Hive); > Ladles of ; the '¦ Macca
bece * (Great. 5 Hive 'of Michigan). "'; Legion of i the
He4> Cross,', Loyal Benefit ~Associa
tion. Modern* Woodmen of,, the .World.S National
Aid 'Association.' National -Union,* New England
FRATERNAL. 'CONGRESS-^-O. . l A\ C.','
I Hay wards, Cal. The ! ¦ following ' named
were | admitted jj to | representa.tion | at j the
laist held session of the National Fraternal
Congress: ' ; '¦'¦¦¦ >-3.- ',¦ " ¦'¦• \ ¦;",••' ',--.' ' /^
. MARRIAGE CEREMONY— C. B., City.
' The principal ; duty of the best man in
connection with • the marriage ! ceremony
is to seeithat-the bridegroom does not en
ter the church without the rlng^or leave
it . without his. hat. In- addition he has : to
accompany the. bridegroom to church and
to pay the clergyman , his ) f ee^ If there
are any speeches, at the repast after; the
wedding It Is : his .duty \ to propose the
health of the bridesmaids. The duty of a
bridesmaidis to accompany the bride and
attend to her in the church. If there "is
¦no ¦. maid \ of ; honor^ she ¦ performs the : duty
of "that > personage— that is, she : will ;. raise
the veil, if thebride wears one. The duty
of ¦• bridesmaid '-' or maids t depends on the
character J of ; the . Principally it
is' to Btand. at the altar asiajwltnoss'to/
: the ceremonials and to take part. In % fBe
bridal ; march or procession. '' Books on
etiquette, : : to be ; seen at. the Free Public
Library, > give ; in detail ,what " should *, b«
done at ; a wedding, church or homei -
In all- the correspondence of our public men' none
ever . before girded at people for" 1 riot celebrating his
birthday. • It ¦ is B ryanesque to a degree; ' A's a rule"
the" birthdays of . our public men .are celebrated after'
they die. Neither, .Washington. nor any.bf ; his great ¦
contemporaries ' ever'thought /of having; their birth-^;
days j celebrated . - while they lived,- affd ; Bryan stands \
alone, .isolated and peculiar !in : the list \ of worthies ; of : i
of men; of; notoriety jwho has'- written: of; ''loyalty"!to^
himself 'exhibited by. celebrating Shis birthday! '(j Per-,
haps, though, / aftcr ]1 thinks he Us dead : enough
for .birthday . : purposes,Varid from Wolferts- Hoost;
and several other,; pastures 'where ; statesmen \ are
Ijaked out will come a; Hearty concurrence in" that'
view. ¦'.:•¦. ; \ . ¦¦. -^.v:-'/ . : \. ' -'..,/f ; : ';.?::
To a gentleman in Chattanooga, ;Tenn., he writes:
"I am glad my; telegram reached you ; in time, and T
assure'.you that I' appreciate- the loyalty -shown by
the good' Democrats there, the; i only ones in the
United States tp celebrate my^ birthday."
' In. his last stages. Mr. Bryan is both ridiculous and
pathetic. He has just announced that; in his opinion
the Democratic party is. in favor, of the Federal- Gov
ernment taking care of the i graves of the .Confeder
ate'dead, but says he is afraid ttiatif. put Jn the plat
form' it wiil rousethe anger of the •Republicans/ He
indicates , no choice ¦ of 'caretakers ' for the grave of
free silver, andl says only , that' he. Has a fight on and
it is against the Democratic reorganizers:
THE Democratic party has gone to the Hot'
Springs of ¦Arkansas to be cured of its mala
dies.. Bryan is losing his grip at a'rnore, rapid
rate than he gained, and it will soon be in 'order for
others to be fighting for the leadership which he is
losing. He continues to wear a field marshal's uni
form and give commands, but no one near salutes or
obeys his 'order/ It. is too soon to know the effect
of his decadence upon his party, but it seems certain
that its bones, cannot be fleshed and breath put in its
ribs in 'time for it to make any show of strength in
1904. The dead rise, but not that high in, that time,
when political, parties do the act. I
FADING BRYAN.
"WATER— J. D., Oakland, and A. C. R:,
Cal. ';• Water can be siphoned
nearly 34 feet Vbove the level; water can
not" ascend above /Its level "up hill
through an open flume." - The ' question
asked by. the correspondent from "Auburn
is' a little "ambigudus, and in order to an.
swer it, it should j be accompanied by a
diagram showing the proposed course of
the flume., '.Ij. V.-;>
• Hardly any people, in the history, of the- world
have had a harder or -heavier burden of despotism'
upon ..them than 'the young Russians who; are' now
For the purpose, of keeping, pace with other na
tions, the 'Russian Government has found it neces
sary to educate, her. people so' as to fit them to com
pete with Britain, Germany and the United States in
war and in peace. .The effort has been to . provide
education in such a .way that the student would be'a
better tool of despotism than when uneducated. The
result has been disappointing to 7 the ; . Government.
The; students .have , acquired ideas of intellectual
freedom as well as ; skill' in military and 'industrial
arts, and . accordingly they are now more likely to
overthrow despotism than to "sustain it.
, • These' struggles have/now reached a point where
no compromise is possible. Though the : full extent
of them is carefully. hidden by the secret societies of
the students on the one: side and' the Government
censorship on the other, it seems evident that they
constitute by. far the most serious feature of Russian
development at this time. It is quite probable, in
deed, that they will prove, more. important than Rus
sian aggressions in Manchuria and have a wider and
more lasting influence upon' the. history of the world;
The killing of the Minister was in no -sense due
to the "spirit of anarchy nor of nihilism. It was the
result partly of private revenge and partly of devo
tion to a great cause. /The youth who committed the
deed had- been a student at the University of Kieff
at the time of the disturbances there, in 1901 and
had been sentenced to compulsory ' military service.
A short time ago he was released from the army but
was no^ permitted. to return to the university .nor to
resume his studies at any other institution. Stung
by a sense of injustice, he resplved to avenge at
once his own wrongs and those of his fellow stu
dents. * He went about his task resolutely and made
no effort to escape after slaying the despotic Min
ister^ : . ..;.¦ - . . - - . , '.- X , . ¦ .
¦ r ' ., .- ¦„>... '
BY the assassination of M. Sipiaguine, Russian-
Minister of the 'Interior, on Tuesday the at
tention of the world is once more drawn to
the. struggle now going on in that country between
the Government and the: universities. Like every
other great struggle it embodies ar conflict of ideas
and principles. The Government insists upon abso
lutism, the students demand freedom. . Again and
again the Government has seemingly -triumphed,,
but -after each victory, for despotism there has come
a still more energetic effort. foj/liberty. ' •¦-..• .
THE NAVY— J. D. W., Central House,
Cal.: If ;you are a minor, desire to ship
in the United States navy from this State
and have the consent of your parents or
guardian you should apply to the . com
mandant's- office, Naval Training: School,
San ¦ Francisco. The Naval Training
School is on Goat Island. "
THE CZAR AND THE STUDENTS.
DIME OF. 1894— A. E. S., City. There
are parties in this city who have offered
a premium for a dime of 1894 with the let
ter S, one of the only twenty : four coined
that year in the" branch mint of San
Francisco. Answers to questions appear
In their turn. .-.; ;
RECOUNT-R. W. W., City. The cost
of a recount in a contested election falls
upon the party who becomes the loser.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Order of Protection, Order of Pendo, Pathfind
ers, Protected Home Circle. Prudential Pa
tricians of Pompeii. Royal Arcanum. Royal
League, Royal Neighbors of, America. Royal
Society of Good Fellows. Royal Templars of
Temperance, Royal Highlanders. Select
Knights and Ladles, Supreme Court of Honor.'
Suprema Order of. Mutual Protection. Supreme*
Tent of Ben Hur, United Order of Pilgrim
Fathers, United Order of the Golden "Cross.
Woodmen of the World (sovereign jurisdiction)
Woodmen of the World (Pacific Jurisdiction),
Women of Woodcraft and Auxiliary Fraternal
Congress of Georgia, Illinois. Indiana, Iowa.
Michigan, Missouri. Minnesota. Massachusetts,
New . Tork. Nebraska. North '. Dakota. Oregon,
Ohio, Pennsylvania. South Dakota, Tennessee,
Wisconsin and Washington.
That is the response that f comes -t9 the leaders of
the .Cuban relief scheme. ' Tneir efforts to belittle
stalwart protectionist's have no other effect than that
of stimulating free-traders' to 'another wholesale at
tack upon the tariff. If once more the industries of
the country are to be rendered uncertain by- a.free
trade agitation a prolonged political controversy
the people will know just where' the blame liea.
A short time ago the Washington correspondent
of the Boston Herald wrote • to his paper: "The*
need of a strong opposition in the House. of Repre
sentatives is especially felt, now that the. Cuban re
lief bill, is under consideration. ' The Democratic
party is divided on the measure, as was indicated by
the Vcte on the question of consideration.--* * '•¦*'
There art six Democrats from the State of Louisi
ana, twe from Texas, two from Florida and several
other; here, and there who are voting on this'ques
tion as they voted on the Philippine tariff bill and
on the war revenue measure, precisely as if they were
Republicans. - * * * ¦ Nevertheless, there is a
movement here which is probably a reflection of one
that is occurring in the country, at large, in favor of
basing the coming Congressional campaign mainly
on tKe' tariff issue. L"ower" duties along the whole
line'and'fr'ce trade for the colonies is the issue. which
finds favor with leading" Democrats; throughout the
country, and some of the Democrats in Congress."
The free-traders perceive the opportunity to make
an assault upon the whole protective system, and
were it not for the divided and demoralized condi
tion of the Democratic party, upon which the free
traders must rely to make their fight, the whole
countr> would even now be ringing with a loud de
mand for tariff revision in' the direction of free trade.
American protectionists dp not look upon any par
ticular tariff with superstitious reverence. To use
the words of McKinley, "without being insistent
upon particular schedules, they arc devoted to ¦ the
doctrine of protection to all American industries.'-'
No man is making a fetish of the Dingley ; any
more than of the McKinley tariff. The charge made
against the Cuban reciprocity boomers is not that
they are weakening the Dingley tariff, but that they
are assailing the principle of protection itself.
Meddling with the sugar and tobacco tariff has,
in fact, led to muddling the whole issue. The men
who are responsible for the situation have made
matters worse and worse with every attempt to jus
tify their course. They have gone so far as to at
tempt to evade their critics by charging them with
imbecility. Thus Representative Payne recently
stated that the Republican opponents of the Cuban
scheme "seem to think that there is something so
sacred in every line cf the Dingley bill that you
cannot alter a word cf it without becoming a free
trader." Representative Grosvenor has followed the
example of Payne, and with an assumption of lofty
superiority has declared that he "does not look upon
the tariff system as a fetish j which is not to be
touched or examined." Men of lesser note among
the Cuban schemers are quoted as having uttered
similar sneers at genuine protectionists, and accord
ingly a report has gone out from Washington that
something like general revision of the tariff may be
looked for in the near future.
WHEN certain Republican leaders in Con
gress broached the plan of reducing cus
toms duties on tobacco and sugar for the
alleged purpose of promoting the prosperity of Cuba
they were warned that their policy would lead them
to surrender protection as a principle and make of it
a mere matter of expediency, to be subjected to
Congressional log-rolling and to the compromises
resulting from the conflict of adverse interests. That
warning has been fulfilled. In their efforts to defend
tneir policy the supporters of the Cuban reciprocity
scheme have gone so far as to hold out a promise of
general tariff revision, and the free-traders have been
keen and quick to make note of it.
MEDDLING AND MUDDLING.
FRIDAY..... "..... APRIL 18. 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor^
AitTttt AIl.CtiriaciiittUcM to W. B. LEAKE, t»B«g*r.^_
J'lULlCATIOV OFFICE Market and Third. S. F.
COlTOniAL ROOMS.....217 «o 221 Stevenson St.'
TELEPHONE.
#
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Connect
You With tlic Department You Wish.
Delivered 1»r Carrier*. IB C««nti» Per Week. .
- SI njrle' Copies. B Cents.
Term* by Mall. Inolndfncr Poxtnerei
TaILY CALL fineludlnB Sunday), one year ...$R.«M
DA1LT CALL Oncludlnif Sunday). 6 menths *.00
DAILT CALL ilncludlnr Sunday). 8 months I.W
DAILT CALL— By Single Month '. «3e
trJXDAT CALL. One Tear... -- 1-80
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ..1.00
All postmasters tire authorized to receive
sabserf ptlons. i ' -
6amp!e copies will be forwarded when requested. ... .
t£ail rabfciihers In ordering chantre of. address *honl4 be
r*rtlcular to rlre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS 1n order
to Icrure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAlvLAAD OFFICE ..111S Broadway
C. GEORGE 1CROGXESS.
Xcttrtr rtreJgn Adwrtliing. HarqB«tt» Baaflia;. Ctisi^j.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CA11LTON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESEXTATIVE: ; •' '
tTEPOEX B. SUITip. 30 Tribune Bntldlnff
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
rremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .I4OG G Sfc, W . XV.
MORTON E. CRAVE, Correspondent.
DIIAVCFI OFFICES^-C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay." open
until 0:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. W.
- McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
S:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2241
. Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109S Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 104 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
The futility of such advice will appear the moment
any one undertake's to recall the issues upon which
Democrats have substantial unanimity. It will be
seen that upon not a: single important issue of the
time is there - unity of sentiment among them. If
Hill can give his party no better programme than
that, he will have to make a platform out of tomb--
A few day's ; ago/Hllf. vvas~the chief guest' at the
Democratic Club : in -New • York' City, 1 and with him
was Perry B.elmqnt.';/ Neither of -the* two had been
in the clubhouse for years 'owing to "their opposi
tion to Tammany,; s6* that their appearance at the
Jefferson banquet was, looked upon as an evidence of
restored harmony/ During the evening Hill: 'was
several times referred to by the speakers as a Presi
dential candidate, and one enthusiast from "Texas
promised him the support of. that State in the con
vention. Under such circumstances an authoritative
utterance might have been expected . from the re-,
cipient of so many honors, but it did not come. The
utmost he would say was: "It is the part of wisdom
for Democracy to push to the front the issues upon
which there is substantial unanimity, and ignore
those in regard to which there are such seriousand
honest differences of opinion as must be fatal to
practical success." ;•
the way of;a suggestionVfor.. a- definite platform; fur
ther than a revival' of/the: agitation for tariff reform.
He has d^feuj^d|^in^^ffly^'^^mio^^SKei^ and
"corrup.flp)4''; but,"; a^ el^|€ne y * :7denbunces * '"such
things,': thef;deciarationsV6f-''the speaker can hardly
be esteemed to '/'practical politics.
; As; good luck ; . would have' it the man called 'to
power in. Tammany to- succeed Croker has been
eager fjrom the 'first to conciliate Hill and reunite
the party. Hill has met the advances of Tammany
more than - half -way, and ¦ now, while Croker - is in
exile at Wantage exercising his energies in training
racehorses and running a ¦model dairy, David Ben
nett Hill is the bright-' particular star at Democratic
banquets and is receiving the homage of Tammany
itself.. : 'v\j ¦ :: '.' " ;¦ ;-,--. . . ¦ ) •¦ • -1 ..'
>" Although' he has been almost a profuse ¦¦ speaker
of late, Hill has given "his party hardly anything % in
DESPITE '.Bryan's' repeated-, attacks in the
Commoner David Bennett Hill continues to:
forgeltO .the front' as'a> Democratic ; leaden
The preference- of the Southerners for Gorman has
proven hardly. a stumbling-block in the way of the
New." Yorker. the"; first, place /Gorman is not
strong enough physically ; tob? ar the strain of a na
tional campaign, and in th^: second. place his political'
record .is against him. .' Furthermore, the l South it-'
self does'tiot feel; able just now to force a candidate
upon the; Northern _wing. of.the party." The expe
rience whicH; hasv followed; since the- nomination of
Bryan 'has V taught the - : Southerners something of,
humility,- and, besides; :: the fSoutherri States are too
much":afraid. of an- investigation of [• their suffrage
laws" to. vehture*upon alienating any conservative ele
ment that" may, be' : inclined to help them in the North.
. * Under these conditions Hill's chief difficulty in the
wajr of attaining leadership; was" found in his .own
State. Tammany was against him, "and Croker was
not only, a political^but a personal enemy. He had
been : discredited \ at' the j JCansas .City.' convention and'
had ; but • a . forlorn following anywhere.- Of late,
however, "things- have been' moving his way." The
uprising against : Tammany in' New York City gave
him an opening of * which' j he'- was prompt to avail
himself. , He .organized ""a ' v strong .¦"Democratic, faction
in the. city, which' did energetic work';. against "the
boss, and as a consequence he, lias: been in a position
to reap much 'the glory, of the overthrow of 'the
Tammany regime. . .-• -¦ .-r .. . j •-'
THE BOOM^FOE: HILL.
St. Louis has discovered that the men who cor
rupted and ' bribed her municipal . assemblymen are
those whom she 'accounted. her; "best citizens," and
now she is in doubt where to Jook for an" honest' jury :
to try them. .- .: ,r r ' .. : i- ;.¦. -^.- ; '/ •' . y '_'
Large as are these" losses by the parties directly
concerned in strikes and lockouts, t it is safe to say
the loss to the communities where they took place
were larger still. If, for example, there should be a
strike on the street car lines of this city that would
deprive the people of the car service thousands of
men and women would be unable to get to their
places of employment on time, all kinds of industry
would suffer and business would be heavily handi
capped. It is to be hoped, then, that the leaders of
both sides of the present controversy will bear in
mind their responsibility to the community v ,at ' this
juncture and refrain from any inconsiderate action.
'The loss to employes in the establishments/.; in
which strikes occurred for the period of twenty years.
was $257,863,478. The loss to employes through
lockouts during the same period was $48,819,745, or
a total loss to employes by reason of these two
classes of industrial disturbances of $303,683,223.
The number of establishments involved in strikes
during this period was 117,509, making an average!
loss of $2194 to employes in each . establishment', in J
which strikes occurred. The number of 'persons
thrown out of employment by strikes ; was 6;io5,6Q4,
making an average loss pf $42 to each .person* • in
volved. * * * The loss to employers-- through'
strikes during the twenty years amouhtedUo'$i22,
731,121, their losses through, lockouts amounted to
$19,927,083, making a total loss to establishments or
firms involved in strikes or lockouts during this
period of $142,659,104, or an average loss of $1119
to each firm or establishment involved."
The recently published report of the^ United States
Commissioner of Labor shows how heavy are the
losses Entailed upon the employes and the owners of
industries involved in strikes, but no showing is
made of the losses to the communities .where: the
strikes -occur. Even the partial showing of losses,
however, reveals enough to prove that strikes and
lockouts should not be resorted to except in extreme
cases. The report, which covers the period from
January i, i88r, to December 31, 1500, says:
It is important to note in this connection that
those who will suffer most by any interruption of the
street car service will be the working people. -The
mass of wage-earners do not live downtown, but in
the suburbs. Their homes are remote from the cen
ters of industry. They depend upon the street car
service more than any other .class of people. They
cannot afford cabs. They cannot afford the time
for the long walk from their homes to the' shops and
factories where they are employed. In fact, a sus
pension of the car service would be a monstrous
wrong to working men and working women. ¦ ••¦';
At the present time the street car lines are under
temporary management. The. roads •. .have been re
cently purchased by an Eastern syndicate, ; and the
new" administration lias not been organized: The
men now in control have no authority. . to ,. make
terms for the new owners, and their own tenure is
of too brief duration to make it worth while for
them to act upon their own responsibility. Under
such circumstances it is clearly the right of -the
public to ask of the employes not ' to -precipitate a
strike which will tie up the roads at this juncture.
San Francisco has been built up on a street railway
system. A very large proportion of her people have
'established homes remote from their places of busi
ness on the understanding that there would be ample
street car accommodation to carry them to and fro.
If now the cars be stopped those people will suffer
something more than inconvenience. Their .losses
will be heavy and in many instances serious hardr
ships will result. . ."'.. ¦ . C ;' ;: -,'
UPON the merits of the controversy between
the employes -and the "officials of the
United Railways the public cannot pass judg
ment.- Not until all the facts are known with all the
qualifying circumstances can it be determined with
justice how far either side has the right to carry the
conflict to a point which will result in depriving the
people for an indefinite time. of the use of one of the
most important public utilities. Upon the question
of expediency, however, the public has a right to
speak even without knowing the facts, for the regu
lar running of the street cars is a matter of serious
concern to thousands - of people, and each and all of
them have a right to urge upon the leaders of both
sides that there be no interference with the car ser
vice until every other means of settling. their differ
ences has been exhausted. :
Publishers' promises for. the immediata
future are neither numerous nor import
ant. It is becoming more and more ap
parent that there is a fear that the ; cor
onation season will cause the book trade
to be slack till the autumn. The conse
quence is that authors are finding It more
than usually difficult to dispose of their
books, most houses having their lists full
for the remainder of the year. --Many
books have been acquired that will not
see the light till the spring of 1903.
The book world 13 already interesting
itself as to who will write the official
biography of Cecil Rhodes. Publishers
are assuming that sooner or later there
wlllbe such a book. They would all like
to issue it. "If," said one publisher, Mr.
Rhodes has left papers having half the
human Interest of his will, his biography
will be a unique book."
There Is a possibility that a book may
be written by. Sir James WUlcocks on his
experiences in West Africa. It would, of
course, include an intimate account of tha
brilliant little! campaign which he con
ducted in Ashanti. - '_
Sir James has just arrived from India,
to take up the military command which
Sir Hector Macdonald vacated on going to
Ceylon.
That very versatile, clever lady. Miss
Elizabeth Robins, who first obtained fame.
In London as an actress in "Hedda Gab
ler" and other Ibsen plays, and who has
since appeared with considerable success
as a novelist under the pen name of C. E.
Ralmond, has written' another book,
which will be -published by Heinemann.
People who keep poultry and study the
best way in which to go about It ara
familiar with the volume by Lewis
Wright. It Is one .of the accepted works
on .the subject. He haa Just been rewrit
lnsr It- for a new edition, which Messrs.
Cassell will publish. Not only haa
Wright made a constant study of British
poultry, but he has devoted much atten
tion to American poultry matters.
In this new edition, which Is an entire
ly fresh book, all his further study is
placed at the disposal of the public, from
which it would seem that this country haa
much to learn from America about poul
try farming.
PERSONAL.
C. E. Tinkham. a : lumber man of Red
Bluff, is at the Grand.
/j. F.. Condon, a merchant of Verdi, la
In the city on a business trh>.
Mrs. Edward Eddy, Miss X. Phelps and
servants of Denver are at the Palace. •
GarrIson_Turner,' a well-known attorney
of Modesto, Is registered at the Grand.
George H. Stewart, - prominent busi
ness man of Los Angeles, Is In trie city.
M. E. Ditmar. a well-known newspaper
man of Redding, is registered at tha
Grand. '. -' r - - I
"W. A. Blasingame, a prominent stock
and horse dealer of Fresno, la registered
at the Grand.
"W. A. Blennerhasset, a prominent busi
ness man of Cincinnati, is visiting tha
coast on a business trip. ...
Calif ornians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. April 17.— The follow
ing Calif or nians arrived here to-day: At
the National— J. W. Jones and C. H. Ohl
of San Bernardino and "W. O. Waters and
wife of San Francisco. At the "Willard—
S. A. Earl of San Francisco. At the Eb
bitt—D. M. Smyth of Pasadena. At the
Shoreham— J. Feigenbaum and A. Thorn
of San Francisco.
Civil Service Examination.
Tha United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on May 28. 19C2.
an examination will be held at San Fran
cisco for the position of electrician in tha
United State* Mint in this city. Informa
tion concerning the subjects and scope of
the examination may be found In sections
tl and 147 of the manual of examinations,
revised to January 1, 1902. The age limit
is twenty years or over.:-.:;
HIGH SCHOOL GI RLS
TO PLAY IN COMEDY
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
struggling : for freedom. .' if Long ago ;.one of their
early leaders in discussing what ttier$ is - in -Russia
that should be -. conserved said, "The Government is
despotism, ' society^ is barbarism, the church is ¦ su
perstition,"- and; foreign students *of , the country'
agree that the description ; is fairly accurate. That
immense burden of ignorance, superstition ' and
power has to be' lifted by a comparatively small num
ber of young men and women who have enjoyed the
advantages. of a liberal education.--' : That they, should
be repeatedly moved to insurrection and . sometimes,
to assassination is not' to be wondered at. It is a
life or -death struggle, and in the end either the Czar
will ' suppress his universities and abandon' the at
tempt to keep pace with civilization, or else the in
creasing number of heroic youths will win the fight
for freedom and. use their, education for a purpose,
widely different from that the; Czar desires. L v
STRIKES AND LOCKOUTS.
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, v FRIDAY, APRIL 18,' 1902.
6
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SDHKER
Call Kobseribers contemplating? a change of
residence dnrlngT the summer months can have
their paper forwarded liy mall to their nevr
addresses by notifying 1 The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all tovrns on the 'coast. ...
" iLMUb?,MKNla. ~
Central — "Dangers of a Great City."
Alcazar — "Why Smith Left Home."
Columbia — 'The Professor's Love Story."
Orpfc eum — VaudevUle.
Grand Opera-house — "Fedora."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — The Sons of Ham. ...
Tivoli— "The Fortune Teller."
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
Metropolitan Hall — Plaao Recital to-morrow afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
¦ ? ¦
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
¦ .. ¦ m ¦ -'"
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends,
€39 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Speclal information Supplied daily to
business! houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's), 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Gemma Donatt. Dante's wife, was a
dame of portentous physiognomy and a
deep, tragic voice. She henpecked him,
severely, a fact which perhaps explains
the absence of her name from his writ-
ings. • ' t *.-••>-. ?'v;
Men shaved without soap. 13c. at Russ Houa»
Antiseptic Barber Shop.- 217 Montgomery.. •-
' Burnett* s Vanilla Extract is the fixed stand-
ard of excellence. Has outlived criticism. Is tha
finest, purest vanilla, extract that can be bought.
¦ the Hottest Onc-Minvte Fight
J , on Record.
"C-JvThc Most Exclusive Club in r ;'
I San Frzincisco. -
. ' I Who Do. You Think Are the Members?
J Sensations 0! a Man Who Has
I the pand of Death Grip- j
1 ping His Heart
1 Story ol California's Great Free !
5 California's Family ol Giants.
,, .^pPAG^p^ mTEREST STORKS— 16"All the 'carmen 7 want ten hours and 25
cents an hour and want to get the con
cession, without inconveniencing the pub
lic. to any great ; extent. Everything, de
pends upon our- call at'Vlning's office to
morrow." .^ ¦;;"¦ .-.. ¦ . r ¦ * .:'-¦-...'
Further than this, Cornelius "would not
Bay, though, he was asked several quesr
tlons as to the probable of the
strike in event It is ordered. •: .
vjtis estimated that there are about 3000
ranged for some time and when It comes
time to acfwe will do so. I ; do not care
to mention any particular time -now, but
to-morrow will tell the tale.
"Will the strike affect any other lines
but thi Market-street lines and the lines
under-the control of -the new syndicate?"
."Well,"; he said, ','we have a large num
ber of men. who are employed on the other
lines and, of course, they will be affected.
A meeting > will ' be held ' this afternoon
at the Chamber of Commerce hall by the
committee: to arrange'; for a San Fran
cisco . day at the' Bakersfield carnival and
street fair, to take place next month. A
report * will * be subml tted by * Messrs. ' A.
Sbarboro, Walter M.' Castle and Rufus
P.*r Jennings- of .the progress made. The*
general proposition is to have a special
train leave this city on the night of May
8," taking ¦ several carloads ' of • prominent
San Franciscans ' to Bakersfleld to '¦ help
the /success ' of the carnival and to give
earliest' of .the good : will ¦: of - San Fran
cisco. After the . meeting ¦' of to-day . the
committee. to solicit the needed funds will
start ouU". .*:; .
Arranging for San' Francisco , Day.
s? It ;will : Interest lovers 'of : this character
of « locomotion t to) know- that a factory is
now operating ! in San a Francisco, r turning
out'the very- latest and best motor bicycle
,to be : had; ,> These are now becoming quite
common V along 1 the * business ' thorough
fares," combining - as J . they < do • speed,- slm
i plicity and small : initial expense. - .
Mr.- . Joseph '; Pennell, , the well-known
¦Englishman, Jafter riding; them , for three
years, finds that'the motor bicycle' .'lsVas
yet, : for i persons / : of means, : the
only practical self-propelled carriage.;^ He
has 'toured all over- England, and 'Europe,
and while he had to do some hard pushing
pn the pedals." when acildent reduced him
. to this /source ~ of energy, ¦ he ; was * never
stranded i hopelessly,; as may happen to
any motor. car.™.He always got where he
Intended to get ¦ and .- never, was accom
panied by • an -engineer; nor was -he sub
jected to the financial. drains of being re
garded a' millionaire. ;T,^ .'. -
Thre6 v Years on a Motor Bicycle.
1 .The lriqtfest into the death: of Policemar.
E. ;C Robinson, .who ¦ was murdered'on the
morning r of "January' 21, ; , will > be held ) by
Coroner Lelahd' this morning. The police
will not t present r the I entire bulk of their
testimony,. but will, reserve the strongest
they- possess to; be offered at the trial3
of the " four. men now-.'. under, arrest
charged;. with, having committed the
crime. ' ¦•* . - ' ; .
/ . Bobinson Inquest, to ; Be Held.
,'- Adams' Hair Restorer.! promotes growth,' re
stores color, and beauty to thin eray hair. 00c. •
A. Li. Barnard, Bartram Bell, " Otto Best,^ A.
A. Botzbach,' R. ; E.- Bouion, C". C. -Bradford
W..H. Brain, 1 G.R/Brockmann, Fred Brand,
Fred Bullen, E. J.-Burcherd, M.Cabale, Harry
Cushman, D. A. Cuttle, C.J. Dahlgren, ¦« Fred
Davis, Homer tde yPue,^A. ;W. Dow,' H. . R:
Eckharrtt, I E. Enewold, ? Henry- Fernander • B.'
J. .Grant, S. ¦ WV Green,: C. E. Hancock,' G.' ; F.
Hansion.*' G. * Hardt, -¦ C.-' L. •¦ Henshaw, •W. H.
Hlfrhtower, <¦' J. B. 'Holter, ¦ Marcus Hollxer. O
R. Humphrey, A. W.' Hunt, F. O. Hutchinson
James • Ipvlnsr, - Georsre - James," J..- H. < Jenkins
W.'f A.v Jenkins, ; F. * G. ' Klrner, , C. Knox, Oscai
Krenz, ' H. H.' Lamb. C." M. Landers. . H; Lands
down, Valentine Law, Albert- Lester, . B. J.
Lloyd. Arthur - Loy, '•; C. < H. Hogan, ', Robert
Lundy, . Angus* Macklllop. Andrew Macklllop
Byron M.cCluskey,- John McDonald, "J.* A." Miles
John Montgomery ,*. : .<* Eugene .; Mullane, ' •: John
Najcel,- Buell'NcUon, -yAr? L. r Palmer, .- W.-< C"
Peck, . Otto -~ Peterson, > ¦'¦¦ F. - R. Peake, t- Knight
Plerson, D. J.vRelly, F. " W. Read. , B. W. Rob-
Out of the . four hundred and more
young; men and!: working boys enrolled
in the night department;- 125 ".cer
tificates:, were awarded last evening. Fol
lowing are the names of the students who'
have successfully ; . finished the -various
courses: •¦¦-¦¦¦"..•.• ¦ ; • ¦ ;
C. Ai Maydwell, chairman of the'educa-^
tlonal committee, \ presided.-. His* ( Honor
Mayor; Schmltz" spoke at : ilength>of the
heed of* study on the '¦. part of young, men
along the lines of politics and : civil and
municipal government. -Snort addresses
were delivered -by O.I T. * Barber, in
structor in • the ' good government ?¦ depart-"
m,ent of the night-school;. A. A.. Macurdai
educational v- director, and H. ¦ J. 'McCoy, .
general?- secretary.. Musical ¦: selection*
were rendered by a double quartet .ana
the association orchestra. . • ¦ .
The management of the Young Men's
Christian Association must have felt
greatly ; encouraged at the • interest . and
enthusiasm manifested on the part of the
great crowd i gathered at 4 the association
building last evening to witness the grad
uating exercises' of the winter- term \of
the, 'night "school for "young men and
working boys. ~'. .'.... ;:.>/. r '•'_ .;¦
The preliminary examination of Joseph
Milllan and Charles Buchanan on the
charge of* assault to murder, committed
upon James Mclntyre at his residence,
961 Bryant . street, on the morning, of
March 27, was concluded before Judge
Mogan yesterday, and the Judge held
them to answer before the Superior Court
in $5000 bonds each. ' They were also held
on the charge of burglary in $3000 bonds
e£ Kate Mclntyre, the old man's daughter,
was examined yesterday - and she again
gave all the details of the plot concocted
by herself and the two defendants to
steal her father's money, which he kept
in > a box in his bedroom. . Mlllian and
Buchanan were each to get one-half and
she. was to get a half of Millian'a share.
Mrs. Frankle Goodman also testified, giv
ing details of conversations she had with
Kate Mclntyre about the assault upon
her father and also what she. had heard
Mlllian and Kate say to each other on the
same subject. < --yfffllSKtflA"
-The Judge ordered that charges of va
grancy and disturbing' the peace be
placed against Kate . Mclntyre. .
"Will Have to Stand Trial on Charges
' of Burglary and Assault
to Murder. v-V
BZcINTYBJETS ASSAILANTS
ABE HELD TO ANSWEB
More ' Than a Hundred
Young Men Receive \
1 Diplomas. . ',; •
MANY GRADUATE
AT THE Y. M. C. A.
Visiting Members of State;; Society
Are Dined by Local Phy
¦ .. ¦.- ';¦ ' sicians. .> .- ¦¦•'
The visiting members of the California
State Medical Society, now in session. in
this city, were given a banquet by the
resident physicians (at the Palace last
night- Covers for 140 were laid In the
maple room.
Dr. John C. Spencer was the . toast
master. 1 Dr. J. G. W. Dawson, the.retir
ing president of the society.' made an ad
dress and was followed by Dr. F.B. Car
penter, -rthc newly elected president.
Others who responded to toasts were Drs.
George Cole of Los AngeleB. W. ,W.' Kerr
of San Francisco, Robert Rponey of .Au
burn, John M. Williamson, George -,F.
Shiels and Beverly MacMonagle. .
BARTON". Ala,. April IT.— The whole busi
ness portion of this town. Including the post
office, was destroyed by fire last night.
erts, • Earl Roberts.- Maurice Samter, P. ¦ Bchar
renberg, H. A. Sengstack.'JrA. Smith. Thomas
Smith, "W. Smith, D. Sutherland, N. Stanley.
T.. Stelgerwald. J. *E. Stola, C. E. Summers
R. Swyney, C. Taber,.H. V. Thompson, S.
Trobock,* J. ; Vandeveer, M. Vaughan. L. F.
Van Volet, A. H. Sydeney Wall. - P. Wallace,
W. Watson, T. Way land,, W. Webb, O. Weyer,
J. •. Wllhelm ; and j John Zetterberg.
. The courses of study in the night
school embrace Industrial, scientific, com
mercial, political and language courses.
Over .3000 were, enrolled in- the night
school departments of the Youngi Men's
Christian^ Association during the last
season. There has been suqh a demand
on the part of the studenls for continu
ing, the classes < that a summer term will
be instituted next Monday night. . . '
Mr.-^ McCoy made special reference to
the . 1419,900,000 : i contributed during the
past nine years -to educational institu
tions. ' It is said that" only ¦> two • young
men out ¦ of every hundred are privileged
.to take advantage of this gift as univer
sity students, and that the Young Men's
Christian Associations are destined to be
one, of the moflt Important factors in the
education of the other ninety-eight.
"A fine exhibits of work during the year
was displayed ; in ; the reception hall
•men employed on the cars of the various
railway companies in this city. How
many of these are members of the union
is not known, as the men will not talk
on the subject. 1 The leaders claim that
.the majority of. the motormen, gripmen
and conductors are members and that the,
ordering of a strike will effectually tie uj>
all the cars in the city. The leaders claim
that they have had the consent of the In
ternational body to, strike for some time,
but \ have- refrained irom' taking such a
step until atli: hope of settling their diffi
culties by other means has passed.
are Richard Cornelius, George Dlngwall,
W. T. Jane,- Henry Johnson, W. G. Bur
ton, A. Sorensen, W. G. Goldkuhl, M: V.
Burke and Robert Keyes. They are all
old carmen, having been employed by, the
Market Street Railway Company for
• many ¦ years. ' They were all discharged
within the last eight months, for the rea
son, they claim, that they took an active
part in the organization of the -Carmen's
Union. , ' \ - ¦ , ,
"We are well organized,'.' said Cornelius
last night, "but I do not care to say-what
our strength is. Our plans have been ar-
An important branch office of Wells,
Fargo & Co. has been opened In the Odd
Fellows' building, corner Seventh and
Market streets, for the convenience of
patrons In that vicinity.
"Wells-Fargo's Branch Office.
GENERAL MANAGER OF THE MARKET-STREET, RAILWAY SYSTEM
AND TWO REPRESENTATIVES OF THE BALTIMORE SYNDICATE
THAT RECENTLY PURCHASED THE PROPERTY. ' k .
MEDICAI, MEN ENJOY .
BANQUET AT PAJLACE
The members of the committee which
called • upon Manager Vlning yesterday
President Cornelius claims that when he
was discharged this was the reason 'as
signed for his removal by Vlning. "And,"
said Cornelius, "there are many '.more
men who . were discharged for the : same
reason!" ' • . : . ' ' - '
Many Hen Discharged.
are refused?" he was asked.
"I do not see what else we can do, if
we want to get what we have asked for,"
he replied. .. ¦
The right of the carmen to organize for
their own protection is one of the ques
tions involved in the struggle predicted
by Cornelius. The men at the head of the
local branch of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of Street Railway Employes
claim that Manager Vlning of g the
United Street- Railways has, been - dis
charging men ever since' the organization
of the men's association , last September
for no other reason than that they have'
become members of the association.
T^k^Tf VINING knows that a com-
I r^ll mittep from the Carmen's
I I! • Union will call at his. office to-
A 11 morrow to present their de
mands. He refused to see the
committee to-day and we. held _a meeting ,
this afternoon and decided to give him
until to-morrow at 2 o'clock to either -ac- |
cede to our demand for a ten-hour day at
a flat rate of 25 cents per hour or refuse.
We know what we j will do in the event
of his . taking the latter course, but Just
at present we do not care to divulge our
plans." . , . . . . : . . . .
So said President Richard Cornelius of
the lately organized Carmen's Union last
night in response to a question as to the
probable outcome of the recent efforts of
the carmen -of the Market-street system j
to procure shorter hours and air Increase
of pay and recognition of their union.
"Do you mean by that, Mr. j Cornelius, y
that a strike will follow if your demands
The general committee of the Independ
ent Order of Foresters- that has In chars*
t|e reception of the supreme officers of
the order and the delegates to the Su
preme Court that will hold a session in
this city on May 6 held a meeting In For
esters' Hall last night, with President
Stewart in the chair, and agreed upon
final plans. The supreme officers and del
egates will arrive here on the afternoon
of the 6th to the number of 250.. and irtU
be received by a committee that wilT es
cort them to hotels. The next day there
will be a session of the supreme body ia
the assembly hall of the Red Men's build
ing and In the evening a public reception
to the visitors in the Alhambra Theater.,
where there will be an address of welcome
by Mayor Schmltz, a musical programme,
a response by Dr. Oronhyatekha, the su
preme chief ranger, and addresses by
prominent members of the order. Tha>
following day there will be a bay excur
sion tendered to the visitors and the ladies
of the- party, who will be the special
guests 1 of Court Solano at Vallejo. On
this excursion all members of the order
will Jae welcome, but these will not be
entertained by the Vallejo Foresters. . -
Vice High Chief Ranger Cooper, and tha
deputy supreme chief ranger, both mem
bers of Court Solano, were present and
explained what the Vallejoltes will da.
The court there has secured the largest
hall and will receive Its guests at North
Vallejo and they will be welcomed by the
Mayor, after which they will be escorted
to San Pablo Hall, where they will be
treated to a collation, some musical num
bers and a few short -addresses, after
which they will be taken to Mare Island
to Inspect the navy yard, special permis
sion for that purpose having been ob
tained. The other excursionists, and it Is
expected- that 1800 will accompany the vis
itors, will also be accorded the prlvilega
of viewing the navy yard. ¦ ¦ js
The several sub-committees that for
several weeks have been arranging th'a
details were given power to carry out
these plans in the fullest. ¦
Four thousand invitations to attend the
public reception in the Alhambra will be
issued. • . • :
"I am a good man, Judge," he said
several times during the examination.
The court looked skeptical and said noth
ing./ * ¦ - - '
Mrs. Goldstein denied with great vehe
mence that she drank, and her testimony
was corroborated by a number of her
neighbors.
Goldstein Is a deputy in the Tax Col
lector's office. The -couple reside at 813
Hyde street. - "¦_-'¦.
Mrs. E. Todd, who testified on behalf of
Mrs. Goldstein, delivered a little homily
on the liquor question during the course
of . her testimony. She said she had
taught school in Oakland for the last six
teen years and was a member of the
Woman's Suffrage" League, and therefore
knew what she was talking about. Her
views on the liquor question came after
she had told the court that Mrs. Gold
stein did not drink. She closed her tem
perance lecture by saying that the whip
ping post should be established for the
benefit of saloon-keepers. ¦ ¦
Divorces were granted to Alpnonsle
Batteate from Anton Batteate for neglect,
and ' Rebecca F. I Schreckenberg from
William George Schreckenberg for neglect
and cruelty. -
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Clara • B. Haws against Arthur E.
Haws for failure to provide, Laura S.
Glanville against W./W. Glanville for de
sertion, Arthur TV. Dickey against Lillian
M. Dickey for desertion, Thomas W.
Flanagan against Ida B. Flanagan for
desertion, Carl Duke against Kate V.
Duke for ¦ desertion, Gertrude Nolting
against Edward .A. Noltlng for cruelty
and Adeline Carroll against Grant F. Car
roll for failure to provide. •
Mr. and Mrs. Hiram P. Goldstein aired
their family troubles in Judge Seawell's
court yesterday. Mrs. Goldstein com
menced a divorce suit on the ground of
cruelty, and Goldstein filed a cross-com
plaint, charging her with intemperance.
The hearing took the entire day and the
case was submitted. Goldstein admitted
that he once gave his wife a black eye,
and said that he also threatened her life,
but claimed that her actions drove him
to It. .
r •?¦.-¦• ¦ • ¦
Elvira Calegarls was granted a divorce
from Joseph Calegarls, the well-known
Italian druggist, on the ground of deser
tion, by Judge Graham yesterday. She
was also awarded the custody of the five
minor children, and Attorney T. D. Rior
dan, for -the plaintiff, announced to the
court that" Calegaris had agreed to an
equal division of the property accumu
lated by the couple since their, marriage
twenty-seven years "ago, amounting to
about $60,000.
Calegaris did not appear in court to con
test the suit: The only testimony taken
was that of Mrs. Calegaris"- and her
daughter Anita, aged 16. According to
their testimony Calegarls left his wife
about two years ago, -and since that time
has failed to contribute to the support of
his family.
SUPREME COURT
OF FORESTERS
MRS. CALEGARIS I
GETS DIVORCE
While there were incidental matters con
tained in the original order that I felt ought
to have gone into force, nevertheless j I um
much gratified that some Immediate results
are in sight and will soon be realized and that
the authority and control of the commission
is definitely reco2"3ized-
The disposition of the commission has been
fair but firm throughout and the result of th»
proceeding Is, In my opinion, very credltabi"
to the gentleman representing the railroad
companies who brought it about.
W. A. Bissell. representing both companies —
the Southern Pacific and the Atchlson. Tcjieka
and Santa Fe— took up the matter and shewed
a very fair and commendable disposition
toward coming to an understanding, and I feel
that It is a matter of congratulation that a
settlement has been reached and some results
obtained.
Under the existing conditions of the oil In
dustry the net returns per" car will be in
creased from 20 to 25 per cent, so that while
the reduction is not large, it will . prove of
great benefit to the industry during the present
period of excessively low prices.
Net- Beturns • Increased.^ •
The present shipments, made where the rate
is applicable, amount to about 2000 cars per
month, so that the monthly reduction will be
about 113.000 or 1180,000 per year.
The reduction in the switching charg
amounts to an average of SI per car and
makes the aggregate reduction practically 5
cents per barrel or $7 50 per car.
This last rate applied to San Francisco ami
all adjacent itoints covered about 90 per cent
of all shipments north of Tehachapl.
The present rate, which is agreed to be pu 1 .
in force within twenty days, gives the same
rate to San Francisco and adjacent points, to
wit. 37.8 cents, a reduction of 4.2 cents per
barrel. - -
On the rehearing the rat<i was made so that
for the first luO miles the rate per barrel was
25 cents: for the next 100 miles or under 200
It was about 31 cents: for over 200 miles and
not exceeding 375 miles it was about 31.S
cents.
By the original order the rates .were reduced
from 42 cents to 37.8 cents per barrel to San
Francisco and adjacent points and the switch
ing chare^a were taken under- consideration
and advisement.
Mr. Short said after the adjournment:
Frank H. Short, who appeared on be
half of the Commissioners, informed
Judge Morrow that a similar agreement
would be made with regard to the other
cases, and the cases were therefore con
tinued for the term. • ¦
Immediately upon the adjournment of
the Commissioners' meeting:, C. M. Sterry
of counsel for the Atchlson, Topeka and
Santa Fe moved In the United States
Circuit Court that the restraining order
heretofore served on the Railroad Com
missioners be dissolved and that the order
to show cause be discharged, so far as
the corporation represented by him was
concerned. - ' • ¦¦¦¦•
Schedule of rates adopted by the Board oC
Railroad • Commissioners of the State of Cali
fornia. April 17. 1W02. fixing rates to be charged
for the transportation of crude petroleum oil in
the State of California, to wit: ¦
For uhipment in carload lots, rate per bar
rel of 42 gallons from Bakersneld and Coalinga
to San Francisco and all Intermediate points
and all points of consignment north of Bakers
neld in this State, where the rate charged ha«
hitherto been 42 cent* pei •¦ barrel, 37.8 cent*.
Rate' for tntnsi>orta.tion-over the switch or
spur track into the Kern River ( oil district
(extending from main lines of railroad oper
ated by Sout»»*rn Pacific Company and' the
Atchl&on. Topeka and Santa. Fe Railway Com
pany), per barrel of 42 gallons, shipped from
Oil City on said spur track or intermediate
points to said main line, when destined be
yond Bakersfleld. 2 2-3 cents. Car loaded to
capacity, minimum charge per car, $4.
Per barrel of 42 gallons shipped from any point
oa said spur track more dUtant from said main
line than said Oil City, when destined beyond
Bakersneld, 4 cents. Car loaded to capacity,
minimum charge per car, $8. ¦ • . _ *
The schedule and order of rates adopted De
cember 2, 1901. and all orders and schedules
and parts of orders and schedules In conflict
with this schedule and . order are hereby re
pealed.
Approved-AprillT. 100 2kEDsoN _
a S. LAUMEISTER.
N. BLACKSTOCK.
Attest: W. T. SESNON. Secretary.
Asks That Order Be Dissolved.
A settlement has at last been effected
In the oil rate cases n<jw pending In the
United States Circuit Court. The Board
of Railroad Commissioners yesterday re
scinded the obnoxious schedule, and
adopted a new one which Is satisfactory
to the railroad companies engaged in
handling crude petroleum within this
State.
The following Is tho new schedule
adopted:
Railroads Acknowledge the
Jurisdiction of the
. - Board. . •
Railroad Commissioners
. Modify the Former
Schedule.
NEW OIL RATES
END LITIGATION
xjtuu o^jn jthajn Uiouu Cua:li\j, JUlilDAY, •APEIli/18, 1902;
Leaders of the Street Railway Etri^oyes' U^
G^ganiz^ and Prepared 1^ T
CARMEN WILL IF DEMANDS
ARE REFUSED BY MANAGER VINING
7
AJIUSEMEFTS.
NOW "SHOW !
Sam, Eittie and Clara Horton; Tho
Pony Ballet; Banks and Winona
Winter; Petchlng Brothers, and
Biograph, showing Bridal Veil
Falls and the Golden Gate. Last
times of Marie Walnvrright ard
Company; The Clipper Quartet, and
James H. Cullen.
Heseri-ed Seatx. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 60c
.>*-•-¦¦-¦ • >
**T I \/O Li*
CreBlx«s at 8 Sharp. Matlae* Saturday at 2
Sharp.
SEANCES CROWDED NIGHTLY.
CONSULT THE POPULAR SEERESS.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
TWO AND ONE-HALF HOURS OP FUN.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 80c and T5o
Telephone Bosh 9.
COLUMBIANS
ThU Week — Matinee Saturday Only.
£ B s WILLARD
Ia tb« Charmlnr Comedy,
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY"
By J. K. Barrie. aether of "Th« Littli KlnUter."
81STH PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY—
Last Week of Mr. E. S. WlUard.
Monday and Friday Nigrhts and Bat. Matinee,
"DA VXD GARRICK.' r hy T. W. Robertson.
Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday Nights.
"TOM PINCH," by Charles Dickens.
B&torday Night — "The Professor's Love Story."
Seats— $2, $1.50. $L T5e. 50c, 25c.
Comlae— N. C GOODWIN and MAXINE
ELLIOTT.
PACKED AGAIN LAST NIGHT.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OP
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardou's Society Drama,
"FEDORA."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Next Week— Farewell Week of Melbourne
MacDoweU and Florence Stone In Sardou
Repertoire by Special Request.
LA S ST~TIMES.
To-Night — Matinee To-Morrow — And To-Mor-
row Evening.
WILLIAMS & WALKER
And Tbeir Own Company, In
THE SONS OF JfAM.
MONDAY EVENING. APRIL 21,
WELCOME HOME.
Mr. James Neiil and His Company.
Presenting the Dainty Comedy Drama,
CAPTAIN £ E,T TARBLAIIt.
Seats (or next Monday night and remainder
week now selling.
In Preparation
The Latest Eastern Pronounced Btage Success,
"THE STARBUCKS."
Belasco & Thail. Managers.
TO-NIGHT. SAT. and SUN.— LAST NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Broadhurst's Greatest Laughing Success,
WHY SliTH
LEFT HOME.
An Aralanche of Fun. A Laugh In Every
Word. A Scream in Every Line.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c
Next Monday— "THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS."
BEBASCO**"* rtsAlCS^^f^
*w m rs\ v 4RK0T CSX fUUA
TO-NIGHT. SAT. and~SUN.— LAST NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production of the Latter-Day Melo-
drama, THE
DANGERS OF
A GREAT CITY.
Stirring Incidents — Side-Splitting Comedy.
DON'T FAIL *O SEE IT.
BDIfLC Evening 10c. 15c, 25c. 35c. 50c
IftlWCJ Matinee.. 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Week— "A CHILD OF FORTUNE."
| FISCHER'S th E ater|
<T Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone* Main 23L
•HAD : ; "NOW
insomnia.- : : 1$!,^ ;
: : DREAMS."
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
"PRODUCES SOUND SLEEP."
MAKES THE SICK WELL.
ONE ROUND OF LAUGHTER
j YOU FORGET YOUR TROUBLES.
COME AND SEE US.
NO CHARGE FOR CONSULTATION.
Costs but 25c and 50c at night and 25c to
the Faturday and Sunday Matinees. Children
at Matinees 10c. There are a lot of new
features this week.
FANNIE BLOOMF'IELD
ZEISLER,
PIANIST.
LAST RECITAL.
METROPOLITAN HALL
f T0-M0RR31V AFiERNOON j
Rfeenred Seats— 75c $1. $1.60. $2. On sale at
Sherman, C!«y & Co.'t. Stelnway piano used.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
3:15 P. M. '
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M. .—
OAKLAND TS. SAN FRANCISCO.
RECREATION PARK,
EUrhth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats. 5 Stockton st.
t STRON6 &CQ.^g*V
Cl^EATENTS^ 1)
MARKET bT. SF.Stt^
n 1 rr nOWl I Corner Fourth and
rRL UllVnl Market. S. F. Try
I U I" f H I li our Special Brew.
unl L IIU InL Eteain and L « er .
VEll !¦ UW Illfca 6c OvercoaU and
valises checked I r ee.
' The World's Cure for 'i\ ffl
¦ '¦*•¦ ¦ ' *** ¦ ¦ ' v3
Wnturnl Laxative Mineral Water. '..'.' - / -
|g It is the Best and Safest reni- Kg
||| edy for disordered stomach, ffl
V$n biliousness and liver trouble, W
and It Cures Constipation, i ||
|^ Drink one-half glassful on K&
arising in the morning and you"^
Sja will feel the remarkable and
Jg agreeable effects in a short f|
1 Always Ask ¦ p|
I Hunyadi JANOS
g (Full Name). If you simply ill
JH ask for Hunyadi Water you
i may be, Imposed upo^i. Pa
0$ BOTTLE HAS BLUE LABEL §$1
jM , WITH RED,CENTRB. ; % p|
ADVEBTISE2CE27T8.
——.»¦¦¦ f .... I.. ...I i ........
Real Estate
Bargains.
$50,000,
South aide Post st.. between Taylor and Jones;
70x137:6; old Improvements pay low rat« '
of interest; wish purchaser to improve for
- first-class tenant. . -
„.'>.> $100,060.
Full 60-Tara. vicinity of OCFirren and Jones
¦ st*. ; a fine bur tor future advance. -
$42,500.
A finely improved building and lot on Sutter ¦. ¦
St., near Jones. Full particulars at oWce. ¦
-¦ - — ¦ • • :•<•:*,>•¦¦ •-
Pine Presidio Heights Residence
Lot 77xl2S; artistic bouse; stable; a fine buy.
and for sale at $12,000 for a short time
only-
Wright swell,
, Reaf Estate and Flnanc'al Agents
316 MONTGOMERY STREET.
FREE^ DENTISTRY
FOR THE POOR.
. OPEN SUNDAYS AND KVENING8.
GRADUATES OF DENTISTRY ONI.Y.": -
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGB,
8 Taylor at., cor. Golden Gate »v«.
f - - /'
AD VERTISEMZEUTS.
t" -•..—•••¦','• '¦• ¦ •-. '" ~"
All Soles look alike
when Painted.
How many people know Oak
sole leather, from Hemlock leather?
Yet it costs us over $113,000
yearly for that invisible difference,
which adds a dollar to the wear of
/ every pair of Regal Shoes.
Putting the Live Oak Sole of a
$6.00 shoe, into Regals- at $3.50,
is one of the courageous and costly-
things which are NOT imitated.-
Wear— —or the knife, will prove
that 90^7 of all other shoes
have common ".Red," or Hemlock
soles, .under their black finish.
Send postal for Style Book.
¦ .... < ¦ ' '¦ "f .
Sold only ia 45 Regal Stores from New York to San Francisco and London. Also by mstl
S Altf FRANCISCO STOREi
S. V7. Corner Stockton and Geary Streets.
NEW ADVEBTISEMKNTS.
XTNNA DEFINES A CAUSE.
European Skin Specialist Says Dand-
ruff Is Caused by Parasites.
Upon that theory, proved beyond a
doubt, secure for dandruff was sought
after. Scientists, chemists, druggists ,and
physicians all "took a hand" and the suc-
cessful issue is the present product known
as "Newbro's Herpicide." *
This remedy actually kills the parasites
that Infest the hair bulb, does its work
most effectively and contains not an atom
of substance injurious to- anything else
than the germ alone. ¦ Herpicide causes'
the hair to grow as nature intended It
should, soft and abundant.
Dot op a Desirable location,
1 dlUVV unsurpassed cuisine,
<? t unequaled ser-
51 fin ***" and modern
ClllU conveniences are the
. attributes that have
{|f*3f|/1 made these two no-
il I ClllU ids popular with
tourists and travel-
KnfaiO er8 ' who 'visit San
llUlWla Francisco.
Oppression, Suffocation, Renralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S flIGftRETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUOERA & CO.
BOLD BV ALL DRUGGISTS •'
. AMUSEMENTS.-^ '
Every Week Day-
vr Rain or Shine. '
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:10 p. m. sharp.
Kerry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with ' trains' stopping at the entrance > to the
track. Last two cars on - train reserved ' lor
ladles and tbeir escorts; no smoking. Boy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh ¦ and Broadway, ; Oak-
land.* Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. - These electric -¦ car*
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes. - \
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 P- m. and Immediately after the last
"^THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
. CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy.. and Mgr.' George Roach was chief swinger of the
outing. He monopolized the swings and
only permitted his fair friends to have
his services. On the homeward journey
the launches headed directly for San
Francisco. Many of the ladies were made
seasick and others fervently wished they
were. in' an airship. Bert Mullen cured
many* of the fair ones by warbling eoul-
George Roach Chief Swinger.
'-"--:¦. . . •
reputation of being understudy for Teddy
Hartman, but the strain was too great.
Fred Kavanaugh had a monster camera
with him and he took some very fine pic
ttfres of the kine on the hillsides and of
Mrs. Kreling's capacious smile. He and
"Shorty" Du Voll. the tall special police
man, traveled "side by each," as Kav
anaugh feared some one would rob him
of his hobby.
.The Board of Works, was granted per
mission to repave Post street from Powell
to Taylor.
The Board of Works was directed to re
port why the Sunset main sewer had been
deflected from the'eenter line of H street.
F. Holbrook, vice president of the com
pany, said that an all night service wa:
possible in the future. He urged that the
franchise for Bay and Buchanan street:
be granted, as it .was Intended to expenc
$500,000 on , the system. Joseph Tobin 01
the United -Railways Company stated thai
the new concern favored a conciliators
policy toward the employes. The flxec
charges will not be increased, but greatei
transfer privileges will be given, Tobir
said. • •
After directing the clerk to write tc
Mayor Johnson of Cleveland: for copies ol
franchises issued in that city, the com
mittee took the Bay-street franchise
under advisement and laid the other ap
plications over for. one month.
The Supervisors' Street Committee met
yesterday to take up the applications foi
franchises made by the Market-street,
California and. Presidio railway com
panies. Incidentally the subject of park
concerts- came up and the representatives
of the United Railways of San Franciscc
were pUed with questions as to. theh
Intentions toward .affording the pub
lic proper accommodations in street cai
service. , .. _¦ . . , -v ':^~
J. T. Burke of the Market-street Rail
way company requested that the Bay and
Buchanan street franchise . be taken up
as it is proposed to build a power hous<
on Jefferson street. Chairman Curtis o!
the committee desired to know what the
corporation intended to do with the re
quest of the board that concerts be ar
ranged in the park. Curtis reiterated his
intention not to vote to grant any privi
leges to the company unless it acted fair
ly with the public.
Arthur Holland, representing tb«
United Railways company, stated that
he would take the subject up with tht
Park Commissioners for the purpose ol
renewing the concerts. ¦
* "An expert from the East will be her«
shortly to go over the entire railway sys
tem and report to us," said Holland.
"We ¦ hope to give the city a first-class
service, better than at present." '
In answer to questions-; Holland said he
would send a written statement of the
capitalization of the new company.
"We will probably not pay any divi
dends on common stock," said Holland.
Presidio Company Must Er
s plain Why It Obstructs
Lybnj Street,
Supervisors Want the
Railroads' to Declare
Themselves.
FRANCHISES
NOT YET GIVEN
The Gage plan of campaign, so far as
It relates to the Democratic end of the
Republican machine, is fully mapped out.
The Buckley Democratic push will vote
for Republican delegates and of course
vote the machine ticket. At the last elec
tion in this city 5000 Democrats voted for
delegates to the Republican Municipal
Convention, and gave Herrin and Burns
1 the control of the Republican works. An
attempt will be made to play the same
game in the j election of delegates from
San Francisco to the Republican State
Convention. ; But Burns, Herrin and
Buckley will require more than 5000
Democratic votes to swing San Francisco
into line for Gage. A convention created
in a large measure by Democratic influ
ences cannot nominate a genulrt© Repub
lican ticket. Indications are that the stal
wart Republicans of the city will) vote so
overwhelmingly against the Gage tickets
lflv the several Assembly districts of the
city that the .push elements of both par
ties will be defeated. The bosses, by the
rawest kind of work, nominated Wells
and went down to utter defeat. •' Every
politician who Is > gifted with a grain of
common sense ought to know the fate in
reserve for Gage, In the event of his
I forced nomination.- - ; .»...,.
Gage Plan, of Campaign.
At the recent gathering of Democratic
spellbinders in San Francisco to ceie
brate the birthday of Thomas Jefferson
the Hearst programme was disclosed t(5
several leaders of the party. The plan
is to boom Geary and hammer J. C.
Sims, chairman of the party's State Cen
tral Committee. The followers of Hearst
entertain the notion that the best way
to help Geary Is to exclude Sims from
the camp.
The story goes that an effort was re
cently made to line up Coogan of Hum
boldt for Geary, and that high words en
livened the • unsuccessful effort to pro
gramme the chairman of the Humboldt
County Democratic Committee.
Hammer Is Out for Sims.
As the political game now stands Tom
Geary Is Hearst's Democratic candidate
for Governor. This much was suspected
when Geary was . called to the chairman
ship of the Chinese exclusion convention
at Metropolitan Temple. That conven
tion was called for. the purpose of re
invlgoratlng the weak' and weary Demo
cratic politicians of this State. Geary
was made the figurehead in order to give
him prestige with the exclusionlsts. He
followed the programme, given to -him
by Hearst's San Francisco paper, and
winked at the exclusion of »am snort
ridge from the list of orators. Congiessr
man Needham's letter to the convention
was edited to suit the fancy of Demo
cratic politicians' before it was read to
the convention, and E. B. Edson's letter
was entirely overlooked or suppressed.
Four Democratic politicians were put on
a, committee to represent the convention
at Washington, and Governor Gage, ever
ready to help Democrats when he can
help himself, 'attached the great seal of
the State to the commission, authoriz
ing Phelan,\ Budd, Llvernash and Furu
setti to represent California at, the com
mittee sessions - of Congress. The let
ter-writing Governor did not pause to
reflect that California was amply and
ably represented in Congress by seven
Republican Representatives and "two Re
publican Seven of the nine
were chosen by a direct vote of the peo
ple. , -
, City Engineer Grunsky spoke in favor
of the plan to lower the grade of San
some street, east of Telegraph. Hill, in or
der to permit traffic between the business
district and the wharves. Grunsky sug
gested the assessment district plan and
6aid it would cost $319,000, of which $200,900
would be for claims for damages to prop
erty. Supervisor Curtis thought the mat
ter should be submitted to a vote of the
people.
The committee postponed action for one
week, when representatives of the Mer
chants* Association, the Xorth Central
Improvement Association "and the Dray
men's Association will present their views.
The clerk was directed to ascertain If
the Spring Valley Water Company will
grant a right of way over its Lobos Creek
property for the proposed northerly exten
sion of Golden Gate Park to the Presidio.
The committee reported in favor of di
recting the Board of Works to instruct
the City Architect to prepare plans for a
new City Hospital in conformity with sug
gestions to be made by Supervisor d'An
cona and a committee of physicians.
"Would Lower Sansoxne Street.
School Directors Roncovieri, Denman
and Mark reported that of the eighteen
new ischoolhouses they desired to be in
corporated- in the bond Issue, sites for
ten are owned by the city and therefore
eight new sites would have to be pur
chased. The Board of Education was
granted further time to continue its in
vestigations of proper sites.
At the request of the Public Library
Trustees, the committee recommended
the transfer of the school lot on Sixteenth
street, near Noe, as a site for branch
llbary No. 7. The donation of $25,000,
made by Andrew B. McCreery, will be
utilized to erect a building thereon.
Beport on Schoolhouse Sites.
The Public Utilities Committee of the
Board of Supervisors met yasterday and
considered the advisability of temporarily
postponing- the preliminary proceedings
looking to the acquisition of ¦ the Geary
»treet road by the municipality. The City
Attorney's opinion, declaring that the
franchise of the road, named does not ex
pire until November 6, 1903* was ¦ read. A
number of other quixries regarding the
proper method of procedure In securing
municipal ownership of the road have yet
to be answered by the City Attopney.
Supervisor d'Ancona urged wit Imme
diate steps be taken, to take over the
road, notwithstanding the City Attorney's
opinion, which he said should be verified.
It was explained that the opinion was
rendered only after an exhaustive inves
tigation of the records I of the Board of
Supervisors had been made. • -
Chairman Bra.unhart moved that tne
owners of the Geary-street road be sum
moned to turn the road over to the city.
His motion, however, -was not considered
seriously and it failed to receive a second.
Mayor Schmitz, who is credited with hav
ing said that he thought a demand should
be made on the company to surrender Its
franchise, was sent for, but failed to re
spond. A communication was ordered
sent to the Mayor, asklagr his advice as
to any plain which might result in earlier
municipal ownership of fhe road. '. '
The committee finally approved the
opinion of the City Attorney that the
franchise expires in 1903. It decided to
await the answers to the other queries
put to the City Attorney, bat agreed to
make provision In . the cext bond issue
for the acquisition of the rood by the
city.
Utilities Committee Would
Lower Sansome-Street
Grades.
Desire Earlier City Own
ership of the Geary-
Street Road.
First Play Is to Knock
Out State Senator J.
• ... , t .
O. Sims, -vi <
Political Scheme to Boom
Geary for v Governor Is
SUPERVISORS ASK
ADVICE OF MAYOR
HEARST HAMMERS
ARE IN MOTION
Yesterday the Tivoll was deserted.- The
only man around the popular playhouse
was the ticket seller, and he bemoaned
bis fate because he was unable to attend
the outing at El Campo. Those who did
not go missed one "of the* best excursions
ever given by theatrical folk. The outing
was such a success that . VDoc" Leahy
felt as tickle4 as if he had , just swal
lowed a feather duster. The day was
ideal and no accidents . marred the pleas-
Wi HEN the ' members of - th«
.Tivoll Opera-house Company
discard grease paint and other
stage accessories, pack -their
( lunch baskets and . hie them
selves to the country. for an outing they
are as Jolly a set of mortals as ever gath
ered this side of the Styx. With original
scenery and th/s. sunlight as a substitute
for the calcium, these stars of the theat
rical world are more j entertaining than
when viewed over the footlights. Noth
ing can exceed their • hospitality, iand
their humor . scintillates in the open air
with more brightness than in the theater.
Jack Wilson suffered a sore mitt
snatching fly balls out of the atmosphere.
Nick Ahrens tried hard to live- up to his
rock 'off its pedestal in order to make the
game interesting.
Tom Guise posed as. the Mayor of El
Campo. He met the guests at the pier
and turned over the pastures for them to
graze upon. His welcoming speech was
not unlike that of the statesman who said
he was glad they "had came." Jim Leahy
acted as purveyor and saw, to it that the
leading ladies were not starved. Harold
Gorden played baseball with Ida St. Au
bin and both were signed to play on the
Tivoll's team. Miss St. Aubin- went
through, the outing -without accident, for
which every member of the company was
"duly thankful. Harry Cashman brought
a rifle with him and started a-Schuetzen
fest on his own hook. He hired a small
boy to ring a bell every time he shot and
he won : all the trophies. Hartman was
his' closest competitor/ He got on to the
combination and bribed , the : boy to ring
whenever he shot;' The youngster became
excited during the contest , and rang 'the
bell, twice on Hartznan's second shot and
the competiton came* to a sudden halt.:
¦ure of .the picnickers. The happy crowd
departed from -this city on the 9 o'clock
boat, and upon disembarking at Ttburon
boarded * two " of • McNeils big launches
and continued the voyage to El Campo.
Upon arrival at the grounds, which
vere turned over to the pleasure
seekers by Mr. Lewis, the lessee, Arthur
Cunningham, the basso, started a game
of ''pig: In the hole," which he termed
"Irish golf." "An old tin • can was used
as a golf ball and heavy clubs were sub
stituted- for "Btammie," "nlblics" and
"puts." The game. was so exciting that
Paul Steindorff, the leader of the Tlvoli
orchestca, thought for the nonce that his
club was a baton and he created a few
discords by landing . on his opponent's
shins.
Shied Bocks Just Like- Girls Do.
' In another corner of the picnic grounds
Ferris Hartman gathered a dozen pretty
chorus girls and initiated them into the
mysteries of "duck on the rock." .The
girls found the game more 'enervating
t£an "ping, pong." They shied rocks like
a "woman, chasing , chickens. Hartman
found It n&cesmry at times to knock the
SOME OP.THE LAUGHABLE INCIDENTS OF THE TIVOLJ COMPANY'S OUTING AT EL CAMPO AND ON THE
HOMEWARD VOYAGE, WITH- SKETCHES OF SOME OF THE PRINCIPAL FUNMAKERS AND OTHERS
DRAWN. FROM LIFE. : ¦¦ ,'.' • , > v> "
Mrs. Ernestine Krelln», "W, H. L,eahy, "Willis
and Joseph Krellng; Nick Ahrens, James F.
Leahy, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Steindorff. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Bechner. Mrs. Frances Graham and
daughter. Annie Meyers, Tom Guise. Eert
Mullen. Mr. Beronds. Tom Smith. Tom Jacques.
Oscar Mllble. Tony "Weber, the Misses Eby. St.
Aubln, Peyullon, Alken. Badger, Gladson.
Leicester. French, Hllllard, Davis. Norris.
Irish and Heath, Edward "Webb, Arthur Cun
ningham. Ferrla Hartman, Harry Cashman.
Mr. and Airs. Joseph Hagerty, Karl Formed
Jr., Al stringer, Mr. Walsh, Harry Keogh,
Arthur Messmer, William Grant. Howard Mor
rison, Mr. Dabelow, Mr. Husk?. Mr. Volsen,
Fred Kavanaugh. Harold Gordon. Mrs. Becker
and son, Mr. and Mrs.' A. Braid wood. Charles
F. - Rosa, J. P. .Wilson. Alex. Roy end Stan
ford Da Von. " . , . . . N ,
ful ditties from the stern of the launch.
Among those who attended the outing
were:
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALI;,; FRID^
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY
ENJOYS AN OUTING AT EL CAMPO
8
I a sort of breathlessness which was very
distressing. 11? was always worse pri just rising. I thought these spells proceeded from
find Ripans Tabules do me good, an^ I do not tifa^e that
, ¦ '¦ ¦ - ¦>,....¦-.' . -' ' , "/,\ *.V~' : ."*¦ \ ' • ' ' - ¦ • '. 7 -^' ' - '. ¦ . ' - .•..,'¦,;. r' - ¦ *~ ¦¦¦'• .'.V' *;?¦*-* "- ¦ ¦ ' ' "•' '
''TjfryS5\
•jpiAgfgl
Ml Don't go to some one j
j||l| you feel you cannot de-
jljl pend .upon — don't take
1| an unnecessary chance
yl in the purchase of an in-
||IJ strument that you'll
IjJIJ probably ' have in your
I Si home for a lifetime."
Ill .. If you do. in ten years
|H " you'll regret it.
lij A piano -is the most
a II delicate musical instru-
tt I ment made — t^iey all
I I look and sound about
ml alike when new. None
} I but an expert can tell the
¦fill good from the bad; .the
JSijJ price is no criterion, and.
II . you've no protection ex-
Ifili ccpt e ! ionor °* e
ill concern you ourchase of.
H Kohler & Chase have
II been with you for 52
JJU - years— pianos they sold |
' 111 °y er 4° years ajjo are II
lij - still in many San Fran- 11
IN cisco homes — jro to these
ljj| people . and ask them j|
HI . what they think of Koh- !}
NJU ler & Chase, and then |J
II] you'll never / have a
Ijj doubt as to m where to •
J make a selection. ,
$ -We can 'show you a!- I
IH most any piano made, |
I can save you money on I
I it and will tell vou. hon- ! .
Hi estly. just how well it 1
|J should serve you. j|
I
AND I
I • GHASE, ¦
The Peerless Knabe,
28 O'Farrell St, |*
I Near Stockton. '— ssessor Dodge sent a petition to Mayor
Schmitz and the Board^ of Supervisors
yesterday requesting that he, be allowed
thirty field deputies during May and Juno.
Doage says that this necessity arises
from two cause*— first, the appropriation
for thi* Gffice'is insufficient' to. enable the
Assessor to properly discharge his duties,
and, secondly, as a result of the fact that
a considerable sum has been expended
this year out of the appropriation in re
vising the assessed valuations of prop
erty, thus leaving less funds available for
the completion of the necessary field
work connected with the collection of
personal property taxes. , - . .
Dodge further says that owing to" in
sufficient clerical help only $140,000 In per
sonal property taxes has been collected
though $625,000 was collected last yeaf
prior to July 1. Only $1600 is available for
field deputies to 'Collect -this -large delin-
Qtiency.'--- ''~»,<?. . -'^;. •¦: -v-r.,?' ••,.-*-.: ¦.-'« • -
Models for McKinley Monument.
-The, models and ,desighs for the 'pro
posed McKinley monument will" be ex
hibited this; afternoon :.to - th'« .'. public - in
the Searles gallery ¦ of the Hopkins • In
stitute, of Art. The committee having
charge of the award desires an expression
of public opinion- and will :: take this
method of getting;. it. The artists', who
will take,. part in the competition are
Robert- 1. Aitken/ Douglass .Tllden, Ru
pert Schmid, Frank Happersburger Mr. 1
Le Jeune, .Miss ; Whitney, M. P. Nellsen;
Mr. Putman ¦ and Coxhead &\Coxhead,
architects. ,. '• , , . : ..,
Fishermen Go on Strike.
Twenty fishermen .who were in the em
ploy of the Western Fish Company, 502
Merchant street, went out on strike last
night because the manager of the com
pany, J. B. Inguglia,' ordered them to
come to work at 11 o'clock at night in
stead of 2 In the morning, as the firm's
agreement with the Fishermen's Union
requires. It is feared that this strike on
the part of the Western Company's men
may lead other fishermen of the union to
follow their example, and thus the fish
market will be unsupplled. The men who
went out are packers and cleaners. 1
Missionary- Society Meets.
The annual meeting; of the : Woman's
Baptist Missionary Society bt ; California
was held yesterday at the First Baptist
Church, corner of Jones and Eddy streets.
Mrs. Kelley of this city made the address
of welcome 'and : "speeches; were made j by
Mrs. R. E. Beach, who K presided, 'Rey.-;C.
H. Hill,' Mrs. Montgomery of Stanford,
Mrs. F. Dewey and ' Mrs. - George V/.
Frasler. The following officers were
elected: Mrs. ,'C. M." Hm of Oakland,
president: Mrs. R. E. - Beach, vice presi
dent;. Mrs. L. A. Johnson, recording^'sec
retary; Miss? Mary: E.-» Banford, ' ¦ corre
sponding/secretary; Mrs. George W.
Frasier, treasurer.
WILL CONTINUE MUSIC
IN GOLDEN GATE- PARK
A special meeting of the Park Com
missioners was held yesterday afternoon
In the office .of Commissioner Spreckels
for the purpose of . deciding whether or
not the band concerts were to be given
during this year in the park. While the
meeting was in progress a proposition
was received from the United Railways
Company of the city, offering to con
tribute $150 toward the expenses of each
concert, j The commission decided to ac
cept this offer and the band concerts are
assured. The expenses of each concert
amount to $1G9, and with the railways
providing $150 of the money, the Com
missioners can readily furnish the re
maining $19.
Commissioner Spreckela and Mayor
Schmitz were instrumental Jn Inducing
the company to subscribe toward keep
ing up the music in Golden Gate Park
on Sundays -and holidays. The board
will hold its regular meeting this after
noon.
ZTRE DRIVES FAMILIES
FROM THEIR DWELLING
A brisk fire occurred last night at 1241
H street, in the Western Addition, and as
a result two families 'who occupied a one
story frame house at that number were
completely burned out. The families are
those of P. J. Sheahan and W. J. Gordon.
The origin of the fire could not be ascer
tained. The families were both in bed
when the blaze commenced and the mem
bers were forced from the burning struc
ture clad only in night clothes. They
were, however, provided with shelter and
clothing by kind neighbors:
When the fire engines reached the burn
ing structure the flames had gained puch
headway that nothing could be done to
check them. The building -was composed
of wood end was burned to the ground.
The loss, including that sustained by the
families, will not exceed $2000.
Leland Does Not Agree With Jury in
REFUSES TO APPROVE
A) PECULIAR VERDICT
Black:
i Case of Conductor
¦ Coroner^Leland refused yesterday to
sign or otherwise approve of a peculiar
verdict rendered by a jury in the inquest
on J. E. Black,- conductor of an electric
car,- who was killed on. April 6 in^Rich
mond in a collision with, the steam local
which runs to the Cliff House. ' • ,
The jury's verdict was: "We find that
the Market Street Railway Company does
not give its employes proper instructions
regarding the crossing of tracks; there
fore we find that the railway company is
responsible." •
• J. Elliott, the conductor of the electric
car. swore that he stopped his car behind
a real estate sign fifty feet from, the cross
ing and then went ahead. When he got
on the crossing he saw and heard for the
first time the bell and the engine of the
approaching steam local. He swore also
that he Knew of no rule requiring motor
men to wait and give steam cars the right
of way when they are within two blocks
of a crossing.
LONDON. April 171-Tlie Parliamentary
Secretary for the Foreign Office, i_crd
Cranborne, in the House of Commons to
day/answering a question, said the Brit
ish; Embassador .at. Washington, Lord
•Pauncefote, would be instructed to call
thft attention of the -Government of the
United States to the effect 1 of the Philip
pine.'hemp tariff on the xope industry of
Great Britain. •' .': ' ,. ; ' ,v" ¦¦<- '
Pauncefote to Speak of Hemp.
-CHICAGO, April U7.—'.' Wild. Bill" Han
rahan, • the prizefighter, who became ill
with penumonia tWo* days ago. is dying
in the County Hospital in this city. ,Jt
Was said this afternoon by his physicians
'that he could not. live through the night.
."Wild Bill'/. Hanrahan Dying.
English License for J. Reiff.
LONDON, April 17.— J. Reiff. the
American jockey, has been licensed to ride
in England. ]
HAVANA, April 17.— The question" of
admitting Estes G. Rathbpne to ball now
rests on the intorpietation of or-ler No.
97 and upon whether English or Spanish
is the official language of Cuba. In Eng
lish order No. 97 reads that the bond of
any fidelity company "may be accepted
by the court as security." but the Spanian
translation of this order according to
Spanish ' scholars requires that a bond
"must be accepted" from any such com
pany" offering one. A fidelity company
has filed a bond for $100,000 with the court
as, bail for Rathbone's appearance but
this bond has not yet been accepted.
Question of Language Involved.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day author
ized additional amendments to the river
afid harbor bill.- One provides for a sur
vey "*of the Colorado River with a view to
making improvements, still another gives
authority to the Secretary of War to re
new bridge charters, avoiding, the-neces
sity of legislation for that purpose.
River and Harbor Bill Amendments
B J.' A.' Adams, head janitor for Shain
wald, Buckbee & Co.. secured a warrant
from Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the
arrest of W. Adams, one of his assistants,
on the charge; of forgery. It. is alleged
that -'Wv Adams - forged J. A. -Adams'
name -i t6. an order on April 14' for' four
spring latches valued at Jo on the Palace
Hardware , Company.
p. J. Kelly of 739 Harrison street se
cured a warrant from Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for ;the~ arrest of ;O.?S." Emery
on a charge of, forgery, g He alleges that
Emery, who Is employed on the Santa
Fe road, passed a check for $25 _on him
which purported to be signed by W. R.
Morton of the Morton Express Company
on'Anrll 11. .*" ," ¦ •
Order ; for /Four Spring
Latches.
One Passed a Check and the Other an
TWO MEN WANTED ON
CHARGES OF FORGERY
GRENOBLE,' -France, April 17.— Six
thousand textile workers at Vienne. de
partment of Isere. are on strike, and* the
resultant distress, which Is becoming
acute, - led to -v disorders last •
Troops were summoned to disperse the
rioters, and several persons on both sides
were wounded.
French Textile Workers Strike.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— United States
Consul McWade at. Canton has cabled the
State; Department as^follows: "Whole vil
lages on the banks <- of North River, In
the vicinity of Shickwanfu, are devas
tated by - smallpox and the inhabitants
have perished. Fatshan Is suffering from
cholera and plague."
Smallpox Devastates Many Villages
Serious Fighting at Djakovar.
LONDON. April 17.— The correspondent
of the Dally Mall at Cettinje, Montenegro,
reports serious fighting at. Djakovar," in
Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary, ' in
which many persons were killed or
wounded.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 17.— The re
port published by a news agency In the
United States that a body of Kurdisli Ir
regulars had massacred 300 Christians at
Diabeklr, in Kurdistan, is. untrue. .-
Story of a Massacre Is Untrue.
MANILA, April 17.-The total develop
ment of cases of cholera .reported at
Manila up to noon to-day was 306 and'the
total number of deaths from that disease
in this city was 235. The provinces total
621 deaths and 422 deaths have been., re
ported. ¦ *•--.... ' ..
Hundreds Die of the Cholera.
AGREES TO PAY HALF C9ST
OF THIRD-STREET BRIDGE
Santa Fe Railway Company Ready to
Help Out in Much-Needed
Improvement.
A. H. Payson, vice president of the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
eystem, notified the Board of Supervisors
yesterday that the company will pay half
tue cost cf constructing a drawbridge
across Channel street at the foot of
Third.
Mr. Payson says in his communication
that the progress of the work for the
improvement of China Basin makes it
probable, that Kentucky street, between
Channel .and Fourth streets*, will have
been graded before July, 1903. He re
quests that an appropriation be made
now for the drawbridge if it is to be avail
able for use when the street is ready.
The Board of Works in its estimate of
expenditures for the next fiscal year re
quested the Supervisors to appropriate
$50,000 for the drawbridge, but as the com
pany desires to stand half the cost, the
request will be modified so that but
525,000 will be paid by the city.
They Are Booked on Complaint of
McNZVTNS . AND KENNY
SURRENDER . THEMSELVES
Dr. George, T.: Brady on Charge
'; of Battery.
William McNevin, Harry McNevin and
L. Kenny,, 'charged with battery on com
plaint of'JDr. George IT. Brady, surren
dered themselves at the Hall of Justice
yesterday morning and after oeing booK
ed at the City Prison, were released on
bail. "John .Doe,'' the other defendant,
is keeping in the< background;' but, ac-r
cording to* the McNevins- is only a myth.
Tho cases will be called in Judge Caban
lss' court this morning.
The only regret the McNevins have is
that Mis. Gertrude Piper's name should
be dragged into publicity by the action
of Dr. Brady and his partner, Dr. George
M. Chase, in bringing the matter to the
notice of the police. They still claim that
the two doctors had their retainers to
help In their assault Monday night in
Union Square, and they were alone. Wil
liam McNevin has the hole on top of
hit head as evidence of. the fact that he
was hit with a club.
Stockton Street Railway Sold.
.STOCKTON, -April .-17:— W. G. Henshaw
of .the. Oakland Union. Savings Bank, W.
A: . Bissell - of the Santa :Fe. Railroad and
A. S.' MacDonald -of San Francisco to
night 5 closed the deal for the Stockton
electric street railway system, and It la
understood that the r \ property will be
turned. over Monday, at the latest. They
have been inspecting -it for-the past two
days -: and- about two weeks ago secured
an. option on the system. * Mr. Bissell 13
not interested as the representative of the
Santa Fe, I but as ¦ an individual.
Heirs Sues the Railroads.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 17.— Suits for
damage were instituted by his heirs : as
the rusult of the accident which occurred
on South E street recently, causing the
death of former Judge Irwin Stratton of
Wichita, Kan. Papers have been drawn
up and will be filed in a few days in
complaint against the Southern Pacific
Railway Company and San Bernardino
Valley Traction Company to enforce pay
ment of a total of $23,350 damages. A
traction car struck the driver and wagon
and a motor engine struck the horse. The
animal was killed. Judge Stratton died
twelve hours later.
Stanford Retains Coach Swindells.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 17.—
Charles Jay Swindells has been retained
as Stanford's baseball coach for another
season. Swindells'- work .this year in de
veloping one of 'tfie best nines ever seen
"at$tanford'out of almost wholly new ma
terial has won the^ commendation of the,
entlr.e university. • » His» reappointment*
meets with approval; especially from the 1
baseball men. Ai , , _ '• • ¦ •'<• ;
Swindells is a senior 'In the law depart
ment, but will not be -up. for graduation
at -commencement in May, as he has left
for -Washington toi begin, practice with
the Tacoma league . baseball team, on
which «he - will play ' catcher's position.
Beiore leaving for ,;'the • '-. north : VSwin"
agreed on the urgent request of the'base
ball'players, to\ continue his duties as
coach for next ¦ 7';"-
INTEREST IN ZEISIiER
CONCERTS IS GROWING
Fourth and Last Recital Will Be
Given To-Morrow With Fine
Programme.
The Interest in the Zeisler concerts is
steadily increasing, and last night's su
perb programme '. was heard with large
enthusiasm by.'a .fair house.
Mme. Zeisler was.in excellent form and
gave her varied 'numbers, ranging from
Bach to Strauss, with splendid effect.
The tour de force of the evening was the
magnificently rendered ."Erl Klng,";in :
which the pianist displayed an unexam
pled dramatic power that called down, a
torrent'-'of- 'applause.; r-.But power, clarity,
brilliance-. and -^sympathy jvere displayed
In all -the numbers, and stamp the/artigt
as- : ot; the greatest tftat have been.'f heard,
here.- ¦;. ; ,.:"/,•;• ¦¦::;;,, ¦*£?¦' '¦ . -?±l£C:Si
- , The fourth and last recital ' will ;>e. given
to-morrow evening at Metropolitans-Tem
ple, .'and the following programme will
be played: - • ¦: ¦ -„'•'-¦, :'
; FaplllonB. Op. 2 (Schumann); variation*' «e
,r>cusH?s,- Op. 54 (Mendelssohn) : "Wedding March'
and Dance of the Elves" (MendeUsohn^Llzst) ;
Hhaptodle, Op. 79. No. 2 (Brahms) ; Berceuse,
Op. 07 (Chopin): Etude.' Op. 10. ?Io; 5 (Chopin);
Valse, Op. 70. No. 1 (Chopin): Scherzo. 1 . Op. "20
(Chopin); Hcxentanz, Op. 17 <MacDmveIl);
Etude (prelude). Op. 52, : No. 2 (Salnt-Saens):
A la blen-almee (valse). Op. -.59,' :'No.>-i2
(Hcbuett); "On tho Mountain*," .Norwefrlacher
BrautzuK im Vorueberziehen (Grieg); Caprice
Kspesnol. Op. 57 (Moszkowski).
FIRST - STEAMER RUNS
'?> FAR UP THE COLUMBIA
Unprecedented Feat Accomplished
• in Navigation Thirty Miles
..„.-,. Above the Spokane. ,. -
SPOKANE, April 17.— The steamer Cam
ano, owned by Captain Griggs of the Co
lumbia and Okanogran steamer line,
achieved to-day the unprecedented feat of
ascending the Columbia River through
Hell Gate and navigating the river for
thirty miles above the mouth of the Spo
kane.
The run was made in a spirit of rivalry
to forestall Captain J. D. Miller, who Is
now building a 125-foot steamer to ply the
river from Wenatchee to Rickey Rapids,
near Kettle Falls. As a result of an ex
amination of the river made in 1898. Cap
tain Miller became convinced that the
river was navigable over this reach. The
Camano to-day covered 102 miles of vir
gin water.
War Department Orders Third Infan-
REGIMENT IS ASSIGNED
TO DUTY IN THE » EAST
try.^0 Posts in.Kenjtucky, Indl
„ ana and Tennessee.
The Third Infantry, now In camp at
the Presidio, has- been ordered to stations
In ' the ' East. The headquarters, band
and two battalions will go to Fort
Thomas, Kentucky. The companies of
the other battalion will be stationed at
different posts in Kentucky, Tennesseee
and Indiana. The regiment has been ab
sent from this country since early in
1899, and has seen continuous service in
Northern Luzon during its stay in the
Philippines. It is expected that the regi
ment will be recruited up to the limit
and remain on duty at some of the horae
stations for at least two years.
Lieutenant Surgeons E. B. Bailey, E. T.
Wilson, W. E. Hall and C. A. Warwick
have received orders to leave for Manila
on the transport Crook, which sails on
Monday next.
Raymond R. Ford, Company L, Twen
ty-ninth Infantry, has ; been convicted of
desertion by the court-martial now in ses
sion at the Presidio, and Is sentenced to
dishonorable discharge and - six months'
imprisonment at Alcatraz. • *
Major Devol has received word. from the
War Department that the transport Sher
idan is in quarantine at: Honolulu with
three cases of smallpox aboard. ',
Fierce Battle at Redding for. the
;. • Feather- Weight -Cham
rt'-*w » ¦'t..*-- •?* ->ru*ec -.-pionship. '-¦ f • ¦¦ ¦ > ¦ -«**' * ¦;
COX OUTPXtNCHES HERMAN,.
• REDDING; April 17.— In the twenty-sec
,ond. roundjQf onej ? of ,the fiercest battles
lever held fn^thls' city torn COX, the Aus
tralian, walked over Tom Herman of Oak
land this evening and landed a right on
his opponent's Jaw that put Herman down
and out.
The fight was for the feather-weight
championship of the coast, held by Cox.
The fight was for twenty rounds, but at
the end of that time Referee Charles
Burgs said he was unable to give a deci
sion beyond a "draw," and, as the articles
provided, the fight went on for what was
to have been five more rounds, but was
ended in the second. ¦ .
One of the Defendants in the Poker
Cases Employs Another
Attorney.
ATTORNEY ACH SCENTS
WHAT HE CALLS A JOB
The cases of the one hundred and fif
teen poker players arrested in the Cafe
Royal last Saturday night were called in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday. The in
dignation of Attorney Ach, who repre
sents the defendants, was aroused wh'eh*
the case of Gustav Mahoney. "one of the"
men arrested, was called, and Attorney.
Byers answered that he would waive a
Jury and was ready to proceed.
"Is this the only complaint sworn to?"
asked Ach, and when answered in the
affirmative he moved that all the oth^r
defendants be discharged. The Judge
sent for Captain Spillane, who said that
the other 114 complaints were being pre
pared and would be ready in a few min
utes.
"This is a contemptible, dirty job on
the part of some one," said Ach, angrily.
"I appeared for all the defendants and
BOW one is singled out, another attorney
appears for him and waives a jury and is
ready for trial. There is a job on some
body's part, and I would like to know
what it all means. It looks like an at
tfrr.pt to ignore the interests of my
clients."
Attorney Byers disclaimed any knowl
edge of a job. He had been retained by
Mahoney to represent him and that was
all he knew about it.
In a few minutes the other 114 com
plaints were brought into court and Cap
tain Splllane swore to them. The Judge
¦aid it would take him some time to sign
the"m and continued the cases till this
morning.
VICTIM OF POLICEMAN'S
<;V; BULLET IS IDENTIFIED
Be an Outlaw and Train
Robber. . '
Man Shot at San Antonio Is Said to
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Apri> 17.— The
man shot and killed by Officer PinS on
Nueva street at 2:30 o'clock in the.morn
ing, and whose body > has- been in the
.Morgue since that time, has been.identi
fied as Camilla Hanks, alias Charlie Jones,
alias Deaf Charlie, said to be an outlaw
and train robber. The record of the man
as given by a detective agency follows:
"Raised at Yorktown, De Witt County,
Texas; fugitive from the-e. charged with
assault: wanted in New- Mexico for mur
der; arrested in Seton County, Montana,
In 1S92 and sentenced to ten years- in the
Deer Lodge Penitentiary for holding up
Northern Pacific train near Big Timber,
Mont.; released 1901; wanted for robbery
of the Great Northern train at Wagner,
Mont;, July ?&c- 1904.^. -*-¦ - - * «~
Chinese Rebels Well Armed.
HONGKONG; April ir— A Chinese
banker, who fled from the province of
Kwangsl and has arrived here, says the
rebels in that province hold over thirty
towns and villages, and that they are well
armed with Mauser rifles and revolvers,
which were smuggled into Kwangsi from
the French protectorate of Annam
by contrabandists and opium -mer
chants. The rebels have adopted
the name of Hung SIu Chuen. the
famous leader of the Talping re
bellion. They hare placarded the coun
try with announcements that the pre3tnt
dynasty has sold parts rZ China to for
eign powers. These posters urge the peo
ple to resist tha, collection of taxes for
the payment of international indemnity.
Present Piece Under Auspices of
CHILDREN GIVE PLAY
AT UNION SQUARE HALL
"Young People's Alliance of
Evangical Church."
"An Old New- England District School,"
taught by Deborah Kittery (Mrs.. L. O.
Hodgkins),'was the name of a unique lit
tle play given last night af Union Square
Hall, 423 Post street, uncer the auspices
of the Young People's Alliance of the
Evangelical Emanuel^ Church. The -play
was prettily staged and full of interesting
specialties, which -were rendered in ' fine
style by the children who took part. |
The hall was crowded with an enthus
iastic audience. . '
Following is the programme of special
ties: "
Song, "The Sentinel Asleep," Philip J. Price;
sword swing, Benjamin B. Johnson; street
Ee»ne, calling of school, roll call, song by the
school, grammar class; composition, "Excel
sior," Krnest Mansler; recitation. "I'm a Little
California Girl," Lilian Becker; Infant class;
noon session; violin ¦ soloj- WHHam t Schaofer,
accompanied- by Miss: Bertha' Och«. pianist;
«clioo! in session: entrance of committee; song.
"Multiplication. Table";, address of welcome,
,^ me Itfti. Strohmaieruconywsitioa^'.'CJjristophtB,
Columbus"; spelling; song, by school; recita
tion. -"Mary Had a Little Lamb":. composition,'
¦\Villie.,Kohler; recitation, "Twjnkle. Twinkle,
'LJttle ; : Start*;, v tobacco- sorig; - -composition.
"Corns." Clara Berg; geography class; recita
tion, "You'd Scarce Bxpect," Adolph AVagnor;
fcong, "I "Don't Want to Play In Your Yard";
composition, "Breathing," Orina Wilson; his
tory class; song, "Polly- WoHy-Doodle" ; com
position, "Girls," Ernest Ochs; recitation.
Catharine Krone; song, by school; composition.
"Boys"; recitation, "The Bicycle," PMlip J.
Price; address by committee; remarks by
teacher; song, "America."
. The patronesses of the . California .Eye
and Ear Hospital gave a tea at the Soro
sis Club yesterday afternoon, from 2 to
6 o'clock, and the affair was one of the
finest of its kind that. has been given for
a long .time. The -.rooms were lavishly
decorated in cherry blossoms and foliage.
The . Hawaiian Band ; participated in . the
programme and played during the recep
tion which followed. Dainty. refreshments
were served. ... . < -. . . I
, As the hospital wishes to extend its
work, the tea was given as the debut of
the new "Heartsease Auxiliary,".- which
.has just been formed and comprises twen
ity-five young ladles who will ,wprk-to pro
mote the- interests of : the . organization.
Mrs.- Clarence Mann; was chairman of the
reception committee. . -,^-f .;.'-.: ¦ • ,-'
The -programme was -.'.excellent v and
proved highly entertaining. The partici
pants were: Miss Logan Toolley, con
tralto: Miss Arline McCabe, violinist; Miss
Beatrice Maltman, soprano; Miss Marion
Curhmings, coptra.Jto: Miss Mina Parker T
soprano: Miss Ellen Marjorie Marks, con
tralto; Mme. -Emilia ¦•(Tojetti, -contralto.'
Miss Marian Forest ; read a paper -written
by Mrs. Lillian -Engle-Spaulding -on the
"Heartsease Free Bed." .- ;.•.•:.•!:. *
- Mrs. Arthur W. •'••"• Cornwall, » president,
read atresume of the work up to the pres
ent-day. -;¦.• r- >.%¦¦ , -;--j/S*T' • - r- v — •¦**.'.* 'i .-i
Mrs. E. B.; Pond gave a; pretty^ card par
ty yesterday afternoon' at her residence,
1019 California, street." Thirty-five --- ladies
comprised" the guests. The drawing-rooms
were handsomely decorated in foliage,
with an abundance of smilax. Refresh
ments were served and the guests were
most hospitably entertained.
Miss Blanche P. Bodwell was married
Wednesday, April 16, at noon, at the home
of her uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. E P
Vining, 3447 Clay street, to Dr. Elmer J.
Couey. They left on the Santa Fe on their
wedding tour. They will reside at Fresno
The wedding was strictly a home affair,
only the immediate relatives and friends
of the family being present. Dr. Couey is
resident physician and steward of the
County Hospital of Fresno County. Dr.
Couey and his beautiful bride have many
warm friends and received many presents
fr^m San Francisco, Oregon and the East.
The Marguerite Auxiliary, "of. the • Chil
dren's Hospital will glve'thftlr clever and
unique entertainment" 'for r 'charity ! this
evening at . Century >v Hall,, -1213 Sutter.
street. Dancing wllrbe enjoyed the latter 1
half of the evening.:^ In addition to the
programme there are flower and candy
booths, which ¦ will b£ * presided over by
several charming young ladies of the most
exclusive circles, while others will pose in'
the ; llving pictures;? -•<¦¦• '-'V-~;tV ,'¦¦'.-¦. .>
v The subjects of .the pictures are as«fol- !
lows: Bessie, A'shto'n, ,; ''A"\Marguerite";i
Helen AshtohV' '^Milkmaid" ; Josephine
Hannigan"; "Carmen'i; /'Kathleen- Bull':
VElsa"; Merrltt Reid,' -.'Janice Meredith";!
Bernice Wilson, "Turkish Dancing Girl";
Louise Stone, "Juliette": >J\faude Payne,'
"A. DresdenJShepherdess" : Isabel Macken
zie, "Good Night": Edna Davis, "Barbara
Fri'et£hie".;.Ruth Merrill, "Lady Babbie as
the Gypsy." Seats are being rapidly sokl
at 75 cents, although the high-classenter-'
tainment offered is worth much more .The
proceeds go to., maintain the bed in' the 1
Children's. Hospital,' which is the obliga
tion regularly assumed: by the ,Marguer-'
ites, and they Rope' to realize enough from
this benefit to pay the expenses of the bed
through the year. All society will lend its
presence and patronage and many smart
gowns will be seen.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Moore Robinson
and their little son are. eh route to Phila
delphia.
¦ ¦ i ¦ ¦'. '? ¦ ? ' * ~~'.
Mrs. H. E. Huntington« and daughter*
will spend; June in Yosemlte Valley. ¦¦ '
Mr. and • Mrs. Whltelaw Reid were
guests at a luncheon given by Miss Flood
on Wednesday. >. - . -
Mrs. Henry Lundl Jr. o£ 1823 « Jackson
street will receive; this; afternoon.,; ; : ,
Miss Sadler has returned to the city
after {^ long stay in New York.
KERN RIVER OIL 'LAND
CASE IS TRANSFERRED
Is to Pass on the Mandamus
Proceedings. •
District of Columbia Supreme Couit
WASHINGTON, April 17.— The Kern
River oil land case, involving ' valuable
oil lands near Los .Angeles, was trans
ferred from the Interior i Department to
the District of Columbia Supreme Court
to-day when mandamus proceedings were
instituted by the Riverside Oil Company
of California against the Secretary of the
Interior, looking to reversing the action of
the department in Its recent action ad
verse to the company. The petitioners
ask that the order of Secretary Hitchcock
rejecting the land selections made by C.
W. Clark be recalled or vacated or that
the cancellation of these selections be re
called and vacated, th© regular proceed
ings reinstated and the selections passed
to patent. The complainants dispute the
power of the Secretary, to make his regu
lations under the forest lien land law and
his authority-to require a non-occupancy
affidavit as a precedent condition to the
vesting of the selectors' title. They as
sert that the requirement is 'not essential
and that they have done everything called
for by the act of June 4, 1897, properly
construed. The case is stated to hinge
on the meaning and construction of that
act. , ;i: -,:-¦ . ;
PRESIDENT CONGRATULATES
BRIGADIER GENERAX BELL
Surrender of the Insurgents "Under
Malvar Is the Source of Much
Gratification.
WASHINGTON. April 17. — Adjutant
General Corbln has sent the following
cable message to General Cbaffee at Ma
nila:
"The Acting Secretary of War di.-ecta
me to Inform you that the President
wishes, through you, to express his grati
fication, and the gratification of the
American people, at the results of the
campaign of Brigadier General J. Frank
lin. Bell and the officers and men of hla
command in the Batangas and Laguna
provinces, which culminated in the sur
render of the insurgent forces under Mal
var and which will further extend the
territory in which civil government is ex
ercised." V .•-'-.-.•; ¦¦, ¦¦;"¦•- . : - i •
PROPOSE TO ESTABLISH
• A PERFUMERY FACTORY
European Capitalists Send Agent to
Inspect Floral Resources of
This State.
Parties in Europe have become inter
ested in a scheme to establish a per
fumery factory in this vicinity or at some
point north of Tehachapi, near a section
where flowers can be. raised in large
quantities to be sold to the factory. J.
Jacobs of Tacoma. who has recently re
turned from Europe, where he talked
over the project with moneyed men, is in
this city, stopping at a downtown hotel.
He came here to get all the information
possible, and yesterday called upon Man
ager Fllcher of the State Board of Trade
for facts. Mr. Jacobs said that there js
no lack of capital that can be enlisted
upon the proper showing.
Jacobs is of the opinion that there
are many farmers who would gladly
raise the flowers that are wanted for an
agreed price. The average income from
an acre of flowers in Europe runs from
$75 to $100 per acre for roses, and other
flowers pay well. It is necessary that at
least 1000 acres | of orange orchard shall
be not more than fifty miles distant from
the perfumery factory. Orange blossoms,
so Sir. Jacobs thinks, could- be trans
ported fifty miles without being Injured
for use in making perfumery. The flowers
needed most are roses, lilacs, carnations
and violets.
Mr. Jacobs will visit the Santa Clara
Valley first and then will go through the
San Joaquin and Sacramento and perhaps
other valleys in search of the ideal spot
in which "to locate the perfumery estaD-
Iishment. ... . ¦ , ' ,
¦Redmond; renounces;
~.'-, 'Z '; : - >.} CBIMES ACT ORDER
Appeal' Is Made to Americans for
Sympathy in Struggle Against
, ;' - : .Coercion:.
April 17-^In the House of
Commons to-day r J6rin Redmond, the
Irish . Nationalist : leadef, speaking of the
crimes'' act proclamation' Issued last night
by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Earl
Cadogan, declared that an infamous con
spiracy was on foot v in England to fo
ment crime .in Ireland where none ex
isted. The stories of outrage and vio
lence in Ireland were infamous calumnies.
The Nationalists in Ireland were only
governed by a contemptible minority.
This statement was cheered by the Irish
members. A hundred men, . continued
Redmond,- stood ready to replace every
man sent to prison in Mils struggle. The
Irish entreated Wyndham, the Chief Sec
retary for Ireland, to change his policy;
but if he continued it 'they .would meet
him face to face and give blow for blow.
Their answer to his coercion of 1 - Ireland
would ¦ be - ¦ to harden their I hearts,
strengthen their organization and compel
redress. '•
Wyndham replied that while It was true
that there was a comparative absence in
Ireland of crime against the person the
lives of people were made miserable by
intimidation and boycotting. The Gov
ernment was not acting from political mo
tives, but as the result of a mass of infor
mation laboriously collected and carefully
examined.- A motion for adjournment to
discuss coercion I made by Redmond was
rejected by a vote of 253 to 148. John Red
mond and John Dillon have sent a joint
cablegram to former Congressman John
F. Finerty of ¦ Chicago, . appealing for
American sympathy and support during
the struggle against - coercion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE,' April 17.— The two liners.
Dolphin and Farallon, reached port at
an early hour this morning from Skag
way. The former was out-three days
and twelve hours and the latter four days
and twelve, hours.' The Dolphin, with
twenty-six passengers and 136,000 in treas
ure, left the Lynn Canal metropolis Sun
day night, ard the Farallon, with" ten
passengers, Saturday evening.
On Saturday and Sunday, a \ terrific
snowstorm raged in Lynn ! Canal ' and at
Haines Mission there was eight inches
on the ground. The storm extended down
over Lake Bennett and delayed a White
Pass and Yukon train three hours, •
:-¦ A Dox^of -treasure, valued at, JS6.000 waa
shipped on the Dolphin from-. Skagway.
It comes from the Dawson branch of the
N. A. T. & T. Co., and is. consigned to
the smelting works in San Francisco.
The . gold is from last season's clean-up
and makes the second -shipment of . the
winter. . .-.
J. Jando Jr., an insane man, was
brought- down on the 1 steamer in charge
of Deputy -Marshal W. H." McNair.. Jan
do Is being taken to the Salem Institute
for the Insane.* His case is a pathetic
one. He Is only about 28 years of age,
but the rigors of an Alaska winter proved
too much for him. - ¦¦ - ¦-¦
' The Dolphin brings reports of further
agitation on the territorial government
question; Territorial cluba have been
formed at Juneau and Skagway, and the
movement is rapidly spreading. It is one
of the absorbing topics along the south
eastern coast.
•WASHINGTON, April 17.— The Presby
terian creed revision committee completed
its labors to-day and adjourned. The com
mittee agreed unanimously upon a report
to be made to the general' assembly which
will meet in New York on May 151 The
members reserved the right to differ upon
minor matters in the report to be made
to the assembly, but the final report, an
authorized statement says, was unani
mous and hearty. The differences refer
entirely to the question of phraseology, j
and do not apply to that of principle or
doctrine. As finally determined upon this
brief statement is to . : contain sixteen
articles, as follows:
First— God. ' ;f : r
Socond — Relation. ,\ ..>.\
i Third— Divine purpose. "••». ¦' , „ .•¦¦.'., .-
Fourth— :The creation v w. ..;-r ; >X
Fifth— The sin of man. ; '¦".¦>.
Sixth — The grace 'Of* God ''«'¦"'•;, '< ' "•• "
Seventh— Election. >. ,'. ¦ .". -' ."' /= .',;¦'.
• Klghth— Our Lord Jesus Christ. .'Ji~/i _; ,.; :
Ninth — Faith and repentance. <¦'•- - 1 : ¦ • ,''¦:•¦.
Tenth — Holy- spirit. • ; "' ' ¦¦*¦ " .V>
Kleventh— The new birth and the, new life.
Twelfth — The resurrection ahd the .life ; ,to
come. .:..- - .-\"-v'^';- ¦¦'"¦ : .; i
Thirteenth — Tlie la.w of God. *.' -.; .''^,;-v'^
Fourteenth— The -church 'and -tacramefltii.^V;'
Fifteenth — The last Judgment.'. • '-¦•-'.. ,«&•*;*?>?¦;*.
Sixteenth— ChrisUan' servlc©' AHd%it}f*AaiT
triumph. . ¦ ¦ ... l :r -»-"v-i'-iV" ;,'\' : . **" v
The committee- also: was^bh'afgea v witn"
the work of the revision of the corjife'sston
of faith by the preparation of a deClaTa
tory statement' defining the meaning, of
certain portions of the confession. -¦\
This feature of its labors had been com
pleted at previous sessions . of j the com
mittee and was / finally reviewed and
unanimously agreed upon here. The de
claratory statement deals with chapters
! 3 and 10 of the confession, the former
referring to the eternal decrees of. God
and the latter, known as the elect infant
clause; also with that portion of. the con
fession relating to good works, which was
revised by the change in the text. That
concerning oaths and the -Pope of Rome
clause will be dropped from the confes
sion. ...- .-_•-.. -.-. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Tex., April 17.— William
Weisenberger, a former New York pawn
broker, was arrested at the border to
day on the charge of smuggling. Watches,
diamonds and other jewels valued at $2000
found concealed on his person were seized.
Weisenberger was returning to the
United States from Mexico and claimed
that he was traveling about the country
selling jewelry. He asserted that he mado
no attempt to smuggle the goods into the
United States but "cleared" them to the
officers. He is being held for trial.
The inspectors found most of the valu
ables concealed in a money belt which the
prisoner was wearing. They claim to
have a strong case against the defendant.
Weisenberger was tried in New York on
the charge of receiving stolen property
pawned with him by a burglar.
Pat Garret, the cowboy collector of cus
toms, declares the capture is one of the
most Important ever made. It 13 sup
posed that the watches and diamonds
were stolen by the organized rateros m
Mexico and sold to a ."fence" and then
smuggled to this country to be sold. The
prisoner wired S. Weisenberger. Second
avenue - New York ¦ for assistance.
COLON, April ¦ 17.— Governor Salazar,
who is still at Colon, considers the situ
ation at Hocas del Toro to be serious. He
is.sendirg tience additional reinforcements
and is doing his, utmost to prevent the
U.wii from, falling,- Into the hands of the
Liberals ; ..: . •:-:-;•> ..;-¦¦''-'."?:!?¦$'¦¦"¦' ¦¦¦
¦\ The. Governor expresse'disurpri*e at the
report that. the commander qf.thc United
States Kimtcat Machias, \ Lieutenant Com
rijar.rler MeCrca. had" not inolsttd upon
the immediate surrender of the launches.
barp?s. ctc.beJonging to the United FruH
Corafcuriy; an American conesrn, especial
ly, in; view of the fact that the matter
directly aftects Colombia, inasmuch as the
Liberal* -who - are located at Old Bank
\vi>ulil l;e.jimiblc,to attack Bocas d«'l Toro
\vithoutV«uch?riieans of trans pTuHlon.
;' Governor. ,'Salazar is bringing the sub
;jeet-to the" notice of the Colombian Min
ister^ at Washington, Senor J. Concha, in
order v .tb.at.he, ) may notify the authorities
at Washington. . it is recognized that it
is no easy; matter to effect a landing of
troops ;>, at -v Bocas? del ,\ Toro from open
launches; f .: -: >:> :ri > -.;
The Machias; has not yet returned to
Colon..- ¦> '<:>•¦:*;•'¦?;'•?¦•:¦ . • :
AMSTERDAM,: April jj 17.— All i classes of.
the population are deeply grieved •'at the
illness of-' '- <£ueen \ Wiihelmina. Prince'
Henry of '.'.the/ Netherlands, the* Prince
Consort, is}^; Overwhelmed withv anxiety,
and hardly leav^S. the : Queen's <¦; bedside.
The Queen 'mottie*\is also in constant at-!
tendance upon the, royal patlent>.;When->
ever her Majesty v^njoys peaceful" sleep
Prince Henry; busily^- occupies himself in
replying personally to the "numerous'tele
grams which are constantly arriving from
European sovereigns 'and courts. '
"•Dr. Roessings, one of the- Queen's at
tending physicians, is staying permanent
ly at the palace. Her Majesty's tempera
ture yesterday- reached the alarming
height of-*104,idegrees, but the departure
from the palace of Professor Rosenen
stein, the pathologist of Leyden Univer
sity, who has been summoned in consulta
tion, is considered a hopeful sign that^the
crisis is cast. ."¦'¦,
j It is rumored that Queen Wilhelmlna
cold recently while sitting in the
park. „ It Is also said that living at^ Castle
'Loo does not seem to agree with her Ma
jesty. .' • . ' . ¦' -...-, . ¦:•': ;
1 The/illness of Queen ; Wllh'elmlna, Is a
topic, "throughout the' xiountry,
,and the -< various; 5 public,; bodlesj.yhave ex
:pressed sympathy, fqrMh'e Queen- and their
'hopes; for her. recovery." *~ w '
*. The condition* of the royal patient was
at;8:30 to-night.
r. Prayers > for the Queen's recovery are
"being-- oftered-.ih 1 'the -churches.
: It is rumored'" that another specialist,
Professor -.Noldnv-has been summoned to
attend her Majesty.
NEW AUXILIARY
GIVEN TEA AT
SOROSIS CLUB
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 17.
With an honorary escort in which was
Included three rear-admirals of the
United States' navy, the remains of the
late Mrs. Cornelia Selby Kempff. wife of
Rear-Admiral Louis Kempff, U. S. N..
were laid to rest in Mountain View Cem
etery, to-day, after impressive funeral
services had been held at St. Paul's Epis
copal Church.
Many other naval officers and friends
of the family ' attended the solemn exer
cises, which were conducted by the' Rev.
Robert Ritchie, rector of St. Paul's. The
chancel, ' reading desk and .altar were
buried in beautiful flowers. • The casket
was hidden with violets.
The music was rendered by a male
quartet composed of H. A. Redfield, Dan
Lawrence, Lowell Redfield and Clement
Rowlands. They sang "Rock of Ages"
and "Abide With Me, 1 - Besides the num
bers contained in the Episcopal funeral
service. • . •
The. honorary pall -bearers were:' Rear-
Admirals Casey, Miller and Glass, Pay
Director Bacon, U. S. N., Chief Engineer
G. F. Kutz. U. S.' N., and A. T." East
land. ; ' ¦• • •
The exercises at the cemetery were
private.- ,-. - ¦ ¦;- : ¦•;
The forty-fourth annual conclave of the
Grand Commadery of the Knights Tem
plar of California opened yesterday morn
ing In the Masonic Temple, .with Grand
Commander George B. McKee in the pre
siding officer's chair. The preliminary,
service at the opening Is one of the most
beautiful of the various branches of the
higher work of Masonry. There" was
an organ prelude, after which all the Sir
Knights, in full dreBs uniform except the
doublet, arose and sang a hymn written
for the conclave, after which the grand
commander ordered the Sir Knights to
their devotions, when the grand prelate
offered a prayer.
Then followed the chanting of the
Lord's prayer by the Temple choir, after
which the choir sang "God Is Our Hope
and Strength." Then there was given the
lesson from the Evangelist, the ' Sir
Knights kneeling during the reading.
This was followed by a prayer by the
grand prelate. The Doxology closed that
part of the ceremonies.
All the grand officers were present,- and
after the preliminary business the reports
of the grand officers were presented. In
his report the grand commander calls at
tention to the fact that at the triennial
-convention in Louisville last year he pre
sented the request of many Sir Knights
of California that the next gTand en
campment be held In San Francisco, and
that it was decided that it should be so
held, commencing on the first Tuesday in
September, 1904. He also called attention
to the fact that the room set apart as an
office for the grand recorder is totally
inadequate to the needs of the frater
nity.
Considerable time of the session was
taken up in the discussion of the work
to be done in the matter of the reception
and entertainment of those who shall be
representatives to the grand encampment
In 1904, and those who will acompany
them.
During the afternoon R. H. Lloyd, who
recently retired from the office of grand
master at the expiration of his three
year term, was presented with a diamond
set gold cross of his rank, voted him at
the grand encampment at Louisville. The
cross cost the sum of $1000.
The preliminary work done by the com
mittee to arrange a plan of action for the
reception and entertainment during the
twenty-ninth triennial conclave was con
sidered and adopted. Further action in
relation to this matter will be taken at
the session to-day.
In the evening Golden Gate Command
ery No. 16 conferred the Templar degree
in the presence of the members of the
grand commandery. and to-night Califor
nia Commandery No. 1' will confer the
Red Cross degree.
Officers for the ensuing term will be
chosen this morning.
Annual Session of State's
Grand Commandery
Opens.
... . . * ; '
Thousand Dollar Cross Pre
sented to Past Grand!; v
Master Lloyd.
Certain Clauses Are -to Be
Dropped Prom the Form,
of Confession. .
Impressive Services at St
Paul's Church Over Re
spected Woman.
Governor Is Surprised Because
Gunboat Machias Did
: Not Seize Launches.
Second Specialist to Be. Su m
irioned to Attend Her
¦ ¦ '.; % Majesty.
Young Adventurer, Made In
sane by r Hardship, Is
• V Returned.
Capture Him on the Mexican
Border With a Lot
of Valuables.
t ¦ ¦ ¦
Customs Inspectors Ar
rest Pawnbroker for
Smuggling.
Colombian Troops. Being
Sent to Bocas
del Toro.
No Improvement in the
Condition of Queen
I "Wilhelmina;
Naval Honors at Funeral
of Late Mrs. Louis
Second Winter Shipment
Comes Down From
the North.
Presbyterian Committee
to Submit Sixteen
Articles. "
REAR ADMIRALS
ACT AS ESCORTS
FIND JEWELRY
IN MONEY BELT
STEADY ADVANCE
OF THE LIBERALS
LINER CARRIES
GOLDEN CARGO
SUBJECTS PARY
FOR RECOVERY
SIR KNIGHTS
IN CONCLAVE
CREED REVISION
IS COMPLETED
THE SAN FKANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1902. C
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, April 17.— Licenses to
marry were issued to-day' to James, H.
Cooper, aged 21, .and'. Katherine. Donald,
20, both of San Francisco; 'Antonio Nunes,
'27}*and R6slef Rose; ' 18.- both ~ot Irvinfftoa.
Lectures on . Immigration!.
Miss: Jessica Peixotto delivered a lec
ture last night at the Temple •Emanu-El
on . Sutter street on ."Unrestricted Immi
gration." Miss .•: Peixotto presented -in a
thorough : manner the ' ill done ; the .United
States, by the privilege given to all classes
of foreigners, -enabling them to flood the
United States, .while they do nothing . for
the good of the : country.-, Quite .a number
were- present ";and - a^dl3cusslon- followed
¦thaHecture. l ** i -Vi H: * *• <¦> •:•-.:• .<¦.¦¦ j _,-..-.. ".,<¦.,. .. .
Morrisey to Take Vacation.
John Morrisey. resident: manager of
the Orpheum, will leave ; for ' St. ' Louis
next Sunday for a two weeks' vacation,
the first he has taken In eight years.
Mrs. Morrlsey accompanies -him, and
will spend several months visiting her
mother.
Dcdge Needs More Field Deputies,
9
Mellin's
Food, as" prepared,
contains sufficient
nourishment in a di-
gestible form to satisfy
a child and promote
his growth.
Pictures cf satisfied babies in our book.
Send for it.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
Raj BS J/fflr mm0mm Irs 9 ff^l3| ¦ #^« I %ASteamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Time Ball.
Branch Ilydrosr-phlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
April 17, 1902. = -
The 'lime Ball on the tower of the Ferry
oulldlng was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I.e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDL.EY.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
The': Police Committee of the Super
visors yesterday granted a permit to the
San Francisco Athletic Club for an ama
teur boxing exhibition on April 30.
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. 'The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
Biven- is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane ot reterence is me mean
ot the. lower low waters. . •
Gets Boxing Permit.
Edward Frisk, a Sacramento man who
is stopping with friends at 405 Second
street, was • "steered" to a "club" at 28
Seventh street. Frisk had previously con
.gratulated' himself upon . his ability to
play poker, but changed; his mind when
the bunko , men pocketed $230 he had
brought to this city and showed him the
street.- •¦ .-. • . N'y-2-,;--.-- ¦/
•. John Marnck, a farmer who halls from
Kansas, was walking in Golden Gate
Park when he observed a man pick up a
lock from a grass plat. Being inquisitive,
Marrick observed the finder examine the
lock and finally open it. Marrick was pos
itive he : cou.a repeat the • operation -sr>
much that he wagered $210 against $1000 in
notes which the stranger displayed. The
locks were switched and Marrick lost his
money. "
,^The bunk6 men i are audacious in their
methods, resorting to well-known games
which ,the average bunko man would not
attempt. The boldness of, the men.is.re
sponsible for their success. Yesterday
two cases were reported to the police and
but two days previous a stranger, from
San Diego had called at headquarters and
told how he had been relieved of a large
sum of money. • . , ¦ •
-Captain of Detectives aymour has .di
rected all : oX__hIs men to keep a sharp
watch for a gang of Eastern bunko men
who" have recently arrived in this .city
and who are .. already ¦ responsible for a
number of ''tricks." .
Old. "Lock" Trick Is Worked
¦ in Park on a Kansas:
Farmer. .
Audacious Crooks Claim
Attention of the
Authorities.
EASTERN BUNKO
MEN ARE HERE
UNITED STATES REVENUE CUTTER THAT CRASHED INTO HOWARD-STREET WHARF YESTERDAY MORN
ING, TEARING OFF HER BOWSPRIT AND CAUSING $1000 WORTH OF DAMAGE TO THE PROPERTY OF
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. ' • ->,
(TO SAIL. .
Steamer. , Destination. _ |Salls.| Pier.
_____________ ,_
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.|ll am|Pler 24
Acapuico... Panama & Way Ptsil- miFAlriS
April 1!». I . I , V.I .
Argo....... Ferndale & Eel Rlv| 5 pm'Pier - 2
Empire,. . . Coos Bay ; . 10 am Pier 13
Arcata. . . . : Coos Bay & Pt Orf d 12 m Pier 13
*.umta.... Humboldt .......... 12 ¦ m Pier 18
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena: ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu ..........' '1 pm Pier 7
Portland... Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 10
. April 2O... ;.- --... t ,..,
Mandalay.. Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
Phcenlx.... Mendocino City .... 12. m Pier 13
Spokane... San Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 0 amjPier 11
,j . • - . ¦ April _tl. |
San Pedro. : Humboldt - 2 pmjPler 2
Umatilla... huget Sound.Ports: U am|Pi«r u
{ April 22. I
Pomona... Humboldt 1 :30 pIPIer.' !>
S. Barbara. Seattle direct ..:... 5 pmlPler / 2
Lakme... ..[Astoria & Portland. . .....|Pler'- 2
North Fork Humboldt ......... 8 am Pier ¦ 2
¦ • • I April a:t. - - .-. - : -
.Rival...... Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm|Pler 2
China:...'.. China & Japan.. ..I 1 pmll'MSS -
G. Dollar..' Grays Harbor . ...|:4 pm|Pler - 2
Columbia.. Astoria &.' Portland ill anVPier 24
. . . ; ; '^-.April 24.. . -, | ' , , |.. ... - -
State Cal.; San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way rPts 0 am Pier 11
. '- ¦; . April 25/ v. : '
EersIeK... Golofnin -Bay-Teller Pier —
. April 26. ..
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
'Santa Ana. Seattle &¦ Tacoma :. "5 pm Pier S
... ¦ ¦ , .,-; , .April. 2.S.- - . < . ¦¦ -..: v.' •-
San Jiian.. Panama &Way Pts 12- m PMSS
Sequoia..'.. Grays Harbor 5'pmPier' 2
» April 20. i
Newburs.. Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm|Pler 2
FROM SEATTLE.- - !
. '-.Bteamar. ¦ /. \ For. Sallt.
Dolphin . . :*.';'. Skagway '& Way ; Ports. Apr. . 19
CltyofTopekf Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Farallon Skagway & Way . Ports. Apr. 20
•Nome City.". . Nome direct '. .......... Apr.- 21
Al-Kl ........ Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 2:1
1 Jeanie..... .. Nome' direct.. .Apr. 24
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. 24
IKxrelsldr.'. .". Cooks -Inlet" fe Vyav fts.tApr. _R
Dlrlgo.'. ... .'.' Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. '27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. [Apr. 20
Cottage City. Skagway & -Way | Ports.tApr.^ 30
Sun, Moon ; and v Tide.
¦ United > States • Coast and ¦ Geodetic '¦ Survey — j
Times and Heights * of -High and -Low
Waters at Fort Point, -^'entrance . to San
". Francisco Bay. <. Published' by official au
. thorltyof the Superintendent. ,
; NOTE— The -. high \ and lew ¦ waters . occur at
the ."city front ¦¦ (Mission-street >V wharf) about
twenty-tlve. minutes, later than at Fort Point;'
the height ; of , tide is . same • at both : placen. •
¦ ¦ .' FRIDAY. -APRIL . 18. ¦ ..-. . 7
Sun rises ¦'. . .'. : . . ..... . . . . . .'/..". 1 ......... ..5 :30
Sun ; sets ¦ rvYf . .'. . .•. r. . . ; :r. :..'. .:. .;.".. .; ....6:47
Moon : sets •'.'.'.....'... . ... , . ...¦.;....:¦.*,:. , , .3:03
' D ; Time ¦"-¦ ».' Time * ••: Time - Time ' ¦ "
£ — Ft; Ft.' Ft Ft::
»; L:W :'J£Jiyi -,, , L,W V \. H W r;
18, 2:20 .. 1.9 8:31 ,- 4.7 *2:33 _. 1.1 0:13 ;6.5
19, 3:10 1.4 9:32 4.8 3:10 1.3 9:51 " ; 0.5
20 3:57 : 1.0 10:27 4.9 3 :5« 1.6 10:27 '5.3
2l r - 4:30 , 0.7 11:19 ,.4.1> 4:34 '1.0 11:01 -5.5
22 5:16 - 0.5 12:05 ;4.7 5:10 :¦ 2.2 11:34 ; 5.4
23' 5:55 . 0.2 12:52 '4.6 5:44 2.5 ..... .".*..;
'; HsW • I. W :'.'¦ . H-W ,:' L-sW -. .
2\- 0:03 :,5.3 ,6:3B ;- 0.2 11:39 :4.4 C:1I) 2.8
25.|:0:30!;0.1|.7:13|;0.3 2:25 4.3 6:55| 2.0
S'NOTE — In . the' above ' exposition ¦ of ; the •¦ tides ;
the early.- morning tides : are given > In ; the < left '
handt column '•¦ and s the- successive <, tides ?of « the
day < In I the order, of ; occurrence as to tl me ; the
lourth time. column gives. the last tide of- the 1
• ' . " . ¦ ¦ ¦ .. ¦ ¦-¦**'.-¦
thick; wind west, velocity .12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived April, 17— Stmr Aber
deen, from Astoria; stmr Santa Barbara, hence
April 14. . .
c SaI U d Al) ril . 17— Stmr Charles Nelson, for
San Francisco, rttyy , ¦ . ¦• -
¦¦SEATTLE- AcrlvW AdHI 17— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skagway; atmr Farallon,»from Skagway;
stmr Roanoke, from Esiuimalt. ' • - ' ' «
_ Sailed April 17— Bark Kate Davenport, for
Nusharak.
'Arrived April 13— Stmr ' Eureka, hence
April i:{. . ¦ > ¦ •
. ¦ PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 16— Schr
J M Couman, from San Pedro, for Ballard. *,
Passed in April 17 — Stmr Eureka, hence
April 13, for Seattle.
Sailed April 17 — Br bark Glenmark, for Liv
erpool.
• PORT KENYON— Arrived April 1C— Stmr
Argo, hence April 14.-. , . •¦ •
COOS BAY— Sailed April 16— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
Arrived April 17— Schr Chas EFalk, hence
April 0. > ¦ • . .
NEAH ¦ BAY— Passed out April 17— Stmr-
Bertha, for Valdez; Br ship King George, from
Port Blakeley, for Iquique. '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 17— Stmr Chas
Nelson,-, from Redondo: : stmr Santa Barbara,
from Redondo: stmr Aberdeen, from Redondo. -
Sailed Anrll 17 — Schr Serena Thayer. for
Eureka; stmr Del Norte, for San . Francisco ;'
stmr Chas Nelson, I for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 17— Schr Barbara
Hernster. hence April 15.- - \
PORTLAND— Arrived April 17— Stmr Chlco.
from San. Francisco; stmr. Iaqua, from San
Francisco.
• Sailed ' April 17 — Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco; stmr Lakme, for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived April 17 — Stmr Santa
Ana, hence April 12. - . -,- -
Sailed April 17— Stmr City of Puebla. for
San Francisco; atmr Cottage City, for. Alaska;
Br HhiD Belford. for Liverpool. -
FORT BRAGG— Arrived - Anrir 17 — Stmr Ce-
Ha, hence > April 15. . .
Sailed April 17 — Stmr Samoa, for Caspar. •
WHATCOM— Sailed : April 17— Stmr • Melville
Dollar, .for San Francisco. • U»iSSt< " *
1 ' EASTERN PORT. •
NEW YORK— Arrived April 16— Stmr Neva
dan, to load for San' Francisco. ¦
: , .'."•¦' . FOREIGN PORTS. •• -' ¦ ' -
COLON— Sailed April 15— Stmr: Finance, for
New -.York. •¦ --'• .-¦. ¦ .- • • , -
Arrived ADril 13 — Stmr ' Orizaba,' from New
York.- : :. ,--.'.- ¦-.,- -. ..,.. .
HONGKONG— Sailed April 16— Br stmr Tar
tar, for Vancouver. - .- - ¦'
PENARTH — Sailed April ¦ .15— Ger bark
\V andsbek, ¦ for Santa Rosalia. .¦ ;
¦ SINGAPORE— Sailed , April 15— Br stmr
Ching Wo, for London; Br stmr Pak Ling, for
Liverpool.." --, •¦ ... -¦ .; ¦)•:¦:. -¦¦¦¦. , .
SHANGHAI— Arrived April' 15— Br stmr Hy
son,' for : Liverpool. ¦. -:¦ :- . :-• ¦ - V--"
1 LIZ ARD-^Pafsed April . IB — Br bark Princi
pality, hence Dec 24; 'for Queenstown.
_ SHANGHAI— Arrived April 17— Schr Fred J
Wood, from New- Whatcom. ' . . ;
: LONDON— Arrived • April . 17— Nor atrnr Pro
tector, . from Manila.* -; '>.*., .
' ;NEWCASTLE\ Aus— Arrived April 15— Ger
bark 'Al stem fer." from* Santa Rosalia.
. • QUEENSTQWN-r-ArrlvedAAoril-17— Fr bark
Edouard Detaille? hence Dec 10. • J •¦
- MO JI— Sailed.- April - 10 — Br 'stmr, Alsoa. for
San 'Francisco. . ' ¦-. . .
VALPARAISO— Sailed' April , 17— Ger stmr
Hathor, for San Francisco. . '¦¦ -' -. . s
NANAIMO— Arrived April. 17^-Nor stnir
Titania,' hence April: 13. -¦<¦¦ ' ¦ ' ¦
-Sailed April 17 — Stmr .. Pleiades, for Sau
.Francisco. . ¦ . ; . . , . . ' -. . : ,
¦:• ¦¦.-« • OCEAN STEAMERS. :" '•> " -
NEW- , YORK— Sailed : April -17— Stmr La'
Champagne, • for -Havre; ¦ stmr ' Frledrlch der
Grocte, for/Bremen;; stmr Deutschlind. . for
Hamburr. '¦-.•¦- :¦¦¦¦-¦ '¦ '¦¦¦¦ • ¦- — • -.- -¦ '
' LEGHORN— Arrived April 14— Stmr Falls of
Keltie, from Seattle and Coronet," via - St Vin
cent.' • '"¦ ._¦¦¦¦.¦.-.. ' ¦- . ¦ . . . \ . .
-ANTWERP — Arrived April 16—Stmr^Neder
land, from Philadelphia ¦ '••: •¦'' •'¦:<
. PLYMOUTH— Arrived April 17— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from New York." for Cherbourg.
NAPLES— Arrived ,.- ADril 17— Stmr I Lahn.
from New' York,', for 'Genoa.' '-V - r :
• GLASGOW— Sailed April 16— Stmr ¦ Norwe
gian, for ¦ Boston. '•-..
: LIVF.RPOOL— Sailed April : 17— Stmr Paris
ian. . for -Montreal. ¦ ; .'.
-¦- QUEENSTOWN — Sailed ; Arrtt 17 — Stmr
Haver ford, for Philadelphia; stmr Oceanic, for
New. York; both . from' Liverpool. .* .
"Steamer. From. • | Due.
Phcenlx..... Mendocino City. |Apr. IS
San Pedro... Humboldt ! Apr. 13
Argo. Eel River Ports Apr. 18
Empire...... Coos Bay 7 Apr. la
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro Apr. 19
Rival Willapa Harbor..... ....| Apr. 10
North Fork.. Humboldt ..lApr. r»
Lakme....... Portland & Astoria.... [Apr. 10
Chehalls....'. Grays Harbor ...; "Apr. 19
Mackinaw.'.. Tacoma. ..JApr. 2J
Pomona...... Humboldt j Apr. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... I Apr. 2»
M. Dollar.... Hadlock & Whatcom... Apr. SO
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor ".:........ Apr. 21"
State of Cat.. San Diego & Way Pta.. Aj^r. 21
Sonoma...*... Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
F.t'.ith:: ."..... Seattle '..;;¦.'. ....'.. Apr. 21
Pleiades..... Seattle .-.'......:....;... Apr."2l
Eureka...-..'." Humboldt Apr. 22
Sta; Barbara. San Pedro .V Apr. 22
San Juan.... '[Panama & Way Ports.". Apr. '£1
Doric. China & Japan Apr. 22
City of Puebl IPuget Sound Ports Apr. 22
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma v Apr. 22
Argyll..... ..New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Spokane 'San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 24
¦Point Arena.. j Point 'Arena Apr. 21
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
<?. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria Apr.'. 23
Sequoia...... Grays Harbor...... Apr. 2."
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor ......... | Apr. 26
Australia.... Tahiti ... lApr. 2i
! Curacao..... Mexican Ports Apr. 27
' Queen Puget Sound Ports ...... Apr. 27
San Jose.. ... Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 2ft
Hnnta Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. [Apr. 29
Had a Rough Passage.
1 The British ship Harlech Castle arrived yej-
The British ship Levernbank. which arrived
off the port ten days aso ' for orders and : was
blown off shore before instructions were. sent
out to her. arrived off the - heads : again ' vea
terday and received orders to. proceed 'to 'Ta
coma. -. / ¦ !
Levernbank Shows Up.
The steamship Marioosa.and the .tow boat
Charles Counse'.man are being converted Into
oil burners. The Marlpoea when completeJ
will bf. placed r-n the Tahiti run. The Coun
eelman will be tak»n to Honolulu and used in
the interisiand trade.' ¦; . ..
Will Be Oil Burners.
Harbor Commissioner* Kllburn. - Kilpatrlck
and Mackenzie. " accompanied '; by the chief
wharfinger and chief engineer," made • a' tour of
the harbor yesterday under the guidance of
Henry Peterson, who carried the party in his
launch Sybil. All the - wharves under con
struction were visited and. the Santa Fe term
inal was Inspected. :
Commissioners Inspect Wharves.
The good old ship Kate Davenport has ended
her career as a windjammer and. will shortly
enter upon a new uphere of usefulness. She is
to be converted Into a floating . refrigerating
and store ship for use • at some cannery sta
tion in Alaska. The work of conversion will be
commenced at once. The Kate -.Davenport
was built at Bath, Me., over: thirty-six year3
ago. . . ¦¦ ¦
Kate Davenport's Conversion."
Stephen O. Jones,' frelsht clerk 'on the Pa
cific Mail steamship China, has . resigned his
position to accept a more remunerative billet
ashore. Jones is well known to the traveling
public and his resignation was accepted with
rezret, ai to his. uniform- courtesy, to passen
gers of high '. and low - degree much ¦¦ of the
China's popularity Is due. . Had he remained
lu the servlee he would/ probably have : been
given the position of purser on one of the new
boats. Jonea has better -prospects than that,
however, and has no ambition to be clerk of
a steam hotel.
Will Leave Mail Service.
- -- Thursday, April 17.-
Stmr Umatilla,. Cousins, 62 hours' from Vic-'
toria and* Pueet Sound ports. .-. .'¦* \
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, ; 24 ' hours from . Monte
rey and- way -Doits, v i ' • .. • - . ,
'-; Stmr Spokane; Alexander, 42 hours from San
Diego and, way ports. .... .
_¦ Svmr Arcata, , Nelson, , 41 . hours from , Coog
Bay./' ; ' '. • .>.>.¦>*- " ¦ ,. •'• ::. ¦ ' . -i
Stmr Eureka. . Jeasen. 24 hours from . Eureka.
. btmr Aztec, Trask, 4 days < from .Tacoma. ¦¦
¦ Stmr Noyo. Johnson. '38 hours from; Port
Los Angeles.- ,^:.'. .[ - . •. ¦¦ _,.,,-•
.. Ship Charmer, Slater, : 15 /days ¦ from Lady-
Froith. ¦ ¦ - - ¦ . . ¦ r . ¦- ,'.-¦ . ¦ t :".-..
. Br shlD ' Levernba'nk, Turner, 34 .days ' from
Santa Rosalia. ; arrived oH- this port and was
orJered to proceed to >. Tacoma. ' . . > •¦» v r -
Schr Ida A, Camabell, 4 . hours from Point
Rf'yes. • " . .:• ¦-¦ -. ¦ •. ¦ ..• , >-.¦¦¦ -;¦... .''.¦> ..,.
; ;¦ Schr Vega, Erratt. T.da'ys from: San'Pedrc
\;'-;'iW.ii t ~'---h-.... CLEARED. ";• . ;¦.;¦¦ - : ; ¦:.<¦¦:.
'¦>. Thursday,'; April 17.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwing.V Seattle- E T
Kruce. - .¦ ; .¦.:•• -.•'-., •.
Stmr Pomona, • Shea. Eureka;. Goodall, Per-'
kins & Co. .-."',.. \ ¦->. .i_ _ I . ,¦ ¦¦
Stmr. Rainier. ! : Hansen.". . Seattle; .; Pollard'
Steamship Co." ¦. •. — v.- . - . .¦ . • ,. , :
¦ Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Rallrcad . and ¦ Nav. Co. ' ; v .-- ¦.--. - ••
• Ger stmr-Nefco, Krausc, Hamburg and , way
ports, via Tacoma: J D Epreckels & BrOSvCo
Bktn Bering, Bltte, . PetropauloVEki ; : Roth'
Blum £; Co. " ' '" .. ' . ¦ \ ; - . »,
Bark Reaper, Ackerman. Bristol Bay; Alaska'
Packers' Assn. -*¦... . ¦ .
-.;¦¦«;¦.-•¦¦' SAILED:-' " ¦'¦ '••.. ¦.••/
•. ¦¦- '- ' Thursday'- Aprir 17. ,V
Stmr State of California;; Thomas,*' San Diego
' ' Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, Grays Harbor '
Stmr' Fulton, Levlnson, .¦ Fort Bragg
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka. .*>;' '¦
Ktmr, Pomona, Shea, Eureka. .¦
Stmr John S Kirn ball, Thwlng,' Seattle, r' r'
Stmr Crescent 'City, Payne, .Crescent Qity '
. Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort; Bragg. :
8tmr South : Coast. Jamleson, Albion 'River' '-
US stmr Sherman; Frazer, ', Manila. ; ¦; '
' . Ger stmr Neko, Krause, ; HamburK, ¦ via ¦ Ta
coma: '¦ ¦ •¦¦-.•¦ "- ; - - ,_, •,•".¦ -¦- ,,. :
. Ship Star of : France, Borgman.' Bristol Bay/:
Br- ship Fltcalrn Island, Manson, '-Queens
town. ->»«J39i»^M» WUWWIWi''ll'^ll''lll'li>flb^J,ri?<^S
Hark Euterpe, Swanson.'. Bristol : Bay. '.' '¦',
Barge. Santa Paula, ¦McGovern, Ventura, In
i tow tur Rescue. .- • .. . ..
i Schr. Lily. Nelson, Umcqua. ¦ '¦> ' ,
I Schr .Bender ¦ Bros/.'. Wetzel, /CoquIIle ¦ River. :;
' Schr Jennie" Thelin, .Hansen, Grays, Harbor.'
MISCELLANEOUS.',; . , ,'
' • Br stmr Lord' . Antrim,.- from - Montevideo
March , 29, >for — — .. put back: again . after re- ¦
pairing- steering -rear.:. • ¦ ¦, -. ;..-.¦•¦. : ,v :
TELEGRAPHIC. •• -
POINT LOBOS, April 17, i 10 p m— Weather
'"' •'¦¦'¦ - ' '¦' ¦ ' " - ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
William Bartlett. suffering cither from in
sanity or delirium tremens, the Harbor Hospi
tal attendants do not know which, made a de
termined attempt to drown himself yesterday
by jumplnz into the bay from Mission-street
•wharf. He refused to take hold of a line throv.-n
to him and would have drowned If a deck jiand
on the General Frisble had not lowered h«n.
self into the bay and lassoed the would-be
suicide. The rescuer '' then took a-couole of
turns with the line around Bartletfs waist anJ
despite his struggles and ' verbal objections
he was pulled out of the water and sent to
the Harbor Hospital. He had jumped into the
bay. he said, ' to. prevent his enemies -from
burning him at - the stake. ¦ . Bartlett . made * a
similar attempt to end his life a few weeks
ago.- '?*<£ ¦--, -¦¦¦ *-.>'. '! ¦ ¦• . -
Objected to the Rescue.
The steamship Umatilla arrived yesterday
from Pucet Sound with a large cargo and a
full passenger list. The ocean was like a mill
pond throughout the trip and Captain Cousins
says he never made the trip under more per
fect climatic conditions. In view of the opium
smuggling scare in which the City of Puebla
was supposed to have figured, an extra force
of Custom-house Inspectors was on hand and
every niece cf passengers' baggage was suo
mltted to a thorough overhauling. After the
passengers landed, a. force of searchers went
aboard the vessel and ransacked every corner.
The steamship will be closely guarded during
her stay In. port.- ....
Inspectors Search Umatilla.
2JJ17 bbls flour, 52,400 lbs salt, 5160 lbs lard,
400 lbs coffee, 067 lbs sugar. 45,110 lbs bread,
HSOO lbs ham and bacon, 2063 lbs nuts, 4000 lbs
dried fruit, 55 bxs raisins, 278 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 40 bbls beef and pork, 1SC0 lbs
butter, 254 lbs cheese, 41 pkgs • potatoes and
onions, 29 cs eggs, 50 bxs paste, 675 cs canned
goods. 4 cs 1077 gals wine, 224 gals 3 cs liquors
o cs brandy, 3 pkgs beer, 47,490 ft lumber. 448
bdls shingles. 900 bdls shocks, 22 pigs 2100 lbs
lead, 20 pigsf'tin, 500 bxs tin plate, 105 collj
rope, 10 bbls tar, 14 bdls oars, 191 pkgs paints
and oils, 3950 gals coal oil, 550 "gals benzine,
88 bales twine, 347 pkgs hardware,- 316 lbs
beans, 67 cs window glass, 5 cs champagne 28
cs arms, and ammunition, 18 pkgs. furniture 9
kess nails. 41 pkgs boofs and shoes, 15 bales
hays 404 lbs tobacco, 23 bdls brooms. 21 ¦ tins
matches. 47 pkgs dry goods, -50 bxs fresh fruit.
The Russian bark Bering v/as cleared yes
terday for Petropaulovsky, Siberia,' with an as
sorted merchandise cargo valued at '$40,157.
The principal , exports ' were as follows: ¦'..
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The German steamship Neko cleared yester
day for Hamburg, via Tacoma. She will re
turn here before proceeding to Hamburg, but
had to clear as above on account of having
Hamburg cargo : on board.
The steamships Alameda and Portland both
sail at 2 o'clock to-morrow, the Alameda for
Honolulu and the Portland for Nome.
Captain McArthur has been placed in com
mand of the ship Spartan and Captain Hansen
is now skipper of the schooner Sacramento. I
The schooner J. M. Colman has arrived at
Port Townsend with her rudder stock twisted
and gudgeons firone. she will have to be placed
on the drydock. *""
The Russian barkentlne Bering cleared yes
terday for Petropaulnvskl.
Water Front Notes.
The British bark Pitcairn Island sailed yes
terday for Queenstown and the ship Star of
France sailed for Bristol Bay.
The transport Sherman did not pass out of
the harbor until 10 o'clock yesterday morning.
The Thetis had just come off the dry
dock. She has undergone an extensive
overhauling and was almost ready to
start on her northern cruise. She was
going to Howard-street wharf for coal.
She came down on a strong ebb tide and
had considerable headway on her own
account when the smashup occurred. The
intention of the navigator was to run the
cutter alongside the dock. The tide and
defective steering .apparatus conspired to
frustrate this design. Instead of gliding
gracefully into her berth the Thetis
struck the dock head on. She poked her
bowsprit through the shed and ripped a
big hole in the wharf. The Thetis was
constructed to break ice and the wooden
pier was like so much paper under her
hardwood snout. She was backed into
the stream and steamed her way to Oak
land Creek, where repairs will be effected.
The damage done to the pier has not been
estimated exactly, but will be over $1000.
The cutter lost her bowsprit and figure
head, had her bow crushed and strained
and lost her fore top-gallant mast, which
toppled down when she hit the wharf.
THE United States • revenue cutter
Thetis crashed into Howard
street wharf yesterday morning,
knocked about $1000 worth of
State property into' smithereens,
tore off her bowsprit, smashed her figure
'< head and generally turned her prow into
a close imitation of the French bark Max
after her collision with the Walla Walla.
Reinsurance Rates.
Reinsurance on the British ship Red Rock
was' yesterday advanced to 30 per cent. ' T*i«
Sam Skolfleld II and the Mahukona were "also
raised to 30 per cent and the rate on the H. F.
GUde, Yosemite and Tweedsdale went ud to
25 per cent. • ¦ •
terday at Queens town very much the worse
for encounters with a series of heavy tales.
She had lost several sails and her cargo had
shifted. ¦ . .•¦-..
Even when Judge Sloss hands down his
decision the fight for the office will by no
means be settled. The present actior
is merely brought by McComb to force
Fredrick to give up the records of the
Clerk's office. Should the court decide
that McComb is entitled to the docu
ments there would be nothing to prevent
Fredrick from opening up a "branch
office," such as is now conducted by Mc-
Comb, and thus continuing the present
ridiculous and confusing situation. After
the present "summary proceeding Is set
tled the case will then come up for trial
on its real merits, and it will then be
decided who is the de jure officer. Judge
Sloss will announce his decision next
week.
Samuels Makes Argnment.
Attorney Samuels devoted the time al
lowed him for answer to prove the Mayo
has not an unlimited veto power over all
the bills and resolutions passed by the Su
pervisors. He read provisions from the
charter granting powers to the Super
visors, contending that it was most ab
surd that the Mayor should have author
ity to prohibit the exercise of these pow
ers by the use of his veto. For instance
he said that the charter allowed the Su
pervisors to call upon the Board of Pub
lic Works for information, and declared
that it would be worse than foolish to
argue that the Mayor had the right to
forbid them to do so.
If the Justices have not the power to
appoint a Chief Clerk the office still re
mains and the Mayor, under his right
to fill vacancies, has the right to make
the appointment.
The consolidation act was superseded
by the charter, and Its provisions relat
ing to the election of a Clerk by the Jus
tices is supplanted by the present or
ganic law of the city.
Fredrick is the de facto officer right
fully in possession under an appointment
by the Mayor to fill the vacancy caused
by the suspension and resignation of "Wil
liams. The charter of the city provides
that the Mayor shall fill vacancies.
He cannot maintain this proceeding, as
it involves a determination of title, and
his title is on its face not free from sub
.^tiintial ,doubt_ This imperfection of his
title was caused by the Mayor's veto
end the- failure on his part to file the
requisite bond.
McComb cannot recover, under the law,
by proving a weakness in Fredrick's
title.
McComb has no legal title to the of
riee, first, because or the Mayor's veto
of his appointment, and, trecond. because
of his failure to file a bond as required
by the State law and the charter.
He is not the actual incumbent, be
cause he has not a complete legal title
lor the reasons stated above.
In submitting his case to the court. At
torney Ruef summed up his points as
follows:
Ruef Sums Up Case.
When the court convened in the morn
ing Attorney Ruef proceeded with his
presentation of Fredrick's case, advanc
ing the same line of argument as on the
preceding day. His time was devoted to
proving that the Mayor had ample right
to veto the resolution of the Supervisors
conferring on McComb the Chief Clerk's
iranchise, and also proving that under
the conditions then existing Mayor
Sohmitz had the right to appoint Fred
rick. Attorney Ruef made, a very strung
argument, ana fortified ail his points by
quoting precedents.
He contended that even if the Justices
had net the necessary pawcr to elect a
Chief Clerk, and even if there is no
jTovisIon m the charter rer,-arding the
rilling of a vacancy in that position, the
ottiee "itself is not necessarily abolished.
He declared that it was evident that if
there was no stipulation In the charter
as vo how the omce should be filled the
ijower of appointment rested with the
Mayor. On this point the charter pro
vides that all vacancies not otherwise
provided for shall be filled by the
Mayor.
Argument in the suit brought by George
McComb to recover from Powel Fredrick
the records of the Justices' Clerk was
concluded yesterday, and the case sub
mitted to the court for decision. In tak
ing the question at issue under adv'ise
inent, Judge Sloss, before whom the
case was argued, stated that he consid
ered himself bound by- the decision that
had been previously rendered by himself
and two of his colleagues, to the effect
that Mayor Schmitz's appointment of
Fredrick was illegal. He further stated
'hat he considered there are but two
points involved in the present action
first, whether the Mayor's veto of the
appointment of McComb is sustained by
the charter, and whether McComb's fail
ure to- • properly file his bond, rejected
as it was by Mayor Schmitz, destroyed
Ills claim to the office of Chief Clerk.
Has Not Unlimited
Veto Power.
Samuels Argues That Mayor
Sloss Is to Decide Who
Is to Have Clerk's
Records.
M'COMB'S SUIT
IS SUBMITTED
10
THE SAN FBA.NGISCO CALL, APRIL 18, 1902~ ;
Revenue Gutter Trie's to Land at rHowkrd Street^ -but Ebb Tide
and Defective Steering Apparatus Cause a Bad Accident
THETIS CRASHES INTO A WHARF
WITH DIRE RESULT TO HER BOWS
y ADVERTISEMENTS. p
HOW IS '
|C \/f\l I or anv one ' n your family are
llV . I ''U suffering from any form of
Stomach r Trouble, Liver Complaint, Constipa-
tion or Piles you can be quickly and thoroughly
cured by the new PROCTOR TREATMENT.
The most obstinate cases rapidly yield to thin
modern and scientific method. A permanent
cure awaits ail' sufferers. Terms reasonable.
JEFFERSON SANITARIUM.
779 Cearv Street. San Francisco.
This is the only first-class medical Institu-
tion west of Chicago making - a specialty of
Stomach, Liver and Bowel Disorders. Piles and
Fistula. Thorough X-Ray - examination made
in all cases where Cancer, Appendicitis or Gall
Stones are suspected. Country correspondence
solicited. -
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
fjjg
Pennsylvania
Lines....
ON TICKETS TO NEW VOSK'
AND FIfiUDEtPHU
19 Days' Stopover
at Washington
. .May Be Enjoyed at no Increase in Fare.
In Addition to Above 10 Days'
Stop-Over at Philade'phia Is Also Allowed.
E. M. POMEROT. Acting Agent.
> ¦ ¦' ¦ 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
Santa Fe
Tpains-Daiiv
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local L.im'd Ovrl'd Local
. Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•' Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15al0..0p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vl!-alla.. 3:30 p 5:00>a
•• Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
"Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
"¦ Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
l):0i) a. ra. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carryinr Palace Sleeping Cars ¦ and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local flrst-claas passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
• 4 :20 p. m. ls Stockton, Merced and Fresco
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:oO
p. m.' dally.
8 p. in. is the ' Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; aleo
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno-.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. ls Bakersfleld • Local, stopping
at all. points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m.' dally.
Offices — G41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
| Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
, / LESSEES
SAN : -f'BANCISGO'- AN] M\\\ PACiFl.
{RAILWAY; COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SA\" FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:UO a. m.; 12:36,
3:30. .5:10, 6:30 p.' m. Thursdays-^-Extra
• trip at 11 :30 p.- m. " Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 arid 11:30' p. m. ¦ . .
SUNDATS— 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
; 5:00, 0:20 p. m. V: - -
SAN RAFAEL TO . SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:10,, 7:50. 0:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ¦ • • .
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10, 3:10,
-.5:05. '-C;25 p. m. . - . • . .- . . ¦ ¦
¦ u Leave" ' I In Effect I 1 ' ¦ f Arrive j.- ,.-
' San B>anclsco. |Apr. 28. l»0l|. San' Francisco.
Week I- Sun- .! I " I Sun- I Week
Days. I 'days. I Destination! days." | Days. -
7:30am S :00am No vato. |10 :40am 8:40am
: 3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma,- | (>:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35pm 6:20pmi
: " . • Fulton,
7:30am - -Windsor, • . ¦ 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
- •' • • Lytton,' ¦ -
- ¦ Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale,' 7:35pm 6:20pm
' 7:30am 6:00pm .Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:2Cpm
"7:30am 110:40am 10:_6am
8:00am Guernevllle. I 7:35pm
3:30pm 5-:00pm , | , C:20pm
7:30am 8:00aml Sonoma | 9:15am 8~40am
' .-J and | - -
5:10p!h 5:00pm|Glen Ellen, j 6:05pm 6:20pn\
r 7 :30am| 8 :00am| "~Tl~~ I ~iiO:40a'm|roT25am
3:30pm| 5 :00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
. • Stages connect al Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs*: at
Geyservllle. for j.Skaggs Springs;. at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport, and Bartlett!
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel; Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, .Upper Lake. . Pomo, - Potter Valley
John. Day' s. Riverside,. Llerley's, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs'
Mendocino City, Fort - Bragg, .Westport. Usal'
Willits, Laytonvllle. Cummins. Bell's 8prln_V
Harris, Oleen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka '.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.'.- _ '.> •- ..¦:
' :-; On - Sundays i round-trip tickets to : all Dolnt-
btyond San Rafael at half rates. w "¦
''_ VS? et : ot flce * ¦¦ 6B0 Market street. Chronicle
DUilalng. ' •*3n)-_BHMHnHBhnMMHt_r'
H. C. WHITING. . : R. X. RTAN.
' Gen. Manager. -Gen. Pass. Agt.
yaricoeele
_^^J A Painless
Ki__C / 5&8T^& The V JOSLEN"
|n^3 • ' \l treatment for Va-
V\T_Bl '•••'.•¦ <_— J - -.ncocele ls-paln-
T_>~rta. _5SraL» ' less. . If ls not ihe
«a-^^i*,#-^j»» 9M . ola-fashioned anrl
A vrajT^^S^W harsh process ot
k ¦^EU_»«w_f surgery, but the
J^^S*2S££&&? cure ls effected by
• t yV '-T*!* ¦' ¦/ >_¦'¦ niild and gentle
j/A^ v~ -'A nieasures. and the
f./W"., v_rA V Patient -need not'
, ' * / \^)~--fTrrf ¦¦ \ \ , be ' detained from
/ t \^\ Jyl '•r— * -. his " business ' -. a
'.\ Wf\ / single -day. ; 'My.
¦ fynJ cures s are abao-
n r to<5tW m r> •"*!»• thorough
0.^ C. JOSLEN. M. p., an^ j,. . permanent.
•The. Leading Specialist. . .- lh e . d 1 1 a t e d.
," """ ' ¦¦-.¦"¦• -. ¦.. knotted and twist-
ed .veins- are restored; to normal strength
'and; elasticity,' and ; the • processes of waste
' and repair are again- established. throughout
"the organs affected..;, The . tendency of Vari-
. cocele when neglected Is to constantly pro-
I eress,",', and v the . Importance of . a ¦ t horough
'cure cannot be too forcibly emphasised." ¦. ••
- ' I thoroughly cure every ailment; peculiar
, to men.' Consultation In. free at office or by.
mall. ..My pamphlet, "Live All Your Tears
a. Man, "..Is mailed free upon application. . -
DR^O. C. JOSLEN,
1 049 M ark et S t re et; ;
• Diagonally Opposite Hlbernla Bank.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
, Tralm lesve'and ars due to srrlf • at
»AN FRANCISCO. ¦
' (M-ln Lino, Foot of Market Street )
Ij.tk — Feox Mabch 3q 1902. — ---ITJ
7.C0a Benlcla, Sulsun, Uinlra and Sacra-
uento 6.55?
7.00- Vacuvllle. "Wlntern. Kumsey 7.55"
7.30a Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo.
Nitpn. Calistoga. Santa Kosa. 6 25*
8.00* Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing:.
. Mary«vllle, Orovllle..; 7.B5F
8-00- Atlantic Expres*— Ogdcn and Eaat. 3.23a
8.00a Nilcs, LJttbrop, Stuc-ton 7.25*
8.00* Mies, Mendota. Hanford. Vlsalla.
Portervllle .....: 4.55»
8.30a Shasta Express — Darts. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), "Willow*.
Ued Bluff, Portlsnd 7.65»
8.30a Sao Jose. LIverraore, Stockton.
¦ ¦. - lone, Sacramento, Placerville,
Marys-llle, Chlco. Red Bluff 425*
8.30* Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora.Tuolumno 4_5»
9.00a Vallejo '. 12.25*
9.00a Los Anpeles Express — Martlner. ¦
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton, Merced.
Fresno auU Los A-ireles 8-25*
I 9.30a Vallejo, Martinez autl Way Stations 7.65P
TIO.OOa Bayward. Mies aud Way Stations. 112-55*
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogdea,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5.25r
ti-OOr Sacramento River Steamers tii-OO*
3 00f Benlcia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landlns.
MarysTllle, Orv>llle 10-554
8-30r Hay ward, Mies and Way Stations.. 7.SS_>
4. 00p Martlnez.San Ramon, VulleJo.N'apa,
Callntuga. Sar.t» Rosa 9.25a
4 00p Nlles. Llvermorc, Siocktou. Lodl.. 1 2.25P
4 30p Hayward,NUen,San.Iose,LlTermore. t8.&5->
430? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare.
Ba.ersfleld, Sttuirns for Santa
¦ Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
B-OOr PortCosta,Trscy,Latbrop,Stockton 10.25a
B.OOp Martinez. Antlocn, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno ...;.......... 12-25P
t5.30r XUu- Local 7.25a
6. 00p llayward, Mies and Sun Jose 7.55a
t6.00? V_llejo_ 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall — Osdcn, Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis, Chicago 42Sr
7.00p San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Swtlons 11.25a
J7.00t Vallejo..... 755*
8-05r Oregon _; California Express— Sac-
racifnto, Marysvtlle, Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and ta»t. 8-55a
19.10p Hayward and Mies }11.65a
~ COAST LINE Oarrow Gange).
(Foot ut M.ir-et Street.)
8.15a Newark, Cent-rrlllc. San Jose,
Felton, BonlOer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5-50*
12-15r Kewark, Centervllle. San Jose.
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Crrclc. Santa Cruz and Principal
Wsy Stations 10.50a
4.15r Newark. San Jose. Lcs Gatos 13.50*
«9.30p Hunters' Trtln— San Jose and Way
Stations /... t7.20r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN VKAX CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 17:13 »:0O ll:OO_j«. 100 300 6.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:UO ±3:00
fS-.oa l»:0OA.ar. 1ZQQ 2.QQ 4.00 r.K.
COAST LINE (Broad Can^e).
. (Third and Townsend Streets.) ¦
6.10a San Jose and Wsy Stations 6.40a
7 00 a San Jose and Way Stations 18.00a
7.00a New Almaden..... /4.10-"
8 00* Con.«t Line Limited — San Jose,
GUroy. Salinas, San Lnls Oblapo.
Santa Bnrbara, Los '.n^elea and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-43*
9 00* San Jose. Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz.
*. o : ¦¦ Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Lnl*
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations..... 4.10y
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38*
11.30a Ban Jose and Way Stations 9.4Sa
t245r San Mateo, Kedwocd, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Del -Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove ft 0.45a
S-3&P San Jose and Way Stations 1.30*
t4.15P San Jose and PrlncipalWay Stations 5.J0*
4-BOf Sunset Llmltial— Monday, April 7th.
.;-;• - Utb, -1st. for Los Angeles. El
Paso.Xew Orleans and Hew York.
Last train leaves Sew Orlcant
April Hth 10.15*
t5.0l)r San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations. tS.OO*
6-30T San Jo<s£_*nd PrlncipalWay Stations 8.30*
6.30p San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7.00* New Orleans Express— Sun Luis
Obtspo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlntr. El Paso, New
Orleans and East. 11.30a
•11.45* San Jose and Way Stations.. 7. SQy
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. $ Sanday only.
_a Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Friday-.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasalito Ferry,
-¦-<-' Commencing September 2V, 1V01
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VA_LJ_Y
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:55, 8:30. «»:3O. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15.-5:15, *6:15, «:45 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:C0. 9:00, •10:00. »U:30 a. m..
•1:15, 3:13, M:45. 6:30. »:30 p. m.
Tr~tn3 marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FKOM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25, 6.27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a. m., M2:25. 2:15. *3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and 'Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. * -
- SUNDAYS — 6:15, »8:0O. *10:00. *11:4S a. m..
•1:40. *3:15, 4:45. *6:3O p. m.
* Trains -marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:35. 10:30
a. m.. 12:33. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13,
3:30, 5:00. 6 :4_ p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week, days — Cazadero and, way
stations.
1:45 p. mi Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
static na.
. 8 :00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and, way
station-.
Fairfax, . Sundays— 8:00. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30
a.m.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. '
k™-r Follow
slim the
And TraVel via ihe
WatoashLine
They have the" finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
ROSS C. CXJNE. P. C. P. Agt,, Los ___-
geles. Cal. . a-ff-fcaM
: C. S.CRAXE, O. P. Agt. St. Louis. Mo.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive *
San Fran. Foot of Market St, San Fran.
IS dSf «--»««.- l 4.^ Sun- Wet?
SBr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 K BARMY ST. EaUbllshed
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Dist>u*ea. l,mt ilanhood. Debility or
rtiwas* wearlnsf on hody ao<t mind and
Skin Diseases. The DoctorctirM when
others fall. - 'fry him. Charges low.
<'are*(ra-rnnlrrd. CallofwrtKt
Pr. 1. r. UIBUUN. sa»» Francisco, Cal.
, ADVEBTISEMEHTS. .
(2__^^!^_> P^f i©C/"_!
Beer is not of age until it has
been "on lager" for at least four
to six months. A capacity to
continually store 375,000 bar*
rels provides ample facilities
to properly age all brews of
Anheusei^BuschBrewingAss n
St. Louia, U. S. A.
"Brewers of the famous Budweiser. Michelob, Blac& Q Tan, Faust,
Pale-Lager. Anheuser*Standard. Export Pale and ___ Quialte.
-All orders promptly filled by
E. G. LYONS & BAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ TailorMadp ~^j§\
that have merit — ! &$&
that possess style; p 1*4
durability, s e r- v m
viceability and \rr ¦ g^rrry \
good tailoring, are Inr ! yfe \
the kind we make 11 T^ \4 <=^
for \| "1 \ h
One dollar |f\|
a week, .Jl.y
You need not
pay fancy prices for the best kind of
tailor-made suits. We. will make YOU
a suit on the easiest kind of terms, and
you may wear it while paying for it.
128 Ellis St. Above PorcI!
San Francisco
£_% WONG WOO,
IVf CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Ifr* f SANITARiUM.
764-66 ClaySt, S. F., CiL
%^5" : wf»V^ A LL DISEASESl.UKEO
*£Mt&£lmV \ -A cxdualrclr by C_ia.M*
fc*rbe. ever 2000 -a rle ties being ceed iloaj.
• :S0 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 8 and 7 to 9 p. in.
§IA/. X. HESS,
K0TU-T PUBLIC AHD ATTOaNET-AT-LXir. .
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreclcels Bldg.
Telephone Alain 083.
Residence. S21 California et., below PowelL
Residence Telephone, James 1501.
*__< elgn-.t-re is on every box of the genn—ta
Laxative Bromo^QuinineTabiet.
\&*$ remedy that ewes a cold In one ~_x» ,:*. CHICAGO, April 17.— Up to midday the trade
In wheat was an anxious effort to undo the errors
of yesterday/ The bears who plucked up cour
age to sell short heavily yesterday, and pressed
prices back changed front at the opening when
it, was* learned that the rains reported yesterday
were by no means sufficient for the needs of the
winter wheat crop.; CableR were lower at the
start and Northwestern farmers were [ reported
making better deliveries of wheat. 'The general
outlook,* however,' was decidedly bullish and at
the very start of the gong there was an exciting
rush to buy. ¦ May opened %c to %c higher at
73%c to 74%c and in' a very short -time was
rushfd to 75c. ¦ Here trade eased off a little' and
prices hung steady for some time at'a sllght're
cesslon." Such . a , bulge naturally .'.brought out
large quantities of long stuff for r good profits.
St. Louis was a very heavy, seller. '. Some of the
bears I found ' comfort In . the • fact f that « Kansas
City • prices had • widened ; out to 4%©5c 1 under
i Bran { and r Middlings < continue . firm. ' Hay ! Is
steady; {with 'ample • receipts. "£ Dealers say ; that
while , prospects i for. a* largelijrbp "continue i good
Hay land : Feedstuff s.
:. , FLOUR-^California' Family 'Extras, , $3 50®
3 75,. usual -terms; Bakers'. Extras,' $3 40®3 60;
Oregon,* $2 75@3 25, per* barrel > for /family and
$3®3 50 for Bakers';;; Washington Bakers*. $3
(S3 50. ' ¦;,-.- i .'• ':_., ;: - ;;, „ . .; .'- -¦
\'i M1LL.STUFFS — Prices ! in .. sacks .are as ' fol
lows," usual ! discount - to ' the : trade : ¦ ; Graham
Flour,' $3 per 100 lbs; -Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 . 76 ; Rice Flour, . $7 ; • Corn ; Meal, |3 25 ; i extra
cream do, 1 $4; Oat Qroats.JS 25; Hominy, $40
4 25; % Buckwheats, Flour.' $4 50®4 75: : Cracked
Wheat,"- $3 '50;. Farina. ,$4 50;' Whole 'Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), (7 35@9: In
sacks, $6 85(g:8 60; Pearl Barley, ' $5 50; . Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $0 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Miltstuffs.
Chicago Grain Market.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday to the effect that '¦ the 4 Police De
partment and Sheriff must 1 make requi
sition on the ' Board of Supervisors for
goods not Included In the annual schedule
of < supplies. The departments having the
right to order non-contract supplies in
dependently are the Board of Public
Works, as to materials for street repairs
and Improvements; Board of- Fire Com
missioners, Board of Election Commis
sioners, Board of Health, Board of Li
brary Trustees and Board of Park Com
mlssoners. v HfifiBBfBHnfHl ' ¦ ' - ¦"'•\,
A grand vaudeville entertainment " and
dance will, be given by" the Commercial
and HumboWt Evening, schools,' at Union
Square Hall on Saturday evening, April 19.
Fine Ualent has' been ; engaged" and' a
large attendance is expected, as the funds
raised will be donated toward the ex«
penses Incurred by the delegates of tho
California Debating League in their an
nual convention to be held April- 28.,. W.
E Trefts, LJle T. Jacks, Robert lAwler
and Edward 1 RHey have - the affair- in
charge. ¦
Contracts for Flood Building
Two building contracts were filed- In tha
ivecorder's office yesterday covering tho
stone and . steel work for the proposed
structure to be built by James L. : Flood
at Market and Eddy streets. The first
contract is made with J. D. McGllvary
and calls for Colusa sandstone. at a cost
of $260,000 and. the second to Oscar Daniels
for the erection ' of the . steel work ' for
$43,000. . . '-- , " ' ' . : "
Borland- Will Is Sustained;
The will of Sarah Borland, who died In
January of ' this year leaving an ' estate
worth $10,000 to the children of Thomas
J McCauley. an intimate friend, was sus
tained in Department; 9 of the Superior
Court yesterday. -The will waa contested
on the ground of undue Influence by th«
neDhews and 1 nieces of , the - deceased.
High Schools to Entertain,
- HIDES .'AND ' SKINS— Culls ; and brands » sell
about l%c under "' quotations, ...Heevy salted
Steers,ilO%c: medium, :9@9%c;- light, 8®8%c:
Cow; Hides, -9c for heavy and 8<8>8%c for light;
Stags, 6@6%c: Salted Kip, 8®8%c; Salted Veal,
9©0%c; Salted Calf,- 10c; Dry Hldes,.16c; Culls,
14c; vDry <i Kip. ;13c; Dry.- Calf.'- 18c;; Culls - and
Brands. 15c ; ¦ Sheepskins::'-, shearlings, -.: 20@a0u
each ; ; short 'Wool,' 35@60c I each: < medium/ 65®
, ".. Hop , dealers . report ! Increased ;, firmness i '_. In
these , goods,':. with a •' steady ; outgo : and : few • left
here. ¦' . Quotatlonsshow, a slight advance: •.Con
tractsVat I2%cforithe 1902 crop "are "reported.'
and • the ¦ crop is' said ¦ to be ; looking, well. - :
Hides, Tfilloib, Wool and Hops.
¦ CURED ¦ MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per • lb for
heavy >• 13c for light medium, . 14e for light,
15c for t extra light - and •. 15 %c for- sugar-cured ;
Eastern sugar-pured Hams, 14@14%c; California
Hams 13iB13%c; Mess -Beef., $9@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess,' $10@10 60; Family, $11Q!11 60;
prime ¦ Mess Pork, $10; extra Clear, $22 60<»23 ;
Mess $18 60@19; DrySalt Pork,. $11 50@12 60;
Pig Pork, $25: Pigs'. Feet, $4 75: Smoked Beef,
13%@14e per lb. • ¦ ' *
. v LARD — Tierces quoted at 8@8%c per • lb^for
compound' 7 and ll%c' f or < pure \i half ? barrels,
pure, ll%c;:10-lb ; tins, 12c; 5-lb' tins, H2l4e;
3-lbtlns, .12%c. ' v ;¦', ¦°--; / ,;;-' '-. :
;. COTTOLENE^ — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels '.10c; one -tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces,.9%c per.lb., - . . '. ¦ . • .,:
•Chicago. was, firmer on ths day. Hogs have
lately advanced there faster than their product
and are now worth: more alive than dead. ¦ ¦;•'
The' predicted advance In Hoy products has
pa rtially : taken'j placo. | j as I Hams -* are < -higher.
Some dealers" have also -announced an advance
of.%c in Bacon and Lard, but the lncreasc'ls
nat yet sufficiently general to warrant a posi
tive rise In the quotations.* ./;• -• . .- ¦ ¦/
Provisions,
Lead was steady and . unchanged^ here nt
$4 12% and . at London on the basis of £11
12S Cd. • * ' . .. , /r .
Spelter was firm at $4 45 here,. while London
prices were advanced 2s 6d to £17 17s 6d -
The New York Iron market ruled firm : a nd
unchanged. Plglron warrants were nominal
No. 1' foundry, Northern, $18@19; ¦ No. 1 founi
dry. Southern, $17 50@18; No. 1 foundry, South
ern, soft. $17 C0@18. The English market w«
firmer. Glasgow closing at 54s 7d and Middles?
boro at '49s Od. ; , ... • ..
¦¦ Copper was dull here, • with lake closine at
$12 25 and electrolytic and casting at $12
Standard was quiet, with sales of 25 tons July
at $11 25. spot closing at fll 15®ll 40 : and
June and July delivery at $11 IB and $11 25
At London copper closed unchanged, with «nnt
and futures at £52 17s 6d. ..--.¦. . . . ,....- v
. NEW YORK, April 17.— New York had a
good rise in tin prices owing to a strong mar
ket abroad and prices at the close were about
50 points higher, with. spot at $28 50029. Lon
don closed at-£l,ls;. higher, . with • SDOt at
£129 15s and -futures at £126 16s... .
New York: Metal Market.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK* April 17. — Southern Railway
tell comparatively Into the background to-day,
taking a place well down In the list of active
stocks. The etock was under pressure of real
izing all day, although it made some recovery
«.fter the official statement late in the day of
tbc absolute control exercised over Louisville
k and Naehvllle by J. P. Morgan. The somewhat
•QUivocal terms In which the Information has
been riven to the public regarding tne settle
ment of the Louisville dispute ana the emphatic
disclaimer by Southern Railway officials of any
Interest on the part of that road. In the settle
ment had left room for all sorts of rumors of
possible further complications which It was
thought desirable, apparently, to check. Louis
ville and Nashville stock also rallied strongly
to 2% over last nlgfct after the statement had
appeared. As a matter of fact, ex
treme animation and a broadening show of
strength were the feature* of the market, bear
' ing every resemblance to previous great bull
markets. The Irregularity Cue to active proflt
taklng going on side by side with new buying
was also in evidence, marking the diversion of
¦speculative profits from one group of stocks to
another. The coalers were the most conspicu
ously strong stock to-day, led by Reading,
¦which was dealt in on an enormous scale even
after allowing for the reckoning In half shares
or the par value of. $50. Reports were circu
lated that a secret agreement bad been reached
averting the possibility of a coal miners'
etrike. Heavy buying orders for the Readings
end Erles came from London and the impres
sion was conveyed that there were due to Mr.
Mbrgan's presence there.- The coalers all suf
fered from proflt-taklnjf toward the last, and
the leadership of the market was shifted to
Atchifcon, which rose suddenly to 84, followed
by Colorado Fuel and Louisville. The explana
tion of the buying of Atchison was not forth
coming, but the stock has not shared In the
recent advances among the grangers' and South
veaterns, which were all somewhat Affected by
realizing to-da>. Intertwined with these domi
nant movements -were many cross-currents
among minor stocks, some declining. . but all
' due to some Individual causes or to operation*
by epeculatlve pools. The reduction -of •• the
'Amalgamated Copper dividend which has been
looked forward to with apprehension for a long
time was totally Ignored and that stock. Itself
»¦»! run up after the announcement of the divi
dend to nearly a point above last night.* after
Ordering Non-Contract Goods.
EASTERN MARKETS.
HOTEL , ARRIVALS-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J B Elliott & w, Iowa- H H Jenness, Sausallto
Mrs Carter. Oakland r L Map & fam, N T
J O N"oble, Peru ' M L Hayne &. w, S D
M O Noble. . Peru .' L B Hayne, S Dakota
Mrs C L Berry, Cal - Miss Mary Hayne. S D
R L Dallas. Hlckman W Gerrans, Plymoutu
J A Dallas,. Hlckman J Gerth. 'N Dakota
C Cornet. Merced D Van W'ageman & w,
T E Duncan, MD, Pa Cal /
C Mandich, Los Ang F McDonald, Clnclnat
WJ Stack. Butte
Jg An Interesting report concerning new Apri
cota appears /in " the first column. Otherwise
thcrr is nothing new. . '. '
FRUITS— Apricots,^ 0®10c ; for \ Royals and
10@13c : for. / standard , to' fancy ; Moorparks;
Evaporated i/Apples,' -8@9c; sun-dried,'. 6c:
Peaches, 0Vi®814c: Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
5@6c; -unpltted, 1%®2%c; Nectarines, -5%®6c
for; red- and 5%®6c. for white; _flgs, 4%c for
black and 5%@6c forwhlte: •'->-.
1 PPIINES — 1901 ¦ crop' are quoted as ¦ follows:
30-40's. 614©6%c; 40-50's, 5@5V4c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%e;-C0-70's, 4@4Vic; 70-80's, 3%@3%c; 80
90's, 3@3Kc: 90-100's, 2%®2%c.per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, OH
: @7%c; Loose - Muscatels, «%c". for *-crownand
6%C for seedless; 3-crown,- 0c: 2-crown. 5%c:
Seedless ' Sultanas, ' 5%c for unbleached and ~@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa," $2 50: " Fancy, $1 50; London - Layers,
$1'25@135.: ''..-¦',. ¦ , • ¦ : - • -*¦¦ • _-¦•:.,-
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1; softshell/ll%c: No.
2. ~-6%@7%o; No. 1' hardshell; Oc; No. ;2;' 7e;
.Almonds. i 10%(Q'12c> for papersnell. 0®10c for
softshell and U@7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern ; ' Braill Nuts, - 12® 12 %c ; Filberts,
12«|12%c;'Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts,'$3 50(S5:
'.-• HONEY — Comb.-ll@12c for bright and 9011c
for light amber; water, white extracted, 6®
5V.c; light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27% ©20c per lb..
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
'¦• Informal. SewJlon— 9:15 o'clock— December—
20,000' Ctls, '$1 O8V4: 26,000. $1 08%; 14,000,
$1.08%. May— 2000,- $1 1114; «000,x$l 11%;
.4000, $1 11%. -.- t . r " .' vJ!>AV
Second Session — No sales. ; <¦ •
Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
$1 11%; 6000, $111%. December— 2000, $1 OsVi.
: Afternoon ¦¦ . Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 08%; 4000. :$1 08%: 18,000, $1 08%. : ..
. BARLEY — Dealers are complaining . of th«
extreme dullness of the market. The feeling is
weak and quotations are ; a fraction off.* ¦ ¦ .
- Feed, 95@90tfc for No. 1 and 02%@D3%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, »7%o
®$1; Chevalier, $1@1 20. . ¦¦>¦, ;
CALL'BOARD SALES. ,
Informal Session — 0:15 o'dock-^-No "sales. -'
Second Session — No sales." - ":
="¦ Regular Morning ¦ Session-^December— 10,000
ctls, 78%c.-; :-•;,..¦; ..,•¦.."¦."...;',¦ ¦
Afternoon Session — No sales. ' ¦ : ' . • .1 '•'.•
". OATS — The market ; continues very dull,' but
holders.are still firm.* < '¦ r- •¦
," Grays, $l'30@l- 40; whites, $1 30@l. 45; Sur
prise • $1 40@l 45; Wack, $1,12%@1 32%; red,
$1 300142% per ctl. '-'.'. :..¦¦;.?¦:. -.
( CORN — All descriptions are neglected. <>
Large Yellow, . $1 35@1 45; small round do
$1 85<g!l' 47%: white, $1-4001-60 per ctl. . '
RYE — Weak and dull at.90@95o per ctl.: ; .
' BUCKWHEAT— Quoted- at -, $1 C5@l 75 .,per
ctl.' .:.'¦¦ • •"- .;.'- ¦'•'.'-••!.' ' ¦ 1- ¦'¦¦¦'¦ : : ).--
CALL . BOARD SALES.
' ;.WHE AT— Liverpool was firmer, owing to, the
new import" duties, but Paris was weak. <
Chicago was unsettled, rising from 73%c to
75c and : falling back ; to 73%c : There were
more sellers than buyers at the advance. The
demand was active and offerings were quickly
absorbed. The . recent selling -.on . the rains
turned to buying: as I the • rains, • which were
reported 'general, turned out to be light anr!
scattering showers and the country, Is found to
b« altogether too dry for the good of the crop.
The decline was caused by St. .Louis selling
freely . on both : long and short ¦ account. ¦ The
Southwest bulls " also dumped • a , lot v of '. long-
Wheat. The- Cincinnati Price Current says
that the cool, weather is retarding instead of
starting the growth. Minneapolis stocks show
a decrease of 050,000 bushels and Duluth a
decrease of. 600, 000.. -
In this market both shipping Wheat and fu
tures were higher. . ' ' ' ' .
8pot Wheat — Shipping, $1 11%; milling,
$1 12%@1 15. per ctl.., •. . v ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
UNITED STATES BONDS/
. Bld.Ask.1 Bld.Ask.
*s qr. coup ...111% 112 Us qr c.(ne-w)139%139%
4s qr reg...lll%112 : |3 a qr coup.,109%110
; MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. « : .'.' ,
Ala A W Bs. 91%* — Oc SS Co 5s. — • 100
Bay CPC 5s.lO7%lQ8Vi Ombus C 6s. — \
Cal-st 5s.... 118 — eac G Im 4s. 66%100»i
C Costa 5s.:ilO% — ¦ Pk & C H 6s.lO7 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pfc & O R 6s,U7 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 120 Pwl-st'R 6s.'— • —
Oeary-st 5s .: — '¦" — 3ac EGR 6s ; 102% — "
H C&S"5%s.-'— — • SF'&SJV5s.l20%121%
Do 5s .... 96 '"t. Sierra Cal 6s.ll4%115Vi
L Ang R 5».118%119U 3 P of A 6s --.;¦¦¦
L A L Co 03.103 1C5 (1909) ... .113% — '.
Do gtd Gs. — (1910) ' ....114% — .
Do gta 5s.l02%104% S' P of C 6s< • -"- •
L A & P 5s.lO2% — (1005)Sr A.106% — '
Do lem 5s. 102% — (19Q0)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st;C 6s. — 130 ," (1D06) 1(»H100%
Do lem 5s.l21 121% a912) ...;119%121
N R of C 6s.ll2-%.— S P of C 1st -
-Do 5s ....121 - , — ;-c gntd 5s. .120 " —
N Pac -C 5s. 109% — .. "Do stmpd.111% —
N R Cal-6s.ll4U'— . SP Br Cal6s.l3», — ."-
Oak Gas 6s. '-^-114 r SV.Wst 6s.— '*mU:
Oak'Trn. 6s. 124 Do 4s 2dm. — 104
;• Do 1st C5s. — : 115% -Do 4s 3dm. — 102V1
Oak W G Ss.103 ¦> — , Stkn.rG&E6s.lO2 104
• : " ; ', -.' WATER STOCKS. '•', \
Contra c\>sta 77% 78^4 1 Port Costa... 63% 6«
Marln Co.... CO :— i Spring Val.. 02% 92%
• . '. GAS AND ELECTRIC. "
Cent L &.P. 2% — '¦ ;PaoLlght;.. 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% ¦" 3% Sac E GAR. — 35
Mutual ..... — 4y,|8.F G &. E. 42% 4H%
O G L &H. 58U 59%iS F G L Co. 6% 6
. Pac . G Imp. 36% .37 \ f Stktn G & E. 8 ' — ";•
.¦•;• ¦'.'". ; ' .INSURANCE, • ...
Flrem's Fnd.265 —1. . «•
,- . BANKS. . ' ' • • ';
Amer B & T.100 .— . First Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — ' 91' LP&'A....167 — '
California ..423 -427 Mer Ex (llq) 19% — -.
' Cal Safe Dp.119%121 ., S ,F Natlonl.140 ;- •'—'-£
." • SAVINGS ; BANKS. - ;
•Mutual Sav. 80 ,— v Sav & Loan. — 05
S S^F. 8av U..620 \ — Security Sav.330 375
German ...2000 — Union Trst. 1825 —
, Hutnboldt .. — . — '"'¦.,.-
: , ¦:'.;']¦ . STREET RAILROADS.
California ..167% 175.. I Market 100 —
•Geary--...."... — .^60 L I Presidio . ... S5. .-.,
:¦' powder. - ¦ ¦ \ ¦;
! Giant'. ..V... 79, 80 IVlgorlt ...... 3 .3%
SUGAR. / - - .
Hana....... 3% , 4 . Maka well „ 23. - 24^4
Hawaiian :. 1 33 — Kllauea '..'... — ' 9%
•Honokaa ...'10% — . Onomea-..:. 24% 27 •
Hutchinson : 11% 12 Paauhau ; v. . 11% ' i2?6
MISCELLANEOUS..*
.Alaska Pack. 162 — Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As.103 104'i Pac \ C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 100% 101 14 Par ' Paint. .: 19 —
, Oceanic S Co — 35 ¦
¦ Morning 'Session... -
¦ ¦ -'Board — 'jatfiftflEgBBiKBH!
•-••¦¦• 20 Makawell ............:........ 24 00
$5,000 Northern Railway of Cal 6s... 121 25 !
¦ -15 Oakland Gas, cash.'."."... ..¦;..... 58 50
' . . ' ; Afternoon Session.
'. '; '-"¦ Board— ; ¦ --•'
. : 10 Alaska : Packers'. Association. . .162 00
25 California Wine Association. . .101 00
140 Pacific Gas* Improvement. :.:."V 37 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.. .:.... 43 00
$10,000 Sierra Railway of Cal 6s....... 115 00
- • •• . Street — . - ¦¦ ¦¦: ¦ ..'. , --.- -¦
$7,000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5b. .102 50
Exchange and Bullion*
Sterling Exchange, CO days. .... — , $4 80
Sterling Cables, sight.. — "
Sterling Cables — 4 59%
New York Exchange, sight..... — • 15-
New York Exchange, telegraphic ' — , . 17Vi
Silver, per ounce....... .-' — . 53%
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... — .¦ 45%
Nevada — Fair Friday; fresh westerly wind*.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unset
tled weather Friday with tog in the morning
and at night; light southerly winds changing
to brisk westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
In the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys
the temperatures continue 10 degrees or more
above the normal. Along the coast of Cali
fornia the temperatures are from 2 to 0 de
grees colder than usual.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April 18:
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Friday with showers in northern portion;
light northerly winds changing to southerly;
brisk u-ester!y winds on the coaet with fog
Southern California — Cloudy Friday with foe
along the coa«t: light northerly winds changing
to brisk westerly. - ..."
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
coast of Washington and Oregon and slowly
along the co«u?t of California. Light rain is
falling from the Oregon line northward and
conditions are not favorable for settled fair
weather over Northern California on Friday.
Fog will probably prevail along the entir* coaet
cf CaJifornla.
Holders of evaporated "apples are •¦ firmer In
their views, although prices at 'the moment
are not quotably -higher, i State,' common to
good, 7@8%c; prime. 9@9%c; ctiolce / 9%®l(k'
fancy, 10%@llc. ; -7 '
- Prunes, ¦ easy. " • ¦• .
Peaches in pretty good demand and steady
Apricots rather firm, but not active.
PRUNES — 3%@6%c. V
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 11%@
l—7i;C. ¦' ¦ -
PEACHES— reeled. 14@18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK, April 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,777 barrels; exports, 1294. The market was
higher. on. top grades and generally firm, with
a fair trade. Minnesota patents, $3 KOtH; win
ter extras, $3 10@3 30; Minnesota bakers',
$2 9C@3 20; winter low grades,- $2 90@3 95.
WHEAT— Receipts, 134,550 bushels; exports,
45,704. Spot was firmer. No. 2 red, 86% c ele
vator and 88%c f. o. b. afloat; No.'. 1 Northern
Duluth. 84%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 hard Mani
toba. 87%c f. o. b. afloat. As rain did not
materialize in the Southwest to-day wheat
shorts developed a bad scare, advancing prices
%o per bushel. At noon, however, profits
were taken and a decline started that enlarged
during the afternoon Into a severe break, but
was followed -near the close by. a second ad
vance that left llnal prices l'i<y.l%c net higher
May, .79%@S0 3-lCc, closed -80%c; - July, 80®
SO%c, closed 80%c; September, 79% ©SO Vic
closed 80%c;. December, 80%® 81 %c, closed
HOPS— Firm. / : WS!kf : ¦
WOOL — Steady. • ¦
HIDES — Steady. . ' ' •- - .
'- COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 invoice
5 Vic; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points lower
Total sales, 43,1:50 bags,. Including: May*'
$4 9500; July, $5 15; September, $5 35- Octo
ber, $5 45; November, $5 50; December. $5 (JO-
February. $5 75; Mar*. $5 85. . ' *
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 2%c; cen
trifugal. 90 test, ti%c; molasses sugar 2%c
refined, steady. .... -, ' w '
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, j April 17. — Consols, 93% ; silver,
24%d; French rentes, ' lOOf 90c; cargoes V oh
passage, -quiet and steady;-- cargoes ¦ No.' :1
standard California, 29s 4%d; English countrr
markets, firm.. ¦
LIVERPOOL, April 17.— Wheat,' quiet; 1 No.
1 , standard California, 6s 2d; wheat In Paris:
weak: • flour • in Paris, weak; French country
markets, firm: weather In England, fine.
COTTON — Uplands, 5 l-32d. .
- The Union Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of $1 35 per share, amounting to $67,500,
payable immediately.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, April 17—2 p. m.
1 The Quicksilver Mining Company of Califor
nia has declared a dividend of. % of 1 per cent.
The last financial statement shows total as
sets of $03,961, consisting of $73,981 in cash and
quicksilver valued at $17,980,' with liabilities
of $4381, leaving a balance available for divi
dends of $88,680.- '•-.-¦
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Krancisco were received yester
day from " New York by Bolton, . de Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock,' $24@24 12%;. preferred,
$01 75; 4 per cent bonds. *D0 12%@S0 25; sub
scriptions, $101 75^101 87%.
At the recently held half-yearly general meet-
Ing of . the shareholders of the Toyo Kisen
Kalsha, . whose steamers run between this port,
Japan and China, a dividend at the rate of 12
per cent per annum, amounting to about $475,
000, was declared and $196,720 was carried for
ward, to the next account. ¦¦
' Business on the Oil Exchange was very good
all' day, and previous advances were main
tained. These stocks have shown much more
activity of late. . .--. ¦ ¦ -. ¦-, .- -. "- «
• The shares of the American Bank and Trust
Company have been listed on the Stock and
Bond Exchange, and are quoted below. ,
>'. Local stocks and bonds were extremely dull
on the morning session, sales being limited to
three companies. Oakland . Gas sold j up . to
$58 50, and there was a firmer feeling in the
sugar stocks.'
. In. -the afternoon Pacific Gas Improvement
was lower at $37.
NEW YORK. April 17. — Accordinsr to dls
patches to R. G. Dun & Co., the -outlook Is
encouraging for a larre. yield of winter wheat.
At mosf points the acreage Is equal to ' or
larger than last year and even in the few re
ports of "a . decreased area the loss Is put . at
only 10 per' cent, .while the most hopeful state
ments make the Increase 50 per cent. On the
.whole.. there, appears to have been little los*
durinsr the .winter ; . from , weather conditions,
although at few points the enow protection
was litht. ' Damate by insects is also lees
serious than a year ago. The least satisfactory
feature thus far is the lack of moisture, which
Is causing anxiety in a number - of States.
With averaee weather during the rest of the
season, however, there Is every reason to an
ticipate a 1 yield above the average and prob
ably fully equal to last year's crop. The lib
eral demand and good prices of the previous
season would naturally tend to -stimulate and
so reports of large acreage were to be ex
pected, but estimates of condition are more
sanguine than the Government report on'Apiil
1, which may be due to favorable weather dur
ing the last few weeks. - •
Sn?°? ," V ra-lSjDuluth
Pbiladelrhia €2-40 -)maha 5S-«
Jacksonville CS-56 : Chicago 54-4">
Washlngron eO-44!St. Louis CO-50
New? York 5S--10. Salt Lake Citjr...CS-4ti
Kansas City T.6-3SI - -
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANOB.
Morning Session. . •„• ¦
j Board— *
300 Aztec .....:.. 10O .
1500 California-Standard : ,2O>
1000 Four 83
100 Home ......" 3 70
200 Home j\... 8 65
1000 Independence ................... 07
1000 Petroleum Center, a 90. ....V 14
1000 Piedmont ...~ ..." 10
'2000 Piedmont ......:. 11.
1600 Reed Crude, b 30 84
1500 Reed Crude, b 15 34
1319 Sterling 1 60
100 Sterling 1 KiMS
1000 Sterling, s 30....- 1 55
600 Sterling, cash - 160
300 Sterling, b 90 - 1 67&>
strict—
100 Peerless ....,.V 07
' Afternoon Session-
Board — , •
2000 Lion, s 90 ..'..............* 07
160O Petroleum Center ................ 15
1000 Piedmont, s 90 09
.100 Twenty-eight .................... 1 47%"
MINING STOCKS.'.
The, following were the sales yesterday In the
Pacific Stock Exchange:
Morning Session.
600 Andes OS 800 Mexican ... 49
200 Best & B.. 26, 100 OpMr 130
400 Chollar 14 600 Savage 13
700 C C & Va..l 37% 600 Union Con.. 24
600 Gould &C 08 600 Union Con.. 25
Afternoon Session. *
200 Best & B.... 28 300 Gould & C. 08
300 Caledonia.. 41 200 Occidental . 12
300 Chollar .... 14 300 Ophlr 1 40
600 Chollar 13 200 Ophlr ..1 37#
200 C C & Va..l 37% 300 Union Con.. 25
150 C C & Va..l 35 I
The following were the sales yesterday In th»
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board:
Morning Session:
600 Caledonia . 42 600 Ophlr 130
300 Chollar .... 15 600 Overman . . 20
60 C C & Va.:l 35 200 Sierra Nev. 24»
800 Mexican ... 60 ICO Silver Hill.. 60
600 Occidental . 12 200. Union Con.. 25
Afternoon Session.
200 Best &B... 25 1400 Ophir 140
. 400 Caledonia . 42 100 Overman . . IS
100 Crown Point 08 600 Overman . • ¦ 17
300 Hale & Nor. 20 10O Potosi 28
200 Justice . . 07 200 Sierra ' Nev. 25
200 Mexican 51 700 Sierra Ner. 24
300 Occidental . 11 - 600 Union Con.. 25
650 Ophlr 1 35 100 Yel Jacket. 1 11 ¦ -
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY." April IT— 4 p. BH.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 0» Tustice ...... 07 OS
Alta 03 05 Kentuck — 01
Andes ..•.-.'.;. 04 05 Lady.Washtn — 04
Belcher ..... 08 10 Mexican 49 OO
Best & Belch. 25 2<i Dec Mental ... 10 12
Bullion ...... 02 03 Ophlr 135 140
Caledonia ... 40 41 Overman 17 IS
Challenge Con 15 18 PotosJ 24 25
"^hollar 13 14 Savage 12 14
Confidence ... 60 65 Scorpion — «>*
5C& Va....l 33 1 40 3eg Belcher.. 01 03
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nevada 24 23
Con N Y .... — 02 Silver Hill... 46 48
Crown Point.. 08 09 3t Louis..... 06 • —
Eureka Con.. 18 — 3yndlcate ... 06 —
Exchequer... — 01 Union Con.... 25 28
Gould & C... 08 09 Ctah W 05
Hale & Not.. 20 21 Tellow Jacket 11 12
lulla — 04 ¦¦ .
FLOW OF BIVERS.
Following Is a comparative statement of the
estimated flow of certain California rivers in
cubic feet per second, or second feet, one second
foot equaling 50 California miner's inches, or
about 40 Colorado miner" a inches. The flgurea
are from J. B. Lippincott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
TULE RIVER AT McFARLANDS BRIDGE.
" ~ Second Feet.
MONTH - -lioir ssr
March 30....: :....... 204
March 31 »»
April 1 • 273
April 2 238
April 3 249
April 4 286
April 5 298
April 6 "...'. 288
April 7
April 8. 9SO
April 9 - 685
April 10 6«0
April 11 515
April 12: ¦ 4.O
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
MONTH. — '¦
1901. 1902.
March 30 2034 1380
March 31. -2034 145O
April 1....V. ¦.-...-.. V.--...T.".. — 1930- -IMS-
April 2.....: 2034 154ft
April 3.. 2242 1450
April 4 1930 1*48
AprilS. 1834 154«
April 6 •• 1930 1546
April 7 1834 20,380
April 8 1738 6260
April 9 1642 3920
April 10. 1642 3440
April 11 . 1738 3120
April 12.. 2034 3280
TUOL0MNE RIVER AT LAGKAXGE.
Second Feet.
MONTH.
1001. 1902.
March 30 •.. 2090 1590.
March 31.. 2C90 1440
April 1 1907 1440
April 2 1747 1440
April 3 2907: 1300
April 4. 2497 144O
April 5 4. 1 2292. 1440
April 6 2292 3345.
April 7 2292 11.24O
Aprll8 2087 10.28O
April 9 1907 6090
April 10.... '. 1747 4610
April 11...... 1747 4075
April 12.:.. 2292 %S30
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLY3 FERItT.
Second Feet. \
March 30 12,200 14,300
March 31 12,200 14,300
April 1.. .......-..'. '11,000 14,600
April 2 :...'...... 10.700 14,900
April 3 13.400 16,700
April 4...:..: ..:.... 11.600 21.520
April 5 11.300 20,420
April US...: 12,500 21.8SO
April 7.. 11,900 54,070
April 8 11.000 50.020
April 9. ....;.; ... 10-.7O0 34.«50O-
April 10. 10,100 28,400 ¦¦
April 11 i ..." 10-400 28.000 ¦
April 12 ...;...... 10.100 22.600
CITRUS FRVITS— Navel Oranges. $1@1 75
for standard, $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50@3
for fancy; extra fancy. $3 25@3 40; Seedlings.
$12502; Mediterranean' ¦ Sweets, SI 50@2
for fancy and 75c©$l 35 for standard; Va
lenclas: $2 75@3; Malta Blood Orange?, $2
-@3; • Tangerines, In quarter boxes, 75c@*l
and ; $l 25@1 60 -in -half boxes; Lemons, ,75o4^
$1 ¦ for common and -$1 25@$1 75 for (rood .to
choice, and ?2©2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, ?1
@3, : including Reedless; Mexican Limes. $4 50@
5- Bananas, fl 75@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and' $1 50@2 for Hawalians; Pineapples,
?3@4 per dozen.: ¦¦;.'..
¦ APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice ] and COc@$l . for. or
dinary. . ' '.' y
The other .fruits showed no change,
. The demand - for Lemons - was rather slack
and the top quotation was lower. - Supplies of
all grades are sufficient 'for current needs.
The demand for Oranges continued brisk ' and
fancy stock sold readily at unchanged : prices.
Three cars are announced for to-day's auction."
¦ Longworth Strawberries met with ready sale
at 75c@$l per. drawer. . Receipts were 7 chests,
most of whlchi were from Palo Alto.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
, BUTTER— -Creamery, 10@20c, per pound, for
fancy,. lS@18%c for firsts and 17%c for sec
onds; dairy, lti@lSc; store Butter, 14@15cper
pound. ' . •-»- -. ;-
CHEESE — New. 9®10c; old, 9@llc;. Young
America, 1 «@lOc; Easterti, . 13ig;15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 14®lPc, with 16c for selected
large; store, 12%@14c per dozen.' ' . t •¦
Receipts were 65;5C0 pounds ' and ' 88 tubs of
Butter, 2167 cases ' of ¦ Eggs, 13,100. pounds of
California Cheese and N — — pounds of Eastern
Cheese.' ¦'¦ ,"•'¦'.:' ¦ - .
Eggs stand as before quoted. It. takes a fine,
large, selected Egg to bring 16c, but a few are
bringing it. Everything . else is quiet and in
liberal supply, and. the commission houses are
still compelled to resort to storing to take care
of the^ surplus. 'The; stock. Js" storage now ia
said .to be 21,000' cases, against 12,000 .at this
time last year, : and - the receipts this year are
also much larger tl n they were last year. , • -
.'There walB no further change In Butter yes
terday. dealer appeared In the mar
ket as a buyer to make up another car for tho
East. The . market continued-^ well". supplied,
and arrivals .were liberal: "; Packing for j the
fall trade has not yet commenced.'
- Cheese is. still quoted weak, with accumulat
ing stocks. . '• - ¦ •
Butter 'i Cheese and Eggs.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C. ; minimum. 47; mean, 52.
The following maximum and minimum tera
peratures were reported frcm Eastern stations:
FOR THURSDAY, April 17.
Flour, qr sks... 5,535 Middlings, sks.. 1,174
Wheat, ctls - .115 Shorts, sks::... ,100
Barley, ctls..... 11.4.45 Tallow, ctls 422
Oats, ctls....... 1,125 Pelts, bdls 255
Beans, sks > 855 [Hides, No...... " 170
Rye, sks 900 Quicksilver, flks. 38
Potatoes, sks... 2,611 Leather, rolls... 104
Bran, sks. 925 Wine, gals 43.800
'Feed, sks 130 Brandy, gals.... 3,600
Wool, bales..... - 657 Lime, bbls 273
Straw, tons....... " 10 Sugar,' ¦ ctls 773
Hay. tons 668, .-.-
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 816J Oats, ctls 800
Receipts- of Produce.
Last This Last '
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season
g^ti* • 0.04 46.64 44.58
Red B-uff o.OO 29.71 22 «iS
Sacramento 0.00 16.28 17. 5o
San Francisco 0.00 17.36 18 99
J >esn o 0.00 6.40 10.39
Independence 0.00 4.23 " S.til
tfar. Luis Obispo e.00 21.18 27. S7
Los Angeles 0.C0 10.44 14.18
San Diego o.OO 5.85 10. C6
WASHINGTON
TACOMA." April 17.— WHEAT— Half a cent
higher; bluestem,' 66c; club, 65c. '
5 PORTLAND, April 17.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, C4%@65c; bluestem, C6@60%c; valley,
65c. .-,: ; , " ¦ r ¦' .'¦¦-.
OREGON
'Northern Wheat .Market.
NEW YORK, April 17.— rThe cotton market
closed steady, unchanged to 2 points lower. . j
New York Cotton Market.
¦ . : ' .; ; ST. JOSEPH." m
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 17.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1100. Steady. Natives, $5 50@7 10;
cows and heifers, $2 50@0 60: - veals, $3 5O<^
6;' stockers and feeders, $2t/5 25.
HOGS^-Receipts, 73C0. Steady. Linht and
light mixed. $(> 75@7 25; medium and heavy,
$7 05@7 30; pigs, $4 75®6 25.
• SHEEP— Receipts, 1100. Steady. Western
lambs,. $6@6 85; Western sheep, $4 50@C. •
CHICAGO. ADril 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6500.. Weak and 10c lower!,' Good to prime
steers, $0 75®7 25; poor . to - medium, ¦ $4 C5£
5 CO; stockers and 'feeders, $2 50@5 25; cows,'
?1 . 50@5 75: heifers, $2 50@G 25i,canners, fl 50
©2 50; bulls. $2 50@5 60; calves,'. $2 50@5 50;
Texas fed steers. $4- 25©6 25. - .-. -T ¦-..;.->
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 23,000:. 'to-morrow.
20,000; left over, * 7500. ,¦ Steady and strong.
Mixed and butchers': $6 80@7 60; good to
choice heavy. $7 25®7 40: rough heavy, $6 00&
7 15; light, $6 75@7; bulk. $6 95@7 20.
. SHEEP— Receipts, 13,000. Steady. \Lambs,"
strong, 10c •' higher. ' Gooa .- to choice wethers,
f5 2o<?6; fair , to choice mlxed^ .$4 76g5 40;
Western sheep, . $4 75@d; native lambs," $4 75
©6 S5; Western Iambs, $5 50©0 00. '..)
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
as compared with those of same date
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
020th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 17 — 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
- WASHINGTON, April 17.— To-day'a state ¦
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the' $150,000,000 *pld re
serve In the division of redemDtlon. shows:
Available cash balances, $178,422,010; .gold,
>92,0SD,445. . . . - .
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. April 17.— Money on call was
steady at 3%@5% per. cent; 'closing bid and
asked... 5% .per cent; .prime mercantile paper,
4%©5% per cent; sterling exchange was steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
for demand and $4 85% for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 86 and (4 88%: commercial bills,
$4 84% and $4 85%; bar silver, 52%c; Mexican
dollars,'- 42%c; bonds — Government, irregular;
State, firm ; railroad, ¦ irregular.
New York Money Market.
GAME— Hare, ' 75c@*l; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for Cottontails and $1 fbr Brush; Gray Geese.
$150; ,Whlte Geese. 50c; Brant: '75c<@$l 25 per
dozen; Honkers, ?3; English Snipe, $2 50@3;
Jack Snipe, $1 60.
r POULTRY— Live Turkeys, . 13@14c for Gob
blers and' 15@lCc for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$1 5001-75; Gosllnfrs, $2 25@2 50; I Ducks. $4 50
@5'for,old and$7©S.for, young; Hens: $4 50®
5 60; young Roosters. $6 50@7 60; old Roosters,
$4 50^5 - F;ryers, . $5@0; ' Broilers, $4 r>0@5 for
large and : $2@:l for small ; Pigeons, %\. 50®l .75
per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs. .¦
•".Thousual quantity of Game was received and
prices; were unchanged. Geese were very dull
and some had to be dumped. • '<¦"¦ .... ; . . ¦¦
'¦'. No more' Eastern Poultry was received, , but
supplies of .Callforolan. were : moire- than suffi
cient . for/requirements. . Most descriptions . of
chickens - were dull, especially .small stock.
Large Broilers, and - old • Roosters were quoted
SOc higher. -. . ' •' . • ] ¦. • • '.'- ;%*; fC. - ,• . R . ; - •.
Poultry and Game.
LIVERPOOL:* ''¦ ¦ " ; '."?,..-
Wheat— May. % July.
Opening . 6 % '6 UMi'
Closing 61 . B~^l%
PARIS. ' ¦ . :,.
Wheat — " " April. Sept-Dec
Opening ...' ....:....;. 22 25\ > • 20 50 |
Closing .......: 22 40 ' 2060
• Flour — | .. :••/..-- . • /. ¦ ,. ¦
Opening ; 26 05 26 55
Closltig .....: .27 10 .'. 26 70"
Amerlran • stocks were - brisk and cheerful.
Southern Railway and Louisville and . Nash
ville were flat and the Interest shifted to the
coalers, with Erie, Ontario and Western and
Reading strong. New York sold the last
named stock at the openlne and then turned
and bought. In the street the close was buoy
ant, notably Atchison and United States Steel.
Canadian Pacific was very strong. Money was
very active on the consols subscription. T'le
market borrowed £5,000,000. Paris Is bidding
77s lT&d for gold, but It is doubtful whether
it will succeed at that price. Silver la flat on
New York's . free sales, with no sign of an
early turn.
NEW YORK. A^ril 17.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London . financial cablecram . say3 :
Stock market activity was greatly reduced.to
day by a reported hitch, in the peace . nego
tiations. Interest centers in the new , consol
issue. ' It is understood that the Issue has been
applied for twenty times over. ~ . ''¦ \
London Market.
Articles — ¦ • ¦ ' ¦* "'•; . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....31.000 "",-.•71,000
Wheat bushels .........' 87.000 ' 38.000
Corn, bushels ........... T 44,000 . .-" .92,000
Oats, bushels :.'.-... ....lOO.OOOV . 123.000
Rye. bushels :...;....... 10,000. . - 8,000
Barley, bushels ....'.:...¦• 11,000 .¦> r -4.000
.Or. the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market firm. ; Creameries. . 2flifS31c. Dairies.' 25
<&29«. Cheese, steady,':. 12@13c. T. Eggs, firm;
fr«h, 15Hc. ';.,*\- >'-,';• -.:";-.-. .'.'¦¦-.- V •:.";•,;
"New crop apricots are offered .by a broker
here on the basis of 7%c f. o. b. the coast la
bags" for choice Royals, July shipment. There
Is little Interest taken in the offering In dried
fruit circles her*. The opinion is expressed In
responsible quarter* that. In view of th.e un
certain prospects, there will be few buyers
willing to taXe the risk at the values men
tioned. -At the present time,' said a well
known coast dried fruit dealer to-day, the
prospects are favorable for a good output, and
at 7%c t. o. b. for choice Royals, from a eell
er t- point of view, there may be a rood specu
lation. The prospects, however, are not cer
tain. Danger to the crop from frost Is not
passed until after the middle of Ihe present
month. Should frost damage result, the fruit
at 7%c may be a g-ood buy. It is a matter
of speculation, looking at it from either side,
and I do not imagine a very large business
could be dene at the figures mentioned. Buy
ers. I think, would be willing to pay 6c per
pound f. o. b. and at that figure a large quan
tity might be sold on the coast. Last year
the opening price on choice Royals was from 8e
to S^c, but prices were not made until aft?r
eomet.hij.jr definite about ihe crop was known.
Belling .of futures eo far ahead is- not good
business policy." " • -
Mall advices from New York say
Kezi' Dried Apricots in New York.
m THE COAST RECORD.
i g .. k 2. "¦."»¦ -. «3
i , f-'i 55" 11 ==2. . «e
ETATIOXS. _ I j c J |. f £ f5 ' J .
? ¦ j. S : o - 7 .- a
: = c. : " .; <.v
: f ? : :;•- j
Astoria 30.C2 CO 46 SW Cloudy .02
Baker 29.96 06 SS XW, Cloudy .00
Carson 29.96 CS 36 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.10 56 50 W Pt Cldy .04
Fresno 29.92 82 52 NW Pt Cldy .00
FlagEtafl* 29.80 68 2S W Clear - .00
Pocatello. Ida.28.94 t»6 48 W Pt Cldy .00
Independence 2».84 80 E2 FE Clear .00
Los Angeies. .23.S4 66 50 W Cloudy .00
Phoenix 2a. 78 92 52 W . Clear .00
Portland 30. CK) C6 46 SW Rain -5.: .06 i
Red Bluff 29.98 78 C2 S Clear *'. ".00
Koseburg 29. 9G 72 50 W Rain< v ' T. 1
Sacramento ..29.96 70 52 SE Clear " .00
Salt Lake 29. »4 66 46 NW Clear" .00
San Francisco. 30. 04 58 50 W Cloudy .00
£. L. Oblspo..80.00 68 CO N Clear .00
San Diego 29.94 62 66 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.96 CS 38 W Cloudy : .00
Spokane 30.02 64 34 S Cloudy .00
Keah Bay 29.94 M 40 E Rain . T.
jKwalla Walla. 30. 00 68 46 SW Pt Cldy .00
%> TTinnemucca .2».94 70 32 NW Clear .00
M'uma 29.76 90 58 S Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 50 degrees.
.... Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atehison SU.7W 84 80% 63%
Atehison pfd 1W.100 «»% us*, jw*
j^^ lo -y- *- S(w 1091 * los^ 1O<J^
Bait & Ohio pfd ... 400 ar U«Va »<»%
Canadian Pacific .. 15,500 121% 120% 121 ft
Canada Southern .. 1,200 «1- 8«% . syy_,
. Chefap & Ohio 5,300 47% 47% 47%
Chi & Alton .-.¦..... 800 37yl $57 37
Chi & Alton pfd ... 600 70% 7«U 70%
Chi lnd ft Louis...- 9,200 «ti% t>5ft (55%
Chi Ind & L pfd... "400 78% 78% - 78 '
Chi & E Illinois... 100 106% lt«>ft ltiOvi
Chi & G" Western. 20.50U 20% 25% 25-ta
Chi & G W A pfd. S00 «0 K>& SS%
Chi & QW B pfd. 500 48 47 47
Chi & N >V 1,«OU 252 21»% 251"
Chi R I & Pacific. tiOO 175 173% 174
Chi Term & Trans. 5,100 22 21%' '- 11
Chi Term tl pfd. «,«00 39% 3S% 39
CCC&StL 9'JO 106% 105% 105%
Colo Southern .». 4,500 'J9& 29% 2ii%
Colo t*ith 1st pfd. „ .." 74
Colo South I'd pfd. 1.900 45% 4i% 44%
Delaware & Hul... 7,200 175 173 "4, 174
Dela Lack & West. 1,600 291% 2SS 289 '
Denver & Rio G.^. 9,000 47 44% 45 :
Denver & R G pfd. 7.800 93% 91% 1(2=4
Erie 3.800 3h%, 3S 38"«i
Erie 1st pfd 3,900 09% 69 «9%
Erie 2d ptd 2,400 55 • 54V4 54%
Great Northern pfd. 1,000 186% - liSOV* 18'i'A
Hocking Valley ... 3,500 82%. 82%'. 82
Hocking Val pfd... 100 90% 90% 90%
Illinois Central ... 5,300 145 jfe 144 145%
Jo wa Central 1,900 50 49 % 49
Iowa Central pfd.. tf.lOO 89 67*t 87V*
Lake Erie & West. 200 68% 68% 67%
L Erie & West pfd. 128 -
Louis & Nashville. 31,200 12S% 122% 128%
Manhattan L 3,500 134% 133 133%
Metropolitan St Ry 1,100 155 154 151%
Mexican Central .. 2,400 30% 29% 20%
Mexican National.. 1.200 19 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis... 700 109% 109 109
Missouri Pacific ... .7,800 101% 100% 101
M K & Texas .... 700' 25% 25*4 25*i
M K & T pfd 700- 55% 55% 55"
N J Central 400 194 193 190
N Y Central .. 4.100 164 163 1C3H
Norfolk & West... 1 1,400 5S% 57%; . J57%
Norf & West pfd.. .... '. . . . -90
Ontario & Western. 27.700 34% 33>i 34
Pennsylvania 20.700. 151 Va 150% -I5r%
Reading 2t»7,400 C2 00% 61%
Reading 1st pfd . . -6,600. 84 83% 83%
Reeding 2d pfd ... 5,300 ¦ 71 C9% 70%
St L & S F 3,500 71 70 71. •
StL&S Fist pfd 83%
St L & S F 2d pfd 300 73% 73% 73%
St Louis S W 400 29% . 29% 29fc
St Louis S W pfd. 1,200 C2% C2 C2
St Paul 10,500 171% 160% 170%
Et Paul pfd 192
Southern Pacific .. 11,900 07- 66% 66%
Southern Railway. 69,300 37% 36 36%
Southern Ry pfd.. 7,100 96% 95% 9«
Texas & Pacific... «,100 43% 43y t 43%
! Tol St L & West. . 300 22 ¦ 21% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 1.100 39%. 39% 39%
Union Pacific 24,100 102% ; 102% 102%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1,500 S8 S7% > 87%.
Wabash :.......... 7.200 25% 24% .24%'
Wabash pfd 3.000 45 44% '44%
Wheeling & L Erie. . 400 20% 20% 20%
Wheel & L E 2d pfd ' 33
Wisconsin Central. '48.800 28% 26% VU%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 4.500 50% 48% 4S%
• Express Companies —
Adams ....,.: • 205
American 200 : 236 235 -233
United States...... 1,100 12(5% 125- 124%
Wells-Fargo •• 215
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 74,700 06% e3% 64X
vmer Car & Fndry. 500 28% 2S% 28%
Am Car & Fdry pfd ....... 8S%
Amer Linseed Oil.. 800 2.1 22% . 22%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 700 51 50 51
Am Smeltg & Refg 300 4«% 4«V1' 46%
Am Smtg & -Rf pfd 600 97 97 97
Anoconda M, ex-div . DO0 110% 110 110
Brooklyn Rapid Tr 63% 65% «5V4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 95,100 107% 103% 107%
Consolidated Gas... 1,500 224% 224. ; 224
Cont Tobacco, pfd.- 1,000 119V4 H9 118%
General Electric... -. , 100 327% .327% 3275%
Hocking Coal 600 21 '4, 21 . 21
International Paper 400 20,% 20% 20%
Internat Papep pfd .... ....... 74%
Internatlonl Power 12,500 156 148 153%
Laclede Gas- •• 89
National Biscuit 300 C0% 50% 50%
National Lead '. 300. 18% 18% 18%
National Bait 100 15 15 20
National Salt pfd.. ."... 69%
North American... 700 126% 12«% 120
Pacific Coast 100 70 70 70%
Pacific' Mail .... 42
People's Gas 1,100 102% 102 102%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 40% 40% 40%
Press. Steel Car pfd 500 84 81.,-... 83*
Pullman Palace Car 300 237 237 230
Republic Steel -700 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. ' 1.200 -74 ''73%,.. 73.
Sugar ¦-¦...:: 941 16,300 133% 9 132%^- 1H2%
Teon Coal & Iron.. :~8, 400 71-70 \ 70Y*
Union Bag & Paper 100 16 16 \ 16%
Union Bag & P pfd V ¦....¦ 81%
U B Leather 1,200 13 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd... 200 84% '• 84% 84 W
XJ B Rubber .... 300 18 17% 17%
U S Rubber pfd... 100 60V4 60% 60
U S Steel .24,700 42 41 41%
U S Steel pfd 78.900 84% 93%" 04V*.
Western. Union...". 21,500 93 .91 92%
Amer Locomotive.. 69,700 , 36 34%.. OR-.
Am Locomotive pfd 19,200 9C« 94% 95%
K4S 2,400 25% 25 25%
K&Spfd.. 3,800^58% 58 .58%
Total sales..,. 1,409,000
NEW YORK BONDS.
IT'S ref 2s reK ...109% L &'N unif 4s...lO2 r !4
U S ref 2s coup. .109% Mexican Cen 4s. 841?
U S 3s res 108% Do 1st lnc .... 34%
U S 3» coup 10!) V4 Minn & St L 4s.. 104^
U S n«w 4a reE.138 \ M K & Texas 4s. 100%
U S new 4s coup.139'4 Do 2ds 82ti
U 8 old 4s reg...lll>4 N Y Cen lst»....lO3%
U S old 4s coup. .111% Do gen 3%s 109
U S 5s reg 105% N"J Cen gen 6s.l40W
U S 6s .coup ...107 Northern Pao 4s.. 105
Atehison gen 4s. 103% . Do 3s'.. 74U
Do adjust 4s ..94% Norf &., W con 4s.l01»x
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s... 99U
Do 8%s 96% StL & I M con 5s.ll6%
Do conr 4s ...109% St I. & 8 F 4s..;l0l
Can South 2ds ...108 St L-S W lsu»...ioo«
Central of Oa Cb.112% Do 2ds .... 86
Do- 1st. lnc 86>i San A & A P 4s.. 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l08% Southern Pac 4s,.' 95
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84«i Southern Ry 5s.. 122%
C B & Q new 4s. 96% Texas St. Pac lsts.121
C M&StP gen 4s. 116 Tol St L 4 W 4s. 83%
C & N W con 7s. 186% Union Pacific 4s. 105-%
C R I &P 4s 112% Do conv 4s ...:108
CCC&St L gen 4s.l04% Wabash lsts ....120
Chi Term 4s ... »0% Do 2ds .......11091
Colo & South 4s.. 95% Do deb B .;.. 77%
Denver 4RO 4s.lO."5 > ,a U'e«t Shore 4s.. .112%
Erie prior Men 4s. 100 W & L Erie 4s.. 91%
'Do gen 4s ..... 87% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 92T4
Ft W trT> C lrts.114 Con * Tob 4s '.'.:. 65%
Hocking Val 4%s.lll , . : . ¦
• - NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ..... '20 Little Chief .... n •
Alice ... •.:..."." 50' • Ontario' 900
Breece ... CO Ophlr.:. .......115
Brunswick Con.. 15 Phoenix ... .... 00
Comstbck Tunnel: 05 Vi Potosi ...;...... 20 "•
Con Cal & Va. .1 25. Savage ... ..... 09
Deadwood Terra; 55 ' Sierra' Nevada .. 20^
Horn Silver ....1 60, Small Hopes. ..;. . 45 '
Iron Silver '....". 70 Standard .......8 30
Leadvllle Con ..; 05 "
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ..
Money— . '" I Daly West ...... 40%
Call loans A®*Vt Westlnghse com. .111
Time loans .....4@5 Minim: —
i Bonds — > ¦¦'¦ '- Adventure ... ....22
Atchison 4s 103 i Allouez .....j 3%
Gas lsts .. ...,85 Amalgamated ... 64%
Mexican Cen 4s.. S3% Blnghara .... ....,3*-, :
NEW YORK STOCK. LIST.
(ailing 1%. The stock closed with a fractional
net loss. United States Steel stocks were
moved up a point after a long dormant period.
Tne evidences of recuperation in the local
money market were a conserving influence on
the speculation. The Subtreasury has contrib
uted something to the local money market by
reason of large pension payments- and credit
shipments of gold from San Francisco are com
ing in. The movement of currency from the
Interior is In favor of New York and the stead
iness of the sterling market shows that provi
sion for American subscriptions to the British
consol issue does not threaten immediate fur
ther srold exports. The market closed active
and irreirular.
•r^o^fJ!™ 1 " 6 actlve and Irregular. Total sales,
United States old 4j coupon advanced % per
cent and the 3s coupon declined % per cent on
the last call.
¦; SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany.- quotes -as follows,"., per pound, in 10O-lb
bags: Cubes, A,' Crushed. and Fine Crushed.
4.5Oc; ' Powdered, ' 4.38c; ,- Candy . Oranulated,
*. 35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated. Coarse,' 4.25c; -Fruit ¦ Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet ' Granulated {100-lb :¦ ; bags , ¦. only), none ;
Confectioners" A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75c;, Golden C, 3.65c; "D.'va.SSc;
barrels, • . 10c .- more ; • half-barrels, 25c ; i more ;
boxes, 60c more;, 60-Ib bags,- 10c more, for all
kinds. ¦ DomlnoB— Half-barrels: 4.75c; boxes.
5c per. lb. . No • orier taken ' for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.: , - .
N COAL OIL— Water White Coal' OH, * In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl' Oil,. In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c;. Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
in cases. '22%c; Benzine, ¦ in bulk. 14%c; In
cases, "21c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in
cases, 2(5%c ' , '¦ ¦ '
; TURPENTINE^ — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
OIL — Linseed is tc higher. California Cas
tor Oil, . in cases, ' No. . 1, 70c;. pure. , $1 20;
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 78c; raw,
76c; '.' cases, -.-5c ¦ more; . Lucol, 66c for
boiled' and B4c for raw, in 'barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases, i)5c;
China Nut. 67%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, - in barrels, 1^ «0c; cases, 75c; ¦ Sperm, pure,
66c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@5Oc per gal
lon; Fish Oil, . barrels. 42%c; cases. 47%c; Co
coanut OH,' barrels. C3%c tor Ceylon and 5S%c
for Australian. - ' ¦ , - . .
I COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton ; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $C 50; Bryant, $6 60;
Roslyn..$7; Coos Bay,- $5 60; Greta, $3; Walls
end, $8 50: Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Ejrg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14: Cannel, $11 per. ton; Coke.- $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in nacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45. per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton.
according %o brand. • - . :. , > r .
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July. ''6c; San
Quentln. '6.65c; Wool Bags. 32®35c; ¦• Fleece
Twine.. 7%@Sc. • ; . • .. '¦
General: Merchandise.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra' fancy, •: $2
per box, $1 50@l 75 • f or . ~ No. 1 and $10
1 25 ! for : No. ) 2; Rhubarb, 35@85c ' per ' box :
extra fancy, . 90c®$l 25; Green Peas, $1@1 50
per sack; String Beans, from : Los Angeles.
7@12%c per lb, including Wax; Cabbage. 40@
60c per 'Ctl; ¦' Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1@1 50
per box and $1@1 50 per crate! Mexican Toma
toes, 75c$$l 50 per box. including repacked;
Dried Peppers,. lOifflllc per lb; Los Angeles do.
13@17%c; Dried Okra. 12%@20c.per lb; Car
rots,^ 75c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@
$1 -per dozen ¦ for- small, and ,$1 25^1 50 for
large; Garlic, 2@2%c;' Los Angeles Green Pep
pers,- 8@12%c; Mexican do, 8@10c; i Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, . li>@20c : Summer Squash,
from Los • Angeles, $1.25@1 50: Marrowfat
Squash, $15'g 20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15
©20; Mushrooms, nominal., • ...
ONIONS— Oregone, $2 10@2 35 ! f or the best
and $1 50@2 for lower grades; Australian, $3@
3 25, second I hands;- Nevadas, $2 35; Green
Onions,* 40@50c per box. . y ..
m POTATOES — New Potatoes, :2@2%c "per lb:
old. $1- 35@1 65 for : Burbanks from the river;
Oregon r Burbanks, . $1 60@l ' 85 ; ¦ Oregon ¦ Garnet
Chiles, $1 75; River Reds, $1 60@l 60; Early
Rose, for seed, $1 50® 1 65; Oregon: Burbanks,
for seed, $1 20@l 50; Sweets. $1 90@2 tor.Mer
ced.-- .'-' --A: 1 : <.;... ¦¦.'¦/¦ .; - ¦ . - ..¦;•-.>¦.. ••¦: ;•¦ -.-¦
¦ Asparagus ¦ was In liberal receipt i and . met
with a steady local demand at sustained prices.
Rhubarb, as usual, was offering freely ¦ and
prices showed little change. -.Peas were weaker
under - heavy., receipts and ' were sold by .the
sack. ,"• Nearly ,1000-sacks came- in. Los An
geles-vegetables sold slowly. - - ¦ -¦'
Fresh offerings of Green Onions continued to
Bell -.readily..' Stocks of old were plentiful" and
pi Ices were unchanged.' . • . .' .
¦ There ,was nothing." new , in old Potatoes; , all
descriptions were quoted steady at .unchanged
prices. '¦ One car came in • from ¦ Oregon?';'New
Potatoes were In ample supply - and ' the . market
cleaned'. up well at slightly lower, prices. '¦¦"; ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 60; L small -"White.
$1 90@2 15; large White.. $2@2 20; Pea, $3 250
3 50; Pink, $1 S5@2 10; Red,., $2 25@2 50;
Blackeye, $4 50@4 75; Limas,. $3 35@3 60; Red
Kidneys, $3 75@4 per ctl. •'"•:¦'¦¦ - ' •
¦ ; SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65;' Yelr
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. \ $2 25@2 50;
Canary. 3%c- for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah.
10%@ll%c; California, 10@l0%e; Rape, 1%@
2\Lc; Hemp, 3%c per lb. ¦-.•...
• DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@2;. Green, $1 60
@2; Blackeye, nominal. : .' '; , ¦. •' ¦' .;.'
Beans 'show ' no further changes worthy of
note. ... ¦-..•¦. :.";,'¦-:¦¦ ¦. ¦-•..• -.-. . .- <v. £?A
Beans and Seeds.
SUMMARY OF] THE MARKET?: •
Oil stocks shozv increased activity. Other, stocks dull.
Silrcr and Exchange unchanged.
'Wheat firmer and Barley zvcakcr.
Oats, Com and Rye as previously quoted
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay easy and in ample supply.
No further change in Beans.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still in large supply.
Reported offerings of new Dried Apricots in New York.
Hams higher and Bacon and Lard expected to follow.
More firmness noted in Hops. }
Meat, market as previously quoted.
Linseed Oil marked up 2c per galloti. .
Little change in Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oranges active and firm. Lemons quiet and weak.
Poultry and Game quiet.
LAMBS— Suckling lAmbs, $2 60@2,75 per
head or 6%@0c perjlb.-livewelght; yearlings,
4%<g5c per lb. -¦: • ¦.- < * -,. . * .
HOGS — Live. Hogs. 200 lbs- and under, 6%a
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6%@6%c;. feeders, 5%@
uy+cr. sows, 20 per. cent off; boars,\ 50 • per. cent
off: and stags. 40 per cent off from the above
quotations.. -.. >.:-.;¦, •' • . ¦ - »
, The following quotations are for good sound
livestock . delivered at San, Francisco, less 50
per eent shrinkage for cattle: '¦¦•¦ •¦ .
CATTLE— Steers. •8%®9c; Cows 'and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb: ."'- ¦•¦•;,' »•'
, CALVES— 4%@5%c per lb (gross 'weight).
,-- SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c;. Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight): . .... - - ; v - - -: .
DRESSED . MEATS.
Wholesale rates from • slaughterers to dealers
are as follows \< ..' • ¦¦ '.'•¦ ' * •".. • s~" >• . • .
BEEF — 7@7%o"for Steers and' 607c' per lb
for Cows.- .•••. • ¦-« ¦ -• .. ¦"¦:.....
- VEAL— Large. 7^©S%c; email. S%@10c . per
pound. -¦'-' " ¦ . *' • . .-.¦¦--. »*. .. .
MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@9%c; Ewea, 8@3%c
per lb. .'. . . . •¦¦¦¦• .. •.
LAMB— Yearlings, 9@10c per lb; Spring
Lamb. ll%@12%c per lb.
¦ PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%®9%c per lb.
- . LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There is no further change to report In this
market.' . . .' " , '. ' - - -
San Francisco Meat Market.
Cons for money.. 03ft NY Central..... 1G7
Com for account. 03*4 Norfolk & Wstrn. 6!)%
Anaconda 6% Nor & W pfd.... H2'£
Atehison 83% Ontario & Wstrn. 345S
Atehison, pfd..... 101 V. Pennsylvania ....77 (4
Bait & Ohio 115-i Reading 31 V t
Canadian Pacific. 12t . Reading 1st pfd... 42".
Ches & Ohio..... 4» Reading 2d pfd.. 86
Chsro G Western. 66?i Southern Railway 37%
Ihpo, M & St P. .176 do Railway pfd... 98%
Denver & R Grn. 45% Southern Pacific. 68%
Den & R a pfd.. 92% Union Pacific 105%
Krif .'. 39% Union Pacific pfd. 90
Erie 1st pfd 71% US Steel........ 42%
Krie id pfd r.U% U S Bteelpfd. . :, 90»*
tllinola Central... 1177 4 Wabash 25 .
fxmisvl & Nashvl.120 1 Wabash pfd...... 45
Mo, Kana & Tex. 26 Spanish 4s. 78%
Mo. K & T pfd.. 65%
Bar silver, quiet, 24%d per ounce.
Money, 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent. • ¦ • -.. .
The rate of discount In the open market-; for
three-months' bills. is 2%. per cent." .-/.-' .
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
N E Gas & Coke. 52 Calumet & Hscla.690
Railroads— , . Centennial ........ 19%
Atehison ... .'... 83% Topper Range ..: 59%
_Do pfd 90% Dominion Coal ..130
Boston & Albany. 241 Franklin ;.. ...*'.* 12
Boston & Maine. 194 Isle Royale ...'.•..•13%
Boston Elevated. .106 Mohawk ....... 30
N r N H & H..2Z1 ' jOldYDominlon ... 21>,4
Fitchburg pfd . . 146 josceola ¦ . . . ..... 01 %
Lnion Pacific ... 102% Parrot .......... 27 .,
Mexican Central . 29% Qulncy .„" ...... 125
Miscellaneous^- 1 Santa F« Copper.. 2%
American Sugar: .132% j Tamarack :...... 175 ,
Do pfd ........ 119% immountaln ..:..-98
Amer Tel & Tel .170 Trinity . . .' ... : '.' . 13 <4
Dom Iron & Steel. 68%|Unlted States ... 21
Mass Electric ... 43% . Utah ... 22%
1 , D »PM .97 Victoria ... .... 5%
N K Gas & Coke. 3% Winona '... ' 1%
United Fruit ....104% •'Wolverine .:..... 54
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
the yield does not ; look as : enormous 1 as It- did
ft fortnight ago, as the plant is shorter; than
It 'ought to.be and has not stooled out as much
as . usual: . Most 1 districts v have ¦•. had ; about . all
the . rain . they need, : - but several ; report a crust
on .' the r surf ace of ' the ground.
rBRAN— $17@18 per ton. ,- -,
5 MIDDLINGS— '$19 60@21? per. ton. . '¦¦;¦ -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$20 G0@27; Cocoanut Cake, $2O#21: Corn Meal.
*29@29 60; Cracked, Corn. --$29 50@30; Mixed
Feed; $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50. v
HAY— Wheat, " $9@lt 60; Wheat and Oat.
$8 50@ll; Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa, '$8@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $ti 50@8 50; Stock, $6@8
per ton. , --.\ "" i'""-^.- ''. - .
STRAW— 40@65c per bale. ';;
Chicago, against 8%c under a few. days ago.
It 'was argued that ¦ Kansas City ., was . showing
no fear of ¦ drought ; damage." ¦• Some i of I the re
ports had effect, for May broke slowly and sold
down to 73%c. . ,- At , this . price,- - however, v the
buying side was ' favored . and . a good 'rally' set
in. ¦¦¦ May closed l strong, lV4c higher at 74}4 c. ¦¦:
''¦ Corn had little to help it upward: aside from
the • general ' bullish situation/?* Although ; there
was a bull market most of the i session '< it was
forced. May closed nrm,,%c higher at 62%c. ¦
There was better trade in. oats than for some
time..- May closed %c up at 43%c. ¦: ,.
Provisions showed improvement after yester- '
day's liquidation. " Strength in grains and the
small run of hogs Influenced fair buying. May
pork I closed 15c higher, . lard 2%c up and ribs
10c higher. .'. .: ¦••;.'-. ¦'>:*, ..¦ ¦¦¦¦¦.,-' ; ¦ ;.
• The leading futures 'ranged -as follows: - -
¦• Articles — ¦>.~ Open. High. : Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ~ .
May-. '. 7iVn 79 n 7311 74»4
Jul-i ..:....-.... 75% 70 74-%! 75}£
September J . ... 'r,74% • -75%- - • 74% ',
' Corn No. 2 — •'" ... , .
July ;....;.-.•... 62% 62*4 '. 62 fi2%
May............ 62%- . -62% 61% 62% :
September '..'... 62 - 62% . .61% 62$
. Oats No. 2 — •
May :.....:..'.. '" : '4S% 43% .4S 4314
July old....... ¦> 35% 30 ;• 35^ 36' ;
July. new...... 37$ " 3S 37% 38 :
September, old. 30% ¦'¦-¦ 31%. : 30% . 31^
September, new. . 32% . 33*4 ; ,32% . 33%
Mess Pork, . per barrel — .'¦*•¦ '¦' •„¦ •'.*-.'
May ... 16 87% 16 95 16 82% 16 02%
July ......17 00. 17 12% >17 00 12 12%
September .....17 12% 17,17.% 17 12% 17 17%
Lard," per 1Q0 pounds— ¦...-
May . ....: 9 70 '975 9 70^ 9 72%
July'.........:. 9 SO 9 85 9 80 9 83,
September ..... 9 00 - 0 95 0 90 9 951:-
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — r
May ... . . . . . ... 9 20 9 25 9 20 9 25 '¦'•
July ...;....... 9 30 9 40 9 30 ft 40
September .... . 9 40 , 0 45 9 40 9 45-*
Cash quotations were as follows: ; ¦'
Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat. 74%@75%c;
No. 3, 70@74%o; No. 2 red, 82@S3e; No. 2 yel
low corn,.62%c; No. 2 oats. 44c; No. 2 white,
4f.ff45%c; No. 3 white. 44%@45%c; No. 2 rye.
69c: fair to choice malting barley, -65@68c: .No;
1 flax seed, $1 69; No: 1- Northwestern. $1 75;
prime timothy need. $6 90; mess pork, per bar
rel, $10 00@16 95; : lard, per 100 pounds. $9 72%
@9 75; short ribs sides (loose). SO 20® 9 25; dry
r.alted shoulders fboxed). 7%«?7%c; short clear
Bides (boxed), $9 7009 80; whisky. -.basis of high
wines. . >1 30; clover. . contract grade; $7.90. .
73c; 1 long Wool.'90c®$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt ¦;¦ f 2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 60 for me*
dlum, , $ 1 "i for small and '50c for Colts; Hone
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 < for - small and 50c < for Colts. , i Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican,
25c; dry Central American, 32 $£c. Goat Skins —
Primes Angoras. 76c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium, 35c. •¦••¦' -:¦.•¦ ¦.-;
TALLOW— No. > 1 rendered. 6%@«c per , lb:
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2%j@3%c • . -
- WOOL— Spring— Ndkhern free. 14@16c; do
defective, 13@14c: Middle county free. 13@l5o
do, defective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 month*.
0@10c; do. 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill. ll®13c-
Nevada. 12®15c per lb.. - ¦ ¦
, HOPS— 12@13c for fair and 14@15c per lb for
gcod. to choice. " ;".\n'.. -
THE SiN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
STOCK MARKET.
N rua York Grain and' Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
11THB£S A:N F JK A ]N C1ISCO UALJD, JHilD A Y, APRIL ] 8,
12
EMPLOYMENT; .WASTED— FEMALE*.
WOMAN wishes - a situation: with an . old cou-'
¦ . pie; . good ,' references ¦ exchanged. " ¦ Apply i\ to
130 Hancock st, bet: ISth and 19th, Noe and
. Sanchez. .. '. \— ;. ~ .-:-:. ~ '.". -¦"
WANTED — Position by well-bred ' woman, to 1
• care for house; can. do beautiful sewing and
embroidery; I -desire igood- home. -Address
A. M.. box 4940,: Call office.' ' .-¦ < ''¦
WANTED-^-Positlon '. as 'housekeeper ! or com-
panion to . elderly : lady, for .the day onjy.
Address Lady, box 4912, Call office. ¦-'.-. v .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.V near Mar-
ket — 200 -rooms; 25c to $1 fiO per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
. bus and baggage^to land from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at ¦¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been .established at . 1030
Valencia st. ;. • • .' ? ¦' ' ¦ .- ¦" .' • '¦¦'
/EMPLOYMENT. WANTED-— MALE.
WANTED-^Posltlon by correspondent and ad-.
. vertlslng writer;, highest class Eastern refer-
ences 'and' experience ¦ in department store,
mail order and hardware business. Box
- 4H52. Call office. -. - . ¦ --;-. ; ¦'¦
MIDDLE-AGED Dane wishes situation in pri-
; v«te family; understands care bf horses, cows
', and ¦ garden; first-cla3s . recommendations.
Box 494O.foan office. - ; » .. - : '
INDUSTRIOUS young man desires situation,
private, place; good driver; milker; ; handy
with tools ; understands care fine • carriages ;
flrst-class references. Box 4959, Call office.
. ENGINEER— Young: man who thoroughly un-
derstands the practical running of gas engines
and dynamos wants a position with a firm who
manufactures gas engines or some automobile
firm. Box 1557, Call office;
POSITION wanted by German in a liquor or
wholesale house or drive delivery wagon; was
'in the liquor business for himself .the v last 9
, years and acquainted in the city, j Box 4943,
Call office. ... •
•WANT a position as working foreman of ware-
. house; thoroughly understand storing . and
shipping of merchandise;' good reference.
Box 1E56, . Call . office. ' • '
Al : HOTELMAN, middle-aged, good appear-
ance, years of experience, wants position as
1 head waiter or steward in or out of city, ho-
tel or club. " Box 1640, Call of flee.
YOUNG educated man would like an engage-
ment during his spare time, between 2-5 p.-
m. Box 4941. Call office. j .: .
EXPERIENCED young man .would like work
as bakers' helper; prefer hotel. CARL BURK,
321 Ellis st.,,- -.'. ' ¦ ' ' •-
COUPLE .want ranch positions; husband hon-
est, capable, sober, intelligent; performs
light general work and superintends; w if a
splendid, housekeeper- and manager; Eastern
experience. Box 4873, Call office. - . \
INDUSTRIOUS young man desires a situation
, in "private residence; care or horses, milk.
_• tend garden; handy and useful; references.
Box 4921. Call office.
YOUNG' man wants v positions-taking care of
- horses, garden; can milk; good driver;
handy with tools. . Box 1460, Call office.
YOUNG man with successful experience run-
ning country newspaper wishes position; good
- references. Box 1472, Call office. *
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wishes situation in
hotel. Institution or ranch ;. no • tools. Box
4932. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants situation with photo-
grapher as apprentice; small wages. TANI,
807 Polk st; phone Polk 1302.
GOOD experienced Chinese cook wishes posl-
S tloxv in * hotel or ; boarding-house. Address
YEE LING, .20 Prospect place.
JAPANESE ¦¦ boy ' wants position as garden*r;
speaks English very well. E. S.. 1329 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements -and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st ? ¦- ¦• ' < - -
69.990 SHARES of the capital stock of the
Flores Hale & Co. were sold at auction on !
March 21st; the. time for confirmation of the j
sale by the Superior Court has been set for I
April 2Sth at 2 o'clock p. m.. In Department
9; any person may appear In Court on that
. day and overbid the purchasers; the highest
bidder, If the price is satisfactory to the
Court, will secure the property. For other
property of the estate for sale same day\ see
. "Country Real Estate" . and. "City Real Es-
tate" columns of this paper. -' For ¦ all infor-
mation apply to '
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real . Estate - Agents and • Auctioneers, . Room ¦
... 22. . Chronicle building. ,>.-¦.,-.
, PACIFIC bnderwrltlng& Trust Co. (trie.)— We
• have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten ' Call
or address main office, f)07-S-9 Parrott bidg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
. us. Pat. States Mlnlng&Invest Co.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
FINE 6-room flat; Inside porch and storeroom;
marine view: yard; natural wood finish; S35.
1316 Green ht. ¦ .
FLAT brooms and bath. 9 Tonninsrsen place,
off Howard,, between Twelfth and Thirteenth.
ELLIS. 1229. near Octavia — Elegant new S-
room flat; beautiful view of Jefferson square.
$?2 — SUNNY corner flat. 6 rooms, bath. 2051
Fifteenth St., corner Sharon. .
FINE sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
2134 O'Farre'.l st >
NEW modern sunny flat; yard and basement;
near Park. 257 . Carl st, near Stanyan. . \
LOWER flat: 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom. $12. 2410 Clay St., near FUlmoru.
LAGUNA. 29-.J2. near "Union— Lower flat 5
-rooms and bath; $11.'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
' 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517—4 rms. : bath ; gas range ;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
COZY completely furnished 9-room flat, 5 min-
utes from theaters, everything modern,' $65;
1 to 5 p. m.- 754 Bush st. ' /.
ELEGANTLY furnished^-flat; choice location;
6 rooms; cost $1500; roll less than half; don't
fall to Fee. Rooms 226-227 Parrott building.
;
AT CAVANAGH Furniture Co., 848 and 850
Mission st. — Special Inlaid linoleum, 65e yard;
• couches. $3; stoves, $5; chairs, 35c; bed sets,
$8 and up; -4 rms. furn.. oak, $48, No. 7 stove.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with -No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
: FURNITURE i WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st; pays highest
¦ price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red-1354.
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best in the world;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP W ANTED-— FEMALE. •
AT'criRrHANSEN & CO/S. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.^ - . '
An experienced hotel housekeeper, resort.' ;$35
Head waitress,'. springs, sea boss here.... $35
10 waitresses, same place. ............... .$20
5 extra. ¦waitresses,! free fare both ways,..-,,
...... ...........;; $1 50 day
2 waitresses, Mendocino Co., see party here
.................................:....... $20
¦ 50 waitresses, city, country, spring resort ho-
. tels "... . .-. ,...: . . . ... ..... ........ . . . .$20-$30
Chambermaids and chambermaids to walt.$20
' Laundresses, cooks, summer. resorts. . .$30-$ JO \
' .2 waitresseB, • Yosemite Valley, '.see .boss here
......¦.............;......:. ... . . . : ¦;-< $20
Waitress, mining town .;...'....;.:.:.:. '.$30
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT. "
Too many. places in this. department toienu-'
": , merate for cooks, houseglrls, ; v second ' ' girls,
nurse girls," city and country. ....:;.'. .$10-$30
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ..;;... 420 Bush st
; . (Opposite California Hotel). - \.
TWO flrst-class > waitresses, Salt ¦ Lake $ City;
.'--' fares here. MRS^M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st
WAITRESSES for spring and resorts, $25 and
:'- $20. MRS. M. E.* DAY,' 335 Geary et. c- 7 Yr.
TWO waitresses, flrst-class cafe, south; $25 and
-found... MRS.,M. E. DAY,'335 Geary.st ;
COOK' and second girl,' country. '.' . . .... .'..'. .$50
¦.TMR3. M. E. DAY........ .......335 Geary st
TWO chambermaids .::.. :..".'... $17 50 and $20
¦¦:¦. MRS. M. E. DAY. V.~:-...V.. ....335 Geary st
A YOUNG' girl about 16 years old for light of-
,.flce work; $3 week and increase.'.- v '. -j'
,-.. MRS. M. e:DAY;.:; ¦: j;/..V.335 Qearyst.
WANTED— 4 ' cooks, ' $30, Uffijth and without
; washing $30; 6 second girls, $20-$25; 2 parlor
-maids, $25; 2 housework girls, San Rafael,
• $30-$25; cook, -Mt.'Vlew,,$30;,8 hoter walt-
* resses. - $20-$25 ; , 4 ' German •' ¦ cooks, v $30 ; - 12
; chambermaids and waiting, country, $20-$25;
; . also a large number of girls for all classes of
. work at . good wages. 5,; Apply, to J.T F. , CRO-
SETT. & CO., 334 Sutter. st .... ..-.-¦' -¦-,;¦ -1
COAST : EMPLOYMENT ?COi. .'
/ . 502 Taylor st ; phone Black 2194.
.: 'MRS.' KJERR AND COZZENS.*. : .
Housekeeper,^ private - family, ."• $25 ; ':. young
; .-. ; lady,", neat ' appearance,^ outdoor ; work, liberal
1 .: commission;; housekeeper, : country,'- $15.™ ' / .''
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands. *-. Apply, \ ready''
for work,' at LIVINGSTON '¦ BROS.,- 123 Post.
HOCSES TOT LET. /^
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular.' G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms: 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Appljr
10 Ewer place. ¦ - J
TO lease for 6 months or year— 9 rooms, bath
and garden. 220 13th st. near Howard.
FOLSOM. 2410, near Twentieth — House, 9
large sunny rooms: beth. garden, stable.
HOIJSKS TO LET— FPRSISHED.
NICE furnished house in Western Addition. :>
rooms, for the summer to desirable tenant.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. real estita
agents, 630 Market st. [ ;
TO rent for one year, on account of departure,
house of 6 rooir.3 and bath; piano; reason-
able. Apply 1615 Gough st.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. 7 rooms; sun all day: fln* resi-
dence district; Portola st. off Waller, bet-
P)»rce anil Steln<>r. <TEO. MOORE. C* Portola.
INVESTMENTS^ \_^ _^
-THE Investors' Agency. 137 - Montgomery st.
- S. F. Call or write for particulars.
- .. LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Valise between First and Brannan and
- Second and Market sts., containing books.
"German.". Monday evenlns. Return t<v 20
Sutter st. ; reward $10. • - ___
LOST— Three gold rings, between Golden Gata
• ave and Buchanan. Pine and Stelner sts.
Return to 1122 Golden Gate ave. and receive
reward. . s
LOST— Black and white spaniel dog; nama
Dandy reward $20. Return . 1239 Market
St.; no questions asked^ - __
LOST— From ark Utopia, Belvedere, green
round bottom rowboat. DR. MAUK, 208 Ma-
son st.: reward^ . m
LOST— Gold watch, hunting case, white face,
marked GEO. H. SMITH. Knoxrtlle, Tenn.;
works marked GEO. H. SMITH: monogram
H: H. L. on case. Reward on return to
CAPT. H. H. LUDLOW. Fort Baker. Sau-
\tallto. Cal. . m
LOST — A Pass Book with the Hibernla Savjnga
and Loan Society, of San Francisco. In the
name of MARY W. SHERRY. No. 153-4C9.
The finder will please return to Bank.
LOST — Last week, envelope containing corpor-
ation papers. Address J. K., P. O. box 54S,
San Jose. Cal. .
POINT RICHMOND — All Information mailed
free. Richmond Land Company. 1S2 Crocker
building. ¦___ .
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Ratter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch e»s«*.
- MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1887: reliable and
confidential: llsta 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES ASP* PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
ttcry; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
it; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows: window
Ehade». J.F.Hotter.712 Mission: teL Main 730.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
COLLEGE KENNELS has Just received a flna
stock of dogs of all descriptions; come and
pick your prize-winners at half-price, as over-
stocked. 115 Halght st; phone Fell 6811.
A — BUYS, sell or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments ; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. Tha
Brnnswlck-Balke-Collecder Co.. 652 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, dynamos, compres-
sors water pipe and belting, second-hand,
bought and sold. H. S. White, 130-132 Beale.
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-afar
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress panta, $2 75. MISFIT '
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from,
business.
POINT RICHMOND Lots— Maps mailed free.
Richmond Land- Co.. 182 Crocker bidg.
ELEGANT saloon and panel doors; going
cheap. J. E. Whittier Co., ISth and Folsom.
FOR sale — 6 dachshunde; Imported; best breed.
Box 4937. Call office. '
FRENCH lady, just from ITrance. gives sam-
ples of fine hand-stitched collars. 831 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS- equipment of restaurant for
sale cheap. Box 4793. Call office.
CHOICE fresh cows for sale. FRANK S.
KNOWLES. Mission road, near Union Park.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a flrst-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
50,000 GALLON redwood tank: 8500 ft 2. 3, 4
and 6-inch pipe. THOMPSON, 40 Main st.
FOR sale — Soda water fountain, price $200;
original cost $850. Drug store. Pine & Krny.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st
BOATS. • launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. __^
SAFES — New and second *hand. THE HER- -
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern- engines and boilers
bought, sold. . Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st
3USCELLANEOUS WANTS.
\C ANTED— Second-hand marine engine and
boiler ;• 3-hor3epower; suitable for stern- wheel
boat: must be cheap. Address, with full par-
ticulars, CHAS. R. KAISER. West Berkeley.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 484.
TILTON wants gocd second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : te|. Jessia 2S5L
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. Farn»worthElectrtcalWks..41STurk.
STRUMENT3.
BARGAIN sales may "come and go," but wi
"go on forever" selling good pianos at a rea-
sonable price and giving customers full vatua
¦ for what they pay for. We sell the cele-
brated Decker, Wissner. Baumeister and
Stodard pianos and warrant every one to bo
Just what we represent. Low prices for pay-
ments and a good discount for all cash. THF2
2ENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ALTHOUGH -. many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that. we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of test makes to choose from..
SHERMAN. CLAY & CQ.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.; Broad-
-^ way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS our new building and hall Is not quits
completed we arc making a cut on all our
p*anos Some special bargains — 1 Knabe. $35;
1 Heine... $185; 2 Stein ways, $165; 3 Chicker-
Inps, $140 to $170: and 20 others. Squares,
(15 up: Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— " *
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up;"new upright
pianos from $175 up. - BENJ. ¦ CURTAZ &
FON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chiekerlng. Mason,
and HamMn. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold, by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless . Knabe. at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farretl St.; established 1S50. .
LUDWIG, pianos — Most popular oj all. Tor sala
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
st. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
p!ano players. .
SMALL. upright. $35: large cabinet grand .up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A> B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new $273.
Bowers fc Son. 23 5th st. Ivers & Pond ayts.'
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SNAP— 2 only, new, $450: high-grade uprights.
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,20S Post.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st
ELEGANT. concert grand upright piano; sacrt-
flced account death In family. 10CO Van Ness.
ALMOST new large slae Stelnway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st . .
.BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post st ; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs. ¦
BARGAIN." great sacrifice : 2 uprights nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers., old and new. H?
MULLER. . maker, repairer. ' 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, Jl per yeax.
A CHAMBERMAID, $20;' cook~$30; house girl,
"; $25; 4 second girls. $25 'each; laundress, $25;
-.waitress, $25;. second girl; Napa, $25, see pa r-
¦ '.ty 11 o'clock; second girl, $30. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Suter st. ' j- , ¦
REFINED Intelligent woman 20 to 30 years of
' age to assist with duties for training school
. for little girls;. outside work- one with knowl-
. edge of music and plain sewing; hours, 0:30
to 5. -two evenings weekly; v salary $40
monthly. Box 4050, Call office. . v
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' waists, etc.;
] . take work home. H. FREIDLANDER, 338
¦. Fell st, . -_• ;¦""' ¦ . . ¦ ;
WANfl?D— A steady girl to wait at table and
• •help around. . Apply ' 2030 Seventeenth st,
corner Vermont. ': -
OPERATORS on overalls: experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32*4 Fremont
«t. MR. DAVIS., _;-. -. \
OPERATORS on ladles' oversktrts. 656 Mission
„ St., third floor. - .. ' — ¦
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear, C56 Mission
St., third floor. _ ¦ ' . .
OPERATORS ; on ladies' waists. 656 Mission
st.;. third floor.
OPERATORS to take work home. 656 Mission
. st... third floor. . ; - : ; ¦¦¦'-, . " ¦-.
PRESSER en shirt waists: good^ wanes.
BAUER BROS. , & CO., 21 Sansome st
APPRENTICE for, hair work. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st. - . :
EXPERIENCED millinery saleslady. LUD ZO-
BEL CO., 943 Market st. '; •
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS tt
; CO.. 32Vj,Fremont st. MR. DAVIS. ' '.-
PANTS finishers wanted: good pay; steady
work. Apply SELIG BROS.. IPS Battery st.
GIRL or ' middle-aged woman for light house-
work; good home, IIO514 Howard st.;
WANTED— Young girl to assist general house-
work; 3 adults; hours 9 to 6. 80S Central ave.
FIRST-CLASS 'stenographer; state experience
and where last employed. Box 4807. Call.
GIRL to assist tailor; call early. 1274 Union
¦ street. <_. •
GLOVE makers wanted; steady work. Apply
369 Hayes et
A YOUNG woman to do general housework;
; wages $20 per month. Apply store, 435 Third.
GIRL for light housework; evenings and Sun-
days off; sleep home; $10. 3035 Sixteenth.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not necea-
eary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
st. MR. DAVIS. - ,
OPERATORS on women's ' .- wrappers and
waists; electric power; steady work. MARKS
. BROS.. 1212 Market Bt.V
WANTED— 6 glrla to learn halrdressing. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 60; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class.
College. 233 Geary st, rooms 13-15,.
WANTED — Girl or young woman to do light
' housework in Alameda; 5- room cottage; 2 In
, family; good home for right' person; wages
$10 per month. 2045 San Antonio ave.. Ala-
meda, - . ¦ • .
TAILORESS, vestmaker, ' for country: steady
Job. J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Mont-
gomery st. ' . " v - '
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' silk waists;
> steady work; good pay. S. -F..MFO. CO..
523 Market »t. ¦ '. /
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS A
CO.. 82% Fremont st. MR. DAVIS.
Halrdresalng, massage, manicuring, bleaching;
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College, 1236
Market, rm. 94; splendid positions; day; eve.
HAIRDRESSER; good wages; permanent 324
1 i.Post st. ".;-"¦¦'-'¦' ' -. •:'•'-.•
! WANTED — Girl to attend shooting gallery.
Call 523 Pacific st. • x
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do light housework
and assist with baby. 1008 Flllmore st
A GIRL to help in dining-room. 515 Valen-
da st. ' -
! APPRENTICES on custom coats wanted. S. N.
I WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st
i FIRST-CLASS alteration hande. E. MESSA-
GER. • 145 Post- st. s. .:
25 GIRLS for dancing, at 906 Market st, room
17; hours 2 to 5. .
GERMAN girl for general housework and wash-
lng. Apply 10 to 12 a. mi, 1502 & California.
WANTED — Second girl for country; $15. Ap-
ply 2210 Central ave.: carfare. * ", •
— Reliable middle-aged woman;- per-'
1 manent position for one year. Box 1474. Call.
OPERATORS .'on gents' -custom and stock
shirts. . 1 535 Valencia st. . . -.
OPERATORS on golf and dress shirts; highest
prices.^ D/C..HEGER, 723 Market st.
WANTED — An experienced finisher on coats.
No. 3 Brook st. room 6, over. 738 Market st
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats wanted. S.
N. WOOD & CO.. ' 27 Geary st
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment 541 Market St.
WANTED — Experienced shirt makers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 635 Market st. \
GIRLS 14 to 17 for factory work. Apulyat"
once, AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
A BRANCH office, for. Call advertisements and
cubscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
,. received at Cull branch-office. r2on Flitmora.
HELP, WANTED MALE.
BENCH hand, country mill; turner and band
sawyer; 3 carpenters for country. $3 50 day;
blacksmith, wagon and carriage work; horse-
shoer; carpenter for Mexico, $3 50 day, fare
paid; box nailers; 5 miners, $2 60 and $2 75
day; -laborers, $1 75 and $2 50 day; 10 labor-
¦ ers ¦ for mill yard, ' $30 and found, fare ad-
' vanced ; ' 2 woodchoppers, , $4 50 cord; wood -
choppers, 80c to $1 50 cord, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
2 CHEESEMAKERS, $35 and $40 and found;
p cheesemaker and wife. $45; milker and wife,
$40; 2 milk wagon • drivers, $35 and found
and $55 and room; farmers. $25 and $35 and
found; milkers, $30 and found; .teamsters.
. $1 25 day: stablsmnn for milkman, $30 and
I found, and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st
STEWARD, country, hospital, $30 and found;
man and wife for kitchen- and .dining room
work, $50 and found; camp cook, $00; board-
ing-house cooks, $60 and $35 . and found ;"
¦ fourth hand baker, $8 week and board; 2 res-
taurant cooks, $35 and $40 and found; bell-
. boys, waiters, elevator man, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62JJ Sacra-
\mento st • .< v .'.'•' •-:' ¦
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.^ •
CO Third st, phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
. FREE FARE...; ...FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers:. .... .$2 25 per day
'¦ ¦¦¦«_, SHIP DAILY.
FOX: LUMBER WOODS.'
- , 26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,
$26 ' to $65 month and board, fare advanced. .
1 experienced ......... $3 per day
. 1 head setter or screw turner. :. . . .$3 per day
Cooks, ' waiters ana dishwashers.'
. Carpenter for sawmill . . . ". $70 per . month
Stationary fireman, sawmill. ...$55 per month
¦ 0 teamsters, country. ....... ..$.10 per month
¦ 6 laborers, city, 8 hours. ....'..$1 75 per day
Wagon-maker, city ..$3 to $3 50 per day
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 59
Third St. : , .
AT,'C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .429 Bush et.
)"¦ ......... WANTED , FOR NEVADA .........
2000 . teamsters, . laborers ....... .'.$2 to $2 25
.. 3 blacksmiths . . :. . . . . . :...-.: ; ¦; .-. $3
...;.. SHIP. MORNING AND NIGHT...:..
50 tunnelmen.Chatsworth Park:.. $2 to $2 50
Free fare.;..... .Free "fare ....Free fare
: C.R. HANSEN & CO.. ........ 420 Bush st
ANDRE'S Office, 310 Stockton st— Valet for a
club of gentlemen, $40; man to take care of
. horses ; and milk 5 cows, country, $30: young
- man as porter In a saloon, $20 to $25; cook,
near, city, ; $45; ; 2 waiters, country, -, $25^ 2
elevator v boys for ; first-class house; helper In
.a small boarding-house. $15;- kitchen -hand
. for -, d el lcacy * store, ; $5 . a . week ; pot washer,
¦ ' $25; 2. waiters, $7. a week; ironer $35, washer
$35, laundry,' country- • ¦'¦ ! . -
A— HOTEL* GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
¦ ;%Walter,. 30. country .hotel. '.-.' -¦!¦'. . _>
JOURNEYMEN: Barbers'- Local 148 — Special
• - meeting MONDAY, April 21. -Business .of -
I r- great importance. , By order of: the union. I
¦¦•¦:. -V; ' ; r\. ;¦ .- /JOS. . R. : BLEILY. Secretary.
TWO ' flrst-class picture agents on new article;
'¦- must b«>A'. No. land prepared to make reas-
onable J deposit on sample -case;, salary, and
- commission: call immediately.': 826 Sixteenth
.:' St., Oakland. *.;¦ '• ' /
MECHANICAL draughtsman; -only -flrst-class
men need apply; technical man preferred; no
- attention paid -to answers unless giving full
• detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed.;;. Box 4810, 'Call 1 office. - \
.WANTED-^Second cooks, .assistant short-order
': cook,, restaurant; porters, . dishwashers; '; also
r ;kitchen'. help: ;no- fee. ¦ Independent ; Employ-'
„ ment -Bureau, ' 526 Montgomery, st," room 1. ¦'¦•
TO I tallors-'-FIrst-class | foreman I for coat | f ac-~
¦ *» tory ; ¦ good ; • : correspondence . strictly
.:, confidential.* :. Address L.;Z., box 4962,* Call."...;
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
¦ . i be graduate; grammar; school and, well recom-
--. mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 492S, CalL
CLAIRVO YANTS — Contlnnctl.^
MRS. DKT!^ CLARKErthTwelTkliown trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket *t.. cor. Golden Gate ave r ,- rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect tsattsf action guar-
anteed, by mail; fiend' stamp I for pamphlet
- with .special terms. Dally and Sunday. ¦-
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
. advice; names given; 25c up.- K Fourth st i
A— Mrs. Melvill. wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth: 'German spoken; hours. 9 to 9.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant: carSs & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c. G. 50c 521% .Eddy.
CARD reading and astrology. 14S 6th st, room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall. "
CARD readingTIadies 10c; .-gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna st. . "¦
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
25c. gents COc; readings dally. 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT,- card reader from Louisiana;.
only 10c: from l'to 8. 2R2 Minna st.. nr. 4tlt.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
Ing. 1213 Market,betSth&Oth;tel. Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating. Wprks^Cleaning- 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th" St.: tel.'Capp S52t.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH &;CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 203. j
CITY Steam Carpet-beating. 'Works. Gl H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 3S-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; teL Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ¦
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and - Reno- .
vntlng Co.,^240 14th st: tel. Mission J4. ¦>. ..
FOR lowest prices. In carpet-cleaning ring up
PRICE & CO.. Howard 24~fi: office 15 8th st.
CARPENTER AND JOBBER.
JOBBING, office and store fitting wanted by an
Eastern carpenter; reasonable. Box 4931, Call.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W.' KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unlers successful. Room 310.- 927'Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET. .
$22 — FURNISHED cottage, 0 rooms and bath;
within walking distance of local. 1182 East
19th st.. East Oakland, 23d-ave. station.
ARMY, 3983— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large yard: basement. ¦¦"¦¦. ' ¦'¦ ''
,
A-DR."t.S. HIGGINS~"927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bidg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns; $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
1 and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method ; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice, free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 800 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bidg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. ra.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
\ EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st, cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. - R. C. ANDER-
SON. D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
_____^^___
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 SO; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth si:
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
1 Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st. — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 0 ' Turk st—
Crown and bridge. 'work; gas specialist.
i.SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk ft
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corggt-maklng taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.'
EDUCATIONAL.- , .'
i iJeald's school of~e^lectrical "engi-
j NEERING — Theory, demonstration," construc-
tion; laboratory, and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue Iree. • " • ¦ • -.':_
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F.-r-Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; dsy and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.' • ¦
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
FRENCH lady knowing perfectly French lan-
guage gives lessons at pronunciation and
writing to little boys and girls. 831 Sutter
I st ; WM. BERTH.
i ACTING, elocution, specialties; llallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
• positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
| ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
I vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; cst. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall."
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bidg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
gocd positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College. 1230 Market
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual In-
8tructlon; Pitman system; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFIUppe'sAcademy
of Languages, 320Post ;estab'd-1871 ;ablest profa.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
«tc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery St.
VIOLIN, mondolln, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class. -
BARKER'S Academy. .723 Market 1 st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoft,56g Mission; tel.John 3856.
E3IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleanlngr^cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Goo.
Klposhlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
, Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp, Office. '415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
J AFA NESE and Chinese best help; cook, and
waiter. 421 Post. 1 GEO. AOKI; tel. Bueh 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment, Of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5183. |
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Suttcr.tel.Black 6072.'
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED--.FE MALE.
SWEDISH housegirl. : flrst-class cook; good ref-
erences.' MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st;_ : :
WOMAN wishes work : by i the day.' ' Telephone
MRS. NORTON, 313 • Sutter st. :.
WOMAN -wants : work -by ~ the ¦ day; washing.
Ironing, 1 housecleaning. $1 -and- car -fare.
MRS. SIEBOLD, 77 Natoma st. ' " ." • - v
FIRST-CLASS" cook wants situation in Ameri-
can or 'French family; city or. country.- 335
¦' Geary st ' . : . -V . • . . -• . ¦; ; . •
SITUATION wanted: girl wishes to docooking;
. wages $35. Apply 1712 Hyde,' neat^Broadway.
COLORED " woman - wishes ', day's -' work, ' $l 25
per day and car fare.* Phone 5491/. :¦ 1133 Clay;
A RESPECTABLE woman wants to go out
¦ washing. • Box 1800 4 Call office. / • ., ¦ *
WOMAN wishes ' situation , for; general £¦ house-
work or j care ; of ' children. .514- Minna 'st.,-
- rear, ; upstairs. ' t . . - , •¦' -- >
YOUNG girl would like position to assist with
light: housework; city or country; wages $10-
: $12. - 412 Linden ave. * ; •
RELIABLE woman wants '. situation , as" chll-
v dren's '. nurse or. 5 companion ; to ¦" elderly : > lady ;
• first-class - references ; - willing to ' assist " with
housevrork and sewing: . : 120 Fourth st. "¦ •
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned^- 1
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner in any fa,lr-
paylng business see K, KENNY. 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established 1S6S.
A— K. KENNY, 75 Third st; has the following
safe-paying business- investments:
$1601) — Partner wanted to keep rlaln ac-
* counts and assist In looking after hired help
in a first-class livery and boarding stable;
established 30 years: guaranteed by owner
to be clearing over $300 per month; stock of
horses, buggies, etc, worth $4000; no previous
experience required ;• too much for "one man
to look after.
$400— Partner wanted in a handsomely
f.tted-up oyster and chop house on Market
st; fine business; no previous experience re-
quired; must be a steady man.
$1000— Butcher shop; a great chance; retail
trade of 0 cattle per week; fine location; best
reasons for selling.
- $1000— Coal, wood, hay and grain business;
best etand in the city; has a fine trade j 22
stalls let to steady men. , ¦ .•¦¦ .
$475^— Fine candy store; choice location; No.
1 theater and general trade; clears $100 per
month; owner sick in hospital.
$300— Saloon; well located: on Third st; 2
living rooms; gocd business; low rent. .
$300 — Corner cigar store; prominent busl-
' nets street; sure to clear over $75 per month:
low rent; fine paying laundry agency con-
nected.
. $200 — Branch* bakery and dairy produce
store; any lady can run it: choice corner. lo-
cation; clears $60 month: nice living rooms.
$S00 — Partner war.ted to attend to the tak-
ing of cash in a fine business on best busi-
ness Ftreet: doing a large trade: owner will
guarantee over $100 per month clear to pach
and Increasing;- too much for one to attend
t«; full value given and a" good man to be i
connected with; no previous experience re-
quired. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st
$5000 — HARDWARE store paying well: lo-
cated In growing, prosperous town; sales
average ? 13, 000 per annum: profits net 33 1-3
per cent; 'expenses light; Invoice if desired;
must sell; make offer; no agents. 4922, Calif
FCR SALE— Grocery and fruit store In thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
loll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc..
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling, j
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo. Cal. !
ON account of death — For sale or exchange, a J
locksmith and electrical shop for outside
property: business established 9 years. 906
Pacific st., bet. Powell and Mason.
BARGAIN — K good bicycle, some furniture, j
bedding and gas stove with fixtures. 874 ,
Howard st I
GREAT bargain; saloon; $1300; dally receipts I
$16 to $25; fine location; old-established place, j
Inquire 1010 Market st, room 10.
BAKERY for sale, in good country town; old-
established business; reason for selling,
owner has other interests. Box 1634. Call.
$9000 — FINE grocery and saloon, for sale: at
terminus cf car line; with house and 4 lota;
reasonable to right party. Box 4*18, Call.,.
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4930,
Call. . ¦' . <
WANTED — Party to put in small mill; cut
lumber on percentage. Box 4938. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^ Near The Call building!
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call..
City hotel, email; a mint $1,500
City hotel. 36 roon.s; clearing $225 3.250
City hotel; 00 rms.: lease; clears $400 6,000 j
City hotel; 95 rooms; lease; rent $250. r>,500
City hotel; 03 rooms; lease; rent $250. 7,000
City hotel; 100 rms. ; lease: rent $300.. !»,000
City hotel; 75 rcoms: lease; rent $275. C.OO0
City hotel; 80 rms.; lease; clears $760. 10,i)00
Country hotel, includes real estate....' 4,000
Country hotel ; near this city J ,500
Country hotel; cost $SOO0 '. 2,500
Country hotel; lease; cost $10,000. ..'. 7..100
Country hotel; includes real estate... 12.000
68-rm.' lodging-house; lease: rent $225. <J,500
115-room lodging-house; rent $400 6000
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
15 rooms; transient; clears $100 $700
130 rooms; cor.^first-class; Investigate. 16,000
100 rooms; Market st; clears $350.... 6,000 I
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1,500 {
9 rooms: sunny cor.r a beauty; only. 375 !
* 32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade. 3.500
20 rooms; clears $75; only .450
40 rooms : clears $1CK 800
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
006 Market st. corner Ellis.
$5C0 — 8 ROOMS* clears $75; big transient trade.
RETSLOFF. 906 Market st. •
A. CAMERON & CO..
S30 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can' suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodglng-houres, '¦
fiats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
6 r. : Geary; rent $23; lease; very nice. $550
10 r. ; all new and elegant: clears $50. . J0O0
17 r. ; downtown: hskeeping- clears $(H>. 900
53 r.; total expense cf house $175: aparts. 29Oo
Money Loaned. 1 % per cent
A LODGING-HOUSES
10 rooms; rent$50; modern building; good
furnishings: death cause of selling $500
20 rms. ; rent $70; cent loc. : mixed fur. 1300
23 rms.: rent $56: bay-window house . 1700
27 rooms; rent $125; lease; fine furn 3500
85 rms.; rent $300; location Al; elevator 7000 i
Lodging-houses and hotels to suit all classes
of buyers; large list; call and Investigate be-
fore buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st (upstairs), bet 5th and.Cth.
A— H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
Before buying a lodging-house, roomlng-
. house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country. It will be to your advantage to call :
at our office. We do not offer places for sale '
unless the value Is In sight Sample:
22 rooms ; : 9 furn.; good location; low
rent; reduced to $600
German and French spoken.
H. C. DECKER. Reliable Broker, 1020
Market st. opposite Fifth.
GEORGE W. BROWN. 783 % Market st.
Room 3; phone Clay 46. -Money to loan.
18 rooms; swell; bay-window; newly fur..$1600
17 rooms; north Fide; light sunny house.. 900
14 rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. 2000
16 rooms; corner bay-window house; yard. 850
20 rooms; rent only $50; new carpets 1200
13 rooms; for this week only; sickness... 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; Income $100 1100
We offer any of the above on payments.
GOOD transient house; new furniture $l»00
?.C rms. ; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country: transient; low rent. 0500
300 rooms; corner house for men 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rm*. ; Howard; rent only $65 ; terms ..• 1400
40 rooms; man house: rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cerft
Hotels, houses and flats, S to 203 room*.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market gt
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
SSO Market st — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money, at lowest rates.
Something • new every day.
New bouses to lease.
McERIDE & CO., 765 Market — Some bargains.
$1650—18 rooms: Kearny; all light; net $100.
$375; — 19 rms.; Jackson; good and easy work.
$700 — 17 rooms; Jones; nice business.
$180 — 7 rooms: 3d st Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses; 70 more houses; bargains; choices.'
A — NOTICE — We have roomlng-houses.all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our
list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market
SPIRITUALISM. ~7^
a— extra*7T??7.".?1extr a" :TT!Trr~EXTRA
An independent writing s?ance I to-night;
Brockway in his proof positive test work;
. write your question* -at homer, bring to this
trance and receive Independent writing upon
your own paper; 25c. '1052 Ellis at ,
A — C V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues., Frl., Sun., 8 p. m.;50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J.- WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing and vocal
ceance Friday and Sun. eves. ; 50c. . 325 Ellis.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, also Sun.,
10c; prance sittings, readings daily.. 132 Sixth.
CONSULT J. Keller, divine healer, 408 Golden
Gata ave. ; all diseases cured; -hours 10-4, 7-9.
Mr*. Seal, spiritual and cup. medium f tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 .Market
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; eeance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
.' Meyer: ultttngs dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD, .: . - ." -;"-"•- V-" : '"¦
iSHQfc--' THE FAMOUS '.^SB
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently,
located at 17 . Third sty next Examiner bidg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveaU the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un~
happy or not 6ati«fleS in life, or have domestic,
love or bUElness troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you - will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560. ¦
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to ft p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. , m. , •
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant* card
reader. .born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with-llfe readlng;ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. git. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A-1Sllis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names: 50c-$l; 10 a. m.to 8 p. m.
MRS. CARL' STEPHANS, clairvoyant and card
reader, 104 Fell, near .Van Ness; . reading*
daily 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; ladles 50c agents $1/
HKTif WASTED — .MAT.B— C»i».
MURRAY ¦ & READY. . . .... Phone ii'aln 5848
I . .Leading ; Employment and Labor Agents. .
• 634-636 Clay st
(' Office open 7 A, • M. ....'.......
......STATE OF NEVADA
....... Ship free — Moraine and night
..-. ..;.. 1000 R. R. MEN ;........
> 450 teamsters, Nevada.,. ..... $2 to $2 50 day
175 laborers. Nevada :........ $2 to $2 50 day
425 rockmen, Nevada ...... .$2 to $2 50 day
• MISCELLANEOUS
10 laborers.- 8 hours'' work, city: 6 laborers,
¦ factory, city. $1 75; 6 laborers, neaxclty. $2
day; 4 Italian . quarrymen. see bess here;
furnace man, quicksilver mine
10 laborers for new sawmill". $30 and fd
5 laborers for tie camp, fare $1 CO.. $35 & fd
2 shingle packers, $35 and found" shingle
sawyer; 10 laborers for factory, near city;
50 milkers;; $25 to $40 and found: 2 cheese-
makers; 3 butter makers; 25 choremen and
chore boys; 145 farm hands." $20 to $40 and
found; 15 men for- a fruit farm, $20 and $2ti
- and. found; 5 Eastern farmers ; 5 2-hor3e
teamsters, $26 and found;" 2 miners, $60 and
* found ..'..:.'.
.:.... MECHANICAL HELP
• fl carpenters, factory, country, $3 75 day; 2
, carpenters. $3 day. rough work, city; 2 brick
molders, mine company, $2 50 day; -3 brick
setters, $2 50;- 6 brick pitchers: 3 camp
blacksmiths. $65; ranch blacksmith. $40 and
found ;....
Cajnp cook, see boss here. • $60 . and found :
second . cook. R. R. eating-house, $40 and
found; second cook/ small spring, $40 and
found; 16 other cooks; 20 waiters; 16 kttchen
hands; butcher, country shop, $35 and found.
Timekeeper, must have had practical ex-
perience in R. R. camp
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
WANTED— Reliable young man for plain work,
with established firm, $15 to $17 week; per-
. manent place: must have some cash. BROWN
6 CO.. 1221 Market st. upstairs.
BUY Point Richmond lotsr$18O and $200; terms
$25 cash, $5 per month; send for circulars.
Richmond Land Company. 182 Crocker bidg.
ELDERLY man wanted to help peddling: fruit
and vegetable wagon; wages $15 month and
found. Call to 9 a. n. at 128 Henry st.
BOY about 15 years old to run errands and
assist In store; references required. 8tl Mis-
sion -st.
BARBER" shop; must be sold; paying $125 per
month, with nice 3-room flat, well furnished;
rent $15; price $250. 1035 Guerrero st.
WANTED — Tailors. ROOS BROS., 25-37
Kearny st. / /
CARRIAGE blacksmith and painter wanted.
O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave. and Polk str
GOOD barber for Saturday. 623 Clay st.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday. 1357 Dupont
street. , y
_ . . ) ""
BARBER— steady. 222 East st '¦'.. ' .^-S
WANTED— Porter and to he^ wait at table.
612 Kearny. st. , _ . ,
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady Job. 631
Sacramento st. '
BOY wanted. Apply 341 Hayes st
.WANTED— Bootblack for Saturday and Sun-
day. 202 Fourth^ st.
"WAITER wanted — Carry trays and do general
work. 37 Eddy st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 16 Market st, Ferry
Cafe; call early. . - - - -
DISHWASHER wanted r at 1224 Point Loboa
ave.; $15 and found.
"WAITER wanted. 1224 Point Lobos ave.: $5 a
week, and found; Geary cars* 0
WANTED— A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, lst-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo. ; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W.. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m.. ex. Sun.. 569 8th st. Oakland. Cal.
' i
— Recruits for the marina .corps, U.
. S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of goo4
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 9 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply n.t the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. >.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third «t: 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years "of
age; must be good at figures. Apply be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. at HALE BROS.' ¦'-_¦
RAILROAD men — 250 laborers wanted to-day
for S. P. Co., near city. ; Apply G. _ G. CA-
MOZZI, labor agent, 251 Pacific st.. 9 a. m.
to 2 p. m.
"WANTED— Boy who resides with his parents
to run an electric passenger elevator: state
age and references when making application.
Box 4942. Call. ' _^_
A— STEADY man with $200 cash can make
$100 month, year around. . 209 Kearny st,
room 1. .
WANTED— A few bright boys from 14 to 16
years of age to work In shirt factory. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
"WANTED — Entry clerk- in a wholesale dry
' goods house.- Address with references C. S..
box 1C42, Call - office.
EDUCATED Christian to work on educational
lines; teachers and students Dreferrecl. Box
1454. Call. -
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted on coats. S.
N. WOOD & CO./ 27 Geary »t. ¦
WANTED — Coatmaker for Eureka; steady Job.
J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery tU
WANTED — Two good errand boys. E. MES-
SAGER. 145 Poat «t. .
A STRONG boy- to drive delivery wagon. Ap-
ply at Twenty-fifth and Folsom «ts.
WANTED — Miners for Alaska; $6 day and
. board. Box 1641. Call office. -
BARBER evenings,'. Saturday and Sunday;
steady Job. 940 McAllister st.
BARBER shop for sale; boss Is sick. 131
Minna st. _^ . ¦ . '
BARBERS — Good-paying 2-chalr barber shop A.
bath for sale. H. FALK. Angels Camp, _Cal.
DRUG clerk wanted. Apply at 603 Montgom-
ery st. ¦ • -
WOMAN wants working partner! - 30 Hannah
st. Oakland (B st).
APPRENTICE wanted at t&e Pacific Electric
Motor Co.. 183 Jessie st n •¦ - .-».,
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler, and', diamond setter;
permanent Job; good wages. Box 4797, Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailors: good pay; steady- em-
ployment. 541 Market *t. ¦ ' . ¦
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
HARNESS and saddle makers wanted. W.
DAVIS/ & SON. 11 Front st t ¦
FIRST-CLASS operator on |!ants; steady em-
¦ ployqient. ¦-. 541 Market st. ¦
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady employment
541 Market st. .
YOUNG man to. do Janitor work for fcla tui-
tion. ' S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. "Write SHERWOOD,
624 Markt; past com. Wattrous Poat.G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
•Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty./E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.Rr*
ALL sizes men's shoes, sllghfly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission -st. bet 1st and 2d sta. j)
WANTED — A boy about 16 for. wholesale house.
| Address box 4525. Call office.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
BOcup; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St., nr. Oth.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third »t. near Mar.
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
cubscriptions has been established at • 1096
Valencia wt . .'¦ -.. ¦ .,¦ - "
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 248
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
FOR Sale— 1 pair big black carriage horses: 1
pair medium black mares; 1 pair black road-
sters; 1 pair bay roadsters; all well matched.
. Inquire at St. Lawrence Stable, 423 Post st
JAS. SHIRLEY.' ., T
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcad* Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth at: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction • Bales every Wednesday at
.11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. ,
HORSE. $45; big mare. $60; young stud. $30;
; cut-down express, $125; harness, $0. 70 City
Hall ave: -¦ . ¦•
FOR sale, Santa Rosa saleayard — Just arrived,
'several fine road and buMnons horses, new
. buggies and harness... 1489 Market, cor. 1 lth.
SAN. Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M. U PANCOAST. Sec. CIO Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand. wagons.. buckboard sur-
rey.harness.work.drtvlng horses. 15th& Valencia:
"AN A'No.'-l express 'wagon, > single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market end Third Ftreet*: open
BBtll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay;#)pcn until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9;30 p. m..
818 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. '
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2231 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty^second and , Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
_ _ _ N MEETING NOTICES.; _
CALIFORNIA~Conir3andery No. 1. K. .•£_
T-. S Post st. — Resular assembly BUST'
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 K31
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All W
fraters cordially invited. By order of ¦
the Commander.
TiIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
<FOU.O Lodge No. 123. I. O: O. '<.2&&&r
*\— initiation THIS (FRIDAY)
NIGHT. April 18, 8 o'clock. *-s5?s5r-
Memorial Hall. Visitors cordially ""•* • •
lnvi»<Kl. W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
"CT* T. ~3RCROSS. Rec. Sec. - . ' . . ,
SAN -FRANCISCO -Tent No. IS. .K."^Mb k .
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FR1DAYJ. /^^P^
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer fc£?f r..Ti5fi
Hall. 24 Fourth st eW-'ftsJ
H. H. CASTLE.
f^'lf/ '• Record Keener. '
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- . •C? -s
Ian Club FRIDAY EVENING at 8 3, flbCS
o'clock. Odoh meeting at 8:30. > fi*vX£/
Corne and bring your lriends. Good **?S l «fc
programme. Scottith Hall, 117 Larkin «t
A. il, MACPHERSON, Chief. \
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
EXGUOSPING. ~
Resolutions, etc.. in first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. H raid's Buy. College. 2f Post St.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGEXTS— ?10~dai!y. inirooucing our BrIUianV
Gas-llg-ht Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private & public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
I-le are looking for; they do not require a
ctlmney(to break)or wick to trim, & make no
fimeke and dirt; ht any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best cheapes*.
& cleanost light; it is a great money maker
for atfonts; 200 per cent profit: write at onoe
A got to work right away; sample free. En-
tgrprise Mfg. Co.. B. S<J7. Cincinnati. Ohio.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES case; future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor »t
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner buUding. room
CIS; ell cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
Do advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 1« yrs.
G. W. HOWE. SSO Market »t.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: open every evening; low fees;
ell cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market tt
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bidg.. 927 Mar-
kft tt; consultation free; no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
JC> paees. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
UICVCLES For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has seme swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself: repairing.
301 Larkin ft and 305 Market st.
DIRDS. DOGS, ETC. ~~
WAR3LING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold lish. pet stock,
cages, globe?, aquariums: bird end animal 1
fo<-d of all kinds. 154C Market st..bet.Sthfc»th.
BOOKS^-XEW AXD OLD. ~~
COOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 194(t.
1 BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— ?15<X); SALOON, few doors from Market
St.; first-class paying; established years;
rent ?45: t-legant fixtures; large stock. Call
K. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A — I HAVE few of the beEt paying saloons for
sale; price from *4U<K) to $olKK); choicest loca-
tion :n this city. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny et
A— ?42C0; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
niale depot, clearing $4<iO per month; rent
$l:>0: no better, investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A — $C50: SALOON -with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class paying; surrounded by
railroad rheps, planing mills and lumber
yardg. Call R. G. WILKE. 2(i>4 Kearny *t.
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; b!g profits; stock
invoices about $3500; price $4000- rent $"0
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st
A -$S00; BUTCHER shop; established year*;
doing a flrt-t-class business; located In Oak-
land; r»nt $S5, including 7 rooms. 2 horses,
1 wagon. 1 cart. Particulars R. G. WILKE
SC^t Kearcy st
A — $2000; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts.; rent $55. Including u pri-
vate rooms; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
20'^ Kc-arny st.
A — $X2C0: RARE chance; notions, cigars can-
dy and variety store, with telephone office
in booming town across the bay; place clears
above $250 during 8 months in year; lnvesti-
gate at once. R. G. WILKE. 2U^ Kearny st
A— JOSEPH STRAUB, — — —
SSO Market st, cor. Stockton.
„ , _ , \\ V Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
t> . „ » Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
r ... ' „ , Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent
A — Delicacy store in the Mission: 4 living
rooms; fine opcrtunity; price. $220.
A— Butcher shop in Oakland; a bargain at $250-
no opposition; rent $14. '
A— Salocn in wholesale district: no night work-
good paying place; price $900. '
A — Saloon end billiard hall on Market Bf
owner must leave this week; price $1600. '
A — A. STENBERG .'.
.-9 Market st.. T el. Black 5491
.....Money Advanced on Any Business
...If lou Want Invest in a Good Business;..
Or Sell Your Merchandse .
For Cash ""
.Why Don't You See STENBERG'
$000 ; ;
Restaurant
Among Shops, Factories
Receipts About $40 ;
Must Be Sold
_ - A. STENBERG, 759 Market st
$1K>O— COFFEE saloon in heart of the city
down town; magnificently fitted throughout!
*cn established place; everything first-class.
enormous transient business; low rent: re- i
cc-ipts jUEliryVf300U Investment; old age the
x? y t ??« e ,° f i e ?} ei heet ch: »nce In this city.
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery st, room 4.
11^ 1 * grocery and bar. in Western
Addition; o rooms and bath; present own-r
_Jhere 8 years. M. LESS. 131 Montgy. rm. <¦
•—--.cividend for the week ending April 12 was
*5 i>b on each ?100 invested. Our dividend!
are larger than any other firm. Dividends
paid every Monday morning. "Earns more in
otis week than in year in savings bank.-
Pnnclpp.l can be withdrawn at any time, and
dividends paid up to hour of withdrawal. A
tested investment. Safe as Government bonds
We invite investigation. Call or write for
intertctlng literature.
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSN..
Suite 615. Emma Epreckelj bidg.
WE have lodging-heuses. stores, restaurants
laundries, ealoons, nptels. cigar | stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city ond country real estate for sale, ex-
change. Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market «t. room 20s!
S3W- PARTNER war.ted in light business;
fulted to plain, steady man satisfied with
?18 to $^r> a week; no experience required- no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
buy. 25 G-eary ct, room 4.
A— *575;. DELICACY store; receipts $16 day;
r^nt $18; great bargain. STRAND. 203
Kearny st.
A— 30 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $2000-
rents $6 to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7
daily. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
f200 — COFFEE and chop house; fine chance for
• man and wife to make money; don't miss It
to-day. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine st
R*N established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for eaie at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc., all go; opportunity given for in-
vestigation to those who mean business* sat-
lsfactory reasons for gelling. Box 4511, Call.
RELIABLE man with $250 will find rare op-
portunity for rapid money making In estab-
Urktd. legitimate business- open to ' fullest
¦Investigation. 765 Market gt., room 3.
PHYSICIAN, regular. 20 years' experience,
would like partnership or employment with
advertising parties or specialist; ¦ registered.
Box 4357. Call office.
.FOR BALE — Branch bakery, notions, candy and
echool supplies, living rooms partly furnished;
established many years; change of business
cause of Fale; no agents. Box 4926. Call.
f51f<0 — FOR SALE; well-established plumbing
bvclncsc; building and good stock all go;
most sell because sickness. Box 4925.- Call.
•OOD paying fruit and vegetable stand for
mif. well ftocked. 1281 Mission «tSAILED.
. Thursday. AprU IT.
Stmr "WestDort, Erlckson. .
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed April 17— Stmr Victoria,
for Hongkong. April 16 — Stmr Meteor, for
Seattle: Br bark Glenmark, for Liverpool.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 17— Stmr City of
Seattle, for Skagway; Br ship Guy C Goas,
for Nushgak; stmr Jeanie. for Quadra Bay. .
, . FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA. B C — Sailed April 17 — Br stmr
Victoria, for Hongkong, etc.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 17— Stmr Merlon,
for • Boston, via' Quecnstown.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Aoril 17— Stmr Rhyn
dam. for New York, via Boulogne-Sur-Mer.
.. YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 17— Stmr Olym-.
pia. from Hongkong. Shanghai and Kobe, foi
Victoria and Tacoma. .¦
Late Shipping Intelligence.
VANCOUVER^ B..-C., April 17.— A girl
who calls herself Mary ;Holmes and who
recently.- came here from \ San Francisco
attempted to commit suicide to-day by tak
ing poison. She became .unconscious, but
was , resuscitated. •- - • - ¦ ¦
San ' Francisco Girl Tries Suicide.
Officers ; Suspect Foul Play.
¦-. SAN LUIS OBISPO," April 17.— This
jnorning | the / dead •; body - of Joe Romero,
19 years ; old,' was found^ by the engineer
of the north-bound local ; freight train on
the:Southern .Pacific, track - two
blocks ot- the unfortunate man's- home/
His . head had .been crushed by . the • boxes
of the tender of the -^ passenger : traln,
whish : passed the place" where his ' body
was" found I at' about '^ o'clock this, morn
ing. 1 .There are seven -cuts upon the dead
man's, faee, which. must .have been in
flicted with .• some sharp . instrument. . Ro
mero had been I in- the company | of • qaur
relsome ¦ persons . and - had : spent a good
part : of ; the -. night , at various resorts.
There la a strong, suspicion of foul play. .
- SAN JOSE, April 17.— Joseph, Demise,
wife* daughter and baby, from Mountain
View, were thrown from a carriage on
the; Alameda 'this morning • and all -were
hurt, the father, and baby seriously. . The
baby's collar-bone was broken and its
head: badly- lacerated. -Demise had; two
ribs' broken and his spine, injured. • The
horse became frightened -at .-a. passing
street car, and a sudden jump, caused -the
carriage to overturn.- ¦ .¦•:•. . .
LOS ANGELES, -^A'pril. 17.— Miss .TilHe
Wilson of Milwaukee, "Wls., was seriously
injured as- a result .of:a ' runaway. accN
dent,' in' which she and Mrs. J. W. Cam
eron, also of .' Milwaukee, were thrown
from their buggy. Miss Wilson sustained
a fracture of two : ribs . and serious inter
nal injuries. '".Mrs. "Cameron was "badly
bruised about therbody. I The I
occurred late ¦" yesterday afternoon - at
Kollywood, a" suburb., twelve miles, .from
here.;;. -- : :' " '. ..'. '•'.-.'.¦ .....,.'^: --'.vr •>>
Women Injured by Runaway.
¦ TACOMA, April 17.— Susie Taylor, a girl
of 10 years, while going home from school,
was' attacked by a masked xha.fi /hear Pu
get Sound, a.venue." and [ South .Nineteenth
street. The child was dragged into the
bushes, where . fiend brandished a
large knife and) threatened her with
death if she made" any outcry. The man
was seen by. another girl coming over a
ridge v ln- the direction of the city. ¦"
People in the west end are up in arms
hunting for the girl's assailant and
threats, of lynching, are. freely made. • The
child .was seriqusly injured. ...ft -<- •- ' .
Unknown Brute Severely Injures a
Ten- Year-Old , Girl in
¦ *\ Tacoma; '• ¦;"¦"- •- ¦•
LYNCHERS ARE -.LOOKING.
FOR CHILD'S ASSAILANT
Handsome trappings are to be p*rovid"eo*
for. the ; horses and . the saddle '.blankets
willibe covered with white, roses. ¦' The
aids will be in costumes, which will be
in keeplrig.withthe handsome -habit which
is to-be worn by Mrs. Cole.; There will be
novelty, and beauty in this feature of the
parade and some pretty drilling is being
arranged. It. is planned that the parade
shall pass in review^ before the marshal
and "her aids, and Mrs. Cole and her as
sistants will at this time occupy posi
tions similar to those held by the former
fiesta queens and their .maids of honor
at the tribunes. • . . .
I LOS ANGELES, April 17.— Mrs. George
L. • Cole, marshal of the fiesta floral par
ade,, has selected the young women who
will act as her aids and the list was com
pleted" to-day." The ' aids-elect are :' Miss
Joy Collins, Miss Nellie Strong, Miss May
Smith, Miss Abbie Taggart of Riverside,
Miss MerCedes de Luna, Mrs. "VV. P. Peck,
Miss Agnes Elliott, Miss Edith Johnson.
Miss Mabel Norris and four others from
out of town.
Floral Parade, Selects Her
Escort.
Mrs. Cole, Marshal of Los Angeles
PAIR SOUTHERN BELLES
FOR THE FIESTA AIDS
• Timothy ; Hopkins . (owner) • with Knowies- &
Reichley - (contractors), ¦• Henry ' A. ' Schulze ¦ ar
chitect — All work for alterations and additions
of ; a . one-story brick warehouse ¦ into a two-
Btory structure, 'on NW line of Townsend street,"
275 :\% SW. of ' Fourth'. • SW; ISB:11H,' NW 120,
NE45-.10H.-NW 120. NE 45:10W, NW 120. NE
91-0%,.SE 240; $19.905.,^ '•.- > " . . v,
Ella . McHcnjy^. (owner)' with' F.'"/ P» -.Fischer
(contractor), , Architect ; Hermann : . Barth — Ail
work i except . mantels. . gas fixtures . and shades
for > alterations • and ¦. additions : to a two-story
frame • building • into a ¦ three-Btory ¦ frame ¦ build
ing i (three '. flats) 1 on ; N -line of ¦ O'Farrell 1 street,'
436:6 W of Steiner. AV 37<by N, 82:6; $7340;-- ¦
Same, owner with Oscar Daniels (contractor),
architect same—^Erecting', and ' putting . together
and' riveting • thei structural ; steel work for
same;: $43,930. .•-¦,* ;'¦*•; . .• - i-
¦; Same owner, with. same contractors,' architect
came- Pointing Joints, cleaning down of stono
and replacing broken points of stone work- for
same on same; $5000. ' ¦ '
Joseph Dinter (owner) with L. B. Perramont
(contractor), D. Depierre and P.Rlghettl archi
tect — All work except painting and lumber for
a two-story, frame building. on lot on SW. cor
oier of Twenty-first ' and Hampshire streets. 25
by 87:6; $3889.' • . ¦". • .
James L.. Flood, (owner) with The McGilvray
Stone Company ' (contractors), Albert I Pissis
architect — Stone i work except . granite" • for a
twelve-story fireproof ¦. building on- lot on' NE
corner of Powell and Eddy streets', E 22:8 Ti'
NE 187:0%, NW 62:8K.-N 114:814,. W 137:16'
S 275: $260,000. . - - " .. -- ¦'
J. J. Smith (owner). .with »Henry; Jacks (con
trattor), architect Thomas J. Welsh— All work
except painting I and graining- for a • three-story
frame building (flats); on lot on N 1 line of
Eighteenth : street. 150 '.W of Hattie, W- 25. ' N
83fo, E 25:1, 8,82 87-100; $4636. - •.'.-.
Builders' Contracts.
Sydney t W. ¦ and . Isabel Smith , to : Anna D^
Joost (single), lot on W corner of Russia ave
nue and Edinburgh street. SW. 100 by NW 50,
lot 8,. block 39, Excelsior Homestead Associa
tion; $10. ... ...
Pierre - F. Cussac • to . Theodore and . , ¦'. Marie
Perez, lot on SB corner of Thirty-eightn avenue
and K street, E 62 by S 100, lot 6, block 56.
Paul * Tract ' Homestead ¦ Association; - $10. ¦• ¦ ¦
Ella T. Sexton (single) to Henry C. Hagen
sen.lot on Kline of San Jose road, ¦ 120 S of
Bernal Reservation, E 129:6. S 26, W 130,, N
28, lot '37, Tiffany and Dean Tract; $10. V >
¦ Oscar Heyman to Blrnet, Madden," lot on SW
line of Twentieth avenue south, .325. SE, of L
street, SE 50 by SW 100, lot 4, block 403. South
San Francisco Homestead . and Railroad Asso
ciation; $10. ••-'-- ,-.v. . ... -- ....«, .-
.London and San Francisco Bank, Limited,
to Julia Qulgley,' lot on S line of H street,
57:6 W- of Ninth avenue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
: Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to
Thomas Burgoyne, = lot on W line of Third ave
nue,' 100 S ¦ of Clement street. .W 120, : S 76,
E 45:7%, NE 37:8, E 70, N 37:6; $10.
'¦ Felix H;- Irvine to Solomon Getz, lot on'E
line of Tenth avenue, 175 S of Lake street. S
25 by. B 120: $10. . ' r : .-..;.• .,
Henry K. and Jennie .. W. - Bothin to; Andrew
B.'. and. Mary C. Butler, lot on W corner of
Rlngold and Eighth streets. NW 25 by SW
75; $10.; •:::.- ¦• ¦: ¦ : ' -.'.- ¦¦-:¦¦• ¦ ¦¦¦'.¦ '
Andrew B. and Mary C. Butler to Llbble
Drlscoll,''same; gift.. ¦ ..'- ''¦ t: ;' .:.'.
Catherine Kenney to Catherine Paine (single),
lot on NE line of ¦ Kate street, 235 SE \>f ¦ Bry
ant, SE 20 by NE 50; gift. . ,-, ; ; :.
Charles M. Yates to same, lot on SE line of
Natoma street, 176 NE of Seventh, NE 25. by
SE 75:- also lot on NW line of Howard street,
175 NE of Seventh, NE 50 by NW 80 (quit
claim deed): $10. - /
Same to Walter C. and Editha E. Lambert,
1797 D. 340, same (2 pieces); $10.
Estate of Walter C. Lambert (by William
Denman, administrator) to Albion S. :.Perley,
lot pn NW line of Howard street, 175 NE of
Seventh, NE 50, NW 00, SW 25, NW 75^ SW
25, SE 165; $16,550. ,
Albert K. Happersberger to Eliza Weismann,
lot on SE line of Park avenue, 125 NE of- City
Hall, NB 25 | by .SE 100: also . lot on NW
line of Stevenson street, 27.5 SW of Sixth, SW
25 byNW-75; grant.
Max and Rebecca Gross to Annie Cooper, , lot
on NE line of Fifth tetreet, 250 SE of Folsom,
SE 25 by NE 100; $10. - ¦ -. .. ,:
Walburga Heimerle et al. to E. D. Block;
lot on NW line of Howard street, . 500 SW.Of
First. SW 50 by NW 85; $10. :.
• Dennis Mahoney to Margaret Mahoney. lbt
on N line of Allen street. 60 D of Hyde, N-20
by N 60;: gift. •
Josephine ¦ S. Brugiere to A. S. Baldwin, lot
on NW corner of Oak street and Van New
avenue.- N 48 by W 82:9: $10.
James R: Mlddleton (by attorney) to John
F. Farley, lot on NE corner of Fell and Gough
streets. E 137:6 by N 120: $10.- -..•..
Estate John Long (by Benjamin Long, ad
ministrator) to same, Fame; $32,155.
John F. Farley to Mary Farley, undivided
one-half interest in same; gift. • \
Emma G. Butler to Otto F. von Rheln, lot
on NW ' corner of Geary and- Laguna streets,
W .137:6 by N 137:6; $10* - . .
Frank G. Norman to Andrew.-B,' Knox, com
mencing 101:5 N from-NW corner of Twenti
eth.and'.Valencia streets, N 0:l'bxuW 100. pro
viso as to above not to . affect building adja
cent»*25 ¦...,„„ : a- ..-.'-•'¦ • *
'.Clayton B. Wilson to Daisy M. Tunnlcllfts,
rerccordl935 D. 295, lot on E line ofSartlett
street. 185:0 y, S of Twenty-third. S 50 byJE
125;$10.' ¦¦•'¦ ¦ ¦•¦'• V- ' -r : v •¦; ¦ .- ¦. •• I
James Cuthbert to Benjamin S. Baum. • lot
on S line of Twenty-ninth street, 205 W of
Sanchez, W 25 by S 114; $10. . • , - '
Anna and Max Lopkbjes i (by George W.
Haight. trustee) to Georgina Steck. 1815 1>.
140,. lot on- W line of Montgomery street, 37:0
N of Filbert,' N 25 by W 87:6, trustee's deed;
$1243. ¦ ¦ * • : ¦• ¦ " = ' : y* '
Georglna Steck (single) to J. E. Carne, same;
$10. ¦ r -• , -. :>
P. Ryan to Catherine Ryan, lot on S line of
Filbert street., 37:6 E of Varennes, E 43:lVa
by S.57:6; $10. :
:. - Mercantile Trust Company of I San Francisco
to William ¦ R. Irwin. lot on N line of OVFar
rell street. 51:1 W of Grant avenue, W 3O:ll»4
by N 77:6; $10. ¦• • : "
Mary Blake to Charles J. Blake (alias Shear),
lot on W line of 50 vara lot 1130 and 115 N
of Sacramento street, N 22:6 by E 60. use, of
alley, 17:6 (Le Roy place) W of Le Roy place,
115 N of Sacramento btreet, N 22:6 by W 60;
$10. ..-¦•¦ . • .
THURSDAY, APRIL 17,
SEAL ' ESTATE, TRANSACTIONS.
Daly took a sure and effective way of
shuffling off the- "mortal coil." He cut
a hole in the ice of a creek just large
enough to pass through, squeezed him
self down the aperture into the icy waters
and shoved himself along several feet
under the Ice until he became uncon
scious. Several times before Daly tried
to take his life, but before each attempt,
however, he had been drinking and failed.
The man disappeared and nothing was
thought of it until one of the ¦ section
crew noticed his hat near a freshly cut
hole in -the .ice. The body was discovered
by cutting away the ice. Daly made cer
tain of his death, for he cut the hole so
smaTTtna^t there- was' ndVbne chance in a
thousand of ever getting back through it.
So small ;had the- hole- been made that
when Daly pushed through it the flesh on
his shoulders was terribly bruised. He
had been working on a section at Crowley
for. more than a year. Nothing is known
of his relatives. • ¦ v .
TACOMA, April 17.— News has just been
received of the startling suicide of John
Daly of Crowley, near Lake Bennett, on
the line of the White Pass and Yukon
Railroad In Alaska, on last Sunday night.
Be Cheated.
That Death "Will Not
Section Worker in Alaska Makes Sure
CUTS HOLE IN THE ICE - ¦'..
TO ACCOMPLISH SUICIDE
SAUSALITO, ¦ April ! p.— There . is- a
movement on foot to get. the poolroom
license of this city j raised from .$300 per
quarter to $1500 per quarter. At the meet
lng;of the City Trustees an ordinance was
introduced which raised the license and
the old board passed the ordinance. Up
to last night there were three Trustees
in favor of poolroom gambling and two
against it, but Mayor Adolph Sylva cast
his vote last night in favor of the higher
license: The ordinance must come up for
final passage at the next meeting.
Poolroom License May Be .Raised.
The parade is billed for' the -afternoon
ahd : the circus proper will be given- at
the Agricultural Pavilion in the evening.
The big- structure _'. has . been .converted
into a full-fledged show place, the ring
and stage having the 'center while seats
are ranged around Jn 'circular form:.; Sev
eral) thousand people ¦'will be . accommo
dated. -Every reserved 'seat' was -snapped^
up on the opening day of- the -sale.
-Supervisor. Orrin'S. Henderson' will act
as ringmaster. • The • clowns \ are O. H.
Close, Eugene Wilmot,- Richard- Perrin,
Bob Knowles, J. W. Glenn, -" Monrino
Musto, Theron Llllle, Henry D. Hansen,
G. S. Melone. Fred Rekstrom, Rekley
Hall, A. W. Slmpson'Jr., Charles M. Fer
dun. Will Davis, Jacob -Simon. J: W.
Moore, Joseph Peters, Walter B. . Hus
kins, George Reasoner and Leo Corrella.
Otto Grunsky. the County Clerk, will be
In charge of the menagerie.- •¦ •-.» ."¦'
Elks from Oakland; San Francisco, Sac
ramento and ; other places have ; tele
graphed for accommodations. The'Oak
land lodge :ln particular . will send a big
delegation.
STOCKTON, April '17.— If a real circus
were ¦ coming to town there could hardly
be more interest manifested : than there
Is over the big. burlesque which the local
Elks y have tilled -for to-morrow, j j All 'is
ready and in waiting. There; will not be
much business done by "the members of
the order other .-than that; pertaining to
the -show; , Some of the best kriown'mai
of the city have branched out as actorsr ;
Show When the Performers
Turn Loose To-Day. :: -.
Stockton Anticipates , an "Uproarious
MERRIlIENT^WiLL- 'RULE : S£§S(
• AT THE ELKSVCIRCTJS
The legal representatives of the former
contesting interests in the Louisville and
Nashville met .in the afternoon, and, ac
cording to. trustworthy reports, 'settled the
terms. It- is not likely that the exact de
tails will be made public. ., ,
"I fully concur with the sentiments ex
pressed by them and am glad that they
meet with Belmont's approval."
Gates was. shown Morgan's statement
tearing Belmont's indorsement and said:
Charles W. Gates; son of John W. Gates,
made several , trips to; the office Of J.-P.
Morgan & Co. . during the r morning ; and
conferred- with Perkins. Francis Lyride
Stetson, Morgan's attorney, was closeted
with other representatives of the firm, and
it was reported that all the essential de
tails of the* agreement between Belmdnt
and Gates had been completed.
"The statement of J. V. Morgan & Co.
seems to be a very thorough summing up
of the . situation," said August Belmont.
"It covers the ground and I have nothing
to addi to it." - - . "'..
. Those who intimate that Gates might' pos
sibly make I trouble- in the future or' that he ts
in any position to" do so- '"are < mtich mistaken.
Th«j only one tote reckoned with 'in the man
agement of the Louisville and . Nashville; Is
Morgan'. If that fact is borne in mind there
will be no misunderstanding and no need of
guesslnsr. The situation is controlled' by him
and ; that should be. sufficient guarantee . to
eytry. one.- • ¦ ¦ ¦*?., •¦•.-.*;'¦ ,-V:'j- ¦•¦''• '.*• <•' • '¦¦ •
'Further, the Louisville and Nashville will be
operated in the future . aa . It has been in the
past; and there .will.- be no, change.' -";.»:¦ ¦-
:J:.-P. Morgan &• Go. say positively that th?
present status :of:-the iroad • is-. the-'same 'as; it,
lias been heretofore,, except that J. P, Morgan,
controls < and '.directs. --absolutely- 1 and. without
qualification. ----- --¦_-•' ;;.-".— - - -.— -¦
. The first Is assured by Gates and the man-'
ner in which he has disposed of his stock.
Belmont's statements are assurances as; to the
second, and J. P. Morgan .& Co. are -sponsors
for the third. ¦¦.;.-' ' - - •" ' \ "' " ' "
NEW YORK, April 17.— The following
authoritative j statement ' respecting, the
Louisville and Nashville . . situation ..-/ was
made to-day by a member of the firm of. J.
J. Morga.h'&'Cb.C [^: : ¦"" . . ' '. "'.;y : >.'.¦>"'
The public, as -well as the speculative com
munity, should bear in mind three things: . = :
'¦¦ First — There : will be no-' corner.- •¦- 4. -•.¦¦..•; ¦
: S>cond — There will be no contest for contral.
. Third — J/ P. 'Morgan absolutely* controls the
Louisville and Nashville.'-- ¦: .'¦¦'¦ ------
Authoritative : • Statement Is
; yMadeThatJThera; Will 0 ;
¦ Be No 'Contest. •'
Louisville -and Nashville
Road Is Secured; byV
• J. P. Morgan. .
RAILWAY FIGHT
IS AT AN END
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APmii 18, 1902.
13
SHAFE— In , this city. AprU 17. 1902. Delbert
• M. Shafe, beloved son or Mrs.- C. A.' Spur-
rier and J.,M. Shafe. and . brother of-Mrs.
F. L. Shirramahd Mantle Shafe. a native of
California. (Modesto." Cal..,' papers ; please
copy.) • . >,. , - : ¦. ;¦•" " •¦ ,. <•' - " " -"-
- , ICTFrientfs and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully ' invited ' to attend the funeral [ eery 10 ": 3
. Saturday. April 19. 1902. at 1 o'clock, at nis
late, residence. 125'/i Oak street. ..Interment
Cypress Lawn . Cemetery. -¦ ' • ¦¦'•"¦";*
STEEN— In this city, AprlM7." 1902,:Rosalind,
'dearly beloved ' daughter of Samuel and.. «a-
chel Steen. : and sister of Hazel- Steen. a'n a "
of California, aged 18 years 11 montns
¦ind 7 days. •¦•:•- ,i ¦¦¦¦'¦¦ . '.-'>." ' •"
OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- ¦ fully invited - to attend the .funeral ¦ to-day
J (Friday) , at . 1 : 30 o' clock, from the f am illy
. residence. 1270 Eddy street. Interment aim
of Eternity Cemetery. • by ¦ electric car from
¦ Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. : - ' . .
STOCKHAM— In Oakland. April 17.' 1002.
Marilla D. Wilson Stockham. M. D.. mother
of Arno H.- and Ander W. Wilson, a native
..:of Sboreham. Vt., aged 77 years. -• . ¦¦:
UHL— In this city. "April 15." 1902. Ferdinand,
beloved husband of Anna Uhl. and father of
George V.. Ferdinand.. Rudolph, Anna ,C,
. Mary, G. and Leo Uhl. a native, of 'Bavaria.
; Germany, aged CO years. ;V. ,. • •¦ .-- .-/¦¦" -\
..' ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
k fully "invited to • attend the funeral to-aay
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 982 Union street; - thence to St.. Bonl-
faee's Church, where a, requiem. -high mass
will be celebrated for the' repose of his soul
at. 0. o'clock. -Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
,- 'tery.- ¦ '. . . :- ... ¦......-_.-- 7. '..'.¦ ¦ :•' .' '-. ¦'. "'
AM) DECORATORS-.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
FIHST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. <U0 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1*23.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS. _
RUPTURE and plles~cured; no pay until cured;
no operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield. fi Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELEY. 207 Powell st. — Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Small ranch near S. F.: cheap; im-
proved or unimproved. Box 1529. Call.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
FIFTY lots in the tide lands in the city, and
county of San Francisco, belonging to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on March
21: the time for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court has been set for April 28,
at 2 o'clock p. m.. In Department 9; any per-
son may appear in court on that day and
overbid the purchasers; the hiphest bidder. If
the price is eatisfaptory to the court, will
secure the property. For other property of
the estate for sale same day see "Country
Real Estate" and "Financial"' columns of
this paper. For all Information, apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agent? and Auctioneers, room 22,
Chronicle building. '
CITY OF RICHMOND — Invest your savings In
th«» new manufacturing town; lots from $180
If 25 cash. $5 per month; Santa Fe Railroad,
Standard Oil Company. Southern Pacific Com-
pany — all meet at Point Richmond; splendid
opportunity for investment; send for" free
maps and all Information. Richmond Land
Company (Inc.), 1S2 Crocker building. San
Francisco. Cal. '
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone . Grant 177. . ¦
Real Estate Agent. .... . .
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ¦ ; .
CHEAP, new cottage 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements; large lot; -high finished i base-
ment; on S. F. and San Mateo car Una. . See
owner on premises, Chenery and Falrmount '
fcts.; small amount cash, balance like rent. :
$1350 — A SNAP in a new modern cottage; bath,
sink and closet: $350 cash, balance $14, per
month; no taxes or interest; 30 minutes- to
3d st. WELLS & SAUNDERS. 630 Market.
NEW and nicely, finished cottage, 6 large
rooms and bath; sunny, with all modern Im-
provements. 658 San Jose ave.. between
2Sth and 29th sts.; San Mateo cars pass door.'
SOUTHEAST comer of Harrison and Langton
sts.; 75x75^ with improvements; make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
scuare. . .
$5600 — Sacrifice; nice flats; Mission warm belt;
well rented. Owner, box 4856. Call office.
|5500— MUST be sold; $3000 cash only; rents
>60. Apply 2€23 Butter st. near Lyon.
REAL ESTATE COUKTRY— For Sale
A BARGAIN— TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. '
A 10-acre ' full bearing j prune orchard In
Santa Clara Valley. % mile from public,
grammar and high schools; improvements are
a modern 8-room cottage, with bath and' toi-
let, stable, carriage-house, tank - and ¦wind-
mill, man's quarters, chicken-house and yard.
deep well, irrigating plant, steam pumps In
perfect order; full line of orchard Imple-'
merits; will be sold on easy terms to suit
purchaser. Inquire J. H. PERINE, 32S
Montgomery st., room 211, San Francisco.
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain View. Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on March
22 In nineteen subdivisions; the time -for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior. Court- has
been set for April 28. at 2 o'clock) p. m., in
Department 9; any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid. the purchasers;
the highest bidder, if the price is. satisfactory
to the, court, will secure the property. ' For
other property of the estate for sale same
.day. see "City Real Estate" and "Financial"
columns of this paper. For all information,
apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real. Estate .Agents- and Auctioneers, room
22. Chronicle building. ' . .
¦ FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^-
Frnall tracts, $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing ' rapidly: - location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
INVEST your savings In Point Richmond lots;
prices sure to advance; $25 cash. $5 per
month; Information mailed free. Richmond
Land Company,- 1S2 Crocker bulldlns. San
Francisco. ~ " ' "
FOR sale — 152 acres of farm and orchard land,
4^4 miles to railroad, with or without stock,
etc.; no agents. 330% Sixth St., 9 to 12 a. m.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; bii? money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt. r. 203.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, C34 Market, S. F.. &. San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept.. American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building. • •' ....
CHOICE country lands for eale. Land Dept.,
AmericanGuaranty&Trust Co.. Hayward- bldg.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-ropm furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
month. J:.TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS:
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT cottage, fine large garden; must bo
sold account departure. See owner 1518 Ben-
toa. Alameda, or 503 California, r. 218. S. F.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale — 300-acre fruit and stock (arm in
Sonoma County, $8000; bargains in houses
and lots in Berkeley; -prices to suit; easy
teims. J. P. HALE, 1504 Shattuck ave.,
last station. Berkeley.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms* and bath; high base-'
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Plna.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.-'
S. H. ROBERTS, real estate and ' insurance.
Mill Valley, Cal. — Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or year; Im-
proved and unimproved property for sale.'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.' " '¦
*3S5O— REDUCED FROM $1500. : ~ "
New Colonial 7-room hause; open and nickel
plumbing:; paneled dining-room, elegant side-
board, decorated celling; In fact an ideal ' t pot;
near business center, schools; large lot; drive-
way, lawn; terms $700 cash; balance mort-
gage; first come first served. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. /
$1750— PRESENT CASH VALUE $3000.
Owner non-resident and must sell; lot 50x150;
0 rooms and bath, all In perfect order; barn,
large chicken yard; private - water ; supply- on '•
premises; only 1 block from Postofflce; seeing
is believing; no reserve; my Instructions are to
sell. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway/ Oakland.
$1750-^COST OF LOT ONLY. ' ¦ ~ ~*
Improvements given away; present Income
$15 per month; two houses of 3 rooms, each, in
good order and only 2 blocks from the local
train: near-business center; owner in destitute
circumstances and must . sell at. once, for the
best offer received; seeing is believing. J. 'S.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.-
$2500— $4000 PREVIOUSLY REFUSED. "
2 flats of 5 rooms each: all. modern In every
respect;* blocks to local train; right in tewn;
mortgage $2000; only $500 cash; a* guaranteed
income of 12 per cent on the Investment; -5
days, only at this prJce., J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$10.000— FLATS, 3 blocks from 14th and ¦
. • Broadway (business certer).
A guaranteed Income for 3 years, underlease |
at 9 per cent net on the Investment; property
l<as a business prospect and should be worth
120,000 In one year; stores now under construc-
tion adjoining this -property.-' -J; S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. '• ' .• ' '
THREE lots tocetber. 150x131 feet, with 5-' I
room house and -large cellar, in' Oakland
Township, for eale at $1700. • Box 1558, Call.
MUST sacrifice equity in cottage at once. 1076
East Fifteenth st.,---Oakiand.- 23d : - ave. -local. '
OAKLAJfD' FUnMTCRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H?
ECHELLHAAS. 403 Eleventh St.. -Oakland.
' STABLES TO LET. ¦
STALLS to let. - Apply at 847 Mission st., coal
yard. . ¦ . . . - •
MEDICAL.
A DR. O'DOICICELL. \rorld-renoTrned special-
let. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble..
' «>r.!mlt Uie specialist' on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped: relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases- free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 6th.
iiVtS. D. WTETH — "Well -known reliable ladle* 1
*pe<-.ialist: instant relief puaranteed; home in
confinement: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to lOOSVi Market St., opposite 5th st.
ill^: p. KOHL — Well-known ladles' special-
ist,' removed to 100S% Market St., opp. Cth
«.: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
XIRS. SWEET. C06 Guerero St., near 18th —
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 2R
years' experience In midwifery cases: takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care: infants adopted: confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 41L
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
122S to 1126 Market st. *.
1IKS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist: maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fre low. 906 Market St., opp. Emporium.
2SKS. S3. ALLEN". 111S Market — Reliable ladles'
rp<>eial!st; a private home before and during
confinement;, best medical care; low fees.
DK ROSEN, ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 1007 % Market: avoid delay; $10.
PR. NG TOTKEE. 210 Stockton St., opposita
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MOJfEY_TOJ^)A.\.
6o£5bTExamlner'bii
¦w/ $4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
» ......On First and Second Mortgages......
On Life Interests In Estates
Property Being: Held in Trust
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Lile Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sires.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-C02 Examiner.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
{300.000 at 5** and 6 per cent in sums to suit;.
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgiFfa, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages. -
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCCLGAX
«... 2* Montgomery St.. room 3...
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second aad third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ircxiCIPAX. Loan Office. 103 Grant ave^ near
Geary st-; pbons Red 1003.
HIGHLY respectabls private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 38.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowed rate; private, confidential. ORMSBI,
26 Montgomery st., room 7. opp. Lick House".
,A PRIVATE party loans any asiount en furnl-
-\ tore, pianos; no removal; low rates; confidea-
tlaL WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
£. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people oh their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
Ox. femitare. pianos; no removal; money Quick;
lowest Interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market et., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bis.: loans en pianos,
furniture, etc. al 2 per cent without removal;
bo brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
flO UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
tc furniture: no removal. Garthels, 208 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
H0O0: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
fy ON furniture and pianos; 115 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 17C9. Room 8L 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan yon money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan-bldg.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
EMMA £PRECKELs"buUding. »27 Market St.—
Ligrht. cheerful offices, $15@25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone. . . . - ¦
CIGAR etor« to let; fixtures for sale. 853
Howard 6t.
STORE with large basement, below Keamy; al-
teratlens to suit tenant. C36 Clay, room 1.
OIL.
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. in good order; all sizes:
H. B. WHITE. 130-132 Beale St.
™ PALMISTRY.
Mrs. E. Pearce. scientific business salrr.ist. re-
moved to 104 Turk, r. 28; 10 a.m. to 9 p. m.;
horoscopes cast by mail.Sl; palmistry taught.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. ~7W>
Post ft., corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
M. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. Sift
Taylor Ft., bet. Geary and Postitel. Black 861.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted; Rues House barber shop;
$100. 175 South First st.. Ban Jose.
PERSONALS.
AN elesant line of remnants lor suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pasts free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et., between Seventh and Eighth.
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
ccse, falling bair. eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure cr no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist. 131 Post st.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st-. near Market; 700 rooms;
15c to $1 SO per night; $1 SO to $6 per week;
iree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions £.nd peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 1021 Market et.. near Sixth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
eerne gs white ehirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing and bleaching: all kinds of hair
work done artistically: hair dressing 25c;
ehampooing 50c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
A RESPECTABLE sober man. age 38. wants to
marry a lady with some means, age 28 to 40
yfeajf; pleage give address. Box 4858. Call.
POINT RICHMOND lots — $180 to $200; terms
$25 cash. $i per month; send lor maps.
Richmond Land Company, 182 Crocker bldg.
HAIR 'dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
- ing 60c; hair dried by electric drier 6c dretied
J^ in SO inln. Miss A. V.Doyle. 1702 Mkt. op. 10th.
» Electrolytic removal cf moles and superfluous
bair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work puarantcf-d. Ulss C.Dudley. 1702 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,S32O'Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIES EATON. 1119 Butter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. II. Eaton, 427 Butter.
DR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy et.. corner Mason.
Mrs. Brirgs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. - 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masauerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical coetumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
tre&tmem for rbeumatlsxn,etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traver»e,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS" Egyptian Henna; -restores gray
bair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists,
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURB
y Instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Masquerade costumes, play books, wliri;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE FUlts. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50^
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
fcest corn cure, 25c; all druggists
TYPEWRITERS^AND SUPPLIES^
great^Xrgains' w"t ype writers— vfH
sell. better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals $3.' The. Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 208.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors : estimate free. 209 Sansome.
CLASSIFIED advertisements- and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. '2200 Flllmore.
TYPEWRITING AND^ailMEOGRAPHiyG.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
• frbgraphlng. 927 Market, rat: '301; Jessie 155*.
M ABRIAGE ¦LICENSES. : \ ' v
The following marriage; licenses were 'issued
yesterday:- jrri '. ' . : '.'. '. '- . ¦' •'
Albert H. Ward, • S2, . Santa- Cruz, and Min-
erva -Prichard, 22,-> city.v ¦¦ ¦¦ .¦¦•'•• '.'•¦¦'' •'. • -. - ..
Robert A. Cranston. 28. 1727 Page street,
and Josephine McCauley. 26. 1631 \ Howard St.
George T Peden,^ 21, 1286- Union street, and
Mary E. Timmons, 21, 1231 Filbert street... ,
- Albert Herzberg, 24, 1783 Mission street;' and
Barbara C. Hundrup. 20. 1744 Folsom street.
Sydney H.. Moss. 23. 435. Eddy ¦ Btreet. and
Julia L. Keesing. 22. 2821 Laguna street.
Antone Lacerda. 22, 1011 Washington street,;
and Jemna Magrl, 19. 1017 Washington street. .
Louis SimDaon. 38. • St.- Joseph. Mo., and,
Lillie Meyer. 26. 8 Holly street. • =
Edouard -Winant. 26, city, and Leonle Breny,
19. -733 V, Minna street: :- >¦-.-¦ ¦ :- -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES---DEATHS. -¦
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication -offices and be-
indorsed with the name and - residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
;'•¦; '":' : -V ¦ BORN. -^ '¦¦¦.'-':". ¦ ¦
CHRISTENSEN— In this city, April 14, " 1902,
: to the wife of C. !F. Christensen, a daughter.
JDUSSELL— In'thls city. April 5. 1902. to the
wife of John P. Dussell, a ; son.^ ''•'. ; ¦ '
HERBERT— Inthis city, April 12, 1002, to the
wlfeof William C. Herbert, a daughter. ¦¦¦'"¦.
MAHR— In this city, April 17, 1902, to the
wife of Paul Mahr, a son. , -.; : r ¦ • .- . » .
SMITH— In this city, April 15. 1902, to the
wife of -Franklin C. Smith (nee Connelly), a
son. -¦ i ¦- - .-.-•>-- ¦¦-.¦¦-.¦...• - 1 v ¦ . .,-
:.¦¦''¦•:¦¦:.¦; 7 MARBIED. \ '' : \-:\ ' ,;-,,
BLAIR— CONKLIN— In : this city. April "l5,
1902, by the Rev. W. C. Pond, D.D., John
B. Blair and Harriet , -Evelyn Conklin, botn
j of 'San Francisco.- ¦ ¦ ' ; - ¦ : ! . •
BRASCH— SHINGLE — In, ; thJs city, April 13,'
•T--1902, by the Rev. John Stephens, Samuel -L.
- v :Bras.ch. of San "Francisco ..and Annie Shlngls
of :: Oakland, . Cal.. ... .,./.- -. ¦ .- :-
CARSTEN— CARTER— In this city. .April 15.
• 1902, by the- Rev. , John Stephens, Anthony
' J.'Carsten and Mae L.- Carter, both of San
Francisco. * — .• < ¦• : • ';
ROSENFELD— DIAMOND— In this city, Aprll :
13, 1802, by. the Rev. • Hymfth Samuelson,
Morris Rosenfeld and Millie Diamond,' both
of San Francisco, v '¦ - ¦¦¦¦.-!
,¦-¦¦¦••:¦¦• Jdied:."'- ' .
Bohan, Mary . \ ' Meade, Frank '
Campion. * Minnie Miller. Henry
Edgar. Daniel J.Kl Murphy, James D.
Garcia, Mary . '»•¦ .O'Brien. Mary E.
Gordon. Samuel A. . Pinedo. Mias E. ' '
' Gore. Cyrus A. !••... Rossjni, -. Thomas ,C. •
¦" j Hyslop, George... W. .."..Shafe, .Delbert M. .. -
<" i King. Bartholomew, Steen., Rosalind
! Kreutzer. Lisabeta . ..Stockham, Marilla D.
: Lippert, Charles E. ¦ - W,. M. D;. ¦- t,
• . Magulrc;- John-N.-. ¦¦¦'•. Uhl, Ferdinand
BOHAN— In -this city, April 16. 1902. .. Mary
Bohan, beloved mother ' of John, James ' ard
Joseph Bohan. Mrs. W. H. Smith and Mrs.v
L. Flaherty, a native of County Cork, Ire-
'land. ' .' ' - : . t ¦¦:¦¦':¦ .' '¦ . ¦
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited' to attend" the funeral to-day'
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock. 'from her late resi-
i dence, ICO Silver street.-- thence to St. Rose's '
-'Church for services commencine at "2
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPION— In this city, April 10, 1002. 'Min-
nie Campion, beloved wife of John Campion,'
and stepmother of Julia. Alice and Edward
Campion, a native of Illinois, aged 35 years.
¦(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James • McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Fu-
. neral private, v • "','-..-
EDGAR — In this city.' April "16. "1902, Daniel
J.. : beloved husband of. Emily. C. Edgar, and
father of George B., Philip G. and Emily
C. Edear, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
G7 years and 27 days. ¦"¦ • . - •
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to " attend ' the funeral service*
Sunday, April 20, at 2 o'clock,' at the Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of -Mount Morlah
Lodge No. 44, F. and' A. M. . • Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. • . ¦-, . •
GARCIA— In -Oakland, April • 17, 1902, Mary.
- beloved- daughter of Timothy, and Josephine
'Garcia, and sister of -Jesus and. Anita Gar-
cia, a native of * San Jose^Lorivj. California,
aged IS ' years 5 months - and -T.1 days. \ - -
GORDON— In Alameda, April 17.* 1902, Samuel
A. Gordon. 'beloved' husband" of Amelia Gor-
don, and father of Mrs. A. E. Lobree, Mrs.
M.- Lando. Mrs. A. H. Cohn and Philip,
Florence, Bernard, 'Hazel, Mvra. Frank and
Herbert Gordon, a native of Bristol, Ens-'
land aged f>S years and 6 months. ¦ .-
GORE— In Oakland. • April 17, 1902, Cyrus A.
Gore, beloved . husband of -Ella, and father
of Grace and the late Leonard Gore, aged
47 years. . ".': '...'. /
HYSLOP— In Oakland, April 17. '. 1002, at ' 1542
i Telegraph avenue, -.George ¦William, eldest
son of W.' J. and F. S. . Hyslop. a native of
California, aged 8 years. and 7 months..
KING — In'the City and County Hospital; .'April
16,' 1902, Bartholomew King.' a native of
: Ireland, aged 55 years. . ¦ . . .
KREUTZER— In this city. . April. 16. ¦ 1902.
Lisabeta, beloved wife of ' the late August
Kreutzer, and sister of John Sllligo, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 40 years. •¦
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.'
Bonlfaee's Church, Golden' Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, for
services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross^
: Cemetery.
LIPPERT— In this city, April 17. 1902, Charles
Eastwood Lippert, beloved son • of Gertrude
and W. E. Lippert, a native of San Frant
Cisco, aged 4 years- and -11 months. '-..-¦
MAGUIRE: — In this city, on Monday. April 14,
1002v: John, N. Maguire,'^ a native of -New
; Orleans;: La., aged':21 years., (New Orleans
papers please copy.) . - .. . ..-
I •iET'.Funeral , services at St.' Mary's Cathe-
" Oral.* at -9:30 o'clock, Friday, April 18, - 1902.
<; 'Interment at Holy Cross Cemetery. -
MEADB — In this -city,- i Thursday, April 17,
1902, Frank Meade, beloved husband of Mary
Meade. father of Edward Meade. and oldest
son -of Mrs. B. Meade, a native of New -York.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. r to . take
place \ from his . late residence. » Morrell
' place, between Pacific, street "and > Broadway,
Hyde and Larkin • streets. - at 9:30 . o'clock,
Saturday morning. Services at St. Brlgld'a-
Church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In the City and County .: Hospital,
April 17, 1902, Henry Miller, a -nativa of
Germany. : aged 49 years.: ,•-.•. ; :.
MURPHY — In this city. April 15,-1902, at his
residence, 746 Clayton .street,-- James. Doug-
las; "beloved son of Anna and the late Daniel
Murphy, a- native^or- San'- Francisco. ¦•*¦• ¦ ¦¦•'¦
' - tC7Services. at residence ¦• to-day (Fri-
day), at 10 o'clock.^ Interment private.
O'BRIEN— In this I city, April 16. . 1902; Mary
E. beloved wife of ¦ C. W. ;, O'Brien, and
mother of Frem6nt M.\O'Brlen. a native of
Sari Francisco, aged ' 29 years. .'-.. -, . ¦
tETThe - funeral ';wiir take ' place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from- the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27-29 Fifth
street, thence to St;Brleld's Church, where
a requiem mass will • be celebrated > for the
repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock." '.
ROSSINI— In Oakland, •April 17, 1902, Thomas
C. Ronslnl, beloved husband of Minnie- Ros-
sini, sonof Mrs.- C J. Rossini, and brother
of Charles Rosslnt. ,' Mr». E. Kathes. Mrs.
E. Janeckl and 1 W.-J.' Scott, ' a native- of
Santar-Cruz, Cal., aged'29 years.v ;.
PINEDO — In San Jose, ' April 9, 1902, Miss
Encarnaclon Pinedo. beloved ' sliter of Mrs.
¦ William Fitts. t aged B3 years. - .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannamn ft Gallagher.) '
- DANIEL P.' DONOVAN. -Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln SchooL .
, ¦¦-... Telephone South 80. .»..¦¦ .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
' , NEAREST THE CITT. \ '
Office, 916 Market Street.
¦. -• t--. • --v. Telephone Bush 867. .'¦ -
NEW FIRM OF/ UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden.18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'; Association ;.M. J."-
MeBrearty. "With- the same company for 10
years; P." F. Green,'. late with J. C.O'Con-.
'nor & Co., have opened new. Funeral. Par-
lors at 1171 Mission : st., between Seventh
and Eighth. • Telephone South 44. ,; i: - .. ;.
I JAMBS^ McGINNv r
Formerly .with McGinn Bros.; has opened
I new Funeral Parlors- at -214 Eddy st.. bet.
Taylot and Jones. ', Telephone South 578< . . .
....... t '.r', ;> . ...... ¦ ,. J ¦ .-:... >,.t^ .. -.,.... .^. . '.^
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
I »:• -Z7-mn* *O Fifth St. Tel. South Wr 1
- FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. J
!j nnw / Equ|pm«mt at Madst'fttg • Rastea. 1 .
V^ REMOVED!^
AlcGINNvBROS..
FUNERAL -. DIRECTORS and < EMBALM-
'ERS. to 224 and ) 226 McAllister 'St. "(For-
I merlv of 81 Edd" at." • Tel. > South j 252.) - ¦
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
.APARTMENTS "for light housekeeping; furnish-
ed .-sunny suit, with kitchen; all modern Im-
provements; bath; telephone; $10 to $20 suite.
. ST. JAME3, McAllister and Laguna sts. ; . •
FIFTH. 353-J-Furnlshed housekeeping; 3.. $14;
2 beds; 2. $15; 3, $20; 2 beds; single. ¦ $5.
HYDE.. 408 — Sunny front parlor suite, com-
plete for housekeeping $20; another suite $15.
LARKIN. 801 — Large sunny room, neatly fui>
nished, 1 or 2 persons; housekeeping privi-
leges It desired; $6 00. ... y ' '
POLK, 1642 — Two sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; gas range. ' : .
SEVENTH. 28— Sunny furnished rooms, $12,
$10, $8, $6; also housekeeping rooms, $10. -
STOCKTON. 120C— Nicely furnished • single and
double housekeeping rooms; free zas and
stove; model' house; $4. $6; $8 and $10. ¦ : (
STOCKTON. 1307 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms with stove. ' . :. -
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth— 3 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; parlor. 2 bedrooms, din-
ing-room and kitchen, $20; no children. j
TENTH, 149 — Newly furnished. 2 or 3 house-
keeping rooms; bath; piano.
TWELFTH, 120— Neatly furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, nr. Dolores— 2 sunny
bay-window, rooms; nice, neat, complete. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unlarn;
ARGYLE Hotel, 234. McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates, by week of
month; McAllister - cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California' attached. ¦-¦.--..
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to ?1 per' night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping, rooms; open all /night. ' \
A— VENDOME. 1104 Market— Changed hands>
renovated; furn. suits. Mrs. V. W. Miller,
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,'
week or month: bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No.' 1S64)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished:
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. -
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$150 night;' $1 B0. $6 week; open all night.
FILLMORE; 1720 — Largo sunny * bay-window
room, newly furnished; hot and cold-water:
bath; gas; terms reasonable; private .family.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and singlet travelers accommodated/'
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman ¦ to ' share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class family hotel. Address L. H. C. 28
Montgomery st., room 14. ; .' ' * 'V'i't
GOLDEN GATE ave., 758 — Sunny f ront . and
back' room; $5; bath; 1 light housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator,- elec. lights;. day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 014 — Handsome- sunny alcove
room; also single room for- gentleman; refer-
ences, -t • ¦ > • ¦ : • •:'¦:'¦:'.'.
POLK,. 1539 — Large . front room, $10:.. wlthVor
without, light housekeeping; private. ¦..'-,.';-. r j
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent lfght, 1 -'
reading-room, smok ing-ropm and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; "week, "$2,'
to $8 month, $8 to $30, elevator on ground^
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.'
SHERMAN ADartment House. 28 Eighth; St.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.^
VALLEJO, 1019 — Rooma on Russian Hill; rent
$30. 'Call Wednesday and Thursday p. m.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS, 915 — Sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; excellent board, $45 & $40, for couple.
VAN NESS. 607— To a refined couple; large
. sunny parlor, with board,- In private home.
VA-N NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, elngle rooms: first-class table board, j
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — May 1. by lady and daughter, sun-
ny suite with board; central; permanent;
references; not- over $50. Box 4951, Call.- •
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip Or-
phanage, -at 620 -Lake st., San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half orphan
-girls." from" Jan. 1 to April 1. 1002: Hazel W.
West, 6 yrs.; Daisy Rood. 11 yrs.: Elsie M.
Moggride, 2 yrs. 6 mos. : Blanche M. Wilson !
6 yrs. ; Erol Goldstein. 10 yrs. ; Hazel I. Wolfe
12 yrs.: Louisa B. Loeser. 9 yrs.; Hattie h!
Neindeck, 10 yrs.; Juanita Tomllnson, 12
yrs.; Evelyn Ray maud,- 7 yrs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
. CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;*
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
Ayp WAREHOPSEsT"/-
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st.;
teL Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. *
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving 1 Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281. 1
. LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS..
WILLIASr'TEALir wIelfiTT? deceaTedT for-
merly of North Temescal. Oakland, and other
places in California, and late of French
¦Camp, San Joaquin County, ' California.— Any-
person claiming as a child of the deceased. to
share In certain moneys divisible upon' his
death should communicate Immediately with
MESSRS. CORMAC & DONOHOE & ; BAUM,
119 Bush St.. San Francisco, Cal. ¦- > ¦ •:'¦'-'- -¦•¦
;j ' ; .^- . PROP °SAL8.
UNIVERSITy"'of" CALIFORNIA. Berkeley—
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Mate-
rial Men : Notice is hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bids are solic-
ited for performing the labor and furnishing
the materials necessary to the erection of an
addition to the Bacon Art Gallery and Li-
brary Building on the grounds of the- Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley. Alameda
County, and aaid bids or proposals will - be
received at. room 1», ninth floor, Mills build-
ing, San Francisco, at or before 3 o'clock
p. m. of the 30th of April, 1902. And- notice
. is hereby further given that the plans and
epecifications of said ¦ building have been
made and adopted and are placed In the of-
fice of the secretary of the Board of Regents
room 16, South Hall. Berkeley. Cal., where
I the same may be seen and examined during
oach day from 0 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until said 30th day cf
April, 1902. No bids or proposals- will b*
.considered unless the same are : accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient .sureties, conditioned
that if said bid or proposal, shall be ac-
• cepted the party proposing will duly enter
into a proper contract to faithfully perform tho
duty and obligations in accordance with said
proposal and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are htreby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject • any
and all bids Is hereby reserved. This notice
Is given pursuant to an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to cre-
• ate and organize the University of Califor-
nia,' approved March 25, 1868, and- an act
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approve-1
March 2S, 1872. relating to the construction
of buildings," approved March 3, 1897 By
' order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings • of the Board of Regents "¦""
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR BARRACK CHAIRS— De-
pot Quartermaster's Office, 30 New Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco, Cal.. April 15 1902 —
Sealed rroposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 /o'clock a ™
Friday, April 25.- 1902. Pacific Standard time*
and then opened, for furnishing three thoul
sand Barrack Chairs, conforming to Kneel
ficatlons No.- 361. except that they be fur
niBhed knocked down .and delivery to he
made either at the New York or San Fran-
cisco Depot.. To avoid misunderstanding as
to the exact nature of the articles. to be fur
nisbed. bidders will carefully examine ths
specification*, so that proposals may be sun
mitted by them with a' full knowledge of
what will be required, as an absolute com
pliance with the specifications will be in
sistcd upon in the inspection of the tcoa&»
Bids differing from specifications will und»r
no • circumstances be entertained. , Bids for
delivery or. inspection at . other points than
those, named above will . 7v.1t be considered
Early deliveries are. essential. Bidders must
'¦ state in their proposals the rate, and tlm« nt
delivery,, should contract be awarded to
them. Preference wlll.be given to articles
of 1 domestic production, and manufacture
¦ v conditions of price and quality . being eauai
(including in the- price of foreign produc-
tion and -manufacture -, the -duty tharo
on), and such .. preference ..will ••bo'
given to articles - of American produc
Uon and -manufacture produced 'on tho-
Pacific Coast to the extent, of the consump-'
tlon required by. the public service there. -Th«
United States reserves the right to accoDt
or reject any or all proposals or any, part
thereof. Information and blanks , for propo-
sals will be ' furnished : on application. ' En-
velopes containing proposals will be indorsed
"Proposals No. 3083," ¦• and 1 addressed- to
MAJOR C. P. "MILLER; Quartermaster : .\j -
; S.t Army. Depot Quartermaster. . . . f.y.Y^'j
v .: OCRAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' . Steamers leave Broadwa7
jjSjjfcC' Wharf, San Francisco:
HSSgife^ For Ketchikan, Juneau,
12$W?52>»^ Skagway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
' fc&fiSTUxll m - April lG. 21. 26, May 1.
SaS&fi&n tsMI Change to company's steam-
Ba3gr a Vflja\ ers at Seattle.
. t^^ESii EBM For Victoria. Vancouver.
'^aSEi Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
: ¦'¦:.-¦ ."% coma, - Everett, New What-
com-:il a,m.. April 16. 21. 26. May 1. Change
at Seattle"" to this company's-, steamers foi
Alaska and G. N. R7- : -at Seattle or Tacoma
to V P Ry : at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:SO p. m. (
AprU 12. 17.- 22, 27. May 2, ¦¦
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles an<?
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Earbara — Spo-
kane, Sundays, 8 a. m. «<*"
State of CalifornU. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, San Luis Obispc
(via Part Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ('Santa Crus only). .
Coos Bay. 0 a. m..- April 12. CO, 1\ May 6.
Santa Cruz. 9 a.m. (freight only). April 18.
24. -' ' -"- . . - : : ' ¦ S . : - ; .
For Ensensda, Mapdalena Bay. Pan Jos<» de»
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — to a. m.. .7th each month.
For further, information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved .to change steamers or sall-
lns dates. . . . . . ¦ :
TIC^^-T fCPTCE— * w Montgomerj
street (Palace Hotel). ¦ . .-.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents. .
..:.! ,;. 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
.-. '" LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JTTXT.. 1
VALENCIA . . , i JtTNK 1
And i fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and Mar 01 re-
spectlvely, connect with above steamers.' Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome, last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nom«
folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgom-
ery street fPalace Hotel). - .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
... .10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R& N. CO/
; ONLY 1 STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST HATES.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
6S COLUMBIA Sails.. .April 13. 23, May 3, ; 13
SS.'GEO. W. ELDER Sails..: t >
..:..; April 8. 13, 28. May 9
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
I^NOME
iNQra&k sailings.
IpiW^^U. S. MAIL ROUTE.
\\\ ¦' TUP "
¦ \ WSSm COMMERCIAL CG.
Will dl spa tch Us - first-class- steamers, • carry
ing United States mails for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows:
. . From San Francisco.
S. S. PORTLAND .... ..April 15
S. S. ST. PAUL .....June 3
S. S. PORTLAND July 1
From Seattle. .
S. S. PORTLAND.. ......April 2H
S. S. OHIO June 3
S. S. INDIANA June 1
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saldis.
carrying United States ,' mail, for Teller ani
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovi.i and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the, company's river steamers for
Dawson, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply -to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO., -:"<";
G-15 Market st, San Francisco.,
Or - EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
Puget Sound Agent, Seattle. "Wash. aprl6-2m
TOYO EISJEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
.etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing. •
SS. NIPPON MARU..... Friday, May Oth, 1002
SS. AMERICA MARU '
Wednesday, June 4th. 1902
SS." HONGKONG MARU.........
Saturday. June 2Sth, 1002
Round-trip tlckats at reduced rates. For
freight and. passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVER Y. . General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, btoppln? at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3 pier 10, 12 m.
A -STEAMER.. Apr. — IPALENA. May St
GUATEMALA.. May lOICOLOMBIA June 2t
. These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and Scuth .American passenger service,
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger, office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO... Gen. Agents.
Arf*Aan7f> C <£ PA "***" 8 * MM » HEW
occafflcy5XOo^^°,^ = .
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu '. .i
Saturday.- April 19. 2 p. m.
S3 SONOMA, for. Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney . . Thurs. . Ma y 1, 10 a. ra. ,
S3. "AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti «
' "....... .........Sunday, May 4. 10 a. m.
I. D. SPBECIELS k BROS-CH, GBlBial Agtl, 329 Maifct .
Gea'l Pass. Cfflcs, 6i3 Hariet sl, Pier Ho. 7. Paciflc sl. -
PANAMA R. R. ST L?N s r
TO. NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
:S. S. Argyll.. ..,.Salls Thursday, »May 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday, May 10
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p.m.
Freight and Passenger Ol flee, 330 Market st.
F. F.CONNOR. Pacific, Coast Agent. .'
COMPAGNIE 6EHEKALE TBANSITLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »— .-
¦ Sailing every Thursday, instead of -^RWJfi*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, ta*yuai»*
North River, foot of Morton street.
'•¦- First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class- to -Havre.- $45 and upward. . GENERAL'
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA • 32 Broadway • (Hudson building), New-
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery- avenae, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
.••'.'• AMKHICAX LINE.
•-¦ NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St PauLTApl. 23. 10 amiPhlladi-l..May 7. 10 am
St.-Lowis.--Apl.30.10am!St. Paul.May 14. 10 am
RED STAR LIXE. ; .
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.'.
Kenslns|ton.Ap.23. noon [Friesland.. May 7. noon
Zeeland.'.Apr. 30. noonfSouthwk..May 14, neon
¦ . INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
BAY ' AND SIVEB STEAMERS.
TOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steamers. GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 ft. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m: Leaves".
Vallejo T a. m.,- 12:30 noon, & p. m., except '
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and -
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock- .HATCH
BROS.Business men are satisfied when they
lunch at Cafe ZInteand. •
Organ selection, Leo B. Pomeroy: bary
tone solo. Dr.. A. J. Brown; recitation.
Miss Esther Macomber; violin solo. Mrs.
Charlotte' G. Gwynn; soprano solo, Mma.
Yda deSeminario; tenor solo, Algernon
Aspland; solo, Mrs. Jessie Dean Moore;
quartet, line. Semlnario. Mrs. Moore. Mr
Aspland and Dr. Brown; accompanist
Mrs. W. J. Batchelder. .
An interesting concert took place last
night at the Park Congregational ChurcQ.
street and Central avenue. The
affair was held under the direction oX
Mrs. Jessie Dean Moore and was enjoyed
by. a large audience. The following pro
gramme was rendered:
Interesting Church Concert.
The preliminary examination of Jerom(
M.': Saracco on : the , charge of criminal ' as
sault'upon'hls'stepdaughter. :Madge Gra
ham , was 5 concluded ;bef ore "Judge Caban
Is8 , yesterdays afternoon.* n The Judge hek
him to > answer, before : the Superior Cour;
Saracco ; Held to "Answer.
Window Cleaner Injured.
Cornelius Harrington, a window cleaner,
residing at 529 Mission stteet; received se
rious injuries yesterday by . falling; from
the;second story of a ( building at Devlsa
deroi street and Golden Gate avenue. Har
rington lost his .balance and fell to the
sidewalk beneath, 1 eceivins injuries which
may prove fatal. ; r: - .
The promotion committee of San Fran
cisco has sent out postals to business
men calling attention to. the letter .mailed
last week In which funds were asked for
to enable the committee to begin pro
motion. With the postals Is a sugges
tion that the committee hopes to get in
pledges Immediately. Rufus P. Jennings
says that the committee will not be able
to. call personally upon all to, whom fet
ters have been addressed, and will have
to rely largely upon action of those who
are public spirited. The subscriptions to
date have not been as large as the com
mittee hoped to receive. The Invitation to
subscribe is signed by Andrea Sbarboro.
Charles Bundschu. W. H. Mills, A. A.
Watkins and Rufus P. Jennings.
Committee Sends Invitation.
.: Dr. 7 Arthur P. Mullen, the physiciar
who " had attended Cole on June '27, . 28 anc
29, 1901. c testified that Mr. Cole's complain!
was bronchitis, but that his nervous sys
tern was not; Impaired, although he^ was
anxious to : get back to his - office. ' The
prosecution will j close Its ; case - this morn
ing. .¦ ¦ :. /¦¦ .'.•.rr < : ..¦ : ¦
.-The witness denied that Dimmick ha<
ever reported . to him that Cole . had madt
an overpayment of $5000,: or that anythinj
serious - had happened. '„¦' He made - som<
complaints to : the : witness about mine
affairs," but never about anything of grav
character. At the investigation Dimmict
denied ..to him : that he ever had a dress
suit case,: and.' said that he never ownec
one- or borrowed, one.' .
.7, Cole Strikes Back at Defendant.
The witness stated that Dimmick had ;
disagreeable habit : of drawing money 0:
his check and allowing it to , He as cash
He r gave his ¦ check - one - day for I $20 an<
countedit as cash for several days. Thei
he gave Cole his check for $40 and tool
up the $20 check. He paid up everythinj
finally. '¦¦' This last' answer was in respon3
to a question by George D.~ Collins, Dim
mick's : attorney. :- ~- .'
-•Superintendent Frank A; /Leach was re
called and .testified that when Cole wa;
appointed cashier, ha (Leach) suggestei
to Dimmick to procure a locksmith^ to. in
struct ,Mr. Cole how to make a new com
bination. Then the. witness .called upoi
Dimmick for the combination that- ha<
been used • by him as cashier, and Dim
mick replied that he had taken it out o
the safe,"; and ¦• when Leach spoke ' to liin
sharply and •. Inquired ' by what ? right h<
had taken it out, Dimmick replicd^'hen
It is," and -produced it out of' hls^coa
pocket." . . •
: Dimmick, on the: same occasion, told
Mint Director Roberts that Cole once
paid out a - $5000 sack * of gold too • much,
but discovered It a few moments .later,
and ran but to the gate where the money
was : being taken out on a truck and
brought back the extra sack * of gold , to
the -vault. ,;" , '¦ .. .
"I have "been fearful," proceeded Dim
mick,>"ever since Cole was appointed
cashier that something would happen to
cause a shake-up here. I think it is re
markable that his carelessness ceased all
at once. I told that to Mr. Day. I called
Mr. Leach's attention" to whatever actual
error I .learned. • * * I suspected
that : if , anything was wrong the cashier
would pile it on my head." "
W..K. Cole, the. cashier, was recalled'to
deny certain statements made by Dim
mick - about : shortages or over-cash. The
witness admitted that he had been short
$120 on one occasion, $20 on. another, and
on "another he had $400 over-cash. He i
emphatically- denied Dimmick's statement I
as. to. Cole having taken a $20 piece out of
the. vault, and denied the story about his
taking a sack of $5000 f 5pm a truck that
he had overpaid by that sum.
Dimmick, told me ;that ' Cole could silt the
back of a sack and take out the money and
substitute something else. Or he could cut
the strings tied around the necks of the sacks,
and as the ' strings were wrapped • three times
around them he could re- tie them twice. He
6ald that the cashier, could have carried away
a sack at a time by putting It Into his over
coat pocket and folding the coat In the usual
way. upon his arm. I told Dimmick that ; I
did not think his theories plausible, and'Dim
mick said there was another method by which
he . could pay the money to a confederate on
the outside. For Instance, Cole could tell Cap
tain Fitzpatrick to bring out forty-one sacks
when ne wanted . only forty, and the captain
wouldn't know anything about it. WhenP
asked him about the dress suit case Dimmick
said ¦ that he - never had a dress suit case and
what Watchman Muller saw him with . on the
Oakland boat were his private books, which
he was taking home to work on at night. Dim
mick explained his presence In the Mint as
late as midnight by saying that he was getting
out a "book for Mr. Leach showing the condition
Of .. the % melters\ and refiners' department.
Blame Dumped on Cole's Shoulders.
Louis M. Slater, private secretary of
Superintendent Leach, was recalled and
read from his stenographic notes a state
ment made* by Dimmick July 10 and 11,
1901, in the presence of Mint Director Rob
erts and" Secret . Service Agent Hazen.
During . that investigation Dimmick said
that he had known of several , instances
in which Cashier Cole had made short
payments and over-payments. .The flnst
shortage he . had discovered was one of
$120 in November, 1900, after Cole had
been officiating as cashier for about
two \months. ! When Dimmick I called . the
cashier's attention to the matter. Cole
said, "Yes, I am $120 short,, but. I expect
to find it because I know. where I paid
it out."
Dimmick marked this matter on his
daily report and called Superintendent
Leach's attention to it. A few days later
Mr. Leach asked Dimmick whether the
shortage had been paid and Dimmick re
plied in the negative. Cole remarked to
Dimmick that- it' was a little expensive
piece of business and had cost him half
a month's salary.
Three months later Dimmick/ as chief
clerk, found that Cashier Cole had $400
cash over and above what should be
there. Cole looked through his accounts,
but could not find where. the mistake was.
Dimmick. tried to trace the depositors,
but as many of them were Klondike men
and had no fixed place of abode, he was
unable to find them.' The money was
always counted in - stacks of $400 each,
and that mistake might have been made
by counting one of the stacks twice. The
$120 shortage was deducted from the $400
over-cash and the $280 remaining was
placed in the. cashier's safe.. On. another
day at the close of work Dimmick discov
ered a shortage of $27, and Cole said that
he knew where it was, and, stepping into
the vault, '. he returned • with the money
and put it into the tray. Dimmick said
to Cole, "You can't do that; because, if
you do, your vault account will be
wrong." In a few days the shortage was
made up. and the cash balanced to a
cent. At other times . there was a.ten
dollar shortage and $300 over-cash. "If a
man will make these mistakes," - said
Dimmick, "it is reasonable to suppose
that he will make others. I am satisfied
that-Cashier Cole is $30,000 short in his
accounts. .1 knew it the moment I figured <
it up that -Saturday afternoon." - -
. How Cole Recovered a Sack.
Burns, in - order to draw out Dimmick
still : further, asked him how it was pos
sible for Cole . to get money, out of the
Mint without being : detected. Mr. Burns
added: • . -' '
Dimmick on the Art of Larceny.
:' Mr. Dimmick said that the $30,000 had un
doubtedly been taken by. the cashier, .who was
a careless. . incompetent man, and that owing
to a series ol overpayments the cashier had
been compelled to take a sack of coin and . go
to ' certain . unknown persons for • advice, and
when thos3 persons learned what he had done
they jammed him. For Instance, say that Cole
was three sacks short, and his advisers saw an
opportunity of compelling him to take j three
sacks more. .'».'.•, \ ....
"W. J. Burns, one of the . brightest and
keenest sleuths in the United States Se
cret Service Department, occupied . the
witness- chair in the United States Dis
trict; Court yesterday afternoon -and re
lated-several conversations he had had
with Walter N. Dimmick, chief clerk "of
the Mint,' in which conversations Dim
mick practically charged Cashier Cole
with the Responsibility of the loss of the
missing.' $30,000. . Mr: Burns said: .
Clever Theories of Some One
Else's Quilt Advanced
by Defendant. .
Tells Sleuth Burn s How
C Cashier Could Have
Stolen.
DUMMICK CAST
BLAME ON COLE
' Martin ¦• Oates • was '. to one
yc-ariin the County Jail- by Judge Mogan
yesterday, six months for till-tapping and
six months for attempt at tlll-tapplng.
He Is said by the police to be one of the
two. men who have tricked :a number .of
storekeepers recently. < One would get the
storekeeper outside on" some pretext while
the other rifled, the: till. :
Tilltapper ¦ Sentenced.
Banquet by L 'Allegro Club.
L' Allegro Social Club tendered 'a. , fare
well banquet at an uptown restaurant
last Tuesday evening to Charles Kells on
-his departure for the north. Phil- Martin
was toastmaster of the evening. • . . .
On behalf of the club 'the president,
Richard Cooper, after an excellent speech
presented Mr. Kells with a beautiful lov
ing cup,. the gift of the members.
The evening was enjoyably spent and
Mr. Kells was wished a. pleasant journey.
Board Awards Contracts.
The Board of Works received bids yes
terday for making alterations and ad
ditions to the Columbia School ¦ and
awarded the contract to James B. Mc-
Sheehy for $3030. The contract to grade
the lot adjoining the Fremont School was
awarded to Frank Slmonarb for $3S4. :> . 1
xnji PAJV JBTKAycISeO CAIili, ITKlPAr, APRIL 18, 1902.
14
0 oREMNANTS OF BLACK DRESS GOODS o— o
WE OFFER
FRIDAY ONLY
ONE=THIRD
FROM MARKED PRICES.
C — — — '• — o : — — : r —~ ¦ O O
, Remnants of ¦ Remnants0^
® Remnants of ¦ Remnants of =
< Silks. *P jSice^u^^ofj Lawns. v > s
1 Remnants of -^^^^^>^ Remits of g
% ™u^ cor. Sutler Street and Grant ArenneJ C!nghams ' »
g ° ¦'o'--;- — —6— Q o
g Friday, AprH 18th Samuels' ||
z . For One Day Only T 3
i ipi ; "#/ Lace m
ihxqUlSlte Department I
O V a Something new every day. For Friday JZ.
\ if / ¥ i we have arranged for a showing of AM- v *
i \ A / /% A C*TT C* over Laces, and being "INTRINSIC Q
mf V S\ I I VALUES" they will no doubt sell v.ry
TV v4sJLk«' KtKJ freely. Ordinarily we would not rjuyt?
such low prices, but Friday you can ex- t
Made of Taffeta. Feau d'e Sole. Moire Jf 4 * the reductions. Applique. Vene-
Velour, Shantong Silk and Pongee. • uajl - lrisil Point ¦ j
They have that sheer and brilliancy tie- . ' a T T /-vt i-iinri
noting the highest grade of silks. ALLOVliJxo
Axr , f 1 In Cream. Butter and Ecru, for Tok-
IXJnrflnlP lnss an(J frontings.
* 20 pieces, worth $1.25. at 83c
« 10 pieces, worth $1.73. at.. r.*l^I5
Assortment lo^ec^, 7 s
Fully 350 of them. It is Impossible to OtALOOInS
_ find them elsewhere. They are exceed- In. Batiste. Irish Point and Venetianr
lngly stylish, smart and distinctive, choice designs; all this season's impor- '
We recommend them as being very rea- tations — .
- sonably priced. Displayed for easy M nieces worth "LV> an* *su> nm*
: a^naVT^ 8^ && -^ 25C
¦35 pieces, -worth 65c and 75c PTf\r* '¦
Friday— Sate Price ,. yd - Frid<^ only - • &Uc '
23 pieces, worth $1.00 and *7EZ**
|£h A *1 r" f • ?l-23 y<i-. Friday only. .r... 1 OW ,
T\£j. x /*^ r* CkCT\ 13 ' P |ec es. worth $1.25 and CJ.OO ",
/ >J JUctWll • $150 yd.. Friday only O« I
oREMNANTS OF TABLE DAMASK o fr
, BADEN. COMPANY ' INCORPORATES.— The
Baden Company; a firm, organized to transact a
gcr.eral business- In ¦ realty; : wast incorporated
yesterday with a capital stock of $500,000. Thn
directors are C. C. Burr L. B. Holman. E. AV.
Burr,", E. C.' Burr and Marj- , N. Allyne. They
have 1 each subscribed $1000. ; • .
Beklns Van' and ' Co.'s business is
packing, moving," storing goods.' 630 Market. •
I FRIDAY AND SATURDAY SPECIALS I
I QOLDEN GATE
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
|| Tailor Suits v I
I 5ilk Coats I
I H • • • *» * • • •
I GUT RATES, j
j NAVY BLUE STORM SERGE TAILOR SUITS, double breasted I
I Eton with Peplum. silk reveres and velvet collar, silk-lined skirt with I
I newest graduated flounce lined with amisilk, a perfect fitting gar- I
I merit; full value $20.00 — "
Cut Rate $15.00
I BLACK VENETIAN TAILOR SUITS, new box effect, with fancy I
I stitched silk reveres, flounce skirt with 30 rows of stitching; a $17.^0 1
I iff Cut Rate $13.50 I
§ ANTIQUE MOIRE COATS. .$S.5O, 91O.OO and 912.5O |
I SILK COATS............. $12.50, $15.00 and R
B HTAN COVERT JACKETS, short, jaunty effect, new dip front, heavy i
B . satin lined throughout; a good $8.50 value— .-'. H
I Cut Rate $6.00 I
I 100 Extra Quality BLACK CHEVIOT AND VENETIAN DRESS I
H SKIRTS/ strictly tailor-made, well lined, perfect hanging, regular 0
|j $6.50 value, at $5.00 H
I 123D-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. L
k< Here is another of the stylish things we show for ioo» Basket >
<X : Body,. Rubber .Tires. Whipcord Trim. Just the thing for summer use. J
«' tome inand examine our stock. * I
%$ '-: Ask for 1902 catalogues. t
J-'STTOfekAKER''RllOfe JTOMFAIVY U
« -Market and ioth Streets. San Francisco. \Z
Friclaiy' " aiid SaUirdaiy
i^rSij P-^X I iy£ s il?y._evening .we .take : shoes from our
regular.. up-to-date-. -stock, and reduce t; the. '.prices. -The :
shoes are sold at the reductions for two. days^Friday
and Saturday/ Mori day;, the ; prices gor : back to' the
t original' figures. ;• ¦ - • •;; •< '•;;¦ .-.,;._'.¦__'< : v' •
The 'shoes -.arc trie latest styles— just- what^ are -beinj? worn • '
bv themost: stylish :dressers. - Every., pair: is ' this ' year's, make '
and the njakinsr'iis Jhiffh-grade— in -.fact,- it's : the best workman- ' .
snip possible. for-the-money...- .•.'•' ; ' : > ; . ,'
1 Th «e ; are facts/. -And a lot '.of jjcople in San Francisco
know them to; be ;so— they have bought shoes at the sales. Have- -
you?. •..- ¦;.-:':$ , % - - •..-.'/-:>¦•'',-'-'¦.-: '
.J^''t,<5*"»^ :C t 1 Vv'" uch w ei 7' sru " r "- males' patent ' leather ; lace Bhoes.
JS^?« ifiTi .V roUBh for i hr * e ' * xU>n< " on Boles, medium . broad toes; .
a I^*?sKter'Siisr- KS&S&ssfts *£?£&$ $
dreesere; Friday and -Saturday only.. ,, Ladies' tan calf lace £hoes, extend-
'..•/ -- - *.i\k -^o Bo'e". nejv round toes; Friday and v. .
Men> soft, box" csirVbiuchefoi-' Satu^y only ?2 .35
- &turf.'v"«Z 1Jr etyJUh : J>rlda y_* n^ \ '¦, La «'« ! ' One kid oxford tlee. patent
Saturday only ...f3.15 tip and French heels; Friday 'and
Men's tan lace rho«s of 'pood- color. Saturday only ........... .$2.35
™y™**.T.:.™*? y . ****«&«& .Laaie,' three-strap kid slipper,. '
Boys' and youth* satin "JrL±' BatSJaTo'nly^
, ehoee, quilted bottom*: Friday and ' * 1<o °
Baturday only; glzes 13 to 2. 91.JO; Children^ and misses' kid lace
2H to 5% fhoes. fairly full toe, extended soles;
Boys' and youth*' patent Colt lace to^sFiK^ViW «? nly: eiz ZF, SK
shoes— a nhiny, lustrous leather, like U *I.1B. 11% to 2
K,. ent 1^. t^ er# ***! l i. wears much We give mail orders our careful at-
iSSfi tn i% V B *i «n^"/Sr y on X' !* nO0n ' ' and *« our stock Is . very
»-'^o" 2U. to nV : 1S h i?i -tn ' Ur * e We ar * most 8Ure to hav « wnat "
9-.1O. 2% to 6',4 ....?2J20 ; ever you want." Write for catalogue.
RAUFMANN'S'
832 MarKet Street
jiTc'S 801 And the colorings represent
Our window display to-day tells the story mote
vividly about these ..
3 S 7^ f Z — ' ~~I : : " : 9
Don t do anything until you see 'em.
Makers of fashionable Clothes. --\
Corner Kearny Street and iUnion Square Avenue,